I have the most fabulous collection of best friends !!! 

Bartending is a blast ... 
feeling drained but optimistic ... 
can't STAND selfish people ... 
Hoping tomorrow will be a more relaxed and stress- free day ! 
phone is dead with no way to charge ... 
giving up is way to easy ... 
missing my girl britney :( 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > how you excite me !!! LOVE YOU LADY ... 
once I get my ticket it's as good as done :) ... 
Ahh I need sleeep or an extra 4 hours in the day !! 
Today is going to be a good day ... 
Getting antsy a little over a month to go .... 
feeling a little out of the loop lately ... 
in a \kicking ass and taking names\ " kind of mood .... " 
decisions decisions ..... 
Emilyy I had one of our cookies today as a treat it was SCRUMPTOUS !!! you're amazing :) 
5am WORKOUT !! Great way to start they day .... unfortunately a tooth ache is a great way to ruin your day .... 
I'm feeling a flu coming on , this is so not ok ! Why do people go to work when they know they have some nasty isht ... 
i'm so good sometimes I scare myself ... 
Got a date with one of my best girls to see the Lion < PROPMALE > ! 
nantucket pomegranate pear juice is oh so refreshing ... 
I want a puppy :( 
Wishing miss < PROPFEMALE > was still here booo .... 
There's this hair commercial that annoys the shit out of me that is haunting me ! Every flippin channel I turn it to ... BAM there it is haha it's pretty ridiculous 
you can't compromise with passion ... without it your just two friends having sex , and where's the fun in that ? 
Important for me to make amends to the ppl who got the shit end of the stick and do the right thing from here on out . Disappointed in myself ! 
Be who you are , say what you mean those who mind don't matter , and those who matter don't mind . Thank you to all my close friends who KNOW ME , who support me and love me WITHOUT judgement . Who know that i'm a good person and have my back , and stick up for me when other people don't . 
LOVE ME some < PROPFEMALE > Kean !! Can't wait to spend some time with you xoxo BIATCH ! 
Braces hurt !! 
BIG SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE DANNY'S(DANI'S ) OUT THERE ! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS HAHA ! 
wondering what the new year will bring .. hoping for lots of adventure more great memories with friends and family !! 
10 days then it's off to Cali to be with two of my best girls ... well 3 of them . Sad to leave my family and the amazing friends i'm leaving behind ( Abi wink wink ) but excited for my little adventure to begin !! 
Had a fun night with dad !! 
I wish there was some sort of scale you could step on in the morning that would tell you whether your day was going to go good or badly . That way if it says bad you at least have the OPTION to stay in bed and avoid it .... 
Merlot 
Ok time for my body to relllaaaxxx !!! After what could be noted as the funniest worst day for my B and having dinner at The Grove ( yuuummmm ) the three amigos are vegging on t.v. and enjoying desserts . Thank God for having them help me transition into this CRAZY town !! 
HEEEAAAATTTHHHHEEERRR ! Hurry yo ass up .... 
Girls weekend is over :( ended it with our own version of a bang .. 
< PROPFEMALE > YOU MAKE ME SMILE , best roomate , and the answer is YES ! 
Wishing all my amazing family and friends back home could be with me to celebrate my birthday :( 
Had a blast at the Oakfire watching the SAINTS/VIKINGS game even thought the VIKINGS lost :( the crowd and my company was amazing !!! 
Not a great way to start the day ... 
Saw an old couple playfully bickering and it made me think of my great grandparents , missing grandpa ! 
irritated ! 
Just got my vehicle delivered right to my front door !!! I'm about to go on my first driving adventure ... wish me luck ppl , these ppl down here are crazy . I witnessed a man ram his bicycle into the front of an acura today bc the guy blocked a portion of the cross walk !!! 
All B and I wanted was to make spaghetti and we ended up with an apartment full of smoke and my eyes burning haha , It was worth all the trouble because it was A-MAZING !!! 2nd round ECLAIRS yummm : ) ! 
Stressing out ! Being an adult can be a real drag sometimes ... 
I want to sing from a mountain top .... 
Got my ASS handed to me 10 fold at work tonight , but it was worth it $$$ , just got home and am exhausted , call me before 10 am tomorrow and you die !!! : ) 
insomnia blows .... 
Having a married couple moment with my roomie ... sitting in my bed watching a movie , both pecking away at our laptops ... 
My iPhone is frozen , wtf is that about ... 
Could go for some qt with my best friend/roommate :) 
I'm having a flashback to being in AK on a Friday !!! No bueno ... 
My roommate is DEERRUNNNK !!! as she comes barreling into my room < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Norby 
< PROPFEMALE > CALL ME ASAP < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Norby 
WEAR ARE MY F*ING KEEEEYYYYYYSSSSSSS ! 
WHERE * WHERE ARE MY F*ING KEYS ! In the midst of my frustration I made a spelling error I couldn't ignore , so now I have to repost it with the correct spelling which detracts from the intensity of the comment but I can't let ppl go around thinking I didn't get no good education . fml 
these cookies are not doing the trick !!!! 
My sister is F*N hilarious , just read your update with the convo between you and your Sgt . Sorry I haven't been picking up , my phone is jacked ever since I reset it . LLLOOOOOVVVVEEEEEE U ! 
I'll get the blue one , that way we won't get them mixed up ; P 
If you've read my mom and sisters post today , you'd see my family lives by a different version of optimism . If something is standing in the way of your happiness , destroy it , then contact those in the circle of trust to help you conceal it :) 
thanks mom ! 
Got a hot Easter dinner date with my roommate @ Vinolio ... yummm ! 
Vinolio was closed so we found this new joint 24kitchen and let's just say B and I plan to frequent .. pretty good food and a wide variety of entertainment haha ... 
Those of you who know < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Norby will appreciate the convo I had with her . ME : Hey B what's the scientific height minimum for a little person B : 5'5 ME : No B not your definition of a little person 
The type of stuff you can expect to hear while watching Disney movies with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Norby ( in a dreamy voice ) I love you disney !! Why am I still scared of her ( referring to the witch from sleeping beauty ) And her quoting EVERY line to EVERY old disney move that they show . 
can feel the illness slowly making its way through my body . I HATE GERMS ! 
knows it's only Tuesday , but is soooo ready for the weekend to hurry up and get here !!! 
Had an amazing time with Abi , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > last night ... Up until some douche lord took Em's stuff ... you girls are the bees knees and I haven't had that much fun since I left . Happy I got to suprise < PROPFEMALE > ( just missed Ang ) . 
is officially inducting < PROPFEMALE > Cowen into the kick ass hair designer hall of fame . LOOOOOVVVEEEE her :) 
Glad I go to see my family , sad I didn't get the < PROPMALE > to spend more quality time with my girls ( ABI .. totally my bad though ) . LOVE YOU ALL :) 
is on tilt :) 
It's going to take a miracle to get ne through the night 
Super sexy bed mate 
has a super sexy bed mate ! 
Dear brand new black nike workout pants .. I don't know how you managed to get lost within a span of 12 hours but would greatly appreciate it if you would find yourself back where I left you .. your causing me to think I may have lost my mind and am at a breaking point ! WHERE DOES MY STUFF KEEP DISAPPEARING TOO !!! 
Cinco de Norby is on the horizon !!! 
Baking cookies for my roomie and special friend :) 
is food deprived and cranky ... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LITTLE NORBIT !!! BRINGING ON A NEW YEAR WITH MIDNIGHT BLOODY MARY'S AND RED < PROPFEMALE > CUPCAKES ... YUMMM :) LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY !!! Andrena Galloway < PROPFEMALE > Naquin 
Gave into cleaning again .. 
Haven't been on my myspace in < PROPFEMALE > long , tonight I scoped it out and decided to delete my mailbox .. before I did I read through the oldest ones I had . Took me back all the way to my highschool days .. to say the least I was time traveling for sure and couldn't stop laughing . < PROPFEMALE > Cloudy you and I were as thick as thieves , and I LOVE YOU :) 
decisions decisions 
I miss everyone in AK !! and a kickass chica in San < PROPFEMALE > .... and my roomie haha 
waking up with bug bites all over your body is mildly creepy ... 
.. gonna watch the Celtics beat some Laker ass tonight , then off to the Viper Room to watch Hillbilly Herald perform ! It's gonna be a bad ass show < PROPFEMALE > get there ! 
soooo annoyed 
I font think my family thought they'd ever see the day when I became a sports fanatic 
GARBAGE !!! 
Had a realllllyyy good night with one of my best girls .. ANGELINA !! Loved having a piece of home here :) 
Miss you < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Had the BEST time at R BAR .... and I was working ( Thanks ANG) !!! Wednesday karaoke = best first night on job EVER 
6 months in LA . couldn't have made it this far without the unconditional support of my family , you guys are my rock and I couldn't ask for a better family ... now please send money HAHA ! Oh and thanks to my two pieces of home who helped me get on my feet out here . Love you all ! 
A little sad to be leaving my hometown :( Love my family and friends xoxo 
Just landed in Cali it's 7 13 am and 68 degrees out ! Apparently it's suppose to reach 100-110 !! 
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY THE BEST SISTER I COULD'VE ASKED FOR !!!! Now you can be a legal alcoholic ... LOVE YOU :) 
There's a spider in my car ... He's torturing me with his games of hide and seek ! 
Hillbilly Herald is back at the Viper Room tonight @ 10pm , they gave a killer show last time so don't miss out !!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY !! 
Had an awesome night with my birthday boy and all of his amazing friends !! 
Rainy days like these make me miss home , my family ( this includes you Tiner and Em ) and all of my fantastic friends ... 
Congratulations to my sister who just got accepted into SWAT school ... yea she's a bad ass ... You should use those tactical skills you acquired taking down bees nests when you were 9 ! 
Thank god that month is over sooo crazy ! 
So excited for date night with my roomie , yummy food , grey's anatomy and then the practice ... add a little dash of < PROPFEMALE > Hope Kean and my night would be perfection ! A bottle of sparkling wine will have to fill my void ... 
Hoping my little sister and brother made it to Texas ok , and that they have a great Thanksgiving with grams ... LOVE YOU GUYS , glad you came to visit :) 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ... to all my family and friends . Hope everyone has a safe and happy holiday ! Sending out love and appreciation to my family back home ... I'm suddenly very grateful of all the Thanksgiving dinners YOU ALL cooked for us to enjoy , and wish that I could have a big family dinner right about now . LOVE YOU GUYS ... i'm so very thankful for you ! 
The start off of this week has been a fail , can't wait to leave for Mexico !! 
Going on ... maybe 8 hrs of sleep in the past 48hrs , used up all my reserve energy working last night with Rainbow Bright @ < PROPFEMALE > Spina and running around LAX trying to find the right terminal . Only thing keeping me going is the knowledge that I'll be with my family and animals in Mexico in about 4hrs :) 
In Mexico for the next week . Can't call or text so if I don't reply that's why :) 
7am horseback ride is my new favorite way to start the day 
So ready for the New Year to be here and to move on . It's been an amazing and adventurous year but this next one will bring lots of peace , happiness , independence , and success and I am so ready for it ! 
Earmuffs would be nice right about now 
