A minute of action is equal to an infinite amount of prayer . 

I just wanted to say something in regard to the strength of an average Christian's faith as opposed to the strength of an extremist Muslim's . At least the Muslims are so sure of their beliefs that they are willing to commit suicide for them . Now THAT'S faith ! Now , if we could only convince the Christians that there may be some virgins waiting for them ... 
Peace in the Middle East I just thought up a good way to finally have peace between < PROPMALE > and Palestine ... Just offer a reward for whoever wins the war ! Sure , there'll be a lot of bloodshed up front , a lot more than is going on now , but in the end it'll all get much better . Just think long-term , and you'll see the benefits greatly outweigh the costs . 
A gloriously decadent Chrismahannukwanzakuh to all . 
I was just discharged from the hospital ... was there for chest pains . They ran a bunch of tests on my heart , kept me there from 5pm Friday to about 8pm today . Apparently , they found no evidence of any serious heart problems , but they told me that my coronary risk factor is a 6.7 out of 6 ! Wow ... Anyway , now comes the crazy task of finding out what the real problem is , if it's really not my heart . Should be fun . 
Prayer is like a rocking chair . It gives you something to do , but it doesn't get you anywhere . Write that down . 
I bet nobody's even reading my wall . 
Wow . My wall is pathetic ... It's ALL posts from stupid Facebook Apps ! I need to get a damn life ! 
It's a good thing the Bible doesn't say anywhere that God hates retards , or the Christians would have a real problem on their hands ... 
Prayer is like a rocking chair : It gives you something to do , but it doesn't get you anywhere ... 
I'd like to expand the thought on my previous post about God hating retards and say : It's a good thing ( for Christians , that is ) that the Bible doesn't say anything about God hating close-minded , ignorant , bigoted , violent , hateful morons . In fact , those qualities seem to be promoted rather than discouraged in the Bible ... 
I think I shall retire for the evening to a LOTR marathon ( special extended editions , of course ... ) . Wish me luck ! 
Tip of the day : if you have explosive diarrhea from a stomach flu , it's NOT a good idea to assume it's all over with after three hours of not pooping and treat yourself to a couple hot dogs and some milk and cookies ! Ugh ... I feel horrible ! 
When are we going to come together like the conservatives did in the mid-1990's and figure out a way to demonize religion like they somehow did with liberals ? < PROPFIRST > Sagan was awesome , but he wasn't as effective as < PROPFIRST > Rove ! We need an atheist < PROPFIRST > Rove ! 
I just came up with another possibly great idea ! What about a non-profit health insurance company that would run the way progressives/liberals want our government to run health care ? No denials , affordable to those in need , and no caps on benefits ! I really want to know what my friends think of this . Discuss ! 
And my favorite passage from Demon-Haunted World is : 
Could everybody please send love and well-wishes to my friend < PROPFEMALE > Johns ? Her brother-in-law just got into a car accident and lost his 15 yr-old son , and his 12 yr-old daughter is currently undergoing spinal surgery ... 
Check out the group I just joined . It's on my wall ! It's called \Defund NCCAM Now . \ " DO IT !!! " 
Does everybody like my \A ? \ " Say \ " yayyyyyyyyyyyyyah ! \"" 
From my \WWCND\ " shirt : \ " Ghosts are actually caused by < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > killing people faster than Death can process them . \"" 
Does anybody know of any attempt to create secular alternatives to christian holidays on western calenders ? I'd like to switch over to celebrating great scientists ' , freethinkers ' , and humanists ' lives and works , instead of having to explain the ridiculous religious holiday BS to my kids . 
Hey , howcome nobody ever told me about the virtual bookshelf app ?!! ( I'm guessing because they know I'm OCPD , and am now going to spend countless hours cataloguing my entire collection of books , dvd's , cd's , and whatever else they'll allow me to catalogue ... ) Sheesh . Thanks , guys ! 
This is kinda gross and embarrassing , but why do I have to get diarrhea the night before an extended camping trip ?! Do the gods hate me that much ?!! lol I promise I won't blaspheme for a day or two if you make it go away ... 
Okay , well ... I'm about to start my exodus into the wild ( well , the White Mountain National < PROPMALE > federal campgrounds , anyway ) . I'll try to check in here as often as I can , but I doubt I'll be getting a WiFi signal too often . Praise the Lord , God almighty ! And all that happy horse-shit . 
I am fucking DONE with my psychotic bitch of a wife . She flips out over everything , and she went WAY too fucking far this time , over some retarded bullshit . Consider me single and wayyyyyy fucking happier than I've been in a long time . I can finally DO something with my life and enjoy it !!! Yayyyy !!! 
Hooray for pilonidal cysts ! I'm so happy to have my butt be the center of attention for once ! lol ... ( Not so happy about having it sliced open last night , or about the prospect of having surgery to remove a big ball of hair from the inside of my body ... ) 
Do my posts even show up on anybody's home screen ? Or does everybody just ignore me ? Or does everybody just get so many posts showing up on their home screen , like I do , that it's impossible to pick any one post out of the crowd unless you REALLY have something to say ?! 
Can somebody please explain to me why I should be tolerant of religion and religious idiocy , when religious fundamentalists are working day and night to turn the country where I live into a fucking theocracy ??? 
I'm thinking about sending this letter to the Pakistani Ministry of Law and Justice . What do you guys think ? 
I think Atheists across the world should send Pakistan's government a message on Monday ! Tell them that we won't stand for their religious thuggery ! 
Write a letter to the Pakistani Ministry of Law and Justice telling them that you don't agree with their law , or their actions regarding this matter . Here is their email address :\ 
\ 
contact@molaw.gov.pk 
I think I understand now why old men seem to be so damn grumpy . It seems like the longer I live , the more I hate people in general . I don't really feel like elaborating , but trust me ... I have good reasons . 
Here is Oklahoma's list of absurd laws regarding blasphemy and religion in general : 
As far as I know , not one single human being has been killed/tortured/imprisoned or even fined for claiming that they don't believe that Bigfoot exists . Why then is it that , in our society , true believers in religious nonsense seem to \deserve\ " so much more respect than true believers in Bigfoot ? " 
And what the hell makes religious fundamentalists think that , just because they're wearing nice suits and carrying a Bible , I want them on my property ?! I was just disturbed by two elderly gentlemen fitting that description this morning . Ooh , I was pissed ! 
Can't wait to get down to see my son and spend time with him ( and the wife , I guess ) this Independence Day weekend ! Now THAT should be a real blast ! 
So , I just had a thought ( you've been warned ! ) ... What's wrong with bigamy ?! If everybody involved is perfectly okay with the situation , what business is it of the state ( or society in general ) to interfere and tell them they can't do that ? If you're for gay marriage , you should be for multiple spouses , as well . I don't see a difference . 
Time to clean and pack , in anticipation of moving to a better apt . on Thursday , after my recovery from surgery tomorrow ! Should be a fun week , especially considering the heat wave ... 
Less than two hours ' til I have to be at the hospital to have a big ball of rotting hair removed from inside my body cavity near my tailbone . Whoopeeeee !!! SO looking forward to waking up from THAT !!! Sometimes , I hate science ... 
thinks everybody should watch \The Invention of Lying\ " with < PROPMALE > Gervais . Great flick . " 
So , if you noticed , my abusive wife and I are no longer together . Bring on the single ladies !!! Yeehawwww !!! 
So , my wife has started a smear campaign on her FB profile against me now . That's awesome . 
Does anybody know of any good , FREE sources ( websites , videos , etc ) that teach critical thinking skills ? I know I've seen some good ones on youtube , but I can't seem to find them . Any help would be greatly appreciated . 
Rest in peace , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Myers . 
So , my stepbrother just died the other day , and my mom , stepdad and sister all immediately flew out to Los < PROPFEMALE > ( he just graduated from Southwestern Law ) to take care of everything . I don't have that much money , but I could get a ticket , hotel room , and rental if I NEEDED to . Who votes that I get down there ASAP , even though my mom is telling me to wait until they bring him to Phoenix , where he will be buried ? 
@ < PROPFIRST > Airport , flight leaves @ 5:30 , arrive in L.A. @ 10:18 . Don't really know how everything's gonna go down once I get there . All I know is that I will be there . 
Who thinks that a marriage's foundations includes trust , honesty , open communication , AND sharing your entire life ( including finances and property , even when there is inequality on either side) ? 
Why does death always bring out the crazy in people ? 
Spent the night with < PROPFIRST>'s best friends . The more I learn about my brother , the more I realize how great of a guy he really was . 
In Phoenix now , just waiting to get < PROPFIRST > over here and lay him to rest with his mother . I'm sorry to be moving on from his life with his friends , because there was so much I could learn about < PROPFIRST > from them . But I'm also glad to finally have time to reach out to his side of the family , as well as to focus more on my immediate family , so we can all heal together . 
< PROPFIRST>'s funeral WILL be on Saturday , July 31st at 10 a.m. at the Heritage Funeral Chapel in Peoria , AZ . He will then be cremated and buried with his mother at Double Buttes Cemetery in Tempe , AZ . Look for his obituaries in the LA Times , The Union Leader , and I believe The Arizona Republic newspapers , which should be published this Wednesday or Thursday . 
Heading off to the Grand Canyon with the family for a few days . Should be good for us all . 
I've just realized that I suck . I suck really , really bad . I really want to be a better person . From now on , I will strive to be the best person that I can be . 
So , I saw a giant bull moose standing in the middle of the road tonight , as I was blazing by at about 80 mph in my silly little Mustang . If that thing had been standing in my < PROPFIRST > , I would have had a Moosetang ! haha ... I'm gonna drink a beer now ... 
I have no fridge . That sucks . My house smells . That sucks . I'm hungry . That sucks . \ 
My landlord SUCKS ! 
Here's a thought I just had , wanted to share it :\ 
-I'm a homophobeophobe . I hate homophobes ' cause I don't understand ' em . 
How long would you put up with someone who is constantly negative towards you ? 
WEEZER !!!! WEEEEEEEEEEEZERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!! YAY !!! NEW ALBUM , 9/14 !!! YEEEEEEEE-HAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW ! ( I love Weezer ) 
I just tried to join the Islamic Thinkers Society's FB group , and - go figure - they don't allow anybody to post messages on their wall . Their admins are cowards who are afraid to provide any information about themselves , but they allow people to send them messages . So I invited them to my group , \Make Every Day ' Draw < PROPMALE > Day . \ " I hope that sticks a hair up their asses . " 
Youth In Revolt = First movie I've sat through without being able to even pause for a cigarette break since I started smoking ( excluding theater flicks , of course , since you can't pause those ... ) . I recommend that everbody watch that movie at least ten times a day ! 
So ... I could have died yesterday , but luckily I was only going 5 mph when my lower ball joint snapped on my front left wheel . If that had happened while I was blazing down 93 at 100+ mph yesterday , I would NOT be here typing this ... 
Do any of my friends know a lot about the 4th Amendment to the US Constitution ? I have some generic questions about it that I could use some answers to ... 
Pats won , baby !!! A little redemption from last week feels goooood !!! 
Apparently , I am an asshole because not only do I not WANT to go to jail for no reason , but I actually CAN'T go to jail . Therefore , my wife has good reason to despise me and destroy our marriage . Makes perfect sense to me ... 
