whooooo 2010 , going to be one hell of a year 

back from the cruiseeee , trying to figure out how to navigate this site 
having fun with these pages 
wtf ? Blue from Blue's Clues is a girl ? well i need to review my life now ... 
hotel , motel , holiday innnnnnnnnnnn 
good nighttttt 
just woke up ... my sleeping schedule is screweddd 
has anybody ever realized , that racecar is racecar spelled backwards ? 
The greatest mistake you can make is to be continually fearing you will make one . -- < PROPMALE > Hubbard 
don't want to wake up early tomorrow ... 
i now understand 
ugh this game fucking sucks 
time to stop procrastinating 
ugh i can feel that ab workout now 
Zach needs to stop writing like a seriel killer , i can't even read what i'm trying to copy 
too much lit homework .. 
Never let yesterday use up too much of today . -- Will Rogers 
studying 
got a new car :) 2007 Camry < PROPFEMALE > , silver colored 
whoo go sparknotes ! 
scrubs :) 
i procrastinate constantly , yet i never seem to learn my lesson ... well time to procrastinate some more 
what would i do without Pandora radio ? 
up at 4 in the morning getting ready to hit the gym ... just like every other day , bleh 
Chuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
to the gym i go ! 
\I gotta feeling that tonight’s gonna be a good night \"" 
last night , was freakin great ... haha just woke up :) 
can't stop procrastinating ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Lawson Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
several more months til i'm out of this fucking hellhold 
whoo monday off , unfortunately i have to spend it looking for scholarships 
hmm they changed my facebook < PROPFEMALE > finally ... i think i liked the old one better 
my scholarship essay is completed ... 665 words of pure bullshit 
is it me or does new facebook go slower than old facebook ? 
3 day weekend , and i still procrastinate on homework :) 
haaaa told you it wasn't pinkeyejust a semi-hemorrhage in my eye 
i got a letter and 2 words .... f visual arts 
i need to get out of here ... 
hmm it's easy to get distracted when studying for stats 
change of plans , can't meet today since i got my eyes dialated so tomorrow morning it is :) 
Shutter Island is like one giant mindfuck 
damnit ... 
whoo got into SDSU 
you know you need a haircut when ... your sideburns start to curl up 
off to thee gym 
can't figure out how to change the time on my Camry .... 
filling out the NCAA tourny brackets :] , good day today 
good dayyy :) 
hmm i need to remember to wear green tomorrow , otherwise it'll be the 5th year in a row that i haven't 
ugh fuck Notre Dame , my bracket took a nice hit , had them in the sweet 16 
freakin Kansas Jayhawks 
off to the gym 
haha got grounded .... 
holy crap Xavier-Kansas State is freakin intense 
Oh AP Stats , so much of my time is wasted upon you 
ehh screw it ... i'm going to \forget\ " to do the editorial " 
watching the Yankees game , getting angry at the TV , ahh it's baseball season 
good time at the movies best part of the night was when < PROPFEMALE > got brake-checked into a nervous breakdown 
sweet ... Suns dominating 
whoo < PROPFIRST > Spikes to the Patriots 
frick 
trying to study for the AP test ... my attention span isn't long enough 
whoo go Suns 
Suns up 3-0 babyyy 
WHOOO Suns sweep baby ! \ 
Spurs go down , Lakers going to follow :) 
sweet finally got texting 
fricking a \ 
dhak ; hg ; kladjgl ; jh 
you all suck :) , looks like i'll be a Celtics fan for the next 2 weeks 
I'm surrounded .. 
first and last time I ever go hiking .... most physical pain I've ever been in in my life ... 
the itch from the sunburn is driving me insaneee 
Graduation coming soon . Class of 2010 baby ! 
I'm so sick of this damn place 
basketball at 4 at Ontario Park for whoever's down to go 
Orientation was boring haha\ 
\ 
little over a month left can't wait 
finally home :) 
new laptop finally came 
last night in Corona , then I'm off to San < PROPMALE > , gonna miss everyone 
sweet dance tonight , should be fun 
first two classes were chill , have an hour break before the next two , hope they're as chill as the first 
I am forever < PROPFEMALE > Trexler's slave . My free will is at her command . Never will I mess with her phone again because when I do , bad things happen to me 
fuck thee Jets 
c'mon Saints get that TD ... cover the spread 
gym class heroes baby 
sweet back in Corona 
watching < PROPMALE > get raped at Halo over and over again haha 
screw essays .. 
one of the best birthdays everrr , thanks everyone 
especially to < PROPFEMALE > Abend , Ejmin Besha , and Janielle Parungao 
back in Corona for the weekend 
I can't figure out Venn Diagramsssss 
time to quit procrastinating on this essay .... in a little bit 
heading on a cruise tomorrow for a week , see you in a month SD 
fuckkkkk 
dorm sweet dorm 
fuck you insomnia 
fuck you BYU 
class on a saturday .. bullshitttt 
procrastinating on my speech .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Saadati is the greatest person in the whole wide world and I dont know what i would do without her !!!!! 
whoo speech time ... 
so nervous right now ... 
:( 
home sweet home :) 
