I don't know who told me to test cooking oil temperature by flicking drops of water on it , but you were wrong , and I have the burns to prove it . 

I should be awake at 5 am more often - the weather is beautiful . 
is currently visiting Yakima but is about to go visit home ( Seattle ) for a little over a day before coming back to visiting Yakima . 
could use a good bout of mass hysteria in the form of a laughter epidemic . 
is trying to clean some of the junk out of his mom's pantry ... oldest dated thing I've found is from 1999 but I'm pretty sure the canister of pure MSG is from the seventies . 
just watched an anime movie called Paprika . By far the most bizarre thing I've seen in months . 
is making taco flavored bacon . 
just got splattered with taco-flavored bacon grease . It hurts . 
just looked through his senior yearbook . I seriously have only the slightest recognition of over half the people I graduated with . 
is tempted to have a container of powdered brownie batter on hand for use as a seasoning in various desserts . 
just relearned what a terribly depressing movie Requiem for a Dream is . I feel horrible . 
thinks it's terrible that the first place he heard about MJ's death was on 4chan . I need to start reading FARK again . 
just hand-made tortillas to use for tacos . Tasty , but too much effort for something that is really only supposed to keep the meat and cheese and such together so you can eat it . 
is working on spending less time on Facebook . 
wonders why he went to the library and checked out a book that is written in verse . I'm not a huge fan of poetry so reading an entire book like this will be a pain . 
is annoyed at how many years it takes for a new technology/invention/etc . to start actually being sold . Particularly things I've read about in Popular Science that sounded so cool I've kept a watch for them to become available . 
wonders how much smaller the world's population would be if there were no alcohol . 
wilts in the intense summer sunshine of Yakima . How did I live here for 23 years ? 
is playing NES games . Hooray nostalgia . 
has spent the last few hours putting together a family tree ... sometimes going back as far as fifteen generations . I have earned my headache . 
is having computer troubles . 
is having internet trouble and will only be online for about eight minutes per day in the near future . 
has found that split pea and ham soup , if left in the refrigerator long enough , can become the consistency of silly putty . * shudder * 
finally managed to fix his internet through clever use of search engines . 
still hasn't ceased to be impressed by Wikipedia . I've been working on a blog for a while about things people commonly believe that aren't true , along with what actually is true . Turns out Wikipedia has an article called \List of common misconceptions\ " " 
used his umbrella today . This is significant because it's the first time since I've moved here that I've used it . Rainy city indeed . 
is eatin ' some raw egg . Mmm-mmm ! 
has fallen in love ... with a . jpg 
Okay Seattle , you've had your hottest day on record now . Please go back to normal temperatures . 
I can never tell when I'm being brilliant or just plain weird - Pouring brownie mix into a cup , adding a bit of water and vegetable oil , and eating it with a spoon is ...? 
Whaat ? Wasn't The Wheel of Time supposed to be 12 books ? Especially , you know , since the author died ? Wikipedia says there are three more planned after book 11 . 
Happy 12:34:56 07/08/09 everyone ! 
Any married man should forget his mistakes . There's no use in two people remembering the same thing . 
thinks it's funny telling people about his dreams . They get so confused by bizarre things that happen in them . 
decided that since he'd never experienced a leek before , he should buy some leeks and make leek soup . It was delicious . 
reaching inside a hat and pulling out a rabbit might amuse people , but reaching inside a rabbit and pulling out a hat ... that's just disturbing . 
The average person falls asleep in 7-14 minutes . I generally take 30-60 . Yay for not being average ? 
You have no idea how much I want to make my own peanut butter cups right now . 
151 ... you suck for being a prime number . Why can't you be more like 150 ? 
feels bad that he's helping his uncle install a cat door for Spice . Inside cat average lifespan = 15 years . Outside cat average life span = 3 to 5 years . 
I think I've lost my allergic tolerance to my cat . Either that or I'm allergic to something in Yakima's air . 
Now I want to find a good hypnotherapist . Apparently synesthesia can be induced by post-hypnotic suggestion . 
Have you ever thought about what someone watching you when you think you're alone would see ? Like , I don't know about anyone else , but I act differently when I'm alone . Someone watching me would probably think I was crazy . 
just had someone call him \master Washington\ " . That was interesting . " 
Apparently bread conducts electricity . I just got a static shock from my sandwich . 
thinks making < PROPMALE > using pepper < PROPFIRST > cheese was a delicious idea . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
I wish I had a better camera - there are some very thin clouds over the < PROPFEMALE > and it's creating an extremely faint circular rainbow around it . 
doesn't love < PROPFIRST > . So there . Not everybody loves < PROPFIRST > . 
Cake mix + Oil + Water + Eggs + Waffle Iron ... Their powers combined , they are wafflecakes ! 
I think I'm losing my voice from laughing too much . 
Facebook has dementia . It just told me there were 18 new posts , so I clicked it and it showed me three . Three that were made back on August 31st and September 1st . 
just got an e-mail saying someone I vaguely used to know was just deployed to Afghanistan . I don't really care , but I read over the list of who else the email was sent to . On that list was < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s . Apparently he felt the need to let < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s know he was in Afghanistan . 
You know ... I've been trying to help Facebook advertise to me . I tell it which ads I don't like , and why . Mafia Wars ads are very repetitive , so I keep marking them as such . Just opened a new < PROPFEMALE > - all three ads were for Mafia Wars . 
I'm not big on Firefox extensions , but I recommend Mouse Gestures Redox . It certainly helps navigate faster . 
If every day of your life was one frame on TV , the average person's life would last six and a half minutes . 
is currently straining butter two coffee filters rubber-banded over two glasses . It's not madness - It's dinner ! 
My cat found a mouse . Other than chasing it , she had no clue what to do with it . 
I wanna be the very best , like no one ever was . 
Thank you for the birthday wishes , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
if you own a DS and want to expand your creative horizons , try Scribblenauts . In addition to being a very nifty game , it forces to to think of creative ways of using things . 
I wish there were a TV channel that played only things that aired in the 1980s . Even the commercials , if possible . I would watch that . 
How strange ... for the last three nights I've had dreams involving girls I've neither seen nor heard from in the last five years . 
My mother has a long and complicated recipe for making good punch . I think I just made something very similar by mixing Kool-Aid and Mountain Dew . 
Is dancing in the kitchen . Or , at least , as close as one can come to dancing while stirring a pot of potato soup and holding a spoon in one's mouth . 
Remind me - why does Seattle have a reputation for being extremely rainy ? Seattle gets an average of 37 inches of rain per year . Mobile , Alabama gets 67 . Seattle doesn't even come close to being in the US top ten - it would need another 21 inches just to tie for tenth place . 
Do you know what happens when you make pudding with butter instead of water ? No ? Well , friend , fifteen minutes ago I was just like you . 
I've decided to give up on my Halloween costume . I don't want to do it half-assed which means it wouldn't be cheap , even with the creative ways I've thought up to cut costs . 
Are we preparing for some kind of peanut butter holocaust ? I found six jars of it in our apartment . 
Do one of you people eat popcorn by touching it with the tip of your tongue instead of using your fingers ? Usually when I have a strange habit it's because I picked it up from someone else . 
I should buy a normal thermometer before I wear out the batteries in my meat thermometer by using it to check the air temperature . 
You know , ever since the Nisqually earthquake in 2001 , whenever I feel suddenly dizzy I always look around to see if things are moving . 
would like to one day share with my own child a late-night snack of peanut butter mixed with sugar . 
Agh , I * hate * it when I dream about my teeth falling out . 
How ironic - I almost just choked on a Lucky Charm . I guess they aren't so lucky when blocking one's windpipe . 
I've been reading Lamebook . I would like to take this opportunity to thank you , my friends , for not being morons like these people . 
I just baked a biscuit with a < PROPFEMALE > bit of < PROPFEMALE > in it . It's delicious . 
is considering watching Twilight for the sole purpose of understanding the jokes he keeps seeing made at it's expense . 
We are all time travelers - just as we can all fly . The trouble lies in our impotent < PROPFEMALE > to do them in the opposite direction of what physics allows . 
During the short-lived hail/lightning storm there was a bright green glow . I want to know what it was . 
just remembered the BFG . 
is finally using his mortar and pestle . Yay ! 
If I owned a tabloid newspaper company , I think as an April Fool's joke I would have to print actual news . 
finally completely deleted his Myspace account . 
actually found an M . Night Shyamalan movie he enjoyed - Lady in the Water . 
Instant Thanksgiving dampener - six hours of power outage . Luckily my family was prepared , and cooked using a generator and a propane grill . 
With a pained gasp , I woke up naturally after only five and a half hours of sleep . It's < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s fault , and has nothing to do with her music . 
wonders what Turkey eggs taste like . 
Writing checks always makes me feel self-conscious because my signature isn't the same every time . I feel like somehow I'm going to get into trouble for it . 
If you ever feel like you're not successful , just remember : The first thing you ever did was win a race against hundreds of millions of opponents . 
One of these days I'm going to learn that curiosity should not lead to shaving . Today is not that day . 
is very imaginitive in bed . 
Dear Internet : I am not a doctor . Please stop giving me information that leads to episodes of hypochondria . 
finally used a brownie recipe he's had for about 15 years . 
Problem : I can never take good pictures of people to use with their phone contacts . Solution : I found images of them on my computer and used the phone to take pictures of the screen . 
I don't really look anything like my father . But when I see videos of myself , I hear his voice . 
This morning Facebook decided I was Greek . My entire login < PROPFEMALE > was in Greek and my main < PROPFEMALE > is asking me if I'd like to switch to \????????\" instead of English . I don't have a clue where it's getting this idea . " 
Is it unusual that if I have an itch on my hand , I tend to use my sandpapery facial stubble to scratch it ? 
I just had an urge to rewrite the entire Lord of the Rings in haiku . I think maybe it's time for bed . 
I'd probably make popcorn more often if I didn't have to eat the entire bag myself . 
I miss my < PROPFEMALE > . 
Lovely . My car won't start . Also , the hood won't open , so I can't even try to see the problem . 
My car problem is turning out to be larger than I thought . Hopefully after I replace a cheap part it'll be fixed . 
Boobinpints . 
I dissected a mouse . Then put it back together . Most of it , anyway . 
Cars Repaired : 0/1 
I wondered what the new Facebook change people were complaining about was . Turns out they just didn't update mine until right now . I don't like it . 
Such a shame . I have so many funny/embarrassing pictures and videos of people but I remember signing a legal document that prohibits me from posting them without consent . 
For days I've had a strong urge to mix chopped pecans and < PROPFEMALE > , and spread it on freshly baked bread . The trouble is ... we don't have pecans , we don't have < PROPFEMALE > , and we don't have bread . 
There once was a girl named < PROPFEMALE > And a bird and a bust and a door And a guy with depression And a whole lot of questions And the bird always says \Nevermore . \"" 
Wow . I'm definitely in the mood to write . I've been doing it for about three hours . 
Just watched Singin ' in the Rain . I've never understood why old films get such amazing ratings . It wasn't bad , and in fact I'm sure it was great when it was made . However , in 2007 the American Film Institute declared it the 5th best movie of all time . I can't see why . Do they try to judge each movie by the standards of its own period ? 
I don't know why , but I really enjoy waltz music . I think the beat timing just appeals to me . 
Dear mold : my windowsill is not the Mushroom Kingdom . It is part of my domain , and you must vacate immediately or face my wrath . 
Never trust a man who puts his words in the mouth of God and says they're absolute truth . - Voltaire 
Interesting ... so having an avatar based on yourself in a game could actually affect you psychologically . Also , is it just me or are this woman's eyes dilated ? 
I think part of the reason I'm not fond of phones is because they're a non-consensual form of comminication . The person who wants to talk to you interrupts whatever you were doing because it's convenient for them . Sure , you could ignore it or turn it off , but people would quickly get annoyed by not being able to contact you when it suits them . 
Cars Repaired : 1/1 
My grandmother didn't have shampoo in her bathroom . I took a < PROPMALE > on an unmarked bottle . I think I washed my hair with hand lotion . 
My aunt thinks I'm closeminded because I don't believe all the \evidence\ " for the world ending in 2012 . " 
The recent wave of forced advertising before online videos is really annoying me . I can no longer watch anything on Youtube because after maybe five seconds of the advertisement there's an error 
Does anyone else find it ironic that people who don't believe in evolution will still insult President Obama by calling him a monkey ? 
New car problem - the button on my gear shifter gets stuck , meaning I have to be careful not to touch the gear shifter while driving . Also , the car won't allow me to remove the key while the button is pressed . Luckily with a little \concussive maintenence\ " the button pops back out . " 
Well , I know one thing I'm going to buy more often when I get a job . Apparently there's a great Chinese place near me with huge portions and free delivery . 
I had an very strong urge to learn French while I was dreaming last night . I wanted to make sure that the next time I had a conversation with an extremely cute French girl I wouldn't have to do it through a translator . ... why was I dreaming I was in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Okay , I'm officially old . I spent all day thinking I was 23 ( I filled out the census this morning ) and just now looked at my calendar from last year and found out I'm 24 . I've been 24 for almost six months . 
I've decided today is mustache day . Today I shall have a mustache . 
I think I've finally figured out why my eye color is so hard to define . It depends on the ambient lighting . Most indoor lights are yellowish , so they appear green . Under white light they appear blue . 
Okay mustache , you had your day . Goodbye . 
What is your most prized possession with little or no real world value ? 
Just drove my mom to the airport . Naturally the one line of my music that was unmistakably clear during a lull in conversation : \You suck so passionately . \"" 
So ... we have healthcare now ? 
Huh . I remember playing doctor as a little kid , but I had no idea until now that the usual definition of kids \playing doctor\ " involves examining each other's genitals . We just tested the knee reflexes and pretended to use stethoscopes . " 
First my car , now my MP3 player . I'm learning to repair things ! ( Sure , it's more jury rigging than actual repairing , but still . ) 
Proof that Yakima is a small town : Running errands , I made five stops . I ran into seven people I knew . Five of them were related to me . 
Nothing as freshly washed as this should smell so much like a wet yak . 
My mother's guest bed has officially spoiled me . Trying to come back and sleep on my own bed is like sleeping on the floor . No wonder other people complain when they try to sleep in my bed . 
More people died in The < PROPFEMALE > Compass than the entire Saw series . 
You should never weigh more than your refrigerator does . 
The trouble with having multiple glasses on your desk is that if you're not paying attention it's easy to mix up the ones for rinsing paintbrushes and the ones for drinking . 
It's important to share things with your friends . The longer you don't , you'll find you have less and less in common with them . Even best friends can fade to aquaintences with enough time . It's no mistake that the person you share the most with is usually your closest friend . 
Why is it that singing in Latin makes everything sound so much more epic ? 
I love installing old games on my computer . It brings up a test < PROPFEMALE > to see if it can handle playing the game . Required : 256 colors . Found : 16 MILLION COLORS 
Oops . I accidentally made almond butter . I'm not sure what to do with it now . ( I was trying to powder some almonds , okay ? Having never done so before I didn't remember the oil would cause this . ) 
Huh . I made up the acronym \MER\ " for my two stories about Mars . Apparently NASA actually uses that acroynm for the Mars rovers . " 
It's amazing how many things you can \find\ " to do when you really need to be doing something else . " 
Grr ! The website I use for sending out resumes recently changed their entire layout , and decided to delete my account while they were at it . I've been trying to use their new format and it's not nearly as good . I started sending resumes to myself to see why I wasn't getting any sort of response and found the e-mails have severe formatting problems . 
is distorting spacetime . 
In satisfying my late-night sweet tooth I think I'm halfway to creating a great recipe for no-bakes . 
\Mothers are people who love you even when you pull their hair . \"" 
I don't know why I keep checking out books that are written in verse when I know from several experiences that they don't hold my attention well enough for me to actually enjoy them . 
Misses having daily instant message conversations . Contrary to popular belief I actually do like talking - I just prefer nonvocal methods . 
We went to a restaurant supply store today , and I found gallon jugs of food coloring . You have no idea how much I want to throw one into a swimming pool . 
Sometimes I have to stop and laugh at the realization of how ridiculous something I was doing would look to an outside observer . 
I'm in Yakima for a week or two . If you are also in Yakima and want to do something , let me know . 
By the way , there's a section of I-90 that has deep grooves . With a decently hard rain , they stay filled with enough water to cause hydroplaning . Cruise control does not like hydroplaning . 
When are we going to stop having a common senseless attitude toward rules/laws ? Some third grade girl was given a week of detention for possessing a Jolly Rancher . 
Apparently thinking about < PROPFEMALE > Trek holodecks can cause interesting dreams . I went skydiving in a boat . 
Some people loudly disagree with their televisions when referees make incorrect calls during sports games . I disagree with the television when the History channel gets their facts wrong . Yes , I am a nerd . 
I wasn't so annoyed I'd probably be laughing - The one time I have ever needed a corkscrew ( trying to open a bottle of sea salt ) and I don't have one in my pocket because I switched keychains before coming to Yakima . 
Search results sure are confusing if you accidentally misspell \harm\ " as \ " ham\ " . Sites involving meat weren't quite what I was looking for . " 
Blast , my computer's DVD burner has kicked the bucket again . I have to admit , though , that of the hardware that could fail I'm glad it was something so non-essential . 
Tra la la - Don't mind me , I'm just filling this blender with cookies . 
Well that was weird . One of my eyelashes fell out - and lodged in my tear duct . Whenever I blinked it would scratch my eye , causing me to need to blink again . 
After thorough testing , I have determined that television is evil . 
I just had a small revelation . I think the reason cooking appeals to me so much is because if you get your hands dirty you can lick them clean . No wonder I love baking but hate cooking meat . 
is back home in Seattle and finally made it through a number of computer problems . 
Alright ! Now that I'm back home from Yakima , it's time to go to ... Yakima ! 
My cat just brougt home her first dead mouse . I found it by stepping on it . 
Ugg ... my stomach is telling me that < PROPMALE > Grey and Muddy Buddies do not mix . Perhaps I shouldn't have made them my dinner . 
has been resupplied with another 20 ounces of Sculpey for only $2 . Hooray for yardsales ! 
Well , hello 6:00 . Long time no see . 
Blechhh ... try not to eat things that taste like potpourri . 
is in Yakima again . My roommate felt the need to point out to me that I do , in fact , live in Seattle . 
Apparently my mother just bought a car . And a truck . 
OUCH ! Ow ow ow ow ow . Well , the mouse trap works . 
Here comes the heat - temperatures in most parts of Washington are expected to increase by about twenty degrees in the next two days . I guess I'd better hurry up in getting the pool ready for swimming . 
just had a slight George-Michael Bluth moment . 
baked a cake , then tossed it into a bowl and mashed it with a fork . It looks like chocolate mashed potatoes . 
Sometimes you just have to suck it up , and fondle the Devil's Balls . 
Checking the ratings on IMDb , I've found that each movie M . Night Shyamalan has directed since \The Sixth Sense\ " has been worse than the last . When are people going to figure this out and stop watching them ? " 
is eating Oreos dipped in homemade whipped cream . 
Someone else's cat has repeatedly entered my mother's house and attacked my declawed cat . I'm not a cruel person , but if I see that little bastard again I'm spraying it with pepper spray . 
I own a coffee maker . I don't drink coffee . Is there any reason replacing the usual coffee grounds with tea leaves wouldn't work ? 
Apparently I was given a food grinder at my first birthday party , almost 24 years ago . I wonder what happened to it . 
The only way to get < PROPMALE > quick is to rip off other people trying to get\ 
< PROPMALE > quick by offering them some non-working way to get < PROPMALE > \ 
quick . 
You know you're a video gamer when something goes wrong in your dream and you decide the best way to make it right is to drive off the nearest < PROPMALE > and drown . 
How odd . One of my tie-dyed shirts is missing . In its place I found a different one I'd forgotten I made . 
? ??? ???????????? ????. 
Wait ... the war with Iraq finally ended ? How is this not < PROPMALE > news ? 
just met a spider that had the courtesy to trap itself in a plastic container . 
< PROPFIRST > just bit the dust . 
Today was a bad car day . Someone egged mine this morning , and a little while ago I went to try and start it , and there's an electrical short or something because it was acting like it had a dead battery until I locked the door . 
Went to the library today . They had set up some \Police Line - Do Not Cross\ " tape in one of the sections . Behind it ? Twilight . " 
Thanks for the birthday well-wishings . 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World . It is pure distilled amazing . 
Wow . I just bombed a phone interview with flying colors . It's amazing how much you can forget when nervousness sets in . 
I'd have better control of my life if it were WASD . 
If all else fails , Murphy's Law applies . 
My beautiful monitor just died . Its three year warranty expired about two weeks ago . 
Who can take a whiteboard - < PROPFEMALE > it on the wall - hit it with a hammer ; interrupt a conference call ? The handy-man can - the handy-man can . 
I'm not sure what I made for dinner , but somehow Tabasco sauce mixed with < PROPFEMALE > syrup seemed like the right thing to dip it in . 
It's bad enough that a former failed vice-presidential candidate is still considered news . Now her formerly embarrassingly pregnant teenage daughter is newsworthy too ? 
I have a sudden urge to teach camp songs . 
In the world , there are approximately 2 billion internet users . One quarter of them have Facebook accounts . 
Using my computer again feels like using someone else's computer . I imagine I'll be having a rough night of sleeping in my own bed tonight . 
can't stop imagining a piñata filled with baby tarantulas . 
The box said 14-16 pancakes . It made 4 . 
Okay , I think that's enough snow frolicking to warrant hot cocoa . 
Happy gluttony day , everyone ! 
Dammit Wikipedia , I only wanted to look up one thing . Six pages later I realized my dinner was burning . 
Pizza for breakfast ; pizza for dinner - my stomach's a loser but my tongue is the winner . 
I have a history of making very large biscuits , but tonight I've really outdone myself . I made just made two - the smaller of which is 13\X9 \"" 
Bwahahaha ! I've done it ! The ticking is finally gone ! 
Just over a year ago I learned that curiosity shouldn't lead to shaving . ( My feet ) I'm very close to testing if the same applies to boredom . ( My head ) 
I finally found a short film I've wanted to see again for the last 18 years - thanks YouTube ! 
Friends are worth keeping : embalm them ! 
Now I know why my windowsill is made of tiles . Seattle is so moist that I just found a pool of water there . 
Does anyone from West Valley know what happened to < PROPFIRST > Hillbery ? ( Other than the obvious \He died . \")" 
Well that was scary . Took off a bandage and shortly afterward started feeling very strange ... tried checking my pulse and couldn't find one . Feeling okay now , though . 
I feel like I just lost a fist fight . By the way , there's a place in Bellvue with trampoline floors and walls . 
Oh Stumbleupon , why are you trying to kill me with delicious food ? 
Silly genealogy . I can't figure out whether the current White House Chief of Staff is my second cousin or not . How many < PROPFIRST > E . Daleys could there have been in Illinois a century ago ? 
I suddenly realized I've never turned in dimes at a bank . I've been collecting them since I was a child . Counted them up so I'd know how many paper rolls to get ... and found I have $56 in dimes . 
