Going Boating ! 

is home . 
is Bored Now . 
has finally gotten her new laptop !!! 
Is no longer sick ... and has soup belly ! 
I have Swine Flu ... This Sucks ! 
Outside my window there is currently something or someone making circus noises , and a car alarm and police sirens are going off . My Nyquil is starting to kick in so it feels like that whacked out scene in Dumbo ... This is all after two and a half hours at the DMV earlier . 
We just had a fire drill in the dorm . Guess who was the lucky person IN the shower was ? 
I hate having to fast prior to blood tests . Especially when the appointment isn't until 1:30 . 
My house got hit by lightening- again . When I was home alone- again . This time though it didn't short out the TVs , Computers , and Radios . This time the lightening took out the air-conditioning . In the Summer . IN FLORIDA !!! 
Finally used my web-cam thing-a-ma-bob , check out the new pic of < PROPFIRST > , age 19 . Who had someone ask if she was 15 today . I'm gonna end up being carded when I 30 aren't I ? 
I'm currently trying not to squeal like a 13 year old girl meeting < PROPMALE > Bloom . 
I miss my friends who are currently all around the world ! Especially those who are really far away right now ! 
Everyone , comment and say what city and country your in ! 
The UCF Math and Physics building was just evacuated for 25 minutes , searched by cops for 5 minutes , and cleared . Guess I have Calculus after all ... 
Remember ... 
Root Beer Floats are made of win ! 
I think my upstairs neighbors are currently practicing for River Dance . That or they listen to weirder music then I do ( and I listen to traditional < PROPFEMALE > Folk Music , circa pre-1750 , on occasion ) when they're throwing a party ... 
Final Exams Are Over !!! 
Home for the holidays ! Hooray ! 
Good news everyone , my ankle is not broken ! Just badly sprained ! For full details ( aka me b*tching about it ) read my note , \Why is it always me ? \ " Hope everyone else's New Year is going better than mine so far ! " 
Good News ! With the new ankle brace I can now take a few steps , so no longer am I Hoppy-Girl , now I am Hobble-Girl !!! 
