Today was an amazing day , one which I could not be more grateful for , oh wait , yes I could ... I can stop getting annoyed that my internet is faster on my prepaid virgin mobile phone than on my computer at home ! word of advice to everyone , if you are poor and can not afford anything other than dial up , get off your lazy butt and go to the library , trust me , it's not worth the headache , lmao 

... nah but for real , i couldn't ask for a better day . Miracles happend all over the world August 2nd 2010 , and one miracle was blessed upon my family . ( no , im not talking about me , c'mon now , I need all of you to stop for a moment , get up off your knees and think of someone other than me , you can go back to worshiping me tomorrow , LOL ) . 
When you wake up every morning remember that we are put through trials in our life , not to break us , but to make us stronger . Always keep your head up and stay positive , and miracles , like the one with my uncle , can happen everyday . i love u all . 
everyone say a prayer for my grandpa . he is being admitted to trident hospital . 
i feel like my life is going in a million different directions , rather im being pulled in different directions . Every one needs to calm theirselves and realize that , yes , I am wanted and needed by everyone else too , so does this mean im perfect ? i think so . feel free to comment , i love peoples feedback . lmao . i need sleep . 
really . that is all . go back to what you were doing . 
TGIF ! so ready for the weekend to be here . 
she is driving me mad . i gotta < PROPFEMALE > in there . any suggestions how ???????????? 
i wanna go fishing . :( 
errr drivers piss me off . no need to be so damn rude . 
not a good day at all . 
is thankful my boss bought me lunch ! i was starrrvinngg . 
TGIF fo real !! 
is getting the < PROPFEMALE > of the trucking business . 
i dont wanna close my eyes . the circle of life sucks monkey butt , and why does it seem to be human nature to remember our worst living nightmares so vividly ? bleh . i wanna happy pill . lol . just kidding mom ! my happy pill be guitar hero these days ... let me fall asleep with the guitar in my hand and have precious dreams of being a rockstar ! lmao . yeh rite ! if only . im rambling . think im lonely . every1 
i need to go back to work , tis my escape . 
my head hurts . 
head still hurts . lol . 
oh happy happy friday ! yay . 
omgggg im sooo slammed at work . dunno how im < PROPFEMALE > gonna catch up . blahhh 
nutin but pure kraziness . 
can't focus . hm . 
cant stay focused and is being invaded by < PROPFEMALE > little fuckers called ants at my new castle ! they shall enjoy their last day on earth , because tonight , I FIGHT BACK DAMNIT ! 
is extremely grateful my wonderful cousin sent me to work with a fabulous lunch ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ~ your lasagna kicks < PROPMALE > ass ! Thank you ! 
oh happy day ! tis be friday ! 
< PROPFEMALE > monday ! bring on the weekend ! :) 
and the countdown continues ... and YAY I DIDN'T scew up at work like everyone thought ! HA i got this ! 
go thrashers ! the blue jackets going down on tuesday ! i feel it ! GO KANE # 9 , that my boy right there !!!!!! 
let's go thrashers , LET'S GO ! 
boooooo for no cable , i wanna watch my boyz kick some serious ass . i neeedddd to watch my hockey damn it . :) any ideas ??????????? 
When I see your face\ 
There's not a thing that I would change\ 
Cause you're amazing\ 
Just the way you are\ 
And when you smile , \ 
The whole world stops and stares for awhile\ 
Cause girl you're amazing\ 
Just the way you are 
k , so my boyz have a game tonight , wish i could be there to cheer ya'll on , but I KNOW my boy will kick some serious A$$ ! go #9 , KANE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
we were just warming up last night .. FEAR NOT , the Hurricanes will fall this saturday , fall right on their ass ! HA ! GO THRASHERS ! 
it's 5oclock ... time for street to rock !! yeah ! its friiidayyy . tomorrow night it's so on against the Hurricanes . My boys r gonna kick some ass ! i can feel it . GO THRASHERS ! 
K , well tonight definately it will be on for sure . My boys put up a good fight on saturday night it looks like .. we are just warming up is all . You watch , tonight thrashers will kick some ass . :) 
RAWWRRRR ! went to grab lunch and i'm soaking wet . :( 
damnit to hell , c'mon guys ! what the hell are ya'll doing out there ? 3 games in a row you've lost ! gotta be warming up for the season , right ??? hope we will make it to the playoffs this year ! 
had a moment of missing the ass holes in my recent past , but quickly realized what I have now .. so now i'm like , what the hell was I thinking ?? oh right , I wasn't thinking , my bad . 
la la la ... laaaa .... laaaaaa .... what's a goon to a goblin .... nauthing nauthing !!!!!!!!!!!!! HA . im in a weird mood . hmmm ... what shall we play to today brain ... the same thing we do everyday pinky .... TRY AND TAKE OVER THE WORLLDDDD . muuuhahahaha . :-) it's almost friday ... i need a break . 
bleh . absolutely nothing is on my mind . i wish this box would quit pressuring me to write about what's on my mind . :-/ 
people suck . i hate that people have the ability to hurt you so fucking bad . 
has decided to let go and move on 100% , not 99.8% but a full 100% . I'm so done . 
my foootttt hurts . booooooooooooooo . 
it shall be a better day today . :) 
la la la ... today is friday ... la la ti da ... it's the last day of the work week ... ti da la la ... do you like my song ?? if not , i don't care , cuz it's the weekend ! yay . i'm gonna have a guitar hero nite tonight with Hauni and jam out alllllll night long . :) i can't wait ! It's gonna be a GREAT night !!!! HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE ! 
k , forgive me i'm super wired , had a good breakfast and already on my second monster engergy drink ! yay ! la la la , i'm bout to break out in song , if u dont like it , i don't care . hey u know that song i don't care by apocolyptica ? AMAZING ! k , i done for now . you may continue with your daily activities . I shall call upon you before the day is out once more before the day is out i am certain of it . bye my worshipers ! 
fb sux , took me 10 minutes to take my last post and make it 420characters or less ... silly monkey butts ! you should let me say EVERYTHING I WANT TO DAMNIT ! rawwwrrrr . that is all . continue with your day . :) 
good afternoon my loyal subjects : wish you all a wonderful weekend and a happy friday . be good , stay strong and we shall continue my master plan on monday to conquer the world . rest up , for you will need it . that is all . you may continue what you were doing . 
so let us conquer the world today my loyal followers . i do not enjoy being broke so i need you all to work double time . rawr , 
is thinking about Hauni , I remember my first practical in College , I was scared shitless ... It's like I can feel how nervous she is !!! I just know she will do fabulous though ! 
I can not stand feeling that someone is trying to stab me in the back for my good doings ... but can't help but to feel this way because of my past . atleast i see it this time ? idk . 
HA i made a new friend , his name is Monki . He shall be my friend forever and ever and it will be awesome , so BAM ! HA . :) 
OMG , TIS TIME FOR THE BEERS OR SOMEONE TO PULL THE TRIGGER , THESE PHONES WILL NOT STOP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
and i have a spiftacular new phone ! so yeah ! HA 
Muuuuhahahaha i now have fb mobile for real wit a kewl phone . 
k just figured out what monki is ... he is a giant silk worm ... look at what is he going to turn into ... he is gonna be GORGEOUS !!!!!!! im so excited . 
is stuck in my head . help help help im trapped . 
wants to wonder why god choose me to be strong enough to just walk away ? 
i figured it all out this morning on the way to work ... why i was choosen . I'm going to start a riot . Let's bring the shyt down before it starts ! Who is with me ?? 
is finally at home . 
dreams dreams go away . come back how about NOT another day . :) 
my head is pounding and i can't see strait ! rawr , i HAVE to get my work done ! 
cant stand people , going home , locking the door and not going to open it until monday morning . i'm so freaking fed up with it all . errrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
K ... i've clamed down a bit , so happy friday . 
i is sick of my head hurting . it is throbbing so bad today , all i wanna do is sleep . 
and Ms. < PROPFEMALE > has returned ! 
like a g6 , like a g6 , now im feelin so fly like a g6 ...... what the hell is a g6 ? my goodness . 
when i close my eyes all i see is you 
I put my thoughts out here on the internet thinking that you can hear them . 
Time heals , time congeals around us\ 
Endless hours of wasted moments\ 
Understanding , not demanding\ 
Your eyes tell what you feel inside 
You took my hand\ 
You showed me how\ 
You promised me you'd be around\ 
You promised me you'd be around ... \ 
I wish I could touch you again\ 
I wish I could still call you friend\ 
I'd give anything\ 
... \ 
And time makes\ 
It harder\ 
I wish I could remember\ 
But I keep\ 
Your memory\ 
You visit me in my sleep\ 
My darling 
I wish I could still call you friend 
dogs are a good judge of character . always remember , if your dog doesn't like someone , there is a good reason even if you are too blind to see it . 
cant stand certain people , wish they would stop getting underneath my skin , cuz i'm gonna snap here in a minute . and i didnt get my raise . damn it to hell . victory is not mine today . 
counting to 10 before i snap , 5 times in english , 5 times in spanish , 10 times in french , 10 times in < PROPMALE > , and 10 times in latin ... NOPE , still severely irritated . tgif . bring on the budlight . 
rawr , wtfe 
wonders if i'll ever have a fishing < PROPMALE > again . 
not a happy camper . :( 
bout to leave work and be on my way to hotlanta ! 
Okay youre a goon whats a goon to a goblin , nathing nathin you aint scarin nathing . 
In < PROPFEMALE > ... Now that its illegal to txt and drive im . Gonna be bored ... Boooooo 
Haaa less than 100 < PROPMALE > to go . 
Coming back to charleston , on the road again ..... Yayyyy . Omg this trip gave me the best news ever ! Im DONE !!!!!!! Freedom !!!! 
im back in charleston , back in my routine , but this time having nothing hanging over my head ! SOUTHSIDE CAN KISS MY ASS , I NEVER HAVE TO GO BACK ! HELL TO THE YEAH ! 
is burning up . 
RAWR , FML 
people need to grow up and realize the universe does not revovle around them , don't get mad at me for something that is crawling up your ass and dying . and honestly , stop trying to get to me , cuz it ain't never gonna happen . 
is starting to realize i don't do well with groups . i prefer one on one . 
dont you love it when you walk into a room , voices quiet down , people are looking at you , then chuckle and say we'll talk later ... hmm , gee , wonder who they was talking about . 
Playing guitar hero with my bestest friend in the whole wide world , having an amazing night just being me . :) cant wait to go see my parents and bubba !!! 
HaPpY tUrKeY day !!! 
­Happy Turkey day everyone . Notice it does not say happy ham day ... so let us not go into dinner eating that of which is not turkey . Let us put everything 
Who'd ever thought that i would see this day\ 
\ 
Where i would see my ghetto life fade away\ 
Cos i was lost and couldn't find a way\ 
and now i look forward to every day 
is getting very fucking pissed off at ignorant people very quickly ! 
im so deleting my facebook . 
... and now i look forward to every day 
imma go huntin and kill me a fly . watch me . 
Let's waste time\ 
Chasing cars\ 
Around our heads\ 
I need your grace\ 
To remind me\ 
To find my own\ 
If I lay here\ 
If I just lay here\ 
Would you lie with me and just forget the world ? 
cant decide which negative emotion i am feeling . but no matter what i do , today , i am filled with ' em . 
bookssss are insanely expensive . good thing i only have to buy my math book , the rest of ' em hauni is gonna let me borrow , thank gawd ! 
rawr rawr like a dungeon dragon !!!!!!!!! 
i have to pee like something bad and our water is frozen at the office ! damnit to hell , victory shall not be mine today . :D 
tis gonna be a long three weeks , but i shall get through it . It might get lonely , but tis a test , one of the many I have been put through this year , My last test of the year , I shall pass it with flying colors ! 
rawr rawr im starting to feel like a dungeon dragon ! 
hmmm . :-/ 
just bleh . wtfe 
errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
is going absolutely insane . 
the time has come to CELEBRATE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
bah fucking humbug 
is ready . 
is sleepy and hurting . boo . 
moms < PROPMALE > n cheese mmm the best ever ! thanks mom for sending me back to charleston with left overs ! :) 
rawwrr :) 
I dig my toes into the sand . \ 
The ocean looks like a thousand diamonds strewn across a blue blanket . \ 
I < PROPFEMALE > against the wind , pretend that i am weightless and in this moment i am happy 
isn't having a good day . 
they are closing in , i feel so suffocated 
is choosing not to react . \ 
i could just really use a wish right now . 
needs to escape my head . 
am i wrong ? i thought i was doing what was asked of me , and now it's all gone to shit . 
is feeling anxious . 
And I just can't keep living this way\ 
So starting today , I'm breaking out of this cage\ 
I'm standing up , I'ma face my demons\ 
I'm manning up , I'ma hold my ground\ 
I've had enough , now I'm so fed up\ 
Time to put my life back together right now ! 
feels so alone . 
... Time to put my life back together right now ! 
all i wanna do is curl up and cry . im done for the day . 
is dispatchin today . yay . :) im kinda diggin dispatchin ' 
now im feelin so fly like a g6 . 
is even more nervous about school . i logged on to my d2l today and i have NO CLUE ! im so dead ! I might have a < PROPMALE > thanks to Hauni tho . :) 
i don't know if i can do this . im going to be late for my first day of fucking school because city guys fuck around all damn day and dont get my boxes out . im PISSED . 
Apparently I over react and stress out to the fullest extent , last night I made it to my seat in class with one minute to spare ! Thank goodness ! It feels good to be back in school 
Hauni makes AMAZING hamburgers !!!! very thankful she made me dinner last night ! Left overs are WONDERFUL ! Thank you Hauni !!!!!!!!!!! 
drivers are killin it i tell you . KILLING IT ! rather , me ! 
is grateful for the people in my life . :) 
here we go again .... i have to pee like bad , and works pipes are frozen ... again . damn it . : -l 
OMG my ear hurts !!!!!! SOMEONE PLEASE MAKE IT STOP ! 
is mentally , physically and emotionally exhausted . as of 1pm this afternoon i went on what i consider to be autopilot , and here shall i remain until further notice . im just sick of all of it . 
today is better . :) 
gots a weird feelin . 
cant do a damn thing right today . 
ever feel like u just wanna be as free as a butterfly ? 
can we pretend airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? 
is over analyzing life again . i need to chill the hell out . lol . 
okay , so check it yo ' , the wind here in CHS is so strong our work trailer is shaking , it feels like its gonna tip right over , lmao . 
Want you to make me feel like I'm the only girl in the world\ 
Like I'm the only one that you'll ever love\ 
Like I'm the only one who knows your heart ..... 
imma do me . 
:-\\ 
thinks too much . 
So this driver is in here going off about religion and race and i must say he is severely misinformed . Im so thankful phoenix high school taught me to THINK outside the box . I'm soooo staying out of this one , IDIOT . IGNORANCE PISSES ME OFF . 
I fly with the stars in the skies , \ 
I am no longer trying to survive , \ 
I believe that life is a prize , \ 
But to live doesn't mean you're alive\ 
~ nicki manaj 
* sighs * :-\\ 
feels lost . 
trying not to take things so damn personal today , but it isn't working . 
is sick and tired of being a doormat . I'm so done . 
* sighs * needs to get over it . 
is xcited . 
FML ! DRIVERS SUCK AND EVERYONE CAN KISS MY ASS TODAY . 
lma , walmart makes zero since . so my laptop and printer were in < PROPFIRST > , sc ..... NOW it has arrived to the delivery facility in Hope Mills , NC ! wtf dude . lmao . ummm i livvveee in SC . why would they take it out of the state , just to bring it back , can we say noootttttttt earth friendly , geee whizzzzzz . 
Yeah I wanna feel the sunshine shining down on me and you\ 
When you put your arms around me\ 
You let me know theres nothing in this world I can't do\ 
I wanna love somebody , love somebody like you . :D and i do . :D lol . 
is loving my new laptop ! its sooooo amazzzing . :D THANK YOU DADDY !!!!! 
And I’ll take off my halo , if you take off your wings\ 
You don’t have to be invincible cause I sure ain’t no saint\ 
You’ll always be my angel no matter what you do\ 
Cause you take me to heaven just by being you . 
absolutely nothing . 
is going to buy a blood orange tree . 
pretty sad when im the only one that posts on my profile , lmao . good thing im an intravert . 
HaPpY hUmP hUmP dAy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I HATE SC PORTS . DUMB-ASSES ! 
' it's whatever ' 
\Here we go 
spent the coolest day ever yesterday with my dad and hauni . had an amazing time and will < PROPFEMALE > the time spent forever and ever ! dad , you are the GREATEST ! 
Hey everyone , friend of mine is doing a statistics project , need some stats , please help and ask people you know and post in this feed if you don't mind .. How much money do you spend on average for Christmas Day and what is your age range ? Thank you ! 
rawr . i is stuffy and freezing and want to go to bed ! 
its 4:20 , on a friday , and i'm actually done with my work for the day , i can't believe it . 
pInEaPpLe 
weird how something so silly can make you smile . 
how many times in one day must i tell < PROPFEMALE > to quit licking the damn walls . my cat is a weirdo . 
frown is a four letter word . HA ! 
Frog my life . 
it's not okay anymore . 
