Why is < PROPFEMALE > Kern still alive ? 

is in need of something to put on his Dining Room wall ; any ideas ? 
is What You Crave ! 
Ordered my bigscreen . YAY !!!! 
Watching a Blu-ray movie on my 27 in . standard definition TV , since my HDTV does not arrive for another 2 weeks . 
Ohh , how I love digital audio from my PC . :) 
OMG , this match is amazing . Turn on CBS now if you care about tennis ! 
OMG , this is so great , I love TENNIS !!!!! 
That was beyond entertaining , WOW ! What an upset . 
YAY , limited Signature Edition of Windows® 7 Ultimate is on the way ! Thank you Microsoft for the great gift . 
is not wanting to be patient . :) 
I needed chapstick and reached for my iPhone . I guess I've convinced my mind it can do anything . 
Being sent home from work early . This is a serious storm . 
My life is busy . :) 
I've never needed time to myself ; I don't see the appeal . 
Holiday work night out !!! I love working with fun people ( drunks ) . 
In a limo heading to new years at the bars !?!? Helll yeah ! 
I am having a really shitty day . 
I think I make things hard for myself on purpose . What's easy is never what I want it seems . It's worth it though ! It's like playing the lottery ; hopefully I win big . ;) 
Definetely unexpected , but looking forward to < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
OMG , I have not received an e-mail in over an hour ! Usually I get one every 5 < PROPFEMALE > . 
Staff meeting cancelled today ! This is such an amazing week so far ! 
Well , they caught the guy who robbed me . It was my neighbor . Such a shame . 
I'm just a 5 hour drive away ! It's gonna be amazing ! 
Initial bid in on my first home !!! 
This buying a home thing is killing me . But on a happy note ; are you enjoying your spring break ? 
My CRC weekend starts in 37 < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Club twoonefive is once again changing it's name . It is becoming CLBtwoonefve and going underground . Don't try to find us , we'll find you . 
I can't wait to go home and fall asleep . I'm soooooo tired . 
Who wants to see the Glee spring premiere episode with me next week instead of the week after ?! It is showing on 4/8 in a theatre near me for < PROPFEMALE > at 7:30 pm . 
1-3 hours till I get to leave . I'm so hoping it is 1 ! 
OMG , could this day BE going any slower ? 
Yay , I'm out ! 
I just got my < PROPFEMALE > approval and closing date confirmed . This is really real ! I'll be a homeowner next Friday ! 
This is a blah blah blah day . I need more emotional stimulation . Luckily , I'm patient . 
I just want to take all the people I care about , get them in a room , and plan out how we can all get to where we want to be in life . How hard could that be ? 
I'm a homeowner !!!! 
I can't wait to go home , to MY home , but it sure is a mess . 
I really can't wait for the August Avatar re-release in theatres . 
It's time to make some changes . I need to be me all the time . 
Ok , this is really odd . I totally am < PROPMALE > . < PROPFIRST > , check , < PROPFEMALE > , check , < PROPFEMALE > , check , girl with belly button ring , check . Ok , so now I wait for the angry british chick and then marry her . 
Dare I say it ... yep ! This will be the best summer ever ! 
I don't like artificial sweeteners . They leave a bad taste in my mouth . 
Iron Man 2 was amazing !!! For everybody seeing it , and you all should , make sure to stay after the credits . 
WTF was I doing ? Everybody else was right . 
So , it has happened twice now . I wonder if I have learned my lesson . 
I'm starting to feel like a crazy person . 
I went home for lunch and left my phone there . I have never been seperated from my iPhone before . I feel like a piece of me is missing . I'm not sure how to function . 
My iPhone and I are reunited . That was a hard 3 hours . 
Playing < PROPFEMALE > Trek scene it and falling in love with < PROPFEMALE > Trek again . I hope < PROPFIRST > will enjoy all the < PROPFEMALE > Trek . :/ 
Some people are just more important . 
Who would like to come over tomorrow night for a fabulous dinner prepared by an award ( that he made himself ) winning chef ? It may require a litttle < PROPMALE > labor . ;) 
This could be the craziest weekend ever . The whole weekend downtown with 2 parties tonight and < PROPFEMALE > Hour tomorrow night , all without coming home . Ohh yeah , < PROPFIRST > , I'll let you know about tomorrow in a bit , lol . 
I'm happy ... and hungry , lol . 
This is a marvelous day . I wonder if it can get better ! 
Making my first ribs ever . They are expecting greatness . 
My < PROPFEMALE > is really low now . I know this is not right . 
I guess I'm wasting my time . I have some thinking to do . 
I'm sooo hungry . That's what I get for not eating lunch . 
I am over the < PROPFEMALE > excited about the iPhone 4 !!! Jobs ' keynote was stupendous . 
Does anybody have an ATT upgrade available between now and 6/24 they they are not using , or would prefer to be paid handsomely for for me to use ? I'm quite serious . 
I'm forever yours , faithfully . 
I haven't had a day this great in a while . 
Please don't get sick . Please don't get sick . Please don't get sick . 
If I could kick my own ass I would . Ugh ! 
I stole 20 fucking minutes from myself . So upset . 
Really , now an accident ?!?! Not me , somebody else . 
Your love , your love , your love is my drug . 
Truthiness . 
Had an amazing weekend ! Now to survive a hectic 4 day week followed by my birthday celebration this thursday at the Cactus . I have a feeling this weekend will be amazing as well ! 
I've given in . Episode 1 of True Blood done , lol . A few more will be watched tonight . :) 
So , here I go again . Who would prefer to have money\ 
instead of their ATT upgrade ? All it would take is you using it for an\ 
iPhone 4 , having it sent to me , and you'll make money on the deal ! 
About to watch Toy Story 3 !!! 
Toy Story 3 was amazing ! It may have even have been the best of the three . I definetely cried more during it than any previous pixar film , and they always make me cry . Pixar is genius . 
Taking a shower , because I don't know what else to do . 
Cactus tonight !!! \ 
\ 
Btw , anybody planning on being there around 10 that has a pink cup I can borrow for the night ? :) 
Can't stop smiling . I love it ! 
I must have done something right . 
iOS 4 is amazing ! Multitasking , orientation lock , automatic location based services , spell check , faster camera , folders , SMS character count , and threaded e-mail . 
I really like to be able to count on people . I just wish there were more people to count on . 
The Windows Live Essentials Beta release today is big ! I'm excited . Maybe I'll finally put pictures up on Facebook if Windows does it for me . 
Why do I always want more ? I need to be happy with what I have right now , and I'm pretty frickin happy ! 
Leaving work now !!! Love leaving early ! 
I think no matter how old we get we still tend to act drunker than we are . Maybe it's just more fun . 
Facebook asks me what's on my mind . Well , you're always on my mind . ;) 
I feel 
I thought I liked crying , but not like this . 
It is a lovely morning . I plan to be very productive today . 
In the theatre about to see Eclipse !!!!!!! 
Seeing < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > live !!!!!! He is amazing !!!! 
Apple is #1 !!!!!!! \ 
... in vendors with the most vulnerabilities in their products . oops , lol 
So much to do before leaving for Convention on Wednesday . I have 100+ 2010 Convention mixes to burn ! 
The 2010 DLP Convention Mix is complete . 
How does a black dress belt go missing ? Damn , now I have to buy a new one . 
clbtwoonefve , formally Club TwoOneFive , will be re-opening in < PROPMALE > , OH tonight with a new name . Stay tuned . 
Club 7ONE8 is now open ! \ 
We are also under new ownership . Well , not all new , I'm still here ! ;) 
Forever smiling . :) 
There must be something in the water . 
For the first time ever . It's time to go home . 
My profile pic is annoying me . 
Life does not scare me . Life without meaning does . 
Dignity , always dignity . 
Thank you to all that made it to my housewarming . It really was a blast . Yes , I overbought , so I need to throw another party soon ! I'm thinking Mid-October . :) 
Omg , warm vanilla sugar bath , good wine , amazing music . This evening is spectacular . 
I am too gay to function right now . 
California gays playing in boystown . I'm so fucking happy . 
\the only language I can pray in is ? \ " \ 
\There you are Peter . \"" 
The weather is amazing today . Is Fall here ? I think I'm going to do something for the first time ever when I get home . I'd tell you what it is , but you wouldn't believe me . lol 
I just bought Yahtzee . Yeah , it's the < PROPFEMALE>'s fault . :) 
\I'll be damned . Maybe God loves fags . \"" 
Updated iPhone FB app with Places is available for download ! 
Ahh , stuck in a training class all morning with a dead phone . Finally I've been re-connected with the world . 
Now , my weekend bag is missing . It must be in the same mystery place as my black dress belt . I wonder what else is in that bag . 
So you ' mo like a shaeman , in a Sunday hat ? 
Blah blah , vampire emergency , blah . 
Snooki is right . The lesbian rate is totally going up because guys don't know how to deal with women . Lol 
Watching The Blind Side . This movie is so touching . < PROPFEMALE > Bullock is spectacular . 
Who has not seen Avatar ? Don't you dare lie to me ! 
For all the people to wonder what it is that is so amazing about the CD experience and just download music now ... Teenage Dream actually smells like cotton < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Was just on the phone with my iHome vendor for 1.5 hours . That was painful . Please let this day end . 
It's hard getting off my all carb diet . Luckily this will be healthier . Now I understand what I'm eating . 
Ronnie/Sam , I don't know who to be sorry for !?! 
The first bar to install iPhone charging stations has my business . 
What can you do when somebody wants to hate you ? Nothing it seems . When loving them more than life itself , and proving that every moment possible isn't enough , there must not be hope . The delusions in their mind will always be stronger . 
Hmm , contemplating a nap . 
Work is so serious . It's nice when you find something to just laugh at . 
2 Days !!! 
Apple TV , do I need you ? No , but you are quite amazing . What a huge hit you will be because all the Apple addicts in this world will see $99 dollars and will be unable to resist , even if they don't need it . 
In the end we have those precious actions . The sad part is people only let certain ones actually speak , while stifling the others who were actually screaming . 
No Peacock , so Teenage Dream . :( 
Just got caught up ; I guess I missed a lot over the weekend . Some decisions you just want to be wrong about . Sucks to be right sometimes . 
What should I do Friday night ? I'm up for bouncing around Indiana and Illinois this weekend . I have Saturday afternoon and evening in West Lafayette at least . 
How do I survive another hour ? :( 
I think I'm at the point where I can open a liquor store . Just added 6 fifths of rum and 3 cases of beer to my already crazy stash . You will not want to miss my party next month ! 
Just updated the Party detail . That took a while , lol . 
Sister < PROPFEMALE > - This Kind of Love\ 
This song is OMGSFA !!! 
Special , Deluxe , Exclusive , + Bonus Tracks ... on CDs get me every time . The problem is that there isn't one version with everything . You need to buy a CD multiple times to get it all ! :/ Well , this time I'm not giving in . Yes , I won't buy the standard edition of Maroon : Hands All Over for 9.99 , but I will buy the deluxe version with 5 bonus tracks for 12.99 , thus skipping the Target only version with a DVD for 15.99 . 
OMG ! OMG !! OMG !!! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > - < PROPFEMALE > Christmas II NOV 2nd Could I BE more excited ?!?!?!?!?! 
Oops , forgot to get a room for CRC . That's not good . 
Glee was amazing and so was this bottle of Chardonnay . Now time for a Riesling . ;) 
A Dogapus can play fetch with eight balls . No one can hate that . 
CRC mix song suggestions . Insert here ! 
I love my new underwear !!! 
#1 listening of CRC Mix has commenced . Room for 2 more songs btw . ;) 
I just realized that I live in a nice suburban subdivision with kids . I'm going to get trick-or-treaters ! I can't wait ! 
\Back to the Mac\ " event proved that I don't care about anything not running iOS from Apple . I need my computer to be a PC . " 
Happy that consumers agree that Windows 7 Mobile is more user friendly , organized , and is better with multimedia content than Android . Microsoft can beat Android , but chasing down the iPhone is not going to be easy . 
Club FiveOFive is in business ! 
The Fall 2010 CRC Mix is now available for download !!! Please message me to find out how to get it ! Or send a SASE and I'll send you a CD ; just ask for my address . :) 
As\ 
of 10:50 AM 7% of my friends have voted , and 3% of those expected to \ 
vote today are also on Facebook . Please vote , and tell everybody that \ 
you did ! 
of 1:00 PM 11% of my friends have voted , and 5% of those expected to \ 
vote today , that already have , are on Facebook . Please vote , and tell everybody that \ 
< PROPFEMALE>'s new Christmas album is amazing . It also gives me an idea ! Expect something special in the coming weeks for the holidays ; a special gift for my DLP bros . ;) 
I know most of you will be voting in the next few hours , so hopefully at\ 
least 42% my friends vote today ! ( That would be above the estimated \ 
percentage of 41% of eligible voters voting today , which is sad I \ 
know . ) I would be so proud . ( Yes , that means I will be disappointed if\ 
you don't vote . :P ) 
As of 6:30 PM 19% of my friends have voted , and 9% of those expected to vote today , that already have , are on Facebook . Please vote , and tell everybody that you did ! 
We have West < PROPFEMALE > ! One down , 6 to go ! 
As of 10:45 PM 24% of my friends have voted , and 13% of those expected to vote today , that already have , are Facebook users . Please vote , and tell everybody that you did ! 
Lost Illinois . :( 1-1 now . 5 close races to go . 
Lost < PROPFEMALE > . :( 1-2 now . 4 close races to go . 
Watching < PROPMALE > talk is sickening . Alexi is just a better person . Of course I feel this way about most Rep/Dem . Being a Progressive is hard . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > holds < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) 2-2 now . 3 close races to go . Dems beating polls leading up to election ! Overall , good news . 
Thank you Tea Party !!! You cost the Republican party the Senate . < PROPFEMALE > Palin 2012 !!! 
Work has sucked , but we held Colorado , so I'm happier now . Now only Washington left ! 
Washington is secure ! 
Am I on Candid Camera ? Cause this shit can't be real . 
I'm a lucky man . 
OMG , Back to the Future was amazing ! I'm so glad I got to see it on the big screen . It was indescribable . 
So incredibly excited for this day to just fly by . Is it 11:40 pm yet ?!?! 
A little over 3 hours left in my day . I'm so gay ( as in happy :P ) ! 
On my way to the airport !!! 
You know the fake word that Palin made famous by using it publicly , refudiate ? Well , The Oxford American Dictionary has officially made it a word and named it \Word of the Year\ " . This is just too funny . " 
On the road to STL !!! 
Watching The Kids are Alright with the rents . Totally didn't know what it was about actually , lol . Oops :p 
\Is blogging like a bigger Twitter ? \ " - My Mom " 
Smokers , don't smoke in parking garages , especially in the stairwells . It is not outside ! Also , I can't even stand walking behind you when you're not smoking , you stink , so think about how bad it is when you are . Ugh , I HATE SMOKING ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lucero and I want to travel next weekend . Where shall we go ? Who shall we visit ? 
I decided to watch Saving Private < PROPFIRST > , but after less than 5 minutes in I had to stop the movie . I realized I just was not in the mood . So much blood and body parts flying . You gotta be in a very special place to watch that , lol . I had to reverse the effects , so now I'm watching Will & Grace . :) 
\One of my moms is gay . She built our house ... \ " #Will &Grace " 
Hmm , do I want to own Weeds Seasons 1-5 on Blu < PROPFIRST > for $45 ? Will I watch it more than once ? 
Getting excited for the Christmas season this year . So much to be happy about ! 
I was nominated to be in the Kinect Dance Central competition today during my work's Christmas Party . It was a blast . Now I must have a Xbox 360 and Kinect ASAP ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Boys , < PROPFIRST > Lucero and myself are coming to the Twin Cities this weekend !!! 
3 hrs from Minneapolis !!! Are you ready Twin Cities ? 
I feel like I'm in a life size snow globe ! Love it ! 
I lost my voice in MN , lol . 
We got the best parking spot at the Mall of < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
\I'm lookin ' at a grown ass abortion . \"" 
Dodd - \Why won't this fucking TV turn on ? \ " \ 
\Who needs lube ? I got salsa ! \"" 
\Swimming any other way but drunk is just stupid . \"" 
A < PROPFEMALE > Christmas on ABC !!! I love you < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
I went into the grocery store for deodorant and came out with 10 bottles of wine , a 12 pk of beer , a cheese and deli tray , hummus , and a frozen pizza . 
\Ee 10 extra minutes of rollerrr balletttt . Excellentttt . \"" 
\Cut to me eating this whole cheesecake . \"" 
\I wanna do who I do while I do what I do . \ " ;) " 
Boys have some learning to do . 
My Mom to my brother : \Do you need to put your head in the stove ? \ " She was quite serious too . " 
Just made homemade white castle . It worked !!! 
Finally watching Easy A and loving it ! 
\A vlog ; it's like a twitter with your face . \ " - My Mom " 
Leaving work early !!! More time for party prep . 4.5 hours and counting ! 
I love my life . 
Is it a bad thing that I just got really happy seeing a $5 off coupon in my inbox from Binny's ? 
Laying in bed awake . Did I just wake up or was I never asleep ? Or maybe this isn't even real . :p I guess I'll find out in the morning , lol . 
OMG , 4 AM really ?!?! It's Thursday in the burbs ! 
Watching Anchorman for the first time . I can't remember the last time I stopped watching a movie , but this really sucks . 
Just heard \Maybe\ " by Sick Puppies for the first time . I haven't had this feeling about a song/band in years . My jaw just dropped . " 
The Tourist was very entertaining . < PROPFEMALE > was devine . 
Did I just have the best convo on the phone ever ? Yeah , lol . 
Monday is over ! 
The Verizon iPhone will only make the AT&T iPhone better . In the end they will function based on your location just as any other phone would . 
Leaving work ! My goal tonight is to not fall asleep before Midnight . I have the tendency to fall asleep early in the evening . :/ 
OMG , crazy clearance liquor at < PROPFIRST > . Party will be sooner than expected . Heck , party every night . Just come over ! 
The self checkout lady ( yes , I always use self checkout ) at < PROPFIRST > knew the year I was born . I can't decide if that's a bad thing . 
Apparently I'm meant for disco . I just killed Funkytown ! #DanceCentral 
All iPhones will be getting mobile hotspot capabilities with iOS 4.3 . 
\I just want the big day that everybody else gets . \"" 
Left the coworkers to go grocery shopping while drunk-ish . Strutting like I own the place with my coupon box . :p lol 
I haven't been so wide awake at this hour on a weekday in forever . 
Matrix 4 & 5 in the works ! Hell yeah , I'm excited ! 
\That must be the beer back ... umm I mean the bar back . \ " - Nadlicker " 
Hmm , go go boys fighting over me . 
We filled the dance-floor . 
If you have an unlimited data plan with AT&T do not switch to Verizon ! Verizon is continuing to offer an unlimited data plan for new subscribers , but that will not last much longer , and you will lose your unlimited data once you have to sign a new contract ( aka get a new phone ) . AT&T has grandfathered in their unlimited data plan users , so you will not lose it . This in more important than any amount of dropped calls . 
\DON'T HIDE YOURSELF IN REGRET\ 
< PROPFEMALE > in 15 < PROPFEMALE > ! Come join ! 
My boss said that today's goal is to get as much done so that tomorrow we just don't have to come in . This will be my first snow day in the real world ! Miracles do happen ! 
Motivation to work has decreased to nothing . Good thing the day is almost over . :) 
A firetruck just pulled up with lights flashing in front of my place . What is going on ?!?! 
Going out tonight ! College has to end eventually , but not while I'm still pretty . :P 
I'm falling asleep at my desk . Help me !!! 
Tomorrow is going to be insane . 13 dishes , 172 bottles of beer ( 12 varieties ) , amazing people , and great commercials ( ohh yeah , and a football game) !!! 
If you have the choice ... Choose not to watch Mean Girls 2 . 
Made plans today to drive to < PROPFIRST > for CRC next month . It's gonna be an amazing time , but a crazy drive . 
I may not be able to get up early for work , but I'm gonna be up early for Lady Gaga . 5 AM CST !!! #BornThisWay 
I am so disappointed in myself . I slept through the #BornThisWay alarm and was even late to work . I still have not heard #BornThisWay . I'm gonna cry . 
I'm going to be in SF tonight till Tuesday . I know I haven't contacted everybody yet , so text to meet up ! 
I just listened to Born This Way , finally . Lady Gaga is a genius . Because of the hype , everybody is talking about this amazing gay anthem . Was it masterfully produced ? Yes . Was it beautifully written ? Yes . Was it really mind blowing ? Not really , lol . But that doesn't matter , she just needed everybody to hear it . 
I have the entire row to myself on the plane ! See you soon Chicago . 
I am feeling amazing after my vacation . Only a couple more hours left in the day and I'm not sick of being at work ! 
I just flipped off a guy passing out impeach Obama flyers . 
\Just confuse him . Say words till the penis pops out . \"" 
My < PROPFEMALE > won !!! And she was against born this way ! 
There are a million things to do every day . They key is making time for the really important things . 
Hotel Room for < PROPFEMALE > Lambda Phi-ladelphia National Convention 2011 confirmed . Hmm , who wants to be my roomies ? 
Should I go down to Purdue on Saturday or Sunday ? 
LEAVE < PROPFEMALE > ALONE !!! 
I'm late working on the CRC mix . Suggest songs !!! 
Planning late for CRC . Anybody have any space in their room in < PROPFIRST > ?!?! Seems the hotel is booked . :/ 
CRC Mix is done but where am I staying this weekend ? lol 
