cowboys and steelers will make the playoffs 

SEMESTER TESTING IS OVER YES !!!!!!!!! 
is bored 
which team will win super bowl XLIV ( 44 ) 
i'm waking up at 4 tommorow to go sledding , but i don't know what 2 sled with yet 
wants to know more about god 
cant wait till the week is over 
go Alabama ! 
ATTENTION ! Cowboys will win the super bowl 
cant wait till 180 tonight 
churches are like hospitals to the sick which inspired me 
cant wait for < PROPFEMALE > 
GO < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > blew my mind yesterday ! And today will be better 
< PROPFEMALE > WAS DA BOMB ! 
PEOPLE OF < PROPFEMALE > I DARE YOU !! to be consistent with your relationship with GOD 
180 tonight ! 
just read todays dare and i challenge me who i was in the dark , and not to have a private self and a public self . Also it was on character and integrity 
impossible is not a word just an excuse not to try . 
hello people of 180 ! Just here to remind you that dont forget to read The Dare and i have feeling that tommorows service will change lives forever . 
have 2 more days of the dare left 
FINISHED THE DARE !!!!!!!!!!! 
cant wait for spring break and blessed on what God has done with my life 
just got back from mexico and really tired 
Loves his sister very very very much . 
is glad that londan goes to Greenwood . 
soooooooooo much work in english 
cant wait for 180 since i couldnt go in spring break 
going to airsoft today 
is bored out of my mind 
has a job 
thought last night was fun and interesting loved every part of it 
180 was amazing it got me thinking of my legacy and wat i should do 
sparks will fly as grace colides with the dark inside of us so please don't fight this coming light let this blood come cover us his blood can cover us . ( HEALING BEGINS-Tenth Avenue North . ) 
im so boredddddddddddd 
180 was amazing and < PROPFEMALE > and I had a great time on our date . 
cant wait for 180 I missed 1 week and feel i know tonights going to be great . 
at Fort Myers Florida to do some work 
returing to arkansas in 2 days 
im back in arkansas !!!!!!!!! 
am getting killed in band practice . 
is facing the fact that I need to have a larger relationship with god 
cant wait for 180 ! GO ENERGIZED !! 
its time to step up 
paint war was fun and messy ;) 
Energized will dominate at pumkin bowl . but most of all God has blessed deeply with a purpose and his forgiveness 
is mad because i never knew wat time 2 be at the band room now i couldnt go with them . best thing i can do is make sure it doesnt happen again 
cant wait to see my family in North < PROPFEMALE > in a few days 
cant wait to go to 180 tommorow ... I mean 2 weeks thats to long to be away from Axiom :) 
WOW tonight was amazing at 180 please anyone who gets this message please come i would abosolutly love to see u there and if u do come ... EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED trust me ! 
is about to watch Batman Begins 
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge , aggression and retaliation . The foundation of such a method is love . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. 
Axiom can't wait remix night and to see you all there ! remember shirts are $10 
I have been trying to fight my fight by myself for too long . I can't win without God and I can't lose with God by my side . Its time to step up . \ 
I am second . 
Is sick of being sick its sooooooo boring im even sick of video games :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > was .... AWWWWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSOOOOOOMMMMEEE !!!!!!!!!!!! God made some real life changes there . Wow like I can't even explain it . Our God is real and worth serving and love him with all of your heart and most of all its all about having a relationship with him . A giant weight has been lifted from me . wow ! Jesus I shall forever shout your praise and give u everything ! 
\take a stand for your cause make our hearts break for the loss we will shine your light in the darkest place . \"- ONE BAND " 
\someone who fears nothing loves nothing\ " well I love God a lot so I should definatly fear him . ( hint hint ) " 
had an amazing time last night its reminded me that being a man of God doesn't mean to just be so serious but to have fun while serving your holy Lord . I thank everyone who was there I had a spectacular time . Also im curious what asignments God has told me to do large or small . 
am glad to get to meet so many awesome people the last few days 
All power , and the < PROPFEMALE > to your name , we stand in the hope of freedom , we know that your loves redeeming , and we wont back down ! No we won't back down ! \ 
ONE BAND-Wont back down 
I cant wait to go to 180 and to see the best remix group ever ! Axiom I no Gods going to do some amazing stuff tonight 
I just saw Rango with the awesomest youth group ever and I had a great time and the movie was very funny . I give it a solid 7.75 
is 
Is badly sunburnt ..... owwwwww !!! 
Is very sad because I missed my favorite event of the week seeing the awesomest group of people axiom rocks ! :) miss u guys 
