Getting ready to leave for < PROPFEMALE > in exactly 4 days . I'll head to Chicago and fly over the north pole , and land in X'ian . 

Shanghai here I come . 
I'm back from < PROPFEMALE > . It was alot of fun , but I'm glad to be back on American soil . So I'm welcomed back by the rain ... :\\ I'm heading down to Tampa in two days anyway so I guess it's all good . It's just too hard to stay in one place during the summer . 
How can you truly live when you are afraid of death ? 
I'm home . Who wants to go see a movie ? 
I'm not looking forward to school again ... :( 
If I had known existence would be so glib and meaningless , I would have opted for the alternative . Its all so mundane . If only there were some catalyst that could introduce me to what I've been missing all this time . 
Je n'ai absolument rien à faire et je vais fou . J'ai tellement de temps libre sur mes mains que je suis en train d'acquérir trois langues différentes . Ce n'est pas bien . Quelqu'un a besoin de passer quelque temps avec moi . 
Getting ready for a fencing tournament . 
If anyone could tell me the questions on today's environmental science quiz I would be greatly appreciative . 
Tomorrow : 1 ) school 2 ) fencing 3 ) Key club ( concession stand ) 
I'm not sure about what we were supposed to do for APES ... Oh well . At least I'm not in IB . 
Sick :( 
11 more biomes to go . :( 
Biome project and poster are finally finished . 
If I ever get bitten by a zombie I'm going to bite him the f *** back . How do you like me now zombies ? 
Wow . I don't think I've been this hungry since ... the last time I saw a Taco < PROPFEMALE > commercial . 
For a hill men would kill , why ? They do not know . Suffered wounds test there their pride . Men of five , still alive through the raging glow . Gone insane from the pain that they surely know . 
( 857 ): I wonder if you can grow weed in Farmville and sell it to Mafia Wars ? 
is ungrounded . 
Christmas is probably the strangest time of the year for athiests but I still enjoy it . 
I've been out of town for 4 days and I already miss the 850 :( 
It's good to be home . 
Knowledge is power ; knowledge shared is power lost . Does that answer your question ? 
F***ing APES winter break assignment . Thanks Mrs. Cassulo ! 
Just got a headshot with a stinger missle in Call of Duty . Awesomesauce . 
This is way to cold to be florida . Where is global warming when you need it ? 
Learning how to play the guitar is harder than I thought it would be but I think I'm getting the < PROPFEMALE > of it . 
My new year's resolution is to get in as many barfights as humanly possible in the next 12 months . 
Where is all that snow I was promised ? 
When I watch American Idol I don't just want to see people's dreams get crushed . I want their dreams to look like the losing end of a bear attack . 
Exams ... how exciting . :( 
Trying to escape from the school parking lot today was a bitch . They should make people take an IQ test before they get their license . 
Sorry facebook IM is crapping out on me . 
is not digging the new facebook format . :( 
Edge of darkness was really good . I'm going to see legion either today or tomorrow . 
If aliens were to judge humanity as a whole based soley on Youtube comments we would be screwed . 
No MTV , I do not want to watch a show about pregnant teens waking up on the wrong side of the menstrual cycle . You never fail to dissapoint me . 
Facebook is now showing me ads in foreign languages ... 
New cell , new number = ( 850)226-9876 
\Trident Layers\ " is not a substitute for currency . If anyone ever tries to give me a piece of gum in place of the dollar they owe me I reserve the right to beat them senseless . " 
< PROPFIRST > Adams : Always a good decidion ... that leads to bad decisions . 
Currently removing some of the people bitching about Obama from my friend's list . They can go be worthless somewhere else . 
Being sick isn't any fun . I have like 5 tests I have to get done before spring break . 
Thanks for wishing me a happy birthday everyone . You guys are awesome . :) 
Apparently Samsung just came out with a 3D T.V. which is cool until you realize that someone is going to get a seizure from trying to play Call of Duty on it . 
Just got a laptop and an all-in-one printer/copier . Thanks Dad and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Mrs. Cassulo's project can wait until 5 a.m. tomorrow ... 
Oh Nietzsche , we are similar in so many ways . We have both looked into the abyss . The only difference between you and I is that when the abyss looked back at us , you blinked , while I simply smiled . 
I guess life doesn't come with a satisfaction guarantee . 
Sitting in a crowded movie theater reminds me why I hate people . I can only hope that there is a special circle of hell reserved for inconsiderate assholes who feel that it is ok to talk during a movie . 
I bought a suit for senior honors night . I'm not sure as to what I did to be invited but I'm guessing it has something to do with science fair . Anyways , I thought the suit fit well and everything but I've been told that it makes me look like I take part in organized crime . Last time I checked , I was only a quarter Scicilian . 
I just woke up to find that I had turned on the xbox in my sleep ... this probably isn't a good thing but I have a feeling that I finished off the Modern Warfare 2 campaign for the millionth time . 
I was swimming in the bay and I saw a crab that was at least a foot long . 
Why did I choose to put off Mrs. Casullo's project until Seniors Honors Night ? This stuff always comes back to bite me in the ass and I'm the one to blame . * Deep Sigh * It's going to be a long night ... 
High school's almost over . I'm not going to miss it at all . 
Twelve years of hard work for a piece of paper ... 
I wish the head of BP would get in a car with < PROPFIRST > Beck and then drive it off a mountain side into a grease fire . 
Spike Tv is going to air a new episode of Pros versus Joes and < PROPFIRST > Vick is going to be in it . If you don't agree with Spike supporting a dog killer than please boycott the show and maybe even the network altogether . 
I'm bored and lonely ... wish I could get some sleep for once . 
Everyone bitches about how much \this town sucks . \ " You think Fort < PROPMALE > sucks ? Try living in Mogadishu you self-entitled brats . " 
Scored a 5 on the APES test and a 4 on AP Psych . 
I don't want\ 
to hear your\ 
favorite song lyrics\ 
on facebook so\ 
for the love of God\ 
don't post them as \ 
your status . 
I finished writing my first book ! 
My NWFSC schedule : Eng Comp II ( monday and wednesdays ) 12:30 - 1:50 , Nester\ 
Humanities Intro ( Tuesdays and Thurdays ) 8:00 - 9:15 , Rink\ 
College Algebra ( Tuesdays and Thursdays ) 9:30 = 10:45 , Sriram\ 
Introduction to Philosophy ( Mondays and wednesdays ) 11:00 - 12:20 , Myers 
I like to think that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > died the way he lived : with animals in his heart . 
Just saw a professor mention lolcats in a socioeconomics lecture . It made my day . :) 
Text books for the upcoming semester : $405 , Other miscellenious expenses and school supplies : $42 , Having everything paid off by multiple scholarships : Priceless . 
\The cops are here ?... Sucks to be them . \"" 
Studies have shown that video games can increase attention capacities ( and some higher level cognitive processes . ) This is a good thing for all the gamers who have ADD like me . 
When in doubt light a < PROPMALE > fire . 
Just saw the Expendables . It was an awesome movie . At one point Stalone uses what looks like a cross between Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and Russian Sambo . Jet < PROPFEMALE>'s still the best though . 
I need to buy a new punching bag . :\\ 
Who else is going to NWF ? 
Found a tarball in the water ... where's Captain Planet when you need him ? 
First day of NWF tomorrow ... not sure how that's going to go . 
First day is always the worst it seems but this time it wasn't that bad . 
I could've sworn I saw < PROPMALE > Cobain in a zombie movie I saw recently . 
I don't have any classes on Fridays . I need to figure out what I'm going to do with my 3 day weekends . 
I need a job . 
Religion is like a penis : It's ok to have one , It's ok to be proud of it , but please don't whip it out in public or ram it down other people's throats . 
Found ancient Germanic runes on the mens ' room wall at NWF ... so confused right now . 
Why did they make it so that Reach comes out on a monday ? They should've released it last Friday so people could get 3 days in a row to play it before going back to school or work . 
Has aquired Halo Reach . It's going to be an all nighter ... and maybe a sick day tomorrow . 
Tired . (-_-) 
In class my usual posture consists of an arched back with my head held up by my hand -- pressing my elbow down into the table or desk . It's a heavy burden to < PROPFEMALE > on my shoulders , weighed down by thoughts , ideas , and abstractions too numerous to count and too persistent to ignore . Should I fail to support it , it will undoubtedly get away from me . 
Just had an epic battle with the Win32 . Agent . ieu virus . As you can see , I won . Game . Set . Match . 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
I can be a horribly awkward person sometimes . :( 
Let's see here ... what do I want for Christmas ? 
Got a 97 on my Philosophy paper . Feels good but where the hell did the last 3 points go ? 
Going to hit the gym until I have a six pack . 
I understand the differences between Communism , Fascism , and Socialism and do not use the terms interchangeably . That makes me qualified to have a valid political opinion . 
Just saw an owl on my roof . It's definately my favorite animal . It symbolizes wisdom , change and detatchment in most cultures around the world . 
Don't like this status . It's horrible and does not deserve attention . 
Harvest < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
Perhaps I learned the most important life lesson when I was a young kid playing with legos : the only apparent point to existence is building and destroying things . You can build up relationships , wealth , material objects just like lego bricks and when you're done with them you can take them apart . Of course there are always those of us who are more content in destroying the things others have already built ... 
Trying to get a headstart in my future career of genetic engineering . You can never hit the books too early in my opinion . 
Am I the only one who still gets growing pains at this age ?... 
Bullshitting an essay at 8:20 in the morning . Maximum grade for minimum effort . That's my motto . 
I'm sorry Mrs. < PROPMALE > . 
My bench < PROPMALE > is now 160 . This calls for a celebration . 
The middle east used to be the cradle of civilization . Sumer , Babylon , Assyria , Ur -- I wish I could've been there to see them in their prime . When you look at those areas today you can't help but wonder what happened . How can such great accomplishments of civilization seemingly fade into both the sands of time and the sands of the desert ? 
is playing Russian Roulette with < PROPFIRST > Wilkins . 
Necromentia is the creepiest horror movie I've ever seen . I feel like a pussy for thinking that Paranormal Activity 2 was any good . I'm not sleeping tonight ... or ever again for that matter . 
< PROPFIRST > my words ; the \Snuggie\ " marks the rapid decline of our society . " 
Collecting algae samples from the bay . If I discover a new species I get to name it . 
You know , I think I'd be ok with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > stealing my car . 
Change is the only constant . 
I can't wait for the next < PROPMALE > Potter movie to come out . 
Dobby NOOOOOOO !!!!! 
Finally got into the Principles of Biology class . Now I can actually be productive . 
Spending Thanksgiving break in Tampa . 
But I don't feel like eating Turkey today . :( 
Here I am , rock you like a hurricane . 
Save money ; kill hookers . 
It always sucks to live on the water when a storm comes around . 
And now we have fully transitioned from the \information age\ " to the misinformation age . " 
I love chocolate milk . 
Check out my letter to hte editor in the Opinion section of the Northwest Florida Daily newspaper . 
Just shaved off my fuzzy goatee . Now I no longer look like Shaggy from ScoobyDoo . 
I want a pet Ferret . They're like nature's slinkys . 
I can see why Black Swan got such good reviews . Definately one of the best films I've seen . 
Just got done celebrating Christmas for the second time . So much fun . 
The zodiac was a bunch of BS to begin with . It's just another little device \fortune-tellers\ " use to rake in money . " 
Trying to recover from having a tree fall and snap right over the top of my head . My brother is the worst lumberjack ever . 
Imagine punching somebody so hard they turned into a door . Then you find out that's where ALL doors came from , and you just got initiated into a secret murder club that makes doors . The stronger you punch , the better the door . So there are like super strong murderers who punch people into Venetian doors and stuff ... I'm not really going anywhere with this but that was basically the last thing I dreamed about . 
I feel like Atlas , with the world upon my shoulders . Such a burden is draining . I'd drop everything if others weren't counting on me . When does not letting people down become holding them up higher ? 
What would happen if everyone became hipsters ? Would the original hipsters dissapear forever since being hipster became mainstream ? 
Crib , desk , cubicle , coffin . It's the circle of life ! 
[ Insert random comment about the superbowl here ] 
I had someone ask me what the chances of being buried alive are . I told him that it depended on how long he intended to annoy me with stupid questions . 
I'm thinking about going to the Hinder/Saving < PROPMALE > concert . Anyone else going ? 
Wikipedia should have a warning sign on the front of their site that reads : \WARNING : If you suffer from Attention Deficit Disorder ( ADD ) you WILL be spending the rest of your evening here whether you like it or not . [ citation needed] \"" 
Intelligence is a matter of questioning everything you know , not knowing everything without question . 
If you watch a typical horror movie backwards , it looks like its about a young white couple that gains an increasingly racially diverse group of freinds as time goes by . 
I'd probably believe that I had \tiger blood\ " and \ " fire-breathing fists\ " if I were on copious amounts of cocaine and juvenile narcissism too . Sadly I shall never be as mighty as that God among men known as < PROPFIRST > Sheen -- a man who's sheer comedic style is enough to make anyone with an IQ numerically greater than that of room temperature writhe in pain . " 
I'm the person my parents warned me about . 
