I pose this question to anyone that can answer is : What is a \Monster\ " ? " 

Ah , It's beautiful this world of ours the only ugly thing that my eyes can see are human beings , they are so stupid and ignorent things they all deserve nothing more then death . 
I see everything everyone will ever do it makes life boring but i guess it means I know how to find my \true love\ " i just have to love for the person that i cant predict " 
I HAVE FOUND THE ANSWER TO A QUETION NO ONE HAS BEEN ABLE TO ANSWER !!! 
I'm gonna die laughing , because it's better then being bored to death 
\Life isn't worth living if your not having fun ! \ " So Smoke that last cig and shut up ! XD " 
There are some ppl in this world that shouldnt be aloud to live and one day i will make it so they dont ! Thats a promise ... 
The adults need to start acting their age and show their kids how to make right decisions in life , Kids ya'll need to learn that love is not wat most of u think it is , and last but not least the hate and angry needs to stop because its not help create anything but more hate and angry .... We are all to blame i guess but i dont want to see this world slip thro the cracks ..... 
What has happened to this world ? When did it become so perverse ? And was is it that no generation acts the age its suppossed to ? All i see is adults acting like children , kids acting like they want to find true love , and a whole lot of hate amoung the rest or the population . 
This World is going numb where is all the happiness that was has so long ago and why is it that my generation missed out on it ? its just not fair ... 
Everyone in this world of ours have many different ways of thinking , but we all have the ability to change when we realise our mistakes , just because we do something wrong doesn't mean we forfeit the future ... 
Everytime i place trust in someone they turn their back on me ... sometime i wish i was evil enough to stab them in that back but im not and it seems that i will never get anything outa this life other then pain .... but im still gonna try .... 
My life is coming down around me . i expected it to but not so soon , oh well im gonna have fun with it at least .... 
This world of ours is going down hill fast and it seems as though noone else can see it ... 
Why is it that when ever u point out wat kinda of person someone is they always freak out ? i mean really if u dont like who u are then change ! 
Ignorance and Stupidity breed Hate and Distrust .... and this world of ours is full of all four of these thing ... its sad because its as if n o-o ne even cares .... 
This life isn't worth it after all .... 
I always say \I would die for my friends\ " and its true but Em your the girl that I would come back just to see again . Em I love you more then all the stars in the clear night sky and I always will . " 
Im not really using this life for anything good will someone take it from me ? 
Its time I start thinking about me and what I want so here we go lets see if this will be fun . 
I wont be on Facebook for awhile so i'll see ya around 
This World is rotting to the core and the only way to find the happiness that we all want is to dig through the filth but after awhile we become covered by it and begin to slip into a numbing bliss thinking its happiness ... 
these are the three things i live my life by 1 : That a man is only as good as his word and that he should fallow through . 2 : That it is a man obligation to protect and take care of women they may not need use men to do this but its still our duty to continue to try . 3 : That when you make a mistake to take ur punishment with your head held high and not try and escape you responsabilities . 
What is \Love\ " to you ? Please explain it because it seems to me that there is no longer any of what I believe to be love left in this broken world ... " 
Death , That is the inevitable answer to all the questions of life . 
No matter how much things may change they will always stay the same . 
If anyone steals from me or lies to me ever again im planting my f'in fist right between their f'in eyes ! 
Im a \Despairing Saint\ " and a \ " Black King\ " and on the day of my death i'll have a great pride for being these . " 
I wish it was thursday already ... 
Two days ... 
I hate life its a great waste of time 
People are blind to the world around them , humans are so enthralled with themselves it causes great distrust and needless anger with one another . 
Early in the morning risin ' to the street Light me up that cigarette and I strap shoes on my feet 
Life is always so predictable , not in the sence that it is always the same but when it comes to people and what they are gonna do its not that hard to guess their actions ... Life is boring when you know what everyone is gonna say before they do ... 
How many chances do we have to be happy in this life , are some of those chances illusions ? 
In life we all have many chances to be happy but an untold number of these chances are nothing more then delusionary dreams ... 
DON'T LOOK MY CRAZY IS SHOWING !!!! 
They're coming to take me away HAHA , They're coming to take me away HOHO HEHE HAHA , To the funny farm where life is beautiful all the time , And I'll be happy to see those nice young men in their clean white coats , And they're coming to take me away HAHAAA , To the happy home with trees and flowers and chirping birds and basket weavers , Who sit and smile and twiddle their thumbs and toes , 
I'm gonna end up in a white padded room with a \happy jacket\ " . HAPPY JACKET !!! " 
My mind is a mix of rage and sadness , My heart is weighed heavily with thoughts that I'm right ... 
My heart is in pain because I'm not sure how to help and that I know my hopes will never come true ... 
Heading to the padded room soon , I hope \happy jackets\ " come in the color black that way it'll match the color of the darkness I feel closing in around me ... " 
I have three choices i can make and as far as i can tell they will all end badly for me ... I wish i had a three sided coin to flip it would help alot ... 
When a person's life draws to a close and they feel death's icy grip start taking hold do they remember all the things they regret ? This question scares me because if people only remeber their regret then what will death bring me , a man without regret , only empty thought in which I will feel nothing but death as it creeps over me ? 
Meh ... Life continues as always . 
DON'T TOUCH MY HAPPY JACKET !!! IT'S MINE !!! 
Why is it I have nightmares over things I can't change , is it not enough that I always go outa my way to help everyone else but now I can't even escape my inability to help in my dreams ... 
The nightmares that torture me in my sleep , have made waking up to this horrable thing called life that much more enjoyable but what kinda life is this , where I cant escape from horror no matter where I turn ? 
What is \True Fear\ " ? " 
Life is aways worth living , We just need to search our hearts to find out why it is . 
I hate waiting more then anything else , everything should always have a quick paced responce , but when it comes to love I'm happy waiting my entire life and I know even if that joy is never experienced it wouldn't be a waste of time . 
The best part of \Believe\ " is the \ " lie . \"" 
Both good and bad things happen to ppl , but we only enjoy the good why not the bad its not about the outcome its about how deeply the feelings of the event cause so Im gonna enjoy every bit of this life both good and bad . 
A person's name is proof that they lived well i don't want my name anymore does that mean im ready to die ? 
January 15 , 2010 is the day im going to die . 
Im not gonna kill myself so ppl u can stop worrying I just wanted to see how many ppl would actually do something about me saying i was going too . i wanna say thanks to who ever told the school it proved u were paying attantion 
< PROPMALE > Youngman do yourself a favor and do be picking a fight with me , Thanks have a nice day . 
< PROPMALE > Youngman do yourself a favor and don't be picking a fight with me , Thanks have a nice day 
STOMP THE KITTENS !! 
\God\ " is dead it time to look to ourselves for a savior . " 
Everyone must face their demons and now the turn is yours ... 
We all have many chances to be happy but an untold number of those chances are nothing more then delusionary dreams ... 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
If man were immortal he could be perfectly sure of seeing the day when everything in which he had trusted should betray his trust , and , in short , of coming eventually to hopeless misery . He would break down , at last , as every good fortune , as every dynasty , as every civilization does . In place of this we have death . ~ Charles Sanders Peirce 
Earth , It's awsome but I have been better places . 
Earth , It's awsome but I have been to better places . 
In the Immortal words of Croy McCullough \Oh Damn ! I forgot something ( long pause ) I forgot my gum ... \"" 
Done with people they are not worth my time . ^.^ 
I got really bored so i added everyone Facebook suggested i might know ... I DONT KNOW ANY OF THEM LMAO !!! XD 
The mantality I had a few years ago is back lol hopefully it will make life fun again but not just my life i hope it'll make the ppl around me have more fun too . 
I'm not crazy ... I know this because the voices in my head tell me in not . 
I'm not crazy ... I know this because the voices in my head tell me I'm not . 
The Seven Deadly Sins Pride , Envy , Gluttony , Lust , Wrath , Greed and Sloth . 
Now dance , fucker , dance Man , I never had a < PROPMALE > And no one even knew It was really only you 
\I'm coming through the door but they're expecting more of an interesting man sometimes I think I can but how much can I fake I'll speak until I break with every word I say offend in every way \"" 
Ok , Im getting kinda sick of the ppl i < PROPFEMALE > out with now so anyone else wanna start < PROPFEMALE > in with me ? 
If man were immortal he could be perfectly sure of seeing the day when everything in which he had trusted should betray his trust , and , in short , of coming eventually to hopeless misery . He would break down , at last , as every good fortune , as every dynasty , as every civilization does . In place of this we have death . ~ Charles Sanders Peirce 
Why ? 
I'm fucked ... 
\I'm about to cum-bubble your eardrum if you dont shut up \"" 
Just got done deleting ppl off my friends list so if u can read this then ur either one of my friends or atleast someone i talk to from time to time 
Got alot on my mind ... 
I have once again deleted ppl from my friends list so if u can read this u are still my friend . for now ... ^w^ 
People are pathetic I mean you call their stupid bluffs and then they hate you ... lol being a ass to that guy was alot of fun tho XD 
\Soo ... can I buy you a tunafish sandwhich ? Well ... half of one I'm hungry too . \ " GREATEST PICK UP LINE EVER !!! " 
“Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today . ” ~ James < PROPFIRST > 
Eating < PROPMALE>'s Macaroons lol kinda bored ... 
Is watching a drug-addicted blue caterpillar , a grinning cat , a Hare that's mad , a Hatter that's mad , and singing \Happy Un-birthday . \ " What kind of drug am I on " 
C o-O wner of \We Will Fuck Up Big ! \"" 
I don't care if you don't like me ... I wasn't put on this Earth to please you ! 
What pisses you off more the fact that I am happy or the fact that you aren't ? Either way , cry yourself a river , build yourself a bridge and throw yourself off of it ! 
Yea those four status ' pretty much describe my mood , Talking to me today would be like lighting firecrackers off in a bears ass , but i know some of u ARE stupid enough to talk to me anyways , just dont get mad at me i did warn u 
on your account making you look silly < ('0')> 
It seems like everyone is having a bad day ... I hope it doesn't fuck up mine ... 
Meh .. life sucks but I'm still trying my hardest to grab a lil bit of happiness and I'm sorry to anyone I may step on to get it , I truly am sorry but I'm not gonna be a stepping stone for anyone ever again . 
Schwang ! 
No stress , a good outlook for the future , and The best gf a guy could ask for , It seems my life might be turning around . ( Knock on wood ) 
So I pick the world up and I'm a drop it on your fuckin ' head , yeahh ! \ 
Bitch , I'm a pick the world up and I'm a drop it on your fuckin ' head\ 
And I could die now rebirth mother fucker ... Hop up in my spaceship and leave Earth\ 
Mother fucker I'm gone\ 
Mother fucker I'm gone 
There are a few people I will be talking to very soon and most likely they are not gonna like me afterward but if that be the case then oh well I can rebuild my life without them . 
I've had enough of your games\ 
if you're not trembling , you'd better be\ 
cause we're gonna be the end of you\ 
I'm gonna show them who you really are\ 
And I can tell you right now , it won't be pretty 
I got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes\ 
Hate in my heart , love in my mind\ 
I seen nights full of pain , days of the same\ 
You keep the sunshine , save me the rain\ 
I search but never find , hurt but never cry\ 
I work and forever try , but I’m cursed , so never mind 
I need to find a way to hold my life together ... I think i might know a way but im not sure ... 
I'm just to weak to < PROPFEMALE > the world any longer , so I'm setting it down here someone can < PROPFEMALE > it now ! 
It hurts but I never show , this pain you'll never know\ 
If only you could see just how lonely and how cold\ 
And frostbit I've become , my backs against the wall\ 
When push come to shove I just stand up and scream ' Fuck them all ' 
Today is gonna be a good day that's all there is to it ! 
I MAY HAVE FOUND A JOB !!! FINALLY !! THANK GOD IT ONLY TOOK A YEAR !! I DOUBT I WOULD HAVE BEEN ABLE TO STAY SANE ANY LONGER THEN THAT !! 
I really really wanna rain fire and brimstone down on this whole F'in ' World ! 
Humanity , the pinnacle of complicated simplicity . 
Yeah , I get it , \ 
You're an outcast . \ 
Always under attack . \ 
Always coming in last , \ 
Bringing up the past . \ 
No one owes you anything . \ 
I think you need a shotgun blast , \ 
A kick in the ass , \ 
So paranoid . . . \ 
Watch your back !! 
May God have mercy on your souls , because I will not . 
I'm Old !! T_T 
May God have mercy on my soul , for this life of my has not been . 
Sup ppl ? 
More often then not , telling the truth causes more problems then lying does ... 
Is it wrong to pose as someone else , and if well you pose as this person you make there life better , does that make it right ? 
