Ya , so i buzzed my head cuz of peer pressure , didnt turn out the way i wanted .... FML 

Party at the Pike House tonight , txt me for details 
Going home to Gadsden , be back in Huntsville for New Years . 
Back in Gadsden for a while ..... this sucks ! 
HOOKEM HORNS BABY !!! 
For those of you who dont know i have moved back to Gadsden till next fall so hit me up if anything is going on in this boring town . 
I want a beer but it is not sold here in Gadsden on Sundays , FML !!! 
Going to play some Hold'em!!! 
Gaw , im bored some one call me . 
Seriously dollar buy in's with dealers choice is awesome . Hours of fun tonight and came out on top . Thats what im talking about !! 
Playing guitar and chill ... 
Hope all my friends are ok in Huntsville after the tragedy today at UAH 
Blah , im about to just say fuck it and move up to Huntsville tonight ... 
Gah im bored 
Whats going on tonight ??? 
Just got off work and off for three days then off for the weekend , and spending as much of that weekend as i can in Huntsville with my brothers and friends . See ya soon 
Going to bed , got to wake up at 4am and be at work at 5 . 
Back home and had a hell of a good time with my Brothers of Pi Kappa < PROPFEMALE > , and was a crazy weekend but awesome , see yall soon , and good luck with Pikes on Bikes ! 
Just worked 17 out of the last 24 hours , im crashin here soon 
Work is pretty much killin my social life , seems like i have to arrange my life around work and that sucks cuz i dont want to do what i am doing for the rest of my life ..... My eyes have been open .... hope it gets better before it gets worst .... 
The decision has been made we are starting a band , super excited details will be available later , and aside from that im 1 year older and life is going pretty well , was < PROPMALE > there for a < PROPFEMALE > but its all playing out , holla balla's 
Thanks to all for wishing me a happy birthday . 
ahh , off work and about to enjoy my 3 days off and seriously going to try to figure out a way to come up to Illinois in July , havent been up there in a while and i think its time for a visit . 
bored and cant sleep who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out ??? 
Just finished completely purchasing my plane ticket to Chicago for July 7th thru the 14th and im super pumped to see my buddies ..... Its going to be a good time i promise 
Ahh i hate working overnight someone hit me up so i wont be bored 
Seriously cant wait to come up to bago next month 
Ummm cant sleep wish i was in huntsville i know someone is up to < PROPFEMALE > with there 
Bored and tired jammin on the guitar 
officially in yankee territory haha its good to be back super excited 
Had a great time up in Minnesota with my buds , now to have some fun in bago for the last three days of my visit !! 
Had a blast up north with everyone , and the night i get back i had to work 3rd shift , i fell back into the reality lickidy split and it sucks 
the kind of shit i get into ..... this sucks 
need job in huntsville n e one know of any openings ? 
well im bored who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out 
working overnights suck ! 
God i am so ready to move back to huntsville , be there by this time next week 
Packing all my shit be in huntsville tomorrow 
Bout to play some VB at CC come out and play ! 
Party at the pike house tonight around 9 . everybody welcome come on out 
ITS PARTY TIME !!!! work in the morning ..... boo 
Man im sore , next time ill stretch before playin haha 
I dont want to work tonight ! 
Ready for the Pike game later !!! PIKE 4 LIFE ! 
Its official , I am an INSOMNIAC , FML !! 
Blahh 
Debating on going to T town today ..... help me out people yay or nay 
Raise your hand if you dont want to go to work today ..... my hand is raised by the way ... 
WAR EAGLE !!!!!! 
Its going to be long day tomarrow and im not looking forward to it ...... 
I hate being sick during finals !!!! 
Back to Hunts Vegas tomorrow after a nice relaxing weekend in gadsden with the fam . 
Work till 5am so bored but psyched about tomorrow night 
i hate fixing my stupid computer ......... 
Getting school shit figured out really sucks , thought everyone should know .... 
Well i got a little crazy last night but damn its good to be an Auburn fan . Goin on 23 years as one and will be till i die !! 2011 National Champs !! WAR DAMN EAGLE !!!! 
I let myself get carrried away for one week and my bank account is drained ..... this blows for real 
Bracket is done !!! 
In Gadsden , anything going on tonight , if so pleeeeaaasssseee contact me . 
im sooooooooooooo bored 
will actually be offically 23 at noon tomorrow but thanks to all that have or will wish me a Happy Birthday 
Well in 11 hours that is 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes and yes it was a good one haha 
So im bored in Gadsden , big surprise ...... 
First night at the apartment and lovin it 
wow last night was crazy and they are saying power will be down for 10 days , and that is why im goin to gadsden where there is power . 
Hanging at the pool tomorrow want to come < PROPFEMALE > out out txt me 
Life is like a box of chocolates , you never know what your going to get .... your damn right .. 
Going downtown , shoot me or keeton a txt if your in the area 
another day another dolla 
Thor at 11:20 and i must say it is a nice warm night 
Goin to watch the game and get some beer with < PROPFIRST > d'Artagnan Soetekouw at Applebees , txt us if anything is going on later 
Goin to see X-Men The final Stand with Keeton Light and < PROPFEMALE > Pope , anyone want to get into something later txt it 
Transformers movie was the shit , just sayin .... 
Ready to head up north for the weekend . 
Time for some NCAA Football .... 
This storm is intense , im about to sleep like a baby , just hope this weather doesnt delay my flight tomorrow afternoon ... 
1 hour till im on my way to Chicago woot woot , its going to be a good trip . 
And Incubus was the shit encore of all time ..... Pardon Me . 
\I 
Im gonna be what i set out to be , without a doubt undoubtedly and all those who look down on me im tearin down your balcony ! 
