I walk I walk I walk I walk I walk I walk ... 

One year left , everyone ! Live it up . ( JK ) 
I'm going to make my first status of the new year something memorable . 
If you read this , please post a comment with a COMPLETELY MADE UP AND FICTIONAL memory of you and I . It can be anything you want - good or bad - BUT IT HAS TO BE FAKE . When you're finished , post this little paragraph on your profile and see what your friends come up with . 
Is loving Shelski's new pic . Shelski ' Belarus ' Bryanova 
Suddenly wants to be a nonsense writer like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Wishes all a happy Easter , the one day that a furry breaks in to give your children < PROPFEMALE > . All the other days they have to stay in their vans . 
Just set up his Myspace . 
Becoming nocturnal ... sleep is ruining my life ! 
. 
feels that after a long , dull , silent day , anyone could use a good hug . This is why I would like to nominate Monday for Hug a Gay Day . Who's in ? 
Found my old mp3 player , holding all my lost favorite songs ! 
The school gave my flash drive to < PROPMALE > today , I'll hunt him down tomorrow . 
< PROPMALE > claims not to know what I'm talking about . I wonder if a few hundred jolts could remind him ... 
Had the wrong < PROPMALE > the whole time , I apologize . 
Is digging Shelski's new pic , yo . 
Just found pants I could have cut to swim in ... 
Met the most cuddly ickle kittykins today . 
Should probably change his status more often . 
Is going to be very angry if it rains tomorrow . YOU HEAR THAT SKY !? I WILL MAUL YOU IF I FEEL EVEN A DROP ! 
I will not stand for this ! This is rediculous ! This is unacceptable ! Also , I don't have a ladder tall enough to reach the sky ... 
Ah , and also , happy birthday , Kota . 
Would like everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > , comment or send me a message please . 
' s mom doesn't undertand why he went outside while it was raining . 
Never again will such a war of krout and kangaroos be televised . Don't miss today . 
Has cabin fever . Please , won't someone in The Plains come by tomorrow and give me an excuse to go out ? 
First\ 
person to inbox me saying \You're mine . \ " owns me -But only for a \ 
Ish now Shelski's by FB rules . 
Might be able to go out today . Yay , I might soon be able to be considered free range . 
Walked around inside a closed Ridges building today . Saw a gym with a destroyed piano in the middle . It sounded like it was still tuned . 
Can't think of a status to top his last one . 
OMG , it's a bomb ! ... Anyone wanna play hot potato ? :D 
finally got his registration through at FA . 
I will soon be in possession of a small number of kittens but I can not keep them ! Does anyone have extra < PROPFEMALE > space ? I'll be giving them away in a bit more than two months . 
I just slept for twelve hours today . six hours later , I'm yawning . My life is so boring . 
I just took the ink cartrage out of a pen and stuck it in a goose feather ! 
ain't got no pancake mix . 
Just got a message from < PROPMALE > Speight , an angry lad I havn't seen since elementary school . 
told his mom he'd use his \fox-fu\ " on her . She just laughed :/ " 
is going to the Athens fireworks show , anyone else ? 
OMG , I forgot about the pool and stayed up so late ... han't gone to bed yet . Good thing my horrible water anxiety will keep me wakefull . 
I was playing a game and they were like , \name this moth and it will be your pet . \ " So I named it Sephermoth ! " 
I just heard that women in < PROPFIRST > Kong can legally kill cheating husbands , as long as they do so with their bare hands . I also heard that women can't vote in Ohio . 
Just got a rather odd family request ... 
I saw my sister's < PROPFIRST > Bieber poster out of the corner of my eye and screamed . 
Your world's about to be destroyed , no point getting all annoyed ... 
RRRRRRAAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIINN !!!!! Prepair to feel my foxy wrath ! For I know where my towl is , and I shall smite you with it ! 
I have the weekend free ! I really wanna go out with friends , even if it's just to their house or somewhere in The Plains . 
My fear of < PROPFIRST > Bieber was NOT misplaced , I just saw him out there . He had a crude hatchet and ... and ... he's knocking on the door now , I don't know how long Igkdjiruws WITNESS . 
I found my cloak ! 
~ \ 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think\ 
I'm pretty . Put a SMILE if we are friends . Put a SAD FACE if you think \ 
I'm a bad person . Put a HEART if you love me and always will . Now let's \ 
see who's brave enough to copy and paste this as their status 
Has three new kittens ! 
' s sister discovered two other kittehs ... the count is now five . 
HAPPY < PROPFIRST > MAYS CAPS LOCK DAY !!! 
Silly < PROPMALE > County ... you and your funnel clouds . 
Craves a stupidfox plush ! 
Still looking for homes for five kittens . 
The kittens have opened their eyes ! 
Is trying to learn how to make Artix-level games on Flash professional CS5 .... Probably gonna take a while . 
will be at the fair Wednesday , who will join me ? 
K , I'll be at the fair tomorrow . I'll be at the Lions Club hotdog thing from 10:45 to 11:00 AM . I'll be at the same place from 3:00 to 3:15 PM . I hope I see some of you guys there . 
Had a great time at the fair despite the rain ... got some sunburn though :( 
Thinks he saw a kitten eating solid food ! 
Would anyone burn a CD for me pwees ? 
Been sick , see you guys tomorrow . 
Got grounded off the internet for a night for being out with one of my best friends . Totally worth it . 
Getting Repo ! on my player ^^ 
Cannot get Repo ! formatted to work properly on my Sony Walkman . 
I LIVE !!!!!!! 
is feeling blegh , but < PROPMALE > so than yesterday . 
Found one of my shingles on a road two streets away ^^ 
Just saw most of Wall-E . It was so cute ! ^.^ 
Mom lost the care keys ... We were gonna buy my cell candies tomorrow . 
Key found ... now sculpting with fruit roll-up . 
Never ever ever put < PROPFEMALE > in gelatin ! It does NOT work . Hard candies melt and make puddles of scary pink liquid while fruit roll-ups become hard yet mushy AT THE SAME TIME . However , those < PROPFEMALE > orange slices seem to be okay . But nothing else ! It was all brown and it bled pink . I even let the gelatin get cold and stiffen up a bit before adding the stuff . It just doesn't work . It will be in my nightmares untill I die . 
Been sick today , just some congestion . It's a shame I missed the donut jump though . 
Took his cancer box , removed the speakers , and taped them into a self-standing structure . 
I've woken in a strange place after being taken yesterday , 6th period . I hope to be released soon , though I still know little of my situation . 
Computer is being argh . I can't get explorer to start . 
Maybe I should be on the lookout for a \Varta\ " Lisic " 
I still need to decide on a costume on $25 . 
I think I'll be a Na'vi . 
has his costume . 
Feeling super great . As far as most of you know ^^ 
hates those quizzes that make results super obvious . 
I'm going to the first U.S. showing of < PROPMALE > Potter . Take THAT west coast ! 
I just played a game of Elements in which both my opponent and I ended the game with full life . I also had a monster with a power of thirty-four . 
Epic new developments in 2Kinds ! I hope < PROPFIRST > kicks his ass to the full extent of his authority .. 
OMG The Muppet Christmas < PROPFIRST > is on !!! 
I'm gonna start really working on my drawing skills again . 
Who else is psyched for school tomorrow !? 
can't has a date to the dance ): 
It can't rain forever , can it ? u.u 
Changes his pic for the weekend . 
I just changed my facebook language from \English(US)\ " to \ " English(Pirate) \"!!!!" 
Played Halo , and an Xbox for that matter , for the first time today . 
Procyon Vatra- A creature that seems to always get more than it deserves through luck or mischief . 
I'm looking at you through the glass , don't know how much time has passed ... hm hm hm hm hm hmm hm hm hmm hmm .... 
OMG , it's snowing ! 
* sigh * another Christmas morning , full of yelling and chaos ... 
And another Holiday comes to a close , filled with yelling and chaos as the children are consumed by the greedy green-eyed monster . I had a bit of a nap , but as usual , today was as depressing as any other holiday . But I look forward to the future , where I predict much joy . 
Ever had an angst cloud just randomly hit you in the face ? I feel bad and angry right now , and looking back , I can see several people and events to blame . Ugh ... I'll feel better later . 
Ah , sometimes some pocky from someone you love just fixes everything . 
I feel so useless :/ 
<3 
Such a beautiful day today . It's a shame that the Doctor Who marathon has such worthy competition . But , whatever ... outside wins . As soon as I'm done babysitting , at least . 
Missing someone so much V.V 
* sigh * 
Feeling so good . 
My video camera runs on AAA batteries . Three of them . That's three times three A's , more than DOUBLE the number of A's in a camera that runs on two AA batteries . I do admit it's inconvenient to need three backup batteries on hand instead of just two . But I will remedy that as soon as I can find a nintuple A battery . 
My computer died , it may be fixed soon though . I'm typing this from a puplic comp lab . 
Free time is great , unless you have no one to spend it with . I'm missing all mah buddies v.v 
My computer still ish dead , and I am out of .... idk ... something that would be funny that would bring a computer back to life ... I'm too tired to be funny right noa , get off my back , you vultures ! 
Caught up on my favorite webcomics ... I think . Cant catch up on =3 (Ray < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) in a library though . 
Yo yo yo , got a new computer , and it's not a pile of junk this time , we're talkin ' quad-core , Windows 7 y'all . 
I finally read the end of Concession . And I ish satisfied . 
