Went looking for a Christmas tree in the woods with momma on the four wheeler , still didn't find one we wanted guess we'll check out the boy scouts ... 

Just got home from school , momma got a tree .. guess we get to decorate it tomorrow night ! She has to go searching for the ornaments now ! 
off to see some guy named < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is grumpy grumpy grumpy ... 
wooo hooo ONE more day til the BIG guy gets here !!!!!!! 
is being dragged around today , something about momma having an agenda and a timeframe ... looking forward to school in January ! 
Enjoying time with my Daddy ! 
Waiting on Daddy to get home so we can get ready for our road trip ! 
Leaving in morning for Oklahoma .... :) 
On the road again ! Yipee Wahoo ! 
We are back in New England at Daddy's house ! What a road trip ! 
Had some fried clams chowder and clam cakes for lunch down by the Atlantic MMMM good ! 
anxiously awaiting scallops , shrimp and sole ... daddy takes forever to get my dinner on the table ! I am hungry ! 
Is excited my cousin Cassafrass is coming to < PROPFEMALE > out with us again this weekend <3 
is having the best time ever ! 
Started home schooling today until I can start at Meeting Street in a couple weeks :) I can't wait to start at the real school .... check it out at MeetingStreet.org 
Just finnished first week of homeschooling and loving it ... but I get to go to real school starting the week after next ! 
Finally some sun ! Yipee no more rain , Please ! 
Can't wait til Friday so that I can have PT in the big pool at school !! 
got some mail today from some very special people and it made me smile !! 
Don't forget to wear BLUE tomorrow to show your suport for AUTISM AWARENESS !! 
Hope everyone is wearing BLUE !! 
Finally found a pair of sandels that fit perfectly !! WOO HOO ! Now if I can find them in the right color !!! 
Looking forward to 02:22 AM !! 
Looking forward to celebrating my birthday next year .. 
.. for my birthday I got to goto the ER followed up by the Doctor , two shots , and missed out on having a party .... but I am finally feeling better so I am going to Coco Key and nothing will stop me from swimming my heart out tomorrow ... 
Coco Key = fail ..... should've know it would sell out a day in advance ... Now what to do ? 
Paw Sox today with < PROPFEMALE > and the tribe .... Red Sox tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > and Cass !! 
so glad school is finally off break !! 
Einstein is smaller than I was when I was born !!! I was 19 inches He is only 14 !!!!! I am finally bigger than someone and its a horse !! 
hopes Cass feels better !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
red Sox v . skankees tonight ... 
< PROPMALE > is being sold .... anyone interested holla at us ! 
does not like the rain and being trapped in the house .... 
So there was what appeared to be a rabid coyote in the front yard ... maybe it had distemper .. but none-the-less not a fun sight on an already miserable rainy day .... sure wish I knew where he went .... 
If anyone has a copy of my newspaper debut ... please let me know so that I might get a copy or two for my scrapbook ... hit me up for my address !!!!!!! 
Had a great time at the beach with Momma and < PROPFEMALE > ! Spending night at hotel is my favorite part ... Pool tonight and I don't have to get up super early to goto dad's we are so much closer !! 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Please will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week-this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
Summer GAmes started today .... relay race today bowling tomorrow and baseball come monday ! WOO HOO !! 
Bowling today at SUMMer GAMes was a success ... even though I just about fell asleep .. really shouldn't have extended swim lesson before hand ... OH well I loved it ... especially the time in the pool ! BASeball Monday ! 
Had leaches stuck between my toes .. not fun ... Family Reunion was a success ! Even though I was tired cranky and had leaches on me ! 
packed all day yesterday .. now if only the truck hadn't died we might have made more progress .... hurry up monday so momma can fix that lemon ~ 
Federal Hill will never be the same :) C'mon WEdnesday already ! 
gettin ready to go ride < PROPFEMALE > !! Woo Hoo can't wait <3 my pony !!!! 
Having a great day playing with all of < PROPFEMALE>'s and < PROPFEMALE>'s kids !! Now headin home for dinner and bed !! 
