Just Broke my friggin ankle----Don't ask how !! 

It's my Friday , Yea ! My ankle still hurts !! 
Today was a fairly good day 
is liking these cool mornings ! 
Happy Tuesday ----- Everyone ! 
Good Morning 
YEA !! I'm off for the week-end 
Yes , it's Monday 
is working every other day this week , it sucks !!!! 
has to work Saturday . UGH !! I'm off Sunday 
Sunday is good , back to work on Monday 
Monday , Monday 
Life is good !! 
car radio has a ghost in it , going Tues . to get new radio ----- lots of money ----- UGH !!! 
Really Bad weather this morning -- rain-rain-rain !! 
Loving these cool mornings , just not ready for Winter . 
It's Cold in South Ga .!! 
it's summer here again !! 
back to work in the A.M. 
Good day it's back in the 80's 
Friday --- Yay !! 
Good Morning Monday 
Wed . is hump day --- yay 
Don't forget to Fall back to-nite , time changes --- back 1 hour . 
about time to leave for work 
two more days then I'm off for two days --- yay !! 
it's my Friday today . cool outside 
It's Friday the 13th !! 
Saturday , Saturday , Saturday 
Great Sunday !! 
Momday & the race is on !! 
Thanksgiving so close & so many things & people to be Thankful for !! 
is tired , tired , tired !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all 
had the Best day after Christmas , got have my grandaughter spend the night , she is so perfect , thanks to her Mommy . 
we have geese in the pond !!! 
Go Saints !! 
is over the superbowl & ready to start anew 
it's snowing in So . Ga . !!! 
is doing okay 
Fla . Skunk Ape sited in So . Ga . ( Lakeland ) LOL !! 
needs to hear from family , how's it going son ? 
Back to work Fri ., Blessed to have a job & Blessed to still be able to work 
today is the 1st day of the rest of your life , make it count ! 
is sooo ready to retire or just quit her job !!!! 
works Sat . & Sun ., when off Mon . & Tues . -- crazy 
TGIF !! off for 3 days , YEA !!! 
had a Heart Attack Sun . Back home today & doing well . Thank all of you for caring !! 
gets tired so easy --- darn heart attack , I'll show you !! 
The Holiday Season is here !! 
Can you get the old facebook profile back ? 
enjoying having my son & granddaughter here for a few days , once a yr . is not enough !!! 
Too damn cold in south Ga . 
Why is it when you do your best to do your job , the boss or someone else is out to get you , after all the years you've worked ?? 
