I love the Family Insight program ! it is cool , and addicting . Nite ! 

Every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose family but you can choose friends ! 
I find myself in an interesting pickle ... My first hometown College Kansas State and my current hometown college BYU - playing each other in NCAA BB Tournament ... Who to root for ??? It is indeed a puzzlement . Go Cats ! Widcats and Cougars ! 
I just read The Remarkable Soul of a Woman by Dieter F Uchtdorf . I highly recommend it ! If you are feeling burdened , sad or tired ... It helps . i treasure the book , it was given to me today by a dear and cherished friend . Thank YOU !! 
I am the beneficiary of an Excellent and productive Saturday ! So rare , so marvelous . Got the To Do's knacked by noon , so I can indulge in some guilt free ME time . Wow ... what a concept . < PROPFIRST > Fogelberg on the cd ... laundry processing , and i get to chill and multi-task at the same time . The small joys of life are good today . How about you ? 
Thank you so much for all the birthday wishes . I appreciate the thought and time you took to remember me . i hope your day is wonderful too ! 
I wanted to express to all my friends and colleagues at Creating Keepsakes , CKM , CCG , and whatever else it may have been called , a sincere thank you . It has been a joy to know you all , and has been a great 10.5 years of growth and changes . 
My position at CCG was discontinued today and I am sad to lose the daily\ 
contact I enjoyed with so many friends , both at the Bluffdale office \ 
and other offices too . so , please keep iin touch ... and if you hear of a \ 
lovely employer that would need a wonderful new employee ... Let me know ! 
I have an interview on Friday ! I am trying to remain calm and keep my arms and legs inside the car ... for my own safety . But it is hard to do whilst doing the \HAPPY DANCE\ " ! :^) " 
Thank you all for your lovely thoughts and prayers . The company I interviewed with last week ... chose another person to be their latest \newbie\ " . * sigh * So ... it is back to the grind . If you know of any wonderful employers that need a great new employee ... Please let me know ! " 
This has been an AMAZING week thus far ... I have had 4 phone interview screenings with 4 separate potential employers and I had one interview today and another scheduled for Thursday ... and it is only Tuesday ! Very Cool ! February is good for me so far ! :^) 
I landed on my trash and the front of the dumpster stopped my forward momentum , with my forehead . Ouch . I have a cut on my forehead from hairline to brow on the right side . It is only a little deep at the top for an inch or so , then goes into a scratch by the time it reached my eyebrow . My face is doing it's technicolor healing best . 
The fascinating and blessed part of this is ... The Lord has just overwhelmed me with blessings since I had the fall . I am amazed and extraordinarily grateful for everyone who has rendered assistance and taken care of me . Thank you all so very much . 
Well here it is ... TA-DAAA !!! I begin my new job on Monday ! I am so grateful for all your thoughts , prayers and support on my behalf . Thank you very much !! it is just really sinking in .. I am employed ! Yes !! 
