I hate it when you let someone get close to you then they destroy your emotions and feelings like they're getting revenge . Maybe it wouldn't be so bad if I actually did something wrong . 

My knee is out of place and I can't get it back in ! Ahh this sucks !! 
Knee has been out of place since yesterday . I think I'm gonna need to go to the hospital but no insurance .. crap .. 
Hospital says to go to a specialist which means surgery ! yayyy .. :( 
T-Pain's mix tapes are sick ! 
Just discovered playing basketball is awesome . Sunburns are also not fun . 
somehow woke up sick on such a beautiful day 
Who wants to swap a 1JZ into a Cressida ?! I know I do ! 
Workin on the engine . 
Really hate work .... 
Workin on the 1j . Hit me up ! 
Gonna try to remove my transmission by myself in the morning . I'm gonna need some rest ... and to grow 2 more arms .. 
Off to remove my transmission . Feel free to stop by . 
Sifting through the pile called life .. I think I need to go out tonight ! 
Definitely could use a good friend . 
Work , then the Lightning Game ! 
Headin to Tampa !! 
There's a 24 hour starbucks in Tampa .. What gives .. 
More engine work . yayyyy ! 
Ballin it up !! 
BRUESTERS ! 
Coffee then engine work . fun Fun FUN ! 
Same shit , different day . Coffee and then breakin down 300 horsies . 
About 21 hours in the last week I've put toward this engine . Off to tack on a few more ! 
Love Harbor Freights return policy 
Planet smoothie :) 
Ballin !! 
Happy 420 Everyone and Good Night ! 
Thumbs up to everyone I < PROPMALE > out with yesterday ! Good times ! 
Up way too early .. 
Sofa < PROPMALE > gorgeous ! 
Chicken biscuit . Chik-Fil-A . Want one ? 
Ballin !!! Hit me up if u wanna chill . My evening is free tonight ! 
Hit a puddle going 50 around a bend in the pouring rain tonight . Ended up facing the wrong way on the road , stalled out , missing a mud flap , mulch all over the side of my car , and side trim hanging off .. All the unintentional sliding gave me enough excitement for one week . 
I feel like I haven't seen a good effort from anyone in a while . The president blows , 95% of co-workers suck , and no one seems to try anymore . 
In a crappy mood today . Wish I knew what would make me feel better . 
I need a new job . Anyone's work hiring ? 
Tired .. In any and every way possible . 
Modern Family is rediculously funny . 
Publix sub for some brain food . 2 Quizzes , 1 Project , and a lab .. It's draining ! 
Finished all my schoolwork , getting 2 new back tires tomorrow , interview at outback tomorrow , and made the < PROPFIRST>'s list . Good day I'd say with things to look forward to tomorrow . 
Goodbye lip piercing :( . I'm all for tattoo and piercing acceptance in the workplace , but jobs that pay - aren't . 
was able to change his work info thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Rouh !! 
Study , study , study ! 
forgot how extensive the testing is for Outback . I've been studying all day . 
1 of 8 more nights at Pizza Hut ! I'm countin down !! 
Wutev yo . End the going-nowhere train . 
6 shifts left until I rid myself of Pizza Hut !!!!!! 
People piss me off . 
Went to walk the dog and grabbed the remote like I was going to use it as a leash .. As I stepped over to the dog I said to myself , \Why the f**k do I have a remote in my hand . \ " \ 
Studying and hoping for the best for all my friends . Been thinking a lot about the people I know . I hope everyone is doin okay ! 
The most intense mind-altering drug is truth . 
The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them . 
If you are not part of the cure , then you are part of the problem . Be part of the cure . 
The best things in life are not things . 
My last day at Pizza Hut !!!!! OrDeR A PIZZA ! 
Studying . I have to pass this test ! My job depends on it ! Monday is too close and too far all at the same time . 
Food for Thought : If you are truthful things will work out . Not always in everyone's favor , but definitely for the better , and sometimes in the long run it ends up in everyone's favor anyway . You never know what will happen tomorrow , next week , or by next year . But to be dishonest , is just a waste of everyone's time in any and every which way . 
I don't know what the key to happiness is , but I do know that trying to please everyone is not it . 
Over it ! Looking forward to all the new people I'm going to meet ! 
Nothin changes in a world that needs to change .. 
Make a better today for a greater tomorrow . 
Alllllmost over .. 
You ever find yourself saying I'll miss that person , but I wont miss their lifestyle ? 
Continue to focus on the wrong worries and you'll never move forward from this point in life . 
Wewt , Tuesday June 1 ! My bday ! 
Happy birthday me ! 
Stupid people will say stupid things . Stupid things said - turn into stupid decisions made , stupid decisions make stupid outcomes , stupid outcomes means stupid life , and stupid lives are what keep stupid people stupid . Stupid is , as stupid does . Break the pattern and be free , if you can't , you're stupid . 
It's only time wasted if you spend the time trying . 
Every time you make a choice it affects the very next moment . So in a small way , you control your own future starting with the very next choice you make . Make it a good one ;) 
If she could only see the difference between right and wrong .. 
Do you and I see eye to eye ? 
Why can't we pick a moment in time and live it forever ? Re-experience the flood of inexplicable feeling , so great , that you wished it would never be over . And so great , that when it is , you want it back forever . 
Shitty night . Hopefully I can get some work done on my car tomorrow . That'll cheer me up :) 
More grease monkey fun tomorrow 
Six months of labor and the engine drops in my car Wednesday September 15th ! The years of dreaming about this happening finally becomes a reality ! Even with the weight of the world on your shoulders you have to make time to enjoy the things that make you happy . 
Very frustrating day . Engine didn't fit by half an inch .. Had to pull the whole engine and tranny out again . Tomorrow is a new day . 
I miss my car :( 
How you play may be the way that you say goodbye today . 
2010 has been a shitty year . 
It's like I'm in the eye of the storm . A whirwind of shit and now , nothing ? I don't remember the last time I didn't have some kind of problem to deal with . Whatever , I'm down ! :D 
Day 3 of cutting back .. Losing my mind . Haven't had a smoke in 15 hours and only 3 cigs in the last 3 days . 
Complete winter solstice lunar eclipse happening tonight/now . To anyone that is awake - go outside and take a look at it . The last time this happened was almost 400 years ago and the next one to happen is unknown . Enjoy the nature given to us , for it is truly amazing . 
