No more 20 hour road trips for me , thank you . 

sucks at waitressing :( 
nvm ... better waitress than cashier xP 
dude , if another customer tries to hit on me , he better tip more than a dollar u.u 
Vietnamese Coffee is like crack . 
Every time a customer calls me sweetheart , I want to punch them in their face . 
Love it when things just fall into place :) 
will be home on Tuesday ! :D ( if all goes according to plan ) 
is home ! 
less than 24 hours ... 
got to Tokyo safely ! 
??? ? ??? ‘ ? ???? ???????? ????????? ?? ????? ???? 5 ??? ?? ???????? 
no internet for awhile , ill post pics eventually ! miss everybody ! <3 
finally has internet at the dorm and doesn't have to use her neighbor's sucky wifi .... 
wishes she were aprox . 3in taller so that she wouldn't have to stand on her tiptoes to see the stage at a live performance :( 
wants to kick herself . 
went shopping & spent too much money . That was smart . 
would kill for some viet coffee . 
can't sleep . Stupid typhoon . 
thank goodness I decided to smuggle in that box of nyquil .... 
Ummm ... I think I just experienced my first earthquake @.@ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! <3 xoxo 
Happy New Year Everybody ! Here's to health , happiness , & no regrets <3 
white 
Today I met a forty-something-year-old hostess interviewing for a job at a English cafe . She then tried to offer me a job at her bar in Roppongi . Wow . 
will be on plane back to the US in a few hours ... 
I'm baaaaaaaaack ! I have my old number , but no one else's < PROPFIRST > :P 
Thanks everybody ! <3 you guys :) 
Today I saw a crow sneak up on two girls like a ninja and steal a bag of food , no joke . \ 
\ 
I TOLD YOU THEY WERE EVIL !!! 
I am a graceful ballerina : B 
HA ! Looks like I'll be making it to 1st period after all ... 
Facebook has not been helpful in finishing this essay , but this half litre of coffee might be ... 
Woot ! Done :) \ 
I just hope that it won't be horrible when I read it again tomorrow after the caffeine wares off XD 
Despicable Me isn't out in Japan yet :'( 
Will be home on the 3rd , broke and jetlagged xD 
is hoooooommmmeeeeeee ! ( and definitely jetlagged ) 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! <3 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Joyeux Noël , Gleðileg jól , ????????, Buon Natale , ??? ?????, & Feliz Navidad ! <3 
I was accepted for my field placement !!!! YESSSSSSSSS !!! 
Worried for everyone in Japan and the Pacific . Hope everyone and your loved ones are safe ... ????????? ~ 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! Love you all ! xoxo 
wonders what she's gotten herself into this time .... 
