? • *¨* • ?? HAPPY ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? NEW YEAR ?? *• . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? 2010 ? ? ? HAPPY ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? NEW YEAR ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ? 2010 ¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? 

is crazy about God and knows He's crazy about me , too . 
thinks if I were you I would do whatever it took to get to Jubilee tonight at 6:30 pm . Your world will never be the same . 5910 N W Street at the corner of Airport and W . 850-474-9484 
is so ready for Florida , but so not ready to pack . 
doesn't have enough hours in the day to read as many books as she would like . 
is packed and ready to hit the road . Just have to get through this workday first . 
... plans for the move are almost complete . Only four things left to do on the \to do\ " list . Unfortunately one of them is to pack the whole house . :( " 
is going to need mucho help loading the trailer next Tuesday night . July 28th . Come one come all . :) And then come down to Florida to help me unload . :) 
had an awesome night in great company . 
is happily disappointed . :) 
may be running late now but at least I got all of my orders placed . :) 
... 1 year ago today ... : 0/ 
is paying tribute to all of her Nashville homies via profile pics for her last week here . 
is starting to get sad . :*( 
can't believe that tomorrow will be her last shift at work . :o / 
... something is missing . I think it's you . 
... umm I think I'll just rebuild my brick wall if that's alright with you ? 
loves her sister more every time she opens the refridgerator . 
is still up putting stuff away . 
just woke up to < PROPFEMALE > saying she needed to go potty in her mouth . For those that don't speak two year old this means throw up . Looks like we will miss our first Sunday at Jubilee . :*( 
is ready for the beach tomorrow !!! 
was glad to hear your voice today , even if it was by accident . 
has a couple of amazing children . 
is headed to the beach ! Hi haters ! 
thinks a thunderstorm is brewing . First we played at the beach and soon we will get to play in the rain !!! Good times . :o ) 
... keep your ears open for \The Ghetto Blasters\ " album dropping soon . " 
really has to get her days/nights back on schedule night owl that I am . 
has been officially declared gay . 
needs one more person to become a fan of Mellow Mushroom Pensacola's < PROPFEMALE > so I can win the contest . :o ) 
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances : if there is any reaction , both are transformed . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ( 1875 - 1961 ) 
... God must become an activity in our consciousness . 
really wants to cook but isn't the least bit hungry . 
' s family is complete again . 
needs encouragement ... and a job . 
feels silly for behaving like God is incapable . 
is ready for her niece to get here ! I love you , Charli < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is telling her storm how BIG her GOD is ! 
Guard your heart above all else , for it determines the course of your life . 
is wondering ... do you serve in your church ? Or are you sitting in the \I\ " chair ? " 
is excited about tomorrow ! 
has amazing people in her life . Very humbling . 
is rooting for the Tigers from 443 < PROPMALE > away ! Go Tigers Go !!! 
\A woman's heart should be so lost in God that a man needs to seek Him in order to find her . \"" 
is GO TITANS ! 
* That * was * not * a * kick* !!! 
YES !!!!! YES !!!!! YES !!!! 
C'mon TITANS !!! 
Sudden Death sucks ! 
Remembering today ... \Let's Roll \"" 
really wants to get through this book so I can start another one . I have been wanting to read the Time Traveler's Wife for FOREVER now . 
is praying for healing . < PROPFEMALE > is sooo sick . Say a prayer for her please . Believing for a praise report in the a.m. 
is putting Philippians 4:6 into practice this week . 
... listen up devil . Get your checkbook out cuz you're about to payback everything you've stolen from me . Punk ! 
is excited to see the Vols get obliterated in the swamp . GO GATORS !!! 
is really looking forward to the Jubilee Women's Encounter . 
loves you ! 
is excited about subbing tomorrow . I will have 6th , 7th , and 8th grade for Math and English . 
... here I am to worship , here I am to bow down , here I am to say that you're my God . 
is fearfully and wonderfully made . 
is ready for opening day of the Jubilee Media Center . Bring your money and come see me ! 
needs a good name for the church media center . Well sell books , tshirts , and sermon series . Any suggestions ? 
... The results of the Florida v . Arkansas game today is PROOF that PRAYER WORKS !!! 
thinks my sister is going to have a baby today or tomorrow . 
is just waiting for the call that her niece is on the way . 
... you've stolen my heart , yes you have . 
\Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn " 
' s heart is hurting right now . Need the Holy Spirit to tell me what's up .. 
is learning a lesson in < PROPFEMALE > . 
is sitting at home thinking about how much she loves her sister . 
... today is my fake birthday ! 
is not a very cool person ! like not funny at all !! 
oops .. typo . Meant to say Lupus is not a very cool person ! Like not funny at all !!! 
has a new baby niece . Charli < PROPFEMALE > McClendon was born today at 6:11 pm weighing in at 9lbs 15oz . 
wants to formally invite you to come with me to church tomorrow . Let me know if you need a ride and I'll come get you . I'll be at Jubilee in Pensacola at the corner of Airport and W . 9am , 11am , and 6pm . 
is excited that Charli is going home today . Now we can get our quality time that I have been craving . 
... ask God to break your heart again . 
is walking away from this weekend with a new love , exhaustion from working too hard , bruises from playing too hard , and a newly broken heart . One of the best weekends ever . 
hates < PROPMALE > ! 
loves ... 
has had the best pre birthday day EVER !!! I have the most amazing family . 
had an awesome birthday . I have the most amazing family and friends on the planet ! 
has her head in the clouds . Haven't felt this good since I was 29 ! ??? 
... let me know if I can have the pleasure of taking you to church with me tomorrow . 
can do all things through Christ who gives her strength . 
has a 5 day weekend due to hurricane < PROPFEMALE > . Happy birthday to me ! 
>>> Hey everyone ... Look at < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s profile pic . He's got doo doo on his face . 
is thankful for her sense of humor . Laughter is sooooo good for the soul . 
is about to get undignified . 2 < PROPFIRST > 6:22 
is disappointed in the Tiger Athletic Department for the first time in my life for firing < PROPFIRST > West today . Truly disappointed . 
says it feels like Christmas waking up at Hunny's house with most of the family here and the Christmas tree lit up . Getting ready for a big breakfast . I love my family . 
' s love language is quality time . I have been really loved this week . ? 
fought the bedtime battle tonight ... and I WON !!! 
is spending all her time in the kitchen tonight . ??? 
... \Obedience pays off . \ " -Me " 
is looking forward to tomorrows celebration !!! Coby's 10th birthday party is tomorrow . I can't believe I have a 10 year old !!! 
has the whole week off . I so love this teacher schedule . Two more weeks off for Christmas and then two months off in the summer . ??? 
is just plain thankful . 
is wishing a Happy Birthday to my Coby . He is 10 years old today !!! 
is coming to the Sunday night service at Jubilee tonight . C'mon everybody . Starts at 6:30 ! 
will be heading to Nairobi , < PROPFEMALE > for a Missions trip on April 22-May 3 . I have $3350 left to raise . If you would like to make a tax deductible donation on my behalf please let me know or you can call JCO at 850-474-9484 . 
hopes to see some of you friends at the Jubilee Christmas Banquet tonight at 6:30 ! Come surprise me and oh yeah , there's FREE FOOD !!! 5910 N W Street , Pensacola , FL 32505 850-474-9484 
needs someone to call my phone so I can find it . 
is headed to Nashville tomorrow for Christmas !!! 
is a PJC student ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > Wagner ! 
... The hardest lesson I ever had to learn was that my independence , which is what I considered to be my best quality , had to be laid on the altar and I had to embrace my dependence . 
hot pink 
is about to roast hot dogs in the fire for her last meal ! Forty days of fasting and prayer starts at 9pm . There is still time to join in ! 
is praying for the Navy Base and its military personnel !... Day 6 ! 
is praying for the pastors of this city !... Day 7 ! 
is praying for < PROPFEMALE > Benson Pratt Councilwoman at large and < PROPFIRST > M . Valentino county commissioner . Day 8 !!! 
is praying for the businesses of this city . Day 9 ! 
is praying to end child illiteracy in Escambia County . Day 10 ! 
is praying for the children of Escambia County . Especially < PROPMALE > children . I pray that they all find good homes where they can be blessed like my sister . :o ) 
is praying for < PROPFEMALE > DeWeese , Councilwoman for District 3 and < PROPFIRST > Jerralds , Councilman for District 5 . Day 12 ! 
' s son just broke her computer screen because he sat on my computer . This day just keeps getting better and better . I think I'm just going to call it a night . 
alright , pricing new computers . HP with killer graphics , huge screen and blu < PROPFIRST > capabilities $699 . < PROPMALE > book pro for $1699 ? Why the $1000 more ? Is it really worth that much more ? 
... personal day to pray for personal needs . Day 13 ! 
Hi everyone ! Just wanted to let you know that I just made some homemade wild blueberry muffins and some double chocolate muffins , also . They will be available tomorrow at the Jubilee Store for a donation of $1 or more . Eat a muffin , send me to Africa . It's a win win . 
is praying for the leaders of churches today . Day 14 ! 
is praying for Christian media in Pensacola . WBHR , WEGS , 95.7 FM . Day 15 ! 
is praying for < PROPFIRST > Hall , Councilman for District 2 and < PROPFEMALE > Young , County Commissioner . Day 16 . 
is praying against lawlessness and drugs . Day 17 ! 
is praying for the missionaries that have been (* ahem * or will be ) sent from the churches in this city . Day 18 ! 
Shaken Together is a proud supporter of Priceless Twenty10 Women's Conference ! 
is praying to end abortion in our county and to see the abortion clinic on Village Oak Drive closed . Day 19 ! 
is praying for Century . Tonight is Century's prayer meeting at 6pm . Day 20 !!! ( Half-way there ) 
has homemade blueberry muffins and brownie cookies at the Jubilee Store for a donation of $1 or more . 
has BIG faith !!! 
serves a GREAT BIG GOD !!! 
... Tonight is the night for the Parent's Night Out . Bring the kids , have a night out , and send me to Africa !!! 6:30 - 10:30 pm at Jubilee . 5910 N . W Street , Pensacola , FL 32505 . Only $15 for the first child and $10 each additional child . Dinner will be provided . 
wishes everyone a Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day !!! 
There is no greater love than to lay down one's life for one's friends . ~ John 15:13 
has Gulf Coast Savings Books !!!! $ 1,000 worth of coupons for only $12 ! Buy one for each car . Funds go to support Jubilee Christian Academy ( who in turn is supporting my mission trip to Africa) !!!! 
is having a rough day . My heart is heavy right now . 
loves Jubilee Church and it's Pastors . 
was supposed to have $ 2,000 in the mission account by today . It's not there but my faith still is . The devil can't trick me into believing that what God said wasn't true or that I didn't hear Him correctly . I * know * Him !!! 
is so blessed that she was able to be with her precious < PROPFEMALE > as she took her last breath . 
... This has been the longest week of my life . And it's not over yet . Can't wait to get back to Pensacola and live in my life again . But I tell you this ... the mantle of ministry that was placed upon my grandparents , I will proudly pick up and continue what they started . World ... you ain't seen nothin ' yet ! 
wishes one of her friends would rent the duplex next to me . 3 br/ 2 ba for $750 a month . Off of Kingsfield Road near Palafox . It is a really nice place with new appliances and very clean . 
has a duck . 
wants to know what you all think about someone who has a photo album that has almost 200 pics that they took of themselves with their cell phone trying to look sexy . You know , the shots from above , pouty lips , the \I'm not looking at the camera pose\ " . Any comments ? " 
Is in love with a guy named < PROPFEMALE > !! 
has no voice . Like none . 
loves when He blesses me with something that has been there all along but He waits until I am ready to show me . He knows best and it is a privilege to obey . 
has < PROPMALE > on her heart right now . 
wants a National Day of Prayer . 
is deleting a \friend . \ " You can not bash my family and my house in your \ " about me\ " which by the way is nothing about you and only about putting other people down . Goodbye ! " 
is super excited about Pre-K chapel tomorrow . I missed it so much last week . Just wondering how I am going to make it through 2 months of summer without it . 
is getting more and more worried that her mom has not answered or called back . Just read that at least one person has died right by the intersection by my old apartment in Nashville . 
... Whew . She's okay . At a concert and has to stay in downtown Nashville for the night . 
2 Chronicles 7:14 
Just picked a huge wegie !!!!! Felling much better !!!! ;) 
needs to teach < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > how to be really funny . 
just got the sweetest notes from two 2nd graders at my school for Teacher Appreciation . When a kid says , \Thank you for being nice to be . \ " ... #priceless " 
just got the sweetest notes from two 2nd graders at my school for Teacher Appreaciation . When a kid says , \Thank you for being nice to me . \ " ... #priceless " 
seeing the pics of Opryland Hotel breaks my heart . I had some of my best memories there watching the water dance , looking at the koi fish , and eating at the revolving restaurant . 
has one less woman to wish a Happy Mother's Day today . Missing my grandmother today . 
wants to remind everyone to pray for our Hunny , < PROPFEMALE > Saale . She meets with the doctors at 3:00 to hear what her options are . Pray for favor , peace , and wisdom for her . 
... alright everyone ! Time to press in in your prayers for < PROPFEMALE > Saale . She is in surgery right now . The doctor said yesterday that he wasn't sure exactly what procedure he could do until he started the surgery . In his words it would be a miracle if she got the exact surgery she was wanting . Good thing we serve the only God . You know , the one who still does miracles everyday . :o ) 
... They are closing incision should take 1 hr nurse emphasized all is good . 
... She's in recovery ! < PROPMALE > is waiting to talk to the surgeon . 
wants her mom . 
isn't worrying about anything , but is praying about everything . Philippians 4:6 
can't wait ' til Saturday !!! 
... I am not scared of you . You are the one who is scared of me and I'm calling you on your bluff . You have no idea what you have gotten yourself into ! You musta forgot I'm from Memphis . 
... Though the world sees and soon forgets we will not forget Who You Are and what You've done for us . 
just realized that today would have been my 9 year anniversary . Crazy how things change . 
desperately needs a trip to Nashville so I can pay < PROPFEMALE > Bradshaw a visit . 
is ECSTATIC that they are on their way !!!!! Oh , happy day ! 
needs a < PROPMALE > size bed frame . Anybody have one they want to bless me with ? Or a table ? 
... Alright friends . As of Friday I will be without income for two and a half months so if you need a babysitter or help around the house , I'm your girl . 
loves that my sister sent me on a scavenger hunt for dollar bills inside my car after she used it tonight . She rocks . 
just woke up ! Coby is still sleeping . We all had a blast at the lock-in . 
needs someone to call her phone ... until I pick it up . Please . 
found my phone . Thanks ! 
is ready to grill out ... all I am lacking is the grill . 
is wishing all of the dads a Happy Father's Day . 
... what an awesome night . My jaw dropped at least a dozen times . 
has a date Wednesday night . Not everyday I get to treat my sister to a $70 dinner . 
is at the beach . 
... glitter ... glisten ... gloss ... floss ... 
just got date jacked . How does that even happen ? I thought I was in charge here . 
is ready for a weekend in Nashville with < PROPFEMALE > Marra Burks . 
has been friends with < PROPFEMALE > Marra Burks since before cell phones had color screens . #technologytimeline 
is ready for today . Back to work . 
' s boyfriend is cooking dinner tonight now that I can finally eat again . Yum-o . 
' s switch got flipped today . 
is going to be eating fish for a while . My man caught 40 fish last night . That should cut down on the grocery < PROPMALE > . 
is ready for chapel . Send in the kids . 
sent him out again and this time he came back with over 100 fish . Fish tacos anyone ? 
is beach bound 
just got apples and < PROPFEMALE > for Rosh Hashanah . Yummy ! 
is in fund raiser mode again . Africa is in my future ! 
needs 24 people to give $100 to the Africa Mission trip . You can give via paypal to chase@shakentogether.com . 
just needs 22 more people to give $100 for the Africa Mission trip . 
$1 Wednesday at Pretzel Maker in Cordova Mall . Tell < PROPFIRST > Savage I said hi . 
needs a set of 26\ barstools . " 
don't forget see you at the pole tomorrow . 
is wondering about the latest news on papaw . My heart is telling me it's not good . 
please God ... just one more Christmas . 
is cleaning the house . If I don't show up for church tomorrow morning send search and rescue . 
wants her Papaw to know that she loves him . 
... JCA teachers love Pretzel Maker's $1 Wednesday . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Savage ! 
... What an ending ! 
just woke up from my nap feeling a lot better . Now I'm ready to actually enjoy the rest of my weekend . See you at MOMENTUM Jubilee Church . 
... don't look me over , I'm waiting for you broken . I want to be used by YOU ! 
... what a day ! I am living in the momentum ! 
still needs your help ! 
got my Mefloquine prescription . No weapon ( namely malaria ) formed against me shall prosper . 
is less than a month away from departure . Still need your support . Some people are called to the mission field , others are called to help send those that are . If you can help please make a donation at www.chaseonamission.com . 
is leaving for Mozambique in three weeks ! I am going to have a yard sale Saturday , November 13th . If you have items that you can donate to help out I would greatly appreciate them . This would be a great way to help me for those of you who want to help but don't have the finances to do so . I can come pick up items from you or you can bring them to me . Message me if you need to make pick-up/drop off arrangements . 
just got the yellow fever vaccination . One more thing checked off the list . Now to get all of this jewelry ready for Fridays fund raiser . 
JCA teachers and Jubilee staff will get a sneak peek at the items available for the Shaken Together Jewelry Sale taking place this Friday from 2:00 - 4:00 pm in the foyer of Jubilee International at 5910 N W Street . 
had a great sneak-peek sale for the teachers at JCA today . Hope tomorrow's sale goes well also . 
... It's my fake birthday today !!!! Come do some jewelry shopping this afternoon at Jubilee Church from 2:00 - 4:00 ! I have items priced from $1 to $25 . All proceeds are going to the Mozambique Mission Trip . 
forgot to mention ... I will also have Pampered Chef catalogs at the Jewelry Sale this afternoon in case you want to order something for your kitchen . A portion of all Pampered Chef orders will also go to the mission trip as well . 
has a plane ticket to Mozambique . Leaving the 15th , coming home on the 29th . :) 
' flight departs in less than two weeks . Can't say thank you enough to all of those who have sowed into this trip . If you haven't yet and you would like to be a part , I can still use your help ! Visit me at www.chaseonamission.com . 
... Hey friends . Don't forget that I am having a yard sale next Saturday to raise money for the Africa trip . If you have any items you can donate I would greatly appreciate them . And thanks so much to those of you who already have . 
I praise God for my job , the people I work with , a great boss , and knowing that I am in my place . 
has a boss who likes to hack her facebook and brag on himself . 
had an amazing birthday . Thank you for all the birthday wishes . Now I just need a Tiger victory over the Vols to top it off . Go Tigers Go ! 
is one week away from take off ! If you can send a last minute donation that would be awesome . $5 , $10 , $15 , whatever . You can click on the donate button at www.chaseonamission.com . 
' s boyfriend spoils her . :) 
is getting ready for a Yard Sale ! 
so ... I got an email about my ad on < PROPMALE>'s list . I don't have any of these items yet but does anyone have any of these items they want to donate ? \ 
\ 
Any golf clubs ? \ 
\ 
Anything military related ? ( gore-tex jackets , \ 
panchos , parkas , flight jacket , flyers jacket , old Japanese flags , \ 
knifes , uniforms , medals , pins , military coins , bayonet , old or new helmets , \ 
Tactical Assault Gear TAG vest , GEN III uniforms ) 
is headed to bed ! Yard sale early in the morning ! You've got to come check it out ! 
had a successful first day at the yardsale . Now come out and see what all I put out for tomorrrow ! 
is still having a yard sale . Come now and get everything 1/2 price . Still have a TV , a big toy box , strollers , a bird cage , plates , a remote controlled baby mobile . Fill a grocery bag full of toys for $1.00 . Fill a bag of clothes for $1.00 ! 
is leaving for Africa tomorrow ! 
is in Africa . Just landed in Johannesburg . Flying to Pemba tomorrow . Lots of pics to come . 
wishes < PROPFIRST > had a facebook so I could tell him how much I miss him . 
' s mind is blown in Africa . 
wants to say hello to all of my friends and family back in the States . I miss you all and can't wait to tell you all of the stories about what God is doing in Africa . 
is going to bed ! It's Late : 58 in Africa . 
is thankful to be spending Thanksgiving in the bush . There is no better way to catch true thankfulness than that . 
starts the long journey back home in just a couple of hours . 
is home . 
wants to thank everyone who made the Mozambique Mission Trip possible . Look through the pictures and see your fruit . 
is so blessed to have such an amazing boyfriend . He got me the first live Christmas tree I've had since I was a little girl . 
is so excited about < PROPFEMALE > Miller Lancaster , < PROPFEMALE > Lancaster , and < PROPFEMALE > Lancaster coming to Priceless 2011 . Any of my other girlfriends coming ? 
is driving the big girl truck . 
is headed to Nashville this weekend . 
is signing up to be an Arbonne consultant . 
is in Nashville ! Hit me up ! 
... Anyone out there use Arbonne products ? 
just got my Arbonne shipment ! :) Been a consultant for less than a week and already have an opportunity to attend the conference in Las Vegas for the cost of air fare only !!! 
Anyone need any Arbonne products ? I am only $187 away from being in qualification to be a District Manager by February 1st . I'll even throw in my discount ! 
made it to the first step of qualification for District Manager with Arbonne ! Thanks to my friends who helped me to get here ! Now I just have to tackle January and I will be a District Manager by February 1st ! I'm having my launch party Saturday , January 8th so if my friends come and support me , it will be no problem . Also , I'm making headway in earning a free trip to the Atlantis in the Bahamas in August ! 
God is good . 
is about to place an Arbonne order ! Anyone need to order anything ? 
has some awesome giveaways lined up for Saturday ! Someone will win $100 Arbonne order for FREE ! One entry just for showing up . Get an extra entry if you bring a friend . Get another entry if you book a party ! Plenty of other giveaways , too ! RSVP . 
is having a drawing Saturday for $100 of any Arbonne products you want . Just show up and get an entry . Bring a friend and get another . Book a party and earn another entry . Pass it along ! 
is excited about tomorrow . Can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > out with everyone ! 
Well , the party was a huge success ! But everyone pray for < PROPFEMALE > with me ... she has a really high fever . :( 
just closed out my first Arbonne Party !!! What a huge success ! < PROPFEMALE > Saale got five of the RE9 Advanced products for only $65 just for hosting the party . Who's next ? 
Hey friends I need your help . I've been given a challenge by one of my Arbonne teammates . I need 23 people to call and listen to this pre recorded message about the Arbonne business . The number is 712-432-1011 and the access code is 459840694# . The call is about 20 minutes long . Let me know when you listen and I will ask 4 simple questions . I will win a $50 gift card if I reach my goal ! Help me out friends ! 
Dear Africa , \ 
I miss you . \ 
See you soon , \ 
< PROPMALE > 
needs to have two Arbonne get togethers this week to make my goal . Who needs a girls night ? 
hit my first goal on the Strong Start Program . Can't wait to get my tote bag . Now I'm only $ 1,671 . 50 from promoting to District Manager ! 
will send you a FREE Arbonne Aromassentials Awaken Sea Salt Scrub ( a $28 value ) with every order of $150 or more . Offer ends January 31st at 10:00 pm . You can shop online at www.chase.myarbonne.com 
is so close to promoting to District Manager . Help me get there and I've got so free stuff to give you . First of all , I'll give you 20% off everything through tomorrow night . I also have a FREE Awaken Sea Salt scrub for orders of $100 or more . A also have one RE9 Advanced Set ( a $323 value ) for the first order of $350 or more . 
alright everyone . Last Arbonne party of the month starts in 30 minutes . Wish me luck . I am $996.50 away from my goal . 35% off of all orders sent to me by 11pm CST ! District Manager , here I come ! 
came close at promoting to District Manager last night but finished just $775 shy of making it . BUT ... this month , it's in the bag ! Oh , and am halfway to earning the Bahamas trip . 
is halfway to earning a FREE trip to the Atlantis resort in the Bahamas ! I love being an Arbonne consultant . Anyone want to earn the trip and come with me ? 
just finished the flier for the JCA Middle School Fundraiser ! Help send these kids on their spring break trip to New York and Washington D.C. 
just finished the flier for the JCA Middle School Fundraiser ! Help send these kids on their spring break trip to New York and Washinton D.C. 
will be at In His Steps Christian Dance Studio and Performing Arts Center from 3:30 -7pm working the Arbonne table to raise funds for Miss < PROPFEMALE>'s mission trip to Bihar , < PROPFEMALE > . 
is having a $100 Arbonne product drawing for everyone who host a get together in February . Let me know if you would like to earn some free Arbonne . 
\You are more than the choices that you've made 
made it ! I will definitely promote to District Manager with Arbonne this month . :) 
P90X ? 
Attention JCA parents ! Please make sure to stop in the lobby today at dismissal and check out all of the greatly discounted products available for purchase . We are having a drawing for a giveaway , too ! All profits go to the JCA Middle School trip ! 
... what a great Sunday ! :) 
made it to District Manager ! Thanks for helping me get there ! 
is looking to expand the team . Ever thought about having your own Arbonne business , earning an extra income and free trips ? Next week I will pay for someones Arbonne Consultant sign up fee . You could start your own Arbonne business at no cost to you ! March is going to be a big month for us . I can get you signed up just in time to earn a free trip to the Atlantis resort in August ! 
is ready for the 10th . I have over $ 6,500 toward my FREE trip to the Atlantis resort in Nassau , Bahamas . If you join my team this month , you will have just enough time to earn a free trip to Atlantis for yourself ! 
P90 ... omg ! 
Only three more days to sign up for free at www.bamboopink.net/chase 
is super excited about Shaken Together being a vendor at BeulahFest this weekend . 
is out at < PROPFEMALE > Fest til 11pm . Come see the booth . It's #113 
... Ever wanted to try Arbonne ? Did you know that the RE9 Advanced Skin Care line was given away to celebs at the < PROPFIRST>'s gifting suite this year ? If they get free Arbonne I think it's only fair you do , too . If you want to try it message me your address and I will get your goodies in the mail . 
is ready for another trip to Pemba with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Let the fundraising begin ! See you in Pemba as soon as we can get there Brit . :) 
Relax , everything's going to be all right ; rest , everything's coming together ; open your hearts , love is on the way ! ( < PROPFIRST > 1:2 ) 
Dear Carnival Fascination , I will see you tomorrow . It cant ' come soon enough . Love , < PROPMALE > 
is ready to see the kids . 
... Anyone want to win a free ipad2 ? Sign up to be a consultant at www.bamboopink.net/chase and I will send you details on how to enter . 
