Talent show , kareoke , card games , improv , ninja , signs , toasts , and just being with all your great friends ! Have a new year everyone . :) 

I like singing ! * Sings * I like dancing ! * dances * I like trains ... Oh crap 
Now that i have my claw , i can fly ! 
is totally going to buy madi ice cream and come say hello to her tomorrow so they can party because she is sick and totally misses him . Madi told me to write that :) 
< PROPFIRST > Cage's song \4 minutes 33 seconds\ " . Check it out " 
Spumoni !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It rocks . 
Spumoni !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It rules ! 
this is a status change 
' s facebook has been taken over by < PROPFEMALE > !!! Mwahahahahahaha ! :) 
I am floating away . Lost in a silent ballet . 
Going to the transformers midnight showing !!!! 
Seya people , im off to dinner , then Transformers !!!! 
Find a road to a humble abode where both of our routes meet The silver sound is all around and the colors fall like snow 
Computer is crashed , so i use my sisters laptop :) Thank you Sis ! 
Im going to start a poll , < PROPFIRST > shaves his head for Warbucks in the play . Who's in ? 
In all honestly , I can't sleep out of boredom . I'm just to bored to sleep 
Doctor : Tell her The Doctor is here . Doctor Who ? Just the Doctor .. * Sound of cup breaking * Assistant : Im sorry but She is up to her head in paper work and .. Doctor : She's climbing out the window isn't she ? Assistant : ...... yes . 
Sorry to everyone who has called or texted me in the last few days and i havent replied , i dont really have my phone right now and i need to get it back , but its kind of hard to get something back unless you have a phone or they're on facebook often ... So 
Parades . Sunglasses . Chinese Food . The fierced game of Uno ever play . Failed to pull the Master Sword . \I didnt know you could be criteacted on how to be a stool ? \ " < PROPMALE > Hill Theme Song . Mint leaves . Hacky Sack ! Glow Sticks . Firework Analogies . Popcorn an " 
These big city dream are what you're about Walking like stangers among these states Only time will tell how long I can wait 
Like only a month away before we preform , hope we'll be ready . 
Is Sick . :( 
You remind me of the babe 
Still way sick :( 
Really hope i feel better soon 
Does anyone speak whale ? 
10 people has already asked if i have swine flu . im pretty sure i dont :) 
have you ever shouted random acronyms at people ? Quite an enjoyable task i might add :D 
My cat smells like waffles !!!! 
It's a very dangerous thing to do exactly what you want ... Because you cannot know yourself or what you'd really do ... With all your power . 
Finally got his < PROPFIRST>'s milkshake . But found out Yoyo shaved his head ! 
Just got back from < PROPMALE > Potter and now feels like saying everything in a British Accent . 
I like the box becuase in the middle of Kellogg's is ello . Like a British greeting . Ello Govna ! 
Im pretty sure that for the next two weeks , i'll have friends with birthdays , and birthday parties every single day ... Sorry if i dont get you all gifts ... 
Why would anyone build a fridge that sucked away all your processed ham slices ? 
Is so exhausted ! Got back from the coolest Quincenera ever !!! My Spanish skills were put to the test today , i may have failed .... but i got a cool new friend that speaks no english , but lives in Cancun !! Good times , good times ... 
Studies have shown that if a wood < PROPMALE > could < PROPMALE > wood , then the wood < PROPMALE > would < PROPMALE > about 700 pounds of wood . ( True stuff ) 
Just got my schedule 
Elimy and < PROPFEMALE > ! I sure hope you guys like your present ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! I hope you guys like your most amazingly coolest present ever ! 
I'd like to make myself believe , that planet earth turns slowly . its hard to say that i'd rather stay awake when im asleep , because my dreams are bursting at the seams . 
< PROPFEMALE > , your ab-so-lute-ly fan-tastic ! 
Only 4 more days ! Well basically 3 .... 3 MORE DAYS !!! 
i'd say that today , AMAZING ! I have such amazing friends , one and all ! 
today was a pretty good day in my perspective . I was with friends , family , an doing what i love(who says i have to be good at it ? ) Thats the defintion of a good day . :) 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! 1 
Brilliant times last night ! No better tradition than going to < PROPFIRST>'s till who knows when .... and drinking salt water ..... 
Its not my fault ! The seatbelt tried to eat it ! 
Really needs a job , anyone ? 
i lost my schedule ... lol !!! 
One word : Nirvana 
Lol ! My friend just made my day by saying that the only reason she hates the first day of school , is becuase she never knows where to sit !!!!! LOL !!! < PROPFIRST > , your awesome ..... 
Hey look , im acutally able to be online , yay ! 
wow , its expensive to have a life .... lol 
\You're only as tall as your heart will let you be And you're only as small as the world will make you seem When the going gets rough and you feel like you may fall Just look on the brightside - you're roughly six feet tall \"" 
is sore 
What the Baba Yetu ?! 
And what better way to say \i love you\ " than with a gift of a spatula .. " 
Emphasis 
Really wants Ocboter 11th to come 
Mwahahahahahahaha !!!! 
Is at Snowbird this weekend !!!!!!!!! 
you just have the coolest feeling in the world , when you go to Yahoo , and click on the exclamation point on the end of YAHOO ! 
I get to stay another day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Has a working computer with internet now . :D 
HAHAHA !!! looking at my statuses over the past months ... really remind me of good times . I love that app ! 
i DO quite enjoy the color green . Why ? Because i am a banana and < PROPFEMALE > has a weapon which i cant fight off because my spoon is just to big ..... 
today went really good !!! 
Paint . War . Nough said :) 
Meet me on the Equinox Meet me half way When the sun is perched at it's highest peek In the middle of the day 
i miss being covered in paint ..... 
26 hours ! 
my phone doesnt know how to spell taco ! 
Math equation : < PROPFIRST > has 2 chips . < PROPFIRST > eats one chip . How much chips does he have left ? 
i wish is was tomorrow , then it would be a happy WINDSAY !!!! 
School is a pain , and it may dominate your life , but not what you are , or who you are . School , although a < PROPMALE > part of life , isnt life altogether , so have fun , and dont let it get to you , but dont push it away altogether . :) 
BANZAIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
well , on the bright side , if zombies storm in , all the people sitting will be eaten first . 
Chior Concert . Dun Dun Dun 
Reeeeeeeeeeeally wants some milk 
Gunna attempt to find some'in to eats , then tear up some clothes , possibly a nap , then off to the concert 
tomorrow is Plush Animal Lover's Day and National Chocolate Day . So get your favorite stuffed plush animal , and covor it in chocolate everyone !! 
exactly two weeks from tonight !!!!! 
I wasn't just any angel today ...... I was a MANLY angel . ( inside joke ) 
< PROPFIRST > , where did the fourth dimension go ?!?!??! 
today was good 
Everybody likes that i had a good day yesterday :D lol 
Just spent litterally the last 5 AND A HALF HOURS with a vaccuum getting all the pet hair off the couches ..... im hungry 
Who sings that song ? Yeah lets keep it that way ..... 
What ? I can't have a facebook just because i dont have a face ?! 
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre was originally entitled Headcheese , but was changed at the last minute . I like Headcheese better 
Procrastination , thy name is ..... i'll finish it later ..... 
Just invited a crap load of people to Dracula , and i really dont expect that much to come .. thats why i invited a crap load :) 
You have a choice , you can press the button and .. OKAY ! * press * I didnt even get to explain ! * Exlposion heard outside * 
The one day i have free for litterally two weeks .... and i have nothing to do ... 
Fourth Kind . Intense . Holy crap 
Going now to start writing some scripts/plots/ etc . while listening to some Sondre Lerche . 
Its in your blood ! Thats racist . Your Soul . THATS racist . Your eyes ? Thats Gay ? Thats homophobic . Thats black . Thats Racist ! Darn .... 
Opening Night !!!!!!! WOO !!!! And yet ..... * shifty eyes * 
2 Hours ! Hope they got all the kinks worked out ! And remember to not step on the string !!!!!! 
Thats right , im on facebook at lunch time . And Apparently I have reallly good Boyfriend hair .. Is that like a common sense defintion among all girls ?!?! 
Got sold out fast . Signed autographs , tonight was good , and not over yet . On to Improv ! I love that when i ever get blown off , something elso always opens up for me to do !! 
Glad that im able to do < PROPFEMALE > now !! Man i make my life busy ... but better than nothing .. 
Improv+Mow+Excelent Dracula Performances+ Getting to do < PROPFEMALE > = One VERY duable weekend :) 
I REALLY wish i had an Ipod . I love my music , but i can only listen to it in my room . I want to listen to it on the go !! 
the soap in the boys bathroom smells like sausage . 
This week has been pretty fun and everyday about thrity inside jokes are made . I dont even thing im joking ..... 
Tonight went good , and yet ANOTHER set of inside jokes 
I've got a Lovely buch of coconuts . Merv Griffin is my hero 
Making the Dracula cast member list now :D 
there's no sense crying over every mistake you just keep on trying until you run out of cake and the science gets done and you make a neat gun 
Are you suggesting coconuts migrate ? 
And remember , No Smmmoking , and No Flash Photography . < PROPMALE > Hertzfelt is a mastermind creep funny man . It sounds wierd , but it makes sense when you watch the videos ... 
There is soomething REALLY SHINY on the mountain . That's right < PROPFEMALE > , i told you i was going to , and i did 
I just want everyone to know that < PROPFEMALE > was really discovered by Yodeling Panda Bears while they were on tour . The French Language came about when the Natives were taught ancient Yodel Panda songs , that were later adapted to todays French language ... 
I've been spotted ! By the Standard Examiner ? I thougth the reporter was only writing a review , not putting the pics up ! lol thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Okay , Cast Party = Awesome . Wii games onto Night Games ( which I owned ) Huge Coffin Shaped Cake , and Cutting < PROPMALE>'s hair ! ( I had the shears ) Then playing Improv Games , really fun time 
Gets to go laugh at people at midnight , but then also feel sad becasue i dont get to get the great deals for i have no money . but then laugh again at all the people freaking out over a washing machine ... 
Whats the best thing since sliced bread ? Leftover Turkey sandwhich between the two slices ... Need i say more ? 
Needs a Cowboy hat . 
Is sleeping on the couch tonight .... But my several month long quest is nearly finished !! But im no kidding , it did take me several months to clean/rearrange/organize my room .... 
Today was awesome ! I PAINTED MRS . J's WALL !!!! its amazing 
First Perfromance . Ify ..... but we still had fun ! 
This argument was brought to you by the letter O . \OOOOOOOOOOOOOH ! \ " OOOOOOOOOOH ! \ " OH ! \ " oh .... " 
Look at me ! I'm the < PROPMALE > of New York ! * Refrence * If you know it by heart , your my hero . 
Going crazy because he cant drink milk .... 
The Crossing Guard leads me into traffic ... 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > , but you gotta admit it was funny though ! :) 
I think the concept of weekend doesn't apply anymore . I swear I had school on saturday before singing to the blind . 
< PROPFEMALE > Packer's car if officially the party ride/ coolest vehicle ever ! < PROPFEMALE > Packer 
Yes , I actually DO have a lovely coconut . its amazing . I plann on getting more . 
3 hours + friends + Bernini , Rembrant , and Some Crazy guy = crazy iside jokes brought by the power of < PROPMALE > ! and Moonlight Sonata 
A new additon to Mrs. J's wall of amazing MAY be coming soon .. 
Why is it that your parents get mad at you when they ask you what you want for christmas and you tell them you dont need anything ? 
So far these few weeks i have ...... up to seven parties i must attend . Any more i should know about ?! 
Oh wait I forgot one ! 8 then , 8 parties that i have been invited to ... ANY MORE I need to know about ?! 
AutotTuning has heelped me realize that the Shamwow guy actually gives you the stink eye during the commercial .. 
Apparently there is a Mancelles video somewhere on facebook .... or youtube ? 
If voilence IS actually the answer , it explains why dogs eat homework . Smart creatures they are .... unlike fish sticks 
No more Pneumonia !!! After 3 horrid days of being stuck in my house all lonely doinjg nothing i FINALLY get to go do things now !!! HAZAAH !!! 
Finally ! My Scrabble skills finally paid off ! Take that BananaGrams !!!! Ownage . 
Once I got better , my family gets sick . Its good to know that im usually the first to finish . -metaphor- 
I feel today trying to get into my friends car and they're having laughing attacks about it now . Even her mom 
man my locker is going to be full of sticky notes already and it'll only be the beggining of second semester ! 
I've come a long way this year ... so much has happened . This year alone i've made or strengthened so many friendships . I've done so much too ! I've figured out things i can do that i never would have fathomed I could do ! Not to mention the inside jokes .. Ha ! Good times . I just want to thank everyone whether i've know you a long time or not .. unless you have a snuggie , then no . Snuggiths are okay . 
Happy Birthday ....... EARTH 
Jeez ! I dont get on for two days and I have over 100 notifications , 7 friend requests , who knows how many messages etcetera , etcetera ... Jeez lol ! 
Really freaky ! Im coming home from school . Right as I turn into my street , I see almost over 70 crows all sitting along my house . I start walking and they all fly to the tree , and crow . Not any other living thing or sound coming from my street except crows . Right as I pass my tree , over the viewline of my roof , I see a flock of over 100 crows fly into my street and tree . Im not kidding , and there still there too ... 
I rode almost all the way home today with myeslf halfway through a sunroof . Anytime in Becca's car , is amazing 
Oh no i spilt my milk ! YOU\VE KILLED US ALL !!! " 
Alright . Who parked there car ........ on my sandwich ?! 
Mother's Greatest Torture Method : Waiting and smelling Home cooked dinner . 
Chemical ratios only invole content smiley faces wearing crazy hats . 
-- 1:30 am . -- finished my one act play . it ended up being 17 pages .... 
Who knew i'd have such a play oriented day ? 8 am-1230 pm : Paint sets for Wedding singer . 1-4 pm . : < PROPFEMALE > Rehearsal . 7is : going to see All Night Strut . 
Forget the Saltwater Room and pour me some Black Coffee !! I love both songs still . 
Stabbed a sticky bun , did a 5-10 minute long skit w/ < PROPFEMALE > ALL improvised , foot twister , clue , cooked dinner for 10+ people w/ < PROPFEMALE > . then faced the wrath of ninja < PROPFEMALE > at the dinner table ( videotaped ) . then to end it I listened to radio stations in Japan . All of this , in my pajamas as well . 
The scotch egg was actually invented in london in 1851 . Thats right . 
Do you ever think about stuff ? .............. No ....... 
Where is the Love ? * creepy < PROPMALE > face * The man . Heaven help us ! 
I wrote a Haiku about Goats today . 
I just learned that Nemo in latin means \no one . \ " Disney lied to me ! < PROPFIRST > was finding no one ..... " 
Dont get mad . Get GLaDOS . She has cake 
Its now Official : Humpty dumpty is a rubber ducky , The wall is made of pudding , and the floor is on fire . It took place at < PROPMALE>'s grocery store , and BAM ! The nursery rhyme just makes so much more sense ... 
Man , you know a dance number is coming great together when you have to hobble on one foot because your other leg is injured , and also during the middle of the number when you accidentaly just slap the lead in the face !.... Sorry < PROPMALE > ! 
Oh yeah ?! Well im writing you all prescription for LAME ! 
I agree with unamed kid with line 1 . Strawberry IS my favorite . 
You've never feeled more accomplished than whem you win a game of Majong on a touch screen computer at costume fittings .. Oh yeah , and I dress like a Pirate for < PROPFEMALE > ! How many of you can say you've done that ? 
I meant to do homework , but then I remembered there's still no school tomorrow ... 
I pointed at a car in the school parking lot and said it was blue .... the car was actually purple .... BLUE YOU TO MAHOGANY cursed purple maroon whatever car !! 
These next few weeks are going to be really tough , but you do whatcha gotta do , ready or not .. and stuff . I like stuff ... especially the kind that toasts . 
Opening night at the village green tonight ! Cuz its < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
We got a standing ovation opening night . This is gunna be a fun show i knew it :) 
He totally , Popped his bumber ! When he , rammed that laaady ! But theres no reason to STOP , and she if she's fine , she'll be fine , she'll be fine .... SHE'S FIIIIIIIIINNNEEEE ! 
No , this is < PROPFIRST > . 
Had the greatest time with < PROPFEMALE > ! Was really fun guys and cant wait for < PROPMALE > ! Im sad though that not everyone will be there .... 
I can now say that I've had an Opening night 3 days after a Closing Night . 
Last night couldn't have been better :) 
One of the best weekends of my life ! Everyone has to come see wedding singer before its over ! Its simply amazing !!! 
It sure sucks being young .... 
Oompa Loompas have never been more awesome ... 
Love the weather today !!!! Might just walk to the cast call tonight again ... although i usually end up looking like < PROPFEMALE > with all me costumes on < PROPFEMALE > back , but its worth it ! 
Just a few more nights , then some time to practice , then AUDITIONS , AUDITIONS , and more auditions of course .... 
The Flock of Seagull's have taken its last flight .... for now 
my hair on the sides wont come down ..... The Flock does not want to leave !! 
Hablo ingles ? asked the man . I replied , Im sorry , I don't speak English . ( but I said it with an English accent . ) 
Dont't you mean Lady ? Rrrrrrraaaaaadddy . Precisely 
Its not my fault ! The seatbelt tried to eat it !!!! 
Gently grasp the baby . Now , Toss the baby and lead into Downward Facing Dog .. Next we will roll down a hill randomly , read a tree's love note , then seductively sing to our country . Afterwards we may all go fall asleep in a movie .. 
Now your getting into the music ! 
Audition tomorrow ! I feel confidence ! 
I think my audition went ... contently . And I also figured out that I can make Pong noises !!!! Intense stuff .... 
Hales Theater is a copycat .... smart .... but a copycat . 
Don't you just love the feeling of when you find a new band that you like ? 
Oh the Tension !!! 
WHADYA SAY ?! I CANT HEAR YOU ! YEAH I LIKE TACOS ! NO , MY NAME ISNT PACO ! 
Had a blast in California ! I find it odd that even when i fall asleep on the beach twice ... the only part of my body at all that got sunburnt ...... was my nose . 
California was a < PROPMALE > blast ! But its good to be home ... can we all move to California now ? 
Its know proven that when someone asks Mrs. Hyde for a penicl , I do duck and cover . Truly happened today , by instinct nonetheless ! 
ITS GREEN !!!! Most epic jynx ever ! lol last night was the coolest ever ! 
Beauty and the Beast/Toy Story 3 preivews set to the sound of some airplane action scene from The Mummy = Epic proportion dubbing . 
Note to self : Make sure to chech the address before you order something from a different state .... im still tracking it , but finally after 17 missed calls they finally return my call , which i missed .... 
Nothing better to make a day then playin in the first puddles of spring and gettin soaked !!!! 
Life Goal 37 : When the kiosk employee is not present , leave an absurd remark on his/her facebook status . They're always on that site when I pass them ... 
BWAHAHAHAHAHA ! Its a hilarious day when you look at your friend requests and your mom got a facebook and requests you ... lol ! 
Dying Whales have been more fluent .... 
Guess Who gets to help work backstage with < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Dorsal Fins : Becuase we suck ! 
When im not busy moving a set or pulling the curtains .... I enjoy the way everything looks under a blacklight , Converse being the most noticable tonight . 
Math Homework ? Thats what mornings are for ..... 
So my house gets broken into by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez , and < PROPMALE > Aubry Sizemore .... they used my oven to cook pizza . My family wasnt phased at all by the ramdom teenage girls just poppping in the kitchen either ... 
So I've officially seen < PROPMALE > ! all the way through now .... I now realize , Im a way bigger jerk then I thought ... 
Jeez .. you take a small nap , from 4 to 7:30 and you totally miss everything you get invited to that day .... 
So when I went to the gym this weekend , I discovered for some reason that my left arm is weaker than my right , by far .... Oh and I tye dyed shirts !!!! 
The only time I can get on Facebook for the time being is at school . Irony ... but true . No access at home .... 
I am a child of god thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Richards . 
I believe that humans evolved from pirates . Consider that humans share\ 
around 95% DNA with monkeys , and more than 99.9% DNA with pirates . Think about it 
Has Connection !!!!!! 
< PROPMALE > Levinson I am going to miss you so entirely much !!! Have fun in Texas without us bro ! You better come visit man ! 
Sang for the assisted living today . I really enjoyed it alot ! Hope I can do it again ! 
Went to Castle Park , and discovered its a great place to spoof twilight .... Oh and < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and I meddled in the horror movie composing arts ... 
I look up to Kole Rohbock and his savvy media expertice . Kole Rohbock 
Is not aloud to shave for 3 months so I can look scruffy for < PROPMALE > . 
This ones asain . This one has beard ! This one is wearing a skirt ! Hey look more bathrooms . < PROPFEMALE > Dahl < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Yesterday . I hammertimed ! Then I shouted at llamas . Then I hammertimed while shouting at llamas . 
IKEA woodframes + Fire = JET PROPOLTION !!! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > Dahl 
Im so chill I gotta be measured in < PROPMALE > ! 
Its now official . I can now get reception in my mouth everyone . 
MARMITE 
Kansas .. is dead . < PROPFEMALE > Rust < PROPFEMALE > Alvey < PROPFEMALE > Fannon < PROPMALE > Adams 
After a whole semester , and nearly 2/3 of summer ... I am finally going driving with an instructor tomorrow !!! 
I think I might just have to give into peer Facebook pressure ..... Like my status and I will tell you a like , dislike , first impression and confession about you . 
Once again , and this shouldn't come as a suprise to anyone .... I've lost my < PROPMALE > script again ... 
..... and now I'm BACK !!!!! 
Still to this day my script has been missing ... crud 
Information on Cast nights are now up to ! So if you want to come you'll know which nights to go to see your friends/family or whatnot !! 
I might be able to help out with They're Playing Our Song ! SWEETNESS !!! 
So my account got hacked earlier .... If you guys got weird messages from me , it was a really lame hacker .... and I suggest that if you havent changed your password in awhile , that you should . 
Thanks for all the Birthday wishes guys !! Today has been pretty great ! 
My birthday , Productions Retreat , Improv Workshop/contest , and even possibly a group date . Pretty much this week is going to rock ! 
So im pretty much stoked ! 
So retreat was basically amazing in every way !!!! 
I want school to start , only on one exception !!! It can end after 1st period . 
I can't believe I slept through that wicked storm last night ... 
Tech week started yesterday and the memories from the < PROPFEMALE > Wagner are just flooding back !! You Guys should really come to see oliiver ! Its going to be an amazing show right down to the set pieces ! Opening night is this friday , so come support us ! If you need more info just ask ! :D 
I < PROPFIRST > blood then died three different times , oh tech week you never let us down ! :D 
< PROPMALE > ! .... nuff said 
< PROPMALE > is going great guys ! You don't want to miss out on this great show , and there are still chances to come see it !! Any who want to should come ! 
First period , is basically like the only logical reason I can see for attending tomorrow ! 
JOY 
Play the violin < PROPFIRST > . 
Let us not forget . Honor those you love , and remember those whose lives were lost . God bless us . 
I think my family is now officially used to see me comming home covered in paint . 
Nerd Day . COMPLETE SUCCESS !! < PROPFIRST > Young < PROPMALE > Tesch and I utterly rocked the place . 
Day Date = SUCCESS ! It was hilarious ! Now i'm totally stoked for tonight !!!! 
Homework + Homecoming weekend = .... just no . it doesnt add up .... 
So I just recently learned that the Cap'n Crunch has a middle name .... who knew ... 
Sorry Guys ! My phone got stolen and the guy started charging money , so we turned it off .... 
Well . Its that time of year again ... spending aproximately 13-14 hours at school nearly everyday of the week . 
Guess whose now an uncle ! 
Thats right . I requested showtunes from facebook . I was just curious .... 
whose way stoked for today ?! well .... its , its me . Just so you know . YEAH ! 
Sorry guys , still no phone 
* fist punch * Get out of my corner ! 
Ah ! Oh ! Ooo ! WOW !!!! 
Thouroughly enjoying this fantastic General Conference ! Thank you 102.7 ! 
General Conference is just awesome ! and it ended with Sweet Hour of Prayer ! lol , if your in my seminary class you'd get why it't funny ! 
Today was awesome !!! General Conference . Hanging with the Tesch's! And guess what else !!! Showtunes played \Show People\ " for me !!! " 
I finally has another phone ! It's the same number I had before , but I don't have anyone else's , so Text me saying who you are so I can save you !!! 
I finally has another phone ! It's the same number I had before , but I don't have anyone else's < PROPFIRST > , so Text me saying who you are so I can save you !!! 
And remember ... Noo Smmoking , and no flash photography . 
Best question to ever ask a random person in a bri'ish accent : \You a'vent seen a giant bloo box ' ave you ? \"" 
\Bridezilla is gunna grape you in the mouth tonight if you hear a white girl say Bro with a happier and wider mouth ! \ " Pretty much the epitome of the day ..... " 
Choir Conccert Today !!! :D 
Bazinga . 
It takes Shakespeare , a genius , to come up with \He dies . \"" 
Had a great time today with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > taking pictures today ! And tonights gunna be a bigger party !!!! 
Opening Night tomorrow ! Come See \You Can't Take It With You . \ " Its WAY funny and a really great show !!! You guys will not be disappointed ! " 
Opening Night guys !!!! Come see You Cant Take It With You before .... well before you cant ! 
One of the best opening nights ever ? I think so ! Dont miss out on seeing , You Can't Take It With You !!! You may regret it !!! 
I had a one missed call today form 1000000000 today . 
I'm feeling better thanks to all the support of my cast members ! Thank you guys so much for caring ! We've all put sweat , tears , and a large portion of my stomach into this show !!! If you havent seen it yet , you better get some tickets soon ! 
Lol Everytime I'm on the computer I can hear all the different Disney movies going on in my nieces ' room a few feet away ! Man do I miss those times !!! 
Its official . I AM going to see < PROPMALE > Potter tomorrow . Most Likely ... 
Feliz Navi*Daniel Noise * < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Cross 
Tonight and Tomorrow night guys ! Last < PROPMALE > to see You Can't Take It With You ! Don't miss out , its waaaay funny !!! 
\Say Baman .... When are you going to make my little < PROPFEMALE > ... an honest tuba ? \"" 
Still can't wait for that morning to come that I wake up to a Mariachi Band singing Feliz Navidad . 
\Darn you Dairy < PROPFEMALE > !! I didn't order this blizzard !! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Saunders " 
Bananagrams , < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim , Sledding and Pie . < PROPMALE > , Turkey , and lots of Hair Dye . Just a weekend another weekend at my dad's lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Banana , would like to hear , < PROPFEMALE > by Bananarama ... Banana . 
< PROPFIRST > Nielson , you shall be missed ! No one could parody like that ole guy ! Rest peacefully , and try not to fly any airplanes .... 
It finally ends tomorrow . I'm excited . 
Mutual Tonight ? SUCCESS !!! Movie will be up on YouTube sooner or later , but it is gunna be SWEET !!! lol 
Oh , bleeding hearts of the world UNITE ! 
\Toast makes me feel dirty . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Odekirk " 
Maybe you shouldnt have any more donuts ... \DOGGIES HAVE FEELINGS !!! \ " No no dont give him any more !! \ " DOGGIES NEED LOVE ! \"" 
This number game has intruiged me .... Do your worst !!!! Keep it in the inbox though of course .... 
21 : So your are pretty much , waaay cool !!!! It was always a party going to schools singing in choir with ya ! Math was way fun last year too , but I dont see you as often this year !! 
1001 : ONE OF THE BESTEST FRIENDS IF EVER !!! And were not to shaby singing on a pre-play piano either !!! lol you are just awesome and talented in every way ! And also its not hard for you to brighten one's day or have a great time ! 
80,000,000 : I'd have to say without a doubt that you are the top of the most creative people I have ever met ! You've made almost failing a class some of the funnest experiences ever !! ( although it wasnt your fault , i just did NOT get chemistry ) 
22 : Can I say future American Idol ?! You are beyond amazing at singing !! Just so you know ! haha You are way good at acting too ! Remember when I first did Guys and Dolls with you guys ? oh boy .... lol but i've come far , and you've helpoed out alot ! 
6437 : BEST . AT . EVERY . THING . THERE . IS . TO . DO . WITH . < PROPMALE > . EVER ! And your a pretty awesome friend to !!! Hanging out more should be your BIGGEST priority . 
88 3/4 : If I had enough space to fill hundreds of status boxes , I still couldnt !! You are just basically the best thing thats happened to me if ever ! You are amazing ! And if your ever cold , I do have jackets :) 
5 : You a crazy one !!!! Lol Advisory was way fun ! Sorry I had to leave , but being an ambassador was fun too !!! I remember you first met me through text when < PROPFEMALE > gave you my number at lagoon ! 
72 : No handshake could ever trump ours ! I think that the best inside jokes ive made were with you lol !!!! Real fun times !!!! I think we need to have more , and < PROPFEMALE > out !! That and so I dont get lost finding your house with cookie dough ... 
33333333333333 : You were probably one of the first true friends I made when I moved to Layton ! And although you used to be taller than me ( even when sitting ) I totally grew taller than you !!! Haha the inside jokes we made when we < PROPMALE > out were pure idiotic GENIUS !! Its a pity I hardly ever see you anymore , like anywhere ?! Forever a skittle ! ( Oh and tell Becca to stop sitting so close to the computer screen ! ) 
17 : hahahahahaha !! Best of times definately !! You and me are like besties , and you are way awesome with everyone you meet !! No way could i ever take a spanish class again without remembering the times we've had and all the inside jokes we've made !!! You are too cool for me , but I still think we need to < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
5280 : You are , Amazing !! Just with everything you do !! You can excel at anything like on crack !!! You are really really talented and a VERY fun person ! And you can throw a party like none other !!! I'm so glad that I'm able to be a friend with the likes of someone like you ! 
1121 : We've never had a little girl before !!! lol You are like my bestie < PROPMALE > ! We always make the best jokes when we < PROPFEMALE > !! You are also very talented at singing and knowing when a friend is down ! Need to < PROPFEMALE > more often ?! I Think so !!!! 
I'm a User ! 
648,547,798,112,354,943,154,177,354,684,139 . 4 : This number probably is around the amount of good times we've made plus the inside jokes divided by all the pokemon pictures and raised to the power of concerts attended . Seriously though , i've never not laughed a crap load when we < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
3.14 : Ummmm , hello ? lol ! Good times !!!! If you werent such a sissy I probably wouldnt have a limp in my leg ! ( Jk ) We made lots of really funny inside jokes !!!! Good times indeed ! 
Haha , Nothing better to boost confidence like going to see a play at @Desert < PROPFEMALE > Playhouse , and having the professional photographer for the show hit on you and ask your age !! 
Man , you know what would be cool ? A camera with more than 6 megapixels .... There's cell phones with more pixels than that ! Lol 
You only wish you could be a cowboy/girl riding on a flying giraffe singing christmas songs . 
Shoulders . SHOULDERS ! ..... Those arent her shoulders . 
Just Dance ? I Jai Ho'ed the mama !!! 
Staying up till about 7:00 A.M. playing video games with friends ? Good times . Waking up at Noon and start playing more games ? Irony ..... 
I've never believed in yogurt . 
I just discovered that Elder < PROPFIRST > Robins of First Quorom of the Seventy is my third cousin . He makes me breakfast every family reunion ! This also lead me to the discovery that I am related to Geroge Reynolds , who fought the first freedom of religion court case in the United States . I had no idea :) 
What would Sunday's be without VegieTales or Psych ? 
Sparknotes , thought < PROPMALE > my hero ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Dobrowolski Is my MAN woman floutist . 
It sounds like pop rocks outside ! 
Subway and/or a Blizzard day = SUCCESS !! 
Man , I'm just in one of those moods where I really miss the good ole ' days down south ...... 
Taking Pictures and winning a Free Corsage and Boutinere coupon for Window Box ? Prom Fest was AWESOME !!! 
Hey Guys ! Show People opens tomorrow night !!! Come see me serenade , ON A BOAT !!!! That's right , I said it . Its gunna be a way funny show guys , don't miss out ! 
Opening Night !!! Come see show people you guys !! From Tights and Tutu's to Hippies to Cats !! And everything in between !!!! Show People is a hilarious show ! Don't miss out on the fun ! ;) 
I had four biscuts , and I ate one . Then I only have three . :D 
Show people Tonight guys !! Last week to see it ! Get your tickets soon ! I'm not joking when I say they are going fast !! They probably will have to add an extra row or two again ... Obviously its a pretty good show :) 
If you guys havent gotten them by now , your probably out of luck guys !!! SO few are left and just might be gone by tonight .... Last . < PROPMALE > . Guys ! But you can always borrow the DVD ... :) 
Lol so after the Drowsy rehearsal this morning , I came home and I think I passed out .... I just woke up like ten minutes ago with no recolection of anything but being half on the floor half on a couch ... Come see Show People guys !!!!!!!! 
A young boy in Layton , < PROPMALE > Dobbs , was hit today by a car on his way home from school . He is on his way to primary childrens , and is in critical condition . Please keep him and the Dobbs in your prayers . 
okay so even alaska is warmer than us today !!! 
Doritos commercials never disappoint ... Grandpa ?! 
Whale's don't have horns OR ears ! ..... Thats it's tail . Smooth one @ < PROPFEMALE > Wendel 
Last night was really awesome !!!! The Pie and < PROPFEMALE > Square then games at < PROPFEMALE>'s! Thak you < PROPFEMALE > for coming , your amazing ! :) 
Mission calls and mash ups .. I love hangouts ! 
We finished the mash up !!!! Im also so excited for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Eisenbarth , or should I say Elder Eisenbarth , who will serve in Birmingham , Alabama !!! Have fun learning spanish < PROPMALE > !!!! 
One day , I want to copy someone's status word for word and see if they'd notice . 
Day Activity was a total blast !!!! Who owns at Apples to Apples ?! Thats right ! Me ! Who owns at ImagineIf ??! Thats right ! .... actually I dont know , I didnt pay attention .... Who owns at Making Pizza's ?! That would be < PROPMALE > . Also , we all know to pick < PROPMALE > because he's so easy .. 
Sweethearts was basically amazing , and so is < PROPFEMALE > Rust !!!! Now I'm tired of all this resting , and want to do something ! 
You know those nights where when your driving home , and you just dont wanna stop ? Yeah , it's good thinking alone time . I think I might need to do it more often , but where will I find the gas money ?! 
I am < PROPFEMALE > bernards official 1000th text messager ! YEAH !! 
8 bucks for dinner , where should i go ? 
Everyone but me in my household is sick with like the flu or something ... and with tonight being opening night for drowsy chaperone , what my biggest concern ? That beacuse of the sick ones camping in the bathroom , HOW AM I SUPPOSE TO URINATE ?! 
To sum it up ... standing ovation on opening night . So you guys might want to come see Drowsy Chaperone ! Dont miss out on it !! :) 
Thank you thank you thank you guys ! Thank you to all the people who voted for me !! Also the people who have helped me so far !! I can't thank you guys enough !! dont forget to vote for me tomorrow at the Assembly guys !!! 
I am a really slow editor ! haha 
California Trip was basically amazing ! The Clinic was really fun and helpful ! Loved the Beach ! Had some really great moments with really great friends , and I pretty much almost was in tears at World of Color . I'm really happy that I at least made it home in time to watch the last session of Conference , and watch my great uncle address the world ! Go Elder < PROPFIRST > Robbins !!!!! 
Rest in Peace < PROPFEMALE > . You were part of our family for eleven years , and wont soon be forgotten . Many prayers of peace and God's love . We will all miss you . In better places and all :) 
Alliances made , world conquered , mini Key Lime pies in the grill ? In other words .. I kinda actually like the game Risk now ... < PROPFEMALE > Rodriguez < PROPFIRST > Franks < PROPFIRST > Sailsbery 
Apparently now even nail polish comes in High Definition ! 
I gots a reply :) 
I guess I should probably put up my Cali picks huh ? Hmm ... 
You have the cool , clear , Eyes of a seeker of wisdom and truth ;\ 
Yet there's that upturned < PROPFEMALE > And that grin of impetuous youth . \ 
Oh , I believe in you . I believe in you ! 
After three total days of addiction ... I completed DoodleGod 
It's to the point where even your brother comments on how tired you look .... wow lol 
Congrats to all of those who made Productions ! Next year is deifinately going to be a fun one for sure ! I'm excited ! 
So < PROPFIRST > bieber got a hair cut , but i heard he lots all his fans . I guess they didn't make the cut . - < PROPFIRST > Flint 
Prom pictures on their way ! Curse my want of high quality ! 
Farewell to my close friend Elder < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Eisenbarth !!!! We are going to miss you so much !!! You are going to be an amazing missionary !!! Good luck in Alabama !! 
