Just when you think it’s going to be a bad week , the waft of garlic and paprika cooking out in rendered goose fat reminds you that everything will be just fine . 

Are you up right now by < PROPMALE > ? 
Hungarian is the most impossible language . Ever ! Hungarian is not even called Hungarian , it’s Magyar . 
As many of you may already know , my grandpa passed away Monday night . A memorial service will be held Tuesday , August 3rd , 2008 at Hope Lutheran Church at 6 pm . My Grandma requests in lieu of flowers donations be sent to : Hope Lutheran Church Stained Gla 
Does anybody else feel a little paranoid over the security words Facebook give you when you add a friend ? Maybe I am reading too much into them ? 
High Five ! 
I am off to take my grandma to the big < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > show . 
is out-poking < PROPFEMALE > ... as of right now . 
Always good to start the New Year with a hangover . 
Znarf . 
I'm so excited about Sea World , I can't even sleep . 
Pandora Radio is not available in Mexico . That is dissapointing news . Heartbreaking step backwards in international trade . 
I think my plans of losing a few pounds on this trip are slipping away with every new culinary discovery . 
Bullfight ! 
I bet the Argentines are intolerable today . 
The Mexican Consensus on The Street : Anybody But Spain !!! 
So , am I the only one who thought the overbearing , bald ref was hot ? 
Facebook is overwhelming . 
It seems as though we will be heading back to Texas next week . Just a little more Mexican World Series Baseball and we'll be done . Adios Mexico . * Sniffle * 
What is the greater crime ? Having too much fake nacho cheese and not enough chips OR having too many chips and not enough fake nacho cheese . 
< PROPMALE > Clyne has just released their Texas tour dates ..... just in case you are as excited as I am . 
Smashing Pumpkins . Stubbs . Cool . 
Anybody up for a Black Keys Concert listening party on Sat , Oct . 9th ? the living room opens up dead in front of the Stubbs stage , just accross 9th street . You can't see , but you can hear gosh darn good . We can also start it a little early for all you dorks who actually have tickets to the show . 
Did anybody know there was a football game today ? 
Are you even supposed to be able to finish a bowl of Pho ? 
I am in MoMo's for the < PROPFIRST > Bingham after show . 
Rand < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > just played three songs . 
And < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > jr. I'm going to bed happy . 
There comes a moment when you ask yourself , \Am I too old to go to a rock show at midnight on a Sunday night ? \"." 
This is going to be some kind of crazy lazy day . 
I just purchased my first Groupon the other day . Groovy Lube Oil Change .... I'm coming for you . 
