Work Work , cheesecake factory tonight , that mean $130 dollars for one job , YES 

LCC tonight and done for the week ! 
Wish this < PROPFEMALE > suit had pockets , can't reach my phone ! 
On my way to < PROPMALE > , one job left tonight , might be back home before 5 tonight . 
YAY apparently 8am is supposed to be my lucky time of day , 25 minutes 
Wish it was friday already !!!! 
finally off , hour and a half from home , three things to say about that boolshit boolshit boolshit 
WWWEEEEEKKKKKEEEEENNNNNDDDD !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a goodnight ..... kinda , wish I could sleep more 
Chillin with my padre , about to go he and prep for a bbq , NOM ! 
About to football it up with the bros ! 
Tired as hell , heading over to whileys auction ! oh and fucking awesome night . 
Noooo , I don't wanna work , I want more sleep ! and I didn't get the jeep . 
Wow , someone up there loves me , I say I don't want to work , and the casino had a misunderstanding , job tonight canceled , bed here I come 
Can it just be time for work now , I don't wanna wait .......... boring . 
Yes , tonights gonna be easy , then paid in the morning , also my friday and 3 day weekend . 
Now I am a member of The Valley , gonna go work out and play basketball in a bit . 
I used your colgate toothpaste , the one with tartar control , AND IT MADE ME FEEL LIKE A PIECEOF SHIT ! 
mmmm leftover Brewer City Pizza , nom . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s , yes I think so . 
Went to my first concert today !, local bands but they still kicked ass . Especially Torture Box , If I were a Gladiator and Powerglove . 
I feel like I can’t miss I know they want me to fall But ain’t nothing bigger than this So just pass me the ball You know you looking at a winner I can’t miss , Can’t lose , Can’t miss You know you looking at winner `Cause I’m a winner Yeah I’m a winner 
Bed Time 
Off to work , YAY ITS FRIDAY ... for me . 
I love Tumwater police ! 
\To endure is greater than to dare . To tire out hostile fortune ; to be daunted by no difficulty ; To keep heart when all have lost it-who can say this is not greatness ? ' < PROPFIRST > Thackeray " 
About to head to work on a road trip , be back sometime next week . 
Lol Colville's Mayor is assistant manager at Walmart . Wow can't really take him that seriously 
YAY im home . 
At the Ram in < PROPMALE > , then done for the week . yeeees . 
I suppose its time to sleep ! 
Cuz everytime we touch i get this feeling and evertime we kiss i swear i can fly 
Being a NURSE means you < PROPFEMALE > immense \ 
responsibility & very little authority . You step into people's lives\ 
& make a difference . Some bless you , others curse you . You see \ 
people at their worst & best . You see life begin & end . You see \ 
people's capacity for love , courage , & endurance . Show some love for the nurses you know . 
Went to the Black Hills play tonight , it was awesome , sick dance scene and now time to drink . 
Went to Tugboat < PROPFEMALE>'s with my sisters and mom and got a barge burger , then my mom and I went downtown < PROPFEMALE > and watched a band that she knows play . Then went to my grandmas gravestone . 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! TO MY MOM AND ALL OTHER MOMS . 
< PROPFIRST > and I heading to Oregon on a mini-work trip . 
Mmmm continental breakfast i've missed you so much , and I love you and I don't ever want you to leave me again ! 
Back ! 
Yay headin to the Hard Rock Cafe in Seattle , gonna be a fun night of work . 
Just got back from the Valley with my bro < PROPMALE > , ran three < PROPMALE > , lifted some weights and played some basketball . 
Making < PROPMALE > and cheese and watching timeline before work . 
On the capital mall roof , still at work . 
Rain rain go away ..... 
Alright , home from work , bed time I guess , so I can wake up and go back to work . 
GO LAKERS !!!!!! 
Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
Freeway dance offs , nice ! 
Gettin ready for work , seems like I jus got back . 
Ok , series tied1-1 , Im fine with that . 
LAKERS ! 2-1 . 
Jailhouse burrito , the right way , chips and a cheese and meat stick . 
Way to punch the ref in the face . 
Lakers win , good last game , low scoring and bad shot percentage . Rondo is a beast tho , who is gonna get MVP ? 
This is the hunter’s badge of glory , That he protect and tend his quarry , Hunt with honour , as is due , And through the beast to God is true . 
Ya in Sequim and gotta wait an hr before I can start work . 
Alright , Im convinced , headin to The Valley . 
work work , easy night tonight 
Working at Little Creek Casino tonight , also my friday , YESSS ! 
Just got home from work , now time to do nothing . 
Goin to The Valley , anyone wanna play basketball ? 
Just saw a real life Klingon ! I've got witnesses . 
Bitch I go hard like the boy from 300 , you think y'all kickin , well boy we puntin , H2 baby we the shit weak stomachs . 
Finally home from work and headed to bed , if anyone wants to chill later text me . 
Watchin Leverage and drinking Dr. Pepper before work , Nice ! 
Two least favorite jobs tonight , awesome , I was already in a bad mood . 
Yes two Jacks and a Ram , easy night , fitting into small coverall , not so easy . =) 
Gonna watch some Leverage then go work out at the Valley . 
Got back from working out , now Im gonna head to the Nike store with my bro < PROPFIRST > Nguyen . 
Made a cheesecake today , about to try a piece . Hope its good , 
Im at the valley , anyone wanna play basketball ? 
Who does everyone think is gonna win the world cup ? 
Working out at the Valley . 
If I open a fortune cookie and it has no words of wisdom written down on a piece of paper , is that a fortune in itself , or was I just screwed ? 
YES , ice cream truck just came to our apartments , win . 
Went on a bunch of rides at lakefair yesterday , but now I can say I have been puked on by a complete stranger . 
\so who woulda thought there was a giant hole in the middle of the road ? \ " words of a biker who fell in it and spilled his drink he just bought . " 
HOME FINALLY YYYYEEEEESSSSS !!!!!! 
Gettin ready for work , fun weekend , just watched Youth in Revolt , its pretty funny . 
Work again , can't wait til Wednesday then Thursday ! 
Gonna chill at my house for a bit then go longboarding , gonna be a good night ! 
Mmmm peanutbutter pickle sammich , pretty good , nice call < PROPFIRST > . 
mmmmmm just made me some blueberry pancakes ! eat shower work , GAYYYY 
Life is to short to ignore friends , forget petty irritations and let friends help you with your problems , in return help them with their problems , just laugh about it ; in the end its all trivial shit anyway . 
Whats up faceboooooook ? If I can't go to the party , then I am having my own . 
So take me and break me \ 
\ 
and make me strong like you \ 
I'll be forever grateful to this and you ! 
I'm taking my time moving on , don't forget about after I've been gone . 
I never said I was a victim of circumstance ..... You can speak your mind just not on my time ! 
HAPPY FRIDAY THE 13TH EVERYONE !!!!!!!!! 
hmmmm what to do on my day off ? Football game today , Yes , < PROPFEMALE > out with Friends , Yes , Drink I hope so . 
Cause a disaster's a disaster no matter what Christian language you drag it through 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise awareness ; Thanks and God Bless You ! 
I love the show cops , but its even better live . 
sometimes I lay\ 
under the moon\ 
and thank God I'm breathing\ 
then I pray\ 
don't take me soon\ 
cause I am here for a reason\ 
sometimes in my tears I drown\ 
but I never let it get me down\ 
so when negativity surrounds\ 
I know some day it'll all turn around\ 
because\ 
all my life I've been waiting for\ 
I've been praying for\ 
for the people to say\ 
that we don't wanna fight no more 
WOW just watched an accident on the freeway ! 
9 Holes of golf with the bro's , we all had goofy pants on = WIN . 
I get by with a little help from my friends , I get high with a little help from my friends . 
Mmmm good food , good friends , and good football . 
Alright , week long work trip , text me please , no access to internet , =( 3608702078 . 
Old lady at < PROPFIRST>'s in Bellingham is talking to her reflection . =D 
Your past is never completely gone , its constantly showing itself in who you are today , and the choices you make , so make the best of the present , because it determines who you are tomorrow and also the choices you have to face in the future . 
Alright , football game at my house sometime tomorrow , it is gonna be tackle so dont wear n e thing nice . txt me for more info . 
Hey Dont Stop Believing , \Not to many people headbang to Journey\ " . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and I are just two of the few . " 
If\ 
you have a sister/s who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged \ 
you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept \ 
you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are supposed to \ 
be a promise from God that we will have a forever friend ! Repost if you \ 
have an Amazing Sister/s !!!!! ? I love all four of you . 
\I've got to crucify myself if I am gonna believe you\ 
Wow I think I just figures something out .... this sucks . I am still at work 
Work work , but at least its Friday . 
I don't condone stupidity ! :) 
Why am I still awake ?, this sucks . 
And when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for a while , cuz girl your amazing just the way you are ! 
ITS MY FRIDAAAYYY , YES ! 
Legend of the Seeker , is a legit show , just to let everyone know . 
Had a pretty awesome night ! :D 
If you want to see something fly , you have to risk watching it fall . 
I got my house all to myself until Friday morning ! Win . 
off to work , boring , but at least i am in town , :D 
< PROPMALE > The Elf , what's your favorite color ? 
It's only you , beautiful\ 
Or I don't want anyone\ 
If I can choose\ 
It's only you 
I guess the saying \sober as a judge\ " has new meaning . Tumwater judge hit a guy's car yhat works at Rivers Edge right after a game of golf . " 
You don't have to be alone , you're not alone . 
Your love is the most beautiful torture I have ever had the pleasure to endure ! 
Hard Rock Cafe in Seattle , here I come . 
Hmmm The < PROPMALE > of hearts is the only < PROPMALE > without a mustache , so maybe I should shave . 
Smiles is the longest word in the English language ! :D 
I push the like button on basically everything on facebook that makes me laugh , even if its just for a second , but then I never see them again , So pointless . Oh well . 
I am strong because I know my weaknesses . I'm alive because I'm a fighter . I am wise because I've been foolish . I laugh because I've known sadness . 
Had a hell of a good weekend , hope to do it again soon , like next weekend , :D 
She has no problem with secrets , \ 
She knows how to keep them , She never felt the need to let them show . 
Who's gonna call on Sunday morning ? \ 
Who's gonna drive you home ? \ 
I just want one more chance\ 
To put my arms in fragile hands 
take what you want from me , it means nothing now\ 
take everything from me , it means nothing now\ 
not so easy to forget , harder to forget\ 
take what you want 
I'm the easter < PROPFEMALE > hey I'm back\ 
Used to funny now I'm hooked on crack\ 
Heaps of heroine aint no joke\ 
Marshmallow peeps , covered in coke coke coke coke\ 
Coooooke\ 
Drugs for life that's my plan\ 
But now I have no attention sp ... 
Alright can everyone please text me your < PROPFIRST > 360-870-2078 , I just got a new phone and lost all my contacts . Oh and please include your full name . :D 
It's\ 
LOVE MY SISTER week ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , \ 
wipedyour tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , \ 
cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend \ 
forever . Putthis on your status if you have an amazing sister or sisters I got 4 . :D 
Anyone awake ? 
I'll begin again\ 
I was headed here from the start \ 
I paid my price for my part 
I love it when I can count on people ! 
Alcohol isn't a reason it is an excuse ! 
Wooowww , already waited an hour and a half for my last job , now i have to wait another hour . 
Put\ 
this on your status and see what people rate you 1 . Sarcastic 2 . I'd \ 
marry you 3 . Attractive 4 . Crazy 5 . I miss you 6 . I'd kiss you 7 . Moody \ 
8 . Smart 9 . Energetic 10 . Random 11 . Hot 12 . Funny 13 . Fit 14 . Amazing \ 
15 . Tough 16 . Cute 17 . Beautiful 18 . Nerdy 19 . Adorable 20 . I love you ?.. 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Lets raise awareness . 
20 minutes of sleep , im good for the day . 
anyone wanna go play some basketball at the valley ? text me , 870-2078 
Go Huskies !!!!! 
All I do is win win win no matter what 
If you were hanging from a < PROPMALE > with a 200 foot drop underneath you and your only < PROPMALE > of living was a rope . Who would you want to be holding the rope to pull you up ? Who would you trust with your life ? I know my answer . 
Missin you baby , I just I can't I can't just stop missin you baby , I love you more than I love myself . 
Woman of my dreams I dont sleep so I can't find her . 
God saw u getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around u & whispered come with me . With tearful eyes , we watched and saw u pass away . Although we love u dearly , we could not make u stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest .. God broke our hearts to prove to us , he only takes the BEST . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven u will miss this Christmas 
Today was awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
1st person to like my status - you can pick my profile picture for 24 hours . 2nd person - your last name will be mine for 2 days . 3rd person - can dare me to do one thing . 4th - I'll say I'm married to you for a week . 5th - I'll write on your wall \I love you\ " 6th person - I will answer a question for you . Put this as ... your status if you are brave enough . " 
Caddyshack , Yes I think so ! 
Just finished watching Joss Whedon's Dollhouse , and I am kinda pissed . 
I <3 Crazy people , they make life entertaining . 
Netflix you need to be nice and stop fucking with me ! 
Well < PROPFIRST > , FUCKING SEAHAWKS just beat the defending superbowl champs , I won the bet we made . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!!! 
This is my post ! 
If i was a capricorn , what would i be now ? 
Hey , your talking to me all wrong ! 
Dropkick Murphy's , ya I think so ! 
Whether your family and friends are close or far , you always have yourself don't forget who you are . 
I think monster should sponsor me ! 
Dropkick Murphy's all day !!! 
