going to camp tomorrow , will be gone for around 2 weeks in a row . 

Ceadar Springs was amazing , and I had the time of my life . I'm extremely happy and things got even better . 
So happy !!! = D 
going to Japan on Monday . 
Japan was so amazing ! Thank You Everybody !!! 
misses Japan and my friends from the trip . Can't wait to see you two again tomorrow ! 
Today's the day to remember Hiroshima . 
Day to remember Nagasaki . 
first day of school ! yay ! 
yay ! I missed the hatred and oppression from school ! 
Upperclassmen : Who agrees that the majority of Freshies and Softmores are completely retarted ? 
misses everybody from Japan and everything about Japan . You guys are amazing ! 
gots RAMUNE ! 
got my most important possession repaired and back . yay ! 
has an AP Euro essay to complete , and it's taking forever . 
miss them so much , and i hope they never slip away . I love you !!! <3 
hmm .... i guess i lost the game . oh well . XP 
\I'm sick of friends . Who needs them ? \"" 
Happy Demyx Day ! 
going to file harassment , and if the person from today sees this , I'll be praying for you and hope you learn . 
Every one of you preps : I am not your friend , Stop treating me like you would them . I'm done putting up with all of you , or I will involve the school . 
Yay ! I found the song I've been looking for , for two years . One less burden . XD 
became half-way deaf in my left ear for a while . Thanks a lot < PROPFIRST > Cribbs . People just keep pissing me off . Blah where's the reset button when you need it ? 
so freaking tired of being harrassed . At least I have 3 days off of school now . I'm happy for that . 
New Year's Resolution : Try to learn how to play piano and read music again ... 3-4 years without touching it kinda makes you bad . 
just started my account up again ... yeah i won't be updating much . Just wanted to catch up with some awesome people . 
the game ? 
Demyx Time 13 is out !!! 
Prayer request guys : I have a close friend who was planning to kill herself last Friday . I'm not going to give many details at all , but please pray for my friend . 
The musical was amazing . Congratulations everybody who was in it . It was very entertaining . Now off to Congress this weekend . Well .... my fun is over . 
Higurashi no naku koro ni ... wow ... this just is messed up ... gotta love it tho ! 
Shopping for play . check . Memorizing lines . check . last thing is to get blocking right in one day . fun fun . 
likes poking and seeing how many times you get poked back . 
We have only had two days without school ... TWO ... this will be a long summer . 
Thought he would forget his glasses , but ends up forgetting his phone , then finds his phone again . Come home and find out I got a 3 on my AP exam ... quite an average day . 
made friendship bracelets , went to a water war , < PROPMALE > with Abbi and < PROPFEMALE > all day/week . I have the best of friends , even if they deny it . 
loves Black Cat except for the fact that they can't pronounce Tao correctly . 
YAY ! Hanging out with an awesome friend tomorrow and also meeting up with my best friends from Japan and most of the rest of the gang . Awesome fun there . 
watching V for Vendetta ... seems great except for all the Alliterations ... how many V words are there in his lexicon ??? 
had an amazing time with one of the best groups of people you can find that I went to Japan with . We met a friggin awesome store clerk that made the day hilarious . Altogether know now who can be my closest of friends . 
trying to watch Death Note The Last Name , but the downloading is so SLOW . Good movie so far though . 
going to Six Flags tomorrow , so won't be back until late . Going to be missing my friends a ton . 
besides losing my comb from Japan , 74 cents , a ton of energy by loss of blood and food ; I had a good day yesterday . 
helped freshies today , got everything ready for school , and get to go in earlier than mostly everybody else . Finally going back to school . 
Main computer : Blue Screen\ 
Laptop : Freezing\ 
What next ? 
happily did homework today ... yep I was that bored . 
distraught due to my friend not knowing who Geroge Carlin is ... 
' s homework is just pathetic . You'd think with all honors courses this semester that I'd have more and/or it'd be more challenging ... it's not ... hopefully later in the year I'm not so bored with it . 
has four tests this Friday ! Yay ! Probably no homework this weekend either .... 
Woot ! Always gotta love the random guys with alcohol asking for rides . 
thank you psych for talking about the brain and getting the Pinky and the Brain theme song stuck in my head ... 
Hm ... red number on messages reading zero ... quite odd . 
Papa Roach is coming to QC ... this will be amazing . 
having a good day now thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Carlin . 
likes how I've had too many replies to a message that a second message had to start with the other being too full . 
was just at the best party of my life . I had a great time with some of the best friends I can find . Never will forget tonight . 
So anybody wanting to go to the papa roach And skillet concert should talk to me . I don't want to go alone . 
can't stop listening to Mad World .... great song . 
Stop shooting canons next to my house !!!!!!!! 
doing pretty dang good . = ) Amazing time at church and nothing else can ever make me feel this good . 
never knew how good classic Philosophy could be ... Communist Manifesto is now one of my favorite books ever . 
Just saw < PROPMALE > at homecoming and that made everything a little better . 
now a good day ...? Jeez these changes need to stop . I won't question the good days though . I don't mind them as much . ^_^ 
If you're really hungry you'll eat anything . If you really miss me or care about me then you'd try to get me back . 
hardly noticing the time go by . Very glad I found a new amazing anime . I love Code Geass ! 
well ... I have no life . I'm in season 2 of Code Geass already ... yeah watched 20 some episodes yesterday . 
just slaughtered my father at Go .... he was left with 7 units and I took 30+ prisoners ... wow ... 
\You're right ! I get it ! It all makes sense you're the perfect person . So right . So wrong . Let's all live in your imaginary life . \"" 
Lost my voice at an amazing concert . I love skillet and papa roach ! 
had a very nice day today making new friends . Too bad < PROPFEMALE > was gone today . That would have made the day much more interesting than it already way . 
Well of course I have a 404 error . Guess what time it was when it happened ??? 
My feet will be bleeding by the end of the day . Oh how i love working tab . 
My legs hurt !!! Running up and down stairs kinda hurts after a while . 
Had a wonderful day today . I could hardly be happier . 
\God bless the homicidal maniacs . They make life worthwhile . \ " < PROPFIRST > carlin " 
making Hiroshima Okonomiyaki . Hopefully it turns out the way I remember . Great memories . 
Parents took my phone because I have b's in school . Id love to see them live my life . I doubt they'd survive with these demons . 
\Remember Remember the 5th of November\ 
Me-Joe can't be a ninja , he's too white . \\nCorrin-What ?! You don't have to be black to be a ninja ! \\nMe-wth ? 
watching Tactics finally . Keeping my occupied at least . 
Zazanza Zazanza\ 
Hamamashite oto wa\ 
Zazanza Zazanza 
feeling sick because of emotions . 
Mendokusai . 
Besides being put into congress with coenan having hansan as a judge and put into the wrong event , the tournament went well and i got third in congress . 
Just got a finger-tipped ball 16 pounds ... this is gonna kill me , but will be fun to get rotation now . 
< PROPMALE > pet peeve : people driving 32 in a 45 or at least dont go 25 !!! 
Träumst du mit mir heut nacht \ 
\ 
Springst du mit mir heut nacht -Oopmh ! I love this song . 
being the nerd I am , I am extremely happy to know my calculater has a sigma key and double checks my work . xD 
... it's absolutely horrible out there to drive ... one more reason winter sucks . 
Two tournaments this year and placed in both of them ... now i just start placing ??? 
Of course this tournament is at st < PROPFIRST > of assisi ... this goes out to < PROPFIRST > and his interesting humor . 
My night has turned around . I'm feeling really well . 
Things are definitely looking up now . = ) 
gets to see his friends from Japan in a couple weeks ... I'm psyched ! 
favorite actor : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Head . I absolutely love his acting in < PROPMALE > and Repo ! The Genetic Opera . 
Just finished < PROPMALE > Season 3 ... wow I have no life having just started three days ago . 
Had 1 A a week ago ... now I have all A's ... wow ... This quarter turned out wonderful . 
A7X , Stone Sour , and Hollywood Undead Tickets makes out for a pretty awesome christmas . 
finally back ... dang I can't stand the south . < PROPFEMALE > Mei < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , how do you survive ? 
I get to do PF this year as well . This should be fun . Thanks Premo for being such a pile . 
having a nice day . I did not almost pass out today nor bleed a lot in gym . Yay ! 
AP Bio test tomorrow ... I hope I understand it ... 3 chapters in three days is a ton . 
just finished Clannad . Good anime . Thanks Feather Child . = ) 
Placed three of the four tournaments this year . 
Happy ending to my day . 2 trophies today , but dissappointed overall with the turnout . Congress needs to be fixed . 
New anime : Any Suggestions ? 
Dang ... working on debate , Ap Bio , and Ap gov take it out of me . Aff evidence is almost nonexistent and Neg has a ton ... which side to choose . 
