I really hate < PROPFEMALE > the explorer it is the WORST children's television show EVER , and I hate that it is on at 6am . 

LETS GO BUCKEYES !!!! 
ugh . back to new jersey tomorrow . 
I am sleeping . 
O-H-I-O 
On Thursday the smelly girl from Ohio will be here ... can't wait !! 
I was nice today , it was a mistake . 
GO BUCKS ! O-H-I-O 
zuza smells . 
I currently hate administrative bullshit . 
ethics are boring . 
< PROPFEMALE > wants to poke < PROPFIRST > Teitelbaum . haha . 
happy birthday old lady . 
I wish I were watching < PROPFEMALE > right now , instead I am going over rules of professional conduct which I clearly do not need to learn ... 
So far my day has been awesome , I listened to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > songs which led to me wasting 2 hours watching Free < PROPMALE > . WONDERFUL . 
GO BUCKS .... BEAT MICHIGAN !!!!!! 
mmmmmm .... Colin Firth 
is a huge procrastinator . 
I want pop . and a cookie . 
only two more to go then home for the holidays and out of New Jersey for 2 weeks . thank god . 
I want to go skiing . 
is really happy that I finally know what my class schedule for the semseter is . 
bored . 
blah . 
cookies . 
fibromyalgia blah . 
The only good thing about New Jersey is that school is cancelled in anticipation of snow fall not actual snow fall . 
Facebook has recommended that I enter an \affordable world class drug & alcohol detox & rehab program\ " complete with a free 24 hour confidential helpline :P " 
< PROPFIRST > Cash . 
take that Taxes and FAFSA . now chinese . 
sick of snow storms . 
dum da de dum de 
I am an adult . 
Finally , a beautiful day :))) 
A good start to any day ... a cup of coffee and peopleofwalmart.com:)))) 
Thanks to everyone for all of the birthday wishes :))) 
we were watching you on the cameras . 
retail therapy . 
the < PROPFEMALE > forgot my easter basket . 
doing really boring stuff right now . ugh , fail . 
< PROPFIRST > rigged . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and Mt . Dew = the perfect morning . 
rolling backpack = embarrassing + official Nerd . 
Happy Birthday ears . 
wants to know why zuza keeps taking sausage tests ... 
happy 4th of July 
wants mt . dew . 
is done with the internship , looking forward to Italian wine and swiss cheese :) 
Let the countdown begin , 5 days until I am back in the United States :) 
3 days until I have a dt . mt . dew in my hand :) 
All my bags are packed , I'm ready to go ... 
Pepboys is awesome . $200 dollars later I have a new master cylinder ( whatever that is ) , they screwed my door back on for free , changed out my parking light switch , and diagnosed my lighting issue . Now just one more thing to fix until < PROPFEMALE > is back to her old self :) 
starbucks < PROPFEMALE > macchiato ice cream is the best invention . EVER . 
currently hates the Patent Office . 
thinks zuza probably fell into a cheese hole while running in the Polish mountains and that is why she never has any reception . 
I want a sister's day . 
sour patch kids ... delicious . 
Done . Finally . 
making sugar cookies and decorating a gingerbread house :) 
I am mobile :) 
So the writer who breeds more words than he needs , is making a chore for the reader who reads . \ " , 2011-01-19 02:59:30 " 
Why can't all homework be logic game puzzles , that was quite possibly the most enjoyable half hour I have had doing homework since I got to lawschool :) 
is writing a book on the < PROPMALE > of procrastination ... eventually , but currently just implementing said techniques . 
where are the girlscouts hiding ? I want their cookies ! 
Evidence . Blah . 
make sure to bring food . And a 12-pack of kick-ass :) 
Here comes the sun :) 
Nice Job Buckeyes !! 
Thank you Giles competition for being over , now I can enjoy spring break ! 
reading a fantastic book and enjoying a cup of hot tea . I love break . 
take that Bar Application -- booya . 
O-H-I-O Go Buckeyes !! 
outlined a paper that is so boring that I fell asleep on it and now have to re-do it because I slobbered all over it , luckily bones is now on so the chances of that happening twice are unlikely . 
I wish < PROPMALE > Gee was my age . I love his bow tie :) 
I just tripped and fell putting a hole in and blood on the only pair of jeans I own that did not come with pre-made holes -- at least I am still in style . 
ten years . wow . 
I want to move to pervalia and become a professional beach bum . 
T-24 hours . Cannot wait . 
Thank god it is finally here !!! < PROPMALE > Wedding !! YES !!! 
The only thing on my list to do today was to lay out in the sun and get a tan , thank you stupid weather . Now I am bored . 
bored out of my mind . again . vacation ? 
Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss :) 
Congratulations Ohio State Rowing on being BIG TEN CHAMPIONS !!!! You guys are awesome !!! 
Hanging out with < PROPMALE > and Mother :) 
Officially JD . 
Bored again , luckily < PROPFEMALE > Cakes will be here in 20 minutes to entertain me :) 
Let's Go Bucks !! Make sure you bring food and a six pack of kick ass to the races tomorrow :) !!! 
Let's Go Buckeyes !!!! You guys are going to kill it !! 
Ugh . I can't believe Tressel resigned . 
BarBri is very very boring . 
Sooo , you pay 3,200 . 00 for Barbri and can't access the lectures on either your ipod or android phone unless you pay an additional 300.00 for the privilege . However , you can access the tests . WTF I hate you Barbri . 
6 inches :( 
I want a donut . 
cant decide if I am creeped out or excited that the ice cream man comes through our neighborhood at 10pm . 
Getting my chub on for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > wedding 
