Happy New Years 2 All 

It sucks I cant even put my real name on here 
Just got done puttin my lil bro in his place on da game 
Im BeAt ... been movin stuff from house to house for da last two days 
They wanted Mr. < PROPFIRST > to perform dis week but I had to turn em down ... Got too much goin on 
Less than a week now till GameTime 
the night jus flyin by 
I'm aint got the biggest RoAr among the LioNs ... But to my respect You WonT BE dEfianT cp- < PROPFIRST > Lyrics 
Its true that \Yesterday was years ago ... A Lifetime ago \"- somebody " 
Adios Amigos 
I hope im not out for too long ... fina get x-rayed 
Dat gonnit !!!!... still aint started Mrs. Dershem's essay 
Thinking bout writin a new song for the video ... jus so busy 
i can walk now ... but say the same for runnin or jumpin 
Im so tired my body shakin ... only got like 4hrs of sleep 
fb < VIRTROUE STEL > 
finally out of the boot 
fina go to < PROPMALE > game to see my cousin play 
We call all change the world in our own small way ... All it takes is a lil Courage 
is chillin at da wolverines game 
jus got done wit an interview wit st < PROPFIRST > university .... not really interested 
jus left an interview from st < PROPFIRST > university .... dont think its for me 
Hard times just dont go away 
If you lose a Moment .... You may lose Alot 
whew finally done wit mrs dershem's presearch paper 
I can be Your Most pleasant feeling or Your worsT NighTmaRe 
HOLY SPIRIT DWELL IN ME ... TOUCH MY EYES THAT I MIGHT SEE 
They waItIn foR My doWnfall But ThE < PROPFEMALE > of < PROPFIRST > HAs onlY BEGUN !!!! 
Fina get me a job application .... hey hey hey 
There must be more to life than this 
dis meatloaf sho iz good 
The LORD gives the weak the strength to fight 
Fb < TestYourMight > 
She has qualities that one must notice .... She makes a pro seem like a novice 
Well < PROPFEMALE > christmas to all .... Sometimes irony has a way of smacking you in the face 
Those who emphasize on events of the past lack preparation for events of the future 
It's like their heads are full of rocks rather than Brains 
Guess it wont be long before i hit the ol haysack 
Sometimes the things u dislike about someone are the things you love the most 
Make sure u take the time out to Thank God ... He's the being that pushes u forward even when u feel theres no push left 
Guess i better get started on this anat . & phys . essay 
Finally fina head back to Texas well in over 4 hours 
Alrite now once again .... Texas here i come :) 
Got pulled over yesterday .... guess u can get pulled over for nothin 
