Happy new year 

scribblenauts is hard game :[ 
Today is slow and boring ! oh well . I downloaded Fable for PC . 
Just finished watching Inglorious Bastards , best movie I've seen in 2010 ! haha Now I'm gonna watch Paranormal Activity . 
Paranormal activity was alright . It had it's scary moments , but everything in between was like a big bathroom break . 
GUYS scroll to the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > , and click where it says English ( US ) then look at the list and choose English ( pirate ) lol :D 
So I was acting really weird in my backyard , right ? well , I guess it's not weird for me to act like that , but my neighbor looked over the fence and gave me the meanest look ever then laughed . :o :D 
Check-ch-check-ch-check-ch-check it out !!! 
Wha-wha-What-What-What's it all about ? 
Check-ch-check-check-check-ch-check it out ! 
Let's turn this party inside-out !! 
soooooooo .................... Who else feels like setting themselves on fire to get rid of their boredom ? 
I'm gonna go watch TV . 
has anybody ever thought about something , over and over again , then you search it up , or go to school , only to learn the thing that you thought was developed by a group of scientist 45 years ago , but you thought it all up yourself ? cool beans 
so ... I unexpectedly had to get a haircut today . I made my hair to look , pretty much how it looks in my picture , but shorter sides , longer mohawk ! 
I woke up an hour earlier than i was supposed to ... i just opened my laptop to check the time . 
sick as a monkey that ate a baaaaaaad banana 
Oh man , I'm getting a lot of home work recently .... Hopefully it's won't be like this all year long :[ 
gah , pinch harmonics :[ 
I literally played guitar until my fingers bled . owie I'm going to bed now . 
stupid 4th string broke gah , I hope I get new strings soon . 
what should I be for halloween ? 
oh my god , the concert was unbeleiveable I had an awesome night . My ears are still ringing 
ugh , I wish I bought that shirt at the concert . but I had no money :[ 
ugh , I'm so tired of facebook .... I really wish I had a phone . 
woop woop 
gah Yahoo ! widgets what have you done to me 
Going to replace my missing guitar string , and play all day :] 
Go Cowboys ! 
This is the 3rd time I lost my guitar pic today , but that's ok , because I found it again 
Have you ever been eating something , but then it begins to taste disgusting ? so you don't want it anymore ? :[ stupid Popcorn 
I just can't wait to be < PROPMALE > :] 
Getting a car on Sunday . :] I need my drivers license before I can use it though !! It's a 1999 red Dodge Neon ! 
Happy Thanksgivivng everybody . I had a fine day , but now I gotta do homework . 
Snow ? In Texas ? today was awesome . :) 
wow , that was kind of a scary dream . 
Lulz is a corruption of lol 
bees ! beees !! beeeeeeeeeeesssss !!!! 
Why do you wear that stupid man suit ? 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Today was rad c ): ] 
I don't wanna go to bed , but I don't wanna stay up all night either ... :\\ 
They told him don't you ever come around here Don't wanna see your face , you better disappear The fire's in their eyes and their words are really clear So beat it ! Just beat it ! 
3 more days untill Christmas ! 
1 ) Treat every day like Christmas . 2 ) There's room for everyone on the nice list . 3 ) The best way to spend Christmas Cheer is singing loud for all to hear . - Code of the Elves :) 
Doctor ! you have to help me diffuse this atom bomb ! 
Tooooooters !!! 
tomorow is Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
oh sweet ! found a dollar in a pair of jeans of mine ! It got washed up apparently though :D 
I just missed everything today . my friends tried to message me , but i was gone :( 
ah man , now I'm getting angry I missed everyhting ! 
12 more hours untill Christmas ! 
Dang , that is a sweet Earth . 
some socks , a sweet pair of shoes , $40 dollar gift card , a nintendo DSi and $20 !! best Christmas all year !, lol 
Also : the orange box ( xbox 360 ) and Bioshock ( 360 ) 
So I vomited today early in the morning . I was supposed to go to Wal*Mart to spend $70 on whatever I wanted but not I'm bed ridden for the rest of the day . Hope everybody had a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , I know I did . :) 
Animal crossing ! DS :) 
I think I've been playing on my new DSi too much o.o I haven't been on facebook lately ! 
good morning ! man , waking up at 9:00 is late for me . I had this weird dream about walking to school with my brother and his girlfriend . o.o 
How do I make a backwards d ? 
Last facebook post of the year ! 
Just got the new Facebook < PROPFEMALE > setup :\\ 
so I got a job interview today after school ! pretty stoked :] 
would yall have any questions for me if I got a formspring ? 
I am now officially a server ! I just got home after my last day of training . I earned a 5$ tip too ! ( all the other tips go to ym trainer , but he said I earned it ) Alright ! 
I really hate groups that require you to join if you wanna see the picture the whole < PROPFEMALE > is about . How can you decide if your a fan or not , if you've never seen the picture ? 
I hope I get to go to the < PROPFEMALE > of Texas fair and Rodeo this year . Going with firends would be awesome 
Is anybody free tomorrow around noon-ish ? My aunt is taking me to the rodeo with my cousins , and we can meet up there , if you can get your own ride ... :] 
Don't work untill Sunday ! Cool beans :) 
pancakes :v 
I just got me a phone :) It's a Samsung Messager II . Can i have yo numbah ? 
7017821 hit me up sometime :) 
What do you get when you gobble down treats , Eating as much as an elephant eats ? 
Do the stanky leg ???? 
my new phone is alsoa decnet flash light :o 
crunchy peanut butter :) 
For some reason being able to get on facebook from my phone makes it lot more interesting ... That explains all my other pointless updates 
My phone would look really cool if iti was black and red intead of black and purple .... 
I shouldn't turn my phone off over night :/ 
I'm on facebook in school :D 
Just on my way home :/ I work from 5 to10 on school nights , but I have to cleanup afterwards ... Sorry if I ignore text at work :/ 
Somebody's poisened the watering hole !! 
Well it looks like you have a choice , Mr. Powers , save the world , or save your girlfriend ! 
Eye for an eye makes the whole world blind :) 
What has my history class done to me ?! I'm doing homework this late ? :[ 
I wish I could say I was happy for you , but that wouldn't be true ... :\\\ 
And the world keeps on turning . Be patient , < PROPMALE > . 
so I got my new phone . You can text me again , if you want . My number is ( 512 ) 701-7821 Tell me whats up . :] 
My gosh . Why ? How ? ugh . This is pretty frustrating . I don't get it . Whatever . And the world keeps on turning . 
My list of things to do this summer ;\ 
1 . 
Today is Xaviers ' day off . 
Today is not Xaviers ' day off . 
So , It feels like some kind of alternate dimension , when I look that way . It's kinda wierd , for me , I admit , but I'm cool with it . :] Life is good . 
I'm so happy , I wanted to post something on facebook , but if I put something too mysterious people would think I'm weird . 
What ? 
What am I doing ? :o posting on Facebook :] 
mup dup deep dope ... \ 
Who knows what happens next ... :\\ 
I just bought my first CD ever yesterday . \ 
Eminem - Curtain Call : The Hits 
How do you just forget ? 
Eminem - sing for the moment 
This is getting ridiculous . How does everything remind me of it ? What am I supposed to do to forget ? I guess complaining of facebook doesn't help much ... 
I want to talk to her again , but that's just back tracking . Complaining on facebook doesn't help either , though . 
It's still , kinda surreal , actually . Anyways , everyday is getting better for me . 
maaan . Not really in the mood for work . 
super :( 
So it was a trap to catch the crazies , haha . 
what a wierd dream . for rizzle 
Even if this is what's supposed to happen , I don't like it . Why ? 
My xbox live account name is XaviBeans93 . \ 
I just bought myself 3 months , so add me if you want and we can fight or something . 
I didn't know you could log on to Facebook from Xbox Live . 
What is this ? I don't even ... 
So , I guess it's not selfish to worried about your own hppiness . That's just looking out for yourself , right ? But still ... I expected more out of her . :\\ \ 
I thought she was .... special . 
Now I know why people do crazy things . I've seen the beautiful , and the ugly faces of love . 
You're not supposed to forget ; you're supposed to wait until it goes away . 
uhh .. apparently I'm a \hopeless romantic \"?" 
I never thougt I'd think this , but I need school to hurry up and get here . :\\ 
Why am I still upset about all this ? It does me no good , and I know it , but ...... 
I don't want her back . I don't want her gone . who knows what I want . Being indecisive like this got me into this situation to begin with . 
Okay , so how do I do this ? How can I get started before school is in ? 
Oddly , something makes me think about how much I hate this generations fashion . 
Yay . Now I get to be messed up as everybody else ! Welcome to the real life , < PROPMALE > . You are an adult . No more happy-doodle teenager years ! ;) \ 
\ 
maaaaaan I don't wanna grow up . :[ 
So I've been sleeping all day , because I have nothing to do . I'm awake , and now I still have nothing to do . 
Woah . That was a dream ? How vivid . 
ugh I'm so sick of it ! I need to put an end to this :\\ 
I got my new netbook today ! It's pretty cool . Runs just as good , if not better , than my other laptop , and it's a lot smaller , and more comfortable to play with . awesome ! 
What's up ? 
Next Wednesday is going to be my last day at IHOP . I'm kinda excited to be leaving , I think I've gotten tired of that place and it's pancakes . 
Good night 
Ha , I/m so weird . :3 
Woah 
Surprise ! We now have a dog . 
me likey pancakes ... ME LIKEY PANCAKES ! 
I've been having great times . :) 
I thought going back to school would be rad . I went earlier , but being inside that building again gave me this feelings like , \Ugh ; THIS place again . \ " There are lots of ... memories there . " 
Drops of Jupiter 
Meh . 
Run and tell that homeboy 
little philosophizers 
Derp derp 
\Native American Indians \ 
Why be so worried about what could have been ? 
I don't think anything is gonna happen before school . It's so close now . 
Why is it getting all funky again ? 
http://www.slightlywarped.com/crapfactory/curiosities/2010/images/newspa22.jpg 
I just listened to this song , but it had pretty depressing lyrics , so I wanted to change it , but it was a really good song , so I wanted to keep listening at the same time . Does that ever happen to anybody else ? 
Does anybody still have a Tamogatchi pet ? a live one ? Hah . 
I just finished watching The Outsiders . It's a movie worth watching over again . 
I just watched this movie called Equilibrium . Has anybody here ever seen it ? It's cool . well , I'm going to bed now , so good night . 
Maybe you just wanted to be happy so bad you didn't really care with who\ 
it was . I don't know , maybe he's fantastic , and he probably is , but why\ 
do you shun me the way you do ? Why does everybody ? 
I had a cool night with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and she lent me some books . cool cool\ 
I'm really tired now , so good night . 
I just finished watching 500 Days of Summer . I really really liked it . I really did . 
I just want to know , you know ? 
Sometimes I make grammar mistakes on purpose in texts so I can fit the whole message into the 160 character limit . I feel silly making mistakes on purpose . 
Hmm . I really like the song Dammit by Blink 182 . :) 
All packed up and ready to go . I'm gonna miss y'all for the next week . Remember to vote for me and < PROPFIRST > on Homecoming court while I'm gone ! :) 
\I have no-nothing to offer you and I know that . I understand . But I'm \ 
We are about to leave ! so uh , good bye everybody ! I'll be back next weekend ! 
Wowie ! just got to my hotel room in Galveston . Tomorrow we board the sip , and it's bye bye everybody ! 
I wonder what the stars will look like out in the gulf of Mexico . :) 
I'm paying for internet on the ship !! Things have been great so far . :) Just miss my friends . bye bye now 
I'm back home ! feel like I might have missed something important , oddly . o.o I missed you guys ! 
:) 
Today was looong ! Been out of the house all day and it was radical . :) had lots of Fun with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Barfield , < PROPFEMALE > Tootle , < PROPFEMALE > Szabo , and errbudy that was in tha party :) What a great night . Probably the best Saturday ever . 
10/10/10 GET ! 
I can't wait to graduate already . I'm so tired of high school . There are only about 145 days left . 
So my phone is falling part . Everything works fine but the screen half falls off . I'm gonna buy a cool new phone , and it's gonna be great ( but expensive ) 
Okay so my phone is completely busted now . it stopped turning on . sorry if you wanted to text or anything . I'll be without a phone for hopefully a shirt while . If you want to tell me anything you could always just send me a message on facebook :) 
Just got my new phone . :) it's cooler than expected ! 
Dude ! 
Really good weather outside today . :) if i had a < PROPFEMALE > i'd fly it ! 
Killing is badong 
I got a call back from < PROPMALE>'s in the outlet malls ! They asked me if I'd be available for an interview soon . Excited ! 
Carving a pumpkin with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Day before halloween ! I think I'll have some smash bros for breakfast . 
There ain't no rest for the wicked ! Money don't grow on trees . I got bills to pay , I got mouths to feed , and ain't nothin in this world for free . I can't slow down and I can't hold back though you know I wish i could . Oh no there ain't no rest for the wicked , till we close our eyes for good . 
Such strange dreams . Too bad I'm not going to remember them . 
Something 
Oddly , I'd really like some good macaronie and cheese right now . Too bad I have D lunch . 
This is the way things should be :) 
This is the way things should be :) it's all good .! 
I need a job ! Been asking around school , but if you know of an opening , please let me know . :) 
Jordans the best bfff ever !!! :) 
Found a < PROPFEMALE > heads up in the hallway 
< PROPFEMALE > botts beans with Tooters . Yuck , gravy jelly beans :( 
Well now ! I got me a job again . I'm back with IHOP . :) 
I hate difficult tables ! Got 2 today so far . They want this and that and this and that was wrong . Some people are simply quite picky . 
Ever look back on something in your past , and you're like , \Hmm ... I can't beleive it used to be like that . \ " ? \ 
There is this guy at IHOP that looks exactly like < PROPMALE > Hoffman hahaha 
< PROPMALE > <3 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Has there ever been something you wanted to bring up , but then you know how people are gonna react , and it'll lead you nowhere good , so you decide not to bring it up ? yeah :/ I want to post something serious on facebook sometimes , but i don't because of that feeling . 
All this Christmas music everywhere is reminding me a lot of my uncle . I miss him . 
I've < PROPFEMALE > feeling pretty creative all morning 
Hmmm , what to do on my day off .... 
i want to carve stones into jewelery . I wanted to do something with sculpture or carving , and I always liked working on really small things . I think that'd be really interesting . 
What's your hurry ? Everyone will have their day to die . 
The past two days I've gotten home from work at 6 am . the past two days I've made $88 and $112 . Worth it ? Meh . :/ 
Off period , 1st period . School doesn't start for < PROPMALE > until 10:35 . :) 
So apparently while I was at work today everybody found out about Ophiucus and the new astrology charts . I guess it was on the news or something ? Yeah , those charts have been inaccurate since the AD < PROPFEMALE > began . 
I built you a home in my heart from rotten wood that decayed from the start 
I want you guys to read my newly posted note . I wanted to post it as a wall update but they told me it was too long . I typed it for you , so you should check it out for me . 
A question to you ; I'm sure something last forever , so to you , what's something that you think would last forever ? 
Wow , we all have so much opportunity in our lives ; I mean , why waste time with a frown on your face ? If you want something different about you life , I challenge you this : go out and take the first step tomorrow . 
I got offered a new position as a keyholder at work . I'm excited . 
Last night at work some drunk lady asked me for \a rooty tooty fresh and fruity with a side of < PROPMALE > and a to-go box to take you home with me . \"" 
< PROPFIRST > 
Please put this as your status for at least one hour because you or someone you know has an invisible illness . ( Chronic Fatigue Syndrome , Fragile X Syndrome , Autism , Epilepsy , MS , Diabetes , Crohn's , Kidney Disease , Bi-Polar , Fibromyalgia , COPD , Lupus , Auto-Immune Disorders , asthma ) . Do it for all who have an invisible illness . It's a daily struggle to feel sick on the inside while you look \normal\ " on the outside ? " 
Ooh just went through my first overnight shift . Taking tables from 6 to 6 ! Still here at work though waiting for my ride home . 
I'm waiting for something beautiful . 
I can see the sky begining to glow and stars are fading . My sun is about to rise and I'll be free . :) 
Who is that grown man in the mirror ? Every time I see him I hope he's happy . 
Today and tomorrow off ! Yah ! 
Collapsed lung . 
timeeeee 
It's like a .... well , it's .... it's actually kind of like nothing else . :) 
The DJ at prom nly played two slow dance songs and they were both country . He called it \snow music \"." 
Sure the clothing was formal but not much else was haha . Still had a grwat time with friends . :) 
Really hurting after moving around so much at prom . The pain will pass , the memories will stay :) 
