GO PACK GO !!!!!!!! \ 
win and you're in !!!! Beat those bear cubs !! 

just cant win 
Universal studios 2morro !! Can't wait ! 
Started running again . Not as sore as I thought I would be !! 
Layn in my room , roasting , tryn to sleep 
Iron man IMAX in 32 < PROPFEMALE > ! Can't wait ! 
Is it just me or is the word redonkulous annoying 
Wow they want to collect left-over hair from haircuts to clean up the gulf . 
My prediction for last episode of Lost : < PROPMALE > , by bringing all the main charicters together can cause the conscienceness of the ones on the island to merge with the flash sideways characters bringing them all together in the alt reality thus keeping smoke-locke on the island and that brings back everyone who died 
I wonder if the brewers will ever win again ? : ( 
Just lost my job 
Crap . The main prob with having ur cell phone as ur alarm clock ! When u forget to plug it in and it dies , then u miss the meeting :( 
Just another fun filled day at the ICU 
I fixed my xbox ! Funny how removing a pound of dust from inside keeps it from overheating ! 
Just got done running and I think I'm gettn < PROPFEMALE > splints again . Anyone know how to get rid of them quickly 
Looks like I'll be running in the rain tonight ! At least it will be cool 
I think < PROPFIRST > durant is my 2nd fav basketball player next to < PROPFIRST > Jennings . He doesn't need an hour long tv show to say where he's gonna play and is loyal to his small market team 
Jogged mile and a half in 14.48 . 4 < PROPFEMALE > slower than 6 months ago . Now gotta walk home and do it all over again 
< PROPMALE > , the state of Wisconsin and city of green bay knows exactly how you feel . To give them as much as they did and then to have your sports hero turn around and rip your heart out is not right . 
Got a pretty good sunburn today at the pool 
Great . I think I have Hip flexor Tendinitis . That's why I've had pain while I'm running 
Traveling down hooker highway on my way to the convention 
Good first day at the convention . Looking forward to tomorrow 
If you want a cell phone that constantly crashes and has HORRIBLE reception , then the iPhone is for you . Can't wait to get a droid 
Pretty much all moved back into rents house 
Gee what a surprise favre is screwing over the viqueens like he did his last 2 teams . They could have gotten mcnabb , could have gotten cambell , could have drafted someone ; but nooooo mr narcissist had to have the attention ! Good riddance . 
Goin to da beach ! 
One week of school down ! Not looking forward to the drive to port < PROPFEMALE > on Monday just for ONE stinking class 
House sittin 2morro . Gonna b nice livn on my own again , even if it is only for a week ! 
I hate forgetting to return library books ! 
Today's date : 90210 
Just finished my homework for today . Started at 5 . Round 2 is tomorrow cuz I'm only half done . Gotta love college 
Sweet ! I just realized I don't have to drive all the way up to punta gorda for school tomorrow cuz of labor day ! That 2 hours of driving saved ! 
I HATE COMPUTERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Why do they have to be SO difficult . Make one mistake and you\re screwed ! " 
Do you remember when you were a kid , playing Nintendo and it wouldn’t work ? You take the cartridge out , blow in it and that would magically fix the problem . Every kid in < PROPFEMALE > did that , but how did we all know how to fix the problem ? There was no internet or message boards or FAQ’s . We just figured it out . Today’s kids are soft . 
Needs A Haircut !!! Bad !! 
I really hate it when the person in front of me in the drive thru orders 30 things ! All I want is my one little meal ! Go inside to order your feast instead of holding everyone up !! 
GOOOOOOOOOO\ 
PACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
:D 
Lol has gone from meaning , “laugh out loud” to “I have nothing else to say” . 
Off to shoot some hoops with some friends 
YES !!! I'm transferring out of punta gorda bio lab and into labelle !! No more 2 hour drives every Monday !! 
GO PACKERS !!! Win next week and it's sole possession of 1st place !!! 
Whenever someone says “I’m not book smart , but I’m street smart” , all I hear is “I’m not real smart , but I’m imaginary smart” . 
Well I could only check off one of three things on my sports checklist for the weekend . Packers lost : ( , my fantasy team lost : ( , but at least that dirtbag favre blew the game and the vikqueens lost !!!! : ) 
So if I get this scholarship to browerd college I'll need to move out there to work at a hospital on the east coast . Does anyone know anyone around Miami or palm beach who needs a roommate or someplace cheap to live out that way ? 
Well my head hurts , my voice hurts , I feel like I'm gonna throw up and I might cry from relief ; but they did it !!!! Ding < PROPFIRST > the wicked witch is dead !! GO PACK GO !!! : ) favre goes down HARD !!! 
I am so glad favre is getting everything he deserves now . He NEVER once cared about his fans and anyone who still supports him is delusional cuz unless ur name is < PROPFIRST > favre he don't care about you . 
Wow . Nothin like a 40-burger goin into the bye week !! I almost felt bad for the cowboys ... \ 
Almost 
T- < PROPFEMALE > us 13 hours 28 < PROPFEMALE > til I'm a droid owner !! 
DROID ! 
Omg . Soooooo tired ! Lol 
So that's 2 coaches the packets have got fired ! Bye bye < PROPMALE > !! 
Really sore from 4 wheeling all day yesterday but totally worth it 
Playn football then watchn football 2day 
Sooo sore from football ! 
Lookn forward to assembly today ! 
Looking forward to assembly today 
Made it half way through and only dozed off once ! Got a monster to get ready for the second half 
Finally done with finals at school . 
Bumble < PROPFEMALE > tuna 
Shikaka , shicsha , shiscabob , shawshank redemption , CHICAGO ! Your outta there ! 
Awwww poor < PROPFIRST > cutler . Too bad all I could hear on espn for the last week is how he was the the greatest qb in the league ! How's that workn out today ? 
Omg . So sick . Think I got it from my mom 
In one of the most rare things you will ever hear come out of my mouth for one week only : go vikings . It makes me die a little inside to say that but desperate times call for desperate measures 
YES !!! BREWERS GOT ZACH GREINKE !!! FINALLY !! PITCHING !! 
Tron was awsome !! 
It's really cool how with binoculars u can really see how the < PROPFEMALE > is a sphere and not just a circle 
Trying to show my dad how to set up his itunes . Pray for me 
Finally finished helpn my < PROPMALE > move 
Does anyone know how to stop the blue screen of death : IRQL_NOT_LESS_OR_EQUAL ?? Its really annoying 
GO PACK GO !!! 
This is gonna be a long 2 weeks 
Finally leaving the hospital ... for now 
Back at the hospital . Grandpas goin home 2nite . He'll be there til he's gone 
Yyyyyyyeeeeeesssssss !!!!! \ 
Yet again good triumphs over evil !!!!! \ 
We're goin to the PLAYOFFS !!! 
woodson and matthews are gonna eat vick for lunch !!! GO PACK !!!! 
well my headache has finally gone away and i no longer feel like throwing up so i guess im over the game last night !! lol 
Here we go . Getting nervous and sick to my stomach . Its time for football 
NFC championship party at my house next week !!! 
SUPERBOWL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Another epic fail by the bears and Cutler . All I know is if I was in da NFC Champ game my leg would have to b physically removed from my body for me to sit out ! 
Hope to get out of school b4 the tornadoes ! 
Nothing like a nice night time thunderstorm : ) 
Really needs a win 2nite !!! 
WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS !!!!!!! 
Just about ready to fail my algebra test 
I wanna wear my < PROPFIRST > fidgets jersey to the meeting tonight but my mom told me I can't!! Lol 
Just got my hair cut . Looked like they cut a small animal off my head there was so much hair on the floor !! Lol 
Im Soooooo board ! 
Got a B on my algebra test ! 
Yah ah ha you know what it is green and yellow green and yellow 
Theres just something very satisfying about having exact change at the drive thru ! Ahhh the little things : ) 
1x ... I despise you . I would rather get no signal than 1x . Its basically the same thing 
And for the 25th consecutive year I forgot the oscars were on last nite . Lol 
Well I got a b on my second algebra test but im very sure im gonna fail my next one . I just don't get factoring polynomials !! 
Done with classes for 2 weeks ! Spring break !! 
Goin to the ball park ! Go braves 
Wow amost got into 2 accidents in under 2 < PROPFEMALE > on my way to the grocery store and 1 on the way home . People just don't pay attention !! 
Lookn at my old baseball cards with < PROPMALE > . Aah memories 
Come on guys 30 < PROPFEMALE > left ! Let's get a deal done !! I want football !! 
Decertification : ( 
Really peterson , nfl is modern day slavery !!? Cuz slaves back in the day only made $5mil a year and could only afford 3 bentleys . That's ignorant and stupid . 
The remodeled hall is sure an improvement 
Im sick : ( 
Ugh ... nothn like goin to school when you're still sick . Think im gonna skip my 5:00 class 
Come on mucinex do ur stuff 
stupid badgers . summery of tonights game : hmmm the last 30 3 pointers haven't gone in , what should i try now ?? i know !! ANOTHER 3 POINTER !!! * KLANK * oops lets try again\ 
they deserved to lose > ( 
i need to work on homework but i dont want to do homework 
just saw trailer for mass effect 3 !! awesome !!!! N7 baby ! 
listening to mr baseball call the brewer game . when Uecker is callen them spring is here ! 
You ever cough and burp at the same time ? \ 
I don't recommend it . Lol 
Wow the reds are starting to creep up my most hated team list 
So it looks like my grandpa wont make it through the weekend 
On my way to lehigh to say goodbye 
Just found out its over . He's gone . : ( 
Funeral is sat at 2 at lehigh kingdom hall 
The time for the funeral changed . It sat at 3 
