Happy New Year ! 

feeling kind of yucky . does not want to start out with the New Year being sick , especially with Gaga on Sunday . better just be allergies damnit ! 
can't wait to see Lady Gaga tonight and not letting this fucking cold ruin it either ! 
has lost 20 lbs . as of 6/15/09 . 
is ready for the 3 day weekend . 
is going to be sore in the morning . 
is 1 lb away from losing 30 lbs ! 
31 lbs gone and counting . 
can't wait for tomorrow since he is off Friday & Monday ! 
was compared to a < PROPFEMALE > Flytrap last night . all sweet and lure you in then i surprise you with my other side . hmm i like it lol . 
is ready for Friday ! 
has to study a profile to get \dessert \"." 
is so happy it's Monday that he doesn't know what to do with himself ... yeah right . 
is about to get some hair chopped off . 
is feeling the onset of sickness ... better not last . 
feels funny . 
lost 50 lbs ! well 49.2 but whatever , close enough lol ! 
woooooooooooooooot it's Friday ! 
got told i'm close to being too skinny lol . that's a first . 
is getting a flu shot and swine flu shot this afternoon ! exciting stuff . 
won my first radio contest ever yesterday and happened to be concert tickets to see Lady Gaga in January ! 
boo for getting in a 4 car accident this morning . yay for not being at fault and getting only bumper damage . 
is tired of fucking stress . 
things happen for a reason ... how true . if you didn't forget to send me your new number , then i wouldn't have found out what type of person you've become . understandable to get upset because you thought i didn't call on purpose but when you realized you didn't give me your number and you act like that anyway ? what happened to the friend i grew up with ? 
what a week . 
don't officially count weight until Mondays but fuck it . i was 159 this morning which is below my goal of 160 . woot woot . 
is glad it's Friday ! 
think it will be better to see New < PROPFEMALE > on Wednesday since the crowd should have died some but the wait is killing me lol ! 
after today , off until Monday . then seeing New < PROPFEMALE > tonight . can't wait ! 
counting down . 
so much to do .... 
so tired of attitude . 
isn't procasting for a change , strange . 
is cooooooooold . 
it's the big week ! yay for not having as much stuff as i thought . 
Holy shit . Moving is tiring business ! 
10 days until another birthday ... how the time flies . 
Imperfection is beauty , madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > This is the third < PROPFEMALE > quote that I love . I never knew she said such good stuff . 
down 60 pounds ... probably a good stopping point heh . 
is so looking forward to only working Monday and Tuesday this week ... just hoping to make it through them . Blah . 
off to get 1 work day out of 2 this week under way ! 
after 5:00 ... no more work till 12/28 ! 
3 days without the internet is far too long and having it at work on tuesday doesn't count . 
so weird not to be in NC for my birthday but gonna make the best of it . 
found out from a mall trip that i'm wearing a small now . craziness ! 
yuck . bad case of the dry mouth today . 
4 days left until seeing lady gaga ! 
guess i'll be braving the craziness of parliament on new year's < PROPFEMALE > again tonight ! 
Is something awful supposed to happen if you don't kiss someone at New Year's ? If so , can I make up for it later heh ? 
the Lady Gaga concert was fantastic ! it had it's weird , dark and sexy moments that you come to expect and love from her but also heartfelt moments where she thanked the fans . she even cried during Speechless . the best concert i've ever been to by far ! i forget about my cold the minute she came on but i feel it again haha . my voice may almost be gone from the screaming but it was worth it ! 
grrr . i don't need extra things to worry about when i feel like crap . 
i think i've lost it . 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will do this ! 
So much to do , so little time to do it in in . 
is glad it's the weekend ! ready to go out and possibly see a movie . 
is messed up in the head 
Avatar ... what a fantastic fucking movie and i have to say my new favorite movie ! loved the story , loved the effects , loved it all . and it was my first 3d movie and it was a good choice . think i'll go see it on IMAX 3d next weekend , havent seen a movie on IMAX before . 
I should really save all this insurance money until I get an estimate on my car but I can't justify that it will take all of it . Surely 1000 will be enough to fix it lol . Already made one purchase which I will share tomorrow but thinking about getting an iPhone . For those of you that have one ... are they that great ? I have an iPod Touch so I know it's fairly similar to that but of course has phone features . 
So the big purchase I mentioned yesterday ... I'm getting a tattoo today after work ! It will complete my zodiac set . Going to be Pisces for my rising sign and going on my back . Can't wait ! 
needs some R&R ! 
has been far too busy this week ... is ready to wind down and have fun damn it ! 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can 
so i caved and bought an iPhone . now it's like i have two iPod Touch's but one does a hell of alot more . 
so my nose is runny and my throat hurts . if i am getting sick again after not completely getting sover the last one , there will be hell to pay ! i dunno who or what will pay for it but i'll find someone or something haha . 
is so ready for the weekend ! have had two super intense busy weekends in a row ! 
feeling frisky and loopy 
Ummm my fine is $710.60 0 :o ) 
Sometimes I really don't get me . 
Please copy and paste this on your status if you know someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this ... 
is ready to have a fun filled weekend playing Mass Effect 2 and going out to the Blacklight Party on Saturday at P House . 
got a short-sleeve white button-up shirt to wear to the Blacklight Party tonight . you can see my tats underneath too , love it ! 
feels good to have tv again . can't believe i didn't have it for over a month . 
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and the FIRST entry for your name under comments . 
more from UrbanDictionary.com ... how come mine is nice lol and people are getting dirty stuff ? 
is it Friday yet ? why yes , yes it is ! 
needs to learn moderation ! 
going to another dimension . what should I bring ? 
is in la la land . 
didn't mean to pass out last night but I guess I needed the sleep . 
if someone really wrote you out of their life , would they still have your number ? hmm i don't think so lol . 
had a great productive week , now ready to have a fun filled weekend ! 
had a great Friday night ! 
these weekends need to stop going by so damn quickly . 
bracing myself for a busy week , so excited i can hardly contain myself ; ) . 
had a nice Monday evening ! 
Happy Hump Day ! 
this week better go by fast ! 
is jumpier than a virgin at a prison rodeo ! 
I'm wound up tighter than a girdle on a Baptist minister's wife at an all-you-can-eat pancake breakfast . 
got some much needed rest last night ... woo hoo ! now ready for the weekend . 
omg it's Monday ! i can't contain the excitement !!!! 
looking forward to a fun evening ! 
neeeeeds a massage and a nap . 
it feels good to give ! 
sooooooo glad it's the weekend ! ready to have fun and sleep in . 
had a great time last night . now off to get my hair cut ! 
is going to take a nap . if you need me , send the message to me via psychic projection and i will collect it in my mental voicemail . 
woo hoo Wednesday already . 
TGIF ! 
you'd think with these other voices in my head it would be easier to come a decision but noooo . 
Monday is way too close . please go away . 
likes it when things look promising . 
looking forward to going to PF < PROPFIRST>'s for the first time and seeing < PROPFEMALE > tonight with a cutie ;o ) . 
why do my naps always turn into several hour affairs ? 
feeling a bit better today ... lets hope that continues !!! 
ready for the weekend !!! 
ready to have a terrific , tantalizing , titillating Tuesday . 
for the first time ever since the show has been on , completely not interested in watching Idol tonight . been a very disappointing season . still care who wins but don't think i am invested enough to follow along anymore lol . 
why does today seem like Friday ? is it Friday but everyone is playing a prank on me hehe ;oP ? 
bought more clothes that fit me last week . wasn't thrilled with how they looked when i got home so took most of them back last night . much better choices this time around ! 
ugh . i keep getting this urge to pierce my upper ear again . but two things stop me . 1-i've had it done two times before and took them out . but that was with the piercing gun so maybe a piercing shop would do it better ? and 2-not sure how they'd like it at work lol . 
TGIF ! And I think it's gonna be a great one . 
Anyone else as excited as I am that tomorrow is Monday ? 
TFGIF !!!!! No , the F after T is not a typo . If you wanna know what the F stands for , it rhymes with sucking . Also , direct happy thoughts my way if you don't mind . I'm hoping for a good outcome for a couple of things : ) . 
Looking forward to a nice afternoon/evening . 
Pretty much slept the weekend away but at least I had good company for a good portion of it . And vacation starting tomorrow ! 
Gearing up for my short trip back to NC tomorrow . Can't believe it's been a year since I have been back . 
It's great to come back home but weird too since I feel like such a different person compared to who I was when I lived here . 
Was great to see family and friends again in NC but good to be home too , though not looking forward to the backlog of stuff I have to do at work tomorrow :o ( . 
Glad yesterday is over . What a crazy , nutty , exhausting day . Now ready to count down until the weekend ! 
Can anyone recommend a comfy , nice and spacious insane aslyum ? Five < PROPFEMALE > rating is preferable . 
So glad parts of my face don't feel numb anymore . If that's what Botox feels like , then I hope my mom's \look younger than you are\ " < PROPFIRST > power lasts as long as possible !!! " 
If you surrender to the wind , you can ride it . ~ Toni Morrison . \ 
\ 
I'm really feeling the message of this quote right now . 
Almost Thursday already ... this week is cruising along . Woo hoo . 
A shitty ending to a shitty season of Idol . 
Ughhhhhhhhh . 
Sorry I haven't posted lately . I lost my sanity and have been on a hunt for it . So far , no luck . Anyone seen it ? 
And the rest is history ... 
Just got an injury while I was vaccuuming . I never knew cleaning could be so dangerous . Maybe I subconsciously knew it before and that's why I didn't do it very often ? 
Stress stress stress stress . Ugh . 
Scraped my finger last night while cleaning . What's with the injuries while cleaning ?????? 
Saw Eclipse yesterday ... LOVED LOVED LOVED it . My favorite of the movies so far . 
I think this needs to be my new mantra haha . I already have it on my profile but need to remember this more often ! \ 
\Imperfection is beauty 
What to do , what to do ??? 
Just found this quote . It doesn't mention who said it but I completely identify with it ... “Being normal isn’t one of my strengths . ” 
Happy Friday everyone ! 
Thinking too much today ... feels like I need a big change in my life . 
What a crazy end this work week had . Ready to kick off the weekend and have fun ! 
So much change going on lately ... oh well , it can be a good thing I have to remember . On an unrelated note , TGIF !!!!!! 
Omggggggggggggggggggggg . 
Hmmm . 
Totally forgot it was Friday the 13th this evening ... hmm , well I did have a weird/annoying night so far . 
Just found this quote and love it . Unfortunately , I fall victim to this all too often . \ 
“Many of us crucify ourselves between two thieves - regret for the past and fear of the future . ” -- Fulton Oursler 
Anyone have < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s new album ? My two favorite tracks have got to be \E . T . \ " and \ " Who Am I Living For ? \ " . I loooove em . " 
I think I'm the victim of instant < PROPFEMALE > , which has suggested before looking at my astrological chart . So I make a purchase this afternoon I probably shouldn't have and then my tire ( which I have been meaning to take care of but haven't yet ) goes flat . Grrr lol . At least I was near a tire store . 
So this morning the tire opposite the one that was flat last week was completely flat . I guess I ran over something lol ? All I know is nothing better happen to the back two tires !!! 
So guess what happened tonight ? Another damn tire went flat . This time it was the rear left one . That's the third flat tire ( all different ) in less than a month . Either I'm having incredibly bad luck or they are all giving out at one time . At this rate , I might as well replace the one that hasn't gone flat yet because I am sure it will lol . 
Anyone in the mood to pack up stuff in boxes and move it for me for free ? If so , do I have an offer for you ! 
Thinking about taking a vacation to the insane asylum . 
“You do anything long enough to escape the habit of living\ 
until the escape becomes the habit . ” 
I think my New Year's resolution should be working on not keeping myself in a bubble and not pushing people away . Been like this since at least middle school probably but it's gotten a lot worse lately ... sorry to anyone I might have done this to . 
\I believe everything happens for a reason . People change so you can learn to let go . Things go wrong so you appreciate them when they're right . And sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
Working on breaking down all these fucking walls . 
I'm ready to make some big changes . 
Starting today , gonna try as hard as hell to stop putting myself in my own cage and locking everyone and everything out . 
Enjoying the weekend ! 
\A journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > begins with a single step . \ " - Confucius " 
Anyone wanna give me $300-500 ( rough estimate ) ;o ) ? I'm in the mood to get a tattoo to < PROPFIRST > this time in my life . I bet you could deduct it on your taxes as a donation to the arts heh ;oP . 
Super fucking excited for the Grammy's on Sunday and almost all of it has to do with hearing Lady Gaga's new single !!! She better win shit too . 
Since it's Hump Day , does that mean I need to follow through on the humping part ? 
Love Gaga's new single \Born This Way\ " ! She must have known I was going to get sick before I did so she moved up the release date to help make me feel a bit better heh . " 
This is weird . 
So , I feel like I've had an epiphany . I'm tired of not being my true myself all of the time ... too often I either change myself to please someone or to not hurt their feelings or I let fear and anxiety prevent me from opening up and being me all the time . I've had enough of this . I have the right to be myself 100% of the time , as do we all , and I plan on getting rid of my bad habits starting now . 
Yesterday was completely nuts . The first half was completely awful and then the last half was absolutely great . That's a theme of my life though it seems , no moderation or in between lol . But very happy it had a happy ending . 
I can't believe I walked 4 < PROPMALE > yesterday ! I didn't plan on it but it happened and very glad I did . Gave me a great feeling and put me in a great mood the rest of the day and I definitely needed that . 
So I was wanting to get another tattoo . I looked around today , did some research and now I have the design for 3 more tattoos lol . As soon as I have the funds , gonna get em ! 
