Really wish people wouldn't mess with my head ... and my heart 

Totally got screwed in my last relationship cuz im a dumbass ... looking for a good , cheap , reliable car . around $2000 . if anybody knows of anything pass the word along ! 
when nothing in life goes right ... go left . 
Work is so freakin slooooowwww ! Its times like these when i hate waiting tables ! Especially when i need the money . come on people ... tip me fat ! Please hurry summer ... u can not come fast enough ! 
Life's a bitch , cuz if it were a slut ... it would be easy 
you know whats great ? when the people you think love you keep things from you , do things behind your back , and then lie about it . what you expect not to get caught ? and then you feel stupid for ever believing them and falling for their bullshit . fake ass people bring the good people down and ruin love for the rest of us . 
Love is the 7th sense which destroys all the other 6 senses . 
when i think about everything wrong , i remember how amazing life is and the fact that i like being imperfect . 
the worst thing you could do is make me fall for you with no intention to catch me . 
Unless you've lived my life , don't judge me because you don't know , and never will know every little thing and detail about me . 
Honesty ... something apparently people have forgoten . 
You know ... it's cool when someone does something nice for you out of the kindness of their heart , and just because . But when they do it just because they messed up , and have done the same things over and over again ... it's hard for me just to forgive and forget . I dunno . Maybe I'm just a bitch . 
Your only as strong as the tables you dance on , the drinks you mix , and the friends you roll with . 
Happiness is a way of travel , not a destination . 
wow ... the first tuesday night ive worked in a while where i only had 3 tables all night . pretty sad . where is summer ? well got cut early and having a beer . 
Boys are stupid . 
Ok so I've been sick for 4 days now ... is this ever gonna go away ? Stuffy nose and coughing fits . Oh joy ! 
Be who you are and say what you feel , because those who mind don't matter , and those who matter don't mind . 
ok ... so quitting smoking is waaaayyy harder then i thought it would be . It seems that every i try , I turn into this raving psycho bitch ! Thanx nicotine ! 
Hey to everyone thats been instant messaging me on facebook : I am not ignoring you ... I dont have a computer I use my phone and its gay and wont let me answer any one back ... I love all my fellow facebookers ! 
I believe everything happens for a reason . People change so you can learn to let them go . Things go wrong so you can appreciate them when they're right . You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . 
Love looks not with the eyes , but the mind . And therefore winged cupid is painted blind . ~ < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
Sometimes we tend to be in despair when the person we care about leaves . But the truth is it's not our loss ... it's theirs because they left the only person in the world who would never give up on them . 
I think sometimes we spend too much time trying to make the wrong person right for us that the right one never has a < PROPMALE > to find us . 
Somehow everything's gonna fall right into place . If we only had a way too make it all fall faster everday . If only time flew like a dove . 
Don't ever give up if you still want to try , don't ever wipe your tears if you still want to cry . Don't ever settle for an answer if you still want to know . Don't ever say you don't love him if you can't let him go . 
It's pointless to keep trying to work on something when it was never really there to begin with . 
Is tired of giving and giving and getting nothing in return ... and tired of putting my faith in people and getting screwed . Im done beleiving everyone's lies and bullshit . The only person I can trust and believe in is myself . Took me way too long to figure that out . 
I'm hitting myself for being so stupid ! 
No man is worth your tears . The one who is won't make you cry . 
I wish I could go back to when I first met you , and walk away . 
s(he ) be(lie)ve(d ) 
I've built a wall ... not to block anyone out , but to see who loves me enough to climb over it . 
You change for two reasons ; Either you learn enough that you want to , or you've been hurt enough that you have to . 
Love : Giving someone the ability to hurt you , but trusting them not to . 
ok ... to everyone who hasn't been liking my little sayings on my < PROPFEMALE > ... this is for you : Men are like toilets- They're either dirty , unavailable , broke , or full of shit . HA ! 
You know u did it im gone , to find someone to live for in this world , there's no light at the end of the tunnel tonight , just a bridge that i gotta burn , you were wrong , if u think u can walk right through my door , that is just so u coming back when I've finally moved on ... I'm already gone . ( Kelly Clarkson ) 
Gentelman : I forgot what you fellas looked like . Well it's good to know there are still some of you out there . 
Ok so I have a huge favor . If anyone knows anything about cars I need someone to come with me to look at this car I wanna buy . I wanna make sure I'm not getting screwed . 
You had a keeper ... You just didn't know how to treat her . 
I love all my friends so much ! I am so thankful 4 all the people that have been there 4 me and stuck by me through all the hard times . And still love me even when I'm an idiot . You guys are the best . 
She will < PROPMALE > you around for a while ; but there's going to be a day when she's gonna stop running in circles around you . She's going to get over you and at that very moment you're going to wish you had let her catch you . 
Stupidness !!! 
Life is all about ass : Your either laughing it off , wiping it , kissing it , bustin it , spanking it , or trying to get it 
Life is like photography ... we develope from negatives . 
If you have a sister who has ever made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fall , cheered you on , and kept you strong ... copy and paste this on your status . I love you my beautiful sister ! XOXOXO ! 
There comes a time in your life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good . After all ... life is too short to be anything but happy . 
The world is full of magic ... You just have to believe in it . 
Had the best steak I've ever eaten made for me the other night , and the best foot massage I've ever had last night ... Life is good again . 
The greatest < PROPFEMALE > in living lies not in never falling , but rising every time we fall . 
Mixed signals ! Don't like it ! 
worked a 12 1/2 hour shift today ... looooonnngggg !!! 
Ok ... white water rafting yesterday was probably the best time ever ! But I am so sore today ! Every part of my body hurts ! 
Why is it that guys can make you feel like a < PROPFEMALE > one minute , and the next they make you feel like dirt ? 
so my poor little hamster died yesterday =( ... we went and buried him up in the mountains . hopefully hes up in hamster heaven . poor little guy 
Do not be afraid to cry . Your tears are warm drops of light that remind you how to feel . Do not be afraid to laugh . That sound is the song of a world that loves . Do not be afraid to care . It is by caring that you do what must be done . Do not be afaid to stand out . 
A guy and a girl can be just friends , but at one point or another , they will fall for each other . Maybe temporarily , maybe at the wrong time , maybe too late , or maybe forever . - < PROPMALE > Matthews 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets . So , love the people who treat you right and forget about the ones who don't . And believe that everything happens for a reason ... if you get a < PROPMALE > - take it . If it changes your life- let it . Nobody said it would be easy ... They just promised it would be worth it . 
omg ... i just spent so long trying to figure out my universal remote ... and it was so freakin easy ! i feel stupid now . 
I spent all day by the pool today . What an awesome day off . Got a little bit more sun burned then I thought though . 
Don't get mad when a girl cares too much ... worry when she stops giving a fuck !!! 
I hate being left in the dark . I hate not knowing whats going on . Don't tell me one thing and then turn around and do the opposite . If you don't like me , tell me . I promise it won't break me . I am stronger than that . I've already had enough people hurt me and screw me over . I really don't think one more is gonna matter . 
I've made mistakes in my life . I've let people take advantage of me , and I've accepted way less than I deserve . But I've learned from my bad choices and even though there are some things I can never get back , and people who will never be sorry , I'll know better next time and I won't settle for anything less than I deserve . 
I don't care what you think about me , because it can't be as half as bad as what I think about you . 
Forgiveness is not something we do for other people ... it's something we do for ourselves to move on . 
Holy frickin rain/hail storm ! The streets are flooded here in ol manitou springs ! 
Im living like a < PROPFEMALE > , can't stop my shinning ... I'm riding solo ... 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ... i could really use a wish right now 
Dont't be afraid your life will end , be afraid that it will never begin ... Life is precious , do not take those around you for granted . Love your friends , love your enemies ... because everything can end in a blink ... 
So it turns out my unicorn was just a donkey with a plunger attatched to his head . 
Screw < PROPMALE > Charming !.. I can rescue myself ! 
I am perfectly imperfect , beautiful in my flaws , sure of my insecurities , absolute chaos ... a beautiful disaster . 
ha ha ha ! You got punched in the face by a girl ! Well you get what you deserve ! Just wish it would have been me that hit you ! 
Yesterday I tried being normal ... but within 5 minutes I got bored and gave up , and so now I'm myself again . 
Did you know that when someone pisses you off it takes 42 muscles to frown , but it only takes 4 muscles to extend your arm and smack ' em in the head ... 
I am strong , because I am weak . I am beautiful , because I know my flaws . I am a lover , because I am a fighter . I am fearless , because I have been afraid . I am wise , because I have been foolish . And I can laugh , because I've known sadness . 
Thought for the day : A snake is still a snake , no matter how many times it sheds its skin . 
My plan is to forgive and forget .... forgive myself for liking you and forget that you exist . 
Hey so I'm still looking for a car ... if anyone knows of anything out there or any good deals on a reliable car .. let me know . 
Is it girls night out ladies ? NICKELODEON STYLE !?!?!? 
Got myself a ' 95 honda civic ! FINALLY ! Thank u Jaz ! You are very much appreciated ! I owe you one ! Or maybe two or three . 
So they killed those two bear cubs that were in some dudes house ! Saying they were a danger to our habitat ? We are the ones who built into their habitat and endangered them ! F that ! 
Hey everyone ... I had to go get another new phone from verizon today ... 3rd one in 6 months ... So i don't have a lot of your < PROPFIRST > anymore . If you feel like I should have it give it to me ! NOW !! 
Going out with the girls again tonight ... love girls night out ! Happy labor day weekend to me ! 
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest the crotch of those who do you wrong , and may their arms be too short to scratch . 
No matter what life hands us , just remember ... Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass- it's about learning how to dance in the rain . 
is remembering all the reasons why she isn't in a relationship . Ya I am single ... And your gonna have to be freakin ' awesome to change that ! 
So I must have slept on my neck wrong cuz it's tweeked really bad ! I woke up yesterday with horrible pain . Today I woke up and it has now spred into my shoulder and back and is 10 times worse ! wtf ? Had to take off work cuz I can barely move . Been heating and icing it and taking advil . If any one has any advice or something to get rid of the pain ( or some really good drugs , I'll take that too ) let me know ! 
Is planning on taking over the world with an army of squirrels and a spoon ... who's with me ?!?! 
There is a fine line between sanity and insanity ... and I have white out . 
Roses are red , violets are blue , sugar is sweet , and so are you ... The roses are dying , the violets are dead , the sugar bowl is empty , and so is your head . 
Last night was awsome ! Out with the girls downtown ! Shaking our bootys ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! Happy Birthday again girl ! We kick ass ! 
By the end of the night last night I was holding myself up with a parking meter outside of Blondies ... Had to have someone come save me from myself ! Thank you for being there for me now . It makes up for the time that you couldn't be there for me . 
Sometimes I sit and think to myself ... \I should be in a mental institution\ " ... and then I stop and take a look around at everyone else and think ... \ " Holy Crap ! I alredy am ! \"" 
Mind closed untill further notice ... 
Yes it is true .... I live in my own little world . It's ok though because the people there are nice to me and treat me like I'm important . 
working a double with three of my other crazy coworkers .... were all hyped up on manitou custard ! what do they put in that stuff ? is it like the shit from the matte ? 
How people treat you is their < PROPFEMALE > , but how you react is yours . The truth is everyone is going to hurt you ... you just gotta decide who is worth the pain , and who is worth taking the < PROPMALE > on . 
Ask for < PROPFEMALE > to deal with stupid people and the courage to tolerate their ignorance , because Lord knows if I ask for strength I will beat them to death . 
I've decided I'm gonna start treating people exactly how they treat me . Most people should be glad . Some should be very very scared . 
Life is like an hourglass ... eventually everything hits rock bottom , and all you have to do is wait it out untill someone amazing comes along and turns it around . 
I like it on the counter at the bar or on the floor of my car . 
Got woken up with a yellow < PROPFEMALE > today . I am the luckiest girl .. loving life right now . 
Happy birthday again to miss < PROPFEMALE > ! We all had a blast last night ! And had the best man ever there with me . 
Fix yourself ! Before you go and try to break me ! 
Yummy food ... Yummy boyfriend . Life is good . 
Thanks to Celestial Being for sending me Feline Friend . I really like it ! http://apps.facebook.com/glitter-fair-ebhgda/home?tv3=mKrRaGQbF%2BORxiyGJD7Ehy6Bh0igbhKybKbS3%2B0igw%3D%3D 
< PROPFIRST > and his flask was awesome last night ! Feeling pretty rough today though . Good thing I have my boyfriend here to take care of me ! 
Thanks to Celestial Being for sending me Special < PROPFEMALE > of Love . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/ccsfKF 
I just kicked some ass at scrabble ... but SOMEONE doesn't wanna admit that I won . 
My boyfriend bought me cable ! 582 channels .. what the hell am I gonna do with that many channels ? 
This year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays , and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui ... 
Hug me and ill hug you back , kiss me and ill kiss you back , love me and ill love you back . Hurt me ... and I promise ill hurt you harder . 
I'm goin back to Cali ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ... u just won the super bowl , what are you gonna do now ?.... I'm going to Disneyland ! 
Driving through Arizona in my moms new car ! 
You know .... its great when u find out that the people u THINK care about u , and claim they are ur friends stab u in the back and talk shit about u . But I guess I'll take it as a compliment , since I'm obviously so awesome that I'm the topic of everyone's conversation . Ha . How bout a big middle finger to all of u . 
In life , most situations you come across have three choices to choose from : You can either accept it , change it , or remove it . 
men are like commercials : sound good but you know it's false advertisement . 
You know what they say when u assume something ? 
And now , a short poem about winter .... WINTER : It's f*ing cold . The End . 
I hate people .... seriously . They suck . 
I know that im not perfect . I know that I screw up on a daily basis . But I really believe that I deserve perfection . And setteling for anything less , im just screwing myself over . 
Sorry to everyone trying to get hold of me . I lost my internet and my phone . But should be back up and running shortly . Love to all ! 
Yay !! Thanx to everyone for the bday wishes !! Love u all ! 
