not having insurance SUCKS !!! 

not having insrance SUCKS !!!!!! 
getting ready for my interview ..... wish me luck ! 
yay I got the job ! I feel like I'm dreaming , I gotta binch myself ! I'm so happy . What luck I have ...... 
Another great day at my new job . I LOVE BEING A NANNY !!!! 
home from a long eventfull day , trying to find the energy to go for a fast run . and so happy < PROPFEMALE>'s baby girl is here with us all and fighting so strong ! 
I thoght I liked my job but getting paid told me I LOVE my new job ! 
Today I went and spoiled myself a little and treated myself to some of my favorite foods from Giant Eagle .... yummy hummus , pita bread , mango , avacado , and banana ice ceam . I also practiced some driving with mom today . 
I'm having a great night having a pillow fight with mom and dad ... breaking the lightbulb lol 
Resting after a long week and an even longer 14 hour day yesterday . Watching a couple of movies with mom and sister < PROPFEMALE > . Happy to have the day off ! 
ready for bed , working tomorrow ! 
Today I went on an awsome run . I sure wish I could find the energy I did today everyday ! Plus work was great . 
making a fast call then off to bed ! 
well today was not the greatest of all days . I took the afternoon off to take my drivers licence test and just a mile or so away from the dmv i had my first car accident . I'm so glad that I was not driving !!!! 
enjoying a relaxing day at work ! 
off for my run 
3 miles = 600 cal-in 1 hour not bad :) 
this year i am thankful for the love a child gives . It's so pure and true . I'm also thankful for the changes I've made in my life in less than a year from my professional life , understanding and supporting family , my loving and trusting friendships , and for my willpower to stay strong and improve myself inside and out . 
Today was a lot of fun . In the morning I went to parents place and learned a little on self defense . In the afternoon I did some toy organizing with my friend < PROPFEMALE > , while juggling a play date . 
Then I sent the girls to dance and had another amazing workout . After that I went to my parents and put up the christmas tree . And now I'm having a yummy orange , grapefruit , and lime drink . Work , exercise , fun , and family in one night nothing could be better than that ! 
I pigged out on pizza tonight ... so I push myself and ran 2.5 < PROPMALE > without stopping and walked another 2.5 < PROPMALE > .... I'm very proud ! 
I love my net book ! thanks mom and dad ! 
7am just now going to bed i had a fun night but I\m not looking forward to the morning !!!! " 
Home with the kids , Mom is working and Dad is helping in Haiti , lots of house cleaning to do ! 
I love my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your mom for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! 
Just getting back from a walk with tiger , getting ready for bed excited about having an amazing weekend , hopefully the week is just as great ! 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I Loved you . Before you were an hour old I would die for you . To my child , this is the miracle of life ... you are the miracle 
just a little more greatful to have tigger .... The girls are having their weekend sleep over ( which are always wild ) but not with tigger lol he will not allow it ! He makes them calm down ! :) ! Now I don't have to be the bad guy . I just love this dog so much . If you are thinking of getting a dog get a mastiff ! .... forget about the size of the dog , they are so smart , friendly , playful , lazy , and protective ! 
I went to old navy today and spent my v-day gift card and just little of my own money and I got a bunch of fun colorful tops , two summer dresses , a few work out fits , a ton of super colorful panties , and the cutest skirt . 
oh ya I forgot I also got some cute dog toys for tigger .... yes I know mom Im totally abesessed . I just love my baby so much ! 
happy easter ! 
I had a great time at my parents . We had a blast ! We played alot of the wii , I even won a few games no one has ever seem to win playing with my dad ! Mom and I made a yummy banana custard . Well mom mostly watch , I always some how take over , she got the pans and sugar then I took over lol . I can't help it once I start to cook I just take control , but mom loves it ( less work she has to dolol ) and dad cleaned the mess . 
I sure do love the family time ! The simple things just make my parents so happy . I love to see them so happy . Wish I'd have time to go home more . But like I say \when work calls you answer ! :) \"" 
I'm home now with the puppy and the kids ! They all missed me so much ... nothing is better than walking in the door and before I can even get my bags down 
nothing is better than two sweet little ones jumping on my legs one sharing her juice box with me and the other kissing my leg over and over , a cute puppy chewing on my new beautiful skirt out of excitment , while mom , dad and all their brothers and parents hugging me wishing me a happy easter , telling me how much they missed me and even more how much the three babies missed me ( the two girls and the puppy ) . 
It's so awsome to be loved so much ! It is late so I must go . I simply wanted to wish you a happy easter once more . Night i love everyone ---- Jenn :) 
diet starts today ! no more holiday dinners or cold weather time to get ready for the summer ! no more messing around :) 
Today was not planned < PROPFEMALE > ( the 4 yr old I take care of figured out how to unlock my bedroom door ..... but turned out to be a very relaxing day ... woke with the kids and made them a yummy breakfest , got the girls ready for the park with their dad , while the kids played at the park I did a little shopping 
old navy got a few new shirts and dresses and few sandles , bed bath and beyond and got a food scale and a 74 oz water jug , and the shoe dept and bought very comfortable but cute sandles they are made to get fit while you walk I will have to see about that one ;) , 
watched a puppy trainning class- got a few tips and learned a little , bought tigger a ton of new stuff toys , treats , food , grooming supplies , trainning supplis and even a mini giant tire , 
then went to dragon fly with the entire family , then to dairy qween , helped get the kids to bed set up tiggers new outside chain until we get our fence up , did a little tigger trainning , and now im just in bed enjoying a little \me time " 
today I wanted to start one of my new books and relax in the grass with tigger to get some sun and some how I had an allergic reactions to the grass ? I was in the grass for maybe 10 < PROPFEMALE > , then I started itching all over sat up and was shocked ! So I went in the house and got a blanket to lay on . 
Ive never been allergic to grass . One of my fav . things to do with the kids is to lay down at the top of a hill and roll but now I can't :( I just dont get it . All I know is I have many red bumps all over the front of my body arms , legs and chest ! And to top it off I burnt my back . 
Even with all that said being out in the sun was so relaxing ! I can't wait to do it again only next time I'll have to lay on a blanket not the grass lol and wear a little sun screen lol ! 
new update on my skin allergic reactions . I went to take a shower it's not just my arms , legs and chest it's mt entire body front and back . OMG time for some benadryl ! 
I jumped up on the stage with all 5 kids and became an drama class . It was out of my ordinary but was more fun than I’ve had in a really long time . I had the kids hide in the back . I started each of the stories and as characters came in my head 
they hoped like frogs , grew like beautiful roses and defiles , burnt like fire flamed building , rained and pounded the floor to the sound of a scary thunder and lighting storm , and acted out a really fun bus ride driving up BIG HILL , down slippery hills , hitting tons of pot holes and turning sharp turns . 
Threw all the imaginary play I managed to teach them about stop , drop and roll , safety of a set belt , and being kind and welcoming to a lonely “toad” friend . what an awsome day to be a super nanny ! 
and to end the night my \boss\ " came into my room and said she loved me and said she would not know what to do with out me . You could'nt ask for a better day " 
update on my body spring cleaning I have burnt off the winter pounds yay me ! now the real work starts 
today I went to the most amazing park . its behind the waterfront hotel i think its called the waterfront web its so cool its a gym built outside not only do you get to workout , you get some sun while getting in shape , and the best part its totally free who ever thought of this is totally bright and my new fav person ! 
ps I just have to say THANK YOU SO MUCH !!!!! to a very dear friend of mine < PROPFEMALE > i dont know what id do with out you and haily we still have a date < PROPFEMALE > land tomorrow you and me may the luck be in you hands 
Our plan .... to stay at the park all day . We even brought my puppy tigger , but sure enough < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and I did all the planning and packing and we were rained out LOL . 
I would have just stayed and played in the rain because it was so warm but it began to thunder and the kids didn’t enjoy the thunder so much . I kept telling them not to worry that it was just the sky storms playing a little music to entertain us and < PROPFEMALE > told them is was just angels in the sky playing bowling . 
the kids didn’t think it was as much fun as I did . They were all scared . So all the < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ran all the bags to the car . While i gathered the kids and puppy 
I had the kids calm down and enjoy the moment and walk to the car . I tried to teach them the appreciation and beauty of the calm before the storm . They all did but one . < PROPFEMALE > was scared the hole way I guess when you are truly scared there is nothing to change a frighten mind lol ! 
When we got home the storm and the rain stopped of course . So the kids gave us a little fashion show ( ripping all the clothes out of the closet ) they introduce , bathing suits , summer wear , spring flowers , winter gear , and even alien world . It was really cute 
then they had a little popcorn part and played with < PROPFEMALE > pockets until it was time to go home . Nal is out on a date with her husband rj and the little ones are fast a sleep while the older girls are chatting away about the 5th grade drama lol ! 
Once again today was a fun day . Now that I think about it everyday this week has been too much fun ! Not that there is such a thing as “TOO MUCH FUN” ! Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > ! If the past week is how the summer is going to be I can't wait . It just might be one of the best summer's of my life ! 
Home for the weekend , wishing it was warmer 
ran 2 < PROPMALE > tonight getting ready for the 5k sat . morning ! 
p.s. mom thanks for the music ! 
another 3 mile .... 
broke my record today i went from running a mile in 15 < PROPFEMALE > to 11:37 < PROPFEMALE > 
off for my first 5k wish me luck ! 
When I got there I told myself I could not stop running no matter how slow my running was and that I could not fall behind and run with all of the walkers and when I crossed the finished line I was alone right behind the runner but way in front of all the walkers , just as I had hoped to be 
Today was the 5k and I did it . I ran the entire way . My running was mostly in slow motion but I never stopped to walk and that was what was most important to me . It was really hard but I was so proud of myself ! 
I ran it under 40 some minutes . There were a lot more hills than I thought would be . I forgot my ipod and my inhaler today . They are two very important necessities to me when I run but I still managed to succeed in the 5k . 
At the half way point I began to doubt myself but at every hill someone would be running or walking past , or working the 5k and they would cheer me on , give me a little support , and remind me how strong I was . 
Everyone was so awesome . Almost everyone there were total strangers to me . As I began to feel weak they manage to help me move just a little further with just 2 or 3 simple little words of kindness . It was truly touching . I am very grateful . 
As I ran to the finish line my picture was taken . My plan is to get a copy of that picture and frame it with my number 531 as a reminder . When I truly put my mind to it I CAN do it and the support of a strangers kind words will never be forgotten ! Even after the race people came up to me congratulating me on my success . 
Needless today it was all very touching . I am very proud . I also gave myself a little rewarded ... some beautiful tops from forever 21 and got my 2nd hole ear piercing . 
just got the kids to bed and ready to watch lovly bones ..... 
had a great day shopping with the kids .... I got the best b-day gift forr mom and my brother 
just jogged from my moms house clear to sabraton . I wish I would have taken water with me I'd still be jogging ! just wanted to thank the biker I meet today during my jog ! 
anyone know where to get really suppotive running shoes . I am really getting addicted to jogging long distance . I managed to over come my muscle pain and heavy breathing but the pain in my instep and toes are stopping and slowing me down ! 
Today I had a great time working out with my mom . It's so nice to see her smile and make me smile ! 
having a \sleepover\ " wilth the two little ones tonight ! " 
Nalini(my best friend&boss ) is such a sweet heart . I have been a nanny for almost 9 years and worked for over 10 families and for the first time I was recognized as a mother on mothers day . I've never really expected to simply because I'm not actually a mother 
However I do everything a great mother does and sometimes more . Today my boss took me out and got my nails done and a pedicure for mother's day and said I deserved it because I've become the best gift in her life and children . She truly is a blessing in my life I just don't know what I'd do with out her 
wow my legs are still killing me i can run hours everyday almost every night of the week but 1 hr with a personal trainer and I am so sore . I HATE stairs right now lol ! 
aww I heard a knock at the door it was one of the foxwood kids checking to see is the oldest wanted to play I informed her they went to the lake then she said jenn you look so pretty so i had to take a pic . How sweet ! 
heading out on my date wish me luck ! 
I HAVE got to get my phone batery replaced ! On another note I sure do love to laugh ! :) 
I am VERY excited I weighed in at 168.5 today !!!!!! 
I had an awesome workout with my trainer . We walked on the tedmill , did some squats , push ups , sit up and a few other leg exercises . He also focused a lot on the arm muscles with the dumbbells . Then we did a few obstacle courses involving jumps , jogging , push ups , hopping , some sort of basketball sprinting , and back word running . It was a lot of fun . My favorite was the boxing . It made me feel strong and powerful ! 
< PROPFEMALE > worked out with me today so it was a really nice bonding with her . She is older so I don't get much time with her . I did talk to him a little about wanting to build my muscles and how long and sore I was last time he trained me . Communication is great because I worked really hard , my muscles hurt but I'm not in pain ! 
I never made it to my mom's house tonight poor tigger is sick . At 545 he vomited 4 times & has something hard in his stomach . At 730 he vomited white stuff sort of like mucus & foamy . The poor thing looks so sad When rj left for his run he put him outside then it started to storm he still would not come in so I picked his 70lbs of sad sick puppy inside we are taking him to the emergency vet clinic . i hope he's ok 
Just checked out the pics online from the 5k I did in april . Ive been very proud of how hard i've been pushing myself . I look at where I am now and where I was in april and I am just amazed . My legs are really starting to slim down . I still have a lot to go but like < PROPFEMALE > on finding nemo sings \just keep swimming \"!" 
Just got back from walk/jog What took me 25 < PROPFEMALE > to walk up hill I ran down in 10 < PROPFEMALE > .. not bad almost a year ago I walked this same hill and distance and it took me a hour to do and today I did it in 35 < PROPFEMALE > . 
going to the 4 girls dance recital with my mom I can't wait to see them dance . They have worked so hard this year ! 
off for a 2 hr workout 
If you are interested in 2-9 little girls clothes and shoes plus size 16/x lg woman , lots of coats of all sizes , kids toys , blankets , books , and much more come to foxwood fri and sat 8-3 for our community garage sale 
posted a few more pics just for you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
off on my 2nd date ! 
If anyone or anyone you may know is interested in playing soccor this summer please let me know . Looking for 3 to 4 male/female age 20-35ish , games are every wed night ,. to join the team there is a $100 fee 
i jogged/walked from my house to my mom's total of 6.3 < PROPMALE > and it was so easy can't wait to do it again ! 
my passport came in the mail today now i'm free to travel anywhere I please ...... very excited time to save up some money ! 
i weighed in today at 156lbs yay my b-day wish is coming true i never made it to my goal of 145 but ill have to admit 156 is awesome ! 
end of an great weekend with celso , fresh crabs and fish from < PROPFEMALE > , and going to see To The Greek . Excited to get a few long runs in this week , work some , maybe even try for my permit , pack for my b-day surprise vac , celebrate my b-day at the waterfront with an old best friiend and then off for my vac .!...... My first week turning 27 is going to be awesome ! 
staying at the waterfront the next two nights celebration starts now .. thanks mom for droping me off and sorry for missing my surprise b-day party nal can't wait for thur . i love you all very much !.. first things first going for an awesome b-day run on the trail then heading to the gym and pool ! 
thank you to everyone who helped make my birthday awesome this year ! 
attempting to teach myself how to parellel park .......... 
parellel parking and backing up have become my enemy ! lol 
thinking of buying a car any advice on who or where to buy a used , easy on gas , automatic ...... 
< PROPMALE > out with mom all night and today , did a little driving and getting ready to go backpacking with celso tomorrow ! 
fallin weak to icecream .... solution frozen whip chocolate mousse yogurt 
excited to get back into running . hour 45 < PROPFEMALE > tonight and im feeling amazing ! 
my new fav . quote ( thanks april ) \ Don't let your prayin knees get lazy\ " another 1hr 40 < PROPFEMALE > run i think I might be back ! running felt like pleasure tonight instead of pain ! ( thank < PROPFIRST > talking to you today re < PROPFEMALE > ded me of my strength I think I might be over the dessert cravings too ( thanks mom for re < PROPFEMALE > ding me of my wilpower ) " 
another super nanny day however while mowing the grass tonight some sort of insect was not happy for cutting down their jungle .... i have a sting on my left ring finger , left inner thigh , and 5 stings on the side and back of my left ankel ! Very annoying this is the second time this has happened and in the same spot in the yard grrrr 
correction i have a sting on my right inner thigh as well and my ankel now looks like there is a golf ball inside it lol at least the yard is cleaned of all giant tigger gifts and is mowed .... free to run and play in tomorrow maybe tomorrow should be a spinkler water hose play day as long as < PROPFEMALE>'s fever does not return ! 
today I made a very yummy homemade ( from scratch including the pie crust ) avocado shrimp , & pepper quiche plus a salad with a homemade avocado and cucumber salad dressing . My way of distracting from my painful itchy ankle and leg also my horoscope said I'd do something new and totally different and I had some avocados that needed eaten plus I've always wanted to try and make a quiche ! 
the swelling in my ankle is almost down so it's not really painful anymore but the itchy has been unbareable the only thing that seems to take the itch away is afterbite itch eraser thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
made the kids homemade chocolate reese cup pudding for dessert they LOVED it . 
Long work weekend is almost over I thought I'd be completly overwelmed having to care for all the kids , their friends , tigger , and the house but I'm kinda bumd 
it's almost over . I really enjoyed it all .... intertaining , nurturing , cooking , cleaning , and responsibility what a confidence boost ! 
The kids ' grandpa came to help incase we needed a ride and when he left he gave me the best compliment ... \jennifer you can and do EVERYTHING \"" 
I've got so much out of this weekend ( for myself ) -financially mentally and emotionally . I'm also so glad the caseys finally got a < PROPMALE > to get away together too ! 
reflecting , and prioritizing , instead of feeling negative i look at the positive which isnt always easy ! i may not be as focussed on my physical goals but I put a dent on my financial goal this past week ! as my long 92hrs in 7 days ends im excited im working so hard making up for lost hrs in june cant wait to finish this week maybe ill break my hrs worked in one pay roll ! 
even still im slightly frustrated with myself sun-wed i do awesome and then some how the week ends and I skiped way to many days running and still cant manage to find time for myself , family , boyfriend and friends i guess this is what happens when you try and juggle to many things at once or maybe it's what has made me become so strong and confident ... and sleep deprived lol :) 
this week priority .... note to self \reminder you have ONE week to learn to parallel park\ " the test is in exactly 7 days ! FEELING THE PREASURE !!!! " 
happy birthday < PROPFIRST > if i wasnt so busy id try and party it up with you but im getting old too so i gotta stay focussed lol hope you have an awesome birthday ! 
just remembered why i got on facebook in the first place ...... 
Bake it and you’ll receive a ultimate impression and guides for you , your family and home . 
Mix it altogether and it forms security\ 
love , and inspiration . 
a bit of approval and appreciation , a speck of respect and admiration , a trace of compassion and affection , a morsel of obligation and responsibility , and a < PROPMALE > of liability and burden . 
dash of discipline and reinforcement , a splash of patients and persistence , smidge of alertness and focus , a touch of consideration and judgment , 
A drop of loyalty and dedication , a hint of empathy and selfless love , a spoonful of organization and multitasking , a pitch of imagination and creativity , 
Nanny Jenn’s recipe to becoming a super nanny . 
Nannies come and go as will I , most important thing to always remember if we’re ever apart I will always tay in your trusting hearts . I love you ! 
A Nanny has no boundaries , when you choose to become nanny it’s not simply just for the money . The bond of true family is not of blood but of love . 
A small shout out to all the many families I have cared for and who have cared for me . Thank you ! 
Tonight < PROPFEMALE > and i were watching the speecial features from the one of her < PROPFEMALE > movie . On the feature < PROPFEMALE > McPhee's music video connected came on . She turned to me very serous \How does that woman know their(<PROPFEMALE>'s ) lanuage ? \ " ..... To only be a kid again ! " 
tonight I had another really great run freaked out a littel because it got dark faster than I hoped for but i did still push myself to workout for a hr and a half even in the dark which I dont ever plan to do again ! 
I did however look back at my post the past month and am slightly disappointed come tomorrow it will be a mth and Im no longer going down in weight but staying the same . i have cheated way to many times and missed out on many of runs so its expected 
i must end the night on a positive note ..... my weight may not have changed but im making more money allowing myself to eat more plus when I do run Im going twice up to 6 times the distance i did a mth ago my speed is slowly getting faster too and ive notice more muscle in my legs and even my arms , and muscle replaces fat , muscle also weighs more ! 
off to the wow factory when < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
house full of girls running around before i even crawl out of bed today is going to be one busy day ! gotta keep it exciting maybe we'll do homemade < PROPMALE > today and make valcanoes ! 
during the storm there was some really loud thunder I thought it scared < PROPFEMALE > so I hugged her but she said \don't worry im not scared that was my stomach\ " she must be hungry lol or just too cute im not sure which .... " 
off to the pool for a little lunch picnic and pool play with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
went to the lake on a boat with rj his 2 friends and their 4 little girls . I had a blast . It was so relaxing to get out in the sun ! nice reward after 12 days of work with almost each day being a double ! 
another stressing sleepless night any < PROPMALE > anyone here in morgantown has a small car I can use for the driving test .... I've thought long and hard and can't think of anyone , only larger trucks , jeeps , vans , etc .... looks like my only option is to give the driving school a call ! 
once more im either super positive or worried and obsessive How I ever went this long without a drivers license is beyond me ! 10(oct)-05 is the dead line with 3 chances to pass 8 weeks away Looking at all this takes away some of the preasure but only 2 weeks until school starts what to do ... for now I must relax 
i had the best night with my dearest longest will always be forever in my heart best friend and her husband < PROPFEMALE > i love you so much ! 
missing my celso but enjoying the last few nights of conversion .... but i must get to bed waking at 545am to start my 1/2 marathon sort of scared and sort of excited ! 
crossing my fingers my strength training does not make me sore seems i have not trained since i was 170 
is school really only a week away !!!! 
spent ALL day outside with the girls we went out to swim around 1and never came back in until 730 it was alot of fun we played on the the playground , took pics , played in the sand , did some chalk paint for mommy , and ate dinner outside i love these kind of days 
not even 900 and ive already run 6 < PROPMALE > , got a shower , and made biscuits with the girls and cleaned the mess up , and about to go practice parallel parking 
im all grown up I am now a licensed driver !!!!! 
i was slightly naughty tonight indulging a mixture of coffee and chocolate ice cream with yummy chewy brownies but i earned it today was a big day for me ! 
omg how can one puppy snore so bad tigger woke me out of a dead sleep ! 
Woke up today with a wonderful surprise ... the kids daddy came home ! aka a day off for me :) ... 
I also got to experience my first day as a new drivier ... it was so relaxing . Im sure one day it will change but i it was great to get in the car and get things done !.. got to the bank , dog park , visit an old family i was once a nanny for , run and get food for nal , then < PROPFEMALE > , do a little shopping for myself and visit my mom a little . 
can't wait to get in the car and explore some new great trails to run , hike , and climb .... wonder what adventures i should get into tomorrow ? 
broke another running goal today and i feel awesome for the first time i ran from foxwood all the way up < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > rd which has some crazy killer hills i was SO slow but i did not walk im so excited to wake up in the morning and do it maybe but the end of sept ill even push myself to increase my speed 
thinking about doing a 5k this saturday crossing my fingers i dont need to work anyone know of any ..... and even better anyone interested in joining me ? 
how fast life can change .... girls are starting preschool in less than 2 wks rj has made it possible for both girls to go mon wed fri half day which means i will have 3 free mornings so i think it might be time to look into taking a few general classes somewhere so where to start ...... 
anyone with knowledge of used cars ! I've changed plans for saturday no 5k but if anyone is free saturday morning and afternoon i am hopefully going to look at some cars at the honda dealership call me if you'd like to help my clueless self out ! 
any advice on car insurance ? 
i'm so proud but annoyed with myself at the same time ... I pushed myself to run 8 < PROPMALE > tonight however after freaking out my boss for being out later than planed I left my ipod on the trunk of the car and was clueless to drive off never getting the ipod grrrr :/ all I can think is how can I run with no music it inspired me :( 
no luck finding a new ipod that fits in my workout shirts but i did have a relaxing day getting a pedicure at spa < PROPFEMALE > thanks to the gift card from my boss . im going to bridgeport in a little while to see celso .... so exciting !!! 
out for a 2 hr run with celso 
end of a relaxing weekend .. got a pedicure and saw celso , I had a great time with celso- drinks at yesterdays last night , had an incredable run with him this morning , watch a movie , took a nap , and went out for italian for dinner . i'm heading to bed early . Charged and ready for my last week of summer with the little ones my plan pool , pool , pool , and more pool cross my fingers the sun shines ! 
i love being an aunt 
I work hard never to have boo woo me days but today was one then sweet little < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > comes home climbs in my lab squeezes me a giant hug and say i love you places our forheads together and say \YOUR SOOOOO BEAUTIFUL ! \ " l " 
just got back from a late dinner with celso im still so sick can't hardly run but im very excited to have a boyfriend who hears me keeping good faith it continues communication is key 
today really tested how emotionally strong I've become over the years ! Raising children sure can toughen a woman up 
im watching nanny mcphee with the girls tonight 
and say i wish i had magical powers so i could make your kites fly 
then sweet < PROPFEMALE > say but i love you you and beautiful feelings like snow white 
melts my heart :) 
while im making plates for dinner they turn tell daddy i hope jenn does not disappear like nanny mcphee 
i sure love these girls 
< PROPFEMALE > put on a stuffed 4 ft snake around her arms and neck and said \look at me im fancy\ " i told her she looked just like < PROPFEMALE > spears she then said \ " your silly no < PROPFEMALE > does not wear snakes you don't know what your talkin about\ " so i pulled a pic up to show her she then she replied \"< PROPFEMALE > does not perform wearing a snake just only in pics\ " lol so now i ask myself should i show a 4 year old that performance ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > broke the big girl record when she first got bite it took her over 45 < PROPFEMALE > to take her yucky medicine doing it the hard way and this morning she took it in under 1 < PROPFEMALE > doing it the easy way she even said it was yummy im so proud of her ! 
visited home twice this week ..... love you mom 
looking threw the last two years lol im disappearing lol 
loving my horoscope today ! 
time to get hydrated and run ! 
went hiking for 6 hours at coopers . rattle snake trail was def . my fav could not of had a better weekend ! 
its not easy being disapline but it's so worth it 
today has been awesome ... I took the girls and tigger to the dog park and the kids park , got home bathed the girls , some how with rubys help got all the laundry folded and put away . cooked dinner then mowed the grass and took girls to dance . After work i had another amazing run and some sit ups excited my muscles are feeling pain again . new fav place to run ... white park . 
im not sure why .... i'm either running faster , trying to race the sunset , or just felt motivated to run fast tonight but i inpressed myself with my speed tonight ! 
going out to dinner with the < PROPFIRST>'s ... < PROPFEMALE > and I look like twins dressed in beautilful black and white 
loving my classy white dress pants ( giving the allision my pancake butt actually has a shape lol ) 
no more baking until nalini and rj's birthday in oct plus a fun , funky , and maybe even a little creepy halloween cake . Im so excited my creative wheels are already spinning up ideas ! 
almost bailed on my run tonight after running around the mall with the girls for 5 hours i did not think i had it in me but i pushed myself to a little over 6 < PROPMALE > ! muscles are screaming and i feel awesome ! im very pround of myself i made myself run instead of napping . its amazing once the runners high kicks in the energy i get . i love it ! sleeping great tonight ! 
today had a great begininnig , and fun and productive middle and an evening of peace n ' love and feeling completed .... may sound silly but my heart is full of pure true happiness now . I love this feeling ! 
\jenn looks different . She's much skinner and stronger . It's like she's brand new ! \ " < PROPMALE > ( 8yr boy Ive loved and cared the past 7 yrs ) decribed how losing all this weight has made me feel perfectly !..... I feel brand new !!! " 
i think tig dog has lost his mind not only did he jump half his body on the kitchen counter ( there was no food on the counter either ! ) but he even chewed the screen window assuming he could get inside that way the only thing i can think of is the scooby dog treat we just got him made him crazy so they are now in the trash tomorrow will be a new day for the tig dog 
I like it anywhere ( counter , bed , floor , even the car ) as long as I get it quickly 
Thanks mom for helping and teaching on my taxes . deadline line was close feeling greatful to have such a dependable mom love you ! 
Stealing the quote from my mom's mouth ..... \I like it hanging from the walmart bathroom hook \"" 
made some me time and watched cirque du soleil : alagira . LOVED IT ! 
highly recommind watching cirque du soleil : alagira for the music , enterainment , but most of all the story line cirque du soleil : alagira had some of the most beautiful quote ( which ive posted down below ) and music ... 
two beautiful quotes i sent to celso today he's missing me like crazy ( i miss him lots too even more when he makes a point to show me he misses me ) Even thow we are worlds apart I can still taste your name on my lips , just to see you is not to know you , you are going to get many flowers from many men be careful which one you choose 
I close my eyes to dream .... \ 
See your smile , \ 
Hear my laugh , \ 
Knead your muscles , \ 
Taste our kiss , \ 
Pull me close , \ 
Caress , Arouse , Embrace , \ 
Then hold me threw the night 
close my eyes to dream .... \ 
sleepless night :/ 
a shooting < PROPFEMALE > is unpredictable , You never know where it's going to fall 
today I did a mummy & bat crafts w/ the kids , had a nail salon , then we went outside bikesriding . once I was off went up to mom's ( making a black < PROPMALE > cake for her boss ) , ran 2 < PROPMALE > , talked to celso :) while shopping for ingrediets , got home started the cakes , ran over to < PROPFEMALE>'s place ( < PROPFEMALE > needed meds ) , got home & now I'm baking the cakes and taking a shower soon , then off to bed I do love creating creativIty 
Imagine this you make a beautiful absolutely perfect black < PROPMALE > cake , then on the way to delivering the cake the heat and wv curvy crazy roads destroys the cake’s perfection ! The top two layers move sliding into the lid of the cake plate .. Then the < PROPFEMALE > top ran down the side . Yes a nightmare . Nothing a little positive problem solving can’t fix . 
crazy i make but wont eat the yummest worst diet desserts and serve them to everyone else lol i wish i had more reasons to share my dessert they are so much fun to make and i adore all the appreciation i may have stoped eating them but i'll never stop baking them 
? It's Couples week ! Post this as your status with the date you got together ..... together- may 31/09 : most beautiful weekend at seneca rock the weekend he wooed me with a delightful weekend : hiking , conversation , a picnic , seafood dinner , music- sang to me and played guitar & drums , 1st run together , and so much more ! 
excited to be out of my week sick sleeping coma .... crossing my fingers my fever stays normal ..... feeling so greatful to have such supportive and understanding employers ..... anxsious to start running again ! 
2 exsaulsting days down just a few more to go to get this house back in order and ready for halloween fun ! 
2 days in counting i cant wait to become < PROPFEMALE > ! 
1 eventful day down 10 more to go ... 
feeling incredible guilt .... a weekend getaway vs emailing a happy birthday chalk < PROPMALE > message really does not even out ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had an icecream sandwich while she ate it i sang her one of her bratz songs she's so precious she smiled at me with her chocolate covered teeth and said you have beautiful sounds 
love days like today ... bowling with all the girls , shoe shopping , then dinner . 
tonight < PROPFEMALE > asked me \why do you take your \ " i don't wanna baby pill\ " everynight\ " then < PROPFEMALE > said \ " ya dont you wanna be a mommy\ " .... lol i told them \ " i gotta get a husband first ... besides im your nanny right now if i had a baby you'd have to share me \"" 
i pushed myself to run today .... once again i ask myself .... why idid stop in the first place ? i feel so great ( mentally ) its been weeks of stress and no running simply proved to me once more i need to run for more than just lossing the pounds and gaining the muscle ! 
building the most creative spaceship with < PROPFEMALE > 
baked a delectable homemade vanilla cake with chuncks of chocolate covered < PROPFEMALE > candies baked right into the cake and covered in a chocohomemade chocolate icing drizzled with < PROPFEMALE > and chocolate glaze 
had lots of laughs at the grocery store with < PROPFEMALE > a < PROPFEMALE > who knew going shopping could be so much fun with a 3 and 4 year old .... RIP poor little cupcake turkey ( who never even saw the flying 24 case of bottled water ! ) 
baking pies !.... 3 < PROPFIRST > cream cheese , 4 pumpkin cream cheese , 1 oreo cream cheese , 1 apple , and a crazy concoction to use up the leftovers .... an oreo crust , chocolate ice cream , oreo cream cheese filling , chocolate cake and whip cream . All should be very tasty but nothing can out do my plate licking < PROPFEMALE > chocolate glaze vanilla cake ! 
i am thankful for my achievments this year ..... i can drive ! i have earned my freedom and independence ...... plus the willpower to run into a size 10 jean .... for the first time in my life i feel free ! 
taking a 2nd shot creating my < PROPFIRST > cheese cake 
great thanksgiving , created a ton of amazing pies , visit my grandma and family , have the BEST dinner at moms while visiting with my brother and his family laughed like crazy and played with the kids almost forgot that im not a kid lol , spent the night at moms and laughed all day today until my stomach hurt and tears running down my face ! i could not ask for a better holiday cant wait to see what cristmas will bring ! 
gave a little advice to my little sister tonight and gave myself a little reminder as well .... 
simply gained from it all ..... its hard ..... but one day the tears of pain will end and you'll begin to accept new life and feel stronger and wiser about your own self and all you need and < PROPFEMALE > to be hole again , to build and trust in new relationships , experience happiness unfortunately yet again more saddness , 
learn , appriciate and gain knowledge about yourself , life , and others . love should give you comfort but never let love become comfortable or the flame will simply die and all you are left with is resentment . just hold onto the good days and even the bad years , the happy laughs and even the sad tears , the furture dreams and even the present disapointments 
moving on is simple , it is what you leave behind that makes it so difficult ! just enjoy each and every lovable exciting memorable moment ! NEVER forget each and every one of them , no matter how easy it is to feel hate in order for you to move on never forget the memories , remember the joy ! but do not hold onto what's comfortable . 
Sometimes nice simply doesn't work :/ .... I go for the hear , listen then and speak method ... just make sure your speech is listened to more than heard .... big difference ... not so much in the sound you use but the < PROPFEMALE > and words you choose to use ! 
off to pittsburgh with the < PROPFIRST > family for the day 
presents are starting to arrive ! I don't think I'll ever shop in an actual store again .. this online shopping has been the smartest thing Ive ever done ! I some what managed my spending better , bought unique gifts , plus a bonus i didnt even think of as each dilivery is dropped off i wrap it no more endless night of gift wrapping ! 
got the evening off and decided to bake and organize over relaxing ... organized and cleaned out my closet for gifts plus i baked yummy peanut butter reese , peanut chocolate chip , and white chocolate macadamia nut cookies 
irritated with a lying , back stabbing , miserable housekeeper . 
bananna baking crazy plus toy and < PROPMALE > work organizing cant wait for christmas ! 
played in the snow today for the first time , put my winter boots , glove , coat , scarf , and hat on my denial is finally over ive accepted winter is here the girls and tigger played shovel snow fight .... super funny .... tomorrow the downstairs < PROPMALE > room will once again be my winter gym ! time to work out before my 10s become my 12s 
baked with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > my little helpers < PROPFEMALE > would be so proud ! we made peanut butter , white chocolate chip , cocoa chocolate , and pumpkin cheese cake cookies with homemade chocolate , peanut butter and pumpkin cheese cake icing to give it an extra touch except the white chocolate chip they were already to perfect no icing needed ! 
preschool christmas party , playdate with < PROPFEM < PROPMALE > E > and the girls- made the cuttest pine cone pink ski girl plus helped a dear friend at the same time !, church choir with all the girls , then a nice visit at home and ended the night with grocery shopping qnd talking to < PROPMALE > . Only sad part of the day was busting a $30 bottle of wine but no fuss because when i got in the house my last big online order came in ! 
excited to wake up to a clean bedroom ! tomorrows goal to go to bed to a clean house ! 
once more i busted my butt and cleaned every room in this 3 story house plus finished all the laundry , wraped all my christmas present , picked dinner up for little ones , worked on < PROPFIRST>'s christmas cards and tree , and finished the night getting them all dolled up for family christmas photos 
looks like i reached last nights goal and more :) 
tomorrows goal .... finish < PROPFIRST>'s christmas cards , st < PROPMALE > rubys b-day invitations and orgainize all our < PROPMALE > supplies and just maybe wash my bedroom walls down ! 
christmas had a beautiful happy starts all my family were together but then ended in a disaster due to ice on the road , lack of driving experience and driving into a back road creek :( I !!!!!!! HATE !!!!!! SNOW !!!!!!!...... Now I'm left with unwanted emotions and a damaged car :( 
cant seem to get the vision of < PROPMALE>'s head hitting my window . i tear up everytime i even think of it ! christmas sure sucked this year like they say what wont kill you will make you stronger but they forgot to add wiser i am thankfull any other boss would have fired me physically we're so lucky but finacially I'm not so much :( ! 
looking at the past 2-3 month my life has really spun out of control ill have to say crashing the car was def . rock bottem time to gain control before i loss complete control of my sanity and well being sucks i let myselk sink so long but it has been worse and i managed to make it back up i know i can do it again ! 
first step order in this house , 2nd figure of this car mess , 3rd find my old self working out again will be a great start cant feel crazy any longer 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . 
beginning to find my positive self again and appriciating the small important things life 
cant wait to get out in the snow and make some snow angels , build a snow man , and maybe even some sledding ... plus a workout shoveling the snow ! 
awesome day shoveling , sledding , dance off , and < PROPFEMALE > tickles 
dance revolution2 its too much fun and such a great workout ! -- of all songs but ill have to admit my fav is < PROPFEMALE > los vagas lol i really am just one big kid at heart I just love riding the horse around lol 
i'm having terrible continuos dreams crashing a car all different ways . you know the annoying ones where you wake go back to sleep again only instead of it continuing i just crash another crazy scary way grrr make it end already ! 
making butternut squash soup 
wishing it snow a foot so we can made a snowman ! it's the perfect snow ! 
felt like my happy positive self !!!! tonight even though every adult thought id lost my mind and every kid wanted to play with me I even had a kid who never meet me before say \ Will you play with me your HIPER ! \ " Happy birthday day < PROPFEMALE > love you lots " 
Imagine we all have a bucket within us that needs to be filled with positive experiences , such as recognition or praise . When we're negative toward others , we use a dipper to remove from their buckets and diminish their positive outlook . When we treat others in a positive manner , we fill not only their buckets but ours as well . \ 
\ 
so how full is your bucket ? 
heard some lyrics i just had to repeat .. not b/c im down there just wise !.... i dont need no one to make me frown just make me look older ! 
as crazy or maybe lame ! the highlight of my day was finding a ugg for < PROPFEMALE > unfortunally i still have not located my cell phone or a wallet grrrr !!!!!! 
somehow i hurt my back worst part is laying down is the worst crossing my fingers i get some sleep tonight 
heading outside with the girls to play in the wind ! 
starting on the girls v-day card we're making tinypaper purses sewing them together with ribbon with beads adding a few stickers and putting a little < PROPFEMALE > inside 1 down 68 to go lol 
my boss's family is about to have a new baby born sometime tonight just a thought in my head all you mom's out there who'd you want with you while you were in labor ? 
didnt go out or get my bailys and bubble bath but i did get a night with 3 giggly girls 
:( once again Ive become a ( jen)cks first with WVU and now the NFL Ive got to stop watching the games ! 
first day back to work since my week of the flu and steep VERY productive day cant wait to breath normal crossing my finger for a healthier day tomorrow 
loving the brookestone foot massager 
anyone going to the lady gaga concert ? 
i'll say it again .... LOVING the brookestone foot massager 
can one woman really have to many clothes ? 
