so glad im off work ... 

big brother in ten minutes ! its pathetic how much i like that show 
so tired ... hate my job 
tequllia yumm 
i got paid ! 
is so happy she doesn't have to work today ! 
can't decide what i want to do tonight ... 
so relieved and happy now ! 
had an awful day :( 
is still sick but getting better :) 
feels so much better ! had a good day too :) for the most part 
i need a new job ! 
i love wearing a new outfit ! 
is lovin life ! 
i need a new job :( 
i love my new job :) 
at&t and an iphone ? or verizon and an envy touch ?.... 
There is nothing that is thrown at me that with the help of God , I can't handle . 
Hopeless romantics are only hopeless in the eyes of those who don't believe in romance . 
do any one else's houses make creepy noises when they're home alone :/ 
one day off :) and then eleven in a row :( 
back to school soon !! is it weird that im so excited ? 
i feel so much better about life now !!! and im so much happier ! goodbye super one foods ! 
after nextwednesday im never working in a grocery store again ! and i advise you all to do the same :) 
new laptop today , new glasses and hair cut tomorrow ! life is good :) 
I retract all previous statements I made about < PROPFIRST>'s Day .. It was one of the best nights of my life :) hope you all had a good one too ! <3 
i just got home from a terrible date :( hope everyone elses night was better than mine haha ! <3 
got my tax return ! yeah < PROPMALE > :P 
who knew running could be so exhilirating ? haha i definitely have to do this more often ! 
drink with my girls tonight ? yeah < PROPMALE > , hit me up ! 
so much to do and so little time ... 
just got home from working 12 and a half hours ... i cant express how much my feet hurt 
I love relaxing sundays on my couch :) 
If you should return to me .. we truely were meant to be <3 
if you haven't seen The Girl Next Door you are definitely missing out ! 
Got my Juicy bag in the mail !!! so excited ! its so cute !!!! <3 
ordered my books online ... soooo much cheaper :) 
watched snow white and the seven dwarfs last night , love disney <3 
good weekend :) 
car broke down again ... right before im supposed to be at work ... grrr 
siicckkk ugh ... 
ughhh sick two days before my birthsay :( 
i start school tomorrow !!! woohoo !!!! is it weird that im this excited ??? im such a nerd :) 
i love sundays ... at least when im not working :) 
cancelled class , beautiful day , relaxation , and new clothes ... life is good 
another beautiful day !!! lovin life :) 
my legs feel like jello haha . what should i have for dinner ? 
im not sure what to do now but ill keep on praying 
Every generation laughs at the old fashions , \ 
but religiously follows the new . 
my 3 yr old cousin is a HUGE smart ass hahahaha 
what to do today ? 
\and i wonder if i ever cross your mind .. for me it happens all the time \"" 
one more final tomorrow morning and im finally done ! til next quarter that is :) start my new job on monday as well woohoo !!!! no more penneys yay !! 
back from camping . so much fun ! 
loving my new job ! 
Happy friday the 13th !!!! 
Someone save me from my boredom ..... 
stand up for what you believe in -\ 
even if your standing alone . <3 
hungover .. time to lay by the pool :) 
Somewhere a firefighter is missing his family while caring for yours . In the minuteit takes you to read this , firefighters all over the world are saving lives . It's Firefighters Appreciation Week ... Repost this if you are a firefighter , love a firefighter , or appreciate a firefighter !! 
getting drunk tonight ? i think yes ;) 
interview tomorrow wish me luck ! 
\A Bible that is falling apart usually belongs to a person who isn't . \"" 
Two job interviews this afternoon !! wish me luck ! 
I need to find a new church .. any suggestions ? 
Even on my weakest days I get a little bit stronger .. 
work , church , amens , sharis , chocolate chip cookies , and < PROPFEMALE > land . I had a good day :) 
This lullaby is only a few words\ 
A simple run of chords\ 
Quiet in this spare room \ 
But you can hear it , hear it\ 
Whereever you may go\ 
I will let you down\ 
But this lullaby plays on .... 
' Like ' my status and ill tell you 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your < PROPFEMALE > for 13 seconds 2 . The color you remind me of 3 . My first memory of you 4 . The animal you remind me of 3 . My first memory of you 5 . Ask you something I've always wondered about you 6 . My favorite thing about you 7 . Give you a w ... eird < PROPMALE > name 8 . Challenge you to post this 
It's that time of year where we just drink more instead of dressing warmer ! 
Halloween weekend = f'ing insane !!! 
i have to go get my drivers license tabs and insurance .. ugh 
The sandwiches from my work are so amazing .. im never going to subway again XD 
< PROPFIRST>'s Song = Amazing Movie !! 
About to go to my new apartment !! so excited ! XD 
pizza .. yes :) 
Oh man this made me laugh\ 
\ 
Dear Scissors , \ 
I feel your pain ... No one wants to run with me either . \ 
Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > Palin . 
mmmmm chocolate chip cookies <3 
i love thanksgiving leftovers <3 
\You are my sweetest downfall \"" 
\Every generation laughs at the old fashions but religiously follows the new \"" 
today was officially my last day of school ! It's official people . i have my A.A. degree 
One day i wanna copy someone's status word for word just to see if they notice 
6510 : i'm so glad we were friends . you are probably the sweetest person i know . man we had some good times . i'll never forget staying the night at charlys on falcon , and her older brother came over . we couldnt get you to stop drooling over him . of course i couldnt either :) and for some reason we stayed in < PROPMALE > roon that night , dont remember why i think we were playing video games . 
im glad for the number game just because of this . this shit is hilarious ! \ 
#402 . You were a one night stand that overstayed your welcome . And now , you're stalking me on facebook . AWKWAAAAAAAAARD ! 
69 : We definitely have some beer pong memories :) didnt know you for very long but you're a great person and i had a lot of fun with you . As im sure you know i also had a big crush on you . but , alas , got totally turned down ! All in all , we had good times and im glad i got to know you . 
High off pain meds but hyper off steroids ... whoa i feel weird 
last night was awesome ! \who said that paragraph ?!?! \ " \ " stop vulture man ! \"" 
why is it so hard to find an affordable but still somewhat nice apartment ?? 
This one might be fun ... \ 
Inbox only ! 2010 is almost over , confess something you've always wanted to tell me ( message me ) , it will stay between us . Copy this and post it to your status . You might be surprised at what you get !!!! 
Do sore thumbs really stick out ? have you ever looked a thumb and said , wow that baby is sore ?.. 
bubble bath , chicken < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > potter :) 
i just scrubbed a bowl for fifteen minutes because whatever substance , ( that was making me gag the whole time from the smell ) , wouldnt come off ... 2 more months and i will never have to wake up to a dirty ass house again !! 
no more phone , hit me up on facebook 
Court this morning .. So tired .. 
mmmmmm .... venom :) 
Thats right baby ! Go green bay ! 
this valentines day will never top last year .. neither will any valentines day after that .. i think ill just stop acknowledging the holiday altogether .. either that or by myself chocolates :) 
Phones off .... again haha 
hashbrowns , eggs , bacon , and english muffins . really want it ... dont want to spend the time to make it 
I'm an aries damnit and that ain't ever changing ! 
When i eventually get a house the first thing i'm doing is building a treehouse in the backyard .. whether i have kids or not 
im craving an < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ... 
i find this hilarious ! \ 
A student comes to a young professors office . She glances down the hall , closes his door , kneels pleadingly . \ 
\I would do anything to pass this exam . \ " \ 
It's so fluffy I'm gonna die !!! <3 
Love my new house ! 
Anyone wanna buy a digital camera ? 
Somebody stole my pickles : 0 
Thats what happens when you let the licorice drive 
My 21st is on saturday ! Im so excited ! 
