Why Lord Why ! 

takin a deep breath and movin on cuz imma smile :-) 
Ya know ... he tends to make me feel a lil jolly ... GO ME ! lol 
I am so excited to get away from petersburg this weekend ... I CANT WAIT ! 
Life never gets any easier , you will always have a heavy load to bear . But I love havin great friends to help me < PROPFEMALE > mine . Im so grateful :-) 
LOL ... wow ! Too hilarious !!! 
one day .. maybe jus one day I'LL be good enough too 
I wanna good snowball fight sooooo bad !! 
did anyone even say thet thank God for their grammy yet ? 
SAGGIN DA SKINNIES LIL < PROPMALE > NOOOOOO !!! 
the thought of goin to work realli makes me feel like im goin to an 1800's cotton field ... UUUGGGGHHH 
feeling kinda bummed out ... i cant wait to go to sleep 
please tell me itz a lie ... itz not snowing now and someone jus threw flour at me house right ? 
is lovin that warm fuzzy feeling inside :-) 
Today was a realli good day and i am so so grateful and thankful .. Thanx to everyone that made me and my heart smile today ! 
As stressful as life is .. there is oh so much to be appreciative for so SMILE :-) 
Sometimes you just know .. ya know ? 
Sometimes it's just so difficult to let go .. but you go through difficult things to learn a lesson and if you fall back into the same ugly black hole , you are not bettering yourself at all . Just Let Go .. There are better things instore for you and me too ;-) 
The best things in life .... Yea maybe they are worth waiting for 
Soo .. knowing yourself .. yea thatz a necessity .. but itz all about gettin betta and keepin it movin 
Just got my first ticket on my 20th bday ... TERRIBLE already :-( \\nMz . LonaLee 
Was that an earthquake ? Did anybody else's house just shake ? Cuz somethin surely got me out my bed nervous 
Should i buy an ipod touch today ? 
ABOSOLUTELY LOVIN THIS IPOD TOUCH !!! 
Graduated from phlebotomy class today and i had the HIGHEST GPA ... 120.3 ! Feelin pretty good :-) \\n 
I love my best buds < PROPFEMALE > Cee Cee Rhodes and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
is so frustrated ... so sick ... so tired nd needin relief 
Ever been just blah , done , tired , yet with eyes WIDE open ... yea that feeling , im aaaalll over it ! 
If one more thing goes wrong today ... i might jus lose the last little piece of mind i have 
The little things ... gotta love'em ... all smiles ;-) 
Dis graduation is toooooo hot !!!!!!! 
I am officially a Certified Phlebotomy Technician ! YAY ME ! 
This tribute is WEAK !!! 
so i REALLI REALLI wanted < PROPMALE > to perform . I mean a lol diamonds nd pearls or when doves cry or SOMETHIN ! 
Friends .. how many of us have them ? Think again cuz u might jus be fooled . Know ur loved ones nd make sure ur loved ones know you . It save a lot of heartache . 
im taking some alone time , reevaluting things , and reinventing myself for my own sanity's sake . I need to love me harder than anybody else . I am my own puppeteer . 
Sooooooo did anybody else power round here jus go out ? 
The ups and downs are still worth the emotional roller coater sometimes .. if that friend is willing to stay on the ride with you ;-) 
is raining on the inside today ... 
Time for a new haircut ! 
Watchin School House Rock with the guy bff nd we rollin lol ya need School House Rock in ya life ! 
it is sooooo beautiful outside . and im jus sittin on the porch lovin the breeze with dinner in the crockpot ... enjoying my day off and its GREAT !! 
< PROPFIRST > Tha < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > misses me !!! lol its only been 7 years 
If i could solve every problem , I would . If I could answer every question , I would . If I could help every person , I would . If I could be everything that everyone needed me to be and expected from me , I would . But please understand I wish I could , but it's hard enough to just do the basics . Be patient with me . 
stop bein nosey < PROPFIRST > Tha < PROPMALE > Lewis ... imma punch you in the face !! 
I thought I was doing a good job at weaving out the fake people , but too many are proving not to be as true as they would lik to pretend they are . its a shame how much people talk bout the ones that fight for them the most . Never take anything for face value . You need more than a second glance nowadays . 
So .. im glad i dnt understand because if i did .. doesnt that make me just as crazii ? Yea .. hooray for the few sane ppl left !!! 
#23 .. i jus realli wanna say u knw better .. i dnt play fb games lol and maybe id say i still love u lik my brother if u called me bak monday . realli tho i do still love u , ur crazi sweet n kool and u were realli there for me when i needed u the most and thats irreplaceable jus lik you !! 
#250 ... spanish class . what can i say IT WAS A BLAST lol . u and ur < PROPMALE > were my homies and id love to go back to those days when all we worried bout was if today wuld b the day ms schroder actually coughed up a lung nd died lol . Miss u lots :-) 
today was my last day at hair plus ... tomorrow starts a new chapter and better days & nbsp ;: -) 
the ER today was stinkin crazii ... they put me in there doin blood work ALONE .. theeennn folks was jus flippin out left and right smh Petersburg folks a trip lol 
Had an AWESOME weekend thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Cee Cee Rhodes , Jai < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > OBrien , and interestingly < PROPFIRST > Lawson ... LOVE YOU GUYS :-) 
