Waiting 4 my Birthday so i can\ Leagally\ " drink " 

i wish my best friends were with me ! 
I love my best friends 
Overthinking 2 much 
Feeling like a ass cuse i was acting immature to some of the most imporant people in my life 
I got a new friend ! 
Working ... sigh ... 
Reaching 4 something that is out of reach 
Letting the false world dissolve itself 
Hate the song rude boy by rianna 
Wishing i knew more japenese ! 
Wishing the world made sense 
Coming from church 
Why is everything i want out of reach ? 
Hanging with my cuzs 
watching my cousin get her hair done and wondering\ how they do it ? \"" 
Im so hot and worn out 
haning my my cuz < PROPFEMALE > at the new libary 
At the libary doing my reserch 
It now also time to make some changes in my life 
The curse of the 7 deadly sins strikes again 
Do you belive if you have no goals you can't get dissapointed . 
Why is the just is treated unjust and the unjust get everything ? 
Hanging with my cousin < PROPFEMALE > truitt-joyner in the library and writing my new story . 
Hanging with my cousin < PROPFEMALE > Truitt-Joyner at the library and take my anger in the bedroom wit my girl later ! 
Damn ! I miss my cousins 
Came back from bowling with my family and i had a blast ! 
Doing nonthing ... mostly 
Just came from six flags with my family hope i can go again next weekend ! 
going to six flags with my family today . I cant wait ! 
Damn ! It's hot as hell outside ! 
Damn ! it's so hot working while surrounded by metal ! 
I finally got peace of mind and a well deserved rest 
HAS ANYONE BESIDES < PROPFEMALE > Truitt-Joyner OR Chaquana Truitt HEARD THE HOUSE RULE OF \NUMBER LINE WITH UNO ? " 
i finally got internet in my house ! 
Thanking my friends for saving my life and rekindling my passion 
I'M TIRED OF THIS LIFE ! 
I WILL reshape my < PROPFEMALE > and get the girl 
Tired of seeing all this injustice 
Damn < PROPFEMALE > is a bitch i seen her work ... don't like it very much 
Im sooooooooo hungry !!! 
im starting the Dude Pocket Fund at the low cost of a dollar each you can keep Dude's pockets full ! 
I collected about 20 dollars thanks to the Dude's Pocket Fund ! 
I'm at work chillin ' doing absolutely nothing ! 
I failed my best friend for the last time iswear i will protect you forever 
Summer is almost finally over . 
I'm now at the top of my game ! 
Even though this world will fuck u over dont let that shatter ur dreams ! 
... and with the ring of he school < PROPFEMALE > summer finally comes to a close 
is ... and with the ring of the school < PROPFEMALE > summer finally comes to a close . 
is ... and with the ring of the school < PROPFEMALE > summer finally comes to a close 
if you think your perfect already , then you will never be ! 
Im so lost in this confusing world . 
When you find someone worth protecting thats when you start living ! 
To all u fake ass niggas know this , I'm indestructable ! 
Why is my heart so far out of reach ? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY SIEDAH !!! 
No matter how bright the < PROPFEMALE > may seem , eventually that light will go out leaving u in the darkness once more 
Being me never felt so good ! :) 
I NEED A CHILL PILL ! 
Why is love bring people nothing but darkness and despair ? 
PEOPLE ARE CRUDDY AS SHIT STEALING MY MONEY KNOWING I NEED IT FOR MY I.D ! IF I FIND OUT WHO DID IT I WILL RASAGAN THEIR LIFE INTO OBLIVION ! BELIEVE IT ! 
All is good ... Finally ! 
Missin my mother like crazy ! HAPPY HOLIDAYS ! 
Im so bored ! got a selrious case of the itis ! 
I got my game back ! 
Hi fb fam I wishing all happpy holiday 
why do the holidays brings out the worst in me ? 
Freezing to death outside ! 
Damn it cold outside ! cant wait til my cuz come home tomorrow ! 
Damn it's cold outside cant wait to drink some hot tea and relax . 
Why do people keep pushing my buttons ? My guess is they want their ass whiped ! 
Good night facebook . 
to all my anime fans would you like it if your favorite anime characters would fight in a card game ? 
I am revived ... finally ! 
the winds of change is brewing 
GO RAVENS !!! 
looks like another thing fuckin me up thanks mother nature ! 
Finding my way back to the lord 
starting a new adventure ... wish me luck 
Wow there goes my first snag in my adventure . 
playing trouble 
Watching K-On ! 
I'm sick and pissed 
Man today was some bs but i wont let that stop me ! 
Finally some luck in my life , texting an angel 
Damn my luck sucks 
I want to belive in god but my life wont let me ... i need help . lol 
In the waiting room at mercy with my aunt 
Taking my senond step futher in my life ! 
I wish true love exist 
Watching maury and damn this was shocking 
Want to release my anger ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ... gone 
My luck is at 150% ! 
Got my first hangover ... Nice 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AVY !!! 
Soooo bored !! 
sometimes it's good to forgive people , but sometimes revenge is sweet . 
