I love paramore . 

i just had the worst day EVER ! i thought it was not imaginable . haha i still can't believe i fell . 
yumm , i havent had a < PROPFEMALE > drink from surf city forever ! 
i finally know what im gonna be for halloween . 
finally got some < PROPFEMALE > . :] 
i have soooo .. much homework . 
my stomach has been hurting for two days straight now . 
i like morning walks :) 
shopping today ! :) 
i wish i went to SF today , but had to go to the dentist . 
im excited for tommarrow :) 
i neeeeeddddd a graphing calculator haha . 
im excited for my birthday ! 
flooooorida in one more day ! :) 
excited for christmas (: 
In Punjab ! In the train , going to Shimla . Can't wait to get there gonna see the Himalaya range , and play in the snow . 
the himalayan mountains are humongouslyy huge ! :o 
Wow , did way too much today . Got lost in the hotel , hiked in ice , rode on a horse , saw my cousin make a horse fall then jump off it haha , drove on roads where no car has chains , dirt roads , w/ an icy road . Then went to the famous mall road that goes all the way to china :) now to see rock garden , and go back to Delhi ! 
home sweet home :) 
i like to walk home in the rain . 
ew i have soar throat , i hope it doesn't stay for the whole break . & happy valentines day :) 
just went for a jog :) 
ew , i just swallowed my gum . 
sooo happy with my grades ! :) 
taco < PROPFEMALE > , was yuuuuuuummy . 
pina colada flavored sobe is the best ! 
SOOOOOOOO COLD !! 
i hope it doesn't rain much tommarrow . 
So Tired ... 
cant wait to watch < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland tommarrow !! 
Fun time visiting Monterey , Climbed up a huge hill !! & went to < PROPFEMALE > . 
i hope the CAHSEE isn't too hard 
i want a haircut ! 
i got my haircut :) going to valley fair now ? okay :) 
I love falling asleep listening to the rain :) 
Question of the day : why do we save water if the oceans are over flowing ? :) I'd like to know . 
nachooooooooooooooos for dinner yuuuum :) 
I hate when my feet are cold . 
Today was fun at ihop :) 
Time for lost !! 
Who knew lemons were so expensive ? Haha well now me and benish do , fuuuun day ! :) 
I can't wait to get our keychains at the teen center tommarrow 
I hope the weather is good again today 
i love ice cream :) i wish we made those shrinkydinks , gotta wait till monday or tuesday . 
My teeth hurt so bad . 
Boored at home alone . 
Hooray I can actually curl my hair 
So much fun tonight , I loved that movie , one of my favorite now :) 
April showers bring may flowers :) 
I love the smell o febreeze haha . 
Tabs is a cheating way of playing music , you should be able to read music if you play an instrument . 
Watching diary of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
I can't believe I have a loose tooth lol . 
Every Monday I get excited for lost and then I remember it's not Tuesday yet . 
Time for 4 hours of English < PROPFEMALE > testing :/ 
Had fun today , climbed a tree lol , I can't handle anymore of this < PROPFEMALE > testing 
Modern family is a cool show . 
I wish it was pajama day again I'm so ready to wear mine to school , I think I have pink eye :/ 
I love riding my bike :) 
My mom just made the most delicious salad ever . 
Yay it's spring break finally :) 
I have to wake up early tommarrow :/ 
Dr. Pepper is the best ! 
Pizza for dinner :) 
Hahaha I lovee the < PROPFIRST > simmons show :) 
Who knew changing bed sheets was this hard ? Haha . 
Chilling with beans :) 
finally made Benish sit down and watch Lost ! :) 
fun day , super tired now ! 
Lost only has four more episodes ! Makes me excited but sad . 
The rain is pyscho right now . 
Gossip girl is actually a cool show . 
Had fun touring < PROPMALE > campus at midnight and staying at jaya didi's :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > beach boardwalk , in the long california sun :) 
I really don't want to go to school tommarrow . 
Benish y yo hablábamos . yup :) 
ice cream ! :) 
i wish Lost's next episode would be aired already !! 
My grandparets are coming from < PROPFEMALE > finally !!!! I'm sooo happy & excited !!!!! :D 
listening to some oldddd songs , and changing bedrooms once again . 
totes my goats finally makes sense to me :) I just watched I love you man , hilarious . 
feels like summer :) 
starbucks ice cream is best melted . 
I had egg for the first time in a long time a few years and it was nasty . 
I cannot believe that lost just made me cry this is the most sad episode !! 
haha \can you beat that ? \ " Benish says \ " obviously\ " hahah were playing thirteen :) " 
yummy I had chipotle for dinner and now I'm way full I think teres a bird nest outside my window because all day long there's a chirp , talk about annoying . can't wait for the lost episode it's gonna be the one with no cast member in it , and especially talking about it with gabby all day made me excited :) 
cleaning , cleaning , cleaning ... 
I really wanna paint my room , it's so white haha . 
gol gappey yummy !! :) 
having fun watching old home videos super funny , now i know my sister used to < PROPMALE > me . around with branches and the crazy parties , good times :) 
I love Jimi Hendrix :) 
I hope it stops raining after today . 
haha I was so excited all the way on my walk home for my grandparents I come home go upstairs and there sleeping lol 
great I woke up with a swollen eye 
today is a beautiful day :) 
i love starbucks for having happy hour this week . 
5th period made me addicted to card games haha . :) 
coldplay has the best lyrics :) 
fun day at cheesecake factory . 
never thought tutoring could be that fun but harjots awesome :) 
I really hate this weather ! 
fun day with Harjot and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
whaaaaaaaat ?? < PROPMALE > bass died in gossip girl , that's crazy !! 
i have never heard anything more funny then this , so this man wants to come and say his condolences to my grandpa for my uncle , and he thought the doorbell was the garage's button to open & close . haha ! and my mom freaked out . 
ugh worst headache at 3AM can't sleep :/ 
it's a beautiful morning :) 
I feel so sick :( 
why does the conditioner always run out faster then the shampoo ? really irratating . 
mangos are delicious :) 
had in n out yumm :) 
summer is < PROPFEMALE > close ! :) 
lost season finale tonight ! can't wait . 
haha roses are red , violets are blue 4 , 8 , 16 , 23 , 42 . that made me crack up . :) 
OMG :) 
I love happy endings :) 
Finally getting some english homework done :) 
sleeepy , Mondays last < PROPFEMALE > long ! 
I would love to go to sleep right now 
:) 
I just looked at my lunch money and then my sisters and I had 2 dollars she had two 20's and I forgot she was going to grad night lol 
sleeepyy 
tutoring with Harjot is fun&hilarious , haha . 
listening to some oldd songs with Benish :) 
I'm excited for this weekend and tommarrow :) 
I hope the weather stays this way ! 
I just curled benish's hair and did a horrible job !! haha hilarious ! 
wowww me and Benish took 4 hours to curl each others hair ! it's crazy I don't understand why it took us < PROPFEMALE > long haha ! love you Benish . 
that was a fun party :) 
I love eating lemon :) 
can't wait to go swimming ! 
I have a new fav fruit ! called laukat but the problem is that idk what it's called in English . and anyone know a good movie to watch ? 
I'm super happy we have tommarrow off ! 
I like watching the sun rise . 
my eyes are buurning ! after swimming , it sucks . 
great , my mom took away my ipod touch , because i wasnt studying when i dont have any studying to do , and while my friend was at my house . :/ 
the office never fails to amuse me :) 
yess i finally found my phone ! 
frozos is yummy ! i saw the funniest bumper sticker today that said .. save the planet , kill yourself . haha . 
i just realized today is my half birthday haha , officially 15 and a half . :) 
feels like summer ! :) 
Fun friday at school , did noothing but fiestas ! 
haha , i love spending time with B :) 
Dear < PROPFIRST > , was suchhh a great movie ! So sadd . 
today i planned to study all day , but instead had lots of fun with the family , and especially that crazy kid Aryan ! :) 
Sooo tired , my arms are sore ! Not looking forward to school tommarrow . 
my eyes burn ! i'm not going swimming for a while now , haha . 
fun day :) now i have tutoring , math and chem for 2 hours . :( haha . 
i would love to take a nap right now . :) 
i love my grandpa , he's so fun to just talk to and eat < PROPFEMALE>'s with haha ! 
in n out is the best ! :) 
why is it < PROPFEMALE > cold in june ? :/ 
i'm so happy i got all my stuff done before tutoring . 
math and chem finals tommarrow , then no more school ! :) 
so much fun today chilling and swimming with Benish and < PROPFEMALE > and Harjot 
summer finally feels like its starting ! cannot wait til tommarrow , today was sooo much fun ! 
fun day with Harjot , swimming , watching the office and reading magazines :) 
hope the graduation is gonna be fun tommarrow . 
oh wow my sister is starting to walk and my mom hasn't even picked me up yet ! 
today was sooo much fun , congrats to class of 2010 again :) 
dance practice went well :) everyones gonna love it ! 
ice water , YUM :) 
i haven't read this much in a day in years , today was a fun day with my grandpa ! 
soooo bored ! 
wow it took 3 hours for my mom to wake me up today . finally going shopping after such along time ! 
haha everytime i logg in i'm either poked my < PROPFEMALE > , beans , or my sister . 
determind to finally wake up early tommarrow :) 
well plans to wake up early failed 
went for a nice walk on the trail and now watching the sunset :) 
I seriously hate when my guitar is < PROPFEMALE > out of tune . 
Wii is < PROPFEMALE > much fun , gonna buy one < PROPFEMALE > n ! Had fun at dance practice today . :) 
I love gettin my nails done , until a nail gets messed up . 
I miss watching TRL everyday haha 
castles made of sand .. 
I can't sleep because there is a mosquito in my room :/ 
good night . 
TIRED ! ready to go swimming with Saman tommarrow , now I gotta go learn that song on my guitar for her lol ! 
had lots of fun with < PROPFIRST > today , now it's time to dance :) 
only I can manage to get a sunburn right before a wedding , and on my face , but all and all dancing and getting mhendi done was < PROPFEMALE > much fun , can't wait to see Aryan and Neel tommarrow :) 
and lol happy birthday to my dad ! :) 
today was wayyy too much fun , absolutley cannot wait til tommarrow and the dancing :) 
i am super happy i am finally laying in bed after this night , just some highlights of today , dancing , babies , pictures , taco < PROPFEMALE > , games , parrallel parking , mostly < PROPFEMALE > much fun with everyone . 
< PROPFIRST > and the revenge of the malthazar , awesome movie to wath when your bored :) 
i've started to be awake during the night and sleep during the day , not good , lol ! 
I hate bugs ! there everywhere ! 
car trunks are actually really comfortable . 
< PROPFEMALE > is such a pretty color . 
today I sliced my thumb with lychee owww , and tommarrow I plan to finally clean my room . and hopefully watch eclipse 
my hair really grew out ! 
< PROPFIRST > Lautner is such a cuteyy ! and twilight was alright . 
I love the movie I hate luv stories ! my eyes are killing me for sitting so close to the screen . and it was awesome to eat jaya didi's enchiladas again :) 
I really need something to do , I'm so boored ! 
I can't wait to see fireworks tommarrow :) 
I'm surprised I actually woke up , can't wait to go to SF :) 
how to train your dragon , is so cute ! 
haha I heard wierd noises in the kitchen and I asked my sister \what is our grandma doing\ " she said \ " killing a duck for our dinner hahha . " 
I really want to learn French it sounds cool :) 
Watching paranormal activity , freaking outt !! 
Do nothing day :) 
FINALLY , finally found my phone after like 3 weeks haha ! 
EXHAUSTED , went for a hike , ate fresh choice , and crashed for an hour .. feet = soreee . 
Waking up and going swimming is awesome :) 
Yogurtland is delicious ! 
Chilling with < PROPFEMALE > I cant believe we walked so far and realized we could have taken the bus and saved alot of time ! 
why is it < PROPFEMALE > hot ?! 
Jamba Juice always makes my day ! Especially when I wake up late for a day with the cousins . 
internet on the wii is < PROPFEMALE > cool ! 
Today's my 3rd time watching eclipse , haha wow . 
I saw a racoon for the first time today and then saw 2 more ! I love the smell in < PROPMALE > , like trees :) 
Our new fridge is awesome :) 
Lets just say homemade 3D glasses dont work , but homemade ice cream sundaes are delicious :) 
I hate how my fingers still hurt after playing guitar for so long . 
So much fun hiking today :) 
Drinking ice water with minty gum :) 
Today was fun , discovered places in milpitas i never saw before . And i seriously can never eat chipotle again !! 
Pb&j , chocolate milk , vampire diaries , with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Krishnan is awesomeee !!! :D 
today was a lot of fun :) 
vampire diaries <3 
Excited for today :) 
Had < PROPFEMALE > much fun in SF , having a picnic , and playing soccer on the beach with < PROPFEMALE > gate bridge , Alcatraz , and the Whole city in view . & happy bday to dilip bhaiya :) 
I just had the best nachos ever from a little shop in San Fransisco :) 
Wow I can't believe I just trusted my sister to cut my bangs , but she did a good job :) 
mcdonalds frappe is delicious . 
I HATE BEING SICK :/ 
i've never seen a movie more ridiculous than splice , especially when you skip through the movie haha . 
My hair is starting to look wavy instead of curly these days wierd ! 
fun day :) 
IT crowd is hilarioussssssssss ! 
Awesome day , I'm glad we finally finished packing . Good night :) 
Dilip Goswami Thank You SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much for lending me your guitar !!, it's great :) 
Haha vaccum almost caught on fire today !! 
Off to SF again :) 
Registration tommorrow , reminds me school is starting :/ 
my schedule is awesome :) 
Salt was a good movie , they better make a 2nd one . 
i bought a pink lamp , it's awesome (: 
had fuun with < PROPFEMALE > Augusto ! at the carnival , even though i bruised my shoulder . 
unbearable heat !! & happy raksha bandhan . :) 
i hate when there's a song stuck in your head but you don't remember who sang it , or in my case the lyrics either haha . 
Alum Rock Park is awesome :) School tommarrow ! 
Classes are alright . I can't believe Mr. Keller is gone . Feels weird to be back at school . 
The real housewives of new jersey was crazy tonight . Good night :) 
School , dentist appointment , then begin online classes . I'm already tired :/ 
I can't believe my wisdom tooth is really grown , I have to remove it in the next few weeks . Hurts so bad :/ 
Longest Wednesday ever ! 
Wow I have a flip flop and a sandal tan on my foot lol . 
go to google today , the sign looks awesome ! haha . 
My sister just called the number from kiss me thru the phone , and it actually went to soulja boys phone number hahahah !! 
i finally learned how to make those bracelets with the strings . :) 
Vampire diaries was awesome tonight ! 
this week went by fast , it's the weekend ! 
i love harjot bath and < PROPFEMALE > augusto ! had so much fun with them today :) 
I love Wednesdays ! 
The Office marathon :) 
Today was a fun day , cant wait for vampire diaries tonight !! 
Can't wait for the foot ball game , today was a fun friday ! :) 
We won :) it was an awesome day ! 
Sitting in the freezing cold at the lake lol . 
Too much homework ! 
i love spinich , it's so delicoious :) 
vampire diaries was crazyyy tonight ! 
I have an awesome new phone ! :) 
Lol I love the office !! 
Fun weekend with the family ! Happy birthday again to Prachi Awasthi and Rinky Chopra ! 
this weather is horrible , the fan is on but i'm still hot !! 
the family feud application is so fun lol . :) 
cool i just drove for the first time !! but it was boring haha . 
jeepers creepers was wayyy too scary !! going to sleep :) 
wow i just learned a lot about vanilla beans :) and got < PROPFEMALE > Augusto and Axanti < PROPFIRST > addicted to lost ! 
hahahhaa me axanti drank too much coffee , and then computer went blank , started talking , and we threw our pillows at it :) 
wow me and axanti are still awake , but its raining YAY !! 
i have sparkly blue nails haha . :) 
COLD ! :) cant wait for the rain ! 
Can't wait for the next episode of gossip girl !! 
I HATE MUSHROOMS !! EW !! 
Hahha @grishakapil \bet you can't do that\ " haha . Now it rains ! " 
i hate waking up from naps , after you didn't expect to take one , and remember you have homework :/ 
i love this rain ! :) 
almost vampire diaries time ! lol :) 
can't wait for the game :) 
Today was a good day , go Trojans ! :) 
hahha .. SNL :) & wow , yesterday i purchased my ticket at the football game , found out i got in for free got mad , and then today i realized i could get in free the next one :)) 
cool i just realized it's 10/10/10 !! and good night . 
wow fun weekend !!!, and great performance by Jaya Goswami and Sayali Shetye Goswami i really enjoyed it and your teacher was amazing :) 
lol i love my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Augusto can't wait to watch LOST tommorrow . 
I hate mornings :/ 
Wow , I just wasted my time today , now I gotta do lots of homework . 
i can't believe the tv did that to me and < PROPFEMALE > lol , the one time she came over to watch vampire diaries , it wasn't even on !! today was fun :) 
Finally I saw Benish after 4 months !! Today was awesome :) 
Yay it's raining . 
This week is going by reallyyy slow :/ 
Even though we lost today , GO TROJANS ! :) got me a free foam finger , woo . lol . 
finally gonna go buy headphones :) haha . 
just finished my history report in 20 minutes lol :) 
Naptime ! 
Green apples , and gossip girl . (: 
it's thursday !! lol . 
Today was muchoo fun , got scared in 5th and 6th period . Can't wait to watch vampire diaries with best friend tomorrow , then it's halloweeeeeeeen ! :) 
My grandma is watching hum apke < PROPMALE > khon . And it reminded me how much I watched that movie when I was little I still know all the lines haha ! 
Fun night , Paranormal Activity 2 wasn't as scary as the first one but it still was . Gonna go to sleep and hopefully I won't be sick in the morning ! Night . 
Had fun at Sydnie's Birthday ! & caught up with Harjoth :) 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! 
Halloween was pretty fun , got lots of < PROPFEMALE > . But I'm still sick , it sucks :/ 
Green tea is super delicious . 
Been sitting in bed for 30 < PROPFEMALE > and I still don't wanna get up . 
Watching the giants parade on tv and everyone boo'd The governator . 
Idk what to do for Mr. Masuda essay .. so I give up lol . 
now i have bruised knees from mcdonald's play place ! they should put cushions in there LOL . :) Now i've gotta do homework :/ and then school tomorrow , we should have the rest of the week off ! 
my grandpa's hilarious :) time to eat corn on the cob and wait for best friend to do her homework so we can watch vampire diaries ! cuzz it's THURSDAY ! LOL . 
HAPPY DIWALI , to all my fellow indians :) 
Today was a lot of fun , go trojans ! we won , lol . & had fun with the cousins , burned myself with sparklers but it was okayy good night ! 
i love the rain !! 
8 pages of song to download with < PROPFEMALE > , lol . 
I love when you can't stop listening to a song on repeat for days 
yay no school tomorrow :) 
haha the office <3 .. man i wish i didn't have school tomorrow ! 
Wow , I finished all my community service :) 
I'm postponing starting my homework :/ 
Lol I love watching IRT deadliest roads , especially because my dad is like , yeah i've driven there . 
< PROPFEMALE > Augusto and I had an awesome day , had a trip down memory < PROPFIRST > about science camp , haha including her little sister who claims to have been there :)) And it was all funn . Love my best friend !! 
In the theater bout to watch < PROPMALE > POTTER , doing homework , lol :) 
I went all day with two hours of sleep , I have no idea how I did it , but good night !! Haha ! 
Had way to much fun with the cousins :) haha . 
Time to study for two tests and start on lab reports ! 
Awesome day :) Found a dollar on the ground and chilled with best friend < PROPFEMALE > Augusto all day ! We can do nothing and still be doing something haha . < PROPMALE > Stickers ! :D 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Home alone all day , super bored !! 
Can't stop listening to Shut it down-Drake 
I got a new haircut looks good :) 
Can't wait for tomorrow :) It's gonna be a good day . Haha . 
12-2 = 10 :) thanks everyone for the birthday wishes , and it was funny how my balloons flew away after school lol ! 
Thanks again to everyone , I had a really good day !! 
I'm gonna do the cartoon thing , for those of you who have seen my binder don't be surprised for who im gonna pick haha !! 
Yay , officially booked tickets for india :) 
I love you cousins !!! This was by far the best surprise I've ever had , taking me to my favorite place in the world , SF . & eating ice cream at midnight haha !! Thank you <3 
Harjot Bath HAPPY BIRTHDAYYYYY BEST FRIEND !! your finally 16 , were the same age again , well i miss you and i hope you have an awesome day <3 
Today was suchhhhhhhhh a busy day , haha first per was awesome . but Grisha Kapil happy bday again sisteeeeeeeer !! & fun time with family :) 
Tireed but can't sleep , so I'm gonna watch despicable me :)) 
it's raining like craaazy !!! i love it :) 
1 more day to < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
I'm in < PROPFIRST > kong < PROPFEMALE > ! 15 hour flight are horrrrrible ! 
Walking around < PROPFIRST > kong airport , bored . 3 hours until we can do anything & then 3 more hours to flght . Then 3 more hours til < PROPFEMALE > haha ! 
Finallyy in < PROPFEMALE > :) It's great to see family !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Cause were a day ahead :) 
Really , really good night , ate ice cream & visited < PROPFEMALE > gate but couldn't find it in the fog Hahah . <3 
Its freeeeezing in < PROPFEMALE > . Don't feel like getting outta bed lol . 
Aw little stray puppies untied my shoelace & today was a great experience in new places I haven't seen in Delhi :) 
What a wonderful day , haha . Now just got home at 12 , drinking tea . 2 more days to shimla ! 
Just saw three dogs gang up on another dog sooo sad , I hate seeing all these stray dogs hurt in < PROPFEMALE > . 
HAPPY NEW YEARS !!!!! So much fun with little cousins , threw little chakri's/fire things into the sky :) well 5 more hours while not sleeping and then it's off to shimla !! Woo ! 
Back in Delhi , had sooo much fun ! 
Theres a solar eclipse today & it's visible here :) 
haha , everyone's at school , i'm about to sleeep (: 
Going to a village tomorrow morning , and just met my moms old school friends lol . Good night :) 
Just ate sugarcane , yuuum :) I'm bringing a whole bunch back home LOL . 
Can't wait to be home !! In < PROPFIRST > kong airport ... Again . Lol . 
such a boring day ,... 
haha had so much fun with < PROPFEMALE > Augusto today , love you best friend ! 
the weather is awesome right now , it reminds me of summer :) 
Harjot Bath just surprised me after not seeing her after months :) 
Busy , busy day !! But got to see the family that was great . 
It was an awesome night with Harjot Bath at her surprise birthday :) 
i had a blast today ! :) 
man , i hate this weather , can't wait for it to be < PROPFEMALE > again ! 
It's freeeeezing !! But no school for a week ! Yay :) 
what a crazzzzzzzy day . lol . 
i probably have to get my wisdom tooth out\ 
in the next few weeks :/ ouccccch . 
So not looking forward to school today . 
I love sleeping in on Saturdays :) 
Fridaay morning :) 
Listening to music , GoodNight <3 :) 
i love oranges ! best fruit ever (: 
So glad to finally be home after suchhhh a long day !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Augusto & I eat cereal outta cups not bowls :) \ 
& she likes to sit on doritooooos lol !!! 
Wooo !! Way to go Juniors , We Won :) Had a fun time at T.O. 
< PROPFEMALE > Pitts did awesome at the school play (: 
I'm so glad it finally < PROPFEMALE > ! Its been a nice Monday :) 
What a longgggggggg day ! Glad to finally sleep . 
Yummm , Mexican Hot Chocolate before bed . (: 
The dentist numbed my mouth , this sucks !! :/ 
Man it's hot ! & I love it . Today was such a greaaat day !! :) 
Had fun time with the family tonight :) Night ! 
