< PROPFIRST > is not worthy of the pie dish . 

Please tell me other areas of the district are getting better snow than mine ... 
That theft of < PROPMALE>'s milk at lunch was amazing . Simply glorious . < PROPMALE > Mancini 
I completely forget if any of my classes had any homework . Just in case . Don't know if I have anything to do for Galambos or Reichley . 
woohoo , Snow Day for OJR ! 
ANOTHER SNOW DAY !!! WHOO . Just checked the website ! 
I say everyone that has no idea what to do for Galambos ' anthem band together to form a single group . 
is excited that the Exton Mall is replacing the McDonalds in its food court with FIVE GUYS !!! Huzzah ! 
thinking about what HW I have to do ... can't remember if there was anything for AP History , nothing for Galambos , those sheets for Reichley , maybe some work on the Pro Caelio , nothing for Durn , and ... dang it I've got < PROPMALE > HW too . 
As Brien said on HeartGold : SoulSilver , whoo 
AP Vocab DONE ! SoulSilver time starts NOW ! 
GAAAH ! What the HECK Gamefreak ? You changed the Game Corner between Japanese and US versions ! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH ! I don't wanna be playin MINESWEEPER for money , I wanna be playing the really easy SLOTS !!! 
So , HW to do today ... Mini-Essays for AP History ? Is it due tomorrow ? Yes/no ? Anything for Galambos ? Presentation for Reichley and I may or may not do that Math HW 
http://www.neoseeker.com/news/13412-nintendo-announces-ds-successor-the-nintendo-3ds/ What the heck is this ? Another Gimmick , Ninty ? Really ? Not cool . 
Finished the Notecards for Galambos , working on the Presidents for AP History , LOST my study guide for Killjoy . 
is pissed because the \noodletools\ " thing DOESN'T WORK . " 
This DBQ is really trying to get us to argue that < PROPMALE>'s efforts didn't work ... 
Freakin Lab Report ... I barely remember the lab at all . 
Hmm , should I put Woodstock in the list of \things that happened during Nixon's presidency ? \"" 
how long is G's outline supposed to be ? 3-4 pages , right ? 
AP US History is officially over 
Dang it , the 5th gen starter pokemon look like shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit . Why Gamefreak , why must you dash our hopes !? 
And now everyone near the top of the alphabet that has G right now is cursing their heritage . Including me . 
Alright Body Paragraph #2 .... whoo .... I hate this . 
Oh dang it . The starters for Pokemon Black and White look terrible all around . 
where are people finding their schedules for next year ? 
Free Portal on STEAM ! WHOO ! This is AWESOME . 
is finally switching off Internet Explorer to Firefox . Sick of the crashing . 
Is getting the same unexplained freaking problems from Firefox as he got from IE . 
Is preparing for debates in AP History . That's right , I'VE GOT RESEARCH THIS TIME ! 
got his first Flyers gear . Watch them lose the whole thing before I can even wear it . 
I really wish I remember what I had for homework this weekend . 
any1 else lose power ? 
survived the SATII Subject Tests 
< PROPFIRST > Galaxy 2 is WAY better than < PROPFIRST > Galaxy 1 . 
Geez , Microsoft is getting absolutely annihilated this E3 
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH 
did a gigantic freakin storm just sneak up on any1 else ? 
so ... when is the power coming back ? 
six freakin hours without power and counting ... 
damn it , power is STILL out ... 
YES ! The Power is finally BACK ! 
God Damn It . Power is out AGAIN . 
Heck Yes , they're making an HD Remake Collection for the Team Ico games on the PS3 . As soon as I have a PS3 and it comes out : so getting it . Ico and SOTC remade for PS3 = awesome . 
is effing miserable in Pittsburgh . And I don't get back until Monday ... 
Whoo , back from Pittsburgh . \ 
\ 
Also I feel bad that I don't know who it was that sent me a Happy Fourth of July text since I have virtually no one's < PROPFIRST > . 
5 on the AP US History exam , just found out today 
just got back from Phils game in the PECO box ! 
has to stay home instead of working today due to sick cat . 
Finished one Summer Assignment book , and almost through The Odyssey FOR THE FOURTH TIME ... 
leaves for < PROPMALE > on Sunday 
Leaves for < PROPMALE > tomorrow morning 
is really pissed off because the ipod charger I brought on this vacation wont work for my relatively new ipod . I still have 6 more hours of driving to go ... 
is officially in < PROPMALE > . 
here in < PROPMALE > , chillin in my hotel room . \ 
Would go 2 gym , but it's freakin raining & I don't feel like walking thru that . 
Is finally done w/ parks 4 today ... 
Hating life in line 4 the stupid < PROPMALE > Potter shit . 
MB's RollerCoaster checklist for this trip :\ 
[ x]RocknRollerCoaster\ 
[ x]The Incredible Hulk\ 
[ x]The Coaster formerly known as Dueling Dragons\ 
The Kraken\ 
The Manta\ 
Rip Ride Rockit\ 
( will update in comments ) 
Curse you , waterparks . Sunburned again !!! 
Whoever designed the Manta rollercoaster at Seaworld is either a visionary or a fuckin lunatic . 
Just rode the Rockit . Fuckin amazing . 
just ate at Bubba Gump Shrimp co . 
Woohoo , back home finally 
Back from the last vacation of Summer ... \ 
Now to work on those summer assignments ... 
Do you have to give an actual numerical score or something for the book review for AP US Gov ? 
finally ... finished ... AP US Gov assignment ... \ 
now for the limitless fun of the AP Calc packet ... 
Is feeling half-decent about his AP English essay so far . 
just discovered that the longest period of the day is Period 1 ... which just so happens to be Chem with Garman . FML 
1211 words for AP English essay so far ... 
So ... who's in Lunch C other than Chorus people ? 
finally ... done ... AP English essay and AP Gov stuff . Only got about half the math packet , most of which we haven't even learned . Yippee . 
oh my god I just figured out number 3 on the AP Calc packet 
Latin IV : officially the most awesome class in existence . 
Just played Extreme Tugboating for the first time in months/years 
What the F is Hofstadter doing in the C . Wright Mills reading ?! This is an outrage !!! 
pitiful 72 was pitiful 
Do we honestly have to list every single one of the 27 grievances for AP Gov ? 
93 on the Garman quiz . It would be awesome if I knew WHICH ONE I GOT WRONG ... 
Wait ... is the Garman \demo lab\ " on Monday or Tuesday ? " 
is apparently insane due to only having 2 pairs of jeans and never wearing them ... right ... 
ok , just checked the Quia . Lab Questions for Candle thing in Garman's class are due Tuesday , Lab Report on Friday . 
Health Collage is boring and impossible to focus on ... 
OJR winning at Academic Team ? What !? 
argh I did crappy on the Garman quiz 
whoo , 100% on the Garman Quiz today . 
should really get started on that < PROPMALE > essay ... 
Completely BS'd the 3rd conclusion question of the Lab Report . \ 
I don't feel like searching the dark corners of the internet for this info , and none of the basic sites have the reason . 
fml , just remembered the Latin translation I have to do ... 
finally checked my Garman Test , lol . Got a 93 . Only missed two of the five questions I guessed on , apparently . 
Oh come on ! First a test for Shervais on my birthday , now there's a Garman Quiz !? 
Really , really hates Activity Bus 38 
Dontcha love how any time we have 2x longer a weekend , teachers feel that they need to give us 5x more homework ? 
< PROPFIRST > Rude . Playing Rock Band 2 . Singing Judas Priest . lmao . 
are we only doing Evens from the book for Garman ? 
Garman Book Work : Really , really easy 
so hard to motivate to write the essay for Wallace ... philosophy of life paper is gonna suuuuuuuuuck .... 
nothing like Bretz's Philosophy of Life paper to remind me of how self-deprecating I am . 
which of the sections of the Philosophy of Life paper do we actually have to do for Bretz ? 
still working on Philosophy of Life . Nothing like a little self-realization to depress the hell out of you at 1 am . 
Today . Just ... today . fml . 
100% on the stupidly easy Garman Quiz 
just got home from the worst bus ride ever . 
what are the parts of the Gov presentation thing again ? Platform , Formation , Symbols , Founders and important figures , whether it's still alive , accomplishments ... anything else ? 
. 05% away from straight As this quarter . Thanks AP English . Thanks a lot . 
completely forgot how to find the density of water at a given temperature that is a decimal for that lab report . Oh joy . 
it really can be so hard to kill 12 hours ... boooooooooooooooooored 
oh no ... I can \like\ " TvTropes articles now ... this will not end well ... " 
this is proving to be a most boring break . 
Anyone willing to organize a group to go see < PROPMALE > Python and the Holy Grail on Saturday in Phoenixville ? I know that if I try to , no one would attend , but someone really , really should . 
doing homework : not fun . at all . 
Shervais homework is annoying ... 
Fml , I'm stuck @ school for the next hour and the soda machine ate my quarters . 
I very nearly forgot about the existence of Garman's online quiz today . 
working on the second lab report due this week 
nothing like working on Bretz project on the last day after procrastinating to an astounding degree for weeks beforehand ! \ 
Damn you Tanks ! You screwed < PROPFIRST > and I over ! 
has finally learned to tie a tie from Youtube . 
Academic Team is just not the same without Garrett ... \ 
:( 
Serebii's Pokemon Advent Calendar puzzles are making me very sad . \ 
CURSE YOU AND YOUR INSANELY OBSCURE CROSSWORD PUZZLE QUESTIONS . 
you know Snake hates you when the food appears in the corner ... 
finally starting on < PROPMALE>'s essay 
Argh , < PROPMALE > Take Home Test !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is almost positive he completely bombed < PROPMALE>'s test . 
I never had an appreciation for pure tedious bullshit until now . The Cursed Shield in Final Fantasy < PROPFEMALE > can go die . 
Om Nom Nomlettes , Earth : The Book , < PROPMALE > Python , and Apples to Apples . \ 
Today is a good day . 
what's this ? Almost one-hundred-percent < PROPMALE > of snow , 4-6 inches tomorrow ? Hmm ... 
not a freaking inch of snow yet ... 
off for a short bout of Parallel Parking Practice . 
holy crap , March 6th release for Black/White ? \ 
Thank you , Nintendo . THANK YOU . 
Takes his first < PROPFEMALE > driver's license exam today ... 
Yay I passed ! Whoo ! \ 
This is probably the most enthusiastically happy I've been in years ... 
Fml I'm stuck @ school until the 5:00 bus ... 
Thank you , new Superintendent . I really appreciated you finally calling in the delay just after I got out of the shower . It's not like I wanted those 2 hours of sleep . 
wait ... how the hell are we supposed to actually DO Garman's Worksheet ? \ 
Saved as a nonexistent file-type much ? 
already hates this worksheet for Garman 
what'd other people find for #9 on Garman's freaking wkst ? I can't find what he's asking for in the first part . It's not on his powerpoint or Wikipedia . 
why don't they call the freaking snow day already !? 
anyone know how to get into < PROPFIRST > outside of school ? 
Why is this NHS essay so freaking hard to write !? 
I feel horrible writing a paper this astoundingly smug-sounding ... 
Zodiac shit didn't change at all . There's two different Western Zodiacs . People need to chill . 
are we actually supposed to be using quotes in our < PROPMALE > essays , or just putting citations after ideas we got from sources ? 
\Andrew < PROPMALE > began his career by doing the only thing he could do in North Carolina : getting out of North Carolina \"" 
Finished < PROPMALE > Project , now to do at least 21 notecards for Shervais and write an outline ... dammit . 
15 cards to go ... 
10 more to go ... 
5 cards to go 
FUCK YES . 35 NOTECARDS . FINALLY . 
Thank you 2 hour delay . Now I can be at peace after I finish this FREAKING outline , instead of furiously studying for Calculus and US Gov while doing Garman's Half-Life worksheet . 
I really hope that Shervais doesn't expect us to e-mail the outline to her if we get off tomorrow . 
Anyone else's outlines from Noodletools look freaking terrible ? 
I don't think it's possible to write my essay entirely in one tense . It just isn't possible ... 
oh come on Youtube , another crappy update ? There's a reason I went back to the old homepage after testing out the new piece of shit . Now you're forcing it on me . Fuck you . 
Murphy's Law : Anything that Can go wrong , Will go wrong . \ 
O'Toole's Corollary : Murphy was an optimist . \ 
lol . 
has developed an incredible appreciation for coffee . 
whoo , 100 on the half-life quiz 
already sick of working on Term Paper ... 
freaking tropes you've screwed my homework-doing efforts yet again !! 
term papers can go straight to hell 
3 out of 7 paragraphs I need to do today done ... whoo ... 
gotten through 5 paragraphs of term paper today ... 
damn it , there's no way we're getting outta school on Tuesday . eff this term paper . 
oh my god , finally just have the conclusion of this Term Paper to write . 
The foot and a half of snow piled outside of my house says we have no business going to school tomorrow ... 
don't know whether I should quit now and bet on a snow day or just get Rough Draft #2 done just in case ... 
fucking .... hate .... shoveling .... 
Hope Shervais is ready to deal with 12 solid pages of Term Paper 
I freaking hate outlines . Especially now that I have to edit one I've already done to be \perfect \"." 
I don't know how , but somehow 100s on both of those Garman quizzes from Friday and a homework assignment given full credit for moved my grade less than 1% . 
Anybody remember what we needed for the title < PROPFEMALE > of the Term Paper ? 
discovered today that Cedar Point , < PROPMALE>'s Island , Dorney , and < PROPMALE>'s Dominion are all owned by the same company . mind = blown . 
