thanks everyone for the birthday wishes 

at all-star .... MNF 
mellowin ' out , watchin entourage and goin to bed . 
little sis is home .... sweet . 
First of all ... GO GREEN ! Secondly , who wants to see a movie later ? 
nice win green and white .. 9-0 big ten 
econ n acct tests < PROPMALE > . a beer or two might get drunk-post tests . 
MSU v Purdue .... ill be there . go green ! 
snowin ' like a mutha out ... jammin to some tunes n gettin stuff ' round the house done . 
cmu this wknd ... come out n play everyone . 
Almost game time . Eating dinner then hopefully enjoying a sparty win over the aggies . Could be our year ... 
my spartys pulled it off ... F-you Northern Iowa and farukmenush 
gym then class later , then hmwk . hooahh Go Green 
First day back at work ... it felt great . maxin out the rest of the night . 
Who wants to go to Vegas ? I think i may have an extra plane ticket . 
EVERYONE DOUTED BUT MY OYS DID IT .!!! go green ... i love it/ 
Back to Back Final Fours . Back to Back Finals ?!? Here we come Indy . 
i am sitting in acct class and it sucks . atleast i brought the computer today so i can screw around while i learn about bonds and stocks . have a great day everyone . 
My boys are greeaat like frosted flakes-MSU Basketball 
Boomshockalacka ... gonna be a great day ! 
everyone going tocole's house remember to wear white . whiteout party < PROPMALE > for msu game . 
go green 
Worst weekend ever . Life is hard . 
woke up extra early , and class is cancelled . oh well I guess . 
applied to graduate . one more semester . 
I swear to god I can't stand acct . 
UofM spring football game this sat . admission is free . anyone wanna go ? April 24 MSU spring game . Def goin to that one . 
tax day . let's hope this year's money does not get wasted on big government . though I have little faith . 
working , right now , red wings game later 
happy holidays everyone . 
msu football spring game sat . anyone wanna go ? 
sitting at work ... bored ... doing hmwk ... hoping these f*cks get done golfing soon so i can go home . but the old ladies tipped good , so i got that goin for me . haha 
not racist , not violent , just no longer silent 
let's go wings 
anyone wanna go to the mall on this crappy day ? 
let's do it again wings . 
nhl 10 at douces 
goin to douces hockey game . 
just saw a squirrel and a blackbird fighting . .. pretty funny . 
casino sat . anyone wanna go ? 
beat COD MW2 last night . 
nice weather but sweaty sleeps . 
Vegas Fri , couldn't come at a better time . 
just over 24 hours and ill be drinkin strawberry margaritas in 100 deg . weather poolside 
on the way to the hotel ... 84deg and its not even 9 yet . 
< PROPMALE > will be married in less than half hour . 
soon I will be homeward bound 
I can't believe izzo might be going . a sad day to be a spartan . 
He's staying .... no matter how the rest of my day went .... he is staying . go green 
goin on the boat < PROPMALE > . it will be fun . 
feel like shit-got class in morning , then boat all day , then < PROPMALE>'s electrical playoff game 
feel like shit-got class in morning , then boat all day , then < PROPMALE>'s electrical playoff game-so its bed time 
loooooong weekend just ended ... hopefully for awhile . 
gotta get thru , everything will be ok ... i hope . 
hopes everyone has great weekend . Almost August . 
I'm so bored . who wants to come chill ? 
u think if I paint my car camouflage I won't get pulled over ? 
36 holes of golf today ... yeehaw 
Even though it will be tough , I think i'll relax until school starts ... w/ everything . 
kind of gettin tired of the house . but work is keeping me busy . school can't come soon enough . have an awesome week everybody 
me : is he drunk or something ? \ 
guy : i think hes just happy , man . \ 
\ 
haha douce is always drunk on life . 
\its the one that says bad mother f*çker . \"" 
best quote ive heard this week : \it doesn't stink but i put out a lot . \ " haha " 
annnd boom goes the dynamite . 
hittin golf balls $7 , buying new clothes $400 , spending time w my dad priceless 
important morning , then watchin the bean sprout all day . 
today is a good day 
best birthday present ever ! FREEDOM 
seriously , who wants to give me a hair cut ? 
thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone . your the best . 
Went into verizon for second consecutive day to try n fix my blackberry ... left w a droid . Pretty happy so far 
Draft day awaits ... t minus 14.5 hours 
last week before school starts and summer is over . is it bad that i am ready ? 
Boat anyone ? 
Tomorrow is the first day for msu football to starts its dominance this season . I am stoooked . Go green ! 
Bed , then up early for a meeting then relaxin til kickoff , then work-boo . 
Game day ... enough said 
Bed , meeting , church , groceries , work . Next week ill be watching NFL BABY ! 
first day of class < PROPMALE > . 
Day one in the books ... 
Called off of work today . Studying and running then tattoo shop :) 
I have to admit , denard does look good . However he's hurt again . He wont last all year in the big ten . Also , msu looked GREAT today . Go green ! 
All smiles 
it's not a mustache .... it's a time machine . 
Msu v notre dame sat at 7 . Watchin it at my house whoever wants to rock out . 
Government will always do the right thing ..... but first it must exhaust all other possibilities . Churchill 
Cartoons w < PROPFEMALE > and Im hangin w babe later . Great day 
2 hours til gaaaaame baby !!. Go green . 
Lifestyle changes are difficult , exhausting , and slow . But I wouldn't have it any other way . 
< PROPFIRST > white scores his first nfl td . Nice work boss . 
Huge game in two days ... let's see some msu support . 
Everyday im hustlin ' . Hustle real hard 
GO GREEN ! Make or break game boys . 
My boys did it , and we looked gooooood too . Im also happy uofm could squeak past lowly indiana so that were both undefeafeted going into next week . Its gonna be fun giving michigan its first loss . 
Big day < PROPMALE > . I hope everything goes as planned . 
Time to move on and move up . Thank God for my luck . 
how many batteries does it take to beat michigan in football ? 1-AA 
T-minus 5 and a half hours til game time . I don't think I have to describe the importance of today . Go green . 
Let the game begin ... 
School , hmwk , meeting , school , workout , school , then friday 
I started high with two Os like OhiO . 
7-0 . First time since 1966 . Nice work boys . 
Need 3 golfers < PROPMALE > . Playin preserve at 2 o'clock . 25 bones for 18 . Lemme know asap 
Northwestern , then possible < PROPFEMALE > bowl decider . 
First day at resource genesee .... 
Shittiest day I've had in awhile . 
go right through for msu , watch the points keep growing .... 
Tryin to get a football game together sunday . Lemme know who wants to play . 
Just bombed my calc test . The wheels r falling off .. 
First of all ... go green . Second of all , everybody better vote tuesday . 
SPARTANS ! WHAT IS YOUR PROFESSION ? 
Game time . Go green 
Anyone wanna play football today ? 
Everybody must vote tommorrow . Do it ! 
Let's go snyder and kupiec . Let's make it a good day . 
Its 12:36 am , im on question 3 on my calculus quiz and I've been at it for an hour . Yeehaw ! 
She moves her body like a cyclone , and she makes me wanna do it all night long . 
Im in love w a stripper , she poppin she rollin , she rollin . She climbin that pole n 
< PROPFIRST > vick is silly good 
Second game of the year for my spartans . Our new seats r solid too . Go green 
Go green ! 
The guts of a cat burglar 
Im bored .... waiting for sunday night football to start . Go vick . 
Mmmmm italia gardens and now msu basketball . 
F-in spartans . F-in < PROPMALE > . How can u be pre-big ten player of the year and not wanna take the last shot to tie the game ? 
My moms making me go w her shopping to < PROPFEMALE > her bags and tackle fellow bargain shoppers < PROPMALE > . at 4am . She owes me big time . 
Go green ..... and blue , today . 
Def . gained about 5 pounds over this holiday . 
Who wants to do something tonight ? 
My mom drank her first red bull w me then we went shopping .... maybe her last one haha 
so bored , i may go to bed ... or atleast watch the tube while i attempt to slumber . 
Are you allergic to cotton ?..... cause that's what my sheets r made of . 
Just caught my aunt listening to bone thugs n harmony-crossroads . 
Money talks -- we say hello . 
Never get caught baby , im mash potatoes smooth 
Study like crazy tonight and < PROPMALE > for my tests , then finals next week . I think I need a study < PROPMALE > ..... 
Lets go spartans . We need this win 
Can't sleep for the second night in a row . Any suggestions ? 
Think I wanna do something tonight 
At the movies w my dad , I think im the youngest prson here by 20 years . Is it senior day or something ? 
what is everybody's take on the Fed reacting to bubbles in the market ? 
couple of papers to turn in and then some studying . almost done maaane 
Spanish final , then dos mas el lunes 
Stuck in hallmark w my grandma ... I didn't realize how in-demand all this crap was . 
officially in the super bowl game . go pirates . 
< PROPMALE > ferguson is a funny man 
Pond hockey ... 
I think my life is Adventureland . 
Who wants to spend money at the mall w me ? 
What a melancholy day 
Michigan state basketball < PROPMALE > and football sat . Go green 
Life is too short to sweat the small stuff 
Excellent second half boys . That's the spartans I've been lookin for . 
the fighter = great movie 
I think I have the cutest niece there ever was . 
Great game spartans .... wow . 
just cleaned house ... so if u get this message , you made the cut . 
Hopes everyone is having a great day so far . 
Anyone need/want to go to staples , officemax , etc . And borders , barnes n < PROPMALE > ? 
Seriously , casino ??? MLK day equals no school < PROPMALE > . 
F*ck facebook ... in the face . 
Does anyone wanna do something tonight ? 
I hate being sick 
One hour til state of the state ... are you watching ? 
I've been dreamin about golf for the last two days ..... can't wait for warmer months 
Feels like doing something mellow tonight 
Red Bull pond hockey tournament < PROPMALE > . at T-bonez . Be there or be square 
Im hungry 
Pawn stars is distracting me from homework 
What the french , toast ?! 
... and it begins . On my way to tackle this storm . See you in 30 hours 
Sleep 
Lunch anyone ? 
Pandora is truly the whip 
Actually got a nice little saturday planned .... bed bath and beyond if there's time . 
gangsters and strippers 
Please pray for < PROPFIRST > o . 
Don't sweat the small stuff , love everyone , love life . Life is too short . 
Not that it will help ... but GO GREEN ! 
Im so hungry I might eat 
Bingo ! We have a winner 
Basketball at umflint rec center at 3 o'clock . 
No school < PROPMALE > . Uofmflint students 
Who wants to sled < PROPMALE > on our snow day ? 
I be on it all night , man , I be on it all day . Straight up pimp if u want me u can find me in da ... ahhhh ( im on it ) 
Let me know if you wanna play basketball wed . night at the UMFlint Rec . Center 
Liftin and chillin , sb has begun 
msu v purdue < PROPMALE > . its gonna be a whiteout . could be a huge win for us .. Go Green ! 
Anyone wanna hoop it up today ? 
Go green . 
I know its spring break , but who wants to hit the rec center this week for bball and lifting ? 
Workin out at home never is quite the same .... 
First skate , in the books 
Im bored ... 
Can't wait for summer and the boat plus golf 
My parents have some furniture they're giving away if aanyones interested . Couch , coffee table , etc . 
Day one ... 
Im in need of some inspiration to study for my test < PROPMALE > . 
