cant wait for tomorrow ! 

watching the land before time . 
bdayy (: finally 18 
Hacking is sketchy 
Here comes 2011 .. may it be a good year for us all . <3 
experiment gone right :) 
well that was funn . 
watching Taken 
i buy gucci , i buy prada , i spend dolla after dolla 
seven day weekend :D 
Spring break needs to hurry up ! 
Springg break ! :) 
going back home tomorrow :( 
i think i have a cactus fetish now .. haha they're so cute ! :) 
i just can't wait for the weekend 
watching the kids :) 
working tonight , actually sorta looking forward to it ! 
can't wait for tonight ! 
i can't get over the fact that i am in love with reese's peanut butter cups ! 
just a small town girl , living in a lonely world 
Today is 8 months without chewing gum ! :) 
i guess dropping my phone again did fix my phone ! :) 
i don't like construction season ! 
your close friend becomes your worst enemy . lollipops turn into cigarettes . soda becomes vodka . bikes becomes cars . race issues were about who ran the fastest . war was only a card game . and all we wanted to do ... was grow up ? 
This time baby I'll be bulletproof 
is watching Aladdin 
i laugh in the face of danger 
there's only so much you can do on the computer before you're super bored :/ 
watching < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I talk to absolutely no one . Couldn't keep to myself enough . And the things bottled inside have finally begun to create so much pressure that I'll soon blow up . 
just made some delicious chocolate chip cookies :) 
feels like its gonna be a busy week ahead of me 
is finally done with freshman year of college :) 
yayy for McDonalds strawberry shakes :) 
ready for the week to be over already . Too much to do it feels like . 
i just played pacman on the Google homepage .. 
amazing weather ! 
At the beach :) 
we kinda needed the rain with all this heat 
went tubing for the first time yesterday .. now i'm sore :( 
i love it when my burns turn into amazing tans ! :) 
90 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > !? Love it . Especially with the cousins :) 
Spent all day at Mall of < PROPFEMALE > with my cousins :) 
out and about todayy 
Valleyfair with the crew :) 
I’m stuck inside this rut that I fell into by mistake 
officially LOVE listening to the radio , i was on it and just won Saints tickets from 96.3 Now :) 
Step by step , heart to heart , left right left , we all fall down 
is at Lucys for her housewarming party , then going with < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
new hair , still debating if it's complete 
Working from 4-1am .. Here's to a long night ! 
Early birthday bbq tonight with the family :) 
Excited for what tomorrow has to bring :) 
I had a wonderful birthday ! 
I know they say the first love is the sweetest , but that first cut is the deepest 
Saints game tonight ! 
Just won T-pain tickets !!!!! 
T-pain tonight ! :) 
with the family tonight :) 
is in the parade todayy :) 
At the twins game :) 
Why must it be so cold out ? :( 
officially one year without chewing gum ! :D 
babysitting .. then off to the house to finish unpackingg ! 
I never thought playing Castle Crashers would be so addicting !! 
p.s. I hate satellite . 
ugh cleaned too long , then work . 
Won more tickets from the radio ! :) 
i wish people could win the lottery by calling a radio station ... cuz then i'd have a better advantage of winning , considering i've won 3 different times since August .. 
In < PROPFEMALE > visiting < PROPMALE > ! 
what a productive day .. not . 
pumpkin ice creaaam :D 
why dont headaches go away :( 
ooh how to make 100 dollars within a few hours :\\ 
finally get to spend time with the birthday boyy . 
Excited for tomorrow ! :) 
with the girls !! :) 
Girls night again !! :D 
i'm now addicted to my coke rewards .. so now if anyone has codes they dont use , feel free to send me the codes :) find them in coke 12pks bottles , mcdonalds prizes and such ! 
YAY I get to go to Trail of Terror for free :D 
Trail of Terror tonight ! <3 
this is just a bad day :( 
wow my phone decided to go back 2 hours .. 
happy , happy , happy :) 
Watching < PROPMALE > , drinking hot chocolate :) 
CMA Awards <3 
Very excited for tonight :D 
playing with my eyepet ! :) 
Can't survive a Thursday without Buffalo Wild Wings :) 
making breakfast with < PROPMALE > :) 
Watching Titanic :) 
day off ! i wanna do something !! 
Time for a Christmas tree ! 
hmm what to do with the next five hours of my day before working ? 
Redbull <3 
Tickets were legit .. won jingle ball tickets :D should I be surprised or is this now normal for me ? 
Netflix on a night like this is perfect :) 
Phone is off for the day .. if you gotta get a hold of me .. do it on here please 
Won again to jingle ball .. backstage passes to taio < PROPFIRST > !! 
watching Dexter ... time to catch up , only on season 2 . 
day off .. getting more Christmas shopping done :) 
Watching Avatar , eating pizza and relaxing at home with < PROPMALE > :) 
Bowling :) 
Heroes marathon all day with < PROPFIRST > :) 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Gudim and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
workk . 
i truely am done with the snow this season . 
i'm so excited for the next few days to come !! :) 
day off :) 
Going to bww and then a movie with < PROPMALE > <3 
ughh apartment searching is so difficult :( 
Dead Like Me- season 2 <3 
When will all this snow be gone ?! 
it's a great day for us to have off :] 
Onto free movie number 2 :) first : no strings attached . 2nd : the green hornet . 
pizza night with Joshhh :) 
Kid Cudi <3 
One year so far with < PROPFIRST > <3 hopefully many more to come :) 
I suppose my status will be about the superbowl too . 
Wayy excited to see all the girls today ! 
I hope this snow melts faster then it came 
About to watch I Am Number Four with < PROPFIRST > <3 
i finally get a day off and then get nothing to do :( 
Todays weather is the reason why I don't plan on staying in Minnesota 
packing all day .. moving day tomorrow :) 
Oohh what a night . relaxing finally today with a delicious breakfast that < PROPMALE > made , then working tonight . 
I neeeed more room in my place , I have too much stuff . 
Pool , then sauna .. ahhmazing :) 
< PROPMALE > pc game ? sounds good to me ! 
I don't know what i'd do without Netflix ! 
I'm actually happy to see rain and not snow ! 
Mega sore throat ... I just don't know what to do !! 
Tip number 1 : Don't substitute dishwasher soap with dishwasher hand soap .. it will cause a sudsy mess 
spaghetti for dinner .. yum ! 
Watching Love & Other Drugs with < PROPFIRST > because Netflix isn't working 
The Sims Medieval :) 
It's days like this I wish I had cable ! 
horray for now having plans tonight :) 
made some edible cookie dough from scratch :) 
Get to see the girls today !! 
Its a bad night when you lose one of two contacts .. and its your last pair .. glasses from six years ago don't work as well anymore 
gahh what to do todayy ? 
headache go away :( dumb glasses . 
I gotta practice my poker skills ! 
going to workout , then going swimming , then eating dinner with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Going on a real date tonight ! :) 
Going to the drive in !! 
Got a necklace from < PROPMALE > :) 
Yay for warm weather , hopefully going to the park when im off ! 
Plants vs Zombies is so addictive ! 
Cleaned my entire place , did dishes , made brownies and now relaxing watching netflix 
Fast Five <3 
went swimming , now hungry and tired & its only 10 
