i want to go home !! i miss everyone in AZ 

mom turned my phone off for no reason . that stupid 
baby sitting tonight . phone is still turned off . 
this summer just got a whole lot worse 
wwwwwwwwwwwwwoooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwww . school sucked today 
Is at school ............. with tetris < PROPMALE > ahahaahahaha 
school tomorrow ..... starting my homework ...... i \forgot\ " i had haha ..... hopefully tomorrow wont be weird . who knows . " 
have a headache but cant sleep wow tonight is going to be fun ...... NOT 
have a headeche AGAIN ................... not fun ajhahahaha 
is great haha 
has had a great weekend so far !! 
i have pep assembly A tomorrow . haha who is going to wear pink with me ?? lol today was a great day haha 
Tired as heck !! 
is sick .... cant sleep and going to show low this weekend .... wow ! haha 
Homecoming was fun !! 
is having a good week ! 
School on Wednesday ... that sucks 
Going to see Saw 6 tomorrow with the bestest friend Chels and a few other friends ! lol Halloween is Saturday i dont know what im doing yet ! tomorrow is Friday and cant wait hopefully its a good one ! 
Wow ... Today was okay . Babysit my cousin . 
Going to dads house tonight i guess 
TIRED AS HECK UGH I HATE FINALS 
Finals tomorrow and thursday then no more school plus there half days !! cant wait to get out of school ! 
Babysitting today ... other wise not doing anything .. might go < PROPFEMALE > out with e few people today ... Today is going to be a good one 
just got back fro the mall doing a sleepover at Chels ' house .. today was okay could of been better but it was good !! 
I just got home ..... going to eat something .... thenn going back to sleep ... last night was awesome ! 
HAPPY NEW YEARS !!!! And to all everyone in az I will say it again when it's the new years for you in 2 hours !!! :D 
Mind explaining to me how i should feel if i dont know how he feels ? 
School sucked ...... My friends are Amazing ...... I dont know what i would do without them .!! 
So ........... school is school and sucked ........... My friends are still amazing ...... Dance class isnt as fun but cant help to laugh .... 
< PROPMALE>'s party was fun !! :) 
Annoyed with people that dont know how to pay attention , and if i fail because of these people im going to punch someone in the face ! 
so did i miss anything today ? prolly not nothing good ever happens 
Time after time something always goes right ..... But when things are to right for to long something comes along to screw it all up ...... Its not happening this time ! 
Today has been a good day ......... This weekend was fun ... Definatly going back next year ! 
Spring Break BORING !!! 
Babysitting again .... A lot going on in my house it sucks ... Longest spring break of my life . 
Dont really want to go to school tomorrow , AIM testing is stupid .. Caring might be the hardest part , but its worth every minute of it 
Reasoning being I keep things to myself : Cause once there said everything goes wrong . 
Currently hating this paper for health class . I made a mistake and currently regretting it . How to get out of this one ?? I am really sorry . 
Over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in CA , 14,000 in NY & 17,000 in IL . NJ & Florida are cutting teacher jobs & reducing salaries . We need to get our priorities in order . Athletes get paid millions , but teachers who we trust to help raise & educate our kids get no respect ! In honor of ALL teachers , copy & paste this to your status . 
Apparently today i was mean .... So Im sorry if i said something rude to you today ..... (: 
Fact : I think a few people need a reality check .. Another Fact : I think a certain person is going to get one . Though i really dont want it to happen .. 
Currently disliking ? School . How many more days ? One ! Why do Random things happen ? Cause that's LIFE (: 
Thank you to everyone that wished me a happy birthday today ! (: to day was a good day ! Sorry Miss . Holliday , i wasnt in class today ! 
1 . I need to pack . 2 . Hanging out with Dazon tonight . 3 . Leaving tomorrow . Wont be back till Tuesday i hope ! (: 
On my way up to Show Low ! Hope everyone has a great weekend ! (: 
2 hours in Payson is amazing .. Not .. Im suppost to be in Show Low by now . 
In Show Low , woke up with a headache :( Other then that having a good weekend !! 
On my way home . Just about to Heber . Everything went well (: school tomorrow . Yay . I get to see my friends ! 
Well , Apparently im being a bad friend ? Who knows ? Cuz i dont .. If anyone would like to tell me anything else im doing wrong go for it .. I would love to know . (: 
At my sisters cheer compition ... Aka im bored 
Do I describe this feeling as dissapointed or upset ? I havent figured it out yet 
Not looking forward for the dance concert next week ..... 
Haha okay ... My fortune cookie said : You have an unusual magnetic personality ............... Is it true ? lol 
Going to the Fly Leaf concert tonight with < PROPFEMALE > ! Want today to be Friday . Its it all good ! 
At school till just about 930 tonight for dance rehersal ... Bored already and have only been here 2 hours . What is everyone up to ?? Text me ! (: 
Home from dance rehersal ... Concert is Wednesday , Thursday and Friday ! 
Dance concerts are finally over ! It was a long week but fun .... The weekend is here and now i can sleep YAY ! lol 
Friday needs to be tomorrow ... No myspace ..... No facebook ...... No drama ..... Just me with nothing to worry about .... I can't wait to get out of here ... For camping or for summer in general !! 
This weekend is going to be AMAZING !! :) 
Going home today ! This weekend was Great ! and today hasnt even started yet ! ROLLER COASTERS ARE AMAZING ! lol 
Well , being lost in the mountains some where in Cali was fun . Not .. Finally on the right way home :) had a great weekend ! 
Nothing could of beat Magic Mountain and the beach for my birthday ! Cali was amazing ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for going with me ! 
Today was the last monday of school ... We have less then a week .... the weekend no school on monday finals .. which are half days then summer !! The school year flew by and is in the past all we have left is to make it a memory and remember it forever .. New memories to come ... New people to meet and to always remember the people that changed our lives ! :) 
Angels and . Airwaves concert tonight ! I can't wait :) going with < PROPFEMALE > ... Tonight is going to be fun .... Can't wait for summer and my camping trip . Wow this year is just amazing from my friends to my family . :) 
Thank you to everyone that is and or has served for our country ! And Thank you Uncle < PROPMALE > for everything you have done for our country ! :) 
Summer officially started . The mall today was fun , yesterday was just funny . Camping is up next ! Heck yes this summer is going to be amazing ! :) 
I love you Grandpa . Stay strong you can make it through this . 
The last day of being grounded ! Yay . Nicks party tomorrow . :) 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > . Hanging with < PROPFIRST > then < PROPMALE>'s party then Sunsplash . :D Today is going to be fun ! 
Had fun swimming and playing COD all day with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > .. Even though I suck at that game .. I can't wait to get out of Az for 2 weeks . 
Swimming at the lake today !! Still in cali ! :) 
At lake Tahoe for the 4th . :) Hope everyone has a great day . <3 
Goin to San Fransisco tomorrow !! :) 
Going tubing in the river . :) leaving for San < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . :) 
San < PROPFEMALE > is amazing .... I could live here . :) 
I am finally home , If i could go back i would . San < PROPFEMALE > was amazing . Hmmm ... Definatly a place to see . 
Have a feeling I am going to be up all night ... I cant sleep ... Why does this happen to me ? 
Was up till about 2:30 3 this morning . Had a hard tome sleeping . Hmm 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > today !! (: 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s house . Spending the night . With < PROPFEMALE > too . Hm . I cant wait for tomorrow . Mayhem . 
Mayhem today !! :) 
Medical professions 1- mangan\ 
Investigavtove science- schiling\ 
Chemistry- kaplan\ 
English11- English \ 
Math yr 3- kolman\ 
Ap am/az history- wilkinson\ 
Anyone have any classes with me ? 
Mayhem yesterday was sick !! Definitely want to go next year !! 
Hanging out with Chels and < PROPMALE > . Going home today . 
Hanging at Julies house tonight !! Tonight is going to be fun !! 
How did we meet ? :) Copy and paste this to your status and see the different stories . 
In memory of every\ 
cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle\ 
with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this\ 
on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many\ 
won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
There is so much going on . I dont even know , so many questions havent been answered . What to do ? What to do , what to do ? 
It's 3 in the morning and I am still up ... What am I going to do . I'm screwed when school starts .. :( 
Night adventures are over . Sun splash tomorrow with the friends :) today well it's just going to be boring . School starts Monday . Still so many questions haven't been answered . Still don't know what to do . :) 
I am not ready for school at all ... The only good part is seeing my friends ..... Bad part .... I have to sit in a desk all day :( though all my classes have a friend it it but 5th :( tomorrow should be a good day I hope .!!!! 
Worst first day of school I have ever had in my life ... This year is going to suck .... :( 
Homework ..... Should do itself ...... Idk what to do ..... Take the easy way out ? Or take the challenge ?? Be bored all year ? Or be frustrated for choosing the wrong answer all year ..?? \ 
\ 
I see it , I can feel it , you see it , you can feel it , do you believe me when I say it ? 
Current annoyance ap history homework ..... But I had a good day ... \ 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > .. I'm sorry I switched out of that class ... You probably hate me but i love you anyways !! :) \ 
Chels ..... I HATE THIS STUPID HOMEWORK !! 
The one thing that annoys me most is when someone else has your phone acting like you .... but then you don't even tell me if i was even talking to you or not .... i mean really ? how do you not know if you sent one text message .... UGH 
Loving the rain .. I could stand out in the middle of this all day . :) It should be like this all the time ... not once then it just goes away like it never happened .. 
I HATE AP AM/AZ HISTORY ! This is insane .. \ 
I wish homework didnt EXIST ! 
First came the thunder and lightening ..... Then the down pour of rain !!! This is amazing !! :) 
Bored , tired and have nothing to do .. My first week of school just about sucked so i am probably going to hate this year .. Which sucks .. \ 
When i need to talk your not here , but im always here for you when you need to talk . < PROPMALE > problem with that picture . 
Had a good weekend . The first week if school is over and I already want break to be here . Wow . Hm .. I hope tomorrow is a great day !! :) 
Sleeping all day then waking up to just think about the people that i dont tell enough on how much i appreciate them , whether its my family , friends or the teachers that have impacted my life . \ 
Not knowing whats going to happen tomorrow or 20 years from now , it doesnt scare me , the thought of not knowing who is going to be in my life scares me . 
Well if my week wasnt bad enough ... i have to sit in history class for two hours tomorrow .. get paper thrown at me in 2nd hour and be bored out of my mind in 4th hour , all in the same stupid day ... Wow what a great week i have had ... NOT ... 
You werent someone I imagined to be in my life . But you are and that just makes my life so much happier . :) 
<3 
This is one of the most awkward days of my life ... Why do these things happen to me ?? 
Gave blood today .... Today wasn't really the best ... I just wish things would go back to how they were a long times ago .. 
Hanging out with Chels . Had an okay day ... My arm is bruised from donating blood .. I can't wait to see him tomorrow :) 
The things parents say \ so how was < PROPFEMALE > daycare ? \ " ahahahaha that's what I get for being grounded .. My best friend has to watch me while my mom works late .... IM NOT 5 ANYMORE MOM !!! " 
Had an okay day .. History class was hilarious today . < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > :) and < PROPFIRST > today . Today turned out to be pretty great . :) 
< PROPMALE > out with Chels today . My day was okay . 
Well im free to < PROPFEMALE > our now and now going to be bored on a stupid friday .. Who wants to < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
Have a feeling that im just pissing everyone off today .... 
3 different people came into my room and woke me up for just about the same thing .. To use my Ipod and to use my ihome .. for the time of 6:30 to 7:30 ... they wonder why im in a bad mood .. Going shoppin then free the rest of the day .. 
Sleeping over at Chels house . Hanging out with < PROPMALE > later . \ 
Grandpa I love you and stay strong . 
I dont know what to say or how to say it . I dont want you to leave I want you to always be here . You have always been in my life . 
ITS POURING RAIN !! :) I love it !! :D 
..... People should really watch what they say .. You might find something funny but that doesn't mean it's not offensive to others .. And for that I can't wait for you to say that one wrong thing and someone punches you in the face for it ... :) that person could be me next time ...... 
I had a good day . :) \ 
Stay strong Grandpa . I love you . 
San Tan Flats !! Having a great night . Wow . This is something I never thought I would be doing !! 
Matts birthday party today . Hanging out with Chels . 
Party , Rain , Swimming I Love This Mixture !!! Tonight was awesome !!! :) \ 
P.S. \ 
< PROPMALE > I forgot your gift at home . I will bring it to you one day haha . 
Saw Inception last night with < PROPFIRST > :) had a great weekend .. Now time for next weekend to be just as amazing :) 
Spent the afternoon with Grandpa and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Had dinner with Grandma and Grandpa . Had a good day :) 
Everyone is human , everyone makes mistakes . Mistakes are meant to happen , just learn from them and forget about it . :) 
Hanging with Chels . Then going to my SHADESS meeting to meet my < PROPMALE > . Lol . Then going to the movies with friends . Tomorrow is Brians and Joshs birthday party . Then Sunday I'm going to a concert .. Maybe .. Have a long weekend ahead of me . 
Oh and my current dislike is BAND and AWAY GAMES 
Had a great night .. There isnt anything better then an oreo shake and french toast stick for < PROPFIRST > in the Box at 1 in the morning !!! :) 
In memory of every Cancer patient , family member , and friend who has \ 
lost their battle with Cancer and in honor of those who continue to \ 
conquer it ! PLEASE put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for at least 1 hour if you know\ 
someone who has or has had Cancer . At the VERY least , they deserve 1 
Had a bad < PROPFEMALE > .. And that day isn't getting any better .. Ugh . I hate stress .. And it doesn't like me either .. Hopefully tomorrow is better . 
Thinking ? Unclearly . School ? Stressful . Problems ? Way to many . Friends who really know who I am ? A select few . The memories I will always have ? Priceless . 
Hm .. So if i never brought this up , i would have never been in this situation . Sometimes i feel like i take to much on at once causing more stress then i need .. I think its time for a break .. to just think .. to get my head together and to finally know what is really going on in my own head .. Decisions are hard .. but its what i have to do to keep everything from becoming a disaster .. 
Sleepover at Chels ' house . Nathanaels party tomorrow !!!! Going to be a great weekend !! :) oh and NO SCHOOL on Monday !! Heck yeah ! :) 
Going to SanTan Flats with Chels , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Having a great weekend :) nothing will break me down . You can say whatever you want and it wont phase me . 
Every guy is the same .. Don't even start to think differently .. You will just end up learning the hard way every time if you do ! But go me I have once done it again . I am a fool . To ever think you were different . And you know you were wrong . That's why you have nothing to say . I have made the mistake and I will never do that again . Hope you have a great life . Everything seems to be one gigantic *** lie with you ... 
Had a good weekend . Might go to the mall later . People still ask how I am and in reality I still cant answer that question . 
BLAH BLAH BLAH thats all i hear from anyone anymore .. BLAH BLAH BLAH .. I could careless on what anyone has to say . 
Nope , Im still not caring , and i still just want to hide in the closet and not come out . Yes my eyes are dry , but only because i cant cry anymore . People make it so hard to just forget . The questions need to stop , I am begging you just stop . To just forget , forget about everything . Please and Thank you . 
Got my license yesterday !!! :) 
Going to the game tonight !! Had an okay day . 
Heck yes BASHA WON !!!!!! The game was fun ! All man is it nice not having to wait for a ride !!! :D 
Had a great day !! < PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! :) 
Today should be good . Homework and Football !! :) 
UGH DONT HOLD AND YOU WOULD OF WON REALLY #71 REALLY ! 
If you know your causing so much drama , just stop . Its annoying , No one cares for it . 
Well have to go to school now . :( Hopefully this day is a good one , cuz im tired of the bad ones . 
This week has gone by so slowly it needs be over already . Had a long day and have a lot of homework to do .. 
Arizona Ave is a pain in the butt . the construction needs to go away !! Had a long day and still have a lot of homework to get done 
Last night was awesome !! :) < PROPMALE > out with Chels , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . \ 
I learned much about you to realize that by doing that I have learned so much about my self , you thought I would call you crazy , but in reality I still saw you as you . That just shows how much I cared . 
Had a great day spending with grandma and grandpa with the rest of the family .. Uncle < PROPFIRST > is hilarious !! :) 
Was at home sick all day .. It sucked .. I was bored out of my mind . 
Homeless go\ 
without eating .... Elderly go without needed medicines .... Mentally ill\ 
go without treatment .... Troops go without proper equipment .... Yet we\ 
donate millions to other countries before helping our own first .... 99%\ 
of people on facebook won't have the guts to ... Repost This !!!!! Our\ 
Government needs to WAKE UP and do the Right Thing !!!! 
Why are guys so stupid ?! 
Went to the JV game .. Basha won again .. All we need is for them to win tomorrow too !!! We won last year we can do it again .. Sory Zach !! 
If there was to be one < PROPMALE > to go back in time and change one thing it would be that i would realize what i had right in front of me was perfect , and none of this would have happened ... 
being blind for a day isnt the best in the world ... people are mean to you .... 
Hm .... If your a Jr at Basha High Sscool and you didnt vote for homecoming Royalty today you should go vote tomorrow for ME and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Hm .... If your a Jr at Basha High Sscool and you didnt vote for\ 
homecoming Royalty today you should go vote tomorrow for ME and Yongela N . Ward\ 
:) 
Went to the game that was okay .. had an off day .. people were just bugging me and it was annoying .. 
I like it on the counter . 
How is someone there for you , but when you need them there no where to be found ? \ 
I wonder what would happen if I tell you the answer to the question you keep asking me ..? 
I dont know what to do now ! 
Wow people are stupid !! 
Might go < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . We went to see Easy A . That was funny ! :) Had a great day !! 
HE IS ALIVE ! :) 
INBOX ONLY : Tell me something you've always wanted to tell me . Put this as your status and see what you get . 
If Homecoming would be in the past already i think i would be a lot happier .. 
It's only Wednesday . Homecoming I am still questioning . Today was not good at all . 
Went to the The Nest last night . Had a great Friday . Babysitting . Maybe < PROPFEMALE > with friends later tonight ? Football tomorrow morning .. 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least foran hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still ... fighting it . 
Nothing is perfect , no one is perfect . Live with what you got and be happy about it . Love all the laughs , learn from each and everyday , dont regret a thing 
Sometimes I just wish I could disappear for awhile . 
Rest In Peace Grandpa . You are in a better place now . You will be missed , and will always be loved . 
Today was just an off day . It feels like it should be a tuesday . If you were to ask me what happened yesterday i couldnt even tell you , I think i almost always seem to be in the wrong place in the wrong time .. 
Homecoming ? I guess ..... Why ? Cuz i am a good friend .. 
It is the Soldier not the poet , who has diven us freedom of speech . It is the soldier , not the lawyer , who has given us the right to fair trial . It\ 
is the soldier who salutes the flag , serves the flag and who's cofin is\ 
draped by the flag , Who gives the protester the right to burn the flag . I'll never forget them , i'm hopeing you wont e ... ither . THANK YOU SOLDIERS , FOR EVERYTHING YOU DO FOR OUR COUNTRY ! 
Homeoming game last night was great . :) we won 21-20 ! :) Homecoming tonight ! Excite i guess you can say that ! 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing theirfamily while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to readthis , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , butthey are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's ...... Military Appreciation Week . Re-post if you are in the mi ... litary , love amilitary member , or appreciate our troops . 
Had a great time last night ! Homecoming was great . :) Dont know what I am doing tonight . 
ARE YOU KIDDING ME ? I have the 1920s D: I hate this already .... :/ 
I currently hate history and English homework .. I dont even understand what i am doing .. 
At grandmas house helping skan pictures . Had an okay day . This week is going by way to slow .. 
Had a good day . :) 
I miss him , but he is all better and in a better place then here . 
Going to the game tonight . Everyone should go . :) Had an okay day . Its friday . Cant < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow , nor do i think i want to see anyone but family , but who knows thinkd can c < PROPFEMALE > e .. 
Had a good weekend seeing family members i haven't seen in a very long time . 
School was okay . After school was eh . then went to grandmas had a few laughs , tried putting the < PROPFEMALE > D in the cabinet and not the fridge .. went to < PROPFEMALE > Garden with < PROPFEMALE > Bedell and < PROPFEMALE > . Went back to grandmas house and scared grandma , Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . :) overall today turned out to be a good one ! :) 
Had on off day today , I dont know what was bugging me but it was weird .. Hope tomorrow is a better day . 
Happy Veterans Day ! Thank you everyone for serving this country ! :) 
Why couldn't I have believe them when they said sorry the first time ? 
Anyone have Ms. < PROPFIRST > ? I have no idea what i am doing for the IRP .. HELP ! 
* Ding < PROPFIRST > * Is that the door ? No that was the movie ! Haha Things never change . :) 
Started work today . I work from 6 to 10 tomorrow . Have a lot of things to do . 
Just got home from work . Have a crazy week ahead of me . Its going to be insane . 
I hate my second hour . But I'm hoping today is a good day . :) still have an insane week ahead of me . Wow I have never folded and unfolded so many clothes in my life . Lol . 
Had a great night with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . I finally < PROPMALE > out with my friends . I really needed that . :) 
Its raining and I love it ! :) School , homework then work . Fantastic ! I miss you so much i cant even put it in words . :( 
In order to be who you want to be , it's best to concentrate on who you are , instead of who you're not . 
The funniest thing is when you say something and the person your talking to totally believes you !! :) love ya bro !! Lol . 
Work from 1:15 to 9pm tomorrow and 4:45 pm to 12am on black friday . 
It was one month today , I know you were there checking on all of us . I miss and love you so much grandpa . <3 
Left work at 10:40 and people were already lined up to the store 2 down from us . People are crazy . Tomorrow is going to be insane ! :) 
Going shopping then work . :) You should come visit me i work from 4:45 to 12am today and 1 to 8:45 tomorrow ! 
If someone asks you politely to do something cant you just do it instead of the rude attitude .. Its not like I was able to pull the dressing room out of my butt ... :) Girls well i have no comment ! :) ahahaha 
So .. Anyone want to take my shift tomorrow ? Its 6 am to 1 pm please ! :) lol 
See what happens when you punch a wall , you brake your hand and get to have surgery done .. Nice going ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon character . The goal ? to not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against CHILD ABUSE , copy & paste this and invite your friends to do the same . 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > yesterday .. That was fun ! :) Worked to day and tomorrow . but have the rest of the week off . I hate it when you ask a question and people either ignore you or look at you like your stupid and say what ? 
I don't need an angel on my christmas tree I already have one in heaven Looking down on me ? ............ Put this as your status if there is someone you will miss this Christmas 
I guess i will play the number game ! I currently hate history homework and biotechnology ... 
22 Your a great person for all that you do for the elders . You have a big heart and I am grateful for knowing you and being related to you ! Keep going with what you have started ! :) 
699 You were someone I didnt even know freshmen year and I was just the girl that sat at your table . Now we have best friend talks . You can be really funny , Im glad were friends and I would love for it to stay that way . (: 
46 Wow . Well class freshmen year was great . I had a great time with you and the little group that was in there . We dont really talk anymore , but when we did it was a good time . You were someone I was able to talk to . I hope we start talking again . (: 
626 Wow I don't even know what to say about you ! We have through so much since freshmen year . I will always be here for you and you should know that . I trust you . Your a great friend lil sis . Don't ever change who you are . 
735 . I met you freshmen year . Yeah we had a few problems but were good now . 
18 omg . Girl we need to talk . You are a fun person and I don't even know that to say . 3rd hour last year I have no idea what I would have done with out you . I think I would have gone insane . Thank you for being there . Don't EVER change !! :) 
143 . This girl is crazy !!! You have always been there . We met in the 6th grade and were still as close as before . I can't wait till your here . I miss you like crazy . Girl I will kid nap you if I have to . :) I miss our little group . 
222 . Well I was told to be nice so i guess i will . Well the first time i met you , you were basically grilled by my family with all of our questions . Now well you pick on me and its not fair ! lol . You have 2 little ones that are so cute . Glad your appart of the family :) 
30013 this girl well she us just well herself . Ahaha she is my best friend , my sister , the one who is always there for me . I don't even know where to start . In the beginning like I said about someone else I was just the girl who sat at your table , then the day I said something is the day we became friends ! I basically live with this girl . I don't know what I would do with out her . 
Had a great day . :) No more school for 2 weeks and it rained today ! (: I like good days like today . (: 
Wow i never thought that would happen . But life is life and i dont know what to tell you . I mean its not like I sit at home and do nothing all day . You of all people should know how things work .. But i do what i need to do to get on with my life , so stop acting like i completely forgot you existed . Please 
It's been crazy . This is why I hate breaks ... If everything was falling apart during school , it gets worse during break . I hope it doesn't stay this way . Well I hope everyone had a great Christmas or whatever you celebrate . :) 
Theres always truth behind \just kidding\ " knowledge behind \ " I dont know\ " emotion behind \ " I dont care\ " pain behind \ " Its okay\ " I need you behind \ " leave me alone " 
Wow . had a great night with Chels and < PROPFEMALE > :D i cant wait for that again . aww i miss that . i definatly need to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends more often . :) 
Had a pretty okay day . it constisted of school , home , and work for now then bed . cuz i am pretty sure i might not go to school tomorrow . :) well . i hope everyone has a great night and im going back to work .. 
Where the crap are you when i need you ? 
I can already tell its going to be long day 
BROTHER'S WEEK !!!! If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , annoyed you to no end , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you are very proud of , re-post this to your status ? 
Can i have yo number ? hahaha First hour was hilarious today , < PROPMALE > you have seen that and step brothers way to many times . :) 
<3 your always on my mind , i miss you more each day . 
Truth is ... Like this status and I will tell you the honest to God truth on what I think about you :) 
Yay me Have to be at work in 4 and a half hours , and i just got off of work at 10 . not well goodnight everyone 
Hmm ... I dont know what to do .. Should i change it or keep it the same ? im tired of seeing the samething everyday .. Might go back brown or just change it completely ? Ugh .. 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? 
Im so tired of closing with the same people at work .. It has gotten majorly boring .. But today was good , and hoping for a good weekend sleeping . :) 
Cool just my luck i have no idea what im doing any the only person that i can ask is sleeping .. Stupid homework >:( 
I guess im rude because i dont talk to new people .. well its not me being rude its me being shy . boy do i love meeting new people . :) not . 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this ... in the status of all my friends ! AMEN 
Maybe doing this project is going to be a little harder then i though ... 
' Why are you even bothering ? Your not making your brother late . ' 6:59 im down stairs ,, im redy to go . 7:05 mom is making smoothies and zach is doing something in he bathroom .. And im making my brother late right . 
Say 1 word that describes me 
Senior project as a < PROPMALE > ? I think so ... Is it a pain in my butt ? VERY MUCH SO ! 
Stalling stalling ... do some more homework ... stalling stalling ... a lil more homework .. oh look im stalling again ... :) 
School then the Ostrich Festival :) All I have to do is make it through tomorrow at school the Spring Break :) 
The girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Put this as your status if you're against bullying 
Spending re day with my cousin before he leaves to Ohio tomorrow . :( 
I feel as if my older sister and nephew just moved across the country ... When really it was my aunt and cousin .. :( 
I made a new friend today :D 
Blueberry 
I see a lock down and everyone getting searched tomorrow . Yup it's going to happen and while their at it bring in the K-9 unit to find drugs .. I predict it . 
