My Account got hacked ... along with my email :( 

i'm dreaming of a white april ... wait an minute 
alright now my phone died . technology officialy hates me right now 
Got my other phone activated . Good to go 
good thing i still have all the Ballet Company pictures because they are gone on here ! 
The age of man is over . The darkness comes and all the lessons that we've learned here have only just begun . 
what element burns green ? swear to god i just saw something burn up not more than a quater mile off the ground and it burned green !!!!! 
Oh every time I close my eyes I see my name in shining lights . A different city every night oh I swear 
With the help of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , J.R.R Tolkien , < PROPFIRST > A . Heinlein i have had a revelation while writing my blog for my english class this week !!! 
because love is taking a dive and getting really comfortable and peeing in the pool and love is being the owner of a company that makes rape whistles ... love is all about whistles 
Nice job with the concert everyone . We sure did Rock that < PROPFIRST > ! 
Iron Man 2 @ 4:05 !! alright !! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! \ 
btw iron man 2 was completely and totally amazing ! 
my fingers are a little tender from jamming with Tecwyn Roberts . a couple hours is a marathon when you haven't played in so long 
... and the sun is coming up fml i need a new brain . \ 
i think mines broken ... 
\Happiness is nothing more than health and a poor memory . \ " \ 
We are beautiful in every single way\ 
Yes , words can't bring us down \ 
Don't you bring me down today 
i think i'll write a book ... 
done with school got the year ! summer here i come 
Now when the sun come up I'll be there to say what up in the morning , brush my teeth , find that clip I been lookin for since last night I feel so caught up 
Watching Alicein Wonderland with the family 
working on blackbird 
Live Large < PROPFEMALE > Rammer , < PROPFEMALE > Weinaug , and < PROPFIRST > Philipps 
loves to explore the intricacies and details of time travel 
And when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for a while cause girl you're amazing , just the way you are . 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > 
sex and beer sex and beer are the two things we hold dear\ 
sex and beer sex and beer are the things we like ' round here 
Bingo ! 
You'll always have my shoulder when you cry . I'll never let go . Never say goodbye\ 
You can count on me like 1 2 3 . I'll be there 
The word of the day is \Jactation\ " \ 
In Tokyo it's already three o'clock this afternoon 
... took 155 pictures and just deleted them all . fml . dont worry thought < PROPFEMALE > Wusterbarth i'll make up for it next week . 
it's sad that you can literally see on my wall that i'm procrastinating ... i think i should go now . 
i am very excited !!! and for so many different things now . oh boy 
High Dive !! 
My name is < PROPMALE > Rodriguez ! 
EPIC !! alright now I'm ready for part two ! I guess I could just watch part one a few more times ... Yeah I'll do that 
Word Of The Day : Hallow \ 
e.g. The Deathly Hallows\ 
Definition : to make holy ; sanctify ; consecrate . 
iTunes is now precessing 9500 songs ......... =/ it was about time to reorganize 
WOOOO Blizzard !!! 
Just signed up for spring semester classes ... not sure i know how i feel about that . 
< PROPMALE > Jennings ! 
hard to think of a better weekend than the one coming up . Oshkosh then up to ski brule for some winter sports madness ! 
I don't smell like me .. Its creepin me out 
Is posting on here that you just thoroughly enjoyed the movie social network redundant ? Lol no matter it was a good one . 
so i'm officially ok with having 7 classes . that seems like it's going to be ok ... but six finals ? oh boy i didnt think about that before . 
The FREEZER !!! 
Yes . 
anyone else looked at pictures on here recently ?... 
IS soooo excited !!!! 
$69 to fill up the tank ? Really ?? 
2am and I just turned on the backstreet boys . Oh boy .. 
So it got a little warm for a shirt while i was shoveling today ... thats a first . 
i keep hitting the space bar twice and expecting a period to show up .. darn mobile devices are spoiling me and what used to be my good typing skills . 
hahaha so i just logged onto Myspace for the first time in 2 years ... wow . 
