10 more days !!! I am so excited !!! 

So far my diet is going pretty well . This month I have lost 11 lbs . Still haven't lost as much as < PROPFIRST > though . But it's all good . Time for a new me !! :) 
That was an amazing game !!! HAHAHAHAHA !! The Colts lost !! Too funny !!! Peyton was crying !! HAHAHAHA !! He should've been named MVP for the Saints !!! 
< PROPMALE > . You can call me Mrs. < PROPMALE > now !! :) 
Had a wonderful day yesterday . The devil was trying to bring us down but it didn't work !! First the snow , of course , then Daja woke up at 3 in the morning getting sick . < PROPFIRST > stayed up with her all night . Then after we got married , we went out to eat . Later that night after our cake , < PROPFIRST > got what Daja had !! But all in all it was a wonderful day . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , D , and Steph !! Much love to all of you !! 
Last night we went to Red Lobster and the comedy club . I had soooo much fun last night !! Thanks again < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , D , Steph , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > for an awesome time !!! We have such good friends . Thank you my Husband for a beautiful night !! I love you !! 
Sorry everyone for coming into our home and getting you sick !!! Wasn't on purpose . Or was it ?!? LOL !!! I hope everyone is feeling better . 
Of course , I get that flu . Luckily I am just real tired and real sore . None of that rushing to the restroom every 30 mins .!! Yuck !!! 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful Husband today !!! I love you very much !! 
My oldest , Kurestin < PROPFEMALE > , born October , 1999 , at 12:41 . She weighed in at 7 lbs . 7 ozs . 18 1/2 inches long . My beautiful little girl !!! 
Quite exciting last night !! Watched a guy out front of out apartment get pulled over , a sobriety test , handcuffed , and taken away !! I felt like one of those old snoopy neighbors who just couldn't close the blinds . Fun Fun : 0 ) 
Had a nice night tonight . Had friends over , played board games , and enjoyed the night !! Fun Fun : 0 ) 
I can't believe < PROPFIRST > Haim passed away !! I know he was battling addiction , but he was an icon !! What the hell is happening to our role models ? Is it to the point that we can't let our children watch anything on the t.v. or radio ? This world is so messed up . What happened to the good ol ' days ? 
Game night last night was to much fun !! < PROPMALE > , you can sing the blankity blank ( in the tune ? of < PROPFEMALE > in the Bottle ) song anytime !! Too funny !! That was great !! LOL 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ... Hicksville , OH 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE ... copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 . Talkative . 4 : sarcastic . 5 : loveable . 6 : cool . 7 : moody . 8 : dumb . 9 : spoiled . 10 : mouthy . 11 : random . 12 : hot . 13 : funny . 14 : fit . 15 : amazing . 16 : beatuiful . 17 : cute . 
We just watched the movie Brothers . It was awesome . It touched me in so many ways . I cried so much !!! That one will have me thinking for awhile ! Two thumbs up !! 
Got called home early from work because my oldest was throwing up and having the runs . Fun ! Fun ! 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how you met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , at how interesting this can really be . Are we really friends ? 
Just got back from the movie theaters . My oldest and I watched the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . It was a great movie !!! 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile in your life . Set this as your status and see how many people you have made smile . " 
Want to say congratulations to Tiph !!! 
If anyone plays social city send me an invite . For some reason I can't send any out . 
Here comes < PROPFIRST > Cottontail , hopping down the < PROPFEMALE > trail . Hippity-hoppity Easter's on its way !! Happy Easter Everyone !!! :) 
I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , with which I'll never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven . 
Facebook games are like crack . You just can't stop playing them !! I am so addicted !! 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , whom you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , a hard worker , and a man that you are thankful to God for every day , copy and paste this to your profile . ? ? ? luv u < PROPFIRST > 
OMG !! I can't stand argueing with people when they know they are wrong . Especially when 3 people already told them they was wrong . GRRR !!! That shit really pisses me off . Damn stupid ass people !!! 
Well I start out at < PROPFIRST > Products on Monday . It's 3rd shift but atleast it's Monday through Friday !!! I'll have a life again !!! Yeah !!! 
I love my close friends very much . And when one gets hurt/sick it's very upsetting . So D , u better take some pills and stay the hell out the hospital . But on a lighter note , the pic was quite amusing !! :) 
Had my orientation today . Start on 3rd tonight . I am so excited !! 
My first night at work went by real well . It feels so good not having to deal with ignorant customers !!! I'm home !! LOL I never knew how much I would miss the \factory life \"!!" 
wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again .. I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms ,... I have you in my heart . Repost if you have someone in Heaven . 
I'm kinda upset . Just found out my old boss is upset because I quit . I put so much time and effort at that place and worked for minimum wage , when I was worth so much more . When a job affects your life and how your children look at you , it is time to move on and find something that can keep the home . So I'm sorry if I pissed her off . If you woulda treated me better and paid me what I was worth , I might have stayed . 
Mom had her surgery yesterday . She is doing good . She had a hernia . She goes in on the 19th for a biopsy on her neck . It takes her 10 years to go to the doctors and now she finds out she is falling apart !! :) LOL !! 
Happy Birthday Daja !! It's her big number 2 !!! 
Thank you friends and family who came over for Daja's birthday party !! We had great food , and she will be dressed for the whole summer !! :) I appreciate everything very much !! 
Happy Father's Day to all the dad's out there !!! And an extra special Happy Father's Day to my wonderful husband . We love and appreciate you very much !! You are my rock !! This is your day < PROPFEMALE > . Take advantage of it !! ;) 
PLACE\ 
OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know\ 
where your FB friends were born . Copy & paste this on your profile , \ 
then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence .... Hicksville , OH 
Went walking for an hour today . Didn't realize how hot it was outside until walking into the nice AC !!! Felt good though !! 
Yeah !! Hopefully my < PROPFEMALE > has a job !! Cross your fingers for me !!! 
Come 7pm , some football will be on ( all be it the first hour is flag football ) . Heaven pure Heaven !!! ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL !!!???? I love football season !! 
So excited !! Got the new cable line up today . We finally have Boomerrang !! I am a true kid at heart !! Love these old cartoons !! Childhood memories , here I come !! WooHoo !!! 
Went and seen Inception today . Pretty good movie . Ate at Applebee's . Good food . Can't go out , cause I have housework ( mainly laundry ) to do . Ahhh .... I know I'm getting old when that's my excitement for the weekend !! HAHA But Pittsburgh is playing !! Makes it much better for me . 
HUSBAND'SWEEK: If you have a husband who makes your life interesting , full of fun and is your best friend , who's been with you through thick and thin and who has been a blessing in your life , and to whom you are PROUD to be married - copy and paste this to your status with the date you were married ..... 2-9-10 
Hoping to hit the gym tomorrow morning . On a mission !!! 
Going to be a long night . Dealing with a sick baby . I feel so bad for young ones when they throw up . I feel so helpless !! 
Had a conversation at work last night . You know who you are !! Has anyone heard of poop particles ??? Please help !! 
Excited to say that < PROPFIRST > starts at Campbell's on Monday !!! Woot Woot !!! Only took 2 years to find a job . 
< PROPFIRST > is enjoying work and Daja is loving day care . Everything feels so right !! Hopefully all this lasts !!! 
Mmmmmmm .......... coffee !!!! 
Daja isn't feeling well . I've had a long day with her and I think it's gonna be a long night . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! It has meant alot to me !! 
If you have a wonderful man who is your whole world , who isn't perfect \ 
but is perfect for you , who works hard ( and plays hard ) and would do \ 
anything for you , makes you laugh .. who is your bestfriend (& \ 
sometimes your only ) who you want to grow old with ... ( if you don't kill \ 
him first ) and who you are THANKFUL for every day , then post t ... his as your status !!! I love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !! 
Today is my oldest , Kurestin's birthday !!! 11 !!! Boy am I feelling old !!! Happy Birthday Kurestin !!!! I Love You !!!! 
Waiting to make an appointment for my youngest . She was running a fever last night and saying her ear hurt . I have no luck with her !! She always has something wrong with her !! 
Whelp .... she has an earache . She is on sulfate because she is allergic to amoxicillan . So hopefully this cures her . Sick kids are no fun !!! 
Happy Turkey Day Everyone !!! 
And it's on like Donkey Kong . Go Pittsburgh !! 
God I love Big < PROPMALE > & Hines < PROPMALE > !! 
Just walked right in !! Woo Hoo !! TD !! 
WTF !! Sacked twice !! WTF !! 
Oh my God !! This game is giving me a heart attack !! Come on Steelers !! 
Oh my God !! That was a heart attack waiting to happen !! Way to go Pittsburgh !! 
Ostriches . Ostriches . Why are there so many ostriches ? I thought they said there wouldn\t be so many ostriches ?! " 
Redbull 
With all of my amazing ninja skills , the squirrels still kicked my ass !!!! 
Where was the flag ? He just punched < PROPMALE > in the face and broke his nose ! If it was < PROPMALE > or manning there woulda been a flag . Ughh !! 
A man runs into a pyschiatrist off with nothing on but cellophane . The pyschiatrist says I can clearly see your nuts ! Thanks < PROPMALE > !! Too funny !! 
Hammer . Bammer Bammer . WTF ?? 
Sooooo sleepy !!! Time to hit the sheets !! 
So upsetting . My oldest and I went to Riverside to visit my dad because it has been 22 years today since he was taken from me and I can't find his resting place . I'll try again . 
Happy Birthday to my brother < PROPFIRST > !! The big 34 today !! 
Coffee is made . Roast is on . < PROPFEMALE > has came . Ahh ... what a wonderful morning already . I hope everyone has a wonderful < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
Just got back from getting my new tattoo !!! Yay !! LOVE IT !!!! 
Tastes like a Krabby < PROPFEMALE > but it's shaped like a weiner ..... Gotta love Spongebob !! LOL !!!! 
I'm Plankton , you old hag ! And your son smells like boogers !!!.... Ahhh .... Spongebob , you make me laugh !!! 
Ahhhh ...... Playoffs today !! Making some nachos and enjoying the games . Amazingly I'm gonna root for the Seahawks and oh my the Cowboys . Can't believe I wrote that down .... LOL !! 
Oh my bad . Go Jets !! Kick them Colts ass !! 
Damn !! 
Missed work last night cause my eyes and back was hurting . Damn I must be getting old !!! Slept like a baby last night !! 
45 mins to game time baby !!! Woot woot !! Go Steelers !!!! 
C'mon Steeler Nation !!! Let's get this game rollin'!!!! 
We gotta touchdown !!! Hey ! Hey ! Hey ! 
This game gonna give me a heart attack . Need 2 quit messin around and get our heads in the game . Knew it would be tough but this is silly ! 
We won !!! We won !!! We won !!! Way to go Steelers !!! Woot !!! Woot !!! 
Yeah ... umm .. it was pretty bad this morning . That was a whole lot of ice !! 
Here we go !! Go Steelers !! \ 
Sorry < PROPFEMALE > abt your Bears ! Cutler's punk ass !! Good job to Hanie for trying ! 
Damn cheating officials !! They shoulda all be fired . Bull measurement ! 
Missing a nap for this game ..... It is well worth it !!! GO PITTSBURGHNNN 
Wtf !! Steelers need to step up !! Nail bitter !!! 
Oh how I wish Pouncy was in there !! Ugh !! 
Hell yeah !! We goin !! Woohoo !!! 
Had a wonderful day shopping with my oldest . Tomorrow I am doing her hair and having a girls day !! Too much fun !!! 
Oh crap ! It's starting !! Snow snow go away !! 
Welp Defiance County is under a level 2 now . Blizzard , blizzard go away !! 
To all my < PROPFIRST > Products friends ...... We are closed at all facilities . 
Why did the cook get arrested ? He was caught baeting an egg ! Hehe damn commercials ! 
Can't believe we are still under a level 2 . There is alot of snow out there !! Oh and that groundhog is full of it !! 
ºSTEELERS WAVE !! : „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤KEEP THE WAVE GOING\ 
¸„ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤øº\ 
LETS GO STEELERS ! ¤¤º°¨¨°º¤øº¤ø„¸¸ø¤º°¨„ø¤º°¨¨°ºL-E-T-S\ 
GO ! „ø¤º°¨ ¨°º¤LET'S GO STEELERS ! ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø 
F@*# that . 
Layed down for a little nap before work last night and woke up sick . Ugghhh .... that wasn not good .... 
Happy Anniversary to my wonderful husband . Thank you for a wonderful year !!! I love you very much !! 
I'm Spongebob Juungle Pants .... Cacaw !!!! LMAO !!!! 
Up to Urgent Care I will be going at 4 . Muy oldest sat and let her sister put a bead ( I think ) down her ear . I can't get it out and if the doctor can't get it out they said she has to go to a specialist . I am so furious right now ... it's not funny . 
Had to work last night and heard the best/funniest thing in my life . \ I like those white skunks . They are easy to see . You know the ones with pink eyes ? \ " \ 
In the words of < PROPMALE > \Take it in the face\ " Snow and Ice " 
Is anyone else having problems with Cityville ? It hasn't uploaded for me in about 4 or 5 days . 
If your DAD is or was a hard working MAN , your HERO , helped you no matter how bad you were , or is just the BEST DAD EVER . If you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an ANGEL in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your DAD , and that you LOVE HIM !! I love and miss you dad !! < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 6-19-1954/12-23-1988 
Pringles Stix < PROPFEMALE > Butter are awesome !!!!! 
??? If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world . Who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you . Who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for everyday , and who you could not live without . Brag about him a little and re-post this as your status . ??? I Love You < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
Well sucky sucky .... Got a long weekend ... should be good but i want the money !!! Damn tsunami !!!! 
Had a really good day today .... Enjoyed going to < PROPMALE>'s 18th birthday party .... It was nice catching up with friends and seeing their smiling faces !!! 
????????????????? ????? ????????????????? \ 
? If you have a gorgeous daughter/s , put this as your status ? \ 
????????????????? ????? ????????????????? 
Banana 
