is happy I got rid of all the viruses on my computer 

hey want to know something !? TE AMO !!! =D 
my eyes are tired ... 
I get up way too early without wanting or needing too . AAhhhh whats wrong with me !? 
I've been having A LOT of free time lately ... it feels nice 
is ready to go to Colorado , but I feel a bit weird , like somethings missing ... hmm 
Leaving tonight . I'm gonna miss my famiiy in Colorado ... 
just made delicious crepes ! Thanks sister for the recipe , miss you . 
forgot how great Pink < PROPMALE > was 
I love my life 
My mind just needs to settle down . 
feels very terrible ... 
Is feeling very very good now =D 
trying to learn how to play the piano 
Lalalalala I love my life ! 
I don't think I'll ever eat mcdonalds again ... uhhh I hate being sick 
A nice 12 hr sleep is exactly what i needed . 
Breaking windows is fun 
mmm , cookies 
A lot of deep thinking goes on in the bathroom 
enjoying a very rare day off of no work or school 
Woot ! Some lady gave me a coupon as she was leaving the restaurant that saved me 6 bucks ! 
haven't been sunburnt in a while . Oh well its not that bad . 
Hmmm , coconut water to rehyrdrate from a fun exhausting day 
What a long day . 
For every minute you are feeling off , you lose sixty seconds of \ 
happiness 
Today is going to be a good day 
Its such a hassle trying to find the remote every time I want to watch TV 
Don't want to go to work . 
Time to go take down the big brother at some games . 
My dreams are teasing with me 
I feel so happy and lucky . I have what's important in my life 
1000 little pieces 
What a great lucid dream ! They're so awesome and I love my girl =) 
just settle down 
Don't worry , be happy . 
It's hard , but trying my best to get better with every single day 
Yes I'm finally done ! I can enjoy the rest of my evening now . 
Is it weird that I get really into writing research papers and enjoy them ? 
Yes ! Lucid dreams are happening a lot more often then they used to . 
Woot Woot ! My research < PROPMALE > proposal got accepted for funding ! 
#5 your a cool down to earth person . Nice person to < PROPFEMALE > out with . Remember my mom telling me I should keep you away from my gf because of your good looks lol 
Looking at research articles even though school is over . My weird way of having fun lol 
Thanks everyone for the b-day wishes , makes this day all the better 
Loving my sisters cooking , so delicious ! 
