Hope your new years < PROPFEMALE > is wonderful . 

hey everyone i'm back 
STEELER NATION ! 
anyone want to hill tonight ? 
lansing tomorrow 
taking action is scary 
lansing baby ! 
driving to PGH and DC tomorrow ! 
Welcome to Woodbridge 
Yard work till your brain explodes . 
Almost died today . Falling off ladders is a bad idea . 
my picture is the happiest barn in the world ! 
God bless modern technology . Phones and the internet are incredible . 
BattleStar Galactaca is incroyable ! 
Well , life is just so darn busy these days . The mission left us with more time to write letters . 
Happy Birthday to the Ground ! 
is wondering : Is cloud ten better than \cloud nine\ " ? Where does that expression even come from ... " 
Anyone Else wonder why its called Facebook ? Strange name if you ask me . 
my brother in law got a DROID . Pretty sick . 
Well , I messed that one up . 
Is grateful for the gift of Jesus . 
Hoping that friends will never leave . 
how long do i have to wait ? 
Question : Are \Lance\ " and \ " Vincent\ " good names for boys ? " 
is trying to decide whether or not to build robots again this year .. 
All of this has happened before . But that doesn't mean it has to happen again . 
Copy and paste ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? I pray for the cure of cancer . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ?? 
Love your life . Some people won't have theirs tomorrow 
So ppl obsess about facebook relationship status too much . 
C.S. < PROPFIRST > 
I have completed my two addictions . Battlestar Galactica ? Watched it all . Plants vs . Zombies ? Gold sunflower trophy . Yeah now its time for sudoku and c.s. < PROPFIRST > full time . 
was sad when he found out that \Low Shoulder\ " isn't a real band . They sing this song called \ " through the trees\ " on the soundtrack of the movie \ " jennifer's body\ " and i found out that they aren't a real band . :-( " 
I am the captain of my soul . 
Happy P-Day . Thursday was the best pday . 
In the words of Mad-Eye Moody , CONSTANT VIGILANCE 
Feels for the Vikings . It was a good run boys . 
Well , I guess today was a day ... 
coco's \most expensive sketch\ " series is incredible . " 
comment if you watched the state of the union address . 
Seriously ? 
sunday ? cool . 
Anybody know any good tricks for gaining good weight ? 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
sorry to flood everyone with social interview stuff . I thought I'd give it a try . Pretty fun little app . 
sicker than sick 
any ideas for my celeb look alike ? 
so i have decided that if i got no sleep ever i would look 100% like my profile picture , < PROPMALE > Braff 
and now the blizzard starts !! weekend cooped inside . 
this snow is incredible . 
Sick again . i swear my body is angry at me for trying to gain weight . 
Profound Thought : Never date < PROPFIRST > Swift , she'll just end up writing a mean song about you . And that song WILL have your name in it . 
serious . nobody will ever remember the girl who plays < PROPFEMALE > in twilight . sucks to be her . 
any advice to a nice bloke looking for a very inexpensive digital camera ? 
If you could eat lunch with Barack Obama , what would you talk to him about ? 
happy valentines day . Especially to all my boys and girl from and in the mission of love . 
I just taught myself how to change a windshield wiper transmission . I give myself 2 eprops . 
what was the date of huron's graduation in 2006 ? 
Huron High school's arch is the best . 
What would you do if you had to give up texting for a month ? what about giving up facebook for a month ? 
Is feeling bummed that he wont be attending the transfer meeting tomorrow . We'll miss you PPMers . 
Is it ok if all i can do it make you laugh ? 
That's what takes it over , cuz the sound's so big . 
seems to me that most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be 
Glasses bought . there we go . 
tired . 
good weekend . Signed , your affectionate uncle , Screwtape . 
Light up the Darkness . 
relient k and c.s. < PROPFIRST > were two elements of my wonderful evening . 
is ready to watch 830 and 469 dominate MI . 
You're about to ride home with a panda you barely even know . 
dude . Anyone who wants to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow any time let me know . 
Loves the Life he Lives . 
Its too late to apologize . 
the facebook fast starts in less than 12 hours . I'm going to go a week without it . So if you need to get in touch with me , email or text homies . PEACE ! 
Let the Facebook Fast Begin . 
Finished the fast . What does \Montezuma's Revenge\ " mean ? " 
Happy P-day ! Long live the PPM . 
Some People think that Rappers are invincible . Well , we're \vincible . \"" 
I celebrate Christ's Victory over Death . 
DOJ at 6AM means wake up at 430 . I know you're jealous . 
I'll be honest , Kemps is off the chain . 
Anyone else think that it would be cool to be a farm hand for a few months ?? 
Filing taxes was not as bad as i anticipated . 
Pixel Junk Monsters or Savage < PROPFEMALE > Hera ? Any advice would be useful . 
Huge accident on old bridge means traffic all over the place !! Ill be lucky if i make it to institute before it ends 
Man , Pixel junk monsters is very very difficult . Worth it though . 
Strangest problem ever with my computer . Wireless internet wouldnt work even after rebooting . I turn off and on the wireless card ? Nothing . So i take it over close to the router and begin to set up a wired connection and shortly after i plug in the ethernet port , my card also connects on the wireless network . Computer , you make me wonder sometimes ... 
Pixel Junk is my new favorite . 
Dear boundries of the Olean New York < PROPMALE > , I miss you . 
Might not have a great day today . Which is incredibly rare 
The Championship event of the FIRST Robotics Competition runs today through Saturday in Atlanta < PROPFEMALE > . FEAR The RAT ! 
Won one lost one . On again in 12 matches 
2 wins one loss . We beat the chosen one . Lets keep it up Rat Pack 
Excited for A full Friday 
Two friends training for half marathons makes me feel like a lazy bum so i ran 7.5 < PROPMALE > on the treadmill today . BAM . 
4 wins one loss . On again in 8 matches . 
Glad to see 469 back in their game . 830 shirt and 469 hoodie . GO CURIE ! 
5-1 . Ranked 12th and on again in match 89 . 
6-1 and racked 8th after 7 matches . 
just witnessed robotics madness . 1114 aids the red alliance of 469 , 111 , and 888 to score 32 raw points in one match . 3 penalties assessed for inability to return the balls back to the field with enough speed to avoid Dogma . 
Dear FRC community . Don't hate on 1114 . You would have done the same thing . This is what makes them so good . 
Dear 830 and 469 in Atlanta , I am especially excited for you two to make great things happen today . I honestly feel that at least one of you could win the world championship today . Both would be cool too . Good Luck ! 
and in a very intense match , 1114 takes the number one seed . Dang kids . 
469 , 1114 , and 2041 are crowned curie division champs . Grats 
Branches > Wards . 
is there any video of the einstien matches up ? 
Huh . Apple lost a prototype iPhone . And Gizmodo found it . Pretty interesting . 
writing another note . Should be fantastic . 
Pleasantly surprised . 
No , i dont know who you are . 
I'm sorry , i actually don't know who you are . 
Earth day means that google has a cool image on their home < PROPFEMALE > . That makes it almost as cool as april fools day . 
Scared that i'm being pranked with ex lax cookies . 
Remembers the real party for super bowl where the steelers won again . Sorry about your camera ruppaner . 
getting tar on my flip flops made me realise that 5 year old flip flops might mean time to retire them . We'll see . P.S. thank you Federal and State government for returning the money you borrowed . 
Dear Mission scrapbook , I'm proud to say that I will finish you today . Except for the Slippery Rock section . I'm just not ready to say goodbye to that yet . -the former Elder < PROPMALE > 
is oblivious . 
Tired . As . Heck . Killin bugs tomorrow . 
is having a bonfire by himself . Who knew that you could even do that ? 
Happy cinco de mayo . I needed that dinner tonight . thanks to everyone for enduring the shenanigans of my little companions . 
Love you Mom . 
It's gonna be a long night ... I'm ready !!! 
So the movie \jaws\ " ? Not what i expected " 
Happy almost hump day 
Well , it's official . Textsfromlastnight.com is legitimately humorous . Check it out 
I had the best weekend . Seriously , it was pretty much unbeatable 
Congrats again to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > gould !! 
Hey so skillet and creed . Jiffy lube live . July 28 . It's going down . Anyone else want in ?? 
Happy birthday to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Rest in peace , you old cowboy . 
Mulberries with mayberry . Fun times .. 
Baby watch is on . < PROPMALE > should be here this weekend 
Dude this place smells like Updog ... 
My nephew was born in the wee hours o the morn . < PROPMALE > , welcome to this crazy world . I love being an uncle 
all work and no play makes < PROPFIRST > a dull boy . Lots of work and lots of play ? Pretty much we'll see what happens 
Can anyone from the ppm snail mail or email me the moleni brothers cd ?? I miss it . 
Some nostalgia . I was just thinking about eating pepperoni sandwiches in fredonia ny with my 100 hour companion . Good times 
89 to 176 million gallons . Yeah ....... 
Toyota celica gt . i love them and it seems like the drivers are always the most legit ppl . 
A big thanks to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and ryleigh for making our day with the dolphins the best of anyone there . 
I love JoZu 
Watermelon week 2010 is over ! i'm runnin like a machine . 
packing ? 
Dear world , we should bring back \pop-up video \"" 
Huh . The door i just knocked on has a peephole . But theres no lens . So its literally a hole in the door . 
Holy crap someone bought a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > gi oh cards from me through ebay . Impressive 
Is back in < PROPFEMALE > arbor . Hit me up 
First day of school in three years . Wearing < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > blue for good luck 
Props to lady gaga . She stopped her concert mid song to break up a fight . That takes awesomeness 
I hope I never forget . 
I , like < PROPFEMALE > White , am on the twitter . @pogotrickster 
today was an all right sunday 
I think I can get an A in Calculus . Its not going to be easy , but I'll do it 
Prof . didnt show up for my english class . i can't decide whether I like or dislike this . 
Is loving that its apple cider season 
is surprised that he actually cares enough to be working this far ahead on hw . 
Guesses its time accept that new birthdays wont bring added freedom anymore 
So my mtc teacher lives in my < PROPMALE > now .... Surprise ! 
Wonders if sports night is on tonight 
Two things . 1 . Dear jolly rancher in the kohl's parking lot , I didn't mean to run you over . I didnt see you there . My bad . 2 . Food for thought . It might happen . Don't ask . 
Lets pretend / < PROPFIRST > mathers never picked up a pen 
I'm gonna say it . Caprica is delicious . 
Dude . This is Boise State's year . I hate to wish losses on auburn and lsu , but i do . Oklahoma too ! 
Quote of the day : \ I dont want any friends i hate people " 
Boise State Broncos for top 2 ! 
I really want a burger . 
you would think that ESPN would have figured out how to stream live audio in the rain pretty well by now . I mean , the video is flawless . the audio stinks though . Strange 
calc test tomorrow . Im gonna own it . 
Calc test went decent . Only redeeming aspect of the day is no English . 
Attention Math120 students : Why pay for a math tutor when I do it for free ? I can't decide if this is a cynical sentiment ... 
Just in case anyone forgot , kanye west is an idiot . To the < PROPMALE > 
I want a sheetz sub . 
Oh holy moly ! McRib is back ! I might have to grab some this weekend 
Today is what you might call a perfect storm . Its almost awe-inspiring how horribly things have gone . 
The calender says wtf and then it will be saturday 
has blood pressure 90/60 and supposedly a resting heart rate well below 60 . Strange . This seems to cause fainting when blood work is done . 
Craving bagel fragel 
Did you remember that today commemorates < PROPFEMALE > Harbor ? 
United We Hate Finals ! 
Watch out for a barbershop above a taco < PROPFEMALE > . Modern day sweeney < PROPMALE > 
Volkner Krause , I'm waiting ...... 
First day of class is a bad day to be sick 
Online Classes are so deceptive . 
so many word documents ... 
Hey Yinz guys ! Stillers gonna win ! 
Freedom exists in the absence of restriction , not in the absence of consequences . 
Here we Go Steelers ! Do i hear seven ? 
Good Game ! 
Feelin bad for < PROPFIRST > Favre right now . I'm sure he'd just like to peacefully say goodbye to the game .... 
happy valentines afterparty ! 
Wow , BYU ranked #3 
Seriously . I love eggs . delicious , nutritious , and economically intelligent . 
Sad day , but the Honor code is the Honor code . Sorry Davies . 
Logo motion ? Lame . 2056 and 217 ? Awesome sauce 
