i am bored outta my mind 

just laid < PROPFIRST > down for a nap . Now some me time . 
having fun with the ladies , i love them . 
oh so very bored waiting for my next class . 
oh sooo much to do . test tomorrow 
test today , fun fun 
Had a blast at ladies night last night with < PROPFEMALE > . I love ya girl , the best nights that we will barely remember , lol , sooo much fun 
oh so very tired , it is 3:30 am and i just got home from working at the race drags . worked from 9:30 this morning till now . POOPED 
gotta write some papers before tomorrow , fixin to get started . 
Aint no rest for the wicked , money dont grow on trees , i got bills to pay and got mouths to feed , aint nothing in this world for free , so i cant slow down , i cant look back , although i wish i could , bc there aint no rest for the wicked , till we close our 
ready for the river and spending time with some of my sisters , and brothers . 
mornings are freakin horrible , lol . i just wanna sleep 
cleaned the whole house and all the laundry is done and put away . YAY 
excited for Branson . a whole week away from home sounds wonderful 
bored , fixin to start dinner 
had a great time in Branson with the family , but i am happy to be home 
still tired 
slept way to much 
tired 
bored and have two cranky two year olds that have been up since 7 this morning so i am on 3 hours of sleep . 
i just dont know what i want from life , this really sux 
a lil tired , but waitin on the homegirl to get here , i need someone right now , i am doing all good , just gettin that loneliness goin on 
kickin wit < PROPFEMALE > , aint done shit today , well cleaned a little and did laundry but thats about it 
chillin . bored , gonna clean some more than going to tulsa lata tonight , yay 
where do i go from here ? i guess just keep moving forward , the only problem is , is that i keep looking back 
gettin sleepy , watched a pretty crazy movie though 
has been runnin ragged tryin to keep my mind off of things , but i think i should stop and think about my life and how to move forward rather than just standing still . i dunno 
is about to start cleanin my room , it is messy i just have not had the energy to do it , but ima get er done today 
got < PROPFIRST > a new potty seat , lightnin mcqueen , he is doing really good on usin the big boy potty , im so proud of him 
feelin better , yay 
my paxil has kicked in so i feel better , but now i am sooo tired . 
took < PROPFIRST > to the park and we played for like two hours ., it is just such a beautiful day , came home and gave him a bath , and now he is just chillin on the couch realxin , lol . 
me and my lil sis took < PROPFIRST > to the zoo today , it was so peaceful , and fun 
is thinking i would like to go watch my uncle Roco play tomorrow night at Oktoberfest 
octoberfest was a blast , but i ended up kicking my own ass all night and am sore today 
just filled out a few applications online 
when life gets you down , you know what you gotta do ? Just keep swimming , just keep swimming , lmao , i love < PROPFEMALE > . ha ha 
that rain was about a bitch , but we made it home safely 
ready to go trick or treating 
very sleepy , 
OMG i have got to quit lettin this stupid shit get to me !!!! but how ? my feelings are freaking hurt . GRRRRRRR 
just got home from work ... my life is wonderful , i am so happy and i am missin < PROPMALE > .. 
finally puttin up some new pics ... now i prolly wont be back on for a while again .. 
just got off work , chillin here with my son , facebookin it .. ;) 
work tonight ... 
not excited about woprking all night again tonight ,, but i did sign up for it so its my very own fault .. its money though ... sittin here with my lil man 
so freakin tired .... 
Please pray for my brother < PROPMALE > ... he is in the hospital bc of a horrible dirt bike wreck .. 
< PROPMALE > is doing better today ... thank you all so much for your prayers and please keep praying .. thank you sooooo much 
my brother finally got to go home today he is having surgery on his arm next week .. 
work work work .... but hey its money so i aint complainin .. but i am missin my lil man so much .. i work alot 
Learned from my past , enjoying the present and stoked about the future ... life is exciting .. 
finally finished some much needed cleaning .. lol ... i have not had much time to get it done .. now relaxin with my lil man watchin some spongebob .. hells yea .. just happy to be spending some time with my lil sweetheart .. and sooo excited for this weekend ... it is going to be wonderful and relaxing ... 
woke up and now i am wide awake .. i have been tossing and turning all night .. this blows bc i have to be at work at 7:45 am .. 
\everyday is a gift .. not a given right . \"" 
going to watch my uncle roco jam out tonight at the Kenosha Station all are welcome to come .. 
if < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue than im f*&^ed lol .. bc i have none 
my son is developing quite an attitude ... 
cleaning ... doing laundry .. and thinking ... hmmmm ... wut next ... i dunno ... 
just got done ripping some awesome mixes to my computer ( so i can make sure that i will never lose them ) now just chillin .. listening to the music .. 
i am who i am ,, if you dont like it than i dont really care , bc im just going to keep being myself ... some things in life hurt and it sucks but if you take the negative and learn from it than it will eventually turn out to be positive a positive effect on your life .. 
just got off work ,, now to bed so i can get up and go back to work at 1:30 .. but i aint complaining bc i picked up enough hours to hit my forty so i should have a good check .. yay .... 
just put in a 14 hour work day .. im tired and apparently my son took a nap so he is not ready for bed 
glad to be off work today and tomorrow .. yay .. gonna spend some much needed quality time with my lil man .. i have been missin him like crazy .. he is just growing up so fast 
goin to the dentist ... booooo 
well apparently you should not eat a burrito that came straight outta the microwave bc it will burn your mouth and cause it to be burned for two weeks .. lol .. and i went to the dentist for this .. GAY !!! 
~ \keep your focus on what you seek . not on what you are missing . \ " M . Borsom .. " 
Lots of new pics .. 
so i am pretty sure i have strep throat . my throat hurts so bad going on three days now and i am running a fever of 101.3 . this sux 
im thinking the zoo sounds like a great way to spend the day with my little sweetheart . 
just got a new phone bc the last one ended up in a cup of mt dew so if you would , please send me your < PROPFIRST > through facebook message please .. 
i CANNOT believe my little sweetheart is going to be 3 on monday ... OMG .. crazy 
had a great time with my son at < PROPMALE > e cheese today .. i am trully blessed to have him 
ok so i have had my profile on the english ( pirate ) setting , and at first it was fun , but when than i started thinking like a pirate , lol .. 
my little boy is three years old today .. i will be posting a lot of pics here in a little bit 
put up a few photos , there are more to come 
< PROPFIRST > got his hair cut today .. he looks so cute 
i need some pointers on where to go to edit my photos .. anyone ? 
mmmm ... sleep , here i come . 
Add ? this ? as ? \ 
your ? status ? for ? one ? hour ? if ? you ? or ? someone ? you ? \ 
know , ? has ? or ? had ? cancer . ? My ? wish ? is ? that ? in ? 2010 ? a\ 
? cure ? will ? be ? found . ? 93% ? won't ? copy ? and ? paste ? this . ? \ 
Will ? you ? 
ready to get back in to school , and make some changes in my and my sons life , i have procrastinated long enough , time to get on the ball ... 
< PROPFIRST > is going to preschool , i am so excited , and so nervous .. 
I have carried a child within my body . I have comforted a baby upon my chest . My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I see a mother , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you are proud to be a MOTHER ? 
ATTENTION !!!!!!!!!! Do\ 
not join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a\ 
well it is official , < PROPFIRST > starts daycare tomorrow .. 
well Blakes first day at daycare was a success , they said he is a great kid .. yay .. 
I wish heaven had a phone so i could hear your voice again .. i wish heaven had stairs so i could come and see you and hug you over and over again , You are sooo very missed Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , and so very loved ... 
yummy pizza , and some mozzerella sticks to go with it . 
smashed my thumb in the car door , ouch !! 
so me and < PROPFIRST > just chased the ice cream truck two blocks down the road before we caught him , for a one dollar snocone .. lol .. it was fun 
My poor little guy has been sick for a week now with a cough , but had no fever so the dr told me to give him claritin , that was a week ago , and now he is runnin a fever and has no appetite so i am taking him to the dr first thing in the morning . Poor guy 
< PROPFIRST > has bronchitis .. :( poor baby . But the antibioitcs should start making him feel better soon .. 
As much as these dogs annoy the hell outta me sometimes , i sure do feel safe with them around .. on another note , < PROPFIRST > is feeling much better , and he got his flu shot today . He is such a tough little guy . 
Had a Great night last night .. =) Starting back to school tomorrow , yay !!! 
sooo very sleepy .. 
going to < PROPMALE > e cheese today and the pumkin patch tomorrow .. 
my Great Grandfather , < PROPMALE > , he was a wonderful man , a wonderful husband , Father , Grandfather , Great Grandfather , and Great Great Grandfather , and a uncle , and great Uncle , and a great Preacher . He was diagnosed with lung cancer and had surgery to have 40% of his left lung removed . He passed away today . So please keep my family in your prayers .. Thank You 
had a great day , just nervous about my first day of clinicals tomorrow .. 
one day of clinicals down .... 
2nd day of clinicals down , this day was much better . Too Hillcrest tomorrow .. 7am .. I am pretty excited . 
today was my last day of actual clinicals , and i got an interview at Hillcrest on thursday . 
so i finished my CNA class with a 97.8% .. Pretty exciting . 
Taking my State test on the 16th , Interview tomorrow at Hillcrest , i am really excited and nervous for both !! 
I gotta 2003 nissan sentra today , four door .. I love it , and the fact that my insurance went down a little over 30 dollars is totally awesome , Thnk You for the car Momma and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
check out the video of < PROPFIRST > dancing . 
Passes my state test today !! Yay , i am officially a CNA . 
Aggitated !!! I dunno why !! 
I am < PROPFEMALE > o Happy to have a heater in my car , it is so cold . i am < PROPFEMALE > thankful for my car and for my parents for getting it for me . 
a few new pics in the new album , blakes outfit for his first school pictures , check em out !! 
guessin i am gonna have to try the whole boots with my jeans tucked inside them , no offense but f the skinny jeans on me , but i love the way the boots look and wanna try them . hmmm .. 
Bought Blakes Christmas presents today . Lots of cool stuff and for a good price . Yay !! 
Happy Thanksgiving All !! Have a Great One 
Black Friday is CRAZY !!! definitly an experience .. lol .. 2:45 am to 11:15 am .. Alot of people .. 
going to play laser tag ... 
thanks everyone for the birthday wishes !!! i appreciate all the love !! everyone have a wonderful day !! 
thanks so much everyone !!! I am feelin the love from you all and it has been a great day . 
once again , thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes .. you all made my day and thank you 
we are all just sitting here and my one year old nephew starts throwing up all over his mommy .. :( 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is ... While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her ... While you make your woman CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if ur against Domestic Violence 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! I hope everyone has a wonderful one !!! 
i had the worst stomach virus last night , till about 11 am or so today , and my tummy is still upset but at least the worst of it is over finally .. 
i sure hope i get this new job , bc day two of no job is driving me crazy already . 
i got the job . yay 
I survived my first week at the new job . Had a Great Night last night , went to the gym this afternoon , and now fixin to take my sweet little boy to see Tangled .. Life is Great . 
Happiness is beautiful !!! 
Because of you , I bet I even smile in my sleep 
Auburn won it !!! I wish I felt tired , i hate when i just cannot sleep . I feel like something is missing . :( But on the bright side , my day was wonderful and i just could not stop smiling all day long !!! 
yea , yea , yea , Whatever !! Guess i am gonna head to work and make that money !! 
Sitting here with the best lil guy ever , I love my son so much , he keeps me motivated . I am so excited about life , i just really wish time would slow down , he is growing up way to fast . 
so much on my mind , and nothing to say . 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , I love you , lol . Thank you for putting a smile on my face , that video was so funny and cute . I miss u !!! 
