Wants to sells stuffs on the < PROPMALE > lists ' and get moneys grr Careb 

its the little things in life that i wont forgive myself for doing 
wishing i had money 
MOO ...? 
Overwhelmed by the questions that have yet to be answered 
Feeling very METAL 
Moooo 
i have got to get out of here 
hit me up \ 
i want out of this house tonight 
crazy days :) yay summer 
ass maggots 
just got home , and now im more confused than ever 
BLEEEEHHH !!!! 
ASS MAGGOTS 
THANKS MOM 
gotta stop leavin my facebook signed in 
Frick 
< PROPFIRST > get out of my head lol 
having a bad day so far , but it is before noon :/ 
need to get out of this house 
why cant you see your ways are killing you 
someone please kidnap me :( 
someone should suggest an animal for me to draw ( you get to keep it ) 
Drawin a Bitchin unicorn for my bearded friend 
My picture for < PROPFIRST > is glorious 
grinding teeth at night endlessly 
door to door christians dont like new whitechapel as much as i do or my devildriver shirt\ 
sad day :] 
Negative and violent 
high expectations for today :) 
I though maybe someday the dreams would subside ... i couldnt be more wrong 
this day just keeps getting better ... 
In all honesty , how do you sleep ? 
Found some peace of mind :) 
having a really good day :) 
yea weekend :) 
bored , need to go somewhere :( 
got my phone rebuilt , but today has been none fun 
Brohax , when will you learn to not leave the book open . \ 
\ 
Ass Maggots . \ 
That is all . 
Cant wait till his birthday 
Boosh 
With these things theres no telling , you just have to wait and see . 
The new light of < PROPFEMALE > is discovered by ungreatful eyes .. 
This is pure fucking torment ... \ 
this is pure fucking hatred 
Bring down your fury like your scriptures document . \ 
Judge me , tell me i am not worthy for you ... 
BLEEEEH !!!! 
What does tomorrow have in mind for me ? Or am I even in its mind at all . 
This day will be mine ! 
YES :) 
That place in my heart , its you shaped . 
Fuck this life bereft of free will ... 
Sleepless nights ... 
We are the atom smashers , we do what cant be done . \ 
you are the baby killers , we will explode the sun 
Long ass day , only one thing i want to do but cant : l 
word vomit ... 
Worst day of my life 
We are swimming against the tide in this sea of shit 
Dear rainy day\ 
NOOOOOOO !!! 
Into the caverns of tomorrow , with just our flashlights and our love , we must plunge .. 
If humanity's heart still beats\ 
Take all their lives\ 
and black out the skies 
Dear neighbor , \ 
its not ok to start mowing your lawn with a push mower at 7pm even though you have a headlamp . 
I feel a conquering will down inside me 
... These days go by like trucks and trains , some hit so hard you barely feel a thing ... 
Um snow ? 
Big Giant ASS MAGGOTS ! 
FUCKING LOVES driving to class only to find that NOBODYS THERE 
is ready to rip your Fucking head off 
Calling shenanigans on fb for having subsettings on the English language option 
UGH foot itches but boot is tied on noooo 
The only way out is through 
