Where's < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? 

Work it Cox . Do work . 
raise yo fingers up if you're supposed to be doin ' homework .... yeah . 
when he came up to the window there was a sound of , a crescendo . OH 
Zombieland is tha shiznit . 
I can exercise you , this can be your phys < PROPMALE > . cheat on your < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPFEMALE > , thats how you get it ahizzead . 
it was < PROPFEMALE > yesterday , who screwed it up for today ? 
Chillin ' in Wellington , NZ 
about to go soak in some mud pools . 
come on ... no school ... come on 
friggin cancel it already ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkNYWO2fjCY 
still haven't considered doing chemistry 
i said ooh girl , shock me like an electric eel baby girl , turn me on with electric feel 
you've got to press it on you , you just think it , that's what you do baby , Hold it down . dare . 
Its all about the House music and it always has been . 
still haven't started ... 
Im a girl . I make fb groups about boys when i should be in the kitchen . <-- This . 
is it gonna snow on friday ? 
We're the three best friends that anybody could have , the three best friends that anybody could have . And we'll never ever ever ever ever ever ever leave each other . 
You ever eat a whole bag o ' crackers , that were so old that they weren't crispy anymore ... have you ever been ... as fuck . 
alabama hot pocket 
sleep . wake up . run my game . sleep . 
Don't be afraid , with the quickness you get laid , for your family get paid , it's the wrong way ... 
I pissed her off , great . 
I was a dental hygenist ! WORKIN ' ON DEM TEETH ! 
dayum that shit was tight ... 
I'm < PROPMALE > , bitch 
Bite is the thing most rappers do , yo I can write my own shit too , I can understand things most rappers say , ' Cause rappin ' is my thing and I do it every day , I'm the number one rapper yo , my name is Sven I can rap more raps than a superman can , So I'm the guy on your radio , also rockin ' to the rhythm in ster-e-er-e-o ... AND YOU DON'T STOP AND YOU WON'T STOP 
out in the streets , they call it murder ... 
slow mo , when the tempo slows up and creates that new , new , he seems alive though he is feelin ' blue , the sun is shinin man he's super cool , cool . 
too much homework argh - listen to ratatat instead 
Hello , is Indiana Jones there ? NO MOTHERFUCKA HE'S FAKE 
Kush is my cologne , ku-kush is my cologne , gone on that stupid strong 
I hate notecards 
' cuz when you look at me , I'll be digesting , your legs . 
There she lusted after her lovers , whose genitals were like those of donkeys and whose emission was like that of horses . - < PROPMALE > 23:20 
chickity-check yourself , before you wreck yourself . 
' Cause I've got friends in all the right places , I know what they want , and I know they don't want me to stay . 
where are you ? 
airsoft . 
stare at the < PROPFEMALE > , while you still can 
ayy , got my phone back . finally 
it's crunch time , term paper . 
one ... more ... < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Don't be such a jew . - my favorite bible teacher . 
get crunk 
I ain't happy , I'm feelin ' glad , I got sunshine in a bag , I'm useless , but not for long , the future is comin ' on . 
is everything going to work out ? Who knows . 
sup swon ? 
This goes out to you , and you , and you , and you ... 
it's the hard knock life , for us , instead-a treated , we get tricked , instead-a kisses , we get kicked . 
When I fly solo , I fly so high , I fly so high , Don't touch me now . 
black and white < PROPFEMALE > ? meh . 
Do you hear that ? Is that the sound of n o-o ne caring ? 
After school was fun ! =D 
Intense jam session in the morning today , eh < PROPFIRST > Box ? 
can't stand your loneliness , can't stand loneliness . 
19 days to go . 
airsoft all day ! 
I'm dead tired . 
I think I know you best when I sleep , I think I know everything . 
... And we all went to heaven in a little row boat . There was nothing to fear and nothing to doubt . 
airsoft at SSAIRSOFT , aye . 
Yesterday the sky was you , and I still feel the same . 
POOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is Beautiful . 
manchester orchestra , o'brother , and thrice KILLED IT . g'night folks . 
someone take me away from here , bored as fuuuuuuu- 
D+ in english . Term paper due tommorow . 2 pages done . 5 bad sources . Oh what have I done ? 
why are my eyelashes so damn long ? 
I was lost then and I am lost now . And I doubt I'll ever know which way to go . 
IV : XX - shit , I forgot my lighter . 
Ay swon ? 
NOIGEL THORNBURREH 
Bacon or beer can ? 
I wanna uppercut the pope . In the balls . And be yelling at the same time . 
< PROPFIRST > Woodard : KAGAMEeeeeEEEeeeeEEEee !!!!!!!!!!! 
mmm ... Winterfresh . Minty . 
Why is everyone sick ? Damnit . 
\I'm rounding up the troops of our generation . \"" 
My ears are ringing . 
Rawr ? 
laaaaaaazy sunday . 
< PROPFIRST > gang or beat off with sandpaper ? 
kush ' n orange juice . 
We are always running for the thrill of it , thrill of it\ 
\ 
Always pushing up the hill searching for the thrill of it . \ 
On and on and on we are calling out and out again , \ 
Never looking down I'm just in awe of what's in front of me . 
The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who \ 
never does anything . 
Kick it with the planes and it'll be your last flight . 
Ask me if you want to know the whole story . Otherwise you're missing out . 
would you trade your soul for gold ? would you trade your soul ? would you trade ... 
she's got a moist < PROPFEMALE > 
Yah trick yah ? 
truth or dare ? 
Noice noice ! 
Runnin ' in the rain 
behold ! the night mare ... rides on 
Just bought some water balloons . Aww yeh < PROPMALE > . 
oh shi- 
no phone = bored as fuck 
beats 
rj berger ? hell yeh 
finally got my damn phone back , hahaha 
Ain't it nice to have people that care for ye ? 
< PROPFIRST > coast 
drivers < PROPMALE > this week , gonna have a jolly good time . 
doin ' weird shit later tonight . cool beans ! 
touching my nipple fer fun 
learning stick shift . BADASS 
don't text and drive kids , otherwise Dr. < PROPMALE > will harass you on national television . 
wub wub wub , shuffle shuffle shuffle , wub wub wub 
No apologies ever need be made , I know you better than you fake it 
who's goin ' to the indian thingy in nashville on friday ? 
DEUTSCHLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND ! 
the pumpkins aren't coming to < PROPFEMALE > . sweet . -_- 
I think you're a contra ... yeah , that's it 
DEUTSCHLAAAAND ! 3-0 against < PROPFEMALE > ! Lmao 
Curren$y - This Ain't No Mixtape ... real smooth 
World cup final at Tin's house sunday ? 
no phone , no phun 
why is there a drunk chinese man doing push ups on my front lawn ? And why's he wearing lipstick ? 
MARS VS VENUSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
\Style is opinion of what you seek/so disregard thoughts what the next man thinks . \"" 
i <3 colab . 
i'm gonna buy a telescope and start stargazing . 
FINALLY got my phone back , after a month of torture 
\Y'all smoke to enjoy it . I smoke to die . \"" 
guess who's going to the jungle ?! oh wait ... nevermind . 
Don't forget yourselves , we've made up our minds , \ 
and we signed 3 , 4 , 5 on that dotted line ...! 
yeah soooo ... iphone . :D 
Watching meteors fall from the sky . 
If you live in the world of men , you may become a man . If you live in your own world , you will become yourself . 
Go outside . Now . 
is god responsible for love , or are we ? is it about helping people , or helping ourselves ? 
school's such a feckin downer ... 
Nuh : sorta like < PROPMALE > . 
don't forget yourselves , we've made up our minds , and we signed 3 , 4 , 5 on that dotted line ! 
where are you going ? can I come with you ? I just don't feel right , when you're not here . 
philosophical conversation : engage me in it . 
... Then Labor Day came and went , and we shed what was left of our summer skin . 
cross country locker room = swinging richards 
change starts with the man in the mirror 
ouch , you bit me . -_- it's an extra slow day folks . 
ADTR isn't coming to < PROPFEMALE > . -_- 
If any one of you is without sin , let him be the first to throw a stone . 
love is in the air , breathe deep . 
Would it be okay if I took your breath away ? 
what is it that separates us from animals ? whatever you want it to be . 
< PROPMALE > field trip + cross country meet = school skippage ? yehh 
\the XX : emo makeout music ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > White " 
XC homeys bummed me cash to get a shirt . i <3 them 
sometimes things get , whatever 
my friends come first , that's the bottom line 
fuck , I'm not 18 . 
Mega fail ? perhaps . 
I just wanna make some damned music so ... \ 
let . me . be . 
speak now , or forever hold your peace ... trick 
your way with words is through silence . 
I'm in deep ishh 
Open your mind before you open your mouth ! 
No school tomorrow ! oh wait . nevermind . 
what's with people constantly judging others before they meet them , or on their looks ? jesus effin christ ... facebook stalkin creeps . yeah I'm talking about you ... ha 
APUSHing me to kill myself because it's so damn boring ... 
Had fun at the XC banquet ! 
I think I'll play black ops today . \ 
gamertag : suprbaked 
< PROPFIRST > Addington is my hero ! 
I recieved an interesting call from ' blocked ' today at the end of 7th period ... :O \ 
what a creep . she sounded familiar though . ha . 
it's a rather strange world 
do you want some gooki gooki ? 
recorded over 2 hours of jams , but only 10 minutes got saved . aye sweet yeah ? 
i wonder what would happen if I made a status about < PROPFIRST > skrove 
light photography 
Woe is me was aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight 
hey guys , I'm sad , shower me with attention . )))))))))): 
Dude , I'm anti-studying right now , don't disturb me . 
yo , I wanna be a broadcast journalist ... ha 
I'd like to thank the devil inside for slamming so many doors\ 
But I thank God for opening so many more 
only on occasion , cuz my mind be racin , lost in my thoughts so my eyes be asian 
Imbibed a cusqueña with the ' rents in Peru . Sweeeet 
Behind every mask , lies a man , who can't live in his own skin . He lives by the flask , he bathes in his past , and he dies by his own sins . 
The Tundra 
If I peed my pants would you pretend that I just got wet from the rain ? 
... they might have the appearance of riches , but beneath the clothes , we find a man ... and beneath the man we find ... his ... nucleus . 
omgomgomgomg The Tundra tomorrow ! :O 
anybody wanna buy me 5 drum heads , drumsticks , and guitar strings ? pweeeeze ? 
< PROPMALE > Cheetah or Mr. Peanut ? Or perhaps Pink Panther ? Actually no , not the Pink Panther , < PROPMALE > Redenbacher . 
despite all my rage I am still just a rat in a cage 
Where in the world is < PROPFIRST > Sarris ? 
I LOVE ( most of the people from ) GACS . 
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff 
Acquired a fresh trim . 
They call holidays an option for a reason ... 
I really fucked it up this time , didn't I my dear ? 
I hate this town , it's so washed up ... 
Sometimes things get ... Ah fuck it . 
Two-headed boy ... 
omgwtfbbq 
Beware the Ides of March . 
May 25th : Manchester Orchestra and Cage the Elephant . Hoooooooly shit fuckyeah . 
Whoremoans are getting to me . 
I don't mean\ 
To seem like I care about material things\ 
Like our social stats\ 
I just want\ 
Four walls and adobe slats\ 
For my girls 
