Read my noteboard . 

Let's see how honest FB friends are ... Leave a ONE WORD comment that you think describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . This should be interesting . 
All that's left is the clean up ... can't wait tobe done tomorrow ... will b back on before the end of the week ... interent hook up scheduled this week . 
A sad day all around ... the loss of a loved one is never easy especially when you respect them so much . My prayers to the rest of the family . Also , My prayers to the families of the Lakewood police officers who are being laid to rest today . 
is 33 tomorrow ... hmmmmm ... what to do , what to do ??? 
Hate dial up can't play any of my apps because it's so damn slow .... when will we get with the times out here ... dsl stops less then a quarter of a mile from my house . What the ...? 
WOOHOO .... 6 months with no tv .... today we get satellite ! 
All enrolled in College today ... first day is the 29th ... a little nervous ... I feel old next to the kids I was enrolling with !!!! 
Did the whole midnight release of \New Moon\ " party with the teen queen ... who thought of this idea ??? Some sadistic 12 year old I am sure who just wanted to torcher their parents . " 
is Booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooard !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s birthday is done . Thanks to everyone who showed up . We all had a good time and was glad to see some of my old friends . 
Tired ... off to bed don't want to study anymore . I love Humanities , but I HATE tests !!! 
Got the lawn done yesterday , played in the water today , taking the daughter to find her 8th grade promotion dress tomorrow ... then maybe I will find sometime for homework ... I hope !! 
Did absolutely nothing today . Felt good ! Start a fresh week tomorrow ... will be mopping all the floors in the house and laundry ! I am excited !!! 
Rest in Peace .... my chihuahua < PROPFEMALE > died today ... I am very sad . 
My oldest promotes to high school on thursday ... she's excited ... I feel old all of the sudden !!! What happened to my baby girl ?? I love you < PROPFEMALE > and I am SOOOO proud of you . Promotion Ceremony 7pm thursday the 10 Onalaska Middle School for anyone who wants to attend . 
SO .... my dear < PROPFEMALE > promotes to High School this evening and I am so proud of her ! Where have the years gone young lady ... it seems like only yesterday I brought you home from the hospital and now your a beautiful high school freshman . I love you ! 
Bored bored bored ... never thouyght I would say this , but I can't wait for summer quarter to start !!! 
Bummer ... funeral tomorrow ! My husbands great uncle passed away . Can't wait for school to start on Monday ! 
Doctor's suck ! They never have anything good to tell you ! Everyone please pray for my husband . 
Just saw the most amazing thing ... the heard of elk that lives in our back 40 had babies today and we just watched the babies cross the road in front of our house ... it was awsome !! 
Why are teenage girls so damn mean ??? My daughter said the most hateful thing in the world to me and she doesn't even think I should be angry !! What is wrong with them ?? 
Why do some adults who have problems with other adults half to act like children and drag children into the problem instead of dealing with each other like adults and not dragging their kid and someone else's kid into the problem . Furthermore , when did it become someone else's problem with how I delt with a problem in my house that didn't involve their kid . PISSED if you can't tell . 
Ever notice how the people who complain the most about drama are the BIGGEST drama creaters of all ! I am laughing at you as I type this drama < PROPFEMALE > . It's really time to grow up and act your age ! 
Just got home from Leisure Time the pool was great and the company I had was even better . 
Great BBQ today ... wonderful company ... great food ( thanks to me ) and now I am enjoying a relaxing rest in my chair and a nice cold Coors Light ! Now who's gonna do the clean up cause it aint me babe !!!! 
It's so amazing when someone who you want to apoligize to you does . Thank you for being that thoughtful . 
It's so amazing when someone who you want to apoligize to you does . 
F'in ' irritated how can a school be so organized yet so unorganized ?! Once again screwed by the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
PISSED OFF ! Found out today that I have to pick up two more classes & finish them before the quarter is over in 4 weeks . On top of that , found out that 5 credits I took last quarter were useless & count for NOTHING !! Then , for all of you following my husbands health , he had a doc's appt today & we received more bad news . Whoever said lighting doesn't strike the same place twice was a damn fool or a liar !! 
Looking forward to the weekend ... maybe !?! 
Me : that's funny I don't care who you are ! Daughter : I am trying to convience myself it was terrible . Wait ... wait ... no it was frigin hilarious ! 
So , the weekend sucked other than the kids were here ! At least I know < PROPFIRST > was ... didn't see much of < PROPFEMALE > . Hopefully next weekend will be more exciting . 
Have to bottle feed my sons two kittens to feed , then off to bed for a short nap before I have to get up and get ready for school . I stopped having kids because I hated the late night/early morning feedings and now I do it for kittens ?? What the hell is wrong with this picture ? 
Why is it that the grass always looks greener from the otherside of the fence ? Is it the lighting ? Or my bad eye sight ? New job is great , school is ... well school , family is good , but there is just something missing ? I wonder what I lost or haven't found yet ! 
What a beautiful day ... worked today , now I am waiting for the husband to get here and we are going to meet up with some friends and bbq , swim , and fish at Leisure Time . Looking forward to having the next 2 days off from work . Cram session for homework tomorrow ... only 3 weeks left in the quarter . 
Another fantastic summer weekend over . Spent the weekend BBQing , fishing , and swimming with friends ! Had a blast and really good company . Tomorrow : housework and homework ... hmmm seems they both start with the same letter as hell ... I wonder if that is a coinsidence ? Then back to work and school on tuesday . Fun fun ! 
Me : \Tiana quit picking the grass out of the yard . \ " \ 
Okay ... think fast ! Post in the comments to this message one memory that we share together . Can't wait to see the trips we will be taking down memory < PROPFIRST > . Hope to hear from you all ! 
OK , say your driving down the road and all of a sudden a song comes on the radio that makes you think of me , what song is it and why ? 
Being miserable aint so bad ... unless your smart enough to realize it . Oh well ! It can't get any worse can it ?!? 
I was wrong . It does get worse ! I have failed as a wife according to the husband . I wonder how ? I have a job , he doesn't . I ask for his help around the house , I barely get it . I am sick of all the crap around here . And then on top of it all between a full time job , full time school , and the house work NOW I am being accused of having a boyfriend ! As if I have time . What's wrong with this picture ? 
After a shitty day at work yesterday ... I MEAN SHITTY ... I almost quit !! I had a nice relaxing day today hanging out with the family . Now tomorrow I will be all stressed out again because I didn't do any homework this weekend and only have 2 weeks left in the quarter ! Argghhhh ... why do I do this to myself !?!? 
The saga(drama ) that is my life is getting so old . Why can't anything just go like it should ?!?! He's bitchin ' again !!! WTF !!! 
Off too Algebra class and then to work . I am so excited I can hardly stand it . How long until Friday ? 
Soooo ... my daughter is running for Apple Harvest < PROPFEMALE > , in order to be < PROPFEMALE > she has to sell the most raffle tickets , they are $1 a piece , please support her in her endevors and let me know how many tickets you would like to purchase . Prizes include a guided fishing trip , a massage certificate , as well as many other great prizes ! Thanks in advance for your support ! 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > for dinner . Yummo ! Husbands blackberry just shit its turd for the fifth time . Damn you Nextel ! Another trip to < PROPFEMALE > just to fix the stupid thing . GRRRRR ! 
Got a new cell phone today ! Text me 360 304 0033 
So my final assignment for psychology was to write a gratitude letter , to who i ask ? Professer says to the woman who raised you thru high school is an idea . So for those of you who knew my crazy , alcoholic , grandmother you know how difficult that was . 
Last day of summer quarter ... woot woot ! 
Left Applebees ... had a drink ... excellent company ... they day sucked , but ended well ! Love you Facebook friends sleep well . 
Off to the dance at jubilee ... so excited ! 
Great time at jubilee ... great company to boot ! Thanks Alabama , < PROPFEMALE > , and Saria for joining my family there . Love you guys ! 
Finally feeling normal after last nights fun time at jubilee ... I now remember why I dont drink tequilla ... 
I know I may be a bitch , but I am the pick of the litter ! 
Damn right you love me , almost as much as I love me ! 
I stopped fighting my inner demons , we are on the same side now ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is selling tickets to be Apple Harvest < PROPFEMALE > in the Wild Life Building at the SW Washington Fair , come buy one and help her be < PROPFEMALE > !! 
At the fair selling raffle tickets for my daughter who is running for Apple Harvest < PROPFEMALE > . If your gonna be there come by the wildlife building & support her . 
At home ... still have raffle tickets to sell ... let me know if your interested in helping < PROPFEMALE > out . 
< PROPFEMALE > this is for you and baily ... hey friends i have friend whos young daughter is in critical condition at childrens due to a serious medical condition and she is really in need of everyones positive thoughts and prayers right now so please if you have it give it . Thanks ! 
Just left my daughters freshman bbq headed home to relax and get ready for my sons birthday party . He will officially be a teenager tomorrow . Two teens ... oh no ! 
Had a great day with son and his birthday party attendees ... thank you all for being here ! For those that were invited that didnt show you werent mised ! Oh and you wont be invited next time because you never show up for anything you 
Kid's go back to school tomorrow ... Jon to 7th grade and < PROPFEMALE > her first year in high school 9th grade ... I am nervous for her ! 
When does it stop ... they regulate the food we can send in our childrens lunches after the school supply list they give us all we can afford is peanut butter !!! 
Onalaska vs . Toledo football game ... woot woot ... go Ony !!!! 
End of 1st quarter ony 13 toledo 6 go loggers go !! 
End of 1st qrtr ony 13 toledo 6 go loggers go !! 
Half time Ony 27 Toledo 12 Go Loggers !!! 
End of 3rd qrtr ony 38 toledo 12 ... show that pride ony !!! 
Final score Ony 38 Toledo 18 woot woot ONY ROCKS !!!! 
is leaving < PROPFEMALE > with a new cellphone because the other one broke ... i like the new one better . 
is watching Cheaters ... people are soooooo dumb !! 
F *** ME !!!!! Hurrying to the car in the dark ... stepped in a whole and twisted my ankle !!!! At least we wont be late for my husbands job interview but it effing hurts !! 
Yehaw ... lost in Seattle ... my favorite !!! 
My fortune cookie from Safeway says , \A new relationship is about to < PROPFEMALE > . You will be blessed . \ " Hmmmmmmmm ........ " 
I had the most delicious dinner tonight and i made it myself ... stuffed zuchini ! Yumm-O ! Fry hamburger , onion , & mushrooms up add marinara or sphagetti sauce of your choice just enough to coat not soupy . Cut zuchini in half length wise scoop out guts fill with hamburger mix . Cover with grated parmasean cheese and bake at 350 for 30 minutes . It was awesome . 
Friday night football . Onalaska vs . South Bend 
End of first quarter Ony 8 SB 7 . 
Half time Ony 14 SB 21 . 
End of 3rd quarter Ony 20 SB 21 
Final score Onalaska 32 South Bend 21 . Go Onalaska !!!! 
Wf west vs lasell 35 33 
is remembering . To all members of the military : past , present , & future ... from my family to yours thank you for EVERYTHING you give up for and do to keep our country safe and free ! 
Home from family reunion ... was fun ! when did I get old my nephew is old enough to go in bars i remember when he was still eating buggers ... another one almost driving ... shit a year and and my oldest will be driving ... awwww the reflection where does the time go ?? 
Home from family reunion ... was fun ! when did I get old my nephew is old enough to go in bars i remember when he was still eating buggers ... another one almost driving . Shit a year & and my oldest will be driving ... awwww the reflection where does the time go ?? 
Husband is school busing home all the teenagers from < PROPFEMALE>'s BBQ ... 10 in all and damn can they eat ! It is so quite now will post picks in a day or so . 
Only 7 days left of my summer vacation ... can't wait for College to start next Monday ! 
Just saw my most favoristest professor ever and I am in two of her classes this quarter .... so excited only 4 days and school starts ... woot woot ! 
Why are men so effin ' stuborn when it comes to taking medication they know they need or going to the damn doctor when they know they need to do that to ! Grrrr .... husbands are pains in the ass sometimes ! 
\We can only be what we give ourselves the power to be . \ " -Cherokee Indian " 
First day of fall quarter tomorrow ... so excited i cant sleep ... now if i could just get rid of this damn sinus headache i would be fabulous ! 
First day of fall quarter ... first day of hubby's new job ! Got up with him cant go back to sleep ... jumped and ran part way down the stairs tripped over the dog slid the rest of the way down ... burned my head with the curling iron ... God I hope this isnt how its gonna go all quarter !! 
Breakfast with the hubby before school ... amazing ! A crisp fall morning ... refreshing ! Good morning to all my facebook friends . 
Ethics & Cultural Values class ... confusing . Lunch with Sariah at Berryfields ... amazing . Wish I could get a nap tho ' and I have algebra for the next 2 hours ... grrrr !! 
I like it on the stairs ! 
< PROPFIRST > is in the hospital at Centralia in pcu room 224 ... any questions call or text me at 360 304 0033 . Please pray for him . 
< PROPFIRST > update : He was released this morning from the hospital . His blood sugars and blood pressure basicly had an argument yesterday and that is why he ended up in the hospital . He has had a med change and the dr says this shouldnt happen again . Thanks to all for every thought and visit over the past two days . It was greatly appreciated . 
Teenagers everywhere ... glad i had only 1 girl ... homecoming dress shopping yesterday almost gave me grey hair !!! 
So my husband and i found a wild turtle walking down 508 today ... i caught him and brought him home ... now he needs a name ... any ideas ? 
is watching Real Housewifes and this dumb blonde just asked this girl if she spoke Canadian ... WTF !?!?!?!?! 
1 1/2 hors in the drs office 1 hr in the xray waiting room at the hospital and a you should have results in two weeks ... are you serious ? What if its fractured ? IDK says the tech ! 
Onalaska apple harvest coronation dinner tonight ... $5 for individuals $20 for family which includdes 2 adults and up to 5 kids starts at 6 at ONY Presbiterian Church . 
is on her way to the apple harvest parade . 
SO I posted a few pictures from Apple Harvest I will post more later ... check them out ! 
is getting 6 teenage girls ready for homecoming ... have i lost my damn mind ?? Then I cooked dinner for them and their dates ! I am crazy !!! 
One case of pop ... beatin ' ... more tears shed than I even knew I had ... and my < PROPFEMALE > and girls and their dates off to homecoming to beautiful to be my baby girl !! I feel very old today , but proud to have such a beautiful group of girls who look to me for support ! Thanks girls for needing me !! 
Spent from my busy weekend ... didnt want to get up this am to go to school ... all the Apple Harvest and Homecoming pictures are posted check them out !! PC4PC ;-} 
URGENT PRAYER REQUEST !!! PLEASE RE-POST !! < PROPFEMALE > SCOTT'S 22 MONTH OLD SON SHOT HIMSELF IN THE CHEST WITH A < PROPMALE > NAILER ~ IT WENT IN HIS HEART ~ HE IS NOW IN CRITICAL CONDITION AND NOT DOING WELL ~ NEITHER IS HIS MOM ~ PLEASE START A PRAYER CHAIN FOR THIS BABY ~ PLEASE COPY & REPOST AS YOU ...... WOULD WANT SOMEONE TO DO IT FOR YOU ~ THANKS 
Each day is a gift not a given right ! 
The United States is a nation of laws : badly written and randomly enforced . ~ < PROPFIRST > Zappa 
I believe that everything happens for a reason . People change so that you can learn to let go , things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right , you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . \ \ 
Why do some kids think when they break the rules threatening the one kid who knows the truth is acceptable ? < PROPFIRST > I know your scared but you did the right thing ... so proud of my 13 year old son . 
Pissing me off : When your \friend\ " makes their trivial issues(boy doesnt like me)seem more important then the real issues in my life( H.S. kid giving my 13 yr old son beer ) . Then when pulled out of a college class to deal with the issue ... they tell you its rude that your husband came & got you out of class . WTF ! My sons life matters more to me then ANY college class I take ! If you can't understand that don't be my friend . " 
Vegetarian : ancient tribal slang for the village idiot who can't hunt , fish , or ride . 
So what do you say when your teenage daughters best boy friend says I wish your mom was a MILF cuz she's already awesome and that would make her amazing ?? 
SOOOOO Excited !! I just found out I will be done at Centralia College after summer quarter 2011 ! By September I will be a student at WSU Vancouver , and I will only have to attend two days a week !!!! YEAH ... Law School here I come ! 
SOOOOO FREAKIN ' EXCITED !! I just found out I will be done at Centralia College after summer quarter 2011 ! I will walk for graduation purposes 06/12 and recieve my Associate of Arts Degree . In September I will be a student at WSU Vancouver !!!! YEAH ... and then Law School here I come ! 
I love Burn Notice !! Michael : if you can be good you can ride up front if not you stay in the trunk ! You gonna be good ? Guy in the trunk * nods * 
One of my oldest and best friends daughter is having < PROPMALE > surgery sunday and I can't be there for either of them cuz they are in Texas . They are true believers and have opened my eyes to many things ... please everyone include this family in your prayers ! Thank you ! 
What to do today ?!?! Have homework , but really feel like sewing ! 
Elk steak ..... mmmmmmmm !!!!! 
When everything falls into place ... why does shit hit the fan ? Why is it always me ? Why can't people just let me succeed ? 
I am headed to Washington State University in Vancouver today for a new student look around ... SUPER EXCITED !!! 
Trip to WSU-Vancouver went well ... will be spending most of Christmas Break filling out my application and scholarship forms . Praying for the full ride scholarship !! Wish me luck on the whole process . 
All registered for Winter Quarter ... 25 credits ... if I thought I was busy this quarter imagine next quarter . It will all be worth it in the end ... I must have faith ! Oh Yeah and prayers from all my friends ... and maybe a few enemys . 
Centria College delayed until 10am . Onalaska 2 hrs late ... why don't they just cancel school ? The roads are shitty out here , we were all without power for a portion of the night , is it really that important to be at school ? 
Onalaska school canceled 
Tired of being cold ! I can handle the snow , but the freezing wind is ridiculous ! 
After 4 days with NO I repeat NO heat in our truck ... today my WONDERFUL and AMAZING husband finally got the heater fixed today !!! I will have heat riding home from school ! 
Me : * throws cigarette butt on ground * Random Asshole : * standing in my yard * Don't throw that on the ground you'll start a fire . Me : * thinkin bout 18 inches of snow in my yard * Cuz snows so flamable ! RA : Yes ! Me : Dumbass ! 
I am thankful for many things ... being alive , my wonderful children , my husband , my family , the roof over my head , the food in my cupboards , the many friends who have touched my life , the amazing advisor I have at college , but most of all I am thankful for being alive ! What are you thankful for ? 
Thanksgiving down ... christmas next ... so excited !!! 
Does anyone know how to get a hold of whoever is in charge of my share of the universe ... ' Cuz I gotta bone to pick with them ? 
Let's play the #'s game ! Send me a #(1-400 ) in my inbox and I will post it with the number and a comment about you . No one will know who its about except you . 
#41763813658136583168136816321467589024772457147 . 73 you think outside the box and always build your own unique path and that is what makes you so special in my eyes . Oh yeah and you don't follow the rules very well ! Luv u Texan ! 
#222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222222 you are an amazing lady that even tho ' I once scared the piss out of you , you still managed to stay one of my best friends . We can go months without talking and always pick up where we left off . Love ya ! 
#69 I am not suprised you picked this number .. fits you perfectly ! Anywho you were always a great friend to me in high school , and I am glad we have reconnected . 
36 ... I really like you , but I think at times you don't think thru the things you say and do , or how they effect you and others emotionally . Never-the-less I still love you ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my facebook friends and family ! Have a great holiday and don't forget my birthday on monday ... Not asking for gifts just a happy birthday wish ! 
Back at College ... so busy and its only the second day of the quarter ... Oh well it will be worth it in the end . 
So ready to sleep in Saturday morning ... it has been the most busy week of my life so far and I am exhausted and have a ton of homework for the weekend ! 
I have removed myself from the game world on facebook ... I will miss you farmville , frontierville , and all the others , but I no longer have time for you because college is much more important ... I will return someday ! 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the fucking face . 93% of people won't repost this . Why ? Because they most likely need a punch in the face .... 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC < PROPFEMALE > N !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under God , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this and not care about offending someone 
I want you to comment on this status aout how we met ! But I want you to lie ! That's right lie ! Make stuff up . After you comment copy to your status so I can do the same . Let's see how creative our friends are ! 
What a long and stressful weekend ... not nearly ready to be at school today . 
Thank God my husband is back at work ... I am really happy for him . The only thing that sucks is he's working night shift and I never realized how old and creepy my house was until I was alone in it at night . Cooking for one sucks too ! 
Can't sleep ... eyes to tired to read to do homework ... wtf ?! Grrrrr ... I need a massage to help me relax ... my husband is snoring away ... he sucks !!! 
