It actually snowed here yesterday . It's not even October 15h yet and it snowed . This is Illinois . There are no mountains , and it's not Montana ... what the ?? 

< PROPMALE > is humid . Quite a change from the snow back home over the weekend . 
I think I want to quit my job as an engineer and become a home construction contractor ... then I can blow off my job , not show up to work , and ignore those pesky , annoying homeowners who actually think I'm going to finish the last 15% of the job .... what a life ! By the way ... don't hire my contractor .... 
Is very content this Christmas 
First , < PROPFEMALE > loses my bag , then they tell me its in Wilmington ( I was never in Wilmington ) , then they say it will be delivered by noon today ... I flew Friday ... now they say they are still trying to find it ... Uhhh .... COME ON !!! I mean ... there was a Picasso in there !! You saw it , right ? 
I want a smaller government that will not charge me any taxes but give me everything I want every time I want it exactly when I want it . I am the American People . It's all about me ... and whatever people on TV tell me . 
The world needs more flying motorcycles with mini-missiles ... http://dailypop.files.wordpress.com/2009/08/megaforce.jpg 
I'm tired of this outage already ... the core's reloaded ... who needs a startup plan ?? Let's kick the tires and light the fires !! 
And with the flip of a switch and the mashing of a few buttons , 120 tons of steel start to spin , forced from its slumber by the reactor transforming a million pounds of water per hour at 920 pounds of steam pressure ... signaling the beginning of the end of the refueling outage . Yay . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head ,... but we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
is wondering why does Congress cares about Facebook when we have a trillion dollar deficit , a 13 trillion dollar debt , troops getting shot at , and an American workforce collecting unemployment instead of producing goods ? Huh ? 
Marketing Tang in < PROPFEMALE > .... the jokes just write themselves sometimes ... http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/36852847/ns/business-businessweekcom/ 
thinks the last thing he needs is a left handed monkey wrench 
has never met anybody from Wyoming . I don't think it exists . 
finally bought a wireless connection for his XBox360 ... now I can waste time playing Galaga together with friends I have never met in Ecuador .... 
I just read that people with gout should avoid drinking beer .... suddenly , my toe feels MUCH better ... 
feels sorry for all the children of divorce that get caught in the middle of stupid arguments between their parents ... and the parents who have to deal with ex-spouses who don't know how to behave like adults . 
is pondering the immortal words of Socrates who said .... \I drank what ? \"" 
may be going to Hell in a bucket , baby ... but at least I'm enjoying the ride !! 
Where would this country be without this great land of ours ? - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
is selling this space for money to buy a sandwich 
When we ( < PROPFEMALE > ) get mad , we blow stuff up . When we celebrate , we blow stuff up . This isn't acceptable in an 10 year old , why should it be as a nation ? I think we need a collective \time out . \"" 
is TNT . I'm dyn\o\ " mite " 
heard that everybody is Kung Fu fighting ... but just wants us all to get along 
is not the Droid you are looking for . 
will return after these messages . 
thinks he may have Mad cow Disease .... \Moo Dammit ! \"" 
wonders how he got here . 
woke up this morning and the sky was yellow . I wonder if I could have seen the sun if it would have been blue ? Damn . Now I'm going to spend the day sunshine daydreamin ' ... 
refuses to get jiggy with it . 
is sitting in the Detroit Airport at 9am on a Sunday . Apparently , Michigan will not serve beer on Sunday's until noon . This SUCKS Beavis 
Philadelphia ... they're not really big Cubs fans here 
closing down from meetings in Philly ... time to hit the train for vacation with the family in DC ... yeehaw ... 
Visited the Natural History Museum at the Smithsonian today ... all those 65 million year old fossils God planted there to distract us from the truth of creation seem like such a waste ... 
Vacation's over ... back at work ... * sigh * 
Unit is back online and I'm no longer on call ... I am serisouly looking forward to beer : 30 
so ... with the roller coaster ride that has been my work-life over the past week , I now have no plans for the big one year anniversary this weekend . I humbly open the floor for suggestions .... 
Reservation at the Chicago Hyatt ? check . Tickets for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > the Musical ? check . First anniversary with my friggin awesome wife saved ? check 
has left the building .... or has the building left him ?? 
sometimes I think I'm a Cadillac ... when I'm really just a T-model Ford ... 
How to solve the unemployment problem : Lower the Social Security Age to encourage/enable people to actually retire and open up their jobs ... genius ... I know . 
It is amazing how nothing can bring back the emotion of September 11th like trying to explain it to a child ... 
found a fun new website today \Nerd Approved\ " it's almost as cool as \ " Think Geek\ " but it does have some different stuff ... I need the black hole coffee table ... or the \ " Trek\ " fish to put on my truck ... " 
GO BEARS !!!! and since I'm also a Washington fan ... I have to love that < PROPFIRST > is at an 0-2 start .... 
FINALLY ..... DISH has upgraded to have locals in HD in the Quad Cities ... just had the actual DISH dish changed out and re-aimed and I'll be able to see < PROPFEMALE > , NATURE , and NFL in 1080p .... woo-freaking-hoo 
thought things were getting better . Boy was I wrong .... * sigh * 
GO BEARS !!! The only undefeated team in the NFC .... 
We have to ask ourselves , what direction do we want this country to go ? Do we invest in our people , in our middle class , our infrastructure , our education system , and clean energy—or are we just going to keep on doing the same things that got us into this mess in the first place ? 
Sitting @ Pints in Iowa city waiting for yonder mountain string band to start ... nice Friday 
Is going to help setup for a Halloween party ... and then decide what to do tonight ... cards ? beer ? BBQ ? music ? give me a shout if you're up for something .... 
OK ... I give up ... I don't care where you like it ... but the fact that everybody's sharing this info means there's either a virus or some M Knight Shaymalan movie is coming to life ... 
Bears and Redskins both are $1 in their divisions .... lovin ' it .... 
Best quote of the day .... \I didn't come here to pinch off a loaf of sunshine . \"" 
< PROPMALE > is literally bouncing off the walls ... and I feel like crap ... can I just stick him on the treadmill and say \GO ? \"" 
ok .. beat Rainbow 6 : Vegas and Force Unleashed this weekend ... time to get another cheap , old game for Daddy to play when < PROPMALE > isn't around .... Bioshock , Fallout 3 , or Fable 2 ? 
Cowboys are beating the Giants ... strange ... even stranger ... the transformer at the new stadium is smoking and the whole stadium is in blackout ... LOL 
Arlo Guthrie will be in the < PROPFEMALE>'s parade this year ... I wonder what he'll sing ? 
Don't forget ... on Thanksgiving , forget < PROPFIRST > Sandler ... listen to the ORIGINAL Thanksgiving Anthem .... < PROPFEMALE>'s Restaurant ... and then good luck lookin for a place to put the garbage .... 
hmmm .... to all those that say the Bears aren't for real .... 31-26 ... Bears beat Eagles .... respect it 
is helping < PROPMALE > with homework this morning ... I never knew the story of Uncle Fox , aunt Fox , and Uncle Tiger . I like this book ... it's called Tricksters ... to those in the know , there IS a story about a squirrel .... hmmmm ... 
Go Bears . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > would have had the record long ago if teams would kick to him ... 
in the credits for ' A Christmas Story ' they list Flash < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > the Merciless .... where in the HELL are Flash and < PROPFEMALE > in this movie ??? 
may goal for today : growler of Rogue Dead Guy Ale ... yum 
If you people down south are going to get all excited about snow , you should prepare ATL to handle it better ... costing me 7 hours today to reroute through Detroit 
is tired of people pissing on me and trying to call it rain ... 
is ready 
just found out that the POS contractor who built our addition and wouldn't return calls because of his \brain tumor\ " has skipped the country to Honduras ... " 
migraine gone ... ow ... wow ... glad that's over ... but I still feel bruised somewhere mentally ... 
time for something new ... 
OK ... it'll be a few months before I'm qualified in my new job , so I can slough off !! Where should I go on vacation ?? ( cast your votes now ) 
Ok ... i have replaced my phone , but don't recognize < PROPFIRST > ... send me a message with your contact info so I know who you is ... 
sending off my complaint to < PROPFEMALE > Madigan ... Illinois Attorney General ... if you've been screwed by DirecTV , make sure you do the same !! \ 
www.direcTV.com/ag 
* SNOWFALL TOTALS ARE EXPECTED TO RANGE FROM 8 TO 12 INCHES FROM\ 
TUESDAY AFTERNOON THROUGH WEDNESDAY . LOCALLY HEAVIER\ 
AMOUNTS ... AS HIGH AS 12 TO 15 INCHES WILL BE POSSIBLE SOUTHEAST\ 
OF A LINE FROM KEOSAUQUA IOWA THROUGH MONMOUTH AND PRINCETON\ 
ILLINOIS . 
keller < PROPMALE > at Park West , Chicago ... next weekend ... life is good 
A WINTER STORM SYSTEM WILL DEVELOP TUESDAY AND MOVE NORTHEAST INTO THE OHIO RIVER VALLEY . THIS WILL SPREAD SNOW ... HEAVY AT TIMES . HEAVY SNOW ACCUMULATIONS ARE POSSIBLE . THE GREATEST SNOW AMOUNTS APPEAR MOST LIKELY ALONG AND SOUTHEAST OF A LINE FROM FAIRFIELD IOWA THROUGH THE QUAD CITIES ... TO < PROPMALE > ILLINOIS ... WHERE WIDESPREAD AMOUNTS FROM 12 TO 18 INCHES ARE POSSIBLE WITH LOCALLY HIGHER AMOUNTS 
to plow , or not to plow ... that is the question ... whether tis better to remove the first layer such that come morning the driveway is less deep , or take heed in the warm house and wait until the storm is passed to begin 
I wonder if there's anybody at work aside from the shift ? 
Keller < PROPMALE > starts in five minutes .... currently watching all the freekers by the speakers getting anxious 
decided not to take a cruise ... Cancun here we come !!! ( mas cerveza , por favor ) 
