being sick sucks 

I have a very bad feeling about this 
Only 7 more days ! 
Headaches suck ! 
I fear for the freshmen teachers at the start of next year . 
To Upward Bound we go ... tomorrow . 
I didn't notice how tired I was until I got home .. then passed out for an hour ... 
gah ! bug bites suuck ! 
UB is over and done\ 
Through the right it was a lot of fun ... did i seriously just rhyme ? 
Easily more than 1k in fireworks , about 600 for destroyed property , and a few dozen burns on more than 4 people . It was a good Fourth Of July ! 
Well , I'm in < PROPMALE > living with Chippy , and its pretty boring . 
Back home and ready for a nap . 
I finally got the much needed hair cut . 
Something just hit my window ... I am kinda paranoid now ... 
Gamer is a funny movie . 
I am going to go insane trapped in this house . 
Going down to < PROPMALE > next friday thru sunday . 
I have a strange urge to watch Avatar again ... 
My headache just got much worse . \ 
I just saw the trailer for the < PROPFIRST > movie ... 
I'm back in Scottsbluff . 
The lake was really fun today , and it was good seeing my friends . 
I feel like a huge nerd now . \ 
I just pre ordered halo reach . 
Can't wait for school to start monday . 
I love using Cleverbot.com\ 
The < PROPFEMALE > is funny . 
Saw the knew laser cutter the school's drafting program got . It looks awesome and I can't wait to use it . 
A rock just hit my window ... Isn't the first time ... I'm scared ... 
http://www.funnyjunk.com/funny_pictures/356076/Surviving+the+World+1/\ 
I would really like to recommend this to a few people ... 
Just got back from the Badlands , it was pretty sweet . 
It is done ! I finally finished getting all of my sister's stuff out of my car ! 
KickAss is the most awesome movie . \ 
Ever ! 
Badlands again today , pretty fun ... really sore now though . 
Thanks for all of the happy birthdays everybody ! 
My friends are the best ! 
woop woop woop woop woop woop woop ! 
asdf movie on Youtube is the best thing ever ... its hilarious ! 
Reach is tomorrow ! 
Never would have realized how easy a problem is to solve from a different point of view . 
How did we meet ? ( copy this as ur status and see who remembers ) 
Youth group was totally worth it , and it always is . 
my tech voodoo has brought the sega to life ! 
I hate milkshakes ... Die milkshake Die ! 
Youth group was great , could go without the headaches though . 
Its funny , First they tag the school , Spell ' Bulldogs ' wrong , and then they lose . 
Next time I should log off so < PROPFEMALE > won't get on my account ahahahaha 
Yes ! I finally got it ! I got World War Z ! 
Do we have school tomorrow ? 
Too . Many . Small . Children ! 
I'm starting to think that I get into games waaay too easy . 
Being sick sucks ! 
Making some Tortellini , yum ! 
Scarfs . My new worst enemy . 
This entire familiy is just plain Psycotic .! 
My Xbox is back ! Now I can just sit back and just be lazy for the weekend ! 
Never have I seen a light that could boil water ... I now consider myself educated .... and in pain . 
Another good day working lights . No burns ! Plus I got to see < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I don't think that I have ever wanted to watch a movie as much as I do Tron . 
Spending the night at JT's . 
A < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a good night ! 
I now have a very very nerdy corner in my room . 
I think that auditions went well . Or rather , I hope that I did well . I'm going to go again tomorrow , more for my friends than for me . 
Tonight was a good night , minus < PROPFIRST > clawing into my arm . lol 
Duke Nukem Forever is coming out in May .... I want the game ... 
The kinect is physically draining , but fun . 
Hail To The < PROPMALE > ! 
This weekend is a gaming weekend . 
Yay ! Packers ! The only problem now is last period on Tuesday , < PROPFIRST > Miller and I are going to get killed . 
The Cat goes Meow\ 
The Dog , Ruff\ 
And Necromorphs go RAHDGRAWLFRAFDSAFWAARG 
While I was talking to a friend from elementary school ... I realized that I barely remember anything past sophomore year ... 
I am insanely hyper . I don't know why , or care ... I'm enjoying it . 
Just got FNV and Oblivion ! I feel like a huge nerd ... 
I managed to hurt myself at the < PROPFEMALE > carnival ... twice ! 
Bandaids freakin hurt ! 
Cloverton was amazing ! 
Fixed the PS2 ! 
The public schooling system is like communism . It looks good on paper , but then it sucks everywhere else . 
You should wash his mouth out . With pain . 
