The < PROPFIRST > has passed . The books have been closed . 

has an iPhone , and poison < PROPFEMALE > . 
40 hours awake and I didn't pass out before the most recent round of medication kicked in . 
went to sleep after 44 hours up . 
is god's gift to egotism 
Is it weird that I want to change my Facebook user name to the Fibbanaci sequence ? 
if I get to brooklyn can I go to sleep ? 
fml 
Went to sleep at 2:30 am , his alarm went off at 1pm , seven hours later he stopped hitting snooze and got up . 
No one wants to hear the truth . We just want people to respect us enough to never let us catch them in their lies . 
hates moving with a passion . 
Tried to crop his own hair . When the trimmer died he ended up shaving his head . 
Leaving indiana for two weeks 
Is theoretically online but not finished making his room livable . yay for spelling errors . 
Is eager for classes to start so I can show people what a liberal arts education should look like . Downside is I need to wait a week . 
Stupid east coast west coast time difference . I wanted to be up before noon . 
Stands a good < PROPMALE > of being bored after work tomorrow and might not might a phone call . 
Going to take care of a dog . Leave a message or contact via cell . 
Hates the meat department at Giant Eagle . 
Sunday is my day of dorkdom . Boffer fighting in the Oakgrove followed by table top RPG . Now to sit back and watch my friend list dwindle . 
First day of classes down . 
Needs to get a C clamp to make his laptop work right again . Jury rigging it with his clamp light is not going to cut it . 
Wish me luck on my auditions for WIUP tv tomorrow . 
The ACLU reminds us of something we should have known all along : Information you place on the internet is not actually private regardless of what your privacy settings are . If you wouldn't cop to it in a non-virtual public setting don't put it in your status , or on your wall , or for that matter upload a picture of it . Good night and good luck . 
is weary 
Issues a challenge : prove to my satisfaction that the outside world ( in whole or in part ) exists now or has existed in the past . 
Sodium Lights transforms isolated streches of streets to burnished brasses and bronzes ; Whispered sursurrations of tires , sliding sensuously over rain slicked asphalt ; Stark city skyline , studies of sepia , sigils sinuously sketched across < PROPFEMALE > spheres . 
So has anyone else noticed you know longer see people's status in fb chat or did I do something stupid on my own ? 
Forecasted weather for tuesday : Raining , High of 50 , Low of 48 . Wedesday : Raining , High of 51 , Low of 42 . Indiana ends out September by reminding that nature hates us . 
oops . 
Biblical Hebrew makes me want to cry 
if we don't have dreams they can't be shattered . 
June 4 1070 - Roquefort cheese created in a cave near Roquefort , < PROPFEMALE > That explains so much . 
GREs in the morning . 
740 verbal 500 quantitative 
Socraigh do phríomhtheanga agus brabhsáil Facebook i do rogha teanga . 
\Imposta la lingua principale in cui visualizzare Facebook . \ " Ok here is how this game works . When some one correctly states the language contained in quotes at the beginning of my status or when a week goes by I will pick a new language and quote and the fun begins again . " 
New round , new language , new saying . Benutze den Kontaktimporter um Freunde zu finden , < PROPMALE > denen du nicht wusstest , dass sie bei Facebook sind 
new round new saying new langauge ,?? ??????????????? ????? ??????? ?? ?????? ???? ????? ????? ????????? ???? 
Why do I owe the University $87 ? 
45 minutes attempting to register for a class just for the computer system to tell me I have a scheduling conflict . I hate URSA , which is a really stupid name for the computer system since we got ride of the dumb bear . Hawks are raptors not ursii . 
To all the people that got spammed when my account was hacked rest assured that I am slowly getting around to cleaning the filth it caused off of your wall . Or you can do it yourself that may be faster . Also I don't say \U\ " or \ " PPL\ " and I tend not to use \ " WOW\ " in sentences . " 
is going home for thanksgiving today , friday 20 Nov . 
Will be Honest for the next 24 hours . You can ask me 1 question only , in my INBOX . Any question , no matter how crazy . You have my full honesty , but I dare you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get . ( you get until this time tomorrow . ) 
Live proformance always makes me realize I could be better . That said I didn't do to badly tonight . 
has a < PROPMALE > . It is both the most wonderful and most infuriating thing . 
has started to realize how much he has let slip away from himself . 
Headed south for the weekend . 
Did you know : breastfeeding reduces a mother's chances of getting breast cancer ; the longer she nurses , the lower her risk . It also helps her daughter reduce HER risk of getting breast cancer . Please help spread the news and save lives by posting this today instead of the color of your bra ! 
Has nothing pithy to say at quarter after two in the morning . 
Sleep then waking up to packing to head back to the I N D I A N A . 
Two years of my life is locked up in my non-responsive < PROPFEMALE > . Further I can't put my new music on my iPhone or I loose what little of the music I still have . F.M.L 
First day of classes . Class isn't until 2 . It's almost a shame I said I would work before class . 
Why do young women keep wandering down church street with out a clue where they are ? The most recent one was given direction due to my curiosity about the state of the snow storm . Important life lesson when drinking know where the heck you are . 
Fimbulwinter !!!! 
What do I do on < PROPFIRST>'s day ? Order delivery from < PROPMALE>'s Pizza of course . 
UMMM sorry to anyone that gets caught in a deluge of news feeding about me joining a bunch of groups . I just had to do it . My only regret is I can only belong to 300 groups at a time . 
4am wtf ? I should really sleep before let's say 2 one of these nights . 
I tried to go to sleep an hour ago . Obviously it's not working . 
Rolled my ankle today so back to the cane for a couple of days I guess . 
So apparently my ankle is broken not just sprained . I hate the crutches already 
For those following the saga of my ankle I got another equipment upgrade today . It's a boot so I can actually walk sorta like a normal person rather then looking pimp on the crutches . 
There are eight steps between the Tacoma Narrows Bridge and wet T-shirt contests . I thank Wikipedia and xkcd for the inclination to figure this out . 
While I'm alone blue as can be . . . 
has rediscovered his love of Nouvelle Vague . There is most certainly something to be said for a french chateuse singing blister in the sun . 
Attention my performance interested friends . THE PITTSBURGH RENAISSANCE FESTIVAL’S 16th CENTURY CASTING CALL AUDITIONS for MUSICANS , ACTORS AND ACTRESSES ! 2010 OPEN Auditions : Sunday April 18 , 2010 : 9AM – 5PMSeton Hill University Performing Arts Center 
is the only one in the house that has internet . Yay for voodoo IT and it only costs me one black rooster a month . 
ah random drunk girl screaming in the alley about some guy surely you are the image of your generation . 
You ever have one of those days where you want to kick a puppy ? 
I really need to start eating dinner before midnight . 
Opening night of my one acts . I will punch anyone that tells me to break a leg . 
12 hours of sleep how I've missed you . Now to run errands and then get ready for cast call in three and a half hours . 
Both my first and last semesters have been blessed with a random frat guy with a machete . 
what the ?!?? Why am I violently ill all of a sudden ? 
\respect to each in their due measure . \"" 
you try to be who they wanted you to be and in the end you question who you are . 
The way pages are set up now make for some amusing reading . One friend likes not working another likes being naked . 
Last final time ! 
it's a real pain in the ass when you're not qualified for the jobs you are most qualified to do . Perhaps I should accept it and go be a mechanic there's no shame in that job . 
Five hours . 
And now to pack and get out of the I N D I A N A for the almost last time . I don't live here any more . 
We teach mixed martial arts in the name of Jesus . 
Ah how easily a night's sleep becomes a four hour nap . 
Summeeeeeeeertime , time , time , time , child and your living is easy . 
Way to go ke for starting my walk back from my new place just before the down pour started . 
In case you all have forgotten how badass I am I just got stuck in an elevator and managed to free myself using only the childsafety from a lighter . 
Wait for it . . . 
Oh , So apparently I am not going to sleep today ? 
Yay naps ! Now since I've slept and my birthday is over thanks for all the well wishes yesterday . 
This is the way we wash the dishes , wash the dishes , wash the dishes , This is the way we wash the dishes , so we can eat of them . 
I just realized I'm starting to go a little stir crazy in new place . Anyone in the Burgh want to anything next week ? 
I have pudding . 
there needs to be a punctuation < PROPFIRST > for finger quotes . 
\yay my sleep schedule is off again . \"" 
Things I did not expect to see in the hallway outside my door at 1am : A tabby cat . 
I have a friend that is interested in purchasing a spinning wheel . Any one out there have any leads on tracking a working one down ? 
Yay for bad timing ! Leaving the store in the middle of a down pour that started to let up two blocks from home . . . 
30 some hours awake , no real food in the past couple of days . Turns out the reason I have no appetite is because the heat has made me sick , and now that I have eaten I'm miserable . Miserable and exhausted . 
Bored . . . 
I have pickles and cans of tuna . I have mayo and onion and paprika . I have all the things I use to make tuna salad but one . \ 
\ 
I don't own a can opener . 
Nothing like a planned power outage to complicate my life . 
Odd how when you request $20 in quarters from the bank they know that it's laundry time . 
Somewhere right now , a nurse is getting yelled at for being late with meds , holding their bladder because they have been so busy they can't get to the bathroom . Right now , a nurse is being puked on , pooped on , bled on and is missing their family while taking care of yours . In the minute it took you to read this , nurses all over the world are saving lives . Re-post if you are a nurse , love a nurse , or APPRECIATE one . 
Just got back from a wedding soaked in sweat and with skinned knees . 
I hurt in opposite corners of my body . 
Nothing spells fun like contagion ! 
Woooooooooo more work starting tomorrow ! 
Picked up some , cleaned the shower and sink now to reward myself with a Firefly marathon . 
Three nights in a row I say to myself \I'm tired I'm going to go to sleep early tonight . \ " Three nights in a row I am still up at least an hour after I say that . " 
Best cubical mood music : great big sea , chemical worker . 
F.M.L. 
Travel from 0710-2140 . 14 and a half hours on the move and now I'm finally home again . 
No longer wants abstract sympathies . Pretty words have yet to fix anything . 
Sleep or getting call of duty at midnight release ? 
Yeah sleep is for the week give me two and a half hours in line for a video game who needs a social life on a tuesdaynight ? 
In the tradition of us both failing to see the need for surprise christmas gifts my mother has informed me that I will be graced with two tickets to see the Pens play the Caps on New Year's day . 
\In the spirit of giving this holiday season 
Loosing my voice . When I cough I can taste the sickly sweet taste of infection . 
Well I tried to make it Sunday , but I got so damned depressed that I set my sights on monday and I got myself undressed . I ain't ready for the alter ... 
To those interested . \ 
I have decided to hold an essay contest to see who gets to go to the Winter Classic with me . \ 
points of judgement will include . . . \ 
level of fandom , why you are the perfect companion for an outdoor sporting event , and why should I want to take you in particular 
How did it get to be Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ? 
For those of you that have been anxiously awaiting the results of the essay contest I have decided on a winner . < PROPFIRST > Burns wrote the winning essay and fittingly also happens to be the who convinced me to move to Pittsburgh in the first place . 
I feel lik < PROPMALE > in Clerks . 
You can pry my old style profile from hands as soon as you get those kids off my lawn Facebook . 
I took the AD&D Stats Quiz and got these stats :\ 
STR : 9\ 
INT : 17\ 
WIS : 15\ 
DEX : 13\ 
CON : 8\ 
CHR : 8\ 
Take the quiz yourself at http://www.KevinHaw.com/add_quiz.php 
Copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then please still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ? ? ? ... for crap's sake don't forget the hearts ! ? ? Thank you ... 
I'm frustrated with people and life in general . 
Why won't my brain just shut up and go to sleep ... 
I feel bruised and battered . 
Who wants to guess how long it will be before I get my sleep schedule back to normal pos t-t ime change ? 
