I like really like my friends 

You guys should look at my vampire picture found to the left of this post . My eyes are normally blue but I made them bright topazy ! 
YCL evaluation at the stake center at 6pm today Wednesday and * caugh * can anyone give me a ride that lives near me anyway ? 
im at summer school with my friend Sibo right now . Yay for learning ! 
just went to a dance sooo awesome !!!!! 
I like totally MiSS a bunch of people right now : you know who you are <3 
I got some New shirts at < PROPFEMALE > Russe-thank you mom . : J 
Ive now been to LODO lower downtown and i spent the afternoon at the 16th st. Mall after getting very lost but taking some fantastic photos of < PROPMALE > , very interesting architecture . 
It's my Birthday and I was born at 10:55 I spent my day in a very relaxing fashion no one let me lift a finger , < PROPFEMALE > let me win all the games , and I took a very long nap . So my birthday was made wonderful and special by the wonderful special people in my life including all of you guys . You really made my DAY ! Thankyou . 
Heck Yes me and < PROPFEMALE > my amazing cuzin in law are now Friends on facebook !! 
im sitting in the car going to pick < PROPFEMALE > up for a swim , and theres a water bottle on the floor thats literally burning my foot ... thats messed up 
Dinosaurs and Zombies are the scariest things in my head !!! -- and no ... I did not mean * in my opinion . 
moving my stuff up to mesa today ... seeing a movie- not sure which . and I really wanna go swimming ! 
I am very sad to leave my safford family ! They've been so good to me and I love them . :'( 
La Camarata is the best thing in my life right now !! No offence to all the other best things in my life . I love school , but My back doesn't . I'm still SMILEing !! 
I don't think performing arts is my thing ... at least Auditioning for them sucks ! What ever happened to volunteering ? If that's all it took then I'd be the first person in . 
I feel so happy I might cry and it's Sunday so I think I can get away with it . My \Cuz\ " is leaving on his mission . Hallelujah ! " 
Let's go D-backs let's Go ! Went to my first pro baseball game yesterday . I love my LaCamarata peeps ! 
Three blonde friends died together in a car wreck . They found themselves standing in front of the < PROPFEMALE > gates with St. < PROPFIRST > . He told them that before they could enter heaven , they had to tell him what Easter was about . 
Sorry NM Wish I was there !! Stupid ACT , and Homecoming . Shh ... don't tell my date or the test , otherwise it will give me a bad score . Love You Family . Special Shout out to my Cuz < PROPFIRST > for being such a great example and fulfilling his calling from the Lord . Your going to be great . Hugs . 
Happy Happy Happy Halloween ! -- hmm is this obnoxious ? Oh well Happy happy happy ... jk . 
* squeels * I'm Seeing < PROPMALE > Potter Tonight !!! Oh yeah :DDDDD 
Yay ! Tomorrows British Accent Day I've been looking forward to this for Like < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hmm ... my printer is ringing . What do I do ? 
CHOIR TOUR 2 DAYS !!!!!! 
