just learned some new poi moves : Backwards 2-beat Weaves , Backwards 3-beat Weaves , Alternating-time Turns , Backwards Alternating-time Turns , and the inevitable blending of moves -- the FW and BW Weave Turns . In less than 30 minutes . Mastery shall soon fo 

thinks that mosquito bites should not swell to the size of grapefruits . Rode the benadryl train home last night . 
has learned the 5-beat weave , and was proud of himself -- until he discovered he cannot do the reverse 5-beat weave ... :p The road to Poi mastery is not narrow , but it is long . 
apparently started a water balloon fight with himself ! I swear , some of these apps are impossible to figure out . Or maybe it's me .... 
Sort of wants to go back to bed for a bit , but he already showered .... 
must rescind his previous Poi proclamation : I have learned the * 4-beat * weave ( not the 5-beat ) and I also learned to count . :p 
( after learning to count ) took a suggestion from a friend , and learned to Thread The Needle with his poi . It was easier than he thought , but it is still pretty ugly . 
noticed he has flip-flop tan lines on his feet and doesn't know when that happened . Are feet tan lines sexy ? 
hasn't left work before midnight in over a week ; let's hear it for the career closer ! 
is still trying to figure out how to post certain types of links , apparently . 
is not feeling so good at 5am .... 
is baking fresh cornbread and oatmeal cookies for the trip to KC -- at 3am .... 
just got back from Zenfest 2009 and brought back some extra sun and bug-bites . Oh , and a new poi move or two ! 
just got back from España and I had forgotten how good their sangria is ! 
just played Typing of the Dead for the first time in YEARS , and it was awesome . 
tried to take the \Political Spectrum Quiz\ " and gave up because the questions got so ridiculous . " 
finally , FINALLY succeeded at doing Poi wraps . Now , to repeat the maneuver , over .... and over ... and over ... 
is eating fresh-baked , home-made cornbread . Hell , yes . 
succeeded , and the Orbit is crude , but effective . Now , I need two things : better nylon rope , and a shitload of practice . 
also succeeded in making his reusable glow-stick poi , though not until after he sent a couple of keychain lights flying off into the stratosphere . Weak electrical tape , FTL . >_< 
just had his musical world explode tonight , thanks to a certain person who is particularly good at that .... 
feels wonderful . Simply wonderful . 
is groggy this morning , but thinks it's going to be a good day ! 
thinks the Sun is a fickle bitch . Hopped in the pool for the first time since I moved in , and an hour later , it's storming up again . Which normally I like , but couldn't it have waited until I had to go to work ? 
slept with his friend Ben(adryl ) last night , whom he hasn't seen in about 3 months . The problem with sleeping with friends is that it's sometimes a bit awkward in the morning , and boy do I need a glass of water . 
is hoping that after an amazing day , tonight at work won't be a letdown ... 
watched a girl have pieces of metal put into her body an hour ago . Wow . 
just got really sweaty with his GF and is going to sleep like a baby tonight . 
Business was Meh tonight , but it was good for training . Now , to sleep for 6 hours , get up and train some more ! 
is Uber excited for the < PROPFEMALE > Party Saturday night ! 
is going to melt in d-minus 16 hours and counting . 
is elated . 
has become much more proficient with his Poi wraps , but is finding some flaws in his technique . More practice is badly needed ! 
has an awesome time seeing J Medicine Hat last night , with much socializing and reacquainting himself with his old friend , Sailor < PROPFIRST > . 
is looking forward to his date on Friday . Awesome GF FTW . 
had an awesome time at a wine-tasting last night . Sadly , no ho t-t ubbing afterward ( damn flu ! ) but still a fantastic night ! 
cannot contain his excitement for his date tonight !!! 
is going to his first rave , ever ! Let's see how silly he feels bringing out his toys .... 
is soaring .... 
just learned more about hula hoops , rave gear , and body-mod piercing jewelry than he ever thought he would ! Fascinating .... 
thinks Google Calandar is pretty amazing . I might not forget half of my social life , now ! 
learned two new words at the hands of \4-Chan & Glory\ " tonight : Bro-varies and Blow-verrated . " 
just taught himself a new Poi trick -- one he created himself , called \Concentric Wraps\ " . Style emerges and the artist is born . " 
had an awesome time at the Botanical Gardens and < PROPFEMALE > Quicks last night . Many amazing sights , smells , and tastes . Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
just discovered it's fun to play with glowsticks in the ( un-lit ) raquetball court at his apartment complex ... 
is about to watch his first full episode of Dancing with the Stars ... 
finally got his internet turned back on . Hooray for vacation checks ! 
is expecting his shipment of LED/glow poi toys to arrive tomorrow , including the high-intensity 5-minute burn glowsticks ! 
went for a 2-mile bike ride last night and realized he needs a headlight if he intends to do that more often . 
started watching TrueBlood Season 2 today , and it's getting juicy , juicy , juicy ! 
is feeling better today . Too bad it didn't encourage productivity , but things are moving forward , albeit slowly ... 
turned his phone on last night and got all warm and fuzzy inside ... 
is wrestling with insomnia this week . Again . Strangely , the overnight crew at Baker's is actually nicer than the day crew ... 
is wasting time on OkCupid .... 
slept with a melatonin supplement , and slept like a baby ! 
is sad that there was no Dollhouse this week ... :( 
just learned the BTB ( behind-the-back ) reverse 3-beat weave . Interestingly , he cannot seem to do the FORWARDS version ... :p 
is now scared , because today he wished he could just STOP PLAYING ZYNGA GAMES , and none of them are currently working ... 
just watched a video of a guy with one month of glowstringing practice do the famed Orbital . He then found a vid that showed how these guys have been pulling off a move that's stumped him for 6 months , and can now officially do Orbitals ! 
loves discovering that the moves he thought he came up with , are actually moves with names already : He can do the Shotgun ( who can't ? ) and can * almost * do a Waistwrap . Keep on practicing ... 
wonders when YouTube started playing ads before/after its videos ...? 
just learned to do a Meltdown while practicing a Forwards Behind-the-Back Weave , in an attempt to learn Waistwraps ... * sigh * My brain is becoming confoozled with all these new moves ! 
just had his car towed and discovered that the windchill is like -10 degrees . Ick . 
Life is good ! 
So , I leave work last night to discover an icy mess on my car , but all the other employees are scraping each other's cars , too . Best . Co-workers . Evar . 
discovered he makes a mean biscuits and gravy , and a decent teriyaki beef stir-fry . He's turning into a passable amateur chef . 
cannot wait to see his lady ... 
Found out from < PROPFIRST > at work yesterday that Poi is part of a required cultural studies class for Pacific Islanders . How awesome would it have been to learn this when I was in high school ? Though , I suppose I wouldn't have appreciated it as much . Whatever the case , he's already spun fire , so I suddenly feel like a novice again . >_< 
is trying to change his profile pic and FB is having none of it . Boo . 
After letting my frustration get the best of me at work tonight , someone suggested I have a glass of wine when I get home . Best . Idea . Ever . ... thanks , < PROPFIRST > . 
Dinner : A honey-mesquite rubbed pork loin , with a honeyed polenta and fresh < PROPFEMALE > peppers and green beans . Top it off with some wine from the other night with my succulent girl ... FUCK YES . This is why God invented the mouth . 
is watching new fire-spinning videos and getting the itch to try it out soon . Spring ( and a spare $100 ) get here soon ! 
did his civic duty and dropped off his recycling . Unfortunately , he foolishly got back onto I-680 and was reminded at 8am that Omaha is a teeming metropolis of over 1 million people . :p 
is sipping Apricot Green Tea from The Tea Smith -- and loving it . Thanks , lover ! 
heaves a big * SIGH . * The ConAgra position he was expecting to at least be interviewed for was just removed . The day-time job hunt begins anew . 
is loving the sunlight and enjoying french toast for breakfast ! 
is testing out his new sunrise/sunset lamp . Works incredibly well ; too bad insomnia is being such a fierce opponent ... 
spent some time outside spinning today . < PROPMALE > , but getting back up to where I was before winter . Practicing anti-spin extensions ( so I can make flowers ! ) , stalls , an isolations . Not very exciting , but it refines my technique . 
can't find his poi ( and a few other things ) anywhere . He wonders if a box got left somewheres ... 
