I think that I'll start putting riddles ( difficult ones but not too difficult ) on my status . so , it you are feeling smart , try to answer . I will give the correct answer and a new one the next day ! 1# More powerful than god , More evil than the devil , the 

Fine !!!! how about once an hour !!! I'll put up a riddle once every hour ! 
continuation of the above riddle : singing , told of a small Salvation Army unit carrying on amidst Broadway's night shopping crowds . Gatsby , walking towards that group , saw a young girl , back toward him , just finishing a long , soulful oration ... \ " , 2009-06-14 16:55:01 " 
wont do the riddle an hour thing ... there aren't enough good riddles out there 
can't see with his glasses ! 
is sleeping right now .. be up at 7 
A wife tells her husband to get her something that goes from 0-200 in 6 seconds and put it in front of the driveway for their aniversary tomorrow . The next mornin , the husband gets up EARLY for work and leaves . The wife wakes up l8r and c's da box . she 
I seriously think that December 21st 2012 is the end for us !!!! Place comments on your belief of this phenomenon ! 
Furry kittens ... Yay or nay 
Hey everybody !!! Would you say that I have a GOOD sense of humor ?? Oh , and see you all at the fair thursday !!! 
s face is finally on facebook !! 
Out there , there's a world outside of Yonkers , way out there beyond this hick town , Barnaby . There's a slick town , Barnaby . Out there , Full of shine and full of < PROPFEMALE > . Close your eyes and see it glisten , Barnaby . Listen , Barnaby !.. Put on your Sunday clo 
will take the triforce of wisdom to help him ! 
just washed the dishes ... BY HAND !!!! 
Is happy with caring open ears ... Friends with problems , lend me you woes ! A PROBLEM SHARED IS A PROBLEM HALVED . 
thinks that miracles happen everyday ... To lucky people !!! 
just found out that the Knights of the Old Republic is gonna be an MMO !!!!! 
thinks that some people are nice , and some people are jerks ... But , there comes a time when someone comes along who gets joy out of hurting others ! Now I don't know If it is because of a malfunctioning organ , or a twitch of the brain ... But the hurting has 
Is sick of all the comotion , not even the waves that roll on the ocean : have calming effects on me . Is it so hard to leave well alone , the seeds of hatred to whom you have sewn : Why not just \let it be\ " . Thrice I've been wronged in the span of two days " 
is a cute dog ! 
Wow , Facebook is rather dull these days . 
Is it okay if I like to watch old anime shows that I use to watch when I was younger , and still like them ? Digimon , Pokemon , Dragon Ball , RuRoni kenshin , Bobobo-bo-bobobo , Inuyasha , and Fullmetal alchamest ? 
can't find the remote . I got a bag of crack , and no teletubbies to watch ! 
THE APPOCALYPSE IS NOOOOOOOOOOW !!!! FIRST THE CELEBRITIES , AND THEN THE ELECTED GOV OFFICIALS . ( Well , that isn't so bad . ) 
Ferrah , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and now , < PROPFIRST > Storm and < PROPFIRST > Covalena , dead in three weeks !!!!! IS THIS REALLY ALL COINCIDENCE , OR SOMETHING MORE ?!?!?!? 
We're no strangers to love ! You know the rules , and so , do IIIII ! You are the one that I've been thinking of ! You will not find that in any other guy ! IIIIIII Just wanna tell you how I'm feeling ! I want to make you , understand ! <3 
Does anybody know how I report a problem on Facebook ? 
I'm gonna turn black in mikeys honor ! I'm gonna take the fat out of my butt and put it in my lips ! I gonna get a tumor removed from my left cheek bone , and tear off a piece of my < PROPFEMALE > to cover up the hole ! And then my face will explode from awesomeness 
love to masticate ! All night long ! 
being on Face Book for these past 5 months has taught me a very important lesson of life ... People do weird stuff on here when they are bored ! 
Would you like the < PROPFEMALE > ?! I'll throw a lasso around it and bring it down here for you ! 
All my friends are indians !!! All my friends are brown and red , Spoonman !! And all my friends are Skeletons !!! They beat the rythm on their bones , Spoonman !!! 
Can you take a sunrise sprinkle it with dew ? The candyman can , oh the candyman can !!! Call you take a rainbow , fill it with a sigh , soak it in the sun and make a yummy lemon pie ? The candymannnnn , oh the candyman can !!! 
It sure is boring around here . Mah Boi , this piece is what all true warriors strive for , I wonder what's for dinner ! Oh boy , I'm so hungry I could eat an OCTOROCK . Your majesty , Gannon and his minions have seized the Island of Koradai ! Hmmm , how can w 
< PROPFEMALE > is dandy , but liquor is quicker ... 
Is playing Midnight Club 3 and racing with a Hummer 1 ! 
We now go live to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > with the Black you weather report . How are you beating the heat < PROPFIRST > ? 
Touch the tree , can't you feel it's pain ? 
Just spent the last 20 hours updating his computer ... I actually fell asleep at the computer screen for a couple of hours and my Laptop still wasn't done with the 19 updates !!! 
is babysitting his neice Dawn ... She is a cute thing ... She is sleeping right now so shhhh ! 
s face is long and pointed , with teeth at the end of the snout . 
I need a new laptop ... 
Dragonball Z = Fill-in episodes ... YAY !!! 
Is watching A < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer Marathon whit his Niece , < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Just ate a krabby < PROPFEMALE > and is on an acid trip to gardens to stand in the english rain . 
My password just got compromised and I think that It was < PROPFIRST > Yokeley fault ... I had to change my password ... 
Is singing on Rock Band 2 . 
Is confused about friendship ... I feel that friends ( anymore ) are just things to < PROPFEMALE > on till they are disposable ... It's sad , that I see best friends fighting over remedial things ... Why can't it be like the good old school days where Bullies were cool and 
Is listening to enigma and practicing on focusing his < PROPFIRST > ... 
At church this morning I witnessed a \Devine message\ " from a womans mouth ... She started wailing in toungues and then said \ " This church is set afire by the lord\ " or something like that ... " 
Just got through watch \Americas Got Talent Myspace edition\ " ( only was able to watch thirty minutes of it ) and is asking ... Where's the talent ? " 
I just backed into a COP car the other day , well he just drove off sometimes lifes ok . ( Chorus ) A fake Jamaican took every last dime with that Scam , It was worth it just to learn some slight of hand ! Can anyone name this song ? 
If you answer this correctly I will post another song ? What is the name of this song ? \Hey little sister what have you done ? Hey little sister who's the only one ? Hey little sister who's you superman ? Hey little sister who's the one you want ? Hey littl " 
If you answer this correctly I will post another song ? What is the name of this song ? \What I got you got to give it to you mama ! What I got you got to give it to your papa ! What I got you got to give it to your daughter ! You do a little dance and then y " 
TACO < PROPFEMALE > DOG DIED !!!!!!!!!!!! He was 15 . 
is playing Blaster Master on the NES . ( Sigh ) Memories ... 
is feeling green today ! 
just spent five hours on Rock Band 2 beating the Endless setlist on vocals on hard . My throat hurts . 84 song marathon ! 
Just befriended a complete stranger on facebook . It never hurtz to have new friends , even if you don't know them ! 
Okay , I want everybody to tell me why they don't like me commenting on their posts ! What have I done to make you all mad ! I thought that Facebook was a place where people were supposed to comment on posts . and I have seen a lot meaner stuff than I have 
Is feeling low , I hurt someone . I hurt their trust ... I'm such a idiot ! 
Is going to go eat a sandwich , some chips and some pickle slices yum ! 
But don't you want your free balloon miss . They float down here you know , and when you're down here , you'll float too ! 
Am going to sleep ... Hopefully my dreamcatcher leaves only good dreams ! 
is looking at his Yugioh cards wondering \Why did I waste my money on these ? \"." 
just made another friend who has seen the error of his ways !!! 
3:17 a.m. and not the least bit tired ! 
1:19 a.m. and going to a dreamland full of good dreams thanks to my dream catcher hangin over my window ... I extremely believe that it is sucking all of my Nightmares up !!! I haven't had a bad dream since I got it last year , not a single one ... 
wishes he could get out of this rutt that he has been digging ... 
I want a new laptop , something with 300 mb of RAM would be nice . I just want to be able to play Shaiyah , or farm town or you tube videos w/o lagging ! 
Is trying to achive 100% on \Grand Theft Auto San Andreas\ " on everything . With a little help of course ! " 
I want to do something and not just sit around and help around the nest ! I want to provide not just sit here and be chore boy ! ( Not that I'm complaining ) I just want to help out ... 
Does anybody know how many Mega Bites of RAM makes a decent computer ! 
has just been reminded why he hates the selected few ... 
is watching the Animanicas Musicals ! 
Can't figure out what I did wrong in Grand Theft Auto San Andreas ... I have 99.54% of the game done and I did everything on the internet checklist that I found ... So I just said \screw it\ " and started a new game in hopes of completing it this time . Should be fun . " 
Say backpack everybody , BACKPACK !!!! 
Is playing Rock Band 2 on expert on the drums ... I may post a video ! 
is eating my moms peach cobbler with frozen whipped cream on top ... nobody makes better peach cobbler than my mama . 
Good night everybody , Sweet dreams ... 
I had a very weird morning . I just couldn't believe that my sister was going to school without me ... 
Just heard about the Mercury spill at school ... Don't worry kids , I bet that they will have it cleaned up in no time !!! 
Has a hunch , Something big is going down on facebook and we will all be affected by it ... So keep you eyes open and your fingers at the ready because stuff is going to happen . ( I can feel it ! ) 
Sorry Link I can't give credit . come back when you are a little ... mmm ... Richer ! 
is feeling cheerful , as always ... Nobody can kill my mood ! 
WOOHOO !!! I'm flying high and I don't plan on coming down !!!! 
Is is Wrong to be Wrong about not being Wrong ? 
That Sonic the Hedgehog has made me tear out every hair from my beautiful head ! 
That 12/21/2012 crap is starting to bug me ... I bet god had a big laugh over that one ! 
The New super < PROPFIRST > brothers Wii looks awesome , And Wario Ware Smooth Moves ! 
Guitar Hero 5 Tuesday !!!! I won't be able to buy it , but I bet that it will be an awesome addition ! 
Does anybody own Rock Band 2 on the wii ? If so , my friend code is 290701708865 ! 
“We keep moving foward , opening new doors , and doing new things , because we're curious and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths . ” Walt Disney 
Got his Newgrounds acount deleted ! 
Rain : A haiku by < PROPMALE > Bingham Wind kicks and light dims , Thunder rolls and air smells sweet , Giving life so pure . 
just had Ramen Noodles with a hotdog and some Velveeta cheese ... mmmmmm ... 
Lump sat alone in a boggy marsh . Totally motionless except for her heart . Mud filled up into lumps pajamas , she toatally confused all the assing parahnas ! 
is posting a message on the new update for the internet channel on my Wii ! 
can eat a pickle with the best of ' em ! 
Hey everybody !? 
When I was a lad I ate 4 dozen eggs every morning to help me get large , and now that I've grown I eat 5 dozen so I'm roughly the size of a BARGE ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Groves ! < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! How ' ave ya < PROPMALE > gurl ! 
Jingle bells , Jingle bells , Jingle all the way . Oh what fun it is to ride in a on horse open sleigh ! Jingle bells , Jingle bells , Jingle all the way . Oh what fun it is to ride in a on horse open sleigh ! Over the fields we go , in a one horse open sleigh . O'er the fields we go , laughing all the the way . Bells on bobtail ring , making spirits bright . What fun it is to ride and sing a sleighing song tonight ! 
now hates americas got talent ! THE PERCUSSION PEOPLE SHOULD HAVE WON !!!!! 
If you are reading this , whether we do or do not speak often , please post a comment of your first memory of you and me . When you have finished , copy this paragraph to your own status . You'll be surprised what people remember of you 
Is going to a baby shower at , see you at 12:30 Steph and < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
If I can put a smile on your face , then I know that I have done all I can ... and maybe even more ! 
Is going to go and watch Heroes at 7 ! 
is perplexed , askewed , obscured , and ( strangely ) happy ! 
This is to all of the people who are sending me requests on games on facebook ... it's not that I don't want to play , I can't . My computer isn't even fast enough to handle mafia wars very well ... so , sorry ! 
Is finally a level five farmer on Farmville y'all! 
Hey , anybody ? I have been playing farmville lately and was wondering : How do I turn the fences before I lay them down ? I can only get them to go in one direction . 
Well , I guess I better be hitting that old < PROPFIRST > trail ! 
Like my Grandpappy ol ' reliable used to say ... I don't recollect ever discussing ol ' reliable before have I ?! 
almost beat his Wii Sports record ( 16 Lanes ) in bowling on the spin control !! 
Do you want a hot dog or do you want a HOT dog ! 
I love playing \LSD\ " For the playstation 1 !!!! It scares the Jbesus out of me at almost every turn !!! " 
I'm curious on what everyones first idea of me was ... Do I come off as scary , weird , shy , or nice ? 
To everybody who is my neighbor on Farmville can you please start sending me nothing but white wash Fence until further notice ? MUCH APPRECIATED ! 
Is < PROPFEMALE > fighting for us or just itself ? I can find a motive but I can't find the logic ! 
The minds of the world are turning vile . I try to put a smile on the world , but it turns to acid once it hits the ground . I'm choking on these bad vibes that are plagueing our existence . I'm confused on how this is ok . I confused on how this is alright . I'm confused at how we can just sweep it under the carpet . Sarcasm , jokes , lies , thruth , it's all a mask for glutons to hide behind ... 
< PROPFEMALE > on my wayward son , there'll be pizza to where you run !!! 
Getting ready to go to church with < PROPFEMALE > and Fam ! 
Back by popular demand !!!! 
Sometimes I think most of my friends are crazier than me ... But then I do something that makes ME say WTF !!! 
I got modern warfare and my code is 518874360101 !!! 
is all that AND a bag of chips ! 
1st guy : What is that marvelous cologne you are wearing ? 2nd guy : I'm not wearing any cologne ... 1st guy : You mean that smell is you . Oh Gawd . If I could , I would bottle you up and serve you under my armpits everyday ! What movie is that from ? First to guess right gets a post from me on their wall ! :D 
225 hours 37 minutes and 0 seconds left till Christmas morning !!!!! 
got sick of Mozilla Firefox and Switched to Google chrome , which is 3 times better !! 
The day before Christmas is always the most interesting ! 
The radar is jammed , it's raspberry . Only one person would dare give me the Raspberry ... LONE < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
My First youtube Video !! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9TgENrrjp6Q 
Laptop power cord got fried and am messaging from Wii .... It sucks 
Knows now that a Blue Waffle is not as appetizing as it sounds ... DX 
Going to clean 3 house with mother today ( it let's me get out of the house every once and while ) ... Also going to get my drivers liscence , again ( I let it expire DX ) .... 
Just got done wat < PROPFIRST > ng Dragonball evolution and I have one thing to ask ......... Why !?!?! Goku , Ro < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Sounded and looked nothing like the anime counterparts !! Goku didn't act like Goku . Goku didn't THINK about what he did before he did it in the anime ! Well , I'm gonna stop blabbing and ranting because I'm too disappointed . 
has been staying at < PROPFEMALE>'s since last Sunday . It's never boring here . So I've been having a lot of fun trying new things and making new friends . I'll definately be coming back again soon 
just joined a video chat at http://tinychat.com/dcluigimario Tinychat : your own chatroom , quick and easy at http://tinychat.com 
just joined a video chat at http://tinychat.com/mizore Tinychat : your own chatroom , quick and easy at http://tinychat.com 
Found about a facebook site for my Wii !!! www.touch.facebook.com 
Just got done watching 4 episodes of SCHOOL HOUSE ROCK .... good times ... ( I watched Action Verb , Unpack your Adjectives , Conjunction Junction , and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Sarsparila ( AKA Pronouns ) . If only cartoons were like they were in the < PROPFEMALE > of the School house rock . And if anyone who reads this have no idea what school house rock is . go to youtube and educate yourself , you poor deprived children !!! LOL 
What would this world be without people being themselves ? Would < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > have been out flying his kite ? would < PROPMALE > carrey be in show biz ? Would I be typing this pointless rant ? 
I think that I may finally be as mad as a Hatter . 
I wish that I could Fuderwacken ... But I'm afraid that my head is on too tight ... 
Just found out about this website called \ www.dontevenreply.com \ " and it's hilarious . It's about this guy who answers help wanted/craigslist ads with insane responses LOL !! " 
Well , 3 1/2 weeks and I got fired from Dollar general ... At least I got a Debit card with $336 on it . I'm gonna try and buy a New/Used laptop while putting in applications Monday . Wish me luck y'all!! 
I finally got a laptop , but its a Notebook . So it's small , but it's still fast ! 
Technology is beautiful , wonderful , and the best thing ever ! When it works .... 
Come join me ! - I'm in a LIVE video chat at http://tinychat.com/poormizore http://tinychat.com 
It's 2 am in the morning right now and I can't get back to sleep . My head feels light , I'm twitchy , and I can't keep the images out of my head . I had my 1st nightmare tonight , in over 3 years ..... It starts out with me going through Glens supermarket . The details were so vivid , like I was actually there . 
I can't remember the name of this book can someone please help me !? \ 
\ 
The main character of this book is a black boy who loves to run . He untangles a huge ball of yarn that everyone says can never be untangled . Also I think he gets a new pair of shoes .... they made a movie about it . 
is excited about November 5 . It's when my cdl truck driver training starts . I getting on a Greyhound Tuesday , November second , 11:15 pm to head up to Iowa to get settled into my new house for 7 weeks . Wish me luck ! ^_^ 
Back home with a bad taste in my mouth . I've really done it this time ... the worst mistake in my life . And the only question that I can ask is .... Why ..? 
has started to hack/create his own \Super < PROPFIRST > World\ " worlds . This should be a long and challenging side project . " 
Well , November Twenty Fourth is my Birthday . I'll be Twenty one !!! Does that make me a real man ? 
I almost died today ....... almost , it felt like it anyways . I tend to a dock and one of the cable came loose so I had to try and swim out and retrieve it ( with help from Mom and Grandpa < PROPFIRST > ) . But when I got to the cable , I had trouble breathing . I could breath in okay but I couldn't breath out . I was able to grab onto the cable but my mind only had one thought at the time ... BREATH OUT ! 
desperately needs help . http://www.asylum626.com/help/?c=YmI1Mzc5RjQyOEEzZmNl 
Who will I save : < PROPFEMALE > Bingham or < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Sumner ? http://www.asylum626.com/ 
Thanks Giving ! Time to eat till you Puke !! 
Oh how I love my Uncle < PROPMALE > . 
Split and packed wood for 5 hours today . I'm gonna sleep good tonight ! 
Has just been reminded about how awesome a movie \The < PROPMALE > or Egypt\ " is ... " 
Why am I still alive ? 
Hmm ... Lost 20 pounds in three weeks and wore my first belt today . Different not having to pull up my pants every thirty feet hah ! 
Oh dear lord . Uncle < PROPFIRST > got a Droid Phone 
