my head hurts . 

makes a damn good avatar ... 
camp all week ... tired ... 
is having a pretty chill summer :] 
horse camp week , warped tour on wednesday ! 
puppy ? 
loves her new puppy :] 
has a crazy week ahead of her ... :/ 
leaves for england today ... 
is in england :) 
is sleepy 
sleep , show at 5 tomorrow morning , allies for the night :) no cell 
' s cell charger got run over by a tractor ... 
ouch 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > ... huh ... 
hmm ... 
is in a rather good mooood :) 
is excited for her ' sunbow ' elephant cake :) 
homework homework homework :( 
blames < PROPFEMALE > 
is sleepyyy . 
grilled chicken with hot sauce .... mmmmm ... 
had an awesome birthday :) i love you all and thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday ! 
is going to see the decemberists today !!!! :) 
the decemberists were so epic ... just got home 
is eating cake ? 
pierced her nose :) 
wishes that she was still asleep .... 
has lived another day without being killed by a zombie ... happy birthday loser :) 
is writing an english essay about mountains ... yippee . 
misses having an unsore ankle :( 
got attacked in haunted houses , hayrides , and corn mazes tonight . sweet . 
feels like shit . 
hugged asians today :) 
homecoming game , allies for the night :) 
is tiredd . 
is home sick . feeling like shit . 
is at samanthacrayonss . 
doesnt want to take the chem quarterly tomorrow :( 
really doesnt feel the need to do any work tonight ... looking up music :) 
just wants it to be next week ! :) 
needs something to do tonight ... 
is so tired .... cleaning and homework today , oh joy ! 
is watching the office :) 
is seriously lacking in sleep . 
is sleep deprived with a messed up ankle and no < PROPFEMALE > to write her english essay ... oh joy 
is writing her english essay ... even though it was due today ... 
is pretty tired .. 
with < PROPFEMALE > darling and the chubster for the night . happy birthday dear lele :) 
wants to take a nap 
has a < PROPFEMALE > curled up on her back :) 
IloveKaylahMichelleHerny . 
out for a walk in the rain :) 
cleaning :( 
:) 
so tired ... 
is finally finally warm :) 
meh 
baking cookies ... :) 
is really dreading doing this english project ... 
lets pretend we don't exist ; lets pretend we're in antarctica 
... what is the leyland essay on again ? 
got her computer all fixed ! unbroken screen and working disk drive :) :) 
well , it's been one hell of a year 
my head still hurts . 
going out with the fam- text 
is going out in pajamas ? i think so . 
still doesnt want to do history :( 
shower and such ... out with < PROPFEMALE > later ? 
flea market/new hope with < PROPFEMALE > and samanthaaa :) texts if you wish 
is not a keebler elf ...... 
goddamn chem thing . 
is working her ass off on her photo project to try to get it done tonight ... 
is ready for another half day followed by riding til my legs fall off ... again :) 
is so damn tiredd . 
is excited to go to sleep . sorry , homework ... 
goddamn voorhees ! 
is pretty damn bored . 
is loading cds :) 
mad sugar-rush ... 
who has miers for history ? 
really isnt feeling the < PROPFEMALE > to finish chem ... 
is actually going to sleep tonight ?! wooah . 
misses the sun ... 
is sledding with < PROPFEMALE > ? yupp i think so . 
is home from a long day of music with < PROPFEMALE > dear . new hope tomorrow ? 
is desperately in need of sleep ... 
watching airplane , naturally 
damn you , english essay . damn you . 
loves warm snowy days . pony party and than waffle stompers tonight ? shaping up to be an okay day (: 
going to bed sore , drained , and entirely too happy . 
is exhausted 
i guess he's a lesbian ... 
ah its been a good week ... 
uggggggh . 
wants a job 
should be sleeping ... meh . 
thinks its time for summer .... 
had suuuuch a long day ... yay for sunburn and random new people :) i <3 you leahh 
wondering if we'll be standing outside for a third day ... 
i love the ones who appear at my house without me and who pig out in the back of theaters <3 
is bored ... movies with mommy dearest and knitting 
there ain't no rest for the wicked ' til we close our eyes for good 
watching tarzan , writing essay , dying easter eggs , sleeping , aloe -- the good life . 
meh head hurts ... 
ugh . 
boy do i love the feeling of absolute exhaustion ... 
looking up potential concerts for this summer (: (: 
every successful day ends with ice cream at taylors ..... 
rutgers tomorrow (: 
umm ... its been one hell of a weekend .. thats all i can say . 
meow 
not feeling wonderful ... 
12 hour day of barbeques , sunburns , and ponies (: it is nice to feel better . 
is sleepy ... definitely not wanting to do math ..... 
repoooo the genetic opera (: 
who still has the chem mini poster sheet ? :/ i desperately need to know whats on it ... 
jamming out like im from belgium ... (: 
wants to go to sleep .... starland tonight and work all day tomorrow . 
i hate six hours shifts full of crazy people after school ...... 
procrastinationnn . my brain's decided that school's over . 
overloading .... 
aww new < PROPFEMALE > cat (: 
i'm rather fond of parks and paneras 
fattys sleeping over <3 
no more work til monday (: (: 
why am i still awake ? and hiccupping .. 
off to work ... 
blue ankle , exhausted , and ears ringing .... the marks of a fun day (: 
mmmm it's a good day when i can sleep in (: 
nothing like a long hot day at the barn and getting up at 5 tomorrow morning for another (: 
lazy < PROPFEMALE > days of cats and < PROPMALE > ... (: 
Kidnappingg my lovely Millly and going to the movieees :] Love Kaylah . 
hmm im hungry ... 
i definitely cant get on homelogic ...? 
day filled with yoga , saunas , psych , and corn-picking ? (: 
So im at home depot looking around for a place to sit and all i see is a toilet ... but i think that might be a little silly . 
just remembered about AP bio packets ? shoot me ? or help ... whichever . 
ah its been a good night (: 
finally got a backpack ! 
has spent the day cornslapping pigs <3 
carrot slap ! 
(: 
AHHHH chucks on soon (: (: 
license (: 
i love < PROPFIRST > , mar , and sonic <3 
feeling pretty shitty ... 
oh so tired ... 
none to fond of the policia .... 
super pony shopping with < PROPFEMALE > Patane :) 
baking some cookies (: 
so beatt . i cant believe its only monday .. 
i want panera soup ): 
< PROPFEMALE > Sciara and < PROPFEMALE > Patane make my nights so much better <3 
goddamn i need a witch < PROPFEMALE > or black < PROPFEMALE > tree leaf .... 
sleeeepy .. 
pancakes for dinner was i good idea (: thank youu < PROPFEMALE > Patane <3 
i want to see < PROPMALE > potter :( 
such an empty house ... 
bio makes me sad :( 
Work til 11 ... someone come visit me ! 
Work again .... here til 10 . somebody come visit :( 
< PROPMALE > all night (: oh happy snowy days . 
dear car , stop having to go to the shop :( 
watching cooking shows all night (: cause homeworks overrated ... 
i think it's time for summer . 
my little car is back (: ... just in time for the snow that it cant go through ... 
