Okay .... now it is time to make stuffed zucchini for dinner . Also I have a waldorf salad from the deli . Netflix for my dinner companion ... guess I will be JUST FINE :-) 

My day to volunteer at the Museum . Off I go ! 
Could you tell I was out of Netflix tonight ? 
Errand day ..... tough job but must be done ! 
I finally finished < PROPMALE > Button . What a strange and poignant movie . Took me three days . Now I am taking my aching head to bed ! 
My little cottage is under siege ! Raccoons and ants . I am losing the battle . 
Tomorrow morning I am having cataract surgery . I am praying it goes well with no surprises ! 
Surgery was quick and easy . The music they were playing was elevator music . I requested Pink < PROPMALE > . Doctor said oh you are a rocker ! I had my surgery to the music of the Doors and the surgery gave me a spectacular light show . Doctor said he had fun ! 
Very tired tonight . My cousin's husband died this morning . It was expected ... that damn cancer . Think it is time for me to go to bed and read . 
Off I go to get ready for my cataract surgery on the left eye . God willing it will go as nicely as the right one did ! 
Dr. called to check with me and said the operation went very well . I see him tomorrow . More info later ! 
Bedtime ... this seeing with both eyes is so exciting it is wearing me out ;-) 
Taking Sunday off .... going to sleep as late as I can ... going to goof off all day ... read in bed ... definitely going underground ! 
I need to establish some sort of routine . I find myself doing things at the oddest times . Dinner is always late . Did not even watch a DVD tonight ! 
It is Sunday . The day that our Ladies group goes to lunch ... we have to come up with a better name than that ... boring ! And don't suggest < PROPFEMALE > Widows as we are not quite there yet . No raccoons .... the ammonia and crushed moth balls kept them away for one night . So far our kind neighbors have not complained about the smell . Perfume it is not ! 
Time to go to bed ... big day tomorrow ~ ! 
Sometimes you just have to create your own sunshine . 
Going to a concert tomorrow night . Zappa plays Zappa opens but the main group is Dream Theatre ! I am stoked ... I am also taking earplugs . Heavy Metal here I come ! 
The sun is shining brightly . No wind . Flowers blooming . Lunch date .... my kind of day ! 
Something must be done about our shameful health care , and I will not call it a system I call it shameful ! 
DREAM THEATRE CONCERT AND I AM STILL NOT TOUCHING THE GROUND A WEEK LATER Can't take cameras into the venue so no more pictures .... but I got a tour of the tour bus ... rode with the stars to the venue ... got to know wives and stars and children ... ate at their buffet ... then I went out to see Zappa for a bit but did not stay long as < PROPFIRST > Portnoy ( Super < PROPFEMALE > ) had me go with his wife to pick out a tee shirt I liked ! So I 
continued .... So I was given a great shirt .... he knew I was a Pink < PROPMALE > fan so he gave me a CD Dark Side of the < PROPFEMALE > ( Official Bootleg ) and I had to keep comparing the two ... I did not wear earplugs because I did not want to miss a note ... Jordan the keyboard player is fantastic and he gave me his CD of just piano work ... and I got to go BACKSTAGE which only the family does .... so all in all it was fabulous ! 
Off we go into the sunshine ... Our Sunday Ladies \bling\ " group is going to lunch and whatever happens next :-) " 
That's it ! Dinner time and a good DVD ! 
Such an exciting week I have ahead . This morning the peridontist , this afternoon the family doctor , tomorrow the regular dentist for cleaning and Wednesday morning the specialist who I hope is going to tell me why I got that piece of meat stuck in my esophogus and if it were an isolated happening I would not care but I have had episodes over the last two months where the food finally cooperated . 
Okay , now we know . Back to the hospital on Monday so doctor can put balloons down my esophogus and stretch it again . Glad I am . Then I can stop eating like I have no teeth ! 
These Mafia Games ... I am stopped with not enough money to buy weapons and cannot fight and do jobs . I think I shall go straight and sell matchsticks on the corner . 
Fog again ! 
Today is my Museum day . It is still foggy with promises of sunshine in the afternoon . I say \SURE\ " I have heard that before ! " 
Time to put this dangerous old lady out for the night ! 
Three simply gorgeous days in a row ! I have been walking by the ocean each morning and thanking the Higher Power for all the beauty . Today I am getting a late start so I was told the quote \mad dogs and Englishmen \"!" 
Travel and more travel ! 
This time of year is extremely difficult for me . This is when < PROPMALE > started to fail and living it with him ... remains in my soul and I cannot help but relive it again . 
To all my wonderful Mafia Gang and Mafia2 Gang .... I am taking a short rest ! I have gone underground . I will be back ! 
I seem to be taking a break from doing much blogging or Facebooking . Time to read a good book . We expect a < PROPMALE > storm coming in tonight . I better go round up the flashlights ! 
I am off to MN for 11 days . Lis is having back surgery and I want to be there for her , the children and me . I am waving to all ! 
Lis is home . She is having minimal pain so far . The doctor was very pleased with the surgery and said all went well . This first week will be getting the pain under control and then after I go home .... someone will have to get her emerging energy under control . She has a list of limitations ! 
Recuperation is the pitts . Lis wants to do things and when she does she has to rest for a while . I keep telling her she had surgery . The suture is not bad at all and calls for a tat ! I am getting no cooperation ! 
May all the Saints bless you ! 
This is it !!!!! Watch and listen ! The Muppets : Bohemian Rhapsodywww.youtube.com 
Finally some rain ! 
I am living in the tropics ! It is 45 here as we speak with a light rain ... my daughter is at -16 and my son at 16 .... guess that cancels their weather out ! I will take my tropics any day .... fog and all ! 
It is a bling sister day ! 
It is one of those days that I surely miss having the children around and feeling more in the spirit of things . Memories ! 
What a fun day . A new friend took me out to shoot some pool . I will say she is better than I but I have not played pool in many a year . I was really impressed with my first game . I almost won .... second game a bit downhill for both of us but we kept trying ... third game was ridiculous . 
It took 3 times to break and then we got into the mode of laughing at how bad we were doing . We are going to do this often as we feel there is great undiscovered talent there . The \pros\ " ignored us as best they could " 
That was supposed to be el teatro campesino.com 
Happy 2010 to each and every one of you ! 
Próspero Año Nuevo 2011 
White 
Okay ... I really am going to get this house work started NOW ! It is almost noon and I have just frittered away the whole morning ... well I got up late :-) 
I am dieting . 1200 calories a day . Learning not to starve is not easy . Walking by a high surf this morning was awesome . Supposed to be 20 foot swells tonight .... got to go check on my Maverick's website ~ 
Couldn't find a baby picture but I was surely young then ! 
Describe me in 1 word , using the third letter of YOUR name . This is fun . Answer me and then copy this into your status and see what people say about you . This could get interesting 
Rain , wind , sun , rain , wind , sun ... weird day .... tomorrow is going to be a slammer and it may start tonight . Batten down the hatches ! 
Still raining ! No Nimbo's today ;-) 
The Bling Sisters are going to see Avatar in 3D ! I remember 3D when I was in 8th grade I think . It was about a wax museum . 
Tomorrow I start Curves . All of my Curves are going the wrong direction ! 
Spoiling myself today . Self-image is so very important in the whole of things . Sometimes it is important to do something just for yourself to help your mental health ! 
Saw Crazy Heart today with < PROPMALE > Bridges . Everyone's acting was superb . < PROPMALE > Bridges should get an < PROPFIRST > . The plot was a bit thin but who cares when the acting is that good ~ 
It's Doppelgänger week ; change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your evil twin or switched at birth photo , then cut/paste this to your status . 
Okay , I have been grounded . I cannot go out and play until I put Christmas away in the shed .. it is Feb . for heavens sake , and get my laundry , floors and general mess organized . That should take all day . By the way , Curves is awesome ! I came out of there with so much enery I wish it had slopped over on today ! 
Work is completed but of course there is alwys more to do . Christmas has been retired to the shed and my house is acceptable . Now I am off to Curves ! 
the forecast says rain ... don't see any today ? 
Mardi Gras & SuperBowl Champs ... that must be a scene . Loved the Dorito commercial with the little boy ;-) 
Mavericks is finally on !!!!! Saturday 13 ... Oh how I wish I could be there . Will just have to watch from FB ! 
I finally saw the Mavericks !!! 
What an exciting day . Watched the Mavericks ... < PROPFIRST > made a killer fat free pizza and then she , < PROPMALE > & I listened to these old records that had to played on a record player with a needle . They were from the ' 20s and ' 30s . < PROPMALE > had gotten them when he was a DJ in 1951 . We really had a good day . Thank you < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy Shrove Tuesday . Remember Lent starts tomorrow . I must hasten to Curves and then go eat pancakes ! 
Nothing and everything .... that is the problem ! 
Finding something to excite me in my retirement . Like maybe a new occupation ... strickly on the volunteer basis ... or maybe I should ..............???? 
Good night out with < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > . Low cal < PROPMALE > food ( does not exist ) ! Very good and of course the company was wonderful as usual . Tomorrow an old friend from the sports car days is coming to visit overnight . < PROPFEMALE > and I have soooooooooooooo much to catch up on ! Looking forward to her visit . 
Just been through my first Tsumani warning . Got the telephone call to stay away from beaches and water . Luckily we have only had a 1 foot rise so far . The warning stays up for at least 3 more hours because of possible recurrances . Have to go check and see how HI did ! 
Sadly I had to quit Curves . I really enjoyed it . It was killing my tennis elbow and my carpal tunnel was out of control . I am giving it a month's rest and then try to figure out if I can just use the machines that do not need hand/arm exercise . I think the answer is to walk , walk , walk , walk .............. 
Tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland and NO I do not want to hear or read any reviews ! 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland .... I did not get the 3D tickets in error but that is good . Now I can see it again in 3D when the hysteria calms down . I loved the movie . I know ... it was a parody on the real story .... but wow ... never bored , no dull moments and I am now really a sad CASE of a 70 year old with a crush on < PROPFIRST > Depp ~ !!!!! 
Life is strange ... I think there was a song by that name by someone and < PROPFEMALE > ! Does anyone know who someone was .... He was say Hey < PROPFEMALE > and she would say Hey .............. 
Okay , going to take my gimpy knee . Put the brace on and go read myself to sleep . Have pleasant dreams :) 
Had a deep tissue massage this morning followed by facial . I almost feel asleep . It is so very rare that I relax that much . My massuese calls me her active one . \ I try\ " I think there has been so much going on here there and everywhere . I can only do so much so it is time to teach myself to relax . I cannot put a bandaid on the world and all of you ! So guess it is time to enjoy me ;-) " 
PLEASE READ THE ARTICLE BELOW ! WE ARE TRULY KILLING OUR LINK TO THE OCEAN . WHALES WANT TO TALK TO US , BE PETTED AND LOVED . 
A time machine ... that is what I need . No Woody < PROPFIRST > involved or the whole deal is off ! 
Happy St. Patricks Day to all the < PROPFEMALE > and those who we have adopted enjoy along . May Blessings be with you all ! 
Today is my Lighthouse Docent Day ! Sun is shining now that the fog has gone . I almost wish the fog had stayed so that I could see what the sailors had to contend with when they could barely see the light or not at all ! 
Tomorrow I plan to have a slot day . Those are the days you just disappear into your rugs , walls , couches , etc . Shopping can wait ! There is nothing so important to delay a slot day ! I shall slot ! 
Time to get all my ducks in a row ... if I had any ducks ! 
My mind tells me it is time to get something done in this household ! It is supposed to rain today but it was supposed to rain yesterday ... so far sunshine ! 
Leg of lamb , spring peas , creamed onions , new potatoes ... and < PROPFIRST > is bringing salad , deviled eggs and Rubarb pie ... OH Happy Easter to all ! 
Lord Finnegan has pancreatitis and I am scared . He is my love and companion . He is not eating , has no energy and does not even care about his best friend \mousey\ " ! Please send good thoughts this way . He means so very much to me . He has saved me from complete depression . " 
Now his kidneys are sore . Temp was normal . Could not run a blood test because an emergency kitten who sounded like she was being killed freaked Finnegan out . They had to put him in a holding cage and see if I could calm him . He was growling and hissing .... I have never heard him do either . He calmed down in my arms to get some of the treatment . We will see tomorrow . 
Lord Finnegan is a bit better . Refuses to eat anything the vet suggested . I even cooked up chicken , rice , yogurt and chicken broth . I believe his words were what the F --- is that stuff . Did not even bother to sniff it . Does not like plain cooked chicken , chicken broth , or anything he needs to eat . He is a junk food addict ! I bought some cottage cheese and yogurt ... another Vet suggestion .... and we will see . 
I will not hold my breath ! Did I tell you he has a celebrity Vet ??? Dr. < PROPFEMALE > Pasten was < PROPMALE > the Cat's personal vet ! She has written books , etc . I trust her but I got to get Finney to eat . He has already lost almost 2 pounds . She is back on Thursday and we will think on it again ! 
Finnegan must be feeling better . He did the CRAZY CAT thing sometime between 4-6am no complaints from me . He runs as fast as he can all over this small 4 room house including jumping on me . Then he did it again 
Today I go to the Orthopedic Surgeon and he will decide what is next . It has not gotten better . So forget the football career or the basketball idea . Tap dancing is a big if ! 
Great news ! Dr. does not believe in surgery unless it is the last resort ! HOOOOORRAAH ! Said it looked like the swelling is less . I told him about my physical therapy the next week after I saw him . I had this knee all over the place ... trying to get the meds into Finnegan . My mobility in the knee seems to be a good indicator . 
Today I go forth to help the education department at the PG museum . They are expecting \70\ " first graders . I believe will probably be the shepard that herds the flock ! " 
We had a marvelous time . They were in 3 groups so it was really manageable ! I got to practice my Spanish and I got lots of tooth missing smiles ! 
It is best on my magazine rack 
Got another shot in the knee and one in the elbow ! So far so good . I think I should have a tee made saying \My body is shot but I am still moving ! \"" 
I am telling myself to be self ! I am going to get really nasty if I < PROPMALE>' stop being a Pollyanna .... I need to live that profile pic ! 
Memories ! 
If you ever decide to do a trip to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > on the train from Salinas .... talk to me first ! More later ! 
< PROPMALE > took < PROPFIRST > & me out for an absolutely decadent dinner ! Dessert and all . < PROPFIRST>'s birthday was yesterday and I will be in MN for mine . They are about the most caring , intelligent , kind , interesting , fascinating people .... there are just not enough words to describe those two . They have kept me together ! So bring on year 71 ... I am ready 
Okay ... there goes next years get away ! My furnace and air purifier are rusted out and not doing a thing . I had no clue about the air purifier but when the furnace did no come on yesterday to take the chill off the PG summer weather .... I knew I was in deep s --- ! Called the company with a good reputation . The owner came out ... He went uner the house and the whole system is rusted , corroded , and old . 
They do not make that furnace anymore . < PROPMALE > a magnificent job\ 
designing it and having the sheet metal cut exactly to his drawings . \ 
He took all the skin off his hands doing the concrete pad . He did all \ 
of it .... THE WHOLE THING ! \ 
\ 
Bottom line ... the duct work is great .... everything else is shit ... so new\ 
furnace ... new air purifier ( need it for my COPD ) So when 2011 \ 
comes .... I will have no exotic trips ! 
I am home . Had a wondefullytrip full of MY children ~ I am exhausted but I can say for sure .... My granddaugther is absolutely beautiful with a heart and personality to match and at the Graduation open house there were surely about 100 people . ;-) A lot of them were very good looking young men and they just love her ... be it friendship or other .... they were there and so was her boyfriend ! Nanny is worn out ! 
Happy Father's Day to all of those who are fathers , take the role of fathers and just help out ! Miss my Rock and my Knight ! 
I am not gaining on this flu virus or whatever it is ! Whenever I take a plane trip of any length I seem to come down with something after I get home . Feels like the flu ... so that is what it is ! I am going to bed now . 
still sick ... went to doctor ... she gave me antibiotics ... I am breathing better ... but feel like an elephant has been using me for a trampoline 
Going to < PROPFIRST > & < PROPMALE>'s for a BBQ ! First time out socializing in 9 days 
CORRECTION ... CORRECTION ... Make that 15 days since I have been anywhere social . I feel like a shut-in ! 
< PROPFIRST > does a fantastic BBQ . Pico de Gallo , all roasted on the grill , bacon and potato salad , fabulous spicy Blueberry pie and the steaks I brought . It was like a picture in one of those \Better Living\ " books or \ " Bon Appetit \"!" 
Okay , I am on day 18 in withdrawal from a prescibed sleeping pill . Quite terrible actually ! My menicus tear in my knee has flaired up cannot bend it . Ortho doctor on Tues .... and the tooth that needed pulling that we were ignoring has decided that it needs pulling NOW ! Tomorrow at 9 AM out with the culprit . I feel like the portrait of < PROPFIRST > Grey . The outside still looks pretty good ~ the inside is crumbling down 
Tooth out . Tired out from the pulling . What to have for dinner ? Oatmeal or mashed beans on toast ? 
Escaping ... going to brunch with < PROPFEMALE > ! Got to get out of this cottage for awhile ! 
Damn , patch-patch-patch ! When I retired after years of hard work and became a caregiver for the love of my life , I thought there would be quiet place . This drug withdrawal thing still is in my system , my tooth that was pulled now has a problem and Dr. < PROPMALE > the eyeman says my left implant in my eye looks cloudy ... see me in 3 months ! This is about when my children would say ~ I don't want to play this game anymore ! 
Doing a quick escape with my friends . We are going to look for whales :-) 
Had a great time with friends yesterday . They are much better than whales . Lord Finnegan had to have a pedicure this morning and now he is hiding under the bed . It did not take more than 3 minutes that I could tell .... but he is not a happy camper :-( 
Finnegan is out from hiding ! He ate a dead leaf off the < PROPFEMALE > plant in the sunroom today ... called the vet ... some < PROPFEMALE > is poison . They said ... if he foams at the mouth , vomits and other lovely things ... rush him in . He is asleep in my bed under the spread ... his favorite place . I am going to figure out what to have for dinner that is healthy . 
I did a lot of world traveling this afternoon . South < PROPFEMALE > , Phillipines and finally Mexico ! I was having signal problems with my cell . I spent about 1 1/2 hours traveling the above before Mexico said ... you have antenna problems ... I am sending you a new phone . His name was < PROPFIRST > ... he was very nice . I wonder if he looks like the < PROPFIRST > that I had such a terrible crush on in 1972 ? 
Meeting the San < PROPFIRST > Obispo friends for dinner at Cannery Row . Cyndee and family have to be about the best friends that travel this far with me as one of their destinations . I am really blessed by all of \yoose guys\ " ! " 
Well it is 1 1/2 hours until concert time ... but who is counting :-D Back to the 60's again . LOVE IT !!! Report later ........... 
Great concert ! Country < PROPFIRST > still has the voice ! Got an autograph on his CD ~ Big brother and the Holding company needed < PROPFEMALE > . They did a great set with a < PROPFEMALE > sound alike . It was not really there ~ there .. There is only 1 < PROPFEMALE > . NO matter how good the voice .. You cannot reproduce the pain that made her songs so very stunning . 
Looking into a med alert system . Living alone you could have a catrastophe and no one would know . Called my money man . He said \ I told you to keep that cell phone charged and in your reach at all times . Goollly Henry . I will have to make it into a necklace . He is looking into non-expensive options but still makes sense . If I can't push a button for emergency on the celll how am I going to push a med alert button ? " 
Sent in the app for the Lifeline Med Alert . Let the kidlets know so they can have a better feeling about me being here alone . I just have to get Lord Finnegan to learn how to punch 911 on the phone ! 
This morning I will be going to our cemetery by the sea . Some volunteers are going to start cleaning up around the old graves . These are the founders of our little village . Many have no families here anymore to keep those resting places in good shape . This will be a very good thing as the cemetery is the resting place of my husband with a spot next to his for me . 
today-lifeline connected . no alone anymore . put together a trader < PROPFIRST>'s care pkg for young pregnant gal ( neighbor ) whose 18mo had to go to ER for another seizure . Baby okay but not breathing when ambulance came . Took pictures at big difference in cemetery after our clean up . Came home and cuddled Lord Finnegan until he got bored ! 
Sunday madness ! Mr. Mousey has been missing for days . Lord Finnegan's favorite toy . I tore the house apart and found him under the stove . I ALREADY LOOKED THERE ! Lord F . was no help at all . I got my entire house cleaned . Mr. Mousie served a purpose :-D 
< PROPFIRST > he was really sexy ! 
see !!!!!!!! WoW guess I am hopeless ;-) 
Patch , patch and more patch . Being 71 certainly has it's little problems . Today dermatologist ... he made me look like I have the measles . I now have red spots all over my face , hands , arm , and one of my legs . Thankfully they are sunspots and not cancerous . Then next Wed . I am finally going to have my right hand fixed . The carpal tunnel problem has turned < PROPMALE > . 
Nothing helps and I am tired of dropping things and writing like I never went to Catholic school . oooooooo's for lines and lines . Nurse told me it is timeout and can't do much for a week . Guess it is time to watch those Netflicks that have been sitting there ;-) 
Patch , patch and again ! Tomorrow at 9 I will hopefully get the carpal tunnel problem solved . It is bad enough when you drop water , it is not good with hot tea , but a glass of vintage wine makes the whole problem an emergency . My doctor has a great sense of humor and a great sense of people ! He said ... you dropped a good glass of wine ???? Surgery as soon as possible :-) 
surgery over . so far so good .. typing with left not good 
today it hurts ... definitely know where the incision is located ! I will not be playing castanets this week :-D 
Splint off-stitches still in-pain on and off-can do anything short of lifting a sack of flour or being careless . Somehow the doctor did not answer my castanet question . He just says .... BE GOOD !!!! when I leave the office . 
Sometimes you just feel expendable ! 
Had such a keystone cops day today that it knocked the depression away . Is it my < PROPFEMALE > ??? Weirdness tickles the hell out of me ! 
Stitches out today . Asked if I had restrictions . Doctor said take it easy for a week ... oh ... forget that ... Do what you want to do ~ !!!! My kind of doctor ;) 
I cannot believe it is 82 degrees here today . It is just wonderful and it is supposed to last for a few more days . Big improvement over the dripping fog ! Sunshine certainly does wonders for the blues ! 
With my Dad and Mother both gone the children told me I am now the Matriarch . Therefore the new profile pic .... I am the < PROPFEMALE > ! No one pays attention to me ... but I am the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Sunshine .. Fisherman's Wharf .. friend Tini Shake .. runs < PROPFEMALE>'s there . Gave us A+ service , free starter , and if the manager came back one more time to see if we were happy I was going to trip him . A day that explains why I live here ! 
There are times when we all need a rainbow . You know there really is a pot of gold at the end ... it is your dreams ! 
Of every 10 people born , 1 is gay . That means 1 of every 10 is \ 
instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in minority and so\ 
much else , all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are \ 
turning to suicide as a way of escaping . 
If you want to tell them that \ 
life will get better and that you respect them for who they are , copy \ 
and paste this . Most of you won't , let's see the 5% of you who will ! 
Computer blew last night . Using < PROPMALE>'s until Monday when they hope to transfer my stuff into his stuff and I can be up and running again in my hideyhole ! 
Yesterday would have been our 27th anniversary . I took him some fresh flowers , a happy anniversary sign that the florist said I should do and said to him < PROPMALE > we are having appliance and computer breakdowns this week ! Now I am going to have your computer ~ what do you think about that ? No answer this time . 
Sometimes he puts notions in my head but he did tell me today to see \ 
what should be deleted before the expert comes . He has tax records are \ 
not for public information ! So now I have to figure what the hell I am \ 
doing ! 
Daughter & grandson coming tomorrow . My computer is down . Using < PROPMALE>'s ... waiting to hear if mine is fixable . I am here but very busy ! 
Rain , rain and more rain . We did not let it put a damper on our fun ! 
I WILL BE WORKING ON THIS COMPUTER FOR DAYS !!!! Windows 7 is a whole new ball game . Go Giants 
Had a great day ! This morning at Science Sunday the museum did Bats & Spiders .... I got to help the children make masks of bats and spiders . It was so much fun ! We were swamped with happy kids . I went up to see the tarantula ... it was so crowded that I just got a glimpse . That was fine for me .... never had a < PROPMALE > to see the bats . I was sooooo busy making masks ! Great way to spend Halloween ! 
Going to watch the election results ! I do hope Prop 19 wins . It will certainly help the crime rate as well as being safer than booze ! 
Life is like a book . If you don't open the pages you will never know what is inside . If you don't go over that next hill you may never see beauty waiting for you . We are all afraid of the unknown and prefer the comfortable . What wonders we might miss 
Two years today part of my heart died . People say time will help . It does not really ~ it just hurts in a different way . 
Special Bun Bun with a sense of direction and looking at the treasures that wait for those of us who know him and the penguin with the kromoli feet ! 
Okay .... now I am getting annoyed like really annoyed ! Eating a biscuit this morning and a tooth broke ! Seems like the patching is almost daily for this old body ! 
Ho Ho is right . Missing tooth and now I come down with the flu/cold . Supposed to go to lunch and was really looking forward to it . Saying \shit\ " again ! " 
Lord Finnegan and I have a wonderful Christmas tree this year . It was given to us by a dear friend who is also my gardener , handyman and Guardian Angel . He drives by here on his way home from work to see that everything is okay . He doesn't stop but if he thinks there is a garbage can that needs to be put up , or watering to do ~ well you get the picture ! Bossy about me doing too much too . \ 
I am his US Grandmother 
I have a terribly amazing block . I leave for Baja , sun , god and relive , Something strong is stopping me from the packing . I want to go . Finney has all sorts of house sitters ... this year I know I have to do this but it is strange . I leave Wednesday ... maybe my God is waiting to tell me something ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS & HAPPY HOLIDAYS TO ALL .... EAT , DRINK & BE < PROPFEMALE > ( that is not spelled < PROPFIRST >!) Love to each and every one of you ! < PROPFEMALE > 
Went out with the bling sisters for lunch at Fisherman's Wharf ... so good to see everyone .. it has been too long ! 
Going to Museum Volunteer potluck tonight ..... more later ! 
