You know what ? No ! I will not have a happy new year . I refuse to do what you tell me to . ;) 

There would have been fireworks , she said . There would have been fireworks ... \ 
Oh , they'll watch us in flight , they'll watch us in flight , they'll watch us in flight ... \ 
And if we go down , we'll go down together .... 
Hmm .... Facebook is interesting .... 
Going to Oregon in four weeks ! Very excited 
Makin fish sticks ! Anyone got fry sauce ? 
Zombie stories crack me up XD 
Got my hair trimmed today . Now I don't feel so scruffy ! ;D Gonna dye it again tomorrow . 
Went to my senior pictures session yesterday and it was freakin ' amazing ! I had tons of fun and my photographer was one cooooool dude . 
It's been one crazy day ... But I got some CUTE stuff while i was out and about . 
It smells like rain over here ! 
Here's a thought : Why do spider's like bathtubs ? O.o \ 
I seem to find them there 4 out of 5 times ... 
Farewell , ladies and gents . The road trip begins and Oregon awaits . :D 
I'm finally home ! Woohoo !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I think of my future and fear clouds my every thought ... But as I create schemes and carve paths , the fog clears and it doesn't seem so frightening anymore . 
is sooooo tired . \ 
I think I'll go to bed early , but at least today was fun ! 
Dylan : ' Ooo ! Reduced fat Oreos!'\ 
Ashlee : ' You can't reduce lard ... ' \ 
XD 
Dylan : ' Ooo ! Reduced fat Oreos!' Ashlee : ' You can't reduce lard ... ' 
I can't believe registration is tomorrow ! Where did the time go !?! 
Aw ... No one is online .... \ 
How sad ! : C 
FINALLY done with cleaning for the day . Now to blow the dust off an old project .... 
is enjoying another night of Hummingbird Wars and Chicken Adventures . 
I love drawing little ninjas ! They're adorable all over my brother's school supplies ... <3 
Woo ! I feel so fit now that I've gotten a workout for the first time all summer . \ 
Thanks for the fantastic hiking trip , loves ! 
I didn't notice til just now , but the storm last night tore up our gazebo ... The ruins look rather ominous . 
Gawd , my head hurts ... I hope it passes . I have too much to do this week to be in pain . :3 
Just watched < PROPFIRST > Witch with my brother and his friend . They are freakin out !! XD 
Redrum ... Redrum ... Redrum .... 
Anybody driving tomorrow ? 
I'm sipping on some sunshine , I'm gonna leave it for the morning in the afterlife . \ 
And she's drunk by the daytime , I bet she feels it just the same\ 
Not anymore ! \ 
<3 Crash Kings 
and\ 
I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would you say \ 
to me ? ( And if you make a comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your\ 
status-fair is fair ! ) 
Just finished my library book , Crank . I don't quite feel myself anymore ... \ 
I need a somewhat happy book . Think I might walk with < PROPMALE > Dresden a while . 
Holy crap guys ! < PROPMALE > in the park is this weekend ! Is anyone else interested ? 
\strangers make the best of friends\ " :D " 
\Answers are nonsense ? Rephrase the question . \ " \ 
Set the metal to the magnet , set the magnet to the wire , set the wire to the speaker but the speaker was on fire !! \ 
-So Many Dynamos , ' We Vibrate , We Do'\ 
I <3 this song so much . 
Note to peoples : I made a new yahoo mail account ! So don't even try to send cool stuff to my old one . Send it here : pelletier.ashlee@yahoo.com 
Woot ! Hyde Park Festival was awesome today ! Thanks for a cool Saturday , chicas . <3 
Hey everyone , it's Talk Like a Pirate Day ! Argggg matey ! 
Every single one of you are on my friend's list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there !! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but as family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really is . I < PROPFEMALE > my family & friendships !!! :) 
Today is my dearest mummy's birthday ! so go write nice things on her wall .... Right now ! 
Holy economy Batman ! <3 I'm researching < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for my entrepreneurship project . I am happy . 
I got a new phone !!! Yay !!! 
Woo ! We're all set for our chefs . Feel free to come over early if you like . 
Oh my < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , I am stuffed !! Thank you < PROPFIRST > for directing us all in making all that fantastic food . And thank you Mom for giving us the time and space to do it . Get outta here , I love ya ! 
What a fantastic day !! Thank you so much , my lovelies . I absolutely can't wait for you-know-what ;) 
It seems as though sleep lost its map on its way to me , but that's alright . The stars have taken me under there wings and they certainly are beautiful tonight . 
Tonight's theme song :\ 
Yeah , I'll tell you something . I think you'll understand . When I say that something . I wanna hold your hand . - Beatles 
Omg this has to be the best night i've had all year !!!!! 
What a night I just had ... Before , at , and after the dance . :3 
I hope that you see me\ 
\ 
Cause I'm staring at you\ 
But when you look over\ 
You look right through\ 
Then you < PROPFEMALE > and kiss her on the head\ 
And I never felt so alive\ 
And so dead <3 
Anyone else want to volunteer with Northwest Animal Companions ? \ 
Send me a note with your email and I'll forward you instructions and info . Make sure to let me know before Wednesday though , or you'll miss the orientation ! 
A sliver of glowing planetary matter inhabits the sky this morning . Make way for the new < PROPFEMALE>'s new beginning . 
We must stamp a sign on Noblitts forehead so he will get the hint already !! - April :D 
Ash's phone is being stupid , oh wait its a virgin it doesn't know wat its doing .... oh dang thats talking bad about us too whoopsies - April :D 
If only Saturday could be a little longer ... ;) 
Hmm ... I feel like dressing up tomorrow , but I don't know what to wear ! 
I apologize ... \ 
Said I'm sorry , now it's your turn , \ 
Can you look me in the eyes and apologize ? \ 
- Hüsker Dü\ 
I think I love this :D 
Nothin like the Bloodhound Gang to inspire some crazy < PROPMALE > <3 
< PROPMALE > and Steph : I finally got an email back from the volunteer coordinator , who gave me a number to call for questions . I left a voicemail , so we might actually have something here ! Keep your fingers crossed and your Saturday free . 
So strange how opportunities come into play just as I need them ... Always happens ... Maybe I'm witchy-er than I first thought . <3 
Ah ... If only I had a real camera on hand today ... <3 
Mellow Yellow : Gay Mountain Dew :D 
Awesome family portrait session this morning ! We got some great shots . And now that I'm home from the dentist , my teeth are shiny !!!!! :D 
So ... Tomorrow is Red Day ... I have red ... Fancy red ... Dare I take dress up week to the next level ? :D 
Mwhahaha < PROPFEMALE > has been hacked by the one and only ninja assassin !!! 
There is a fly buzzing loudly around my room . Every time I hear it , I get up , open my door , and tell it to go away . And it does , eventually . Then , not long after I'm comfortable again , it squeezes under my door and continues flying and buzzing . And I wanna kill it !... Then I realize it's just looking for a light to guide it home . 
When does silent become empty ? 
Oh darling . If you leave me . I'll never make it alone . Believe me when I tell you . I'll never do you no harm . <3 
To the crazy people who want to take their senior pictures in the SNOW : Be thinking about locations and outfits . You'll definitely want to wear something warm and we'll want to find some place that has medium/dark colors to contrast all the white . - <3 
I hope nothing is due tomorrow , ' cause homework is the last thing on my mind :3 
School is so much better on a sugar high :D Thank Mrs < PROPMALE > for Krispy Kremes !!! 
is wishing tomorrow could be Friday ... 
Oh man ... My new obsession ... Two Door Cinema Club :D I'm so in love with this band ! 
Hm . Fascinatin ' .... 
I feel alone already ... 
So yea ... My phone died and took my contacts to the grave ... So if you send me a message that includes ( but is not limited to ( a hello would be nice )) your phone number , I'll add you to a back-up list that will go into my new contacts in 3 - 5 business days . :3 
! enoyrevE gnivigsknahT yppaH 
Finally got started on that Government assignment . My photos are , dare I say , awesome . 
I got a replacement phone , saw Deathly Hallows , and had Chicago Connection for dinner . :D Today is good . 
It makes me laugh when Pandora says that Frou Frou and Imogen Heap are similar artists . X3 
Change\ 
your FB picture to a cartoon from your childhood ! The goal ? To not see a\ 
human face on FB till Monday , Dec 6th . Join the fight against child \ 
abuse and copy/paste this to your status to invite your friends to do \ 
the same 
Ohmygod , this CSI game is so bomb ! 
I might actually continue and finish writing this story . Hooray for determination !! 
If your Left hand is touching your face , your in love . If your right hand is touching your face , your heart broken . If neither are touching your face , you are confident . If your legs are crossed , you are excited for something . \ 
I had 2 out of 4 when I read this ... CREEPY . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a good fright ! Muahahaha .... <3 
Good Christmas ! Bad aftermath ... Nobody come near me ! I'm under quarantine !! 
I think I'm tired now .... Kinda . Sorta . Maybe .... I'll try again . 
I had the strangest dreams ... \ 
-Skating on black ice with sneakers in the school parking lot , which is a total adrenaline rush\ 
-Running from black-suited agents while disguised as an office aid\ 
-Driving through a labyrinth of stacked buildings with < PROPMALE > ; now that I think about it , his truck shouldn't have been able to navigate that\ 
... all in a row ! It was incredible . 
I feel like half my body is gone , so one-sided . How am I suppose to function ? 
Holy robotics , Batman . These next six weeks are going to be a rollercoaster to hell and back . 
The road to the apocalypse is paved with disposable food containers , my friend ! 
Omg ... I just bought a tablet ... Thank you Auntie and Uncle !!! Oh , and Cousin too . 
IT'S HERE ! IT'S HERE IT'S HERE IT'S HERE IT'S HERE IT'S HEEEEEERRRRRREEEEEE XD 
Red Bull 
Leave < PROPMALE > alooooooonnnneeeee ! 
Mom , I'm a polygamist . 
And the week comes to an end so another can begin ... 
\How are we supposed make out with the stars of the concert ?! \ " \ 
You ! Go to Google right now and play with the logo ! \ 
It's infinitely entertaining . 
I'll just lie here \ 
With this faint chalk outline 
Great night ; terrible morning . What ever would I do without you , love ? 
Found six new songs to listen to ! ' Bout time I gave Passenger a rest . :3 
I'm done ! HA HA ! Take that you evil , evil project . 
Woot ! I has new belts . 
Great Wall delivers . It's amazing . 
Has anyone else noticed that our profiles say \Went to MVHS \"...?" 
Hm . I've had stranger days . 
CHERRY ! \ 
Mmm ... cherries ... 
Hellooooooo touch screen ! 
I've finally experienced a < PROPFEMALE > rain ! XD My life is now complete . 
Who has done the government paper !?!?! This is so frustrating ... 
Only 21% plagerized ! Hell yea !! 
Ahhhhghrtklfkibvoitlakjfldijoiut .... My feet . They hurt . And SOMEONE won't text me back ! 
I got a 92% on my senior project !!!! Can i get a booyah !? 
I really wanna go dancing , but no way in hell do I wanna go alone XD 
I'm wearing shorts !! 
I'm HOOOOOOMMMME ! 
