dude finals are coming up , and I really hope I don't fail 

booyah ! Saints owned at superbowl ! :D ( this goes out to all the Payton Manning fans out there ) 
I just got back from Camp Rilea :) 
I really really hate school 
Me and Devyn are officially broken up . 
god , sometimes I get so fed up with all the drama , backbiting , and carrying on that creates a moving inedscapable sea around me . WHY CAN'T PEOPLE JUST DO WHAT THEY SAY AND SAY WHAT THEY MEAN ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
I hate Tuesdays , bad things always freakin happen to me on Tuesdays ! 
yeah , it spring break ! :D 
ugh , I'm such a hypocrite :( 
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
psychosematic ! psychosematic ! psychosematic ! I wish I knew what it meant ... 
bleh ! I hate this :( 
I'm an emotionless husk of hypocritical , unfeeling slime ... a complete and utter failure ... and no matter what I end up doing , it won't make a bit of a difference , and I have less than a < PROPMALE > in hell of changing that , what could have possibly possessed me to think someone else would respect something like that and actually care about it ... 
ugh , I hate weekdays ... except Thursday , glad that the week is over ! 
I swear that I'm going insane 
I hate everything , who can actually say that and mean it , but when you think you're a normal stable person , and you find out you're wrong , you start to find out some startling things about yourself , like how I found out that I hate everything , and despise everyone , I guess that makes me a selfish jerk , how rude of me . 
I hate this . 
why do people take it upon themselves to snub and squash each other , it's a pointless , evil thing to do ... humans are rude , cruel little creatures , I'm gonna keep trying to be polite and not judge people ... 
God , today was the first wednesday I've enjoyed in a LONG time ! WHOOOOOOOO !!!!!! freakin awesome ! :D 
a good reputation is worth more than gold ? I'd have to agree , but when people take it into their minds to wreck , it sure takes forever to make people see who you really are . 
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalaalalalalalalalalalalalallalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalaalalalalalallalalalalaalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalala !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! peanuts 
THIS IS THE FIRST GOOD TUESDAY OF MY LIFE !!!!!! AND TO TOP IT ALL OFF , I GOT MY PHONE BACK AND I GOT MY COMPUTER FIXED !!!!!! 
for everyone who doesn't know , that friends expose dapp is sending things that I didn't allow or do 
well , < PROPFEMALE > is sure hitting me hard for having a good tuesday , this weeks gonna be tough , but at least I've had alot of fortunate things happen to dampen my usually deppressively pessimistic self :) 
first wolves , now dragonflies , soon the moles'll be here , gotta stop them before they take even more of the cupcakes ... 
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalalal ..... lalalalala ...? 
ugh , I'm so confused right now , it's like I'm freakin floating outside of my body man , this is weird 
just got back from watching Avatar again with some friends , and Kat , why weren't you there ? 
I'm so bored right now 
I'm on a CCR roll guys , they're like the only band I've been listening to recently :D 
I do so enjoy screwing with people :D 
I'm in that weird dead like mood when you want to do something , but you don't know what it is ... 
I've been acting so rude today 
god ! this is so freaking insane ! 
I'm such a freakin idiot sometimes , I'm just freakin tired of dealing with all this DRAMA ! 
I'm anxious for this week of suckiness to end 
augh ! 
I wish I had something to do ... 
guess what people ! I'm in a good mood ! \ 
enjoy it while you can . -_- 
woke last night to the sound a ' thunda'\ 
how far off , I sat an ' wonda'd\ 
startin hummin a song from 1962\ 
ain't it funny how the night moves\ 
when you just don't seem to have as much to lose ... \ 
strange how the night moves ... 
I love the song I'm listening to 
ugh ... 
blech ! Rascal Flatts , you suck , < PROPMALE > Cochrane's the only one who ever made Life is a Highway sound any good . 
church was ok today , a bit more BORING than I thought it would be , but it was ok ... 
haha , \ 
ihr Narren ! Ich werde dich vernichten ! :D 
Niemand\ 
kann mich stoppen ! Ich will essen alle \ 
Ihre Zimtrollen 
und \ 
< PROPFEMALE > werde ich ein zufälliges Wort nach meinem Kommentar zu posten ! 
haha , if you guys find out what all my foreign language post say , write it in the comments :D 
congragulations ! it's mixed emotions and random violence week ! tell all of your insane multiple personalities about it ! have a party , but don't kill anyone I know ... 
wow , I was really depressed today , but after bossing around some basic drill and march yuppies , I feel much better ! :D 
walking in my dreams , the colored glass imitates my thoughts , \ 
the chasing forgetful game , isn't what it seems , \ 
something has changed the room , things are no longer the same , \ 
something comes out of the shadow of < PROPFEMALE > , a dark shape carries my doom , 
haha , I was in an evil villian mood today ! >:D 
I'ma hummin a lil ' ditty in meh head , doo da < PROPFIRST > da doo < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > doo ! :D 
well I woke up Friday mornin , with no way to hold my head , that didn't hurt , and the s *** that I called my breakfast , wasn't bad , so I had some more , for my dessert , then I stumbled to my closet , through my clothes and found my cleanest , dirty shirt , then tumbled down the stairs , and walked on out the door , to meet the day ... \ 
haha , I dare someone to name the song the I just made a parody of !!!! :D 
isn't it just awesome when ou find something or someone that makes you so happy you just wanna stare at the sky and hum to yourself and eat some bagels dipped in < PROPFEMALE > milk , yum :P 
haha , movies at 9:00 , sweetness :D 
well ... this was a crappy weekend , shoulda known that < PROPFEMALE > would bite me in the ass , good things don't happen to those who don't deserve it sometimes . I guess I'm just one of those people who gets what they deserve ... 
I just burned a whole bunch of CCR songs onto my ipod , I'm so excited , \Playin in a travellin band ! yeah I'm playin in a travellin band !!! \ " WHOOT !!!!! :D " 
I sat throught that entire spring program for nothing , waste of an evening . 
hmm ... I wish I had a car , I'd get a huge truck . 
I'm sittin here a wishin , that I had somethin < PROPFEMALE > do , but maybe things are gonna get better soon , fingers crossed :) 
I'm ... bored ... 
oh what is more decietful than young love , what is more euphoric , painful , short and wonderful , to take two innocents , so gullible , and make them love without a care , then take it away , be woeful , love is a cleverly set snare . 
my computer's fan is freakin broken !!!! 
my computer's fan is broken , so this is the first time Ive online in 6 weeks ! 
lalalala < PROPMALE>'s World ! :D 
MY COMPUTER IS FINALLY FIXED AFTER 12 WEEKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
anyone know the name of that song ? 
I FINALLY GOT A NEW COMPUTER AND INTERNET !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
you know , some people might think I'm morbidly insane and bipolar , but I don't care I enjoy < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s movies , and grimm < PROPFEMALE > tales ( the REAL ones with the horrible endings that teach useful lessons ) and sometimes I wish I was able to juggle fireballs and not despise shiny vampires , buuuuut I just can't take the < PROPFIRST > Beiber fans seriously . 
who here agrees that getting your computer fixed after going four or five months being technologically celibate and that selfish dramatic crybabies are annoying say ' Aye'! and then go try macaroni burritos if you are already eating one and while you're at it , listen to something you've never listened to before , like the Eagles or a classic band you haven't listened to before and give it a < PROPMALE > because remember .... 
damn I forgot , rant rant rant etc . and how about I don't supersize that for you ma'am ... or uh ... sir ? \ 
time for dancin :D ( they don't have a demented emoticon , so this will suffice)\ 
%P 
lalalalalalalalalalalalalalaWAIT ! oh my goodness ... the mice have invaded again ... 
you know those people you think you could be great friends with because they're fun to be around , but you just don't talk to them much , why is it so hard to just go and talk to people sometimes ... hmm ... 
pandora radio rocks ! 
Get your motor runnin , head out on the high way , lookin for adventure , and whatever comes our way ... BORN TO BE WIIIIIIIIILD !!!!!! \ 
let it rain down on me Steppenwolf , I'm just in that mood 
man ... I hate randomly posting things no one will ever read , but I'm really bored ... 
1 : Say what you've learned about me while looking at your wall for 13 seconds\ 
2 : Say what color I remind you of \ 
3 : Say your first memory of me\ 
4 : Say what animal I remind you of\ 
5 : Ask me something you've always wondered about me\ 
6 : Say your favorite thing about me\ 
7 : Give me a weird nickname\ 
8 : Tell me what's on my shirt right now\ 
9 : Give yourself a challenge to post this as your status\ 
( revised ) 
just got back from Scream at the Beach , wasn't that scary , but I liked how creative they were , I actually scared two of the people working there :D 
I'm-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma gonna hit you in the face with a happy hammer :D 
I got a fohawk yesterday , most everyone seemed to think it is an improvement , except for < PROPMALE > , but he sucks and said that to spite me , so yay ! new look for this quarter ... now if only I could find where I left my favorite sock ... 
isn't it funny how this thing always has the same question on it , \What's on your mind ? \ " \ 
our squirrel just died , and his body is in rigamortis , I just went to feed him and he was dead :( 
I buried the squirrel tonight , it's kind of disconcerting to shovel dirt on the stiff little body of something that big , he had gotten pretty fat living with us , but he's burried in the < PROPMALE > now ... 
Just got home from Illinois , \ 
locked the front door , oh boy ! \ 
got to sit down , take a rest on the porch , \ 
immagination sets in , pretty soon I'm thinking , \ 
doo doo doo lookin out my back door ! 
they need to have a \really dislike\ " button to go with the whole \ " like\ " thing " 
uh ~ ! \ 
I love good music , but sometimesnot everyone agrees with your veiws of what's \good\ " \ 
peace out my pumpernickle flavored lilypad sandwiches , I'm sleeeeeeepy ... 
ok , seriously , how many people think I'm crazy ? If you have something to contribute , comment , so I can argue with you and find some devilish weakness of yours I can exploit when I turn you into a mindless zombie slave and use you to take over the world , rant rant rant etc . 
don't you love it when a song just finds that spot inside you where you have to dance ? when it has the perfect funky beat and you feel like busting it old school ! oh yeah ! 
damn . I really hate almost being able to hate someone that I really want to hate and despise for no good reason other than that they have something they don't deserve that I sometimes wish I had ... matbe I shouldn't post this ... maybe I should stop talking to myself through the keyboard and just have a verbal self argument about morals and whether hate or extreme displeasure is an appropriate response in that situation 
Fall Fest was awesome , me and < PROPFIRST > had a good time :) 
man ! I hate this ! I hate when it's late at night , you don't want to sleep , you have no one to talk to , but you feel all ... empty and bored , like there's something you need to do , but you just end up on Facebook :( 
I love The Eagles ! 
damn , relationships are complicated ... I'll never understand why we make them even more complicated when we don't have to ... 
for all of you Nazi Zombie players out there , I recently saw the preview for CoD 6 Nazi Zombies , and oh my god is it funny , even if you don't play , it's totally hilarious ! xD 
so freakin bored 
wow ... I never noticed it before , but they were right , ALOT of country music is sad ... but it's the good type of sad that makes you think about your life and learn about yourself , not slip into a depressive state of feeling sorry for yourself like all that punk emo music 
YAY ! < PROPMALE > and JD got back together ! I've been waiting for that to happen for weeks ! yes , I'm a Scrubs fan and I want the DVD box set . DON'T JUDGE ME ! 
I wish I had some better Profile pics 
ugh , I hate it when there's only one thing you want to do , and you can't . 
if I've ever made you feel good about yourself , please comment and tell me how . And likewise , if I've ever out you down , comment . I want to see if I really have been as much of a jerk as I've been led to believe :) 
ugh , I'm such a horrible communicator . I understand people easy , and I can read most people like a book . But I suck at communicating what I'm thinking 
I hate LOL ! I hate LOLing ! I hate LOLers . I hate the whole LOLering system ! I propose we ban LOL from our schools , our cell phones , our facebook pages ! Listen to me people ! TOGETHER ! WE CAN STOP THIS ... LOLorist attack that has destroyed our nation ! 
The rest of my life . Oh wait , that's wasn't really a question was it ? no , it was the damn thing you put to elicit a response from the billions of drones you've sucked into your evil mad house that spawns anti-social diseases ... how did I turn into a drooling facebook zombie ? Never get your hopes up for something that has a less than 60% rate of success . And for clarification , that's EVERYTHING ! 
yay ! I'm happy ! :D \ 
here's a list of words I hate . \ 
1 . Hyper\ 
2 . LOL\ 
3 . Epic\ 
4 . Sorry\ 
5 . OMG\ 
5 . OMGLOLJK\ 
6 . ROFL\ 
7 . ROFLOL\ 
8 . OMGROFLMAO\ 
9 . Every text lingo thing other than TTYL BTW , because they are actually useful\ 
10 . Love , because no one who says it on a regular basis actually means it , or even knows what it means\ 
\ 
* Words < PROPFEMALE > hates*\ 
1 . Every swear word 
wow ! my mom is a great cook , we had Thanksgiving early this year cause my mom works all week , and MAN ! that was delicious :P \ 
I really want to take a nap :) 
emotions are slippery illogical things . No matter how justified you feel about them , it seems as though admitting to them only makes your life worse 
I'm bored and lonely :( \ 
here's a list of things I love :\ 
1 . Good music\ 
2 . An cold autumn day with a warm wind and cool rain\ 
3 . my doggie\ 
4 . my family\ 
5 . and understanding God who cares\ 
6 . a good book\ 
7 . * classified*\ 
8 . smart people who aren't as obnoxious as me :) \ 
9 . nightmares/dreams 
Want to make a positive change in your life ? want to be successful , have more friends , or build better relationships ? You might want to try digging your head out from between ... * cuts to static * JUST STOP BEING SO SELF-ABSORBED AND FOCUSED SO SELFISHLY ON YOUR EMOTIONS !!!! >:( 
wow . The whole \change your profile pic to a cartoon character really went around fast ! \ 
message me a number , and I'll tell you what I think of you , I promise I won't be mean >:D ( seriously though , I doubt there's anything seriously bad about any of you ) 
9957 . You have always been a mixed source of enjoyment , worry , and minor disappointment ... BUT you have also been a great friend , and I'm glad I was able to be there with you through the worst of times and the fun ones , and to see you make changes in your life and to learn from your mistakes , makes me proud of you , and I hope you go on to do great things , just remember that I'll be praying for you :) 
24 . You are so fun to be around , I wish that we could hangout and stuff :) \ 
you have such a fun , fiery spark , but you've made bad choices in your life , I don't pretend to know them , and I don't judge you for them , cause no amount of mistakes can make who you are any less special :) \ 
just remember that someone cares for you and wants you to succeed in life :) 
1046.2 \ 
you have a keen intellect . You are one of the few people who understands what I'm talking about pretty much all the time , although I do think you need to have more confidence in yourself as a person , and not just in your abilities . You could also stand to take a break and have fun more often . But all in all you're a good guy . \ 
keep it up dude , but maybe lighten up a bit too ;) 
Just got back from church , wasn't that bad :) 
ugh ... Japanese Giant Hornets ... freaking scary ! 
I think I really want to get in shape by this summer , of course , very few , if any people will read this , much less care . I don't mind , I know all of you simply come on here out of habit , addiction , boredom or ... some sinister conspiratorially insane motive ... \ 
* shifts eyes back and forth * 
somethin about funk ... just makes me wanna ... BUST A MOVE ! \ 
I swear I should have grown up in the 70's 
Jst got back from the CAA talent show , I ate so many Coconut cookies and I think I had about 5 sodas . Good to see everyone again though :) 
ugh , I've been sick for the past two or three days , I can't remember . First time I've ever had headaches , much less chronic headaches , and I'm pretty sure I was hallucinating the other night . Oh well , not a big concern for anyone and it was pointless to post . I think I'd be seriously surprised if anyone actually checked my profile , seems pointless , you'd have to be bored out of your mind and suffering from dementia 
I'm going to Disneyland . 
yay ! I'm back from Disneyland ! for the few of you who noticed I was gone :D 
spring is coming , winter is ending . I just got back from a very good walk . Next time it rains , everyone should take a walk and get a feel for that post-winter/pre-spring air ! Smell that cool lingering feeling in the air and the bright new lives of the plants , everything smells starker in the rain :) 
I don't know what to do with myself . What are you supposed to do when something rocks your world and you don't know what to do about it , or if you should have done something a long time ago ... 
wehe denen , die Liebe . Das Schicksal verschwört sich gegen die Narren 
