Wondering if I'll EVER like food AGAIN ! 

I had to pick < PROPMALE > up off the floor ! We're having a GIRL !!!!! 
Second set of shots today !!!! My poor baby girl , she's gonna cry ! 
the shots went well ... phew ! tubbo is also in the 75th percentile for weight and the 90th for height ! she's doing a lot of things at a 6 month level . the doctor also thinks her eye color is set . poor < PROPMALE > ... 
! 
I must be INSANE .... makin tostones ... Oh well , < PROPMALE > sure deserves them ! 
I love my cousin < PROPFEMALE > sooooooo much ! She is smart , and funny , and HOT , and stylish , and she is my MENTOR ! And I wanna be just like her !!!!!!!!!! ALWAYS ! 
Got back into my size 9 J-Lo jeans today ! WOOT FREAKIN WOOT !!!! On my way back to the size 7 apple bottoms .... partial victory is awesomely sweet when it comes to weight loss !!!!!!!!! 
Mmmmm .... steak and onions RICAN style ! WOOT-WOOT ! I LOVE COOKING ! 
< PROPFEMALE > has had two funny little spots on her bottom gums for a couple of days now that are becoming much more noticeable ..... OH MY GOSH MY BABY'S FINALLY GETTING TEETH ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is 7 months old today ! Crazy ! And I can see her two little white bottom teeth poking through , FINALLY !! What a big girl she is already ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s second stubborn tooth is taking it's sweet time coming in ! She is making sure we feel real bad for her though , LOL ! I'm finding out she can be quite dramatic ! She must get that from < PROPMALE > ....... ;-P 
That stubborn second tooth FINALLY poked through today ! Yay ! We'll get our < PROPFEMALE > back for a bit while we wait for the next set ;-P We had a great weekend , it was so awesome to see < PROPFEMALE > and Rylee and see the girls play ! 
... Only an Aunt can hug like a mommy , keep secrets like a sister , and love like afriend . If you're an Aunt who loves her nieces and nephews , repost this as your status ? xoxo Austen < PROPFIRST > ( aged 14 ) and Rylee Addison ( aged 6 months ) ? 
svu was soooo awesome tonight ! 
So little miss < PROPFEMALE > already has another bottom tooth coming in ! Where in the heck are the top ones ? LOL ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is 8 months old today ! and wearing her first pair of tights ! what a grown up already ! 
< PROPFEMALE > didn't like to wear big girl tights . We'll have to work on that ! She is getting MUCH closer to crawling forward instead of backward . She'll be mobile in no time at all !!!! And she started clapping these last few days ! It's so dang cute ! She gets excited and claps her little hands , or if she misses , hits herself in her fat belly ! She cracks me up !!!! 
went daycare shopping today .... sigh ! we found a place to take < PROPFEMALE > where we will of course woory about her , but we won't have heart attacks when we have to leave her there . besides , she is so tough ! she'll beat up anyone that looks at her funny ..... right ? :[ 
So , It's looking like we are going to have to part with our precious doggies . It's so sad . Can anyone help me find a good home for a 5 year old 25 lb fat Chinese Crested that has a problem with peeing ( he must be watched a LOT and taken out often to fix that ) , and a 6 1/2 year old 130 lb Great < PROPMALE > that has no problems at all ( she's just a little slooooooowwww is all) ???? These are great kids , they need a GOOD home ! 
< PROPFEMALE > started crawling today !!!!! YAYYYYYY ! 
< PROPFEMALE > starts daycare tomorrow ! How am I gonna do this ??? I think < PROPMALE > is even more upset than I am ! I'll be calling them every hour , they're gonna get sick of me . TOO BAD ! 
So far < PROPFEMALE > is doing well in daycare . They find her adorable , and she is smiling as usual ! I am so glad ! They said she is very curious about her surroundings . Her teacher was really nice , and < PROPFEMALE > went to her with a sweet smile when I handed her over . Oh , my sweet funny baby ! YAY ! 
Another update , LOL !!!! < PROPFEMALE > is doing GREAT ! When the other 3 babies started crying she got scared and started crying too . But they picked her up and she calmed down quickly , she just needed to know everything was ok ! Now they are playing with dragons on the floor . That's cool . No wimpy toys for my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > did so well at daycare yesterday ! My only gripe was they changed her pants and didn't make sure her outfit matched ! SIGH ! She is doing well today too , having some carrots and cereal , and ' talking . ' I could hear her ! I LOVE HER ! I can't WAIT to pick her up later ! 
So we ' popped in ' on < PROPFEMALE > at daycare . I made sure she didn't see me but I wanted to be sneaky and see what was up ! She was so cute ! Sitting on the floor with 2 other babies playing with a toy ! She had that look where she's concentrating and her cheeks are all fat and her lips stickin out . 2 more hours til I pick her up !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is doing better every day at daycare . Today she was smiling and cooing at her teacher as soon as we got there . It was SO CUTE ! Yesterday they asked if they could give her crackers . I said yes , but don't be alarmed at her loud gagging , LOL ! She did gag ! So they put her high chair facing the other 8-month-old . She watched that little girl and decided she could tough it out ! So she ate some crackers ! LOL ! 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > is officially sick , for the very first time . She still smiles a lot , but she's all congested and her little nose is running away ! I tried so hard to keep my germs away from her , I didn't get to kiss her all week , and she STILL got my cooties ! I sure kissed her up good today ! Now the next time she'll get sick from daycare ! CRAPOLA ! 
We found a home for < PROPFEMALE > ! YAAAAAAAAY ! I am so glad ! 
I can't WAIT to cook a turkey !!!!! I think I'll grind some up and see if Willa-boo likes it ! Poor kid needs to bulk up a little ;-P 
I just seasoned and bagged my turkey , HOORAY !!!!! There is something quite sadistically satisfying about stabbing him up to get the flavor in ... LOL . And < PROPMALE > can't watch , that is so funny . And this year our turkey still had a few feathers . That was weird . I had to pluck him a little bit . I tried to hide that from < PROPMALE > . LOL . He saw . Uh-oh . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Hehehe , I just went through and listed all of my family members . There are so many ! If I left anyone off , I am sorry , just let me know and I'll add you !!!!! It's not because I don't love you , I promise ! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? to not see a human face on facebook until monday , Dec 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy/paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . It's a fun easy way to spread awareness . 
Wilhelmina-beana is 9 months old today ! And the poor thing has to get her shots :( Poooooooor baby ! 
Ok , so it wasn't so bad . < PROPFEMALE > only got a flu shot ! She is doing very well , and is in the 76th percentile for weight , and the 96th for height !!!!!! SHE IS SO TALL ! I love it . I hope she's even taller than her mama ! 
< PROPFEMALE > still has a fever . I called the doctor and they said that's normal and she can have one for up to a week !! WHAT ?!? I hope not ! I want her better plus I can't miss that much work ! 
So far < PROPFEMALE > seems to be much better ! The fever broke , I hope it stays broke ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is doing so much better , i am so glad !! her teacher at daycare said she was suuuuuper happy today ! awww , she missed her lil friends ! i am so glad she's better ! 
UGH ! Still at work ! What a long day ! Almost done for today though ! It's going quicker than I thought it would ! I miss < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :( 
BACK at work ! Left at about 11 last night , just got back about 15 minutes ago . Um .... yay ? 
ok .... my weekend is starting now ! yay ! 
< PROPFEMALE > kept chasing after me this morning to snap my fishnet stockings with her funny little fingers . She had some weird fascination with them . She's also been ' kissing ' people . If she likes you she'll just lick you right up your whole cheek . Beware . 
YAY FRIDAY ! 
Alright then , that is IT ! LOL ! I am going to follow my < PROPMALE>'s lead and start getting rid of people ! If you are not related to me ( relatives get a free pass ) and you don't at least give me a ' whud up ' in the next couple of days I'm un-friending you . Yes . This means YOU ! Because , come ON ! Why friend someone if you never actually want to talk to them ? I don't need peeps that don't give a crap clogging up my wall . 
The snow outside is so pretty ! The flakes are HUGE ! < PROPFEMALE > wondered what the heck was going on , LOL ! 
Yesterday when I picked < PROPFEMALE > up from daycare one of her teachers I haven't really met came up to me to tell me how adorable she thinks < PROPFEMALE > is ! She said she's just the cutest baby the have , and that she is very very smart for her age ! COOL ! I mean , I knew all that , but still ... YEAH ! LOL 
We have been trying to teach < PROPFEMALE > to be ' soft ' since we are not cool with loosing an eye , or any other part of our face she wants to rip off when she's excited . Yes , she will slap the hell outta you too . So we pout at her with our bottom lip out and tell her ' OW!' She feels bad she starts to cry !!!! AWWWW ! It's so sad , but she has to learn it hurts ! I don't think she knows yet , she just feels bad that we are so sad ! 
Ugh .... Is it STILL Monday ? 
Sent my check out the other day to sponsor Junydine ( 80 bucks a year and she goes to school and gets a hot meal while there ) . I can't WAIT to get all the info back on her . I am excited to send her some little dresses and some baby clothes for the other little girls in her little village . 
< PROPFEMALE > is 10 months old today ! That's just plain crazy . 
Willa-boo keeps on getting sturdier ! She's always wanting to stand up while holding on to stuff . I think she's going to be walking so soon !!! 
There's a site called Spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , etc . You can remove yourself by searching for yourself on their site , copying the URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , then go to the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on Privacy button to remove yourself . Copy & repost so your FB friends are aware 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > is talking !!!! That's what I'm callin it anyway , I say it counts . She dropped something while she was standing up holding on to her changing table . She said ' uh-ohhhh!' and bent to pick it up !!!!!!!!!! HOW COOL IS THAT ?!?!?! I repeated it , and she laughed and said it again ! She knows what it means for cryin out loud ! 
Heheheh ..... < PROPFEMALE > stopped saying ' uh-oh ' so much and is now saying ' nuh-uh ' as she shakes her head ! LOL !!!! She is so funny and ADORABLE ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s vocabulary is ever expanding ! Along with saying ' uh-oh , ' ' hiiiiiii , ' ' ma-ma , ' and ' da-da , ' she is now saying ' < PROPMALE>!' < PROPMALE > DID get her to say his name on Saturday . She wouldn't do it again though . She also turned 11 months old yesterday ! One more month .... sigh . 
To celebrate ? Valentines Day ? change your profile picture to you and your spouse and tell how long you have been together .. \ 
Been together for almost 6 years , married for almost 2 years , been buddies for almost 14 years !!!!!! I love you Dirka Jirka Butley !!!!!!! 
I had a great Valentin'es Day ! < PROPMALE > snuck into my work on Sunday night , so I had balloons , a card , and truffles waiting for me . That was awesome . And < PROPFEMALE > thought the balloons were cool , when I put her in the car yesterday evening after picking her up from daycare she kept saying , \whoa ! \ " Hilarious ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > stood up without holding on to anything and took two steps !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOW ! 
< PROPFEMALE > has added a few more words to her vocabulary ! We now have a pretty full list : daddy , muh-muh ( that's me ) , hiiiii , bye-bye , uh-oh , nuh-uh , Aah-chee ( that's < PROPMALE > , and every dog ) , NOOOO , ruff-ruh ( that's Grandpa ) , and bay-ee ( for her baby < PROPMALE > ) . I guess a couple of those aren't really words , but they count to me ! Notice there are no swear words in there ..... Surprising . 
Yesterday < PROPFEMALE > was checking out what was in all the kitchen cabinets she could reach . She found the cooking utensils , pulled out a big spoon , and was besties with it the rest of the night . What was so cool , was that when she found it , she stood up with it for a long time , then took 5 steps over to me , then stood by me for even longer ! If she would have realized what she was doing , she probably would have fallen . 
Happy Birthday to my < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's official ( I say ) .... < PROPFEMALE > is walking on her first birthday ! After most of the guests left , she just kept standing up on her own and walking ! Like , 5 and 6 steps at a time ! It's crazy ! YAY < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > had her 12 month appt today . They poked her 5 times !!!! It was so sad . Shots are worth it . :( She's so tough though , she didn't cry for long . She is only weighing 21 1/2 lbs , in the 55th percentile for weight , but she is 31 1/2 inches long , the 98th for height . She's gonna be taller than me ! 
< PROPFEMALE > was in a great mood today ! YAY ! I was worried about her after she got so many shots yesterday . She even has a little bruise around one of them . Poor baby . She is happy though , so I am too ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s been getting a little whole milk for the past couple of days . We haven't seen a reaction yet ! I really hope this continues to go well . I'm upping her ' milk dosage ' tonight and if all still goes well , we'll up it again on Sunday . She could be fully on whole milk by the end of next week ! Oh- by the way ... I tried to just give it to her straight and of course she gagged . Thats why we're getting into it slowly . 
< PROPFEMALE > ate so many strawberries on Saturday ! I would ask her , ' do you want more ? ' And she would say ' mo ! mo!' So cute . Then we brought out the asparagus .... she loved it ! This kid is nuts !!!! She ate a lot of it .... then her pee smelled funny yesterday . If only she was old enough to understand why daddy thought that was so funny ! LOL ! 
we are at the doctor . < PROPFEMALE > has rsv and it pretty much gave her an ear infection ! she is still happy , with intermittent crying . sigh . 
Willa-boo is doing ok today . Not coughing a lot , but she has a little fever and she is cranky . She is trying to be happy and play , but she stops often to complain . Poor baby . 
< PROPFEMALE > and i are watching romancing the stone ! i haven't seen this in forever . poor < PROPFEMALE > is actually sitting still . she seems a lot better than yesterday , but still isn't herself . how sad ! 
Well , < PROPFEMALE > is back in daycare today . She is feeling MUCH better . That was demonstrated when she lunged at her teacher this morning , she was glad to be back with her little friends !!!!! YAY !!!!!! 
when i picked < PROPFEMALE > up from daycare i was informed that not only was she happy and awesome , her and her little friend played all day . they kissed their toys ... muah ! then they lloked at each other and- muah ! kissed each other . cute ! < PROPMALE > thinks this is promising . 
< PROPFEMALE > is such a scavenger ! She is always looking for little things to put in her mouth . I am constantly telling her things are ca-ca , so now she keeps saying it ! LOL- EVERYTHING is ca-ca ! It seems to be the only word she DOESN'T say at the right time . She called < PROPMALE > ca-ca , heheheheheh .... 
Sometimes , ya gotta un-friend people . Not just on facebook , but real life too . There are always two sides to every story , so hopefully at some point some would want to hear my side . I just don't need people in my life that make me feel like nothing , and I sure as shit ain't gonna let people like that affect my child . I am here to protect her , and I will with every ounce of strength that I have until the day I die . 
THAT'S NOT FAIR !!! I FULLY wanted to see the beautiful Marika Fruscio's stuff !!!!! I'm not ashamed to admit it !!!! LMAO !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > got ' more ' and ' all done ' down < PROPFIRST > in sign language today , cuz she is super smart ! Then she was mimicking a frog .... ' ribbut , ribbut!' First part = mom and second part = dad ! Bwah-ha-ha-ha-haaah ! 
Damn , I sat there and clicked all those things .... I have too much time on my hands after < PROPFEMALE > goes to sleep . At least i got to compliment all my friends !!!!! 
happy birthday to my wonderful dad !!! from your best present ever , hahahahahahah ! 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think 
Happy 31st birthday to the most wonderful man , husband , and father in the world ...... my < PROPMALE > !!!!!!! YAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYY !!!!! 
Please repost this if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the damn face . People who need a punch in the damn face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the damn face , except a punch in the damn face . 93% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the damn face ! 
I am so glad my dad is feeling a little better after 4 days of being terribly sick ! I sure hope this ends soon and he gets back to his old self !!!!! I LOVE HIM ! 
