My mommy is playing LPS Mall Madness with < PROPFEMALE > , the boys are playing the wii , my man is disecting a computer , and its obvious what Im doing , lol .. 

Man I have weird dreams , lol ... 
Just started this ... Heard it is better then myspace 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone :) 
Trying to figure out how to add photos , lol .. 
I finally am getting pics up for friends to see :) 
I need my coffee :) 
Kids driving me nuts , lol 
Starting to put up Christmas decorations :) 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > McLachlan now :) 
I need coffee .. 
Family pictures went Great !! 
In the process of bringing up a new kitchen table :) 
Feeling blah 
Hanging up more Christmas lights :) 
Debating what to do today ... Probably just cleaning , lol 
Finished christmas shopping for the kids , now im broke ... lol 
Christmas is almost here :) 
Feeling blah this morning ... and am already sick of this winter weather 
Getting ready to go to bed ... Zzzzzzz 
Need to do laundry ... ugh 
Had a good Christmas :) I hope everyone did as well 
Had a good time with my family tonight .. Love you :) 
I had to take the christmas tree down already because the cat kept knocking it over ... Dangit !! 
My mommy is coming for a visit from TX and she will be here tomorrow , yayy :) 
Heading to watch my sons wrestling practice :) 
I can be such a blonde .. After I wrote my status last night , I locked myself out of my home thinking I had my keys on me . But to my dismay I didn't , I left them on the kitchen table ! I had to ask the neighbors to take my son to wrestling practice and to drag their ladder over and climb in my living room window to get in . What would I do without good neighbors , lol ! 
My brain is not working right now , I need my coffee , lol 
For some reason facebook is running really slow ... its aggravating :/ 
Getting ready to go to Wilkes-Barre to see my bff < PROPFEMALE > and her baby Jaykob :) 
Just relaxing and having my morning coffee :) 
Getting kids ready for school ... 
Look < PROPFIRST > !! Remember this :) 
Feeling kinda depressed today .. :( 
Feeling a little better ... still aggravated at my man :/ 
Had a good time at < PROPFEMALE>'s this wknd .. but getting sick was not fun :( 
Everybody is feeling better now .. thank god , that was awful 
Cleaning , cleaning , and more cleaning 
I might be single again ... this just sucks . But then maybe its a good thing 
Men !! They are just as complicated as women can be 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > to her bf's bday party ... I will probably have fun too , lol 
This snow is Carazy , lol ! I still have to go out and shovel it ... The man is definitely helping me . 
Attempting to make cookies from scratch with Lilly ... They seem to be turning out ok , lol 
Got a haircut ... will post pics soon .. I like it :) 
Going to get my wisdom teeth out tomorrow ... eeekkk .. 
I survived getting my wisdom teeth out , lol . Felt crappy yesterday , but feel suprisingly well today .. Not as bad as I thought it would be :) 
Chilling with < PROPFEMALE > this week :) 
It was fun to see the kids have fun with their Poppi today :) 
Took the kids to the park yesterday , I had a blast as well :) Then went out for my friends bday . 
The kids are ACTUALLY with their dad for the weekend .. Im in shock , lol 
Heading to bed shortly .. Had a rough day with cars 
Going to get come cleaning done .. then hopefully study 
AHHHHHH !!! Im sooo glad Im divorced !! 
My man is off on his trip .. Im going to miss him :( 
Going to spend the weekend with my bff < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Had a good time at my bff's :) I sped to get home though cuz I missed my man .. 
Off to < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer practice soon 
Going to walk to Justins school to get him ... need the exercise , lol 
Today is going to be busy .. Justin's baseball practice and then < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer game :) 
Lillys soccer team is winning 3-1 so far !! She's doing great ! She's not afraid to get in there nd kick the ball . 
THEY WON !! < PROPFEMALE>'s team won 6-2 :) Yayy < PROPFEMALE > 
Saw a picture of Halsted Middle School , now Im missing Newton .. I love that town 
Enjoying my dunkin donuts hazelnut coffee :) 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s baseball game today , hopefully they win :) 
I PASSED MY GED !! Hopefully off to college in the fall :)) Also , my dad is moving back up to Jersey !! What a day full of good news ! 
Getting ready to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s last soccer game of the season and off to the pool :) 
I actually woke up early .. Now what do I do , lol 
Ugh !! Trying to upload photos but it isn't working right !! 
Off to < PROPFIRST>'s Baseball practice to prepare for a game tomorrow :) Then over to my friend Jen's:) 
Cleaning up the house and getting ready to go to the pool with my BF and kids :)) 
< PROPFIRST>'s team won their playoff game against the Braves regardless of the STUPID Ump !! Yayyyy !! The Angels made it to the championships :)) 
I finally Graduated last night !! YAYY !! Nd having my family there was fantastic :)) I love all of you ! 
Tired out from going to the pool .. going to relax now .. * sigh * 
Phew .. went for a late night walk/jog .. now Im pooped , lol 
Went on another walk/jog .. and the cops are all over the place tonight 
Off to a pool party for < PROPFIRST > and his baseball buddies .. Should be fun :) 
Had a great time at the pool party :) Will Have some pics up soon .. 
Had an awesome time with Amy :) 
Went for my nightwalk .. now im all sweaty , ewww , lol .. 
KIDS .... DRIVING .... ME ... CRAZY !! 
Heading out to the pool .. :) 
Just chillin :) 
Thinking and somewhat worrying about the future :/ 
Need to find a job ASAP .. I believe everyting will work out though .. 
Applied for numerous jobs .. I hope I get one , eekkk :-/ 
I think I have a good < PROPMALE > of getting a job soon .. I will find out next week .. keeping fingers crossed :) 
Tubing down the delaware river with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , nd kids :-) 
Need to do some cleaning today .. then idk , lol 
Just bored .... 
Going to the Carnival later with < PROPFEMALE > , the neighbors , and kids 
Going to the carnival with my best friend Jenn and her family , < PROPFEMALE > , and my children :)) 
I don't know how I feel today .. Its a mixture of different emotions .. I need a job !! 
I FINALLY got a job !! Start tomorrow , yayy !! 
Had a good first day of work .. now im going swimming in my bf's pool :)) 
Heading to bed .... yawwwnnn :O 
Worked overtime today , now I'm just going to relax ... 
Had a good time with my bff , just chillin , now going to bed .. Goodnight :) 
Ok , Im going to stop procrastinating and do some cleaning while listening to my eclectic taste in music , lol :) 
Weeeee ... Im feeling pretty goood .. lol 
I was feeling good yesterday .. Now IM PISSED !! 
Feeling a little broken :(((( 
Heading to bed .. Hopefully I have good dreams :) 
Going to do some cleaning and letting my daughter play on my facebook :) 
Hates feeling lonely :( 
Im heading to bed .. but < PROPFEMALE > will be on playing with happy aquarium :) 
Blahbitty , blahbitty , blah , blah , blah ... Can't wait till Friday to see my mom in TX :)) 
Waiting at the airport for my plane to arrive then heading to see my MOMMY :-D !! 
Waiting for my plane to arrive then heading to see my MOMMY :-D !! 
Now in chicago , looking at all the interesting ppl nd this cute guy thats sitting across from me , lol 
Finally made it to < PROPMALE > , chilling with my Mommy !! :)) 
Heading to the beach with my mom :) Having an awesome time with her and < PROPFEMALE > !! Thank you for watching my children Jenn !! You're the greatest :))) 
Had a great time at the beach with my mom .. cept for being attacked by sea lice the second time in , lol .. gross , def took a shower !! 
Waiting for my airplane to home . dont want to leave my mom but i know i must get back to my children . 
Arrived home safe and sound .. Already miss my mom :)) Now , off to work . 
Going to do some cleaning and hopefully hanging out with Michael :) 
Getting ready for work .. Kids go back to school tomorrow .. Nd hanging out with < PROPFIRST > as well :)) 
Feeling a little down today :( .. hopefully tomorrow will be a better day 
Had an AWESOME night out with my Dad , < PROPFEMALE > , and her fiance Steven !! :)) WOOOTWOOOT , lol !! Now , off to bed 
What to do ... what to do ??? 
Heading to the Celtic Classic with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and all the kids .. Should be interesting and fun .. Def take pics :) 
Going to dance my heart out with Jenn at 40Below !!! 
Had a BLAST dancing with Jenn , def need to do that again :-) 
Went out with Jenn , < PROPFIRST > , and Bob .. Had an awesome time dancing nd being the life of the party at the Legion :)) 
Feeling a little down .. this rainy weather doesn't help either :(( 
So far this wknd bites :-// 
Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer game , hopefully they win one .. Then maybe to the mall to get my Halloween costume :)) 
Lillys team finally won a game , lol :)) Yay !! Nd I got my halloween costume , will post pics soon .. Cant wait to go party with < PROPFEMALE > nd < PROPFIRST > on Friday !! 
Had a blast last night with my sis nd her man :-) 
Can't wait till friday !! Going to an Atreyu concert !! 
Anybody want to go to an atreyu concert at crock rock ?? I dont want to go by myself :-[ 
ok , my computer is being stupid slow .. 
Atreyu concert ROCKED !!! Im so glad I went even though I went by myself :)) 
Drinking my WaWa coffee and going to take < PROPFIRST > to wrestling practice .. 
What was i thinking going to work on a saturday when i dont have to !! 
Men need to make up there mind and stop wasting my time >:-/ 
I have a good < PROPMALE > of getting hired into my work , yayy , more money :)) 
Well , this weekend SUCKED !! Hopefully , the week will be better . 
Cant wait for this workday to end so i can go home nd spend time with a special friend :-) 
All ready for my date with < PROPFIRST > :) Got my nails done , had < PROPFEMALE > do my hair , nd im looking spiffy , lol . 
Had a wonderful date last night nd hoping for many more with < PROPFIRST > :-) now getting ready to work on nights . 
My first night of working nights was ok but terribly slooowww ... Im already missing A shift , it was alot more fun , lol .. 
I believe that i have been swept off my feet :-) nd im loving it 
Just chillin at my bffs house for thanksgiving . having fun remembering the good old days :^) 
Laying in bed , reading a book , wishing someone was cuddled up next to me ;-) 
I need to find my ice scraper so i dont have to sit at work nd wait for my windshield to defrost , lol 
I need to get a new computer .. using my phone is just not the same 
Cant wait for this wrknight to end .. want to go see my friend 8-D 
What a suckass wknd !! at least seeing my dad today will cheer me up . 
aggravated , confused , disapppointed , urg :-( 
Had a gooood night ;-D 
Feeling a little tired nd distracted .. lost in thought 
Out to breakfast with the kids :-) 
Wondering whats going on ?? 
I already want summer to come ... its ffffrrreeezzing , lol 
Fuck this im done : - < 
Im so sick of being hurt !! When will it end ... or maybe when will i let it end :-( :-( 
I know what it feels like when memories make you wince and love letters read like obituaries and photo albums are the books of the dead ... If I had my way Id cut the calluses off your breaking heart ... 
Had an AWESOME time with my dad and family this christmas !! Can't wait for more :) I love you dad , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and all my family :) 
I DONT WANT < PROPFEMALE > TO LEAVE !! WAHHH :-( I love you < PROPFEMALE > 
Well I attempted to go to work but it was way to bad ... now I'm stuck at a friends house ... 
I reallly hope that work doesnt tack on another 30days to my probation because of the weather ... Guess I will find out tonight :/ 
Well , I didn't do much this wknd but I did accomplish ALOT of cleaning :) 
Going on a date tonight :-) Wish me luck :p 
Getting ready for another night of work 
I dislike long 10hr work nights :\\ 
I feel like I made the right decision :) Can't wait to get home to crawl into his arms . 
One more night of work , then the weekend :)) Going to go bowling with the family 
Going out to breakfast with my man .. then he's actually going to the laundrymat with me ! :-D Oh nd yesterday he did the dishes ! 
Hopefully getting my new car today , if everything goes right .. yayy !! 
Got my new car !! Looks way better then my escort but I will still miss the little car\ 
:( It was good to me lol 
