has a facebook 

is going iceblocking on Halloween . Who's down ? 
is sad that the 49ers lost , even if it was to the Colts :( 
is washing his hands several hundred times per day and avoiding < PROPFEMALE > even more than usual . 
is listening to that U2 concert on YouTube and trying to finish that Senior writing portfolio 
wishes that science teachers would accept just the data and answers on labs , without those ' theory ' and ' procedure ' and ' purpose ' sections 
officially approves of Happy Hound 
wouldn't terribly mind if he never heard that \Fireflies\ " song again . " 
would like to use Facebook in Italiano . 
is starting to dislike the idea of a dislike button . 
finished the UOP early action application essay 4 minutes before it was due . Yessss ! 
My dad just informed me that I will be staying up until I can get my application into the USC server . It has been busy for the last 4 hours . Hello , all-nighter ! 
arrived in SB after a really fun break 
Thanks so much to all the people that wished me a happy birthday ! 
Nothing makes you appreciate modern conveniences more than when they fail , I thought to myself as I spent the last hour mopping up the water that sprayed out of my destroyed washing machine , and hand-washing the detergent out of my clothes . 
Insult me without fear of repercussions http://verballyabuse.me/askin4it 
Bad things happen when you forget to log out of facebook when you're on your friends computer ... unless he's a good friend . 
needs to start logging off his facebook account when his sister is home . 
It's 3/14 , and exactly 1:59 ... Happy Pi Day :D 
is in Tuscon , on a tour of U of A 
Is home ! for maybe 14 hours 
is in SB 
Is in San < PROPFIRST > obispo with <3 @arash <3 
just submitted his SIR to UCSB ! 
won his first tennis playoff match ! in 4 years ! 
' s tennis team made CCS ! way to go ! 
has Bronchitis or something , apparently 
3 day weekends are fun ... but it really just reminds me that we're not on the 3 month weekend yet 
At what point did I think it would be a good idea to watch The Human Centipede ??? 
Voting ' No ' on Prop 16 was the most satisfying half-inch pen < PROPFIRST > I have ever made . Screw PG&E and their stupid monopoly measure . 
almost forgot how fun it is to listen to Animal Collective 
my month of WOW just ran out D: 
& Arash Namvar are currently in < PROPFIRST > White's room . Without him . And without him knowing . Or his family . 
well my summer has just been packed with fun so far 
can't blame the refs this time , I guess 
Well , Uruguay , you certainly never failed to entertain :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Dugan > < PROPMALE > 
Everyone's watchin ' , to see what you will d o-o o-o o ... 
went camping . Is back . 
is a fat cunt . 
Played Blackjack for the first time at a Casino today ! Aaand lost 40 bucks within an hour :) 
Ultimate frisbee , Jamba , swimming , Radiohead , enchiladas , Thibault Turcan's grandparent's house , hiking , evading poison oak , leaf-boat racing , then poker ( going 1-1 with < PROPFIRST > Billings in psyche-outs : losing epically in rock-paper-scissors and winning epically in poker ) . Great eventful day with lots of really fun people , thanks for helping shake off the slowing-down-summer blues ! 
spent all of last night awake in the woods , listening to the sounds of nature :) \ 
\ 
THAT IS , the sounds of raccoons working tirelessly for about 4 hours to open the one stupid container of Original Pub Mix pretzels that we somehow missed in our sweep of food to put in the bear box , then the louder , more ominous growling of larger mystery beasts around our tent that seemed to scare the raccoons off ... long night . 
fixin ' my bike for college 
DJOKOVIC ! 
\Open the pod-bay door 
is heading down to SB today ! 
after accidentally referring to more than one girl as ' ALEKS , ' I've finally completed my summer chemistry work . Thank god . 
Kid A 10th anniversary today <3 <--- I'm not scaremongering , this is really happening ! 
i love mens asses 
This is I LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , seen you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status . Sisters are a promise that we have a friend forever ! Too bad < PROPFEMALE > Dugan can't live up to all that hype ( except for ' watched you succeed ' ) , but I suppose it's worth posting . 
\We're the ' ladies of the night ' of the environmental movement : people agree with us a lot 
If things like solving the energy crisis and/or breathing are important to you , get off of facebook and vote ' NO ' on prop 23 
aaalways , i want to be with you , and make believe with you , and live in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , oh love ... 
most epic poker match ever 
< PROPFEMALE > Dugan is the best sister anyone could hope for . Someday I hope to be as wonderful as she is . 
Thanks to whoever that little girl is that is running up and down our street yelling \MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALLLL ! \ " :D " 
oh the weather inside is frightful , thanks to the scrooges running the thermostat in sb 
goodbye christmas money , hello textbooks 
\Players can no longer block off ramps with two 2x2 buildings\ " BAHA eat that terran " 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > Odom ! 
this is the dawning of the age of the capricorn , the age of the capricoooooorn ... CAPRICOOOOOOOORN 
will be visited by a midget this weekend 
should stop leaving his computer on with facebook open trololol 
Yumm , Crunchy toenails after a long hard day of work ! 
Spending the whole weekend hanging out means I have to spend this holiday doing all of my math and physics homework . At least Dr. < PROPMALE > of all people would appreciate that I'm spending his birthday practicing integration :/ 
Thanks everyone , I listened to all of your suggestions and I did in fact have a happy birthday :) 
My soccer team got absolutely slaughtered by my hall's team , and i sort of flipped out at some guy who did not deserve it and lives about 4 doors down from me . I think I will become a hermit 
if 20 people like this , I'll get a buzzcut today . Otherwise , just a trim . Go ! 
MY PROFESSOR TOLD US TO PLAY VIDEOGAMES IN CLASS LIFE IS COMPLETE I LOVE HIGHER EDUCATION 
soccer was a blast today even though we lost :) 
just pre-ordered The < PROPMALE > of Limbs 
it's friday , you know what that means ... hot date with Thom Yorke & Co . 
gawshh < PROPFEMALE > Dugan is just the best host EVER and turlock > sb :) 
7 AM waking up in the morning , gotta be fresh gotta go downstairs 
all A's , no minuses , for the first time ever :) 
