40 ft towers tomorrow . 

Yay tower week . 4 day work week , bad ass . 
S ... laughter 
Join the league of endangered oddities . 
Jump week coming up . 5 jumps , 3 days . C130 and 1250ft standing between me and ground . 
It's a must , I redeem my name and haters get mushed . 
When I leave you can count on me for that , and nothing more . 
So much for me here , yay .... fuck this ... 
All the soldiers say , \We may make it throught the war if we make it through the night . \"" 
Does history guide you ? Or do you set out to change it ? The answer is clear . 
You get what you pay for , but you do it for the taste of a good high . 
Never thought that I could feel such a slap in the face , since my semester in New York , where I drank it away . 
Should he ask me what got me through . If he asks me , it was you . 
Is it in you now , to bear to hear the truth that you have spoken ? Is it in you now , to watch the things you gave your life to broken ? 
Now I've made this bed and I can't fall asleep in it . 
I'm outside your cold lips again , you set on me but you are not the sun . 
Am I gonna be lonely for the rest of my life ? 
Now that you've turned the world against me , I'm only trying to win them back . 
Im drunk ... I miss you < PROPFEMALE > .. 
And you're too close to call . I would sell my murder for the < PROPMALE > to hear you talk . 
Well I don't run with sheep , the shepherd can't herd me . 
I'll keep you safe , but I'll wash my hands with death . 
If I were a bear , I'd be the greatest of all . 
I'm away from my body and away from my soul . Have you ever seen a man so broken as the man that she won't write back ? 
They say one day he'll spring to life , to smile and clear your name . So nail yourself upon the cross and < PROPFEMALE > your head on shame . Forever , this is forever . 
All those feelings , those yesterdays feelings will all be lost in time . But today I've wasted away for today is on my mind . 
I am not your friend . I am just a man who knows how to feel . 
I am on the mend . At least now I can say that I am trying . And I hope you will forget the things I still lack . 
I don't want to see your face when you're feeling , not alive . 
The devil and god are raging inside me . 
Wedding . 
Back to NC for awhile , Love you guys . 
God speed all the bakers at < PROPFEMALE > may they all cut their thumbs , and bleed into their buns ' till they melt away . 
You know there ain't no rest for the wicked . 
Millstone around your neck 
There are scary kids scaring kids . 
You see with your eyes . I see destruction and demise , corruption in disguise . 
You know I tire of counting sheep . My dreams , they've got to kiss , because I don't get sleep , no ... 
Sad . Sleep would be , nice ... 
Don't get lost in heaven . 
Grave of the Fireflies 
Does history guide you , or do you set out to change it ? 
I'm on a boat motherfucker take a look at me . Straight floatin ' on a boat on the deep blue sea . Bustin 5 knot wind , whippin out my coat . You can't stop me motherfucker cause I'm on a boat . 
Jesus Christ , that's a pretty face . The kind you'd find on someone I could save .... 
I will keep you safe , but I will wash my hands with death . 
Now I've made this bed , but I can't fall asleep in it . 
I'm a mountain that has been moved . I'm a river that has all dried up . I'm on an ocean nothing floats on . I'm a sky that nothing wants to fly in . I'm a sun that doesn't burn hot . I'm a < PROPFEMALE > that never shows it's face . I'm a mouth that doesn't smile . I'm a word that no one ever wants to say .... 
I wish for one more day to give my love and repay debts . But the morning finds our bodies washed up thirty < PROPMALE > west . 
See the months they don't matter , it's the days I can't take . When the hours move to minutes and I'm seconds away . 
Too blind to see tomorrow , too broke to beg or borrow . 
Someone falls to pieces , sleeping all alone . Someone kills the pain , spinning in the silence . To finally drift away . Being yourself , is all that you can do ... 
You could be empty and I could be right here empty with you . 
They will see us waving from such great heights , ' come down now ' they'll say . But everything seems perfect from far away ' come down now ' but we'll stay . 
Literate and stylish , kissable and quiet , well thats what girls dreams are made of . 
You know I'll sit at the bottom space , trace lines in the vacant place . It's all about to change . Small flat in a smaller town , steal hope to pass around . These dreams aren't out of reach . 
I search for sleep . The future has fallen short when the sun sets north . 
Beyond the anthills of the dawning of this plague , said I've lost my way . 
iDestroy 
I'll show you how to really move . 
Ughhhh 
Southern Comfort . 
I love scotch , scotchy , scotch , scotch . 
I am smellin goood 
Ughhh , I want to go out . 
I search for sleep . 
Oh work , I enjoy you so much . 
We woke up as men , but tonight , we'll sleep as killers . 
Shower power bedtime . 
Shins feel like they're going to explode , mmm 
How am I ever going to know peace ? How will I ever see the light through the trees ? I want to burn down everything we've begun , I want to kill and eat my young . 
Today , is gonna be the day that they're gonna throw it back to you . By now , you shoulda somehow realized what you gotta do . I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now . 
While I'm off chasing my own dreams , sailing around the world . Please know that I'm yours to keep , my beautiful girl . 
Drink quick . 
Shootin shots . Drink quick , or you'll drown on air . 
I'm a sky that nothing wants to fly in , I'm a sun that doesn't burn hot . I'm a < PROPFEMALE > that doesn't show it's face , I'm a mouth that doesn't smile , I'm a word that no one wants to say . 
It's so easy to get lost in constantly having to present whatever face you believe a person wants to see rather than your own . 
See the months they don't matter it's the days I can't take , when the hours move to minutes and I'm seconds away . 
Work at 8pm , yay . 
Cause they know and so do I , the high road is hard to find . A detour in your new life , tell all of your friends goodbye . 
Jesus Christ , that's a pretty face . The kind you'd find on someone I could save . 
Do you believe you're missing out ? That everything good is happening somewhere else ? But with nobody in your bed , the night's hard to get through . 
Circa Survive , making new album ? Better believe it . 
Locked myself up in a room without a window , just to see if it was any easier to breathe . 
Well see what you wanna see , you should see it all . Well take what you want from me , you deserve it all . 
I can't get started from the part where I left off , yesterday . Should of spent my time a little wiser . I sat alone guilty as sin , waiting for words to come from out of my head . Am I still making sense to anyone ? 
Why do girls that are with other guys or love other guys ALWAYS hook up with me ...? 
I can't wait to understand the reason , I've yet to translate any meaning besides , it's not worth it to try . 
But baby don't cry , cause you had my heart . At least for the most part , cause everybody's gotta go sometime . We fell apart , lets make a new start . Because everybody's gotta go sometime . But baby , don't cry . 
The champ goes down like a clown in the second round . 
Never again . 
Sad ... 
Because my bright is too slight , to hold back all my dark . 
IHOP 
So apparently , I know about cheerleading ? 
Work , gym , stuff , sleep . Rinse and repeat . 
You're a voice that never sings , is what I say . You are freezing over hell , you are bringing on the end , you do so well . You can only blame yourself , it's what I say . 
Break in a towns worth of houses and < PROPMALE > whole families blind . I'd do it to you like you'd do it to me if you knew you'd get away fine . 
It's something unpredictable , but in the end it's right . I hope you had the time of your life . 
Everything that you do , keeps me running back to you . 
Work , then stuff after work . 
paintballing , it's a g thing . 
I got sunshine , in a bag . 
Needless to say , you brought me a smile yesterday . 
I like food . 
I don't care for fancy things . 
I make the sun shine . 
All the worlds a stage . 
I'll break your fucking neck . 
I'm classy , not classic . 
The Devil and God are raging inside me . 
Break in a towns worth of houses and < PROPMALE > whole families blind . I'd do it to you like you'd do it to me if you knew you would get away fine . 
And the tattoo addiction begins . 
Friends are friends for never . 
Royally bastardized . 
Purely Courteous , across my chest . 
Growing older every second at a time . 
Destroy 
I didn't say I was powerful , I said I was a wizard . 
Dubbyou Tee Eff 
Idk what I am doing today . 
I'm like a wizard , with no magical prowess . 
Oh , Sleeper please awake for you are the son of the morning . 
I'll break in a towns worth of houses and < PROPMALE > whole families blind , I'd do it to you like you'd do it to me if you knew you would get away fine . I'd drive my car off of a bridge if I knew that you weren't inside , with the pedal to the floor , I couldn't ask for a more fantastic way to kill some time . 
Fml . 
I'll break in a towns worth of houses and < PROPMALE > whole families blind , I'd do it to you like you'd do it to me if you knew you would get away fine . I'd drive my car off of a bridge if I knew that you weren't inside , with the pedal to the floor , I couldn't ask for a more fantastic way to kill some time . 
I can't believe I've done this horrible thing . I shot the maid , what more can I say ? I killed her , it was an accident . 
Do you miss the blend , of color she left in your black in white field ? Do you feel condemned , just from being there ? I am not your friend , I am just a man who knows how to feel . 
AT-4 Range , blowing stuff up tomorrow . 
Shot a tank 3 times in a row with a AT-4 ( Rocket Launcher ) , stuff blew up . 
Those three words are said too much , they're not enough . 
Im either really dirty , or the woods made me tan . 
Wow , I feel like my heart was just ripped out of my chest . 
Being alone wasn't half as bad as being obsessed with a breath taker , a smile faker . But these years alone have eaten me alive . 
I don't know why , I can't keep my eyes off of you . 
Possibly hanging myself , I feel like shit , I fucked up . Now Idk what to do . 
I said I'd never let you go and I never did , I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it . 
And don't you dare say we can just be friends . I'm not some boy that you can sway . We knew it'd happen eventually . I swear come tomorrow , this will all be in our past . Well it might be for the best . 
If it means a lot to you . 
Been so long since I wrote , perhaps I need to again . 
Well I can see it in your eyes like I taste your lips , they both tell me that we're better than this . That's what I'm waiting for darling . 
Jealousy breeds killing sprees . 
And I'd slay , the horrible beast they commisioned to steer me away from my mission , to your eyes . 
Lying through your teeth doesn't count as flossing . 
My life is increasingly better now . Beautiful . 
Let's all just reach our hands into the dark and feel what reaches back . 
Pretty sure Im going to lose my mind . 
The power hour . 
This is a city for not sleeping and the clocks are set by feel . At this moment from where I sit , none of it seems real . 
Do you miss the blend , of color she left in your black and white field ? Do you feel condemned just from being there ? 
Out to eat . 
Mexican resturaunts are so delicious . 
Your life is always the post of something else . Where is the present in the way that you pre-sent yourself ? It's disgusting how little that you try : the existential equivilent of pink-eye . 
3-4 Mile run , meh , I'm that bored . 
Gym , store for stuff , possibly the mall for clothes . Never lose touch of who you are . 
Fuck work , I didn't get to go to the store or the mall . 
If I could find you now things would get better . We could leave this town and run forever . 
Far from the lies . 
Stuff to do tomorrow . Hopefully someone will drop me off at the mall . 
Have I ever told you before ? I think you're beautiful when you're sleeping ? You can always make me smile . 
And you , my pet , the sweetest yet - I'll hold you closest to my heart . 
I'm glad to have kept you happy while they were gone , now I'll go back to being alone . 
This will be my orchestrated rise to fall , you will be my song . 
Gym stuff , thinking , then sleep . 
Tofu . 
I will claim your throne through all these cowards you call your sons . 
Reading , phone , then sleep . 
Got to work out today , wooooo , making dinner , showering then relaxing 
Back from the gym , cooking dinner . 
I have a new phone , text me and tell me your name so I know who it is . 
You could do better , you could do better , you could be the greatest man in the world . 
Breakfast ... Eggs , pineapple , banana and some milk 
Misleading at most , I'm supposed to imposter a new you . 
And I hope this isn't goodbye , for you've made me smile more than most and I won't forget that . 
How I wish , how I wish you were here . We're just two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl . 
I've tried so hard , to be what you needed , your imaginary enemy . I've tried for so long , to make you believe it , that I am not your enemy . 
At the gym , why won't you get off my mind ? 
If I open both of my eyes , I still see an empty space , so empty . But if I keep them closed , then there's still a < PROPMALE > that something is out there . 
Slipshod cavalier , I can't stand to see \ 
those things that you have taken for granted . Thrown away \ 
everything you've been handed . Too much all at once that's how you got \ 
so ungrateful . All you saw was the burden , standing beside all your \ 
blessed truths . Disguised in all your alibis it's a tradition , \ 
practiced , every time you say goodbye . 
I feel like such a piece of shit right now , I can't even sleep . 
At the gym , cooking dinner after then sleep . 
And I hear , this calling . Still you don't seem so far at all . 
wetryuiojkl ; 
Looking for a car to buy .. 
Time to be a ranger tomorrow . lol 
rfgdeb Circuit workout . 
Word , no 60lb ruckmarch :D 
EAGTDHFDFSZ sweaty . 
This is the life we chose , this is the life I lead . You can never take this from me . 
Damn it , you're so important to me ... why does it have to be like this ... 
dtytfdtkutytrdtr Idk anymore . 
is at the gym . 
Protein fruit smoothie ? I think so . 
I never had anybody , but being alone wasn't half as bad as being obsessed with a breath taker , a smile faker . But those years alone have eaten me alive . 
Nothing's going to change that hopeless feeling I get when you say you'll understand and I know you can't . 
On top the frozen creek , I would love to take you there .... and swear it flows through me , on top the frozen creek . I would love to take you there . 
I've taken a life and mine for granted . 
I must admit , going down within this ship I couldn't have a better crew to travel with . If I make in one piece back to land , I will never sail again , never . 
Slipshod cavalier , I can't stand to see those things that you've taken for granted . Thrown away everything you've been handed . Too much all at once , that's how you got so ungrateful . All you saw was the burden , standing beside all your blessed truths . 
Buenas noches mi amor , espero dormir bien . 
I'm pretty sure I picked the prettiest date in all of Pburg / Lopat / < PROPFEMALE > area to go with me to the wedding . 
I've never felt that way before , totally exposed . I've never seen you act that way before , totally alone . As you throw away , the love that we've made . 
Well , who wants to go with me to the wedding ? 
< PROPFEMALE > who wants to be my best friend !? 
Perhaps this is best , for the both of us . If only things had gone differently . 
80 Push-ups in 2 minutes , 80 Sit-ups in 2 minutes , 42 Minute 5-Mile run , 12 Chin-ups and 20 Dips . 
I don't run with sheep . The Sheperd can't herd me . 
is on an adventure . 
is having a good time already . :] 
I feel like shit ... 
I'm wasted with the ryhtym . Angry at your < PROPFEMALE > . 
No rain , no rainbow . 
Going to the gym . Working on getting bigger now ... 
I'm going to hell . 
My verdict has come in , it says I'm guilty for my sins this time . I thought I could escape but I finally felt the weight of my crimes . 
cutting my own hair lol . 
Does anybody remember back when you were very young ? Did you ever think that you would be this blessed ? 
You constantly make it impossible to make conversation . Keep us comatose but audible . 
On my way home soon , who's ready !? 
Kiss your wife , not that intern . Corporate world has no U-turn . 
Going home tomorrow . 
I need a date , for Friday afternoon at 5 o'clock for the wedding . :] 
..................................... :( 
Should have a pretty sweet tan going . 
There is blood on my hands , like the blood in you . 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ....? 
Someone go to Dorney with me , Damn it . 
Don't make a mockery of her , she's not your bride . 
So who wants to < PROPFEMALE > me $2500 ? 
Disappointed , but it could turn out better . 
But I realize how lucky I am to have you . 
Word . 
IV Golf GTI VR6 , what up . 
Last evening in Jersey 
I miss you , Can't wait to see you . 
On a mission , to your eyes . 
:] 
Can't quite believe how good you are . 
That < PROPFEMALE > was so fine in her hair . Her shadow in the < PROPFEMALE > light . The hot summer night’s right , my summer angel keeps me on the run . 
Damn it , I need you . I can't believe this was done to me .... 
Time to pick up more hobbies to forget the world at hand and develop who I am . 
Caveat Emptor . 
When you cry a piece of my heart dies , knowing that I may have been the cause . \ 
\ 
If you were to leave , fulfill someone else's dreams I think I might totally be lost . \ 
You don't ask for no < PROPFEMALE > rings no delicate string of pearls . That's why I wrote this song to sing , my beautiful girl .. 
This is why , why I don't sleep at night . My body is aching , her beauty is poison . \ 
I could have lost all I have in this life . Those beautiful eyes , those beautiful evil eyes . 
I have never felt that way before totally alone , there's no reason to leave here . I have never seen you act that way before , totally exposed . As you throw away the love that we made 
I've decided , I'm going to be a street performer in NYC . lol 
I’m proud of my life and the things that I have done . Proud of myself and the loner I’ve become . You’re free to whine , it will not get you far . I'll do just fine with my car and my guitar . 
Someone give me good acoustic bands / artists .. 
I'll be gone for a while . 
SC 2 and WoW !? My mind is blown . 
Revenge is a beautiful thing . 
If you were to leave and fulfill someone else dreams , I think I might totally be lost . 
It's all just a game to you , it's just a show for all the ladies . To see you're a wolf : Wolf dressed in sheepskin . 
Destroy . 
There's blood on my hands , like the blood in you . 
Goby 
Bone chaos in the castle . 
Hibernate while you're still young , you are gettin ' older , so much older , so much older than you think still . Not far , but years away your hands'll snake out in a serpent smile . 
Loyal.com 
I don't know what the palace knows , but I don't run with sheep the Shepard can't herd me . 
We'll pick it up and pack it up , put em in the bags . Stack it up like cinnamon we'll get it real fast , until there's nothing left for you . 
Versus the world . 
You've got a < PROPMALE > dad who hates every boy like me . I got no money and daddy don't like my ease . I'm gonna steal you like a < PROPFEMALE > . I'm gonna display you like a < PROPFEMALE > . 
So much for so little . 
You're runnin ' out of excuses .... 
Behind silence and solitude . 
I've wrestled a bear once . 
is stupid lol . 
Jack3d 
New England Clam Chowder . 
Wake up in the ante meridian , knowing there would be solid ground to support my feet . 
Work . Work . Work . 
I just want to sleep ..... 
This is my orchestrated rise to fall , you are my song . 
Hoping to see Uncle < PROPMALE > and family soon . 
At the gym lifting heavy objects . 
Yeah , what do you have to say for yourself ? 
Wolves make great actors . 
I self-medicate with drugs and alcohol to help my extreme social anxiety . 
I'm proud of my life and the things that I have done . Proud of myself and the loner I've become . You're free to whine , it will not get you far . I'll do just fine with my car and my guitar . 
2 hours . 
Life is a garden . 
Forever your eyes will hold the memory . 
Needs someone to be a superhero with . 
Only through struggle , have I found rest . 
On my way to the burg in a few hours . 
When I'm standing top the bright lit city . I'll take your hand and pick you up and keep you there so you can see . As long as you're alive and care I promise I will take you there . 
!!!!!!!!!! 
Good weekend , back to work . :[ 
KARATE MUTHAFUCKIN CHOOOP 
Oh , hello . We're all thieves , you've no trouble always getting what you want . 
Y'all with the vampire squad ? 
Four Loko . 
Can you read the future ? Can you see the stars ? You've no idea what it's like to hold my scars . 
I will claim your throne , from all these cowards you call your sons . 
If only you knew how badly I want to be next to you tonight . I miss you . 
Touching yourself to ugly girls with ugly faces . Oh baby , that's what we call monsterbation . 
In nomine Patris , et Filii , et Spiritus Sancti . 
Unexpected evening . 
Wishes he was coooool . 
We are not the same . I've struggled too long to sit back and let you take this from me . We are not the same . You are worthless , stay in your place . 
The weekend could of went a lot better . 
Long day tomorrow :[ 
Artwork . 
Dr. < PROPMALE > me up , butter cup . 
And I don't ever wanna feel , like I did that day . So take me to the place I love , take me all the way . 
I will lose my mind if I don't do anything tonight . 
Float a mountain , build some clouds . 
Creation . 
Mornings go best with moonrise . 
Music theory , cereal , music , artwork . 
Study then sleep 
Excellent show last night . 
Music , you are a language that I am learning to speak . You will be the only language I speak . 
gage , you forgot to log out of facebook and i checked yours accidently . \ 
my bad- < PROPMALE > 
BACK FROM LOUISIANAAAAA 
Through all the roads I've traveled , I remain the same . Facing my fears , with no fear on my face . 
If you're afraid , then you're afraid . Take a < PROPMALE > , don't let it weigh you down . 
This war will tear apart the sky , letting through the light . We will survive and we'll sing . We're singing for our freedom . 
Forever , your eyes will hold the memory . I saw your heart as it overtook me . 
Be\ 
thankful for what you have . Life can get so bad that you worked 5:45 am -\ 
11pm got up at 6:30 am the next day stood in the cold and the rain for 4\ 
hours doing nothing then eventually resorting to cuddling with another \ 
guy in a porta-potty in attempt to keep warm and dry . All because work told you to . 
Chip on the shoulder , anger in my veins , had so much hatred , now it brings me shame . Never thought about the world without you , and I promise that I'll never say another bad word about you . I thought I saw you yesterday but I knew it wasn't you , ' cause you passed away , dad . Strange things my imagination might do . 
This is why , why I don't sleep at night . My body is aching , her beauty is poison . I could of lost all that I have in this life . Those beautiful eyes , those beautiful evil eyes . Get off of me . 
Bench - 155lbs . Squat - 160lbs . Deadlift - 175lbs . Curl - 75lbs . Tricep Push Down - 65lbs . My body weight - 142 1/2lbs . 
LPs house hahahahahahaha . So drunk . 
Throwdown . 
Those who slay together , stay together . 
So would you play a game of russian roulette to save your life ? Are you in ? Or will you flee to safety and wonder what could've been ? Don't be afraid , don't ever be afraid . 
Half a fifth in 45 minutes . Good game . 
Gym with < PROPFIRST > de Crayola 
Break it down and explain these mistakes I make , I like to tangle up the strings of the puppetry . But you knew me back when I was a younger me you seen Gage in all types of light . And I've been meanin ' to ask you if I'm doin ' alright . Take a breath , reflect on what we've been through . Or am I just going crazy cause I miss you dad ? 
Tired of people trying to make me feel bad by implying they're tired of me making them feel bad . I don't care as much as you think , count on it . 
And I would make a top notch good listener , if you could block off a little time out to give it here . Since we went our separate paths , I've hit a couple of snags \ 
that remind me of the past . I cant front I'm having a blast . \ 
But damned if I ain't afraid of how long its gonna last . 
I eat so much now ... I'm gonna get fat . 
Is this , your salvation ? 
<--- The next Vic Fuentes . 
sdgybufxzlbvadgs sleep . 
Well , looks like I wont be coming home until January . sweet . 
Four Loko , you're my motherfucking sanctuary right now . 
We will survive , and we'll sing . Marching onward we're singing for our freedom . Oh , what gave you the power to take the love from the women ? Oh , what gave you the power to take the laughter from the children ? 
Oh shit , crazy night . 
Damn you gyms . Open !!! Going for a run . 
Here we are , we knew this day would come . Those who slay together , stay together , in the end . 
Whoever \pranked\ " me . You're a punk bitch piece of shit who can't do shit face to face . Thanks for spending all that time focussing on me though . " 
I made a promise to you long ago , I did the best that I can to try and keep it and I'd do anything to keep this up . 
If you get thrown to the wolves , just kill the fucking wolves . 
Zero sleep . I hate what you've done . 
The more that you get , the less that you are . 
That seriously hurt . I'm thanking god at the moment for sparing them for me . 
101 Temp . High blood pressure . Pulse of 110-130 while sitting and I'm trying to \Sham\ " out of work . fuck that ... " 
Gym !? About time I get to go . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , you are my hero . 
Pen to paper . Thoughts of creation and creation of mind . 
We were taught to kneel and bow our heads . \ 
I tried simply standing up instead . 
........................... 
Yeah , my life a bitch , but you know nothing ' bout her . 
< PROPMALE > made me a blanket :]] 
So soft . So Comfy . So Fluffy .... 
High off of love , drunk from my hate . 
I smell blood , I don't give a fuck : keep giving them hell . \ 
Where was you when I fell and needed help up ? \ 
Bitch you get no love . 
No more pain , bitch . \ 
You took me for granted , took my heart and ran it straight into the planet . \ 
Into the dirt , I can no longer stand it . 
I guarantee I'll be the greatest thing you ever had , ' cause you ain't ever met nobody like me . 
is about to get his throat ripped open for surgery , woooooooooooooooooo 
:[ 
Motha Fuckin ' Metal Tyranny . 
For a while you were safe and sound , we came like thieves and robbed your town of all the life and everything you knew . 
My cause is < PROPMALE > , my power is pure . All strength is granted to me through Him . 
Like this status if you think I'm too sexy for my shirt . lol 
Coming to Jersey tomorrow . HA 
When I come up in your house , I'm talking mad shit . Come up in your house I'm ' bout to get my ass kicked . 
New Jersey , you suck . 
bsbndvuianwsdinaeiovpnuaienpusefbguianhsdfipbyoisdfubnisdfughaisdufbgausdfn 
I am sore . I am tired . :[ 
Time for din-din 
Sleepy ... 
The bedroom is now hot pink black and white . Damn you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Dinner was great tonight =] 
Really wants people to play WoW with . I am a nerd , I don't care , it is fun . 
Hopefully she likes her surprise . 
Laying with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Dueñes watching a movie . I love you < PROPFIRST > :] 
You gotta stay fly , until you die . 
< PROPFIRST > bought me a Wii . Awesome . 
my < PROPFEMALE > arms cant reach all the places i have crabs 
Breaking balls for a nice surprise . 
STOP LOGGING IN ON MY COMPUTER !!!!!!!! <3 - < PROPMALE > 
Car , you will be worked on soon . 
Wii = Epic if you take it serious . 
8.4% Body Fat , should be 6% . 
Oh sweet angel of mercy , with your grace like the morning . \ 
Wrap your loving arms around me . 
i eat poop 
Lord , may you guide me on my crusade . 
Cutting a fresh onion is rocking my world . 
The respect issue . 
My head ... hurts ... so ... bad ... 
I love food . No wonder I was a fat kid . 
i like to eat , eat , eat monkey penis ' 
I EAT ZE GOOMI BARZ 
You kids and your Tap Out t-shirts . You make me lol . 
Got Fight ? 
rgdifubgidufnb ; zfdnnjcv ; knfkxz 
Something me doing ? Work work . 
Rough justice 
Versus\ 
The World 
I've gotta stay fly , till I die . 
There is no more love , trust , respect , or loyalty , product of my surroundings . 
