is variably responsible 

ROAR 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Arbor 
is on his way to a wedding in the beautiful Peace Garden State . 
is well and festive and taking advantage of summer . 
is disorganized and excited for a weekend wedding adventure 
needs to take fewer joys for granted 
is looking through West to East . 
is full up of memories of forested shrines , crashing beaches , and one very long , very < PROPFEMALE > road . 
is watching the Perseid meteor shower the next two nights . 
can smell school approching 
is settling down for the end of an amazing summer . 
passed a family of ducks , two squirrels , a chipmunk , a raccoon , and a bassoonist on his way to the laundry room . 
was chased by veloceraptors for a good hour , at least . 
is back to school 
is spending the holiday drifting down the Huron . 
is water-shedding it up and bonfireing it down . 
celebrated dusk with the bats of < PROPMALE > Pond 
grows less responsible with time . 
stretched 
prioritizes the human over the applied , with mixed results . 
, unexpectedly , really enjoys waking up insanely early to work . 
spent Monday night in a plie of leaves , 150 feet above Lake Superior . 
is designing a mausoleum . Go Halloween . 
needs to work on discipline , decisiveness , and time . 
is always surprised at how many building materials are made from cyanide , formaldehyde , and uric acid . 
the Leonid meteor shower , with up to 5000 meteors a night this year , is peaking Monday night from roughly 11 pm until 4 am on Tuesday :-D 
spent the evening in an awesome blanket fort , has a thanksgiving potluck tonight , birthday dinner tomorrow , and crazy Canadian adventure over the weekend :D 
Thank you , all , for you birthday wishes , and may the holiday bring you peace . 
just wants to be settled in a great many things . 
will be fighting with computers continuously for at least the next week . 
While we might get two , the west coast will get 6 to 9 , and my jealousy of Lake Effect Snows grows ever greater . 
in the final throes of Archland 
argh . 
has had an amazing and adventurous holiday , full of games and leftovers and hitchhiking . 
is glad to be . 
is Monsterballin ' ( < PROPFIRST > is awesome ! ) , then off to a weekend of rockin ' out with siblings and relaxing in giant blanket forts . 
is work , school , firepit , Manhattan , school . 
has three bucks , two bags , one me . 
is as productive as a feline on a glorious < PROPFEMALE > day . 
Should get in to Ithaca sometime before morning , and spend the rest of the weekend with amazing people and eccentric 3D models . 
is jittery over tchnological complexity and impending deadlines . 
is sleepy and enjoying a wonderful wintery life . Sledding on Sunday ? 
based on the weather , Sunday will be the day to build lasting snow empires . 
spun out on the highway this morning in an utterly beautiful snowstorm 
Oranges are good for you when you are sick ; they help prevent scurvy . 
is in Australia - has climed mountains , seen the Opera House and crossed the Harbor Bridge , woke up to the clacking of jungle birds , and is off to a few days of beaches and wallabies . 
is back home with sunburned calves , a ton of homework , a bunch of new friends , and fantastic memories with < PROPFIRST > :) 
has an amazing life , but has lost all focus . 
enjoys procrastinating by cooking enough to feed a family of 8 . 
has Mozart's Dies Irae playing cyclically in his head . 
has had an amazing holiday of solid spring cleaning , heartwarming family dinners , an amazing Spring , and a a very awesome < PROPFIRST > . Now back to Archland ... 
is blue . 
will be wearing a horribly cheezy wig in Orchestra Hall for the next few days . 
enjoyed his adventures downtown , and now must buckle down to the end of a pretty decent studio semester . 
is wolfishly enjoying the full < PROPFEMALE > . 
is falling into the groove of summer , and will be spewing forth a year's worth of adventure photos in the next week or so . 
is chillin wit the baller < PROPFEMALE > , then off to the Centennial State for some low-pressure fun . 
is shorn , summery , and sleepy . 
is rockin ' out to morning sun and , soon , some < PROPFIRST > sleeping bears . 
is a warrior of Telluride and a disciple of Nunn . 
has gained the dubious title of Mr. Quorum . 
is ever inspired by the people at Telluride . 
has had an amazing evening of prolific lightning and < PROPFIRST > Whitacre . 
is pumped to host his family for a reunion weekend in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor 
is wedding today , tubing and Grandma's tomorrow , environmental discovery Tuesday , and road trip thereafter :) 
has , um , enjoyed his cousin's wedding and the 4th . Now more family hanging and planning for Yellowstone . 
has seen bears , coyote , antelope , sheep with horns and marmots without , grouses fight , foxes and martins flee , and all manner of ground squirrels act disarmingly cutely . And will find it odd to get back to work this week . 
is glowing with the joy of making things . 
is Couchsurfing , river rafting , and embarking on a temprary voyage into veganism . 
really shouldn't shave by candlelight . 
is excited for the new < PROPFEMALE > and Perseid meteor shower this week , peaking on Thursday and Friday . Who's in for canoe camping at Hudson Mills Friday night ? 
is planning to take full advantage of the final bit of freedom from Archland . Who's up for adventures next week ? 
is randomly terrified for the beginning of things . 
has uniformly excellent classes and professors . Take courage ! 
is Telluride , Choral Union , hot cocoa , < PROPFIRST > Gould , and the long climb back into architectural competence . 
wil crash this weekend in multiple and potentially not mutually constructive ways . 
dreamt of navigating the higways of an intensely futuristic megalopolis with < PROPFIRST > Timberlake and CouchSurfers . 
knows that he's been procrastinating a writing assignment when the house is all cleaned . 
is gay and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/9b617S . 
is looking for a car swap this weekend . I'm leading a camping trip up to Mackinac , but do not trust my car to make it up there - it runs ok , but has enough issues that it isn't trustworthy for long distances , and so am looking to borrow someone's car while letting them use mine . If anyone would be willing to trade from Friday even through Sunday , I will be infinitely grateful and make you lots of dinners . 
is carred , tented , and ready to attack the wilds of the north in a road trip weekend adventure . 
is letting the light of a fine weekend up North illuminate the murky depths of academia . 
the Orionid metero shower peaking tonight , if you can get around the full < PROPFEMALE > . 
channels raw emotion into confused buildings 
loves the smell of fall leaves . 
was on fire tonight , in a pleasantly warm and startlingly literal fashion . 
will be singing Handel's Messiah on Saturday , December 4th and Sunday , December 5th . Who wants to join on Saturday evening and sit by my awesome mom ? 
will eventually study in the lofty halls of Rackham and the < PROPMALE > Library , but for now will settle for the labyrinthine North Stacks 
will soon be a cube 
Thanks to all who feasted , sang , danced , an overall made yesterday an epic birthday celebration - and mad proprs to < PROPFIRST > Knudsen , < PROPFEMALE > Letaw , and < PROPFEMALE > Fisher for organizing it all . Magnanimous hugs for everyone ! 
is utterly horrible at focusing . 
wishes everyone a blessed holiday and relaxing time with friends and family :) 
needs to work with feverish intensity , not fevered intensity . 
is singing Handel's Messiah this evening , and is meeting friends for dinner before at 6:00 pm at the Panera next to Hill Auditorium . Feel free to join and spread the holiday spirit :) 
loves finding dried leaves in old library books . 
Snow ! 
is simply ready to be done . 
Had an excellent Colorado Christmas with < PROPFIRST > Knudsen and family , Boulder adventures with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Jiang , and is now off to be crazy with old high school friends :) 
was surprised to see a club full of people rocking out to Obama's ' Yes We Can ' speech . 
Sledding tonight - 10 PM at Veteran's Park 
and < PROPFIRST > Knudsen both dreamt of fighting off aliens last night - the perils of speaking of the supernatural before bed . 
has lost the rear brakes on his car , which are not completely essential since the front do most of the work anyway . Fairly expensive to fix , is it better to simply limit driving for the remainder of the semester , or pay more to fix the car than it cost to buy ? 
reading history makes me happy . 
is candles , cooking , Bach's Mattheus Passion , and gentle snowfall . 
\ ... it is surely true that only a perverted mind can consider a building anything but a means to an end . What requires scrutiny is the nature of that end and the ways of attaining it . \"" 
can only feel half his tongue . 
is on a Grainger kick . 
is on a boat , swashbucklin ' the Lesser Antillies . 
will bring the energy of a week of feasting , karaoke , and sand castles into Archland's midterm push . 
Space shuttle and the ISS passing over < PROPFEMALE > Arbor at 07:21 tonight , moving from NW to SE , passing through roughly the center of the sky in a transit that will last about 6 minutes . The shuttle will come over first , followed by the ISS 2 minutes later . 
