Happy New Decade ~ 2011 . yay for prime numbers ~ 

I played flu tag over the weekend . I'm it . 
ah ... I wasted so much time on facebook . sucks . 
I feel bad for Asada ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s makes my stomach say \hello \"" 
\Grow up Tony ... \"" 
Noooooo . Whitebeard is going to die ~ 
\I read somewhere ... how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong ... but to feel strong ... to measure yourself atleast once . \"" 
Catch Catch Hallo Hallo ~ 
I'm going to go to Ikea and buy the POÄNG chair . I'm imagining that it will be glorious . I will sit all day ~ 
Fear limits me to peer through the window of familiarity . Maybe one day , I'll gain the courage to venture out . 
I accidentally bit my tongue and in retaliation its constantly sending pain messages to my brain . Stupid tongue . 
What do I do on gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > days ? Math ! 
It is in weakness that we discover who we really are . Take away comfort and food and man becomes another beast . 
Man ... One Piece is so awesome . 
Some days I wish I had a wig , so I can just put it on and jet . No need to style or wash my hair . 
Fear suppresses love . 
Oh sweet pillow , sing me a nice song to sleep . 
I want to play some soccer ~ 
This is my prayer in my hunger and need , my God is the God who provides . 
I found my favorite pencil ! yessss ~ 
Oh stomach of mine , stop protruding out or else there will be no dinner for you ! 
I wish I was the wind ... 
???? 
addictions 
delusions 
repercussions 
Feels like my mind is unraveling . 
26 years ago , I was a mere cell invisible to the eye . Now look at me , complex and concsious ... Life is so weird . 
He tried to silence his inner demons by pure physical exhaustion , hoping that the pain and fatigue that he felt in his flesh would ring louder than the voices that he heard in his head . 
Happiness is satisfaction . 
\God made the integers ; all else is the work of man . \"" 
I'm alive . 
I started playing chess again ... You will rarely see me now . 
detox . withdrawal . restoration . 
Today , I love the rain . 
Dang One Piece is so GOOD . 
I think all the \bad food\ " that eat negate the \ " working out\ " that I do . Man ... I don't want to go on a diet though ... " 
? ?? ???? ?? ?? ~ 
Discipline . Training . mind , body , soul . 40 days . Lets see what happens ~ 
Tonight , I love the rain . 
ugh ... I shouldn't have eaten that cinnamon bun . My stomach ........ 
As expected ... man Messi is a monster . Higuain hat trick . Maradona looked like a drug lord . Oh yea ... and Park < PROPFEMALE > Young needs to get one of his legs cut off after today . 
I feel like my body's going to break .... Must recover for tomorrow to play again .... We don't get much < PROPFEMALE > weekends like this ..... 
?? ??? ???? ???? ?... 
Lets not be narrow minded ... 
hope . believe . wait . 
pieces are moving ... things are changing ... lets patiently see what happens now . 
I'm about to join lifetime . 
I love my dog when she greets me everytime I come home . I hate my dog when she barks every morning and wakes me up . 
Dang ... just saw How to Train Your Dragon . So good . Weakness into Strength . 
Dancing with insanity . Reading Crime and Punishment . 
Tempus Fugit . 
I am going to like ??? for a lot longer ~ 
There is so much lost in communication . 
Thinking about reality , infinity , and beauty . I may have a nightmare tonight . 
ambition . responsibility . elasticity . 
So tired . Wake me up when September ends . 
There are too many people living sad lives . 
Today's plan : Nap and Read ~ 
relaxing ~ 
Got a copy of \The Road to Reality\ " . I am excited ~ " 
WHAT !!! One Piece is going on a 4 week break !?!?! No ...... I'm so sad ......... 
If i could wish upon airplanes , I would wish to be a gundam pilot . 
Becoming a tech nerd once again . What is this ubuntu ... 
I have discovered NPR . Best thing to listen to while commuting . 
getting lost in a story . 
ah ....... my stomach hurtsss 
Eating cookie crisp cereal and playing chess while listening to < PROPFEMALE > . Even Kings don't have it this good . 
\And now here is my secret 
So I discovered this new pleasure of eating rice in cold water . The best part is the hot sticky rice becomes cold and not sticky so I can eat faster . 
ah ... a lot of stuff has been on my mind lately , but guess what ? I found Get Backers manga online ! I am so happy ~ 
yea ... life goes on . 
\I'll be there . \"" 
passion . 
I want some pakistani food ! 
sophistry 
I am storing up fat for the winter because it will be cold . yea ... that's what I'm doing ... 
For a limited time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s friendship is up for sale . Please call now to negotiate prices . 
OMG early release of Naruto , Bleach , and One Piece ... This may be the happiest Tuesday of my life . 
??? ???? ???????. 
Overwhelmed with sleepiness . So I shall sleep . 
Anyone wanna give me some pocky ? hahahaha 
Reality is going to catch up to my Fantasy and its not going to be pretty ... 
After many years of research , I have come to a conclusion . It is not healthy to think . 
There will be no One Piece this week . This maybe the saddest Weds . in my life ... 
I became a huge fan of ??. 
We are watching and we do not like what we are seeing . 
I am thankful that I can say today is going to be great . 
lets hope nothing bad happens while i sleep . 
???? ?? ???..... 
sometimes , its enough to know where you belong . 
I want to watch Tangled and Black Swan ! 
i am really happy today ~ 
I want some ???. 
I'm sorry oh body of mine . I'll take better care of you soon . Lets work hard so that your brother , Bae , stop expanding or else we are going to have to buy new pants . Honestly , we do now have money for that right now . 
Reading 20th Century Boys . Im turning into an otaku ... 
sigh ... circumstances mirrored backed what I truly look like . It's not a pleasant sight . It's time to work hard and stop being complacent . There are greater things to be done . 
Why is snow so wonderful ? 
ugh ... ate too much food ... this was a mistake ... 
< PROPFEMALE > in Excelsis Deo . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ~~~ 
Is it just me or does ???? seem really cool ? hmm .. maybe I should sleep . 
my body testifies that my life is too comfortable . 
Monster by Naoki Urasawa 
What the heck is this surprise One Piece release ??? I am so happy ~ 
This dude at the mall sold me italsteam . I dunno what happened . He was such a smooth talker , complimenting me and stuff ... Before i knew it , italsteam was in my bag and money from my wallet was gone ... 
oh sweet pillow , sing my a nice song to sleep 
Dear people in Rochester , stop opening that virus email ... 
Snows , Tea , Math . Sounds like a romantic evening . 
Its the shame that makes you want to hide . 
Sometimes there's a doubt that starts to creep into my mind . Whats the use of knowing such things as hyperbolic functions ? 
oh math ... how you make me cry and smile . 
\Finally I'm becoming stupider no more . \ " -Erdos " 
oh Mr. Dedekind , teach me something about < PROPFIRST > . 
I am starting to believe that the pho broth has magical healing powers . 
The < PROPFIRST > emperor must be angry today . 
Ah ~ I can't wait for spring to come . This winter as been too dreary . 
The < PROPFEMALE > was pretty tonight . 
Man I think I got bit up by bed bugs . They bit me mostly in places where its hard for the sun to shine ... This kinda sucks . 
tonight , let it pour . 
man ?? is too funny 
Korean love makes you fat . 
