< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 

had a blast shopping with < PROPMALE>'s girls today . I know ... who would've thought I'd be saying that I liked hanging out with kids ! 
Had a great < PROPFIRST>'s weekend with < PROPMALE > . Now back to work and school tomorrow ... i want another day off 
wants to thank everyone for their kind prayers for me and my family with the death of my grandfather . 
Has anyone else had the day from hell ?? Freaking full < PROPFEMALE > brings the crazy out .... to my office !!! Vodka tonic .... ahhhh .... much better 
Spent the day at the pool drinking beer ... ahhhh ... my therapy . Mexican food with < PROPMALE > topped it all off . 
is truly in love with her boyfriend . He makes me smile :) 
hates being a procrastinator ! I try not to do it but it always inevitably ends up the night before ..... 
praying for motivation and no more writer's block ! 
One class down with two to go ... and then a nice month long break from school 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes !!!!! 
Has a new addiction .... texas holdem poker ..... so not a good thing . One more reason not to do what I need to do :) 
What the heck did I just do ? I hit a button and all these friend questions went out . Sorry to those who got it . 
Had a great weekend in ark with the fam . We survived and no one killed anyone else , so I call that a successful family reunion weekend . Now back to work ... 
Friday night plans : Dinner with < PROPMALE > and then just relax together .... perfect 
Headed to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > ! Good food , good drinks , < PROPMALE > and good friends from college . What else can a girl ask for ? :) 
Great weekend in < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPMALE > !!! Now back to reality and work ... school starts back next Tuesday :( Only one semester left ! 
First night of class of my final semester of grad school ! Not sure taking the NCE while in school was my smartest idea . Let's hope that I can keep my 4.0 and pass the NCE all in one semester ! 
Sometimes I wonder ...... 
Exactly 365 days until our wedding ! It will be here before we know it 
is dreading the upcoming NCE ! :( 
is hoping this weekend will end better than it has started 
keeps reminding myself that this is my last semester .... i will be done in 2 months .... it just doesn't seem fast enough with a huge project , mid-terms , and the NCE over the next 2 weeks 
Tomorrow is the big day . Thanks to everyone for your support and encouraging words . And no I have not spent the entire night studying ... a wise person told me to take the night off and relax :) 
It's finally over . I have NO clue how I did , but I'm just happy it's over ! 
Feels like crap and has papers to write for class tomorrow night :( 
I'm ready for a week off in the Caribbean ..... there should be another reason for a week off on a remote island because the honeymoon seems way too far away ( 11 months ! ) 
Exhausted .... making no progress on orals ... for graduation ( for those perverts , you know who you are :)) 
hates when a day starts out to be so good and then turns to crap 
2 classes left and then graduation !!!!! 
Flashback 8 years .... sex and the city episodes and a glass of wine ( a cosmo would be best but wine works ) 
the last assignments before graduation are always the hardest to actually complete !!!! 
Finished ! Done with grad school !!!!! All I have left to do is walk across the stage . :) 
Graduation night !! 
loves her two best friends ! They help keep me sane and listen to me bitch , which is much needed at times :) 
wonders when text messaging replaced actual conversation ?? 
Just finished dinner and presents with all the grandparents ... first time our ( mine and < PROPMALE>'s ) parents met . It went well ! The in-laws get along ! Thank Heaven ! 
I got my favorite Christmas present : Beauty and the Beast DVD ... I know but it's the last childhood movie that I don't have on DVD . VHS is no longer . And as corny as it sounds , I have to thank my fiance for making me believe in < PROPFEMALE > tale endings ... with a twist of course :) 
Bridal show canceled today , and I had just gotten in the wedding mood :( Mom and I went shopping instead ... almost always makes me feel better ! 
Found my wedding dress !!!!! 
Anyone with defiant kids ? Show them Beyond Scared Straight on A&E . It is quite innovative and gritty . If watching it isn't enough , you can always research the closest prison near you that participates 
Day 2 of exercise program ... these trainers are rough ! I didn't realize how weak my abs were until today . If I do this until the wedding , I better look unbelievable in my wedding dress and on the honeymoon or I'll be pissed !!! 
I now know what it is like to work out so hard that you want to vomit when you finish !! And I'm not a fan :) 
wishes a \staples\ " button existed for wedding planning and everything magically shows up exactly like you want . PLUS everything that appears is free ... like in the commercials " 
Beautiful day , 78 degrees , windows down , sunroof open , \me and < PROPFIRST > magee\ " blaring on the radio ( Hagy you know what I'm talking about ) .... gotta appreciate the little things in life :) " 
Day off ... beautiful outside .... the pool is calling my name ..... then engagement pictures late this afternoon ! Very excited ! 
I hate being sick when it is pretty and hot outside 
