best 2 running backs in class B goin at it 2moro night Davenport v . Bowlegs be there 

im tired of this shit .. i never said that .. douthit needs to quit puttin words in my mouth that came from 2 seminole girls that have nuthing to do with OUR team 
guys im sorry for what happend friday night i didnt originaly say that but i did repete it .. regardless u guys are my family i love u and i will make it up 2 u 
everybody phillips mom just passed away keep him and his family in your prayers 
ahh so bored !!! sittin at home any1 wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
Like this and I will tell you what I like and dislike about you , first impression and confession . (: 
I watched the clock to make My timing ? just right .! so would It be ok if i took your breath away ! 
I watched the clock to make My timing jst right ! so would It be ok if i took your breath away ! 
dont be so quick to blame a friend ! when the smoke is cleared there'll be nobody left !! 
[ Haleigh beckenhauer , Brenan Carr , and I]we are the only people i know dumb enough to fuck up a game of go fish 3 straight times lmao !!! great night 
i let you in ! i let you in and you infected me !, cant get enough of you ! cant get enough of you !, i breathe you in ! i breathe you in and now im in to deep ! your so contagious ! 
this is it im shaking ! my bodys aching ! i loose my hold ! i will let go !! 
havin a pretty great night =] 
Missin her ! stupid falls creek :/ 
take the pain ... it will only make you stronger 
i cant stand when i try so hard for some1 but they give nothing back in return not even care 
Ill just go to sleep thinking about the great memmories we could've had 
I can hope my ass is made of ice cream but that dont make me a hot fudge sunday !! :D 
ugh surgery 2maro morn :( 
surgery went great expecialy the way i felt whin i woke up :) priceless 
mouth hurts now lol fml 
its the way you do the things you do that makes me ? fall in love with you !! 
Dont be scared to fall-Be excited to get back up and stand in the face of fear and scream for more !! 
All i do is win ! win ! win ! no matter what ! got the gold on my mind i can never get enough ! and every time i step in the building everybodys hands GO UP !!!......................... AND THEY STAY THERE !! 
Baby I like it !!!! 
Like my status and I will tell you what I like about you (: 
i love to think ... because when people on this planet . they do amazing things ! 
< PROPFIRST > and riki are my bestfriends . 
how bad do you want it ?? 
The shadows i can see see me perfectly ! 
2maro is going to be battle between pain and determination .. all i can say is pain will not break me 
i need an earthquake , !!! To shake this pitty off the ground !!! 
Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes ME good or bad i want to see 
we're gonna change this place ... just remember that statement 
dont tell me how bad you hurt , hurt for how bad you want to be able to stand up one day and say \We did it \"" 
well here goes ! my big plans ! to build up this fortress into the clouds !!! its made up , of my LOVE , and my HEART and my BLOOD will make it up !! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > said it best , JUST WIN BABY WIN ! 
Now its Football season and time to set a personal goal hmm what do you think ?? 
about to go get my schedual try to find all of my classes should be a difficult task lol 
THIS FLY WONT DIE !!! :( 
when life sucks ... douche it :D lmao 
Everything in LIFE happens for a REASON\ 
So when you step on that field tommarrow ... \ 
What REASON are you gonna give LIFE to give you a great SEASON ? 
ok if you take away a player that scored 26 of 35 total TDs last season and also lose 2/3 of your offensive line how can you wright in the paper saying you're a better team than last year ? because you got rid of the \ME\ " mentality ?? thats bullshit bowlegs and you know it " 
good job bowlegs bad night for us though .. damn ... 
Love my mom 
strep throte sucks :( .. but she still mannaged to make my weekend absolutely perfect :) 
This is our week !.. and breaking out isnt even the beggining to what i plan on doing with the < PROPMALE > that is being given to me this friday night under them lights . 
Theres no more ways to show you !! I just cant take no more !! The thoughts of me inside you !, just make me sick your goin down !!! 
I < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wood just single handedly lost a game that my team deserved nothing less than to win .. .. ive got to figure out how to defete myself and until then im nothing 
they keep on tellin me when its my time to shine ill shine but my time to shine is Now and Forever !! \J . Wood \"" 
< PROPFIRST>'s facebook has been hacked :) I love you babe can't wait for you to move back :D 
in todays world im suprised refs dont call it unsportsmanlike to get on one knee to thank god after scoring ... stupid people ruining the greatist game in the world in as many ways as possible :( 
Ihate ppl how can you talk shit onCourtlandFinnigan saying he lost a fight when there wsnt even enough fighting to declare a winner , much less a looser . And ya he got hit 2ce and didnt get any hits on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > but hes in the NFL if he swings back his dumb ass fine probly doubles and he gets susspended for a while so he did the right thing by taking his two sucker punches and laughing in the face of aOverratted WR 
what ide give to play for a championship today ...... 
i just learned that each and every person on this planet is born with THC receptors in they're brain .... apperintly somone ( god ) had a good enough reason to put them there , so why so illigal ? 
Sitting with My wonderful amazing sister . Playin cod . dominating :) 
fuck bitches and their bs !!! 
wish there was enough room to type what i wanna say on this :( 
bad days are too common . 
looking back on this past year , it was the best times , it was the worst times , but we're building something here . 
The day i learn to fly ... I'm never coming down . 
we have a < PROPMALE > to start some traditions around here boys . keep it up 
i speak the truth and everybody else knows it ! so set our ego to the side and just get the fuck over it !! ADTR - 2nd sucks 
im not afraid of anything , and ive got the whole world in front of me 
roses are red < PROPFEMALE > s are .. .. < PROPFEMALE > get over It , its life :) ? lol 
Tonight i get to do the thing i love more than anything else in the world :) ? 
Ok My lowest grade is ? a 71 and i might not get to play Tonight cause they put Me on ? the failing list !!?? Fuck this world !! 
welp they got their shit straight :D im ? pitching tonight , world .. come watch :) 
this week is a big week boys how bad do you want it ? how do you want to be rememberd ? we need to begin playin like we know how , no more of last weeks mistakes dont be afraid to be perfect . it all starts tomarow forget everything else besides the things you know iin between the < PROPFEMALE > . 
No , the words i speak Are the thoughts i think out loud . 
your not the person i knew back then !! its not too late to set things straight cause everything has been !! 
what the hell do they think they know ?! my heads above the water while they drown in the undertow !!!! 
Im sorry guys i really fucked up .. i was just doing everything i could to win .. i hope you can forgive Me . 
dead space 2 disc 1 :) lets get shit poppin 
and dead space 2 has now been beat i cant believe < PROPMALE > gets out alive lol 
While nothing can touch us tonight . While the stars are in our hands and nothing out of reach , will we crumble ? letting the stars fall into the abiss , or will we grasp the stars in our hands and become everything noone wanted us to be ? Noble Senior class : 2013 
we pave the rodes we take and we bend before we break !! 
its my birthday weekend ! i have nothin to do :/ anyone wanna do somethin crazy ?? lol 
the difference between good and geat is one step , but the diffrence beween great and the best is a giant wall that very few are capable of climbing , 
whos gonna be the first to say happy birthday¿ ? 
Keep your ears closed and let your eyes listen :D Sweet 16 !! 
i speak the truth but i guess thats a foriegn language to yall 
There's no one in the world like emily :) 
the worst pain imaginable is ... this 
