How can my soul feel so empty when my glass is still half full ? 

It's 3 AM and my mind is goon . 
I would rather set myself on fire than go to school tommorrow . 
need food ... too lazy to cook ... need food .. too lazy to cook .. uuuuuuuugh ... 
An ' I seldom feel , the bright relief , it's been the worst day since yesterday . 
would offer his throat to the wolf with the red roses . ( Meat Loaf rocks ) 
Lost will to live , damn it's going to be a long week . 
Evil , moving box in my living room . Help me . 
boom de yada , boom de yada , boom de yoda , boom de yada , boom de yada , BOOM DE YADA ! 
Wondering whether I'd take the red pill or the blue one . What happens if i take both ? 
I'm battered and bruised , with a bite < PROPFIRST > on my arm . Damn , tonight was fun . Just pass the vitamin I , would ya ? 
Oh , I wish I had a pencil thin mustache . 
What has broken in a man when he can conceive the idea of munchkin-apples to apples super fusion frenzy ? 
Fuck the fucking ACT to fucking hell ! I'm fucking tired as shit , and want to fucking lie down and fucking die . And if I see one more fucking bubble sheet , I'm going to lose my fucking mind . FUCK ! 
AAAaaaaaWOOOOOoooooooo !!! Werewolves of UT ! 
With thoughts of everything reelin ' in my head , 8 hours awake turnin ' in my bed . When I hit the wall I'm gonna hit it hard . Maybe its time to draw another card . 
Well we can't salute ya , can't find a flag . That don't suit ya , thats a drag . School's out for summer ! 
Anyone else not know that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was dead ? 
Does anyone know I could go about dying my hand red ? 
Raise your hand if you think the should plug the oil leak with bp executives ? 
just spent a few hours at Northpark mall by myself in a state of mind similar to that of some Less Than < PROPMALE > song ( coincidentally just bought their Anthem album ) . Eating Sushi Alone now sounds like the title of a song to me . 
Just went for a nice walk , man the night air is nice . I just wish there was a law that said dumbasses had to stay inside after 8 . 
Just got back from my second night time walk this summer and have decided to make it a regular thing . Along the way I ran into a few friends and hungout with them . 
Man , last night was awesome , catch , walmart , ninja , sword fighting by the river , then I got home and my headache really started to hit me , I thought I was going to die , and I still haven't felt well today . ugh . 
Just struck me how ackward it is living in 2010 . I mean it's the year of science fiction , so where are the flying cars , household robots , near-perfect robotic prostetic limbs , nanotech , hourly shuttles to mars , phaser laser taser guns , ect , ect . I mean every time I see the date , boom Sci-fi mindset . what happen to these advancements we were promised as children . 
Seriously wish this god damn cold , sinus infection , hex , or whatever would just go away . \ 
I feel miserable right now . If this < PROPFEMALE > related , I'm seriously wondering what I did . 
Uuugh , my right ear is seriously bugging me . It feels like something clogging it up . Its probably mucus from the sinus proplem I was having earlier . I'm starting to freakout here . Somebody help me . 
Man , I'm feeling great today . My ears no longer clogged . I so swell , I feel like singing . Sing along if you know the words . Mahna Mahna ! 
Just spent the entire day with my friends . We finished the current D&D campaign in an epic battle against both the living enbodiement of darkness and also our own sweat . Then went to dinner with < PROPMALE > Hemmingson and < PROPFEMALE > Tuba Nalepa , then after that we hungout down by the river and sword fought . It was most awesome . 
I have just failed at making a blended coffee drink for myself . I think I need stronger coffee cause this shit is watered down . 
This maybe the final broadcast for tonight , so to all of you I say \Stay the fuck indoors and be safe ! \ " Riders on the storm . " 
If you're brave , Copy this into your status and see what people rate you :) ( 1 ) Crazy ( 2 ) I'd marry you ( 3 ) Talkative ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5 ) Lovable ( 6)Awesome ( 7 ) Moody ( 8 ) Dumb ( 9 ) Great Friend ( 10 ) Mouthy ( 11 ) Random(12 ) Hot ( 13 ) Funny ( 14 ) Fit ( 15 ) Amazing ( 16 ) Beautiful ( 17 ) Cute ( 18 ) Rude ( 19 ) Simple ( 20 ) Strong ( 21 ) The Best FRIEND ( 22 ) Freak ( 23)Quiet ( 24 ) Adorable ..... THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING !!!! 
Just spent an afternoon acquiring and modding a nerf gun with < PROPMALE > . Hopefully tommorrow we can start painting . 
I'm gonna be out of town hangin ' with my crazy family this weekend , and is no internet there , so you can all start rejoicing that you don't have to here from me till monday . Oh , and could someone at D&D get my character rebuilt for the epic campaign ? 
Had a brillant day of me and < PROPMALE > nearly drowning in the rain , then going to < PROPFEMALE > Wars in concert , where we ran into < PROPMALE > Hemmingson , < PROPFEMALE > Tuba Nalepa , and Connor . During the Intermission we discussed nerdily the < PROPFEMALE > Wars universe and who would win in a fight , Darth Maul or General Grievous . All this on the 3rd aniversary of < PROPMALE > and mine's go-kart accident . 
97% of teenagers would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Bieber standing on top of a sky scraper , about to jump . If your one of the 3% who would sit there like me , in a deck chair with popcorn and yell \DO A FLIP ! \ " then copy and paste this as your status . " 
God Damned , I have too many ideas for stories trapped in my head and the fucking Word processor on my fucking computer doesn't fucking work . If I don't get something down , I'm going to go bloody insane . Clearly there is a higher power out there ... \ 
And the fucker hates me ! 
Word of advice . Don't go looking up shit on the Slender Man Mythos if you ever want to sleep again . I am now severely paranoid . 
Just spent my entire evening typing up a paper for Gender Issues . Now will somebody please bomb the kingdom of Ye Olde New Jersae ? I'm too tired to do it myself . 
I've once more survived the annual family reunion known as Bash . Much fun had been had and another aardvarklet ( < PROPMALE > Sawdust Dietsch ) has been initiated . Now with a mere twelvemonth and a diploma between me and this ritual , I must either accept my fate or become an outlaw . I say bring forth the cowpie . 
believes UT needs an underground newspaper . One that isn't forced to have a slant the administration aproves of . One thats allowed to point out that both parties are at fault ( dead horse , I know . * kick *) and talks about subjects the Panther Press is ' fraid of . We need a place where the thinkers of the school can get on their soapboxes and voice their opinions . I'm mad as hell , and I will stand for this no longer . 
Does anyone know where I can still get an Element energy drink in the QC anymore ? I know Mother Hubard's Cupboard used to < PROPFEMALE > ' em , but I just can't find it anymore . 
Does anyone know where I can watch Wall Street . As in the first movie , not the upcoming sequel . 
Man , I feel like I'm in the wrong < PROPFEMALE > . I love the music of the 60's , 70's , and 80's . I sometimes dress like a greaser . I believe in chivilry . And I believe society died in 2000 . We have no culture or class in this day and age , and it makes me sick . The only good thing we have is anime . I'm mad as hell and I don't want to take anymore of this shit . So , GOOD DAY SIR ! 
I wish Billiards was being offered for next quarter . Oh well , SPEED POOL ! 
Another wasted day in the dying embers of my youth . I'm starting to realize that this is becoming a pattern . Gone are the days of dragons and knights , robots and lasers . Imagination extruded from my soul by the daily hells . My hopes and dreams just dust in the wind . I am automaton , give me chore . 
1 in every 10people born is gay . That means 1 in every 10 people is instantly putdown , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , and so muchelse ... all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are goingto suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will getbetter , and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% who will . 
Man , it looks like none of the local theaters are playing Waiting For \Superman\ " . I was really hoping to see it . It's supposed to be really good . P.S. The first miner is out . " 
I've gone to Fallen London ! http://www.fallenlondon.com 
Wish I could find some of the World of Darkness books and some poor sap foolish enough to run a few games . ( cause I lack the attention span to do ... ) I keep reading things about it and it sounds really interesting . Or at least D20 Modern . Please Pelor , Moradin , Bhaal , or what ever god is listening , D&D is fun and all , but the campaigns are start to all feel the same . 
Why am I so pathetic ? I claim that I want to be a writer and yet I have not written a < PROPFEMALE > . I have claimed that there is love out there for one and all and yet all I find none . I claim that the public education system is doing more harm than good and yet I do nothing to fix it . I claim to be good and yet I hate . I claim what I can not . 
I really need to get something written , or I might very well lose what scraps of sanity I have left . But no , I keep procrastinating . Gorram it all , Why am I such a frakking drekhead . Rot this whole gorram mess . God , Thor , Odin , Loki , Zeus , Hades , Mars , Pelor , Moradin , Bhaal , Ect . Damnit ! 
This is the final straw . This new totalitarian principal must fall . Taking away our right to come to school in costume in celebration of Halloween is criminal . Some of us have looked forward to this all year . Hell , in years prior some teachers have offered extra credit for wearing a costume . I say we seize the day and dress in protest of this offence . If you agree copy this . 
Day 3 of being sick and I'm losing my mind . 
just truly relaxed after this nerve wrecking day . The nightmares I'll have tonight will probably be in song . 
Had a great evening with < PROPMALE > Hemmingson and < PROPFEMALE > ' Feisty ' Nalepa . Listened to jazz and got ice cream . Hope there are a few more times like this left in the school year . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same ! 
All around me are familiar faces , wornout places , wornout faces . 
I think someone broke the troper tales index on tv tropes . 
Practicing dancing in socks in a cluttered basement with a floor withpatches of smoothness and some debris and dust from remodeling is probably a bad idea . 
010000100110010100100000011100110111010101110010011001\ 
010010000001110100011011110010000001100100011100100110\ 
100101101110011010110010000001111001011011110111010101\ 
110010001000000100111101110110011000010110110001110100\ 
01101001011011100110010100101110 
I offer a prize of an internet to person who correctly answers my question . What is the true cause for celebration on December 25th ? 
The iPod touch is the best Christmas gift this year . 
I don't want deal with the real world right now . It's nothing but bullshit and lies . Returning to that place tomorrow is going to be the Xth level of Hell for me . Oh fuck it , I'm rambling . 
I see the bad < PROPFEMALE > arising , I see trouble on the way . 
I'm just gonna say it , the information age breeds idiots . 
A crack just spontaneously appeared in my screen . I was just playing a game and then * pop * a crack ! 
Springtime for Hitler and Germany . 
The Cape is pretty awesome . Summer Glau isn't crazy for once . Here's hopin ' this doesn't get canceled . 
\Don't look don't look\ " the shadows breathe\ 
Just downloaded and listened to a beautiful reading of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe's The < PROPFEMALE > narrated by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Will you please stop bitching about the new profile . It the change was inevitable . Get over it . And how is it that the person who normally can't stand change was one of the first people to accept the new profile ? 
Bullshit ! I am not a Taurus ! I am a twin and I shall remain a twin ! Ophiuchus can go fuck it's self ! Gemini ! Gemini ! 
Does anyone have any of the following that I may borrow : any Nox Arcana(preferably Darklore Manor and blackthorn asylum ) , Apocalyptica(especially instrumentals ) , The Crow movie score , and anything else dark and chilling that would for a World of Darkness playlist . 
Just finished reading a novelette about werewolves and vampires in the wild west . For anyone whose interested it's called Silver Shells : A Werewolf Gunslinger Tale 
??????????????????????????????????????????? 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > 
There are couple of people I'd like to thank tonite , First which ever higher power that made tonight run as smoothly as it did , secondly everyone else for contributing to this probably even more , and thirdly Connor Hemmingson for getting a table at \ 
< PROPFEMALE > so quickly . 
There current temperature is -13 with a wind chill of \Oh fuck ! \"" 
The state of bullshit can go fuck itself 
Kinda glad I didn't make it to the cast party , I've been getting headaches off and on tonight . bittersweet moments of life , happiness spent in strife . 
Well I'm annoyed . I nearly broke my ass slipping down a set of stairs while visiting with < PROPMALE > , and now I'm on the verge of being ground for getting fed up with the fact that my parents pretty much forced me into a class that I hate . 
Looking for members for a World of Darkness RPG group . Most be compitent and paitent enough to deal with a first time GM . NO munchkins , minimaxers , or snake-killers . Preferably people sticking around the QC after the end of the 2011 school year . 
Dear Waking World , \ 
You suck . You pull me from my fantasy and bring me nothing but pain . You do nothing but abuse me and make me feel weak . You're a lying piece of shit even when you're being brutally honest . I'm leaving you . I've found a new state of mind and it's name is Day Dreaming . It treats me with respect . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
So , did anyone else hear the news story about the copy of Tank Girl that accidentally wound up on the shelves of an elementary school library ? Wonder how long before this story gets misconstrewed ? At least it wasn't < PROPMALE > the Cat . 
12 years , 12 years I'll have spent these asylum churches . 12 years of a quasi-religious education . 12 years of reciting the same prayer everyday . \I pledge allegiance ... \"" 
Well I'm on my way . I've started on the prologue . Course now I won't be able to focus 
Well , I finished writing the first draft of the prologue . I may end up replacing it with one more introductory to the main character and save this traumatic piece for later . Either way , I'm not going to be able to listen to that song the same for a while . 
and i don't want the world to see me , \ 
cause i don't think that they'd understand\ 
when everything's made to be broken , \ 
i just want you to know who I am . 
Accidentally took a nap with a set of 8 pound weights resting on my chest and gut . And the weird thing is I feel relaxed because of it . 
I'm going ice skating with Lucifer tomorrow . 
I keep getting hit with nostalgia bombs lately . It's starting to become painful . 
Two things :\ 
1 . Just saw the the scariest thing in the world , a commercial for p90x . \ 
2 . Is it possible to die from a nostalgia bomb ? 
I'm living in nostalgia , and it's driving me insane . I'm chasing down good memories , but all I feel is pain . I realize that cartoons weren't really my friends , just colorful distractions from what I really am . 
\so i get up and go down the stairs and try to make a sandwich \ 
I'll admit it , I'm only watching for the commercials and cause I'm waiting for Glee . 
Woo ! People in yellow pants win ! 
Glee was totally worth sitting through watching football . Great character development for Karavski . Loved the zombie bowl . 
Just pulled a \25 or 6 to 4 . \ " and to answer \ " should I try to write some more ? \ " not tonight one < PROPFEMALE > will do . " 
Today I slept and worked on homework . And for once I didn't care , because I wasn't trapt in a fucking prison all day . 
Power Rangers Samurai kicks ass ! I know that is probably the dorkiest thing I could say , but they did a good job . They're kinda aiming it at the old fans of the series . They brought back Bulk . Rangers Together , Samurai Forever ! 
FACT : Hitler was a Disney fan . 
Great Glee ! And too reuse a line from one of my previous post , \ The love triangles are becoming dodecahedrons and lovers are welded together too close to powder kegs . " 
Dihydrogen monoxide is a growing , silent killer . It chokes , destroys national monuments and buildings , burns and freezes . It is responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths worldwide , and this count grows every day . Help us to put a stop to this growing menace . 
Log On , Plug In , Zone Out . 
I think they aged down Ash . I mean , by my calculations , he should at least be 15 . ( 1 year per generation ) but instead he looks more like a 10 year old than he did at the start of the series . Also , Trip , the new rival , is a douche . 
Sadies was fun . Much awkward nerd dancing . Needed more stuff like We No Speak Americano . Movie afterwards was good . I sleep now . 
I can't decide whether to listen to music or pop in a VHS . ( yes I said VHS ) I just need something to do . 
Well I won't be sleepong tonight . Even though Slender Man is a complete fabrication of the inernet , it's still creepy as fuck . I mean , how do we know that our subconscience hasn't made him real . After all , \He only exists if you think about it 
More Fun < PROPFIRST>'s Facts : More relationships END on < PROPFIRST > s Day than any other day of the year . Conversation hearts are made of bone meal and earwig < PROPFEMALE > . That ring he's giving you was probably mined for by orphans . W ? ài n ?. I predict that at least 50 homicides and 30 suicides will accur by the end of the day in Illinois alone . 
For those of you who need to know , Marble Hornets is where you go . Love ? 
If y ? u g ? int ? the w ?? ds t ? day , y ? u're sure t ? get a surprise . 
Man , I set down my iPod earlier and then it disappeared . Then I walk into my room(which I hadn't entered since I came home ) and there it is in the center of my bed . Now I find that my profile pic has been changed to the Operator Symbol and someone has post cryptic messages trying to < PROPFEMALE > me as a Slender-Proxy . But I'm the only one in my house who knows about the Slenderman Mythos . 
Name something you pass around ? 
I can haz stupid question . Who was it that said they'd be my sponsor ? 
Beneath leather and snark , lies a brittle soul . Behind these eyes , a once free spirit now battered and bruised . The coats I bear are my only armor , my snark , my only blade . These are my only defenses against a world so cruel and harsh . If you strip me of these , my soul will collapse into the void . But that's what you want , isn't it ? A golem . A soulless automaton . A cog so easily controlled . 
The angry boy , a bit too insane\ 
Icing over a secret pain\ 
You know you don't belong 
Warning : I do not recomend trying to replicate anything from the last few videos I've liked . My viewing of these videos has probably put me on some sort of watchlist . If you do make one of these , please keep in mind that Big Brother is watching you , and you will not be heard from again . 
Me:\It's sad when Comedy Central is the most reliable source for political news . \ " \ 
Where are we , what the hell is going , the dust has only just begun to fall . 
I don't care if Mondays blue , Tuesdays grey , Wednesday too , Thursday I don't care about you , it's Friday I'm in love . 
I didn't it make to Duckie's on time . Look's like the nerds , losers , outcasts , freaks , and geeks don't have man in this to represent them . unless they allow me to supply my own formal wear . 
“This hand of mine glows with an awesome power . It’s burning grip tells me to defeat you ! Now here I go , Shining Finger ! ” 
Heaven is where the police are British , \ 
the chefs Italian , \ 
the mechanics < PROPMALE > , \ 
the lovers French , \ 
and it's all organized by the Swiss . \ 
\ 
Hell is where the police are < PROPMALE > , \ 
the chefs are British , \ 
the mechanics French , \ 
the lovers Swiss , \ 
and it is all organized by the Italians 
The City weeps , cold tears stain it's streets . It's Heart frees itself from it's icy cage . Spring is here . 
< PROPMALE > and Joon is such a great movie , especially at this time of the night . Now I wanna try cooking like < PROPFIRST > Depp's character though . And learn those < PROPMALE > Keaton and < PROPFIRST > Chaplin routines . 
My dad playing Borderland is funny . He just used a grenade against Digit , and now Digit is running around on the path . 
Well , I'm locked out of my house . So now I'm sitting in my < PROPFIRST > and waiting . In other news , I can't make up my mind on which of my writing ideas I should go with , or even which medium they'd work best in . Luckily I'll have time to think about this while I wait for my sister to get home . 
How many times must I post things like this before people see the light : http://twins.guptara.net/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/Escaping-the-Education-Trap.-JGuptara.docx 
It's time to party like it's 1886 . So wind your watch , put on your goggles , and let's take to the skies ! 
I'd say I'm hungry enough to eat my own arm , but I took one bite and hit bone . Feed Me ! 
I just realized these 2012 doomsday predictions may not be as crazy as we think . After all , pigs have flown(in planes ) , we have Chinese Democracy(except in < PROPFEMALE > ) , And Duke Nukem Forever is coming out this year(possibly ) . That's 3 of the seals as far as I'm concerned . 
My dad just put a laser scratch into my copy of Borderlands . 
I want The World , not just a Fragment . I want a Sign , something with Roots with in The World . Maybe it's an Infection , that has caused a Mutation , and soon there could be an Outbreak , so maybe I should be in Quarantine . 
How much coke did < PROPFIRST > Sheen do ? 
Just had a dream that can only be describe the Holocaust if you replace the Jews and Gypsies with Gnomes and Elves . Night truly is a powerful book . 
( I know this is a little stale , but ) Like this status and I'll post a song that reminds me of you on your wall . 
I feel like death . And even if I am dying , theres no way in Hell I'll be able to stay home tomorrow . FML 
The Lord of Murder shall perish . But in his doom he shall spawn a score of mortal progeny . Chaos will be sown from their passage . So sayeth the wise Alaundo . 
I'm kinda annoyed that I was sick . I felt like crap , and missed out on important news . Ugh . 
I would like to apologize to anyone I may have let down with my absences in the past two days . I hope to be better by Monday . 
You may find yourself living in a shotgun shack\ 
You may find yourself in another part of the world\ 
You may find yourself behind the wheel of a large automobile\ 
You may find yourself in a beautiful house with a beautiful wife 
I can't sleep . To much energy from anticipation ( and possibly pent up energy from lazing about while I was sick ) . Oh well , I can sleep when I'm dead , ( also , I can sleep on the way there ) 
Back from White Pines . Wish I weren't . 
S . P . F . C . CS . M F.T. I JUST LOST A THIRD OF MY SINGING ABILITY . BSOD . 
I downloaded the Genius : the Transgression PDF to my Borders ebook app . Now if I ever get around to actually run WoD , you won't have to just play a vampire . 
Oh my God ... I'm a tomato ! 
Skintight stealth suits , chilling scores , and existentialism . I love this anime ! 
My body aches all over from shadow ops last night . I need caffeine . 
Answer all the questions in a comment :\ 
1 . How did we meet ? \ 
2 . What was your first impression of me ? \ 
3 . What would you do for a Klondike bar ? \ 
copy'n'paste (: 
Wash away my troubles , wash away my pain , with the rain of Shambala . 
Why would I want leave my kind , warm bed for that cold abusive bitch school ? / Back on the chain gang . 
Another vulgar day in a cog factory . Another session of forced mind whittling . Another shouting match with God . 
Mother told me , yes , she told me I'd meet girls like you . \ 
She also told me , \Stay away 
Just accidentally ate a cupcake on a stick that had been in my for about a month , and had started to mold . 
Was just standing outside on my porch watching the storm for the past 5 or 10 minutes . Very beautiful . 
My my , hey hey\ 
Rock and roll is here to stay\ 
It's better to burn out\ 
Than to fade away\ 
My my , hey hey . 
I love Breaking In . I'll allow it . 
