so I threw < PROPFIRST > a party today and instead of having fun he is asleep on the bed under the guests ' coats ; ) 

is sooo sleepy . I am starting the new year tomorrow instead . 
wants to thank everyone for coming to < PROPFIRST>'s Day of Fun ! 
thinks she and < PROPFIRST > need a dart board . And maybe a pool table . 
is getting ready to go for a run before work ! 
is looking forward to basketball tonight : ) 
yay for the Lakers ! : ) 
just experienced a taste of Jamaica in her own kitchen 
is thankful for the sweet , cold breath of her air conditioner 
thinks < PROPFIRST>'s Christmas came way early this year ( new golf clubs + new bag ) so he better not expect anything in December ; ) 
begins salivating at the mere aroma of BWW Blazin ' sauce 
wonders why beer is so refreshing 
is happy to finally get back into running after being sick for so long ! 
is happy she has a phone that works 
is preparing for a long day of work , work work ! 
just got back from a toasty run outside 
is finally out of bed on her day off , struggling to become awake and alert enough for normal human activities like bagel eating and tooth brushing 
and < PROPFIRST > have been together for two years - hooray ! 
is a bit of a domestic genius 
is skating tomorrow !!! ( for the first time since before the wedding , so it could be interesting ! ) 
thinks that a visit to the library is in order 
is back from the rink - where she was reminded why she should never , ever try to skate on a public session 
is curiouser and curiouser 
just bought Torvill & Dean : Path to Perfection ! I <3 ebay . 
has spent the afternoon hand-hemming the < PROPMALE > shades she is custom-making for her windows and now is turning her thoughts to lunch ... 
has ice dance boots and blades on the way ; ) 
is thinking of ways to use the beautiful serving dishes she got for the wedding ... trifle , anyone ? 
needs to go to the store but has no < PROPFEMALE > to step out into the blazing inferno beyond her door . 
<3 summer days in the pool ! 
is doing * projects* ! 
is back from a great run : ) 
thinks one of her toes bears a striking resemblance to E.T. and gets creeped out when she notices it in the bath . 
is sad the skates she bought are too small ! She knew it was too good to be true ... 
just watched < PROPFIRST > lock us out of the house and then redeem himself by breaking in and shimmying head first through a window . 
says it's beer time ! 
finds the brilliant flame burning on her citronella candle to be absolutely mesmerizing 
discovered the fire-resistance of ants tonight . Verdict : poor . 
thinks that despite sustaining a knee injury and going home with a ruined swimsuit , that she had a ton of fun today --- and she does mean a ton - exactly 2,000 pounds of fun . 
is summoning all of her willpower in hopes that she can avoid gorging herself on s'mores tonight . 
' s aroma is a complex , delicious blend of campfire smoke and caramelized marshmallows . 
is pondering what hot dog to try next at \Let's Be < PROPFIRST > of Wichita \"" 
just bought her < PROPMALE > Potter tickets !! 
is taking out her contacts and breaking out the Jamaican hot sauce 
is beginning to understand why people choose to have children . 
wonders why her allergies are bothering her at this time of year 
The Wichita Police Department Bicycle Safety Clinic < PROPFIRST > is parked across the street . Good times . 
is doing it Hemingway style for the fourth night in a row . 
is the lady of the house 
officially has a tan line from her socks - I need to spend more time at the pool to combat my summer running ! 
is heading out to enjoy a beer with her husband 
is stuck ... who knew it was so hard to write a paragraph promoting yourself 
had a semi-productive day : ran 5.5 < PROPMALE > , drank beer , bought beer , cooked dinner , baked a cake , and applied to a job . 
just realized that in fewer than 24 hours I will be watching the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie . 
is boarding the Hogwarts Express - full steam ahead ! 
was forced to abandon her car at Panera this morning . While she got a cup of coffee Mr. Lexus changed his mind about driving her to work . 
is sad that now the only things on my keychain are a flashlight and the house key :*( 
is trying to inject some fun into her boring workday 
is trying out twitter ... so far it seems lame 
still thinks twitter sucks 
just made chocolate covered pretzels and would describe this process not as cooking or baking , but as a horrible , sadistic chemistry experiment that fortunately begets delicious results ( along with the burns ) 
forgot the fundamentals for a second : \Let's start at the very beginning . A very good place to start . When you read you begin with A-B-C . When you wake up you begin with c o-o f-fee . \"" 
is annoyed that she must constantly update her personal slang acronym dictionary in order to understand what the heck other people are talking about ... you say : fml and ftw . i say : wtf ?! 
is rediscovering her love of < PROPFIRST > Strauss 
hopes that an afternoon cup of coffee ( or three ) will revitalize her 
smells like bengay : ( 
just got back from a mini-adventure with Tyler : Sandhills State Park + Carriage Crossing Restaurant . 
* lumos * 
has only been awake for three hours but is having trouble keeping her eyes open ... is it nap time yet ? 
is looking for the perfect whole wheat pancake recipe 
thinks she may stay in her pajamas well into the afternoon ( she is making pancakes right now and then working from home ) 
is excited the sconces are < PROPMALE > in the bedroom 
it's SO f-ing humid outside - a mere 30 minutes outside turned my straightened hair curly 
thinks it's cute that < PROPFIRST > is so proud he has made her a Sooners fan ; ) 
is going running before work ... this sounds crazy . 
is not afraid to admit she loves cabbage 
just completed her first encounter with the misogynistic crapshack known as < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
smells like tub , shower , and tile cleaner 
is saying hello again to my old friend Fyodor Dostoevsky 
is super excited 
is cursing herself for not cleaning out the coffee maker ... now I have to do work first if I want coffee second ! I like coffee first ... 
is working out , showering , writing , sewing , and reading this evening . 
oatmeal stout + writing 
has an ice cave set as her desktop picture 
is cavity-free ! 
has a wonderful husband who build her stuff : D 
< PROPFEMALE > has a wonderful husband who builds her stuff : D 
is cooking a beautiful monster of a zucchini 
is 24 years old today , and it's the 64th anniversary of Hiroshima 
is going back to bed to read and drink coffee ( with liquor in it ) and eat breakfast ( double chocolate cookies ) 
is excited for dinner 
and < PROPFIRST > may finally be buying a couch today ! 
is officially in her mid-twenties and is looking for recommendations for good wrinkle creams . 
is stumbling around , searching for coffee ... it was a long night 
is pleased to announce she and < PROPFIRST > have passed yet another couples ' milestone - they bought a piece of furniture together ! 
is running and then working on party decorations all afternoon . 
thundery ! 
is tired and cranky 
needs an injection of energy 
has been seeing a few monarch butterflies drifting along outside 
so much to do and so little time 
wonders if having oatmeal for lunch is weird . 
needs to reframe her personal concept of leadership 
THINKS IT IS INCREDIBLY LAME THAT GOLF IS AN OLYMPIC SPORT . Athletic activity ? perhaps . Sport ? No . Olympic Sport ? DEFINITELY NOT . 
is hot and sweaty after running - thank goodness for air conditioning 
is trying to find fun and silly erotic gifts on Etsy.com 
gets to eat P A N C A K E S in the morning ! 
inconveniently broke her right shoulder during sleep 
is missing a bunch of socks and is not terribly pleased about the situation 
is wishing her grandparents a Happy 50th Anniversary today ! 
thinks it's wonderful < PROPFIRST > went to get her coffee : ) 
eew cleaning 
is done with cleaning , now on to cooking ( what a model wife I am being today : P ) 
doused herself in bug spray , lavender essential oil , and was only outside for a total of five minutes but the mosquitoes STILL managed to get her ! 
thinks it will be difficult to overcome rainy-day-inertia and make it to the gym this morning ; ) 
is still addicted to looking at wedding websites almost 6 months after hers is over . Try inspiredbride.net for some beautiful ideas and pics ! 
LOVES LEARNING ABOUT LIGHTNING ! 
UGGHHH go home < PROPFIRST > Favre ! Enjoy your family and your fishing and your \comftable\ " Wranglers . " 
needs more sandpaper 
is about to go do something icky - any guesses ? 
is hungry for pupusas ! 
is full from a delicious El Salvadoran dinner : ) 
is heading to BN to work - yay for free wireless ! 
scratch that - I am working on the couch ... I have wireless and coffee right here . 
mmm panera 
Coffee , Oatmeal , then work ( purposely left uncapitalized ) 
ate too many pancakes and now feels really sick 
said aloha to Mars last night 
had a productive evening but sadly it is not over yet ! 
doesn't think she will be able to handle her workload today without approximately 2.7 pots of coffee . Ugh . 
does not feel like doing anything at all ( despite the fact that there is a lot she should be doing ) 
ate a plantain today 
feels icky in her tummy , but is sure it had nothing to do with the delicious plantain 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > has distractingly large breasts 
is so used to watching television shows on DVR that she is confused and upset when she turns on the ( regular ) TV to find shows already in progress . 
still feels sick but is starting to improve 
is packing to leave for TX in the morning 
is getting out of Wichita 
is incredibly tired 
is getting tired of the plumbing issues at her house but is thankful for the beautiful , cool day ! 
is going to need more coffee to make it through the evening . It's the third time today she has felt that way ... 
good morning , coffee , it's nice to see you too ... 
is getting bullied by allergens 
mmm where's the coffee ... 
is ironing and hanging curtains - hopefully the third time is the charm ! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . 
has reached the end of another long/productive day . Sleep at last . 
is baking , designing , and printing invitations 
is full after a delicious family dinner 
cannot wait for fall ! 
is finally sorting through wedding photos 
is trying to decide if I have enough time tonight in between everything else to try my hand at baking brioche ... 
is shopping for dogs online : ) 
is crafting hair accessories and drinking cocktails with her sister ! 
just went running and is even more sad than she was initially that the lace on her Salomons broke because her backup shoes give the worst blisters e v e r 
is gonna go hot glue some stuph 
just printed out her boarding pass for her 40-day cruise on the ark 
has realized Radiohead does not make for great workout music 
is done with another busy busy day and contemplating what activities she needs and/or wants to add to tomorrow's list 
having tea instead of coffee because her throat is sore from these horrible allergies 
is gearing herself up to go running but is still sore from her Tuesday workout : ( 
adopted a dog today !!!! 
is watching the puppy + football and staying in tonight 
is excited for the ice cream social 
went for her first run with < PROPFIRST > tonight and everything went great aside from her wanting to bolt after some rabbits ... now I am wondering how she will react when she meets my parents ' papillon ... 
is ironic 
slept in and had french toast and coffee for brunch . : ) 
has lost her zest for life today ... she wants to feel zestier before her day off is over ! any suggestion ? 
feels icky 
is in her office writing while the puppy is napping next to her chair and < PROPFIRST > entertains himself in the living room . This is domestic bliss . : ) 
is happy it's finally < PROPFEMALE > outside and hopes the sun sticks around for the rest of the day ! 
thinks she is being a bad doggie mom today - ignoring the dog and doing work ... : ( 
wants to thank her dad < PROPFIRST > Weierich for the * awesome * new ipod and wants to thank her grandparents ( < PROPFEMALE > Weierich ) for the grill ! Great day for gifts : ) 
thinks true love is sharing your handkerchief 
is sick and tired of allergies 
wishes < PROPFIRST > weren't so tired and grumpy 
is drinking coffee and listening to < PROPFIRST > chomp on her bone 
is ( can you guess ??? ) , drinking coffee !! 
is ready to welcome fall ! 
is looking for mattress recommendations . Have one you like ? Let me know ! 
is shopping for fall jackets - this is my favorite time of the year ! 
wants to know why < PROPFIRST > is being so bad today 
is working on her book 
is letting the crisp fall air ( hurray ! ) inspire her writing . The beer doesn't hurt , either . 
' s new couch FINALLY arrived ! hurray ! 
has been keeping the windows open , so when she pours a cup of coffee it gets all steamy in the cool air ; ) 
is thanking < PROPFIRST > for hanging shelves for her by baking him cookies . 
is running errands and staying busy 
is looking for recommendations for a welder in Wichita , KS who will make a few table bases for me- nothing ornate- all straight lines ! 
thinks today might finally be pumpkin-spice latte day 
thinks that although it was too warm for pumpkin-spice lattes , Il Vicino pizza + beer was an excellent substitute 
wishes she were asleep right now 
gave < PROPFIRST > her first bath today - now she has a clean , fluffy doggie ! 
is writing 
is frustrated to have had her sleep interrupted on her day off . 
is scanning old documents - perfect way to \keep\ " something you don't want cluttering your house ! " 
can't believe she and < PROPFIRST > have already been married for seven months ! 
has been enjoying facebook in English ( UK ) for weeks now . 
is babysitting the dog - does someone want to go grocery shopping for me ? 
is excited for < PROPFIRST > to get home with Oktoberfest beer : ) 
is thinking of breaking out the sewing machine tonight - it's been a while ! 
is enjoying the cool weather ( and longing for a cup of coffee ) 
is celebrating Oktober 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Kwan videos on youtube ... those were the days . 
might be getting fired today . : ( 
time for coffee 
is working on her book-writing tonight instead of planning ! 
loves < PROPFIRST > a lot . 
is so happy she skated today ! 
is so sleepy 
is trying to fight off a sinus infection 
hopes < PROPFIRST > hurries up and comes home 
is sometimes overwhelmed with how annoying she finds most people . 
is running , showering , working 
Happy Wedding Day to < PROPFIRST > C . Putnam and < PROPFEMALE > Slade !!! 
is immediately interesting . 
is working ALL DAY . Terrible way to spend a Sunday . 
still working on work stuff ... icky : P 
<3 Peyton Manning 
really misses playing in an orchestra 
is sick and tired of the word \wildcat \"" 
needs to get some writing done this afternoon 
got a rude letter in the mail today , demanding $ 12,000 of my hard-earned dollars . College seemed worth it at the time ... now not so much : P 
mmm coffee 
unfortunately has a front-row seat to the Thriller performance by the elementary school kids next door 
is not getting enough accomplished 
has a few ideas about a few ideas 
is collecting acorns so < PROPMALE > ( our backyard squirrel ) doesn't go hungry this winter . 
can't believe < PROPFIRST > will be waking up to go to work in 3 hours . 
sitting in a warm spot in the sun , drinking coffee , and writing . 
is trying to get energized on this cloudy day . 
< PROPFIRST > just got a bath ... she doesn't seem to appreciate our grooming efforts . 
wrote for a bit and now is headed to bed ... this whole < PROPFIRST > working mornings thing has completely changed my life . 
is very busy this weekend and on the verge of being annoyed . Let's not tip the balance . 
is back in a wonderful mood thanks to her wonderful husband : ) 
just cleaned out the refrigerator , freezer , pantry , and coffee cupboard . Whew ! 
< PROPFIRST > got some sort of tail injury and there are blood spatters all over the walls of every room --- but only at tail height . 
misses having a circle of friends with whom I could discuss literature , < PROPMALE > , music , history , politics , etc . I know you're all off doing wonderful things , but I miss your sparkling conversation and witty , incisive comments ; ) . 
has a pounding headache . It might have something to do with smashing my head into a shelf ( on accident ) . : ( 
is running . ugh . 
is running out of bandaids wrapping her dog's tail . 
is beginning to plan an anniversary trip for February - Puerto < PROPMALE > ? Hawaii ? Anyone have any ideas ? Needs to be relatively close , affordable , English-speaking accessible , and warm . 
is shocked that she is almost ready to go to bed . AT TEN THIRTY PM . WHAT ?! 
it's morning - that means it's coffee time ! 
is still excited that < PROPFIRST > let her play Boggle tonight . : ) 
is sorting her bakeware , pots and pans , dishes , and more ... oh boy ... 
finished organizing the kitchen and is now building an upholstered headboard with < PROPFIRST > - so much for a day off ! : ) 
is sad she has to work every Friday night ( and every Saturday and Sunday ) from now through the holiday season . 
is working . Today . tomorrow . forever . 
hates Halloween and will not be giving your kids any < PROPFEMALE > ! It's all for me ! 
just received a delivery of fresh Panera coffee and bagels . Best husband ever ; ) 
another work weekend over just in time to begin the work week : P 
is doing this whole NaNoWriMo thing - if you are too , add me to your < PROPMALE > list : adewvall 
has a headache and an icky throat : ( 
needs to write 2000 words before bed ... 
is cleaning , writing , running , baking bread , and finishing decorating the bedroom today ! 
sport burger 
is writing tonight ( what a shock ! ) + catching up on TV shows with her husband + possibly baking < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > cookies 
is a busy little writer < PROPFEMALE > but has run out of steam . Heading to bed soon so I can get up and write some more before work ! ( and work is at 8 AM so that should tell you something-probably just that my status tomorrow will be about coffee , but that is something nonetheless ) 
aims to write 5,000 words of the novel tomorrow . Hopefully some of them will combine with the words on either side of them to make sense . 
is making coffee and getting ready to spend the morning writing 
is having INTENSE < PROPFEMALE > cravings . 
is working all day , what a shock . 
finally finished her work and writing until bedtime 
12,100 
loves how recycling has become über trendy - like , instead of saying \Product made from used t-shirts\ " companies say \ " Lovingly crafted from upcycled t-shirts\ " . There's nothing wrong with \ " used\ " - why do we need a fancy new word to embrace the concept ? " 
is looking forward to food and friends over the next couple days 
has houdini for a dog 
is working then writing the rest of the afternoon 
hates cheaters 
21,000 words . bedtime . 
write , work , write , work , write , work from now through Sunday night . 
is so sick of working all weekend every weekend , but knows she she is fortunate to be employed . 
is thankful for the promise of 8 hrs of sleep in a soft bed in a warm house and for the hot cup of coffee waiting tomorrow morning . 
attn : Meteorology People ! I need to know about cloud physics- especially anything \cool\ " . What can you tell me and did any of you study this for your capstone and/or write a thesis on a related topic ? " 
baking chocolate cranberry orange scones and trying to spot snowflakes outside ! 
is a victim of canine violence 
' s head is spinning with book ideas and science fiction nonsense ; ) 
had fun doing word sprints tonight ! 
feels sick and sleepy and doesn't want to go to work . 
thinks it is great that everyone is always so proud to claim they are on the bandwagon . \I like the same thing everyone else does - super hooray for me ! My opinions are validated ! \"" 
36,107 down , 13,893 to go for NaNoWriMo ! 
is sipping a White Russian Italian Soda 
is blindly groping about for some coffee ... 
is getting her hair cut tonight - hallelujah . The only question is what to do with it ... 
has a busy day ahead but is looking forward to doing some more cooking later ! 
is finally watching Lost 
is eating a bowl of the most delicious cranberry walnut oatmeal . 
8,000 words to write before Monday at midnight . 
loves being married 
started her day by cleaning up dog vomit and is now icing her cheek after a head-on collision with < PROPFIRST > - remind her again - why are dogs fun ? 
hopes < PROPFIRST > enjoys her new easywalk harness < eville laugh > 
2,000 words to go - trying to sprint past the finish line before bed tonight ! 
FINISHED NaNoWriMo --- I wrote a 50,154 word novel in 29 days ! 
is getting sick ... maybe this is my body rebelling against writing so much yesterday 
is starting off December feeling icky : ( 
< PROPFIRST > loaned me his handkerchief this morning - if that's not true love , I don't know what is ; ) 
is still in the clutches of a powerful cold and is getting tired of not being able to workout . 
hates work and is dreading tomorrow 
is crossing her fingers for wintry weather this week ! 
is hoping it is snowy when she wakes up ! Those first flakes were so tantalizing ... 
is baking massive batches of cookies , cutting snowflakes , covering things in glitter , and of course , drinking coffee . 
is getting ready to venture out into the tundra , armed with extra coffee to < PROPMALE > off the winter chill . 
just realized it's almost time to get into full-on baby-shower-planning mode ! 
nothing like a little doggie diarrhea to wake me up and ruin my bedroom rug . 
getting ready for a long day of dealing with customers . 
is making a fresh pot of coffee . All for her . 
** My phone took a swim so if you need to reach me , use the internet ** 
loves the sound our heater makes when turning on - it sounds like a spaceship is about to blast off from our basement . 
keeps losing things ... up next : her mind . 
is so tired she can barely keep her eyes open 
is getting really excited to go to San < PROPFIRST > for < PROPMALE > Kimsey and < PROPFEMALE > Friedman's wedding this weekend ! Any San < PROPFIRST > sights that are \can't miss \"?" 
is a snow enthusiast 
is doing laundry , packing , and cleaning the house . 
is going to bed -- we leave bright and early at 6:30 AM for San < PROPFIRST > ! 
is back in Wichita but it will be a while before she is caught up on emails and facebook so hold your horses . 
has a curious nature 
is having a doughnut for breakfast and an apple for lunch - that evens out , right ? 
is having her coffee with a little soy eggnog this morning : ) 
is snowgazing and coffeedrinking 
A warm winter treat : http://tothestarsthroughdifficulty.wordpress.com/2009/12/27/hot-chocolate-on-a-stick/ 
on the agenda today : work , errands , gym , cook dinner , give < PROPFIRST > a flea bath . clean house . boo . 
baked a chocolate torte tonight instead of going to the gym . Somehow that doesn't add up ..... 
went to the express \10 items or fewer\ " < PROPFIRST > at Wal Mart with 4 items today . In front of her was a woman with at least 60 items and an urgent need for cigarettes . IRRITATING . " 
stressed , irritated , and in need of sleep . For tomorrow morning's status update- replace \sleep\ " with \ " coffee \"." 
is very frustrated . 
loves clementines 
is sad most of our snow has already melted 
is 99% positive our allegedly-spayed dog is on her period . Yeah , it's pretty freaking fabulous . 
< PROPFIRST > is a woman : ( - the humane society screwed up and she is not fixed ! keep your fertile male dogs away , people . I ain't raisin ' no babies ... 
thinks people should follow their dreams - but they shouldn't expect much if they don't have a plan to get there . 
is experiencing communication issues . 
is ready to get back to this novelist business . Where are my highlighters ? This book needs some editin ' * bad * . 
really wishes < PROPFIRST > would hurry up and stop being in heat : ( This whole changing doggie underwear business is getting old in a h u r r y . Poor doggie , poor us . 
is cold and ready for snuggles . 
is sewing drapes for my mommy today . Big , green , silk drapes . Now where on earth in my < PROPFEMALE > house will I do all this .... 
sometimes it's all I can do to stop myself from slapping people in the face . Luckily I baked sugar cookies this afternoon so for the moment my hands are full : ) 
slept in , read a book in bed , made pancakes , drank coffee . Excellent beginning to my day . 
is laying out fabric on < PROPFEMALE > Harmon and < PROPFIRST > Harmon's beer pong table . If you leave something at my house , there is a good < PROPMALE > I will make crafts on it ; ) 
is seeking par t-t ime , full-time , or freelance writing and/or graphic design work . Please send me a message if you know of anything ! 
Breastfeeding reduces your chances of getting breast cancer ( and the longer you nurse , the lower your risk ) . It also helps your daughter reducer HER chances of getting breast cancer . So post THIS instead of the color of your bra today ! 
does NOT want to go to work today ... who's really going to be out shopping , anyway ? 
is seeking par t-t ime , full-time , or freelance writing , marketing and/or graphic design work . Please send me a message if you know of anything ! 
wonders if anyone has had good results naming his own price on priceline.com . 
an EXCELLENT date with the husband - dinner , movie and BRAUMS . : D 
is pursuing sincerity , authenticity , and a clean house this morning . 
is finally finished sewing her mom's drapes ! hurrah ! 
has new shoes la la la has new shoes ! wheeee ! 
another day of sewing and projects 
feels like it's time for a fresh start . 
would really rather stay home and make a batch of caramel popcorn , work on sewing things for the nursery , read Steinbeck and drink coffee instead of dealing with customers at Best Buy . sad . 
sewing and watching football while < PROPFIRST > sleeps . 
facebook wants to know what's on my mind . still caramel popcorn ... mmm ... 
had a wonderful foggy walk with < PROPFIRST > this morning . 
is semi-considering getting a PhD ... interestingly enough , in an entirely different area of study ... 
needs a Barnes and < PROPMALE > date in a bad way . 
is taking < PROPFIRST > to get spayed . 
thinks perhaps dealing with struggle and oppression is what inspires greatness . On a human scale , my problems are small , but this does not diminish their intolerability nor the ( future ) < PROPFEMALE > of triumphing over them . 
< PROPFIRST > is home from her surgery , minus 1 uterus . She is drugged up on painkillers but doing as well as can be expected . 
Brahms always seems to make a bad day better . And coffee . Don't forget the coffee . 
is EXCITED to start her new position at work on Monday ! ( Same employer , upgraded job ) 
is looking forward to her day off on Thurs . 
is gonna get a super-quick workout in before going to work . Only because that way I can look forward to coming home from work and drinking a beer . No exercise , no beer . : ( 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? ( Feeling brave ? Copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get . ) 
focus on what you can do , not what you can't . 
working out , then work . Looking forward to lunch date with < PROPFIRST > ; ) 
is glad to be wrapping up her work day . Headed home to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , burritos , LOST , and beer . 
is so tired of dealing with incompetence . 
is thinking of having oatmeal for lunch on this cold day . It warms up my belly : ) 
sewed all night for the nursery - tomorrow will be more of the same + baby shower prep . 
needs new Ds for her batter-powered socks . Cold feet , frozen toes : ( 
wishes < PROPFIRST > were home to have lunch with her . Maybe if I close my eyes and make a wish .... 
mmmm Panera delivery thanks to darling husband 
working on revising and rewriting the novel and then playing in the snow 
looking forward to taking < PROPFIRST > out for a walk in the snow : ) 
crème brûlée coffee to try this morning ; ) 
work followed by more work topped with work - aaand don't forget the double order of work on the side . nothing like jump-starting your work week with a weekend of work ! 
hates the morning 
seriously ? s her new thermos 
lost lost lost lost lost lost lost 
feels blessed to wake up to the sight of beautiful snow falling : ) 
is thankful to be finishing up her workday ... < PROPFIRST > is working on a project for the living room .... 
thinks people don't understand the concept of user-generated content 
is having BREAKFAST FOR DINNER tonight . You know you want some . 
spent all day buying things for < PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower . Feet are tired and wallet is empty ! 
broke her right hand ... some of the fingers wont bend and everything hurts . luckily she still has her left . 
has way too much to do in far too little time . 
hooorrrraaaayy !! I don't have to work today ! That means : baby shower prep , house cleaning , and working out ! 
deserves a snow day 
does not feel so great ... : ( 
doesn't want to eat the soup she brought for lunch . 
is vaguely depressed : ( 
is more specifically depressed 
is finally caught up on LOST , only to become addicted to Mad Men . 
is soooo happy to be at home , at arm's length from her nearest and dearest - < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and the coffeemaker : D 
loves working from home : she took < PROPFIRST > for a walk on her lunch break and the sun was even shining : ) A beautiful winter day ! 
it's finally baby shower day ! Hope < PROPFEMALE > Weierich and the baby in her belly have fun ! : ) 
is ready to get back to \me\ " time ; ) " 
can't believe waking up at 9 AM is now ' sleeping in ' - but it sure felt good ! : ) 
< PROPFIRST > spoils me : ) 
hates having to work on Sundays . Boo . : ( 
watching < PROPFEMALE > Moskvina's pairs always makes me wish I were still skating . 
uuuuggghhhhhhh . I hate the morning . 
HATES work . 
wishes her parents a Happy 25th Anniversary ! 
wishes my cubicle had a door . So tired of uninvited visitors . 
just submitted my first short story for a contest ! even baby steps are worth celebrating ! 
wish I'd worked out today but am having Subway for dinner and settling down for some rest and rejuvenation . 
is so annoyed and frustrated by incompetence , inefficiency , and ineffectuality . 
if/when I get pregnant , I am in serious danger of overloading on milkshakes . That's one craving I control because I know how \bad\ " they are for you ... but I think with a +1 I may just succumb to the creamy goodness ... " 
hello there , My Day Off . You are looking lovely this morning . Care to join me for breakfast ? 
is excited for homemade chicken teriyaki and sake tonight : ) 
is eating papaya for breakfast : ) 
is finally working on sorting wedding photos ... I'll have an album eventually ... 
is depressed the weekend is nearly over . SERIOUSLY depressed . 
is tidying the house and doing laundry to prep for our midweek vacation : ) 
feels awesome after SKATING today !! :) 
OMG . That was insanely beautiful . 
is leaving for Kansas City this afternoon 
is back and missing Boulevard , outdoor skating , < PROPMALE > museums , barbecue for every dinner and bagels for every breakfast . Alas . 
is looking forward to getting off of work soon and running , showering , eating , and socializing . 
is excited today is so beautiful ! 
had a fantastic run with < PROPFIRST > and is now going to work on my book and drink coffee . Enrobed in ecstasy : ) 
is thankful for a wonderful first year of marriage with < PROPFIRST > . Hard to believe it's already been a year ! 
is really sad that she accidentally brought plain yogurt for her morning snack : ( 
has been at work since 7 AM . This feels weird . 
ran extra fast tonight : D 
is focusing on living in the present . 
the problem with healthcare reform is that everyone wants what is best for himself - with little thought to the greater good . My mom is sick or I have allergies or I earn a high enough income I don't care ... 
likes playing with electricity 
got her < PROPFEMALE > band : ) < PROPFIRST > is a good , good husband . 
doesn't want to go to work . uggghhh and by the way meteorologists - this looks like TOTALLY CLOUDY to me , not partly cloudy or whatever you said . 
forecast for tonight : walk < PROPFIRST > , eat grilled catfish , drink delicious beer ... yessssss . 
It's a running kind of morning ! 
organizing the office and drinking beer . This one in fact : http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/1330/55 
feels yucky in her tummy : ( 
banana with peanut butter is the messiest work snack ever 
the baby countdown is on fo realz < PROPFEMALE > Weierich 
< PROPFEMALE > is almost ready to have her baby ! She's been at the hospital since 4 AM and they are about to break her water . I am going to get ready and head up to see her . 
is really really looking forward to her day off tomorrow - and to holding < PROPFEMALE > again ! : ) This is my new hobby . Baby holding . 
hates Sundays . They start the cycle : Every day is progressively more busy until my day off comes again . 
is sleepy and sluggish this morning 
WANTS A DOUGHNUT 
yay for my day off . slept in , made breakfast , drank coffee , drinking more coffee ... nice . 
is trying to think of healthy ideas for lunch ... 
getting a run in before the snow comes 
taxes + car registrations + speeding ticket ( not mine , cough ! ) = financial pain + sadness + immediate need for giant beer 
tried a Russian Imperial Stout tonight . No likey . Too much hops : P . 
a lovely PANERA delivery from a lovely husband to start my workday right ; ) 
wonders why the less spending money she has , the more catalogs she receives in the mail ... 
is writing then will spend evening enjoying television shows and Japan Express . Wonderful to relax after a busy busy work week . 
peanut butter banana oatmeal . yummm . 
getting ready to leave the state for a bit 
needs a long vacation 
is sad that < PROPFIRST > took < PROPFIRST > to the dog park for the first time without her . :'( 
ugh student loans 
is going to ignore the omnipresent Kansas wind and go for a walk , then to the dogpark , then for a run ! Yay for spring : ) 
just broke my phone , so don't bother texting etc . : ( 
had two Schlafly Extra Stout beers for dinner . Leben ist schön . 
hates to be negative , but she is really tired of idiots . Time to retire to hermitville . 
just ordered a GRE prep book ... you woulda thought the LSAT would be enough for me but noooo . 
so in case you didn't get the memo- my phone is broken . Do not call . Do not text . If you need to get ahold of me , contact me via internet or emergency calls to < PROPFIRST>'s phone . if you don't have his number you probably don't have an emergency . 
is frustrated . Trying not to drink coffee is not helping the situation , either ; ) . 
turns out fixing my phone didn't work . Need a whole new one ! That means I am still off the network -- contact me here if ya need me . 
is taking care of a rather difficult patient ... 
sewing pillows 
there's a rumbly in my tumbly .... : ( 
has a phone again - but no < PROPFIRST > , so text your name and digits to : 316-393-7076 
needs your phone < PROPFIRST > ! Text your name to me at 316.393.7076 . Please : ) 
organizing my sewing stuff - and hoping you remember to text your name to 316.393.7076 to help me rebuild my phone address book ! 
was upset about my wireless router biting the dust until I realized I've used it for more than five years . Insane ! Hopefully a new one will bring improved performance : D 
is headed to Botanica to enjoy the beautiful evening 
gigantic f-ing LOSE LOSE 
is pretty sure she has one of the BEST husbands ever . And he deserves hamburgers , pizza , beer , and chocolate chip cookies . And no , he did not write this . 
is excited about pizza + beer tonight . It's been too long since I've eaten at AJs ! 
is excited for an afternoon of babysitting little Miss < PROPFEMALE > and hoping her shirt stays spit-up free ... 
big yawn ! 
coffee + oatmeal . Staples of my waking existence . 
feels the specter of a sinus infection looming 
is heading to Kansas City to attend the annual US Sourcelink Conference . Already looking forward to being back in my own bed ... 
beautiful view of the plaza from my hotel room . had a relaxing night .... to be followed by an obscenely early morning ! goodnight ! 
wants to know where the good coffee is .... please ? 
is back in town 
Congrats to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 1st overall pick in the NFL Draft ! : D 
another oatmeal morning 
is going pallet hunting today . 
pallets found ! mission accomplished . thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
says good morning to the fat < PROPFIRST > sitting under the tree . 
still wishes she had a lot of phone < PROPFIRST > that she lost . Send me yours if you haven't already ! 316.393.7076 . 
dinner = homemade pizza dough topped with marinara sauce , feta + mozzarella cheeses , garlic + < PROPMALE > , caramelized onions , spinach , asparagus , and Canadian bacon ... hurry up ! I'm hungry ... 
invented a new dessert - frozen chocolate pudding topped with vanilla frozen yogurt , topped with coconut rum ... mmmm ... 
is-ugh-working all afternoon ... 
got to give a beautiful baby a bath ! : ) cuteness ! 
has an extremely sore back 
has an immediate need for noise canceling headphones 
thinks < PROPFIRST > is AWESOME - he is building me more stuff !! This time- an industrial chic daybed made out of reclaimed shipping pallets . Can't wait to cuddle on it with < PROPFIRST > - who knows , maybe < PROPFIRST > , too ; ) 
is going to try try try to squeeze in a nice long run before dinner tonight ! I need it - strawberry shortcake is on the menu ! : D 
plucking them strings and fiddlin ' up a storm 
just did my makeup in photobooth for the heck of it ! macnerd ; ) 
oh Walden , my old friend ... 
made a delicious dish in the microwave at work by nuking broccoli , then spinach , and mixing with garlic powder , cheese tortellini , and a bit of grilled tilapia . Not as nice as being at home , but I'm getting better at eating well on the go ! 
wonders who on earth < PROPFIRST > is texting this late at night ... 
was promised sun today 
I dream of a closet filled with a rainbow of cardigans 
had fun crafting tonight : D 
baking snickerdoodles - and making extra for the freezer to bake another day ; ) 
is cheating with waffles lately after a lifelong pancake love . Where in Wichita do you think has the BEST Belgian waffle ? 
MMMmmmmmm it's a \dark and stormy\ " night . " 
finally cleaned out her closet ! 
had a WAFFLE for breakfast . 
knows she is lucky to be employed but really really hates working all week and then working on the weekend too . gotta keep the < PROPFEMALE > up ... 
is jealous that SkyGuard < PROPFIRST > Dewvall is seeing a tornado . \ 
RIGHT . NOW . 
is turning into a tornado-chase widow . 
Thunderstorms make for inspired writing --- inspired editing ? Not sure yet ... Will keep you posted . : P 
is excited for her date with < PROPFIRST > tonight , although she is not sure if one date makes up for 3 days of chasing and 1 day of golf ... ; ) 
packed an AWESOME salad for lunch : spinach , sprouts , cucumber , radish , mango , hummus and < PROPFEMALE > oil - served with a side of sesame bagel ; ) 
wonders why the amount of graduation excitement is so overwhelming this year . No one was excited when I graduated ( including me ) ... 
HATES idiots from Craigslist . I advertised evergreen garlands- a box of 12 , 12-foot faux evergreen Christmas garlands for $5 . Amazing deal , because they cost 8-12$ each new ... had a lady come and was disappointed that they were evergreen . What kind of garlands did she think I meant by that ?! I waited around for her to get here at noon .... ridiculous . They are $5 lady ! You said you would buy them ! Take them ! Now ! Grrr 
writing dialogue is fun , until all the characters begin to sound like I do ... 
wants beer for dinner . 
working on the book before going to work . Not enough hours in the day ... 
feels very blessed to have such a wonderful husband as < PROPFIRST > . 
up late working on websites . Zzzzzzzz .... 
just ordered a vintage map of Jamaica to < PROPFEMALE > above our bar cabinet in the dining room . Fitting since the cabinet is full of rum . 
I want a teepee . I originally wanted a tree house , but a teepee seems like less work , and we can take it with us when we move . I also want to have a summer break so I can < PROPFEMALE > out in my teepee . 
is hanging out in the kitchen with < PROPFIRST > and some randomly giant bug while her husband spends yet another evening chasing . 4 times in 10 days . Yeah . 
finally time for bed to rest up for my one day off this week . I need to seize all of it that I can ! 
is a character , like all characters , who needs to be forced into action ( thanks < PROPMALE > ; ) 
is looking forward to Il Vicino for dinner : ) 
UGH work . 
had an awesome time at mini-golf , enjoyed a wonderful walk with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , and is about to savor a delicious < PROPFEMALE > Extra Stout beer while working on some web design projects . Good night : ) 
\So I guess this means I'm out of the book club . \"" 
“It only ends once . Anything that happens before that is just progress . ” 
in deep depression . Thanks a lot , Lost . 
just bought a RAD couch 
yay Lakers 
rum + diet coke + writing 
more rum + more diet coke + < PROPMALE > Green + writing 
is missing a chapter of her book ... and starting to wonder if she ever wrote it ... or just thought about writing it .... gahhhh . 
today . is . lame . 
tonight is < PROPFEMALE > Spektor + black tea + more writing . 
beware squirrels ! be AWARE squirrels ! Run little squirrels run ! 
invites Mr. Sun to join me by the pool . 
workin ' on the whole dreams --> reality thing . 
searching for inexpensive plane flights to Washington , D.C. 
just returned from a beautiful wedding . The festivities are continuing without us- it's a 3 AM morning for < PROPFIRST > . Congratulations to the lovely < PROPMALE > Griswold and < PROPFEMALE > Schumann !!! 
is sick of other people always thinking they have it worse , their challenge was more difficult , their job is more demanding , etc . Everyone has challenges ! Deal with it ! Yours are no greater than anyone else's - your attitude just sucks ! 
is very tempted by J . Crew's Summer Sale ... some things may just find their way into my closet ... 
is glad I am finally home from work . Now to do a little more work ( writing , ironing ) and head to bed . A beer may help these cogs turn a little more smoothly ... 
photoshoot time ! 
I reaaaally need to stop messing around on the internet and focus on writing . It's nearly bedtime and I have made ZERO progress today . Gah ! 
I finally got into football and NOW THEY ARE RUINING IT FOR ME . 
new dance blades ! : ) 
cleaned all morning . The worst part about working , for me , is not being able to cook and clean and keep things tidy in our little domicile . Now that everything is sparkling , I can relax for the rest of the afternoon . 
is tired * every day * , even the ones where I get a long night of sleep . Why ? : ( 
contemplating a trip to Taos 
It's not even noon and already this day has been way too long . 
has a tHroBBiNG headache . I'm ready to stab these god-forsaken flourescent lights to death with my pen . 
traveled a silver path illuminated by heaven itself 
is working on a new business idea 
loves drinking coffee in the sun : ) 
wonders how many of you feel like your employers don't care about * you * , your situation , your life -- but only what they can get from you ? Employment should be a mutually beneficial partnership that extends beyond the granting and receiving of a paycheck . 
YAAAAY LAKERS : D 
is REALLY upset her potential August travel plans might already have gone down the drain thanks to scheduling conflicts . I'LL give YOU a scheduling conflict . 
It seems like everyone in the world gets off by 5:00 PM on Friday except for me ... I am fairly certain I am the only one left on my floor : P 
working again - this time I'm the boss . Need to read and edit a couple more chapters before bed ... 
is coffee , farmer's market , library ( hope my card still works ... ) , thrifting , brunching , writing annnnddd ...? 
9 AM and it's already in the 80s . Yep , summer is here ... 
mmm pancakes ... 
you know that feeling ? the one that you get when you are doing what you are * supposed to* ? some people say it's your \calling\ " - that thing that combines your passions and your talents in one wonderful package and makes you feel like you belong in the universe ? I have that feeling when I write : ) <3 " 
where is the coffee ??? 
the REAL question is : Waffles v . Pancakes ? 
off to a sleepy start , as per usual 
babies are a lot of work 
is SOAKED after her humid morning jog 
is a replay of yesterday : babies are a lot of work . 
feels tired and sickish . Can I please have another weekend to recover from my weekend ? 
Another fun thing I've done at work : http://ow.ly/24nHX 
very much looking forward to date night with < PROPFIRST > once I finally leave work this evening ! : ) 
Two years ago today , I was still a single lady named < PROPFEMALE > Weierich and I got engaged to < PROPFIRST > Dewvall . It was a good day and saying \yes\ " was one of the best decisions of my life : ) . " 
thinks it's a coffee and waffles kind of morning 
found !!!!! my passport ! 
has pulled pork , roast chicken , and a platter of veggies slow cooking in the oven . Pasta salad is in the refrigerator , couscous is cooling , and my Moroccan tomato sauce is simmering away . Gotta plan ahead -this will feed us for the next three+ days ! : ) 
lovely lovely 3 day weekend . First I can remember since ... --- ??? Thankful . Very thankful . 
working on the book . Who can tell me what it feels like to be struck by lightning - either directly or through a car/close proximity to a struck tree/pole etc .? 
looking at wedding blogs and drinking coffee ... trying to avoid going to the gym now that I know it's open . :P 
it's tiiime to make bagels ! 
bagel dough is rising ... and so is the dough for my barbecue bierocks . Let's hope this is a stroke of genius ... 
is getting lots done and feeling energized and productive in spite of the mental and emotional hurdle that \Mondays\ " present . The ancient battle of personal vs . work rages but today I am coming out on top in both worlds . : ) " 
getting ready for my first figure skating lesson in , oh , four years or so ! 
is happy to be back on the ice : ) 
is mulling things over . 
does anyone know of any races ( foot ) in the Wichita area before August 6 ? I wanted to run a race before my 25th birthday . Probably shoulda done this one sooner ... 
I need to lose weight + power through these edits to finish my book . I can replace food with coffee , right ? Two birds with one stone . 
oh , morning . you fickle friend . 
the back aches and knotted muscles my desk chair gives me are one of the things I despise the most about working at the office . Trying to stretch it out ... 
is really looking forward to traveling soon ! 
is anyone interested in running a 5K with me on Saturday in Derby ? I need someone fast to keep up with because my husband is giving me an excellent prize if I do it in under 28 minutes . : D 
is thrilled to be unexpectedly working from home this morning . Yay for my lovely office , plentiful coffee , nice computer , and friendly dog : ) 
has gotten really into green smoothies this summer . Spinach = yum . 
busy busy day planned but I have a yucky tummy : ( I always feel like a child when my stomach is upset and speak accordingly . 
doesn't feel like doing * anything * today . Lethargy . 
steamy 40 minute run , now it's time to get back to work . Many pages to go before I can rest ! 
is so stressed out : ( 
is excited to run her first 5K race tomorrow morning ! 
tried on some skinny jeans this morning . Unfortunately the jeans do not make you skinny - they are merely for skinny people . 
just crossed the 75,000 word < PROPFIRST > in my children's novel . Kids like to read , right ? ; ) 
trying to get a little writing done before my wonderful husband takes me out for pancakes . It almost takes the sting out of working today . 
is abiding by that age-old American proverb , \A spoonful of sugar is medicine . \"" 
feasting on an upscale cubicle lunch of Panera bagel and homemade caprese salad . 
freaking humid grumble grumble 
looking forward to meeting with advisors today and figuring out my academic future ... Dr. - or dunce ? 
my tummy feels rotten . 
just ordered some green coffee beans to try roasting ... one more experiment off my To Do Before 25 List . 
woke up at 6:45 on a Saturday to work on the book and is somewhat surprised by my own dedication 
giving our sorry little rental-house bathroom an upgrade , via $17 of paint , $8 of paint supplies , and some pizza ( for < PROPFIRST > ) , some beer ( for both of us ) , and some diet coke ( for me ) 
climbing into bed with < PROPFIRST > Pynchon . Hot mama . 
but * I * sell drugs to the community ! 
get your party shoes ready - there are only 186 days until the Kansas Sesquicentennial ! http://ks150.kansas.gov/Pages/default.aspx 
craving a lemon bar 
22 Days ' til Vacation ( take that < PROPFIRST > C . Putnam ) 
22/16 - < PROPFIRST > C . Putnam 
sweaty sweaty run , even at 9 at night ... 
better luck next time 
missed the sunrise by about 3 hrs . Better get up earlier tomorrow . 
bought a truck tonight . Never thought those words would pass my lips ... 
is sooo sleepy . BN for some coffee and hopefully some writing . 
bedtime . 
happy august : ) 
is a warrior 
I love how August feels like you are inside an oven 
just ran 3 < PROPMALE > -- even at 10 PM , 90 degrees feels pretty miserable ... 
oh hello , sunrise ... that's where you've been hiding ... 
I don't \Do\ " dry-cleaning . Except for my fancy < PROPFIRST > wool coat . But I'm trying to figure out another way ... " 
Okay , 6AM-7AM , you were solid . I think we should do this again . I had a great time . Hope you did , too . 
just realized I was supposed to run 3.5 < PROPMALE > yesterday instead of 3 for my training program ... drat . I felt so on top of things . 
tried a new conditioner this morning and cannot stop smelling my hair . Delicious . 
oh Brahms , after all these years you still make me swoon 
tired tired tired ... tomorrow will be the third long day in a row - but after that I get a mini-vacation ! : ) 
3.5 < PROPMALE > down and it's only 7 AM . Smoothie time ! 
mmmmm coffee 
wants cookie dough , french fries , and beer for dinner . I think I'm gonna have to run more than 3 < PROPMALE > a day to even that calorie deficit out .... 
yeah , fine , my velocipede . 
25 years ago today , I was born . 65 years ago today , “The bomb that fell on Hiroshima fell on < PROPFEMALE > too . It fell on no city , no munition plants , no docks . It erased no church , vaporized no public buildings , reduced no man to his atomic elements . But it fell , it fell . \ -Hermann Hagedorn . " 
Yesterday = chicken and waffles , tanning , beverages , Sumo's , roller skating , friends . Today = running , brunch , ice skating , < PROPMALE > museum , flea market , dinner + romance with the husband ; ) . 
dreamt about work this morning , which kind of ruined my last day off of work ... 
excited to spend the day with the fabulous Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
wants some pistachio ice cream 
woke up sick this morning and is glad it is fading ... note : just because you are sick in the morning does not make it morning sickness . 
ugh , there is a herd of alpacas in my stomach ... 
Fill in the blank : Karaoke is for people who ___________ . 
is having a protein shake . After weight lifting . I am a little surprised , but pleased that I am always evolving as a woman ; ) Spicy ! 
mmm peachy 
is tired of people bemoaning how poor they are when they : buy new vehicles , go on multiple vacations each year , eat out frequently , support one or more pets , participate in one or more cost-bearing leisure activities , etc . Not having as much money as you would like does not make you poor . It might ( might ) make you relatively poor , so please , change your vernacular ( and your attitude ) immediately ; ) . 
the barrier between sleep and wakefulness is stubbornly thick today . Stumbling toward the coffee now ... 
we'll discuss it inside . 
Oy . I need a vacation after my vacation to catch up on work and school .... this is going to be a busy semester . : P 
trying a new flavor combo for lunch - peanut butter , avocado , bacon . 
is excited to have started reading my Community Psych textbook last night - learning new things is fun : ) 
adventure beckons 
climbed a mountain , visited 1000 yr old Native American dwellings , communed with a naked hippie , stood in the Rio Grande , and drank margaritas . Guess I'm done with Taos . 
is back in Kansas and back to the grind 
coffee , run , oatmeal - a morning filled with simple pleasures : ) 
is having a pity party : for < PROPFIRST > getting the runaround with car title stuff ( literally ... trekking all over Wichita ) and for herself and her 14 hour work + school day . Buy us a beer ? Or many beers ? < PROPFIRST>'s gonna be at home tonight if you wanna surprise him with an alcoholic libation ; ) 
prepping a pork roast for tomorrow and then FINALLY headed to bed . ' Night all ! 
had a wild dream this morning full of intrigue , book bandits , shape-shifting , and guns . 
< PROPFIRST > almost boarded a return trip to the Kansas Humane Society tonight . Grrr . That dog owes me 3 lbs of pork roast and a clean kitchen . 
Today I'm going to seek an opportunity to be ( extra ) kind to a stranger . What is your goal for the day ? 
reading , reading , more reading . 
busy week ahead . frozen yogurt at the end of the tunnel ... i hope ... 
oh morning ... 
wants to send the internet a big ol ' thank you for making everyone experts on everything . 
halfway through a long , long day . They just keep coming ! 
advocates the WAFFLES FIRST approach for all sleepy children ( young and old ) . Become an advocate in your community ! 
just realized I should be studying at the bar not barnes and < PROPMALE > -- where I could have a delicious beer along with a side of Tennyson 
tried Orange Leaf last night and am so glad self-serve frozen yogurt is finally hitting Wichita . Toppings and flavors galore ; ) . 
zonked 
did a yoga/pilates dvd this morning and feel so energized : ) Something to add to my routine ? 
uugghh 
incensed 
cooking and studying the day away 
venturing into the world of the Brontes . 
is anxious for her jcrew order to arrive ... I'm addicted to cardigans . The first step is admitting I have a problem . The second step is letting it be known that I welcome gifts of cardigans of all colors . My closet is all-inclusive . 
cocktail hour makes the prospect of studying until I pass out tonight a little less bleak : ) 
listing the contents of my basement on Craigslist - is there anything you need ? Curtains , furniture , wedding stuff -- send me a message and I will see what I have ; ) 
I need to use the weight room at the gym this week . This intimidates me : ( 
picked up a few vintage accessories this afternoon to complement my fall wardrobe ... hooray for warm woolen things ; ) 
it's gonna be a long day ... 
what do you think --- are you a legitimate author if you self-publish ? 
busy busy homework < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Sunday is supposed to be a day of rest . Supposed to be . It's not . :P 
why did I decide to go back to school again ? 
another night in with Ms. Bronte . 
has a super awesome husband 
wine + Mad Men 
charting a course for my evening : writing , chili nachos , pumpkin ale , television , sewing , reading - and possibly a detour through a thunderstorm ... 
having kind of a down day - but the weekend is in sight ! 
wants to buy a decent piece of used workout equipment ( treadmill , elliptical , stationery bike ) at a low price . Needs to work - and prefer some sort of variable ( either incline , resistance , or both , depending on the machine ) . Message me if you have something you want to get out of your garage , basement , etc ! 
the eternal Il Vicino struggle - to eat pizza , calzone , or the Il Vicino salad ? 
Apples in Stereo + rewriting 
had a beautiful morning for a run ! 
everybody be havin ' babies 
somehow I am burnt out on my favorite Halloween < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > corn ! ) . What is your seasonal favorite ? 
Representative government is limited by the people whom it represents . If you don't like the decisions of the government , you need to look at your neighbors . Are they idiots ? Then don't be surprised if your representative votes in support of idiocy . 
wants to move down to the seashore so time can slow down , literally . Thanks Einstein , for being a pal . 
and for tonight , a sophisticated pairing of year-old < PROPFEMALE > corn with equally aged cabernet . 
applesauce cake , brownies , and egg strata in the oven . 
tired of the sniffles 
What a trooper ! < PROPFIRST > just ran 7 < PROPMALE > with me . She is tireless when it's cool outside . 
headache : - ( 
zzz tired zzz 
cruising through grammar websites in search of info on correct hyphenation . talk about a wild morning . 
Who is currently a member of the WSU Symphony Orch ? 
I need to talk to someone who is currently a member of the WSU Orchestra ! Please message me ! 
getting ready for a night of Oktoberfest and Bier ! 
ouch , so early ... 
my new scale just told me I have 38 lbs of fat . That grosses me out but is strangely fascinating ( hence the over-sharing ) . It's strange to see it in < PROPFIRST > . 
Managed to log nearly 20 < PROPMALE > of running this week despite crazy work and school schedules . I'm finally starting to feel like \a runner \"" 
who wants to be my pen pal ? 
is it time for my nap ? 
oh so sleepy 
it would be so cool to have twins 
banana nut pamcakies are yummy in my tummy 
keep up the good work < PROPFIRST > B 
watching the football , throwing the football 
I like it on the back of the door 
orders darkness to relinquish its grip on the world . let there be light . 
the day seems really long when you wake up at 5:30 
one midterm down , one to go . 
on a number of missions today . the most crucial of these - whose success or failure may determine my happiness for the next two weeks of testing , writing , working - is also the most delicious . wish me luck . 
Do not be too moral . You may cheat yourself out of much life . Aim above morality . Be not simply good , be good for something . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Thoreau 
i miss newsgroups 
midterm 2 down . 2 tests with 9 essays in 4 days . I'm going to go ice my hand . 
do you know what my favorite thing is ? not working with CUSTOMERS anymore . I hate customers . 
will someone please knit me a gryffindor scarf before the movie ? 
excited to finally attend my first OU game this weekend ! 
' s house is filled with the yeasty aroma of pecan sticky buns baking . 
received my first football injury . I can no longer bend my middle finger . poor finger . poor < PROPFEMALE > . 
wore a jacket to work for the first time this season . chilly morning ! 
begins molding the minds of our youth tomorrow morning . < cue eville laughter > 
< PROPFIRST > bound for some OU football ( finally ! ) and friends : ) 
is frustrated by the smallness of so many minds 
this was a weekend of firsts : my first OU game , my first college football game , my first < PROPMALE>'s pumpkin custard , my first sober taste of Pizza Shuttle , my first time baking ( and eating ) pumpkin chocolate chip cookies ... it was a good weekend : ) 
is a scholar . 
tearing it up on jstor 
I believe I am addicted to coffee . 
my eyeballs are on computer-screen-induced fire , my back aches , my knee hurts , I'm about to drop off to sleep , and I'm not allowed to drink any coffee . Too bad I have 5 more hours of work and 3 more hours of class ahead of me . Wheeee ! 
is trying not to be negative on facebook . :P 
is excited to shop for a new pair of running shoes : D 
another long night of cooking - mussels , pasta with cream sauce , green chickpea curry , pumpkin bread , cookies , fruit salad , couscous salad - oh my . 
and the leaves are on the ground . 
why does shopping on anthropologie.com seem way more interesting than reading research articles ? hmm ? maybe if scholarly journals included photos of brightly hued cardigans i'd be more compelled to study . 
glowing in the gorgeous fall day outside my window - yellows and golds and greens 
must have been running faster than I realized - the front of my shirt looks like a windshield - coated in a fine layer of dead gnats . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed in Hogwarts when it was under siege by the Death Eaters during The Second Wizarding War . The Order brings Unity , but the Death Eaters continue to < PROPMALE > division and hatred . 57ish citizens died in the attack against Hogwarts . Repost to show your support of ... Dumbledore's Army . 
IS GOING TO THE PUMPKIN PATCH . TODAY . 
just once I'd like a kid to come to my house and give ME < PROPFEMALE > when I open the door . And it better be good < PROPFEMALE > or I'm gonna throw dog poop on them . 
sore throat , go away . 
dreamt I participated in a nighttime mountain bicycle race with fellow human - and vampire - competitors , but got tired , rode on a woman's back ( pedaling the air ) , went the wrong way , got disqualified , and then refused to eat the finisher's pizza even though I was hungry , much to the chagrin of my friends , who didn't want to take me somewhere else to eat . 
someone vandalized our pumpkin . i hate children . 
at the 140 character smalltown conference in Hutchinson KS . 
hello November with your mercurial buffet of stony skies and gusty winds and glorious autumnal paradises . today we received the former . perhaps tomorrow we could sample the latter ? 
is beginning to panic - fewer than 3 weeks remain until HP7 and I have nothing to wear ! ! ! ! ! 
if Dems lose seats it's probably because one of their biggest groups of supporters , young people ( 18-29 or whatever ) , are careless and/or busy and/or poorly prepared to vote . C'mon people - if you want to vote , register , find your polling place ahead of time , and make room in your day to make your voice heard . Don't just whine about it after you fail . 
what have you done to exercise your brain today ? writing a semi-clever facebook status doesn't count . 
for some reason five < PROPMALE > felt like fifty this morning . Oof tired legs . 
I'm fairly sure < PROPFIRST > is humming \The Phantom of the Opera\ " as he vacuums ... " 
my feet are in the greatest comfort they have ever known outside a bubble bath . two enthusiastic thumbs up for these Ugg moccasins - perhaps in the case of this brand , the hype is deserved . 
memo to self . Zenni Optical - Eyeglasses , 228115 Plastic Fashion Half-Rim Frame ( Same Appearance as Frame #8281 ) ... 
so . much . snoring . 
really enjoying the pumpkin butter we bought from a local farm . yum : ) 
headed to River City Brewery to drink beer , watch the Steelers , and read about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Keynes . 
I am to frozen yogurt what the Cookie Monster is to cookies . 
the leaves are spectacular today - a blinding swath of < PROPFEMALE > glow 
every package is an easy-open package when you have a knife . 
loves making $ on ebay 
my eyebrows are * sexy * now 
I'm gonna strangle these shrews . In a room where everyone else is silently working , furiously pounding their laptops , consulting mounds of notes and books , their shrill gossip and resounding cackles < PROPFIRST > them for annihilation . If only I had a weapon at my disposal besides a withering glare . 
yay blissful silence ; ) 
just bought a belt for 24 cents . I may not ever wear it , but what a bargain . 
wonders why some people have such frizzy hair . mine would be frizzy too ... if i didn't take care of it . oh wait , i think i answered my question . 
if the Rams win , I get partial credit . I AM wearing my new < PROPMALE > jersey after all . 
well this day is off to a stellar start 
heading to Dodge City 
oh my mortal foe , student loans ... one day i shall vanquish thee . so watch your back . 
fueled by coffee and a belgian waffle , < PROPFEMALE > prepares to dominate her research paper . 
things I could do instead of writing my research paper : make soup , fold laundry , alphabetize my books , invent new cocktails out of rum and zero-calorie mixers , ride my dog around the living room ... what else ? 
Holy crap . The 50,000 word 1st draft I finished a year ago has grown into a 106,000 word 2nd draft . Thank goodness the third draft is dedicated to ruthless editing . Maybe I shouldn't worry - people loved those thick < PROPMALE > Potter books ; ) 
is ceaselessly shocked at the smallness and pettiness of some people's lives . I want more for them - but is that what they want ? 
always feels so much better when she remembers to > - s t r e t c h ! - < 
mmm PIE 
hoping I can con someone into playing Scrabble with me today 
is fed up with people decorating their word's with apostrophe's even when they are simple plural's and not possessive's . 
decorating sugar cookies with < PROPMALE > icing for the first time tonight ... it's fun ! 
I've got The Anchor buttermilk pancakes on my mind ... and soon they will be in my tummy . 
I'm a human , raised by humans . 
< insert melodramatic status update here > 
I'm upset that we are already out of all delicious leftovers . If you are tired of pumpkin , turkey , cranberry , etc . please feel free to drop your extras off at my house . 
is either going nowhere very slowly or going somewhere about 100 times more slowly . 
needs coffee . badly . 
< PROPFEMALE > Simpson can't rap ! 
research , errands , baking , cooking , cleaning , writing , decorating . A day like this has gotta involve coffee somewhere , right ? 
just ran my own little frosty 10K and feel confident confirming that yes , indeed , winter is on its way to Kansas . 
has eaten cookies with/for every meal today thanks to the wonderful ladies who shared their confections last night at the cookie swap ! 
gets approximately 2 hours of evening to herself between work/school and sleep and this is where panic and laziness converge in a high-stakes tug-of-war . 
feels icky . pity party time . 
should really get around to editing wedding photos eventually ... it would be nice to look at a wedding album 
just settling in to work on a paper with a strong mug of coffee . I'm getting too old for this . 
9 pages to go 
8 pages to go 
7 pages to go 
very proud of < PROPFIRST > Dewvall for winning his 3rd ACE award at work ! :D 
6 pages to go 
3 pages to go 
2 pages to go - making a quick trip to the gym on my way home from work and then finishing up tonight ! 
struggling with a really tough decision 
keeps having recurring dreams where I have a pointy , elfin < PROPFEMALE > . What does * that * mean ?! 
tried out Flying Donuts this morning - good , basic raised donuts . No fancy flavors , but the prices were fair and the quality was very nice for what you normally find in Wichita ! 
to run or not to run , that is the question . 
ate an English muffin for breakfast , whereas the hawk dining in her backyard preferred a meal of avian entrails . Nature . 
It's not my fault if you don't understand me when I speak correctly . Pay attention during grammar , kiddos . 
it's just me and you now , Photoshop . 
is an eggnog fiend 
sign at < PROPMALE > and Central : \Divorce Bankrup $35\ " followed by a phone number . What do you think they want ? Money ? Customers ? Spelling lessons ? " 
wishes old people would learn embrace the joy of online shopping , so that these less able drivers don't run me off the road every holiday season in their myopic crawl to the shopping mall . 
skated over my lunch break - hooray ! joyous and infinitely frustrating at the same time . 
has a soy eggnog deficiency quickly reaching dangerous levels . 
walking < PROPFIRST > then PANCAKES at the Anchor ! I give this morning an A . 
might have missed an A by 1 point . Stupid attendance points . Am I wrong to think the A's I earned on research papers , essay exams , and book reviews should count more than my vacant chair on 3 class periods ? : ( boo . 
3x batch biscotti 
today is a day for wearing my < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > jersey : ) 
Kavaguti and Smirnov have come a long way as a team , but would it kill the guy to breathe through his nose ? 
I <3 dancing 
just donated to Writers in Baltimore Schools - supporting literary development and creative writing programs for low-income middle schoolers . 
Another 4.0 semester . Somehow these As taste even sweeter - could it be all the hard work ? 
wishing it were snowing 
while i prepare a turkey to be smoked today , < PROPFIRST > sits on the floor , stares , licks her lips , and thinks - why are you going to all this trouble ? that bird is delicious just the way it is . 
Summoning motivation to lace up my tennis shoes - need to balance a night of smoked turkey , mashed potatoes , stuffing , monkey bread , ice cream and hot fudge sauce , and many cocktails . 
performing our annual migration south 
Anyone know of a Wichita restaurant open serving a great brunch tomorrow since The Anchor doesn't open until noon ? 
It's officially freezy wiggins . 
helped friends move into their first place this afternoon and now it's time for cuddling and sleep . 
I am in a low and bitter mood . 
is warming up to the idea of Fiji 
trying to make each day better than the last 
I'm thinking of having a Kansas Day party ... 
beef stew is in the crockpot smelling delicious . I always make mine with a stout beer - this time , a coffee stout . 
writing a book took me a heck of a lot longer than training for any race - no matter the length - so I am going to go ahead and < PROPFIRST > \marathon\ " off my to-do list . It's all in the perspective . " 
can't help but feel the 24 karat sunrise this morning would have been even more stunning had it not been obscured by billboards , street lamps , and telephone poles . 
let's cover this day in glitter , make every nook and cranny shine . 
oh peyton . 
No , < PROPFIRST > , believe it or not getting woken up at 6 am so I can clean your vomit does not sound like a good time . 
snow is my FAVORITE thing out of all my FAVORITE THINGS . 
Beautiful snowy morning ! Too bad none of the roads in my neighborhood are cleared ... are any roads in Wichita cleared yet ? 
It is blasphemous to have snow in Wichita with no snow day . Thanks for nothing . 
launching a huge project at work tomorrow that I've been working on for months now - it's exciting to see things finally coming to fruition ! 
what would the outcome have been if instead of asking for more gruel , < PROPMALE > had asked for another miracle . Apparently as an adult you need more than one miracle to get work canceled . Please sir , can I have some more ? 
I am growing increasingly interested in trying rock climbing . 
blood alone moves the wheels of history ! 
tired of small talk and small minds 
working on a pitch for a magazine feature so I can begin getting those rejection letters that I hear are crucial to becoming a great writer ; ) 
tried T . J . ' s Burgers last night -the burger and fries were ok , not great , not terrible - but the vanilla malt was excellent . 
hi ho , hi ho it's off to the skating rink I go 
you have not a dook of an idea how to comport yourself public-wise 
got a paper accepted for a conference . now what do i do ? : ? 
had a fun coffee date with my little sister : ) 
grated fresh nutmeg into my coffee grounds . mmm . 
butternut squash risotto for lunch . hurry up little rice-ies and cook ! 
such a headache 
gearing up for some barnes and < PROPMALE > time and hoping the bookstore fairies < PROPMALE > me a table at which to write and sip my coffee . 
excited ( but stressed ) about seriously starting to shop for real estate 
finally got < PROPFIRST > to watch Dr. Zhivago with me last night . Now he \really hates communists \"." 
drinking my lunch - a venti latte , not an alcoholic beverage . 
just put an offer an a house and did a shot of < PROPFEMALE > . you guess the order . 
appreciates squirrels !!! 
planning snacks for the parties next weekend :) 
spent a delightful hour this morning re-reading < PROPFIRST > and the Giant Peach 
the good thing about living in a small house is that cleaning ( most of ) it only takes a few hours . 
being an unpaid novelist is exhausting 
experimenting with healthy , healthful baby teething biscuit recipes . Tonight's pumpkin banana is pretty good , especially considering it has no eggs , fat , and only 1 Tb . added sweetener ! 
tried yoga tonight . finally ! thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Harmon for exhorting me to give it a shot ; ) 
every day seems more exhausting than the last 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > Kwan so much . 
is officially under contract on a house . Whee ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is the key to joy 
Happy Kansas Day ! 
writing day 
Draft 3 , Chapter 1 . Done . Why does re-writing take so much longer than writing ? 
i <3 watching skating in HD 
this whole blizzard thing is kind of ruining our home inspection plans 
even folding whites is fun when I am doing it with < PROPFIRST > :) 
sugar , spice , everything nice 
we've officially started packing . I can hear < PROPFIRST > in the living room taking down the shelves . 
I really want to take < PROPFIRST > outside in the snow but the thermometer keeps changing my mind . Yay snow ! Ack 7 degrees ... 
“Every one of us lives his life just once ; if we are honest , to live once is enough . \ < PROPFEMALE > Garbo " 
loves winter ... except for the whole being cold all the time thing . 
I honestly don't know why people are surprised at Brownback's actions . There has been plenty of time to observe his political stance(s ) and voting record . 
amazing how much faster 30 minutes of dancing feels than 30 minutes of running ( to me ) 
excited for football and fun with friends later . good way to end the weekend ! 
oh morning . you again . 
visions of paint samples have been dancing in my head . 
My husband is a hero : he battled the swamp monster of the sink drain and won . It was a hairy fight but he emerged triumphant in the end . 
homemade biscuits , sausage gravy , and quiche for dinner . 
excited to try Boulevard's Chocolate Ale ... hopefully it's on tap at The Anchor tonight ! 
I wish Panera had catered my wedding . 
with all the errands , cleaning , and other \to-dos\ " I think days off work sometimes have more work than the workdays . " 
coffee + keyboard = novel 
just got a text from my 11-month old niece . It says , \luuuum\ " . Ponder that . " 
nothing like coming home from work at 5 to find your husband still asleep and your house dark . < PROPFEMALE > i'm home ... 
man dreams of walking among the clouds and sometimes , the clouds bend to earth < PROPMALE > our wish . 
just wore shorts on an outdoor run for the first time in 2011 . gotta get some sun on these < PROPFEMALE > legs ! 
still busy congratulating myself on giving my taxes the bidness last night . 
Managed a ( very slow ) 5 mile run this morning . After more than a few winter treadmill runs the ups and downs of the great outdoors feel so tiring but I am glad to be back outside . 
fighting off the spring sickness 
officially has a time set for our house closing ! It's starting to become real , people ! 
previewing the draft beer list at The Anchor and picking something to order at 6:30 to ease my workday frustrations 
it's no Christmas < PROPFEMALE > fantasy of sugar plums , but visions of paint samples , moving boxes , and packing tape are spinning in my head . 
I've been packing up the kitchen for 3 days now and am beginning to think our cabinet doors lead to Narnia as the storage spaces seem strangely cavernous ... 
celebrating two wonderful years of marriage today < warm fuzzies > 
started our third year of marriage by buying a house . Never thought I'd be moving back to my hometown but watch out Derby , the Dewvalls are here ; ) 
arhghhhhhgghhhh . 
it feels like a luxurious privilege to be at work today , sitting down at my desk , after 25 hours of painting and 7 hours of moving in the last 3 days 
body . aches . brain . tired . i'm too old for this moving stuff . 
sleepy . 
What cool shopping is there in El Dorado ? I am headed up there after work tomorrow to pick up a table and want to make the most of the trip . Any vintage stores I should know about ? Good coffee ? 
7 < PROPMALE > to High Park and back on this cold and < PROPFEMALE > day . Just me , < PROPFIRST > , and a whole lotta geese . 
as convenient as many online resources are , a paper dictionary is still the superlative source for word searching , word browsing , and general indulgence and education of the verbal type . 
finally starting to get things put away in the kitchen cupboards . 
some pairings complement each other so well , they seem divinely inspired . e.g. spiced rum and diet coke 
headed to Lowe's for another dozen gallons of paint . Let the fun begin again . 
if cats were made with ' glitter ' fur then I might consider getting one . 
my soundtrack for ( slowly ) painting the basement ? Mahler 1-10 . If my painting outlasts Gustav's musical genius , I shall move on to The Ring Cycle . 
7 symphonies later and there is primer and a first coat on the biggest of the rooms in the basement . One more coat to go . Oh , and then 4 more rooms . Awesome . 
really misses playing in an orchestra . Anyone know if WSU plans on doing a community orchestra this summer ? 
managed 7.5 < PROPMALE > this frigid morning - my longest run in 2011 
writing ... and then - you guessed it - more painting ! 
I bought the domain name yesterday for a new blog ( hooray ! ) but in the meantime I posted a few pictures of our new house in its \before\ " stage in case you want to take a peek ! " 
I've logged 25 hrs of painting in 5 days and knocked out Mahler 1-10 and Beethoven 1-9 . Watch out Brahms- I have you in my sights . 
My 5.5 < PROPMALE > last night were breezy ( as is usual ) and easy ( much more rare ! ) . Looking forward to a weekend of nicer weather for more running ! 
welcome back , iced coffee 
craving a burrito from < PROPMALE>'s . 
came home to tulips greeting me from the front yard . : ) 
Rawr ! Working on a new blog with a very \Ann \"- imal theme ; ) " 
40 hours of painting , countless hours of help from my husband and sister , 22 symphonies , 1 ruined pair of shorts , 3 crying break-downs , 1 6-pack of Ranger IPA , and 1 celebratory burrito later and the basement is painted . 
Dominated my 8.5 mile run this morning , but apparently turnabout is fair play as it is dominating my sore muscles now . 
some days the only thing that keeps my rage managed is < PROPMALE > Marley 
such a busy week ahead ! wish the weekend had been more restful . 
do today's kids still like bugs < PROPFEMALE > ? 
it would be sweet if Wagner had written the score for the < PROPMALE > Potter movies . 
unpacked most of my books last night . it's nice to see their faces smiling at me from the shelves . 
wonderful 5.5 mile run on my lunch break . it's a beautiful spring ! 
today is going to be a full-pot-of-coffee day . i can feel it . 
excited to have our first house guests this weekend ! 
what a weekend ! 
is it possible to find fiddlehead ferns in Wichita ? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and I are two dirty martini girls ! 
Would have been too intimidated by \gross\ " tasks to ever buy a house by myself . Thank goodness < PROPFIRST > Dewvall is replacing our sump pump and cleaning out the associated sludge ( blech ) instead of this girl . " 
sudden and intense craving for oysters 
ready for my < PROPFEMALE > now , please . 
homemade sashimi . :D 
slept in and now feel like my entire weekend is half over . : ( 
6 < PROPMALE > Done ! Time for yard work ... 
Good things about today : Watching an amazing movie ( The < PROPMALE>'s Speech is a must-see ! ) , buying 3 kinds of < PROPFEMALE > , eating 3 kinds of < PROPFEMALE > , spending time with < PROPFIRST > . \ 
\ 
Interesting things about today : FURMINATING < PROPFIRST > , brushing < PROPFIRST>'s teeth for the first time , enduring the confused glares of my sad dog . 
breakfast is on my mind 
my new hobby is furminating . apparently giving boring tasks a fun name makes them both awesome and addictive . 
sick , tired 
thinking of randomly doing ice dance weekend ... even though i have barely skated in months . 
how did i forget how awesome/terrible compulsory dance music is ? 
KC bound 
haven't had decent coffee since Tuesday am . that seems so long ago . 
still recovering from the sting of writing our first mortgage check ... 5 days ago . 
dreaming of lots of sun , lots of wine , and a stack of books ... 
In Abilene and McPherson today . Kansas seems so big when you're driving across it . 
happy it's light enough in the evenings for nice , long runs after work but today's 6 < PROPMALE > in the wind just about killed me . : P 
tried horchata tonight . tasted like a cinnamon cookie - how is that a bad thing ?! : ) 
anyone who defeats a Napoleonic army deserves a party . Happy Cinco De Mayo ; ) 
excited to receive the sea fans I ordered for my next craft project . 
en route to my summer tan via a spring sunburn 
can anyone identify a spider I smashed to bits with a hammer ? It was large , menacing , brown , and had stripey legs . Did I mention menacing ? It menaced me . 
waiting on < PROPFIRST > to wake up for a late brunch of baked french toast with strawberries 
found a picture of the former owners of our house last night . Now I can match faces to all the sticky fingerprints in the childrens ' rooms . 
a minor character just elbowed his way to main character status . this pushy little dude had better be right about deserving the spotlight . 
I could really use a large alcoholic beverage 
Making money and doing good do not have to be mutually exclusive . For-profits , for-purpose . 
wants a d o-o ver on this weekend . Guess the next one is only 5 days away . 
8.5 excruciating < PROPMALE > - but I made it ( and < PROPFIRST > rewarded me with a blueberry doughnut at the \finish line \") : ) " 
congrats to McPherson HS grad < PROPFIRST > Crayton :) 
coffee for breakfast . 
tired all the time , now 
got out my violin tonight for the first time in a year and realized a few things : 1 . my bow needs to be re-haired , 2 . my bridge needs to be realigned , 3 . I need new rosin so badly my sad stringy bow is crying , and 4 . I really miss playing : ) 
trying to figure out how to restore some * joy * to my life - that pure , unqualified happiness and celebration of the moment 
So tell me - where does * your * joy come from ? Where/when/how/why/what makes you feel not just happy or satisfied but JoyFuL ? 
starting work on the laundry room 
tending to my delicious yeasted creations : ) 
just finished priming the laundry room . How are we 3 days behind when I had a 5-day weekend for this project ? 
logged my first early morning workday run . Had hoped it would energize me for the long day ahead but mostly it made me want to go back to bed ; ) 
3 coats on the laundry room walls - now I can finally go to sleep 
last night , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > tried to stab me . I dodged his effort and received a mere scratch . Big mistake , < PROPMALE > , because now you've lost the element of surprise . 
quick run followed by a fun/work combo for the weekend 
worm carnage ! 
Who loves books ? I'm thinking of hosting a book exchange party ! 
10.5 sweat-drenched , sun-soaked < PROPMALE > make my longest run of 2011 . 
productive evening - gave myself a mani pedi and the Mavs win game 5 : ) 
\The price of anything is the amount of life you exchange for it . \ " \ 
our family is about to get an injection of supercuteness . 
being a ( puppy ) parent is exhausting . 
I've decided the problem with maxi-dresses is that they are too ... long . 
riotous laughter . 
Our doggies began making friends with each other yesterday and this morning , I found them sharing a pillow ; ) 
making yogurt 
people be crazy 
running : the agony and the ecstasy 
my weekend lacked fun in the sun . must remedy next weekend . 
stocked up on Boulevard's saison but now worried we did not get enough . 
blessed to have spent the past 4 years of my life with < PROPFIRST > . <3 
why does the pizza/ice cream pairing get neglected in the restaurant world when it works so well with hamburgers ? 
not feeling so hot - better shake this because i have a weekend to enjoy ! : / 
i like fruit salad 
I still have not swam in a pool this summer . This tragedy is reaching Greek proportions . 
after spending 2 hours washing cars , I think I deserve a beer for lunch . don't you ? 
our dirty house needs a bath : ( 
I am the walking dead - this puppy is killing me . 
Posted by < PROPFIRST > Andrews : \bio fun fact : tonsillectomies are no longer performed unless the tonsils are so swollen that the person can't breathe . this is because they have learned that the tonsils are a key part of the lymphatic system and your body's first line of defense against airborne and other incoming pathogens . \"" 
Has anyone used either Ayers Sprinkler Systems or Metro Irrigation for sprinkler maintenance and repair ? Comments ? Reviews ? 
desperately need a sabbatical 
today is watermelon day 
Time to eat some lunch and organize the office ... it's hard to write ( or do anything for that matter ! ) when my surroundings are disorderly . 
cleaning cleaning ... somebody has got to do it ! 
true patriots should salute the capitalist machine that is \America\ " by going to bed early and letting those of us stoking the fires of this voracious economic engine to get some rest . It's just an idea - an alternate way to celebrate . Somehow I doubt this idea is gonna get many takers ; ) " 
anyone shopping for furniture or small appliances ? we're selling a few things so send me a msg if there's something you're looking for ! : ) 
... another day . 
very sad about shuttle program : ( 
this is a mystery Mexican chicken . 
I hate half a watermelon and now my belly hurts . I should have been able to predict this outcome . 
I ate half a watermelon and now my belly hurts . I should have been able to predict this outcome . 
finally finished rewriting Chapter 12 of my novel ( condensed 3 chapters into one , and made it a whole lot better ) . Was going to go to sleep but hate to waste a good writing night ... Chapter 13 it is ? 
By the numbers : 101 degrees outside , 8 < PROPMALE > run , 2 < PROPMALE > walked , 11 hawk attempted attacks , 1 minor panic attack , 2 tired legs 
looking at the forecast for the rest of the week makes me think I need to invest in more sundresses . 
we have a grasshopper infestation . tips on removal ? poison-free methods preferred . 
Deserve a medal after running 5 < PROPMALE > in this ridiculous heat/humidity . Guess I will settle for a slice of Wheat State Pizza - Derby , Kansas 
perhaps the most pernicious aspect of social media and the current incarnation of the internet is the diluting effect it has on the power of words . we are saying more - but it matters less than ever . 
After another Craigslist adventure , < PROPFIRST > has returned home with a bargain pool table . Not much to look at , but I think it will get the job done . Who's up for a game ? 
The hawk has a vendetta . I will soon have a gun . 
going to try to skate today for the first time in approx 7 months . wish me luck , lots and lots of it : ) 
I'm really not interested in participating in this day . 
I wish more small businesses realized how many opportunities they miss when their marketing/communications are sloppy , unprofessional , or just plain absent . Get the word out , do it well , and reap the benefits . 
pets add a lot to your life . like the hour i spent on my hands and knees this afternoon scrubbing the dogs ' dirt , blood , and other stains off the bottom 3 feet of the walls . 
You know you're getting old when the highlight of your Saturday evening is buying his'n'hers electric toothbrushes . 
< PROPFEMALE > Grahams do not taste the way I recall . Did they change the recipe ? 
have run 20 < PROPMALE > in the past 4 days ( 4 , 3.5 , 5 , 7 ) and for this girl , that is a lot . 
tried the new Boulevard Brewing Company Collaboration #2 today . Very crisp , very pleasant , but not mind-blowing . 
spent the grocery money on rum .... yep , it's vacation . 
Got a new chapter 14 written . 5,000 words of pure magic . 
cracking open a paint can ... and hoping the idea of an accent wall in the dining room is a good one . 
well that was a gigantic waste of time 
brunch at Riverside Cafe was a perfect way to end a long weekend . 
My strange addiction is : cardigans ! 
A study in sensory contrasts : The sun-ripened aroma of a week's worth of garbage wafts into my nasal cavities as my eyes take in the brilliant starry panorama above . 
looking forward to vacationing on < PROPMALE > Island in 5 weeks ! 
life shouldn't be a competition to see who is more miserable 
is struck repeatedly by the oppressive realization that workweeks are long and weekends are short 
pretty sure < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > have found the room of requirement - tonight < PROPMALE > stole a spatula I dropped and although he keeps running away and returning with bits of it in his mouth , I have turned every room upside down looking for his stash . No luck . 
there is a ring around the < PROPFEMALE > 
Already counting the minutes until the next weekend . Have to stop living this way ... 
I'm scared ... I think I have an hones t-t o-goodness addiction . To Cinnamon Toast Crunch . I can't stop eating it . Someone , please help . < PROPFIRST > Buckley , you work with addicts , right ? Any tips ? 
this is horrible . 
The best hope I have to contradict the idea that life is not fair , is that it is fair - but in the long , long term . 
project accent wall : complete 
Go to your profile . Look to your left . First 6 friends are your zombie apocalypse team . \ 
Sidekick : < PROPFIRST > Dewvall\ 
Heavy Weapons : < PROPFIRST > Addis\ 
Last survivor : < PROPFIRST > Gagnon\ 
......... Sniper : < PROPFEMALE > Walker\ 
Person who \loses it\ " : < PROPFIRST > Lavin\ 
Prescription for a befuddled mind : 5 mile run under a starry sky . 
this job makes suicide sound like an increasingly viable option . overreacting ? maybe . wishing it were already 5:00 ? yes . 
Slept in past 9 AM for the first time in recent memory , and now my day feels completely topsy turvy . 
trying to squeeze in a brief moment to write a new scene before dinner , drinks , running . Wish my fingers speed ! 
It's 1:30 and I've already baked two loaves of banana bread , made pancake batter , prepped 3 dinners , and cleaned the kitchen . Ready to have a good week . 
Looking forward to trying Zumba tonight with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Lopreste . Hopefully my Latin dance moves don't fail me now ; ) 
kind of tempted to stay out too late drinking half-priced martinis at Mort's tonight in honor of the school semester I am not participating in ... but then again there is that whole job thing . 
writing , writing ! then sleeping , sleeping ! followed far too quickly by working , working ! guess which one of these is better than the others ... 
Which of you , among my FB friends , would consider yourself to own/run your own business ? 
Anything fun going on this Fri/Sat ? 
maybe , if I'm really good ... I'll get a < PROPFEMALE > Spade wallet for Christmas ; ) 
Enjoying a rare work-from-home day . Absolute best part ? < PROPMALE > curled up , napping by my feet . The sunshine streaming in the window is a close second , though . 
Trying to power through this plot rewrite so I can take my version 2 manuscript with me on vacation to edit . This is why I drink so much coffee . 
I'm wandering through a desert . 
\The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person . You know they’re right if you love to be with them all the time . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Child " 
LOST DOG : Our dog < PROPFIRST > didn't come back when < PROPFIRST > let her out tonight . If you live in Derby and see what looks like a lost white lab ( half great pyrenees/half lab ) please call me or post here . She is 75 lbs , white , fluffy , and friendly . She wears an OU collar and it has her name on it and my phone number . 
the themes for this day are thankfulness and relief 
Why does inspiration strike when I am so tired ? 
is afflicted 
dolphins > regular old humans 
Womanist : Committed to survival and wholeness of entire people , male and female - Courtesy of Njeri < PROPFIRST > 
finding southeast kansas to be remarkably scenic : in indepedence . 
sketchy stains on hotel sheets spell insomnia for this gal ... 
What would you think if the NFL started allowing corporations to place logos on game uniforms ? 
Sore Throat Launches Second Offensive With Aid from Mucusy Militants Against Unwilling Host ; Looks to Ruin < PROPFEMALE>'s Weekend 
These allergies are kicking my butt this year . Slept until noon today and still feel like poo . : ( 
snuffles 
I was thinking we'd focus more on the ... Dickensian aspect . Yes , exactly . 
