Knocking out finals then gonna be on break , 3 weeks without a test in sight !!! Time to do some skiing ! 

Beachin ' , Boatin ' , & Catchin ' Fish 
Need a Chiropractor ? How about the best facility for Chiropractic ? Student Intern who is open to seeing patients @ Life University ! Call 770-265-7718 
Rocked Out in Clinic Today ! 
Another week another dollar - oh wait we don't get paid 
As long as I'm not 9th or 12th quarter ... I love OSCE Day ! I'll be out water skiing if you need me . 
midterms 
Determine the widespread bilateral non homegenous density that seems to have started centrally and progressed peripherally associated with dyspnea and fatigue starting about 1 month ago in a smoker ... uh refer for analysis 
\Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% how I react to it . \"" 
Clinic , tests , clinic , tests 
It's Uncle < PROPFIRST > Now ! 
Integrated Diagnosis 
1 Down 14 to go ! I love Finals .................. shoot me 
What just happened ? Oh well down to about 9 more . 
9 Finals down ... 6 more to go , I like it , I love it , I want some more ..... screw it 
Booyah ! 
I am far too forgetful , at times i hate it , and at times .... I love it far too much . 
Birmingham Bound this weekend !!! 
Motivation needs to pick up steam ! 
The 11th round of Midterms is now up ! 
Lets Go Falcons !!! I need something good to happen to salvage this weekend football debacle . 
I'm going to eat leg of a rhinoceros when I get out of here today ... I am starving ! Thank God this Saturday ( though I still have exams to study for ) I don't have anything else to do ! WOOHOO ! 
Congratulations too my two close friends ! You know I'm happy for the both of you ! 
I'm getting back on track ... can somebody point me in the right direction ? 
Have a Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Things you MUST write down : ( 1 ) That which you are thankful for in life ( 2 ) Goals in life that you have 
Is going to do a black out ! 
Gotta a lil clang in my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Finals .... Bring'em on ! 
Thats Right ! I own RESEARCH ! Another one bites the dust 
... and another quarter down 
Signing up for National Boards 
New Year and time to try new things 
Lets get it on !!! aparently on Tuesday and not Monday this week . 
Life was nice and simple only 48 hours ago , now its back to crazy I see ... Oh boy 
screw it 
Reset , Regeared , Renergized 
to mucht to do 
< PROPFEMALE > , oh < PROPFEMALE > , on my mind ... I sing this song of < PROPFEMALE > on my mind . 
Gal 6:9 , 10 - if I forget this most about business , there is no point to the rest of it . 
I am Zumba ! 
I got dat boom boom pow ! Just ask ! 
Looking forward to the finish 
Board Reviews ... well it could be worst ......................... no 
SUPERBOWL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just don't want to even check this time 
LOL ! Look At Me ... I'm the < PROPMALE > of the New York . Look at him ... He's the < PROPMALE > of New York ... Never gonna stop me , never gonna drop me , I'm the < PROPMALE > of New York\ " , 201 0-0 2-11 14:33:06 " 
LOL ! I was just in a a snowball fight !! 
has only one thought on his mind ... 
To < PROPFIRST > from < PROPFEMALE > on My Mind to Sweet Home Alabama . Take care < PROPMALE > . 
Off to board review , quick break for class , then back to board review . Ugh ! 
Has the most thoughtful girlfriend ever ! 
II , III , & PT ...... bring ' em on ! 
Heading to beach with my sweetheart today ! 
Had an awesome week ! Sadly might be the last one of these for a while :( 
Hopped into the clinic , quick ADJ , then waiting to see what happens next . 
Gots the best girl in the world 
Having a great 2 month anniversary with my sweetheart ! 
Board Review ... do I do anything else with my life ? 
has changed his facebook status 
My lil niece got biggum cheeks and a lil red nose 
My girl can cook ! Oh Yeah ! 
And another board down , another board down , another 2 parts to the board bite the dust ! 
I have the most thoughtful wonderful girl in the world ! 
LOL ! My niece < PROPFEMALE > didn't know what to do with the fact that I had her toy in my mouth and was swinging it side to side . She cracks me up . 
Good Bye Boards ! 
Hanging Out ! Got to go on the boat this last weekend ! Back in the swing of things now ! 
Going to the pool with my baby 
Holy Crap ! < PROPFIRST > Graduates on Saturday ! 
Found myself reminiscing today on Facebook ( friends , good times , etc . ) and realized its been a wonderful life . 
Rocked out on the boat today ! 
REBOOTED 
Big Weekend in < PROPFEMALE > with my Sweetheart !.... someone hold my calls . 
I'm on a Boat !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > La Beach ! 
and I pass .... enough said 
Rock on ! Rock on ! ROCK ON !!!! and Happy 4th of July Everyone ! 
I ain't gotta thing until I got my swing 
< PROPFEMALE > is 
Week 4 .. hard to believe only 2 months out 
bring on the week 
I've gone < PROPFIRST > textatorium 
Well its almost over ... Then once again it begins 
Its Getting Close 
She said \Yes \"" 
Can I get a BDAY Holla ! 
So how lucky am I ? Leftover chicken < PROPMALE > pasta and my transcript request form all deliverd by the most thoughtful woman in the world . The luckiest ! 
FIREPROOF ... money well spent 
SURREAL 
Almost Done ... Almost Over 
Happy 7 months sweetheart ! 
Home Stretch 
Graduation ... 
Dr. < PROPFIRST > Early 
Happy for < PROPFEMALE > going back to school ! Way to go baby ! 
What a weekend ! 
My hats off ... Congrats Spurrier and Gamecocks 
alright GCA ... lets get that license in , eh . 
Licensed Chiropractor : CHIR008730 !!!!! 
Paperwork ... OMG paperwork . 
Another day , another form 
NCMIC ... I'm gonna make ' em an offer they cant refuse . 
Anyday now 
I on the island mon ! 
Early chiropractic wellness up and running 
www.medassoc.com 
200 days until June 26th !!! 
200 days until the June 2une 25th 
Been a while since I've been on ! How is everyone ! 
Two days of shoveling snow ... what happened ? This is Atlanta ! 
Workin ' ... man am I workin 
Happy 1 year Anniversary < PROPFEMALE > ! 
