So tired . 

really needs more free time during the week . 
in case anyone is wondering ... today is NOT my birthday :) 
Loves this year's show :D 
really hates being sick :( 
had an AMAZING time at reginals and can't wait for NEW MEXICO !! 
TSO was basicly the most amazing thing i have ever seen , and now off to bed . getting home at midnight was the only bad part :) 
ugh i think i did bad on my audition , i messed up in places i have never messed up in before and i didn't have my good mouthpeice :( aw well at least it's over ... 
Everyone wish @ < PROPFEMALE > a Happy Birthday !!! 
has been practicing 1-3 hours a night for the past week or so and i think it is showing , weird how that works ... 
FINALY got to Florida , after a very very boring 4 hour delay in < PROPMALE > ..... 
SOOOOOOOO excited for tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
even though i was incorrectly placed in the ensembles , this past week was well worth it and i learned A TON , it feels like i just plowed through that wall that was holding me back from getting any better . 
My feet hurt ..... a lot ..... but today was still awesome ! 
Grand Champs at DCMI !!! and now Grand Champs at Pomona !!! I love our show this year . 
I am going to be really sad tomorrow after finals .... and even though i didn't say it in my speech ..... I am going to miss everyone when it's over :( 
I couldn't ask for a better ending to such an amazing three seasons of band .... What an amazing show put together by some amazing people !!!! I can not describe how i felt walking off that field with my closest friends last night ... Thank you everyone and i will truly miss this so much ... p.s. ( State Champs !!!! =D ) 
clarinet is actually not that hard ........ 
Just got a new phone and lost all my contacts so please txt me your number and who your are :) thanks . 719-244-8716 
please stop flooding my news feed with your Superbowl feelings . please ? 
I am planning a trip to D.C. this summer . if anyone's interested in going , talk to me . it'll be fun ! :) 
Ok . I am now officially against having only 3 people on night shift . Not fun .... 
