Your AM is my PM ... the sad reality of working nights ... 

overestimated how much time she would need to get ready for school this morning ... 45 minutes from now I can leave ! 
... I'M RATED PG ?!?!? WTF is that about ? 
7 days until vacation ... 
Will probably be late to work and don't care . ;) 
is randomly adding friends at the speed of light ! I should totally be studying for my final test tomorrow , but since I'll get a B regardless of how I do on this test .... 
has been up for 27 hours ... My eyes feel like someone poured sand into them and my stomach aches like I'm going to vomit . Ew ... I NEED SLEEP !!! But I haven't packed yet ... UGH . 
just discovered games on facebook ... I'm slow to this whole thing , I know . P.S. Going on vacation in a few hours ! WHOO !!! 
I'M BAAAAACK !!! For today anyway , and then we're off again tomorrow . Camping was fun , but I seriously missed my VAMPIRE WARS . ;) 
Leaving in 2 hours for vacation ... again . LOL 
I LOVE VAMPIRE WARS !!! 
feels like she's going to puke ... Little sister was sick yesterday . UGH ! 
I have to work tonight and I didn't sleep today ... I'm thinking that wasn't so smart , and I'm sure I'll agree with myself around 3 am or so . ;) 
has to work again tonight and has only had 3 hours of sleep so far . Not good . Not good at all . 
Guess what I'm doing tonight !?!?!?........................................... Working .................. again . LOL 
is so tired ... she may vomit . Going to bed for real this time . 
just figured out she starts school on Monday . EWWWW !!! 
is still wasted from last night . Is it safe to assume I shouldn't have driven myself home when I had been drinking for 6 hours and then quit for 3 ...? I haven't been to bed since yesterday morning , but in theory I'll get some awesome sleep for work tonight . 
is sick . Must be the stress ... 
needs to update her status , otherwise people might think she's still sick from last Friday ... LOL 
thinks she has a wicked kidney infection ... TMI ? 
is thinking about skipping statistics ... but that wouldn't be good . 
I'm so tired ... my PM is your AM . 
thinks philosophy is wicked boring ... < PROPFEMALE > is the coolest part of that class !!! LOL 
wishes she would wake up ... only to realize she's not sleeping and this is her life . SIGH 
has sent away for her plastic bubble because people around her are getting sick !!! 
is hanging out at the SWIC library with all the 18 year olds ... I'M OLD ! I'M LIKE THE CRYPT KEEPER !!! LOL ... 
just checked RATEMYPROFESSOR . COM for the first time ever and is NOT surprised her philosophy teacher received a chili pepper ... HE'S SMOKING ! LOL 
is off to take her first Statistics test ... followed shortly thereafter by hysterical laughter and then a crying jag . LOL 
is goin to bed finally . Plus , I'm super-psyched that no one is coming to work tonight because of vacations , schedule errors , and the usual weekend call-ins ... Son of a B*@#$ ! lol 
Facebook is having issues ... I think it wants to break up with me . I won't be ignored , Facebook ! LOL 
is in denial about her A&P test tomorrow ... 
is in denial about her stats quiz tomorrow ... 
is sick ... again . If this were Sparta I would have been thrown over the < PROPMALE > a LONG time ago ... I'm so sickly . 
\Laughter is the shock absorber that eases the blows of life . \ " ... so are the funny people funny because they get hit the hardest ? I'm hilarious . LOL " 
When life gives you lemons , make lemonade . Then find someone whom life has given vodka , and have a party . LOL I love TATER SALAD !!! 
is really pissed off right now ... 
has noticed it's been a while since she last drank herself stupid ... What's up with that ? ;) 
SEND ME AN INVITE FOR CAFE WORLD ! I'M OUT ! Thanks ... 
has to work tonight ... EW . 
has a 10 < PROPFEMALE > paper due today . STATS : Hours of sleep in the past 24 hours -- 3 ; Hours until paper is due -- 11 hours , 50 mins . ; Pages written -- 0 !!! 
feels like puking but is too tired to do so . Ew . 
Like I said , if you know the quote on my profile underneath my picture , we'll be friends forever ! ;) I need to go to bed . I work tonight . 
Would you rather be physically exhausted or mentally exhausted ? I'd prefer neither , but I would currently pick mental exhaustion for a nice change of pace . 
\I wonder what Great < PROPMALE > taste like ... \"" 
\He's a little drunk . Get it ? Cuz he's little ... and he's drunk ... \"" 
So yesterday I bought this huge book of pasta recipes from Borders . It was on clearance for $7.99 ( totally reasonable ) and it rang up as $2.97 !!! I appreciate things like that in this economy . 
The damn dog broke her collar and escaped ... * raises can of mandarin oranges * Here's hoping she stays gone ! BYE FOXY !!! 
Considering pimping out Foxy's collar to avoid breakage/escape ... Anyone seen the movie DEAD LOCK with Rutger Hauer and < PROPFEMALE > Rogers ? 
Sleep !!! Sleep !!! Sleep !!! So tired ... 
would sometimes rather be feared than respected , because people deliver results faster if they're scared of you . 
was going to try to post something clever , but is going back to sleep instead . ;) 
\Go drink a bottle of yourself !!! \"" 
Okay , facebook . Enough of your awesome distractions . It's study time !!! 
is cooking on her day off to avoid doing so on days I have school and work . Pretty smart of me . Nothing wrong with leftovers ! Re-heat and eat ! ;) 
is tired . <--------- UNDERSTATEMENT ALERT !!! 
thinks COUNTRY LIFE is way better than Farmville . Play and SEND ME SOME CHICKENS ! ;) 
Another awesome ge t-t ogether at Steph's draws to a close ... Until next time !!! ;) 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!! 
is going to try and get a nap before this BLACK FRIDAY BS that I HAVE to work on my day off ... 
* shakes head sadly * 
hasn't watched the AMITYVILLE HORROR with < PROPFIRST > Reynolds yet ... cuz she's chicken . 
officially going to bed for those keeping track of my habits/whereabouts at all times . Stalker , this means you ! ;) 
wishes Mom would wake up and make her daily breakfast burrito so I can cook my dinner !!! 
is going to watch YEAR ONE with < PROPFIRST > Black and < PROPFIRST > Cera . Looks funny ... 
So ... F*& #ing ... Tired ! 
going to bed for real this time ... MMMMMM Sleep ... a tasty treat . 
is wishing for the impossible ... again ... 
I love my new bumper sticker . I DO LOVE Naps !!! 
So just finished watching AMITYVILLE HORROR ... WTF , my friends who told me this wasn't scary ?!?! I screamed like 4 times into my pillow !!! 
FINALS IN A WEEK !!! AGGGHHHH !!! 
is going to work 8 days in a row ... voluntarily ... I'm thinking day 6 thru 8 it's best not to talk to me ... at all ... or look me in the eye . I'm telling you because I care about our friendship . ;) 
\Are you on something ? ... ... Skittles . I had some skittles . \"" 
2 days down ... 6 more to go . It's not that bad so far !!! LOL 
needs to realize that she is NOT catwoman after watching CATWOMAN with Halle < PROPFIRST > . 
doesn't care about her stupid test !!! 
is ready to move on .... 
Working again tonight , making it night 6 of 8 . I can't wait to sleep peacefully again ... * SIGH * 
is F#$%ING tired of studying and is F#$%ING tired from work and is F#$%ING tired of using symbols to avoid offending people . :) 
I karate-chopped my finals in the face !!!! 
My legs are almost healed ... YAY 
One positive aspect of my job is : I've learned to create a solution when confronted with a problem . Freaking out is not useful to the situation . 
\She's wearing my grandmother's Holocaust ring ! \ " ... ... ... \ " I didn't know they gave out rings at the Holocaust ? \"" 
Took me 30 minutes to figure out the christmas card I received in the mail came from work . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! 
Okay people ... it's been Christmas for over 4 hours ... time to GET UP TO OPEN PRESENTS !!! LOL 
is still sick and wants to call in to work tonight ... 
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWN .... 
smashed my finger at work last night and got my first blood blister . OUCH AND EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW !!! 
OMG I'm OFF until the NEW YEAR ! Whoo !!! 
There a Criminal Intent marathon on TV with \Skinny < PROPFIRST >\" as we call him . I love < PROPFIRST > no matter what he looks like ! LOL " 
Hoping 2010 sucks just a little less than 2009 ... ;) 
loves snow , hates ice . 
MEOW ! 
My trick to avoiding a hangover ? I chug water all day long . I still get drunk without the headache in the morning . It's all about hydration ... unless you weren't planning on drinking and ended up doing so like I did last night . OW MY HEAD ! LOL 
YAAAWN ... 
If I were a SIM character , my energy level would be so low that I would fall down and pass out on the floor ... LOL Going to ATTEMPT sleep again . 
has been up for 20 hours ... that's enough . 
< PROPFEMALE > is mean to me ... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME ! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! ;) 
Today sucks ! At SWIC from 9am to 10pm ... That's too much f% ! &ing school ! 
Only 6 more hours here ... than I can finally go home !!! ;) 
wants a honda cr-v or a nissan rogue ... 
O ..... M ....... G ...... 
thinks it would be beneficial to have a \robot me\ " go to classes and work while I enjoy life ... SIGH . " 
thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > has a creep factor of 10 . 
is SO OVER IT !!! 
thought of something hilarious ! HA HA HA HA HA !!! 
hates the new \simplified\ " home < PROPFEMALE > ... I like having my application bar on the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE >." 
is so exhausted she fears falling asleep at the wheel on the way to school ... 
is happy that she will be home exactly 12 hours from now ... My life sucks . ;) 
thinks IT'S ALWAYS < PROPFEMALE > IN PHILADELPHIA is the greatest show ever ... probably because it's so wrong . ;) 
discovered her tax refund check is going to be bigger than anticipated ... YESSSSSS ! 
Thanks again < PROPFEMALE > for the jump and thanks to < PROPFIRST > for putting cables in your car ! ;) 
5.5 hours until school is over and I get to go home ... Jealous ? 
might be having gallbladder issues ... my stomach hurts !!! 
is OVER IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
The SWIC library is filled with sneezing , sniffling , coughing and other types of germ spreading ... Can I get a bubble please ?!?! 
Oh sleep ... where did you go ?!? I'm pretty sure the 4 hour nap isn't going to hold me over for the next 15 hours . UGH . 
I'm going to be doing a speech on sleep deprivation . How has lack of sleep negatively affected you/your life ? Responses are welcome . Send me a message if you don't want anyone to read it . Need a quote from someone I know . Thanks ! 
< PROPFEMALE > rented NEW < PROPFEMALE > a while back and I was bored ... I finally gave in and watched twilight . We have the first one and I had to watch that before the new one . LOL I think it would have been more enjoyable if I were a tween ... 
doesn't know whether to laugh or cry ... how about screaming uncontrollably ? 
is going on a bender after this semester ends ... I'm mean sloppy , slurring , blackout drunk . But because of school of work I've alienated everyone , and I wonder if I'll have anyone left to go with me ...? 
has to clean up around here for Easter tomorrow ! Whoo ! 
needs a nap ! 
As the day is progressing I'm getting redder and redder . I got sunburnt at EASTER yesterday ! WTF ?!? Guess those 2 hours ( < PROPMALE > ) of sunshine on my pale-works nights-never sees daylight except from the inside-skin got to me . ;) 
Okay ... so it's Spring or whatever but are all the WASPS necessary ? 
does NOT feel well . UGH . 
wants to smash her phone into a jelly !!! 
It's raining it's ASS off !!! Geez . 
Less than a month of school ! Time to buckle down , I guess ... ;) 
\We're doing episode 81 ? \"" 
Oh , the multiple things I SHOULD be doing right now ... SIGH . LOL 
Just trying to keep it together before I lose it ... big time ! 
\AAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH !!! ... Tension breaker . Had to be done . \"" 
If bravery is defined as turning one's midterm in with nothing but a name , date , and \Have a nice summer ! \ " written in bold ... I'm a f%^&ing coward ! " 
Totally finished with the huge paper , totally finished with the slightly smaller paper , and I have 3 hours until class . FACEBOOK GAMES ! LOL 
Two < PROPMALE > events taking place tomorrow that are totally awesome : 1 ) Steph's Birthday and 2 ) Road Trip to Iowa WHOO HOO !!! 
HOME AT LAST ! ;) 
Sorry cute , red-haired guy from Murphy's Pub ... we're too far apart for a long distance relationship to work . 
keeps hearing the thunder ... but where's the rain ? 
is refusing to play MY TRIBE anymore . All of the people are too old to procreate except for the brother and sister . That's sick . 
That's why my friends call me WHISKERS ... 
WOOHOO ! 
I want to watch STEPBROTHERS ! I don't own it though ... BOO ... 
is officially a college graduate ! I received my diploma in the mail . Would have had it sooner but I took a * disguises -- (4 YEAR) -- with cough * break . ;) 
Anyway ... 
DO IT , < PROPMALE > !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I just finished watching CRY BABY . Dibs on Pepper's Nameless Boyfriend !!! 
got emotional watching an old episode of \America's Next Top Model\ " ...? Time to get some sleep ! " 
My throat hurts !!! 
has a cold and ran out of dimetapp ... DISLIKE ! 
Cold has taken up residence in my chest ... like the commercial . 
I'm BACK , B ! ^TCHES !!! Cold is gone and I feel like myself again . No more ( ahem , cold-related ) crabbiness ! ;) 
Venturing out into the sun today with the girls for swimming ! Hoping to get that off-white look that's so hot right now ... 
I haven't fallen asleep yet for my shift tonight . Time will tell if this was a mistake . 
Another awesome ge t-t ogether at KEVONE'S! 
So ... haven't seen < PROPFEMALE > in a while ... I'm an awesome babysitter . LOL 
FLIPPING OUT is on tonight !!! I'm excited . 
Either I'm hearing thunder or a big-ass truck ...? or it's in my head . LOL 
is getting more pissed off by the second ! 
W ... T ... F 
found a giant spider in the tub earlier , so I washed it down the drain . Return hours later to find a giant spider in the tub ... Please tell me it's not the same giant spider !!! I washed it down again and closed the drain . If he/she opens the drain I'm moving . 
Thanks Hulu for the opportunity to watch shows for free that I would otherwise miss . I like COVERT AFFAIRS . ;) 
So I picked up my car ... the new tires ROCK ! I can't believe I was driving on the bald ones for as long as I did . Kinda scary . LOL 
Looking forward to work tonight ... really !... ... ... LOL ! 
Does water go bad ...? 
OREO : Oreo doesn’t always < PROPFEMALE > out with milk , sometimes it visits strawberry . \ 
\ 
ME : OREO gets around ... is that cream in between the cookies normal ? 
WHATEVER 
MEOW 
\NOBODY TALKS TO < PROPFIRST > IDOL THAT WAY ! \"" 
Today was fun ! We should do this again some time ... No , I really mean it , though ! ;) 
\That kid is BACK on the escalator again !!! \"" 
Cold or Allergies ? Time will tell ... 
A playlist with < PROPFEMALE > Keys = best night's sleep ever ! Or it could have been the diphenhydramine ... whatever , the sleep was good ! 
Come on , < PROPFEMALE > Keys sleeping playlist ... work your magic !!! 
I CAN'T SLEEP !!! 
Dear Vodka Jello , If you could hurry up and set so I can enjoy you that would be great . Your Friend , < PROPFEMALE > 
\You mean I'm going to STAY this color ?!?! \"" 
No more coffee !!! Jesus ... I need to sleep . 
I need to get out more or I'm going to end up like Howie on BENCHWARMERS ... 
is awesome . Just sayin ' ... 
Despite the wind , it's like , absolutely gorgeous outside ! WTF ?!? I'm supposed to spend it sleeping ? I think not ... ;) 
Um ... last night was stupid with a capital STUP !!! 
\Something smells funny ... \ " ( BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP ) OMG ! The fish ! " 
actually got a compliment last night !!! WOW !!! 
If there's another HOUSE marathon on today , I'm screwed ! I love that show ... 
Random Fact About Nikki : She passed up a potentially beautiful relationship because he said , and I quote : \I hate Will Ferrell . \"" 
It is nearly impossible to drain a pot of noodles with only one oven mitt ... 
highly recommends TANI for great sushi ! It was so good ... 
is starting to feel sick ... Sorry work peeps , I don't have sick days . I'll try not to cough directly in your face . ;) 
\10 to 1 says that guy has a necklace made of ears ! \"" 
wants to trade life with my sim for awhile . She's < PROPMALE > , owns tons of property and is a successful author . 
is just looking for a nice guy , you know ? One that will hold my hair while I throw up in the bushes ... 
... I've got nothin ' ... 
Glee last night ? We get to see Mr. Shue , Finn , and the new blonde kid ... but NO UNCLE < PROPFIRST > ?!?!? 
is going on a 10 day retreat with my bestie !!! WHOO ! 
COLUMBIA THEFT ALERT ! My dad's truck was stolen last night ! The culprits went through my sister's car and stole her money , debit card , license , and social security card ! Police Officer said 15 other cars have been affected so far ... 
COLUMBIA THEFT UPDATE !!! 35 cars have been reported as broken into so far , and so far my dad's truck was the only one stolen . Poor dad ! 
COLUMBIA THEFT UPDATE !!! Well , they found Dad's truck in E . St. < PROPFIRST > ... TORCHED !!! It's like laugh or cry around here today ... We've been laughing . 
Dear Thieves , \ 
Thank you for causing all the drama today so I couldn't catch a nap before work . I'm sure my co-workers will be silently thanking you when I turn into a raggedy BIA later . \ 
Hoping your cell is cold and your bologna sandwich is dry , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
is finishing packing for the retreat ! See you in 10 days or so facebook friends ! ;) 
is back home ... * half-heartedly * yay ! LOL 
SUSHI !!! With my BESTIE !!! ;) 
highly recommends the the chinese/sushi place across from the o'fallon 15 cinema . So cheap and so delicious !!! 
Commencing food coma in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...! 
I met < PROPMALE > formally for the first time today . I LOVE HER !!! 
is feeling some midnight manicotti ... 
is having trouble thinking of a gift that says , \Thanks for being my best friend for 20+ years . Thanks for the shared laughs and tears . Thanks for listening and offering advice to any and every situation . Thanks for being you ... \"" 
made a recent realization and EWWWWW !!!! 
Steph had a Kumar moment at the sushi place . \Look at that couple ! The guy is reading a book ! \ " So I turn thinking the table is going to be farther than right next to us !!! LOL Freakshow heard everything you said ... " 
I haven't fallen asleep yet ... This sucks . 
has been in a coma since yesterday ... I really should get more sleep during the week . 
spent forever looking for the dude that sings o holy night so awesomely ... apparently forever is 20 minutes . 
\BE EXCELLENT TO EACH OTHER ... \"" 
thinks that because her new slippers are hard on the bottom like shoes , she should be able to wear them out ... Just sayin ' ... 
\We've got no food . We've got no job . Our pets HEADS ARE FALLING OFF !!! \"" 
Going to watch Sorcerer's Apprentice with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Quit changin ' stuff , Facebook !!! 
It's not that hard to understand , Daywalkers ... Your PM is my AM . Would YOU like to be repeatedly woken up at 3 in the morning ? Isn't sleep deprivation used as a form of torture ? Whatever info . you want from me , I would have given it to you by now !!! 
UGH ! Majorly frustrating trying to not vent personal issues on FB ... 
If you play Gourmet Ranch ... ADD ME ! ;) 
Thanks for waking me up , Nightmare ! You douche !!! 
New profile will take some getting used to ... 
Taking a break from wrapping/making gifts ... I feel like a freakin ' elf ! ;) 
Drama Free Since ' 86 ... 
I'M STILL AN AQUARIUS !!! F U , NEW SIGN !!! 
YAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWNNNNNNNNN !!!!!!! 
OMG ! Thanks for all of the birthday wishes !!! ;) 
