any1 in la crescenta need a ride back to SD ? 

sht ... so tired from trip ... oh well gotta enjoy my time while i can . 
please , someone give me advice on how to teach a kid who's afraid to learn english from scratch because it's \too hard \"" 
ellegarden isn't half bad ... 
just beat super < PROPFIRST > in 10 minutes . 
okay , that movie is proof god doesnt exist . no god would ever let that piece of absolute cow diarrhea be made . 
Melting wall . Solvable meaning . Self who can explain . Smoothness of changeable permeability . Transitioning time . Observation life and execution function . A pinky-less hand . Headless eyes . Rolling carpet . Once . Twice . Three times . 777 cages . Burst balloon . 
DAMN YOU JJERRY BUSS !!!! 
okay , calming down . < PROPFIRST > Buss , you better not fuck up the Odom deal . 
Just meditated with a Buddhist Monk on top of a serene Korean mountain with a great view and cool wind . 
look you a-hole . I could give you a thousand fuckin reasons why I don't have a religion , and you still wouldn't take any of them as a legitimate answer . So FUCK YOU ! I . DO . NOT . BELIEVE . IN . GOD . OR ANY GODS . DEAL WITH IT . * apologies to anyone who may be 
I just hiked 5 fucking hours up a mountain and 7 hours down the damn thing . It was exacerbated by the fact that korea just rained like hell during the weekends . AND I HATE THOSE FUCKING MOSQUITOS ! 
An environmental message that's ... SUBTLE !!!!????? THE HELL YOU SAY ? 
the whole point of vodka is to remove the flavor you dumbass ... It should taste like water . 
I can only say one thing after the ice cream shop today . You women be careful when you're standing in front of that Häagen-Dazs , because God damn it , we're watching — and God damn it , we're thinking . 
I admire atheism . I think it takes a lot of faith . 
I'll be unavailable for 4 days . Feel free to bash me while I'm gone . 
Just stayed four days in a buddhist < PROPFEMALE > . My meditation has vastly improved , my legs are killing me , and back feels like it'll break , but the experience was far more gratifying than all that retreat shit that churches usually do . It was ... peaceful . For 
okay . peace time over . back to insanity . With or without religion , you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things . But for good people to do evil things , that takes religion . 
I'm sorry . but peewee < PROPMALE > telling me about drugs ? That is hilarious . Excuse while I die a little inside from laughter . 
Faith is a cop-out . If the only way you can accept an assertion is by faith , then you are conceding that it can’t be taken on its own merits . 
Faith is , at one and the same time , absolutely necessary and altogether impossible . 
hey < PROPMALE > . Ju st played Strip Pool . It's just like it sounds . Every game of Eight-Ball you lose , you take off an article of clothing . Put it this way . PANTS ARE FOR THE WEAK ! 
Yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I will fear no evil , for I am the baddest motherfucker in the valley . 
I made agnostics out of 3 Christians today . I don't know whether to feel ashamed or proud . But in my defense , I was bored . And they were there . And I wanted to see how easily people cave in to nonsensical arguments . Turns out its fairly easy . 
Ever seen a someone lose a 1 kilometer race to a kid with one lung ? Laughin my ass off here XD . 
I just watched Grave of the Fireflies . My eyes have a surprising amount of tears ... 
I find it hilarious that < PROPMALE > Republican figures liberally use the destruction of big liberal cities like NYC or D.C. as a prop for their own personal views while simultaneously proclaiming that \Real Americans\ " only come from small towns . " 
I counted 56 man purses today . Makes me feel a little bit more manly . 
Axis Powers Hetalia has taught me that international diplomacy involves a lot of Yaoi . 
If God lived on Earth , I would break his windows . 
I don't think people aren't meant to be alone . That's why when we find someone we actually care about it's important to let go of the little things . Even if you can't let go all the way . Because nothing sucks more than feeling alone . No matter how many pe 
god i wish i had some drugs to help me understand this PSA ... 
PANTS ARE FOR THE WEAK ! 
Wow it tastes like chicken ! The ass of a chicken ! 
I recommend anyone who feels dissatisfied with life to read Great Teacher Onizuka . 
Oh < PROPFIRST > Beck . You managed to outdouche both Hannity and Dobbs . In a minute and 15 seconds . 
A BIG LIPPED ALIGATOR MOMENT ! 
You ? make me laugh , but only because I think your kinda pathetic . 
Zuul , Motherfuckers ! Zuul ! 
Say what ! Say what again ! I DARE YA ! I DOUBLEDARE YA MOTHAFUCKA ! SAY WHAT ONE MORE GOD DAMN TIME ! Pulp Fiction is awesome . 
I'm not an asshole ! I'm far classier than that ... a class-hole , if you will . 
AIDS STINKS ! - greatest . understatement . ever . FUCK YOU < PROPMALE > TURNER AND CAPTAIN PLANET . 
I'm sick and tired and looking at nostalgia ... it's raping my childhood . 
Anyone who wants presents from Korea talk now or forever hold your peace . 
Alright . 18 hours left for anyone else who wants presents . I have three people down for gifts . Coming back last day of August Sungwoo . 
Utsukushiki ningen no hibi ... 
What does it mean to truly live life ? To leave it without lasting regrets . 
I just realized yesterday I ate a live fucking shrimp . It was delicious , but I wish the legs didn't have to move so much . 
... Ayn Rand is disturbing . 
Remember , if violence isn't solving your problems , you aren't using it enough . 
I watched the hills for the first time today . It took me 30 minutes to realize the blonde who was inexplicably everywhere was actually 3 different people . 
I am an ANTISOCIAL CLIMBER ! 
Going to go for a 15 mile run up and down a mountain on a 30 celsius + day . Hope I don't dirty my shoes too much . 
My . Legs . Won't . Move . 
The < PROPMALE > Brothers suck < PROPMALE > ass . I even showed a bunch of kids a video of them out of the hope of horrifying them and one of the kids asked if the brothers were gay . 
Australia will rape your Christian soul and be left unquenched , sitting there silently ... taunting your soul's now-swollen asshole with its maddening silence- where is your God now ?! 
I read Twilight today . Then I took a shower for a few hours , cried a little on the floor ... Then something else , I don't know . It was a dark time . I think my soul broke . 
if you asked me what the abstract concept cool personified is , i'd point you to the opening of cowboy bebop . That show is fucking awesome . 
God I love the internet , filthy cesspool of weird that it is . 
Tellus dormit et liberi in diem faciunt numquam extinguunt ne expergisci possint Omnia dividit tragedia coram amandum quae Et nocte perpetua ehem ? vel < PROPFEMALE > visione par oram videbo te mane tempu expergiscendi 
< PROPMALE > Hemingway once said that the world is a fine place and worth fighting for . I agree with the second part . 
Sigh ... Correlation does not imply causation people . Basic science . 
I was forced to watch a shaq movie yesterday . \shudder \"" 
Snails , like Jesus , frown on self-love . Its a fact . 
As usual , the fundamentals of < PROPFEMALE > Biology are most elegantly expressed by Spongebob Squarepants . 
The world is not beautiful , therefore it is . 
Turns out LOTS of Koreans in Korea don't go to church . Takes up too much time and detracts from studying . or sleeping . or working . Had some interesting talks today . T'was ... strange . 
People will only take so much shit before coming around and Hulking the fuck up -- that the more oppressed a certain people are , the more likely they are to bounce right the fuck back and hand you your ass in an embarrassingly effortless fashion . 
The absence of evidence is not the evidence of absence ! points to anyone who gets the reference . 
The plastic caps on the ends of shoelaces are called aglets . Their true purpose is sinister . 
I for one welcome our new ant overlords . 
goddamnit Canadians ! its about ! not aboot ! 
... I ate a duck fetus . I don't know why , and I don't know how . But now that I have , I'm no longer afraid of college . Afterall , I just a goddamn baby duck . half-formed . still in the egg . What's worse is that it was delicious with some salt sprinkled on it . 
Eating meat is one of mankind's basic instincts and to ignore that is to deny genetic evolution . SUCK ON THAT VEGANS . 
I responsibly mocked Judaism , Buddhism , Christianity , Islam , Taoism , Hinduism , and Scientology today . I believe in fairness , so I mocked Scientology 80% of the time . 
Karate is shit against Muay Thai , son . A Muay Thai user will smash open your sternum then your head in the few seconds it takes you to get into one of those pussy stances . 
I'm surprised that \DUMBLEDORE COMMANDS YOU BITCHES\ " works in korea so well . " 
Clearly if a substance that enhanced the size of breasts existed , men would've found it out a couple thousand years ago . 
Funny enough , < PROPMALE > stallone's japanese is far easier to understand than his english . 
The appendix is useful ? THE HELL YOU SAY ! 
The times that you really want to cry are the times you have to try your hardest . 
I had to teach the last of my kids today . After much careful diagnosis , I conclude 40% of them suffered from fecal encephalopathy . 20% of them had cranial rectosis . The rest were actually very nice and attentive , and will do well in this f-ed up world . 
Time travel in a Terminator movie is like plumbing in a porno : a very loose excuse to get to the action . Time travel in a Terminator movie is like plumbing in a porno : a very loose excuse to get to the action . 
I now realize that the closer I get to cuter things , the more inane my speech becomes . Especially with kitties . God I love kittens . 
< PROPFIRST > Chick , you fail biology forever . 
I have a ponytail fetish . Free gift from korea for whoever gets this reference first . 
I just realized it , but statistically , a flamboyant tranvestite probably has 5 times more friends than the average human thanks to the 21st century generally discouraging genuine human-to-human interaction . 
I feel so lucky to be in Korea right now , just going out and having fun . GOOD LUCK TO ALL THE PEOPLE IN LA CRESCENTA AND TRY NOT TO GET BURNED TO A CRISP . 
Do you know people are genetically programmed to really hate the cries of babies and children ? It explains a lot . 
If i had to win an award , I want it to be for conspicious gallantry and complete disregard for personal safety . 
one day , I will become the combination of an analyst and a therapist . An Analrapist , if you will . 
Twilight is the most misognystic piece of shitastic writing I have ever read . 
I have come to the conclusion mormons are fucked up after reading twilight . I'm off to go drink . I think I deserve that after reading this pile of pig feces . 
Just hummin the baseline ... props to people who get the reference . comin home on thursday . 
Been back in < PROPFEMALE > for 10 hours . I am now experiencing lag . Nighty night time ... 
Fuck you , < PROPMALE > Cook , fuck you so fucking hard . 
I'm sad that Kiss the Rain is so overused in Korean dramas , because its such a good piece of music . 
The Vatican is against surrogate mothers . Good thing they didn't have that rule when Jesus was born . 
Some say ignorance is bliss . I say bliss is for pussies . 
Oh MST3K , where have you gone ? 
And I think to myself , what a wonderful world ... 
Dolphins are mean little m-therf-ckers . 
there is nothing beautiful about 500,000 dirty hippies gathered in one place . 
If you're ever in < PROPFEMALE > and someone asks if you'd like to try some changaa , do not drink that shit . 
A drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts . 
WE ! DIG ! GIANT ROBOTS ! CHICKS ! DIG ! GIANT ROBOTS ! 
Anyone have a Windows XP cd i can borrow ? I want to dual os my < PROPMALE > ... i'll pay 20 bucks to whoever does . price is subject to change . 
< PROPFEMALE > wa meido moe !!!!! 
I end up paying a maximum of ... about a 1000 dollars for college . This year . sweet . 
If you think I'm are going to poke even gentle fun at a ceremony that invokes a pantheon that contains a multi armed , sword wielding god called Shiva the Destroyer , you over-estimate the size of my balls 
Jenova's works is done . PRAISE HOJO ! if you don't get this reference and your a gamer , I will come to your house and MURDER YOU ! 
No fangirls , just no . You have no idea what yaoi would actually consist of . 
I am sorry , but the bear jew does not \attempt\ " murder . " 
Just moved in . And i'm already scared someone will steal my stuff . 
I need a dead chicken , cod liver oil , and a very depraved walrus . 
Today is always the most enjoyable day . 
Oh , you wacky nazis . 
to all my sd friends , i can cook korean food for you . problem is , no pots , pans , or ingredients . supply those , and i can make whatever you want for you . 
Dying might be unavoidable , but losing your cool is inexcusable . 
Suffer not the unclean to live . 
Lord help me they're playing Journey outside of my dorm . And I cannot help but start wanting to join in . 
The first rule of the internet is , YOU DON'T PISS OFF 4CHAN . 
I don't like a good majority of the universe . In retaliation , a good majority of the universe shows me no mercy . 
OH NO ! IT IS COLD AND SLICEY , THE WORST OF BOTH WORLDS ! 
There is nothing as pure and as cruel as children . 
Oh < PROPMALE > cooper . Your like a big gay puppy in denial . 
If you've got enough time to fantasize about your beautiful death , why don't you live your life beautifully til the end ? 
If you want to get away with a crime < PROPFIRST > free , remember to go so over the top the police feel stupid even writing about them . 
I have balls . Here me roar . 
A bat credit card !!!???? They had the BALLS , TO GIVE ONE OF MY CHILDHOOD IDOLS , A BAT CREDIT CARD !!??? RAPE MY CHILDHOOD WILL YOU !!!??? ILL KILL YOU !!!! ILL KILL ALL OF YOU !!! 
Learning japanese , one little character at a time . 
Oh < PROPFIRST > colbert . You and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > make waking up at 6 in the morning worth it . 
class ended early today . Really early . 
For the last time people . Obama was born in the United States . He is a natural-born citizen . That is not an opinion . It is fact . DEAL WITH IT . 
What kind of lame power is heart anyway ? 
Eureka 7 . The only time rainbows aren't gay . 
fuck it , ill study chem on my own today . 
Republicans , your logic fails on so many levels . Democrats , you SUCK at standing up for yourselves . 
Help me , I am watching The < PROPFEMALE > Bride again for the umpteenth time . And loving it . 
Needles ... In .... BRAAAIIIIINNSSS !!!! 
I vote < PROPFIRST > mercury's mustache the most manly facial hair ever . Long live < PROPFEMALE > . 
Remember . Optimus Prime died for your sins . Accept him as your lord and savior . 
Why would fox ever cancel Arrested Development !!!???? WRRRRRRYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!??? 
The rejected title for Twilight was Vampires Who Love Fat Girls . 
I hope my little sister gets better soon . 
FUCK YOU LIFETIME CHANNEL . 
I've realized that without the nba season , I'm bored as shit at nights . 
Making Chem 6b my bitch . 
Always bring a gun to a sword fight . 
Hitler was a very , very , naughty man . 
Everyone's always in favour of saving Hitler's brain . But when you put it in the body of a Great White shark , ooh , suddenly you've gone too far ! 
< PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > . < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > < PROPFEMALE > ! KAAAALIII < PROPFEMALE > AAAA !!! 
Uwe Boll ist ein Ekeln , nicht inspirierte Kerbe SCHWEINHUND eines Filmmachersund Profimacher der falschen Versprechen !! 
But , but i aborted you . From time . 
Eight out of ten of those people you see would torture the shit out of a puppy if a dude in a lab coat asked them to . Thank you Milgram . 
I'm weary of this gilded world ... it's all glitter , no soul . 
FOOL ! ALL WE DO IN HELL IS PLAY DDR !!! 
HAH ! SUCK IT , TWILIGHT FANS ! 
I'm not too stupid to live ! I'm too stupid to die !! 
Oh please , I never get full . I only get less hungry . 
done rereading 216 pages for the 4th time . i sure as hell better ace that quiz . 
Do you ever get the urge to do something stupid ... and AWESOME ? 
6 wins , 3 losses in 8-ball today . not bad overall . 
give the conservative nutjobs credit . they make a shit load of money pandering to the lowest common denominator . 
Does he !? Look !? Like !? A bitch !? 
God bless the Japanese . For a country that takes a hard stance against drugs , they sure have a lot of network executives on crack . 
a woman's best makeup is her smile . 
THIS ! IS ! SOOOODAAAAA !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Chick can kiss my fat asian ass . 
RULE 34 SHOULDN'T APPLY TO SESAME STREET \goes off to sob in corner\ " . WHY ARE ALL THE SYMBOLS OF MY CHILDHOOD RAPED THUS !!!!??? " 
All hail ??? !!!!!!! 
I just realize my anime habit probably kills more time than any drug possibly could . 
Every man dies . Not every man really lives . 
They did it ! They really did ? it ! Damn you all to hell !! 
Off to the pool tournament . gonna get me some free milkshakes . 
< PROPMALE > Raaamses ! The man in gauze , the man in gauze ! 
I don't want to die tomorrow regretting not eating this apple pie . 
There are no more heroes , forever . 
fangirls terrify me . 
fuck computational linguistics . 
As you know , there are certain flaws with Manos the Hands of Fate . 
i feel like eating some cup ramen . at midnight . 
This world is not beautiful , therefore it is . 
time to reduce my last midterm into proverbial nothing . 
It's called magic , bitch ! Cause I AM A MAN !! 
Every < PROPFEMALE > needs an evil , heartless plutocrat in can blame its problems on . And < PROPMALE > Murdoch is that plutocrat . 
should i really eat < PROPFEMALE > ramen this late at night ? 
I spent 30 minutes staring of a video of a puppy and a kitten trying to get in the same shoe . It was worth it . 
there's a little nazi in all of us just waiting to heil hitler . 
I don't care what people say , The < PROPFEMALE > Bride kicks ass . 
here's some basic math for movie script writers . not funny + not funny = NOT FUCKING FUNNY !!! 
You know , I realize today that I would give up my right to free speech if it means < PROPFIRST > Beck will shut the hell up . 
home for the first time in a month . I require kalbi . 
I'm home for the first time in a month . I need some real korean food or else I'll kill someone . 
back in SD . time to sleep . 
okay , done sleeping ... what next ? 
??? 
a teenage girl is complex only in her simplicity . 
HARRO , EVERY-NYAN !! HOW AH YOU ! FAIN SANKYUU ! 
Dolphins are sex crazed killers . I think its time we recognize that now . 
I have got to find somewhere else besides < PROPMALE > Lecture Hall to < PROPFEMALE > out on tuesdays and thursdays . goddammit christians , you ruined the one time of day I actually kind of liked . 
I will sum up < PROPFIRST > from the Little Mermaid's personality in one phrase . \clears throat\ " . \ " I sold my soul for a vagina and a man I don't know . \"" 
DUMBLEDORE COMMANDS YOU BITCHES ! 
currently nom nom nomming on some cheese fries . i really do love college . 
FALCON BLUFF !!! 
FUCK MIDTERMS ! FUCK IT TO DEATH IN THE EAR ! 
If the world had been divided into three , it would have been Heaven , Hell , and me . 
I feel like carne asada fries today ... who wants to come with me and eat some ? 
Everythings bigger ... IN < PROPFEMALE > !! 
< PROPFIRST > DOBBS QUIT CNN !!! HALE- FUCKIN- LUIAH !!! 
I wish I had a talking coat . 
I miss Siskel and Ebert . Movie critiquing just isn't the same without them . 
SHUT UP AND DRINK YOUR URINE ! 
Oh please . I am far less warm and cuddly than Hitler . 
Don't you every try to bring logic into my world ! I'm < PROPMALE > Lim bitch ! 
I have the urge to do something stupid ... and AWESOME ! 
Frankly , my dear , I don't give a crap . 
There are some people in our lounge who need to SHUT THE HELL UP . 
NEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRD !!! 
whenever im in trouble , i always ask myself- what would christian bale do ? 
Anybody in SD need a ride back to La Crescenta next week ? I don't feel like going back alone with only my dad for company . 
who wants to do eat some carne asada fries tomorrow . otherwise ill be forced to put the leftovers , forget about it , and then throw it away . 
MEIN FUHRER ! I CAN WALK ! 
fare thee well , you angry little gnome . 
??????????. 
Your not American !! Your not even wearing a flag on your head ! 
Kindness can be cruel , sympathy can be torture , and love can be fatal ... or is it ? 
I MUST TASTE BLOOD !!! 
Oh , I hate studying .... 
Anyone want some pollo asada fries today ? I'm feeling generous today . 
You know you're in Japan when you're food moves inside your mouth . 
Need to buy some christmas cards ... but for whom ? 
If I've learned one thing , THE Burger < PROPMALE > always has it his way . always . 
Life may be a bitch . This is true . But she's my bitch . 
thank you 4chan . you have once again given me reason to despise the human race . 
I remember my crossbow phase . It was a confusing time for me . 
If I've learned anything from internet memes , its that bad math proves a point . 
KOBE !! KOBE !! KOBE !! 
heading to cv for lunch tomorrow . should be fun . 
And so the alien invaders were defeated not by guns , bombs , or missiles , but the humblest of all of God's creatures : the Tyrannosaurus < PROPMALE > . 
You know you're watching Final Fantasy XIII when you end up having trouble distinguishing in-game graphics and reality . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS , FELIZ NAVIDAD , AND HAPPY BIRTHDAY JESUS CHRIST ! Now I'm off to go hunt down < PROPFEMALE > . That fat , jolly bastard is going to pay for not cleaning up after the cookies last year ! 
I just realized if you put the phrase \ in bed \ " after a lot of Christian songs and phrases it sounds dirty . Ex : \ " Lord and Master of us All ... In Bed . \"" 
who has gnosh for chem 6c ? whats gonna be on our midterm ? 
Two men look out through the same bars : One sees the mud , and one the stars . 
God this cough sucks total ass !! 
If i really cared about my appearance , I'd dress like a dead man everyday . 
The President has been kidnapped by ninjas . Are you a bad enough dude to rescue the President ? 
huh ... its little sister's birthday today ... guess i better call home . 
does any1 know whether the Senheiser PX 200 II or the Audio Technica FC700A is better ? 
any1 know where i can get some cheap sandals in la jolla ? 
If there's one thing I've learned in my life , its that bad math proves a point . 
??????????????????????????????. 
if i could choose one organization to wipe off the face of the earth , it'd be Equality Now . There are far better organizations that actually deal with inequality in the world than that clusterfuck of feminazis . 
Four elements : there's dj'in , there's breakin , there's graffiti , and then there's the MC . 
\FALCON BLUFF !! \ " \ " I call . \ " \ " FALCON FUCK ! \"" 
Time to go to my genetics midterm ... god i hate this week . 
back in LA for the weekend . any1 up for some bball if there's no rain ? 
I love the whole world , and all its messed up folks : boom de yada , boom de yada , boom de yada , boom de yada ... 
< PROPFIRST > yuna definitely deserved first , < PROPFEMALE > asada did well enough to earn second , but i still say mirai nagasu deserved 3rd . the canadian fucked up . i dun care if her mom died a few days ago , medals shouldn't be given out of pity , you earn that them . 
All life is like spelled out in an alphabet of chemicals , man , two helices spiraling around each other and it's the same way for all the animals and plants and everything . 
If God really does exist , then I'm sure he has a plan for all of us . A painful , painful , plan . 
FUCK YOU FINAAAALSSSS !!!!! FUCK YOU TO HEEEEELLLLLLLLLL !!!! 
why is it that japanese mtv is infinitely better than american mtv ? 
Done with finals . suck it SD . 
home sweet home bitches . 
you know , there are only so many ways to say fuck you to < PROPFIRST > Beck . can anyone help me out ? 
any1 up to do something this week ? i got nothin better to do . 
any1 in la crescenta up for bball ? 
any1 got a psp they're willing to sell cheap ? 
back in ucsd , and kind of liking it . 
i wish i knew someone in SD with a fucking pokewalker . 
Cause I'm a picker , I'm a grinner , I'm a lover and I'm a sinner ... 
And so , the girl and the vampire go on a date ... THAT SOUNDS LIKE THE BEGINNING OF A JOKE DOESN'T IT ! 
Am I seriously watching The < PROPFEMALE > Bride right now ? Fuck it , the movie is still awesome . 
..... WHERE IS STEAM FOR < PROPMALE > VALVE !!???? YOU BASTARDS BETTER NOT HAVE LIED ! 
Currently eating Colbert's Americone dream and loving it . 
what happened when x play used to be funny ? 
holy crap its gonna be 420 soon . well at least im in sd . 
who in SD wants a ride back to la crescenta this friday ? 
I am going to add < PROPMALE > Sparks onto the list of writers I hate . 
How to Train Your Dragon was actually really good ! i give it an A- . 
I'm thinking about it now , and avatar was crap next to how to train your dragon . 
I have come to the conclusion today that roughly 75 % of people who call Obama a communist have no fucking clue what that even means or entails . 
i got a single . sweet . 
i think there was an earthquake while i was asleep . strange . 
rocketing to fame for the most insubstantial of reasons . truly this is the american dream . 
2 down , 1 more to go . 
my sister is watching camp rock 2 . god shoot me . 
Got sad ? Then become AWESOME ! That is the only way to live life . 
faith is for the transient . 
some people call me the space cowboy ... yeah 
Anyone up for watching Tron tomorrow ? 
BLOOD FOR THE BLOOD GOD ! SKULLS FOR THE SKULL THRONE ! 
What is a man ? ( A worthless pile of not < PROPFEMALE >!) 
? ?? ? 
It's 106 < PROPMALE > to Chicago . We've got a full tank of gas , half a pack of cigarettes , it's dark , and we're wearing sunglasses . 
Fighters ready . ENGAGE . 
...................... /´¯/)\ 
...................., /¯ .. /\ 
................... / .... /\ 
............. /´¯/' ... ' /´¯¯`·¸\ 
.......... /'/ ... / .... / ....... /¨¯\\\ 
........ ('( ... ´ ... ´ .... ¯~/' ... ' )\ 
......... \\.................'...../ \ 
.......... '' ... \\ .......... _ . ·´\ 
............ \\ .............. (\ 
.............. \\ ............. \\ ... \ 
\ 
In case anyone ever needs to respond to someone in a clearly pissed off manner . 
\Bodies are for hookers and fat people . \ " - Futurama " 
Been a long road to follow\ 
Been there and gone tomorrow\ 
Without saying goodbye to yesterday\ 
Are the memories I hold still valid ? \ 
Or have the tears deluded them ? 
No , it's not going to stop\ 
So just ... give up . \ 
Dammt I love that song . 
