Happy New Year Everybody ! 

Its been a long week , TGIF ! 
Got a shot today and it hurt like hell 
Today is my oldest baby's 10th birthday , time goes by so fast , it seems like just yesterday we brought her home from the hospital , Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Back to work after a great couple of days , I guess the bright side is it's almost the weekend ! 
Spurs !!!!!! 
Today is a bittersweet day for my family it is the birthday of a person we all loved and lost way too soon , he is in our hearts always . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > , I hope you have a great day ! 
I'm so freaking bored ! I must love my little < PROPFIRST > to sit through this crap ! 
Even though he doesn't use Facebook , I want to put it out there that I am very grateful to have such a special person for a father , and I love him very much . Happy Fathers Day and Happy Birthday ! 
I really don't like my job , but I thank god everyday that I have it , go figure . 
Happy Birthday to my baby girl < PROPFEMALE > , she turns 8 today ! 
Happy Birthday to my youngest brother < PROPMALE > , I hope you have a good day ! 
Is having a very hard week , and its sick of it all ! 
Thank You to everyone who has wished me a happy b-day , it was great ! \ 
I also want to thank my husband and best friend < PROPFIRST > for the best 14 years of my life so far , I pray we continue to have many many more ! 
2 years ago today my little family became complete , Happy 2nd Birthday to my baby < PROPFIRST > and may he have many , many more ! 
pants on the ground 
Im wet 
Baby maker extreme 
Here at work on Sunday , it stinks a little , but it is also pretty cool cause I am one of the only people here , 3:30 can't come soon enough ! 
Simple < PROPFIRST > is back 
Went to see Tangled yesterday with my girls and my mom , and some friends it was a great afternoon , thanks mom ! 
Is feeling very bah humbugish , sometimes I wish I could just skip Christmas entirely ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to my friends & family ! 
To wet for you 
Simple < PROPFIRST > returns again 
To simple for you 
Weter than ever 
Sick and at work , i really need some help to get through this day ! 
Is thinking that life is strange and great , but mostly strange . I am lucky to have a great family and a moslty happy life , but something is missing , but what ? 
At home lying in bed with my two favorite boys , the only thing that would make it better would be my girls and some Thin Mints ! 
This is the boringest , slowest day ever ! 
Happy Valentines Day to all ! 
I hate my job ! 
New phone ! 
Bowling with the family ! 
Very wet 
Everyone im weter thAN ever 
Bored and lonely , I hate weekends ! 
Out & about with my family , it's a wonderful day ! 
