Happy New Years !!!! \ 
Had an awesome night , I'm glad I was able to see some old friends , and found shelter from the crazy storm ! Woke up with tea , eggs , bacon and toast ! =D 

I feel amazing about not just today , but for this exciting new year ! I'm filled with positive energy when looking toward this year and what it might hold , so surprise me Life , but in a good way this time =P 
I was going to put up photos from SF and realized i neglected to get ANY pics from Rush ! What a great time , getting held for drinking a beer just cuz i didnt have my ID til they confirmed my age ... 
Just got a 72 live recording of Ziggy Stardust , fucking unbelievable ... My Death is haunting 
Oh man , Flying Frog Brigade Live is just ... fun , like a less intense Mars Volta first half , and then a little heavier Pink < PROPMALE > 2nd set lol 
I wanna go to bassnectar !!! Anyone know where its at ? is it grand < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
\I was born when you kissed me . I died when you left me . I lived a few weeks while you loved me . Good-bye " 
Oh Man .... every time i think im done with the Mars Volta , they pull me back in ... and i dont mean each new album , but going back to deloused and < PROPFIRST > and realizing/remembering how fucking great they are !!! More TMV and < PROPMALE > this year !!! 
“As soon as you put things in words , no one ever sees the film the same way , And that’s what I hate , you know . Talking — it’s real dangerous . ” 
Couldn't evolution be the answer to how and not the answer to why ? 
Can't wait til this weekend ... craziness 
Daft Punk !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\Things need not have happened to be true . Tales and dreams are the shadow-truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes 
lol so just waiting for this tri-tip to finish and posting Sandman quotes .... 
\It has always been the perogative of children and half-wits to point out that the emperor has no clothes . But the half-wit remains a half-wit 
Bullshit ... every video on youtube that claims Daft Punk Tron Theme is different !!!! God I F'ing hate all these impersonators that lie to me !!!!!!!!!!! 
And all the children go grinding their jaws ..... \ 
Oh how i love you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Mentacide- My brains attacking myself 
Wow what a trip .... The DNA sequence of a chromosome can be the same , but depending on if it came from the mother or father , different sets of genes are silenced , or turned on or off .... 
ya know , ive found that making grilled cheese in the oven instead of the stovetop , is just as effective , faster , and much easier ... oh , and no dishes to clean up afterwards ! 
Man deadmau5 is the shit !!!! Him and Daft Punk are such great performers , not giving a fuck that people know what they look like , adds some mystery and allure to it all .... I mean , who hasn't wondered if they've ever passed Daft Punk before and would never know it ??? I mean , unless they're really robots/cyborgs now , then i guess they'd be pretty noticeable .... 
So , < PROPFIRST > Bond marathon ... I used to watch these every year with my pops , man I forgot how much better the old ones are than the newer ones .... Man with the < PROPFEMALE > Gun and From Russia with Love .... classic 70's movies , cant get enough of em ... love the cameras they used , like when they did Black Dynamite lol 
Licking the ankles of blasphemer guilts\ 
It only meant to drape a plastic\ 
Over the stuck pig scalp of head\ 
To cover the sock where the flatline had spread\ 
The kiosk in my temporal lobe\ 
Is shaped like < PROPFEMALE > Carter\ 
I have only but a million blemishes\ 
To tell you about\ 
In the end they just gagged me\ 
To make him come out 
Yes !!!! I'm so excited , just about to leave to go to < PROPFIRST > and Matts AKA Love and Light and hear sum bumpin tracks!!They're putting the reno scene on the map , and for that , i thank them ... 
Need to bone up on my pool skills .... anyone down to help me get better ??? Cuz I got killed 5 games to 2 ... just sad , and a little pathetic , thinking maybe the table wasn't balaneced right or something ... I'm looking at you < PROPFIRST > 
hats off to Colbert for being able to quote < PROPMALE > Bombadil's son from Tolkien lol\ 
Hilarious 
Cleaning and house and soaking up this absolutely amazing album ! God , music is so good to me :) 
Ugh , I think I mighta made way too much food .... maybe i take a smoke break i can finish these potatoes off 
Mmmmm , i love me some Gushers 
I wanna go meet < PROPFEMALE > today , get ready for Bassnectar , and maybe eat sum raw fish for lunch .... I love raw tuna ! Like steak but not all bloody :O 
Oh man oh man , that was nuts last night ! Ive never seen the GSR in that much beautiful chaos for Bassnectar ! And on a Sunday night no less ..... 
Yes ! new ugly cassanova music coming out 
There can be no final victory over the diseases of the body unless the diseases of the soul are also overcome 
Always gotta take the good with the bad it seems , whys it always gotta be in balance ... \ 
If I got rid of my demons , I'd lose my angels too 
I was born when she kissed me , I died when she left me ... and I lived a few weeks while she loved me 
I just ashed on top of an old cigareete , and now its smoldering and stinking up tho whole room !!! I hate cigarettes and the way they smell ... if only they were aromatic like incense , or pot :) 
We've yet to know what specifically makes for the way people choose to act . We can throw psychiatric labels around here and there or trace crimes all the way back to one's mother's womb . In doing so , we only appease our craving for answers . For every quiet , apparently harmless individual who becomes a criminal , are there not dozens of manifestly crazy people who not only commit no crimes but live very useful lives ? 
Anyone wanna make sum music suggestions ??? Plz , im trying to get sum new stuff playing so whats every one listening to eh ? 
I'm predicting a wonderful Friday , so whats evreyone up to today ??? Anyone have a set of bocche balls ? 
I hate this shitty weather , really puts me in a dark mood ... guess thats ok , since its < PROPMALE > night hehehe :D 
Man , its shity when all you wanna do is have a smoke and theres not ONE match or lighter anywhere ... 7-11 here I come ! 
Happy Birthday NES ! 25 years old already , thx for the memories :O 
Ugh , seem to be visited by my good old friend Insomnia lately ... Oh well , get more stuff done with more time eh ? 
Oooo , new Vibe Squad album comng out ! can't wait ! 
What I've learned is not to change who you are , because eventually you're going to run out of new things to become . 
Damn SF sports teams ! One of the worst teams in football , yet the scrappy underdog baseball team is going to the Series ... maybe I'll have something to cheer about this season after all :) 
What i nice change of pace ! Im looking at a beautifully < PROPFEMALE > Autumn day as oppposed to another storm that turns walkways into lakes ! I think ill go on a walk and listen to some new music 
Sometime life leaves a $100 < PROPMALE > on your dresser and you dont realize unttil later its cuz it fucked you 
\tmrw night ( 11-4-10 ) Pretty Lights and Bassnectar both play in Richmond VA at two different venues . \ 
hmmmm .... get sum wine , have a smoke , and relax cuz its FRIDAY ! What are all the creatures of the night doing this evening ? 
Wow , i cant believe I've never really listened to the Dresden Dolls but I'm really digging them 
Ugh , I desperately need a smoke , but living so far away from anywhere to get sum F'ing sucks !!! Someone . please come save me ! 
I wish that i was born a 1000 yrs ago ; I wished that id sailed all the darkened seas on a great big clipper ship , going from this land here to that , in a sailors suit and cap , away from the big city ; where a man cannot be free Of all the evils in this town , And of himself , and those around ... 
Mmmmm , delicious little concoction , these firecrackers ! And so effective too ! :D 
Hey !!!! Today is World Kindess Day , so do something nice ! 
Glitch Mob and RJD2 at the GSR ??? This better not be someones idea of a joke cuz i can't find a confirmation of it , but if its true .... :O 
So i self-diagnosed myself with SAD ... if you dont know what it is , look it up .... I can't believe this is real either 
Mmmm , just opened a bottle of wine and basted the turkey .... Thanksgiving has really moved up on my list of holidays I love , moving into a 1st place tie with Halloween now ! 
Need to get out tonight , someone should hit me up ... 
It was so nice to get out of Reno for the weekend , and to be productive on top of that ! Glad to be back though , let the new week begin ! 
Just one more week ! Can't wait for next Friday , gonna be such a good day !!! :D 
Only 24 hrs left !!! Going to be so awesome , The Dude and the Punk =D 
stupid Disney getting rid of all traces of the original Tron , $300 on amazon for a used copy !?!? Thank god for piratebay at least , now to revisit the past an hopefully this holds up better than the Garbage pail Kids movie ... 
I just don't know what to do with myself , Well , I don't know what to do with myself ... \ 
I wish i hadn't been woken up , now i cant get back to sleep ... 
LOL seriously contemplating putting sum layers on and go on a lil adventure , ending up at Riverside :) anyone doing anything downtown tonight ? 
I just can't do it , but come tomorrow morning I'm gonna go for a walk and have some fun in this snow =D 
And down therabbit hole we go ..... 
Oh man , last night was insane . I dreamed in shades of neon blue and red all night , and the Dude was my guide =D 
Just checking out the eclipse , thanks for the heads up < PROPFIRST > , and thinking about going and seeing Tron again ... its cheesy and hokey at times , but theres something in there i think that just epitomizes the relationship my dad and i had as a kid :D 
Meh >..< 
: / it's gonna be one of those days 
Sounds like cats howling in this arctic wind 
Other peoples lives seem more interesting , cuz they ain't mine 
There are 3 sides to every story . Your side , my side , and the truth . And no one is lying . Memories shared serve each differently ... 
So , who's NOT going to be in tahoe tomorrow ? 
Meh , sometimes I think it's better to act and not think .... For New Years , carpe diem =D 
I fucking hate people that wanna lie and talk shit ... I'm done with it as of today 
Woot ! \ 
>...< 
I'm so happy with this awesome new decade we're in ! Been having an outpouring of words and thoughts and ideas , it's simply wonderful ... 
Oh yea !!!!! \ 
Got my RJD2 ticket , this is gonna be fucking amazing ! 
Another coach another year .... Now to get a QB , should get < PROPMALE > Young or Mcnabb ... 
Beach Hut Deli needs to stop posting pics of mouthwatering sandwiches , or at least get a night delivery driver ! 
Fuck , Seattle , why'd you have to be decent this week ? 
So , who's down to go and get a drink today , eh ??? 
Getting ready to watch the Aviator , such a beautifully shot movie ... I always forget how many movies I like were directed by Scorscese , just amazing really 
What's going on tonight , doing anything for the game ??? 
6 feet under is absolutely wonderful , got me thinking a funeral home might not be a bad investment =) 
I feel awfully happy in a sad sort of way ... 
Ugh I hurt .... 
WTF !!!!!! I've had the hiccups for like 2 hrs now , I don't think that's good but what do I know ... \ 
Any suggestions , help would be appreciated 
I don't dig you guys anymore , I don't dig your company\ 
=D 
Anyone want to go have a drink and watch the game ? 
I feel like I've been torn into a 1000 pieces and can't figure out who I am or was , so throwing those pieces to the wind and rebuilding Me now .... 
Fuck ! The evening can't get here soon enough ... 
Last night was amazing , who's down to chill veggout and get baked ? =D 
I need to get out today , do something new 
Not gonna lie , kinda excited about some Mushroom Jazz 
Get an early start today , thinking it might be a sangria day ! Tortilla Flats here I come =D 
Yes ! The gods have shown me how great this day shall be ; cleaning up the house , lamenting the lack of a lil < PROPMALE > , when I pick up a Snus container , which I don't do , and lo and behold ! there's a nugg stashed inside ! Fortune favors the cleanly apparently =D 
Let it all drop , just let it all fall off 
Oh god , Primus is simply amazing ! Get back and do another show , guys , please ?!? 
Yay ! That jug of Paisano did me well , not hungover and ready to tackle the day ! :D :D :D 
So , what's some of your favorite albums ? Looking for new music , any and all suggestions appreciated :) 
Saturday night at home .... lame =P 
MVC3 can't get here soon enough ! Just brushing up on my MVC2 skillz who's on xbox live ? Gamertags anyone ??? 
Einstein is trying to work out why < PROPMALE>'s Laws of Motion do not correctly explain the orbit of the planet Mercury\ 
< PROPMALE > Planck : May I ask you a very serious question ? What if God were to say you were mistaken ? If he said \Stop . < PROPMALE > is right\ " ? \ 
This day feels so amazing , this great mood it's it me in shan't go to waste .... Anyone interested in hanging out gimme a call 
Ah , how I love thee PBS . < PROPFEMALE > and Nature in HD are sublime , especially this Birds of Paradise .... They look like mutant alien birds ! >_< 
Hahaha these birds skipped their mating dance , had their way with the females and then flew off\ 
Like the Jersey Shore of birds =D 
Ok , first day of getting away from this sedentary life I've been leading so I think I'll see if I can still shoot hoops ... 
No phone service , meh .. \ 
Anyone want to kick it , smoke a bowl this beautiful morning ? 
Thanks for all the good feelings and wishes , my friends ! =D 
Oh man , the < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Awesome Album is my new best friend ! Hahahaha i havent laughed this hard and long since ... well , its been too long 
