is flying to Manila , Philippines for a few weeks , and will be there until just before the semester starts . I really need to de-stress :) 

To Gianne's relatives : Her flight from Chicago to Buffalo has been delayed several hours and her current flight number is United 502 . You can look up the flight status online at united.com . The weather in Chicago is absolutely HORRIBLE and has been so f 
To Gianne's relatives : She is remaining overnight at O'Hare Airport in Chicago as United Airlines can't seem to get their heads out of their fucking asses and get more flights to Buffalo . She will be going to the United Airlines ticket counter in the mor 
Gian's relatives : I did text her a couple of times asking her to go to the United counter and wait to put her on . A phone call to their reservations < PROPFIRST > reveals that they haven't put her on any new flights for this morning as of yet . I obtained a \p " 
My last resort is to drive there personally and pick her up ... I am prepared to do that , but as it is a 10 hour drive , it is like I said a last resort . I may have no other options but to book her on yet another flight that leaves later that day ... with a 
Gian's relatives : She just called me from the Chicago airport ... she is getting a boarding pass for United flight # 7322 , departing at 10:36 AM Central , arriving @ 1:08 PM Eastern . I will update you as soon as I have more info . 
Gian's relatives : Gian's luggage arrived on the first United flight this morning so I went to the airport and picked it up . Gian is on the previously mentioned flight which was delayed about 20 minutes . Scheduled arrival time is 1:29 PM Eastern . 
To Gian's relatives : Correction to my earlier statement . She was a STANDBY passenger for the previously mentioned flight . She now says she is on a flight that is due to take off at 2:15 PM Central :( 
Gian's relatives : Forget what I said before ... she called me again and said that she was only a STANDBY passenger on that flight . She is now supposedly on a flight that was due to take off at 2:15 Central . The departure is now delayed until 3:15 Central . 
Gian's Relatives : She was on standby for that previous flight I mentioned . She called me about 15 minutes ago . She was not on that flight . She is CONFIRMED for the next flight out , which has already been delayed until 9pm Central . I am keeping close 
Gian's relatives : Everything is good ... I picked Gian up at the airport and we're good now . Take care ... 
watched the fireworks display at the Falls ( not Hyde Park ) , and was pleased overall .... except for the finale , which didn't seem like much of a finale ... anyone else notice this ? 
just got back from the Sugar < PROPFIRST > concert next to the Hard Rock ... 
just got back from camping in the Adirondacks and is looking forward to his HS reunion weekend ! 
starts his next semester at Buff State today and is locked , cocked and ready to freakin ' rock ! 
is just outside of NYC ... will venture into the chaos tomorrow ! In the meantime , however , I nearly hit two kids on skateboards in Nyack . Around 9pm at night , with these stupid idiots riding down the middle of the street with no helmets , and no reflective items . I didn't see them until they split and went around my car . Well , I guess these are the type of kids that probably didn't want to start school next week ... 
is seriously wondering what is wrong with his college today . Three separate buildings I just happened to be today in all had \fire drills\ " and then half the campus lost power this afternoon . Good thing I'm not dorming . " 
picked up Halo 3 : ODST around midnight or so ... and I'm done for now . Still plenty more to go for this game ... 
bought Halo 3 : ODST at just after midnight . Less than 48 hours later , I've beat the Campaign on Heroic and I'm eventually looking forward to beating it on Legendary . And this c o-o p firefight game is awesome . I guess that makes me an addict of this game ... 
Rant PT2 : I am not stalking you , I am not a creeper , and if I ask you how your doing it means I actually give a shit about how your doing and there's no alterior motive . If you actually bothered to have a real conversation with me you'd realize I'm actually a halfway decent guy ! Ok , rant mode off ... 
won Round One in the Halo 3 : ODST Melee in Manhattan Tournament . Round Two is at a Gamestop in Amherst , 9pm Oct 9th . Prepare to drop . Drop dead that is . 
will be starting his teacher observation time at the International Prep school ( PS 198 ) in Buffalo starting tomorrow . Wow , I'm actually getting excited to go observe an English teacher in action . Nice ... 
spent the weekend ( very grudingly ) in Connecticut with his aunt and her family . Despite having fun , I realize I still need to study for my midterms ... when I get back . It's going to be another LONG night ... 
is glad he missed the second half of the Bills game . Did I wake up in an alternate reality after taking a nap at the end of the first half ? 
got October's GI < PROPMALE > money and paid off the rest of this semesters tuition . It's a good thing considering I will be registering for the Spring semester next week . I guess I'm a glutton for educational punishment ... 
Wow ... the semester is over finally ... now what the hell do I do :P Oh yeah , maybe I'll have a drink or two , that might help . Time for celebration ... at least until the end of January :P 
wishes he didn't have to wait until Thursday for this semesters grades to officially post . Unfortunately , I have my grade for exactly 1 out of 5 classes :P I should have no problem maintaining my 3.6 GPA though . 
A pair of A's , a pair of A-'s , and a B+ ... better than I expected . Overall GPA is now sitting at 3.6 , with a < PROPMALE > GPA of 3.85 . Five semesters to go ... 
is wondering , despite his best intentions , why he cannot get even six hours of sleep in a night . I could be very tired and fatigued , go to bed at midnight , and still wake up around 5am or so . Well , things could be worse . 
finally watched Avatar in 3d IMAX last night . Some of that movie definitely resonated with me ... if you haven't seen it , I won't spoil it for you . But it's very likely the best damn movie I've ever seen ! 
was thinking ... there really isn't much I can do in Manila this early in the morning . So , I went running instead . And man , I never realized how much the air in this city would affect my breathing until I got my cardio up . Still , I went running for a solid 30 minutes straight , and my knee is holding up just fine :) I need to do this more often ! 
is going to be going to Subic Bay for a couple of days of diving . The dive place is booked , confirmed , and ready to go ... now I need to catch the bus ! No worries ... there will be pictures ... 
arrived in Olongopo City , Subic Bay yesterday afternoon . Im debating whether to just stay the extra day and do two more dives on Tuesday afternoon ( and come back very early Wednesday AM . Or cut my dives to six and come back Tuesday evening . Many things to consider ;) 
finally got up off his butt and put in the paperwork for the state HESC money for veterans . Now I can only hope that this paperwork gets processed relatively quickly , so I can plan appropriately :) 
Did anyone else notice the shameless plug of the CSI shows during the halftime show ? Nice gimmick , CBS ... NOT ! 
got the red ring of death on his XBOX 360 ... 3 red lights , not 4 though . And this is on the Halo 3 edition of the 360 . These weren't supposed to have RROD problems :P The good thing is , this repair is 100% covered under warranty and even shipping is free . Bad news : Turnaround time is 14-21 days . No more random cursing at people or teabaggings on XBOX live during this time :P 
Playing the Halo : Reach beta ... anyone care to join me ? 
My grades for the Spring 10 term were just released today . Out-****ing standing ! Three A's , an A- , and a P ( in a pass/fail for my music GenEd ) . Overall GPA is now 3.66 . Fall semester will be the most challenging yet ... 
I swear ... they really need to finish fixing that span of the Grand Island Bridge . It's bad enough that they've been working on it for months and have the closures at night . But to have it closed during RUSH hour like they did this morning ? Grrrr .... 
went to a very good family Halloween party run by his org , the Non-Traditional Students Organization at Buffalo State College . We had a lot of children show up ... lots of < PROPFEMALE > , pizza and wings to keep the kids occupied and probably awake for the rest of the day . 
The Kinect certainly takes a hell of a lot out of a person ... looking forward to tiring myself out with it tomorrow , too . 
Yesterday , while in Canada on her way to pick up my Aunt < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > prior to a Thanksgiving trip , my mother , < PROPFEMALE > L Wright , was involved in a severe car accident , in which her car rolled several times . She's currently in the hospital in London , Ontario . Please pray with us this Thanksgiving day as the Wright family and our relatives and friends wish her a swift recovery . 
Accident Follow-up : My mother made it successfully via ambulance from London , ON to ECMC so that she can be closer to us for her surgery(ies ) and her follow-up care from her car accident . My dad and I cleaned out her car earlier today and removed the plates ; my aunts < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > Powe are there right now . She's resting comfortably , and I'm buying flowers tomorrow morning before I go see her . 
Hospital update : My mother < PROPFEMALE > L Wright is still at ECMC following her car accident last Wednesday near London , Ontario . The good news is that they feel her upper spinal injuries will heal without surgery . The bad news is that her left shoulder may need to be replaced . As per her request , she only wants family members to visit her at this time . Your continued well-wishes and prayers are definitely appreciated . 
Ahh , the snow . What a beautiful way to ring in December ... NOT . Nice to look at out the window , but not fun to drive in . 
Wow ! Yes , I am officially 30 years old today ... thank you to all of the people who have sent their birthday wishes , it is appreciated . Now , as a thank you from Buffalo State College , I have two finals today . 
Final recap of Fall 10 Semester : 3 A's , 2 A-'s , and 1 B- . Overall GPA is holding at 3.66 . Bring it on , Spring 10 Semester ! 
So , what does one do with an extended daytime layover in Guam ? Rent a car and drive myself silly around this island . Fun times :) 
Back in Manila after a long adventurous weekend in Tagaytay and Mindoro with Krissa Maano . It was nice to see literally dozens of New Years fireworks displays across the southern part of Luzon from a vantage point overlooking Taal Lake & volcano :) Pictures will be posted later today ... 
Had a Kinect party with several friends last night , as well as a great weekend with the beautiful Krissa Maano . It's too bad I have to go back home this weekend and prepare for another stressful semester . Just a few more semesters left :) 
