Went to the skate park in jonesboro this morning . Just got back from the golf course . Possible the best ive ever played . Gettin pretty good . 

Last day in jonesboro . Planning on going to everysingle asu game this year . Had a great time skating and golfing . Might even try out for the team . 
I love the beatles version of rockband , the guitars look so real . and its the beatles !!! pretty sweet 
ok . goodnightmorning 
Back home I think i've finally spent a whole day in < PROPFIRST > this summer . 
Needs a couple of shots and injections of caffeine to get through this long day . 
I wonder what my class schedule is like ... 
Officially done with all summer assignments . 
Hindi ko nais na pumasok sa paaralan bukas . Gusto kong bumalik sa Pilipinas sa halip . haha 
Ako tunay < PROPFEMALE > god . Ng < PROPFEMALE > aralan ay ang < PROPFEMALE > ggawa sa akin talagang < PROPFEMALE > god . Ako sa labas ay tumatakbo ng mga bagay-bagay na sabihin sa tagalog . Kailangang alamin < PROPFEMALE > ang iba ! How do I do this time ? I tried to use the conjunctions more . 
Ako ay handa na u < PROPFEMALE > ng makakuha ng ilang kasayahan muli . Ito ay tunay na < PROPFEMALE > gbubutas kani-kanina lamang at hindi ko belive < PROPFEMALE > ako nagsasalita ng ganito karami tagalog . Hindi ko < PROPFEMALE > practiced sa linggo . Hows That ? I still speak it okay for not using the language in a while . 
Kung lamang Skyla maintindihan kung ano ako sinasabi ngayon . Haha !!!!!! 
Ito ay magiging < PROPFEMALE > pang kagiliw-giliw na gabi . hehe 
Was that wild or what ?!!!! Lmfao !!!! 
Ako ay isang magandang gabi . Naging masaya ang aking weekend . Hindi ako naghahanap ng pasulong na sa paaralan bukas . Hate ko ang Lunes at hate ko ang aking Anatomiya at pisyolohiya guro . Hindi literal ngunit alam mo kung ano ang ibig sabihin ko . Something like that . lol 
A weekend in Oxford sounds good about now 
Breakfast success ! 
To be honest , that movie really dissapointed me . No hype or adrenaline . Oh well , mabe next time 
Has his bags packed for moving and can't find a thing .... oh well 
Just realized , he's still in his work uniform . To bad I don't get paid for it 
Is really tired of some people and wishes that they would just say what they really want to say . 
Working on a last minute song . Its pretty awesome . Will be posted on youtube as soon as possible 
Ako pagod ng lahat ng paaralang ito 
Online gift shopping !!! They better like this 
Just a few more hours ! Can I get a whattup class of 2011 ?! This is our year !! 
LSU or Fay-town ?... 
Live . Love . Dead . 
Class of 2011-The last class in the history of man to ever be able to tell time on an analog ( non digital ) clock . 
Is seriously thinking about being a Dj on the weekends while im in college next year . Lets just say , I've found a new hidden talent . 
Just did a whole book assingment in one night . That book really wasn't that bad . I can't believe I found a way to read it in about two hours worth of time . I think its just another one of my blasian skills . 
Umaasa ako na nakukuha namin maraming snow !!! 
is gonna have the perfect day tomorrow , got everything planned out , and gifts ready to go . Another perfect day . 
Will be on his way to a west memphis near you pretty soon 
Finally gonna finish up on that reading assignment . 
Note to self : \Coffee is your best friend\ " lol =) " 
This is gonna be a long night + long 3 weeks + a busy month = !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I am so proud of myself . I just finished my reading assignment and only four percent of it came back plagiarized . It wasn't my best work , but at least I got it done . 
walked for 45 minutes , ran for an hour and walked for another 15 minutes . Legs are numb , thighs on fire . Gonna go inside and workout . 
Hey aunt < PROPFEMALE > , I thought about talking to you the other day after I added you , but I haven't had the time because i've been so busy lately . I am doing good though . How are you doing ? 
Just chillin in the big easy ! 
“Life is like a box of crayons . Most people are the 8-color boxes , but what you're really looking for are the 64-color boxes with the sharpeners on the back . I fancy myself to be a 64-color box , though I've got a few missing . \ - < PROPFIRST > Mayer " 
Back home from New Orleans . Had an okay time , good fun . One of the greatest weeks ever . Going back out in a little for the day , definitely back home by tomorrow . Can't wait to see everyone again . Got lots of surprises for you guys , hope everyone likes . 
S.B. 2010 , bought a car . Saw old friends and old people . Bought unbelivable gifts for unbelivable friends . Trip to New Orleans , had fun with family . Got more gifts . Went to a festival , got sick from festival five times , but it was worth it , I had a fun time . Came home to a UCA package , the college i've been looking at for a while and that everyone keeps telling me to go to , found a jacket inside with the UCA logo . 
also bought my first pair of TOMS . Had a huge shopping spree , went home . AMAZING !!! (The Best ) 
Great day ! Gotta say I definitely out did myself today . Had a pretty fun time . Fun , fun , fun ! 
Getting my car painted glossy black tomorrow . Super happy about that , can't wait to see how it's gonna look . This is gonna be a good week . 
Quote of the day \Ah gordo de las ... blah blah blah .. \ " Gpodtimes . haha " 
Why does my insurance have to cost more than everyone my age and younger ? My liability cost more than most peoples full coverage and my full coverage is off the roof !... Once again nothing new . Just another < PROPMALE > . At least I get the < PROPMALE > s paid . :/ 
Is having a pretty good birthday so far . Just came home to the biggest birthday cake I have probably ever had ! 
has had quite an amazing birthday . Different but still great and I would like to thank everyone for the birthday wishes , they were great and I really appreciate it a lot , possibly the best birthday so far . Thanks ! 
Is very exhausted with all these work and school deadlines . All I wanna do is sleep . I miss doing that so much . I think i've been in a state delirious all week 
Just learned what TGIF stands for ! Wow , I geuss im a couple years late on that one . Ha 
church then work 
Just got done playing tennis with < PROPMALE > , we did farely well , back home . Gonna do some yard work then whoknows . 
Has learned today that the sun actually is good for me and that you should never give the ice cream man a hundred dollars cause they dont mix . Lol Just finished cutting and working on the neighbors yard . Watching \life\ " . Very fascinating . " 
No tennis practice for me today . Gotta work , so glad I got that algebra out of the way . Slow day but still good hope work is better . 
Gotta go tux shopping tomorrow . Might go all out 
Might pick out a tux today then go play tennis . Hungry , Mi Pueblo anyone ? 
Out tux shopping , cheaper than I thought it would be . Then stopping by the country club , then tennis . 
I really dont want to drive . Should I rent a bus or an h2 limo ? 
Just left the country club , cant believe everyones mom knew me cause you guys go home and talk about me to them . Lol gonna go play tennis 
Had a great day . Bought my tux and got free shoes with it , got to go to the country club and then I put in an application there , got in a little golf and went out and played tennis . Best day ever ! 
Gonna go get bolt locks on my tires , special locks on my hood and probably an alarm system installed with special door locks . 
Just finished playing five hours of tennis . Proud of how well i fixed up my car . About to order new parts 
Just got off work . Headed to the lake , going fishin . 
Mi Pueblo !!! 
Mom just told me to put a live fish in the freezer with her glassware , and its a wild one . Something tells me that shes gonna regret this ... hope it freezes in time . 
On the tennis courts . 
Just got back from the tennis courts . Just messed around the first couple hours . Gonna get something to eat . 
Going for a quick workout . 
What a day . Very sexual work day . I dont think ive ever made a woman blush as much as I did today . It was great . 
Gonna go pick up my tux then hit the tennis courts . Life is good 
Just got back from tennis courts . I think I got worse today . Terrible , oh well , theres always next time 
is very old fashion . 
Is all of a sudden not looking forward to this summer . All plans just went horrible and I dont want to spend two months in another city by myself . 
At U of M . At this dance thing . I love visiting colleges and getting awesome free food . Got my tux today , finally . Oh well , Shows about to start , stoked . This should b a fun event . 
had a pretty good time at the U of M social event . It was an interesting affair and the food was great . 
Just got my haircut , beard chopped , tux tailored and fitted , shoes polished . Ready for prom 
waking up to a nice workout . Car is getting a nice wash from the rain . House smells awesome cause im making breakfast , something I havent done in a long time . Plans going good so far . Something tells me this is gonna be a great day 
Time to get ready for prom ! Hollywood here we come ! 
Well prom wasnt to bad . Kicked senior celebration early . Finally home . Great night 
Cant believe its only been two hours since I been home . Best sleep though . This will be an interesting day . 
I need all senior HOSA members and all senior medical professions students to contact me as soon as possible . Text , call , message . Urgent ! Please and Thank You !!! 
Tennis courts 
has definitely seen improvement in my tennis skills this week . Almost got it back 
All senior HOSA members and senior medical profession students , dont forget that yours dues are due tomorrow . If there are any questions or problems contact me as soon as possible . Thanks ! 
To the tennis courts !!! 
Tennis time ! 
El Día de Hoy Se Fue < PROPMALE > carajo .. adios gente !! cabo tigre ! 
Its so random that it flooded just like I wanted it to . I never even knew my street could flood . 
Its impossible to get home with all these stupid road blocks . Its not like someones gonna drown in a foot of water . 
Just got home from work . Wondering where everyone is . 
I said it once and ill say it again . El < PROPFEMALE > de Hoy Se Fue < PROPMALE > carajo .. gente !! Cabo tigre ! 
I am so tired of these cops and there road blocks . Now im stuck on a bridge and I was even trying to be a good boy and went to church . I swear , I do something good and I get screwed . I hate sundays , and monday , you suck to 
I could have sworn that there was something else that I needed to do today . Oh well , gonna chill for now . 
Busy day tomorrow . These seniors better be worth it , because this is like the thousandth time they hit my bank account big time this year . Personally , I think its worth it . Fun fun fun ! =) 
just got home from the senior HOSA party . Just got done cleaning . I would like to thank all the seniors that helped with Mrs. Blackfords surprise present and I was more than happy to help as well . I hope all of you had a great time and enjoy your night . You guys are the greatest . Thanks ! 
Just realized that this could seriously be my last year here . Less than a month and I could be gone for good . 
Home . About to go cut some yards . 
Finish cutting yards , tennis then mabe work 
Off to work ! 
Just left the late great Mrs. < PROPFIRST > Cook . Doesnt get better than that . Goodtimes 
I would like to thank all the high school and < PROPMALE > high teachers and students for congratulating me on my last day at mhs ,... But , im not a senior and its not my last day . Haha 
Chillin out and about all day . Now off to work , then mabe < PROPFEMALE > . Got a couple surprise gifts to give out 
feels like blowin all my summer plans , quiting all my jobs , taking a huge chunck of money out of my bank accounts and just travel for the next year . 
Early morning training in three hours . 
almost got ms. webb to street race me on 77 . 
I think im making a career out of custom flask designs 
Leaving the train station . I hate coming here at night 
School officially sucks . Seriously thinkin about leaving right now . 
Starting to regret not turning in early graduation forms 
This woman is being so fake right now and its pissing me off . 
Whoo done for the day . Passed the literacy exam and nailed that ap english test . 
I told this girl she was the most amazing person in the world last week ... I take that back . Gotta be a fool for thinking shes something that shes not . Lesson learned 
Cant snitch what you dont know . One for the memory books . Aslo had a great last hour at work ... sorta like I wasnt even there . Easy money 
heading to the lake tomorrow . 
Had fun at the lake . Caught eleven catfish , striped bass , 2 brim . Quite a day 
:) Accomplished ! 
So ... graduation practice looked boring 
I would b the one person out in the hall during a lock in and then get stuck in mrs. boldens 
Slowest , longest day of my life . I hate sundays 
Mi Pueblo 
:( 
Is home , the one moment I didnt want to leave school 
Apparentely im working to hard cause I just made a computer overheat 
Went home to have lunch and went back out and forgot someone bought me lunch today . Hmm ... 
What a day ! I could get use to this =) 
First day at the new job ! 
wishes he could afford a bugatti 
Pretty much got hired for another job last night . 
and so , my weekend begins . Yawn ! Off to the gym 
You wanna talk about insanity ? Two hours a day at the gym is where its at . 
is having way to much fun with life at the moment . livin it up 
Younglife golf tournament ! 
needs a weekend repeat . 
Is officially gonn have a good year now that I put my two weeks notice in at kroger ! 
Is up pretty early today . Cant sleep , might go work out for a while . 
Tested out the insanity workout for the first time today . Extremely the most intense and hardcore workout ever . 
... 
Another successful day at the gym ... just great ! 
Finally got a < PROPMALE > to make a practice cover of the song '' when we say '' . A little sketchy but it was just a practice . Check it out ! Already posted 
Finally posted my sketchy practice cover video of the song '' when we say '' check it out ! 
Watching Ferris Buellers day off . Timeless classic , never gets old 
The gym was a kill today . Making steak burgers tonight . Woo hoo ! 
is up and out for the day ! Im feeling a good day ahead . 
3 1/2 more hours and my first weekend getaway begins . Hope this is worth it 
going to the lake ! 
On my way back from the lake . Exceptionally legit weekend 
Super excited that I can start playing golf again now that I got a new set of clubs . Super stoked !!! 
made burgers , trashed the house in the process , and broke one spatula 
My life : SWAGNIFICENT !! 
Just left spaghetti warehouse . Hits the spot everytime 
Is officially a double uncle . Baby finally popped , I have a niece !! 
You know you've made it somewhere when you stop asking for a job , and the jobs start asking for you . Job #7 here I come ! 
2302 emails , not a single junk mail in sight . Thats what I get for not checking it on a daily basis 
Some people are just useless 
If you really knew me !!! 
Sleepy , but cant sleep . Total torture 
Will be making a positive step forward by attending mass tomorrow for the first time innnnnnn ...... yeah ! Life is good 
Work then tennis 
Finally out of practice and just got done with a five mile run . Time for some tacos 
Church then practice 
Just getting back from the gym , gonna take a jersey shore shower real fast and head to orientation . 
had a pretty solid day/night . Heard the funniest stories of my life . 
Holdin down the fort this year !! Last first day of high school !!! SUPER CRAZY !! Class of 2011 !!! 
On my way to jonesboro for the weekend . Street tennis match tonight then who knows , tournament in the morning . 
just finished my first jonesboro street tennis match . spending the weekend at asu . tournament in the morning 
still at asu for the weekend . Very proud of myself for doing as well as I did in my tennis matches and proud of everyone else on the team that played today . Good job guys !!! Learned a lot and gained much respect cant wait for tomorrows matches . 
at a tennis tournament in jonesboro . I just learned that tennis is not for the colorblind . Very proud of +he team . There doing so good 
at the asu luau . I love this little < PROPFIRST > alumni freshman group . 
What a day , tennis practice , then straight into first day of cross country . Cant believe I ran 7 < PROPMALE > and another 10 < PROPMALE > straight , and then I found money ! Straight killin 
All I have needed , you provided . 
going out to eat . Hopefully this is a good place 
Ooey Gooey Caramel Pie !!! 
\Love must be sincere . Hate what is evil ; cling to what is good . Be devoted to one another in brotherly love . Honor one another above yourself . \ " -Romans 12:9 -10 " 
MUMC is where its at ! haha Had a pretty good time . Never ate so many random things at once without getting sick . Headed home , running in the morning . 
Headed out for a morning run . 
Going to the fair . 
putting new strings on my guitar for wednesday . 
I predict that this will be a great day . 
Leaving the nursing home . Made some friends and discovered im a pro with the elderly and a young boy with an old spirit . Goodtimes ! 
Jumped back on the twitter train . Really feels like it brings out my inner pessimist . Anyway , follow me @QuentinVincent 
Has absolutely no plans for the weekend for the first time in ... well this is awkward . 
... and so my day begins . 
Worst day ever . Praying for the Tschabold family and all friends . 
is praying . 
Church , first day of class , then tennis practice . What-a-day ... 
World of Jenks ... memorizing 
Just finished with tennis for the day . Didn't go to well , but hopefully I can get a grip on things tomorrow . 
Just got done with my 2 mile run . Very dissapointed about today . Horrible with no excuse . 
If I ever run like I did today , somebody shoot me !! I sucked !!! 
Done with practice for the day . To tired for anything else , going to bed . 
I am so tired of all this not being good enough and coming up short stuff lately . I am gonna this down !! 
Just finished running a mile of bleachers . Been praying for a good day and im very thankful today was that day . Glad its almost friday . 
and thats how you represent !!! 
Anyone know if fay-town or fort smith require act writing ? 
What a night . Calling it quits for the night and saying good luck to my cross country teammates in conway tomorrow . I already know you guys are gonna represent and do your thing . Get a howl in for me and hoping to run next time . Headed out early tomorrow for the weekend cant wait . 
Can't believe i'm awake again . I got my voice back ! Headed out to wynne ? 
< PROPFIRST > DADDY FOR 2011 SENIOR CLASS SECRETARY !!! ONLY THE BEST , AND DON'T EVER FORGET THAT WE RUN THIS !! 
On the way to wynne . We have a huge pig in the back seat !!! VOTE FOR < PROPFIRST > DADDY !!!!!! 2011 SENIOR CLASS SECRETARY !!!!!! 
[{( JOE DADDY !!!! ))] 
been stuck in the woods for a couple hours with no signal , but back on the < PROPFIRST > Daddy campaign trail . 
Wow phone battery just died luckly I bought a back up battery just so I can say ... VOTE FOR < PROPFIRST > DADDY !!! 
Notifications are flowing ridicuously at the moment , so if I don't get back at ya , don't get mad . 
What a day ! I know we haven't voted yet , but I just wanted to say congratulations to our new senior c/o 2011 secretary < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!! 
Wow ! Slap in the face ... 
Using my culinary arts skills to make breakfast 
WORD OF ADVICE : NEVER LISTEN TO IRON AND WINE WHILE DRIVING . WORSER THAN DRUNK DRIVING . VOTE FOR < PROPFIRST > DADDY !!! 
Don't forget to vote < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for Senior Class Secretary !! 
Also don't forget to vote for < PROPFIRST > Wadkins as treasurer , Angel Messer as Vice President , < PROPFIRST > as President , and most importantly < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for Secretary !!! 
Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > Baioni the frog of the meadow < PROPFEMALE > country club . You gave us the best three months of stories 
Vote < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for Secretary !! 
VOTE FOR < PROPFIRST > DADDY !! DONT MAKE ME BLOW UP THE NEWS FEED . VOTE < PROPFIRST > DADDY SECRETARY !!! 
I can do everything through him that gives me strength . 
Leaving the tennis courts . Not feeling to well . Praying for a good week . 
We love because he first loved us . 1 < PROPFIRST > 4:19 
Ran two practice 5k's today . Didnt go so well 
Im giving it all to the only son who gave me hope when I had none . 
Loves mobile tv . Go Arkansas ! 
Running the 5k in a little . 
Just got done running my 5k . Didn't go to well in my opinion . Did my best , stayed consistant and got an awesome new uniform so thats all that matters . 
Through my good and through my bad , my salvation and honor depend on God . He is my rock , he is my strength and without him I am nothing , but with him I am everything and more . With him nothing can stop me 
To much to think about at once . Headed to the gym , feeling like going for a run later 
Anyone want a four month half lab , half < PROPMALE > shepard ? Hit me up 
Headed to wmhs ! 
at < PROPMALE > pep rally . Wow ! Lmfao Whatever ! 
Good job patriots ! You played well tonight and were all proud of you !! Student section , AMAZING !! 
... yeah , I think i'll call it a night :/ 
C'est la vie ... I geuss 
Cooking ! Mmm ... Délicieux !! 
Why does life have to be so exspensive ?... Im to young to be paying bills like this . Really ?! 
Really excited , did pretty good against my private tennis instructor . Done with practice for the day . Accomplished ! 
Uh oh , someones looking up plane tickets . Do I sense another vacation getaway ? 
So I just found out my mom has more brothers and sisters than I thought . Hmm ... thats what I get for not going overseas more often . 
All down hill from here ... craaap ! 
Happy Birthday Mom !!! 
Yup , that just happened !!! 
just killed a bird with an extremely powerful backhand and a tennis ball ... Whoa 
... And on that note ... Let the night begin !!!!!! 
Îs off to the tennis courts . 
... and there goes the night ... just great :/ 
I can't believe what I just found ... 
In < PROPMALE > homecoming parade with Karsen and < PROPMALE > !! :) 
How ' bout them Hogs ? 
To everyone that blew my phone up in the past 6 hours , I am not ignoring you or purposely refusing to answer your phone calls , I just can't .... I broke my phone 
is chill 
How about them GIANTS in the world series ?! Representing my birth place San < PROPMALE > !! Gone all the way baby !!! 
GIANTS world series champs baby !! 
extremly pissed off , going to the gym 
Daylight Savings ! The one time of year you can re-live the same hour without the help of weed , drinking , or drug paraphernalia :D 
Big Robs tonight ? 
Memory walk ? or Oops I forgot to walk ? 
Just made belgium waffles from scratch with a full course breakfast !! ... Skill 
Sometimes I wish I could relive my saturdays . There almost always the best and problly the reason I hate sundays so much . 
Why do I always get an automatic headache when I find out its sunday ? 
I hate it when I start texting someone and they text back and I realize I really don't feel like talking them . 
is super glad that I saw my < PROPFEMALE > Underwood today . 
So I pretty much just got acceptance letters to every U of A college !!! 
About to head home ... what a night .... 
Had an amazing time at younglife tonight . Glad I finally got the < PROPMALE > to sing , and happy everyone liked it . =) 
Stuck up taste with a shady face ... Real talk , Guilty . 
\Italians ... gotta love em \"" 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
\ 
Can you please get me a brand new Range Rover or Jeep Wrangler ? Please and Thank You ! \ 
-Your favorite Blasian , Q 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !! :) 
Im hungry ... 
I take that back , there is a such thing as a sexy redhead ..... dang !! This aint twitter ! lol 
Shout out to my homies back in < PROPFIRST > !! bout to throw down and represent ! puttin that fresh and clean swagg out there . can you say swaggnificent ?! 
Off to the wedding ! 
Last night , livin it right . Easy come , easy go . Letting go , livin life . 
3:30 and still goin !! haha Night of my life , livin it up ! 
4:00 am and imma killin like its nothin !! 
\God made all the fun things sins . \ " .... hahah :) " 
About to throw down and go M.I.A. in this town . ... This Blasian is out !! 
I tell ya about cute skinny girls that call themselves fat and ugly ... shame , and whoever said theres anything wrong with big girls ? Theres cute ones out there . They love and need love to ... respect yourself , respect others . Just sayin .... sad world 
This Arkansas game will be the death of me ... 
Touchdown !!! Two point conversion !! Lets go Hogs !!! You got this ! Screw those nuts !!! 
What was that Ohio ? Huh ? Yeah , um saftey !!! How humiliating . Pig soooooie !!! 
Down by 8 , but I can feel it !! Mallets about to come down and bust an ohio nut ! 
Come on Hogs lets go !!! I can feel it !!! Dont make me pee my pants for nothin !! 
Noooooooooo !!! I think im gonna die ... 
Still sayin it loud and proud Pig Sooooooooooie !!!!!! I love my HOGS !! 
This ones for Fahad ... \Cant't wait for the weekend \"..." 
Now for the question of the day ... Where is my i.d. ? 
I cant take this anymore !!! Ahhhh !! 
M . I . A all the way !! 
\I tell ya\ " about some of these kids once they get into high school . They think a little to much of themselves . Heres your wake up call : your no better than the rest of us . Know your place . Respect ... " 
You ever notice how asians are relatively short in eeeverrry way , yet their always coming up with the biggest things ? Btw , no offense mom ... just sayin . 
Arkansas people/women dont know how to drive in snow . Every other car swirved off the road in front of me 
Okay ? Who made the giant snow penis ? 
Just got approved about an hour ago to do physical therapy training and observation with three buisnesses for college ! Geuss ill be working on that for the next couple months . Cha < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I think my next girlfriend should be mexican . Those little petite ones are hot . Add in a nice personality and im set . If not , I geuss I could settle for a nicely tanned italian . ;D 
Im gonna get my own United Nations Entourage . Mix it with a little \Blasian Persuasion\ " . Then throw United National Parties ( UNP ) all the time . No green cards needed !! " 
Thinkin bout gettin my head shaved . I think it would be pretty legit 
Just got hit head on at a stop sign . Glad the lady and her kids are okay . Car on the other hand ... totaled . I guess nothing upsets me cause I find humor in it for some odd reason that I almost just died . Pretty blessed I guess . Thank God , thats life . haha :D 
One thing I love about the internet and social networking is that you can always delete that one person out of your life with the click of a button . If only life were that simple . 
Serio , this women has a nice body budweiser face so ugly ? - Homie 
Tengo < PROPFEMALE > noticia < PROPFEMALE > y otra mala . \ 
Bueno ... digame primero la < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
Los resultados < PROPMALE > analisis indican que < PROPFEMALE > quedan 24 horas de < PROPFEMALE > . \ 
Pero , bueno , eso es la < PROPFEMALE > noticia ? \ 
Entonces cual es la mala ? \ 
Que l < PROPFEMALE > vo intentado localizar < PROPFEMALE > desde ayer . :D 
My mom just pulled up in a brand new silverado . I thought I was getting a new truck ... Its a rental from the insurance company for my wreck . Still cool ! Brand new 2011 silverado !!! This month might not be so bad with out my car . :D 
Ahhhhh ! This 2011 full cab silverado is beast !! Im in love with this truck ! I ever want my car back hahah 
\As they watch me fall the angels cry because they understand my pain and they've seen the blood spilled in the battles of my life\ 
Praying 
Has crossed over to his < PROPMALE > Gracin . 
has come to the decision of getting a chevy silverado , gmc < PROPFEMALE > , or a dodge ram . Can't decide which one ... 
Planning on starting a buisness in < PROPFIRST > or West Memphis next year . 
Just had a fun hilarious hour and a half with Sky . Never fails 
If anyone has an iphone that needs to be fixed or has one they don't use anymore then < PROPFIRST > Salazar is the man to talk to . HMU 
Just realized since < PROPFEMALE > moved last year I cant buy her , her 50 valentines day grams like I did last year . This year just wont be the same ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Garden ! Che meraviglia ! :D 
\ ... But we both know how we're gonna make it work when it hurts\ 
After tonight , mabe I should take dance and < PROPFEMALE > pong lessons . Oh well , fun night ! Woo hoo for three day weekends ! 
Amazing job to everyone involved in the MHS production , Hairspray !! I can without a doubt say that the MHS drama department has really come a long way in the past three years , and tonight you all out did yourselves . Great job to you all ! 
This kid right here- two words : \Big Plans\ " \ 
Let's see ... It's 3:47 a.m. And I'm still awake ? ... Yeah , I ain't sleeping anytime soon . Might as well go for an early morning workout . Hellooo 4 a.m. morning run and 24-hour gym membership . 
You know your senioritis is in full swing when you cant wake up any earlier than ten minutes before school . 
Working on cover songs . I think I'm gonna try them out at a venue one of these nights and see how it works . 
Praying that my aunt didn't get affected from the tsunami in Japan . 
“Live without pretending , Love without depending , Listen without defending , Speak without offending . ”\ 
— Drake 
Still praying for my aunt in Japan . Still haven't been able to make contact . I pray to God she's alive and well and hoping for the best for everyone else overseas . 
I'm guessing sleep just isn't my thing anymore ' cause it's not happening . Daylight savings doesn't make it any better . 
Bought a jeep grand Cherokee limited 4x4 today ! Just until I get my new truck . 
\ S.W.A.G. \ 
Sleepless nights suck 
Successful day at the gym 
Going to the gym 
Another day at the gym knocked out , room cleaned , jeep cleaned , and my new vans came in ! All before breakfast . 
Its times like these I wish the iphone 5 were already out . Could apple make me wait any longer ? I need a new phone . 
I preached todays lesson at church . I did ..... sounds scary . I winged it ...... perfectly , the day after saturday , and I had people shouting and almost crying in a quiet church .... I did .... me ? Yes , me . 
Im the only person at the gym right now , ive never seen this gym empty before . 
Off to the gym . 
Gym , tennis , road trip , house shopping for next year , shopping , gym , dinner , day . Long day ahead . 
Bye Bye Facebook ! 
I could have sworn this was spring break , not winter fest . I got my shorts and t-shirt on and I walk outside to get in the jeep and go to the gym and its 41 degrees . What up with that ? 
Another day at the gym done 
T.V. has literally gotten really gay these days . ... Thats why it stays off . 
Another succesful day at the gym complete 
I can not wait for the iphone 5 to come out . To legit . 
Went to the gym , took care of business , done . 
Senioritis round 2 ..... Ding ..... Ding ! 
To the gym ! 
My starter would go out in my jeep the day before i need it most ... smh 
Had fun at younglife tonight ! I will definitely be bringing my guitar and singing again .. hopefully soon . 
