EVICTED !!!! BREAK STUFF !!!! 

Todays latest retards : Senate Judiciary Committee proceeds with impeachment of federal judge . Inquisition to follow . Bring your pitchforks . 
Why does it seem like I failed at everything when I slowly succeed ? 
If love is a weakness , is it a weakness of the heart or weakness of the mind ? If it is a weakness of the mind is it illusory or lack of will ? If it is a weakness of the heart is it unwise to trust or hold on ? \ 
-- Pondering inspired by Dragon Age . 
Congress the opposite of progress . 
If the end of mankind were imminent and it fell upon a single man to create the means to avoid it , would it be his fault if he were not intelligent enough to devise the means ? 
< PROPMALE > , Link , and < PROPMALE > Skywalker ...... wonder what kind of drinks you would bring to that party . 
Today is my birthday . Tommorrow is my hangover . 
Screw Microsoft , I'm buying a Wii . 
Sarcasm is pointing out the flaws in every day life , cynicism is believing they don't get better . 
Save a puppy : Kill PETA . 
Ok ... is zombie genocide a crime against humanity ? And what about mutant genocide ? And cyborgs ? 
Dear merciful god , I will become a priest if my place of work shuts down today so I don't have to go to work . Just something to think about Gman . 
To everyone : Stop whining about defects in people you love . They cause you to fixate on them and warp them out of proportion . Soon you lose the connection you had with that person because they have a problem you don't like . This causes you to avert your eyes from the truth : THERE ARE NO PERFECT PEOPLE !! LIFE SUCKS !! SEX IS NOT LOVE !! YOU ARE NOT THE CENTER OF THE UNIVERSE !! 
I find it amusing how many people simply do not understand techonolgy beyond the necessary capacity to use it . People who see \Network Connection Lost\ " most of the time have no clue what to do . " 
1675856960275729 My wii friend code for those of you who care . Message me first or I will not add you . 
Eat lots of turkey . 
Now to begin my ever so slow migration to the couch . 
Lawyers : The only kind of people who take offense and take part in the offense within a one hour period . 
Question of the Day : Why are there live action shows on Cartoon Network ? \ 
-- One of the many reasons I do not watch t.v. 
Oh , morning , how I hate you . You greet me with a flashblind , cold , and discomfort . 
Got to play with Kinect today . Not impressed . 
Sometimes I feel nerdy when I get asked what the difference between a sorcerer and a wizard is , and I actually answer . Curse you DND . 
Started playing Pokemon Gold again . I'm surprised at how easy it is . I remember it being much more grueling . 
It's my mothers birthday . And she's not here . Go figure . 
Finally , got to the finals . 
Last day of semester is next friday . REJOICE !!!!! 
Poetry is an attempt to solidify a feeling , a thought , or an idea in order to make it tangible to others . It is the ghosts we see in the mirror , our feelings , and dreams etched into words . Whether or not it is understood is entirely beyond the point . Like all expression , it is viewed uniquely by everyone . 
Playing < PROPFIRST > party with < PROPFIRST > . 
Going to Vietnam ( COD < PROPMALE > reference . ) 
General Advisory to fellow Motlow students : Check the school closings tommorrow to make sure it's open . 
I love No More Heroes . For some reason , picking up garbage after you killed a bunch of random school punks with a beam sword and then going to your motel room to play with your cat just makes an awesome day for me . 
Misconception is a nasty thing , more particularly when you base it on preconception . 
Things that are harmful to the economy : Professors who do not understand economics ( hint : < PROPMALE > ) , lawyers who do not understand economics , increases in taxes , legislation to regulate economic activity , legislation to regulate consumption or usage 
Hardees is open 7 to 7 on Christmas . Poor bastards . 
A < PROPFEMALE > Wars Christmas on SPIKE ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and to all .... have a fun day of returns tomorrow . Happy birthday Jesus . 
Redbox amazes me . People will actually pay more to rent a movie from a machine for a few days from a selection of about 100 movies as opposed to using Netflix which has over 1,000 titles on instant and at least 1,000 times that for rent . 
Dear Jester , When will you stop hiding behind that smile ? That moment of laughter you inspire is soon after mired in sorrow when the feeling has fled . 
Why do Smart Phones cost more than a Wii and a PS3 ? 
Saw Eclipse yesterday . Sorry , but my type of vampire fiction ends with hundreds of dead bodies and blood EVERYWHERE , not crappily set up love triangles intertwined with some bullshit story about a feud . 
If the world was owned by poor people , what would < PROPMALE > people be like ? 
\Wise men argue causes ; fools decide them . \ " - Anacharsis " 
NEW COMPUTER !! YAY !!!! 
I want Ninja flavored cookies . 
When broadband and wireless connections synchronize with advancements in cybernetics and advanced prosthesis , you will eventually be able to receive electronic data directly from a receiver in your brain . When that happens , will spam mail cause people to hemorrhage ? 
Just watched Walking Dead on AMC . Verdict's not in on that one yet . 
Watched the whole ten hours of Lord of the Rings . I'm still impressed by the scale of it . 
Gun Control is like trying to keep a retard from doing stupid things without hurting him . 
The President speaks tonight . His lies will be uncovered tomorrow . 
Ok .. so Obama's speech ranks a 6.5 on my bullshitometer . I was tempted to call the white house and scream at the operator after he claimed social security was safer than the stock market . 
It will move mountains ! It will mount movements !! 
DAMN MY SHITTY INTEGRATED GRAPHICS CHIP !!!! 
\The Roommate\ " is an $8000000 movie about a crazy college roommate . I think < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > craps out more creative material than this . " 
HOLY FREAKING GOD NVIDIA ROCKS !!! 
HOW DARE YOU INTERRUPT ME ??!! ONLY I INTERRUPT ME !! Like just then . 
Are we prisoners if we are unaware of the prison ? If you became aware of said prison , would you consider yourself to be trapped by it ? Would you attempt to break free of it if doing so could trap you ? 
If fast food was a deadly weapon , would restaurants be terrorist cells or the Security Council at the U.N. ? 
Terrorism : Having a bone to pick with the current governing administration and settling it via explosives . 
Just how deep do you believe , when you bite the hand that feeds , when you chew until it bleeds ? Can you get up off your knees ? Do you wanna change it ? 
Poverty : Being stuck in a hole with only a shovel to get you out . And a broken down P.O.S. at that . 
If death is a doorway , is there a way I can use a doorbell ? 
Well ... Japan is irradiated . Get your Power Armor on . 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think ...... JUST FOLLOW THE RULES :-) 
The world has ended . 
Attention citizens : It is now time to begin the daily random shotgun massacre . Please run around in screaming pandemonium . 
