about to leave work , should be a great night ! ( : 

on the new laptop (: 
I should really stop falling asleep at work 
phone got turned off , so if you need something leave a comment 
phone is back on , I win 
seriously , again ?!?! 
call/text 4435361191 if you need me 
goodnight all , text it 7173575487 
having a good night , text 7173575487 
truck is in the shop , hopefully have it out monday 
ravens won ! it's hard to control myself ... 
bored , going home today ? text it 7173575487 
bored , text 7173575487 or aim dtroxe14 
bored as hell , text 7173575487 
going home with my truck later on , text 7173575487 
freaking out , need sleep 
still at dads , don't know when I'm leaving 
text 7173575487 
If you want to get out alive , run for your life ... 
Pain , without love Pain , I can't get enough Pain , I like it rough ' Cause I'd rather feel pain than nothing at all ... 
for no apparent reason I suddenly find myself in a really good mood (: 
WHAT ?!?!?!?!? 
finally got my computer to work , back to hellwill tomorrow 
Why must I torture myself ? 
2 more hours in hell 
working in hell til 9ish , text it 7173575487 
Is this fucking day over yet ?!?! 
when my time comes forget the wrong that I've done and help me leave behind some reason to be missed , and don't resent me and when you're feeling empty keep me in your memory leave out all the rest 
can't wait to get out of here , tomorrow moving in the new roomate in am , friday xmas not sure what I'm doing yet , weekend at dads sunday ravens vs . steelers ! 
It's going to be a longggggg day 
\I'm burning in the heavens and I'm drowning in a hell My soul is in a coma and none of my friends can tell That I'm reaching out and getting nothing This is just a story of a broken soul\ " -Papa Roach " 
no more net til thursday probably , if you need me call/text 4435361191 
having a good day 
sooooo tired , work til 8 
new number 443-547-2176 
enjoying my week off 
home by myself and really bored 
anyone up and feel like talking ? 
Does the universe hate me ? I'm pretty sure it does 
\I hurt myself today To see if I still feel I focus on the pain The only thing that's real The needle tears a hole The old familiar sting Try to kill it all away But I remember everything \"- Johnny Cash " 
Had a fun night at Timeouts , helped to get my mind off things 
Somebody please make it go away , I don't know how much more I can take 
I know I can make it through this , I know I'm strong enough , I know my life is not over 
Trying to make some plans for this weekend , What's everyone doing ? 
This house is always creepy when you are the only one in it ... 
Not having a great day so far 
Room is finally starting to get dry , I hate the rain 
Can't sleep again ... 
Going to see Megadeath at Rams Head tonight ! 
Megadeath was awesome !!!!!! 
Slept like shit , now waiting for my first package 
This just keeps getting weirder ... 
Sooooo tired 
Watching Clerks II 
This is going to be a long month ... 
Looking at all or nothing , Babe it`s you and I , With you i know that , I am good for something , So lets go give it a try , We got our backs against the ocean , It`s just us against the world , \All Or Nothing\ " Theory Of A Deadman " 
Getting some sleep , got work tomorrow , finally 
Thinking about better times , hoping more are yet to come 
Work today 11- ?, Text the cell 4435472176 
\Never be bullied into silence . Never allow yourself to be made a victim . Accept no one's definition of your life ; define yourself . \ " < PROPMALE > Fierstein " 
Having a great day despite the rain , hope the rest of the day goes well ... 
Dog chewed up laptop charger so no more net tonight , hopefully getting new charger tomorrow 
Got a new laptop charger today , $95 what a ripoff 
working way too late today 
working out in the rain with power tools is always fun 
working in the middle of nowhere today 
Going to be working through the weekend 
Tomorrow can't get here fast enough , I need a break 
Bullet For My < PROPFIRST > \Your Betrayal \"" 
sitting at the airport 
had a really good night , it was much needed 
Torn in two , between what the mind knows and the heart wants 
Going home in a little while , can't wait til next weekend ! 
\Bury all your secrets in my skin 
I guess I'm just a magnet for pain 
my mind says to walk away , but my heart tells me not to give up ... 
\Little Smirk \"- Theory Of A Deadman " 
Waiting 
Tonight is going to be awesome ! Just have to make it through work first 
chilling at bentley's with spicer and < PROPFIRST > 
stuck down in college park 
I love randomly catching up with an old friend (: 
Off to another day of work , text 4435472176 
playing wii 
\All I ask for 
wrecked my truck into a guardrail , now waiting for a ride 
feels like shit today 
it's offical , truck is a total loss 
Interesting evening 
anyone want to go to ocean city tomorrow ? 
anyone want to go to oc tonight ???? 
cruising the boardwalk with spicer 
Leaving for work soon , then out with < PROPFIRST > tonight (: 
had a good night out in hanover 
\Interstate Love Song\ " STP " 
I can't wait for this day to be over 
reallllly good mood now (: 
\I like her because she smiles at me and means it . \ " ~ Anonymous " 
feeling pretty damn good 
room deconstruction complete , now to start putting it back together 
finally feeling better , still off work 
spending the day updating my movie library , any suggestions ? 
hanging out with sam (: 
The Hangover 
fml 
Another bad day 
what else can go wrong today ? 
wtf usa ? 
GOOOOAAAALLLLLL !!!!! 
Getting the truck towed home , hopefully I can figure out what the problem is 
what a beautiful morning , too bad I have to spend it stuck at a gas station , truck won't start 
at dads , working on the truck tomorrow , new fender and bumper 
truck repairs are complete , only took 12.5 hrs , back to work in the morning 
The Crazies 
had an awesome night 
Have you ever just felt like punching someone in the face ? 
\Ramble On\ " Led Zeppelin " 
happy 4th to everyone 
bored ... 
text 4435472176 
Cinder Road \The Worst Way \"" 
really bored and hot , my room feels like an oven , odd because I'm in the basement . Not sure when or if I'm going into work today ... 
is in the process of backing up my dvd collection 
can't sleep ... 
\Pushing Me Away ( Piano Version)\ " Linkin Park " 
had an awesome time on the river down in < PROPFEMALE > , headed home now 
got a bit too much sun today , ow 
at the 98rock blood drive 
so bored someone text me 
\I became insane 
text if you feel like talking 4435472176 
anyone want to go to a concert monday night ? 
Anyone want to go see The Dead Weather Monday at Rams Head ? 
concert at rams head monday night , who wants to go ? 
Concert tomorrow night , anyone want to go ? 
Going to see The Dead Weather in a few hours 
Dead Weather put on an amazing show , definitely worth it 
Going to see Sick Puppies tonight ! 
Had a great time at Sonar last night , Sick Puppies were insane 
My Darkest Days \Save Me \"" 
Alright now I'm angry 
Really Bored ...... If\ 
your brave copy this into your status and see what people rate you ( 1)crazy\ 
( 2 ) i'd marry you ( 3 ) talkative ( 4)sarcastic ( 5)loveable ( 6)clubhead\ 
( 7)moody ( 8)dumb ( 9)spoiled ( 10)mouthy ( 11)random ( 12)hot ( 13)funny\ 
( 14)fit ( 15)amazing ( 16)beautiful ( 17)cute ( 18)rude ( 19)simple 
planning ... 
and the terrible day continues ... 
Theory Of A Deadman \I Hate My Life \"" 
I'm a mess ... haha 
Why am I awake so early ?!?! 
Just bought my ticket for the LP show next month :D 
20 days until Linkin Park in NYC 
\Wretches And Kings\ " Linkin Park " 
Been listening to A Thousand Suns since last night , what an amazing album 
so apparently diddy has declared today Linkin Park day 
That was hard to watch ... 
Leaving for NYC soon , Linkin Park tonight !! 
finally in jersey 
waiting in line , doors open at 8 
in times square watching ravens highlights on a jumbotron , awesome 
epic show , greatest night ever :D 
Gave my notice today , I start my new job a week from Monday 
The Midnight Meat Train 
I have lost almost all faith in humanity ... 
One more day off then starting the new job on Monday ... 
In a pretty good/bad mood 
I hate giant spiders that hide in my room 
bored at work , text 4435472176 
at the Nauti Goose with the fam 
soooo tired , working down in < PROPFEMALE > the next few weeks 
Trying to find something to do today 
horrible day so far 
needs to get a life 
Watching The Human Centipede 
WTF RAVENS ???? 
Too long of a day , back to work in 8 hours 
FINALLY killed the giant fucking spider that's been living in my room for over a month 
Reading The Strain before I finally give in and go to sleep 
I have a craving for something , but have no idea what it is ... 
I just won 3 passes to the Baltimore Comedy Factory Saturday night , who wants to go ? 
I have 2 extra passes to the baltimore comedy factory , text me if you want to go 
I have 2 extra passes for the Baltimore Comedy Factory Saturday night at 9 , anyone interested in going ? 
Anyone want to go to the Baltimore Comedy Factory Saturday night ? 
Just won myself a couple of passes to see Linkin Park in February !! 
at the baltimore comedy factory 
Getting ready to watch the Ravens whoop some Panther ass !! 
people are already in line at < PROPMALE > farms wtf 
Happy Turkey Day Everyone ! 
extremely bored , watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars , text 4435472176 
OZZZZZZZYYYY !!!!!! 
Three Hundred Sextillion 
Another cold boring day of work ... 
Listening to LPUX 
\To The Pain\ " Nonpoint " 
Anybody want a puppy ? 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon \ 
from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until\ 
Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Invite your \ 
friends to do the same 
Hell yeah Ngata ! 
first night of classes , way too tired for this 
1213- You are an amazing person and we had some great times working together , I miss always getting lunch with you and we should < PROPFEMALE > out sometime (: 
1- You're an awesome cousin and a great lax player , sucks we don't get to < PROPFEMALE > out as much as we did when we were little , see you at xmas ! lol 
3- You are a great person , fun , nice , sweet , and smart . I wished we still talked as much as we used to and I'm sorry we fell out of touch . 
25- You are an awesome person to have fun with , we have a blast at concerts and I can't wait for all the great shows we have coming up ! 
It is far too cold in my room 
great start to my day , alternator went up in the truck on the way to work , hope the rest of the day gets better 
Wishing it was summer ... 
this weekend needs to get here fast 
I don't know what's worth fighting for\ 
Or why I have to scream . \ 
I don't know why I instigate\ 
And say what I don't mean . \ 
I don't know how I got this way\ 
I know it's not alright . \ 
So I'm breaking the habit , \ 
I'm breaking the habit\ 
Tonight 
Had a great day with my family watching the Ravens win , Steelers lose , and celebrating my bday a few days early 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Hates snow and does not want to work tomorrow 
Pirate radio is a pretty damn good movie 
Bored , text 443-547-2176 
Work is going to suck on 2.5 hrs of sleep 
Dubstep Radio 
this can't be good ... 
not having a good day 
Would really like someone to talk to 
Never thought I would be glad it's winter 
Needs some motivation 
pissed off 
time for schoolwork 
needs something good to happen soon 
text me if you're bored and want to talk about something random 
Can't sleep , text me 
Avenged Sevenfold in one week !!! 
got laid off today :/ 
got my new phone (: 
Losing my mind 
so much to do and so little time to do it 
Schoolwork is officially done , now I can focus on the Nightmare tomorrow ! 
A7X , Stone Sour , and Hollywood Undead in less than 2 hours !! 
Concert was amazing last night , but I feel like I got hit by a truck , or a dozen crowd surfers 
1 . go to Google Maps and click directions . \ 
2 . Type in USA as your start point . \ 
3 . Type in Japan as your destination . \ 
4 . Go to point 31 in your directions . \ 
5 . When you stop laughing , repost this so that others may laugh too 
Watching The Social Network 
Aced my first college final 
It's A Trap ! 
why does the history channel keep airing these ominous apocalyptic shows ? and why do I keep watching them ?! 
anybody else watching the AFC getting their ass kicked in the pro bowl ? 
Watching Paranormal Activity 2 
this day is off to a good start 
I retract my previous statement , not a good day 
Drove all the way down to 98rock and my tickets aren't here ! grrr 
\Tell me would you kill to save a life\ 
Sick 
Needs to get better by thursday 
Pray to your god , open your heart\ 
Whatever you do , don't be afraid of the dark\ 
Cover your eyes , the devil's inside\ 
One night of the hunter\ 
One day I will get revenge\ 
One night to remember\ 
One day it'll all just end 
disappointed 
This is going to be such a boring day , at least I'm feeling better 
Done my schoolwork for the rest of the week (: 
I need to find something to do 
I wish this headache would go away so I can get some sleep 
it's going to be a good night (: 
Anyone want to come to a party ? Text me ! 
Wow lol 
\The Joker\ " < PROPMALE > Miller Band " 
great weekend , now what to do ? 
Hates being woken up by barking dogs 
Can't wait for this weekend , hopefully it will be as good as the last ! 
out 
Having an awesome night 
So tired , but must stay awake 
ICE 
Crazy week , tonight should be a great end to it 
I am Number Four is a badass movie 
\If I stay it won't be long\ 
I need to figure some things out 
I don't know how long I can keep this up before I go completely insane 
I feel like I'm back in school 
This feels like a huge waste of time , hopefully out of here soon 
The Song Remains the Same 
\Go to Heaven for the climate 
\Define your meaning of war\ 
( 760 ): If I die I have 2 requests one a viking funeral prye and 2 I want you to take over my facebook and haunt the fuck out of everyone . 
had a profound realization last night ... 
Getting ready for the Outbreak Tour at Rams Head Live tonight ! 
Going to see Rev Theory and Pop Evil with < PROPFEMALE > Jansen ! 
Amazing night at Rams Head seeing Pop Evil and Rev Theory 
my job tonight ? make sure a 4yr old does not wake up 
Well there goes my plans for today ... 
Got an A on my Criminal Justice final 
House+Zombies = Awesome 
Might go out into the world in search of food soon ... 
\If I gave you the truth\ 
Going to be another long boring night , that's what I get for sleeping all day 
So here's the lineup for the next three concerts at Rams Head Live I'm headed to with < PROPFEMALE > Jansen\ 
March 23rd 98 Rock presents SICK PUPPIES w/ Framing Hanley - Adelita's Way\ 
April 13th Three Days Grace w . My Darkest Days\ 
April 15th 98 Rock presents SEETHER\ 
It's going to be epic 
\I'm sick of following my dreams . I'm just going to ask them where they're goin ' 
Watching Doctor Who on Netflix 
Feels like a pizza and movie night 
You spring is right around the corner when the spiders return ... 
I feel like I'm forgetting something ... 
Lots to think about ... 
How the hell did I sleep for 14 hours ?? 
Burger < PROPMALE > FTW ! 
Getting some shut-eye , then out tonight 
ENTER TO WIN A SIGNED My Darkest Days CD ! Copy & Paste this as your status to enter ! #MoveYourBody Radio Request Contest ! Tag @My Darkest Days & Request it today !! 
Trying to find something to do today , don't want to waste the beautiful weather 
Had a great day , exactly what I needed 
Watching Scooby-Doo with < PROPMALE > 
Sleeping on the couch tonight , headed to Fallston in the morning 
Getting tired of fighting with my laptop 
This is going to be a long quarter ... 
\Dreaming men are haunted men . \ " \ 
Sick Puppies concert got canceled :( 
Time to get started on this weeks work 
Today is off to a great start thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Gamber 
At the station 
This has been an awesome day ! 
Since the mva doesnt know how to do their jobs I got pulled over for having suspended tags 
Had an amazing weekend so far , hoping it continues today 
:) 
Getting ready to go see Insidious with my amazing girl < PROPFEMALE > Gamber 
Had a great night with my baby , Insidious was awesome 
\You’ve got all that I need\ 
Going on 5hrs straight of doing school work and still not close to being done . Thinking about my girl and hoping she gets better soon . 
\She looks at me like nobody else 
Listening to music , missing my baby and hoping I get to see her soon 
Going to see my baby finally :) 
Just got home from my baby's house , I missed her so much this week , She is completely amazing and I can't wait to see her again tomorrow (: 
Getting ready to go out with my girl for the night (: 
