ya ... this hurts a hell of a lot 

is quite hopeful agian 
is out of this relationship ... for good it seems 
i'm pathetic and confused 
isn't pathetic and only slightly confused lol 
finally gets it ... I finally have the strength to walk away lol ... i guess shit happens lol 
finally got his new computer !!!! 
pulled an all nighter for absolutely no reason at all ! 
is looking forward to his future !!! 
So everyone needs to go to their settings , click on languages , go down until you see \English ( Pirate)\ " It's amazing !!! " 
Just got back from watching the meteor shower atop a mountain ... It was AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!! 
had an amazing time shootin shit ! lol :) 
Who wants to go to Guads tomorrow for dinner ? I'm home and wanna get together with everyone :) 
Happy to be home ! 
11:30 am - 11.00 pm ... Elapsed time Eleven and heif hours ... All 3 Lord of the Rings movies successfully watch ... Check that one off the bucket list ! 
200 feet of skidding face first in the snow ... my arm now feels like it wants to fall off ... but < PROPFIRST > can vouch for me that it was an epic fall ! 
Starting over ... life almost back on track lol ... Note to self : Check E-mail daily to avoid sticky situations 
is tired ... but what a weekend ? Crazy shinanagains and a bon fire in the sea cave ... can life get any better ? I submit that it cannot ! 
So ... after 3 hours of debating , my color is pink and i am a sea lion ... lol 
needs to find out who his doppleganger is .... Someone have any celebrities ? 
just got back from line dancing ! One of the best nights at cal poly so far ! but alas it is 2:16 and i got class at 8 ! Goodnight world ... 
The dribbles down my shirt are a testament to why one should not drink apple juice directly after the dentist numbs half your face ... 
Happy PI day everyone ! 
It was 1 o'clock and i had a 7 am final i had a lot of studying to do for ... All-nighter seems like the wise idea ... 5:06 am says differently ... oh well last final ! 
Finally home ... Went to LA ... got a number while on the freeway ... saw an awesome metal show by The Shaddows Transparent ... Got raced by two chicks at a stop light ( which we won ) ....... 600 < PROPMALE > , 20 gallons of gas , Awesome road trip ... Priceless ! 
12 hour hike , 4200 feet elevation gain , here we come ! This is gonna be SICK !!! I'm gonna be gazing across God's country from an elevation of 5358 feet . 
Well I almost died today ... Climbing across vertical rock walls over a river ... And almost getting sucked away in the rapids ... That was one interesting date ! 
Happy rebirth day God ! 
First shower in two days felt nice ... Retreat was AMAZING !!! \MEN ! WHAT IS YOUR PROFESSION ? AH-OH AH-OH AH-OH ! \"" 
\Did you feel the darkness tremble ? When all the saints join in one song And all the streams flow as one river To wash away our brokenes \"" 
Officially the best fight movie ever ... MORTAL KOMBAT : The Movie ! hahahaha 
is doing something in < PROPFEMALE>'s room ... <3 
Thursdays suck ... just sayin ! 
'' Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footsteps on the < PROPFEMALE>'' 
my name is matcheuw and my satus has been jacked :P 
just had an AMAZING time at the beach playing \Dom-ball\ " lol now going to The Shack to watch the Sharks game with all of SLO's fans ! GO SHARKS !!! " 
AND THE SHARKS TAKE THE SERIES !!! LET'S GO SHARKS ( boom boom boom-boom-boom ) LET'S GO SHARKS ! 
Having a cold suck but the Needtobreathe ( kinda ironic with the cold ) concert was AMAZING ! One of the best show's i've ever been too for sure ! 
So a spider just propelled down from the roof and landed right on my phone ... Freaked me out ... 
rawr goes the dinosaur 
\What would it take for things to be quiet ? Quiet like the snow ? \"" 
somehow survived my Coms speech ... Was so nervous i don't remember speaking but apparently it was good 
5-hour energy = super crack 
Got used to working the 11-7am shift ... now i can't sleep ... fml ... tomorrow is going to be a long day at school 
Spent his last night in SLO line dancing :) good end to a long year 
Just realized how slow Lockwood life is ... I'm bored ...... 
just moved into his new place ! 111 mustang drive apartment 203 ! 
Chicken w/ garlic , pepper , pepperchinis , < PROPFEMALE > mushrooms , italian dressing , feta cheese , and chipolte tabasco sauce over rice = AMAZING !!! I think i should forget mechanical engineering and go to culinary school ! But now my stomach hurts cuz i ate too much ... 
Ah SLO you are almost home again ! This is definitely the happiest i've been in months ! < PROPFIRST > Powers and the White Collar with < PROPFEMALE > Walsh ! Only a few more days and the family will be complete . And BTW < PROPFIRST > McKalson and < PROPMALE > Pollock Garcia , I don't think i've ever laughed that hard at a trash can lol 
< PROPFIRST > LaneSUCKSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!! 
8am class canceled ... next class at 1:30 ... too bad i already started drinking coffee .... ugh no sleep for me 
Dear ants : I know it is hot outside ... I know you seek water ... but you have tread upon most holy ground , the bear's lair , the home of the porcelain throne , my bathroom . Though your first assault was a success , know this ... I am in it for revenge ! I will find you all and i will kill you ... 
\Kills the < PROPFEMALE > in 24 hours\ " Take that you dumb ho ! " 
147 and a second date , not a bad game of bowling ! 
Oh stupid beard mojo ! 
grocery shopping with the absotivily incedible Ces-face ! <3 <3 <3 :) 
Got some Nori ( seaweed ) from < PROPMALE>'s ... First try at homemade sushi tonight lol ... oh boy ! 
Dear < PROPFIRST > ( the mouse living in the back of my refrigerator ) , You are not paying your part of the rent , therefore this is your eviction notice . \ 
\ 
Dear person living next door , check your food supplies , i believe < PROPFIRST > has been recently shopping at your fine establishment but not paying for what he takes ... I will handle this injustice harshly ... 
learned today why the pancake mix says to only use 1/4 cup for each pancake ... I just put it all in my little 8 inch pan and almost overflowed it !... but i did make a super pancake so that's kinda cool 
Rule number one : when your computer is locked in your room with no one around it is still not safe to leave it logged in 
So ... I was watching this crazy psycho killer movie ... ( The Alphabet Killer-based on a true story ) when all of the sudden BAMMM BAMMM BAMMMM !!! On my door .... Freaked me out ! stupid drunk ppl had the wrong room ! 
GIANTS WIN !!!! GIANTS WIN !!!! World Series here we come ! 
So i need ideas for some sort of nonlethal trap ... < PROPFIRST > ( my roommate/mouse ) Keeps coming out to play even though i'm sitting right here .... I'm gonna get him somehow and make him my pet ! 
Look ! A wild Mousetrap appeared ! Go , < PROPFIRST > . < PROPFIRST > uses Bite . It's not very effective ... Mousetrap uses Snap . Super effective ! Critical Hit ! < PROPFIRST > fainted ... \ 
Matthew : 2 Household pests : 0 
Halloween ... Possibly my new favorite holiday ... Except for Christmas and Easter ... and Flag Day 
AND THE GIANTS WIN THE WORLD SERIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! STRIKE OUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just MADE Sushi for dinner ! Lol too much rice to make it an actual roll but it still was good ! I guess That's how you learn ... Sushi masterdom here i come ! 
Line dancing at the grad ... possibly the funnest thing ever invented ! 
'' Preach the gospel always , if necessary use words''- St. < PROPFIRST > 
Who would have thought that those twelve \critical thinking\ " questions would turn into an 8 < PROPFEMALE > 2200 word all-nighter ... AH SLEEP !!!!!!! " 
My new friends spun out right in front of me ... But the hour waiting for the tow truck was probably the funnest hour of the night ... Oh San < PROPMALE > ! 
What should i do right now ? I'm bored 
Oh sweet angel of mercy , with your grace like the morning , wrap you loving arms around me 
This is the point in rearranging my room is where I think to myself \What in the world have I gotten myself into ? \"" 
A revolution without dancing is a revolution not worth having ! 
So I feel like I may have ADD , i mean what are the clas ... So I saw this really great show on Hulu , there was this ... I think I <3 BOOBIES is a great way to go at getting donations for breast cancer , It's clever and i mean come on , who doesn't <3 Boobies ? I'm hungry , what should i make for din ... Hippos .... Anyone wanna hear a random fact ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Aguilera's new hit single -- The almost < PROPFEMALE > Spangled Banner ... 
And Shepherds we shall be\ 
For thee , my Lord , for thee . \ 
Power hath descended forth from Thy hand\ 
Our feet may swiftly < PROPFEMALE > out Thy commands . \ 
So we shall flow a river forth to Thee\ 
And teeming with souls shall it ever be . \ 
In Nomeni Patri Et Fili Spiritus Sancti 
believes he has come up with the proof to the nonexistance of alternate realities ... Oh alone time at the lake ... 
Just switched my facebook language to English ( Pirate ) .... Facebook just got that more awesome 
Got up at 6:30 for work at the lake ... and i just clocked out at my job for Cookie Fixx ... what a LONG day-off lol 
5 deliveries so far and a grand total of .... 1 dollar in tips ......... I hate college students ... lol 
is definitely going to be taking a picture with the Giants ' World Series Trophy tonight at Farmer's Market !!! 
Hmmmm .... that may explain why i've felt like crap today .... 101.5 temp will tend to do that .... ugh 
Just ate a $7200 meal .... \Free\ " BBQ at Mustang Village .... glad to know i'm so heavily rewarded for living here lol " 
Beware the ides of March ! 
\There's no such thing as a ten dollar bill ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Hope\ 
