1 ) I'm done with the look-at-me people . 2 ) ' finnished with the people who its not pratical to know . 3 ) ' giving no mind nor love to the ubdercover sluts .... note : the out-in-the-open ones are ok , ' cause they're a fuck-ton more secure . 4 ) paying no mind to \social games \"; all you who do are a waste . 5 ) done with the complaintive who are stagnant and expect remedy . l8 i'm out . " 

The necessity of sleep steals too much of my day . 
Sharing a public bathroom with a bum is a very humbling experience . 
I don't abject to fathers day . Its just that I don't like the idea of an obligation to care , when I don't need a day to remind me to love or care about someone . 
Closes eyes . ignores all . 
what ? no really what ? ' cause i just felt like it . 
Remember folks . A good idea , is a good idea , whether it comes from a short-skirted whore , or a well dressed man . 
Just so lush aren't we ? I wanna come and play . 
Damn my flesh jail must eat . 
The land-of-nod keeps kicking me out 
das ist fick-deine-mutterstadt 
Per aspera ad astra 
No complaints . The clock of life is still in working order . Tick Tick Tick ... 
du er stadig bare en pige der løber i byen igen , sig selv er let at glemme , kom < PROPFEMALE > , kom < PROPFEMALE > , kom hjem . 
fdaljdsflkjljskfj fddjfj fj klkliop . jdljalhin novnododo . 
And then again no . 
clouds roll apart , other parts of the sky come through , this all crackles my thoughts . Today I Learned I Have But One Face . 
whatcher pitch ? 
Florida makes the rotting process faster . Fuck this state . 
Right now its like i'm stuck in some typo of some play that makes delirium look like a sane option . ' Enjoying it . 
If I only had the time and money I would ............. HA 
Fucking right ... And this time we'll let it burn higher . 
I found my U.S Constellation coin . Kinda happy about that . 
Really all i need is a few million , then i can make this all work . I swear it . 
Backgammon . I'm considering going pro . 
Its raining I would say the sky is crying , but too sappy and not my style . But I do remember what today is . .................................................................................................... 
The biggest mistake I've ever made was considering this world as reasonable as I . 
fuck ... shovel ..... hole gets bigger . 
Ummmmmmmmmmmmmm No . 
Just cut the thread right ? Yea , that's right . 
O now how beautiful is intel ? Taking aim in regards , and moving forth . 
Not what I wished for , but at this point i'll have to take it . 
I get what this plan requires , and you can bet some that its over . 
It ain't nothing though . 
Who wants to hit up some Federal Reserve guarantied money ? 
If hungry flames growl from the stomics of hell ... Just give me what i want damn it . 
Kvlt as fvk 2day 
Life's trite disappointments are becoming less entertaining by the second . Fate and luck are such fucking children . 
Qucik look ... there's a rabbit in the sky , and the < PROPFEMALE>''s fix'en to become its eye . 
At the end point of time we all will be once were and yet never to be again . 
We've made too many left turns to make it right . 
pants check . dignity .. check .. gun .. fuck where did i put that thing . 
Inwardly the songs of chaos < PROPFIRST > with tongs of a dancing nonrhythmic holocaust , - Hell's jazz crackling out notes from molten brass . Outwardly , its all too fucking dull . I'm really starting to hate white walls , and the structure of any enterprise .. 
God judges , and the devil tempts . Those are their roles . In judgment there is not choice , yet in temptation there is . I'm liking the devil more and more every day . 
this time the fight is just for the top . So all generals stand this line . 
“I'm not upset that you lied to me , I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you” ~ Friedrich Nietzsche 
First you jump off the < PROPMALE > and you build wings on the way down . ~ < PROPFIRST > Bradbury 
I feel like this quote from ripily's game : \ hold this glasses .. if they brake i'll kill everyone on this train .. \ " well they broke " 
Whoever came up with fairness was a jack-ass . I propose dis-eugenics . 
I guess the scale fluctuations have halted , and weighed ten steps backwards . It's just everyone has been doing things for all the wrong reasons . on a side note , why does pedo-bear not have a cock ? no im not joking , it makes not sense . 
purpose taste like human skin . 
I've come to the conclusion that the best writers are the ones who use the smallest words . salinger , Hemingway , Camus ... 
Ok so i was on A1A when this cock-sucker tried to brake 2 lanes , the far left being mine , and my car .. well was right in his path .. so i slammed on my brakes , hit the horn , and strung curse words together as my chick-fillet fries flew all over my car ( this is when i lost it ) . HE frantically went right and aimed his car at a gas station . i got out of my car and yelled ... and decided to not go further . 
While all you are out tricker treating .. i'll be around the real dead at the hospital , working . FAKE ASSES . :P 
parching time to filch and hour . 
I'm not going to give this back , because its the only thing i got left of you . On a side note . < PROPFIRST > don't bite that apple . 
Smiles . Amused that you think I care enough to notice . OR worse , that i cared enough to notice and tell you I did . Well I noticed . And i'm telling you bc i'm polite , and you fished for it . 
Bitches need to learn to stop lying . Or come up with more fun ones . 
For some reason every mental task today has been extra easy . Must be the sleep . 
Year of the Wood Rat here . I'm good on these days 13 or 12 .. its all the same . L8r gotta jet . 
Now is the winter of our discontentMade glorious summer by this son of York ; And all the clouds that low'r'd upon our houseIn the deep bosom of the ocean buried . 
He wanted to give the Russians a taste of their own medicine . \ -- < PROPFIRST > Evans ( on Fischer ) ... ' Thinking of him today " 
my facebook is in swedish ? no joke , and i can't figure out why ... or how i know its swedish .... and i really don't understand how in the fuck i am actually reading it . 
I have 238 pages of variations to memorize . why did i every become interested in 64 squares and 32 pieces . 
Cappy kung-fu movies always puts me in a good mood . 
Option me out . the next 20 something days are mine . 
\The only thing on the mind of a shark is his teeth . \"" 
thinking about a possible < PROPFEMALE > hangover . 
i love the people who came up with free roll poker . 10 more dollers for an online bank roll/// started with 0 goal is 10k 
Fuck work , fuck this sore throat , and fuck this internet speed . 
pokerstars is really pissing me off with not allowing me in my account shit . 
I'm still crack'en your straight-faced lies , people . Keep'em com'en 
I keep my crass verbiage on tuck , readily awaiting an opportunity to charge the bonds of social norms , so that fearless eyes may see what was hiding , - a clearer image of this fuzzy truth most claim they care for . But don't think this me , yet in a sense think it somewhat the below quoted idea : 
\ .. heavy about everything but my love . \ " I need to retreat to a remote part of some forgotten place for an uncertain amount of time . " 
Good thing sleep is < PROPFEMALE > ing on me before < PROPFEMALE > does . 
Passed out only to fuck his sleeping pattern again . 
Meilleurs vœux ! ok so i've decided that this will be my next language to learn . I half hate the idea too . But all my fav movie and fav books were first done in it . All and all it can't be bad to know . adieu . 
This rain is fucking rediculous . 
tourney at 2332 ... forex stuff at o3oo .. sleep .. and the plan is to get up before 10 
fav song = choices by anger fist . ' cause fav movie is devils advocate 
< PROPFIRST > Milton : Don't get too cocky my boy . No matter how good you are don't ever let them see you coming . That's the gaffe my friend . You gotta keep yourself small . Innocuous . Be the little guy . You know , the nerd ... the leper ... shit-kickin ' surfer . Look at me . Underestimated from day one . You'd never think I was a master of the universe , now would ya ? 
Dear Satan , I still have a soul ; Are you interested ? P.S I know a good contract lawyer . 
finsh up this poker tourney ( looks like i'll fin in the top 72/9000 ) , sleep , then get up and go to work for 3 hours . 
Sometimes , I wish I could not figure out what I do . ! /2 proud of myself and the other 1/2 iratated . well its their fault and I'm done . 
won a badugi poker tourney today ... oddist game ever . back to nl hold'em 
First it was the arrow to the rabbit in the < PROPFEMALE > , then it was rocket to the sky . Well , fuck all of ya and die . 
O mihi praeteritos referat si Iuppiter annos . 
my head feels funny 
Gyönyör ? MAGYAR Lányok 
day 32 . 80 percent wins . @92 i'll consider going pro . ( kicks self in head ; don't risk all on one hand in tournys ... ) 
my imaginary friends keep dying on me 
I sware to god there are 2 other people living in my head . 
global warming ? 
I'm exhausted , - almost something like being extinct . ' Shutting eyes now . 
making headway . framework complete for the articles of incorporation . ... sleep and then back to work . 
some sort of sickness has my nose set drip . work is 60 hours this week . I can't belive how lazy i used to be .. and how much i've actually gotten done in the past 2 days . goal of the day ... set up notions for trade structure .. and find a new and good god damn broker . 
yawn ... 
\sometimes i think i shuould go completely illegaly\ " ~ mike skinne " 
im no good at counting stars . 
this is for all who call an allin with 7 2 off suit and win : FUCK YOU 
I just found out that i'm stupid good at pot-limit omaha . 
violating copyrights 
me playing plo = not even fair . an occupation ? possibly . pamorama towers is the destinatoin 
\it can't be done . no stop . \ " well it being done . moving up quick " 
guess i'm on my way . 
I figured out everything . I'm mean every fucking thing . 
breathing in the < PROPFEMALE > ratio 1.6180339887498948482 
somehow last night , i chiped the fuck out of my tooth ... and i think i swallowed some of it cause my throat is sore . 
remember kids if you want to be good at something , you better be ready to kill . 
I took that risk ; I thought it was going to take me , but i still went for it . The situation favored me without my knowlage . The end . On another story : I went to go see about a girl . 
That atomic bomb dream keeps waking me , and for a few secounds after i thinkmy arms are melting in with my bed sheets . I Hate my imagination at the moment . 
If a fraction of you is better than the whole of me , then why do you think to try and prove it is necessary ? You can act out and I'll hold back . After your done I'll stick my toung out and watch you trip over it . 
Football season is over by hunster s tompson No More Games . No More Bombs . No More Walking . No More Fun . No More Swimming . 67 . That is 17 years past 50 . 17 more than I needed or wanted . Boring . I am always bitchy . No Fun – for anybody . 67 . You are getting Greedy . Act your old age . Relax – This won’t hurt . 
drink , drink , drink , drunken , I drank till I'm now toasty , then saw my insidies . YUM 
Ich hab kein plan . Ist das klar ? 
jeder der das liest ist ein zurueckgebliebener ! 
i could sleep .... but ...... no i have better ideas . 
I never asked for salvation . I never asked for < PROPFEMALE > , perfection , or solace . I never wanted for karmic justice . But now that I see the horror of what all this means , I will for the fires of hell to rise up and for me to partake in its consumption of all this \meaning . \"" 
Hail satan 
I wish there was a scope to see past the here , or a catastrophe to liven up the now . The sour smell of iron in red slick fluid would derail my thoughts off this boredom . 
mighty glad to stay . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCENBce_dls&feature=related 
i'm at work , and im still drunk . 
trait pour trait 
i've been breaking even against the mofit backgammon game all night . i'm all about this shit . 
I love whoever's idea it was for windows in cars .... drive by milkshakespalting cops cars at 1am = fucking epically awsome . 
< PROPFIRST > if you were trapped on a desert island ... wait trapped ? eoo vacation hu ,. when's the flight ? ... I fucking hate you ... Thanks dude , but srsly where are the tickets ' cause it ain't cool to tease . ( dirty look ) 
on the ball like < PROPFIRST > . 
Thinking about buying into a 20 dollar tourney for some quick spending monie$ . 
is missing someone . 
0 sleep . work at 7 . :( 
5 < PROPFEMALE > of work left . Then its to home for a few heads up matches . Bed . Heads up matches again . Work . Then off for 36 hours . 
yawn , streach , bang a fall out of bed . ow my fucking head . 
chazen out 
consistency , It'll make you eff'en mad . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MBOV8WzH-oY&feature=player_embedded 
there're makeing us wear suits at work now . 
I've deleted 85% of my freinds . 
This overcast at this time with this temperature and humidity = perfect . \ 
\ 
I've only had 4 cigarettes today , kinda messes me up , but the 5 hour energy drinks counter act the withdraws nicely . 
\human all too human . \ " And the illusion is ? " 
yawn ... sleepy ...... 
pretty pretty panda . im so pretty . 
Still working on getting my poker account un-frozen . They think im cheating . 
ousting 
pokerstars now says that ill be able to play after the 10 day investigation is over ... srsly im moving to fulltilt 
Has learnd that certain people he knows are full of shit . And feels pissed that they think that they could hide it . 
Its the English language mate , or American speak/talk man . Get the difference in your skull thx 
God's the biggest cock tease . 
I'm not but only a few hours out of work , and my roommate ignites the front porch and then his hand ... guess where he is now . At my work . 
Last time i checked my head was not this undespondent .... kinda nice coming a few degrees away from that bad thing . Just how much more till complete separation and then forgetfulness's effects amped strong to level black-spoted-forever-fucker ? 
Its stuck between a notion and enough synapses to be considered a thought , - this thing that I'm preset as ... or well , rather , to become . 
ok so i almost gave up playing poker today ... but i went on a sick run ... i just have to remember to play like that , just like that .... 
+ 115.32 percent on the day ... 70 < PROPFEMALE > in the making . keeping on tilt control . 
CMND/CTRL 
4 days till the world cup starts ....... Thank whatever god is left ... 
Fuck my job . 
aq , aq , aq -> set z ... fuck shit up ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0VxnKgjsAZM&feature=related 
planning on a 12-15 hour poker session tomorrow . 
I'll admit it : I'm a fail-victim to my own numerical illogic . I ignored all I knew about the subject of getting money off others , and odds , and did it all anyways . Lesson relearned . \ 
\ 
ooo today the world cup starts .... eff yesss sir . 
Und für immer was ? 
I think even if I gave it a considerable effort , wonderment would never again find a place in my mind . And this does not make me sad , it just makes it all easier . Now when joy or happiness graces me , its not something that needs to be explored , its something that I can sit back and relax on . Now when depression or disgust hits me , I can react easily to change things . As if its all observation instead of exploration . 
Ich bin unzensiert . Alles klar ? 
\I want my oxycotin prascription . \ " \ 
Shalalalala !!!!!! Sup world ... I'm awake ... 14 hour sleep ... Much needed . 
sleep ... awake in 3 hours for the < PROPMALE > game . 
I NO LONGER HAVE FAITH IN GOD ... FUCK GERMANY 
I'm not down for wasting time anymore . 
Is not feeling like himself . This is a good thing . 
They went from drunk to down's syndrome in under 5 mins ... \ 
on another note : Happy Summer Solstice everyone . 
I was humming the < PROPMALE > the red .. well you know .. and it dawned on me , most of the are stripper names . And one stoner name . kinda messed up . \ 
Dasher•Dancer•Prancer•Vixen•Comet•Cupid•Donner•Blitzen•Rudolf 
Hey if anyone i know believes that the world ends on dec 21st 2012 , tell me . I going to throw a party in the next week or so , and i've come up with this great fruit-punch thats absolutely undeniably killer . The party will only be for the ones who believe the truth for what is to come , or on the fence about it . And the punch too , thats only for you guys .... I won't drink the punch bc i want there to be plenty for all . 
Lights are blinding my eyes ... People pushing by , and walking off into the night . 
crush 
And what have we learned ? 
I plan on committing a sin . . . 
loads to do today .... 
13 hrs of sleep . I really needed that . 
I need food . Someone go with me !! 
Needs a new job . One that is actually conducive to living . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s players are a buntch of donks . 
http://www.cnn.com/2010/LIVING/07/03/mf.baby.naming.laws/index.html?hpt=C2 
I think the computer age will devour any symbolence of human connection . And I'm just gonna keep on typing . 
I'm really happy the world cup is almost over ; Soon these people who have been pretending to know and all of a sudden become fans will dissipate . 
laugh . If only I could accommodate my will . 
was going to play in a plo tourny @ 0340 ... tooo sleepy and have to be up early to do some promises . NIGHT ! 
cuz wez bez carbon based alchemy . 
come on spain . kill those retards . 
Time to attempt a few rem cycles . \ 
. 
Its going to go : work ( 2300 -0730 ) , home , sleep 3-4 hours , tourneys , then hopefully I can stay awake to enjoy the 30 some odd hours I have left away from work . 
Every night before < PROPMALE > noris goes to s < PROPFIRST > p , he checks under his bed in fear of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . 
Over slept , and missed the first 2 tournys of the day . It feels like its a bust . Getting in on the 730 one here in a few . 5 place pay-out only . I'll prob get 6th . 
C6-H10-N2-O4 is back . 
Last day working days . This is a good thing . 
xxxzxczx me but i feel like o fux ... X_X 
After looking through multitudes of girls ' profiles on irc-galleria , i'm now wondering why i'm not living in finland . 
Its so hard to dance when the system has got no low end . No subs - means no love - means no fun . 
The funniest thing about quiting smoking is that you can't do anything right during the withdrawls , including writting such simple trash as this right , but you sure as hell can get angery land a perfect puntch on a bumbs face as he trys to take your money in a parking lot . 
Ist es die Kikk Kikk Kikk \ 
oder die Clap Clap Clap \ 
oder der Neid der dich zersägt 
I'm off tomarrow . Planning on doing some chess , then im free . < PROPFIRST > coffee ? < PROPMALE > lunch and mabey coffee with < PROPFIRST > ? < PROPFEMALE > and andrey anything ? srsly i wish not to get bored . 
I drank but couldn't seem to get myself drunk enough . I looked at smut but couldn't seem to get myself to care enough to unzip . I took a ride to find scenery but found myself missing other places . I went to read a short story ( blowing up ) but decided that i don't give a shit about the boy the girl or the photographer . And you might think that I'm sad or something , but really Im confused as to why Im happy about it all . 
I'm sober again ... I'm going to make this day full . 1 ) workout . 2 ) coffee :) 3 ) get lunch . 4 ) call people . And if i can't fill the hours with that , I'll drive north until i feel like turning around . 
well i feel better . 
Hmm .. I don't think I can expect much out my thoughts - for them to be translated into will and so into action - if kept so underfed and meager . 
ya hochu kushat . SUKKA ! 
how come when ppl from ny are in groups they have to repeat everything atlest 2wise . \ 
srsly STOP IT ! 
Fuckers . Your white trash ass does not suddenly develop a higher degree of class because you slapped some Channel or Gucci on . You still don't know the difference between \I would like .. \ " and \ " I should like .. \ " and that's just sad . BTW ppl from nyc are bs ... People from kings are the only ones that don't piss me off . " 
Ok srsly whoever wants to start a business doing whatever ( hedge funds , bar , ect ) hit me up . Please do it in a way thats in accordance with its content . Like don't pm me if its going to have the fbi at my door . I don't want to deal with that again . :P 
opening statement : HA !!! end statement : HAHAHA !!! 
work 6:30 - 2:30 am . home . sleep . wakie wakie . shave head . work . sleep . wakie wakie . work . daysss off . 
I don't feel too good . 
I feel better . 
The illustrious < PROPFIRST > J . Pearson has deigned to help me with my petty troubles . 
Food ! 
No sleep and now its past the time to get sleep . workout . food . coffee . call < PROPFIRST > sometime . bookstore . then planning how i'm going to get drunk . 
< PROPFEMALE > aber ich bin nicht . 
der , der deine Schwester verführt hat . \ 
der , der dauernd sex mit dem beat hat . 
They say that they built this world to eventually achieve peace . That all men were created equal . Yet all one has to do is take a quick hick up to the corner store and talk to a few people to understand thats not true . So where does it leave us to know that all are different in rank ? Back to war ? Frankly I don't care , do what you want ; I just want to serve as one menacing smart-ass that cracks open your fabrications 
I'm uberbored 
I'm hungry . Who wants to eat with me ? 
12 hour shift today ... 1900 - 0700 tomarrow . I'm opposed to this , but my bosses don't seem to care about the health of their employees . I honestly hope i get a seizure while on the clock . O < PROPFEMALE > ich weiss das ist scheisse . 
Gaaw . FUCK . - Something that expresses this level of ... Well what I mean to say is ... Ok so here's what happend ... Actually just forget about it its a bad idea to tell you anyway . 
Off to work . Sohn eines preachermann . Stomp . Stomp . Clap . Clap . 
Strange dreams . Fuck you past . 
I'm trying to put something togeather for thursday . If anyone has any interest in participating in the construction of an event on said day , tell me bellow . 
Delusional fucks . \ 
On a separate but kind of related note , if Obama is elected again after he has shown this level of stupidity , I'm off - out of this country . 
yAAAAAAAA its my day off ... wait whats that you say ? I have to go into work for an 8 hour class , and the next day as well ? Who's useless idea is this ? 
@ work 
A day off with no complaints . 
Yea I see , and certainly not . Thank ya much . But I'll depart for now . 
Played tennis . The new < PROPFEMALE > castles is great . Off to work . 
Everything just changed . 
I got the biggest goddamn headache 
What's long , black , and hangs infront of an asshole ? \ 
a stethoscope . 
Looking up flights to Crotia and Hungary ... Rain drops on roses and whispers on kittens . 
I discovered today , after a long duration of disillusionment , that my head is actually screwed on . Confirmations have my assumptions accurate , and thus I've gained wisdom . 
2hrs & 54min . 
Motherfucker thats unsymmetrical too . 
Listening to blackmetal makes me hungry 
Blog og blek 
' Dead tired and I'm going into the ER for a 12hr shift during labor day weekend . Great . I'm going to ask every drunk / high / MVA styled patient if they know why labor day was created . 
I might beable to get some sleep soon . Mabey ? 
good day . Poker : ' made some sick calls . \ 
... a bit of rest later , and I almost feel tip-top . 
A countenance more in sorrow than in anger 
I've got some amazing friends . Just say'n 
Us Sagittarius-rats have it though , even our luck is somehow our curse . Just putting that out there . 
feel like crap . but i played some amazing poker earlier this morning . food time soon .. i hope ... 
lol i was down for the day until i won 11 straight heads up matches . 
Well , no more waist of time ? I get caught up in the madness of it all too easily . 
Famished Felines Feigning For Fresh Fish . Eskimos Eating Eatable Escargot . Hungry Hungarians Hoarding Horseradish . FUCK KLAR NEED FOODDDD 
Get up , or get down . 
Of course , most heroes are unsung . 
Today i have insanity on drip . 
It does not matter if you get it , it matters what I said . 
I just realized that I'm just not interested . 
Deine Katzte ist ? ein Hurensohn 
I work just 12 hour shifts . This is a half good thing . 4 days off , but omg standing ppl for that long is a big test for me . schedule is nice though sun , mon , and thurs well technically sun-mon , mon-tus , thurs-fri . my life will be 100 percent afternoon and night now . 
! 2 hours of work , then 48 hours off . 
\I need this parade like I need a F'ing hole in my head . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy " 
\What the fuck was that ? \ " - Mayor of Hiroshima " 
... of white skin on red leather . 
I like where you stand on this issue that's facing us , - right in front of my speeding car . * squints eyes , squeezes wheel , kicks down pedal * Good bye < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . ( < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is the possum that I think is somehow finding its way in my attic . ) 
Needs a new job . 
Ok I know I'm going to get alot of shit for this ... \ 
BUT ... \ 
I hate old jews more than i do possibly anything else i have ever encounterd . 
I way overslept . 
Remember upon the conduct of each depends the fate of all . \ 
< PROPFIRST > the Great 
My Throat is on fire . I have no idea why . i think im allergic to cats , or maybe just life . Who the fuck knows ? 
http://www.guba.com/watch/3000116883/Derren-Brown-The-System 
1.33 hours until sleep . 
This level of stupidity just hit the fucking stratosphere . 
cough cough cough cough . fuck .. cough cough cough cough . needs food . 
2.55 hours until i can be home . in bed . 
It's bad . We're hit , man , we are hit . = my new fav song . 
52 mins then i can get home . Play on sit'n go then sleep . 
work . 
When I get home I'm going to play a few sit and goes and watch my fav movie . Work Sucks SOOO GD much . 
1.05 hrs left of work . Then its going to be a full day . 
Not much sleep . Did pretty well at the tourney - 4th . ' Learned a lot ; met some really interesting people from a place in Africa I've never heard ; so productivity ends now for now , - done with poker for today , going to go drink and do computer shit . 
Ya , wow ... wtf ... car shit . headache . too much shit to do . overslept . FAWCKKKK 
I'm getting that odd sensation where you can feel bits of you're brain even though its neurologically impossible to do so . I'm gonna make genius moves tonight . Then bed . Maybe bed . 
I just discovered < PROPFEMALE > Bardot ... OMG SOOO goood ... 
got flu shot ... see how this goes . 
I hate sleepp .. I really fucking do ... // oo btw god if you are out there and all i would really like a job that is on par with my abilities . im just saying and all . ooo and lotto is cool too . or mabey some money for a hedge fund .... you know im good at that shit ... anyway . ....... fuck . 
I got that sick twisted feeling all day ... Lets see what actions stem from this . 
I'm bored with life . I need something new to explore . 
How is It 5:30 pm right now ? ... When the fuck did this happen ? 
I'm sure I'm not the only one who hates this , but i really hate this : when people hold up their drinks in pictures ... 
Eventually never . 
Almost got it figured out . 
hello weather . 
I apologize to the world . I know what I've been doing wrong ; I've enjoyed the addiction of taking the incalculable situation . I think its partly due to me finding bad in that calculable ones , partly because I wanted everything NOW , and thus completely gambling with life without knowing the odds . Like me taking certain jobs over school , or like me calling allins in poker when I'm just not sure ... 
It all just clicked . 
\They\ " make so much money a year off such vague statements as this . Well \ " they\ " usually have a follow up statement like \ " turn page ;\ " me well .... " 
christ kids ... u wana play play poker play harder .... srsly 
T - 40min . Then Sleep . Then reading . Then something ... Maybe food . \ 
Side note : I hate drinking and what it does to people ; It might be a good idea for me to just give it up all together , so I have the chief excuse not to go out and witness things I dislike . Well actually I'm thinking once in awhile is fine . Like on vacation , in a foreign land ... Yea , I'll leave this one like that . 
YAWN !!! sleepy ... pop a caffeine pill ... Awake , nowWork for a 12 hrHome sleepall over again ... Then tus , wed Grind fest .. In between , coffee . Then .. Grind it out some more 
Ima be a Monster soon rawrrrr .... no really . 
Wo ist mein kroko 
Who's wise idea was it to put me in this reality ? I mean It really has a way of making one regret every breath they've taken . 
Has anyone heard that dumb-ass creationist argument about how evolution can't be bc god made the banana to fit so well in ones hand . well if so read this ... its fucking funny . \ 
http://www.damninteresting.com/the-unfortunate-sex-life-of-the-banana#more-971 
For all of you big government fans , and communist fanatics read this and think\ 
http://www.damninteresting.com/the-heroes-of-sars 
+ 702.35% the first night . 
+ 984.12% 2 days . 
Hunting for food ... Its been awhile ... Coffee as a substitute for adequate sleep ... Maybe some PLO later ; Its been going well . 
Going to go get a book for later , although I don't think I'll get much use out of it today . Then Its back home to attempt sleep again , before work . 
x : < PROPFIRST > , you just don't take life seriously enough . \ 
me : No . I just don't take yours or anyones else's seriously . 
so far Gravity's Rainbow is the best book I've read . 
5 more hours of this crap , then its back to real work . 
4.5 hrs ... only to break even ... fuck ... 
Up 800 something percent in 15 < PROPFEMALE > .. feels good ... break time . 
up + 294.11% in 1.5 hrs . That makes it + 1,647 . 05% up over all for this week .... 
Better come much bigger than this ... OOO dark < PROPFEMALE > spend another day with me .... \\m/ 
wow .. today .. just wow 
I only have 48 < PROPFEMALE > left of work ... honestly the waiting kills me .. 
Bank roll up . I'm still awake .. fucking work today and tomorrow ... I should get some sleep ; I played for about 19hrs today . 
Played 46 heads up matches , and won 35 ..... Breath out big ... I'll smile now . 
HOW THE FUCK DO I HAVE THIS MUCH MONEY IN MY ACCOUNT ... SOMETHING IS WAY THE FUCK OFF .... 
My career of choice - pirate 
2010 MOH album = EVILSHIT ! 1 !! 
I want a front row seat to nuclear war right now ... 
Alot to do later today ... eff me . 
Poker tourney at the Kennel club tonight .. hopefully I can get locked in , and focused . 
A few heads up matches in 3 hrs .. ' won them all . Now its off to work - 12 hrs of pure hell . 
I'm not on this planet to make friends , but I must say somehow I've ended up with some of the best . 
I'm easily one of the top 10 people ever to play PLO . The reads/ moves I've made in that past hour .. LOL ... well , God wishes he could . 
Jetzt , ich muss schlafen . 
If this feeling persists I'm going to undergo some very noticeable psychological changes . On another note , fuck that wikilinks guy . 
this lack of sleep shit .. im seeing things .. 
This blurry-eyed < PROPFEMALE > burst of sleep shit has me zombified . I feel delusional . Somehow I got me thinking . Its probably not a good idea to be delusional and thinking , but I was doing it anyway . If I can function in this state , and I've functioned with seemingly similar behavior outside of this state , how delusional was i before ? Or have I been at that level of insanity that's the celling ? O well ... on with the errands 
' feeling much better today . 
Was du hast ? 
Ok I won a ticket to a tourney for sun the 26th .. but i work ... so if anyone wants to play on fulltilt for me ill give you 1/2 the money won ... I had to get first in another tourney to get the ticket and now am stuck with it . - i did not read when it was going to be ... 
Es ist kalt ... so ... ich bin mit mein jungs und wir tanzen im kreis , \ 
in lederjacke es ist heiß man , \ 
viele steh`n hier nur rum , doch wir tanzen im kreis\ 
denn nur so kriegen wir die weiber , 
I'm up . 
Here's a fucking idea : don't come to the hospital for stupid shit . 
Yawn ... you all bore me . 
Trying out russian beer ; getting ready for the russian new year . 
Thank you for the bj , girl i never got the name of . 
tron tomarrow at what looks like 10 ... and then more b-day shit .... tell me if you are in bc i think we are going to do something before , and then plan a after . 
x : Have a kind word for everyone , and mean it . \ 
Me : Mean it , as in make it mean ? \ 
x : No , mean it as in In mean well . \ 
Me : No , I like mine better , I'ma mean my kind words up a few levels . For example :\ 
What do you mean do you look fat in that dress ?... Dress ? I thought that was a very colorful tarp . Its no wonder it fits you . \ 
x : You're a fucking ass-hole\ 
Me : Are those your kind words that you \mean ? \ " \ 
I feel too uncomfortable for life . 
marry Christmas . this one was actually something to remember . 
i would like to thank Ilari Ziigmund Sahamies ... you prob gave me a living . 
yawn ... ' cold is making me sleepy . 
I would love to stay up for the next 20+ more hrs and play ... but i have to go to work @ 7pm , so I'm off to bed . 
convo with myself\ 
me : hey ill sit , i got a few mins before i have to get ready . \ 
Me : good idea . \ 
buy in and yada yada\ 
First hand im button\ 
Me : ill trip bet it .. \ 
me : wtf reraise this early on , ill show them ( rereraised)\ 
Me : you mother effer ... ok well you cant have anything good first hand in , ill push all-in my 2345 has to be good .. \ 
flop : 264 \ 
Me : woho told you ( yelling at screen)\ 
turn k\ 
river 7\ 
does dance 
FUCKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHY CAN'T I FUCKING SLEEP !!!! 
Black out - Crushed under the gravity of sleep - Nature failed biology , I swear it . Resets are not useful in this so little of time . 
Excuse me but let me explain . I don't hate you or your stupidity . I hate that I have to deal with it . So if I have to deal with it , you have to deal with my hate for it ... ok now we can proceed sir . 
Say I'm sick . Say it backwards 
Why do main stream American rappers steal their themes and beats from the < PROPMALE > ones ? BTW Monster In Mir is one hell of am album . 
Who's down for some racquetball sometime this week ? 
A few things . 1 ) why does everyone have herpes ? I'm going to remain celibate until I get out of this country ; stats for getting an std are too high here . 2 ) These nicotine withdrawals coupled with the possible busyness of the er tonight , might end poorly for some whiny little shit fuck . 
You can find the soul of < PROPFEMALE > under a beermat . 
+ 300 percent of total bank roll ( br ) profit , with 20 percent br exposer maximum at any given time , done in 2 days with casual play . ' Guess I'm back . 
bye bye Jets !! 
Ok sure open up a pawn attack ... perfect possitional played .... owned complletely ....... 
LOL game against a grandmaster level player .... ended in draw ... 
Who wants to do something . I'm bored off my ass , and pissed , so you know ill be a blast . 
bank roll up 400 percent in 2 weeks ... all heads up holdem ... happy me 
Welp this makes it the 18th heads up match i've won in a row . 
Back out from creeping into myself ; discovering dynamics that have always been in play , but remained unnoticed until now . 
Alors on danse . 
Finish up here at work , then its home for a little HU while i skip sleep ' cause its just nonesense . 
fuckers just can't count . 
Enough is enough , i just wana go home . 
502% in 1.5 weeks . 
+ 489.67% in 1.25 hrs , with 8.33% exposure of BR . 
I'm almost to the 1k percent < PROPFIRST > , br buyin . i have to work the next to days , so it break from poker time . 
Captain's log stardate 64619.3 : Earth = kinda cool . U . S . A = tolerable for small bits of time . Florida = should be nuked and forgotten about . 
holy shitballz ... ctrl+z pls ? 
Someone left a copy of Slavoj Zizek's Violence at the hospital . Having nothing to do , as I was done with my work , I went through the first 2 chapters ... then I placed it neatly in a trashcan . 
target profit for 2 days hit in 1 ... bonus is for tomorrow . 
i'm so fucking lucky . holy shit ..... got soooooo deep ... 4 outs 1/2 my fucking bankroll on the line , fucking nailed the 10 for the straight .... sooo fucking sick .... im up alot since 2 weeks ago . 
Damn head cold . 
Das ist blaulicht . 
a 15 < PROPFEMALE > nap ... and i feel as though its onward to conquer the Persians , the Babylonians , the Indian trips and further past the mountains and to the uncharted ... O fuck nm wrong aeon . 
My attitude is celibate -just don't give a fuck . 
I m done ... with all of you . 
Off to jury duty today . For some reason I feel this to be a bad idea . 
HOLY SHIT HI/LO PLO is GREAT ! 
End of story . 
Look , it's not in my nature to be mysterious , but I can't talk about it , and I can't talk about why . \ " , 2011-02-25 09:55:08 " 
yawn just getting up here at 2049hrs . coffe time i guess . 
work hu ....? 
watching < PROPFEMALE > wars at work ... cool 
went for a drive to get sleepy ... did not work ... crap ! 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Skinner for all the good times ... I'm just really sad this will be the last of me awaiting your new tracks . My fav till graves end . 
who wants to go get nachos with me ? 
@ work ... no fun . 
who wants to do stuff tonight !!!!!! >>>> 
Bare en pige 
Does anyone have a surfboard i can barrow ...? 
Check out this hand ... read bellow 
Today was nice . Ended up +UP , $wise . Ozzie help with his observations ; which teaches me something about considering different things than I usually do . 
bare en pige . bare en smuk animeret hul . Hvor syg er det , at jeg elsker et spil mere , at det ? 
FUCK ... my tum tum , it itchs for some swedish meat balls ... 
Work's for suckers . 
Really Aggravated 
really people get better 
Less than an hr of work to go feels so good . 
My USD/JPY , position long , is + . Aswell is my USD/NOK , position short . I'll give it till all markets close . 
| My friends list is about to get one number smaller . 
I got to use < PROPMALE > at work .... 3 TIMES TODAY ... YAY !!!! 
Impotent message ! for the birds\ 
After witnessing the cat being attacked by an odd team of four birds from two different sup-species , I've decided to fallow the recent example of the United Nations and declare the immediate aerial about my residence a no fly zone . Only thing is Im not as sophisticatedly armed ; I'm armed like a caveman - sticks and stones . But the rebel feline will be protected . 
There is nothing so distant than the recent past ! 
.... and now 12hrs of work with something in my eye , something that i can't find , and something that the doc cant find . This is fucked up . 
I've fixed the eye issue , finally . Lets see if I can stay awake . I've got 2 pots brewing ... and I might need more . 
Today , shadows creep not into this soul . 
You ppl trip me out . Please do develop a taste for a certain water sport . 
If one more person tries to convert me this year , for Christmas , I will be constructing a taxidermied nativity scene ! This is your finally warning . 
too sick ... no ac ... fucking bullshit . 
YAY FOR AC !!!!!! IMA SPEND THE WHOLE DAY INSIDE !! 
Too easy drill Sargent !!!! 
LOL for got about the money i had on my OTHER poker account up like 230percent on that on . heads-up where its at . 
Its nights like this @ work that make me can't wait . 
Science was cool when I was like 10 ; when Jarassic park and all came out . So I used to be ' bout the zilla , right ? Now I'm ' bout the skrilla . 
my phone is in richards car . and hes in Tallahassee\ 
so if you call\ 
i will not answer . 
With all this GOV . V.S Online poker jazz ive decided to make a twitter to keep up with how its effecting other players . So I'm now on twitter ... fuck 
Pissed ... up ... But Pissed 
Damn I feel superodd . 
YAWN . AND . OUT . 
work work work ... worst job ever . 
Got Free money from bodog somehow ... Ran it up 200 and something percent ( yet to run the actual calculation ) in like 3hrs using 1/3rd of the money . \ 
I may not be a doctor , but I know I'm just sick . 
dling boardwalk empire ! 
After all that transpired on easter , I've concluded never to drink unless I have good reason , or am on vacation . 
' Watched 12 hours straight of boardwalk empire . Now I'm waiting for season 2 ... holy shit that was good . 
I need more sleep , much more sleep . 
Good news : I don't have viral meningitis . Its just stress . 
To the one trying to best me : I don't care ... None of this yelds anything I want . 
I need a fuckton of sleep . 
Quote of the night :\ 
guy1 falls\ 
guy2 : \ahahah epic fall\ " \ 
Um , + 3815.75% , 3hrs ? WTF ??? Sick life :) Cashout = pending review . :) x10 
Shavehead ... 1/2clean room ( other 1/2 tomorrow ) .. laundry .. then food . YAY 
Bumsen dich - Nein 
Thor !!! at sometime tomorrow . 
I hate my boss , she reminds me of boss nass < PROPMALE > of the gungans . I might just have to kill her . 
5.5 hrs of work left :) 
The effing computers here @ work can suck it ! 
The workday is dragging by horribly , dragging by horribly , dragging by horribly , dragging by horribly , dragging by horribly , dragging by horribly , dragging by horribly , dragging by horribly , dragging by horribly ......... 
Some sleep ... food .. buy < PROPFEMALE > vs capcom 3 ... play ... Plan more stuff\ 
k im off to get some food before it all . 
HOLY SHIT FUCK EVERYONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
its either give up all emotional stability for what would bring most complete emotional stability , or be content and never gain shit . \ 
id rather be completely be in veins-on-fire mode than wake up and realize i've given into mediocrity . 
FOOOOOOOOOOOOD ! 
YAWN !!! going to need caffine . 
Has anyone else ever noticed that the acura symbol and the starfleet insignia look simular ? Does that mean jean-luc picard is a japanese made bioroid ? I'm too confused to watch this show right now , ima have to go back to reading gilgamesh . sooooo sooooo odd . 
I just got a really strange feeling ... 
my veins just went superfuckingnova !!!!!!! dear fucking lord what is going on ? 
up alot ... but nothing means nothing . 
0 hell 0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uct5MTdViXo 
LOL @ COMPUTER VIRUSES . ' RUNNING IN SAFEMODE . I'LL FIX THIS LATER . 
SICK LIFE . 
... out back counting stars 
Yawn . ' need a diff job soon . 
I want to disappear to Iceland . 
An unintentional nap has left me hungry and annoyed . Sleep , you catch me at the worst possible times ; get with my rhythm please ... ' Missing some people . Damn dreams . 
Almost no sleep again , but I got to read quite a bit . 
I have a black elephant named Tron . :) 
Spawn : the dark ages . That's what I found slid under my door when I woke up . I always did enjoy the complexity of Spawn , particularly the moral complexity . Thanks < PROPFIRST > Huchet . Srsly best comic I've read . 
The sky looked sad . 
Working sucks . \ 
Im going to start slinging crack . 
When I have nothing to do , I feel like I missing out . Who wants to do ... almost anything ? 
Got lunch . Vid games/ backgammon . We are all lushes today . < PROPFIRST > Reck , < PROPMALE > Newlon , Riandi Karlsson ... all of you .. 
Mulligan 
Work ... 
come tusday no more smoking ... Dr. orders ... This also means no more drinking I guess . shrug it was fun while it lasted . 
BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG ... thats whats going to be going through my head @ work today . 
I wana build a blackhole . 
Yawn new effing job please . Or lotto ... ill take the lotto . 
I effing love chocolate milk . 
Need sleep . 
This no sleep stuff is no good . On a happy note I've decided on a tatoo . 
Food ... Work ... off for 2days 
holy shit EF YOU WITHDRAWS 
ok ill buy the first person who answers this question some reeses pieces ( no one at work seems to know , and i find it funny ) . What movie had reeses pieces in it ? 
lol cant sleep .. farscape 
Gecko in room . I will name him < PROPMALE > . 
Almost 0 sleep . But I got a lot of Farscape in . I might require a nap later , but for now its off to riandi's b-day beach bbq . 
\Sex and sleep alone make me conscious that I am mortal . \ " - < PROPFIRST > The Great " 
ummm , yea ' care 
? ???? ??????? ????????? ???? Andriy Fedorychev 
\What would your good do if evil didn't exist 
I WANT TO GO HOME FUCKING NOW ! 
And now I'll show you what will really is . 
well I guess I'm going for a run when i get home now . LOL . so run , farscape , sleep eat , call ppl ( not in that order ) ... good day . 1hr and 59 mins till then . 
wow .... I CAN'T BELIEVE I JUST SAW THAT . 
I wana eat so much food . 
Tell me if you are up for anything later today .. anyone . 
“Love the < PROPMALE > in yourself , not yourself in the < PROPMALE > ” 
... 
Whata joke . I hate people who are gimmicks . 
? ??? ? \ 
:) 
' sick of you not having a crush on me . LOL 
hummm to lick battery acid off a table ? tongues burn bitter . But its all the same with tasting words now . Was muss sind , sind muss . aber alles ist klar ! 
i found my dining with dickens cook book . one of the only book ive kept . all British food . ima cook something later . yep sure of it . 
AHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!! SPACE BLANKETS . 
Ok now I'm more like myself . It's been a while , how have you been < PROPFIRST > ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzh9RzYyWpg 
right on florida ... sick ass state . 
Watcha got world ? Yea I'm getting good . \ 
p . s . \ 
Thanks sun for making me like ice water that much more . 
jahyahhahahahahhahahahhahahahha efffffffffun 
something like : =) 
' just tip top . Thanks sleep . 
ok here's the plan : Drive to get sleepy . kinda sleep . go to soccer store get some stuff . maybe hit up comic book store , ' cause ill be about that area . movies ( xmen ) . home , get ready for b-day thing at respects , go to respcts . get some sleep . go the zoo @ 2:30 pm on sat . come home and prob get drunk . if anyone is interested in any of this , let me know . you're more than welcome to tag along . 
\If I were God 
... and two Advils later . 
Operation Sunblock will be implemented tomorrow . Space-blankets will protect my dreams . 
someone msg me im at work lossing my mind 
1.75 hours till sleep . 
Back playing poker online . just put in a bit . doubled my bankroll in 1 hour . 
ok klar should stick to his poker rules btw < PROPFEMALE > is awsome . 
you ever want to delete your facebook ? I do . 
Ich kann nicht bei einem anderen die gleiche weise betrachten . 
Yes bed , I can hear you beckoning me . 
sind nicht nur vergaenglich . 
I'm especially not in the mood to go to work today . 
How do you get 5 charizards and 2 bulbasaurs on a bus ? \ 
You poke em on . 
I got the 4th off . w00+ w00+ !! 
Ok , I'll be your devil . 
ya ill be a moron . pls god make me a fucking moron . 
danke to aggro Berlin\ 
for keeping company through nights like this . 
Done being the good guy . 
btw i know the greatest person ever ... just saying . 
Stretch\ 
... \ 
Up\ 
Too early . 
“Foreign retailers are also realizing that it makes sense economically to hold yuan-denominated assets in < PROPFEMALE > , which allows them to enjoy extra capital gain from their investment ... ” july 4th bloomberg . good job guys 
So frustrated i could punch a pikachu . 
I'm honestly considering deleting this fb crap . 
\Boldness be my friend . \"" 
Bla shoot me ... formulating a plan for tommorow's escapade of errands and tasks , while trying to kick fun somewhere in it all . 
Caught on . 
Suns going down . My spirits raise high in glasses . 
Well , this feels like I'm running an endless mile . The problem is I've never been smart enough as to have the ability to justify failure . 
I'm @ work , playing chess . Its kinda über . 
Now I'm @ work watching Lie To Me , which is more über 
Ok people what are we doing tomorrow ? 
Wow stop jumping about ... keep it steady . people are sooooo odd . 
... need to pass out . 
Tomorrow is adventure day . 
< kick > Remember the airplane rule ppl ! 
Up way early . I'm going for a long drive . 
HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!!! keep me laughing ppl ... silly ppl . 
honesty ... Ya dig ? 
If I don't have an exüberant amount of fun later , I will kill infant cats . A lot of cute and cuddly infant cats . 
This week is going to be < PROPFIRST > the Tiger . All =) ' s 
