Not only was I accepted to UConn , but they also awarded me their Academic Excellence Scholarship that totals $ 11,616 per year ! 

And it starts sometime around midnight . Or at least that's when you lose yourself for a minute or two . 
Love is in the air , and I'm choking to death on it . 
In my dreams I love you like a snowstorm in the night . 
Somehow you saw someone worth saving . You pulled me back into the light . Now if ever I can rescue you . When you need two arms to fall into , you know exactly where I'll be . Just look for me . Oh , look for me . When it seems like you have lost it all , and it feels like you're in free fall goin ' deep into the < PROPFEMALE > , I will rescue you . 
Late on shallow evenings while their enemies slept , they hammered the soil asking for answers in green . 
Everything you touch you don't feel . Do not know what you steal . Shakes your hand . Takes your gun . Walks you out of the sun . What you touch you don’t feel . Do not know what you steal . Destroy everything you touch today . Please destroy me this way . 
It's not easy to erase your blood . 
You know , I built these walls for a reason and watched you tear them down . Now I'm letting you in ' cause I like what you're saying . 
Russian Roulette is not the same without a gun . 
There's no glitter in the gutter . There's no twilight galaxy . 
Forget about the sunshine when it's gone . 
I'm just a happy kid stuck with the heart of a sad punk . 
Got no arms , got no legs , got no shoulders , but I got a head . I've got a head that tells me stupid things to do . And I got heart , and I got heart , although its slowing pulling me apart , ' cause I never feel the same as you . 
Laugh to erase the dirt on your mind 
You can think of me when you forget your seatbelt and again when your head goes through the windshield . 
I will avenge my ghost with every breath I take . I'm coming back from the dead , and I'll take you home with me . I'm taking back the life you stole . 
AAR <3 
Can you help me find a way to < PROPFEMALE > on again ? 
<3 METRIC <3 
Aww thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
I wanna swim away but don't know how . Sometimes it feels just like I'm falling in the ocean . Let the waves up , take me down . Let the hurricane set in motion . Let the rain of what I feel right now come down . Let the rain come down . 
I guess there's just a part of me that likes to bring you down just to keep you around ' cause the day that you realize how amazing you are you're gonna leave me . 
Acceptance into Ohio State ? Check . Acceptance into the Honors and Scholars Program ? Check . 
Keep your lies to yourself . Every lie I've heard from someone else . 
I spent almost my entire night with SVH instead of studying for AP Calculus . Worth it ? I think so . 
I < PROPMALE > out with some of my amazing tennis friends , acted inappropriately , and totally kicked < PROPFEMALE > Fedorek's ass in a burping contest . Yeah , it was a good night . 
Let's remember the good times that 2010 brought us : that ridiculous snowstorm , Mardi Gras , crazy trips to Eat'n Park and Friday's , Prom , Graduation , adventures in Europe , starting college , Halloween weekend , going out to Cantinas with my girls , kicking Michigan's ass again , the Big Freeze . Fuck all the bullshit . Bring on 2011 . 
AFC NORTH CHAMPS !!! 
You despise me , and I love you . 
My life is just one big epic fail 
Approach the world with open eyes and you will find there's heart in mind 
9 inches :( 
You know we are a heartbeat away from having no heartbeat at all . 
They sell hoagies at McGinnis that are 6 feet long ? I think I know where my next paycheck is going ! 
How I miss your ranting . Do you miss my all time lows ? 
There's one for the sorrow and two for the joy and three for the girls and four for the boys . There's five for the silver and six for the gold and seven for the secrets that are never to be told . There's eight in the river and nine in my head and ten of the worst kind sleeping in my bed . 
Bye . Bye . Bye , sucker . You die . Die . Die , sucker . 
Get up and go . Take a < PROPMALE > and be strong , or you could spend your whole life holding on . Don't look back . Just go . Take a breath . Move along , or you could spend your whole life holding on . You could spend your whole life holding on . Don't spend your whole life holding on . 
Love is dead . Love is gone . Love don't live here anymore . 
But your taste still lingers on my lips like I just placed them upon yours , and I starve . I starve for you . But this new diet's liquid and dulling to the senses and it's crude , but it will do . 
I owe you , but I know you . You'll have me back , but it's gonna take a week . 
The love died , but the hate can't fade . 
\What are marijuana tablets ? \"" 
Get outta my way . Get outta my life . 
What about my problems ? The people try to solve them . I guess I'm under the weather since no one else belongs here with me . 
Can you catch me if I let go ? 
I'll have four sides of bacon 
If we're A to B , then how fit in C ? 
I can't forget what you've forgotten 
Things I need to do : Read < PROPMALE > Caesar , write 3 essays , finish tracing Act 5 of Macbeth , finish the Act 5 study questions , do AP Psych vocab , do some AP Spanish and AP Calc homework , finish my AP Econ problem set , and start making my prom dress . FML 
It doesn't hurt me . You wanna feel how it feels ? You wanna know , know that it doesn't hurt me ? 
I'm gonna rip you a new hole . I'm gonna make you wish you were dead . I'm gonna be impossible . I've gotta tell you I'm seeing red . I'm gonna make you wish you were dead . I'm gonna make you wish you were dead . I'm gonna make you wish you were dead . I'm gonna make you . 
The Ohio State University : Class of 2014 
We're all pushing through for summertime :) 
Baby , did you forget to take your meds ? 
Happy Velociraptor Awareness Day ! 
I just gotta get off my chest that I think you're divine . 
I need you more than anyone , darling . You know that I have from the start , so build me up , buttercup . Don't break my heart . 
I'm < PROPMALE > from where you are . I lay down on the cold down , and I pray that something picks me up and sets me down in your warm arms . 
I will avenge my ghost with every breath I take . I'm coming back from the dead , and I'll take you home with me . I'm taking back the life you stole . This hole you put me in wasn't deep enough , and I'm climbing out right now . You're running out of places to hide from me . 
Please copy this to your status if you have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for needing a smack upside the head except a smack upside the head , but together we can raise awareness ! 
Your real friends are the ones that will go in the handicap stall with you and hold your dress while you pee at Prom . 
What have I become ? You've played your part of the guiltless heart , and the truth has all seeped out . Should I just turn my head ? Discard the past and play dumb just like the rest ? No , I'm going to throw my fists in the air and erase you from my memory so I can leave you and all of this shit behind . 
If it's love , and we're two birds of a feather , then the rest is just whenever . If I'm addicted to loving you , and you're addicted to my love too , we can be them two birds of a feather that flock together . 
One of these days , you're gonna wake up wondering how it went down . Then , in that daze , you're gonna make up something and wallow around in your room . Maybe it's soon . Maybe it won't be for some time . I hope you'll be thinking of me , and I hope you won't be lonely . 
Leave me bleeding on the bed . See you right back here tomorrow for the next round . Keep this scene inside your head . As the bruises turn to yellow , the swelling goes down , and if you're ever around in the cities or the suburbs of this town , be sure to come around . I'll be wallowing in sorrow , wearing a frown , like Pierrot the Clown . 
What's new , Buenos Aires ? I'm new . I wanna say I'm just a little stuck on you . You'll be on me to . 
I'm not sorry I met you . I'm not sorry it's over . I'm not sorry there's nothing to save . 
Don't stop believing <3 SEN10RS 
Fever of 103° the day before graduation ? FML 
We thought we'd be somewhere else . We started a long time ago . We thought we'd be anywhere else . Don't think that it's over . I know that the world belongs to us , and it's just the beginning . 
Got no time to take a picture . I'll remember someday . 
Approach the world with open eyes , and you will find there's heart in mind . 
Let's slit our wrists and burn down something beautiful . 
Who is the lamb , and who is the knife ? 
You've got nothing to lose except for me and you , and I love that attitude when you know I can do - I'll do better than you . 
You're the spider . I'm the helpless fly . 
If I could spend the night underneath your starry eyes , then I wouldn't have to say goodbye . 
And for every endless midnight , there's a sky full of broken stars . 
I can't really explain it . I haven't got the words . It's a feeling that you can't control . I suppose it's like forgetting , losing who you are , and at the same time , something makes you whole . 
It's not fair . Just let me perfect it . Don't wanna live a life that is comprehensive ' cause seeing clear would be a bad idea . Now , catch me up . I'm getting out of here . 
When it goes black , it goes black so fast . 
You've got a short fuse , and I've got designs on lining you up and setting you off and watching you burn for me . 
Are you ready for the great escape ? 
1913 < PROPMALE > 
You're so damaged , but you manage to handle it well . 
I got to breathe . You can't take that from me . 
What are you waiting for ? Am I right or wrong ? 
4 weeks 
Looking for the right track , always on the wrong track , but are you catching all these tracks that I'm laying down for you ? 
There is nowhere else I'd rather be , but I can't just be right here . 
But I can't fight back , even in my dreams . My fortitude is nothing like it seems . At night , they come , and I just let them in . I never win . 
We all had our ski masks and sawed-off shotguns , but how do you plan for a bank full of nuns ? 
Can you help me feel anything ? I'm lost . 
A little death makes life more meaningful . 
Goodbye , Monroeville . Hello , < PROPMALE > . 
\There is a cute man here that I am hunting like a dolphin hunts buckets of dead fish at Sea World . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Coyne " 
I'm a bulimic pregnant . 
How bout dem Stillers ? 
EPIC SPEWAGE 
I found a hundred different ways to say that I am not in love with you . Maybe more if I was sure , but I'd be lying not to be your fool . 
Being shocked with a stun gun is not that bad . 
Be afraid . Darling , I'm a hurricane . If you shipwreck your love , I will be all the blame . 
I will walk on water , and you will catch me if I fall . I will get lost into your lost into your eyes , and I know everything will be alright . Everything will be alright . 
Save me from a villianous imagination . 
I swear I'll tear myself apart with what's behind these eyes . 
Say a little prayer to never feel this way again . 
At least we didn't get shut out ... < PROPFIRST > Bloomfield 
\Wait ... what year is it ? \"" 
Set me free . Leave me be . I don't want to fall another moment into your gravity . 
When there is nothing left to burn , you have to set yourself on fire . 
Thank you to everyone who fought for our freedom , to everyone who is still fighting for it , and to my grandfather . Thank you for what you've done and what you're still doing in heaven . I miss you . 7/28/1917 - 9/11/2010 <3 
Today , I lost my wallet , which included my credit card , debit card , medical insurance card , and my BuckID . I had to call PNC to cancel my cards , and I won't get my new cards until I go home for Thanksgiving . Then , I had to cancel my BuckID , which I found out costs $20 to replace . I have to pay with a check because I have no cash and no debit card to withdraw cash with , but I'm not even sure if they accept checks . FML 
I just realized how much this next week and a half are going to suck . 
It's just the victory within the struggle . 
Back in the Burgh ! 
MUCK FICHIGAN !!! 
MICHIGAN IS OUR BITCH AGAIN !!! 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
I hate the ones who love to hate because they're just like me . 
Thank you , < PROPFIRST > Nungesser . I thoroughly enjoyed your penis . 
LONDON !!! 
London is awesome , but I can't wait to be back in Pittsburgh tomorrow night . 
Remember when I said I was coming home tonight ? Just kidding . I actually have no idea when I'll be home . I just love snow . 
According to < PROPFEMALE>'s website right now , I will be flying out of < PROPFIRST > on Thursday at 4:10 , stop in Atlanta for an hour and a half , then arrive in < PROPMALE > around midnight . Basically , I won't be home until Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Hopefully , this will change . 
Possible trip over to < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ? Get pumped ! 
Although I'm spending the night in the Atlanta airport , life is good . I have a flight to Pittsburgh at 7:25 , and I'll be home for Christmas . 
I can never express how grateful I am to be home right now . 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Dandrea , how I've missed your presence in my life . 
Yo sólo quiero que me digas que no hay mujer que más admiras 
And there's a lake , and at the bottom , you'll find all my friends . They don't swim ' cause they're all dead . 
Black and Yellow <3 
FUCK YEAH PITTSBURGH !!! 
Have another drink , and drive yourself home . I hope there's ice on all the roads , and you can think of me when you forget your seatbelt and again when your head goes through the windshield . 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > Cope ! Let's go Steelers ! 
AFC CHAMPIONS !!! PITTSBURGH'S GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL !!! 
When I'm talking to myself , I'd always rather be talking to you . 
\Drown thyself ? Drown cats and blind puppies . \ " - Iago ( Othello 1.3.130 -31 ) " 
Just went outside , slipped on the ice , and fell down . Awesome . 
So whenever I eat a handful of cereal , people think I'm taking a handful of painkillers . I feel like this says something negative about me . 
Maybe you're right , but I don't think so . 
Congratulations Green Bay ! If anyone beat us in the Superbowl , I'm glad it was the Packers . Pittsburgh , I still love you , and I'll always be a yinzer . We'll get our seventh next year . 
In a dream , I was a werewolf . My soul was filled with < PROPFEMALE > light . Lavender ribbons of rain sang , ridding my heart of mortal fight . 
I'm so over-dosed on apathy and burnt out on sympathy . 
One does not simply walk into Mordor . One must CREPT . 
< PROPFEMALE > Rehg : I mean sometimes babies are ugly ... 
\What is it ? What do you smell ? \ " \ " Man-flesh . \"" 
\Flesh is a design flaw . \"" 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought it and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends 
Pittsburgh :) 
You don't wanna hurt me , but see how deep the bullet lies . 
Not only am I on time for Spanish , but I'm also early . I also discovered that one of my suitemates has class at the same time in the adjacent room . 
( 412 ): I have big tits . Rules don't apply to me . 
Never ever put them down . You just lift your arms higher . Raise ' em ' til your arms tired . Let ' em know you here , that you strugglin ' , survivin ' , that you gon ' persevere . 
\I AM the Bubble Princess ! \ " - < PROPMALE > M . McIntyre " 
Today has been a complete shitstorm on my sanity , and it's not even over yet . 
Home has never felt so good . 
FUN FUN FUN FUN 
\What are you doing ? You look like < PROPMALE > Reynolds . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Stanutz " 
I wish < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > Sands were here to watch the Pretty Little Liars finale with me ! 
EPIC HAILSTORM 
< PROPMALE > Weide just dropped the Macbook Air . A girlish scream ensued . 
omfg why am i so damn sloppy ? 
Hey , < PROPFIRST > Miller , did you know that I'm allergic to the sun ? 
I'd be lying if I told you losing you was something I could handle . 
Scream 4 = FUCKING EPIC 
Truth is that I'm self-destructive . I'm insecure . I'm out of focus . The truth is that I've had enough , but you still help me . You . You don't see me that way . You hear the words that I say . You just tell me my heart's in the right place , it's the world that's confused , and it's never too late to save a hopeless case . 
\I love Indian dances to Indian music ... like in Cheetah Girls 3 ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > McIntyre " 
Man , I'm high as fuck . Man , I swear I'm on my level . 
It's a good day , and I feel my life is changing . 
Just proved my Super Smash Brothers prowess by kicking < PROPFIRST > Miller's ass three times in a row . 
\Harry's totally creeping . \ " \ " Damn . < PROPFIRST > is so bald . \ " \ " Is the < PROPFEMALE > dead or just asleep ? Someone should check that . \ " \ " They need to stop waving so derp . \ " \ " What are these hats ? \ " <3 < PROPMALE > Wedding with the suitemates " 
In honor of Mother's Day , let's see how many of us can change our profile picture to a picture of our mom and keep it there through May 9 . Re-post this as your status , and we'll see how many beautiful moms we can get on Facebook ! <3 
\His face is just a metaphor for the rest of his body . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
I SEE THE FLUIDS OF THE DEAD 
Let's recap and get caught up . 
but seriously what happened to my other flip flop last night ? 
I'm baaaaaaaaaaaack ! 
\Is this a movie about the Cuban Missile Crisis ?... oh ... wait ... it's X-Men ... \ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Congratulations to all of the Gateway seniors graduating tonight ! I wish I could be there to see it ! Good luck to all of you at college next year ! 
It's official : < PROPFIRST > Miller can fit 150 mini-marshmallows in his mouth at once . 
That awkward moment when you wish your name was \Taco \"" 
That awkward and sad moment when you realize you won't see L-19 again until September :( Thanks to everyone for a truly life-changing freshman year ! 
Keep a smile like an Eat'n Park cookie :) 
NYC :) 
My mother has demanded that I have all of my stuff from college unpacked by tomorrow night . I guess now would be a pretty good time to get started ... 
Where is my mind ? Way out in the water . See it swimming ? 
It's almost 1:30 in the morning on the Fourth of July , and how am I occupying my time ? Obsessing over my future and trying to decide if I want to volunteer for SARNCO next year . 
My country , ' tis of thee , sweet land of < PROPFEMALE > , of thee I sing . Land where my fathers died ! Land of the pilgrims ' pride ! From every mountainside , let freedom ring ! 
Exactly 2 months from today , I will be moving back to < PROPMALE > and back to L-19 . I am beyond excited . These next 2 months better go fast . 
That awkward moment when you realize WARR was right about you all along . 
I just became Facebook friends with my best friend's piano . Is this real life ? 
Going to the zoo with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Dandrea , where she's going to protect me from the bears , and then heading to Friday's for some public embarrassment . 
WE ARE NOT IN CANADA WTF 
We just got Punk'd by a deer exhibit . 
Just got lost in the ghetto . Not even the nice part of the ghetto . It was most definitely the sketchiest part . 
There's a special place in Hell for last-minute shoppers . 
