I don't know what I'm getting more tired of : endless allergies or oversensitive hearing ... 

Holy leaping years , Batman ! I'm 21 already ?! 
How many of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you . 
never gets sick of Cloverfield 
New season of Lost Tapes ! Yaaaaay ! * celebrates * 
Sometimes loneliness actually works for me , and sometimes it seems significantly worse than being mauled by a bear . Today ... I feel like hugging a bear :P 
Premonitions can be scary ... 
< PROPMALE > , video game design , animal care , and , most of all , creative writing . My plate is definitely full . 
My mom just lost her beloved horse , Rhatana Red , tonight , and is devastated ( and so am I ) . If you would , please pray for her . 
A strange ball of light just floated up the street .... Should I be worried ? 
Wishing everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! :D 
Christmas always begins with joy and celebration and ends with fatigue and sickness from eating too many Christmas cookies ... but thank God for Christmas anyway ! 
Twilight Zone marathon ! Yay !! \ 
Happy New Year ! 
Always lonely but never alone 
Anyone who hits my dogs will be lucky if I don't tear their throat out with my teeth . 
You're never too young or too old to invest . Grow , money tree ! Grow ! 
Only God could have saved me from that deer on the highway . Praise God ! :D 
HughesNet sucks ! Clear skies and I still have to go to town just to use the Internet ! X ( 
Time to buckle down and get serious . Let the writing begin ! 
Just watched Paranormal Activity 2 . Hopefully it will fuel my writing and not just insomnia . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! And to those of you who are as alone as I am , enjoy your day knowing Jesus is your < PROPFIRST > ! 
Well , I guess my college plans have taken a nosedive , so I'm desperately seeking out a new college now . 
Destined to be a Blueberry ... 
It's one thing to be visited by the Jehovah's Witnesses monthly , but it's a whole different bag of Skittles to be stalked by them . 
Finally finished a story ! Yay !! 
In a moment of pure stupidity , I let my puppy off the leash .... and she flew like a bat out of hell into the woods . 
