sorry ya'll the PO box is 577 for those of ya'll that got my letter . 

I love my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ . Satan ain't got nothing on me for I am a child of the Lord . My encouragement to you all who are struggling is to keep fighting the good fight . God is standing with us and He has given us victory . Check out Philippians 4:6 it's a good verse . God Bless you all . 
oh man you guys God is so good .. i am so thankful for his word and his love . can anyone agree with me that Jesus is awesome .. he is the one that has saved us from sin and death . Thank you Lord Jesus for your love and grace which is freely given to us even though we don't deserve it . 
i just yesterday finished reading 2 < PROPFIRST > and i am in so much awe of God and his mercy like wow .. thank you Lord Jesus for your love and mercy that is freely given when we don't deserve it . 
time to start reading 1 Kings ... here i go lol 
hey for anyone who has recieved my support letter i just want to let you know that the most important thing that can be done is not giving money but being in prayer about this . it would help me so much if ya'll could pray for me and my financial struggle . 
i believe in the power of prayer i have seen God do amazing things when people come together in prayer . pray for God's will to be done here in this situation i believe he has called me to be here at Teen Mania and i want to stay and continue to grow . thank a lot you guys for your help i love you all :) 
Basically what has happened is that i need to get 1,340 dollars raised or i will be dismissed financially from the Honor Academy . I know God wants me here he has called me to be here . I know God will provide for me as he does for everyone . He knows our needs and will provide . Thank you everyone I love you all . 
oh man today has been so great . i have been reading the word a lot today and it never ceases to amaze me just how much God loves us . we cannot even completely fathom it because it is so great . he is all we need you guys we live off of every word that comes from his his mouth . 
and just so eveyone knows i am still doing my fundraising for my internship . i need to get 1,340 dollars soon or i will be leaving the Honor Academy due to finances . i could use all the prayer and support i can get . your prayers mean the world to me . God answers prayer and he is the provider for us . i pray God will bless those that give and lift up prayers for this situation . thanks ya'll love you :) 
wow i never thought i would ever come to actually like as i lay dying cuz i love punk rock so much . but hey they are not bad at all plus they are christian which is even better :) 
hey ya'll what's up ? so i still haven't made any money during my fundraiser . i have a meeting this friday and i might begin going through the dismissal process here at the Honor Academy . my goal is 1,340 dollars and if you want to give contact me and i will show you how . you may give as little or as much as ya want . your prayers are very important to me please be praying for me . thank you all so much . 
hey ya'll what's up ? so i still haven't made any money during my fundraiser . i have a meeting this friday and i might begin going through the dismissal process here at the Honor Academy . my goal is 1,340 dollars and if you want to give contact me and i will show you how . you may give as little or as much as ya want . your prayers are very important to me please be praying for me . thank you all so much 
well i have a meeting tomorow about my finances .. please pray for me that God would provide the funds i need . it can happen God can do it and i believe he will . 
alright i had my financial meeting and i have until next monday to bring in 1,500 dollars or i will be asked to leave the Honor Academy on tuesday . if there is anything ya'll can do to help that would be awesome . your prayers and encouragement 
would help me out quite a bit so please be in prayer for me and for God's will to be done here . thanks a lot everyone i love you all if you have any questions please hit me up on facebook or text me 253 732 0302 . thanks . 
hey everyone just a reminder i am still looking to whoever feels like they can give to help me out with my funds . remember even if you cannot or simply do not want to that is totally ok , just please keep me in your prayers and hold fast to God and his powerful word . we know he is our provider and strength . 
if anyone needs encouragement check out < PROPMALE > 10:17 -20 i believe is the right passage i am thinking about . that is a verse that always helps me when i am in need of encouragement . God is watching over us and he loves us all and i know he will provide for us the things we need :) 
also if you want to donate or have any questions please text or call me at 253-732-0302 or feel free to send me a message on facebook . thanks a lot everyone :) 
ok so ya'll remember how i am fundraising for my internship ? well an annonymous donner has given 750 dollars ! PRAISE JESUS HE HAS PROVIDED !!!! i thank whoever donated to me you know who you are and God will bless you for it . keep on praying you guys there is more to be done :) 
i am still somewhat under in my tuition and i am in need of another 750 dollars to meet my 1500 amount . please please pray for me and ask God for his will to be done . and if you would like to donate please text me at 253 732 0302 or message me on facebook . God is good and he is our provider thanks and love you all :) 
i just want to again thank whoever it was that donated to me :) i pray God just showers his blessings on you and i pray that you continue to be strong and faithful to our Lord Jesus Christ :) thank you again for everything God Bless whoever you are :) 
man God is so good . i cannot imagine going without Jesus for even one day .. idk what i'd do if i didn't spend time with him .. he is so good to us his grace and love are so far beyond what we can comprehend .. thank you God for giving us life :) 
ok you guys God has provided me with half of my funds i need ( 750 dollars ) now i need to raise the last 750 dollars to catch up on my funds for monday . you do not have to donate if ya don't want but i ask to please pray for me . thanks love you all :) feel free to text or message me on facebook for more info . 
hey if anyone needs to be encouraged remeber that God's love is so great beyond our understanding . Romans 5:7 is a great verse to help remind us of his great love . for he is our hope and strength that carries us through . let me know what i can pray for please don't hesistate to tell me :) God will get you through whatever your situation is right now . thank you Lord Jesus :) 
ok so ya'll remember how i am fundraising for my internship ? well an annonymous donner has given 750 dollars ! PRAISE JESUS HE HAS PROVIDED !!!! i thank whoever donated to me you know who you are and God will bless you for it . keep on praying you guys there is more to be done :) 
ok everyone i have until tomorrow to get the rest of the money i need otherwise i will be dismissed financially from the Honor Academy . so if you can donate anything great or small , anything helps . i especially need prayer so please pray that God provides . please contact me if ya have any info . thanks :) 
i really appreciate anyone and everyone who is/has been praying for me . your prayers mean everything to me . know that God will bless you and i pray for you as well that he is the one guiding you every step of the way . remember if you have any questions please please please contact me and i will be glad to answer them as best as i can . thank you so much everyone and i love you all :) 
ok so my financial meeting was cancelled yesterday so i am not leaving the Honor Academy praise Jesus . i am still behind in my funds by 750 dollars . if you would like to donate please contact me . i believe in the power of prayer so please be praying for me too . thank you all and God Bless :) 
let us remember who God is and what he has already done for us in our lives . i believe he is < PROPMALE > over all the earth and that he alone holds all the answers . their is no way to heaven through him and we cannot get through life without him . he is Jesus the one who has saved us from sin and death :) 
hey everyone i am still fundraising for my tuition here at the Honor Academy . i am still in need of 750 dollars . if you would like to give please contact me on my cell 253 732 0302 or hit me up on facebook . God is our provider and i am still holding strong to Jesus knowing he will come through . thank ya'll love you :) keep praying and believing . 
also if anyone needs prayer for anything please let me know and i would be more than willing to pray for . there is power in our words the bible says there is life and death in the tongue . pray and speak life into this dying world it needs the love of Jesus more than anything . we have the answer and the hope for this world and it is Jesus Christ . stand firm and be strong and courageous mighty warriors . 
alright everyone ... my deadline to get 750 dollars is tomorrow morning at 8am .. and if i do not have it i will be dismissed financially from the Honor Academy . i know God is going to do a miracle i trust him with everything for he is the one that sustains me and you . if you feel that you can give then please contact me on facebook or through my cell 
and if you cannot give i simply ask you to please pray for me . pray that God would move in this situation . i am so grateful for those who have been praying for me . i pray God would bless you . i know this seems like a tough time , but Jesus is bigger than mine and yours circumstances . he conquered sin and death on the cross . please stand with me in prayer and faith . i thank and love you all :) 
hey everyone in about 20 minutes i am supposed to know if i got dismissed or not . i am standing in faith that our Lord Jesus is going to provide for he gives us the things we need :) i am confident that he alone holds all the answers . please pray and stand with me in faith and agreement that God will provide :) thank you everyone i love you all :) 
alright everyone .. i was just dismissed from the Honor Academy financially . i have until 5pm tonight to be off campus with a place to live . but there is still time and i know in the depths of my spirit that God is going to provide the money . as you all know i need 750 dollars in order to stay here . if you feel led to give then please contact me asap 
remember you do not have to give if you cannot or simply do not want to i completely understand . i do ask that you would please pray for me and seek out our Lord and ask him to provide . in the book of < PROPFIRST > ch 14 it talks about how we can ask for anything in Jesus name and he will do it . i know God will provide and i will not give up and i encourage you to not give up either . 
so please be praying for me .. i know God will come through like he has in the past not only for me but for my brothers and sister ( in Christ ) who are with me at the Honor Academy . i pray blessing over all who give and pray for me . thank you all so much i love you all so much :) i'm going in look out world :) 
hey everyone i am still fundraising trying to get the last 750 dollars so i can stay here . i firmly believe that God has called me to the Honor Academy and i know that he will come through for me . i want to encourage every one of you to hold fast to God and have faith and continue to choose joy . remember if you want to donate please contact me on my cell 253 732 0302 or on facebook . thanks :) 
Oh Lord i know that you are the faithful one . your the one who saves those who have sinned against you oh God . Father i am in awe of who you are . there is no God like you Lord Jesus . i know that you are watching over me and all of your children who cry out to you . you are my foundation upon which i stand . you are my refuge and my strength . i exalt your name Lord Jesus :) 
hey ya'll i need 750 dollars before 5 pm today otherwise i have to leave the Honor Academy . i believe the Lord has brought me here for a reason and i want to stay here and continue to grow . if you can help me out any donations will be appreciated greatly . please also be in prayer for me that God provides . thanks everyone love you all :) 
hey everyone i am still fundraising for the 750 dollars i need to stay at the Honor Academy . if you would like to give please contact me 253 732 0302 or message me on facebook you can give as little or as much as you would like . please keep on praying . i know God is going to provide what we need as he has in the past . thank you so much God Bless :) 
ok everyone i have until monday to get the 750 dollars i need to stay at the Honor Academy . if i don't get it i cannot return there and will be forced to go home . i am looking for people who can either donate some or the whole amount . please pray for me as this has been a bit stressful . but i trust God that he is going to provide what i need . also if you think you know anyone who may be willing to give please 
( if your willing ) hand me their number so i may talk to them about what it is i am doing here at the Honor Academy and see if they would be willing to give . let us all have faith please continue to pray and trust our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ . thank you all for everything you have done i appreciate it so much . God Bless you :) 
hey everyone i really need your help with my fundraising so i can stay at the Honor Academy and continue to grow in the Lord with my brothers and sisters in Christ . if you can please help me out i need 750 dollars before monday if the Holy Spirit tells you to give then please do if not than i ask that you please pray for me . thank you everyone i love you all :) 
ok so i have 2 days until i need to have gotten the 750 dollars i need to stay at the Honor Academy . if you feel you can give then please contact me and if not that is ok i simply just ask for a lot of prayer . 2 days is still long enough for God to do a maricle so i am standing in faith that something will happen and i hope you will stand with me . thank you and God Bless :) 
Let us all give thanks of highest honor and praise to our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ for his sacrifice for us . Now we really know that it is only through Jesus that we are saved and guaranteed eternal life . He paid the penalty for our sins , while we were still living in sin .. he died for us so we could be made right with God . Oh Lord we thank you for everything you have done :) 
ok everyone i now have one more day left to get the money to stay at the Honor Academy . i need 750 dollars in order to stay . God is still here and he has not left us even in our struggles . i ask that you stand in faith with me through prayer and your generosity through giving that God's will be done here . i thank everyone for standing with me in faith . let us go forward in victory . thanks ya'll :) 
welll everyone .. God provided my finances ! whooo !! i knew he would . as you may have guessed i will not be leaving the Honor Academy now . now my account will be charged again in 2 weeks so i am going to be doing more fundraising on and off capus . it would help if eveyone could please pray for me that God would once again come through . 
so yes everyone i am staying at the Honor Academy . i will be doing more fundraising on and off campus please pray for me that God would once again be brought all the < PROPFEMALE > through this . i thank everyone who was and is still praying for me . i love you all so much God Bless and Happy Easter :) 
alright so here is what is going on with my finances . i have until next wednesday to get another 750 dollars in . remember if you feel led to donate please connect with me on facebook but if you don't then please just keep me in your prayers . We know God can do this we have seen him do it before . now let's walk in victory ! thank you :) 
hey everyone just a reminder i am still fundraising and am in need of 750 dollars . if i miss this next deadline i will be permanetly dismissed from the Honor Academy . if you feel you can donate pleae contact me on facebook or text me at 253 732 0302 . also keep me in your prayers and ask God to provide . thanks everyone i love you all :) 
wassup everyone . i am still fundraising for the next 750 dollars i need by next wednesday or i will not be able to stay at the Honor Academy anymore . if you would like to donate please contace me by my cell 253 732 0302 or facebook . also please keep on praying that God will provide like he has before . thank you so much :) let's walk in victory ! 
hello everyone . still fundraising for the 750 dollars i need in order to stay at the Honor Academy . if you would like to donate please contact me it can be as big or as little as you would like . also i ask that you would continue to be in prayer for me that we will once again see God glorified through this situation . thank you everyone continue to stand strong :) 
hello everyone . as you know i am still fundraising so i can stay here at the Honor Academy . i am in need of 750 dollars . if you can or would like to donate please contact me on facebook or cell phone 253 732 0302 . also please be praying for me for we can ask the Father in Heaven to help us and i believe in faith that he will . know that his faithful love endures forever . thanks everyone :) 
i know that life can be hard .. and i know that we all struggle with something .. but do not forget that there is a God in Heaven that is there and loves us . he is the one who saves us from eternal darkness and brings into eternal life . He is the one who provides for us the things we need . only he alone can truly satisfy us because of his unfailing love . his name is Jesus :) 
hey everyone i am still taking donations to anyone who is willing to give . my goal is to get 750 dollars by next wednesday otherwise i will have to leave the Honor Academy for good . please pray for me as much as you can . we know that God will provide we have seen him do it before for he is faithful when we are faithful . i know he will come through again . thank you everyone i love you all :) be strong and courageous ! 
ok everyone i now have 2 days until i coudl be potentially dismissed financially from the Honor Academy . i am still in need of 750 dollars so please if you can help out in any way that would be great . also please continue to be in prayer for me . i still believe in the power of prayer and i know God will come through . thank you everyone i love you all :) 
ok so tomorrow is the day i need that 750 dollars in or i won't be able to be here at the Honor Academy anymore . please keep on praying and seeking God . he is the provider and the only way to eternal life . i know he will provide . i thank and love all of you keep holding fast to Jesus the one who is the way , the truth and the life :) 
ok so tomorrow is the day i find out if i am dismissed or not from the Honor Academy . but there is still time . i nedd 750 dollars in order to stay here . if there is anything you can do please contact me on facebook or my cell 253 732 0302 . please continue to be in prayer . never give up hope and know that God is faithful and his love endures forever . thanks :) 
ok everyone i am still in need of the 740 dollars now that i am in need of . i have until tomorrow to get money or i have to leave at 5 pm . if there is anything you can do to help please connect with me on facebook or my cell 253 732 0302 . i know God will provide our prayers are being heard . continue to pray and seek after the one who has set us free from being slaves to sin . thank you :) 
OH Lord our God , we know you are faithful to come through for us . God it is you we look to for strength and comfort . not in the world where sin is its master , and sin leads to death . how can we find comfort in death ? we cannot ! only through your words can we have life . you are the one that gives life . thank you God :) 
hey everyone i am stll fundraising for support so i can stay here at the Honor Academy . i am in need of 740 now . if you would like to give and make a donation please contact me on facebook or my cell 253 732 0302 . also please continue to pray for me that God will provide . stand firm in the faith and know that God is faithful :) thank you everyone i love you all :) 
ok everyone i have until 5pm tonight to get the funds in order to stay here . i am in need of 740 dollars and would like to know if there is anyone that can give . if you would like to please connect with me on facebook or my call me on my cell 253 732 0302 . please keep praying for me . we know God is faithful and he will come through like he always does . stay strong eveyone . thank you all :) 
ok everyone so i have a little less than 2 hours till i am supposed to be leaving the Honor Academy . i am still in need of 740 dollars . please if there is anything you can do please contact me . also please continue to pray for God to provide the funds . we must choose to stand our ground and know that God knows our needs and will provide for us . thank you all i love you :) 
PRAISE THE LORD !!! i got an extension to stay on campus till 8pm tonight :) that leaves plenty of time for God to pull off a miracle . i still need to raise 740 dollars so i can stay here at the internship . if you could donate anything please contact me . pray that God will come through on time he is faithful . thank you everyone i love you all :) 
alrighty everyone here is what's going on . instead of leaving the Honor Academy at 5pm i now get to stay till 8pm . Praise the Lord ! :) i still need to raise 740 in order fo rme stay . if you want to donate go online go to honoracademy.com click donate and u.s. donnor . my ID number is 2575233 . thank you :) 
lookout Washington ... CUZ I'M COMING BACK EARLY !!! :) 
alright i am coming back to washington and i should be back on wednesday night in tacoma :) i'll let ya know if things change 
just got done reading the bible and spending time with Jesus . God's word is so good . how can we go one day without Him ? thank you Lord for your word and your Holy Spirit that guides us . stay strong and keep seeking him with everything you got for he is faithful and his love endures forever . 
i am finally back in washington !!!! whoooooooooooo !!! 
even through all my troubles i cannot deny my Lord Jesus . though i still have times of hardship i will still sing praises to his holy name . for he still reigns on the throne in heaven and set me apart to be his own . thank you Father for your love and grace that surrounds us :) 
got to try my first nintendo 3ds today .. it was pretty sweet . didn't hurt my eyes too much actually that's what took me off guard cuz everyone says it hurts your eyes .. but mine were just fine :) muwahahahaha take that rumors . 
had a great word at church today it was based off of < PROPFIRST > 2:13 -17 when Jesus clears the < PROPFEMALE > and how in our own lives we need to turn over the tables and the things in our own lives that keep the House of God devalued . it was so good Holy Spirit wrecked me today :) Lord help me always put your house first before anything :) 
ok nintendo's press conference at e3 was amazing . anyone else excited for their newest console WiiU ? i am pumped up for it and cannot wait to see what nintendo will do with this new system . if you ask me nintendo is amazing and there is no one like them . 
my step dad and i got papa murphys pizza with iron man 2 as tonights entertainment . plus i got to shoot guns with my step dad at bull's eye in downtown tacoma . tonight is a good night :) 
i cannot go through one day without waking up and spending time with Jesus . his love is so great for us . how can i live without him when he is everything .. thank God for his mercy and grace . he freed us of our penalty for sin through Jesus .. and in return gives us life .. wow thank you Jesus . 
so i just had an interview with the assistant manager of farrelis :) he couldn't find my app so he had to sit and speak with me which was good because the interview was great haha pray i get a 2nd interview soon i would love to work there . 
spoke to the assistant manager at farrelis again and he tells me that the kitchen manager wants to meet me on tuesday . pray that God's favor rests upon me so i can get this job :) 
i love getting up in the morning and diggin into the word of God . spending time with Jesus is so great . being in his pressence .. just renews my spirit . for my brothers out there that need some ecouragement check out psalms 119:9 -16 . we have the power to overcome because we have Christ in us . stay strong :) 
I look up to the mountains , does my help come from there ? My help comes from the Lord , who made heaven and earth ! Psalm 121:1 -2 NLT 
another day of job hunting . God please give me favor and provision so that all that i do may bring you the < PROPFEMALE > and praise . 
thank God for his grace and mercy . where would i be without the love of Jesus ? dead and buried in sin that's where .. on the road to hell .. Lord i choose to follow you no matter what . you traded your righteousness for my sin .. and i choose to follow you . the choice is ours ... to repent or perish . 
no matter what i have done .. or what i have said i am never too far away from the mercy of God . if a love so unfailing is always there for me .. why wouldn't it also be there for you too ? repent and turn to Jesus now while there is still time . know that he loves you and gave his life for you so you could live free from the power of sin . CHOOSE LIFE . 
doesn't matter what i am going through . when i think of the blood Jesus washing away sin .. and seeing the impact of God's transforming love touching the hearts of those who were once lost .. i can't stop smiliing :) 
even when i don't know all the answers i trust in my Lord Jesus to guide me down the right path . he never abandons us or foresakes us . Lord you are always faithful :) 
hey everyone i got a new phone . don't worry my number is still the same but i only have 300 minutes for talking so i can't talk as much but i have unlimited texting so text me as much as you want :) 
Church was amazing today I feel inspired to really dig deep into Gods word and truly get to know my savior and his truths more than ever before . 
This song < PROPMALE > of tarsus is amazing check out these lyrics . 
Just got done job hunting at the mall , now I'm at mcdonalds all by myself .. today is a lonely day 
Half sweet tea and half apple juice .. odd combo .. but man is it tasty and refreshing 
I love the talk to text feature on my phone it is so cool hands free texting is amazing lol 
I finally got my bike fixed :) I'm officially mobile again lol 
so today was a sad day after getting my bike fixed yesterday there is now a nail in the back tire now my tire is flat and I cant ride it :( 
Chili is so nasty .. never again will I eat it . 
tonight's cuisine is .. pistachio pudding lol smells like < PROPMALE > .. But tastes amazing lol 
actually it tastes a lot like playdo too lol 
At garricks by myself with his dog malachi ... sooooo bored lol 
Ok so my phone freaked out on me and I had to reformat my sd card ... now all my pics and vids are gone :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > is back !!!! :) how I've missed her so lol ( < PROPFEMALE > is my bass guitar ) 
Yes I'm a nerd ... not ashamed if it either . 
