School is crazy but so worth it . I love it . But not looking forward to the sleepless nights . I have other things i would rather be doing . lol SLEEPING 

It can only get to you and tear u down if u let it , ur stronger than that . Always remember u can control anything if u try hard enough . 
It's feels amazing when u have a good man behind u 100% , 
damm , < PROPMALE > - you found it --- lol\ 
its ok OT , everyone is a little flirt 
Do not trust ANYONE , as soon as you do u will be taken by surprise . 
Don't look for the bad , but look for the good in everyone 
whats going on for the 4TH of July ??????? Let me know whats up , lets have fun ..... heheheh 
It is the little things that matter , especially when they are unexpected . 
I had a wonderful weekend with my love , even though I never got to see fireworks . 
Wow ! Time really does fly , but I enjoy it .. lol 
Summer midterms already- time to crack down and study- don't go nuts 
My favorite dayz r the ones 1 spend with my loved ones . ( That includes my Mr. Wonderful ) 
playtime is sweeter after a hard day of work 
Happiness is right in front of you , just open ur eyes and realize that it is the simple pleasures in life that mean the most and r most memoriable . Such as a simple kiss when u , least excpect it 
New day new adventures !!! A second < PROPMALE > 
I really need to take more pics , 
Last night ways so much fun , 
Summer is almost here-for those of us who r doing summer sch . GOOD luck on finals 
When life gets tough , you get tougher ! 
I am sooooooo board .!!!!! 
Has anyone seen the movie-Dinner for the schmucks ? I want to go see it looks hella funny ..... what u think > 
I need more pics- If any one has any pics(that are suitable ) let me know .. Thxz 
Hoping for each day to be better than the last ! 
Money comes and goes , but its the little things that count ! The smile on ur child's face is unforgetable and worth more than money it's self . < PROPFEMALE > every moment and always do ur best to be the best person and parent you can be ; after all they only have one mom ur dad . ( hearing my daught say that she wants to be a mommy like me when she grows big , melted my heart ) I am so happy that I am a hero in her eyes ! 
Last night was so much fun , and having my man with me is was the icing on the cake .. 
Who wants to HOOKAH ??? Check events for more info- I am planning a nite out with friends , If you want to come hit me up ! C u there ------ YEAH >>>>>> 
I can't wait until Monday , I miss everyone ! 
It is amazing how many people can know who you are , and you have no idea who they are . By this I mean ...... I know people that have the same friends as I do , but I had no idea . \ 
\ 
Making new friends can really make sense ... lol 
Everyone have a great weekend , I know I will ... lol 
If today is a bad day for you , take a step back and think of all the good in ur life . 
It feels great to be alive and well , spending time with my baby girl and friends . 
What do we want a future , how do we get it .... EDUCATION ..... how do we achive this ???? SUPPORT MEASURE E !!! on this Nov . 2nd Ballot 
Measure E is in danger , We need you help . Please help and support our future , education . Pre- walk , phone bank , donate , money , educate others on Measure E . 
Thank you for those people who are always there to lend a helping hand . Even more important thank you for those people who are real , and say things in your best interust w/o sugar coating it . I wish more people did what was right , and not the trend . 
Is there anything going on tonight ??? Hit me up and let me know ! 
I am thankful for having such a wonderful man , who understand me for me and appreciates me . \ 
If u r in a realationship let them know u appreciate them and r thankful ! 
Why is happiness so hard to find , it's because happiness is all in our minds . This month just keeps getting worse . 
Remember all the good in your life , their are many people worse off who would love to be in ur shoes . Try to appreciate what u have and help those who are having a difficult time . That doesn't mean to have pity , it means to understand we all goes through rough patches in our lives . Let them know u are a friend , they can count on . For many people just knowing ur not alone makes life a little brighter . 
Just another day , I was hopping today would be better . At least things are consis\ 
tant . 
I got the worst feeling , I hate it when I know somethings wrong and I just don't know what it is yet . 
Another wonderful weekend with my love , my life just gets better with each day we are together . You know who u are , and I think everyone knows who I am refuring to ... lol 
I am soooooo excited , I can't wait for New Years ! 
I am so happy , all of my hardwork paided off . I got great grades .. 
My doggie < PROPFIRST > Needs a NEW home , we are moving and I can't have animals . This was my daughters doggie and she wants him to go to a new home instead of a shelter , I agree . < PROPFIRST > is 7 human years , he rarely barks ( like never ... lol ) and he is very chill and relaxed . He is great with kids and is FREE to a GREAT home . I LOVE my doggie , but I can't keep him/ . Someone please help ...... CALL ME@ 408 876-9519- 
Just taking , things one day at a time , trying to improve my life and my daughter each day . So , although times may seems rough at the time , one day I will look back at this point in my life and say , \that was a piece of cake\ " .... lol " 
Just because we have our rights to recieve education , doesn't mean we stop fighting . Stand up for your self and other students and make a difference , big or small . NO one can change the world bu their self , it takes a community . 
Does anyone know what those little study pillows with a tableboard are called ? I can't think of what they are called for the life of me . lol 
