there are so many characters here ! i hope i don't add someone real . :S 

the author person needs to come up with a title for my story now ! 
it's the first day of spring and it's snowing in chicago ??? :( jesus , why ? 
i'm browsing through people's about me sections and everyone has such cool stories ! mine's so lame . :( there's no zombies or vampires or magical stuff . i'm just a gal from boring ol ' earth in the year 2010 . lol 
me and my boys went to a guitar shop and there was this cutest spanish guitar ever ! it costs about a month's rent but i want it so badly !!!!! but maybe i should actually start practicing first ... 
j-pop is playing on the radio and i feel like partying tonight !!!!! 
it's a beautiful spring day and it's time to par-tay , i say ! 
my b string keeps buzzing and it's so annoying ! D; 
why is it so effin ' cold today ?!?!? 
author is too obsessed with the sims 3 to get any outlining done for script frenzy . D; 
i guess the author's either gonna wing it or not do script frenzy at all . :( 
someone is blasting some heavy metal . i think i can beat them with some lady gaga . :D 
add my < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Cardoso ! he's from the author's wannabe arthouse/gay romance screnzy she tried doing last year . :D 
my brother is on facebook ! :DDD 
a cute guy the author knew just waved at her today . mmm , she likes college . <3<3<3 
i hate dumb bitches who say they're pregnant on april fool's day , and then later they're like , ' just kidding!' eff off ! 
what a crazy , crazy day . 
i haven't logged on in a month and there are so many friend requests . i don't even know what's going on . oh god . 
how's everyone doing ?!?! :D 
finals week ! author isn't doing too well in college . :( 
i made some muffins today ! everyone needs to CALM DOWN and grab one before i eat ' em all . :D 
has terribly unrealistic expectations when it comes to love . um . 
when you call my name , it's like a little prayer . i'm down on my knees . i wanna take you there . 
car bomb in times square ! :( 
i want to see iron man 2 now ! 
(( i just saw iron man 2 ! it's pretty fuckin ' badass ! )) 
why is chicago so fucking cold ?!? 
hey , < PROPFEMALE > Cornish and < PROPMALE > Cornish , i think < PROPFIRST > should get a facebook ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Cornish smells funky . 
