School starts tomorrow . Hooray ... And there was much rejoicing . :) 

Grounded till Sunday except from internet . WHOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'M BORRRRRRREEEEEEEDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD 
OMG I have to go run 8 < PROPMALE > in the morning . I'm freaking out ! God help me ... 
Back from paintball . Ouch my leg hurts =( 
I just ran 5 < PROPMALE > in 42:13 . That's an 8 < PROPFEMALE > . mile which is pretty fast for me . :) 
Ouch my braces hurt really bad . :(((( 
haha im on ur profile 
I get to run 6 < PROPMALE > in the morning . Hooray .... 
Just got back home from Catholic . Wish there was air-conditioning ... 
School started ... whippie 
I get to go run a 1-2-1 ... I'm so happy 
I'm running faster , just ... not fast enough 
Going to school ... religion test tom ... stuff like that 
I AM FROM CANADIA !!! 111 Eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh eh pirates ! eh eh eh eh gorrilas ! eh eh eh eh eh 
Mr. < PROPMALE > = Epic Win . 
Proudly we speak your name Proudly wear your colors Friendships made within your walls Will mellow through the years We in some distant day May brush away a tear Born of memories as these We hold so very dear What now son ?! 
Getting ready to go to bed so I can make up at 6:00 to go run 6 < PROPMALE > . Yippie . I'm so happy . At least it's not the deaf school 
MCJROTC = Epic Win 
Pink < PROPMALE > concert on Sat . CANT WAIT 
Just finished running 6 < PROPMALE > in 45.34 . That's about a 7.30 mile 
Just did a 1-3-1(1 slow , 3 fast , and 1 slow < PROPMALE > ) in 37:34 . I'm pretty proud . And the good thing is NO CC TODAY 
Going to school . Be back at 2:00 . 
I get to go run 6miles and I'm really tired ... Whoopie . 
Got back from running 6 < PROPMALE > , going to pink < PROPMALE > usa tonight and going to play xbox . ^^ 
You wanna cookie ? 
I just got a cookie . :) 
I'm about to work on Vocab/World History/English/Latin Quiz Tommorow , Jrotc buisness and cross country . =D All tommorow 
School = Boring except for the funny teachers 
Me = Bored 
ROTC PT Results Push Ups in 2min . = 44 Crunches in 2min . = 97 Mile Run- 5.50 
Got 4th place in my Age Division . :) 
Bout to work on 40 WorldHistory words ... Dang ... Mr. Spenser is funny but I hate doing definitions . :( 
Studying for History Test , Have to right down and memorize 80 Definitons . 
Got 16th place out of 92 for Freshman . Pics are coming soon . 
I have a stiff upper lip . xD 
Sup everyone 
Nearly fell asleep in Religion and Math . I'd close my eyes for a second than realized my head was on my desk and Mr. Hein was about to throw a sharpie at me ... 
I get to sleep an extra 30min . So HAPPYY .... 
Mr. Hein calls Cartar \Cartaaaarrrr\ " xD " 
Everyone gets on when it's raining 
http://www.youtube.com/user/WhitexFeather74 
Going camping . 
Teh Party was funnnn :) 
Just busy with XC and life . 
I <3 the Chili Pepper Race . Time for 5k was 20min . flat . 
Hoorary I get to type a report about a Russian . :) 
Didn't run on Fri . and Sat . due to Boy Scouts so I ran today . Ran 3 < PROPMALE > in 23:20 so I think I'm good for tomorrow . :) 
New PR for 5k at 19:28 , I got 10th or 11th overall for CHS so I am a subsitute for the actual runners . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > 3/6 for my report over a Communist . Half way done ... this guys really boring , all he does is get arrested . 
That was my hardest XC practice yet . 
Finallly , I'm done with my report . Just gotta turn it in to Mr. Spenser and he'll look over my report early . ;) 
Can't believe he watched Dead Silence with < PROPFIRST > . Terrible , it's just like Saw 
Cross Country = Epic Win . 
Reading The Chocolate War 
Stuffed from Dinner at the Finleys , mmm ... those brownies were delicious . 
Just bored thinking I aced my worldhistory test 
MW2 Guys Came Out Today :) 
MW2 :) 
Going for a 5mile jog . :) 
Christmas needs to be here . 
Airosft War at my house at around 1:00 . :) 
Airosft Today = Epicness , I no-scoped < PROPFIRST > . 
Finally Done with my Report . Took around 4 hours and 7 pages with Footnotes . :) :) So happy . 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ALL 
Do not wanna go back to school . 
I'm derived of sleep already . 
Things going on today . 1 . Just got my braces tightened . 2 . Cross Country Dinner later . 3 . Finishing WH definitions . 4 . Studying < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 5 . SORE FROM PHYSICAL FITNESS ... but fun :) 
Doing an egg experiment . :) 
Almost got pulled over by a cop on the way back from school . 
No long distance track . :( 
I might get a partnership with Youtube . :) 
Study time . :( 
Finished studying for Algebra , English , and partly Latin . World History is next , :( my hardest subject(or possibly Physical Science . ) 
So tired of World History ! 
Anybody else tired of World History ? 
Finished making my one < PROPFEMALE > of Physical Science cheat sheet . Which is allowed . Thank's Mr. Lincicome . :) 
I hate it when my family's dog has seizures . He quives and we can't do anything about it except hold him . It basically goes blind and doesn't know where he is . So sad . 
Ready for some semester exams ? 
Finally , the day has come . Semester Tests !! 
Any one have Aday's semester exam today ? 
WHOOOO CHRISTMAS BREAK@ !!! @@ !! 
Gotta love those little whiny kids who cheat when you play a 1v1 against them ... 
Bout to open some presents . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . I got a new xbox ! 
Got a new xbox , listening to black ice by ac/dc and got an ipod touch . How much more perfect can it get ?! 
Christmas is starting to feel like summer , except it's cold . 
My friends call me coach . 
Let it snow , let it snow , let it snow . 
I knew this was going to happen . School is coming . 
Well I was told that since my upper eyelid is pulsing that I am derived of sleep and need a good night rest . Also I'm pretty consistent , Algebra , Science , English and Latin have the same grade as the first quarter ... Awesome . :) 
Editing my MW2 Nightage Clips , Listening to Hollywood Undead , and planning to go to Sherlock Holmes . Awesome . :) 
#34 Should have done better 
Da 2 points are good . I bet $10 Saints win . 
WOOT WOOT NO SCHOOL !!!! 1 !!!!!! 
Starting to like Intermerials . :) 
Well just got back from camping . Freck made brownies . When I got home I had to go #2 . My toilet overflowed . FML 
Getting to bed early tonight ftw ? 
Does not like that last Physical Science test . 
Going to run the relay for the marathon . 7.2 miles . FUN FUN :) 
9w . World History , Physical Science , and English test FTL 
9week tests today . 
World History Test-Done Physical Science-Done Algebra-Tomorrow English-Tomorrow Latin-Tomorrow Aced my tests today . :) 
Just woke up . The track meet was yesterday . I got there at 2:30 and didn't get to race until around 8:45 . The race for me lasted 10min . and 50sec . for 2miles . And no , I didn't stay in the freezing cold and wind . I stayed in the bus , watching movies . :) 
Mad at myself and had a terrible day . 
Does ANYBODY on the track team know What the Hell is going to happen tomorrow ?! 
Track Meet = BEAST 
Waking up at 6:30 = Awesome Going to be at 12:00 = Not Awesome 
SPRING BREAK !!!!!!! and going camping :) :) 
Just got back from camping . 
Eatin Cheerios . 
Monday morning . Perfect .... 
Gotta lot of work to do for the 4th quarter .. 
Waiting to be in the Emergency Room . April Fools ! 
So glad its the weekend . 
Very relaxed . EASTER BABY !! 
Happy Easter everyone . 
It's my BirthDay . =D 
Would like to thank everyone who commented saying happy Birthday . 
Ran last night 2miles at 11:00 PM after waiting around from 5:30 . I got a PR at 11:25 . Pretty happy . 
Coach Hein has wonderful teaching skills 
Gotta study for Mr. Adays test . Ahh .. one day test alerts are always fun . Not gonna get to bed until about 11:30 . =( 
Did good at Track Meet and watching Blue Harvest . 
Long weekend of camping and now , doing some homework 
Got 6hours of sleep . 
Very happy about my Latin test result . :) 
Happy its the weekend . :) 
Conference BABY !!! 
Didn't do as well as I hoped in Conference . Oh well , I couldn't have made state anyway . 
Pollen Sucks . 
Now since Track season is over and XC has not started yet , I don't know what to do with the 2hours I had lost ... 
FINALLY done with World History notes . Took FOREVER . 4pgs . is a pain in the butt . 
Well I wake up , go downstairs , look out the window and see my family's dog with a dead bird in it's mouth . xD 
Going to my lakehouse tomorrow . :) 
Fridays kick BUTT 
Up at my Lakehouse ! :) 
Didn't sleep well but somehow not tired . 
The Mouse that Roared can only be entertaining . 
Ready for the Latin test . 
I hear you knocking but you can't come in ... Dang . 
At a party for my sisters gradulation in North < PROPFEMALE > . 
Still in North < PROPFEMALE > waiting for my flight . 2 hours .... 
\You guys are all prisoners of Facebook \"- Mr. Aday " 
Mr. Spencers test sucked . 
Mr. < PROPMALE > needs to have a curve of about 100pts . 
Thanks Mr. < PROPMALE > for completely dropping that last test . Gotta study for the one tomorrow though . :) 
96% on Science test WHOOOOOOOOOO 
So very tired . 
Talent show needed more acts . 
Need to be stopped dragged around during the weekend . Looking forward to going to my sister's graduation . :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a beast at knifing in Supply . That was until he got knifed by me , and he getting owned by everyone in supply but then I got knifed by Landers after sowing him up . I then got owned by Landers . 
Last week of school guys . Make it count . 
Well , it's official . It's NERD WEEK . Will not be playing video games until Wed . Of next week due to exams . Good luck everybody ! 
Writing up Physical Science cheat sheet . Too many vocab 
We should get bonus points for all the vocab that had to be written for Mr. Lincicome's cheat sheet . 
Last Friday . Let's do this . 
Semester exams are the final obstacle to getting out for summer . Bring it . 
Does anybody know what is to be on Aday's English test ? I lost my sheet . 
Three test left , these won't be too hard . Come on . 
< PROPFIRST > Gray the bassist player of Slipknot was found dead today at the age of 38 . No cause of death yet , :( 
Come on guys , this is the last two tests of the year . End it on a good note and make sure not to fall asleep when studying ! Just think you can relax in less than 24hours and won't have to work on school till 3months from now . 
Does anybody have < PROPMALE>'s essay questions done ?! 
Ready for my last two tests but scared of Mr. Spensers essay questions and Magist's mystery questions . 
Less than 6hours to go , keep it up guys were so close to it being over ! 
SUMMER WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
I've got all this free time and don't know what to do . 
Et tu Brute ?! 
Up at my lakehouse and waiting for tomorrow to roll by for the party . Awesome 
Got water in my ear . It sucks . 
So beat up from tubing yesterday . 
Almost been a week out from school . Seems so much longer than that . 
Going to go get a Magist haircut again ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s on xbox . Now what . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDgn2iAiasg&feature=related\ 
Can you survive ?! 
Have finally got back home . ROTC Leadership was awesome ! 
WAY TO GO FINDLAY 4:31 FOR THE MILE IN NATIONALS !!!!!!!! \ 
WHOOOOOOOOo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Glad to be home but wishing that it wasn't as hot . 
Nothing to do . Wish I had better games for the xbox ... 
I feel terrible and upset . 
Feel like watching The Dark Night . 
So very very very very very very very very bored . 
Tired of little kids who act like they know it all . 
Just woke up . Yeahhhhh 
Who likes my profile pic ? :D 
Got lost at Two Rivers . Was a very interesting run . :D 
Hates running Cross Country by myself . 
Passed my Drivers Test . :) 
Wishes < PROPFEMALE > Lambert good luck on her test tomorrow . Like if you agree . 
Likes how everytime I hit something really cool in MW2 for a game winning kill cam , people say I have an aimbot ... :D 
Got maself a blister on my foot . Yeahhh .... 
Drivers < PROPMALE > tomorrow . Looking really forward to waking up .. 
The best Race motivational speech . \ 
\Alright guys 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with my relatives . YEAHH :D 
On my way home and riding with relatives . :) 
Woah , I didn't realize it would take this short of a time for him to get annoying ... 
Wonders how what your BAC would be if you weighed 80pounds and had 24beers ... 
The most interesting run I've ever had . Practice was canceled , but I was already at Burns so me , Pryor , and Straessle start to run . In that time it rained . That wasn't the interesting part . The best part was running without shoes . Love it . :D 
There's a storm coming . Thunder is very loud . Hopefully won't get worse . 
Ready for a new video game to come out . So tired offf MW2 , and the funny thing is that everyone complains about how it sucks , but , they still FREAKING PLAY IT ... 
Not very much planned for today ... umm 
Going to camp ! :) 
So ... Camp . A lot of little kids . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would have a feild day .. But he's dead so everyone's saved . 
Summer seems like a extension of school because I'm still tired .. 
New HD Tv FTW ?!!? 
LOL I just met a Gamertag on Xbox named \ObamasHealthPlan\ " so .. you killed(or were killed ) by ObamasHealthPlan . ;D " 
I don't know why but I'm exhausted ... 
So . Cross Country at 6AM .. Sounds like school all over again . 
Wishes Youtube would fix itself now .. 
Everyone needs to pray for Griffin Marczuk 
Watching the Day after Tomorrow . It's starting to get insane ! 
Hates how when I get home from XC and realize I have all morning to do what I want , and then I fall asleep .. 
If anybody has any classes with me please comment\ 
Schedule is here by follows\ 
. Home room with McDaniel \ 
. Religion\ 
1 . Geometry with Dempsey\ 
2 . Biology with Thomas\ 
3 . Health with Estes(old)\ 
L1\ 
Lunch\ 
4 . English II with Bonner\ 
5 . Latin with Magist\ 
6 . ROTC 
School in a little over an hour . See you summer in about 9months . Even though it was extremely hot ... 
Sophmore year . I really hope that it starts getting better . 
WAZZZZUPPPP ???? 
Wondering why Freck won't join Rotc .. 
Sophmore year . Getting easier , it's either I'm getting back into school mode or it's just getting closer to the weekend . 
Is really excited about this years Cross Country season . \ 
But still soar from yesterdays workout . MY CALVES HURTTTT 
Its Sunday . Great , schools tomorrow . It seems like the weekend just started . 
So ... um ... that pep rally really wasn't focused on football . You know it was focused on cross country , they should have announced ' and heres our players for cross country ' . I would have loved to have that button ' my sons number is 34 ' and change it to ' my son is on cross country ' 
Is afraid because Coach < PROPMALE > apparently knows my limits and says that he's going to push me . Great . 
Hates the drama of famous people/channels on youtube . 
Cross country is about to get serious . Like post race serious . 
Wishes he was at the football game . 
Everyday I'm hustling .. hustling .. 
Going to be another boring weekend unless I watch dis football game ! 
Football last night on the pavement , not a good idea . 
Headache . 
Is PUMPED for tomorrow's Cross Country Meet ! 
Kind of disappointed about my time for the first race , but , that was the first one and now know what I did wrong . 
Getting ready for dinner at red carpet for research 
I always seem to have a headache on Fridays ... 
Race 
Why do all the tests have to happen on Thursday ? 
Russleville Tomorrow 
Ooohh doggy , were cooking now ! 
Oaklawn Whooo 
Catholic varsiety completely owned at Oaklawn . Go rockets ! 
Would like to know how ' lambo ' got to be one of my nicknames .. 
Chile Peper has got to be the best race course ever . 
Nothing to do . 
Over many years of going to partys I've realized how much I hate them . Loud annoying music(Baby by JB ) and dancing to music I don't know . Just seems really akward to me . Ntm the slow songs ... 
Catholic High Cross Country is going to kick some butt tomorrow at Conference . 
Nine week grades equals Health bringing my grade down . 
Ain't nuthing but a W.T.P. 
Thanks Catholic , your inspiring . 
Look on the bright side , \ 
\ 
We still got class . 
Ending of Saw VII was epic . 
Whats everybody doing tonight ? 
At home . Is that a bad thing ? 
Rainy run . Soaked . Shins hurt . \ 
Otherwise , had a good day ! 
Is PUMPED for State ! 
Two weeks off baby ! Time to eat crap and get fat ! 
Would like to know why my eyes keep getting red and irritated . 
What's everybody's plans for this weekend ? 
Thanksgiving break . Awesome . 
Going to my lakehouse for Thanksgiving ! Will be back Sat . 
Facebook fails at notifications . Been working on Holocaust Project and making Ezzi's Cheat Sheet while listening to Pandora and early day tomorrow .. \ 
Oh yeah , today is going to be epic . 
PSAT score = meh\ 
The < PROPMALE > and the Pauper = This Book is IMPOSSIBLE 
Ezzi's Health class is going to kill me before it's over . 
My Biology Semester Exam Study Guide is encrypted . Only I may read it because the text is so small . 
These exams are going down . 
\Cause sometimes you feel tired 
FREEEEEDDDDDDDDDOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMM !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Oh how much I enjoy Christmas break . 
Listening to Eminem , watching < PROPFIRST > play Assassians Creed : Brotherhood , and getting ready to watch Step Brothers on my new laptop . Oh Christmas , how I missed you . 
Just watched Wedding Crashers . Genius . 
Snow right now , please . 
Not so sure about this game , 28-7 ... 
Is pretty sure we are going to go to school tomorrow . 
Is not ready to freeze to my desk in the morning tomorrow . Heard it's supposed to get around 15 or so in the morning .. 
Got out early . WHOOOO !!!! 
Is ready for January to be over already . 
Wants school to be over , now . 
Can tell this weekend is going to be amazing . 
Good night . Now I'm just going to make sure if my roomate in college has medication to take . 
No school ? Awesome . \ 
All nighter ? Even better . 
Is burned out in school . Wait ? Whats that ? Almost done with 3rd quarter and almost done with winter ? Thank you God , now I'm motivated . 
Got my top braces off ! 
Waiting to see if mount will get out from school tomorrow because its storming . 
Lose Yourself by Eminem will forever be my best pump up song . 
Just reread Fahrenheit 451 in exactly one hour . 
My shoes love me so much that their giving me < PROPFEMALE > splints . 
Dear Friday , your awesome . 
My brain is still hurting from Mrs. Bonner's English project/exam . 
Renegades of Funk-RAM\ 
Nuff said . 
Oh such an exciting friday night . 
Is 15 Pieces of Bacon ENOUGH ?! 
Thursday Night , oh you'd better watch out 1600 . That race is mine . 
Did good in Intramurals and got first in my heat for the one mile . It's been a good day . 
On the road to Colorado . Wohhooooo Spring Break !! 
Watching Anchorman . 
Going to go try to run in Colorado tomorrow . \ 
In 25 degree weather . \ 
In 9300 elevation . \ 
After skiing for 2days straight . \ 
For a 1-3-1 . This is going to be awesome . 
Finally back in Arkansas . Driving sucks . 
Why did you have to schedule a test for Monday ? Now I have to study . argh ! 
