feels overwhelmed with all this unstructured , free time . I've been wandering around my apartment for an hour ! Maybe I'll go wander around the mall ... 

Note to self : Do NOT eat a McDouble Cheeseburger while grocery shopping at the Bentonville Wal-Mart because former students WILL be there and think it's hilarious that I'm eating while shopping for food . * Sigh * 
is wondering why I am still awake . I WANT to go to sleep , but it just isn't happening . Bleah ... 
has cabin fever :( 
huge Catholic wedding $ 25,000 ; two-year drawn out separation/divorce $ 8,750 ; having drinks with my ex husband to celebrate ... priceless 
hopes today is foreshadowing of what's to come : lakeside with great friends , cold beer , and a lot of laughing ... seriously , what more could I ask for ??? 
thinks starting over has energy ... 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > . 
Why am I so accident prone ??? 
is going to read a book and take a nap in my parents ' backyard . I love the comfort being home brings . 
laying in bed and eating sushi .... This update is dedicated to < PROPFIRST > Brandt !!! 
Welcome to fitness week 2009 ! I feel yogAMAZING ... now for a swim , then a run this afternoon . 
I'm going for a speed run in the heat . Watch out for me passed out in a ditch ! 
\You can tell if a girl can dance by how she drinks a soda . \"" 
I was right . I knew it ! :) 
just cranked up the air and is singing VERY loudly to Christmas music while cleaning . \I love those J-I-N-G-L-E Bells . Oh \"" 
Why do birds think my hair is food ? It brings back memories of < PROPMALE > high when I was attacked by hummingbirds while waiting for the bus ! Seriously ... 
Canoeing . Nuff said . 
has a full tummy . Mmmmm . 
has a twitter ! 
is headed to Eureka Springs with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . I plan to eat my way through the city . 
I love < PROPMALE > . 
I like it when my day ends better than it began . 
My iPod is officially full . 
is enjoying fancy lemonade while reading on the balcony . Life is good . 
is redoing all my graduate paperwork since it was lost in my degree transfer . It wasn't fun the first time ! 
can't sleep .... AND is craving some potato salad and barbecue ! 
Sweat is my sanity . 
Fun is my middle name today . Watch out ! 
Nevermind . Fun will be my middle name tomorrow . It has been delayed due to the rain . Lazy or Food is my middle name today . Maybe both ... 
is adopting Sartre's philosophy , \People are hell . \"" 
I love crab legs , I love crab legs , I love crab legs . Hey . Hey . Hey . Hey . 
is on staycation . I have french onion dip , chips , and beer on the dock in the sun . Perfection . 
So , it turns out that the DANGEROUS snakes are sometimes SMALLER than you would think . I need a book with this kind of information . 
My friend just escaped from a hospital . Some days you just gotta laugh . 
If I had a time machine , I would go back in time and < PROPFEMALE > as < PROPFIRST > in the show Freaks in Geeks . This role was made for me . 
is gonna get a second dose of The Hangover . 
\Next week's no good for me . The < PROPMALE > Brothers are in town . \"" 
wants to be at the all-star game . 
Dear Dairy Queen : It's been an amazing week . I have loved our evenings together and the many moments of bliss we've shared . I've savored every burger and blizzard , but just as all good things must come to an end it is time for our moment in the sun to 
Over the state line and through the traffic to Grandmother's house I go ... 
went to school today . In July ! Just doesn't seem right ... 
I am realizing more and more everyday that I have no clue about life . I think I'm going to stop taking it so seriously and laugh at all the other people that are just as clueless as me . 
Where is the sound of the waves to put me to sleep tonight ? Right , I'm not on the beach anymore ... 
Cleaning from the inside out . Who knew how much my possessions made me cling to the past . It's a difficult day , but I hope it makes moving forward easier . If not , then I am torturing myself . 
I found my gold glitter jeans in the back of my closet ! I wonder if I could wear them on casual Friday ? Hmm , I see an episode of The Office replaying in my head ... 
is in denial about being sick . 
A three hour nap followed by twelve hours of sleep . Grogginess clouds my mind . Maybe a Starbucks green tea soy latte will bring clarity . 
1 am . It's a requirement if I'm still awake . Taco < PROPFEMALE > . I'll hate myself when I wake up , but right now it's the best idea I've had all day . 
Caramel Kiss body lotion is awesome . It smells divine ; however , I don't recommend eating it ... 
Drinking wine . Cleaning . Singing to < PROPFEMALE > Hilson . Sorry neighbors . 
On my way to do a practice run for my marathon . I CAN do this . I can DO this . 
Naturals game . Yesss ! 
is baking a chocolate cake from scratch for my mom who is visiting today ! Well , and also because I love to eat . But , mostly for my mom ! 
Marathon workout 1 of 78 complete ... I've got a long way to go . 
Why did I choose teaching as my profession when I know I'm not a morning person ??? 
Since I already have a bruise the size of a basketball on my leg I think I might ride my bike ... 
I want to be a bounty < PROPMALE > . 
As it turns out , there are still things in the world that can embarrass me . Ugh . 
I love the people I work with . 
I am very pleased with the first day of school . I'm ready with the exception of the innards of my cabinets all over my room ! 
is going to bed . In my defense , I've been up since five and worked out twice . The only thing that makes me want to stay awake is a McDouble from McDonalds . 
I just got home from school , but everything in my room now has a home . 
Just got a fat Coke . Things should start getting better now . 
I'm choosing to optimistic , but I'm pretty pleased with Open House . I will definitely get to use my conflict management skills this year ! I was getting a little < PROPMALE > ... 
Tomorrow is a day of new beginnings- literally and figuratively . I can't wait ! I'm due a good year !!! 
It's just another manic Monday . 
I made my first student cry today . I got the award for my team this year . I hope I got it for the whole 6th grade . That would be quite an honor !.. and it would promote my mantra for the year . 
I definitely had a double cheeseburger day . 
worked out for 3 hours today . Take that lasagna !!! You will not go to my thighs today ! 
I am hanging out with my dad . We are laptop buddies . 
Perfect weather for a 15 mile run . I just hope I don't throw up the donuts I just ate . That would be a waste ... 
Run . Check . Ice bath . Check . Vomiting . Check . I knew not to mess with what works . Sonic < PROPFEMALE > limeade and mozzerella sticks are the best post run snack . I will not make this mistake again . 
I am missing having a backyard right now . 
History Fact for the Day : WWII began 70 years ago today . 
Muddy from hiking , but I'm still alive ... 
was a boat driving machine today ! 
I just taught myself how to convert YouTube videos to embed in PowerPoint offline ... Muah hah ha ha 
is feeling empowered right now . Don't mess with me . I will cut you ! 
Chocolate covered strawberries , malibu pineapple , tuscan lemonade , and cards with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . What a neat idea . 
I don't have the swine flu ; I have Razorback fever !!! 
is going to dream about junk food tonight ... 
16 < PROPMALE > . Monster Marathon Month begins TODAY . Ugh . Can't I sleep in ? 
loves tailgating Razorback games ! 
is eating spinach meatballs in bed while listening to the rain . Grading papers can wait another day . 
The weather .... Ba da ba BA bah I'm lovin it . 
I'm having difficulties with self control . I'm in bed with a four pound bag of Halloween < PROPFEMALE > binging like I'm bulimic . I know I'm not going to throw it up . Too bad ... 
I am drinking my dinner . In the form of a chocolate milkshake . Totally worth skipping out on the nutritional crap for empty , glorious calories . Sluuuurp ! :D 
Excellent 5K this morning . Lots of hills and laughing . Good day . 
Four more days until Pumpkin Pie Concretes at < PROPMALE>'s Frozen Custard !!! Is it bad I know that ? 
I hope I have my motivation to run back ! 7 x 1 mile repeats and feeling good . I hope it stays this way ! It must've been the big fat bowl of turkey noodle soup my mother gave me . 
feels crummy . 
Peppermint < PROPFEMALE > tea , my pjs , and Glee . Cozy ... 
ran 15 < PROPMALE > . What's sad is my nose ran more than I did . At least I'm working on my < PROPMALE > costume for Halloween . 
Bio-freeze on my shoulders and knees , Vapor rub on my chest , and ointment on my nose and chaffed skin . I think I'm ready for bed . 
Break me off a piece of that ... Fan-cy Feast . 
has just begun two very interesting experiments . Let the game of manipulation begin ! 
I lost my spot on the treadmill at the gym to a < PROPMALE > . That's what I get for taking a potty break . 
got to experience what a damsel in distress is like tonight . I like that role more than I thought I would . 
I think I am officially a Razorback fan . Anyone who wakes up at 5:30 am for their team must be . C'mon Hogs ! 
is having a pity party . I ran 10 < PROPMALE > when I was supposed to go 20 , and I didn't get any help when I called for a pep talk . I guess I'll just lie in bed and verbally assault myself for a little while . 
Girls night out ! 
I just cut my bangs with finger nail clippers . Who says I'm not ingenuous ? 
Sleep . Not . 
has spikey hair ... all I need is my own gun and I'm officially a badass . 
is giddy . 
wants to know what kind of < PROPFIRST > Mouse operation are they running ?! 
I think I'm going to write a book about my life , but I'm still unsure what to call it . 
Bah , bad run ! 
is ready for a better day . 
I'm going to run my way to Springfield . The plan : 7 < PROPMALE > in < PROPFEMALE > Vista , 6 < PROPMALE > in Joplin , and 7 < PROPMALE > in Springfield . The idea is to trick myself into the 20 < PROPMALE > . It might just work ... 
wants to carve pumpkins ! But , I feel lame if I do it alone . Stupid . 
My students made a S.S. facebook group so we can talk about current events and get homework when they miss school . Love them ! 
I have been SO tired all day and now I am wide awake . 
In the ghetto ... 
Bring on the rain . 
Halloween is just one more reminder of how far away I am from having kids to decorate the house for or go trick or treating with . A lovely beginning to a very lonely holiday season . Bah humbug . 
Judge me all you want , but I'm putting up my Christmas tree today . 
can't stop watching Greek . 
Countdown until family fun begins ! 
Turns out family and friends can fill the hole in my heart left by the past . 
Love Actually , wine , and my Christmas tree . Read ' em and weep . 
has a busy weekend planned . This never happens ! 
A closet full of clothes and nothing to wear . Sigh . 
One more day . One more day . One . More . Day . 
The Girls on the Run race was a blast ! Now , it's time for my celebratory nap for the race and the beginning of Thanksgiving Break . 
is airing up my bike tires , then going for a ride - or fall . 
is about to be a cooking fool . 
\Girl you know it's true . Ew EW Eeww . I love you ! \ " Gotta just laugh at the things in my brain . " 
I just saw a falling star-first time ever . Hope has been restored for the impossible . 
Why do stalkers have to be creepy ? Why can't they be cute and cuddly like a pet ? Yuck . 
TV shows on DVD is either the best or worst idea ever . I can't stop watching True Blood ! 
is in the mood to go out be wild . If only I was still in college and could get away with it . 
is eating french onion dip and chips for dinner . Come to momma . 
Best bunco ever . 
is more giddy than any girl has the right to be . 
is volunteering at Aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s school today . I've been practicing my jump and squirrel . 
almost killed my sister's dog . Almost ... 
It's the most wonderful time of the year .... to go running in the slushy rain . 
has an ear to ear smile . :D 
Cleaning out my bathroom , mind , body , and spirit . 
Nap time . I love breaks . 
received my 2010 planner today ... it ranks up there with school supplies and new books . Exciting ! 
The theme last year was the year of Ginney ; this year it's balls deep . 
Is participating in a community dog catching in Joplin . Who says good citizenship is dead ? 
has decided to take 2010 by the balls ... the theme this year : Gumption . 
Of course Arkansas has to be the most complicated state to change my name . Every other state lets me fill out a piece of paper . Guess I'm going to court , folks . 
Thinks my food philosophy applies to life . I always overfill my plate and eat it all . Feels like what this semester will be like . 
It is a hashbrown day . < PROPFEMALE > will know what I mean . 
\Just call me Mr. Flinstone . I can make your bed rock ! \ " ... gotta love top 40 music . " 
I am such a good student ! If I had me in class I would love me ! New binders with tabs : all labeled and filled with PowerPoints . I already read chapter one and took notes . All I need is a bow to put on my head to prove I am offically teacher's pet . If only I were like this in high school . 
had a ' put my underwear on inside out ' day . 
is finding it hard to get excited . When did I become so jaded ? 
Oh , what a tangled web we weave . What really sucks is I don't know how to weave , so it's an even BIGGER mess . 
\Let's go get the shit kicked out of us by love . \ " -Love Actually ( Amazing Movie ) " 
Sixty percent of the time , it works every time . 
Off to Anal . Making .... why would my Analytical Decision Making professor word that in an email to me . Doesn't he know I have the matureness of an eleven year old boy ? I am VERY excited to see what I learn today ! 
If you and I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... 
Seriously ??? Just called it a snow day already ! 
Finally taking down my Christmas Tree . Judge me all you want . 
It's harder to find a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > costume than I thought . Bring out the red duct tape . 
Being snowed in alone is the worst ! You think a cab would take me to Boomer's ??? 
Who knew ? A bottle of wine makes everything more interesting . 
I love it when my friends with families adopt me . Going sledding !!! 
Lights on . Can't sleep . Obvious reason : there is a demon in my apartment . And don't tell me I'm irrational . I saw the movie Paranormal Activity tonight . 
I wish they'd postpone school already so I can procrastinate on my research paper a little longer . 
My procrastination paid off ... NO SCHOOL ! 
If I would've been a teenager in the 80s I would've been SO hot . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under the comments !!!! 
met < PROPFIRST > for < PROPMALE > time . I feel better ! :) 
I'm going to eat my weight in tacos . 
That's a bingo ! Bingo Night . 
just had a crummy workout . I need a physically challenging goal to motivate me !!! 
leopard print blouse , skinny jeans , and four inch bronze heels .... bring it on fashion show . 
Finished my paper in record time . I still am convinced I do my best work under pressure . Just in time to go watch the Saints win the Super Bowl ! 
Happy Birthday to my dad ! I attribute my work ethic , sense of humor , and fear of costumed people to you . Love you . 
I guess I'm a simple pleasures kinda girl , but there is nothing better than clean sheets and freshly shaven legs . 
wishes there were a night school for middle school . I am so much more productive from 4-midnight . 
I hope no one can see in my apartment right now ... 
Its Valentines week on Facebook . Change your profile pic to a pic of you and your significant other and tell us how long you have been together . 
Drinking beer + working out = Thursday night . Hope I don't puke . 
Polar Bear Plunge tomorrow ! Go support the Special Olympics at Beaver Lake ( at noon ) and look for the hot girl dressed up like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dancing to \Thriller . \ " FAB-U-LOUS !!! " 
is exhausted ! 
made the front < PROPFEMALE > of the newspaper . 
Nostalgia is a funny thing . 
is word vomit . 
I love how the universe opens up for me when I open myself up to it . 
is taking advantage of the weather and going on a night run ! And , yes , mother , I have my cell phone with me . 
Has a new favorite thing : Dr. Pepper freezer pops . I think they had me in mind when they created them . 
Leave me one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot ... anything you remember . Don't send a message , just leave a comment below this post . Next , repost this in your status , and see how many people leave you a memory . 
Father/Daughter time . 
Sick . On the up side I love night time medicine and my sinus rinse . 
It doesn't feel like a sick day because I've spent the whole day grading papers . Blah ! 
If the universe opened any wider it would swallow me up . 
New Shoes . :D 
Have a nice trip , see you next fall . * Sigh * 
2 cities , 5 < PROPMALE > , 40 minutes , and spit came back and hit me in the face only once . Success . 
Every day is a new day . Thank goodness . 
Doorman . Doorman . Doorman ! Doorman ! DOORMAN ! 
is getting a degree in kickin ' ass and takin ' names . 
wants to be a superhero . 
Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland !!! 
One puzzle piece at a time . I guess I should learn to love puzzles . 
is ready to take on the world . I just ran hills ! 
Zen moment . 
likes immediate results . 
\You crack me up like a knuckle sandwich . \ " Best compliment I've ever been given . " 
How can something that once made you so happy now make you want to vomit everywhere ? 
At least I come by it honestly . 
is making a comeback . Can you handle it ?! 
I like my fortune from Mama Fu's: \You do not have to know where you are going to be headed in the right direction . \"" 
Ima B . Ima B . Ima Ima Ima B in KC for the Black Eyed Peas ! 
Shooting at the walls of heartache . Bang . Bang . I am the WARRIOR ! 
Spring break is on ! First on the to do list is go to the lake with two of my favorite people and maybe see a dead person . I'm keeping my fingers crossed . 
is being a homebody and loving it after a wild , fun , bare butt slapping weekend with the best family and friends a girl could ask for ! 
Any ladle is sweet that dishes out some gravy . 
Road Trip # 2 in progress . Hopefully I'll actually reach the destination this time ! Don't miss me too much Arkansas . 
Driving on country roads with my windows down and music cranked up might the best thing in the world . 
I am in love with my new MacBook . Best decision of my life . I might marry it . 
woke up at 7:35 and I have to be at work at 7:45 . Welcome back to school , Ginney . Ugh ! 
had a double cheeseburger day . 
Warm weather , Mexican food , and baseball game .... FANTASTIC night . 
Texas legislation just passed to rewrite the history books . There will be no mention of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , the 5 freedoms granted in the Constitution , and many other staples of history . 
is sitting on the couch eating Cadbury Eggs with my mom . GOOD Friday . 
figured out the name for my book . \A Runner's Guide to Life . \ " or \ " Life's Guide to Running . \"" 
bought a rabbit . Happy Easter ! And , think about it . 
is a cockeyed optimist . 
forgot how much I enjoy cooking . 
Insomniacs unite ! 
is going for a long run . 
had to add things to my bucket list just to cross them off this weekend . I love it when spontaneous things happen to me . 
Well , that's just kick you in the crotch spit on your neck fantastic . 
Not up in here ! NOT up in here !!! 
Day is ending on a good note . I like that . 
SO excited about my new MIDI keyboard that I could pee my pants . 
\When I pulled my hamstring I went a saw a misogynist . \ " -Glee . Love it . " 
Little Rock is about to move up on the awesome scale ... Lord T & < PROPFEMALE > here we come ! 
Danced on the stage at the concert last night . In my mind's eye I was < PROPFEMALE > Spears ... in a good way . 
aka Sandwich Fanatic . 
Brain . Not . Working . Any . More . :( 
One reflection done . Two take home finals , one significant activity , and one emotional breakdown to go . Pass the reposado please . 
One final left . BOOM . 
has the best family in the whole entire world . No one can even compare . 
I'd like to live my life through music lyrics . 
is typing through the tears . Why did I procrastinate my 32 < PROPFEMALE > take home final ? 10 questions to go . 
I'M DONE !!! Elation ensues ... 
I have decided my classroom is more like a jail cell than a work place . 
has lost faith . Maybe I should listen to more < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 
Things are about to get a little wild in Northwest Arkansas . 
Why do people always assume I'm dead or in jail if I don't answer my phone ? 
I'm building a new identity- searching for sweaters with animals on them . I'd prefer them to be 3D like a lion with yarn for the mane coming off the sweater . 
Tomorrow is my Friday . Read it and weep . 
was told by a student today that I was the crunch to her Raisin Bran . You can't compliments like that just anywhere . 
My phone is broken . If you've texted me after 9 am this morning then I haven't gotten it . Mom , I am home . < PROPFEMALE > , come over so we can go to < PROPFIRST>'s together ! < PROPFIRST > , I am coming to the party so don't worry ! I am not going to freak out about this . I am not . 
Going to look at open houses . I think I might buy a house . 
My phone is working again ! Glorious . 
Put that in your juice box and suck it . 
is going on a movie date ! He's always excited to see me , he holds my hand in the scary parts , and he even shares his popcorn . He may only be seven , but he's a better date than most guys I go out with . 
My brother got a job in KC ! I am so proud and so happy . Congratulations < PROPFIRST > ! You truly deserve this . 
Don't take life to seriously . No one gets out alive anyway . 
finally made a connection with my homeroom kids today . It was a very special day . 
Yearbook signing day makes me feel like I'm a celebrity . < PROPFIRST > Bieber and Ke$ha ain't got nothin on me . 
Just spent the past hour sitting on the deck of a house that doesn't belong to me pretending it's mine . It is for sale though . 
I think I might be the real live version of < PROPFEMALE > Lemon .... Sitting at home watching tv with the big goal of trying to eat an entire carton of french onion dip and bag of potato chips . 
I get to wear gym clothes to school all week . An excellent bonus to yelling in the faces of 12 year olds after beating them in the mile run in P.E. It's gonna be a good week . 
has a Sonic drink and is on my way to watch some students ' baseball game . Great day for baseball ! 
Guess I can't quote Hangover at school anymore without anyone getting it . Why are so many parents letting their 12 year olds watch the movie ? You are ruining my fun at school ! 
So , my worst fear was realized today . Looking like an idiot in front of my colleagues , principals in my district , and my superintendent . At least I got it out of the way early . 
Indigo Girls are beast . There's nothing like dancing with a bunch of women on the lawn . I am empowered , bitches ! 
headed to the pool . I may have 2 weeks left of school , but I am starting my summer vacation . 
Took a nap at the pool and a nap in a hammock . Where else ... 
had a binge eating weekend and it was glorious . 
Today is my favorite day of the year . School is out and I get to look forward to an amazing summer ! 
Looking at houses . Take two . 
On my way to KC to visit < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Washington D.C. + 11 kids + me . I know I shouldn't be as excited as I really am but I am so pumped ! 
Today's events included : 2 hour flight delay , a Home Alone sprint to catch a connecting flight in Chicago with 10 preteens , the Smithsonian National Air and Space Museum , National Archives , White House , World War II Memorial , and Washington Monument . Oh , and in between my phone broke so don't call me . But , all in all , I'm in heaven . 
Day 2 : Tour of the Capitol , Lunch at Union Station , Fords Theatre and Museum , Souvenir Shopping , Museum of American History , Dinner at Phillips Seafood on the Potomac River , Museum of Natural History , FDR Memorial , < PROPMALE > Memorial , and a short swim at the pool . We laughed until our sides hurt or were learning throughout all of it- perfect balance . 
Day 3 : Arlington National Cemetery , Iwo Jima Memorial , Lunch at McDonalds , < PROPFIRST > Einstein's Statue , Embassy Row , Holocaust Museum , Dinner at < PROPMALE>'s Pizza ( voted #1 pizza in D . C . ) , Korean War Memorial , < PROPMALE > Memorial , and Vietname War Memorial . 
Day 4 : Mt . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Smithsonian Natural History Museum again , Smithsonian Castle , a couple rounds on a carousel , subway ride , a 2 hour wait for a flight that was canceled , a 2 minute crying session privately in the bathroom , another 2 hour wait for new tickets and a hotel room , a shuttle back to the hotel , and an hour supervising kids swim . At least I get to get up at 4 am for a flight home . * sigh * 
made it home yesterday from D.C. and slept from 4 pm yesterday until 8 am today with a brief moment of consciousness to activate my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > phone and let my mom know I got home . Today I leave for Memphis ! I hope my grad professor understands when I don't turn my paper in on time this week . 
is in Memphis ! Boom . 
I am trying to think of a road trip for 4th of July weekend . I wanted to go to Mt . Rushmore but they aren't doing a fireworks display this year . Any ideas ? 
Just went to < PROPMALE>'s with my family in the 79 Buick LeSabre convertable . 
can't wait to sleep in my own bed tonight !!!! Ahhh ... 
Dear Summer Break : I was really looking forward to seeing you this year , but I'm afraid it just isn't going to work out . Things just keep getting in the way and every day I miss you more and more . Please tell me it isn't too late , and that I will still get to see you before the smell of freshly sharpened pencils haunt the air and I am once again imprisoned in my cubicle of body odor and pee-drenched shoelaces . 
In 24 hours I will be the happiest person in the world . 
I . AM . OFFICIALLY . ON . SUMMER . BREAK . BOOM ! 
sitting on the lake with friends is the best thing in the world . 
got lost and found myself on the Masochistic Nostalgia Highway , but quickly exited once I realized where I was . Close one . 
is going on a lake adventure . 
Since when did home buying become so emotional ? 
I'm hoping for a huge thunderstorm ! I've got a ton of old movies and endless french onion dip and chips . Bring it ! 
Wish I could sleep . Instead I'm interior decorating my house in my mind . 
It's official . I'm buying a house . And a dog . I don't think it's so weird that I put the dog in the contract . When it's right , it's right . 
The cat just drank the milk out of my cereal bowl . Cat -1 Me- 0 
The dogs just pooped on the deck because it's raining . Dogs - 1 Cats- 1 Me- 0 . 
Sitting at the low water bridge on the Elk River and watching the people go by MIGHT be my new favorite pastime . 
Went to the butcher shop and got me a pound of baked potato salad . Glorious . 
is 6:45 pm too early to go to bed ? It doesn't really matter . I'm going to anyway . 
Just googled how to pee standing up . I really think this is something I could get on board with . 
Woke up with every animal in the house in bed with me . I have no choice but to be in a good mood . And I was really looking forward to being cynical today . Maybe tomorrow . 
Back to reality ... 
BLTs , fried zucchini and beer with my mom .... Good Day . :) 
wants to find my unicorn . 
Mexican Villa I have missed you . Yum ! 
Going canoeing with my dad tomorrow . :) 
Road trip to Wisconsin ... 
Payton shared his fries today ! I'm in ... 
So much time and so little to do . Wait . Scratch that . Reverse it . 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > Galore with Payton today . I think that's the most he's every talked to me in all the time we've spent together . Combined . :) 
Moving day ! 
has a big smile on my face . 
Survived my first overnight hospital stay . I would like to thank the amazing drugs offered by the hospital making my stay a more enjoyable one . I'm in room 507 at Mercy . Come visit me . 
Day 3 in the hospital . I have cabin fever , but at least I get a sponge bath today . 
I am now changing my own dressing . There is something unnatural about shoving gauze soaked in a bleach/peroxide blend into a gaping hole in my leg that is unnatural . 
Why am I still in the hospital ?! I am going to hurt someone !!! 
is finally feeling the benefits of time off work . Sitting on the deck reading beats sitting in a hospital room any day . Even if I have to be a masochist . Worth it ! 
Today is going to end better than expected . I love it when that happens . 
wants to punch her nurse in the ovaries for ripping open my wound . Thanks . I'm glad you knew what you were doing . Let's try and put me back in the hospital shall we ? Let the emotional breakdown ensue ... 
I have entered 4 grades , conducted 3 interviews , written 2 papers , made 1 presentation with a partridge in a pear tree . All within 2 days . < PROPFEMALE > . Well don't mind if I do . 
Enjoying the day . It's that simple ! 
Listening to Christmas music and folding laundry . Whatever works ... 
My hair fits in a ponytail ! Epic . 
Does anyone have a pencil I can use to stab myself in my eye . 
is going to attempt to be domesticated tonight and sew Halloween costumes . 
Running hills tonight . I might cry . Nobody look . 
Got a good run in . Could've used a little rain , but I will take it ! 
I am healed !!! No more packing , pressing , or padding . Who knew how glorious normalcy could be ? 
Put out the Christmas dishes tonight . I am squealing with joy ! 
I have a paper due tomorrow and I left my stuff at school . At least I get to go to bed early . 
and the Terrible , Horrible , No Good , Very Bad Day . I think I'll move to Australia . 
Nine Days ... 
There's nothing like a long , luxurious run on a brisk fall morning . The hills of Lake Atlanta will not win today , my friend . Not today . 
Would anyone like a filing cabinet , computer desk , or E machine desktop computer with a flat screen monitor ??? I want it OUT of my house ASAP . If you will come get it I will also give you a free beer , shot of Patron , or Jaegermeister . 
I just won at LIFE !!! The game , obviously ... not the real one . 
\I love smiling . Smiling's my favorite . \"" 
Used a picture of a cartoon character as inspiration to get my hair cut today . Unconventional , yet brilliant . 
My house is covered in ice . I feel like I live in an igloo and I like it ! 
is impatiently waiting to be Missouri bound to visit family and the Christmas Lights at Steal Your Dollar City . * Sigh * 
is putting up Christmas lights ! 
is sitting in class Facebooking ... I'm worse than my students . 
< PROPFEMALE > , Red Bull , Gin , and Whiskey . 
I love those J-I-N-G-L-E Bells . Oh ! 
Why am I a teacher when my most productive hours are between 9 pm and 2 am ??? 
is analyzing data . Did you know that the ACSIP plan to improve the maximum gains , based on the AYP of the SI status is directly correlated to the FRL ? No ? Lucky you . 
My mind is numb . 
I have found a place to permanently perch myself and watch television . This is why I can't have it at my house . I will never move now . 
I'm watching Love Actually for the bazillionth time and very thankful that my empathy has transferred from the more pathetic character to one that finds happiness . Warm fuzzy feelings are nice . 
I think I am a 65 year historian man with coke bottle glasses and a monotone voice trapped in a 28 year old female body . 
I am officially addicted to podcasts . 
The bad news is I no longer have my employee discount for my phone . 6 years past working for Best Buy is a good run . The good news is I have an iPhone ! 
Best day of school this school year . I'm not sure why the universe makes me wait for things , but I will take what I can get . 
Touchdown Arkansas ! OoooOooOOO ! 
Boom ! Snow day . 
The best part about the snow day today ... No crosswalk duty ! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > from the Facts of Life on What Not to Wear . What she is going through is resonating with me . Therapy on TLC . 
I'm the kid who tattles on myself . 
You would think since I've been in my house for almost six months now I'd be unpacked . You would also be wrong . 
Snow days are the best . Biscuits and gravy for breakfast and then a nap by the fireplace . 
I just found out to continue getting my financial aid I have to be enrolled in two classes . Who wants a life anyway ? 
I am in search of a hobby . Any ideas ? 
Someone bought me a pair of Ugg < PROPFEMALE > slippers and just made me the giddiest girl west of the Prime Meridian . 
Still not home yet . Argh . 
Going for a run in the blizzard ! 
The dogs and I ran in a fabulous winter wonderland ! Note to self : I need better gloves and a hat that also covers my face to run with winds like this . However , my new Under Armour cold weather running pants kept me nice and cozy ! 
So , I have this friend who met her boyfriend's friends last night . She was a little nervous so she socially lubricated the situation with jaeger . She mixed up some of the friends , stroked a man's beard , and danced with a transvestite . They won't forget her that's for sure . 
I made the mistake of shaving my ass now it is engulfed with ingrown hairs so bad I cant sit down 
Never leave your phone out at a super bowl party . < PROPFIRST > Henderson , I will get you back . 
Mubarak resigned !!! 
Shut down < PROPFIRST > D's . I'm very proud of myself ! 
Do they still make Honda Preludes ? I want one ! 
I just left school ... on a Friday ! That's sacrilegious . 
When in Rome ... 
I'm a big kid now ! ( I just filed my taxes and got money back ) 
Off with their heads ! Here I come Polar Bear Plunge ! 
I survived ! Pictures to come later . We won ... again ! 
Meeting a very important person today ! I've never been so nervous !!! 
Today is a great day to be outside ! Just ran 7 < PROPMALE > . My new running partner made it seem like 2 ! 
The dentist says I have braces in my future . Now I really will look like a 12-year-old boy . Shut it , < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I have tickets to see the Dalai Lama ! 
See if you can follow this : I ordered a printer at the end of January . I have to sign for it or fill out a special form for it to be delivered , but I have to print the form to fill it out to get the printer . But , I need the printer to print the form so I can sign for the printer ! However , I asserted myself on enough people that they finally gave me the printer . What a fiasco ! 
I rode a horse for the first time today ! 
You know how the weather changes the kiddos ' behavior at school ? I think the tsunami has impacted the collective good . Everyone seems to be nut-so today . And yes , that is the official verbiage . Nut-so . 
Finished my midterm . I am convinced that graduate school is more a lesson in being humbled than anything else . Every time I think I know something I realize how much I don't know . 
Pop's Dairy < PROPFEMALE > . Nostalgia in a cone . 
I must have some good < PROPFEMALE > going on . I just got hit by a car on the highway at 75 mph and had no damage . 
I just got my first pedicure of the season . The weather can officially be nice now . 
Just bought sheets at the spa . It's either weird or genius . 
More than anything else running is about giving up . Whether running twenty minutes , forty minutes , or even four hours , it is about giving up self doubt , conditioned fear , and preconceived notions . It is about embracing pain . For with pain comes clarity and simply existing , even if just for a few brief moments . 
I am becoming increasingly obsessed with listening to Supreme Court cases and convinced I should've been a lawyer . My case today : < PROPFEMALE > HiTS 4 JESUS . 
Is out of my comfort zone . 
I get to meet baby < PROPFIRST > today !!! 
My bedroom is in my living room , and my living room is scattered everywhere . Why ? Well , because it's my house , and I can . 
