is staying at the same place as < PROPFIRST > Lautner ! but not stalking him . nope . never . 

is home ! 
misses camp alreadyyy :( 
is doing summer homework . Wheee . 
hi . my name is < PROPFIRST > . and i work in a button factory . i've got a wife a dog and a family . one day my boss came up to me and said hi < PROPFIRST > . are you busy ? i said no . ^^stuck in my head >.< 
L'ecole me bouffe la vie ! ( School is eating my life ! ) 
is discovering that despite much practice today , she's getting any better at throwing kleenexes into a trash can across the room hehe 
wants Nutella !! 
has to do homework .. go away facebook ! 
is eating an apple and nutellaaaaa !!!! 
reading fanfics <3 
has an essay due at midnight , so , obviously , I'm on facebook ! 
is going through her 200 plus college emails . Whee . 
If the bombs go off , the sun will still be shining , because I've heard it said that every mushroom cloud has a silver lining . -Owl City <3 
got a hand-me-down laptop ! 
So I'm looking up the physics of slinkys for my science project and came across this : \Slinkys LOOVE to vibrate or swing against their axes and can have quite large oscillations - over two feet in amplitude\ " Anyone think this sounds like a kind of personal ad ? " 
Anybody get their AP scores yet ? Apparently some girl my sister knows got hers today . 
Cleaning up my facebook because a stalker mock trial day .. 
Pew pew i got your intestines , now you can't absorb nutrients ! ¡rachel renken 
I just read The Hunger Games yesterday ! I ended up not sleeping until I finished at 2am . IT'S SO GOOD !!! 
I was messing around with old emails and ended on my blog from sophomore year ... Reading it , you can just feel the angst . It's pretty bad . 
3 more days ! Nebraska , here I come ! 
So .. my dorm room had a broken air conditioner . Instead of getting it fixed , the maintenance people did something that made it smoke . Now we're getting it replaced , but it was just pouring smoke and if we hadn't called them our dorm room would have caught fire ! 
Need guns rule 
