Happy New Year ! :) 

welcomes everyone to the Year of the Miha . :) 
is pretending he is productive ... such hard work ! 
is enjoying a slow Sunday . 
is tired of making difficult decisions ... any easy one would be nice once in a while . 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > for a few days . 
is getting ready for dinner ... time to meet some good ' ol SGers :) 
was impressed by the Fête de la Musique ! 
is going home today ... 
has his student visa ... in a new passport . Yay ! :) 
hopes the rain goes away ... 
is tired . An endurance test today ... went running three times and it feels great !! :) Hopefully no rain tonight which means hiking tomorrow morning ... 
thinks this change in weather better hold . Time to run for the hills !! ;) 
is enjoying the summer days !! Time to visit the music festival in town ! 
hopes all the Americans are having a good time !! :) 
is recovering after a fun night out ... 
can't stop reading ... so much for sleep . :) 
thinks he needs to ride a bike more often ... pain ... oh the pain ! :) 
has a week and a half left of doing nothing ... then its off to < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
is going to enjoy sleeping ! 
has a packed weekend planned ... last one in Europe for a while . :) 
is off to sleep ... then its off to < PROPFIRST > !! Yay for day-long travel plans ... 
is trying to pick an apartment ... so many nice choices . :) Had a fun day out ... < PROPFIRST > rocks so far ! 
is happy to have internet access again !! :) 
has a new friend : IKEA . :) 
is enjoying a quiet evening ... assuming the storm passes . ;) 
thinks another week without proper furniture will be bearable ... not that I really have a choice . :p 
thinks laundry is overrated ... why don't we all just walk around naked ? Oh wait ... it was the apple ... which clearly demonstrates that fruit is bad , m'kay ? Cake for everyone , just don't get in your clothes ! ;) 
is waiting for the sofa ... I hope it gets here soon ! 
is giving the furniture people till noon ... then I am off to camp . Tired of waiting and stomping around facebook all day . 
is of to UT 102 to learn more about internships and international student opportunities . So far I am very impressed with the efforts of UT & LBJ in particular . :) 
has not had a good day ... although I have no right to complain . 
thinks his Slavic blood failed him last night . :p I think better take it easy today , which sucks !! I was looking forward to the tour . 
thinks ... RAWR !! 
is wondering where the day went ... 
thinks the last of his stuff better arrive today ... or I'll throw a tantrum ... or something more productive . :p 
needs a drink ! First off , FedEx lost my desk . Yes , LOST . They are trying to find the shipment now . Who knows when I will finally get it , but they should expect a complaint letter soon . Then I talked to TimerWarnerCable ... oh dear . How these people still have any business left , I do not know . Avoid them like the bubonic plague !! Checking out DSL options now ... 
is finishing his first reading for the year ! 
is beat ... nothing like a long run , a bottle of fresh OJ and ... \The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers\ " . :p " 
is making good progress ... another two minutes of the time . Of course , its a lot cooler today so we'll see how it goes tomorrow . :) 
thinks AT&T has the friendliest customer service ! :) 
had a great time at the first Longhorn's game ! :) 
is working on next week's assignments ... and procrastinating ... guess which is winning ? :) 
thinks the subtleties of life make it all worthwhile . 
is reading and then off to watch the game ! :) 
Nice try Wyoming ... Longhorns rule ! 
needs to shorten his NIS paper ... its so easy to get carried away ! 
knows the truth about < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
fell asleep ... 
is off for an econ review , tailgate and payback . ;) 
is dealing with a hangover . Alcohol bad . :p 
is starting on next week's readings ... so ... much ... 
is working on NIS reading ... 
is working on econ ... and methods ... and procrastination . 
is being productive ... 
dum di dum di dum :) 
is trying to choose Spring 2010 classes ... 
V 
thinks \beta hat sexy\ " rules !!! " 
is doing chores to trance music ... and dacing a bit . ;) 
is going to search for food , cheese cake and productivity . 
is at a group project ... then food ... then chill ... then reading ... then sleep ... mmm .... 
is ecstatic !!! Slovenia is going to the World Cup !!! :) 
is getting productive ... one more paper to write . 
is in a good place . I like good places ... especially if they have cookies and sporks . 
is pretending he is enjoying reviewing econ and methods ... I wish I was better at faking it ... :p 
is planning for tomorrow . It will be a loooong day . 
thinks two more days are manageable . :) 
is going round and round and round ... I am not sure what . It looks like a fire . :) 
has gone back to methods reading . Next on the agenda : cookie dances and ice cream . :) 
is almost done ... one exam left . :) 
wants to see pictures from this night ! :) 
is working on NIS ... and wondering if he should copy/paste from his paper ... ;) 
thinks its time for changes . 
had an amazing time last night ! Mustaches , beer , pipes , actions figures , a < PROPFEMALE > and makers !!! :) 
is waiting for pictures so he has a new profile pic for Facebook . :) 
is now 100% done . Exam has been edited ( rofl ) . Final version ready to go . :) 
has had enough for a while ... time for a break . 
is off to MD for 10 days tomorrow . It will be good to get away from < PROPFIRST > and clear my head ... maybe . :) 
is packed and ready to roll ! Psyched !! :) 
is glad to be in MD ... and the drinking continues ! :) Now where is my snow ... 
just spent 2 hours int he blizzard looking for alcohol ... thank God for 7-Eleven ! :) 
thinks snow blowers are cool ... blizzards rule . 
wonders why so many of his friends have their birthday today ... don't they know March is the better month ?!? ;) 
is contemplating whether to keep it clean or get the goatie back ... 
is shocked ... the word \contraceptive\ " is censored on local TV here ! ROFL !! " 
is proud to have friends who go out of their way to help strangers ... on the other side of the world ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! :) 
has had a superb time in MD . One last day of craziness and then its time to head back to < PROPFIRST > . :) 
is back in < PROPFIRST > ... 
is getting ready for the New Year ... although , I've had a lot of practice so what I am getting ready for ? :) 
Happy 2011 everyone ! 
should not have access to email , Facebook , chat or other communication tools when drunk ... 
is waiting for the coldest day in < PROPFIRST > ... joy for another cold front ! :/ 
is doing chores ... not errands ... ;) 
learned something new today . 
thinks this night is still surreal ... :) 
is taking it easy today after a fun , but somewhat long day/night ... this week is time to get productive again . 
is looking for books ... 
finally watched The End of Time ... brilliant ! I hope the new Doctor can follow in < PROPFIRST > Tenant's footsteps . My favorite so far ! :) 
finds the rain ... wet . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > days ! :) 
is ready for the new semester to begin ! :) 
has a hangover ... its 2:30 am ! 
fun evening ! :) 
is an ENFP . 
feels alive ... its 5C and I ran 5k . :) 
had a dream that he perpetrated a heist with two friends ( < PROPFEMALE > and Milena ) . It was an Ocean's style heist . We framed someone else ( Patricio , thanks for taking one for the team ) and got directions from < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Many other friends were there too , but I can't make it all out yet . There was even a soundtrack ! Hahah ! Best dream in a long time ! Total take : 2.6 million . 
is enjoying the wonderful day ! :) 
praznuje Prešernov < PROPFIRST > ... no , sicer nimam predavanj ampak ... ;) 
solved the world's problems ... what is next ? 
is comparing muffins to cupcakes ... 
needs a new status ... 
is looking forward to the Year of the Tiger ! 
thinks its cool Tiesto is coming to < PROPFIRST > . :) 
thinks last night was an amazing journey ... to the evils of Walmart in a silver space ship , tire lube , angels , smoothness and a secret , fake language . And that is just the tip of the ice berg . :) 
loves Texas . :) 
salutes < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and his wisdom : \Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy . \"" 
reading by the pool ... could it get any less productive ? 
saw GWAR blow < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... 
thinks fudge is like a brownie except thicker ... just double the batter ! 
thinks a lot of his friends have birthdays today . :) 
... thanks for the warm wishes everyone !!! :) 
is dealing with being 32 ... ok , its not that bad . ;) 
Happy Easter ! 
The week was weak , the end is around the bend . :) 
Hello . My name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father . Prepare to die . 
“I know what I have given you . I do not know what you have received” - < PROPFIRST > Porchia 
is \Tom Friedmanesque\ " and has a \ " global village\ " (- < PROPMALE > ) ... citizenship applications are available here : http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/WQ8KQRT " 
beer + pool + friends = awesome :) 
lost < PROPFIRST > , went to 6th to find < PROPFEMALE > and Hoor , couldn't find his phone , couldn't find Scholtz's ( blame the beer ) , spent 30 < PROPFEMALE > listenting to a homeless guy's rant ( he was angry at the gov't ) , got home , went to sleep and now found out Scholtz's has his phone . Wooohooo !! :) 
had a great day , but is totally beat ... 
is working on energy policy ... I am thinking of recommending matter-antimatter reactors , hydrogen power and teleporters ... with a hint of unicorn and leprechaun . 
is pondering to what extent \first mover advantage\ " principles can apply to nations during implementation of a completely new energy infrastructure . " 
... one more exam .... 
is done with exams !! :) One year down ... where did it go ?!? ;) 
is preparing for the summer ... oh yeah !!! 
thinks some students back home need to learn how real life works ... 
has had enough of ABN Amro . If anyone is thinking of opening an account with them ... go somewhere else ! 
can't wait for the world cup to start ... I hope those of you staying in South Africa will go to a game or two . :) 
cat ? 
B&N email : \30% off < PROPFEMALE > Meyer + Free iPad eReader App . Good News Comes in Two's!\ " Err ... yeah ... :) " 
is at work ... feels so odd having a job where I don't need to worry about a fortune's worth of goods . Hahaha !! :) One thing is the same , though ... fun people to work with ! 
My phone died and with it all my < PROPFIRST > . If you see this , please send me a message with your number . :) 
One down , two to go in the group stage . :) Hey ... we have the same number of points as < PROPFEMALE > . Hahahaha ! 
is happy with the result ! :) 
Great game by Slovenia . The better teams won today ! :) 
is so bored right now ... 
is enjoying his class ... 
GO NETHERLANDS !!!! AWESOME !!!!!! 
... everybody wants to be naked and famous .... :) 
is wondering where everyone went ... 
does not like it when his computer crashes and he looses his paper ... back to < PROPFEMALE > 1 . Argh . 
.... sLOVEnia for teh win . 
loves his friends . :) 
is busy with Camp LBJ ... :) 
is excited about his trip to MD . Time for a short break from < PROPFIRST > . :) 
is having fun in MD ... but misses his Spork . 
is waiting for his new laptop ... 
wishes good luck to all his friends who plan to camp for Obama tickets ... 
hopes humanity has learned from this tarnished date in our history . 
lost his earphones to his cat ... the left one has been chewed through . ;) 
hot hot hot ... 
is getting ready for the first < PROPMALE > party of the year ( ie , being lazy ) . 
has a new laptop ... 
hopes everyone gets the classes they want ... I know its not possible to make everyone happy . But good luck !! :) 
... meh ... laundry and oven cleaning . So . Much . Fun . 
is done with class for the week . So far , so good . :) 
does not really look like his profile picture ... just so we are clear . :) 
thinks last night was fun ... but hopes he didn't do anything stupid . :) 
is looking forward to the new volleyball season . Just remember people : we do much better when we have fans . So join us on Wed at 8:45 pm at Aussie's Bar & Grill ( courts are in the back ) . :) 
is looking forward to tomorrow . :) 
hopes everyone at the library and on campus is safe . 
< PROPFIRST > or not to < PROPFIRST > ... that is the question . 
Does it get easier ? 
is excited about cheerios ... 
No rain , please ! Last volleyball game of the season ... oh , and I am hungry . :) 
GMAT ... Dec 1 ... 
thinks all things change , and change is good , because it is the way of the world . 
< PROPMALE > can fly !!!! 
GMAT sucks . I did ok , but not as good as I wanted . Now its up to my letters of rec to make up any ground ... 
If every opportunity could be exploited , life would be a sham . 
... the girls in wine country having a pillow fight in their undies ... mmmm ... < PROPFIRST > !!! 
TOEFL ... you are still boring . 
WBC pisses me off ... 
Does anyone know where I could find studies which deal with the shifts of public opinion during a worker strike ? 
... busy winter break ... 
is sitting at the union and enjoying the weather ... 
If I had a nickel for every weird person in < PROPFIRST > , I'd have a lot of nickels ... and one from myself . :) 
Goodbye PowerPoint ! Hello Prezi ! 
Cold Fusion ... my old friend . Well , not really . Its just back . Grrrr ! 
\Love and hate are the same side of a different coin ... \ " Haha ! " 
