is beat ! 

had the worst surf session of my life ! 
just got 16 orders all at once . sick . 
drove over 250miles throughout LA !! Just for work orders today . Sick . 
longest day ever and tomorrow will be worse . super ! 
taking the rest of the day off . 
had the biggest week in my company's history and its only Tuesday ! yay ! www.cdmpropertypreservation.com 
finishing two work orders today then camping tonight and surfing alllll day tomorrow ! holler ! 
still hungover !! but well worth it . 
whats up with real estate REO agents lately ?? they need to take the arrogance-stick out of their buttocks . 
freakin beat and super hungry . 
partyin HB side with tools and my friends . 
off to RISE AGAINST with gman and blade . you will find us in the parking lot drinking the sparks . you know youre jealous . 
at the beach ... then work . priorities . 
you down for some party bus action this friday to dive bars around the beach ? let me know asap . 
mmm , just planned vegas 2009 . 23 days and counting . 
going to surf , eat no < PROPFEMALE > oi , then work . 
happy hour = bad idea . 
3 days in a row of super fun surf !!!... should prob work sometime this week . 
best week of surf , worst week for the company . dunno how to feel bout that . 
off to work ! lame . 
is moving to spain !!! no , new zealand . yay . come visit . 
off to see COMPANY OF THIEVES . pumped to slay later . 
depression ... day before 26 . lame 
still feeling it 
would be nice to get some good surf without having to drive allllll the way south ; i mean it is my bday . 
hungry . fee me . 
frustrated and need motivation !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
off to work , then to surf . 
on my way to berkeley !!!! cheese board here i come :) 
surfing sloat in the AM . yay ! 
driving to the LBC . 
wants to be < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!! filthy . c'mon lotto ... 
need new clients !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Cannot find episode 13 season 1 of MAD MEN !!! what the frick internet ! 
wants the webber mini fish !!! looks so good . 
buying my flight to hawaii ... yes , that is right < PROPFIRST > . 7 days . that translates to getting a job as a cabana boy and never coming back to the mainland . 
cmon weekend ! good shit on the way . ooo oooooo . 
back to school . on the path to becoming a Physician assistant . 
usc can lick my balls 
Going to Laughlin ??? 
The new MUSE is intense ! DUcks game 2nite . yay putos . 
has an extra ticket to the Ducks/ Sharks game tonight . section203 row M ... only the best seats in the house . $26 !! Plus you get to sit by me . 
cant believe the Ducks traded Pronger ! Morons . 
served . 
T minus 5 years and ill be done with my masters ... ill be old too . 
anyone know of a place where I can take a condensed organic chem class ?? 
Just bought my three nights in San Fan ! Holler . 
afi out today . yay 
still dont get the point of the GRE .... who made up these fn words ? 
surf , then continue trying to slay the GRE . 
anyone have any good vocab tricks for memorizing GRE words ?!!!! or stuff they can email me ? 
< PROPMALE > is so money 
scored a rad position at HOAG hospital as a Clinical Care Extender . On my way to a masters in < PROPFEMALE > science ! holler . 
just finished glassing my broken board and im high as shit from the resin . feels wrong . 
glad i got the flu vaccination . $30 to feel like i have the flu . well spent . 
obama won the Nobel Peace Prize !!!! LAAAAAAAAMMMME ! 
start my new life on monday . 
it's unpatriotic and Terrorist-embracing to do anything but praise the President like some sort of college cheerleader ... Calling people unpatriotic and comparing them to Terrorists for failing to fulfill their solemn duty to praise the President on his Special Day and mindlessly support his accolades isn't clever or tough politics . It's weak , counter-productive , unprincipled , dumb and dangerous . -- Greenwald . 
just bought some rad GRE test prep supplies . Super excited . 
actually excited to be up this early ! 
class 8am - 5pm ! snap son . 
forgot the most important paperwork for tomorrow in LA !!! #@# ! @ ! #R #%# !!!! 
need to go back to sleep !!!!!!!!!! 
sooooo spent ! sleep . 
have an extra Company of Thieves ticket for next tuesday's show . who wants to go ? 
Practice question for my EMT exam \its early afternoon and the alarm sounds You are called to a scene at a railroad one of the workers is trapped between 2 cars . He is alert and tells you that as soon as the cars are moved he will die . He asks that you leave him alone with his wife and to do nothing heroic . which emotional response to death is your patient exhibiting ? \ " ... uhhhhh how intense is that ?! " 
cannot focus on my exam !!!!! 
better ace my exam considering i missed the best day of surfing in a long ass time !!!! so mad right now . 
is now trained in changing adult diapers , moving from gurney to bed , and bathing patients . one more step closer to my MPA !! 
has an extra Company of Thieves ticket for tomorrow night at the HOB . Lemme know if you want it !! $30 
i dont get it . baseball is super boring . 
best surf in a while . cant stop smiling . whos going tomorrow ? 
has an extra tiger army ticket for this weekend 10/24 . $26 . 
going out for the first time in a loong time and my only < PROPMALE > for a long time . 
have an extra Tiger Army ticket for tomorrow night in Hollywood . 
Tiger Army and Bleedning Through ! FriggnA 
EMT exam has got me stressssssssing !!!!! ahhhhhhhh . too much crap 
practicing patient assessment on my mom's daycare kids is more difficult than i thought . haha 
anyone wanna surf in the am .... after 10 ???????! 
off to san < PROPFEMALE > . 
whos in SF and is going out tonight ? 
bout to surf under the < PROPFEMALE > gate !... before the surf is too huge . hi < PROPMALE > . im sitting next to you ; wanna get breakfast ? 
2-3 times overhead with occasional 18 ft . and fair to good conditions . 
start \insanity\ " tomorrow . eek . " 
anyone have extra tickets to the rise against show ? 
bored and over reading about emergency medicine ... this shit can be depressing as hell !!!! 
red wings blow 
iTunes is soooo bad ! im going broke . 
arrrr !!!!!!!!!!! my only day off and NO surf . 
hahah wheeler hall is under siege 
Gosh darn it !!!! I just saw a group of 5 Jehovah’s witnesses outside my neighbor's house !! That means they are on the way to my house ! they saw me get something from my car so they know im home ; now im going to have to argue with them . 
surf was amazing this morning . sooooooooo ready for life now . 
last trauma exam tomorrow ! ooo ooooo ! 
arrrrrrrr why did they cancel TRAUMA !? 
frick ! my chem class is filled up already and i need it or the next two years of my life is messed up !!!!! 
i am thankful for yams . 
final EMT exam and skill exam this week !!! eeeeek . 
< PROPMALE > zinn's a people's history of the united states is debuts sunday night and is showing at UCLA tomorrow . Whos coming with me ? 
c'mon! couldnt there be a LITTLE SURF on my one day off !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
damnit ducks !!! WIN SOMETHING !!! 
has extra tickets to KROQ almost accoustic Xmas ... lemme know if u want them . 
http://www.hulu.com/watch/67878/the-future-of-food?c=News-and-Information 
going to the AFI rise against show tonight . I have 2 extra tickets call me if you wanna buy them 714 612 0723 . 
the new < PROPMALE > was bulllshit !!! cant kill < PROPFEMALE > !!! im seriously sad . 
so sick kill me now 
being sick is the cooolest . 
God , i love the Onion . 
passed the national EMT exam ; off to find a JOB !!! yaaaaay for money . 
off to colorado !!! 
i lied . ill start the workout next week ... 
would b nice is our lousy govt stopped spending $$$ on stupid and pointless shit and actually spent $$$ on education !!! Maybe then i could get the classes i need . Morons . 
finally found the chem class that i need !!! its in oakland ... just enrolled and get to move back to Berkeley !!!!!!!! 
yay ! just got assigned to the Emergency Department for my next rotation at HOAG . super pumped . 
so pumped to be moving back to berk !! 1 oo , ooooooo !!! 
total cost for books $310 via school website . I paid $44 for ALL of them on Amazon . How rad is that ?! 
start my Emergency Department training tomorrow !! Oo , OOO ! 
online traffic school is exciting . 
packing for the move back to berkeley . so pumped for some cheeseboard . 
on my way to berkeley ... im broke need to find an EMT job asap . Sent me $$$ . thanks 
needs some surf !! 
fn bored !!! hi east bay !! where are my old friends ??? im hanging out with a chem book all day . and to make things worse , there are no waves anywhere ... losing my mind . 
if you know anyone that works for an ambulance company in the east bay , let me know !!! 
so happy to live in a country where you pay for your education . grand idea ! 
c'mon ducks ! kill it ! i wanna do you 
first day in the ER tomorrow . intense ! 
chemistry is like being punched in the brain . 
can decided whether to be on the USA side or the CAN side for hockey ??? leaning canada .... 
back to brea .... surf ? 
BORED IN BERKELEY 
there is nothing to do up here !!! fn gigantic surf is killing it for me . someone come visit 
back to socal ... :( 
can anyone solve this- Ball A is allowed to fall and hit ball B . Assume that all of all of ball A's energy is transferred to ball B , at point i and there is energy loss to other sources . what is the kinetic energy and potential energy of ball B at point ii ? The potential energy is PE = mgz , m is mass in kg , g is grav . constant ( 9.81 m/s2 ) , z is distance . A is 2.0 kg and is 10.0 m above ball B ( 4.0 kg ) 
fingers crossed for surfable surf this weekend ! 
chemistry is like punching your brain . 
got rejected by SF to work as an EMT ... nothing a surf session cant cure ! FU SF . 
does anyone wanna hire an EMT for basic everyday jobs ? ill do cleaning , dishes , hangout with you for a small fee . 
god damnit ! i thought the ducks game started at 7pm and i totally missed the whole thing ! stupidest week ever . 
FINALLY a paid Bay Area EMT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ooo ooooooo 
Observed Surf Report by Schaler at 7:20 am SURF : 20-25 ft 4-5 times overhead occ . 28 ft . GOOD CONDITIONS Hey , this is Schaler with the report for Thursday morning This morning's < PROPFEMALE > patrol : Clean and pumping this morning . A little closed out at times , with a few gems . 
wanna go surf but too hungover to make the drive ... anyone wanna drive me ?? 
koivu !!!!! 
my little sister's surgery went well !! 
being \on-call\ " sucks ! I just lost my weekend to the graveyard . Nothin beats driving around oakland/berkeley all night . Come party in my ambulaaans . " 
haha , just won a pair of wine tasting tickets . 
just assigned every friday/sat graveyard shift till the middle of summer ! buuust ~ !! 
forgetting about my fear of commitment , im getting a little puppy this weekend . super pumped . 
finally had half a day off and if felt friggin good . Now , here comes the graveyard-shift weekend ... rad . Tons of berkeley/oakland craaaazies come out at night . 
who else is staying up with me till 8am ????? im bored 
go out and be drunk in berkeley and oakland so my graveyard goes by faster . thanks . 
surf ? 
get my puppy in the morning . awwwwwwww ! 
awesome ! no sleep and have to work all day . woke up to someone trying to break into the front door last night . < PROPMALE > . 
graveyard all tonight ... fingers crossed we get off early so i can go to BAY TO BREAKERS ~ !!!! 
super pumped to drive to socal and party with the fam and friends . got my new wingman coming too . 
wow ! grad school apps suck butt . 
Back to berkeley for work and microbio . yay ! 
wow . one grad school app only took 1 WHOLE DAY . 5 more left ! 
anyone not study for the GRE and do well ? 
union st festival = most consolidated\ 
population of tools ive seen up here . 
pretty pumped up for microbio ... anyone in the bay area know someone or have a micro book of their own that they can lend me ? 
is it weird i get so excited over root beer ? 
weak ass ending to a the < PROPMALE > cup . 
anyone have old microbio quizes and exams that I can borrow to study from ? 
have to worst ADD in this weather ! should be surfing but im in a < PROPFEMALE > cafe studing about < PROPFEMALE > microbes ... :(((((((((((((((((((((((( 
love working graves on the weekend then not being able to sleep now so can wake up for classes tomorrow . nice ! i want cake 
happy bday MOM !! 
sweet coffee induced anxiety goin on . 
Jinxed myself ... just bragged about\ 
how i had not been sick in years ; now im dying . 
anyone wanna see toy story 3 this week ? 
last graveyard shift for a while !... ever ; please ? *** knock on wood *** 
dropped my phone into some water after surfing so its BROKEN ! lame . message me if u need me cuz im too poor to get a new one . 
super pumped to read all your 4th of july plans as i leave for my shift ! be safe and dont do stupid shit so the day goes by smooth and i can nap . 
just realized tomorrow if my first day of in over two months ! ill be staggering around SF if you need me tonight . 
only 3 weeks left of microbio ! time is zooming by . keep ur fingers crossed that i get into my grad program this year !! dont wanna have to do all this application crap next year 
fn oakland stop rioting ! weirdos . 
watch Boston Med . rad 
wow , clicking the \submit\ " button on my gradschool application is waaaay harder than I thought ... think ill wait till monday to call them and make sure everything is perfect . eek !! " 
haha , everytime i sleep or nap , i dream of microbiology or being at work ... no break even in rest . awesome 
vegas ! so close 
am microbio exam . great way to ruin a good day ... so mad right now 
uhhhm , turning 27 in less than 10 days :((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( weird , was supposed to ruling the world by now ! 
be in warm water in 1 day ! weird ... 
quitting hockey forever@ !!!! 
glad microbio is over but waiting around for my grade is pure torture ! 
not even to vegas yet and already things need to stay there . eek . gonna be an interesting weekend . 
never been so friggin happy over a class grade in my life ! celebrating the rest of the month ! 
anyone have a PHYSIOLOGY book i can borrow ? 
if you see the ambulance swerving around like the driver got NO SLEEP , thats me . say hi 
surf ! goddamnit , where are you !!!???? 
Fingers crossed for Emergency tech job !!! 
Anyone know good stuff to put on the droid ? 
on my way to look for surf for the first time in almost a month ! c'mon SF . 
Day one of surfing , INSANITY workout , and P90X done . Im a tool now and on crack . holler . 59 left to go . 
yeah , for physiology and chem today ! anyone have physio book thats not the physio/anatomy combo ? 
would be nice if the company I work for put me on shifts rather than continue to hire new people . kinda broke ! 
anyone in the bay area know of or if you hear of a job opening , any job opening , lemme know . 
Classes 12 to 8 was a horrible idea ! 
Dang ! My channels don't go that high 
A 
Really need to study ! 
sweet ! rejected twice today before 10am . FU world ; I wanna punch you in the face . 
Wow 1.5 hours and three looooong lines later just to send out 3 transcripts . This system is ridiculous ! 
Forgot how much fun studying chem was ... barf 
on my way to socal . 
Waaaaay too early 
Ne one ever heard of a health insurance company that legitimately cares for patients rather than profits ? 
If you need a place to live or know someone that does in Berkeley , I have an open spot for$ 695 . 
daaang Draper is getting deep and in touch with his feelings . I like . I also like the swimming since it mirrors surfing . we're so much alike , mr. draper . 
have and open spot in my house : shared room , close to campus . 
mmmmm , snow is almost here . who lives in the bay and wants to take me to tahoe on their boarding trips ? youre welcome . 
With < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > now signed and ready for training camp to start on Saturday , today’s Countdown to Camp discussion question is : How many goals do you think < PROPFIRST > will score in the 2010-11 season .... bout friggin time 
who wants to go to MUSE in sac ? 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh , hockey starts tomorrow ! and < PROPMALE > is this sunday . best week of the year . 
++A large whale carcass washed ashore Monday morning between L&K \ 
streets in Ocean Beach . Use your best judgement when surfing in and \ 
around the vicinity . = = = uhhhhh .... surf ? 
man crush on < PROPFIRST > c hall 
6-10 ft +\ 
head high + to double overhead occ . 12 ft . \ 
FAIR CONDITIONS 
Woke up to a letter from University of New England . Got a gradschool interview date ! what , what ! 
i have no life . lame ... 
So lucky to have my little mom as a mum . Without her , I would never have been able to go to Cal and live/survive in Berkeley ; and for sure would not have been able to apply to gradschool . She just paid for my flight , hotel , and rental car for my trip to New England for my interviews . Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww ! THANKS MOM . 
dont be stupid . go to tahoe for new years . 
Ahhh nothing like a psychiatric < PROPMALE > in the am 
I miss my family and friends in socal :( 
uhhmm , can i have my life back ? that'd be great ; thanks . 
anyone ever cry over a midterm ? who wants to surf ?! 
How does someone that fat live up two stories of stairs with no elevator ?!!! 
ahhhh , first day ive had in a loooong time to catch up on everything ... did nothing . now to drink some beers and go to sleep after playing hockey online . perfect . 
just confirmed my gradschool interview for next tuesday morning at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > medical center . holler !!! 
from all this hardwork and styding , im paid off by growing muffin-tops . awesome 
off to portland maine . yay 
if youve never been , you should go to maine . the place was amazing and im super bummed to be back home already . 
anyone else know how to watch hockey online without paying ?????? 
anyone have snowboard bindings they wanna give me ? or sell ... 
yay , last weekend shift is almost over . been 1.5 years since ive had a weekend totally to myself . weird . 
awwww , c'mon! rain on the day im supposed to be super productive ... 
yay , work then 6 hour drive to OC . who can board on monday ? need people to drive me . 
i really hate this drive ! 
This shift is NEVER ENDING ! 
my ambulance got downed today so NO WORK . anyone wanna go xmas shopping/ drink beers ? 
awesome , so now im working NYE and New Years Day ! Awesome ! 
Can anyone in the bay go boarding in tahoe on monday or thursday next week ? 
and so , why did everyone say The Town was good ? im confused . 
Hmmm . What did i learn today ? Never leave my facebook open and leave the station ... = 0 ) 
Is it weird that i get a boner everytime i go poop ? 
i feel like being in the closet is getting lonely :( 
ahhh , love my ducks 
anyone wanna go boarding halfday at big bear tomorrow ???? Lemme know , need a carpool < PROPMALE > . 
my email was hacked so dont open anything from me 
last < PROPFEMALE > school interview . EEK . send positive vibes to pomona ca . thanks 
anyone wanna make a tahoe trip on sunday ? ill give you gas money ....... 
can anyone make a boarding trip to tahoe on sunday ???? 
The deeper the roots the higher the reach ! 
Whos going to Coachella with me ? 
off to the beach !!! super pumped . 
umm , super bored/broke = rad 
Friday Night Lights is SOOOOOO good !!! 
Do you have the ORGANIC CHEMISTRY BOOK by Prof < PROPFIRST > 8th edition ? Ill buy it from you ! 
gonna need a sugar momma for the next month ! 
Will dominate you at WORDFEUD 
Party Down is fn rad 
Whoooooos getting a new board ? 
Ducks are rocking it ! 
Sweet 0.03 in my acct ! Help me help u ... ill be on the corner of telegraph and ashby . Blond wig and short denim cutoffs . 
bored ! who wants to drink in berkeley right now ?? 
My friends should come to visit me on the weekend of the 26-28 ! 
best < PROPFIRST > ever !!! 
aww , my laptop broke !!! 
Tahoe trip on the 28th . Need people to come 
Beer week ... anyone in berkeley ?? im bored outta my mind !!! 
haha , was there an earthquake ? or was I dreaming ? 
Mmmmm , nothing like obese guy skin sore flakes in my face and to breathe in my lungs . Love you oakland ! 
Sleep would be awesome seeing as im on the early shift < PROPMALE > am !! 
WAY TO GO WEATHER PEOPLE !!! Supposedly epic winter conditions , so bad that my family were forced to not come visit me . What do you know ??? Its super nice and < PROPFEMALE > outside and instead Im working a retardedly early morning shift . Go F yourself ! 
hmmm , rough life . super sore from the snow yesterday and cant seem to find the good surf spot for the day . whaaaaa :( 
I want to go to the gym right this moment but that would be a horrible move . Must wait for all the tools to clear out at about 730 . NHL 11 ? 
pre-video game meal done ! gonna strap on these skates and begin the NHL 11 domination . watch out 11yr olds you got nothing ! what ladies ?! yes im single 
just realized i work on monday so who can go snowboarding in tahoe on tuesday ? 
