Happy father's day ! 

thinks its weird that a lot of famous people are dead all of the sudden . 
I'm going to arrive in Israel/Palestine by Thursday , and I'm so excited !! 
Finally , my internet works again !!! 
Being sick for about a week really , REALLY , sucks :( 
Clubbing yesterday and seeing Zombie Land was FAN-tastic !! But now I have work to do . :( 
Glad to be back in < PROPMALE > !!!! WHAT !! Yeah , I'm excited . 
Is excited for the coming out ball tonight ! :D 
Might be getting a little sick . Oh noooees ! 
Uggh , so rainy and gross outside ! Also the wind is frikkin LOUD ! STFU for realz . :( 
So its snowing in < PROPMALE > , and I'm not there ... again . :( 
Congrats to Annise < PROPMALE > ! Even though she got elected on Saturday and I'm posting this on Monday ... Oh well , at least I know the money I donated to the campaign wasn't wasted . :) 
DONE with finals !!! :D 
So apparently I got super awsome grades this semester . I therefore come to the conclusion that banner web is straight-up broke . 
Canceled rugby game = no good . :( 
SNOOOOOWW !!! 
FINALLY , got my phone and my old number back !!! 
Fifty degrees yesterday and now snow today . Seriously Greensboro , make up your mind ! 
Still Sooooo incredibly wired now ! O_o 
Yawn . 
Wathced Telephone yesterday , and I totally want to see Lady Gaga in concert , live . Like , right now . Because it is that amazing . 
I cannot believe I spent five hours in senate listening to repetitive and disrespectful arguments , but at the very least it turned out alright in the end . 
Waaaay too much work , and not nearly enough time to do it ! 
So Thrive last night was cool and everything , but now I can't get that one song out of my head ! 
The senior < PROPMALE > exhibit was AMAZING ! For everyone who hasn't seen it yet , you definitely should ! :) 
Ugh , this paper seriously needs to start writing itself because I have a terrible case of writer's block right now . :/ 
One more exam to go !!! 0_0 
Can Tuesday come any sooner ? Or better yet , Thursday ? 
COMPLETELY DONE WITH FINALS !!!! :D 
Soooooo glad to be home right now ! :) 
is now in Washington DC !!!!!!! :D \ 
I'm super excited for my internship to start ; I'll keep everyone posted on what I'm doing since I haven't been on FB in what seems like ages . 
Just went to the Smithsonian , and will celebrate my 20th birthday tonight at the < PROPFEMALE > Pub ! Hopefully they'll have good food since I won't be drinking . :) 
Ugh , done with this mandetory bi-weekly reflection . Now time for some relaxing . ;) 
Going to Capitol Hill tomorrow ! :D 
Dear people with obnoxiously loud and shrill voices : the next time you feel like talking to me , please just write me a sticky note . :) 
Way to go Mexico !!! =D \ 
Can't wait for them to beat Uruguay ! 
The TASSC vigil was great , but wore me out ! I'm definitely sleeping in as late as possible . 
Awesome fireworks+ a great performance by Scream+ seeing HR from Bad Brains+ hippies = one hell of a July 4th ! :) 
Just got my < PROPFEMALE > DVD's in the mail ! Thanks mommykins !!! <3 
I think for the world cup , ( since Germany is now out of the picture , ) I'll be rooting for Holland ! 
wants to give everyone on the Netherlands team a giant hug . :( 
Ugh , halfway done with this paper . But now I have writer's block . Yay . :/ 
Awkwaaaaaaaaard !!! 
Less than a week until I'm finally back in < PROPMALE > ! Can't wait ! 
Will be in Japan in a few hours , so excited ! :) 
Ate hand rolled sushi today , and found out that in addition to fish , chicken nuggets and meat balls are rather tasty when packed with rice and wrapped in sea weed . :) 
\Its Britney ... bitch . \"" 
I like it on my desk . 
misses brownie chocolate fudge ice cream . :'( 
1in 10 people born is gay . That means 1 in 10 people are instantly put down , labeled , put in the minority and often worse ... all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens commit suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better and you respect them for who they are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% of you who will . 
What the fuck < PROPMALE > Draper . :/ 
No school tomorrow ! Love random days off in the middle of the week ! <3 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! =D 
has the urge to slap the stupid out of somebody . :/ 
So sad and excited for my last days in Japan ! I'll miss all of my friends here so much ! And to my Guilco friends- can't wait to see you guys soon ! <3 
??????????? 
Back in the US ! 
Back at Guilford ! =D 
So relieved about almost being done with this paper , but not so much for the citations I have to do now . Yay citation procrastination . :/ 
Someone is high on caffeine . Someone = me . :D 
