still waiting for that one guy to show me that they're not all the same .... i won't hold my breath .. i would die ... hahaha 

I tear my heart open , I sew myself shut . My weakness is that I care too much . And our scars remind us that the past is real . I tear my heart open just to feel 
loves watching movies by herself ... can u sense the sarcasm ?! 
cant believe my son will already be a year old in 10 days ! 
sick of being sick . havin to take care of a little man with no one to take care of u is tough . y do we always have to be sick at the same time ?! ugh 
sick of my mother threatening me that she's going to take me to court for grandparenting rights ... when she sees my son , just not as often as she likes . apparently im screwing up my child bc of this . we dont get along , get over it . ugh ! 
just done with it all 
Do i trust some and get fooled by phoniness , or do i trust nobody and live in lonliness ? --- lp 
dont let em say u ain't beautiful .. they can all get fucked , just stay true to you ....... whooaoaoaoaaaa 
You know i always stay up without sleepin . And think to myself . Where do i belong forever ? In whose arms , the time and place ..... 
what i love to do best on a saturday night ... watching movies !... four christmases and now obsessed . 
watching one of my fave love movies . a lot like love ... cheesy i know . brings back memories of brighter more carefree days . makes me smile :) 
nobody asked for life to deal us , these bullshit cards we're dealt . we gotta take these cards ourselves , flip em , dont expect no help 
making chocolate chip peanut butter cookies ... mmmmmm !!! 
bad headache a loud 1 year old = worse headache and frustrated mom . bedtime will be worse .. no more binkie ... 
night #2 with no binky ... started off better so far . we'll see how many times he wakes up for it . last night it was 3 . tired momma today . 
work at 3am yay .... i hate black friday 
bam plus hot chocolate equals <3 
had a rollercoaster of a day ... well , hmm .. a day . more like has a rollercoaster of a life ... 
started a new diet thingy today ... im fuckin starvin !!! 
so far this diet isnt workin out for me .. im a pig . think id rather be fat and enjoy food than starve myself and count calories .. too stressful . 
anyone have great resume writing skills and care to share a few tips ? or possibly direct me to a website ... my resume sucks and i think thats why i cant find a better job . i mean i have my bachelors in cj and i work at fuckin walmart ... something is wrong with that ... 
my son as we speak is getting in my dresser drawer and putting on my clothes .. well trying to ... hes too freakin cute ! 
forget the pain , forget the past . no more matters ;) 
tip #3932 : don't watch love movies with a broken heart 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone ! 
taking a break from wrapping presents .. being < PROPFEMALE > is exhausting ! 
why do i get the feeling that everyone doesn't like me at work and talks shit about me but is nice to my face .. minus a rare few ?? i hate that feeling ... 
Be thankful that you don't already have everything you desire . If you did , what would there be to look forward to ? It is easy to be thankful for the good things . A life of < PROPMALE > fulfillment comes to those who are also thankful for the setbacks . 
search for the answers i knew all along . i lost myself , we all fall down . never the wiser of what i've become . alone i stand broken . 
well i ended the year with a bang ... lol .. i bought myself a car :) 
hates when my baby boy is sick ... he has a really bad chest cold , fever , and mucousy cough :( i have a feeling its going to be a long night 
shower , then some bad boys ... whatcha gonna do when i come for you ;) 
none ... uh oh .. lmfao ! 
wants to go on vacation beginning of april .. give me ideas where to go ??? with a 1 year old ....? 
god havn't gotten < PROPFEMALE > s in so long i forgot how much i loved the smell of them . took the most relaxing < PROPFEMALE > petal bubble bath .. mmm 
haha .. lukas just lightly bit my arm and looked up at me and said \mmm\ " . love him < PROPFEMALE > much ! " 
life is too short , so live it well . you never know how long you have . expect the unexpected . RIP < PROPMALE > PANZA . 
i take life with a grain of salt ( sugar for me ) , a wedge of lime , and a shot of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Take your past and burn it up and let it go . < PROPFEMALE > on ; I’m stronger than you’ll ever know . That’s the deal ; you get no respect . You’re gonna get yours . You better watch your fucking neck 
You will get what you deserve . When all is said and done , I will be the one to leave you in the misery and hate what you've become . I need some peace of mind , no fear of what's behind . 
feel like shit .. i do believe my head just might explode . wish < PROPMALE > was old enough to take care of me for a change ... 
she's a little scared to get close to anyone ... because anyone who ever said \i'll be there\ " ... left . " 
pain , without love . pain , i cant get enough . pain , i like it rough ... cuz i'd rather feel pain than nothing at all .. 
off tomorrow ... hallelujah !!!! don't even know what to do with myself but be lazy on days off . ha . 
be the fruit loop in a world full of cheerios !! love it ! 
from urbandictionary.com: DANA-sexy , good in bed , gangsta , funny . 
k lets try this again without a million unrelated perverted comments .. lol ..... find a person who loves you for exactly who you are . good mood . bad mood . ugly . pretty . handsome . the right person is still going to think the sun shines out your ass . that's the kind of person worth sticking with . 
mmmm ... tyler durden \fight club \"" 
\i did not recognize my own face . eyes that were once shining-now extinguished . this shattered heart reaching for its relief-the relief it cannot find . strength-to be released from my demons . wisdom-to forgive the pas t-t o forgive me . \"" 
People make jokes , cus they don't understand me . They just don’t see my real side . I act like shit don’t phase me . Inside it drives me crazy ! My insecurities could eat me alive . But then i see my baby . Suddenly i'm not crazy ! It all makes sense when i look into his eyes ... 
is seriously going to cry and pull my hair out . my child REFUSES to sleep anymore . i'm exhausted , frustrated , and irritated . he's been crying for the last hour and i've tried everything . ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
home for lunch . come on 9:30 .. off tomorrow . hopefully can relax and get a good nights sleep tonight . 
IT'S ASLEEP !!! hahahahahaha . well , for now . hopefully for all night . shower , then movie in bed . 
if you love someone , set them free . if you have to stalk him , he probably wasn't yours in the first place ...... LMMFAO !!! ahahahahaha . 
just smashed some tb ... bout to take a shower and then bed .... hope this headache goes away soon , ive had the damn thing for 3 days now . ugh ! 
apparently my shower is a tunnel to the past . wish my brain would stop thinking about it now . too many swirling thoughts . not helping my headache ... gah ! 
so bored .. i wanna do something kinda .. but definately not taking < PROPMALE > out in this shit outside . 
is starting to look my age .... and i dont like it . guess that's what a kid does to ya .. lol . i even have 1 grey hair ... wtf ?! 
playing online uno before bed .. its so addicting . then off tomorrow and going to lukas ' brother's bday party ... 
happy singles awareness day ! hahahaha ! 
my knight in shining armor turned out to be a loser in aluminum foil ............ ROFLMFAO !!! 
we the willing , led by the unknowing , are doing the impossible , for the ungrateful . we have done so much for so long with so little . we are now qualified to do anything with nothing . HA 
just got out of the er ... i have pleurisy which means the mucus around my lungs are swollen and infected so when i breathe it catches and causes it to hurt to breathe . nice ..... 
LIFE : it's sexually transmitted and always fatal . hahaha ! 
just ordered lukas a \big boy\ " toddler bed ... god he is getting big so fast . <3 " 
uht oh .... spaghettios ! 
so many men .... so many reasons to sleep alone !! ahahahahahaha !! i amuse myself !! 
it's better to have love and lost than to live with the psycho the rest of your life ! again .. histerical to me ! xD 
BMC's .. yum yum !! xD bacon mayo and cheese ! im all about the food today 
wasn't aware there were any more fugly phases after puberty ! .. seriously ! and no im not fishing for compliments .. im being dead serious ugh 
If one looks too much to the future , then one misses the beauty of the present . And being wrapped up in the past , one seldom has a < PROPMALE > to enjoy and treasure all that the present holds inside of it as well . 
OOHMI ZOOMI !! lmfao ! i love having a kid ... he gives me an excuse to watch cartoons .. hehe 
ok .. so the beefy 5 layer buritto is such a clusterfuck in my mouth i cant decide whether i actually like it or not . even though ive almost eaten all of it .. kinda strange random thought ... 
lukas ' first night in his new big boy bed .. so far so good .. he hasn't gotten up once :) he was super excited about it earlier so i think he'll do fine . 
And maybe a happy ending doesn't include a guy , maybe ... it's you , on your own , picking up the pieces and starting over , freeing yourself up for something better in the future . Maybe the happy ending is ... just ... moving on . 
i didnt hit you ... i simply high fived your face ! haha 
peace out walmart . 
uh oh .. ive created a monster ! a sour patch kid monster !! 
Before you were conceived I wanted you . Before you were born I loved you . Before you were here an hour I would die for you . This is the miracle of Mother's Love <3 
just took < PROPMALE > to the park .. it was b-e-a-you-tiful ! :) <3 
mmmm enchiladas and brownies <3 
well its officially been a week since i was fired and in a week ill be 25 .. blah and blah . ha . 
I can be fearless and terrified , blissful and indifferent , grounded and lost , trusting and skeptical , hopeful and desperate , everywhere and nowhere ... and all at the same time ! Seriously ! movie time .... 
i guess my body is finally ready to catch up on some much needed sleep ... fell asleep at 10:00 pm ... that NEVER happens . when i woke up i thought it was morning lol . thats how good i slept :) 
kinda creeped out ... guy just got hit on a motorcycle at the intersection next to my complex ... they were moving slow . pretty sure he died :( then ... as i was gawking my cats pawed my door open and went out into the hallways and i had to go look for them .. geez ! 
had a great day bbqing with the fam . thanks everyone ! 
wow .. just got woke up from an interesting dream ......... now im sooo groggy eww 
my son totally just ate an entire can of mandarin oranges for lunch and some spaghettios .... seriously he lives off of just fruit and pasta ... 
* little sigh of relief * unemployment went through and accepted me ... said walmart did not fire me for just cause .... a little less stressed :) 
lmfao @ southpark about facebook ! 
everybody's zooing it !.... 
has been pretty impressed with her cooking skills lately ... lol ! :) 
you can either watch things happen , make things happen , or wonder what the fuck happened ... 
at kalahari waterpark :) 
omg lukas had so much fun today .... he even went down these huge waterslides all by himself . made me nervous but he's a little daredevil and they wouldn't let me go down with him . 
so tired and in so much pain .... but im home :) 
trying to correct and add to my mom's paper about < PROPFEMALE > being founded on godly beliefs is giving me a headache . blah . 
is getting ready to give her sheets some ass & her pillow some head =) wow im easily amused . 
beautiful day outside ... and im sooooo tired of course . 
leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot , anything you remember . Don't send a message , leave a comment here . Next , re-post this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about you . Leave it for 24 hours , it could be very interesting what people remember about us ! 
Making a decision to have a child--it's momentous . It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body . Happy Mothers Day to me , my Mom , and to all the other moms out there :) 
is about to have a nervous breakdown . i missed orientation for unemployment twice now bc my mom cancelled watching lukas on me and now they are saying that im not eligible at all for it bc i have domestic duties that restrict me being able to work ... i dont know what to do .. i appealed it , but its in their hands now 
A son will out grow your lap , but never\ 
your heart ! It's \Son's Week . \ " If you have a son who makes your\ 
lukas pooped in the potty !! first time tonight . 
got all my hair cut off today .. not sure if i like it yet , but my neck is definately not sweating anymore :) 
the pool was definately refreshing today :) had to really hold onto lukas though , he thinks he knows how to swim already <3 
studying for my GRE exam i have saturday to get into graduate school ... why do i need to know all of this math ?! 
just got home from the hospital after 4 hours :( .. blah . lukas fell out of a cart at once upon a child and hit the back of his head . has a bump but the ct scan was normal . phew ! this boys gonna give me a heart attack if he doesnt chill out 
feels great to be done with the GRE exam ... the last hoop to jump through before hopefully being accepted into grad school . i got an 820 on verbal and quantitiative .. preference is given to 1000 and over .. so hopefully this score is enough . i feel good about it though 
lmao .. i go in lukas ' room bc he got up out of bed and laid on the floor pretending to be asleep hoping he would maybe lay down and go to sleep too . instead , he starts poking me and pointing out while saying eyes , ears , nose , toes , etc ... it was so hard not to laugh . then he puts a book on my head , says read , and walks away . haha .. what a dork . 
well i hear tornado sirens going off here .. lovely .... 
ok .. back to eating my cookies and drinkin diet dew before bed ! :) 
well this set of storms is much more impressive than earier .. here at least . more wind , more rain , more thunder , and more lightening . crazy .. keeps setting off car alarms around here . 
is already getting annoyed with fireworks and it not even july ... ppl around here keep setting them off right outside my building and it wakes lukas up and scares the shit out of him :( 
trying to find toddler activities/classes to do with lukas that dont cost much but allow us to get out of the house regularly and be around other kids ... this is tough . grr !! im so frusterated .. apparently there is hardly anything to do with a 1 year old . 
lmao .. lukas has been riding around in the car all day with his hands up like he's on a roller coaster with a big smile on his face :) maybe i do drive too fast .. ha . 
happy happy joy joy ... after a long ass wait unemployment finally reaccepted me :) definately cannot miss the next orientation * sigh of relief * 
feeling sickly ... so im makin myself some homemade chicken noodle soup .. mmm ... that should do the trick . 
just went for a quick swim with lukas and was asked if im his sister .. lmao . then got referred to by a boy as \boobies \"......." 
doesnt care what anyone says .. i still prefer my myspace ;) 
on to a new phase .. my child wont eat some things unless he can take another food and dip it in and eat if off of that food . example : yesterday it was french fries dipped in applesauce ... today , chicken nugget dipped in chocolate pudding .. lmao ! gross ! 
would totally like to thank the asshole who hacked into my AIM account and deleted every single one of my contacts ........ grrrrrrrr !!!!! 
should probably turn Bam off and go to bed ... <3 
happy fathers day dad <3 and to all the other dads out there ! 
mud hens game ! 
game was fun ... and the fireworks were pretty awesome ... and lukas was such a good boy ! :) 
well .. leave it to my son to make me ROFLMFAO . we r trying pull ups today and i had to strip him down to the diaper at dinner . im cleaning up and i look down and hes walking around with his penis hanging out of the top of his diaper like no big deal . lmfao !! i cant stop laughing . 
frusterated with trying to potty train ... he wont keep his diaper on but is now afraid of the potty . like to the point where he freaks out if he does pee in it and screams bloody murder and just started holding his pee in now by squeezing himself . think im back off for a bit ... 
excited ... i got the place that i wanted :) 
fml sometimes ... cause ppl cant just leave me the hell alone and let me and my son be . u cant bully me into doing what u want any longer . i know im a good mother , it doesnt matter if u think otherwise . i love my son more than anything in this world and i will not let u fuck w his head like u have mine my entire life . 
on a good note ... signed my new lease today :) and it was a beautiful day for the park 
its just something i dont think i will ever understand 
really strange when ur car wont start , u try to jump it , still wont start , call dad , make him drive to < PROPMALE > from toledo .. for it to start right up lmao . wtf ?! but ended up having an awesome night :) soooo tired . 
another great day and night :) busy busy weekend .. im beat ! and im sure lukas is too . 2 nights in a row he stayed up past midnight 
grr ... my son is throwing peas across the room saying \ball\ " ... brat . lol " 
has been hiding from the sweltering heat for the last couple days ... i think its safe to go out today . lol 
mmm ... monster for lunch ! 
stressing about my damn car . anyone know anything about electrical problems and the car dying as soon as i turn it off , then everything comes on like the battery is still working , but the starter wont even crank ??? maybe something to do with my car starter ? it works when it feels like working . ugh 
wore out ... just got punk down to bed after maumee bay state park . him and < PROPMALE > had a blast though ! :) <3 
awesome ... my son just gave me a bloody nose . im sure it wont be the last one with how rough he gets 
soak city bound in a bit .. i love being spontaneous ;) its beautiful outside ! 
is completely whooped 
mmm .... somehow i managed to make some really yummy pot roast 
does anyone have any boxes for moving ?? or would be available and willing to help me move the weekend of the 30th ?? 
pictures by < PROPMALE > went pretty good i hope .. lol ... but it was hot as shit outside and i had a crabby boy . 
i .... hate .... insomnia .... wtf .... ~ ! i can prolly fall asleep any damn time of the day but cant sleep for shit at night . 
well it looks like i wont be going to grad school for fall semster bc i was too late for the cutoff date ... so i applied for spring semester now instead :( :) 
im so lame but theres a really interesting \Dateline\ " on tv right now " 
a woman spends her whole life hoping that her man will change , while a man goes through life hoping his woman wont 
grrrr !!!! 
sometimes i feel like the damn energizer < PROPFEMALE > ! 
thanks < PROPMALE > . love the pictures <3 
im beat ! 
i love my new place ... its cozy :) 
pretty much everything is unpacked and situated now .. ive busted some ass .. lol . now just have about 5 loads of laundry to fold and put away ... 
had fun at the fair . lukas rode a pony but didnt like it too much . he was clenched to me the entire time . would have liked to ride the farris wheel but ride prices were outrageous . 
“I like nonsense , it wakes up the brain cells . Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living , It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope . Which is what I do , And that enables you to laugh at life's realities . ” 
thinks its super cute that i can still rub lukas ' head and put him to sleep :) even when he's not feeling well <3 
ok .. fuck this shit .. i am sooo ready for hoodie weather :) 
going to the mud hens game in a bit ... belletire suite . hope my stomach holds up . 
it was so beautiful outside today ... and the park had a nice breeze . 
\Chances thrown 
mmm .. carl's hide-a-way ... and then lukas and < PROPMALE > having a woodchip fight at the park .. dirty boys but hey they had fun ... great night :) 
\People always try to put me down but I 
it's really nice out until u walk like 10 blocks to the park in the sun ... phew . 
anyone ever seen \opportunity knocks\ " with < PROPFIRST > carvey ? one of my favorite movies as a kid . great movie . " 
ok so im seriously annoyed . lukas now knows how to get plug covers off so he does this all day . then if i have something plugged in ( like today i had a fan ) he unplugs and plugs it in constantly . i did time outs , smacking his butt , yelling , and smacking his hands and nothing worked .......... ahhhhh !!! anyone have any suggestions ?? i even explained to him that its hot and will shock him and hurt him and he doesnt care . 
brilliant idea .... fast and furious marathon .. mmm .... paul walker .... enough said ;) O 
soggy saturday ... applebees was yummy tho . and i wish i was rich ... babies r us had soooo many cute rocker clothes for lukas 
thinks im bout to hook up my super nintendo and play me some < PROPFIRST > all stars =) 
seriously i cant win for losing ..... * screams really loud * 
NEXT ! 
totally just needed some angry music to help me back into a good mood .... what would i do without music ?! 
\Maybe I'm a dreamer . Maybe I'm misunderstood . Maybe you're not seeing . The side of me you should . Maybe I'm crazy . Maybe I'm the only one . Maybe I'm just out of touch . Maybe I've just had enough . And maybe it's time to change . And leave it all behind . ' Cause nothing stays the same . Maybe it's time to change . \ " ~ my new favorite song :) <3 " 
soooo full .... i hardly eat during the day ( well sometimes .. lmao ) .. but then i binge at night ... bad bad habit . but mmmmm mmmm good ; 0 ) 
is thinkin its a bad boys kinda night ;) 
so ... while i was cleaning up after dinner lukas took off his diaper , pooped in the middle of my living room floor , put his hands in it , and then smeared it all over his belly .. then he kept running around saying ewwww .. i almost puked cleaning it up .. lol . well he got his bath early tonight .... 
omg im watching hoarders ... how the hell do people's houses get THAT bad . this lady has dead animals molded into her carpet and her son growing up said he had to sleep with a fan on cuz if not he could hear roaches crawling around .. wtf ??!!! 
well out of the 50 some places ive applied to in the last 6 months .. finally got a callback . had a phone interview for a bail bond company as a receptionist part time . it went well .. will most likely have a second interview when the owner comes back to town :) 
lovin the cooler weather :) . was a perfect day to clean my car . and somehow i managed that with a 2 year old ! 
it appears my router decided to rename itself and make itself unsecured when its been secured for ever .... anyone know how to make it secure again cuz i wasnt the one who did it the first time ??? 
Remembering the heroes and all those who lost their lives 9 years ago today . Where were you when 9/11 happened ?? I had skipped school for a dentist appt . and we were watching it on tv in the dentists office in disbelief and the hygenist was trying to clean my teeth bawling her eyes out . 
for some reason the cooler weather motivates me to do things ive needed to get done and been putting off for a while now . its a good thing :) im so sick of having no money and not being able to do things tho blah 
mmmm ........... hoodie , hot chocolate , and dark chocolate granola thins <3 
vma's tonight :) 
music is my boyfriend <3 
\So rip my pictures from your wall . \ 
making homemade chicken noodle soup ... mmm yum ! 
excited ... going to erie apple orchards in a bit with < PROPFEMALE > and the boys :) :) 
\Theres always truth behind \ " just kidding\ " knowledge behind \ " I dont know\ " emotion behind \ " I dont care\ " pain behind \ " Its okay\ " I need you behind \ " leave me alone . \"" 
\Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game . \ " ~ A < PROPFEMALE > Story ... one of the only < PROPFEMALE > tale movies I love :) " 
got an email from one of my baby sites im subscribed to .. the article is about \how to keep your toddler active\ " lmfao ... seriously !!!!... no problems there !... if only i could figure out how to slow him down . he can never sit still ! " 
its definately an < PROPFEMALE > dog kinda night :) love this movie 
do u think i clean too much ? when my son builds with legos , he makes miniature vacuums and makes the noises like he's vacuuming my floor .. lmfao ! 
trying so hard not to turn my heat on , but damn im cold .. brrrrr !!!! 
should really keep up with my journal ... i need to vent . its pretty much just a venting journal though so if anyone ever read it they would think im pissed off ALL the time .. lmfao . 
my heat is officially on for the season ... damn hardwood floors are cold . good thing is i have it set on 68 and it hasnt even come on since last night :) so at least it retains heat pretty well in here . 
well i was going to get lukas \stinky the talking garbage truck\ " for christmas ... im glad i took him to the store today to look at it because hes scared to death of it ... lmao .... " 
probably shouldn't be drinking a french vanilla cappucino at 7:30 at night but it's oh so good :) 
yea today's one of those days where its 6pm and i'm still in my pajamas ! i have the heat cranked and we are watching toy story :) its nice and toasty in here for once . 
the one movie ive found that lukas will actually sit still and watch ... and allow me to make dinner ...... THE GRINCH ... lmao .... hallelujah ! 
my baby is 2 today ! happy birthday stinky !! <3 <3 <3 
Thank you everyone ! Lukas had a great time at his party ! :) 
trying to prepare as best i can for my interview tomorrow at < PROPMALE > county board of dd ..... im nervous as hell . here goes nothing :) 
soooo tired and relieved that is over 
Happy made up holiday ( Sweetest Day ) Everyone :) Just another singles awareness day for me haha 
is thinking about changing lukas ' last name to my last name when i get the money to do it ..................... any thoughts ? 
i am now officially lukasless for the day ... :) :( ... what to do ?? probably relax ! 
totally figured out a plan for today ............. goin to see jackass 3D :) :) :) 
It's MOMMY week ! Re-post this with the date and time you first became a Mommy !! \ 
\ 
October 8th , 2008 at 5:11 am 
fudge brownies and < PROPFIRST > michaels ... id say that makes for a pretty good night ha ! ;) 
i ... hate ... migraines ..... thankfully i have some motrin 800's so lets see if it can kick it's butt 
so another freakin head injury for my child ... he was due i guess lol . he has a pretty nice knot on his forehead with a puncture wound under it from falling and hitting his head on one of the knobby things on his dresser . just got back from the store so i can fix it up with butterfly bandaids for when he goes to bed bc its still leaking blood a little bit . my strong headed boy 
taking lukas to little boo at the zoo tomorrow morning :) should be super cute and fun ! if anyone cares to join let me know . 
Great news to wake up to ..... I got the job !! Excited ! :) 
excited lukas will get to go to daycare again soon :) ... but now that i have a good job i dont qualify for any state help ... so .... have to pay out of pocket for daycare .. a pretty < PROPFEMALE > . 700 a month ! thats more than my freakin rent ! 
well so much for going to eat at petes .... hi , i was the girl who had to get my food to go because my child would not stop throwing a fit because we moved from a car table to a normal table because the boys would not sit down .. grr !!! i almost felt like people were going to clap when we left ... lol 
so grateful i got this job because i totally got a rejection letter for my graduate program i was trying to get into . i guess everything happens for a reason though 
just wanted to remind everyone that its \fall back\ " tonight or daylight savings time .. whatever ... it used to be my favorite night of the entire year bc i got an extra hour of sleep . im sure lukas wont let that happen ... lol . " 
CONAN ! 
the roast im making for dinner smells amazing ! its making my mouth water already and still has hours to cook . 
the boys had a blast bowling ... tomorrow ... monster trucks ! busy fun weekend :) 
SATURDAY SATURDAY SATURDAY .... monster trucks ... BE THERE ! ( in a deep manly voice ) lmao ... was trying to do it like the commercials do cuz im a dork :) 
\I'm finally realizing that someone who would neglect the one thing i love most isn't worth my love . \"" 
yay .. finally ... i start work next monday !! :) Excited ! 
omg ... soooo not a morning person .... yet ! about to wake up punk for \school\ " and head out " 
\Give up all hope of a better past . \"" 
im so effing irritated ... my cat decided this week that she wont use her litter box anymore and instead to pee on my rugs in the living room . ugh . i bought some urine odor neutralizer and put it on last night , come home today and she just peed on top of it ! anyone have any suggestions ? gross ! 
making chili for the first time tomorrow for dinner ... in the crock pot . this should be interesting ... lol . i only learn by doing :) 
\You're like a drug that I can't stop taking\ 
\There was nothing in sight 
had a really great night :) 
GRRRRRRRRR !!!!! 
black ice is scary ! 
someone give me some names of some good bands to download for my ipod ... like old school music ..... 90's and millenium though please .. no 80's rockbands ... lmfao . 
wishes this day would just end ... having a REALLY bad day grrr 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
had a great but exhausting weekend with family and friends :) 
well my mini vacation officially begins now ... lukas is at school and i am ........ probably going back to bed .. lmfao .. so much for productive . maybe later :) 
so im looking for a vehicle ... im between honda's or < PROPFEMALE>'s . anyone have a suggestion or opinion ? honda's are a bit pricier but ive heard they are well worth it . 
Half of my heart says I'm perfectly lonely , the other half says , not so much . 
Lets see how creative my Facebook friends are ... leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR first name ... it can only be one word ... then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .. don't just post and not copy ... that's no fun !! 
well thats the first time ive ever had to put lukas to bed early ... an hour and a half early ! hes been crabby crabby crabby and wouldnt stop throwing a fit so i put him to bed ... and hes actually ok with it ... so i guess maybe he just needs the sleep X-/ 
Seriously TIRED ! 
well here goes nothing ... i have lukas in underwear today just to see how he does . i told him if he pees or poops on < PROPMALE > that < PROPMALE > will cry so hopefully that works .. lol . 
channing tatum ... can i say yum ?! <3 ;) 
Jet fuel burns at 800Âº to 1500ÂºF , not hot enough to melt steel ( 2750ÂºF)\ 
HERE WE GO !!! 
How you like them apples ?!!!!!!! wooohooo ! 
dinner and movie date in a few : 
\no strings attached\ " was fuckin hilarious and cute :) and applebees is always yummy . " 
totally think my son fractured my nose last night . we were playing around n he headbutt me by accident . but ive had a headache ever since , my nose hurts to the touch and netime i do anything , and its swollen a little . hey , at least it isnt bent haha 
adopted a chihuahua today :) lukas loves him ! 
ewwwww !!!!! my son just licked my bare foot ! he was immitating the dog ! 
no work for me tomorrow ... yay !!! 
blah ! 
ok so i completely give up with urgent care centers today .. i drug my sick ass out to 2 of them and they were both closed .... ugh ! theraflu and more theraflu i guess . 
damn this sickness ... im sooo hungry and feel dehydrated but my stomach and lovely nausea wont let me eat and i can only sip water . hopefully this passes soon . im usually pretty tough when it comes to being sick but a ton of symptoms at once is getting to me . 
im awesome ... just in case u didnt know ;) 
* yawn * 
at home working ... god i love my job .. :) 
seriously , how does a nose make so much snot so fast ???... ugh ! 
probably wasnt the smartest thing to go out with my hair wet but ... at least got most of the snow off my car and 3 out of the 4 doors open .... still 1/2 inch of ice all around and wiper blades are completely covered and wont move .. but hey ... less i gotta do tomorrow morning . 
is it just me ... or is everyone in a relationship but me ? im feeling a bit left out .. 
Is it weird that I love the smell of Mr. Clean ? It energizes me for some reason ... 
I wanna be your butterfly ... 
you are the vanilla to my ice ... ahahahahaha ;) 
my head is pounding , my body aches , throat hurts , and dont get me started on my sinuses ... bout to take a shower and some nyquil , eat some more homemade chicken and dumplings ( thanks mom ) , and pass the eff out and hopefully feel better in the morning . 
mmmm ............. Carl's! 
I don't need a knight in shining armor ... I'd be happier with a dork in aluminum foil :) haha ! 
what a long stressful week ... TGIF ! 
making myself a steak for dinner ... i deserve it after this week :) 
random question : if you had to choose , which would you give up ... sex or food ???? hmmm , that's a toughie .. lmfao ! 
steak for lunch , then monster jam !!!! it's going to be a good day :) 
dinner smells A-MAZING in my house right now ! Is it sad that I'm excited to eat ? lmfao 
listening to my old music mixes ... its amazing the memory flashbacks i am having :) o , and lukas likes all the dance songs .. hahah ... he keeps making me shake my booty with him 
taking lukas to his first \theatre\ " movie . we are going to see gnomio and < PROPFEMALE > :) " 
if its meant to be it will come to me . 
anyone need a futon ??... i have one i need to get rid of .... like asap .. its in my dining room taking up space 
lukas is sick today :( poor boy . diarrhea and now he just puked all over my bed . im trying to get him to drink some pedialyte to keep him hydrated . 
poor boy is still sick . but he's in better spirits . after cleaning it up and cuddling again before bed he wanted me to sing him songs and he sang with me so thats a good sign . 
im whooped ... sick lukas all weekend and then just finished cleaning . still have a TON of laundry to put away . 
took < PROPMALE > to the doctors today . he had 2 separate viral infections . one causing vomiting/diarrhea and the other coughing/fever . blah . hes acting a litte more like his goofball self though 
wow lukas crashed out at 7 ... hope he sleeps all night . i have a killer headache :( 
Nothing like warm pita bread filled with grilled chicken , lettuce , cheese , croutons , and italian dressing .. mmmm mmmm !!! 
anyone wanna go to the connxtions comedy club on Saturday ? if i make reservations tomorrow i will get in free and 9 friends can get in half price ... 
gonna be an awesome and eventful day tomorrow . manicure , tattoo , dinner , and comedy club ... :) 
what a busy busy birthday weekend .... but it was great !! thanks everyone ! 
