Thanks FB friends for all the birthday wishes . I had a good one . 

is on to the next one . 
Damn Yankees win again . I'm disgusted . 
Black serial killer ? WTH ? 
is on cloud #9 . 
Me and my boy Dwan < PROPMALE > had a debate on who was a better lyricist between Eightball & MJG . What do you think FB ? 
Well FB , After tallying up the responses on my wall and my homeboy's wall it is dead even at 7 apiece on who is the best lyricist between 8ball & MJG . I have to say I learned something new from this . I thought Ball would win by a landslide . 
is glad GT is the ACC champs after that BS call . 
is asking what do women want ????? 
is still asking what do women want in a relationship ??? 
I am looking for people persons to go door to door in Dougherty Co . and campaign for our democrats in the upcoming election in November . This job will be temporary for about 39 days and it pays $10 per hour . If you are interested call me or inbox me your number and I will return your call ASAP . 
I am looking for people persons to go door to door in Dougherty Co . and campaign for our democrats in the upcoming election in November . This job is temporary and pays $10 per hour . If you are interested call me or inbox me your number and I will call you with more details . 
JOBS !! JOBS !! I am lookinfg for people persons to go door to door in Dougherty Co . to campaign for our democrats in the coming election in November . This job is temporary and pays $10 per hour . If you are interested call me or inbox me your number and I will call you with more details . 
I always new Lil < PROPMALE > had skillz but I have been waiting on him to put out a good album as a whole and I must say he did this time with I Am Not A Human Being . It's about time . 
Lose my number loser !! 
To everybody who was hitting me up on fb chat , well almost everbody . The app on my phone wont let me know when someone wants to chat . I wasn't ignoring you . 
T . I has made another album ( No Mercy)worth buying . If he ain't the < PROPMALE > of the South who is ? 
Emenem's grammy for best rap album ( Recovery ) is well deserved . In my opinion it is one of the greatest rap albums ever . 
The new Big Mama was lame . < PROPFIRST > slipped on this one . 
Just got finish watching the Celebrity Apprentice . I knew < PROPFIRST > was going home because good guys finish last in the business world . 
I just saw a chick eat 10 live worms for $300 . She must really needed that cash . I wouldnt eat 10 dead worms for $300 . The things people do on t.v for money . 
