Thanks , random gambling , for winning me enough money to buy a functioning router . Oh , the joy of Internet access in my room again ! 

Wow , I'm completely ass at < PROPFEMALE > Adventures ... 
Someone just quoted the Commodores in regard to Ball Lightning . I'm sort of amused that a 6/1 with trample & haste is apparently \easy like Sunday morning . \"" 
Why the hell am I awake at 3 in the morning ? Confusion at my own actions is continuing to mount . 
Yawn . I'm so freaking bored . World , you're going to need to be more effing interesting . 
Whoo ! Various activities happened ! Whoo ! ... All right , I'm bored again . 
Watching Zero Punctuation . Thanks , Firefox , for allowing me to save Flash movies to my laptop ! Now I'm mildly entertained . Kinda . 
Hooray ! More assorted activities that happened ! Whoo ! 
Huh . I just noticed there are a lot of ants next to me . I'm sitting under a tree inside , but still - quite a lot of fucking ants . And they're trying to eat my laptop's power supply , apparently . I didn't expect ants to want electricity , really . 
Heh . Someone just said Twilight is worse than being raped by a hobo . I cannot say I disagree . ( In theory , of course ... ) 
hopes to find a job , to earn the money necessary to live my lavish lifestyle . Also , I want to buy Dollhouse , which comes out this week . 
has to remember to check the < PROPMALE > for his next semester of school . Now , in theory , that could be done right now , but come on - that's obviously not going to happen . 
Sweet fancy < PROPMALE > , I'm tired ... 
quoted Happy Noodle Boy at someone earlier & is waiting for a response . It's either going to be amusing or awkward . 
is waiting with baited breath for the new SModcast to be put up . SModfast #3 needs to end already , damn it ! Plus , I'm really bored . 
is being unnecessarily sarcastic to people for no good reason . 
needs to go get the new issue of < PROPFEMALE > Season 8 . And then the next month needs to go by very quickly . 
has a horrific headache right now from a lack of caffeine . It's getting better , but still ... kind of fucking hurts . 
is pissed off at various people who are not currently talking to me . I don't even know why ! It's both confusing & frustrating . 
apparently won some free cards . Yay , me ! I am entirely a fan of free Magic cards ... 
is frustrated at how many awesome cards are available for the decks I want to make . Why did you give me so many options , Wizards ? WHY ?! 
is really bored . Why is there nothing interesting to do at midnight ? It's annoying . 
is being an ignorant hate tank . 
is all twitchy from drinking a pot of coffee for some currently unknown reason . Damn you , Me-In-The-Past ! You keep doing things for reasons & not telling me . 
is pretty damn excited about going to see Inglourious Basterds tomorrow . A Tarantino-directed movie about killing Nazis ? Good times . 
is still shocked at the ridiculous amount of violence in Inglourious Basterds . I liked it , don't get me wrong , but SO fucking gorey & violent . 
is investigating Ladder theory based upon being told to do so at 3 am yesterday . So far , it seems stupid . 
is excited to presumably play one last time with Common Cube later today . 
hates the world of < PROPFEMALE > Adventures , where virtual dice apparently have 17 sides labeled \1\ " . Fucking ridiculous . " 
Trying to kill some time before having to go back to school tomorrow . Very bored . 
Heh . How often do you get to say \It's all Super Mega Death Christ 2000 BC 4.0 Beta's fault ! \ " I am very amused with myself . " 
I just finished watching Adventureland . That movie is a trick . It lured me in with the siren song of a land of adventure , but ended up leaving me bitter & empty inside . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > was pretty funny , though . All in all , pretty good , but I'm sort of disappointed overall . 
is amused that Wizards has made a super-super-linear planeswalker . Go , Nissa Revane . Summon some Elves . Do it ! 
is sitting in the UC being bored and frustrated by a Flash game . Dammit , you stupid castle , I chucked 15 bombs at you : just DIE already ! 
is confused by a dream last night involving a co-worker . Even more confusion running rampant not a really good thing ... 
is excited for FNM later . Hopefully it goes : win --> get credit --> save credit to get Zendikar . ( Holy shit , that set seems awesome ... ) 
is watching a really horrible video in order to do homework later . Stupid college ... I hate you ! 
has to go interview some random person for a paper . College - really fucking awesome . 
What's blue & fucks babies ? Me , in my lucky blue suit . 
recently got back from yelling random statements at passersby from a window , & playing Sir Mix-A-Lot at them . That was fun . 
is trying to decide between studying for a test or going to < PROPFEMALE > out with random people . Decisions , decisions ... 
just got back from watching some Jesus-guy be foolish with a big fucking sign that said \JESUS SAVES FROM HELL . \ " It was amusing . I want to go counter-act his sign with one that says \ " Satanists do it better . And more fun . \"" 
Birfday today . Woot ! And now to figure out how to guilt people into giving me free shit . Hmm ... 
Huh . Apparently Firefox has a plugin that allows you to have a Dislike button on here . And now to show my disapproval of all their actions to the world . Away ! 
Remember , remember the 5th of November , 1955 : The day < PROPMALE > L . Brown invented time travel . 
So Fat < PROPFIRST > sat in the kitchen , and poured himself the final glass of white wine , and picked the cheese and the pepperoni from the top of the cold pizza while < PROPFEMALE > went off to run the bath and then started , suddenly and quite loudly , to scream . 
I should really work on those papers for English . Right after I take a nap . 
Ow ... shoulder ... painful ... FUCK . Why have you forsaken me , shoulder ? 
Curse you , Montana . Why does it need to be cold all the time ? 
Goddamn it . Now I've got the theme song to \Animaniacs\ " stuck in my head . I foresee this slowly driving me insane ... " 
Dammit . Now everything tastes like Soviet Russia . Happy New Year though . 
Awake before all my friends and got breakfast . I have a sneaking suspicion that I just don't fundamentally understand this \New Year's celebration\ " thing ... " 
About to apply for a cashier job . Oddly enough , they wanted a resume . Apparently Orange Street Food Farm has very high standards ... 
Officially pissed off . How is it fair for a single textbook to cost more than all the other things I need for next semester combined ? Ridiculous . 
Why bother doing nerdy activities if you don't take it to the extreme ? I'm doing research to decide what kind of character to make for an upcoming D&D campaign . 
would like to know what's going on without having the answer change 5 times in as many minutes , damn it . 
Just got an email from ThinkGeek telling me about the stuff I can get with my points . I'm left with a renewed urge to find a job . I need more cool but unnecessary tchotchkes ! 
Who cares about the Super Bowl ? A bunch of grown men playing with balls on a Sunday afternoon - I don't get it . 
Bored . And tired . And distracted . Getting that speech written by Thursday is seeming less and less likely by the minute . 
Apparently I have to pay more attention while chewing gum . I bit the inside of my cheek earlier - the hole is about the size of the tip of my pinky finger . Frigging OW ! 
is going to sleep . Tired , tired . Oh so very tired . < PROPFIRST > wants some sleep ! 
Regelneuker means \Rule-f*cker\ " in Dutch . I am very amused by this . " 
Apparently got an 85 on my speech . The audience must have had a very different impression of that train wreck than I did . Shrug . 
Wants to watch House , but there is only one seed available . Frown . That's not getting downloaded for a while . 
One of the dollar stores in town has Starbucks Doubleshots for $4.00 /12-pack . I'm so hopped up on caffeine , I could vibrate through walls like the Flash . 
Is bored , as a result of failing to find anything to distract myself from the current problem at hand . And useless speculation is frigging boring ! Sigh . 
Apparently going to see Cop Out later . Who'dve thunk it ? 
Wow . Cop Out was amazing . If you haven't seen it , go . Go now . I laughed my ass off . 
Finally finished his taxes . Not what I thought I'd be doing at 4 in the morning , but ... 
Is befuddled , intrigued , and envious . Damn you , random conversation ! 
Back from bowling . Go go dollar games ! Got a 178 somewhere in there ; not too bad , I suppose . All in all , good times were had . 
Drunken teenage girls are amusing until they go to hug you . Then it's just kind of awkward . 
Stop outbidding me , foolish eBay people ! I want to get things for less than they're worth , and you're ruining my fun ! 
I'm apparently going to see HOT TUB TIME MACHINE . Never underestimate the value of a free ticket , kids ! 
\Roman Polanski comes to me and says ... \ " \ " Here's some Quaaludes . Bend over ; your shoe's untied . \"" 
Yes ! I will , at some unknown point in the future , have a job ! 
Decided which presentations I'm going to go to on Thursday & Friday . It was tough - apparently no one knows how to make an interesting Economics presentation . 
Is pissed off that Kick-Ass is not going to be available for my viewing pleasure in Missoula . 
Yes ! Kick-Ass is such an awesome movie ! 
I don't have to present my speech until next week . This is a very good thing . Now I have time to start writing it . 
Is getting frustrated by the Daleks ' indestructibility . There's only so many times you can come back from complete destruction before it just gets annoying . 
Google ! Un-disable my account RIGHT NOW . I mean it ! Grr ... 
\I want you to sniff these handkerchiefs 
is about to watch < PROPMALE > & The Chipmunks 2 : The Squeakual . It's at this point I'm beginning to think I am far too easily amused . 
is done with finals ! YES !! 
Iron Man 2 was really cool . The post-credits teaser was actually really cool . 
I don't think I'm alone in saying I would pay exorbitant fees to watch < PROPFIRST > Downey , Jr. dicking around onstage as < PROPFIRST > Stark , no Iron Man required . 
Ichiroooooooooooo ! 
Grr ... Team Fortress 2 needs to start being functional & let me connect to a server . I am getting pissed off . 
Nom . Tasty hoagies & a soda drown the disappointment of going 3-3 at the Nationals qualifier this afternoon . 
All the best decisions are made after 3 in the morning ... 
Do NOT Google Blue Waffle . I think I might puke now ... 
might actually be recovered , finally , from my first shift at Carmike . It's been 6 hours ... 
is bored . Soooooooo boooooooooorrrrrred . 
... Master Ninja Theme Song ! 
\First they came for the verbs 
This is going to bug me all day ... someone is apparently going to Utah . But I don't know who . Curses . 
Catching up on podcasts . I have 13 hours of other peoples ' conversations to listen to . And ... go . 
11 
14 
20 
24 
27 
30 
34 
39 
There's still almost a week ? I want it to be Saturday now ... 
Someone forgot $50 in change at the self-serve registers at Albertson's when I was there earlier . Coincidentally , I got $48 and free cereal right around the same time ... 
is in Seattle for a PTQ tomorrow . Fun times are hopefully to be had . 
Wow , < PROPFEMALE>'s Body is such a horrible movie . 
The Last Airbender was not quite as horrible as I thought it might've been . It wasn't as good as I hoped , either . 
\You know who else wanted to follow his dreams and ambitions ? HITLER !! \"" 
Time to go celebrate life , < PROPFEMALE > , & the pursuit of happiness . Also known as blowing up stuff with other stuff . 
Sleep ...! 
I need to go to sleep , for the M11 prerelease and work tomorrow , but I'm not tired ! This is a conundrum . 
I can't believe I had to get up at 7:15 to move tree branches ... Frown . 
Is going to see Inception in a few minutes . Hopefully it will be better that the last movie I saw for free - The Last Airbender . 
Wow . Inception was really really good . The end made me mad , though . 
Just finished reading all the < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim books . Why can't it be the 20th already ? I want to know what happens next ! 
Watching Clerks The Animated Series with one of my friends . \Sharks only swim in salt water ! \ " \ " I have salt water in my toilet ... \"" 
My feet really f-ing hurt ... 
Goddamn it . I really , really hate my stupid car . 
Now has a much larger television . Who knew Goodwill actually sold quality merchandise ? 
Dammit , laptop , you have an S-video out for a reason ! Stop going into a seizure of technical failure every time I try hooking you up to my TV ! 
Drinking some coffee & trying to acclimitize myself to waking up at 6 in the morning again . I don't know which one is more horrible ... 
Whew . Tuition nightmare looks like it's solved at this point . Awesome . 
Gaah ! In what universe does \buying a pdf version of a textbook\ " equate to \ " having to open each chapter as a pdf from an ebook version & save it manually\ " ? Anger ! " 
Learning how Pathfinder works in order to maybe be able to get some gaming in . 
I hate you IRS ! I just need a copy of my W-2 ! This automated phone system is cruel and unusual punishment ! 
Insert your own nationalistic , jingoistic statement here . 
wants it to be tonight already . Anticipation ... 
is really excited for the Scars of Mirrodin prerelease tomorrow . 
4th place , after completely bombing the first round of the prerelease ? I'll take it . And my free packs . Oh , hello Elspeth - I hear you're worth cash money ... 
has a fancy new phone now , with a functional space key ! That was beginning to get really annoying ... 
... And I'm 21 ! Wait , I have no < PROPFEMALE > to drink . Well , this has been a boring birthday so far . 
7 out of 10 GDS essays done ... this seems much more difficult than I thought it would be . 
Just sent in my essays for the Great Designer Search . Here's hoping that I will make it to the next part of the competition . 
Passed the exam portion of the GDS2 . Multiple choice questions to come on Wednesday . 
\Creativity is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration . And 175% haters . \"" 
I don't have school today , but I have to go to work . Why am I not allowed to vote in the evening , UM ? Huh ? Help , help , I'm being repressed ! 
Everyone ranting about the 5th of November today : Why do you support the return of a Catholic monarch to the throne of England ? 
Wow . Tsutomu Yamaguchi is the only person alive who has been hit by both atomic bombs used during WWII . I am somewhat impressed . 
Trying to help < PROPFIRST > Wamsley get his car stereo to work . It'd be good if I knew anything about wiring and such ... Oh well . 
\Sometimes there just isn't enough vomit in the world ... \"" 
You & I wake up in jail together ... Using only FOUR words , what would \ 
you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you've gotta copy and paste this in \ 
your status so I can comment on yours ! Fair is fair ... Play along ! 
I hate net present value so much . Oh so very much . 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To JOIN \ 
THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE and not see a human face on Facebook until \ 
Monday , December 6th . Copy & paste to your status and invite your \ 
friends to do the same ! 
Got bored . Started listening to old episodes of the < PROPFEMALE > Arcade podcast . Hilarious comedy gold . 
Frown . My brilliant plan seems likely doomed to failure from events yet to occur . I am displeased . 
God-fucking-dammit , why does the world hate it when something might go well for me ? This is a really shitty situation now and I hate everyone involved . 
Just ordered some fancy dice . Because who doesn't love more dice ? 
Unisystem ... bah . This is getting annoying ... 
Hates Windows Vista with a passion . Why won't it let me upgrade it with this 7 disc ? If I don't remove the cancer , you will DIE , computer ! Do you want to die ? 
That was odd . Helped a friend do some photo-class project by wearing an eyepatch and assailing people with a plastic sword . 
Aah , freshly-reinstalled Win7 . Let the re-installation of everything ... begin ! 
That's Numberwang ! 
Dammit , Farscape , you cannot yank someone's eye out of the socket , fit a chip the size of my thumbnail to their optic nerve , then snap it back in with no ill effects . That's just not possible . 
Catching up on SModcast . I have like 35 hours of podcast to listen to ; should make a good break from Farscape . 
Confusion , boredom , and annoyance running around in my head at breakneck speed . Feels like my emotions should be accompanied by Yakety Sax . 
Vacation is not treating me well . I'm going stir crazy ... and it's only been 3 days . :/ 
EDH ! Huzzah ! 
At this point , I think I am the personification of indecisiveness . I wonder how I could tell , though ... 
\Legally acquiring\ " some Christmas music \ " from iTunes \"." 
All of my gifts are shit , unless they're cash . And no stores are open today . I almost want to go into Grinch mode at this point . 
< PROPMALE > Butcher , why must all of your books be so awesome ? You're going to make other authors feel bad ... 
< PROPMALE > legionnaires with bending powers fighting against pseudo-Zerg ? Oh my god this is such a good series . 
I am hating multiple people for their indecisiveness with the fury of a thousand suns right now . How hypocritical ... 
Senator Arnos is such a complete asshole ... 
Drinking cocoa out of a mangled Starbucks can because of an abiding mistrust of the cups in my house . So goddamn classy . 
Is really disappointed that the game I just made a character for is probably not going to happen . * sadface * 
The next time someone asks if I want a reason to mock them , I need to say no . Just ... no . 
Note to self : Mountain Dew does not wash down schezuan sauce very well at all . 
Damn . My ranting has been denied . I'm not at all pleased . 
wants to play some EDH this week , but is far too lazy to begin the necessary task of Magic player-wrangling . 
Sigh . Now I remember why I was procrastinating this character-building business - Unisystem completely sucks . 
I'm beginning to question the wisdom of buying a lottery ticket each time I go to the grocery store . It seems like it's only making me poor and angry . 
\Surreptitious ? \ " \ " Uh ... you put it on a pancake . \"" 
\You've got the opposite of procrastination . \ " \ " You mean overwork ? \ " \ " I think that's an addiction ... like heroin . \"" 
I am filled with laptop-based rage . 
Is really bored , but the only real option is a rave , which I have almost no interest in . 
Ah , mockery . What can't you fix ? 
I'm going to be classy , and not call you an asshole . 
has groceries for the next week or thereabouts . I apparently eat lots of ramen when left to my own devices . 
Why do I listen to people when they make estimates as to when things will happen ? Goddamn it ... 
I wish it was the end of the month already ... I'm already impatient . 
Dammit , today has been a day full of disappointments . 
\I've always dreamed of having super powers !!! This is just too much to resist ! I have head-explody ! \"" 
< PROPFIRST>'s! 
Why am I watching The Tooth < PROPFEMALE > right now ? It's a weird contrast to Bride of Chucky ... 
Random trivia contest against < PROPFIRST > Lai ... good times . 
I need to try and find time for more EDH before school and work steal all of my free time again . 
Stuffed crust chicken , pineapple , and jalapeno pizza with extra cheese . Yes ! 
One and a half weeks ... Time needs to go faster , dammit ! 
Turn 3 Wurmcoil Engine , turn 4 Wurmcoil Engine ... I think this deck is pretty good . xD 
Got a signed comic and a copy of the \Once More With Feeling\ " soundtrack for being at Muse for their \ " Buffy Birthday Bash\ " and knowing trivia . Cool beans . " 
So ... much ... goddamn ... pasta ... ugh . 
Now I remember why I quit playing Magic for a while ... good cards are expensive . 
It needs to be next week . Really . A lot . 
First thing I see on Twitter when I log in : \INVESTIGATE ! INCRIMINATE ! WATERGATE !! #DalekWoodwardAndBernstein \ " I love it ! " 
Went bowling , then to Dennys . Good times ... Also , apparently my nickname is Kyleoooooooooooooooo now . Huh . 
Bet $1 , cashed out with $10 . Seems acceptable . 
is watching Kick-Ass with a few friends . Hit Girl is hilarious . 
Preparing for Mirrodin Besieged shenanigans tomorrow . Coming up on 6 years of playing Magic , but prereleases are never not fun and exciting . 
Apparently my horrible sewing skills are not completely useless , since I managed to fix my pants acceptably enough . 
3-3 , not great ... at least I opened Koth and Blightsteel Colossus to make up for it , moneywise . xD 
Goddamn it ... it was nice on Saturday ! 
Apparently my laptop battery should be here today . Only waiting 4 days is awesome . 
Holy shit . Apparently there's a fire in the Food Zoo . And my coat is still inside ... GODDAMN IT ! 
I want it to be later so I can go bowling ... 
Two packs of Mirrodin Besieged -> Tezzeret and foil Sphere of the Suns . Seems good . 
Why am I watching the Dukes of Hazzard right now ? Screw this ! 
So apparently I've been banned from Muse Comics Inc . for a week ? I am quite confused ... I heard nothing about this when I was there earlier . 
My order from ThinkGeek hasn't even finished processing yet . 2-day shipping is so worthwhile when it takes more than 2 days for it to even get processed . 
Wow . Why can't this game accept wireless peripherals ? Screw you Xbawks ! 
Starting to remember how Excel works . Fancy-shit EDH decklists are probably needless but surprisingly helpful . 
\Note that your order could remain in this state for several days . \ " GODDAMN IT THINKGEEK I WANT MY TCHOTCHKES ! " 
Far , far too much snow . I hate you , weather ! * shakes fist at the sky * 
Well , I guess no one wanted to go bowling . Sad face . I was kind of anticipating that . 
Wii bowling . Good times are being had . 
Wait , why is my stuff going to Kentucky ? I'M LOCATED IN THE OPPOSITE DIR ... oh , 2-day * Air * you say ? 
Phone acquired . 
Need to try and get more testing in . Tempered Steel might be a legit Standard deck . 
Sardonic ( Adj . ) : Characterized by bitter or scornful derision ; mocking ; cynical . 
Only my feet concede that , in fact , it might possibly be cold outside . 
Huh . Apparently Mubarak resigned . Hooray for Egypt ? Shrug . 
Damn it , why don't people have the cards I'm trying to find ? You're letting me down , Missoula Magic players . Really letting me down ... 
is watching Spartacus : Blood and Sand . There are so many random breasts in this show ... it's rather distracting . 
Holding out at one life for so many turns ... can he come back ? Come on Guillaume ! 
Well , no Extended tourny . Sham . Not entirely unexpected , though . You've let me down yet again , Missoula Magic players . 
iTunes is alive ! And downloading many , many podcasts ! xD 
I feel like I'm going to pronounce shaman as shuhmon from now on . 
just got \Rock Lobster\ " by the B-52's stuck in my head while writing pseudocode . " 
Being strong-armed into asking someone out so they will be less annoying ... that's kind of awks . 
Apparently no one is allowed to yell at work anymore . I had so much fun yelling all night though ! This makes me a sad panda ... 
Made a ridiculously simple program in Visual Basic . I am now full of undeserved arrogance regarding all things computorial . 
Fish eggs getting thrown on people and many , many lewd jokes : some of the redeeming factors of working at the Food Zoo . 
Ugh ... this is a seemingly intractable problem . Hate ...! 
Taco < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! Om nom nom ! 
I wish I had the ability to make decisions while not possessing all possible relevant information . It would be somewhat helpful ... 
Frown . I hate it when a plan fails to come together . 
Too much information to process for one thing , not enough information for another ... goddamn it . 
It is a really good thing that there is no class in the morning ... and now , to SLEEP . 
Der Ohrwurm greift mich an ! Neiiiiiiiiiiiin !! * schüttelt Faust * 
Wow . Listening to the Nerdist podcast talk about Boy Meets World . \I didn't know this was going to turn into Boy-Meets-Worldcast ... \"" 
Kind of unsure whether to be somewhat depressed or extremely pissed off . Sort of my own fault , I suppose , but still . 
Hmm . Looks like I might be heading to Butte in the near future . 
Bowling ! 
Wind nooooooo ! 
So incredibly bored ... frown . 
Bored ... lots . 
Engaging in some monkeying-about with Excel to make a reasonable decklist spreadsheet . Now I need to relearn how to use Excel to do some stuff ... 
Planning and scheming ... 
Oh hi State tax refund ! Fancy seeing you here ! 
So I seem to recall someone getting into top 8 of the GP trial today as the 8th seed , and then proceeding to crush in the quarters and semis , going on to win the whole thing ? But who could this mysterious person possibly have been ? 
Welp , my deck is figured out for the 1/2K tournament in Butte , barring crazy testing results . Now to get some sleep , dammit . 
I hate having to pay for things that I should already have . 
Huh . I usually don't like this type of music , but Girl Talk is surprisingly compelling ... 
Hanging out with drunks at Dennys is so much fun . 
Well that's a wonderful potential disappointment . Well done < PROPFIRST > Estep . 
Taco < PROPMALE > Mar ! Om nom nom ... 
I don't want to do this lab , but I also don't want to fail my Programming class . Decisions , decisions ... 
Top 4 at Game Day . Not too bad . Free promo , a deck box , and I managed to pick up an extra Black Sun's Zenith promo as well , so that's pretty cool . 
Testing out the beta of Firefox 4 . I mostly like it , but some of my add-ons aren't supported yet so it only gets like a 70% approval rating . 
Buffalo chicken sandwich wins ... DELICIOUSITY ! 
Can it be Friday yet ? 
According to someone on Twitter , I'm apparently a doctor . Screw this University business , then ; I'm going to buy a white coat , then off to the hospital ! 
Dammit , I want to say something here , but I ( uncharacteristically ) don't want to be an asshole . What to do ?! 
I need to learn that when someone says not to Google something , sometimes that actually means to not Google it . Oh god that was horrible ... 
So many things to do today ... ACK ! 
96% on the project I spent roughly 10 minutes on ? Yeah , I guess that's acceptable ... 
And now ... off to < PROPFIRST>'s Subs & Espresso . 
My ability to imagine only the extreme possibilities of any given scenario has not eroded over the years ... 
I need to stop causing me to be disappointed in myself . ( Seems unlikely ... ) 
I can't tell whether that was a good time or a disappointment . I was definitely disappointed by some happenings tonight though .... 
A wild Japan appears . Dugtrio used Earthquake . It's super effective ! 
Fun times . Conceded to a couple of my friends to get them into top 8 , where they availed themselves nicely(and split winnings with me , of course ) . Yay $100 for playing Magic . 
Well , to quote emo Darth Vader from Episode III ... \NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !! \"" 
Q : How many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb ? \ 
A : It's a pretty obscure number , you've probably never heard of it . 
If I enjoy a non-circular pie , does it still count as celebrating Pi Day ? 
Going to go see a movie and then have some pie for Pi Day . This day's turning up ... 
\I don't care if you don't/I don't care if you don't/I don't care if you don't care \"" 
Ugh . So very tired . School is a terrible thing & I hate it . 
Apparently it might not always be apparent when I'm joking . I don't actually know how to solve this problem . 
Maybe I could buy a muzzle , so that I can stop putting my foot in my mouth so goddamn much ... 
Convincing lazy hippies to get back on Twitter after a year so I can talk to them : good times . 
Fun times with people I haven't seen in a reasonable amount of time . 
I'm almost afraid that I'll have to add parenthetical notation when I type things , so it's clear that things are sarcasm , or jokes , or suchlike . 
Hmm . I almost want to go drinking for once to celebrate St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day . < PROPFEMALE > racial memory resurfacing ? 
Huh . Apparently random pedestrians enjoy Flogging < PROPFEMALE > as much as I do . 
\What's going on in Japan ? Some kind of festival ? \ " \ " It's actually a national swimming competition . \ " \ " Dude ... too soon . \ " Heh . " 
Getting blamed for anonymous people sending messages about God smiting people down -> kind of confusing . 
\ ... I use that to fuck them someplace very uncomfortable . \ " \ 
Oh , the Internet drama ... 
\Global cultures ! \ " \ " I have no idea what that is or why that excites you ... \"" 
Sigh . Browbeaten into getting Skype . Infinite frowns ... 
I wish I understood crazy people better so I had some kind of idea as to what in the flying fuck is going on right now ... I'm so incredibly confused . 
Wow , I'm incredibly bored . This sucks . 
People are confusing ... 
I get 3 extra days instead of 2 for my programming lab ! Hell yes ! Thank you CS lab instructor for being supportive towards my procrastination . 
Going to miss the microecon class where we talk about game theory . Nooooooooooo ! 
Damn it . This should not be making me as confused and upset as it is . Curse you , emotions , you traitorous bastards . 
* facekeyboard * * facedesk * * sledgehammerlaptop * HATE ... 
Bicycle get ! 
Apparently I'm making enemies because of the friends that I have . That's awesome . On an unrelated note , * facepalm x9001 * 
Bah . I'm happy my program got done on time , but now I have nothing to do . Woe is meeeeeeeeeee ... 
Everyone's talking about potatoes recently . I'm vaguely confused . 
\I'm sure those windmills will keep them cool . \ " \ " WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY ! GOOD NIGHT ! \"" 
Hanging out with friends , acceptable random people , and < PROPMALE > : all in all , not too bad ( except for < PROPMALE > ) . 
\So he's not going to < PROPFEMALE > out with people he knows and actually enjoys spending time with because he's got an imaginary position in a fake world on the Internet ? Are you shitting me ?! \"" 
Goddamn it , something needs to occur . Time to go enact my will upon the world ! 
Ugh . Up too early . On the plus side , the bike is fixed(ish ; the back tire is slightly bent , so I had to loosen the brakes to unuseability for it to rotate , but whatevs ) , so I'm gonna take that for a ride . 
Come out come out wherever you are , elusive Kill < PROPMALE > DVDs ... Seriously where the hell did I put those movies ? Gone through 3 DVD books & 2 stacks of individual cases . 
So very bored ... Frown . 
Trying to figure out the best program for recording Skype calls ( audio , if not also video ) . Macs have a wealth of options and Windows gets screwed , it seems . 
So ... frigging ... bored ! 
Whenever I read the Dresden Files , I always hear Marcone's voice in my head as Fat < PROPFIRST > from the Simpsons . 
My standard answer to probability questions I don't care about : 50% . Either [ THING ] happens , or it doesn't . 
Having a conversation involving plans to rent a house makes me feel far more adult than usual . 
Wile E . Coyote : Super Genius 
Goddamn it , this is frustrating . There are infinitely more options for 3 bedroom places than 4 bedroom . 
\To be is to do . \ " - Socrates\ 
I love winning arguments by using Google . < PROPFIRST > Estep , maybe you should learn this newfangled technology ... 
Sigh . Bored and vaguely pissed off . Today is kind of disappointing . 
So frigging tired . (>_<) 
Bwahahahaha ... Today is too amusing . I'm overwhelmed by schadenfreude . 
Dammit , now I have songs from The Lion < PROPMALE > stuck in my head ... 
If you play a < PROPFIRST > Bieber song backward , you hear messages from Satan . Even worse , if you play it forward , you hear < PROPFIRST > Bieber . 
Just got back from watching < PROPFIRST > . New entry for my top 5 favorite movies . So goddamn funny ! 
Yay passive-aggressive response to something not really involving me . 
Goddamn it , why has Visual Basic suddenly decided to fuck with me and not recognize these commands ? GRR NERD RAGE . 
I am loving these Apple headphones . Found them behind the radio at work . I definitely wouldn't pay $30 for them , but they're fancy and comfortable . 
Irritating Pig Latin-translator program done . Huzzah ! Now to get my shit together for Magical Cards tomorrow ... 
But they weren't thinking beings - only devices programmed with a simple set of responses to predetermined stimuli . ( National book week . Rules : grab the closest book to you , turn to < PROPFEMALE > 52 , post the 5th sentence as your status . Don't mention the title . Copy the rules as part of your status . ) 
\They should make an anti-Facebook where you send enemy requests to people you don't like so you can just write nasty things on your status and read a feed full of people being assholes . And it will be called Assbook . \"" 
Ugh ... I hate being sick . 
May 9 , get here faster ! 
\'Infect me with your lovin ' / fill me with your poison . ' < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is clearly a Phyrexian . \ " Heh . " 
9th place after the cut to top 8 at the Nationals Qualifier ... Feels bad , man . 
God-fucking-dammit . This is pissing me off ... 
Does anyone more computer-aware than I know how to fix iPods ? Left mine hooked to the computer last night to charge , and it apparently froze on the sync screen . Windows & iTunes aren't recognizing it , and no buttons are working . 
\And now it's time for our last question . The category : Hermaphrodite Nazi Sympathizers . \"" 
