I was just curious ... I am not yet impressed . 

I apparently never post ... lol . I just found out about Facebook Lite ( http://lite.facebook.com/) . There is much less chatter about games and gifts and awards and fish and pretzels . It's quieter and more peaceful . 
is about to wath the Pixar Shorts . I am so excited .... seriously geeking out . I need to get a life . LOL ! 
For some very odd reason , I spend more time on Twitter than on Facebook ( @jtanner28 for you Twitter fans ) . It doesn't make sense . Facebook has pictures and games and is full of people I know and like . Twitter is like shouting into an empty barrel . I guess the < PROPFEMALE > amuses me . I think that I prefer a social networking site where no one ever responds to me . Is there such a thing as an \anti-social networking\ " site ? " 
I am slowly being dragged into the gravity field of Facebook despite my natural anti-social inertia . I woke up today , got a bowl of oatmeal , sat down at my computer , scanned over my immense list of bookmarks and chose for the coveted day-opener < PROPFEMALE > ... Facebook . Don't tell any ! It would ruin my reputation . 
I just downgraded back to Linux Mint 7 ( which I love and will never leave again ) . However , a funny thing happened on the way to the downgrade : my computer now speaks British . Seriously . The keyboard layout is set up for English ( British Isles ) and I don't know how to change it back to god-fearing-apple-pie-eating-star-and-stripes-red-blooded American . ( continued in comments ) 
Tweeting from Gwibber in Ubuntu 10.04 LTS ... somewhat cool 
is going to eat Chinese food and then on to a funfilled night of < PROPFEMALE>'s Got Talent . 
is upset that the afore-mentioned fun-filled night of < PROPFEMALE>'s Got Talent was interupted by an epic-recording-fail due to operator error .... BTW , I have kidnapped the remote control . If you want to see your precious remote again , leave a bag full of unmarked sandwiches in the mailbox ... The chinese food was good though . 
is extremely agitated with himself !! I just went from a whooping great lead in an online poker tourney to placing 6th ... IT ONLY PAID 1ST TO 5TH !! @ !! I terrorized the tables for an hour and then turned into a donkey in two hands . That , my friends is called a pokerfacepalm . 
just got home ... It's 12:41 AM . Sixteen hour work days get old real quick . 
just made a high score on the Wal-Mart blood pressure chair game ! 145/93 Stage 1 hypertension achievement unlocked ! 
is having fun playing with Facebook apps . There is a lot of neat stuff on here . 
GRRR ! Argh . Wells Fargo is about to lose a customer . 
is super excited to get xkcd as a tab on my profile . I guess I can do that with any FB app , but I just noticed it . 
is kind of embarrassed about not sending responses to FB messages . I don't really have an excuse . So here is the list of people that this half-hearted excuse for and apology this is directed to : < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . Talking to me is like talking to a three year old : three minutes of frenzied random conversation followed by an afternoon of chasing butterflies ... I'll catch one of them some day ! 
is slightly less miffed at this last poker sit-n-go : 3rd . I ended in the money and completely on top on the hand that I busted out . 92% favorite . I had Jacks with and Ace kicker and a dry board . He had 10's ( middle pair ) with an Ace kicker . I had been bullying him out of pots and he was tilted and loose . I would have won but he caught one of the last two miracle 10's in the deck . Damn the luck . 
got up late . BOOOO !!! I was hoping to get out and mow the yard under conditions that did not require a radiation suit and a Geiger counter . Oh well . Lobster red is a good color for me anyway . 
Archaeological fun fact of the day : Dinosaurs don't like butter . 
( e raised to the power of ( pi times i )) plus 1 = 0 . If that doesn't cook your noodle , nothing will . 
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here , it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable . There is another theory which states that this has already happened . -- Fit the Seventh , the radio broadcast of The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy 
A simple math problem : How many squares of all sizes are in a 3x3 square grid ? ( Answer : 14 ) 4x4 grid ? ( A : 30 ) You get the picture . Now derive a formula for for an AxB grid where A and B are not necessarily equal .... Now expand the formula to X dimensions ! The first derivation is a good exercise . The second one is torture ! :) 
OK so that stung . I just lost a cool million on WSOP Poker . Misread the turn . I am now down to 1.22 Million . 
is going to the doctor this afternoon . Have to have my cholesterol checked , my blood pressure checked , possible kidney stones , upper back pain due to thoracic arthritis , probable plantar fasciitis , issues with concentration and memory ... and something else ... getting old sucks . 
busted out of a single table sit-n-go poker tournament last night in 3rd place . I had queens , he had 5's . The flop was 5-2-5 .... quads for my opponent . I typed into the chat box \That's no way to treat a pair of ladies ! \"" 
If there is such a thing as facebook , is there a Facelibrary ?.... CAN A BROTHA GET A < PROPMALE > DECIMAL SYSTEM HERE ? :) 
must stay home from work tomorrow and take care of my girls .... 
There is simply no justice in the world ! I just found out that bacon is bad for me . It is apparently created whenever a salt molecule and a cholesterol molecule fall in love . Curse you , cruel cruel world ! 
is getting the jitters ! I have been facebook-less for almost 9 hours now . Our network at work was having a bad hair day . 
AND ANGELS DESCENDED FROM HEAVEN AND GRANTED < PROPMALE > A JOB ! Can I get a hallelujah , my brethren ? F# @k it , we're celebrating ! I'm thinking steak and lobster ... ( please excuse the profanity , but it was seriously called for in this case ! ) 
is flying higher than a kite ! The good news just keeps rolling in . It's the anti-Friday-the-13th . I somehow reversed the polarity of the fields ! 
is being tortured from the inside out today . :( Working from home . 
took his shot at a < PROPMALE > tournament and didn't make it . BOO ! There's always next year . 
Updating my Facebook through the Wii ... really slow ... 
