I want to do something today but it's so freaking cold :( 

going to the tea house 
I hate Sundays when all I want to do is sleep but I get up at like 8 and cant get back to bed UGH 
about to watch true blood ( even though the show sucks ) 
I had the day from HELL just glad to be home . 
sweet the breakfast club is on .. Whoo hoo 
really had a shit day at work I HATE PEOPLE 
I Have Never Been So Happy It's Friday .. 
I cant believe I'm up so early .. on a Saturday ugh . 
Time to get ready to take off .. Heading to the Gem and Jewelry Show at Rock Financial Showplace Should be fun .. 
I love boarders .. so many books .. I think I'm going to become one of those people that < PROPFEMALE > out there all day and read books that I dont intend to buy . lol 
Oh my god remember Pogs LOL so funny 
sometimes I wish I didn't live in the boonies .. I'm so board and there is no one home . 
well today I got the box to ship my laptop in for service . The DVD drive is screwed up and can't write .. So now I'm out a laptop for at least 2 weeks .. that sucks .. But I'm really glad I got the extended warranty . I always have the desk top but it's just 
I love < PROPFIRST > Lillard 
is rockin ' out to some < PROPFIRST > Idol 
Didn't sleep very well at all this whole week . I'm so glad it's the weekend so I don't have to get up at 5:30 in the morning . 
watching The Big Bang Theory ( The Best Show Ever ) 
It's been a great day , I just got an e-mail my laptop should be back tomorrow , The weather is great mostly cloudy just like i like it , and I think I'll take a nap .. Good times . 
tomorrow is sushi day Whoo Hoo !! 
so i got my laptop back from hp today . I was all excited untill I open the package and find my computer scratched all to hell .. Now I'm pissed this thing was over a thousand dollars . I have now been on the phone with hp for almost an hour already and I ha 
Had a great weekend of doing nothing but things I actually wanted to do . Lots of time at the reading and catching up on my computer . 
well , weekend over back to work to listen to people scream at me that no one will call them back .. LOL thats what I do I take shit for everyone else . 
So < PROPMALE > and I had HBO on and < PROPMALE > Potter and the order of the phoenix came on so we thought we would watch it again .. Now I remember why I haven't seen it since it came out JK Rowling is such a bitch . 
Hulu is awesome 
watching the history channel . The Best ! 
< PROPMALE > Raccoon checked into his room Only to find Gideon's bible and with that good night all 
stayed home from work today got a lot done . Went through all my old cd's and cassette tapes because < PROPMALE>'s sister gave me a new radio because mine finally quit . After < PROPMALE > and I spent like a hour last night setting it up we found out that the c.d player i 
off to the Ren fest today Lots of Fun 
I need an extra $200 I realllly want The Beatles Box Set .. 
if you people spent less time thinking about sex and more time concentrating on comic books we would have less of these embarrassing moments . HA HA I LOVE THIS SHOW ... 
well < PROPMALE > just left from dropping me off in Lansing .. 3 days of being by myself in a hotel room :( 
alright board out of my mind .. I think I'll go have dinner or something . 
well off to dinner with the big wigs should be fun 
back from my dinner . So of course they sit me with the president of the company .... 
this hotel is great . free milk and cookies delivered to your room before bed ... LOL . 
off for another day of meetings .. 
oh my god I just had the most amazing dinner Grilled Filet of North Atlantic Salmon with Artichoke Ravioli ~ roasted beet coulis . and Crepe cake ~ crème anglaise later .. that artichoke ravioli and beet coulis was the best of course it was crazy expensive but it's not on my tab .. 
another great thing i found the old episodes on the show THE < PROPMALE > I forgot how great that was . 
so my day was total shit .. My car got smached while I was sitting at a red light . Nice .. Now I'm off to a feneral for my uncle that will take up my whole saturday .. And the hits just keep coming . 
so my phobia of driving did not get any better after the accident .. I hate driving . 
so again another crap day . I find out my car is a Total . So now I have to find another car . I then go on to have a filling fall out of one of my teeth . So I'm out a ton of cash I dont have for a new car and a crown . If my luck dosen't turn around soon I might fall apart all together . 
getting over my cold .. sitting in bed watching old episodes of The Big Bang Theory ... If I didn't feel like my head was going to fall off this would be a great day . 
nothings better than a cup of tea :) 
3 days of work this week .. I can do that right ? UGH ! 
off for the holidays whoo hoo . If anyones out my way give me a call . 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > everyone . Have a great day .. Off to < PROPFEMALE > with the in laws for the day . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone .. Off to to old stomping grounds to spend the day with the fam . 
Tea Time . :) 
Nothing to do today .. What to do , what to do ? 
oh man I just broke my diet .. I had pizza hut for dinner . I dont know if It was the best thing I ever ate because it was good or if it was so good becasue I haven't had anything with grease in it for like 2 months .. I probably gained like 2 pounds from it but it was worth it .. LOL 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > .. WOW that's crazy .. LOL 
it's time for my shows first up How I Met Your Mother :) 
Took the day off work today i didn't get any sleep last night .. 
go on urbandictionary.com and look up you name to see what you get !... mine is ... One of the most popular names for a newborn girl in 1970 . Most Lisas are hot . and . The name of a girl who is very pretty and is so lovable that boys fall in love with her instantly . 
it also says a freakin AMAZING chica ... anything but unattractive . Hell she is totally far from that . Can we say delilctible .... Loves chinese food and tattoos . Loves moths doing there own kamakaze suicide atempts into flames . Usually a very good speller . And loves her little , should be , foreign car . And is always ready for a fun time . 
and still it go's on .... An extremely smart and sexy female with great hair and a great face . Nice , sweet and generous are words that go along with < PROPFEMALE > . She is funny and giving . Not a slut by any means but does like to have a good time . Always ready to party and her phone is always ringing . She is self confident and blessed with good genes . She just has it all ; all other girls are extremely jealous of her . 
I LOVE THAT WEB SITE !! 
what to do for dinner ?? < PROPMALE > is gone so it's just me .. Maybe something good . 
Time for Bones 
I hate Super Bowl Sunday ... Oh well .. Off to get ready to go to Borders for buy one get one half off .. Any one Want to come ?? Maybe I'll Stop and get a Bubble Tea .. Sounds good . I guess I'll see in about an hour . 
Thanks everyone for all the happy birthday wishes . So far not a bad day :) 
okay if anyone got a funny e-mail from me DO NOT OPEN IT . < PROPMALE>'s computer got a hacked and they sent a bunch of crap out in my e-mail .. What a bunch of crap 
One hour till < PROPMALE > !! 
So board ... la la la 
it's so freaking cold I was going to go downtown Plymouth walk round and shop but forget it . maybe I'll just go to gingers and get a hot honeydew milk tea .. Yum 
well off to get ready for the day if you need me give a a call . :) 
so excited I got the official conformation number for the time share in Vegas that was the last thing I was waiting for .. Everything is all set and I can't wait to go ... :) 
it's < PROPMALE > Time :) 
extreamly happy .. but on the down side . we have to move . if anyone knows someone who has a home to rent in novi or by novi let me know . 
it felt so good to sleep in today . Now I'm rested and refreshed . On to a day filled with a crap load of stuff to do and more cleaning and packing . I'll be so happy when this move is done . 
in one week i will be on a plane to Vegas .. 
vegas is great .. So much fun . 
finally I have some time to use my computer . It's been about a month since I have had a second to myself . First with the vacation and then with the move it's been crazy . I checked my E-mail and had 500+ e-mails . Ugh .. Anyways things are going good . The new place is nice but there is still a crap load of stuff to get done and put away . 
so back int he day I really wasn't into < PROPFEMALE > , but it was on t.v today so i decided to do a < PROPFEMALE > netflix-a-thon .. LOL not to bad .. Oh my god and I found one of my old Fav shows Roswell .. I love netflix 
tornado warning . 
and of course < PROPMALE > went to work today so he could be home friday .. Not to mention this means monday will be a shit day at work .. 
well they say it should be here in 2 mins lets hope it's not to bad . 
with every storm i just see my bouns going down the drain 
off work till Tuesday :) 
ok i really want to take a trip to great lakes crossing .. I miss the Sanrio Store .. 
off to take < PROPFIRST > the the vet for his 6 month check up .. This should be fun now that we live a half hour from the vet .. : ? 
ugh .. this is why i hate taking a day off i come back to work and nothing's done .. why cant people just do things right the first time for a change .. 
some days its a wonder i dont go bonkers .. i need a drink . 
2 more hours at work .. I can do this .... right ? 
why is it every time I cook I burn my hand .. 
Time to get ready for Friday Good Night Everyone . 
oh my god I have to see this movie vampires Suck LOL it looks so funny .. 
got up this morning and went to out apartments free continental breakfast .. which I fould out when i got there consists of a tray with 3 pre-packaged muffins on it and a canister of probably really crapy coffee . What a load of crap .. 
this has been the longest day .... Will this day ever end ? 
I love that I can watch the IT Crowd on tv now .. The Best Show Ever .. 
long day .. off to bed 
ok what a crap day .. I took my car into the shop and according to them they cant find anything wrong so got stuck in traffic on the way home and after that I get home and realize I forgot my keys at work . So I'm hanging out at starbucks for the next 2 hours . Blah 
sitting in starbucks not to bad .. 
um tonkatsu and a veg roll . 
one more hour then it's nap time .. 
well looks like it's going to be a nice weekend .. What to do , What to do ? 
\what does AFK mean ? \ " \ " Away From Computer\ " ... O I C . \ " What does that mean ? \ " Oh I see . LOL I love it " 
it's a nice day out .. I think I'll go do something .. What thats another thing 
dear netflix . Thank you for a great day of Lie To Me . :) 
I hate having my bood taken so not fun .. :( 
is no longer blond .. But I'm sure will have some moments . 
Time to watch some In Living Color .. :) 
looking forward to a relaxing weekend , Hopefully . I just have to get throught the next 7 hours ... 
umm . hot soup in my tummy :) 
i finally found my fav horror movie of all time . It was driving me crazy that I couldn't remember the name of it . So I'm off to watch the best horror movie ever Return of the Living Dead 2 .. So excited .. :) 
I think I'm the only person in the world that hates the Gonnies 
ok christmas list is in .. \ 
1 . a program for my computer that will copy all of my dvds . \ 
2 . all seasons on The IT Crowd . \ 
3 . All seasons of The Big Bang Theory . \ 
4 . All seasons of How I Met Your Mother . \ 
5 . all seasons of Bones . \ 
6 . all seasons of Chuck . \ 
Can you see where this is going .. LOL All good things that I would like but never buy myself . 
\come and knock on our door\ " ... Damn threes company song is stuck in my head .. Now it's stuck in yours ... ( evil Laugh ) HA HA HA " 
PLEASE\ 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)\ 
who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in\ 
case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy\ 
and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of\ 
people are sitting in the shower with fire extinguishers , and the\ 
remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this\ 
\ 
LOL I love this 
< PROPMALE > just went under the knife .. Should be here for about another 2 hours . 
< PROPMALE > just got done .. it's still going to be about an hour in recovery .. 
seen the Dr. everything is good . hopefully home in about an hour 
Warning ! Women in general only yield short term returns . They are not a suitable vehicle for long term investments . Also in my experience very low drop rate . All I can say is have fun grinding .. LOL I love this show 
happy birthday to all today :) I have so many I thought I would just do a wall post . Have a great day . 
I'm disabled ... leg disabled LOL 
lol everythings funny with this show ... LOL 
I want < PROPFIRST>'s T-shirt with Meh . on it LOL 
I'm Soooo Tired ..... 
so .. Lots of snow and < PROPFEMALE > = A day off . Probably more than one . :) 
thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes . :) 
off till next Wednesday .. I guess time to pack . Blah . 
1 more hour on my DVR and it's clear . one more step complete for the move . 
Love my new IPAD so much fun 
