and there goes another finals .... 

Is trying to figure out how to let someone know how I really feel ... 
* shakes head * McNair , McNair 
You ever wonder why some peoplpe don't have Facebook pages . Then you look around at the people they know on Facebook and you find the question answered . 
Sometimes your biggest battles are with yourself ... 
Take it slow , mange time , breath , have a life ... all things I can't do ! 
So , I think he's gorgeous I don't understand why the rest really matters ... 
Reading a wonderful book called Fundamentals of Physics ... what joy 
... 
And the Lord did help them . 25-16 win over Valley . Congrats to everyone who particpated in the Mr. Phenominal Blue and Mr. Romance pageants . Much love to S.C.E.N.E. 60 and MADDRAMA on an amazing week . To everyone I know on the Thurgood trip I expect you to come back with at least one job offer if not three . And for everything I forgot to mention charge it to my head not my heart . 
You never realized how attached you have become to a place and the people their until you're gone . JSU has become more than a home away from home it's my other family . Everyone be safe as you travel over the holiday . Enjoy your family and lots of turkey , duck , ham or whatever your family cooks then hurry back to JSU !!! See everyone in a few . ( And please text I'm bored silly . ) 
There was a time when all I had ws future ... 
How is it that I don't have a single picture of myself in a suit !?!?! I really need someone to tag a picture of me in a suit ... 
Chillin with the family ... it's been a long time since I been a house were everyone is sleep before ten but I kinda like the quiet ... 
Lord I love my Tigers but they know how to make me sweat ... Go Tigers !!! 53-52 win over Pairie View ... 
Committed to change ... 
I am thankful for all of the things I have been blessed with . I love my family , regardless of what may come we are always family . I am thankful for my friends because they gave me the strength and courage needed when I was to weak . O o-o p to my 55 sisters . Nothing but love for the 56 E.M.E.R.G.E.N.C.Y.C.C. and the 47 S.I.L.I.E.N.C.E.S.C.C. I love my DST , O o-o p !!!! 
So it seems most people are surprised by the two lastest changes in my life . What can I saw I enjoy the element of surprise ... 
Congratulations to Mr. Nehemiah Suggs and < PROPFIRST > Hubbard-Suggs ! My new sister ! 
Learning to live , love and be thankful for all I have been blessed with . 
Thank you thank you for all the birthday wishes ! Shout out to HDIC , and my Check Back Chianti Woodfork ! Its our Birthday !!!! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes . Special Thanks to my three big sisters ( miss you guys ) my linesisters , the 47 , my brothers and newest sister < PROPFIRST > Suggs , my bestie for that crazy rap , my mentors , and Mr. < PROPMALE > Fisher ... Thank you guys for making my birthday amazing cant wait to do it all again next year !!! 
This is ain't working ... its time to try something else ... 
Being reminded to remember I'm blessed . After I talked to some family I realized my worries and problems are so few and so minor . I thank God for all he has done for me and continues to do . 
AND 5 4 3 ... School has kicked off with a blast ... Now only to stay focused and on top of my schedule ... sigh 
Thank you all for the love ! It means more than you know !!!! 
I like it on the seat , on the counter , on the door , but most of all I like it on the floor ... 
My phone is not working properly so I am not ignoring you ... 
Reclaiming Civility http://www.theroot.com/views/reclaiming-civility 
Come out and let JSU administration address your issues When : Now ! Where : New Union 3rd Floor #StandUpForStudentLife 
Wondering who has photos of me from middle and high school ... hmmm 
7787 You remind me to be and where my priorities should be . i can't imagine a time when you not my boy . 
808 Life without you has not been the same . You are real always and I love it . Come back soon . 
40 You are unique never change that . Continue to make the world shut up and take notice . You have been a rock throughout this last years for me thanks boo ! 
2013 You have the potential to be so much . don't get caught up in the hear and now . Regardless of what others are doing always do what you know you should . The world is yours take it . 
1927 You are a song bird . Let your voice speak for you and the world will be quite and take notice . 
2631 Hey first ! I haven't spoken to you in years ! You were always very committed to being yourself back in the day I hope that hasn't changed . 
1914 first really just really . Second you are all I could ask for in a friend . You noisy and loud but I love it . You keep me up on all I need to know . You have definitely been a key part of my success at JSU 
25 first Missed you ! Second You are my sister from another mother time and space . You are inspiration for me . You are strong and beautiful . No matter what the world sends your way you always manage to keep your head up . 
3 Oh my now you know this little box is not big enough for all I have to say about you . You are amazing resilent brillant and my rock ! You keep my feet planted and know me better than I do . I love you !!! 
#20XII My boy ! You are always there for me . I can call you on the shortest notice and you always watch out for me ! thank you ! 
708 We have seen each other through many men and may see each other through a few more . A true friend and confidant . 
9812 Over the years we have become distant and I don't know why . I still remember University Success and the foolishness we pulled in there . You are a truly unique individual . Don't let anyone change you . 
9 My friend ... so much I could say but only one thing I will . Don't let true love slip away ... she's right there just grab her ... don't let the haters and chicken heads convince you otherwise . 
When you become blinded by your need for fifteen minutes fame you hurt more than you help . To be considered a true leader you should put your followers first ... you have failed . 
Your decision are who you are now and forever more . Make choices that will make your world take notice . For what is the world but a bunch of decisions that of bunch of you made . Live for the world ... which is you ... 
My soror's mother is missing . She is in my profile picture- < PROPFEMALE > Wright . 58 years old last seen in Tunica , MS . Please help . TaTa we love you so much & we are praying for her safe return . Please keep my soror , her mom , & family in your prayers . Thank you 
R . I . P 
Ready for the New Year ! There are so many challenges ahead and I'm ready to take them on ! Wishing every one a safe and Happy New Year and weekend ! This year be the you , you want to be not the you someone tells you to be ! Doing this will feel your life with joy and make even the heaviest loads seem lighter ! READY , SET , GET TO IT ! 
SGA Meeting Today in the Student Center @4 . 
First full week of school . Let's get it !!! 
Watching State of the Union Address , charging my phone and doing homework . 
The < PROPFEMALE > Pi Chapter of < PROPFEMALE > Sigma Theta Sorority , Inc . will be hosting a Devastating Coin Drive this week at < PROPMALE > State University in the New Student Center ( at the booth ) from 12-2pm . All proceeds will go towards a scholarship for a local high school senior . USE YOUR SPARE CHANGE TO HELP MAKE A DIFFERENCE IN SOMEONES LIFE :-) 
I have so much that I should be thanking God for providing me with . Most importantly my family my friends and my health . Whatever may come my way with these things and the grace of God I know all will be alright . 
All in all I must say I'm pleased . Top five in all the races and how many people can say they built and raced a concrete canoe ! Nerds have the most fun ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > Pi Chapter of DST will be hosting an exclusive screening of Madea's Big Happy Family , Friday April 8th @ 7:00 PM in the < PROPFEMALE > E . McCoy Auditorium ! Free food and fun for everyone - see \Madea's Big Happy Family\ " for free before it hits theatres ! See you there !! " 
Okay so I'm slipping been so focused on getting school back on track I haven't talked to my family in weeks . Haven't talked to some people in months and I said I was gonna do better this year ... smh some habits are just hard to change ... 
So I gave up Sweets for forty days ( Lent ) and its left me feeling great . So my next challenge is to remove I , me and myself from my vocabulary for forty days . If I can work on reaching out and using my resources I might just get this right . 
So another school year has come and gone . I'm not were I expected to be but I'm still here and I'm still standing and that's all I need . 
Happy Memorial Day ! Thank you to all who serve . R.I.P < PROPFEMALE > Rosser 
Phone is temporarily out of commission if you need me hit me up here or on Twitter . 
Laughing and shaking my head ... 
A real woman always keeps her house clean and organized , the laundry basket is always empty . She's always well dressed , hair done . She never swears , behaves gracefully in all situations and all circumstances . She has more than enough < PROPFEMALE > to take care of her family , always has a smile on her lips and a kind word for everyone . Post this as your status if you , too , have just realized that you might be a man . 
Thought this was a hoot ... 
I'm really sad to see summer come to an end . I think of all the things I wish I'd done and all the things I've yet to do . At the very least I learned a lot and like to think I'm a little better than I was at the start . Thank you to everyone who shared this summer with me you taught me many things and I can't wait to see how they change my world . 
Who is < PROPMALE > Cain !?! 
I'm 8 weeks and craving M&M's ... what a strange sensation .... 
Um ... 
Hermain Cain , What's an Allegation/Fact ? Allegation : This is a racial issue . Fact : Two former female employees brought a case against Cain . Fat : This case was about sexual harassment . Fact : Cain settled . Fact : the women are being forced into silence by a confidentially agreement signed in the settlement . Understand the difference between an allegation and a fact now ? 
The day has come VOTE as if your life depended on it because it does !!! 
BORED !!!! 
