Wow . I had no idea that COF dropped so much . Colorado was already one of the lowest states for funding higher education . I wouldn't be surprised now if it IS the lowest . 

Just gotta put your mind to it . 
Hoping that I'm not making a mistake by going to Boulder . I'm starting to wonder if going the nursing route would have been more practical . 
Has read through the last two < PROPMALE > Potter books again , and is content to watch the movie now . Woot ! 
We got a Wii ! I'm playing < PROPMALE > Potter , and it sooths my inner nerd . 
a love/hate relationship with school makes things complicated ... 
had a bad dream :( 
things will get into gear soon ... can't wait to get out of this funk . Summer has been a bust . 
Moving into the dorm tomorrow . Wish I could see the meteor shower tonight . 
HOT and bored . Nothing to do with no car and nobody on campus . Thank goodness for cable in the dorm ! 
The madness is about to begin ! 
sticking my head out of my shell , hoping it doesn't get cut off 
cool quote in my religion textbook : \ [ some believe ] science too is an imaginitive interpretation of the world based on faith ; faith in the intelligibility of the world \"" 
It's a small world 
Anatomy lab has my brain hurting 
It's perfect outside , I finished a decent paper and I understood physics . It's a good day :) 
anatomy lab practical = weekend full of all nighters 
Get to work with the cadaver for the first time today ! Should be interesting . 
My sleep cycle is topsy-turvy . I've been staying up all night and have been more awake at 4AM the last couple weeks than I am in the afternoon . Due to procastination ? yes ... that , and not being able to concentrate before 10pm doesn't help either . Gotta get better habits . Suggestions anyone ? 
Touched the cadaver today ... it was cold . Excited about the choices I get to make in the next few years regarding my future . 
ugh I don't wanna ! 
Rockstar = my new best friend 
I have a feeling this Lab Practical isn't going to go well ... studying my ass off but I don't think it's good enough 
Half way through the semester ! And the movie Paranormal is awesome . First scary movie where I actually got scared ! 
Is , unfortunately , becoming dependent on caffeine . Told myself I would never drink coffee , but alas , it's unavoidable . Bleh x_x 
Who kicks ass at Anatomy ? I kick ass at anatomy !!!!!!! 
Feels pessimistic 
Having a hard time studying on a Saturday night . Can't seem to stay awake ? Ugh , SO much to do before Fall break , and I get to spend that writing my research paper at work . Yippie ! o_O 
I should have paid more attention during lab . That didn't go well 
I feel like my < PROPFEMALE > is way too sensitive . Getting back at me for taking a night off from homework after 2 tests in a row ? Really ? Most other people don't get bad < PROPFEMALE > for that . :-( 
Just need to make it through Thursday ! 
Go brain go ! 
2 more weeks and then finals ! Now if only I can get my brain to restart after being lazy all week ... 
I will be completly honest for 24 hours ( until midnight tomorrow ) you can ask me one question ( only in my inbox ) Any question no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . I WILL answer no matter what . You have my full honesty , but I DARE you to put this as your status and see what kinda questions you get .. 
9 news is incorrectly ( I hope ) reporting a current temperature of -75 degrees . If I were outside right now , I bet I would believe it . 
Only finals left to go . Too bad I have one Saturday night . 
Woke up late today , so I'm studying at super speed and I'm wiiiiired 
One final left . Now if only it wasn't Physics ... 
Time to get my sleep on ! 
The laziness of break has fogged up my brain ! 
I start volunteering tomorrow ! Nervous and excited about it . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > :-( 
To believe with certainty we must begin by doubting . 
This week is just crawling along ... 
My physiology professor is going to drive me crazy . 
This semester has made me lazy . Classes are boring and only half of them have graded homework . I'm finding that it's harder for me to pace myself than I thought . 
Weekends are way too short ! Thank goodness I'm making myself a long weekend next week :) 
There are days when I worry about my generation . 
I'm worried that I won't live up to the expectations and goals that I have for myself . Will all of the extra school and waiting really be worth it , or will it tear me down ? 
Rockin out to Jesus Christ Superstar ! 
Don't get me wrong , having late classes this semester has been awesome . But this whole staying-up-until-5am-just-because-I-know-I-can-pull-it-off thing has become a little ridiculous . 
5 more weeks ! Bring it ! 
I have been completely unproductive the last 2 days . Back from Spring Break + nice weather = no focus . 
It's going to be an insane 2 weeks ... 
Don't have as much to do this weekend as I thought . Stuck in Boulder and trying to kill time . 
Bored out of my mind ! 
1 week ! I am so ready to be done and get out of here ! 
Classes are done ! Just need to get into gear for my Physics and Physiology finals tomorrow and all the hard stuff is done ! ( Still have Psychology , but it's so easy it doesn't count ) . 
Finals on a Saturday should be a crime 
Summer is here !!! 
Did pretty well this last semester . All A's . ( Some where A- , but why spoil the fun ? ) 
Working my first overnight shift of the Summer . It's gonna be a long one ! I work 8 hours tonight and then right after I have 8 hours of training . I'll be tired driving home lol . 
Backstreet Boys concert on June 22nd ! Who knew ?? Drove past the sign on 36 and had to check it out . Who wants to be old school with me and go ? We can pretend that we're 10 years old again . Anyone ??? 
Bought my first pair of scrubs ! :D 
Wow , that was a really powerful dream . 
Haha , going to bed at noon to sleep the rest of the day so I can work through the night ! It's a little disorienting , but I'm just glad that I have a job this Summer . Goodnight :P 
So many possibilities to prepare for so I'm not stuck after graduation in a couple of years ... 
busy busy < PROPFEMALE > 
AC is broken again . So ... hot ...! 
Had first day of clinicals for my CNA class today . Now I'm working . AC got fixed , but at the expense of what little time I had to sleep . Needless to say I'm tired and my energy drink won't last the night . Starbucks anyone ? 
Just get through the next few days and then sleep here I come ! 
Summer makes me feel like such a bum . There's all these commercials to start a career college that air on TV during the day and I have to keep reminding myslef that I AM in college . I gues that means I'm ready for school to start ... ugh 
Oh , chaos that is the school year , how I've missed you . 
I'm officially a CNA ! 
Other than spraining my foot walking to class , today wasn't too bad . Interesting start to the year ... 
Is anybody else having a problem with their phone randomly shutting off ? My alarm not going off made me late for work this morning :-( 
When I go to my moms and my cat falls asleep in my lap I always doze off too . I miss my kitties . 
Wow , I feel like I'm really busy between school , working overnight 3 nights a week and volunteering . I thought I would try to look for a second job as a CNA but I'm afraid I'll burn out if I work weekends all the time . < PROPMALE > kudos to those who go to school working full time and/or have kids . I don't know if I could do that . 
Hm ... some food for thought . If I drop my History minor ( 4 classes left to finish it ) I could graduate a semester early . Anybody have some advice ? 
And the midterm craze begins ! 3 weeks with tests , one week off . Wash and repeat until finals . Feeling the pressure ... 
What do you mean that the last two days were the weekend ?!?! I never noticed between studying and working . Oh well . Next weekend will be better . 
Shoot . I didn't leave enough time to study for my History test tomorrow . I got lured in by the false sense that because it's the end of the week that I can mess around . Oh well , gotta get to it . 
Interesting moment of the day : got complimented on my hair by a gay guy . Why this is awesome : Compliment from gay > compliment from girl . :D 
To whoever looks over my shoulder , thank you . 
Whoah ... the enrollment date I was given to register for classes made me realize that next semester I'll * technically * be a senior in college . My mind just exploded a little bit . 
I won't be able to catch the meteor shower this year ! :( The next two nights I need to study and the last one I'll be working . Maybe next time ... 
Have I finally figured it out ? 
I always tell myself that I will be productive on Fridays , but I never am . 
I gotta break through this mid-semester focus problem ... one thing at a time . 
I can't wait for this semester to be over . 
I wish I could stop being such a worry wart and just chill , but I'm afraid that if I don't figure things out now , in the future I'll think \If only I had done that I could be where I want to be \"." 
Snow !! Pro : I now have an excuse to drink hot chocolate in the morning . Con : the commute . I live 30 < PROPFEMALE > away from school on a good day ... can't imagine what it'll be like with bad weather 
Ok ... get through these two tests , get through my 2 papers totaling 19 pgs that I have to write over break ( hey , I'm a science < PROPMALE > . Not exactly my forte , ok ? ) and then my finals ( one of them on a Saturday ... AGAIN ) . And then I'm done . When this semester ends , I will be HAPPY . 
To be productive or to not be productive , that is the question . 
I can either park where I get a ticket or where I risk getting towed . I could park at a meter but that also has a time limit . I'm only working for a few hours . Seriously Boulder , give me a break . 
Almost done ... but so much to do before it's over . 18 days and counting . 
I'm having the hardest time getting my butt in gear to write this paper . On a side note , which of these two classes should I take ? ( They're both offered at the same time so I have to pick one and they're both interesting to me ) Islam ... or Sleep Physiology ? 
Success !! 14 < PROPFEMALE > research paper is DONE . I'm so glad that ordeal is over . 
I'm officially a double < PROPMALE > !!!! 
I have a final on Saturday ... what ? Oh , I guess that means I have to focus and start studying . Ok brain , wake up ! Brain ... are you there ? Uh oh ... 
It's finally over !!! Looking forward to next semester . 
Crazy dream last night . Wrote it down so I wouldn't forget it . 
Stupid parking ticket :( 
Brrrrrr !!!! 
Academic identity crisis . Must have changed my mind a dozen times today . 
Wow the traffic in Boulder ( and < PROPMALE > ) is INSANE . It was a maze of stuck cars ... took me 2 hours to get home . Drive safe everyone ! 
Ugh , WTF is going on with my car ? I have to move in a few days ... couldn't you have waited a week to start this crap ? 
I didn't realize that having no internet at home for a week would be such a pain in the butt ... 
How is it that after drinking a cup coffee I'm still tired ? 
I used to be so sure about what I'm doing , now I feel like I have no idea . 
Ahhh ! What do I want to do ?? Graduate early or double < PROPMALE > ? I can't make up my mind !!!!!!! 
