A government big enough to give you everything you want is a government big enough to take from you everything you have , Gerald R . Ford 

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xJ7vyFnLvjw&feature=channel 
Ahhhh Finaly figured out how to hide all thoes stupid Applactions on FB !!! YAY !!! 
To all who wished me happy birthday . Thank you very much everyone ! I had a great weekend . Spent a lot of time with my lovely girl Friday and Saturday . Sunday I spent lots o time with my wonderful family . Couldn't have asked for a better time ! Thanks again ! 
\He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors . \ " \ 
\Facts are stubborn things ; and whatever may be our wishes 
Boy < PROPFEMALE > is one hurtin girly . Banged up knee , bruised tummy , and if I got in touch with my doogie howser , I would say she at least has bruised ribs . Though no signs of bruises on ribs area . \Yes I know those last two sentences counterdict each other . \ " She is in a lot of pain at times in/ around her chest/ribs . " 
No more pain , no more leukemia . I love you . 
Dr office's are Fun ! 
Yay a night of dear < PROPFIRST > and it's complicated . What is a Guy to do ? Thank goodness I have a fun phone . Lol 
Spring has sprung ......... in my ceilings ... little birdies chirping . lol . 
Thanks everyone for coming over to my place ! It was lots O fun ! :D 
I fart in your general direction , your mother was a hamster , and you're father smelt of eldenberrys ! 
Eye Dr. Fun times ! :) 
So , me and < PROPFEMALE > are camping and we left to go to the store and when we got back some crows got into 2 bags of chips , a box of cookies , and a bag of hamburger 
Buns , stupid birds , stupid humans for leaving it out . 
Goin shooting at Renton Fish and Game tomorrow morning . gonna be fun ! if someone wants to go with , let me know ! 
seafair ! YAY ! 
In a porta potty at seafair was a black thong and a package of string cheese . Are these two related ? lol 
I have found my purpose in life . To kill spiders for girls . Lol 5 in the last 4 days . Lol 
Me = 6 creepy crawlers = 0 
Going through all my crap getting ready for a yard sale . I am so tired of my room . I might sleep on the couch cause my bed is full of crap . Lol 
Yay ! Yard sale is going quite good ! 
Parents say some odd things sometime ! Lol 
It's always fun to be talking to someone for some time only to turn around and they are gone . Lol 
Rain rain go away never come back is what I say . 
Is kinda sad .. putting my trumpet up for sale . At garage sale part 2 . 
< PROPFEMALE > is mattnaping me and taking me somewhere secret . :) 
Mmmmm traffic , one hour from < PROPMALE > to bellview ugh . Lol another 20 < PROPMALE > to go . 
Winco is fun ! 
Ever wonder what time is best to go shopping at Walmart ? 5:30 am just me and two other non employees lol 
Grrr Grrr Grrr ! 
Oh fun fun , going scouting for a hunting spot . This time just north east of home . 
got my first ever hunting license and deer tag : D 
May all the hunters be safe and have fun , and should the < PROPMALE > to take the great < PROPMALE > , may they be accurate and may the animal pass swiftly and painless . 
I hate phone books . 
Ticket dismissed !!!! Wooohoooo ! Officer screwed up . 
Rumble .... rumble .... blurp ... blurp .... blurp ... rumble .... rumble .... my truck says it wants to come home tomorrow ! :D 
Ya , that's right ... I am making kaka ..... at 2 am lol 
I love her 
\Your son rip is on line toot\ " lol " 
Going to church to learn about love and relationships , \fun ! \ " Lol " 
I am bored . 
Never let mother's out of your site at stores . The minute you do she will be nowhere in sight . Then once they appear , they say \I've been right right here ! \"" 
Really needs to be a cash cab Seattle ! 
One movie down 4 to go . Lol 
Must be senior citizen day at the Edmonds theater . Lol lots of gray hair and smell of grandma . lol . 
Seattle traffic always seems to amaze me ! 
I want to say one more last thing I didn't mean to take up all your sweet time I'll give it right back to ya one of these days 
Sunday March 27th a day that I become a new man . Book of < PROPFIRST > 1:33 It will truly be a epic day . 
Every day is a glorious day with God's hand beside you . Time for me to rest so that tomorrow I will be fully ready to have God's work through me . 
