\THERE IS A FAIRYTALE FOR YOU HOPING YOUR DREAMS THEY WILL COME TRUE LIFE DOESN’T GIVE THE BEST SO FIND THE REST IN YOU \"- Neja " 

Bored 
I'm so bored this summer . we need to all get together again and have some fun so the summer does not seem so slow 
bored out of her mind 
Can't sleep 
tired from swim 
I love the songs \ And No Matches\ " and \ " Jump all over the world\ " check them out at youtube . " 
Going to get a hair cut tmr have any ideas of what i should get e-mail me or if you have my cell number txt me the ideas and yes < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and Akira i want your ideas if you guys are on ! 
Also comment on my drawings 
Wish time would go faster Ha that made me think of a song called \Time is Ticking\ " check it out . Ha Blond much " 
DOnt now what to do today the plans keep getting move that i even dont now whats going on . HA 
Hy if you like up beat music go on to YouTube and look up TehJukeBox he is a member of YouTube but he uploads the best music check him out . Note if you like anime he has great pictures and he gives you the links to find the pic . 
Had fun at rock climing !! 
MY body aches so much from rock climbing last night i just want to sleep but i have voice lessons at 3:15 and i have to get ready . 
Going to IE island tmr at some yyy resort . Hope people i now are their . If not ill probably be drawing the whole time . 
tired and is going to bed now but not so sure if i have swim practice tmr 
HAS soming one my mind and wish < PROPMALE > would get on so we could talk !!! < PROPMALE > get on !! 
SO tired from swim my shoulders are so stiff and sore and my arms feel like lead its amazing that i can type right now . 
BORED out of my mined !!!! their is nothing to do here on Oki and when their is something to do its no fun to do it with out anyone . But i cant do it cause all my friends ethier a . working b . lives on a different base c.is climbing roofs or d . is in the St 
swimming 
Their is a HUGE PREGNANT SPIDER in the front of are house and if it gets any bigger i am going to scream !!!!!! Imagin Its head about the size of my thumb or yours then it has this huge belly !!!!!!!! its SCARY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And it won't die with the bug 
Wondering when Becca's getting home . Its boring at home with out her . I have no one to talk to but < PROPFIRST > and Dog's can't talk back so that's no good . 
I have the song \ If You See Amy\ " Stuck in my head and thats not a good thing ! " 
Bored if any ones online chat with me please ! 
MAN !!! i been feeling tired all day its kinda weird . I'm get a lot of sleep . SO i don't now why i have been so tired lately . 
ME and Becca are watching T.V cause we have nothing to do in till 2:30 . 
GRRRRRR ! the twins did not come !!! They are so dead !! If you get on line you better e-mail me or becca why you didn't come !!! 
really tired but can't fall asleep . 
Watched all the Karate kid's movie last night and then this morning i watched \ P.S. i love you \"." 
Going to get highlights and lowlights on the 14th . Get two colors but im not saying what colors im getting . he he he let your imagination go wild . He he he . 
BORED out of my mind !!!!!!!!!!! what to do in till i go to Tokyo ! I have stuff to do after but that's not much help cause its after !! bored !!! wish everyone was back so all of us could < PROPFEMALE > out again ! 
going to the orthodontist appointment tmr 
Rereading 1/2 < PROPMALE > cause its such a good manga 
IM BaCK to OKI !!!! 
GAH i have a head ace and its because i don't have my < PROPFEMALE > Latte on bored !! quick to the nearest Starbucks !! 
in love with the song \Circus\ " :) " 
i tap the side of are sink and i look at my hand and i see a big red < PROPFIRST > . ha i guess I Bruise Easily . kinda funny that's also the title to a song that i like to listen to 
had fun cruise around plaza with the guys . 
Can't believe that school starts tmr . 
had fun to day note all 10Th graders that go to KUB . VOTE for me for Vice President 
Got all 50 signatures and turned it it now i need to get the Counselor , Administration signature and i also need to finish my speech . :) Vote for me for Vice President of The sophomore class . 
gah haveing troble writing my speech ! GRR i have it in my head but i can't type it 
Got some new music so my house is now a DJ Studio ! I <3 Music !!!!! 
Gland i have such wonderfull friends . i love them all with all my heart <3 
have a headache . but still have homework to do 
gah not having such a good day . 
gah so tried and felling not so good . 
Has a field trip tmr . and i can't wait <3 I also got a new song called \ Tin MAn\ " by Animal Kingdome its free on itunes right nowand i love it <3 " 
Every one needs to get \ Tin Man\ " by animal Kingdom I thick it rocks and its free right now on itunes ! <3<3 " 
going to babysit this weekend ... fun ... NOT !! 
im never drinking school milk ever again that stuff makes me sick now !!!! >_< 
going to bed now . alli if you get back on srry my sister loged me off . before i could respond to you last msg . 
HAD A great time last night . And today i can final play mt guitar hero 5 !!! SO happy !!! :) 
Just finshed watching \Australia\ " . I loved !!! " 
I feel good i got my dress tonight and now i only have one thing left to do . 
Going to have a interesting day tmr . Cause I'm going to Schwab for a field trip , then im going back home then going back to Schwab all in the same day but with my family . and ill be staying up their during the weekend . 
I feel so stupid right now .. 
had a great day today at school and i was the white female version of Zorro . :) 
Had a great day today . Hope i get in to Far East Drama this year . Pray for me please . :) 
tired and fells bad about what i did today :( . but tmr is a new day , so let what happened in the present turn into the past and let the future become the present . :) <3 
Had a great time last night , even thou a few mishaps happened but it was still a great dance :) 
Watching < PROPFIRST > ScissorHands . I love this movie <3<3 
tired and doesn't want to wake up ever again . Dreams are better then reality . T-T 
Got promoted today and had a good practice . SO today has been a good day :) 
I have pretty much all my lines down :) Now all in need to do is get the movement and accent down :) 
had a great time tonight can't wait for tmr :) I get to spend Halloween with all my friends 
Well can't wait for tonight :) HEHE I'm being a lonely vampire < PROPFEMALE > . What is everyone else dressing up as ? 
Well .. today wasn't how i thought i would be , turned out to be the exact opposite . :( 
found a new manga its called \Detective Academy Q\ " its the best manga if you love mysteries and manga . its really good . :) " 
life savor gummies are SO GOOD !!! And grr little annoying little sister grabbed my phone and randomly called people on halloween and today . if you were one of them I'm SORRY !! 
curious ... ( : If you are reading this , post a comment of the first memory you have of me or the one that pops in your head ( no need to keep it clean ) :) . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you will be surprised what people remember about you 
i thick for once i will go to bed early this year . grr now that i thick about it i have to PT tmr . GRRR i hate PT's 
Going to bed now , still upset i couldn't go to the conference . oh well hopefully their is another one i can go to . :) 
going outside now to play with little sister fun ... oh well its only going to be 30- 40 < PROPFEMALE > then im back on yay :) 
HAPPY DAY :) 
Watching Flushed Away right now with my little sister i love this movie its so funny :) and i can play Dancing with my self on guitar hero so that's a bonus hehe :) 
GAH my sister is so dead she locked me outside the house after she ran away while we were on are bike ride leaving me with her bike . grrrrr .... 
IS any one going to the lock-in Tmr at the < PROPMALE > libary ? i don't want to be the only one !!! its going to be fun , guys can come also !! 
well leaving for the lock in now hope its fun but if i am the only hight schooler theri i will be pissed 
back from the lock in . hahah i was the first one to fall asleep :) oh well now to go to play practice 
I <3 Americone Dream ! It is the best icecream EVER !! <3 
well going to play practice :) 
How cold my hands feel is how cold i feel on the inside 
Watching Lord of the Rings the fellow ship of the ring :) haven't watched this in a long 
I have a feeling that this is gooing to be a great week :) 
had a really fun time at DYD !! now MOI Concert tonight at Kadena high school a 6:30 ! EVERY ONE BE THEIR IT IS GOING TO BE GREAT !!!! 
Loves Moi's song \Roses and Kisses\ " i <3 this song . " 
IM so great full to have such great friends and that they love me for all my flaws and everything about me and i would like to say back to them i love you guys too , no matter what any one says you are special in my eyes and the lords eyes also and that you should not let any one else tell you different . You are Perfect in your own way and i love you guys no matter what :) 
IS any one going to the hospital for Thanksgiving ? i just found out i was going to eat their 4 thanksgiving i don't want to be alone so is anyone going ? 
Heading to chulalu then going to go to Kadena to see new < PROPFEMALE > hopefully its better then then twilight :) anyone else want to go ? 
well heading to YYY tmr hopefully someone i now is also going if not I'll be drawing the whole time . Any one have any idea what i should draw ? 
Back from YYY , really tired thou . Well getting ready for tmr , hopefully everyone has a good day . :) 
Had a great day today i hope every one else did . Hope's for a great day tmr also and i would like to remind everyone about the Kubasaki play that is this Thursday , Friday and Saturday and i hope every one comes out to see it . It will be great :) 
Gust got back form a GREAT WORK OUT !! i feel so refreshed and i feel like i could do anything ( just a figure of speech ) . Hopes to have a great day tmr and that every one else has a great day also . :) 
Got back from the play . Its was good . I have a headache now thou . i hope it goes away . 
HAd a great time last night it was Great :) And i also had a great morning it was fun :) Hope the rest of the day goes well . <3 
Well hope i make it through this week alive , I also hope everyone i can come to the Madrigal Dinner which is this Friday and Saturday . Its well be really good :) SO everyone that lives in oki should come . 
well heading to Karate :) can't wait hope that everyone had a great day today <3 
Well just got back from Madrigal Dinner practice AND Again i would like to advertise it that it is this Friday and Saturday , SO every one on OKI should come IT will be GREAT !!! 
Well had a great end of the day to a bad morning :) Well I hope everyone had a great day today . And if not i hope everyone nows that they are loved and that they are always special :) <3 
well tmr is the madrigal dinner and i hope everyone is coming it will be GREAT ! 
Planing to go Christmas shopping on Friday any one want to come . Ill be heading to American Village . 
Had a great time at American Village :) Well Tmr my dad is comeing back :) So thats good and then MOndayim heading to < PROPFIRST > KONG !!! Well ill see everyone next year ! <3 
Back from < PROPFIRST > Kong . It was fun but now i feel lonely i really want to see all my friends . 
Back from < PROPFIRST > Kong ; it was fun . but now that im back i feel lonely and i want to < PROPFEMALE > out with some specific people 
heading to the sushi go round in 10 < PROPFEMALE > to meet up with mrs. < PROPFEMALE > . 
My dad let me drive home from the gate :) It was fun and scary at the same time . 
Just relived how hard its going to be treated and to be like a lady while before i was just treated like one of the guys and i took most of the leads . :( 
Being alone is just a step in the jorney of life . You can't always be with someone , you have to go throught hard ships to get to the prize at the end of the road . 
Had a GREAT time last night :) haven't laughed that hard in years :) hope everybody else had a eventful night 
Finally done with Bio . Now ill be able to go ice skating tmr . YAY ... wait i haven't gone ice skating in a while ... i hope i can still do a Axel . OH well . :) 
Got back from ice-skating had a great time :) I wanted to skate some more but we had to leave . it was Fun thou :) :) Hope all of us can < PROPFEMALE > out and have fun like that again . 
got back from sushi go round it was good :) then went and bought a hat its cute :) 
Hate it when you suddenly get hyper then you have no one to talk to so you are all jittery then the feeling of being hyper is gone and you feel really sad for no reason . 
Okay did any one else feel that earthquake ? 
IF you could have one song sang to you by your loved one what would it be ? 
The cheshire cat smiles down on us tonight :) 
Has to much time on my hands . Has nothing to do like ever unless you count like 10 < PROPFEMALE > of HW and that's like all my class which i usually get done at school . Wish i did more , i could probably try out for soccer but debating if i should do the spring show hmm . Well people what do you think i should do spring show or Soccer ? 
is scared . 
HAPPY !!!!!!!!!! ICESKATING IS NOT CANCEL !!!!!!!!! HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY !!!! 
HAd a fun time iceskating , but for one thing . getting trpped falling over your babysister and now haveing to wear a brace on your knee . THAts SO MUCH FUN !! not !!!!!!!!! 
any one own \Backdraft \"?" 
watching \Pride and Prejudice\ " love this movie <3 " 
SUPER HAPPYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GOT A A+ on my Biology exam !!!! :) :) 
hehe walking down memory < PROPFIRST > . Its fun looking through your favorite's on youtube and listing to music that you haven't heard in forever . :) 
Had a great weekend :) So hopefully this is going to be a good week for me :) 
Tired but cant sleep which sucks ! :P 
is tired 
gah don't no whats up with me im been so tired gahhh not normal !! it is not normal for a teen to go to bed at 7pm its creepy im scaring myself . 
tired ... but last night was realy fun :) well hope today is a fun day . :) 
GAHH cant stop sneezing its getting annoying hope im not getting sick 
tired going to bed and its to early ...... weird ......... 
Being sick sucks , but talking to a old friend can brighten your day <3 :) 
Being sick SUCKS !! 
Almost all better now if this annoying cough would go away . 
IS really tired after soccer practice and running i don't now how long . So heading to bed now . Good Night OKI ! 
Really tired right now . 
Getting better at my punts :) really happy ! now if only i had some one to practice with on the weekends so i could get better on diving after the ball . 
BORED OUT OF MY MINED !!!! Someone save me ! 
Just got back from Round One and CoCo's with my family , and i got to say it was really fun :) 
Had a lot of fun today ! I fell great right now thanks to this morning :) hope i get to go again more often :) 
Sleepy !! well i got a game tmr , hope we do well :) 
Won are soccer game :) even thou i got to do one play ! gah and then the referee said it was out side the box which it was not it was so in the box . GAH !!!!!! oh well life goes on :) 
Watching Pokemon :) hehe going down memory < PROPFIRST > is really fun :) !!! <3 
listening to \Why should I Worry\ " :) love this song <3 From \ " Oliver and Company\ " :) " 
Never to early to jump start your Career :) 
OKAY !!!!! TMR were going to go against Kadena varsity soccer team . GAh !!!!! Wish us luck :) 
Okay we lost 0-5 . But i think we did pretty good going against varsity :) 
SUPER TIRED !!!!!!!!!!! 
At < PROPMALE > libray haveing fun :) 
Watching House :) love this show 
Had a GREAT time tonight it was AWESOME !!!!! :) <3 
My new soccer stuff just came in YAY ! 
Had SO MUCH FUN tonight !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Wish we could ALL stay together for EVER !!!! 
Cant wait for TMR !!!! :) 
So far spring break is not as great as it should be hope it gets better . 
Well heading up to Shwab , Oh what fun is it to head to a single < PROPFEMALE > base ..... NOT ! 
Has nothing to do tmr . Any one got any ideas ? 
Got my new hair cut :) 
Got a head ache wish it would go away !!!!!! 
Mentally , physically and emotional beaten by Jarom today . :P 
GAHHH !! my ankle has a kiwi size bump on it !!!! gah i cant have this !!!! it must go away !!! 
oh , dancing with myself oh , dancing with myself Well there's nothing to lose And there's nothing to prove And I'm dancing with myself 
Looked my name up on urbandictonary.com and its < PROPFEMALE > cool ! :) look you name up and see what you get . 
Hope i get picked for the Far East Performing Arts . 
Made Far East !!!!! <3 HAPPY DAY !!!! 
Pasta makes me sleepy !!!!!! 
thinking of doing some thing that is totally legal but all my friends wound kill me for doing .. hmmmm . wondering ... hmm .. 
Watching Beauty and the Beast right now my fav . disney < PROPFEMALE > movie . 
Each morning I get up I die a little\ 
Can barely stand on my feet\ 
Take a look in the mirror and cry \ 
Lord what you're doing to me \ 
I have spent all my years in believing you \ 
But I just can't get no relief , Lord ! \ 
Somebody , somebody \ 
Can anybody find me somebody to love ? - 
Life is like a base ball game the pitcher can give you a fast ball or a curve ball it all depends on when you hit it . 
Feeling spontaneous . 
Life is like a jig saw puzzle once you think you have all the pieces then you notice you're missing a piece . 
If i could have any pokemon in the world it would be Lugia . What about you guys ? 
Someone call the doctor \ 
Got a case of a love bipolar\ 
Stuck on a rollercoaster \ 
Can't get off this ride 
Well in Korea right now with micky for far east , right now it seems that i will be living on bread this week 
Heading to the dance now with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Wester 
Well back from Korea if any one was wondering . Hope every one had a good week . 
cleaning my room . who new so much stuff you could cram in such a small space 
still cleaning my room ... WOW who knew that it would take 2 days to clean such a small room 
Hope I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with friends tmr . :) 
Well my plains just went down the drain with the rain 
WOW this school year has gone by fast 
\I would fly to the < PROPFEMALE > and back if you be ... \ 
\And when the rain begins to fall you'll ride my rainbow in the sky\ 
\I was once \ 
\Will there be someone to hold\ 
Well heading out in the rain , hopefully i get their in time ! 
\Never let this feeling go and let the music take control . \ 
\I used to feel blue\ 
\Like a river\ 
\Oh 
\Anima libera 
Getting ready for Work . really Nervous :S 
I now have a fear of spiders :( 
Life is good :) 
I now can some what do a flip :) :) 
well had a fun nigh and cant wait for tmr so i can practice my flips :) 
Grrr i have a head ach :( 
well its another day . 
going snorkeling at the beach today after work :) 
Turning 16 in 10 days cant wait !!!!! :) <3 :) 
Well my sister has broken my finger :( 
\Every one seems to be moving forward 
Found a cool new song and its not techno its called \Du Hast\ " its < PROPMALE > :) " 
Had the BEST DAY EVER !!! :) 
Well in 4 weeks im going to be getting on a plane and leaving this island forever :( 
Had a FUN day !!! :) well mow im tired thanks you guys \twins\ " for making me tired now :P cant wait for tmr :) " 
\Some times I eat my dessert before my dinner\ " ;P " 
\Where i can run as fast as i can\ 
i need peoples IM so if you have one can i have it please :) 
KK so im leaving in like 23 days and i want to < PROPFEMALE > out with everyone so if you want to < PROPFEMALE > just call/im/msg or just drop by my house :) before i leave 
when one is bored , it is a good idea to just sit down and reread a book :P \ 
like 1/2 < PROPMALE > :) 
well heading out now to see a movie 
when things seem to be going right some one you least expect will come and destroy everything 
well i only have three days left on plaza .... i hope i get to < PROPFEMALE > out with everyone soon ..... 
well just found out that the dog that i grew up with got put down on Tuesday :( :( 
\You have opened my eyes\ 
\You are my heaven on earth\ 
\D'you breathe the name\ 
Well Im leaving Oki today at 11 :( SO good bye everyone on OKI !!!!!! 
So got my new phone and I can go online :) 
Been Really busy day today got enrolled in school . fun : I . Wish I could < PROPFEMALE > out with everyone :( 
I miss OKI ! Its too busy in the states :( 
Well heading out to shop 
Still loves disney especial when the dimond editon beauty and the best is coming out :) got it pre paid . Favorite disney < PROPFEMALE > movie :) 
Here's something funny are furnture got here faster then are express shipment XP 
At the wolf trap theater seeing the Sound of Music can't wait :) its really crowed thou hope I don't get lost in the crowed 
On the metro now hesding home from rockville :) 
No no no no no thts all I hear no no and no I want some yes ! 
Gahhh I don't want to go to school today !! 
Well got through the first day of school okay really miss haveing people to talk to that are right next to me not a 45 < PROPFEMALE > drive or 15 hour flight away :( 
Stuck in PE . Have nothing to do bored out of my mine . some one send me a msg please 
Well doing AP homework . Its actually easy but i now it will get harder ! :P 
don't really want to go to school i keep getting called the b word by some chik that i don't even now and its all because i was so nervous on the first day of school and i didn't say bye to her :( :( :( 
Got dragged to a football game by my parents :P really don't want to be here but at least were wining the game 
Welll hopefully I meade some friends today so I won't be lonly anymore at lunch :) 
Well going to school tmr wish me luck with my new schedule ( I now my spelling sucks :P ) 
tired so going to bed now but going to wake up early to fix homework :P 
Can't go to sleep stupid head ache . :( 
i hate getting sick :P 
Is starting to put together the piece of her life :) 
well im tired and my teeth hurt :P and im sick how could one feel even worse 
Loves Netflix !! 
I MISS BASE HOUSING !!! I miss having hot water ready at your disposal and it not turning cold . Civilian housing pluming sucks :P 
You now somethings wrong when finding out your favorite manga finally uploaded another chapter and thats been the only smile on your face for the past 6 weeks :( 
well found a radio station online that plays music i like to listen to so yah : l thats going to be my life for now . 
Well heading to < PROPMALE > Corner to go shoping 
Is wishing that she had all her friends her in < PROPFEMALE > right now 
rather do any thing else then go to school tmr . REALLY DISLIKE THAT PLACE ! 
Sleep is so far the only peace on earth 
well life is getting better just wish every one from oki was here :( Hope you guys are having fun :) 
thinking of joining the circus ;) 
Is sleepy but can't sleep :P . 
Found a really good sushi place here in < PROPFEMALE > its called ichiban :) I realy miss oki right now :( hope everyone is having a good time :) 
If i could choose one song i wish that was true for me it would be Teenage Dream by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I miss having my friends to keep me through the day but im still a live so i plan to do something about seeing every one again :) :) Miss you guys !!! 
So im reading this manga and the main character just found out she was pregnant and they just end it their !!!!!!! i wanted to now what the kid looked like GAHHH !!! some times i hate manga's :P but i still love them :) 
TO ALL MY MANGA LOVING FRIENDS IF YOU READ BLEACH I have found a HILARIOUS one shot of bleach if you would like the link msg me ITS FUNNY ! 
CANT SLEEP !!!! 
IT IS FREEZING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
School is boring :P 
I want to eat a spoon full of Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough !!!!! 
Had probably one of the best times of her life tonight :) 
Spongebob 
Tired cold and hungry ( well not hungry ) just really really cold when I pick my colleges I know I'm going some place warm and doesn't get frezzing :P 
My phone is being stupid 
bored 
Had the strangest dream last night and I mean STRANGE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I LOVE < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ADVENTURES !!!! especially Uncle :) 
I don't know where I'm going but i hope its with you ;) 
SO ive been thinking of what im going to do when i get older and so i decided im going to study aromatherapy and also learn how to cut hair and such :) wish me luck ;) 
Account got hacked X( !! by a 6 year old that understands technology now . note to self dont leave computer left open on face book !!! 
So i have fished a total of 3 series today . if you were to count all the pages it would add up to 6150 pages give of take some more :P i guss im a fast reader :P 
BORED ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Haha I now have new tools to tourcher my parents with :) they got me a Ihome so now I can blare my ipod hahahah :) 
BORED !!!!!!!!!!!! stuck in a house full of children under the age of 10 :P gah i feel old 
My brain hurts :P 
Forget the gym just go on youtube find some techno tunes and then dance to your heart out NOW THAT is the way people should work out :) 
\There is no true peace \"" 
Stuck on a metro heading to the medical center :P bored glad I have my ipod :) rocking to BIGBANG and 21 :) 
some times < PROPFEMALE>'s are a girls best friend ;) 
Can't wait for tonight :) a year closer intil the end ;) hope every one has a great new years :) 
I do not want to got to school ! 
At school and I . Am bored and tired 
Sometimes I'm not okay and it feels like my shadow is the only on that walks beside me but you take my hand tonight and take me higher to a place were i belong . 
I just woke up after an emergency appendectomy . Feeling much better then I did when I woke up with the pain at 1 in morning yesterday . 
I cant sleep :( 
Got a edible arrangement :) due to my surgery :( but its really cool thank you :) I'm going to put pics up later :) 
Finally getting off of pain killers that make me feel funny AND talk funny yah life is good :) 
Can't go to sleep : ( gahh 
gah i cant go to the swim meet potluck GRRR :( 
I don't want to wake up but I am :( well off to school now 
Right now at a swimmeet I CAN'T swim in , it sucks :( I wana swim ! 
FUN night :) happy days \ 
Now SLEEP ! :) 
At Outback right now :) yah Food :) 
didnt go to sleep last nigh it was weird i didnt even notice the time go by :P 
Well have a head ach for NO reason but what ever chilling with my glee music yes i like glee get over it :P 
\ That boy is bad\ 
I can swim in tmrs meet :) happy happy :) now to get ready for the potluck :) 
\Sometimes even the most out going girls get shy with a guy \"" 
\Ludwig Kakumei\ " a manga that turns a simple happy < PROPFEMALE > tale into a horror story " 
NO School !! :) 
BLACK OUT !!!!! Lucky I have a phone that can go online :) 
Hit shuffle on your ipod and you would be surprised on how many songs you have forgotten about . 
MY computer is being a butt head and not working right so i had to shut it down GRRRRRR ! hope its fixed now 
Wants to watch a movie with friends , anyone want to come over and < PROPFEMALE > ?!? txt me or msg if your coming 
Life is good :) especially when you have friends to share it with :) 
Best Invention EVER \Techno SWING\ " :) " 
Chilling at home waiting for my sushi 
So at the regional swim meet :) bored right now but it will get fun later :) ....... hopefully 
I HAVE A CAR !!! :) 
Your greatest enemy is yourself . 
Cant wait for this weekend :) but now A ALL NIGHTER !!!! :) 
Some times being the \good girl\ " gets a little boring :P " 
LOVES the new < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne song :) ! 
I know I shouldn't but i cant help it , it just happens :P 
School is out and I am getting out of here 
Some times life gets boring :P 
school is boring but what ever got to get throu it 
God is GOOD !!! 
I love the song \Stereo Love\ " cant get enough of that accordion ;) " 
Valentines day is around the corner , and i will say i dislike this holiday but some time i wish i could be the only girl in world for one guy . 
I have auditions tmr and im really nervous but , i will remain CALM ! :) wish me luck everyone ! 
At my auditon really nervious :s BUT I will not let it get the better of me ! 
Life sucks but oh well we got to deal with it :) 
so whats happening ? 
School is BORING !!!!! GAHHH why cant it be over with ! :-\\ 
Going to Katsucon :) :) 
I am now Stage Manager :) :) :) HAPPY HAPPY !!! 
\Where are we ? What the hell is going on ? \ 
yah so today was a REALLY GREAT day :) so much stuff happed today and it was so much fun :) 
Found my phone 
Yah so today is a happy day for me so don't RAIN ON MY PARADE !! 
Can wait for tmr :) 
my eyes hurt ! i dont like my contacts anymore !! 
LOVES MASH !!!! and im glad to now that everyone in oki is safe :) 
\We're sending out an invitation\ 
yah so i woke up at 4 today FOR no reason at all ! 
i really feel like bursting out in a musical number :P something along the line of mamma mia or Moulin Rouge :) <3 :) 
Can't wait for tmr :) 
\Someday love will find you\ 
today started off as a horrible day :( 
Today stated off horrible but it ended great :) !! thanks everyone ! even thou you guys don't think you did any thing but all you guys helped me out today at school ! :) AND NOW JAM OUT SESSION !! :) <3 :) 
\ANY WAY YOU WANT IT THATS THE WAY YOU NEED IT ANY WAY YOU WANT IT\ " \ 
Gee wht to do this weekend I don't have bye bye birde yah freedome ! oh wait I have chorus .... fun :P 
\Tell me when you feel ready\ 
In 10-30 < PROPFEMALE > heading up to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . They told me that the likely hood of any thing going wrong is slime , but i still , have doubts about that knowing my history :P wish me luck 
Procedure went great :) no complications no nothing but now i cant remember anything thats happen today hahaha :) 
In a happy mood today :) no reason why , but im in a happy mood today :) 
\Heres my heart 
Wishing that something would change 
Had SO much fun today ! :) hope things keep going like this ! :) I miss my usual Friday hangout time :( :) i hope it comes back <3 
I <3 the shuffle button on my IPod :) <3 
Take the Lead <3 
At a funeral :( today is a sad day 
:) in a GREAT mood :) 
