Happy new year , even though I'm like 12 minutes late lol . 

Quote of the new year : Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm . 
I play russian roulette everday , a man's sport , with a bullet called life . 
Yes I'm , let loose , from the noose , that's kept me hanging about . 
Well .. AVATAR was freaking amazing , but driving home in this snow from branson wasn't to nice O: 
This is gonna be harder than I thought D: 
How do you trace a scatter plot ? Give the pencil to < PROPFIRST > J . Fox . 
Possibly hanging with < PROPMALE > tomorrow :) . 
Been better :( Missing old times . 
Meh .. 
When somethings dark let me shed a little light on it When somethings cold let me put a little fire on it If somethings old I wanna put a bit of shine on it When somethings gone I wanna fight to get ? it back again ! 
They couldn't think of something to say the day you burst With all their lions and all their might and all their thirst They crowd your bedroom like some thoughts wearing thin Against the walls , against your rules , against your skin My beard grew down to 
I'm ready to whip some ass , lets go ! 
I'm tired of hearing peoples sob stories lmao , gtfo ... 
I'm glad I have my own gym in my basement . I'm getting pumped . 
'' Tell me how to win your ? heart For I haven't got a clue But let me start by saying ... I love you!'' 
4th hour pissed me off >.< 
We should start a convo , of wall posts ! 
You know what will make you feel better !!?? 
Hahaha , I probably just called her bluff xD 
It took me an hour , I would have guessed you would have been done by now . 
I don't think you know , what you've been missing . 
I'm really getting tired of people ... 
When I talk about it , It carries on , Reasons only knew , When I talk about it , Aries or treasons All renew 
I'm heading to school tomorrow .. I have alot of homework . 
He got hair down to his knee , Got to be a joker he just do what he please . 
In my mind I'm half blind My inner ref Is mostly deaf I'm smell impaired If you cared My sense of taste is wasted on the phosphorescent orange peels of San < PROPFIRST > axe-encrusted frenzy 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > Swayze . 
The only thing I'll ever ask of you , you gotta promise not to stop when I say when . 
I hope I didn't do anything . 
My neck muscles are starting to show , I think something is starting to pay off . 
When the < PROPFEMALE > hits your eye , like a big pizza pie , thats amore ! 
What song should be for tomorrow . 
Doin ' work . 
So , Friday will be bomb . 
I'm so glad to be home , I always hate that trip . 
Music today sucks , why can't it be like older times . 
I think I must be dreaming , because I'm afraid to wake up . 
My family recently got a new car , and my dad wanted to come up with a license plate for it . When I got home from school , I saw he had the plate , and it said \Dora\ " . The car is an explorer . I love my dad " 
Note to self : If you wan't to talk to people on Facebook , log on about 11:30 P.M. 
I'm ready for this short week ! 
Talking to this chick from Brazil O.O 
I'm still debating wether or not I should go tomorrow .. o.o 
They say the devil's water it ain't so sweet , you don't have to drink right now , but you can dip you're feet every once in a little while . 
Oh yeah , they say life goes on , long after the thrill of livin ' is gone . 
Today , I went to < PROPFEMALE>'s . My hamburger was round . I took it up to the manager , and demanded they make me a new hamburger with a square < PROPFEMALE > . They did . They also gave me a $100 gift card , apologized for their mistake , and hoped that I could overlook their mistake and come back in the future . I was only kidding when I asked for a new < PROPFEMALE > .... MLIA 
Today , I cut my finger on a band-aid box . The irony hurt more than the cut . 
Volleyball district champs ! woot woot , now lets make it state next ;] 
My gorilla costume is going to be awesome . 
I'm ready to get my groove on . :] 
The dance sucked ... 
11/10/09 will be a most epic day . :] 
I hope I can go back to school tomorrow :/ 
I can't get MW2 until Thurday , I'm very upset about this . 
I've got so much buzz I could probably sell a blank disk . :] 
Though I'm sexually straight , you're bound to find I'm mentally gay ' casue I blow you're mind . 
I need some excitement :/ 
Reallllly hates it when someone ignores you completely .. 
Road House .. 
Tomorrow will take us away , far from home , n o-o ne will ever know our names . 
Can't you see he's the man , let me hear you applaud , he is more than a man , he's a shiney < PROPFEMALE > god ! 
Fallen from grace cause I been away too long Leaving you behind with my lonesome song Now I'm lost in oblivion 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold . 
You don't really care about the trials of tomorrow , you'd rather lay awake in a bed full of sorrow . 
I don't want to talk to you no more , you empty headed animal food trough wiper . I fart in your general direction . Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries 
The < PROPFEMALE > will illuminate my room and soon Im consumed by my doom . Yeah , I said it . 
My flows ' so cold , I need a tampon from my Polar bear . 
I wish we would have had all of our finals Friday , so we could have the rest of the week off . O: 
I saw the funniest commercial today , everyone look up -SHAKE- It's a workout device .. 
There are no stupid questions , just stupid people . 
Everyone's got their chains to break , holding you . Were you born to resist ? Or be abused ? 
Get busy living , or get busy dying . 
Beauty is not in the face ; beauty is a light in the heart 
I'm cool , like the other side of the pillow . 
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm . 
Hear your fears , they're telling you to overcome them . 
Sometimes it's the smallest decisions that can change your life forever . 
I'm screwed , 2 nights of math homework , and as soon as I got home . I went completely blank on what to do .. 
Growing slightly tired of the same places and faces , I'm ready for a new change of pace . 
The greatest barrier to success is the fear of failure . 
Don't know if I'll make to it to school tomorrow either :[ 
Really hope we don't have school , but if we do I'ma be real cranky ! 
Haters shake my hand , but I keep the sanitizer on deck . 
Our greatest < PROPFEMALE > is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall . 
I gotta pump this jam ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and past this as your status .. THEN put the first entry for your name under comments :) 
This new layout is gay , and I don't wanna go to school .. 
Colts !? WHO DAT ! 
SAINTS WON IT O: 
You gave me something that I didn't have , but had no use . 
I swear I'll never give in , I refuse . 
Sorry for the spam that app sent , I told it not too :[ 
This is most excellent . 
Time to nut up or shut up . 
Are vegetarians allowed to eat animal crackers ? 
Why do we park on driveways , but drive on parkways ? 
Does a fish get cramps after eating ? 
I'm set to self destruct . 
One of these days you'll crack under the pressure of you're ego . :] 
P Diddy wakes up in the morning feeling like me . 
Can't wait for Spartacus . o.O 
I just love whenn people move into my house , and then take my bed . 
One love . 
I love lazy weekends :P 
My heart's in overdrive , and your behind the steering wheel ! 
Still looking for that excitement ... :] 
Success is the little spark that needs to be ignited , only you are the flame needed . 
MW2 MAP PACKS SON ! 
Can you feel the words crush you ? The way they should make you move , is unbelieveable . 
I laugh , I love , I hope , I try , I hurt , I need , I fear , I cry . And I know you do the same things too , So we're really not that different , me and you . 
It's the boss , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
That's how we do it , I'm gonna keep on goin ' for you , and you , and you . 
I'm not here to impress , just to be the best . 
Can't wait for the Gruesome Twosome concert ! xD 
The best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own . No apologies or excuses . No one to < PROPFEMALE > on , rely on , or blame . This gift is yours alone . 
Just made a Fan < PROPFEMALE > to crush those dreams of little girls ! mwuahahahah . (: well not really but it's funny :P 
Just promise me , you'll show the world you're smile , show ' em what you've done , open up your eyes , let ' em shine like the sun . :] 
Last name-Ever , first name-Greatest , like a sprained ankle boy , I ain't nothin ' to play with . 
My dad's in the hospital , I hope he's okay . :( 
So my dad is okay , but they think he may have cancer , :\\ Will know more monday . 
Today has not been my day . 
Tied up and twisted , and all of my mystics can't steal the grace that I hold . 
I was invited to attend a National youth leadership forum on Law and CSI this summer . :P 
So , how's it taste when I slap the taste out of your mouth with the bass so loud that it shakes the place . 
Tonight with her , was pretty much amazing :] 
Sorry for that mass invite everyone , was an accident : L 
I'm in the sky tonight , there I can keep by your side . 
Wednesday needs to hurry up and get here . 
Tonight was way better than last Wednesday ;] 
I wish I didn't have to leave her . 
Live life big , and dream hard . ;) 
Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true . 
At the concert , waiting for it to start :) 
That was the single best moment of my life . 
I believe in nothing but the beating of our hearts . 
Can't believe Dio died , sad sad times . R.I.P. 
Can't decide if I want to go to Arkansas and work tomorrow , or sit at home ..... hmmmm ? 
Runnin ' the game . 
The strongest people in the world are the ones who think they're weak 
I really HATE allergies ! :( 
Started off local , but thanks to all the haters I know G4 pilots on a first name basis . 
Can't wait for the 27th of next month , hopefully I get the job I want . :P 
The miracle is not to fly in the air , or to walk on the water , but to walk on the earth . 
Fixing to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > at the bonfire for the rest of the night :] 
I'm worse at what I do best , and for this gift I feel blessed , our little group has always been and always will until the end . 
Got me on the run , loaded up my gun , blowing up the spot , hiding cuz I'm hot . Fire is my friend , marking where I've been , committing ? every sin , I'd do it all again . 
Stay afloat , the key is hope . 
And in the end it’s not the years in your life that count . It’s the life in your years . 
Aim above morality . Be not simply good , be good for something . 
Once you choose hope , anything's possible . 
I'ma metaphor ! 
Had a gret night with < PROPFIRST > , everyday just keeps getting better :] 
So , where are all the \ 
\Save the Gulf\ " concerts ? Where are the TV benefits with celebrities\ 
Tonight's the night we'll make history\ 
< PROPFEMALE > , you and I\ 
And I'll take any risk to tie back the hands of time\ 
And stay with you here all night 
Come on tubesock , hit me ! 
Ha , the pirate language is legit . 
I need to get out of this house . 
Today isn't my day . 
Pretty sure I'm getting a haircut at the end of the month . Just don't know what I want yet . 
You've got this new head filled up with smoke , I've got my veins all tangled close to the jukebox bars you frequent , the safest place to hide . 
I wish that Tuesday would hurry up and get here :] 
Too alarming now to talk about , take your pictures down and shake it out . Truth or consequence , say it aloud . Use that evidence race it around . 
Cause it's 9 in the afternoon , your eyes are the size of the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Monday , hurry up please :) 
Going to pull my < PROPFIRST > home from Branson in a bit .. fun :P 
I'd like to see our roles reversed , \ 
to watch you < PROPFEMALE > on every word , \ 
I'd like to see you have your way . \ 
I keep my grammar well rehearsed , \ 
correct each stutter , every slur . 
Can't wait for tomorrow : Birthday , float trip with my dad , and then I get to spend the rest of the day with < PROPFIRST > . Couldn't ask for anything more :] 
Happy birthday Cuylar , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and myself :) 
Best birthday ever , hope eveyone elses day was good , and thanks for all the birthday wishes :) 
Taking my driving test tommorrow , wish me luck 
I passed :) 
I'm gonna fight ' em off , a seven nation army couldn't hold me back . 
Gonna spend the entire day with < PROPFIRST > , pretty happy :D 
I don't mean to toot my own horn , but I'm one of the coolest people ever :p 
Is really unhappy with my father , and there is a < PROPMALE > I won't talk to him for a very long time . 
Going to the movies with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow . So happy :D 
Just had the best 2 days with < PROPFIRST > , can't wait for tonights . 
I hope she is okay D: 
We are all inventors , each sailing out on a voyage of discovery , guided each by a private chart , of which there is no duplicate . The world is all gates , all opportunities . 
Looking for a vehicle on Craigslist . 
Spending tomorrow with my amazing girlfriend :) 
Ready for Saturday night with the guys , and Wedneday for < PROPFIRST > to come home :] 
I'm cooler than a polar bears toes . 
About 98.9 percent positive that I have a vehicle , about time ! 
It's not easy making a name for yourself , where do you draw the line ? I never thought I'd be in this far . 
I come from < PROPMALE > , ya'll can really hear it now . Hit ' em like comic books , kaboom powpow 
Slight < PROPMALE > my family might be moving to Oregon , I don't really wanna go . 
So\ 
who knows me best ? Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . Best friend . \ 
Nickname . Copy this to your status and see who really knows you 
I'm really tired with all these guys wanting something from my girl .. 
Why do people judge ? Most often the people you judge are the most worthy . 
I really really really really really wish that she wasn't switching schools D: 
School next week ... stupid (: 
Don't you see their bodies burning , desolate and full of yearning , dying of anticipation , choking from intoxication , 
I hate that getting our schedules , marks that we have one week left D: 
American History , Environmental Science , ACT prep , Eng III , Algebra II Business Comm , Spanish I . 
My glasses just broke ... 
I wish Taco < PROPFEMALE > had a peso menu .. 
< PROPFIRST > , answer the phone D: 
To luh-git , to legit to quit ! 
Last night of freedom , and I'm already tired :P 
Getting my haircut tonight . 
I look like an idiot .. 
Ready to see everybody :P 
Power without love is reckless and abusive , and love without power is sentimental and anemic . 
Misses my girl :P 
I be all day rollin ' in my whip got my sippin ' cup out on the low 
< PROPFIRST > crapped out , gotta ride the bus now :P 
. g ......... v . gggfggvvvvvvvvvgov ... p ?. p ? pm ... p . pppmpp ...?? wg v.v vvvv . gvv 
Was hoping to talk to my girl before bed , so much for that I hope to see her tomorrow ! 
Never leave home without your heart . 
I need something to do . 
I like being the cool kid and never going to the broiler fest . :P 
Anyone wanna give me some new music ? :P 
Don't wanna throw up my fist , don't wanna be like this , don't wanna throw up my fist , I must resist . 
Last exorcism , her I come 
My truck is undriveable ... 
Fixing to get prison buff .. 
Set Phasers To Stun 
What a way to go but have no fear , no one's getting out of here alive . 
I'm assuming no school because of the bus hitting the school ? lol 
So ... tired ... can't ... keep ..... eyes ... ope ................. 
Accidentally left my xbox on all night ... lol 
You must be the change you want to see in the world . 
I'm a deep sea diver with my fins and underneath your current I do swim , \ 
a baker's dozen pertty pearls and where I travel on my toes do curl . 
Climb the rungs to kingdom come , sour patch to acid tongue , are you opposed to having fun ? 
I don't understand why people can be inconsiderate , and compulsively lie . It gets you no where , and also aids in the loss of loved ones . Seriously , get a life . 
\That almost sounds as fun as getting raped by a Narwhal \"" 
I'd walk through hell for you , let it burn right through my shoes , these soles are useless without you (: 
I love spending my 6th month anniversary , without my girl .. 
< PROPMALE > , just get me a glass of MALK ! 
R.I.P. Skippy :( \ 
. 
It's T-Shirt timmmmmmmmmmeeeee ! 
Love and trust , in the space between what’s said and what’s heard in our life , can make all the difference in the world . 
Ate wayy to much , don't feel good XP 
I don't feel good at all :( 
Oh I know your pain . You , like , I plagued by the flies inside your brain . I'm creeping up your veins . Are you smart enough and small enough to play this game ? 
I'm skinny when I'm standing , but I'm ? buddha when I sit . 
Lost my mp3 player , this is worse than torture D: 
With courage you will dare to take risks , have the strength to be \ 
compassionate , and the wisdom to \ 
be humble . Courage is the foundation of integrity . 
I have a feeling of scaring the crap out of people this year :] 
“Knowledge is gained by learning ; trust by doubt ; skill by practice ; and love by love . \ " , 2010-10-29 01:12:28 " 
Autotune just makes everything better . 
rolling stones often cross paths . 
Welcome to the Thunder-dome . 
Detach from the situation , attack for the < PROPMALE > of liberation . 
* 
P 
p 
** 
pocket statuses sorry :P 
This is a story of a girl , who cried a river and drowned the whole world . 
I got 99 problems , but a snack ain't one . 
Let's get down to business , to defeat ... the Huns ! 
Things are shaping up to pretty odd . 
Lately , I've been living in my head , the rest of me is dead , I'm dying for truth . Make me believe no more left and right , come on take my side , I'm fighting for you . 
my belly hurts o.O 
So cold D: 
Nevermore . 
So tired , don't wanna work the game :P 
Fiction is the truth inside the lie . 
Needs to go outside , and do the hillbilly rain dance . :P 
Black Ops at 1 ? I think so ! 
The ones that make it complicated never get congratulated . 
Oh I hope they understand ,? that I really understand that they don't understand . 
I love unfriending people because this isn't Twitter , n o-o ne cares if your making a grilled cheese whilst your still on the pot , or anything else that ridiculous .. 
The people I met and the places I've been , all will make me the man I so proudly am but I wanna know one thing . When did I become a ghost ? - 
I'm in between the now and never , whether or not you believe in what we can achieve . 
School closed tomorrow ? 
Lets freak out . Lmao . 
So ... sick D: 
I do not like hairy butthole ... < PROPFIRST > and Roney decided that putting that would be a funny joke . 
How about a Dirty Bassline ! 
Sorry guys i love men these days 
I LOVE Xbox . 
You know who else is as gorgeous as Channing < PROPFEMALE > ? ME ! :D 
-I lie down in the dust just under your eye , a scrap of paper , thin as vapor . Filling my clothes like smoke , a couple of the wires in my heart are broke\ 
I throw , I miss , something , nothing . Dreams , schemes , moments wasted , taste that tasted , Fate I'm fated . Re-edited again then copy , pasted . - 
Green and yellow , green and yellow , green and yellow . 
Look at my horse , my horse is amazing ! 
Is the ACT still on for Hurley Saturday ? 
Lemonade , sweet lemonade . 
Let's promise me something , and then when you lie about it and someone else does what you promised to do , freak out about it ! :/ 
Numquam obliviscaris . 
Almost have my truck running , now if my mom would answer the phone so I could get my title it would be great . :| 
How long ? How long will I slide . Separate my side , I don't , I don't believe it's bad . 
COLLLLLAAAA TIME !!!! 
I JUST SAW < PROPFIRST > BIEBER ON CHATROULETTE ! OMG . 
Ahhh loddy uncle < PROPMALE > dah ! 
Tonight I lay in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself , where the heck is the ceiling ? 
Uh huh ! You know what it is ! 
Haircut today ? I think so . 
Just got muh hurr did . 
Love is really what's gonna save the world , if anything will .... And redeem everyone . Therefore it's always something worth singing about . 
The < PROPMALE > of innocence makes so much sense , but placed in the wrong hands , then it's wasted . Filtered through the eyes of a pure mind . A one of a kind paradise for you and I . 
The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love , and to let it come in . 
Hey , I got a new number . It's 988-8646 , it used to be < PROPFEMALE>'s but now it is mine , text me or give me your number . 
Grow up . Enough is enough , your not the same as you used to be and never will be again . Try and see through our eyes , through the pain and the strain of our hearts . Enough is enough . 
