I really don't want to take comp tomarrow but at least it means Im closer to coming home 

Finally Home on leave ! 
finally almost done with prototype and tomarrow is day last 
Going to the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > after I graduate 
has decided to relearn to play the piano . 
yes both board and an e5 exam on thrusday , just what i always wanted 
I passed my board . Im qualified for now ! 
Random road trip to florida success 
needs to pack and fill out paperwork but really doesnt want to 
It makes me feel good to know that I can pack what took the back of my dads suv into 4 boxes 
I am sick of packing but it just means that I am closer to coming home ! 
I will be heading home Tomarrow !! 
Guess what I am home people , anyone what to do something ? 
Finally fully checked in ! Now to figure out how to get onto the ship and qualify is task number 2 
I don't know why but ever since I started staying in huntington hall I have felt sick and tonight I finally started to spew . Things had better turn around quick 
Found an oyester place , now just need to find a barbeque joint to also become a regular at . 
Got a new security badge and a piss test hooya 
Gotta love people who fuck up my < PROPFEMALE > cause they shoot themselves in the foot 
Found a place that serves gator tail , but it is really hard to find places to eat here . Yet any turn I make I run into a shopping mall 
First day actually on the ship and I get duty tomarrow on a saturday and no qual standard so I can't even make progress just my luck 
Well first day of duty sucked yesterday and I can't seem to get it together today 
Didn't get points today , stuck on duty tomarrow . The remedy is to find a good barbaque joint and eat 
Hopes he doesn't get in trouble for not formally mustering cause he was relieved from watch later than everyone else 
excited for a 3 day weekend 
It must be nice to be a shipyard worker 
Just got through with golf and I think this is the first time i have actually browned since i was born 
All duty days suck but this one did so much more than normal lol 
Feeling good on a slow going sunday 
is going out tonight and might have a not so good tomarrow morning 
It seems that the answer to problems with qualification is to add more unrelated training and yelling into the already time strained day . I swear these people need to get the pulitzer prize . 
Two great concerts done in two days !! Southern voice and carnival of madness tours made my week even if i had saturday duty . 
Gonna get plastered today 
well missed church again due to a certain douche bag , can't wait to get out of bneq 
Has an entire weekend to kick it 
Maybe getting out of the barracks ! Things may start getting better 
