Saturday is too far away ! 

Very good day overall ! 
LAKERS WIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is having a grad/birthday party on the 27 of June , mail me if you are interested on coming ! 
Is having a grad/birthday party on the 27 of June at < PROPFEMALE > Church in < PROPFEMALE > Madre starting at 5:30 , mail me if you are interested on coming ! 
Just saw \The taking of Pelham 1 2 3\ " It was awsome ! if you want to know more feel free to ask me about it . " 
Holy Crap ! I just heard the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > DIED ! 
VBS IS OVER ! I don't know if I am happy or sad . 
Inner , Inner City , Inner City Pressure ! Inner City Pressure ! 
Why are we still paying so much for sneakers when you got them made by little slave kids ? What are your overheads ? 
I'm not crying , it's just been raining ................... on my face . 
Is ...... 
I'm not weeping because you won't be there to hold my hand . For your information there's inflamation in my tear gland . 
just got back from vacation 30 < PROPFEMALE > ago ! It was fun ! 
is bummed !!! 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , POST A COMMENT with a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you ... 
Is watching \Flight of the Concords\ " on youtube ! " 
Is so freaking pissed at his computer at the moment ! 
is writing a status about nothing in particular and that will most likely waste the time of whoever reads this . 
I want to invite all my friends to < PROPFIRST>'s funeral . It will be held in two days . :D 
Is leaving tomorrow for 2 1/2 weeks ! So He will not be on facebook at all during those times . 
is worried , but is glad that God is in control . p.s. Let me know if there is anything I can do for those of you affected by the fire . 
Has an extra ticket to raging waters , and want's to know if anybody wants to go with < PROPFIRST > and I tomorrow . It is a junier ticket , so either you have to be under 4 feet , or we can upgrade the ticket for $15 . ( depending who you are we might pay ) Call me tomorrow morning . P.S. It is open from 10:00 to 6:00 
Niners own ! 
< PROPFIRST > Gore can't be stopped ! 
Let's go Niners ! 
Has nothing to say after the Niner/Viking game . >:( 
thinks that \Undislcosed Desires\ " is the best song of Muse's new album \ " The Resistance \"" 
Hopes to see a lot of cool people sunday night ! 
During the struggle , they will pull us down . But please , please , let's use this < PROPMALE > to turn things around . And tonight we can truly say , together we're invincable . 
Just saw \The Informant\ " It was pretty funny ! " 
The suspense is killing me ! 
has been blessed so much by God ! 
:D 
Want's it to be sunday already ! 
' s life feels like a soap opera ! Luckily this one involves a living and loving God who graciously cleans up my messes . 
Hates the distance , and I am not talking about the song . 
No , you'll never be alone , when darkness comes I'll light the night with stars . Hear my whispers in the dark . No , you'll never be alone , when darkness comes you know I'm never far . Hear my whispers in the dark . 
Have you hear !?! 
Have you heared !?! 
( sorry , for some reason I can't type ) Have you Heard !?! 
Well , we just got a call saying that our offer on the house in Rancho has been approved . We are to enter escrow today or tomorrow , and are expected to close on the 24th of Nov . I am happy about the house , but bummed about the distance . 
Why won't anything on FB work ! 
Had a really fun time tonight , but is sad that he could not be in two places at once . 
apparently has a stomach that feels hard when poked .... 
Yesterday was a good day ! :D 
\Lets waste time chasing cars around our heads . \"" 
Going to one of my new favorite cities today ! 
doesn't know what to put for his status so he is going to put \doesn't know what to put for his status so he is going to put \ " doesn't know what to put for his status so hie is going to put ....... ( you get the idea ! ) " 
is amazed to look back and see how much God has blessed my life through Work Crew ! I really love that program ! 
realized today that God has blessed him even more than he was aware of before ! :D 
had fun hanging out with some pretty awesome people tonight , but just dissapointed he couldn't stay longer . 
Football today has been horrible for me , both for the Niners , and my fantasy team . Luckly tonight should make it all better ! 
\Chat is down for maitenance for this time\ " Well could you at least show me who is on ! " 
Now has a driving permit ! Third time's the charm I guess , eventhough it is the first time I actually took the test . All I have to do now is learn how to drive . -.- 
just finished counting how many people die in \ 3:10 to Yuma\ " My official count is 47 ! " 
Has decided that it is unfair to dislike with out even reading a chapter . Boys , don't try this at home ! ;) 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT-if you are reading this , whether we do or don't get to speak often , post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops into your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be suprised what people remember about you ! ( Should be interesting ) 
Hopes tomorrow works out ! 
Really great day at the park today ! To bad it couldn't last longer . :( 
That book seriously messed with me ! 
It never seems long enough , the goodbye always comes to soon and lasts too long ! 
is frustrated at himself ! Hmph ! 
:p 
JK :D 
Is glad he has someone he can really talk to ! :D 
Has noticed the time when the most people are on facebook , is after 10:30 and usually lasts ' till 12:30 . No wonder everyone is so tired ! 
Friday the 13th tomorrow ! :D 
The Niners pull off a win !!! ( I was frightened at the end though . ) 
is on lunch break from cleaning and packing stuff from the garage . Oh the joys of moving ... 
Saturday should be great ! Although right after I leave those 12 hours aren't going to feel long enough . 
Great day ! Wished it lasted longer though . 
My hands are too cold right now .... :( 
I'm gunna fight ' em off . A seven nation army couldn't hold me back ! 
>:/ 
It NEEDS to be wed already !!! 
Loved when the day turned to night ! I wish I could be sitting back there again right now .... but I will just have to wait for the next time :/ . I certainly hope it comes soon . 
Was on the phone for about 2-3 hours this morning with about 5 different people and talked with several of them multiple times . It will be worth it though ! 
Tonight was good . =) 
liked today ! But is sad about how long it will be until the next time . Oh well , I will just have to try to survive . 
I will be completely honest until Saturday . You can ask me 1 question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , you have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get . ( This sounded interesting so I thought I would try it ) 
Me ~ Hey Sully did you know that if you say old bagel 5 times it sounds like gullible towards the end ? Sully ~ Really , old bagel , old bagel , old bagel , old bagel , old bagel . Kyle ~ Psh , you're stupid < PROPFIRST > , it still sounds like old bagel ! 
Has much to be thankful for this year ! :D 
Thanksgiving was very good , although it could have been better . 
I will be completely honest until Saturday . You can ask me 1 question ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , you have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get . ( This sounded interesting so I thought I would try it ) Extened since I only got 1 question 
Such is southern California . You know that it is almost winter , when it just begins to look like fall . 
JK ! 
Is addicted to a song for some reason , it is sad but really good ! 
Can't wait ' till Friday ! 
Was a celeberty for about half an hour . The paparazzi were much nicer than they are put out to be . Maybe it was just these specific ones . 
Remembered that today is his half birthday , not that it really matters though . Just interesting . 
Is watching < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas ! 
Is no longer watching < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas ! 
Is looking forward to one of the upcoming days , but is not yet sure which one . 
Rain <3 
Tonight was very nice ! Great time with some great people ! 
YAY for today ! So wonderful ! :D 
Post one or two of your favorite music videos on your wall and then comment on my status so I know to look . I am interested to see what people put . ( This is me and not one of those copy and paste statuses :p ) 
Internet it still not working at the new home yet , so here I am at the library ! 
If you were the game , I would never stop losing ! 
Hates McDonalds and there stupid wifi , that is way to complicated to use , especially when the employees tell you that you can just go on with out having to do anything else . >:( 
has internet again ! YAY ! 
\If it's too loud then you must be too old ! \"" 
\So shave your face with some mace in the dark . Saving all your food stamps and burning down the trailor park . \"" 
' s arms are empty and doesn't like it ! 
Can't wait for sunday ! 
Great day , but the end of it always comes too fast . 
Seems to be well liked by Opie ! 
Shall be gone for the weekend ! 
is back ! 
24 friends online . I remember when I used to think that was a lot . 
Wednesdays have become my favorite day of the week . 
It's never a good idea to give me a loaded squirt bottle . :) 
Really hopes he feels better by tomorrow . 
:( 
Doppelgänger week ! During this week change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like . This will be cool . :) Only I have no idea who to use , so I need your help in deciding ! 
Tomorrow should be good . 
Had a good day today , but it was too short ! Tomorrow should be good also , then off to work at 6:00 am mon . 
Work tomorrow at 6:00 am ! 
A little tired and is sad he can't go see friends tomorrow . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Facebook change ! But is is for the better or worse ? 
Gets to sleep in tomorrow ! :) 
It is raining and hailing at the same time here in Rancho . 
Tomorrow should be good ! The superbowl and the best company to share it with ! :D 
Tee < PROPFEMALE > 
:) :( :D :/ 
' s back knees , and feet hurt . Not to mention being plain tired . Gotta love working the line at a factory ! 
Arrgh ! 
Hopes the weekend will be great and that everything will work out . 
Is going to run some erands , will talk to you later ! 
Is actually looking forward to Valentines day this year ! 
\Ain't no sunshine when she's gone . It's not warm when she's away . Ain't no sunshine when she's gone and she's always gone too long anytime she goes away . \"" 
Truth project returns tomorrow . Leading off the night , Veritos ! 
Without sorrow , joy can not be fully appreciated . Without pain , love does not have the same impact ! 
\God only knows what I'd be without you . \"" 
Looking foward to tomorrow ! 
Pretty good day I would say ! =) 
If a ninja decides to kill you , he will be that last thing that you don't see ! 
The Leprechaun promised if we let him go , he won't tell nobody . 
Today should be good ! 
You can hold me once , You can hold me twice . Even better if the stars are good tonight . You can hold me , be my one and only , This is the reply to the letter you wrote me . 
Just finished watching The Hurt Locker . Very well made movie ! 
Just another typical sunday morning . Wake up , get ready , go to church , faint in the middle of the sermon , get taken to the hospital in an ambulance , get tested , told I'm fine and that I just fainted for some reason that they do not know ( which I could have told them my self , but glad that they did their jobs ad found out that everything was fine ) , released and go home . Fun ! Not ! 
\Stand clear she's the girl of the year and there's no use in trying to get her off my mind . \"" 
Can't wait ' till friday ! 
Yay ! Good weekend at camp ! 
Had a fun time today ! :D 
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear , Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair . Fuzzy Wuzzy spent a week in jail for indecent exposure ! 
Man , the original Mighty Morphing Power Rangers were the bomb ! 
\It's gonna be a bright bright bright bright sun shiny day \"" 
6.9 earthquake in Baja 
Missing you 
<3 :D ! 
Sunday is too far away , and approaching too slow . 
Looks like he will be going to see Muse in september ! 
Is very pleased with the Niners ' picks so far ! 
Has really started to appreciate the weekends more ! 
1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ! 
Supernatural season finale tonight ! 9:00 is not coming fast enough ! 
Tomorrow will be wonderful ! 
Friday ! 
Tonight was great ! 
Don't you just love that new football smell !?! 
Yay ! for pulling off last minute surprises ! 
Good weekend ! 
Is there anyone planning on going up to camp this weekend that could possibly give me a ride from La Cresenta either Friday night or saturday morning ? 
If you are planning on going up to camp on staurday and could give me a ride let me know where you would need to pick me up from so I can see if I can get there . Thanks ! 
is blessed by God beyond imagination ! 
\I don't want to jump in unless this music's thumpin ' . All the dishes raddle in the cupboards when the elephants arrive . \"" 
If you like this status , I will post something on your wall about what I like about you . Put this as your status if you want a challenge . 
Today was :D 
Man , those refs blew a lot of calls tonight . Lakers probably would have won if not for those 20 bazillion bad calls . 
Is off to camp tomorrow . Be back in a little over two months . 
At camp . 
Knocked < PROPFEMALE > S < PROPMALE > over while playing ninja ! 
see's all these advertisements on fb for the Muse concert , and I laugh because I already have one ! :) 
Working at a camp is such an awesome job ! :D But I do miss ceraint people . :/ 
misses you ... :/ 
killed a < PROPFEMALE > with his chest today ! 
is off for half of the day ! 
Got to see Inception with < PROPFEMALE > ! Yay ! 
No WC guys this session . Interesting .... 
Is back home ! 
First day of college , check . 
Lowbirding at the ACCC ! \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHRWcdUF2Z0 
Niners play tonight ! Who cares if it is only preseason ? 
What mischevious plans should I make today ? 
< PROPFIRST > can .... ( fill in the blank ) 
Is looking forward to what promises to be an amazing weekend ! 
And the season begins ! 
Looking forward to the weekend . 
looking forward to a great weekend ! :D 
Had an amazing time this weekend ! :D 
Saturday should be bomb ! If all works out , spending time with my beauty and then Muse !!! 
Sat = < PROPMALE > Half the day with < PROPFEMALE > and the other half with Muse ! Only way it could have been better is if I was with < PROPFEMALE > the whole day ! 
I think < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are trying to drive me insane ! 
Doesn't get much better than a fresh double-double ! :) 
Good day today so far ! And I finally got new shoes . 
Been a great year ! <3 :D 
Niners finally win , about time ! 
I'll try it . \Like\ " my status and I'll tell you : 1 . \ 
I love my amazing girlfriend < PROPFEMALE > Break , she is the best ! 
< PROPFIRST > J . Walthart can't decide what to do for halloween , who votes for him to be Xena ? 
Lakers 5-0 as the Kings fall ! 
< PROPFIRST > Rice !!! Ranked #1 all time of the greatest players of NFL history ! You know it ! 
I ordor a Bacon Ultimate cheesburger , and I find no bacon when i eat it ! What's up with that ? The wrapper is even marked with a sharpe that it is the bacon one ! :'( ..... I want bacon . 
Listening to Muse ! Good start to the day ! 
Lessons learned from < PROPFIRST > Winchester ! When in a fist-fight with a < PROPFEMALE > , it is ok to fight dirty and use a microwave . 
I love my math teacher ! He let out early last night and told us to skip the homework we normally would have had ! :D 
Can't decide whether he should start to listen to Christmas music yet or not . 
Who knows ? If the Niners win tonight they still have a shot at making the playoffs ! 
Woke up to a painful cramp in my left pec at 4 in the morning last night . Interesting experiance , but certainly not fun ! 
Take-home tests ; much better than normal ones ! 
Niners destroyed the Seahawks today ! :D 
C'mon 49ers ! Gotta beat the chargers today or we are pretty much sunk . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Just realized that I need a new status ...... Problem solved ! 
One fish , two fish ; red fish , blue fish . 
could really use a massage , any volunteers ? :D 
YAY ! Steelers lose ! I don't really care that the Packers won , just that the Steelers lost ! 
Good day today ! :D 
Starting back at Ironwood tomorrow morning ! Sweet , I can resupply my dwindling funds again ! God is so faithful ! 
I almost failed today at one of my everyday goals . But fortunatly I didn't . 
Bleh ! I feel terrible . 
They have the craziest ingredients on the show \Chopped \"" 
Sibling war ! Copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without you brothers and sisters protesting , you win !!!.. 
Got a shot today . Hopefully it helps ! 
The NFL and it's players need to get this thing settled already . 
God is good ! 
In-N-Out tonight ! Yes , Party in my stomach ! 
< PROPFIRST > Winchester is \Exibit A\ " that older brothers are better ! " 
Who else thinks they should make a professional dodgeball league ? I would watch NDL ! 
