is looking forward to Trueblood tonight ! 

I'm going to go get my fingers dirty in my garden 
Which first , catnap or eat ? decisions , decisions .... 
Run , Fat Boy , RUN ! 
is really tired ..... 
Eggplant Beetles are my mortal enemy 
wants to stay home , vegetate and go thru backlog on my tivo .... 
really wants the sun to come out and play .... 
Mama needs a new pair of shoes .... 
is a little nervous .... 
gets to play hooky today ... 
Hell has officially frozen over and little piglets are flying thru the sky ..... 
is about to go apeshit on somebody ...... 
has a flat tire :( 
I'm up way too late , I'm gonna pay for this tomorrow ... 
is on the hunt ... 
I think my new puppy is the coolest puppy ever 
Is procrastinating again ..... 
is becoming a lovely toasty < PROPFEMALE > brown .... I'm getting skin cancer someday but I don't care right now 
It needs to either rain or be < PROPFEMALE > , this inbetween stuff sucks 
was attacked on the face by killer puppy ... 
watching Entourage then going shopping 
Needs to get her ass in gear .... 
Off to the pub as usual 
has to go get ready for a wedding shower ..... what to wear ? 
I just discovered that puppy farts are worse than puppy breathe 
is really looking forward to the cleaning lady coming on friday , this place is a mess ! 
needs to step up her game and be more dependable ..... 
is having a recluse day 
redoing my whole Itunes is a pain in the ass 
is gonna do some dishes .... 
rain , rain , go away .... 
If < PROPFEMALE > digs in my vegetable garden one more time , I'm feeding her to the bad puppy gods ..... 
ran in my new running shoes and it was heavenly 
I need to go for a run but what I really want is nap time ..... this is why I don't lose weight :( 
How did a < PROPFEMALE > ditch dog become so expensive ? 
doesn't mind the extreme humidity we're having but I do wish it didn't come with swarms of mosquitoes .... 
I badly need to reorganize my closet but its such a beautiful day outside , I can't bear to stay inside 
is really tired 
just found out that poison < PROPFEMALE > can take 3-6 weeks to go away ... AAARRGG !!! this shit better be gone by my birthday ! 
should be cleaning but i'm not 
needs to get my butt in gear .... 
is off on the hunt .... 
District 9 is an awesome movie , I reccommend it to all ! 
If you don't like a picture you can untag it yourself .... 
I need more 
must get up ... 
Today is a < PROPMALE > n ' Cheese kind of day 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
arrrggg ! 
is running late as usual ... AAhh ! 
is feeling mildly ambitous ... 
I'm off to get my hair did by someone new .... Wish me luck .... 
Today is a rather sucky day . I'm ready for it to be next week . 
is very tired and gonna curl up and read my kindle 
must be incredibly blessed person to not get hangovers 
is being wined and dined ... 
gym or no gym .... can't decide 
so sleepy yet so much to do today .... 
wants a pumpkin pie NOW !!! 
What has happened that Facebook can no longer put posts in chronological order ? Is it really that hard ? Get your shit together FB ! 
runnin late as usual ... 
needs to start going to bed earlier 
has no clue what to wear tonight ... 
Voy a voy . Who's with me ? 
< PROPFEMALE > 
french toast is my savior 
19hrs and counting til I'm in San < PROPMALE > ! In'n'Out here I come baby ! 
mothers produce screaming 
is off to climb a mountain .... in the snow 
' s doppelganger would be ? Hope you people have ideas cuz I don't 
is setting up a Skype account .... this is kinda fun 
has a muli t-t alented puppy .... besides being the ultimate stinkbug killer , she's a snow tunneling machine ... 
Anybody know how Rt . 50 is ? Gotta go to Dulles to pick up < PROPFIRST > .... 
is off to do a nice 10miler in the sun ... I'm like a solar powered car , I run better in 85F n < PROPFEMALE > 
survived .... barely 
is having some serious issues with a certain puppy digging up my vegetable garden .... especially since I already seeded . So much for having everything in nice rows . 
anybody have a cure for dogs who dig ? I'm running out of ideas n getting frustrated ... 
hanging at the pub , having nachos n beer 
has a lot of nice clothing for really bad weather or really nice weather but nothing for inbetween .... 
had beer at the races , got tired of wind blowing my dress up , then went n got mojitos ... now back to my house for some Pim's on my porch ... its a boozy day 
Darnnit ! why is it Sat nite @1am that I realize I'm out of makeup remover AND facewash ... aaarrrgg ... 
Thank goodness for caffeine .... 
mango sticky rice = yuuummmiiinesss 
is soooo tired ... Ran 14miles today AND did an hour of weights@gym...now its time to go sleep 12hrs 
loves the girlfriend perk of getting to pet 3day old foals ! 
has 6wks til i gotta do 26.2 mi ... I wouldn't mind having an extra 6wks ... 
is about to go for a run w/Elly ... so much for new clean shoes ... 
just watched \Men Who Stare at Goats\ " .... seriously underwhelmed . " 
ran a kickass 16miler today ; took 10min off my 10mile time and took 2min off my +15mile pace .... I think my body is finally figuring out this long distance thing ... 
need sleep ... how do people marathon train year round ? I'm exhausted 
is grilling in the backyard with friends and drinking PiMs ... yummmyy alcohol fruit 
was woken up every 2hrs last night by my geriatric dog wanting to go pee .... had a full 9hrs sleep , yet not rested at all 
completing spring closet switchover than off to the gym ... 
just finished running an incredibly painful 18miles and am now about to consume ridiculous amounts of food ... 
is feeling rather tired and cranky 
I love REI ... it makes me feel like a kid in < PROPFEMALE > shop 
@the pub 
had a lovely day at the fleamarket in shenandoah with < PROPMALE > Boy 
i bought \whistling\ " chuckit balls for my dogs ang they're not whistling ! " 
just finished watching < PROPFIRST > Peters and my cheeks hurt from laughing .... now time for bed 
ran 20miles today and am now soaking my aches n pains away .... epsom salts fix anything ... aaahhhh 
it must be a full < PROPFEMALE > cuz all the oddballs have crawled out of the woodwork tonight .... 
just finished killer track workout + legs wts@gym...now I got a huge salt craving 
is having trouble sitting down ... 
fresh warm brownies with a spoonful of Fluff .... yummmiiinesss 
would like Mr Sunshine to come back please 
with enough caffeine I turn into an animal 
its lookin like its shitshow thursday ! hooray ! 
was gonna have a 20min powernap then go running .... then I woke up 3+hrs later ! Guess I was a little more tired I thought .... 
is having one too many Hornsby's at the Pub .... :) 
make that 4 too many .... 
Dim sum@Mark's Duck House .... you know its good food when you're the only white person in an ethnic restaurant 
this rain is really messing with my 10day-taper-to-race-day plan ... aarrgg 
red red wiiinnnnee stay close to meee ! 
is trying to take a picture a picture of my new kitten but she won't stop moving , all I get is a blur ... lol 
is gonna go get my hair did 
is washing the dogs and getting a bit of a tan . Multitasking at its best :) 
Sooo you think can Dance ! 
He's ALIVE !! 
just finished killer trackout , now more important things .... what the hell am I wearing tonight ?!?! 
has rawked in summer with a bang and probably a mild hangover ..... 
went into the garden and was nearly sucked dry by a swarm of mosquitoes .... wtf 
I'm going going back back to Cali -Biggie Smalls 
is rather impressed by the new sections of Dulles . Not Bad , it only took 10yrs and a gazillion dollars . 
goes to San < PROPMALE > and forgets my swimsuit .... AARRGG !! I'm such an airhead sometimes .... 
can't sleep 
wishes alcohol counted as carb loading ... 
tomorrow I gotta wakeup @3 : 45AM to start 26.2 @6 : 15am . uggh .... huge butterflies in my stomach , i wish it was over already 
soooo nervous I just might puke .... 
its on like donkey kong bitches ! 
so i was feeling amazing with a 2:15 @13 . 1mi .. then hit wall @14 . Rallied @16 , got body cramps and nearly passed out @20 , felt amazing after 5packets of salt and killed the last 4mi in sub 45 . Not my ideal race but I survived injury free :) 
is busy getting a chinese leg massage/soaking .... aaaahh ... little asian people have magic hands 
is blissed out on cloud 9 .... :) 
tiger balm and epsom salt are my homeboys 
is eating grapes in bed and napping ... good times 
so i just dropped my cell in water .... anybody trying to get a hold of me just leave a voicemail with ur phone# since I don't have any memorized . or FB me . 
my cell has died from its swim in the kitchen sink . Could this happen at a more annoying time ? AARRG 
I have a phone !! YAYYY !!! Anybody whose number isn't on Fb please send it me .... I lost everything when I drowned my old phone .... 
Is having a great day hanging with my brother 
This weather sucks ... and my sunburn isn't helping my mood ..... 
2 for 1 Happy Hour@Cabo's! HiphipHooray for cheap drinks !! 
Is watching Tosh . O .... haven't laughed this hard in awhile 
Wow ... coming home is the best weight loss plan EVER ! Skeletor here I come ! 
Getting my dancing shoes ready for tonight ... don't know where I'm going yet but I'm definitely going OUT !!! 
Retail therapy always gets me out of a funk 
Just scored big time 
Nighty Nite Fb 
Blahs 
Time for a beach run ! 
24hrs till home :) 
goodbye SD ! 
Just probably took 5 yrs off my heart but oh so worth it .... doubledouble you were my first love 
Hot 
Is a busy busy bee ... and kinda glad today is finally done 
I <3 marrow 
Turkey BLT time ..... hmmm yummmmy ... 
Just had some lovely thai food ... now time for the pub ! 
time to get a little tan@ the Summit Point Drift Show 
Crab season has officially started !! Bring on the gator tail ! 
time to find another race and get back on the wagon ..... crabs and coldstone have put me on a slippery slope .... 
Doesn't really like dealing with today .... perhaps tomorrow ? 
Gym 
has discovered it is literally possible to melt your ass off .... now if only that were possible for love handles .... 
Watermelon+vodka = good times n yumminess 
Can't wait to go salsa dancing tonight ! Look out DC , I'm baaaack ! 
You got to be kidding me ! Come on USA !! 
USA played like ass ... need some work on defense 
is watching my kitten be attacked ..... by her hind foot . 
California Girls : so hot , we'll melt your popsicle ... 
Can't sleep 
First the time in my life I'm really wishing it would rain .... 
2 hours of power at the Gym ... 
It always amazes me how much a book can bring you up or bring you down 
7mi run with the Elly-phante 
It was a good day .... 
I have a lot of stuff .... time to prioritize 
I would like the next 48hrs to be done and have it be Friday nite already ..... 
Apparently my subconcious thinks it a great idea to wakeup at 5am today . I think its a horrible idea , but what do I know ? 
Just had an amazing dinner and I'm ready for bed .... oh wait , that's right , I still need to pack my closet up by 7am . Yayy me . 
Eyes are burning 
it is waaaaayy tooo hot this morning .... 88F @10am just sucks . 
Aaarrrrggg !!! 
Vodka makes me haaaappy ..... 
Apparently champagne works just as well .... 
Is recovering poolside ..... 
To all my San < PROPMALE > people , if you haven't heard thru the grapevine , I'm back in SD for good ! 
To all my non-San < PROPMALE > people , now y'all need to come visit me ! 
Landed .... 
Just finished 5mi run with the my brother .... good times :) 
Mmmm ... moms homemade apple pie .... yuuuuummmiiinness 
Got my fingers crossed .... 
Great Success !!! 
I have a job !! Yaayy me !! 
Off to go see Grupo Niche with my mamacita :) 
Tried to be the best little sister/wing-girl I could be tonight ... 
This weather sucks n its making allergies act up ..... aarrggg 
I think I'm fighting off a cold ... bleh 
thinking ... 
( 817)\SharkWeek . Kickoff begins Sunday . The drinking game has been updated to include jumping/breaching sharks and < PROPMALE>'s not allowed to bring the harpoon . Period \"" 
Oi vey ..... 
is up in the air .... 
Is looking forward to the weekend .... 
Is going swimming with horses ! Yippee !! 
Frustration .... 
Table@Josephine's bitches !!! 
Hooooollllaaaa muuumddoooooo !!!!!! 
Hellllooo sunrise ! Now time for bed .... 
@clarke county fair watching kids < PROPMALE > greased pigs ... I feel like I'm in a foreign culture .... 
I'm gonna need a vacation to recover from my vacation .... 
Its lookin like I'm gonna be in VA for another week .... Who's in town ? 
Margaritaville time :) 
Is stuck @Dulles airport for another 3hrs .... Ugggh 
is in San < PROPMALE > 
need to find a half marathon to do , anyone wanna do one w/me in nov-jan ? 
home alone 
apparently all my friends are lazy bums ... I suggest a little 1/2marathon with plenty training time n no one responds ... Man up people ! 
I missed the smell of salt soooo much ..... 
Would like today to be over .... 
I now find it hard to take short showers ... the east coast corrupted me ... its all my fault california's runnin out of water 
Just got the keys to the new place .... let the moving begin ! 
Moving Rule #1 : wear closed-toe shoes or you will lose a toenail .... 
broke my phone AGAIN ! I'm getting some texts so sorry if I don't respond people .... 
My phone is fixed !! Yayyy !! 
at home .... sick ... boo :( 
Heading downtown with the girls ..... 
Wow 
Running time 
I'm already getting excited about Halloween n its not even October yet .... I'm such a dork 
Heerrreeee piggy piggy piggy 
Just spent the night wide awake , its now 7am n I haven't slept yet ..... work today is gonna suck .... 
Oh my .... its gonna be one of those nights ..... 
Is sick .... again .... I think my body is trying to tell me something .... 
@pool getting skin cancer 
( 908 ) where's my purse there's an important taco in it 
Hates cheap people . Is it really that hard to tip 20% ? Wtf 
I actually managed to get next Sat nite off ! Goin out on the town for my bday ! Yayyy !!!! 
Hmmm ... should I clean my house or sleep by the pool ?.... Pool wins ! 
Time to peel my butt off the couch and away from FB .... gonna do kickass 4x400's w/ my brother .... who do you think will win ? ;) 
Party @my brothers on Sat nite for my bday ! Call me or < PROPMALE > if you need directions . Be there @7p then headed downtown for some dancing with the girls ! 
Can't wait for tonight ! Its gonna be sooooo much fun !! 
So let the craziness begin ..... first stop ... Sidebar 
Deadmau5 @Voyeur . Best day weekend . Ever . 
Best . Birthday . Ever . 
Thanks for all the birthday love everybody ! 
So its 10days til the best holiday of the year ... HALLOWEEN ! What are you dressing as and where are you going ? 
Does anybody have a glue gun I can borrow this weekend ? 
4months of being lazy post marathon = 3months lots of pain now .... signed up for the Carlsbad Half Marathon in < PROPFIRST > , so its time to get back on the wagon 
Round 2 @voyeur tonight .... let the craziness begin ... again 
Watching the game @millers with < PROPMALE > n < PROPMALE > 
Perfect weather for a trail run in tecolote :) 
Just found out I'm getting off work earlyish tonight n need another costume ! Anybody have one I can borrow ? Or ideas ? 
Is poolside 
Sad for things that are gone and people who change 
Does anybody have a Heaven&Hell ticket for sale ? Please contact me asap if you do 
Should I go to Heaven or Hell ? 
Goodbye October , it was fun while it lasted . Helllllooo November .... 
Sunset run @torrey pines 
@Belly Up 
I <3 Sunday mimosas 
Has a middle school cheer squad practicing outside my bedroom window . Shoot me now . 
Feels like getting dressed up and doing some dancing tonight ! 
Off to check out the new & improved Voyeur .... 
( 617 ): I'll be there in 5 < PROPFEMALE > . If not , read this again . 
Karaoke Nite @the Lamplighter .... look out people ! 
Rooooxxxannnnnne !!! 
To afterparty or not to afterparty that is the question .... 
Maaasssaaaaage ...... 
Fact of Life #152 Asian people have magic hands 
Dear Sunshine , please come back . I need you like a fat kid needs cake . 
Fuuuuuuuunnn .... 
Is the pumpkin pie monster . Raaawrr . Run n hide your pies from me . Raaawwwrr . 
Ready to enjoy a couple days off finally 
Perfect < PROPFEMALE > weather for a 10miler on the beach . I love San < PROPMALE > . 
Harbor run 
Out come the wolves ... 
Need more sleep 
would like to stay home and be a recluse .... but i have this little thing called work 
is officially doing my FIRST Vegas Trip in 2weeks ! Who else is gonna be there ?!? 
Massages make me puuuuurrrrrrrr ......... 
Today was a good day .... 
Dub nite dancing ..... 
So excited for the weather to be in the 80s this weekend ! < PROPFEMALE > christmas to all my east coast peeps ! Hahaha ! 
Just ate half a Costco pumpkin pie for breakfast ..... ummmm yeah ... 
Has decided to break out into hives all over my arms , legs and feet . WTF . Seriously . This better be gone in time for Vegas this weekend .... 
Good news is that the benadryl seems to be working ... bad news is that I'm kinda stoned outta my head @work right now . Didn't think it would hit me this hard ... 
Benedryl Express for slowmo-la la land is rapidly leaving the station folks .... 
sweating out all that is toxic 
Dear body , I would really appreciate it if we could go at least a year without anymore horrible symptoms that make doctors go\WOW that really bad but we have no clue what's causing it\ " and no more hospital trips . Kthanksbye . " 
My meds for the hives stop the hives/itching but keep me awake ... I can't seem to win this week . 
I am finally admitting defeat to this virus .... Vegas is off this weekend , to be rescheduled for < PROPFIRST > . 
is having a lovely lazy day 
putting on the warpaint for tonight ..... 
I Go Hard , I Go Home 
Snuggled up with my kindle 
Tron 
I need french toast . badly . 
Is ready for it to be 2011 already 
Would like another 15hrs sleep but off to work I go ..... 
Dear Rain God\ 
Please don't rain on Wed , I wanna go play Frisbee golf . \ 
Kthankyoubye 
The Vegas Trip is officially rescheduled for < PROPFIRST > 14-17th ! Who else is going ?! i.e that means you < PROPFEMALE > Marr , < PROPFEMALE > Heinemann , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Stevens , Nadav Wilf , < PROPFIRST > Petrig and all my other little troublemakers ! 
Is being corrupted by Dirty Mondays .... or maybe I'm gonna corrupt them ... 
Excited for Industry NYE @Fluxx tonight with my girls ! 
Time to get back on the wagon .... back to the gym I go ... this is gonna be painful 
\if by crazy you mean ' could throw a dance party in a paper bag ' then I'm your man . \ " < PROPMALE > Kral ... I think we might be twins seperated at birth .... " 
Just got my bike back from the repair shop .... who's up for a little mt . biking @Hodges next week ? 
Remind me never to go grocery shopping AFTER the gym .... I am now stocked for WWIII .... 
Oh wonderful gym , you make me feel so good . Why did I ever leave you ? 
Somebody just stole my bathroom rug out of the dryer ! Wtf ?!? Seriously who steals a BATH MAT from an apartment complex laundry room ?!? 
Is absorbing sunshine like its manna from heaven 
Sb tonight = vegas warmup .... 
< PROPFEMALE > rooftop pool , 75F , and all my favorite people ! Perfect day ! 
Vegas baby ! 
Powernapped , refreshed and ready for round 2 ! Bring it Vegas !! 
Survived . 
Gettin skincancer @the pool in January . I love San < PROPMALE > . 
Just had a crazy 2hr mt bike w/friends , now goin to In N Out , then off to pool ! Plus its 80F & sunny = Perfect Saturday ! 
Why do they make races so early in the morning ? I'm really temepted to turn around n crawl back to bed ..... 
Ok adrenaline is starting to kick in ...... 13.1 here I come ! 
Not bad considering I only ran twice in the last 5wks and did pretty much everything you're not supposed to do before a race . The human body is an amazing machine when you decide to push it .... 
got a huge sweets craving right now but I'm too lazy to go to the store ..... my laziness is actually saving me from being a fatass right now .... 
Could seriously use a backrub .... any volunteers pretty please ? 
having a dance party w/ < PROPMALE > Kral andHeather < PROPFIRST > ! 
It seemed like a great idea at the time .... now not so much ..... 
Ummmm yeah .... halfway apparently isn't in my vocabulary ..... 
starting to feel a bit like a vampire ..... 
Chubby < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
Problem : beginnings of chest infection/cold . Solution : Burn it out with a 10miler ! Let you know if it actually works or not .... 
Had caffeine @2pm and I'm still wired and can't sleep . Wtf its been 14hrs . Tomorrow's gonna suck . 
Crash N Burn 
Come support me and Voyeur tonight ! Free VIP Guestlist for < PROPFIRST > Dahlback & Albin Myers ! Message me for guestlist by 5pm ! Ladies I got a table n bottle for you to help me with .... 
Thanks to everyone who came out to support me last night ! 
Can't decide what to do for superbowl sunday funday .... 
Sometimes Pandora is the only thing that can get me thru my day 
I'm over February .... March is looking much more promising ... 
Chips Ahoy Extra Chunky were created by the devil 
BWAHAHAHAHA !!!!! So true !! \ 
\(313 ) We JUST got rid of the new years fatties at my gym and now the spring break fatties are here . goddamn . \"" 
If anybodys in the PB area with jumper cables .... please call me . I will cook you dinner . 
BOOM !! Sunday Funday has been planned courtesy of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
If somebody brought me an egg&cheese sandwich right now , I promise to love ' em forever 
Just went thru my pic gallery on my phone and found some gems I didn't even know I had ... 
Sitting in my car , waiting for the rain to stop , so I can run into the gym . I have officially reverted back to my SoCal roots and can't deal with anything but perfect weather . How did I ever survive so long on the east coast ? 
Just danced my butt off and had the most fun I've had in a VERY long time , and its all thanks to my fellow dancing queens < PROPMALE > Kral , < PROPFIRST > Colt , and < PROPFEMALE > Gandola ! Happy Bday < PROPMALE > !!! p.s. best bday party EVER !!! 
This weather sucks ... but I had my hair done today by the lovely Shayln Wheeler and its just looks too pretty to stay in .... Downtown here I come ! P.S. Brazilian Blowout by her = AMAAAZINGNESSS !!! 
Tickets booked !!! 10days til Bermuda and WMC's!!! < PROPFEMALE > excited ..... anybody else going to the WMC's ? 
4th&B ..... worth every < PROPFEMALE > ..... they need to have more shows here ..... 
Need french toast ... badly ... will settle for a giant quesadilla ... this is a life or death search right now ... 
I've always been an animal lover but I seriously wanna kill my mom's dogs . Never . Dogsitting . Again . 
If you were my kindle , where would you be hiding ? 
7days til sunshine and white beaches .... and no more yappy puntdogs ... can't wait to have my first uninterrupted 9hrs sleep in 4wks 
Thanks to Synova Cats I've officially been sucked into going out tonight .... I try to be good but it never seems to work out ... 
Sticks and bones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me ;) 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful , beautiful mother , < PROPFEMALE > Reddish , who puts up with all my crap . Love ya Mom ! 
I <3 gay bars . They're so much fun . 
Has died and gone to heaven .... about to go scuba diving in Bequia :) 
MUSTIQUE !!!! 
Bienvenidos a Miami !!! 
Apparently I've gone viral while on vacation .... 
Puttin on the war paint and preparing for battle .... 
Just missed my flight . Fml ... oh well , maybe this the universes way of telling me to stay for Ultra .... 
Got another flight , apparently the universe would rather have me home & at Fluxx tonight for industry night with my girls :) 
Just spent my morning looking at one-way tickets to other continents ..... 
is solar powered 
I love my tall blondes ..... 
Et tu vodka ? 
Rainy day closet purge catharsis 
Just had wonderful dinner , conversation , everything . Thank you senor < PROPMALE > Kral , exactly what I needed , as always , same wavelength ;) 
Sometimes I wish I could wear sunglasses in the gym so I could people watch without looking like a total creeper . Maybe it was the full < PROPFEMALE > but there are all sorts of crazies at the gym right now ... 
Noize good 
Best part of going out on a Saturday night is no meters on Sunday ... yayyy free parking ! 
\I'm totally time traveling right now . My phone is upside down . \ " Hot tub Time Machine w/ < PROPFEMALE > Simpson " 
Why hello Vegas ... so we meet again ... 
Even I am kinda amazed how I'm still alive right now . I love vegas but it kinda scares me too ..... 
