Thanks for all the wishes everybody ! 

Crosby and Malkin ... 2girls1cup 
3 day weekend ... i like i like . P.S. -- I will be in Michigan next weekend ... all who care should get a hold of me ... 
I love my life 
Aside from waking up to \Alan ... I have bad news ... \ " today has been freaking awesome " 
what a weekend ... time to recover 
Michigan is booked ... arriving Thursday leaving Tuesday 
hanging out in < PROPFEMALE > Arbor tonight ... give me a ring 
feeling good ... it's the most mid-wonderful time of the year 
i love saturday 
Shawshank , < PROPFEMALE > HillBillies , and eventually a lounge chair ... I love Sundays 
who is down for partying like rockstars tonight ? 
I just want the worlds biggest philly ... extra cheeze wiz please 
who gets a serious hip flexor injury ? ... Honestly ... 
I am a White Shark . 
there is no reason for me to automatically wake up at 7:43 ... no reason at all 
Out ... Like a Champion 
Saturday ... I love Saturday 
sunday funday ? 
what an unreal weekend ... time to relax and recover 
back in Tucson ... settling into my new awesome place . 
So I don't suppose I can hope for a snow day ... 
So grad students are not allowed to tryout for the Icecats . My dreams of grandeur have been dashed ... 
Have I mentioned that my new place has a Hot-Tub ? No ? Oh ... Well guess what I am doing about now ... 
Okay ... On a more important note , both Z and < PROPFEMALE > claim to have never heard Dynamite Hack - Boys in the Hood . Who else finds this completely absurd ? 
I am drinking water out of a Coors Light glass . I do this because when the mountains turn blue I know my water is cold enough to drink ... 
copywork ... about as cool as aids 
having a productive sunday 
done with OCI ... which is just super-silly-hyphy-dumb-dumb 
pretty sure Mauet spent 30 minutes talking about the hamburglar today ... 
old-man hockey then bar-review ... its gonna be a good night . 
ahhh the weekend ... it feels ... so ... good 
Attn Law School : The excuse \I am taking it easy because of the tailgate tomorrow\ " makes 100% zero sense . " 
College Football ... it feels ... so ... good . 
Michigan , ASU , and U of A ... nothing but awesome victories the whole way around . This football season is already 100 times better than the last 2 . 
Shooters ... lets make this happen 
Epic weekend . Simply awesome . 
Old man hockey here I come . 
I wish I could be two places at once . I need to be like Christian Bale and his twin in the Prestige , good lord I could get soooo much done . 
Just heard on T.V. that < PROPMALE > Millen is going to be on the broadcast team for Michigan v . N.D. ... Someone should be killed for this . 
basketball 3 at the rec for anyone who is interested . 
On my way up to spend sometime with those who currently or once have resided at 2700 N < PROPMALE > ... you know who you are . 
Another great weekend , winding it down 
Obama calls Kanye a \jackass\ " ... thats just awesome . " 
Getting ready for gametime tonight ... Gonna do some some walkthroughs ... watch some film and so forth . Hoping to win by about 50 tonight . 
Lets get this party started 
I am going to Trident toinight ... if you haven't had the pleasure of seeing the two dopest Keeroakers of all time ... go to Trident tonight 
balencesto ... rocking ASU shorts and shirt at the U of A rec . Like a champion 
living the dream 
yahoo has 100 ways to save money on the homepage ... i'll give you 2 ... walk home and eat spaghetti 
Per Comm sucks . 
is drinking coffee out of a plastic up ... 
Nothing is better than beating frat teams at IM sports . 
Living the dream 
old man hockey followed by bar review at the nugget ... is there a better possible thursday ?? I think not . 
watching Top Gun as a pregame 
i got a feeling ... see you in old town 
great victory 
its that perfect weather time of year ... sweet ... 
running 150's all week in preparation for playoffs on Sunday ... oh yea it is that serious 
Happy New South Park Day !!! 
Zombieland ... probably the funniest movie i've seen in a few years 
I don't know that there is any amount of caffine that can make this bus org reading work less effectively than ambien 
school up till monday ... severe fml . 
Butters ... [] D [] [] V [] [] D [] []\\[] 
The sun is shining , the weather is warm , the tailgates are out . And I ... am sitting in the library . This is the anti-saturday . 
I think there is a solid < PROPMALE > that there will be about 30 friends on facebook chat by this time tomorrow ... 
I would just like to note : the fact that I've reffered to Sun City as \not exactly a budding metropolis . \ " should get me an automatic A in this class . " 
heading up to Phoenix for the wings game ... woooooo ! 
time to get productive 
IM soccer wooooooo 
basketball and galleyproofing ... pretty much PB&J 
supercuts charged my debit card for $311.95 ... my haircut is not that good , I should have gone to costcutters ... 
now is when the real fun begins 
well it's good I can turn in my pcomm hardcopy by monday at 5 . Because when I was at the locked door at 5:01 today I nearly had a heartattack . And now ... evidence . 
done with the heavy stuff ... I think a nap is in order . 
sigh ... bis orgs and arizona civ pro ... is it possible that two more boring finals exist ? 
Thank you Tiger . Without you , I don't have to watch ' sports'center golf coverage anymore . P.S. -- If you can't get a groin pull doing it ... it is not a sport . Sorry nascar , bowling , pool , golf , poker , and the wnba ... none of your activities are sports . Thank goodness ten more minutes of my day can be spent watching conversation about real athletes . 
On another note , is a shame that Phelps was dropped so quickly after being caught smoking weed . Apparently , being a giant man-slut while married is more acceptable behavior in the eyes of Nike . I know I shouldn't be suprised by this , perhaps they should get Kobe , MJ , and Tiger to do a PSA on the sanctity of marriage ? Eh ? Eh ? 
just 1 more to go ... and then I'm half-way done with this adventure . 
blasting living on a prayer ... but purely for its halfway there qualities 
heading up to phoenix 
hanging around in the bay area 
Wings game in San < PROPFIRST > ... who has two thumbs and is pumped ?!? ... this guy . 
Take the Goo Goo Dolls , add Lady Gaga -- And you have the Lady Goo Goo Gaga Dolls . Brought to you by Baby Gap . 
Robertson and Limbaugh , please just leave . I don't care where you go , just leave and never come back . 
The man who invented speggehti-o's has passed . In his honor , I will be eating nothing but meetball and hot-dog speggehti-o's for the next week . 
already a busy week , why why why 
the library sucks 
I will be watching Olympic hockey during every single spare moment I have for the next couple of weeks , and I am really excited about that . 
naptime 
Can I possibly put into words how excited I am for this hockey line-up today ? No . I can't . 
I am amazed , I am suddenly surrounded by hockey afficionados . 
I feel like I have a pulled hamstring ... in my back . It hurts like hell . I can barely move and I think I'll have to lay in bed for days . But what sucks the most , by far , is that I will miss intramural co-ed softball playoffs . 
If on the off < PROPMALE > that you care ... I threw out my back and can't even make the drive up to the TPC . Do not cry for me , olmpic hockey is amazing . 
\Oh stop being a smartass and go eat your cookies . \ " -KT " 
Woltek Wolski , my favorite player not named Ovechkin or Datsyuk , is now a Coyote . So . Pumped . -- I'll be there on wednesday . 
My girlfriends drivers license is D0 ... 6669777 . Wow . 
is it too late to drop classes ? 
can't go to the coyotes game I have tickets for tonight ... anyone interested in buying them with a little discount ? $25 upper bowl . Should be a good game ... 
Intramural softball championship tonight 8 @ Rincon . Its the only thing keeping me from jumping off a < PROPMALE > because of taking dumb dumb writing classes 
I want to reach into my computer , grab word 2007 , and stab it with an ice pick for 10 hours so it can feel my pain . 
Can we please get a 30 for 30 on Detroit-Colorado ? 
I am somewhat ( very ) embarrassed to admitt this . I Just watched Hooshiers ... for the first time ... ever . 
\note is a four letter word \"" 
Colorado bound with < PROPFEMALE > Trajanovich , < PROPMALE > Koenigsknecht , and < PROPFIRST > Hulslander . Oh yes , it is going to be a goood time . 
back to intramurals , and school I suppose . 
Searching for a third roommate in scottsdale this summer . Anyone ? Anyone ? 
Its the MOST wonderful time ... of the year !!! Go WINGS !!!! 
I pay for NHL Gamecenter . I pay for the NHL network . I pay for Versus . And cannot watch the game ANYWHERE IN TUCSON . All because FSN Arizona thinks a diamondbacks game is a better call . This is now the #1 reason I hate Tucson . 
... thank goodness for Detroit internet radio ... 
Heading up to game 5 because my flipping awesome girlfriend bought us tickets . LETS GO RED WINGS !!! 
Q : What kind of person would if I didn't make the 4 hour round trip to game seven ? A horrible person , thats what kind . Heading up w/ < PROPFEMALE > Trajanovich ... GAME 7 LETS GO RED WINNNGGSSS !!! 
Dreaming about hockey ... and wondering .. If I said \Dreamin aboot hockey eh !? \ " would that be reasonable suspicion under 1070 ? " 
Well I guess I should grab that < PROPMALE > Harwell signed glove I have laying around and frame it . * tear 
So ... sick ... of ethics . 
just jumped on the Habs bandwagon , really , how can you not ? 
done with year #2 ... lets party ? 
1 ) Maybe < PROPMALE > Beck is the anti-christ ? Did you ever think of that < PROPMALE > Beck ? I know I've thought of it ? Have you ? Well ? Have you ? I'm just asking questions . \ 
\ 
2 ) I love the Flyers , because lord knows I can't stand more than 1 boston team being good at anything at the same time . It's obnoxious . 
I've been told that I play and look like Pronger . I don't think there is anything more degrading than that ... 
On a side note , I hate LA . I hate all of you . I hate you all with a burning burning passioin . Burn slow Cali ... burn slow . 
Enjoying my week of summer vacation . 
Finally , after a month long hiatus , I have my computer back ! woooo ! 
At what point did it become okay for Tucker Carlson to comeback on T.V. ? Why ? ... Why ? 
I am eagerly awaiting Thursday morning , not because I am excited , but because I am very , very , curious . 
It feels good to be right . But so much for my exciting Thursday . 
Are you supposed to put in more than 1 day of studying for the MPRE ? Cause if so ... 
The thizzle dance is playing full blast in my head right now ... Can we do the thizzle dance ?? 
Did anyone out there take insurance law with Plitt ? Worth it ? More to the point , worth on at 9 on a Friday ? 
After six years , Arizona now considers me a resident ! 
You know what I am going to do today ? Whatever . I . Want . 
Watching transformers with < PROPFIRST > Strand . I love my life . 
Looking at the number of OCI employers is depressing . Gym . 
Anyone take Con Law II with Spece last year who is looking to shed a textbook ? 
Who has two thumbs and is going to make the 4 hour round trip to Phoenix so he can play in a summer-hockey league championship game ? This guy . But really , its not like I have any other choice I can live with . 
Victory ! 
The over/under on the first costco trip of the school year is $400 . Winner gets nothing ( assuming there are guesses ) . 
I want to make this perfectly clear . All of you who cheer for Ohio State , I hate you . I hate you with a burning passion . I lay awake at night and hope that God strikes the match that finally sets your entire shithole of a state on fire and that it burns slowly . 
Can we be tailgating already ? 
Heading to Tempe . 
Cleaning , like a champion . 
For anyone interested , football will be played at Himmel Park tomorrow at 4 . 
Happy New South Park Day !! AND Happy new hockey season day tomorrow ! 
Allegedly , my last name should be Tsekhanovich ... much easier 
Won an intramural t-shirt , finally . I can now say law school and 6 figures of debt was totally worth it . 
WINGS ! 
Sunday Funday . 
Tucson beer-league hockey . As always , it's a B.Y.O.B. party -- bring your own BOO-YA ! 
I'll be in Vegas , holler . 
Just cleaned out my car , it was like going through a time capsule . The highlights are easily my unpaid parking tickets from ASU and also an ASU pay-stub ( from when I worked at < PROPMALE > Library ... as a sophomore . Yep , that goes back at least 5 years ) . 
can't see his text messages , fyi 
can't see his text messages 
Old man hockey time 
Is in < PROPFIRST > , with < PROPFIRST > Hulslander , holler 
I must say , as far as trash-talking slogans go , \ASWho ? \ " easily takes the cake for lamest phrase in history ... " 
Is it incredibly unfortunate that I have to go to a review session in the hours leading up to the game ? Yes . Will I be wearing my old Sun Devils hockey jersey to class at U of A ? You bet ! Go Gold ! 
ahhhhh , international litigation down , that feels nice 
Best Christmas holidays movie you ask ? Gremlins . Hands down in a landslide . 
I know there is someone out there who will go to the IceCats game with me and sit by my side as I show my ASU pride , where are you someone ?!? 
To all finishing 1l finals in a few hours , just remember , no matter what , get out there and lose some friends 
North < PROPFEMALE > v . Tennessee ... EPIC . 
Thanks for the happy wishes all 
Anybody have and want to sell/let me borrow : Insurance Law : Cases & Materials ( Lexis Nexis , 3rd < PROPMALE > ., 2000 ) 
Anyone take Medical Litigation last year and want to sell their book ? Medical Liability & Treatment Relationships ... 
Not that I have any idea about the differences , but I always felt a little out of place as a Capricorn . Sagittarius sounds much more b.a. 
Sigh ... back to school 
Why is it that I don't even have to hear that horrendously whiny < PROPMALE > Mars song to have it stuck in my head ? 
Coachella , bought . Warrior Dash , registered . Vegas , booked . Ahhhh , I feel good 
Off to Vegas 
evaluating my character and fitness 
Dear Never Ending Set of Trucks Loading and Unloading In My Backyard Since Nine , \ 
Please stop . \ 
Thanks , \ 
-Management\ 
P.S. -- I don't recall construction on Ft . < PROPMALE > & Mountain anymore . 
As I pour through the bible , and listen to Rush like a good Christian should , I am still trying to find the part where collective bargaining is the way of the Devil . \ 
I am also looking for the part that says teachers are greedy , and it is the wealthy who need breaks . 
hr derby 
Work all day , sleep all night , we are the underpants gnomes 
Just finished the brushfire inferno wing challenge , easily the most difficult eating feat I've ever done . And now , I have this cool bib and a lifetime discount . Score . 
