Biology homework sucks . I'm forcing myself to finish it tonight ... or is it this morning ? 

I'm so excited . And I just can't hide it ! :D lol 
Loves the new All Time Low CD , I'm glad I decided to splurge 
My little brother just asked me how to put in a VHS . I can't believe it . Of all things to ask its how to use the VCR .... wow 
Grr , school starts on monday ... I'm definitely not looking forward to that . 
Owie ! Dropped a five shelf bookcase on her toe ! 
Life is like a hallway with an invisible wall at the end . you're just gonna run into it unexpectedly . 
No work today so I'm home . :D 
I got my permit !!!!! YAYAYAAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY ! tee < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
I made some good spaghetti 
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
RAWR ! I ish bored 
I hate Pre-cal ! 
My soup tastes funny . :P 
Two new pics yay ! But , my back hurts sadness . 
Ughhhhhhhhhhhhh my back hurts . Sniff sniff 
needs some pain killers , back still hurts and I'm stuck babysitting ;( 
My back still hurts so I stayed home today , didn't get any sleep last night and have very little mobility from the soreness . 
My back is so sore I can hardly move it . 
My hand is sore from sharpening pencils all day long . And my back is starting to get better ! YAY 
PENGUINS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ha ha , gotta love ' em ! :D 
has only eaten bagels and that was this morning a around 6:45 
I miss < PROPMALE > , ( my < PROPMALE > , not < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPMALE > ) I can't wait to se him again ! 
I miss < PROPMALE > Mills , ( my < PROPMALE > , not < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPMALE > Farias ) I can't wait to see him again ! <3 
I'm soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo hungry ......... I need some good food , but we don't have any . rawr 
mmmmm French Vanilla cappuccino is nice and hot though 
Ugh , I hate Brit . Lit . its one of the most annoying classes , and now we have to write an essay on Anglo-Saxon culture and Beowulf comparing them in the epic and in history . 
Ugh , my brother(David , the little one ) doesn't want to clean so we called my mom and now he refuses . Oh well , his loss . Listenin ' to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > . :D Missin ' him . 
Ahh , ironing is so much fun ! 
Ugh , I want to punch him in the face ! 
Stupid mosquito flew down my top . 
Is gonna walk < PROPFEMALE > WOOO 
Well I more like ran < PROPFEMALE > . lol 
feels sick ........ 
Ugh , I have tons of homework and a massive headache and I don't feel good at all . 
Someone send me what we had for homework please . 
I need the homework assignments for tonight . 
UGH ! We are out of milk and I wanted to eat some cereal ! * sniff 
I'm gonna get a dairy cow so I never have to worry about running out of milk again when I'm all excited about eating my marshmallow mateys ever again 
Dad ate my pop-tarts , he has his chocolate ones , and everybody in my family just seems to conveniently forget that I'm allergic to chocolate and the strawberry ones are for me 
Just got WE The Kings CD 
Why is it that every time I say or do something he has to criticize me and make me feel like I'm not good enough ? Its not fair I give it my best everyday and try to be as perfect as possible but it never seems to be enough . 
Its lonely nights like this I wish I was in your arms 
I think I'm gonna jett and do homework , ugh 
Ugh , allergies are driving me up the wall and out the window ! Plus I'm trying to finish a paper . 
Awww , my brother is wearing an apron with a < PROPFEMALE > rabbit on it , he looks so cute !!!!!!! 
ugh , I have a headache . grrr . 
I need to get out of the house . Somebody save me ! 
Gonna jett , tired , and I gotta help my bro with his campaign for V.P. of Clearfork . WOOT WOOT ! GO < PROPFIRST > ! 
Mmmm , I love orange juice . :D 
Needs to find a bassist !!!!! 
I fixed my iPod !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY ! 
Sent in my first college application , I should get a reply within two weeks ! AH I'm so nervous ! 
facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down together & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU actually try it , it really works ! It actually works im not even kidding TRY IT !!!! 
Ugh this craziness is getting to me slowly . I'm kinda ' lost right now , but I'll find my way back soon . I want life to be easy but so do a lot of people , oh well the only thing to do is grin and bear it . I'll be back soon . 
Why does everything have to be so confusing ? Ugh , my back hurts a lot . 
Fun Dip is yummy !!!!!!! 
Will be selling Girl Scout Cookies in January !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Apparently my pants are lonely ...... < PROPFIRST > said that he can talk to pants and that they said that they are lonely ...... O.o ' 
Ahh , a nice refreshing strawberry banana and peanut-butter smoothie is all need after a sleepy day . 
Just sent in her second college application , UTSA , I hope I make it . :D 
off to bed , looong day 
JUST GOT ACCEPTED TO ST . MARY'S UNIVERSITY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Oh boy , I'm afraid I've just lost the game . D: 
My fb was hacked , don't click on the links that were sent to you . 
I made myself some te de manzanilla ( chamomile tea ) case I don't feel good . :/ My stomach is all icky , and I'm lightheaded and dizzy . :( 
I HATE BIOLOGY !!!!!!!!!! UGH ! 
JUST GOT ACCEPTED TO THE SCHOOL SHE REALLY WANTS TO GO TO !!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY ! I'm going to UTSA , baby ! 
I wish that people would stop trying to make me have something new or wrong going on in my life . If there is something going on I'll tell you . Don't second guess me on my answers about what's going with my life . I think that I'm sure if there is something new or bad happening to me so when I tell you nothing is going on then nothing is going on ! 
I am hungry again , I ate dinner about two hours ago . Weird . 
Switched her language upside down ! 
You're an exception to the rules . You're a bonafied rarity . You're all I ever wanted . Southern girl , could you want me ? 
Finally got home , but had a great time at Borders . I wish I could have bought the book though . 
Feels so alone in this big world . How can it be that with so many people on this place we call earth people can still feel abandoned and alone ? I need a good friend right now , but I don't feel that I can be with any of my friends . Ugh . :( 
A Very Potter Musical is hilarious ! 
GOt my hair cut and is going home tomorrow morning ! 
gotsa baby named < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Can't wait to see what next year has in store for me . Right now I'm gonna go watch some yarn . :D haha . 
hmmmmmmmmmm 
Today at the movie theater I work at some twilight obsessed girl asked me what team I was on . I told her team frodo . She looked at me utterly confused and backed away slowly . MLIA XD I <3 Lord Of The Rings ! 
Eww , < PROPMALE > de Uvas is so gross ! I wish I didn't have heartburn ! Bleck ! :P 
Got the Presidential Award from St. < PROPFIRST>'s University for $ 40,000 !!! I'm so excited !! 
Just got back from the movies and saw Blind Side , that is one amazing movie ! 
Is uber bored and tired of cleaning . I need to get out of the house to do something but I have nothing to do . Hopefully I'll have my room clean by 3 so I can go somewhere . 
Hmm , so much to do , but so little time to do it in . I've been thinking , and I've come to a conclusion because of a paper I printed out a long time ago that I found lying on the floor of my room . My conclusion you ask ? I need to keep thinking . 
Is sick , has a stuffy nose , feels like jell-o , and feels like her head is about to fall off . :( 
Needs more sleep . I got 16 and a half hours but I still feel really tired and like I need more sleep . I don't think that this is just allergies . I'm still really light headed , and feel like jello . :( 
Ugh , some really good bands are coming to < PROPFIRST > next month but I can't go because of the venue they are playing . It sucks . :( 
I think I'm gonna go to bed . I'm so so so so tired . Pro-life Rally rocked ! 
Hey , guess what ! I'm selling cookies , and you should buy them from me . Wanna know why ? I'm gonna tell you anyways ! Cause I need to sell all of them quickly . Message me if you want some , and I'll let you know what I have . :D 
Hey , guess what ! I'm selling Girl Scout Cookies , and you should buy them from me . Wanna know why ? I'm gonna tell you anyways ! Cause I need to sell all of them quickly . Message me if you want some , and I'll let you know what I have . :D 
Duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuude , I'm uber tired ! DCYC tomorrow !!!!!!!! Hey , guess what ! I'm * still selling Girl Scout Cookies * and you should buy them from me . Wanna know why ? I'm gonna tell you anyways ! Cause I need to sell all of them quickly . Message me if you want some , and I'll let you know what I have . :D 
Ahh , finally back home . DCYC was amazing as usual , I'm tired though . Still selling Girl Scout Cookies , but I'm all out of Thin Mints . 
Ugh , pain is evil , evil I tell you , evil . Bleck my back and knee hurt reeeaaallllyy bad . :( 
Quick , look up these songs then tell me which one you like the best !! The winner will be the one I sing for the talent show . :) 1)Candles -Hey Monday 2)How You Love Me Now -Hey Monday 3)Sleeping With Giants -The Academy Is ... 4)Thinking of You - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 5)Skyway Avenue -We The Kings 6)Take My Hand -Soundwave ( can be found on their myspace ) 
Had an odd nightmare like dream last night . It was so weird ! Oh well . He , vote on which song I should sing , I've narrowed it down to two . 1)Candles -Hey Monday 2)Sleeping With Giants -The Academy Is ... 
I have a headache , I'm hungry , have homework that needs to be done , I need to find sheet music for a song , and I feel very overwhelmed . God , please help me . 
Sleep sounds really , really good right about now . 
I have a feeling that the hiccups are out to get me :/ 
Babysitting < PROPFIRST > tonight . This should be interesting , I've got home work need to clean , and I'm gonna be watching my 9 year old brother . What fun . It actually is kinda ' fun babysitting him . :) 
I MISS < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!! Ugh , I need sleep , and I need to pack . 
Just got home from St. < PROPFIRST>'s had fun 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
Cash Cash , awesome band . So funny . 
Should I get my hair cut again ? I want to do it the same way I had it a few months ago . I'll switch my picture to that one . :D Comment your answer please . 
I'm so sleepy and have so much homework left to do ! Ugh , why must we have to do homework ? :( Oh well , I've got music to accompany me for now . :) 
I've decided that I have mean friends . :( lol , jk 
Clarification on my last status , I've decided that quite a few of my friends are mean , but I still love ' em . 
Needs to do her biology homework . :( 
? IN MEMORY of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never met , or held in our arms . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of the angel we never got to meet . ? 
I'm tired of being the only one in the house that takes care of < PROPFEMALE > . I love her to death , but it gets so annoying when I'm trying to do homework and they tell me to take care of the dog . 
Mom says I need to work on my friend skills that way I could not be all upset and stuff . 
I'm off to bed , my allergies are a huge pain in the arse . 
Hmm , well I've established that my little brother sys the darndest things . Last night we were all sitting around the dinner table talking about an actor who looks like Magneto and he casually says . \Who is Magneto ? \ " I couldn't believe my ears . " 
Watching 101 Dalmatians ( original cartoon ) I love this movie . :) 
Happy Easter ! :D 
Does anybody want a superhero themed bracelet or anklet ? Just tell me the colors , or super hero and the measurements of your wrist or ankle if you do . 
I've never gotten the point of this --------> :3 face . It looks sad , not happy . Hmmmmm . 
\oh bugga\ " Cap . < PROPFIRST > Sparrow POTC 3 " 
Ugh , I'm tired . Not looking foward to work tomorrow , well kinda ' I get to talk to < PROPFEMALE > . Bishop's < PROPFEMALE > on Friday . 
Yay ! I have a prom date ! :D 
Home from he < PROPFEMALE > . I had fun tonight , it was very interesting . So glad to get into pjs though . I'm tired . I'm gonna head to bed , g'night all . 
Still so sleepy . Must . Get . More . Sleep . G'niht . 
I'm soooooooooo tired !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I don't know how I can still be tired after 14 hours of sleep yesterday . My body feels like a ton of bricks I'm so tired ! 
Thank you God for giving me victory in Jesus Christ . In my daily struggles with sin , please make his will triumphantly present in me now , just as it will be when he raises me from death and brings me home to you . Through my Triumphant < PROPMALE > I ask it . Amen . 
Its time for ............................... MIGHTY MORPHIN ' POWER RANGERS the movie 
I hate when my dad takes my laptop on nights I need it to finish writing a paper . Oh well , it's his fault its getting turned in on notebook paper and isn't typed . This comp doesn't have word . :/ 
I got burned . :/ < *Myssa ! * > 
School is almost over ! 
Prom dress is almost done !!!!! 
Is really freaking confused !!!!!! 
Had a great time at prom last night . One of the best dances I've been to in a while . School tomorrow , I can't wait to graduate ! 
Finished one of the Theology papers , gonna write the other one in class tomorrow . G'night . 
Doesn't understand why people get so riled up over the smallest things . I know I'm not the poster child for being rational , but it seems like everyone is at their wits end tonight . Why can't we just learn to accept sympathy for what it is , and leave things be ? Oh well I'll keep my < PROPFEMALE > up . 
Had a great evening with < PROPFIRST > and Gabi ! <3 
Someone invite me to do something , I'm so bored and need to get out of the house ! 
Applying for a job ! :D 
Most definitely did not enjoy walking home from my friends ' graduation 
\It's my life and I'm not sitting on the sidelines watching it pass me by . \ " ~ Katy < PROPFIRST > -Fingerprints " 
Yay , Grandma and Grandpa are here ! 
Wow , work is a little crazy , but I love it . 
Its the attack of the hiccup monster ! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! * hiccup * \ 
\I'll save you Marivel\ " - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Cudzilo " 
My shoulder is killing me ! 
Well I feel dumb . < *Myssa ! * > 
So my little brother has suddenly taken an interest in rapping , its hilarious ! I'm trying to read and all I hear is \If she had a little dough . \"" 
I think its so great that people will give meaningless apologies to each other just to feel good about themselves , then go back to doing what they had to ' apologize ' for in the first place . 
I've found four bruises and I have no clue as to how I got them . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Chapman :D great songs <3 
Is now officially a student at St < PROPFIRST>'s University ! Woo hoo , go me ! 
\David he said his back not his legs \"- Me \ " But your spine splits into two when it gets to your legs ! \"- David\ 
My poor crayons !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
RAWRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! tee < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm so bored , and I need to get out of the house . 
I barbecued for the first time today and it was a total success ; everyone who was over loved the food . Plus I also made jalapeno poppers for the first time and they came out amazing , but we still have a bunch of food left over . 
I think I'm gonna cry ; I just started packing so I have everything ready for when I have to move into my dorm next month . 
My little brother has again asked me how to put a VHS into the VCR ... Oh wow . 
I realize that I find myself more important than I actually am ; I need to get back down to my roots and go back to Mexico again . Too bad it's not safe to go right now . What I need is a vacation from myself so that I can learn to put others before me rather than only thinking of myself . 
Installing an AC window unit in the rain , not in my original plans for the weekend but oh well . \ 
I think we may just wait it out . 
The AC has been installed , and I don't feel well . :( 
Why does everyone have to be so tall ?! 
just got a shot in the arm . It feels weird . 
I'm hungry . 
waking up with migraines sucks . It put me two hours behind schedual . :/ 
I got my Ninja Turtles bed sheets !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Ugh , I have hiccups !!!!! 
I can't sleep . :/ 
I've been misspelling words left and right tonight . Lord , help me . 
I got my room assignment today ! 
Watch my video , its funny . :) 
Who knows me best ? Full name . Age . Birthday . Eye color . My Best Friend . Nickname . Copythis as your status to see how well people know you :D 
While I was driving home from < PROPFIRST>'s swimming lessons he looks to my mom and says , \I need more boxers . \ " My mom says . \ " What happened to them they must be with all of you sock . \ " What does < PROPFIRST > say to this you ask ? \ " I ate them . \"" 
I fell .... now my bottom hurts . :( 
\Take me home . I don't wanna dance . But you won't take me home . \ " I don't Wanna Dance ~ Hey Monday " 
< PROPFIRST>'s quote of the day : \Always wear a lifeguard ! \"" 
Haha , nothing like wrestling with my brother . That was fun , I couldn't stop laughing ! :D 
Ahh , just got done running . I feel good . :D 
I had to rinse my eye out with milk ; why , you ask . I rubbed it after I cut jalapenos . It burned a lot , don't do what I did . 
Walking hurts , and I can't even spell my own name . I took me forever to write this with no mistakes . 
ahh , I'm home . :) 
I have a headache . :/ 
My brother and I are home by ourselves without any means of transportation and he just asked me if I was still here . I don't see how that works . 
My tummy is making funny noises , and I just fed it . Make it stop , ahh ! 
\Call me beep me if you wanna reach me ; if you < PROPFEMALE > me that's okay . \ " Haha < PROPFIRST > Possible is stuck in my head . " 
Well that was interesting to say the least . Hahaha . If you ever need someone to put seats back into a < PROPFIRST > don't as me , it ends in me calling < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and him laughing at me while I do all the work . Haha .. Thanks though . 
I stabbed myself with a pair of scissors , and it hurts a lot ! Quick , someone kiss it and make it better ! :( 
Last night was fun , although I think I may have proved that I'm more of a blonde than I perviously thought I was . 
I'm gonna go running . Anyone care to join me ? I don't feel like going alone . Text me if you wanna come . 
I ran 2.17 < PROPMALE > in 20 minutes today . Its not bad considering I haven't run in a month . 
So I cook dinner for everyone but myself , because there were only three fish fillets left in the packet . My dad comes home and tells me that he wishes that he would love to come home to a clean kitchen every once in a while yet he hasn't even eaten his dinner because he decided to eat pie instead . I don't understand it . 
Ugh , I gotta clean but I don't wanna . 
Ahhhh , I'm home . :) 
\They can't break up they have a beautiful love . \ " ( hugs < PROPFEMALE > ) \ " Uhhh . \ " \ " They have a mieraiakrkaekl love\ " \ " What ? \ " \ " They have a miraculous love\ " < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . hahaha :) " 
Sooooooo bored !!!!!!! 
\Ahh 
Mmmm , pretzels for dinner . 
I was watching < PROPFEMALE>'s Most Wanted today and saw that the victim of an unsolved murder looks exactly like me . I'm freaked out to say the least , but this may explain the nightmares I have . 
\Don't listen to the voices in your head : love will never ever ever let us fall apart . You gotta listen to your heart . \ " -Listen to Your Heart ; The Maine ; Black & White <3 " 
I'm bored . 
what's a chickenduck ? 
\We can't beat the plaque monster like this we need toothbrush power ! \ " * all throw in a tooth brush * \ " How dare you Scour Rangers ! \"" 
Well that wasn't awkward . 
\I love how you laugh at the computer screen . \ " -Jess\ 
and they say that somtime I wake up mad at the world . 
\I have never tasted a purple grape in my life ..... besides blueberries . \ " < PROPFIRST > " 
Well , I move out tomorrow morning . 
is officially moved in and on her own . 
First day of classes for me . My first Class doesn't start until 11:10 so I don't have to be there for a while , but I figured I might as well start the day off early . \ 
Send Home Addresses so I can write to you . :) 
I got the stupid hiccups again . :/ Going to the health center after bio to get my prescription ....... woo hoo . ( sarcasm ) 
I no longer have the hiccups , but I only have six pills ..................... Uh-ohs this isn't good . :/ 
I'm a proud mother of Sea Monkeys !!!!! :D So is Miranada !!!!! YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why am I so sleepy ? 
Why do people have to be so annoying ? :/ 
Had a great weekend at home . Now to finish with all of my homework .... fun . 
I like it on the floor . 
is kinda mad . 
is getting ready for a long day . 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding . Help make a difference 
Octoberis cancer month . In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer , and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour or more if you love someone who has , or had cancer . 
Soooooooooooooo bored . I still have work for another three hours . 
Just finished the P90X Yoga disc , I feel good now . :) 
I have work in a little bit . Had fun dancing with < PROPFEMALE > Carrillo , Jesus < PROPMALE > , and Arash Khozein last night ! :D 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2 . The color you remind me of 3 . First memory I have of you . 4 . Ask you a question I have always wonderedbout you 5 . Animal you remind me of 6 . My favorite thing bout you 7 ....... Dare you to post this ! 
I'm so tired !!!!!!!!!! 
I finished !!!!!!!! :D 
I am out of the kitchen , and I am feeling unimportant . 
Work in thirty minutes . Almost done getting < PROPMALE > moved in and settled . :D 
I lost my phone . :/ 
So , who wants to walk me back from work tonight at midnight ? I would normally text or call someone , but I happened to have lost my phone . Any volunteers ? 
Guess what I woke up to this morning , not my alarm that's for sure , which caused me to miss class . Great . :/ 
Bad day .... great , just what I need . 
Just registered for classes . :D 
Gonna finish up with my laundry and clean my room then pack up to go home ! :D 
i feel like i want to dance with ........... spark spark boomman 
i've always wanted to be a ......... cow 
also ive wanted to make out with a lama and swallow cow spit 
Sorry if the last two posts made people upset I got ' hacked ' . 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for anamount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste ...... this as ... your status if you are a ...... Veteran , know a Veteran , Love a Veteran or support the Troops 
I finished ! YAY ! And it was before the deadline I set for myself . :D 
Nothing is gonna stop me from playing in the StMU World Cup on Saturday .... we just gotta get a few things cleared up first is all . 
Well , people running the World Cup lost my paper work , and now I can't play tomorrow . Grrrr . 
You and i wake up in jail together ... Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours ! -fair is fair- play along ! 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN !! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see ... how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this & not care about offending someone ! 
I have a burn on my stomach from the battery on my computer ..... it's huge ! 
What's on your mind ? Atthe request of a facebook friend - We are asking everyone to say aprayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion 5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistan and have lost 9 Marines in 4days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BE NICE TO SEE IT ON EVERYONE'S blog " 
Finally home for more than a day and two nights ! :D 
Having a mini-freak out right now . I need to calm down . What should I do ? 
Oh my , that was embarrassing . 
I'm soooooooooo hungry !!!!!!!!!! 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . 
Gonna shower then finish homework . If you need anything text me . 
FInished earlier than expected now its off to bed ! :D 
So , I don't get why the dumb little girl who followed the dog didn't get kidnapped , but the one that wanted to go straight home did . Gotta love Law & Order SVU 
\Girls do what they want ; Boys do what they can . \ " Girls Do What They Want ~ The Maine " 
My head hurts and my ears are ringing at a very high frequency ... something doesn't feel right . 
Attention If you have a cartoon picture as your Profile Picture ; remove it because its a group of pedophiles that made it up . They're doing it because kids will accept their friend requests faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with the fight against child violence . It was on the TV show that warns you about internet frauds(Snoops)&tonights news . Set this as your status to ignite the FB fire . 
I miss my doggie !!!!!! 
This really isn't helping my headache out much 
\I didn't know that pickles came from cucumbers ! \ " ~ Wall-e \ 
Does someone want to read my bio paper and tell me what I need to fix on it before I submit it through Safeassign ? 
I have just baout every All Time Low song stuck in my head since last night ..... odd thing is its only certain verses . :D 
Well , I don't have tests again until Thursday . I have a good feeling about the math final I took today though . :D 
Just randomly woke up after getting a few hours of sleep , and now I can't sleep anymore and my head hurts worse . What's up with that ? 
I sound like I'm dying . I can barely talk ! Nooooo ! 
Scarves , yay ! 
I would much rather be making scarves than studying for bio . 
I look like < PROPMALE > the Red Nosed Reindeer . :/ My nose hurts . 
Is home . Gonna leave again on Tuesday . My cough is hurting me . 
I do believe that I am the only person in the world capable of burning herself with an unlit match . :/ 
I'm gonna go running .... I need to clear my head , too frustrated right now . 
Communication and Science disorders .... hmm . I'll have to think about it . If I say yes I'll have to leave StMU and choose between Texas State and A&M Kingsville . 
No more blonde ! 
Had a stressful day , I'm off to bed . 
Umm yeah . 
Ughhhh . 
My goodness , this is the third headache I've had in the passed week and I can't take anything for it besides ibuprofen . :/ Bleh 
Owwieee ! I got face-wash in my eye . 
Got back from a photo shoot with < PROPFEMALE > . All I can say is that we had some good laughs and she took some great photos ! :D 
Bad thoughts can't sleep . :/ 
I want a hedgehog ! I'll name him Sonic . :D 
Running makes me feel happy . :D 
Giddy ; feel excited to the point of disorientation . :D 
Piquant : having a lively arch charm 
You know , I've got other responsibilities to attend to while I'm here , not just clean the kitchen all of the time . Don't get so upset with me when I'm cleaning my room and packing my belongings so that someone else who is visiting can stay in there I and I have to sleep on the couch . 
Lower back hurts , so much . :/ 
I apologize once more for never having been the perfect daughter . I don't know why I would want to leave during the summer and spend time with my cousin . 
I forgot half of my laptop charger and printer ink at home . :/ 
I FOUND IT !!!!!! :D 
Soooooo sleepy . 
Homework ---------------------> Grr . 
I'm wearing < PROPFEMALE > pjs ! YAYAYAYYAAAYYAYAYAAYYYYYYYYY !!!!!! 
Very much dislikes having to write speeches about herself . Give her a topic that she finds interesting and she would have no problem coming up with a killer speech . 
Most depressing speech I have ever written . :/ 
I got a 90 on my first math pop quiz !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
I'm so tired , and I've still got a math test to take . Gotta get to studying ! :P 
Still so tired , and I've still got more homework to do ..... :( 
FInished my < PROPMALE > ; now I just gotta wait for class to start . 
Hahaha , Uncle < PROPFIRST > I love you ! :) 
I have a headache . Blah . 
Needs the charger to her phone .......... 
I don't mind people who don't have the same religious views as me , nor do I try to force my religion on them , but when you start calling Jesus Christ the first \troll\ " to be recorded in history you've crossed a line . And then once I say \ " excuse me\ " I do not mean for you to continue your Atheistic rant and continue to insult me and my religion . " 
I need some Aveeno .... my face hurts . 
I enjoy doing yoga in the mornings . Its very relaxing . :) 
wakka wakka wakka 
is at lunch with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > 
OH NOES MY NOSE IS RUNNZING ! 
I feel sick ... still . Gonna finish homework then go to bed . 
is sick . :( 
JANSEN LLOYD ! \ 
I HAVE STOLEN YOUR TOOTHPASTE !!!! \ 
BWAAAAAAAHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Meh . 
I'm gonna miss her ; I already do . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , Rest In Peace . 
I have a headache . :( 
I need/want to get my hair cut . 
Got the basic information for my paper done . This shouldn't be too hard to do . 
Every time I rub my face I remember that it is indeed Ash Wednesday . God Bless . :) 
< PROPMALE > in two hours then work ! 
Gonna be on my way to the Valley in a few minutes ! YAY ! I get to see Wela and Tati ! :D 
I've been in a sad sour mood all day . I think that a bubble-bath , mug of hot tea , and sleep are in order . 
\Somebody get my phone \ 
Ugh , its freezing in here !!!!! 
Does anyone want to bring me my sandwich .............. Pretty please ! 
< PROPFEMALE > . ;) 
D:< \ 
FRUSTRATION !!! \ 
GRRRRR !!!!! 
I fixed everything ! YAY ! :D 
My head hurts . :( 
I am so blessed . :) 
This is an amazing salad . :D 
And I was right yet again . 
Today is going to be a better day than yesterday , but not as great as tomorrow . 
Okay . Done with classes and I'm ready to be going home . It'll be a nice change of scenery for a couple of days . 
I never realized how much I missed Chisholm Trail BBQ 
I feel pretty . This is the prettiest I've ever felt . With exception for my Quinceañera . 
I'll admit , my mind reels more at night than it does during the day because I have no distractions . 
At least I can say I had fun . 
Cut my toe open on one of those stupid fences outside of the AACC . :( 
Just finished the last episode of Scrubs . It was amazing ! 
I need help with my math . Any takers ? 
I think I figured out why I like X-Files so much . < PROPFIRST > Duchovny and I have the same brithday . Go figure . 
Praying that I passed my Math Test . 
I have become bored with my own life . It is quite mundane . 
