Update . Alysson is now able to sit up on her own for a little while . She can also bend her right fingers , and straighten them out halfway . She'll be getting out of the hospital soon , and moving to a convalescent home for rehabilitation . 

Update ! Alysson is being moved from the hospital to one of the best rehabilitation centers in the country . It's times like this that I'm grateful that I live in the Los < PROPFEMALE > area . Thank you all for your prayers and well wishes . < PROPFIRST > 
So Alysson had her first day of physical therapy today . She completely impressed everyone . She walked up and down about 5 stairs today ! Kick Ass ! 
Hey Everyone , it's < PROPFIRST > again . I am now taking a new tact . Alysson is uninsured , if anyone is interested or willing to contribute to her medical bills it would be greatly appreciated . If you are interested please contact me . I'm in her friend's list u 
Okay , so I have set up two ways you can make contributions to Alysson's medical bills if you are willing . I have setup a paypal account you can send money either to ericarndt1976@yahoo.com or 8189190490 . Also if you'd rather send a check or money order 
Okay , so I have set up two ways you can make contributions to Alysson's medical bills if you are willing . I have setup a paypal account you can send money either to ericarndt1976@yahoo.com or 8189190490 . Also if you'd rather send a check or money order pl 
Ladies and gentlemen , Alysson is home from the hospital . She'll be signing into facebook for herself every so often . But she probably won't be typing much . She wants to thank those of you who have contribited to her rising expenses . 
thinks that < PROPFIRST > Swayze was tremendously underrated during his lifetime and hopes that he'll get some well-deserved recognition posthumously . R.I.P. and we'll make today a Say Something Hat day ! 
is thankful that she doesn't have to eat hospital food for Thanksgiving ! 
Yay ! The internet is back ! Thank you ( belatedly , thanks to my idiot roommate , whose neglect of the cable < PROPMALE > led directly to the lack of internet ) for all the birthday wishes from everyone ! * smile * 
Christmas is all set up ... now for a nap before the munchkin wakes ! 
Whoever decided there should be 12 days of Christmas CLEARLY had neither parents nor children ... 
Happy New Year 2011 ! 
2011 is off to a great start ... the Space Truffle is back ! An almost perfect New Year's Evenight ! Happy New Year !!! * smile * 
I ran over my mobile phone on your car because I'm sexy and I do what I want . 
is very irritated with Charter ... now i have to HUNT for everything because they decided to change all the channels ... WTF ?!? * grrr * 
Apparently it's Doppelganger Week ... and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > is the only famous person i've been consistently compared to ( my apologies to her ; i only wish i looked that good ! ) by people who weren't trying to have their way with me ! LOL 
is giving up pretending she's < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for Lent ... LOL 
REALLY hates switching over to a new phone ...! 
A reminder TO MY NON-GAME-PLAYING FRIENDS & FAMILY : I play games that generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . If you don't want to see these , move your cursor over the game message and the word \Hide\ " will appear . Click on \ " Hide\ " for the game name - and not me ! - Future messages from THAT GAME ONLY will be hidden on your wall ! Thanks ! * smile * " 
So it finally happened ... Orion took the safety scissors and \snipped\ " his bangs ... he looks like he lost a bet ! * sigh * " 
TO MY NON-GAME-PLAYING FRIENDS : I play games that generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . If you don't want to see these , move your cursor over the game message and the word \Hide\ " will appear . Click on \ " Hide\ " for the game name - not me ! - Future messages from THAT GAME ONLY will be hidden on your wall ! Thanks ! " 
I guess this bears A LOT of repeating ... TO MY NON-GAME-PLAYING FRIENDS : I play games that generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . If you don't want to see these , move your cursor over the game message and the word \Hide\ " will appear . Click on \ " Hide\ " for the game name - not me ! - Future messages from THAT GAME ONLY will be hidden on your wall ! Thanks ! " 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? ( i KNOW i don't! LOL ) Well , here's a task for you : I want everyone on my friends list to comment on this status stating how we met . I mean our first encounter ever . Then repost this as your own status and see what kind of results you get . This should be all kinds of funny ! 
I'LL ADMIT I'M A HANDFUL . Unfortunately , most women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am out of control and , at times , I'm hard to handle—but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . That's why it takes a REAL man to be able to put up with me ( or KEEP up with me , for that matter ! ) Repost if you're WOMAN enough ... or just that FABULOUS ! LOL 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . When you were born , I saw your face and knew I was in love . Before you were an hour old , I knew I would die for you . To this day I will . Mother's Day is approaching . Repost this ifyou have children you love more than life .? · ? • ???????????? • 
Don't SCREAM at your partner ; there's someone else wishing they could whisper in their ear . Don't HUMILIATE and INSULT your partner ; there's someone else flirting with them , reminding them how wonderful they are . Don't HURT your partner ; there's someone else wishing they could make love to them . Don't make your partner CRY ; there's someone else stealing smiles from them . Post this if you're against DOMESTIC VIOLENCE . 
doesn't know whether to go to sleep and risk being late for court or just to stay up ... or , for that what , if anything , to have for dinner ... stomach in knots is NOT my favorite feeling ... 
is sick of the evil roommate who won't leave ... and now there's ANOTHER restraining order hearing in July to look forward to ... grrrrrrr ... 
ATTENTION : Before you click publish for any post , you need to click that little lock that is to the left of publish and select everyone or friends . FB has changed all posts to automatically post to yourself only - you need to select friends or everyone . Otherwise no one else will see your post ,... even if they go to your wall . Please let everyone know AND IT LOOKS LIKE YOU HAVE TO DO THIS ON EVERY POST ! 
??????????????? If you support our troops , please post this on your status and leave it there for at least one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!! This should appear in every status . Please do this for the ones that make this the Home of the Free because of the Brave !!!! ??????????????? 
Countdown to Cinderella ... that which does not kill us makes us stronger , right ??? LOL 
< PROPFEMALE > is done ... now onward to kindergarten graduation ! * either a smile or a sob , depending on my mood * 
The last day of kindergarten ... and then graduation in the morning ... where did the time go ? * smilesob * 
My Boo is graduating from kindergarten today ... and i'm gonna be the proudest Mommy in the universe ... also the biggest sobbing mess ... LOL 
Orion is an official ( albeit exhausted ! ) \grader\ " now ... woohoo ! =oD " 
Orion ... you've just been promoted from Kindergarten to first grade . What are you going to do now ? We're going to Disneyland ! ( only i haven't told him yet ! LOL ) 
REALLY wants frozen yogurt ... or sorbet ... both of which are sorely lacking from the local 7-11 ... * sigh * 
just found out her evil roommate has been going through her bedroom despite the T.R.O. against him ... maybe now i can get the judge to make it permanent ??? 
had a surprisingly good time at her 20th ... or the SMMS 24th ! LMAO Great to see everyone ... gotta keep in touch better ! 
is going to take her \face jerky\ " to bed now ... so she can quit peeling it ! Nighty night ... LOL " 
hates peeling ... REALLY hates peeling ... looks like the mummy's curse or something ! * shudder * 
Orion went to his first kids ' birthday party yesterday ... and had a mini-kindergarten-reunion ... a good time was had by all ... except my forehead , which burned again ... LOL 
True friends don't care if you're broke , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies .... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods without speaking and yet never question the friendship ... Repost if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ... They will know who they are :-) 
Must relinquish the computer and try to get a LITTLE sleep before court ... keep your fingers crossed that the third time will be the charm and they'll finally make the temporary restraining order against my psycho roommate PERMANENT this time !? i mean seriously ? This has been going on since JANUARY ! Okay ... naptime for me ... 
Another day in court ; another freaking extension ! * sigh * At least this time it's only ten days , and the judge pro tem put a note in the file that , if he can't show he's moved out , the permanent restraining order is granted on its merits ... dare i hope that the end of this saga is in sight ??? 
Another birthday party day for Orion ... i think i know where we're going and how to get there and the presents are wrapped ... now for a little sleep before the adventure begins ! * smile * 
90% < PROPMALE > of Disneyland tonight ... wow , birthday party , gallery opening and show yesterday ; Disneyland tonight , lunch tomorrow ... it's being a pretty damn good weekend ! * smile * 
saw Smokey Robinson in concert tonight , and is now MUCH more of a Smokey Robinson fan than she was previously ! Orion \loved the music\ " and \ " had an awesome time ! \"" 
is heading out to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > with Orion to see The Beach Boys ... what a musical education this boy is getting this summer ! * smile * 
The Beach Boys sounded pretty good ( and all concerts are fun with Orion ! ) < PROPFIRST > Stamos was performing with them ( on his birthday , no less ) as were < PROPFIRST > Love's kids , and Orion found two dance partners ... all in all , a successful concert ! * smile * 
Went to a company picnic today ... Orion had a blast ... i , on the other hand , sunburned again ... THROUGH my SPF 55 sunblock ! Woohoo ! Go me ! ( i had fun anyway , but GEEZ !!! LOL ) 
Bosco is on his way home from the vet ... lot of tests and bloodwork ( he's 114 in cat years , after all ! ) but at least they didn't put him down like we were afraid they'd have to ! So the score is Death : Zero , Bosco : 8 Lives ! =oD 
Orion's tooth came out ! ( He already lost the two bottom front teeth , but this is his first top tooth ... ) He looks so cute ... and i DIDN'T cry this time ! * smile * 
And back to Torrance Memorial ... my mom must really love it there ! Now to reassure the six-year-old ! * sigh * 
Orion thoroughly enjoyed his first day of first grade ... he loves both his teachers , got a hug from his principal , and stopped in to see Ms. < PROPFIRST > ( his kindergarten teacher ) for good measure ... then a quick trip to the park and on to ballet ... methinks he'll sleep well tonight ! LOL 
To bed ! Tomorrow starts too early and , once i've gotten Orion to school , i get to deal with Day 2 of the Plumbing Chronicles : The Flood That WAS The 20-Year-Old Water Heater ... no rest for the wicked ! * sigh * 
You should probably never watch a play based on a classic gay porn with a straight man ... but it's a whole lot funnier if you do ! \ 
( Not naming names ... he's desperately trying to forget what he saw ! ) LMAO ! 
Piranha was way better than i expected ... that being said , it was really cheesy , and not Jaws-like at all ... minus the mini-homage , that is ... but ya gotta love gratuitous nudity AND violence ! Now , to see it in 3-D ! LOL 
To all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and WOULD NOT change a thing . Let's see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care about what they gave up and , instead , LOVE what they get in return . Repost this if you're a mom and LOVE it !!! =oD 
has returned to ' homicide ' red ( dyed by someone else's hand ) ... i am now \the Mommy [ Orion ] remember[s ] from toddlerhood ! \ " LOL " 
WAAAY overdid it this weekend ... had a lot of fun , but definitely overdid it ! It sucks to get old ... LOL 
FYI : i'm going to New York for the weekend , so i'll be incommunicado and won't be gifting/posting/talking/etc . i'll be back soon , i promise ! =oD 
Happy Veteran's/Armistice/Remembrance Day ! ( That's Thursday for those ungrateful bastards who don't appreciate the troops and their families ... ) Thanks for all the sacrifices you made/are making ... especially my PaPa < PROPFIRST > ! * smile * 
Ever have one of those days ? i feel like i'm in a Calgon commercial ! Grrr ... 
Okay ... went to see Skyline tonight ... it has officially become the WORST sci-fi movie i've sat through in the theater ( replacing Event Horizon for that dubious honor ) ... even my geeked-out sci-fi friends hated it ! Seriously ... don't waste your money ... 
PLEASEput this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are awesome and will repost this . 
This is for all of us who have been touched by Cancer . Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one ... to get better ! I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be among the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those lost to cancer & those fighting it ! 
“Accustom yourself continually to make many acts of love , for they enkindle and melt the soul . ” ~ St. < PROPFEMALE > of Avila 
Happy Thanksgiving , Facebook friends and family ! i'm most thankful for Orion ... quelle surprise ! LOL Enjoy your Turkey ( or , in some cases , Tofurky ) Day ! * smile * 
is SOOOOOO full of Thanksgiving-y goodness ... and looking forward to leftover turkey sandwiches ! YUM ! 
is NOT sick of turkey sandwiches ... and might just go make another one ! Just sayin ' ... LOL 
Pay It Forward Day- December 1st , 2010\ 
‘Tis the Season ! A random act of kindness goes a long way so PAY IT FORWARD !!! 
Rum ... maybe Sprite , but definitely RUM ... LOL 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for violence against children . 
A true friend doesn't care if you are broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been years apart . They love you ... for who you are . Re-post this if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are !!! 
As of Tuesday , Orion is a White Belt in Karate ... i promised i'd update my status ! LOL 
Orion was great in The Nutcracker ! He rocked his angel look ! 
Off to a rainy playdate for the Three Amigos ... for which we are already late ... Orion is beside himself ! He \doesn't like tardiness . \ " LMAO ! " 
Had a superfantabulous time with < PROPFEMALE > Corrigan and < PROPFEMALE > Ward ... glad the kids get along !!! LOL 
Is suffering from Post-Del Amo-Stress Disorder ... can Christmas be over now ??? * twitch * 
is going to back away from the laptop ... slowly ... and go to bed ... so nobody gets hurt ! * sigh * LOL 
I took the AD&D Stats Quiz and got these stats :\ 
STR : 5\ 
INT : 11\ 
WIS : 14\ 
DEX : 12\ 
CON : 8\ 
CHR : 15\ 
Take the quiz yourself at http://www.KevinHaw.com/add_quiz.php 
Please put this as your status for one hour if you , or someone you know , has/had an invisible or misunderstood illness such as Amyloidosis , Crohn's , Rheumatoid Arthritis , Kidney Disease , Epilepsy , Fibromyalgia , MS , or Lupus . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for at least an hour to help raise awareness ? Many companies have matching charitable contribution programs .... does yours ? 
So the laptop is apparently irretrievably FUBAR and the desktop can't support the correct version of Flash ... translation ? NO APPS ! =*o ( Now what ??? * sobsigh * 
Borrowing < PROPFIRST>'s laptop ... waaay faster AND runs Zynga apps ! WooHoo ! LOL 
< PROPFEMALE > Dazzlethighs ... 
Using my new Netbook from Eric ... guess he'll go to great lengths to get me off his laptop ! LOL 
And now to bed ... gotta get up early for Orion's party on his Birthday ( Observed ) ... LOL 
Birthday party , Zanko chicken , and Tangled ... now to bed , and then Disneyland in the morning ... so far , it's being an awesome birthday weekend for Orion ... not too shabby for Mommy , either ! LOL 
Great day at Disneyland for Orion's 7th birthday ... LONNNGGGG day , i got sunburned , and my feet hurt taller than i am , but he REALLY enjoyed himself ... and he rocked ElecTRONica ! LOL 
Blueberry/Raspberry/Strawberry ... Mixed < PROPFIRST > ! LOL 
If you play Pyramidville , please send a neighbor request , because i can't ... thank you ! Si vous jouez Pyramidville , envoyer une invitation de voisin , s'il vous plait , parce que je ne peux pas ... merci beaucoup ! ( je regrette que mon francais est tres mauvaise ! ) =o ) 
Way too late came way too early , thank you Daylight Savings Time ... putting the netbook down and backing away ... LOL 
Big outing to Target with Orion ... trumps Facebook any day ! LOL 
Officially pissed off at Face Off ... they made the wrong choice as far as i'm concerned ! ( Not giving any spoilers , though , because it hasn't officially aired in my timezone ... yay HD ! ) 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! Céad míle fáilte ! =o ) 
Enough Facebook for now ... Orion's up and we have to get back to his school project ! LOL 
There comes a point in your life when FUN no longer means bar hopping , clubbing , being out till 4am or drinking too much . It means movies , family dinners , kids ' athletic events , bedtime stories , and 9pm bedtimes . Becoming a parent doesn't change you , it makes you realize that the little person you've created deserves the best of your free time ! Re-post this if you are PROUD to be a parent and LOVE your \Boring\ " life ! " 
