had an awesome time friday !!! and on the beach , but so happy to be home :) 

Goin on a road trip !!! ;) 
Had a wonderful night !!! ;) 
Finally made it to Jacksonville , NC !! :) 
Ha ... Ha ... < PROPFEMALE > lost !! Go Vols !! 
Can't wait to see my family for Thanksgiving !! 
Takin one day at a time and hoping things work out for the best ... 
Had an amazing time last night at the pig pickin , even tho i lost all feeling bc it was so cold outside !! but it was fun ! ;) 
Who knew owning a washer & dryer could make me so happy !! :) 
Headin to the beach !!! :) 
Day 1 : renovations on Casa de < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Finally finished the apt and now i have to do laundry , when does it end ...? 
Im so bored that i think im gonna go lay outside and catch some sun , at least my neighbors will be entertained ;) lol 
Had a rough day at work , but goin to the beach made it all better :) 
Feelin a lil blah today ... i think im gonna cook me some comfort food :) 
Can't wait to go to the beach Friday and just relax and forget bout all my problems :) 
Headed to the beach !! 
So i fell asleep at the beach ... im so red that i could probably glow in the dark right now . lol 
I never thought i would say this but i actually miss the bugs in Tennessee . There are prehistoric size bugs here and i have no one to squish them :( 
Do not understand why i still care sometimes , maybe if i did what everyone else does , my life would be sooo much easier but then it just wouldn't be me . 
had an amazing day and i hope tomorrow is just as great ! :) 
Had an amazing time coaching ball with the Rojas girls 
Had an awesome time coaching tonight and the dog didnt eat my house , which makes the night even better ;) 
So first , i was attack by a crab at the beach last week . Then prehistoric size bugs in the apt ... washed my car and a bird spotted it ... today , a snake in the dumpster .... Is nature tryin to tell me somethin ? lol 
completely bored out of my mind !! 
Hates relying on people for my internet but then again , i shouldn't be \borrowing\ " it from my neighbor ;) lol " 
Dont really wanna work but ... another day another dollar right ? well at least thats what gets me through the day anyway lol 
Had an awesome night ! Didnt know it was so easy to coach ;) lol 
Geez , who knew reapplying for college could be so complicated . I'm so over it ! 
Im sooo over it ! 
After all the excitment of winning the game , now i'm just bored ... 
Had an awesome time hangin out with the family ! :) Good food , good laughs , too bad it all had to end ... gonna miss ya big bro :( 
Im so bored !! There's gotta be somethin for me to do ... but what ...? 
Had an awesome night coaching , 5-2 ... having the Celtics beat the Lakers would make it even better ;) 
Today has been such an awesome day ! :) 
Decisions , decisions ... why do things have to be so complicated 
Just feeling amazing , it would be quite a challenge to make me frown today :) 
After a week like this , nothin cease to amaze me :p 
Just finished cleanin the apt ... now time to cook some comfort food ! :) 
Shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > because if you miss , at least you'll be among the stars :) 
Some things are just better left unsaid ... :p 
Just the smallest things can make me smile these days :-] 
O whatta night :) 
im totally missing home right now :/ 
The ocean at night is so beautiful and relaxing , helps me rewind and focus on my purpose . Also brings back memories that will never fade unlike the people i meet . 
I guess no matter where you go , things will never change . People still judge you based on where you come from but in reality its not where your from ... its what you make of yourself :) 
Hmm ... I sense a change in the winds :) or maybe im just at a different altitude 
Just along for the ride ... 
Bout to head to the beach ... time to relax and think . Super excited bout tonight ! =) 
=) 
missin home ... :/ 
O how i love this tv !!! 
blah ... blah ... blah ... :) 
Ah geez .... 
< PROPFEMALE > dr. pepper ... yum ......... :) 
ugh .........! 
hmm ... what to do today 
Has anyone ever noticed that the people on < PROPFIRST > Springer have the worse southern accents ever !? Kinda makes me miss home :p ... lol 
so over it 
time ... its suppose to tell all but it only frustrates me and disappoints in the end . 
Beach party !! :) 
i finally have wireless internet ... yay me ! 
Gonna go get some barrel !!! yum ! :) 
Super geeked bout football tmw !!! Go big orange !!! :) 
just chillin in the dark 
Tennessee football time ! whoo !! = ) 
Whoo !! 
After all , tomorrow is another day !! :) 
The Chargers were doin so great ... what happened ?! 
It'll all come out in the wash :) 
Super geeked bout the Florida vs . Tennessee game tomorrow ... GO VOLS !!!! :) 
Who knew i could have so much time to do asolutely nothing ....... 
Never ceases to amaze me ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue !! but its easier to say when your not the one waiting :p 
I love morning rain !! 
waiting ... :/ 
another sleepless night ... i need to stop having these crazy dreams !! what do they mean ? 
gonna actually attempt to sleep tonight ... :) ha 
M&M ice cream- you rock my world !! :) 
I GOT THIS !... i think ? 
Just gotta wait it out and eventually it will all make sense ... 
Finally found curtains to match my room ... im so super geeked bout this ! lol 
Its a new day ... lets see what's in store for today !! :) 
gonna go party it up in jville .... ha , if thats possible lol ;) 
Had an awesome time last night , now off to work :/ 
uggh ....! whatever ! 
feels like i'm drowning ... :/ 
Feelin a lil bit better :) besides , its good to have a drama < PROPFEMALE > moment every now and then :p 
is having an amazing day :) 
Ha ! it all makes sense now ... talkin bout having a total blonde moment there lol 
Can't sleep !! :/ 
Today is a new day ... i got this ! :/ 
Missing home right now :( 
Gonna go tear up jville :p lol 
Alrighty then , just finished watching paranormal activity 2 and probably won't get any sleep at all now ... lol 
Finally got my costume !! now im all set :) 
wheew !! what a day 
Had an awesome night of sleep and ready to take on the day ! :) 
Had a very interesting day ... gonna chug some chocolate milk and pass out :p 
Gonna run some errands then possibly the beach ...? hmm ... :) 
Just ran right into a brick wall again :/ 
Well i'm all good now , went to plan B and maybe this time it will work :) 
Awake super early on my day off :/ but i gotta get this stuff done ! :) 
im so excited !!! :) 
Gonna go party in Greenville ! :) pretty geeked lol 
Love bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things . Love never ends . As for prophecies , they will pass away ; as for tongues , they will cease ; as for knowledge , it will pass away . ~ 1 Corinthians 13:7 -8 ~ 
is loving the cold weather :) 
Super geeked ! :) 
Well I'm officially starting school in the spring and I'm so excited ! :) I feel so accomplished and blessed . It might of took me a year to get life back into order but I don't regret one bit of it . Everything happens for a reason and I'm so thankful to have those people in my life who always encouraged me to keep swimming . 
Whew ...! What a day ! 
Above all , taking the shield of faith , wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked Ephesians 6:15 
Woo child ! What a day ! Bought a phone and dont have a clue how to use it lol 
Just finished eating at texas roadhouse and I could put a fat kid to shame ! Lol 
It feels so great to help others :) 
Felt so great to just sit on the couch all day and relax :) 
Got a phone call and it made my night :) 
Puttin up my Christmas tree :) 
Well thats not what I had in mind , but not bad ... ;) 
Hebrews 13:5 \ 
5 Keep your life free from love of money , and be content with what you have , for he has said , I will never leave you nor forsake you . #Bible http://j.mp/96n0aA 
Im so excited ! :) 
Good Old Tennessee :) 
Well it was great seein everyone . Tennesse , it's been awesome but im ready to go back :) 
Decorating the apt for Christmas :) 
Can not believe the colts are losing to the chargers right now ! Seriously 
I love helping people but sometimes I wonder if I ever need help would those same people help me or would I just be out of luck ...? 
Movie night ! :) 
Join the fight against child abuse - change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal is to raise awareness and not see a human face on fb till Monday , December 6th . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
Relaxing and watching football :) 
Roadtrip in a towtruck ... O yea ! :) 
Why do I have to be so nice for ? I dont even like you but yet im drivin you all over town ... Ah well guess im just a kind hearted person :) 
Learned a couple of lessons today but I guess thats what life is all about . 
Started out to be a bad day but ended in a great way :) 
Its so cold I dont wanna get out of bed ... hold up , its my day off . I dont have too :) lol 
I love watching Christmas movies ! 
I love being off from work :) 
Alright the plumber is fixing the leak under my apt ... i think . It sounds like he is either ripping out all the pipes or diggin to < PROPFEMALE > . Your guess is as good as mine lol 
I just love rainy days ! :) 
Leavin for Tennessee in 10 days !!! Im so excited !!! :) anyone up for a roadtrip ? lol 
Im so bored !!! :/ 
Im < PROPFEMALE > hungry ! I just dont know what I want ! :/ 
Why does everyone always come to me when they need help ? 
7 days to go ! :) Geez ... I need to start packing lol 
Just got done eating OCharleys and I definitely put a fat kid to shame lol 
Its gonna be a great day ! :) 
Leavin for Tennessee in 3 days ! Im so geeked ! :) 
Finally in Tennessee ! Feels good , reeaal goood ! :) 
Relaxing on the couch with mom and dad watchin movies like the good ol days ... :) 
Just got done playin in the snow with my niece :) 
Watchin football with my daddy :) 
Definitely had an interesting day ... but I cant wait to have las mas with my girl < PROPFEMALE > tmw ! :) 
Had an awesome time with < PROPFEMALE > today ! Can't wait to see her again for springbreak ! :) 
Leavin Tennessee and my heart is breaking :( 
First day of classes in almost a year .... nervous ! 
I have the best neighbor ever , not only did he start my car for me but he got all the snow off too ! Thanks neighbor ! :) I knew you were good for somethin lol jk 
No work ... no school ... I LOVE SNOW DAYS !!! :) 
Got an early birthday gift from the greatest neighbor ever !! 
I thought bout you today even though its been almost 6yrs you've been gone . I will never forget the advice you gave me and I can only hope your proud of me . Love ya auntie ... i know your having a blast up there :) 
hmm ... makes ya wonder 
I freakin love this electric blanket ! 
Why O , why did I sign up for a 7am class ...? 
Its a cold , rainy morning ... i would rather stay in my bed than go to class ... just sayin 
It could only happen to me ... of all things , seriously ?! Ah well ... it builds character and definitely a funny story 
So my phone hasnt gone off all day ... i feel so unloved lol 
O mcdonalds frappe mocha , how I love thee ... :) 
Monday ... uggh ! 
I got my wash machine !! Im so geeked now lol 
Its almost the weekend ! :) 
Only one homework assignment to go and i'll be free for the whole weekend ... look out couch , here I come ! :) lol 
Alright the couch sounded like a great idea but now ... im just bored out of my mind 
Layin in bed tryin to sleep but I cant bc im thinkin bout you ... 
the rain is freakin cold ! 
Ugh ... what a day . Oh well , tomorrow is another day ! :) 
Had an awesome time eating with < PROPFEMALE > and shoppin but its time to get back to reality ... homework lol 
Gettin my hair did ... im so excited ! Lol 
Goin to the gym ! :) 
Woo child ...! Just finished up at the gym and let me tell ya , I feel the burn ! Lol 
So I just got my test back and I made a 92 ! It might be a B+ but hell I ain't complaining , to be honest im mighty proud of myself ! :) 
Alright , i have a question . If the college opens at 10am and i have an 8am class , do i go in at 10am or is the classes b4 that just cancelled and i just continue with the classes i have after that ...? im so confused !!! 
I get to sleep in !!! Im so excited !! My first day off in forever ! :) 
why am i awake this early when i dont have class ... :( 
uggh ... what a rough day , the only thing that made it better was that phone call :) 
Eating fried pickles at Texas Roadhouse . Yumm ....! :) makes my day so much better ! 
Had a very interesting V-Day ... but none less , it was awesome :) 
Woke up from another crazy dream ... 
Im not a hillbilly , im an Appalachian American :) lol 
Kinda drawing a blank here ... :/ 
Im officially debt free ... yay me ! :) 
more tests ... college is so overrated at times 
Its friday ... and I finished all my homework early ... yay me ! :) 
Chillin at my favorite < PROPMALE>'s house ! :) 
Have way to much to think about ... 
Havin a blast with the neighbor 
Just finished painting the bathroom ... and im gonna say it rocks ! But thats just bc I did it lol 
what a great day :) 
So there is a giant spider in front of the classroom door and no one has noticed it but me ... am I just super observant or are they just blind ? I mean this thing is a beast , how could they miss it ? Lol 
So Im pretty sure I just power walked a mile to get to class . Now I know what they say it pays to be late lol 
So glad this day is almost over ...! 
Oh ... its friday :) now to make it through work lol 
I need some family time ... too bad they are 9hrs away :( 
Headed to my workout . O yea ...! Lol 
Been a whole year in this apartment ... Ive accomplished a lot and I feel incredibly blessed ! :) 
I cant wait till Spring Break ! Too bad its a month away :/ 
So I just filled the car up with gas and it costed $31 , now all the haters that make fun of my lil bubble ... beat that ;) lol 
Oh how I love < PROPMALE > movies ! :) 
I accomplished a lot today ... i finished spring cleaning and finally put all the shelves up in the apartment thanks to the help of my wonderful , amazing neighbor :) . Now to finish my homework :/ 
Cant help but wonder , what if ... 
It would be so awesome if it would get just warm enough for me to go to the beach bc im tired of being white lol 
Outside ... sunbathing ! :) 
Such an awesome morning ! :) 
Gym ... Oh how ive missed you :) 
Breakin under the pressure , and no one is here to relieve me ... 
Ok ... new day and hopefully this one is better 
Headed to the beach for some sun , dueces :p 
When in doubt , the Lord will provide :) 
Hangin out with the fam :) 
Im not random , you just cant think as fast as me :p 
What a day ! 
Finally got my phone ! I felt so lost without it and it was only for half a day lol 
Rainy day = < PROPMALE > movie marathon for me :) 
Did amazing on my presentation this morning , went to the gym and totally met my goal ... its been a great day ! 
Its been a great day !! now if i could only hear from him , it would make it even better ... 
So went to the beach to workout and ... i totally got lost lol 
