Supernatural tonight at 9 . 7 minutes and counting ! I can not wait ! 

I think I have taken to much cold medicine because there is a dog in my house and last time I checked we didn't have a dog !!! Hmmmm 
I actually got my request to zero !!!!! I never thought I would see the day !! 
Tyara and I are listening to Christmas songs !!! If she had it her way we would skip Halloweeen and Thanksgiving !!! lol I guess thats kids for ya ! 
When I look at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tope I think of 2 things ......... salt water and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!!!!! LOL Love you chick !!!! 
Still working on the Cristmas tree and lights ......... tomorrow will be day 4 !!!!! LMAO 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I want for Christmas is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ) i am NOt one of the 93% 
Putting the SECOND Christmas tree up !!! Thats right , go big or go home !!!! hahaha 
Hocking County is in a winter weather warning ! I hope that alll of my wonderful friends and family stay safe and warm !!! BRING ON THE SNOW !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > just left for school ..... WEARING A DRESS !!!!!!!!! She looked very beautiful and I hope that she has a wonderful day at school and doesn't fall !!!! 
Double D Batteries !!!!! hahahahahaha 
My niece < PROPFEMALE > is going to have her body cast removed tomorrow !!!! If her spine is better they will not have to do another surgery and put another one on . So please pray that she will be okay ! Summer is coming and I would love for her to get to play with her siblings instead of sitting in a hot cast all day !! 
Grandpa made it through open heart surgery . He is in ICU . Pace maker is working good so far . They had to do the surgery with him awake becuase he only had one lung and can not handle anastetic . Mom , he is a strong man and I know that he will make it through . Thank you friends and family for all the prayers !! 
ok guys heres what I need 2 slates 4 windows 5 bricks and 1 board thanks 
< PROPFIRST > I love when you visit ... but now I am stoked !!!! You are my freaking HERO !!!! I love you and can't wait to see you . I get front row seats ..... thats all I'm saying !! lol JUSTICE WILL BE SERVED !! Lmao 
IN MEMORY of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never met , or held in our arms . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of one of God ... ' s ti ...... nyest angels . 
Just finished coloring eggs with the kids . Now it is time to start the cookies !! 
Tyara did the funniest thing . Mom and dad left the easter egg dye out while we were straighting up . Tyara kept walking through the house to dye eggs . Well all the BOILED eggs were done . She went into the frig and was dying regular eggs ! Now we don't know which is boiled and which ones are not ! I think we are going to get a good laugh this Easter ! 
Just got home from work . The residents slept through the whole night and now it is my turn to sleep through the whole day . F.Y.I if you ever need a pick me up to get through the night ..... coffee and < PROPFEMALE > corn !!! It worked for me ! 
Thank you everyone for your birthday wishes !! Most imporantly I would like to thank my parents ... if you would have not decided to get friskey sometime during January 1984 .... I would not be here today !!! Thank you mom and dad ... you rock ! 
Lounging around in my Sponge < PROPMALE > pajamas and enjoying my night off ! 
Sitting here enjoying my night off ! Thinking about watching the Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . movie with Tyara . She is allowed to stay up late on my weekends off so we can \party like rock stars\ " . I do not know if I can sit still for a whole movie though so we will see what happens !!! " 
Working hard or hardly working ? Well lets see .. I had over 106 hours on my last pay .... 16 days in a row without a day off .... so I would say .. WORKING HARD !!!! I got to take care of my man !! hahaha Leaving for a wonderful night at work !! < PROPFEMALE > Linton ... rest in peace !! You were an amazing women . And they say gull bladder surgery is NO BIG DEAL !! My prayers are with you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
When you walk in the room ... I can't help but smile . When you have leave for a short amount of time ... I still miss you . When you hold my hand ... my heart still skips a beat . When I am hurt or upset ... you are still the first I run to . It has been a roller coaster ride but I have LOVED every minute of it ! I love you Joachim Nihiser more then you will ever know . Thank you for an amazing 7 years . Happy Anniversary ! 
I have the next 3 nights off !! YAY I am so excited !! I don't know what to do with myself !! Tomorrow I am going to be in the Christmas parade chilling on the < PROPFEMALE>'s Retirement float ! I hope to see some of you there ! I will try to throw the < PROPFEMALE > to you ... not at you !! ;) 
#1966 You are a complete A** !!! I can not believe I am actually related to someone like you ! Not only does this number game suck .... but you suck as well for making participate !! My best memory of you is that one time when you went to that one place and did all that stuff . Grow up #1966 your farms WILL NEVER BE REAL !! 
Happy Birthday to the most giving ..... amazing .... wonderful ... loving women I know ..... my mother !!! I apprecite everything you have done and continue to do for me on a daily basis . You are truly an incredible women and I love you soooooo much ! I hope that you have a wonderful birthday mom ! You deserve it !!!! 
Just got done grocery shopping for the boss man !! Now the residents can have a good breakfast ! Congratulations Harlie !! You are going to be a wonderful mom !! Going to relax and possibly watch < PROPMALE > and the Hendersons ! Don't have a day off until sometime next week ! This is is going to be a loooooooooooong week !! 
Work was tough last night . One of our residents passed away a couple nights ago . She was an amazing lady who never let life get her down . She touched the hearts of everyone she met .... including mine !! I loved her very much and she will be missed !! Walking down that hall will never be the same ........ 
Just got home from work and I had a wonderful day . I got to work with my mommy !!!! We actually worked well together ...... I was shocked ! I also got to spend some quality time with the bosses ! I have laughed so much today my stomach hurts ! Well I am getting ready to go to bed now , I hope that everyone has a wonderful day !!!!! 
My Mom is a hard working woman and is my hero , helped me no matter how bad I was , if you are blessed to still have her or if she is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Mother . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one mother . \ 
( I love you mom ? ) you are the best 
Top o ' the morning to ya ! I LOVE St. Patrick's Day ! It is the one day of the year when it is cool to have red hair , pale skin , and freckles ! \ 
For each petal on the shamrock\ 
This brings a wish your way-\ 
Good health , good luck , and happiness\ 
For today and every day . \ 
I love being < PROPFEMALE > ! HAPPY ST . PATRICK'S DAY EVERYONE !!!!!!! 
Well I am leaving for work . Please keep Summer and her family in your prayers tonight . “When you say a situation or a person is hopeless , you are slamming the door in the face of God . ”\ 
< PROPFIRST > L . < PROPFIRST > 
I'll never forget the time Summer told me the story of when she wore pants for the first time , I couldn't stop laughing ! I'll never forget the look on Summer's face when < PROPFIRST > would drive her nuts at work ... she would just roll her eyes , smile and shake her head . Summer always wore a smile on her face and was one of the kindest people I have ever met . R.I.P Summer ... you will NEVER be forgotten ! 
