Lovin the weather but bored outta my mind ! 

Coping with another migraine today . I hope that yall have a great weekend ! 
Just sitting around , listening to the rain and bein lazy 
Takin ' it easy after all the yardwork yesterday 
Everyone can help change the world , one step at a time . Whether it's one volunteer hour , one mouse click , or one dollar , you can make a difference with Members Project® . 
Counting down till Hubby time ! See yall next week . Have a great weekend ! 
Feeling pretty excited ! Taking my Mother and Step-father to see Riverdance ! 
The yard is mowed . The dogs have been walked . Talked to Hubby and Sammy . Now it's me time ! 
Finally , mostly over that NASTY virus that had me bedridden for over a week . Now it's back to the usual ... and getting ready for Hubby ! 
Got a headache from HELL-o today ... 
Sweet Jesus it's HOT out there today ! 
It's been so long since Hubby let me work on a car that I'd forgotten how much fun it CAN'T be sometimes ! lol 
Hoping 2 b over this bronchitis b4 the concert in 2 weeks . SO ready 2 c Disturbed !!! 
Counting the days till I see < PROPFIRST > and then Disturbed !!!! 
We have children going to bed without eating . Elderly going without needed medicines . Mentally ill without treatment . Troops without proper equipment . Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first !! 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to copy and paste 
OMG ! Hubby set up a FB < PROPFEMALE > without any prodding and/or begging from me !!! Now he just needs to get off his rump and finish it ! 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , they are not contagious . They want what we all want , which is to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy & paste this . But will you do it & leave it on your status for at least one hour ? This is in honor of all the kids who need a little help and guidance and most of all to feel loved :D 
Sending out a \Hello and Thank You\ " to all my new friends ! " 
Random Thoughts-hoping for some feedback from any1 willing to play along ! \ 
There are 3 rock bands from the past decade that I like . My puzzlement comes from wondering if they are penis obsessed or unable to come up with a different name for their bands . The bands are as follows ; Third Eye Bling , Finger Eleven and 12 Stones . I'm wondering if any of you can come up with a female equivalent ?! 
Awe crap-that's supposed 2 b Third Eye BLIND ! My fingers don't work so well at 4 in the a.m. 
Hoping that everyone has a fabulous weekend ! I'll be sitting here pouting cause there's no Sprint Cup Race this weekend . 
Ugh ! Hubby is bout 2 drive me batshit crazy wanting me 2 try a game he found . Apparently just downloading it wasn't good enuff . I actually hafta play it ! lol 
I think from now on that I'm not gonna accept f/r's unless is someone I know or a friend of a friend . Since the last batch of f/r's I've had to reconfirm my info twice . WTF is up with that ? Don't people have anything better to do with their time ? 
OMG-day after 2morrow ! So xcited my inerds are vibrating ! *giggles * 
Being 40 sux ! And I'm just going to leave it at that . Someone please tell me that 41 is going to be better ?! 
Yummm .... I was going to cook Pepper Steak for dinner . Instead , I'm eating a bologna , chees and Dorito sandwich . 
Whew ! What a concert ! 4 of 9 hours in the blistering sun . Worth every minute and every < PROPFEMALE > we spent ! I'm going to load the pics in a bit . Missed yall ! :) 
Alrighty then , my friends . I finally made my Pepper Steak ! YAY me ! lol Now I'm going have to leave you for a bit so that I can eat some of i t.t tys 
Sorry I didn't make it back yesterday ! Still feeling realllly tired . 
Wishing every1 a fabulous weekend ! XOXOX 
Still hoarse and yucky feeling . Be back soon . 
I've been having problems with my ISP the past few days . Don't have a clue wtf is going on with them . Hoping that it's worked itself out cause I've gotta have my puter time when hubby isn't here to distract me . 
Finally got my ISP issues resolved . YAY ! Now I can finally get back on all my fave pages ! Missed all of you ! 
Don't you just hate going to the Doc and his power goes out ?! 
Dizzy spells , walking into walls , muscle spams in my head .... yep , I'm just peachy Doc ! 
Just a quick drop-in to wish everyone a wonderful weekend ! XOXOX 
Feeling pretty wiped out and unmotivated .... 
It really sucks when the one friend you thought you could say anything to .... just cuts you off and won't say anthing to you because you finally found the one subject that you can't talk to her about . :( 
Have you ever been SO relieved to be wrong ? 
Gonna b gone 4 sum downtime with Steven . Yall have fun n take it easy . 
I'm back ! Well , kinda ..... having motivational issues again . Missed yall though ! ((HUGS )) 
FREE TO GOOD HOME-One 65yo Mother/Drama Queen . Submissive to dominating male personality . All she needs is lots of sympathy and pity parties . Light eater . For more info call .... 1-800-SHES-MAKIN-ME-CRAZY ! 
Just sitting here wondering if there is a market for gay doggie porn . Fatboy got insanely horny the other night after eating some popcorn and would NOT let up on Hami ! lol 
New personal best ~ up , outta bed and dressed b4 noon today ! I was even a lil bit productive , I found < PROPFIRST > bed under all the clothes & boxes I've been piling on it the past few months ! lol 
I have found that the fastest way to get your child off of FB is to get on and try to talk to them ! 
Wishing all a warm and fun weekend ! 
Happy Hump Day ! 
Will someone please bring a hammer over and remove this domestic godess crown from my head ? Sick of cleaning already ! lol 
Thanks much to Mr. Beam for the best nights sleep I've had in three weeks ! 
I just want to send oout ((( BIG HUGS ))) and heartfelt Thanks to all family and friends who stopped by my < PROPFEMALE > to wish me a Happy Birthday ! I love yall ! XOXOX 
Sorry for the absence again . Going to be worse for the next couple of weeks . Lots of Birthdays , an Anniversary and Christmas things going on . Wishing all of my dear friends the Happiest of Holidays ! Love n miss yall !!! 
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year !!! 
TMJ and ulcers are flairing up again . So ... not feeling the most sociable right now . Hope that all is well with all of you ! ((HUGS )) 
Waiting and hoping to hear from a beautiful young woman I haven't seen in many years . 
Starting to wonder if I'm being a fool for hoping this thing would happen ..... 
I am feeling really fed up and ticked off at my Doc!Argh-he's such a horses ass these days ! 
Finally got to talk to that young woman I'd been waiting to hear from ! Made my day , week , month ! :D 
I cannot wait to see < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! 
Going to have another beautiful Grandaughter in June ! YAY !!!! 
I can't believe I let myself forget how cruelly my son could treat me . ) : 
Still feeling pretty bummed out about what < PROPFIRST > did to me . 
Finally got all that out of my system regarding my son . It helps when you have a wonderful husband and daughter .... like I am lucky enough to have !!!! :D 
Sammy , you're amazing ! Just when I think you can't possibly do anything else to make my heart swell with love for you ... You do something else ! I am SO blessed to be your Mom ! I love you with all my heart ! XOXOX 
Just my luck ! The one time I am in an accident with another car(instead of an animal)this lady runs a stop sign and plows in to me ! Even better , it wasn't her car and there is no insurance on the vehicle ! Argh !!!!!! 
Sorry for being gone again ! Was in a car wreck on the 3rd . Nothing major . Just the annoying crap that goes along with it . 2 insurance companies , body shop , rental agency and doctor visits . Been hurting and cranky . I hope that all yall are having a fab weekend ! 
Feeling happier now that the landlord finally put a stop to that jerk riding his 4-wheeler down here ! 
Whahhhh ... I want my car back !!!! Now they are saying later today or sometime tomorrow . 
YAY ! I finally got my car back !!!!!! 
YAY ~ Ulcers are back , car has to go back to the body shop , get to go to physical therapy and the insurance company doesn't want to pay ! So , how is yall's week going ? 
Woo Hoo!We've got sunshine today !!!!! 
