To all my family and friends , the lights that have guided me here and the ones that will see me through , here's to a very happy and fulfilling new year . Make this new year your own , and make it one to remember ! 

I don't play Mafia Wars or YoVille . Marriage Rule #27 : Share everything but your passwords , people . 
So , it appears that the Farmtown Facebook app has a malicious ad that's been popping up recently . We've gotten a lot of people at the Geek Squad who've been infected with Personal Antivirus as a result of clicking on a popup they encountered while playin 
eat your dog and steal your kids , DO NOT CLICK YES when it offers to fix your problems . It's fake , it's malicious , it WILL in fact eat your dog . Just say no , folks . 
just got back from a most awesome < PROPFEMALE > Knights game . < PROPMALE > to tie in the bottom of the ninth , then a bases-loaded shot to the gap for the win ! The kids had a blast , go Knights ! :) 
WTF is it with Flixter ? I can never finish their tests . I get to the < PROPFEMALE > where it wants to know who to send it to , and NONE of the $#*%ing buttons work . Screw Flixter . 
R.I.P. < PROPMALE > . 
To recap : I bought a semi-new laptop , blew a front tire on the < PROPFIRST > and missed most of < PROPFIRST>'s baseball game , < PROPFIRST>'s team won said tournament game , and < PROPFIRST > got a hit ! Yeah , an eventful afternoon/evening , I must say . 
is back from a very close , hard-fought tournament game . Hats off to the Braves for a heckuva game ! Now on to the Cardinals for round two on Friday ( and hopefully another game on Saturday) ! 
Sick days suck . Sleeping all day and lounging around with nothing to do is supposed to be fun , but I feel too much like crap to enjoy it . Blah . 
Well , it's been a long day , and it's a bit late for it , but < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Murphy , now The Rev ... makes you wonder who'll be the third . RIP . 
Happy New Year , everyone ! Here's to a year full of joy and hope , love and wonder ! 
The Panthers are amazingly consistent at blowing opportunities . Looking forward to a change next year . Here's hoping Luck decides to come out early ! 
Bears-Packers is shaping up to be easily the best game so far today . Both defenses look nasty , lots of flying around the ball . Classic NFC North football . 
Watching my kids buzz their little RC helicopters around the house has made me want a big-boy version to take to the park . I think I might have just found my birthday present this year ... 
Thank you for everything , Conan . You handled a terrible situation with dignity and class , and we look forward to seeing you in September , wherever you may land . Team CoCo for life ! /salute 
Still playing the waiting game with little < PROPFEMALE > ( or will it be < PROPFEMALE >?) . As glad as I am that < PROPFEMALE > didn't go into labor in the middle of the snow , I think we're both ready to have this baby already ! 
Some observations after six days out of work : 1 . Being lazy around the house isn't nearly as fun as I remember it being . 2 . Spending all day at home with four kids -- every day -- will drive any man batshit crazy . 3 . Slippers are still awesome . :) I can't wait to go back to work ! 
Just got to the hospital labor & delivery room . Now we're waiting for the nurse and doctor to get things started , I guess ! 
The doctor just came in and broke < PROPFEMALE>'s water . No idea how much longer this could take , but at least she's still comfortable for now . Both grandmothers are here for company as well . Yay for free wireless at the hospital . :) 
Oops , I double-published both sets of pictures , lol . 
ShitMyDadSays -- I don't know if his dad really says this shit , and I don't care . It's awesome . 
I've got some more pictures up , including the first of < PROPFEMALE > at home ( and truly decked out in pink , lol) ! 
I think it goes without saying , but if a friend of yours posts some weird-looking web link and tells you to visit it , DON'T . They've been infected with a worm , and it's trying to spread to everyone they know through Facebook . If you think you've clicked one of these suspicious links , get your computer scanned ASAP , and keep an eye on your recent posts for unusual activity . 
I made a Twitter account just to be a part of < PROPMALE > Ferguson's Robot Skeleton Army . If you don't know who that is , you're a bastard ! 
Just a reminder : I do not play Facebook games . My wife and children play Facebook games . They use my account to do it . I know neither why you need nails nor whether I can provide them , and if you see me online , it likely isn't me . Or it is , and I'm just ignoring you . ;) 
I have Twitter followers . As in , people I don't know are watching what I say . That's so hot . I kinda like the 140-character limit , too -- it takes away the pressure of what to say , since I can't say much anyway . Brevity : I dig it . 
Thinking about getting a new cell phone . AT&T and the iPhone , or Verizon and the Nexus One . Suggestions , opinions ? 
Facebook games have taken over this site . A solid 80-90% of the most recent updates are game updates . Is there any way to keep from showing them ? 
At what age do babies start blinking ? I just watched < PROPFEMALE > until my eyes burned , and she never blinked . In fact , the only time her eyes closed was when she started to fall asleep . 
Apparently even a Core i7 and 8GB of DDR3 can't do much to speed up the install time of WoW . Damn CDs . 
Had a great Easter weekend with the family , and finally got some really great < PROPFEMALE > pics . Should have them up soon on FB ! 
So , < PROPFIRST>'s jumping now . With both feet in the air , no less . He isn't even two yet ! Oy , this child is a monster . Super cute , though . :) 
Tent's poled up and staked down . < PROPFIRST>'s wrestling with a few other scouts . Weather's perfect . There are worse ways to spend a Friday . 
I look up at the night sky and think , What amazing stripes in the sky ! Then I realize we're camped under power lines . 
Back home again , and feeling completely wiped out . Got a haircut and a sunburn ; take the good with the bad , right ? 
DA ridealong went really well . I think it's something I could do full-time , if a position opens up . Kinda reinforced why I love what I do . 
So , after leaving work early ( thanks again , < PROPFEMALE > ) , I lost my lunch , hunkered down in bed and topped out around 102.4 degrees . I'm down to about 100 or so now , and blah , I really hate fever sweats . 
Do people honestly believe half the bullshit they post on Facebook ? I mean , really ? 
Question : How long do you deal with a sore throat before calling a doctor ? It's been over a week , and it's gotten neither better nor worse . No other symptoms of illness , just a painful feeling every time I swallow or cough . 
Looking forward to a couple of days off . My throat finally stopped hurting for good over the last couple of days , too . 
Vote for < PROPFIRST > Jr's project and help Shepherd Elementary get $100k for new equipment ! \ 
\ 
http://www.NASCAR.com/promos/pepsirefresh 
Currently posting from a new Linux installation on my laptop . I have to say , I'm digging the new KDE . It's like the best of Windows 7 and OSX , only with an extra helping of awesome . 
GOOOOOOAAAAAAAALLLLLLLL !!!! USA back in it , 2-2 ! 
Way to fight Slovenia ( and the ref ! ) back to a draw , USA ! 
Wow , England couldn't manage more than a 0-0 draw with Algeria . If USA can beat Algeria , they move on ! 
USA wins ! 1-0 over Algeria , USA wins the group ! GO USA !! 
What is it about USA and their apparent penchant for playing from behind ? Down 1-0 to Ghana after only five minutes of play and getting circles run around them to this point . C'mon guys , let's pick it up ! 
This match is getting seriously physical . 1-1 on the penalty kick by < PROPMALE > , now Dempsey's drilled to secure yet another free kick near goal . C'mon , Dempsey ! 
Regular play ends in a 1-1 tie after a late attack by Ghana . Now we're into overtime ! Keep up the energy , USA ! 
AAAGHHHH ! Seriously , do we HAVE to give up a goal to start playing real soccer every time play stops ?! 
Ghana has started flopping like dead fish off a cart right now , and the referee is letting them drag their collective feet at every opportunity . Now I see why people complain that soccer players are wimps . 
Thank you , Team USA : you've given us everything you had , came back time and again , and made us proud to be Americans on a global stage . 
Happy birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Just had a pretty cool chat with < PROPFIRST > McMurray while helping him with a printer problem at the precinct . Very awesome guy , I'll be rooting for him at the Brickyard ! 
Back from our yearly camping trip ! Didn't sleep so well ( air mattresses are teh fail ) , but had a great time with family and old friends . Looking forward to next year already ! 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 ... : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world ! 
It's occurred to me that I never actually post anything on here -- I just let applications and such post for me . So , here's my updated status :\ 
< PROPFIRST > Rallis is energetic and optimistic for absolutely no good reason . 
Anyone who happened to get a Cove Church mailer in his/her mailbox today : My mom's in the picture ( upper right , light hair and glasses ) . Say hi , Mom ! :) 
Tagged ( #738 ) and warming up for the Historic Mooresville 5k ! #running 
SO . HUNGRY . 
Is this Big Ten country ? No ? Then why the $#&% am I watching Wisconsin-MSU instead of Texas-Oklahoma ? WTF ? 
First it's Wisconsin-Michigan State instead of the Red River $#%&ing Shootout , now we're blessed with Washington-USC instead of Stanford-Oregon ? So a #9 - #4 matchup isn't worth showing us ? Really ? Seriously , is it Dish or just being in the southeast that's screwing up my Saturday ? 
Well it goes like this , the fourth , the fifth , the minor fall and the < PROPMALE > lift , the baffled < PROPMALE > composing hallelujah . 
Any NASCAR fans out there ? If so , how do you do it ? Watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > putter around until the < PROPMALE > , then get the championship gift-wrapped with the unchanging track selection , year after year ... Seriously , I'm trying to enjoy it , but it's like watching pro wrestling -- no matter how badly you want it to be otherwise , you already know who's going to win . 
Helpful advice : You want me to give a rat's ass about your problems ? Don't act like you just stepped off the bus from Douchebagistan , and I just might . 
Okay , am I the only one who's been really uncomfortable with the direction Glee has gone lately ? Specifically referring to the way Will's character is being written . I still like the show , but I find myself wanting to skip forward every time he's interacting with < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFIRST > . It feels vacant and transparent , not engaging or interesting at all . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers . 
Ugh -- first a weekend-long toothache , now I've got the flu or something . I just want to feel well again . 
Yet another championship < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wouldn't have won without the < PROPMALE > . Five straigh t--t hat record needs an asterisk or something to separate it from everything pre- < PROPMALE > . 
Honestly , is there anything better than a holiday parade with our family ? The Mooresville parade hasn't even started yet , just < PROPFEMALE > and me sitting here watching cars and people , and I'm loving it . :) 
Great showing against #4 K-State , big win for the Blue Devils . Congrats on win #800 for Coach K ! 
Wow , I snapped over 500 photos at the parade . It'll take time to sift through them all , but I'll try to get some posted of the kids . :) 
Well , I gashed my thumb trying to repair a kitchen chair , but otherwise , it's a wonderful holiday with the family . Happy Thanksgiving , everyone ! 
2022 FIFA World Cup to .. Qatar ? Seriously ? I guess money really can buy everything . :/ To the US Bid Committee : Thanks for trying , guys . 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same ! Until Monday ( Dec 6th ) there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . Join me ! 
Facebook's character limit on status updates won't allow me to say what I want , and I won't cut it down to fit . Please read my first comment instead . 
Uncle < PROPFIRST>'s funeral service was beautiful ; I held it together pretty well through the entire ceremony , but lost it a bit afterward . Thanks to my aunt < PROPFEMALE > and my cousins for allowing me the privilege of being one of the pall-bearers , I'll never forget it . 
Internet Explorer 9 is JUST LIKE Google Chrome -- only , you know , without the speed or efficiency of Chrome . What I mean is that Internet Explorer 9 is JUST LIKE Internet Explorer 8 , only painted to look like Google Chrome . 
I can hear < PROPFIRST > Swift singing on the < PROPFEMALE > show in the next room . Seriously mediocre , hardly in tune half the time . As funny as it can be , I wish the Auto-tune had never been invented . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
Time to dig out the car and try to make it to work . This should be interesting ... 
Snow ! 
Now THAT is how to jump back after giving up a TD ! 
YESSSS !! 
Even if this is overturned , it's a chip shot . Fuck . Next < PROPFEMALE > will draft Fairley , just to rub in how much I dislike Auburn . 
Block it .. Block it ... C'mon ... 
Well , at least it wasn't Cam \even my dad's a cheating POS\ " < PROPMALE > scoring to win . " 
Seriously , who's wearing Atlanta's uniforms ? I figured on Green Bay to win , but I didn't count on them stomping a mudhole in the Falcons . 
Busy busy weekend : spent the night with < PROPFIRST > at the Science Center , bought a new TV and a new SUV , now out with < PROPFEMALE > and the two squirts getting groceries and lunch . Looking forward to a Packers win tonight ( sorry , < PROPFIRST > ) . Life is good ! 
Steelers looking a lot more stiff than I expected . Go Packers ! 
Giving the BEP a 10/10 for entertainment factor ; they haven't stopped going the whole time . Nice song transitions , too . 
Defense steps up again ! Nice play ! 
Trying to keep up on my phone . Do I see turnover on downs with : 49 left ? A Packers win could make dealing with this a little easier . 
Finally got my car back , and over $1000 later , it's still leaking and overheating . On top of that , they didn't even perform one repair ( water pump replacement ) , charged us more than quoted for another repair , and apparently couldn't be bothered to bolt my freaking overflow tank back to the body ! Lesson learned : first , last , and only time I take a car to that place ! 
Au revoir , World Of Warcraft . My account will be officially closed in three days . ( I can always reopen it ; I just don't want to . ) 
Thanks for ending my day well . Go Duke ! 
I almost forgot how much I missed \Justified\ " . Awesome damn show . " 
That was a helluva Shootout . I'm looking forward to seeing how Daytona shakes out with these new cars and the paired-up racing style . It's definitely more exciting ! 
Tomorrow , Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To stop this from happening , go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains , and unclick the \Tasty\ " box . Please repost . Good luck ! " 
With so many records broken in one Daytona , it only makes sense for the winner to be historical as well . Awesome freakin ' finish , huge congrats to < PROPMALE > Bayne ! Just awesome ! 
I'll consider gender equality when < PROPFIRST > Bieber can walk into a room without grown women turning into puddles of teary , hysterical goo . Seriously lady , he's a minor , and you're staining your pants . 
In case you aren't friends with < PROPFEMALE > ... It's a girl ! :) 
So , now that we're ( pretty ) certain of the new baby's gender , it's time for The Name List . After pruning some names from my original unpublished list with < PROPFEMALE > Perrine Rallis , here are the top eight , in approximate order of likelihood :\ 
1 . < PROPFEMALE > ( nickname : Charlie)\ 
2a . < PROPFEMALE > ( nickname : Kate)\ 
2b . Sarah\ 
4 . Zoey\ 
5 . Piper\ 
6 . Claudia\ 
7a . Shelby\ 
7b . Raelyn 
Not gonna whine about refs like Tarheels did when Duke beat them at home . Hard to beat a hot streak like that ( 52% shooting as a team ? ) and get nothing from shooters like Singler at the same time . We'll see y'all again in the tournament . 
Ten minutes until Justified ! Flip your TVs to FX to feast on an hour of awesomeness served up Kentucky-style ! :) 
At boys ' baseball practices and hoping the VT-Duke game isn't closer than the scoring line . Go Devils ! 
Congrats to Duke for another ACC championship ! Hello ? NCAA selection committee ? Yeah , we'll take that #1 seed , thanks ! 
Bracket's already coming apart at the seams , but the games have been awesome so far ! 
One of these days I'll learn to play the favorites in my brackets . 
Memphis got robbed by the refs . I hope < PROPFEMALE > comes in the form of a Texas-sized boot up Arizona's rear . 
Thank you for the wonderful birthday wishes , everyone ( except < PROPFIRST > ) . Now it's time for my Blue Devils to send Michigan packing ! 
Thanks for the birthday present ! GO DUKE ! 
The refs in Arizona's games must be pocketing some mad cash . That's the second straight blown foul no-call to give them a win . So pissed right now . 
So , I bought a PS3 . First thought : I haven't used this style of controller in six years , it'll take some getting used to . Second thought : Killzone is like Gears of War , only it's on PS3 and it's named Killzone . Third thought : I'm going to get absolutely slaughtered in Black Ops . 
I can't watch anymore . Somebody tell me this second half isn't happening . This is just ridiculous . 
And my disappoint abates . Thanks , Kentucky . :) 
Anyone who has considered buying NASCAR : The Game 2011 and hasn't yet , save your money . Seriously . 
