new pic 

wants some cold weather , but still wants summer . ergg 
holy moly lightning ! 
has had a really friggin cool day 
PWN 3.1 and can't waiiittttt for the weeeeeeekkkkkkkkkeeeeennnndddddddd 
Daft Punk is perfect for waking up and FREAK OUT ! 
no doubt that bakery’s got all da bomb frostins 
TGIF . 
return here with a shrubbery or you will never pass through these woods ... alive ! 
why did you give them my name ?! ghetto friggin physics catapult =D ONE 
is content , and there's something else , but i don't want to describe that . 
is tired from all this , but not tired of all this . 
friggin loves this new 27\ iMac . Its dauntingly big 0_0 " 
ggrroouunnddeedd 
Work it harder , make it better , Do it faster , makes us stronger , More than ever , Hour after , Our work is never over- great song , goin to cades to watch movies 
sometimes the world is cruel to shiney things . 
wansta beat the < PROPFEMALE > up and rattle the stars 
This is crazy ! The bubbles were RED ! :) FACEBOOK TRICK : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! This legitimately works , these red circles are EVERYWHERE :D 
they say freak , when you're singled out , the red , well it filters through . 
i want me some giving of thanks already 
FINALLY installed the new faceplate in the Jeep , and it friggin rocks ! I need someone with soldering skills to come over another time to help with the subs * cough * Seeley Pentecost * cough * . 
schweeeeeet , last day of school tomorrow 
30 Seconds to Mars 
Believe nothing , no matter where you read it , or who said it , no matter if I have said it , unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense . -Buddha 
Where the Wild Things Are is a bizzarre movie ... 
< PROPMALE > : hey < PROPMALE > .. < PROPMALE > : Yeah < PROPMALE > ? TIm : Hey you talked to < PROPFIRST > lately ? < PROPMALE > : Uh .. haven't really talked to him but .. he looks pretty uh .. down . < PROPMALE > : He looks pretty uh .. down ? < PROPMALE > : Yeah well maybe we should cheer him up then < PROPMALE > : What do you uh .. suppose we should do ? < PROPMALE > : Well does he like butter tarts ? 
no car , no phone , don't care all that much , night everyone 
We are formed and molded by our thoughts . Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act . Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them . -Buddha 
Jingle < PROPFEMALE > 5K in the morning , those 5 slices of buffalo chicken pizza a couple hours ago aren't gonna help . 
26:57 in the Jingle < PROPFEMALE > 5K , this was the first time I ever ran 3 < PROPMALE > without walking ! 8.57 < PROPFEMALE > mile is real good for me haha 
prettylightsmusic.com 
everyone needs to get rid of their stupid pokemon avatars . seriously 
i forgot how bad SNL is . Thanks for reminding me , SNL . 
is 17 tomorrow woot ! 
holy crap , the ending of that Spurs game was crazy . 
PANTS ON THE GROUND !!!!! 
i was frying on the bench slide in the park across the street , l-a-t-e-r that week 
soooo niceeee outsideeee ..... for mudding !!!! 
la la la la life goes on 
is the proud new owner of a 1990 Ford F-150 :) finally !!!!!!!! 
tennis tourney !!!!!! 
its 7:50 and still bright outside :) 
had a better spring break than you did 
Another head hangs lowly , Child is slowly taken . And the violence caused such silence , Who are we mistaken ? 
All I want is for you to be happy , And take this moment to make you my family , And finally you have found something perfect , And finally you have found 
has been hungry non stop since giving blood Monday , I don't mind though , I love to eat . 
won't you come out to play ? 
just deleted all but 4 of my fan pages because honestly , they just kinda suck 
I swear it feels like the last few nights we been everywhere and back but I just can’t remember it all 
This has been the most boring Sunday in forever 
Blood drive info in mail- I am A+ with really low cholesterol . Weird because of my diet , or lack of one . 
Off to canyon lake 
Gangsters don't die , they just move to Miami 
Watching Haitians practice soccer 
It's raining horses and elephants !!!!! 
Bon a petite 
just making sure eveyone knows that SUMMER IS LESS THAN A MONTH AWAY 
I swear this life is like the sweetest thing I’ve ever known 
@ < PROPFIRST > Pinillo is playing with his yo-yo 
go away rain ! 
Imma rent mea backhoe n dig up this here tree ! I want the gold ! Gimmie the gold !! 
OUCH MY WRIST . stupid skateboard .. 
English AP got wrecked , now time for a good weekend with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Power surged for about a minute , please stay on !! 
just woke up ... summer is here :) 
my truck .... she's alive !!!!! 
Buc-ee's 
shooting skeet :) 
Shootin fireworks :) 
i need a couple new movies , gimmie some suggestions !! 
So Texas , have you missed me ? 
got hired !!!!! 
Bring it on sun ... I can stand outside aaalllllll day 
My trucks state inspector is a woman !! Driving my truck ?? My god . 
Got hacked by rae :) so I'm stuck at the outlet at the outlet malls cause sams truck broke down . Thanks < PROPFIRST > lol 
Okay so you RUN great but can't start .. c'mon big red 
I love my Palladia HD channel 
gonna be a slow 4th weekend at the river . thanks < PROPFIRST > 
if rain didn't make everything all wet , it would be the perfect weather . hah 
i wanna go boarding .. 
i think i successfully killed the iphone 3g .... time for 4 
RIP iphone 3g Nov 2008-July 2010 . guess iphone 4 actually is in sight now :) 
yeeesssssss my phone works again !!! 
I can listen to Chevelle alllllllll dayyyyyy 
maybe i'll just buy a new board . i've spent more building/breaking them than if i had just bought a nice new one . 
Hottest day of summer = nicest sunset of summer 
They really shoulda finished 46 before school started 
Fall is in the air 
i <3 redsn0w . such a nerd 
i guess apple realized that video recording on the nano was useless and people actually do like buttons on the shuffle . the new ipods look pretty cool . i want a nano 
hi hello how ya dern 
Great people talk about ideas\ 
average people talk about things\ 
small people talk about other people 
True equality is only missed by those who believe they don't have it 
I wish I could delete songs from my memory so I could go back and listen to them for the first time again 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Nicole (: 
Trying to imagine if Dubstep and Pretty Lights had a baby . The sound would be too abstractly gnar for the human ear to pick it up . 
I love my mom ! 
It's about to get nice and cold . 
I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > very much ! ( : - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
It was almost 2 , but now it's 1 again 
applied to Texas State wooot 
time doth transfix the flourish set on youth 
My mom is the greatest ! 
Feels too much like Thursday to only be Tuesday 
30 days 
How does it cost to renew your license ? 
I just heard a payphone ringing . Almost answered , but didn't want to be summoned into some unknown trek . Hm 
Trig proofs mirror life- korpi 
