Go Cowboys for first place in the NFC East ! WOOT 

I wanted to marry < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > when I was three . 
Is it really summer for today ? 
< PROPMALE > festival . good times w/ family . ready for my vaca ... This was my Sunday 
Countdown : zero days left til vacation . yay . 
who knew vacations could be so exhausting ? im taking a nap 
:) happy to be home . Utah is prettier than Colorado . sorry but its true . 
Awesome that I get to walk down the street to see fireworks . I <3 my neighborhood . 
Today my patio table blew over and it is now shattered on my lawn . fml . 
you know you're too soft when you cry watching tv ... 
Ah ! strider just lost his first teeth ! 
LONG day . but i got a lot done so its all good . 
how can I waste my day away today ? 
is going to try some indoor rock climbing today . 
Its been a year and I'm really missing one adorable little girl . I wish I could do something to make things right . A piece of my heart is broken . and yet another part of me is so angry I can hardly see straight . sigh . 
< PROPFIRST > Thorn @ < PROPFIRST>'s BBQ . Good times . 
I love the positive feeling of enjoying my life , my job , my love , my family and my friends . The best part is , I know it will only get better ! 
must . clean . the house . put the computer down . 
bleh 
i don't sleep enough ... 
What a world ! What a world ! 
E-vil . I come to tell you that she's Evil . Most definitely . E-vil . Ornery scandalous and Evil . Most definintely . 
I <3 having a dog that will cuddle and give me hugs when i get home ! Such a cutie 
Nothing like waking up to the smell of stomach acid at 6am . Not to mention that my puppa yakked up some stuffing the size of a rat ! Ew . 
suddenly my face book is in large print and massive ... hmmm 
Hoodlums ! on a toilet papering rampage in the neighborhood 
i just had this pop up on my facebook ... Warning ! You are engaging in behavior that may be considered annoying or abusive by other users . Facebook's systems determined that you were going too fast when posting web addresses ( URLs ) on walls . You must significantly slow down . Further misuse of site features may result in a temporary block or your account being permanently disabled . not even sure how i did that . 
is really missing all my girls that had some love for me . 
baw bun da bum ba bun . dun dun dun dun duta 
No one should die because he or she cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because he or she gets sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
and so I start anew 
Sometimes I get so disappointed . 
There are SO many birthdays around this time . Are yall Xmas conceptions or what ?? 
watching them Boys ! 
yay for getting paid to see one of the most beautiful places in the world . Zions here we come 
Worn and weary in the best of ways 
Killers . Killers . Killers . 
Killers = awesome concert = ringing ears and tired feet . 
icky 
< sigh > 
The wind sounds like its going to blow my house down ! good thing its made of brick ... 
yay ! the sun is shining 
My < PROPFIRST > bear turns 30 this week ! which means I turn 30 in 3 months ... Oh boy ! 
Snow ! 
I got pulled over last nigth and DIDNT get a ticket . its been a long time since that's happened . 
So excited for Whittney and her family to visit next week ! When are we going to get together ?! I'm free all week except Thurs and Friday 
come on baby start my fire 
Fire in my fire place ! yesssssssss 
I <3 my home . fireplace . music . good times . 
Happy Day of Giving Thanks ! I'm so thankful for all the amazing people in my life ! 
SO glad there is still a weekend 
There is a bar in the middle of my neighborhood ... legit . 
Yay ! Party at my house tonight with all my friends from Jr. high that live in Utah ! So excited :) 
I <3 frends 
Feeling very sentimental 
the moment you have all been waiting for ... pics from my party ! 
yes ! i just found a cord for the scanner ! here come nostalgic pictures !!! 
sick when im already down . awesome 
I'm ready to spend the rest of the month sleeping . Don't wake me . 
Breathe 
Today , I made one of the most difficult decisions of my life so far . I have found that I am stronger and more resilient than I ever thought . And so I start Anew . 
So , I've been saying for months that I need my hair done ( its been since May ) and then suddenly yesterday my stylist called me , telling me he had moved and wanted to fill appointments ! And so it is ! Hair done :) 
Every moment is a new opportunity waiting to happen 
how do i make a party invite on facebook ? somebody help ! 
there should be another word created to describe feeling anxious , excited , sad and nervous all at the same time 
And so I am off to officially Graduate from La Europa Academy 
lights up outside , check . real xmas tree bought , check . now to move furniture , get it up and decorate ! yaya 
yay for wine and cheese party tonight ! 
< sigh > drama . 
my facebook is in another language ... 
anyone out there that can teach me html , javascript and dreamweaver ? 
just had the best Christmas nap !!! Bring on the night ! 
Excited to go to < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight to celebrate with friends ! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Cowboys are going to the playoffs . Yeah ! <3 them boys 
Another Monday ... 
The movie Maggequin is one of my all time favorites . 
This is the first new years I have had off in Years ! So excited :) 
Happy New Year ! 
Feeling good :) 
Save the tatas !! 
oh yeah baby ! how bout them boys so far ?! 
VICTORY to the Cowboys ! at long last . Hooray ! 
I know I'm old when I almost feel at home at Club 90 ... 
i have a knack fir taking blurry pictures . thought it was my camera , but upon getting a new camera I have discovered it really is just me ... 
Congrats to the Cardinals ! It was a great game 
My invitations didn't come today ! grrrr 
new House on tonight ! yippeee 
had an awesome interview today and have another Thursday woot ! 
aw < PROPFEMALE > popped his knee playing Church ball 
i taste the rainbow 
Got a job offer and maybe have more - what do I do now ?? 
anyone have a cupcake tier i can borrow ? ( or a three tier cake stand ? ) 
Throwback 
Oh what to do with my last days in my twenties 
I feel so loved ! Thanks for all the birthday wishes and all the peeps who came out for the partay ! it was fun and I don't feel old :) 
I've had 3 loved one's in the er this year .... < PROPFIRST > tore his acl , his mom had a severe concussion and now my brother had his appendix taken out and it was super infected ! hope this isn't a trend for the year . boo 
woot for the first day of work ! excited for a new challenge !! 
Gratefulness is the key to a happy life that we hold in our hands , because if we are not grateful , then no matter how much we have we will not be happy -- because we will always want to have something else or something more . ~ David Steindl-Rast 
Taxtime is fun when you are a home owner :) 
< smile > 
It's Garbage Pail Kids picture week ... during this week please change your profile pic to the GPK representation of yourself ! 
I want all that snow dumping in the east to dump HERE wtf 
This is my job . Literally . Woot ! The Road Home : As of January 28 , we have placed 147 families into Rapid Rehousing . 22 of the families we've placed were from partner agencies , and 125 were from The Road Home Shelters . That's an unprecedented average of 9.2 families moving out each week ! 
We are having a Superbowl Party ! Everyone is invited !! Come on over if you want :) Go Saints ! 
mondays . 
To all my ladies : You are beautiful ! I am so grateful for all the amazing women in my life ! 
ok . getting ready to scan a ton of old skool photos . For the good ole ' days ! 
< PROPFIRST > ? 4 years in May 
Fat Tuesday ? how discriminatory . 
gloomy bloomy day . bleh 
I've been having La Europa dreams ... 
bar named < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Ah .... Finally Friday . This week has been Brutal . 
SIGH 
had the best yummy beef stew tonight that put me into a slumbersome nap . 
Alas the Sun came out to clear the gloomy day ! 
Simpler Times ... 
Hello Tuesday . Thanks for being a beautiful day . 
contemplative 
SO excited for home made corned beef and cabbage tonight ! Yay for the < PROPFEMALE > Party ! 
St. < PROPFEMALE > Party @ my cottage . Corned Beef , cabbage , beer and whisky . 
Your brain thinks in words - Your soul thinks in music . 
What is there to do today ?? 
First Day of Spring = Hours of doggy clean up in the back yard from Winter 
A true friend doesn't care if your house is untidy , your car makes funny noises , if you only have $5.00 in the bank this week , or that your family is not perfect ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true FRIEND .? 
Finally nice enough to walk the doggy again . Yay ! 
My heart sings with happiness at this warmer weather !! Sunshine makes me happy from the inside out 
Make sure the fortune that you seek is the fortune that you need 
ah sun ! 
@sltrib comment : Earthquakes galore around the globe in 2010 . Massive meteor over the Midwest . Airplanes falling out of the sky in Poland . Iran's gonna get nukes . Hamas closes tunnels . Jesus is coming ! 
my doggy is such a good < PROPMALE > in the park ! 
For all those men who say , ' Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free ? Here's an update for you . Nowadays 80% of women are against marriage . Why ? Because women realize it's not worth buying an entire pig just to get a little sausage ! - < PROPMALE > Rooney 
rush hour traffic is 10 X more annoying when I see all the jackasses driving in the car pool < PROPFIRST > that shouldn't be . 
The power for creating a better future is contained in the present moment : You create a good future by creating a good present . - Eckhart Tolle 
I love working on my house to make it beautiful ! and being out in the warm sun 
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but by how we react to what happens , not by what life brings to us , but by the attitude we bring to life . A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts , events , and outcomes . It is a catalyst , a spark that creates extraordinary results . 
Go Jazz 
Get that W 
Do not hesitate to embark on a journey simply because you do not know your destination . Life itself is a grand journey , destination unknown . 
Was inspired to attend the One By One Breakfast for The Road Home this morning . So proud to work for such an amazing organization ! 
Living life without passion is Unforgivable . 
So wiped out . Wish I had another weekend day ... 
Thinking about you < PROPFIRST > McCoy . Sending you strength and love ! 
< PROPFIRST > HAS BEEN FOUND AND IS SAFE ! \ 
All of our positive thoughts and messages of strength have paid \ 
off !!!!! 
I want my Country forward . 
ooohhhh House was SO good . 
I hate hard , emotional decisions . 
More La Europa dreams ... 
Come on Utahns , it snows in May EVERY year . I know it's not pleasant , but we should be expecting this . Glad I didn't plant any seeds this weekend ... 
So , we think our dog wet his bed last night ... I had no idea doggies did that . Poor pup must have had a scary dream . 
I wish I was heading south like all the other hundreds of people on I15 right now ... 
Nothing but the whole wide world to gain . 
Real Salt Lake = beer , balls , and fun . 
Yay Friday ! 
Got my garden finished this weekend ! It's also well watered thanks to the freak storm . Owning a home is hard work I tell ya - but SO rewarding . 
Very reminiscent from being at < PROPFEMALE > today . So great to see people but I'm sad I missed so many girls that are gone already ... 
Anyone want to get together this weekend for a calling party to remind people of the June 22 Primary ?? We can make it fun times !! 
Excited for the Bees game tonight ! It's Thirsty Thursday !! Who wants to go ??!! 
the buzz game whoot 
I am a slave to my house . and my yard . and my garden . and my dog . 
just voted ! Get out there and vote today Salt Lakers 
what is normally a 20 minute commute just took me over an HOUR . Time for some relaxants 
ahhhh . much better . and tomorrow if Friday Whoppee 
wants to go to the Arts Festival today . $5 between 12-3 and you can get a two for one to bring back for the weekend ! 
really wish I had the funds to go to the Arts festival to support < PROPFEMALE > Raw Xtract < PROPFEMALE > and The Soulistics at The 2010 Utah Arts Festival . If you are there make sure you see these ladies perform ! 
SO EXCITED TO GO PICK UP OUR NEW PUPPY !!! 
our little pup slept through the night her first time home ! Ah we are SO in love with her !! 
ah the weather is SO perfect today . wish it was like this everyday 
The best part of working in the yard in the hot sun is .... MARGARITAS ! 
It's easy for the show Intervention to hit home when the majority of them are filmed in Salt Lake City . < Sigh > 
This sore throat better be nothing more than an annoying scratch that will gone by the time a wake up tomorrow . boo . 
Ahhhh . FRIDAY . Finally ! For a short week it certainly dragged out . And horray for my body's immune system and capability to conquer sickness ! 
Was accosted buy a Suburban full of scary people today on 700 E and 2100 South . What is the world coming to ?? 
you know you are getting old when you wake up and your back aches for no reason ... 
Ready to get my Friday on ! Now only if I had something to do ... 
Ah ! True Blood \ 
is seriously the best thing to be on cable since Six Feet Under ( yay\ 
< PROPMALE > Ball ! ) . It's so hard to wait a week to see them !! 
' < PROPMALE>'s Inner Child ' Is one of the funniest Simpsons I've seen ! Too great . 
Excited for Friends and BBQ tonight ! 
Sometimes I want to throw my HP laptop through the front window . 
Survival is making it through Monday every week . 
Loves my new Express Pass that allows me to fly solo in the carpool < PROPFIRST > during rush hour ! 
I am determined to see Big Boi from Outkast tonight at the Twilight concert . Any of my lovely friends going that I can meet up with ? 
live music makes me happy 
On my way to Murphy's pub 
Just another manic Monday . 
excited for the last twilight series concert ! 
surprise tickets to the Doobie Brothers at Red Butte Gardens ! alright ! 
what a gorgeous day to be at another concert @ Red Butte . yeah < PROPFEMALE > Crow ! 
My poor puppy got so sick tonight ! After an emergency trip to the vet , a shot , multi anti-biotics and $250 later she better be okay and feeling better soon !! :( 
Ah Netflix , why has it taken me so long to discover your amazing ability to live stream things to my household . Finally able to get into < PROPMALE > and will be checking out Weeds too . Happy day for the long weekend ! 
anyone want to walk witg me @ the Nami walk Sep 18 ? awareness of mental health is so important and Nami is an amazing nonprofit whose majoruttOD funding . for the year comes from this walk ! 
Alright my 80's baby friends . Boyz II Men is coming to the State Fair again this year and are playing on Friday . I am determined to go - who's with me ?? 
I think the last time I went to the Fair was on a date back in high school . It might have even been this day exactly 15 years ago . Wow how time flies . 
Boyz II Men was SO good ! All of you that didn't come missed out ! 
I had an incredibly fantastic time at the Fair tonight . It was unbelievably good ! Thanks to my friend Becca Gatrell for letting me coerce her into coming :) 
forgot how amazing the movie Go is 
I kind of feel abnormal for having huge crushes on Finn from Glee . Shouldn't I be too old for this ?? oh wait - he is my age ! Phew 
Excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with my friends tonight for the Jr High BBQ ! 
ok . gum chewing in general is an annoyance to me , but when it is someone speaking to a group it is the worst ! blech 
is a straight ally and today is National Coming Out Day . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://bit.ly/cMLp43 . 
So ... I drove off with my phone on the trunk of my car today ... Pretty sure it's gone forever . I always wondered how people do that . Now I know . 
Sigh of relief - phone was left on top of the garbage can , not the car and is safe ! Damn my memory is flawed ... 
Wish I didn't have coffee for brunch this morning so I could be taking a much needed nap right now ! 
I really enjoy Halloween . Getting into costumes and dressing up is awesome . Must be why I have three separate costumes this year ... 
I've been cleaning blood out of my bath tub for two days . 
Hope it stops raining so I can hand out some < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Only about a dozen trick-or-treater's tonight . Hope we get more tomorrow or I have a lot of < PROPFEMALE > to eat ! 
Decided to dress in one more costume tonight to pass out < PROPFEMALE > - we better get at least ONE trick or treater ! Why doesn't anyone trick or treat in the neighborhood anymore ? 
Beetlejuice is an instant play on Netflix ! Wohoo for streaming through the PS3 :) 
get out there and vote today people ! 
Happy to be back at the U for a NAMI conference . Am I crazy to miss school so much ? 
I love the weekends . :) 
Hoping and wishing that the Cowboys do something different tonight ! 
I have no internets at my house :( not sure if I can survive ... 
On my way to Vegas ! WhoHoo ! 
It is a gorgeous day in Vegas today ! 
Two days in Vegas and I still have a weekend . WhoHoo ! 
Pot Roast in the Crock pot yum ! and the Cowboys won ! wildcard anyone ? 
I love when my hunny makes me delicious dinner ! yum . 
DEPRESSION\ 
is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be\ 
strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who \ 
has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status \ 
for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week \ 
............ and ... 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . 
I am enthralled with the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > trial transcripts . It's so interesting to read how everything transpired finally . Seriously . It's disturbing . 
It's snow , snow , snowing ! Already have about 5 inches at my house ... 
Dear Friends : Every single one of you have made some type of impact on me at one point in my life . Whether you are part of my family or if I met you from Sprucewood , West < PROPFIRST > , Albion , Brighton , USU , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , serving tables , < PROPFEMALE > , Snowbird , Road Home , meeting through someone else or just by < PROPMALE > - I am thankful for each and every one of you . Thank you for being a part of my life . 
don't drink the water . 
Venturing out for some shopping finally . Need to find me some Christmas Spirit ! 
I think I have a serious case of the Mondays 
yay snow ! 
driving in traffic makes me want to go postal . 
Excited for the < PROPFEMALE > Pub Crawl tonight !! 
I know there are haters out there , but I love me some white Christmas !! 
I've been feeling especially grateful this last week . I'm so lucky to have a job , my home , a warm bed and support from amazing family and friends . It's humbling to recognize how so many are not as fortunate . 
Christmas Fortune - The surest way to have nothing to give , is to give nothing . 
I got a cruise for Christmas ! whohoo ! 
I have quite the list of things to get done during my time off this week - especially to get ready for my cruise !! 
I have an appointment to get my passport today ! woot ! 
power is out all am ! good thing my baby made a fire to keep us warm 
Be safe driving out there Utah - the roads are slick ! 
What an amazing first year of my 30's . Love all the fantastic people in my life , my job , my house and my doggies . Can't wait to see what the New Year will bring ! 
My Cuisinart makes the best smoothies and margaritas ever ! No more chunks of ice , woohoo ! 
WooHoo ! Salt Lake won $1mil in the Fighting Hunger Campaign ! Ogden also gets $ 100,000 ! Thanks to all who clicked away !! 
< PROPFIRST > Depp is totally my choice vote 
How bout them Jazz ! 
It's so quiet and lonely to be working when no one else is here . Boo Hoo 
The sky in SLC is looking so amazing right now . All pink and < PROPFEMALE > 
I love yummy Texas Roadhouse ! 
another gorgeous sunset in SLC ! 
Feeling so loved on my birthday ! thanks friends 
Last day before the cruise ! So much to do . ahhhhhh !! 
made it to long beach and its gorgeous and supposed to be 70 today ! great start to my vacation ! 
waiting to debark off the ship under gorgeous weather - nothing but time to waste since our flight doesn't leave long beach till 7:30 . I wanna stay where its warm !!! 
brrr !! how quickly I forgot how cold it is here . can I go back to Cali yet ? 
yay for maggies with my beaties ! 
Holy balls ! Has it ever been this cold in Salt Lake ? 
holy cluster fuck of people at Costco ! amazing we made it through in the time we did ! 
starting over should always be an option 
Oh Mondays . You slay me . 
Man , today was ROUGH ! 
I've been finding some great ' < PROPFEMALE>' songs ! 
I love a crisp < PROPFEMALE > day after it snows . So pristine . 
I've been remembering my dreams more lately when I wake up - I think it's crazy the the emotions they can evoke . Why can't I remember them all the time ? 
My mom got a facebook and deleted it right away cause she got scared and felt like she didn't have any control . Awwwsss 
It is so cruel to tease us with this almost 60 degree weather ! Imma enjoy it still though ! 
So ... there have been 3 earthquakes from the same fault line in the Lehi area within the last 3 days ranging around 2.5 - 2.7 They have been telling us that the big 8.0 was set to hit SLC for the last 20 years . Is the Wasatch fault next ? Are you prepared ? 
happy love day friends ! 
Sometimes I hate being such an emotional sap ! Even on Valentines day . 
My margaritas are so yummy ! Can't wait for the enchiladas ! 
So thankful that presidents get a day . Here's to happy monday off ! 
Yargh ! 
its 11:11 . make a wish 
I hate making stupid mistakes . sigh 
we be at < PROPMALE>'s . where see you ? 
holy wet , heavy snow Batman ! 
days like this make me wish I had a snowblower 
HAPPY FRIDAY 
no home internets makes < PROPFEMALE > sad . 
Wish the weather was nice so I could work on my yard .... I need some sun rays !! 
spring cleaning ! you couldn't tell by the weather in SLC but it is the ' first day of Spring ' . 
I have burnt tongue . It sure was worth it though 
Oh how I've missed this wonderful warm weather ! 
From 70 degrees to 6 inches of snow . Welcome to Utah ! 
