Woke up quick at about noon , just thought that I had to be in Compton soon . I gotta drunk before they day begins , before my mother starts bitchin ' about my friends . 

is Walkin ' it out with J-dubs ... 
' s summer is over . 
Peachtree Tavern tonight 
Individually wrapped , placed in neat little rows , becoming a piece of everything that grows , some < PROPFIRST > , a name , to indicate you played the game , came empty handed and left the same . 
If there’s one thing I hate ; it’s losing . If there’s two things I hate ; it’s losing and getting cancer . 
\No eternal reward will forgive us now for wasting the dawn\ " - < PROPMALE > Morrisson " 
Woke up quick at about noon , just thought that I had to be in Compton soon . I gotta get drunk before the day begins , before my mother starts bitching about my friends ... 
Listen here you beautiful bitch im about to fuck you up with some truth ! 
All of a sudden , I realized something ; the weather is amazing , even the birds are bumping ... Everyday that gets to pass is a success , and every woman looks better in a sundress . 
Yesterday ... Craziest day ever . 
And when I let them < PROPFEMALE > me to a cemetery , I want to be buried with a pocket full of clarity . 
Love your life , quite cliche , but I guess thats me : a ball of pop culture with some arms and feet . 
It doesn't take much and thats messed up , because these people do a lot of simple shit to impress us . While everyone was trying to out do the next man , I was just a ghost trying to catch some Ms. Pacman . 
is Mississippi State Game . 
If I keep having these kinds of weekends I'm absolutely gonna die 
HELL YEAH TWINS 
WHAT ?! 
Minnesota sports are hurting my academics 
All I gotta say is I better make a fuck ton of money when I get out of this fucking place 
The only guarantee in life is a life worth dying for 
sleep all day , sleep all night , thats the life of a go getta . 
is calling kangaroo court . And what about steroids ? Can we please talk about steroids ! They're ruining the game ! 
I wear my scars like the rings on a pimp . I live life like the captain of a sinking ship . 
Life , Love , Stress and Set Backs ... For those trying to breathe , show me where your heads at . 
Studying diff eq in the library is La place to be . 
Anyone who wants to be a can't-hack-it pantywaist who wears their mama's bra , raise your hand . 
And since I made it here , I can make it anywhere , yeah they love me everywhere 
DIFF EQ TEST MOTHA FUCKA 
whats the point 
< PROPFIRST > \Rainman\ " Barazesh says SHOW YO MOVES " 
is < PROPFIRST>'s complete lack of motivation . 
was there like a football game tonight or something ? 
And if she has the nerve to let me drop a couple last words , Imma turn to the earth and scream love your life 
Bring a knife to a gun fight . Stab them while they're laughing . 
If you know this is where you wanna raise your kids Say Shhhhhhhhhhhh 
Happy belated birthday < PROPFIRST > . You are missed . 
Now a question of etiquette ; as I pass , do I give her the ass or the crotch ...? 
The world is yours and everything in it , its out there get on your grind and get it 
12-20 Inches by Christmas Day ... White Christmas maybe ? 
You can't imagine how much fun we're having 
I shot a Warhol dead with my pistol , when the wind hit the hole in the canvas it whistled ... 
Everyday that gets to pass is a success , and every woman looks better in a sundress ... 
A Tech professor stabbed by a student with a SAMURAI SWORD ? Only at Tech . 
Embellished with talent , and the wisdom not to abuse it . Blessed with insight , friends and influences . Thats what keeps us dope , what makes us dope is the surroundings . Inspiration stems from love and stress compounding . 
No longer worried about health or wealth , a superhero's true weakness is themself . I need to lower my expectation ... Hey yo man , you got 35 cents ? 
While everyone was trying to out-do the last man , I was just a ghost trying to catch some Ms. Pacman . 
Well okay it's settled , no more nights in this weed and thorn infested meadow . Uh uh from this day forth , only forward I'll pedal . Get the memo , I'm cutting the strings Geppetto ! 
I'd like to apologize to the 25 different people my phone called last night between 2 and 5 am last night . I really hope none of you were woken . 
The sky presents an eternally unfolding spectacle : One moment puffs of cumulous clouds slither across it and next a billowing thunderhead perhaps 10 < PROPMALE > high looms over the horizon probing the structure of the sky ... Why try ? 
I'm pretty sure I have insomnia 
Things are good 
Hurricane Martiny . How are the levies New Orleans ? 
And if I did have a choice I'd never wanna live forever , just let me have a voice so I can make my points . I cant imagine running a race with no finish line , just let me keep my pace and make the most of my time . 
< PROPMALE > Folds is the single greatest performer I have ever seen . 
Fuck engineering lets get drunk 
You cant achieve your goals if you don't take that < PROPMALE > ... so go pry open that trunk and get those amps ! 
They want us to fight , but we just wanna get high , work all day , all night , trying to get fly . When I get some money imma buy me some time , i can't fight your war til I'm finished with mine ... 
Live life for the story . Live life for the guests at your funeral . Live life for the number of people who will know your name . 
A little bit of lightning never hurt anybody ... Let's get fucked up ! 
Brogan is going home with a piece of THE AGROCRAG 
GT v . UGA @ Turner . Lets hope for no rain and another blow out 
Life , love , stress and setbacks ; for those tryin ' to breath show me where your heads at ! 
If my situation ain't impovin , imma murder everything movin 
< PROPFEMALE > Tech , you should have at least taken me out to dinner first ... 
Prairadise for a week then off to Metz , < PROPFEMALE > 
Delicious beer , Easy classes and European women ... Yeah , its gonna be a good summer . 
Munich by Morning and Drunk by Dinner ! 
Munich , you live like I party and I applaud you for it . 
Munich , it was fun . Prague , you've got some big shoes to fill ... 
You never < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . JW < PROPMALE > s you ... but he only walks . 
In Soviet Slovakia car drives you ! 
Metz : Check . \ 
Munich : Check . \ 
Prague : Czech . 
Get it to-get-her 
< PROPMALE > diving and club hopping in Barcelona ? Sure , why not . 
I don't think I will be able to top this summer . Ever . \ 
\ 
And its only three trips in . 
Gonna be a brand-name day once the rain is finished 
Next weekend : A little bit of this ... \ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KpD3lAyZQSg&feature=player_embedded\ 
And a little bit of this ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAFG4LxIyUQ&NR=1 
What tools should I get in my swiss army knife ? 
So now heights no longer bother me . One step closer to fearlessness . 
Nice and Monaco : Where Ferraris are Toyota Camerys . 
Up 80 at the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Nothing like smoking a Cohiba and roulette at the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to make you feel like a baller . 
Scuba in the mediteranean 
IF YOU WANT ME YOU CAN FIND ME YOU CAN FIND ME IN THE A ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
Prof . Stoneman , I eat Big Macs for the taste . Because they are delicious . 
I took a coma , 20 hours . About 20 hours . Thats a great coma . Thats a good coma . 
You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having 
Sorry < PROPFEMALE > and lbat 
\Got to change my way of living . Got to change my style ... < PROPFEMALE > me home . \"" 
When Life Gives You Lemons , You Paint That Shit Gold 
When I leave this country I'm never eating another baguette again . I dont understand how anybody could enjoy these awful things 
love parade ? fuck that 
I have a great fucking life . Thank you to everyone who has helped me arrive at this conclusion . 
Its been one hell of a summer 
What have I learned about life this summer ? Never tie your shoes . It could cost you your life . 
I would be so much more upset about missing Shark Week if Hey < PROPMALE > ! weren't such a great show ... 
Party at RESAM . Were gonna break some windows . Come join the festivities and bring your own booze . 
Finally heading back to the land of freedom , fast food , free refills , the invention of flight , the automobile , the atomic bomb , the personal computer , the internet , the conquerers of Nazis , and the American dream . 
Prairadise 
Welfare and Moondogs tonight 
Zero girls in my IC engines class . Yup , I'm back at Tech ... 
28 Pledges ... Its gonna be a good year . What up top TKE ! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Whats with all the helicopters ? 
Embellished with talent and the wisdom not to abuse it . Blessed with insights , friends and influences . That's what keeps us dope ; what makes us dope is our surroundings . Inspiration stems from love and stress compounding . 
8 hours til game time . Skol Vikings ! 
TKE football , Pledge football , Vikings football ... Its gonna be a full night 
He knew he wasn't perfect , but he always did his best to try get under the surface . Not a saint not a serpent , he just wanted everyone to be impressed with him as a person . 
Everyday can't be the best day , \ 
Do what you can right now , don't hesitate , \ 
That's why we try to make love and get paid , \ 
Take the bad with the good , now let's play . 
Fall break on Bourbon Street ! 
It's Christmas-Tree-Building Season 
Polar Beach Weekend . You ain't seen nothing yet . 
Generic status about < PROPMALE > potter 
Let's hope I don't miss my flight home 
Minnesnowta ! 
The cabins were insane ! What a great weekend before 2 weeks of uninterrupted studying 
Its gonna be a brand name day once the rain is finished , you know 
One last final : Internal Combustion Engines . This is gonna be fun ... 
RISE UP ... and take the bull by the horns ! 
Five semesters in a row really is too much . 
Disney World 
< PROPFEMALE > 2K11 !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > was insane , as always . 
