Happy New Year my facebook friends and family !!!! 

Okay whats the odds of someone finding 2 of their elementary school friends in one day ? AMAZING thats what ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > OMG its been more than 20yrs ! 
Ok I made a mistake . We all make mistakes its inevitible . However what we do about it is key . If we admit it was wrong or a bad decision and choose to learn from our mistakes then its a lesson well learned . If we choose to deny , ignore , or wollow in self pity then we are only hurting ourselves and we are more likely to make the same mistake again .. just sayin 
For those that think nothing is impossible , I ask , have you ever nailed Jello to a tree ? 
.. is bored . I think I will sit in my car on the side of the road with my hair dryer today . Point it at the cars going past and see how many people slow down ! 
Can someone answer this for me ... Why do they sell hot dogs in packs of 10 but only sell buns in packs of 8 ? 
Live your life to the fullest ... have no regrets ... and when you get in trouble blame it on someone else :D 
I think it's funny watching people PUSH a door that Clearly says PULL on it and almost end up in the door . 
thinking it would be so funny to go to Walmart into a fitting room , wait awhile and then yell \WHERES THE TOILET PAPER\ " lol " 
.. is wondering why do we turn down our radio when we pull up to a drive through ATM ? You know you do it !! 
Next time you hear the ice cream truck , start jumping up & down and yell \THE ICE CREAM MAN IS COMING\ " - the look on your child's face is PRICELESS ! LMAO ! " 
I hate when people point at their wrist and ask for the time . Do I point at my crotch and ask where's the bathroom ? JUST ASKIN 
It is a known FACT that you cannot LICK your Elbow !!! I have a feeling you are now attempting this . How many actually tried it ? be honest 
2 blonds locked their keys in their cars , first blond says \i cant get in mine\ " other blond replies \ " hurry up looks like its going to rain and the roof is down \"" 
They say if u dream ur falling & u don't wake up B 4 u hit the ground u'll die , I wonder just who did they ask 2 get this information ... 
I'm feelin kinda warm and fuzzy ... I guess that means I should go shave my legs today :D 
What do women and tornadoes have in common ? They both moan like hell when they come , and take the house when they leave . lmao 
What happens if you don't swallow Viagra fast enough ? You get a stiff neck 
ya know if we were not meant to have midnight snacks ... then why does the refrigerator have a light in it !!! lol ! 
Did you know that you can't hum with your nose plugged ! Haha now you're trying it aren't you ? 
If McDonald's sold hot dogs , could u order a McWeiner with a straight face & tell them u want it supersized ? 
thinks you should show the one you love all the affection and attention they need cause if you don't someone else will . 
It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of a penis is 3 times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster then a man's . Women blink 2x as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand . The woman has read this entire text . The man is still looking at his thumb . Repost if this made u smile :) 
GO SEAHAWKS .. SHOW EM WHAT YOU GOT ! 
I'm a strong woman , however I do need a hug every now and then to reassure me that everything will be fine ... 
If you were able to do whatever you wanted for a day ... and not have to worry about the distance or the money or anything ... what would you do ...? 
I hate it when random thoughts pop into my head and i try to explain it out loud , no matter what i say it makes no sense outside of my head ! 
Happy to have watched the Packers show the Steelers how its done ! It was a great superbowl game although I could have gone my whole life without that horrible half time show .. how embarrassing to be them ... 
Finally a job interview with them .. so excited ! I'm confident .. I got this !!! 
