Feeling lonley ): I need hugs 

< PROPFEMALE > is sick , she's going blind and went from 55lbs to 79lbs in a couple months ): The vet is testing her for Valley Fever , poor doggy 
Hey everybody :D Today is a great day isn't it ? 
o.O Omg lol 
anyone know a place thats hiring ? I could really use a new job , at least for the holidays lol 
True peace of heart can only be found in God 
I'm feeling depressed ): Please pray for me 
hey everyone , I've started cleaning people's houses/apartments for some extra cash , if you know anyone who needs it , send me a message (; lol 
I wish everyone a Happy Easter ! I'm so lucky to have you all as friends (: Wish me luck on my first day of training tomorrow for my new job , I'm a little nervous . :p 
Hey everyone , training went well , I'm certified in CPR and the heimliche manuever for adults , children , and infants , and I know what to do incase someone is electrocuted , poisoned , has a heart attack , a stroke , has hypothermia , heat exhaustion , diabetes , seizures , or burned ( and why its a bad idea to rub butter on it :P ) , so if you're ever dying , maybe ill help ya out haha 
Tomorrow I get to go to a group home and shadow .... still unsure which position I'm going to take , registry is available , but i'm not sure it will work out ..... thanks for the support . (: 
Feeling melencholic today )- , : , please don't ask why , hugs and prayers are appreciated though ........ anyways , I got a call from a neighbor who's going to pay me to pet sit , and a friend I loaned money to gets paid this Friday so he's going to pay me some back ... yay for the money lol . Don't tell , but I might bake them some cookies (: SHhhhh . 
Still feeling sad ): .... and lonely ..... 
So .. I'm thinkin of working the overnight shifts on the wknd . 99% of the time nothing happens during the shift . I'd have an hr of cleaning , and the rest of the night would be mine , so for the most part I'd get paid to sleep lol . My dream come true ! I still want to work the weekdays , so I'd get full time work benefits too , and it wouldn't get in the way of school (: What do ya'll think , is it too much ? 
I just watched a movie about the original tale of \The Little Mermaid\ " by < PROPMALE > Christian < PROPMALE > . Its so sad ): " 
Went hiking at < PROPFEMALE > canyon , a poor little kid fell down a crevice and there were cops and firemen everywhere :o , we talked to the parents though , and he was ok :P , and now to a D-backs game , nice to relax after a fun filled week of work and school lol . Woo , Go < PROPFEMALE > backs ! 
We lost the game last night ): 
\A woman's heart should be so hidden in Christ that a man should have to seek Him first to find her \"" 
Looking foreward to girls night after training :D Are we still going to make a movie , or just watch one ? Haha 
< PROPFIRST > died this morning ............ 
Soooooo stressed out ..... why did I have to get hired this month ? Between preparing for finals and training all day everyday , and a bunch of personal stuff going on , I'm ready to snap ! 
Why is it that things have a way of never working out , or being extremely difficult and still not being exactly what you want .... this month has been a nightmare XD I want a do over please ! 
\God doesn't require us to succeed ; he only requires that you try . \ " -Mother < PROPFEMALE > " 
not doing so good ...... 
Integrity is a belief system without faltering no matter how dangerous , how unpopular the person makes themselves to others . It includes : sincerity , keeping one's word and agreements , honesty , truthfulness , ethics , fairness and justice , punctuality and never faltering for what one believes in . Its doing the right thing , even when no one else is looking . 
Do you ever have those moments where , you meet some1 who has just as much enthusiasm as you do about a certain subject , and the mor enthused you get about it , the more enthused the other person gets , giving you both an adrenaline rush , until you get to the point where you're just patting eachother on the back and exuberating your excitment that someone actually thinks like u ? Lol , I had one of those moments today :P 
feeling lonley ..... this has been an awful month , I can't wait for it to be over . * clink * here's to May ! 
Just finished my online final ....... hope I don't fail XD If I don't get at least a 76% on it I fail the whole class .... that would stink so bad since I have an A so far lol . 
I passed final with an 88 , I have an A in the class :D Now if I could just get thru my other 3 finals ..... * gulp * lol 
OMG ! I found a pizza place that serves vegan pizza :D !!! They deliver too , but Its in downtown Phoenix ..... lol , but they serve vegan pizza !!!! 
ughhh ..... I think I'm coming down with something .... not feeling so awsome today .. 
Sojourn Care went out of business ): Last day is this Friday . My 3 year old nephew got 2nd degree burns on his bottom when a guy who was detailing his moms car spilled a chemical on the baby carseat ... poor Havoc ): She's suing . Still have to pick up my money from my client , finish onsite training and study for my last final tomorrow ... wish me luck , the stress never ends lol . 
.... I like it on my bed , on the bedroom floor , or on the kitchen table .. ( : 
Ok < PROPFEMALE > , I weighed myself today , and I've lost 7 lbs since last month ..... since I've been eating the same , but haven't had time to workout , I'm presuming that I lost 7 lbs in muscle mass .... ugh , gonna try to put the weight back on at the gym . 
\Kind words can be short and easy to speak 
Brighten up someone's day tomorrow by giving a friend a complement , giving a stranger a friendly smile , or offering someone a kind gesture :D Hope ya'll had a wonderful Wednsday lol . 
Another fine day at work , the girls were a little fussy though . (: 
Looking for a second job , going to call hospitals to find PT's to shadow , and class starts in a week , so if i don't respond to messages or don't want to < PROPFEMALE > out as much , this is why , hope you all had a great weekend (: ... and happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > , in case I miss you on Tuesday (; 
so , went to chakra organics for dinner the other night . I was checkin out their website when I noticed that they offer free < PROPFEMALE > clearings .... < PROPFEMALE > clearings ?! What is that ? Apperently you need to clean your < PROPFEMALE > 1-2x per year otherwise toxic emotions and negative energy build up a and harsh your mellow . What ?! I've never cleared my < PROPFEMALE > , how emberessing , I've been walking around all this time with a dirty < PROPFEMALE > ! 
so the average salary for physical therapy assistants in texas is $ 68,000 -$ 75,000 .... hmmm .... how is the weather in TX ? lol 
I hope everyone had a great weekend (: 
DON'T BUY NON-ORGANIC BANNANAS !!! Banana plantations use 10 times the pesticides , herbacides , fungicides , nematicides , ect that is considered acceptable , which causes the workers ( many of them as young as 8 yrs old ) to develop kidney failure , brain tumors , skin , bone , and eye problems , and cancer . The families live below poverty level , and workers are threatened with violence if they try to get conditions changed 
Went to the Farmers market for the first time , it was pretty cool (: I love my fruit ! 1.50 lb for organic peaches and apples !! :D hurrah , heaven on earth lol . 
can't sleep .... ) : Air conditioning has been out for a few days , and I offered to let my folks sleep in my room since I'm the only one who has air ... and they have to work tomorrow , I miss my bed ): zzzzzzzzz 
Anyone have any tips on cooking meatballs in a crockpot ? I want to slow cook some meatballs in a homemade marinara sauce for my spagetti this weekend mmmm ((: 
I worked 12 hours today (: ........ I don't know why people think its so hard .... * yawns * ........ I'm totally awake .......... * starts to nod off * ......... it wasn't so bad ..... zzzzzzzz 
soooo , if you were getting a house in AZ , what neighborhoods would you recommend ? IE close to good schools , natural food stores , gyms , free way , family oriented , ect . 
Hope everyone had a wonderful 3 day weekend (-: * hugs * 
Today has been soooooo stressful ): I need a hug 
Oh Friday , why can't you come visit me sooner ??? I'd like to see you more often than once a week ... and your friends Saturday and Sunday are always welcome too . We'll have a grand ole time ! 
Goin car shopping this weekend . I can get up to half off on the hail storm sale , plus I have cash so I should get a screamin deal (; 
Soooo ..... I got laid off today ): ..... this makes me sad 
Special needs people aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to\ 
be accepted . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and\ 
leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education\ 
week , and this is in honor of all people made in a unique way . 
Love is patient love is kind . It does not envy it does not boast it is not proud . It is not rude it is not self-seeking it is not easily angered it keeps no record of wrongs . Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth . It always protects always trusts always hopes always perseveres . Love never fails . And now these 3 remain : faith hope and love . But the greatest of these is love . - 1 Corinthians 13:4 -13 
feeling melancholic today ... 
ok ..... I'm not sure why all these stupid apps keep popping up on my wall , but I think I've stopped it lol 
So far the new year isn't starting out well ,...... i hope this isn't a bad omen lol 
A few verses to get everyone through the new year (: \ 
\ 
< PROPMALE > 30:17 \But I will restore you to health and heal your wounds 
Why do they put braille dots on the keypad of the drive up ATM ? \ 
Why are flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes ? \ 
Why do they steralize the needles for lethal injections ? \ 
Why does your nose run and your feet smell ? 
feel lonley tonight ): Or maybe just sad ? Idk , its one of those things where I'm sad and I want to someone to be with me tonight , but I don't want to talk about why I'm sad to anyone , does that make sense ? lol 
Had a delicious lunch at Wildflower , thanks again < PROPFIRST > ! ( o: 
Why is it that when you go out of your way to try to help someone , they take advantage of your kindness , and treat you like crap , or even stab you in the back ? This seems to be a reocurring theme in my life .... 
had fun shopping with < PROPFEMALE > (: 
Soooo , the big question of the month , who is celebrating Single's Awareness Day this 14th ? :P 
5 days until my birthday ! :D Its the only time of the year thats about me lol . Of course most of my gift getting will be in the form of a bridesmaid dress for my sis's wedding XD lol . I'm going to the salon to get my haircut , then shopping with the rest of my gift card lol . Go me ! 
I must have eaten something yesterday , woke up at midnight with a headache and again at 2am and puked x.x couldn't sleep after that , so I went to the gym and thn slept the next 4 hours lol . Made dinner for everyone and chilled with < PROPMALE > for a little bit , I'm glad everything turned out ok after Miss Brown blew up at you for sending flowers to her XD You deserve to be with someone who loves you back (: 
My birthday is tomorrow , yay ! :D 
Anyone who knows someone who has had cancer , should check this documentary out , very interesting . Its called \The Beautiful Truth\ " . \ 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! :D * love * 
My mom asked me to make something healthy for dinner , so tonight I'm making a grilled veggie sandwich on Focaccia bread , topped with lemon-garlic mayo and homemade sundried tomatos , a spinach pasta salad with freshly made pesto , and a fruit salad . Yum ! (: 
Now , I'm going to make oatmeal raisin cookies ! :D yum ! 
Taxes are done and I'm getting $700 back ! Wooo ! Thank you God ! lol 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > ? Are you busy tomorrow ? 
I'm in a dilema , I'm all dressed up and nowhere to go (: Anybody want to chill for a couple hours tonight ? 
I want to apoligize to everyone or anyone I've ever hurt because of something I said or did or was not there when I was needed most . I love you guys ! <3 
Do you remember the scene in the matrix where Morpheus presents Neo with a red pill and a blue pill ? On one hand Neo could learn the truth , but has to face the unknown , on the other he can live his happy go lucky life , but has to live with knowing he turned his back on the possible truth of reality . Continue reading ... 
stilllll sick ): 
