ran an additional 4.03 < PROPMALE > tonight and went to Combat tonight ! You could say that I am finished for today ! 

did an hour of yoga today and then ran 4.13 < PROPMALE > after that ! 
ran 1 mile then went to Bodypump with < PROPFIRST > at the North Meridian Lifestyle at 6 A.M. and then ran an additional 2.03 < PROPMALE > ! 
ran 3.1 < PROPMALE > outside ... may not sound like much ... but every time I run outside I am reminded how much more challenging it is then the treadmill ! I was pleased ! 
ran about a mile to the law school and then ran for 30 minutes around downtown ... total of 3.35 < PROPMALE > WITHOUT my ipod ! Victory ! 
ran 3.55 < PROPMALE > this morning and then did abs with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
spun this morning with a wonderful bunch of people who challenge me every Tuesday and Thursday ! A little break and then I get to run with the IU Indy Law School Running Club tonight ! God is good and I feel very blessed today !!! PLUS !!! It is almost Friday !!!! 
is going to run 4.5 < PROPMALE > in the < PROPFEMALE > Freedom Run today !!!! Hope that everyone is enjoying their Fourth of July Weekend !!! 
finished the < PROPFEMALE > Freedom Run ( 4.45 < PROPMALE > ) in 50 minutes and 5 seconds , burned 511 calories , and had a 11:16 pace !!! What a beautiful day for a run !!! 
went spinning this morning and then ran four < PROPMALE > on the monon tonight . There may have been some ( 2 ) stops and starts during the run but it still counts ! Tomorrow will be a day off ! 
rain , rain go away so I can run outside ! at least there is always the treadmill but seriously ???!!!??? 
my 15 year old brother < PROPFIRST > has been admitted to st < PROPMALE > hospital ... he is down to 94 lbs and is 5'7\ and the doctors don't know why he keeps throwing up ... please pray that they will be able to find a solution .. he really needs all the weight he can get " 
my brother , < PROPFIRST > came home from the hospital earlier today ! He was weighing in at 99.5 lbs . He does have Crohns disease but this should be able to be managed by a very specific diet and some amount of maintenance medicine . The Doctors cleared him to go to the Boy Scout Jamboree , provided that my mom stays near the area . This camping even only happens 5 years and is a pretty big deal ! 
ran 5.23 < PROPMALE > on the treadmill today because it is too hot outside ! 
ran two < PROPMALE > outside today ! It felt great ! 
my brother is still at his Jamboree Boy Scout event and is doing great ! Thank you for all the prayers ! 
ran 3.15 < PROPMALE > and three three sets of intervals in this morning ! 
not a fan of the heat but enjoyed a run with Professor Prescott today ! Law School is coming closer and closer which makes me so excited !!!!! 
ran 1.21 < PROPMALE > to the Law School from the Mall Parking Garage , Ran 2.6 < PROPMALE > with Professor Prescott not counting two walking breaks for me , and then ran . 77 < PROPMALE > to the Mall Parking Garage for a total of 4.58 < PROPMALE > today and a total of 18.64 < PROPMALE > for the week ! 
had a productive day and is contently tired ! We went to Worship in the City this morning and that was great ! God could not have given us better weather today ! Hope that everyone had a lovely weekend ! 
At Worship in the City this morning we went over < PROPMALE > 10:12 : Sow for yourselves righteousness , reap the fruit of unfailing love , and break up your unplowed ground ; \ 
for it is time to seek the LORD , until he comes and showers righteousness on you . Food for thought but more importantly ACTION ! 
ran 2 < PROPMALE > in 22:10 tonight in rather pleasant weather ! 
off to see the movie .. Eat , Pray , Love with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! Hope everyone is having a wonderful Friday !!! 
ran 2.54 < PROPMALE > in just under 29 minutes today , walked in the Pike Parade with Senator Delph and friends , and now get to go babysit for some of my favorite kids in the whole world ! What a wonderful day !!! 
going for a run to get away for a little bit ! Nothing like some ME time ! Maybe a little selfish but completely necessary ! 
so I went down to get my mba diploma today and planned on celebrating by getting just one Krispy Kreme doughnut at their retail store but they closed the only location in indy ! Seriously ? Seriously ? 
Orientation at IU Indianapolis Law School Today !!!! 
ran two < PROPMALE > in 21:44 and now have Orientation at IU Indianapolis Law School ! Living the dream and never turning back ! 
first day of Law School .... survived my first class ... two more to go ! 
survived my first day ! It was not nearly as bad as what I worried it would be ! God was probably laughing up in heaving at all the unnecessary worrying I was doing . Isn't that how it normally works though . You would think that I would have learned that by now ! O well ! Still learning and hopefully forevermore ! Now on to Day 2 ! 
survived\ 
my first day ! It was not nearly as bad as what I worried it would be ! \ 
God was probably laughing up in heaven at all the unnecessary worrying\ 
I was doing . Isn't that how it normally works though . You would think\ 
that I would have learned that by now ! O well ! Still learning and \ 
hopefully forevermore ! Now on to Day 2 ! 
on my fourth day of Law School .. the visual that comes to mind is a scene from Finding Nemo of \Just keep swimming ! Just keep swimming ! \"" 
brother < PROPFIRST > is in the hospital again because of vomitting . Please pray that the recovery from this flair or suspected obstruction is resolved soon ! 
Update : My brother is in the ICU . He just went through surgery and they had to take out part of his bowel . He is very sick and needs your prayers ! Thank you ! 
< PROPFIRST > is doing better ... it is still a long road for recovery and he is still in the icu but he will get there because God is in control ! Thank God for that ! He needs to get his blood pressure elevated and get the infection down ! 
Update : fighting fever , low blood pressure , and crappy lungs ... trying to fight off the infection and road toward pneumonia . Much more alert , asking tons of questions trying to understand all that has happened and what will happen in the future . Continue to pray please ! 
Tuesday\ 
afternoon update : BP stable , increased abdo < PROPFEMALE > al pain , cultures show \ 
need of different antibiotics , got out of bed for first time , sat in \ 
chair for 30 < PROPFEMALE > , now wiped out , still very sick , making < PROPFEMALE > bit of \ 
progress , thankful ! 
My brother was ready to move out of the ICU but the hospital ran out of beds in the normal rooms ! He is doing better . Still long road to recovery but the blood pressure has stabilized . Just fighting infection now ! Keep praying ! 
so for all of my facebook friends that are lawyers ... when you prepared for the bar did you use barbri or indybar ? Why did you choose the one you did ? 
< PROPFIRST > has been struggling all day and got worse stsrting @ 6pm ... now back in ICU , lungs and belly full of fluid , struggling with breathing and pain . PRAY 
Sat nite : breathing much better , pain from surgery and now more from chest tubes , meds are good , goofy comments , sleeping a lot , thankful for that , and for all of the prayers 
Sunday am : got about 3 hrs of un-interrupted sleep , thinking is a bit clearer , chest tubes are very painful , frustrated and angry that this has happened and that he feels so crappy , must be getting better ; Sunday p . m . - feeling better and wonders why he cannot run errands with Mom ... says the funniest things .. now if we could just get him physically better and ready to come home ... or at least a regular room ! 
Brother is in the OR having a picc line put in , taking more infection out of belly , and taking chest tubes out ... long process but we will get there . Thank you for your continued prayers ! 
Brother still in the PICU and struggling to recover ... a lot of technical stuff going on ... excitement of the day ... the cathader is out ... and we went pee on our own !!! Little victories !! 
My brother is in a regular room ! He has a blood clot that the doctors hope resolves itself ! Please Pray ! 
Friday morning < PROPFIRST > Update : radiology studies ti check Mesentaric Vein Clot will be done on Monday . ( We have all weekend to pray that it will be gone , IF God so designs ) . Lots of IV machine and other monitor alarms interrupted sleep last night , out of bed this a.m. , walked with assistance short walk , sat in chair nearly 2 hours ! Now resting . 
Matthew\ 
Saturday Update : very tough night last night : belly and chest pain , \ 
difficulty breathing , fever . Xrays taken . All seems to be ok maybe \ 
overdid being up yesterday , doing ok today . 
Sunday\ 
Morning Update : last night fever 101.8 and pain , making an immediate CT\ 
Scan necessary : abscess behind bladder ( no surprise this happened since \ 
he had a hole in his small intestine ) don't know what will be done about\ 
it , stay tuned ... and clot appears no better , not worse either ... 
Monday\ 
evening update : today's abscess drain went well , it comes out through \ 
left butt cheek , of course it is very painful tonight . The radiologist \ 
did not drain the fluid that is in his belly , hopeful the antibiotics \ 
will deal with it . Son the chest , belly , sides and now left butt make it\ 
hard to find comfortable position 
evening : sore left butt cheek from where drain was removed , as in the \ 
past 4 evenings , temp is on the upward trend , trying to figure out why , \ 
mood fairly good tonight , favorite nurse just started her shift \ 
tonight ... happy about that ! 
Wednesday afternoon : today's echocardiogram \ 
was normal ! Didn't tthink anything was wrong but in light of sepsis they\ 
needed to make sure no infection had spread to his heart . Suegery \ 
wounds are healing slowly , but at least they are healing ! Thankful ! 
my dad fell down the stairs because he was in such a hurry and broke his right wrist ... his surgery is this afternoon .. so glad hurrying was effective ! 
ran 5.37 < PROPMALE > today in an hour ! What a good start to my day ! 
there is just something about an apple on a stick covered in caramel and nuts that makes my day sweeter ! That and I submitted my draft for another Larc writing assignment ! 
Monday morning : \ 
physical therapist here , OT still to come , docs stopping in 4 daily \ 
check-in 
update : now on oral liquid pain meds ( no more IV narcotics ) wound is \ 
slowly healing , blood clot stable , fluid balance making progress ... all \ 
is slowly coming along , anxious 2 go home , thankful for progress ! \ 
Praying rate of healing accelerates ! 
Wednesday\ 
News : POSSIBLE discharge from hospital on Friday , providing today and \ 
tomorrow goes well . Will go home with IV nutrition / hydration ( keep it \ 
until next surgery , hopefully beginning of November ) and Wound Vac ( helps\ 
belly wound to heal ) ... all very do-able ! CERTAINLY GOOD NEWS !!!! Pray \ 
for HEALING so we can \put intestines back together\ " beginning of Nov . \ 
Today Dad will have his right shattered wrist rebuilt after falling down steps from the house into the garage last Friday . < PROPFIRST > is on track to come home from the hospital on Friday afternoon . It will be good to have everyone where they are supposed to be ! 
oh my gosh ! < PROPMALE > is home ! 
finished a ten mile race this morning in 2 hours , 1 minute , and 20 seconds ! I averaged a 12:08 pace and only had to walk 1.3 < PROPMALE > of it ! A little sore but love that I did it and burned over 1000 calories !!! 
I had the best morning ! I got to go down to Louisville , Kentucky where I ran in the 2010 < PROPMALE > Walk ( for children with Down Syndrome ) 5k . I finished in 31:33 minutes , a 10:17 mile pace ! Then my mom and I went to get HOT and FRESH Krispy Kreme Doughnuts followed by Meijer and then a Mexican restaurant ! This was followed by Graeters ice cream ! Good food and time with mom ! Yeah ! 
just keep swimming ! swimming ! swimming ! It is Tuesday , which means Torts , followed by Bible Study , Homework ( Contracts and probably LARC ) followed by dinner and Biggest Looser and Good Wife ! Yeah ! Living the Dream ! 
submitted my LARC Written Assignment One , now it is just time to breathe and pray ! Maybe celebrate a little too ! Fall Break ! Made it through half of my first semester so far and have met some great people ! 
MIRACLES HAPPEN !!!! \I cannot explain it 
I figured out how to print on the Westlaw and Lexis Printers today ! Small victory but yet still a VICTORY !!! 
I voted today ! Did you ? You should vote ! Get excited ! If not about that , get excited that < PROPFEMALE > ( my puppy ) turns one today !!! This is an exciting day ! 
running the monumental half today ! Am I crazy ? You bet ! Good luck to the 8000 other people out here with me today ! 
Ran ( with minimal walking ) the Monumental Half Marathon in 2:53:10 which was a 13:14 pace-PR for a Half Marathon ! It was chilly but I made it through ! 
watched the last round of Moot Court last night with 4 out of 5 of the actual Indiana Supreme Court Justices ! It was very exciting . Up pretty late so missed spinning this morning but plan to go on Thursday ! It is supposed to be 70 this afternoon ! Yeah ! 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to ... show it , repost this . 
had my first deep tissue massage . Definitely painful , but will definitely help ! I never knew I was sore in so many other areas ! Table for One at 91st and Meridian is definitely the place to go ! 
the moment that we have all been waiting for .... or at least I have ... I have submitted my last LARC paper for the semester ! Now onto studying for finals ! 
Nothing like a 4 mile run to celebrate the victory of submitting my LARC Memo ! The weather , besides the breeze and the fact that it got dark too early , could not have been better ! I hope everyone took a break to enjoy it ! 
ran the 4.48 mile drumstick dash in the rain in 50:56 , 11:23 minute pace on average ! Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Thanksgiving is such a wonderful time of year for many reasons . 1 . My brother and mom are home from the hospital and my brother seems to be doing better . He just needs to develop more of an appetite . 2 . I got to run in the Drumstick Dash this morning and BOTH of my parents tagged along . 3 . I get to eat really good food that my mom and family made and not feel guilty about it . ( refer to number 2 ) . 
Nothing like a 4 mile run in the cold to cement in your neighbor's minds that you are crazy ! Yes , but why be normal when crazy feels so good ! What an appropriate thought for a day filled with torts . Back to the books ! ( or my outline ) 
2 finals down 2 more to go ! A weekend of running ( Jingle < PROPFEMALE > Jog 5k ) and property ! What more could a girl wish for ? 
Got some extra sleep this morning so that these next two days of studying for my LAST final of the semester on Thursday goes splendidly ! Missed spinning but hope to be there on Thursday ! 
finally had the nerve to run outside of my neighborhood today ! 5.05 < PROPMALE > ! And a GRAND TOTAL of 566 < PROPMALE > for the year 2010 ! Happy New Year everyone !!! 
He made it !!! < PROPFIRST>'s first day of school went VERY well , and he did NOT come home exhausted !!! Thank You God !!! 
taking at least three weeks off of running ... phsyical therapist said that I could spin twice a week , lift and do yoga once though .... I love it when an injury feels like it has resolved then comes back with a vengeance ! 
so I have been a little anxious about grades ... anyone else there ? So I went in search of one of my favorite Bible Verses ... Jeremiah 29:11 -For I know the plans I have for you , ” declares the LORD , “plans to prosper you and not to harm you , plans to give you hope and a future . We may not know all of our grades but God does and it is good ! 
I have decided that today is going to be a good day ! If attitude is everything today should be a winner ! 
so it is Thursday and spinning was great ! My spinning instructor has deemed this a no whining day ! I could not agree more ! Be thankful for who and where you are and move forward ! No whining allowed ! Ten push ups for every whine ! So just save time and done whine ! Maybe work out anyway though ! 
Therapy ( for plantar fascitis ) went well and I have been promoted ! I can now run 2.5 < PROPMALE > this week and I have moved from the green theraband to a blue one ( a tougher one ) . What a great start to my week ! 
Today was a productive day ! I added substantially to my LARC research report and now it is time for that 2.5 mile run ! No school tomorrow so yet another gift of a day to work ahead ! I am so grateful ! Stay warm everyone ! 
So I got up this morning to do my 3 mile run ( which I did inside thanks to the bad weather ) . I went to the gym and one of my spinning buddies joined me close to the end . My run went well but I found it to be really difficult . To which my friend commented , \Maybe it was hard b/c you missed spinning Thursday ! \"" 
Promoted this morning to 3.5 < PROPMALE > ! 
Spinning this morning , followed by a productive day , a run this evening ( 3.5 wonderful < PROPMALE > ) and homework followed by the Good Wife . What a great day ! Hope everyone else is doing well ! 
A lady told me today at the gym that she wanted to get in shape before she started to go to spinning classes ! I have heard this argument so many times and just have to make the point that if you are using this as an excuse you have got this backwards . You spin so that you can GET into shape !!! It does not matter that you are not the best . If that is what you are waiting for , it will be a long time ! 
Good luck to those taking the Bar exam today and tomorrow ! My prayers are with you ! 
ran 6.14 < PROPMALE > today at the Indy Mini 10K Training Series ( it was a little short of 10k ) and finished my mileage in my current shoes .... I get to wear my new ones starting my next run ! What did you do to work out today ? 
Yoga Meltdown 30 minute yoga cardio dvd session with < PROPFEMALE > Michaels ... what a great start to my day ! Class , studying , more class , DTS and then Running ! Living the Dream ! Hope everyone has a stellar day ! 
