Finished my first day of college .. Got rained on and stalked then hugged by a guy , who I believe might have been on the slow side . 

I've decided .. people fail . Except for me , because I'm amazing and not self-centered at all . 
Is mildly depressed by her < PROPFEMALE > little world and is wishing she could afford to travel .. or could afford her own place . And/or get a decent job that doesn't break you down the fiber of your being strand by strand .. And is realizing that human existance is society is .. pointless . 
* doesn't break down the fiber of your being , etc 
is stuck in a freakin ' concrete box style waiting room ( No exageration .. No windows .. and everything is that awful off-yellow ) for at LEAST 2 1/2 hours .. with no cellphone and only the internet and schedule making to entertain her .. 
thinks she has a class schedule picked out ! -glee- 
is trying to make her fucking profile picture work but it's being retarded .. 
has suceeded ~ 
.. is wondering what is on her mind . .. grey matter , perhaps ? O.o 
wants a freakin ' PS3 , not only for the games , but to be able to buy < PROPFEMALE > Trek on Blue Raaaay ~ ! 
Blech . Heading off to work until 9pm . KILL ME ! 
is .. doing nuffin ' 
is making stir frrrrrry ~ 
is listening to her nine-year-old sister try to sing modern hits and .. failing . I hate to admit it , but it's kinda .. cute . I'm thinking about recording her .. and posting it here and humiliating her for years to come when she discovers facebook . Hmm .. 
* CORRECTION TO LAST STATUS UPDATE * .. -clears throat- Just want to clarify , the fact that my sister was /failing/ was cute . Not the actual sister . That is all . -nod- 
is being cyber-bullied . :( 
is tired of fucking failing so hard and the devasting disappointment that comes with each little failure . 
doesn't want to do any freaking thing , and yet .. does . Its so goddamn frustrating ! 
feels better after drawing freaky things .. 
has massive bleeding from her nasal cavities ! >.< 
is all excited about x-mas now . I've already got most of my christmas shopping finished or at least planned ~ 
.. is still listening to Daft punk . O.o 
has decided ' Schizophrenic Psycho ' by Puddle of Mudd should be her theme song . ( .. is that bad ? O.o ) 
Has decided she needs sleep afterall , especially with icey roads . Icey roads + Tired Driver = Dead Driver . 
is actually studying for her history final ~ 
is so fucking tired of drama and wants to just get along with her friends without having to worry about who's next to who and if a fight will break out . -sigh- 
is wishing Oreos were a healthy food . >,< 
-flails- 
just woke up about an hour ago . And I have to be at work in four hours -- goodbye , day . >,< 
is massively tired of doing friggin ' homeowrk . 
is .. still working on homework . -dead- 
is frustrated for no reason . -sigh- 
REFUSES TO GO GET HER MOTHER SOMETHING FROM THE KITCHEN WHEN HER MOTHER IS CLOSER TO THE KITCHEN THAN SHE IS ! 
can't believe that even though her mother just saw her facebook status , she still is asking for crap that she's closer to . Like .. her blanket . Its a little sad .. she's lying on the couch .. whining . I'm debating whether or not to put her out of her misery .. 
WANTS THE WHINING TO STOP ! -dies- 
is sick . >,< 
just dyed her hair and has reassured that it looks fine by a few people . I hope it looks alright . Too tired to worry about it now , though . I have papers to write by tommorow . >,< 
is totally listening to the BEST SONG EVER - From The Lion < PROPMALE > soundtrack , ' Be Prepared ' where Scar sings to the Hyenas about his evil plot ~ ! <3 
hasn't updated in forever . 
has to take a stupid make-up exam for spanish . No quiero tomar el examen , pero tengo que . -sigh- 
Thanks all for the happy birthday wishing goodness ~ Sorry it took so long to reply . ^^' 
is bored and hates this damn school .. and wants .. meatloaf . Yes , meatloaf sounds wonderful right now . I <3 Meatloaf ~ 
http://www.xkcd.com/721/ 
is fucking tired of facebook , tired of all of the updates and applications and tired of feeling like she's missing out on real-fucking-life because of the stupid internet . And on a slightly hypocritical note : I also miss television . .. I miss it lots . DAMN YOU LACK OF SATELLITE TELEVISION ! But , there's always netflix .. 
Is tired of fucking ranting at a goddamn internet wall , hoping someone will comment . Goddamnit all ! 
http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=30960755&id=1369374953 
Just moved Peanut into the new house and am a little worried about random accidents . Took him out once , he peed five times and just a few minutes after we had been inside , he started whining to be let out again , and what do you know ? .. three more pee-breaks . 3AM PEE-BREAKS DO NOT WORK WELL FOR ME ! But he's adorable and cuddly and my baby and totally worth it .. I think 
Decided to start updating her status more often . As if anyone cares . :P 
has decided she hates alcohol and the stupidity that always seem to accompany it . 
is fucking wired and literally twitching while listening to < PROPFIRST > Massacre's ' Ultrasound ' . Look it up . Youtube . Do it now . I command you . 
loves history , but is going to have a conniption fit if she has to do any more homework . Four chapters with varying levels of assignments in nine days might not sound awful , but crap is really getting old . 
has magically only finished two more questions on her homework in the last , oh , two days ? IT ISN'T EVEN FUCKING HARD ! 
Is on the brink of a nervous-fucking-break-down . Peanut's been whining and crying since I got home and < PROPFEMALE>'s in heat . Stupid shit is pissing me off .. things that aren't my business , but things I have to deal with . .. Someone kill me ? 
Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck 
has decided she fucking hates people in general 
is a lot better mood today surprisingly . Who knew organizing and cleaning a house could relieve stress ? 
is having a GLORIOUS steak ' n egg sandwich ~ 
Taking a break from life for Halo . 
And look at that .. my fucking day went to shit again because of people . Yay . 
I love religious people . They must have been put on this planet , BY GOD , for my amusement . Atheism ftw . 
Who's got two thumbs and just spilled an entire gallon of sweet tea on her carpet ? This girl ! -points thumbs at self- Proof of my .. winage . 
Does anyone else think it is FAR TOO FUCKING COLD OUTSIDE ?! Jesus Christ , I've got the heat on 70 and it isn't even touching it . Yay for not being able to sleep because of the temperature . Fucking wonderful .. 
Also , am I weird for reeeeally loving the idea of this :\ 
\ 
http://wastelandweekend.com/ 
SO ! I've had a new puppy since november and haven't posted almost anything about her just yet . MUST FIX ! 
Poor Peanut < PROPMALE > Butts is getting fixed very , very soon . Hopefully he enjoys the last few days of complete manhood . 
Heartburn . FML . 
Fear .. ftw 
DAMN YOU , FACEBOOK AND YOUR ABILITY TO EASILY DISTRACT ME ! 
Going to the zooooo ! :D 
This is stupid , but .. I was just reminded of my huge fear of water/swimming . \ 
Watch the beginning of Hereafter . Jesus-fucking-Christ . I was almost tearing up .. And that's SUPER weird for me . Intense . 
So am I the only one who FUCKING LOVES ANGRY BEAVERS ?! :D 
Okay , so on my .. 6th or 7th hour on guitar hero ; my left hand .. might be dead . 
.. Mother , I want you to know .. \ 
Thank you for potty-training me and teaching me to walk , but as I said on your wall like three times before you kept deleting my responses , it only took 20 years , but I'm still pleased with the end result ! :D < PROPFEMALE > Deener 
So , going back to school . It has been decided . Thinking about majoring in , * gasp * , english of some sort . MAYBE . I had mechanics . >> \ 
But , yeah , MAYBE teaching ? Don't know . Want to do some sort of writing . Reeeeally badly . Creative writing , of course , none of that technical crap . But , now I have to figure out how to pay for it and where to go . Joy . Don't you love college ? >,< 
