It's better to remain silent and be thought a fool , than to speak and remove all doubt . 

Warning : the internet may contain traces of nuts . 
Vegetarian : Native American definition for “lousy hunter” 
i need a dolla dolla dolla , a dolla is what i need . hey hey . if i share with you my story , will you share you dollar with me ?? hey hey . 
Friends may come and go , but enemies accumulate . 
Squirrels – nature’s speed bumps . 
Growth is the process of falling out of love wtih your misery . - El Budista 
Judge me by the COLOR of my SOUL ... 
is going to Splash bar tonight with a few compadres . woot woot . 
weren't you the one that said you didn't want me anymore , and how you need your space and give the keys back to your door . I tried , but you said the love was gone and that i had to leave . Now you talk about a family and that i complete your dreams and im your everything ? Dont play with me , what goes around comes around . < PROPFEMALE > . 
who gonna b my < PROPFIRST > ?? 
“Because you’re crazy” should be a legit reason to fire someone . 
loves Valentines day , where nookie is only a box of chocolates away . 
i'll have one drink , two at most , three im under the table , and four im under the host . 
all that valentines day excitement left me with a sore ass and stiff neck . 
I nicknamed my urethra , < PROPMALE > . 
Some old people are driving vehicles right now and don’t even know it . 
Egypt needs a new president . I need a summer job . This could be perfect . 
It’s cute the way you ignore the red squiggly line under all of your words . 
< PROPMALE > , very interesting name . :-p 
You’re not completely worthless I can at least use you as a bad example . 
Never assume anything but the position . 
loves his true friends . <3 The rest of you people are total assholes and dont deserve good people like us . 
I love my life & all the wonderful people I have been blessed with . <3 
Unlike the British or Australian spelling for colour/favour/neighbour , the Americans don’t include u because it’s all about them . 
school school school . oh . how i love to hate you . <3 
i may have 600 friends , but i know at least one thing about each and every one of them . <3 
After a huricane comes a rainbow 
Somethings are best unsaid but my brain to mouth filter has never worked right . 
They’ve asked me to appear on “I Shouldn’t Be Alive . ” I didn’t survive anything . They just don’t like me . 
found a metro card in central park that ended up having $20 on it . woo hoo . 
I’m not mean . I just don’t like you . 
There would be fewer problems with children if they had to chop wood to keep the television set going . 
if he dont want to be with you , MOVE ON . 
Farting is your bum referring to itself in the turd person . 
Friends are like condoms : They protect you when things get hard . 
Don’t worry about biting off more than you can chew . Your mouth is probably a whole lot bigger than you think . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won’t cross the street to vote . 
I hate it when I write a sarcastic Facebook status and someone who doesn’t get it has to comment and ruin it . 
there is nothing wrong with being single , you got to be happy with your own company before you can be happy with someone else s . HELLO . i just made coffee , breathe DEEP !!!!! 
sometimes its not what you want to hear , but what you need to hear . 
is glad he met a slue of recent assholes , bc now he can truly appreciate all of the wonderful ppl he knows and will soon meet . :-) 
There aren’t enough days in the weekend . 
I love your accent when u say diarrhea . 
Your Daily Horoscope - Virgo\ 
\ 
Tuesday , March 8th 2011\ 
Don't pay too much attention to what others do or say . It's important to push through with what you want to achieve and not be dictated by others . There is always a killjoy who can think up every possible negative reason you can't do something . Keep your inspirations intact and follow through . 
Everyone brings joy to my life . Some when they enter it and some when they leave it . 
do ppl rele still type one finger at a time ? 
how come my computer remembers a porn site i visited once , but doesnt remember netflix , which i visit every day . :-p 
The 50-50-90 rule : Any time you have a 50-50 < PROPMALE > of getting something right , there is a 90% probability you will get it wrong . 
Rosemary : I want a black top . Josh : I want one too !! ( somehow , i dont think we were talking about the same things ) 
This next song is called subtraction . Take it away ! 
the nastiest mofo's < PROPMALE > me to the ends of the earth , but the ppl i like run from me like im the Ebonic Plague . I dont understand why this always is the case . 
Mr < PROPFIRST > turned 80 today . 
Some women get excited about nothing , and then marry him . 
every day i question my existence , what is real and fake , who is real and fake , then i realize that i don't give a shit bc it doesn't matter one way or the other anyways ... 
has a zit on his ass and he is not happy about this ! 
one more class and then my brown ass gets to go home !!! :-D 
\He's turned his life around . He used to be depressed and miserable . \ 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen is something else , what you ask ? I have yet to decipher that part , but what i can tell you is that he should just DIE already . 
MTA is just like clock works , if im behind , they're behind . Only further exemplifying the problem !! bastards . * Stand clear of the rising fares * ( no please OR thank u ) 
dear sexy latino man that ate the rest of my chicken mc nuggests at mc donalds on < PROPFIRST > st , YOU ARE SOOO FUCKIN CUTE . :-) 
Everyone has the right to be stupid , but you are abusing the privilege ! 
Hello Mr. Right . Where r u my sweet ?? :-) 
One more class then I may go home . That is joy right there ladies & gentleman . <3 
is celebrating St. Patrick’s Day with his gang of leprechauns . 
great , thanks facebook people with your beer and food photos . now i want a green brew and some meat and veggies . grrr . where in the city has something to satisfy my appetite ?? suggestions ?? 
You don’t have to like me . I’m not a facebook status . 
we cant pick our parents , no , but we can kill them 
Just because you have one doesn’t mean you have to act like one . 
boiler room tonight with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , his bf , and some other homosexuals and/or lesbians . Oh my GaYness !! 
My life would be a lot easier if when shopping online there was a “Sort by least ugly” option . 
The world is composed of givers and takers .. the takers may eat better , but the givers sleep better . 
You think Genitalia is an Italian airline . 
Do you ever just look at someone and “why” is the only thing you can come up with ? 
Everything is changing . People are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke . 
If obstacles get in your way , do as the wind does whistle and go around them . 
Let’s be honest : When life gives you lemons , most of you just cry to the internet about it . 
someone should start drag < PROPFEMALE > nights at the gym . id actually go . lol 
Nobody’s a virgin life screws us all . 
When a man signals a woman to walk in front & says , “Ladies first” it really means “Go ahead . I’ll stand back & watch how your ass walks . ” 
\People on the West Coast want you to think they have all the answers when they really don't; People on the East Coast want you to think they're more important than they really are ; People in the North want you to think they are tougher than they really are ; People in the South want you to think they're nicer than they really are . People in the Midwest wish everyone else would mind their own business and shut up . \"" 
we can try to understand the NY Times effect on men ! 
words are very unnecessary , they can only do harm . 
< PROPFIRST > !!!! You are not oinkerlicious ! 
made sauteed chicken with red sauce topped with melted provolone cheese and a side of pasta dusted with < PROPFEMALE > oil & cracked black pepper . And I opened an expensive ( 10 dollar ) bottle of cab sav wine !!! mmmmm . :-) 
\Fuck the men lets drink to Us \"" 
if we want to keep vehicular intercourse to a minimum , La Sher should not have a drivers license . She hit a parked bus today . :-p 
People better watch their p’s & q’s before I start handing out f’s and u’s ! 
Life is like a mirror , we get the best results when we smile at it . 
It’s not pretty being easy . 
what a day . school wore my ass OUT !! 
There can be no rainbow without a cloud and a storm . 
Don’t play stupid with me – I’m better at it . 
Materialism : buying things we don’t need with money we don’t have to impress people that don’t matter . 
between work , school , life , emails , and other general bullshit .. there are too many passwords , codes , pins , resetting of them , and of course everything is CaSe SenSatiVe . * banging head on keyboard * 
ahh the joys of roommates . if you dont use all of your groceries in one sitting , they're fair game and gone !! * oink oink * is that my roommate i smell ?? 
is the one and only BEARDED LADY ! 
cansado enojada contenta triste estresada aburrido enfermo nerviosa preocupada = tired angry happy sad stressed bored sick nervous worried 
Did you ever notice that there are more horses’ asses in the world than there are horses ??? 
\ ... Since I've met you and moved to < PROPFIRST > ... my life is as good as an Abba song . It's as good as Dancing < PROPFEMALE > . \"" 
Men are like lottery tickets . Very exciting at first , until you scratch away the surface to reveal the loser beneath . 
your taste is something Godiva cant recreate . 
I wish girls came with a carfax . 
Ear wax is disgusting . But when you’re out of Vegemite , you’re out of Vegemite . 
is renting a room if anyone is looking or knows anyone looking . 450 all inc , 4 blocks from the 7 train , 30 mins to midtown . avail 5/21 
homework homework homework ... the joys of higher education ... lol 
why come some people think you NEED them and you cant LIVE without them ? Pullease . I dont NEED you or anyone . I have everything i NEED in my own arms . 
If people talk behind your back , it’s because you’re ahead of them . 
1000 aches = = 1 megahurtz 
On a walk , my son saw a pay phone , asked what it was . I made him look it up on his Blackberry . 
Efff you , little sticker on produce ! 
Life without bears would be unbearable . 
was rudely awoken by some fool outside in the middle of\ 
the street hollering at the top of his lungs for absolutely no\ 
reason , other than he i just got booted from a bar ( barn ? ) ... and I\ 
have a paper due today at 5pm . I see how this day is going to unfold &\ 
progress . lol 
<3 ' s < PROPFIRST > & Jesus & MB <3 
\The shit you hear about me could be true or it could be as fake as the bitch who told you \"" 
is in the library typing away like an Asian receptionist . * click clack click clack * 
