Since < PROPFEMALE > did the ending of the Christmas vacation feel so good ? except of course having To leave mikes house . I just can't wait to start college . 

i'm bored you made it sound awesome to be addicted . lol 
I found love .... in McSorley's < PROPFEMALE > black Lager !!!!! 
this bum asked me for 2 dollors for a cup of coffee and a muffin , infront of a DD's . i told him i didn't have change and i would get it . he said he wanted it from somewhere else . obviously this guy was going to buy crack , so i didn't give it to him . but for some reason i walked away feeling like shit ..... i shuda gave it to him . 
i blame apple for < PROPFEMALE>'s pro . lazy behavior ! did you know the iphone can shut the lights off in your house !!!! with the push of a freaking button !!! 
man baby's are cute . i hate it when my baby has extra cute sprinkled on him cause it makes me want to eat him with bri !! like today it's a good thing he fel asleep fast today other wise i would keep him up laughing just to get my cute voice fix !! ahh ... cute , cute , cute . 
fatigue , irriablity , pain .... blood . i hate being a woman . 
it's funny wat life throws at u .... did i say funny i ment sick ... SICK ! IT'S a SICK sad world . 
nothing is everything and everything is nothing , like the opposite obits of an atom , it has to be there . 
i jus ' wanna be o.k , be o.k , be o.k i jus , wanna be o.k !!! 
i can pretend like i'm o.k but then i do something to pick the scab and there i am bleeding ... again . it's never gonna heal this way and if it ever does it's gonna leave a scar if i keep picking at it . 
i'm not liking this poke 3some with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! i poke u asses better don't poke back !! 
all in a frenzy over a bottle of booze . what a life . 
WHEN I FIND MYSELF IN TIMES OF TROUBLE , MOTHER < PROPFIRST > COMES TO BE SPEAKING WORDS OF WISEDOM !..... let it be . 
OMG ! i was stuck for mad long on the highway last night because it was fluded o.d. it looked like a goddam ocean . there were cars that tryed to get through and got stuck that were just like floating away in the waves . it was crazy ! and i had my baby in the back who was sleeping but i didn't have a bottle if he woke up . 
i don't even care !!!! i don't care !!! i'm going nutz !!! someone for the love of god help me !!!!!! 
and the poke wars continue ... 
you speak fat . 
the truth is . i'm a little nerotic , and a little beaten , can u blame me for biting the hand that feeds ? 
OMG ! my freakin ' head is drowning in mucus !! ... i hate alergy season . it gets worse every year . 
i can't wait to go to the park with my son later ! it's good walking practice . :) 
\she busts your balls ' cause you're a bitch !! you're a greedy little bitch !! I'd bust your balls ! \"" 
i hate stupid people . i hate their big t-shirts . i hate their jeans . i hate their ability to fool strangers of their stupidity . it's annoying and then you talk to them and it's like . oh , you're fucking stupid . 
I hate the whole , you're dead to me mentality after a break up . like you turn into a shrub whenever someone breaks p with u . u know . then suddenly people start pissing on you ! it suxx ! you know ?? 
i am the happiest girl in the world right now ! sometimes things just happen to u out of nowhere that make u feel high ! or something . this is one of those times . * time don't move ! i dn't want this feeling to go away . * 
i can't hear out of my left ear . haven't been able to all week . i'm sick of holding the right side of my head up to hear properly . i should see a doctor .... oh but than there's that whole insurance lost thing . :( WAHH , I'M DEAF ! 
things seem pretty quite around hear . it's givin ' me the urge to start some shit again . idky , it's like , life is so boring sometimes i just have to be a manice ! lol . 
.... but no ! i wont do it ! no matter how bored , this isn't me ! fight the scandalous desires !!!!! 
got to write this essay .... CURSE YOU FACE BOOK 
dam the man !!! 
If I should die This very moment I wouldn't feel For I've never known completness Like being here Wrapped in the warmth of you Loving Every breath of you Why live life from dream to dream 
just got home from hamlet the opera . siiiiiiiiick fuckin ' play . i've never felt so black . 
i'm so pissed at life . it never quits . never can i just get a break anymore , there's always some fine print that i can't even see until i'm hit with a $50 < PROPMALE > . 
from now on i am a shell . i chose to feel nothing . i will not think anything . i am nothing but a calcium deposit . 
WHAT THE FUCK !!!! 
HAPPY EASTER ! yay jesus ! 
man it's monday . my spring break was so short . i need likanother week to catch up ! i hate leaving hings for the last minute ! 
oh GOD ! i am so not looking forward to tommorrow :( i don't want vacation to be over . 
i stayed home :( 
just let it rock , let it rock , let it rock . <3 
hot day . just got back from the gym . hope i move tommorrow . i'm fucking exhausted !! someone tell me tommorrow is my birthday ... or some good news . 
i can move . 
i'm super hardcore , that ' why .... ahh !! i'm so bored , adem ! cry or something ... 
goodnight all . 
someone give me a phone !!!!! i hate this shit , it's ridiculous just bonkerz ! lol 
i feel like a real ass hole >.< 
<3 
F : is for friends that do stuff together U : is for u and meeee N : is for anywhere and anytime at all down here in the big city ! :) this was today . i had fun ! yay ! 
and another loooooong week ahead of me begins ...................................................................... now . 
has anyone ever eaten all the sour sugar at the bottom of a sour skittles bag ?? do u know how instantly i regreted it ? 
shit just turned on me . oh no !!!!!!! 
happy hump day FB ! <3 
so i guess i'm not irrististable anymore :/ blahh 
feelin refreshed , feelin clear headed , feelin productive . i have so much to do today . bring it on saturday !! 
battery dieing . gonna do some h.w. then going to bed . night losers . XD ( i love it ) 
i'm bored .... i'm bored !! I\M BORED !!!! " 
hey , let me borrow your life . 
okay . there's a little debate over pain = love . this is total bull , right ?? gimme ur opinion . 
i want french fries 
he was like a father to some of us who were lost ; who needed somebody to believe that we could be young forever and that's what blind man brought to us , he will forever be in our hearts with his cigarettes and his sunglasses , cooler then ever . R.I.P BlindMan . 
Who was Blind Man ?? he was a drug dealer , he was scam artist , he was old and blind . but that's not y we remember him . that's just how we know him . he was a simple man . Never asked for much . he had a parate and a wife . 
morning morning morning .... 
everyone seems to suck lately 
watching beetle juice . forgot how much i like this movie on a summer night in a/c . 
i like wear fasion is goin ' this season . anything goes . time to break out the vintage shades !!!! :) 
My Poor adem is sicky poo !!! 
i hate fake bitches that think they know everything then flake out the first < PROPMALE > they get ! the fuckers . 
it's a vicious cycle ... fuck it . the tide is to strong to fight . there's nothing i can do but ride it , and hope not to drown . 
\The misconseption is that trust is always expecting to be told the truth 
i just saw nightmare on elm st. it had it's moments of awesome but really was what i expected , it didn't blow me away . but it was good still . that ending was sick . lol i loved the ending <3 
i send my love out to everyone tonight ! life can be fabulous if u can look around the shit infron ' of < PROPFEMALE > <3 
always feels on egde randomly lately :( 
GTFOHWTBS .... lolz wow .... 
devoting to not care less 
you r annoying me , u stupid pod . 
a < PROPFEMALE > in , labtop dies . i'm not the first draft type of girl . i think about it , type it and it's a masterpeice and it can't be dublicated ... motherfucker 
home again , and alone =( 
the script has been changed more times then < PROPMALE > dicks vibrator . lol . 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status \ 
and see what people rateyou . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative\ 
. 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Moody . 7 : Dumb . 8 : Spoiled . 9 : \ 
Mouthy . 10 : Random . 11 : Hot . 12 : Funny . 13 : Sexy . 14 : Amazing . 15 : Cute . 16 : Generous17 : Smart Ass . 18 : Cool 19 : No Comment 20 : ... Beautiful 21 : blonde 
says shoulder pads are hidious . 
i miss my baby !!!! bring back , bring back , bring back my addy to me , to me !! 
Iron man , sadistic midgets , and finger monkeys . lol 
omg < PROPFIRST > u give me a headach . 
ren and stimpy is on !!! yay !! made my whole night . lol 
everything about babies make them the best thing on earth . there cute little faces . there soft little skin . the ignorance in there eyes just look so innocent . it's just beautiful <3 can't wait to get adem home again . 
i'm smoking cigarettes and cigarettes and cigarettes and cigarettes !! i'm smoking cigarettes and cigarettes and cigarettes and cigarettes ! ... like my song ?? true story . 
i love the night . it's comforting to be sitting in a room of pure darkness and silence with nothing but the streetlights out my window to remind me of the city . i just relized today that i wait for the sun to go down all day :( 
eww . raw organic chicken smells like fuckin fart . 
< PROPFEMALE > much on my mind . nothing to say . get back to you later ... 
why do women control there men ? are women really that insecure with thier relationships ? and if they are , shouldn't they just end it ?? it doesnt make any fucking sense ? im not saying lead ur men to the water of lust or anything but geez . women plz let ur men breath , if they decide to fuck it up it's on him , and not on ur smothering , pathedic , questioning and demanding ...... fuck . 
they say if u dream of a rat someone is gonna stab u in the back . WELL i wasn't sleeping but i had a flash while still lying down this morning of steping in my kitchen right < PROPFEMALE > this dam dog size rat leaps across my feet , SO which one of u fuckers is it .... fess up !! 
silent library is actually really funny when ur watching it with people . lmao ! im cracking up i dont think i could do it . 
i got my compass test in the morning . i'm so nervous , but regardless of the results i'm taking adem to the pool , it's gonna be to nice a day to be stuck in the house . \ 
had a long day with my brother ( a proud father ) and a long day 2mrw with all this , so goodnight facebook friendzz !! XD 
i want to have a water balloon fight 
there's nothing i love more then looking over to catch rocket's big < PROPFEMALE > eyes looking into mine <3 
so i totally graduated LIKE high school today . bout to celebrate with the family of friends Mikey Millan , Lakim Hawks , < PROPFEMALE > ( whatever ur last name is lol ) , and < PROPMALE > bemis lmao ! 
i think i've had a break through . i'm actually starting to feel like myself again , and I've been shamelessly watching VH1 again . this time alone , but it doesnt bother me . project get my soul back in progress ... wish me luck . 
have < PROPFEMALE > ever been refered to as cancer ?? like < PROPFEMALE > u grow on someone ?? i know it soundz odd but it's one of the nicest compliments i have ever gotten <3 
y r some days so fucked up ??? no matter where i go or wat do i attrack everybodys bullshit ! what is this !! 
all i've ever seen is guys with game , and sweet words . this guy is perfect . he does everything right and he's not playing games , he actually likes ME !!! fuck this is awesome !!!! im going to sleep now , i just had to say that <3 
i lost my phone . i think someone stole it . other then being pissed , getting it back is such a hasle cuz whoever has it turned it off ..... smart move < PROPFIRST > doe 
shiska 
idc wat anyone says im not getting another tattoo until im at least 2lb . lighter lol . nah idc how i look its my body if u dnt like it well u can just stick ur head up ur ass cuz thats wat u'll look like anyway tellin me i cant do somethin to my own body ! >.> 
i cant wait to < PROPFEMALE > wit mikey tmrw . it will most def . be epic ;) 
all guys either want a midget or a monkey . guys ??? 
racist jokes r the best <3 
i was plum suprised . 
i love my LIttle AdEm RockeT =.> 
i grind my teeth < PROPFEMALE > i sleep and wake up with a huge headach and my jaw hurts every morning . i dnt even notice im doing it until i go to brush my teeth and have to release to let the tooth brush in . then my head starts feeling better . thank you for listening , lol 
must clean must clean must clean 
im the badest of the bad , im the best that u've ever had .... 
EVERYTHING IS GOING SO WELLLLLLLLL !!!! I LOVE MIKEY MILLAN <3 
yay , my shampoo made my hair smell like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > cookies 8D 
this morning is so lame as hell ... i can't wait to go to mikeys house later on :( 
my mother might still be drunk from last night , and is driving me around today ..... this should be intrresting =O 
if u think of a memory then start to smell the memory like ur actually there , does that mean u miss it ?? 
im taking a poll . ok , blackberry torch or iphone 4 ?? 
last night i felt so sick , but this morning im off to work like a good girl :) hopefully < PROPFEMALE > i get back i have to go back tmrw : X 
got to do dishes .... but im thirsty so i feel handi-cap . does anyone know an effective way to kick the procrastination habbit ?? 
i hate denny`s 
im bored and hungry and worried all at the same time . i just want to be home with my babyies adem and Mikey Millan 
i dont like people who r easily brain washed . thats the type of person who has a whole set of beliefs one month then in another , has a completely different set . y r some people to weak to be themselfs and make other people the bad guys ?? 
is it friday yet ? 
<3 mmmm fudge 
exhausted . i need my license already , and i need a car . public transportation is killing me every morning with adem . 
i miss Mikey Millan :( 
will i ever be < PROPMALE > and famous ? 
lipbalm locked in < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > office ... lips burnig ... thanx Mr. a . all because u want an education lol 
is feeling sick and needs sleep . 
that b **** deleted me 
so stwessed . so so stwessed . i want next week to come so i can start over 
7:11 THAT'S A LUCKY NUMBER !! lmao 
did anyone from cunyprep find the < PROPFIRST > collegesurvival < PROPFEMALE > ?? can u suggest me as a friend , cuz i can't find it . 
adem's scaring me !!!! lmao , im sitting on my couch doin the facebook thing and i look over cuz i notice he's laughing and he's crawling backwards and spinning around and cueing and throwing himself on the floor to roll around , it's the cutest thing i've ever seen !!!! lol im gonna go play with him now , chio ! 
move out . move out . move out . there's so many opportunities in ny wat am i affraid of ?? 
i like it infront of the door on the closet doornob 
i wonder what people born in other parts of the u.s facebooks ' look like , because i can't imagine mine without all my friends bitching about the mta and speeding tickets , not to mention the occasional bum story . 
wow . he actually made my heart hurt a little bit . i'm just a wrong type of person ?? idk how to feel right now . go to sleep ... 
sick sick im so sick . all my sences have been dulled , i feel fake . 
im thinkin i miss someone .... 
\OOOOHHHH < PROPFIRST > SAID SHE GOT NO NIPPLES !! \"" 
God !! this women ! does menopause make u bi-polar ???? 
well i finally appreciate being adolesant without a care in the world ... to bad the time has passed :( now im just young with no excuse ... 
so many things on my mind i feel like i have two minds . and it's monday morning .. got to find the strength to have a third >.< blah 
in the case of 1 year old adem , ( fathers name ) u r ..... 
lazana school lunch tastes so much better knowing its free and already prepared to eat when im hungry :) 
omg !!! hug a tall person day just happens to be on my birthday ! lol im a loser . 
i smell like gasoline now . thanks CP . 
omg ! i love just dance . sooo much fun ! my whole body burns from jumpin around lol . i think im cute . lmao you guys gotta get it ! 
goodnight fb and , my bby , i love you Mikey Millan 
ahhh , peace and quiet , and just a slight upset stomach :) happy monday everyone , time to make the donuts 
god , i love forgiving people . it really is for me . wow it never felt so good to be selfish . 
i love mi-mi <3 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
omg i accidentally liked usher . fu*k . 
i seriously have the best boyfriend in the world . he's like a gardian angel sent to aid my heart and show me what love is . i'm so glad he's mine XD love you my-my 
most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . i know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but\ 
my friends will be the 3% that do . in honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status 
I'm thankful for everything i have . thank you cp for handing me college . thank you mommy for making my life easier . thank you adem for maturing me and eing cute still , even when u act like ur possessed with demons . thank you < PROPFIRST > for loving me and my family as ur own and being emotionally stable and unaggresive . everythigs good ... 
< PROPFIRST > Osteen says \wait earnestly\ " :) i need all the faith i can get right now . " 
am i the only one in the world constantly stuffing my face after everyone's in their room for the night ?? lol 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas 
They're keeping mommy becuz of the blizzard :( 
Mikey Millan Made my Xmas so special , he's the best . Just wanted everyone to know that . I love you bay baberz . 
wtf ?? why does it feel like i give everything that is asked and more and when i ask for him just to show up it's so complicated and like i deserve nothing ! he thinks i should get no help to raise him ? like u deciding when u want to see the baby is enough . men are unbelievable . should i let my ex pick up adem on sunday ? just ur honest opinion and ill way out the options . 
alright guys , my brother is the drummer in this band and hes awesome . the band needs to make it otherwise ill cry and no one wants me to cry . its really sad trust me , like a sick kitten or something reall really sad . but anyway they are\ 
Nightfall Phenomenon and they are one sexy ass band so i suggest we all go see them Nightfall Phenomenon- The break contest Feb 5th @ THE < PROPMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is a bitch , and it will make you pay thousands of dollars . 
adem was slipping and sliding in the slush this afternoon on purpose and an old man stopped and saw what he was doing and called him crazy ! lmao 
Mikey Millan is like comfort food , he just makes makes u feel good in all the right places and then sleepy . I'm gonna go curl up next to him now with a pint of chocolate ice cream and watch < PROPFEMALE > . lol yum 
my living room will never be clean again . it hasn't been for 3 days even with me cleaning up behind the torado of 2009 that's still going on called Adem . he turns 2 on Wednesday . coincidence ? i think not . 
stfu i hate fb too !! 
Omg Adem was starring down mikes cousin who was a grown women in a tight black dress lol , then as she walking by outstretched his arms and screams ti-ti ! Lmao he's suck a boy :( still I was kinda hopping he would find girls disgusting until at least 5th grade . 
My mind moves to fast for my iPad :( theres such a lagg on the wifi it's not even worth it if u have an itouch already . Lame . 
i want more iiiiiiiiink :( 
today is so lame .... im so done with this dam winter . i feel so alone :( 
What's going on with him lately ? 
I love < PROPFIRST > s day this year ! I have the perfect < PROPFIRST > and am going to eat it up ! Cheezy , gushy , corny , and perfectly romantic is what I'm aiming for this year ! Wish me luck lol 
Omg my sister is pregnant again ! I'm so happy cuz I hope it's a girl then we can swap lol 
watching the rangers vs . thrashers and missing < PROPFIRST > . rooting rangers but of course thrashers just scored :( lol 
Omg that game sucked and what the hell was with fergie ? I never seen her so ugly maybe she just shouldn't be seen on an led screen :/ yikes ! 
What a pathetic life , I'm goin to sleep ! 
Omg everyones posting love status ' is this really a sign that valentines day has some actual significance more then just buying appreciation ? I wish I knew the story of valentines day . Like is it a magical time of yr . Where everyone starts feeling all warm and gooy or is it something in the dead of winter air ? Idk tell me what u think the start is . 
Must sleep ... Math test in the morning ..... Must sleep .... 
i wanna go back to bed ... i still feel sick :( 
I miss my sister 
I thought in my \20s\ " teen angst would be a thing of the past but there it goes again just knocking at my door ( who am I ? What does it all mean ) ...... shit " 
I love my my so much his my everything :) your the best Mikey Millan 
SO P.O today . Worse day ever I swear I just want it to end ! All of it , all the crap ! 
So I'm listening to the blacks keys brothers album and Adem is dancing to every song and before I know it I can hear him singing the words to she's long gone ! Lmao 
