thinks its strange that everyone complained about myspace having too much crap on it ; yet , facebook is a bajillion times worse with all its add and notifications ! Facebook is just the new trendier myspace with an identity crisis ... don't even get me start 

i looked up this morning and the sun was gone . i turned on the music to start my day . i lost myself in a familiar song , i closed my eyes and i slipped away .......!!! 
finished watching season 8 episode 15 of scrubs . one of the last . now for the rest of them 
hurts 
wonders what happened to wonderboy 
hello world 
soooo tried . time for bed i have work in the morning 
watched clash of the titans again last night and still loves it despite the haters ! lol . can't wait for the remake ! 
thinksits too bad no one is on . 
is awake and seeking company 
is craving sushi . why is there no late night sushi restaurant ! 
im off tonight and tomorrow to see all my friends and hangout before i leave ! i work wed thur and friday ! and then am packing over the weekend ! hit me up before i'm gone !!! 
anyone have any good book recommendations for me !? i have a long flight ! 
is packing her bags ! and she doesn't understand the meaning of traveling light ! lol 
just hit the library up from some books for her trip . sadly < PROPFEMALE > was all checked out as well as some of the other options her lovely friends recommended . but i did find a fabulous and strange assortment of books to suite all of my various tastes . :) yay 
oh thank god i can take two bags of luggage ! 
\LEAVIN ON A JET PLANE DONT KNOW WHEN ILL BE BACK AGAIN ! \"" 
has still not adjusted to the time difference here ! im only getting 3 and if im lucky 4 hours of sleep a night !... on the brightside i love it here ! smells that remind of childhood and family i havent seen in years ! 
feels very in touch with her roots as she wandered home through the narrow winding streets of her familys small hometown , in her garden dress with meister brot baguette in one arm and a bottle of apfelwein ( applewein)in the other . lol 
BARCELONA WEDNESDAY biatches ! 
managed to fit everything into 1 < PROPFEMALE > on for 4 days in barcelona . only to find out there are beaches in barcelona ... for some reason the fact that it was a coastal town didnt click and has realized her bathsuit is in < PROPFEMALE > :( oh well i was really planning on spending my time at galleries/museums/clubs/restaurants/ and parks .... 
wishes she´d practiced her spanish after highschool . all she can identify on facebook is the \me gusta\ " option . must make note to make friends with spanish speakers here at hostel " 
IITTTSSS HOOT HERE IN BARCELONAAA ! lets all just get naked ! 
´s last day in BArcelona(technically ) tomorrow we go to Figueres to see < PROPMALE > dalis house/museum !! stoked !!! 
its 8am and its already fucking 89· . its gonna be a hot one . im so ready to leave the heat . 
is finally home-sick . 
home sick 
berlin day one ! sweet ! 
is slappin da bass ! 
`s apartment loft ? hotel in berlin has a gargatuan popart of two naked woman biting each other ... 
getting tipsy in berrrlin @ the east beach bar where instead of the traditional 4 walls we have the river on one side the berlin wall on the other and the night sky to light the scene ! 
comess home mondayyyyy 5pm-ish !! 
home monday early evening !! 
needs a mojito stat ! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
is watching Fiddler on the Roof and has discovered the < PROPMALE > heritage behind the russian folk dancing -- vodka . All the stomping and hitting the floor their just such jovial drunks . lol . 
looooveeeessss < PROPFIRST > McHale . 
i wish i was bristish . oh late night with the < PROPMALE > norton show . 
is sleep depriving herself on purpose in hopes to force herself to start going to bed before 4am . 
Autumn is obviously having an identity crisis . It wants to be ridiculously hot and popular like Summer , but its ok Autumn to be yourself . We all love you just as cool as you used to be , so please quit this ridiculous weather so i can bring out my cute layers . 
jesus . is there anything going on tonight ? 
will work work for the travel channel at some point in her life . decided . 
has decided with my next paycheck i will make sushi . 
just put way too much wasabi in her mouth . burning . 
woke up at noon tangled in the warmth of her comforter . The wind howled through the trees outside her bedroom window , stirring the blinds and wind chimes each time it blew through her open window . i love fall . 
UPS just delivered my halloween costume and it looks awesome ! let the parties begin ! 
omg . facebook pirate speak is fabulous ... errr i mean , this pirate speak be pleasin to me eyes . 
i wish work was closer to home ; Beach&Garfield seems so far away . working late at starbucks sucks worse because of the built up caffeine immunity . Looks like im swtching to crack cocaine ! 
survey question for all of you ages 18-26 : what word or phrase would you use to describe our generaration . i.e : 60's protests , revolution ; 80's materialism , . working on an english paper your input would be appreciated . 
fuck disneyland 
COME ONE COME ALL ! some friends and i have decided we are going to go bowling in costume ! I think it'd be pretty freakin awesome if loads of people did the same . WEDS . FOUNTAIN VALLEY BOWL 10:30 pm BOWL in your COSTUME $2per game and $4 for shoes . 
facebook chat is acting up ! 
omg , costumed bowling and drinking was the best idea i ever had ! well maybe in the top 10 ! 
i think everyone who went drinking and bowling last night missed their morning classes or at least are having a super hungover shift at work . 
siiicck 
house sitting make me miss my DVR at home 
is grateful her father taught her how to get out of headlocks and how to make a punch really hurt , but is more grateful < PROPFIRST > is scary when he's angry and that < PROPFIRST > owns licensed and registered guns ! 
a bottle of wine , coffee , cocoa , and a meteor shower in the pitch black of the canyon . we know how to party :) 
mmmm law and order : svu satisfying everytime 
finally watched The Last < PROPMALE > of Scotland ! awesome ! 
doesnt want to start on her research paper :( or journal , or her economic analysis/reconstruction assignment of the current U.S Budget . i dont wwaaaannt tooo ! 
i see now why they say to excercise discipline , because it you dont you loose it . im trapped and high unmotivated . lol 
< PROPFEMALE > jewelers commercials always make me want to hurl 
is looking hot with her sweat pants pulled over her toes because she cant find her fuzzy socks . 
just found out she passed her math class that she thought shed failed two semesters ago ! just that much closer to being done ! 
just got home from a fabulous noir movie night with friebds . but is still craving more goodness . what ever shall i watch next ? 
is freezing ! and sad cause her bestie is mad . se la vie . now back to the massive amount of HW im avoiding . finals week is here . 
is getting her illegal on ;) 
is settling down with a little Dr. Strangelove for the night . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > quotes give me intellectual orgasms ! 
finals are over ! partying begins tomorrow night ! whos stoked !? >> this girl << 
i want to christmas < PROPFIRST > ... 
so i know its old . but i just discovered the TV show Jericho on netflix . im two episodes in and so far its good ! 
i hope our power and electrical works by thursday so my family can have a proper christmas :( 
oh Netflix , thank you for providing me with good TV in a form with which i can weed out the crap . thank you for lulling me to sleep at night and helping me unwind after finals :) 
i know its not thanks giving anymore but i am grateful for the generous veitnamese lady that lives across the street for bringing me so much joy when she delivers hand made eggrolls just to be neighborly ! 
needs to shop for 2 more people and is finding them to be quite difficult to shop for 
power is out at the corpuz house again tonight . gaddamn it ! @ 
its so scary walking around the house with a flickering flash light . serious heebie jeebies , cant sleep 
i want to find an online bookclub with threads i can follow that will give be some good recommendations . if i cant find one maybe ill make one 
loves the holidays cause you get to see everyone who has been gone <3 < PROPFEMALE > much fun . anotyher late night but i hav28 more dayys to recover ! I LOVE WINTER BREAK ! 
dinner&presents with family followed by wine , reading , and blues with friends . 
preparing for ugly sweater party ! 
i miss having adventurous female roommates . why oh why is the world asleep when i crave good conversation more than anything in the whole verse . anyone awake want some hot chocolate and a chat ? my < PROPFIRST > in FB info . 
dayquil , sudafed , claritin and errands don't go well together . but i checked the labels it did not say i couldn't mix them . 
some lady just cut me off in the parking lot then cut off another person just so she could get into the drive thru line at starbucks . guess what lady I'm working and u bettyer believe your drink will be messed up ! 
wants to cry cause she cant find her pictures from germany and barcelona . god damn mess . 
I need to find a place that complements my soul , my energy , my life aspirations . i feel that this change would be the answer to many of my troubles and give me the inspiration i need to live my life to its fullest . 
loves how ringo made < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > look like a tool on his own show . hah . 
got a taste of self-loathing when she felt domestic glee upon finding the best deal on the grocery items she'd been hunting . so awesome ... so sad ... 
I JUST SAW The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus ! it was beautiful , charming , naughty , dark ! Totally worth seeing on big screen ! if u like movies like Big Fish or the upcoming < PROPFEMALE > and wonderland go see it . so much better than AVATAR ( C.G.I. < PROPFEMALE > Gully ) 
Avatar was ok . sort of a vomit of everything that makes a commercial box office hit . romance , CGI , Sci-Fi , Action , war , good guy wins . yes its touching and yes thought provoking , but no more than any other\humans are the real bad guys\ " story . really to me it was just a expensive < PROPFEMALE > Gully . " 
so pissed i cant go to the hollywood < PROPMALE > show for < PROPFIRST > tonight . fuck work . 
I JUST DANCED IN HAIL ! and then collected it to chill our alcohol 
there they were just sitting out in plain view , how could i resistsuch a random yet perfect collection of ingredients ? walnuts , chocolate chips , cranberries , oatmeal , and applesauce . five more minutes until the oven dings ... im sooo excited ! 
thank you , jeebus for Puffs plus tissues . off to find cough drops . 
is working on her very first piece for the school paper :D 
today is gorgeous ! and i have to write and article and work all night ! FML ! in the meantime does anyone want to get chipotle with me ? quick trip . 
the only reason i'm sad to have been here at work all day is that i missed The Who , but that's what the internet is for . 
hey everybody ! Let's all post little non-specific quips on Facebook about the Superbowl . It's not like anyone else is doing it ! We'll be so clever and witty !.... work makes me bitter 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > IS A SEXY BEAST ! 
Today I had to interview the Campus Director of Public Safety for an article . As I waited , I expected a rotund , middle-aged , or at least nearing middle-aged , man with a thick mustache , perhaps a retired police sergeant to appear . Instead , a very very good looking , well groomed 29yrold adonis stood before me . Stunned for only a moment we greeted each other ; but then he smiled & my steamy fantasy ensued 
brain unable to process anymore information . brain needs stimulant . must read . must learn . help brain function . more redbull ? 
should be studying , but instead googled < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and realized he died in 1995 ! then wondered if his work is more expensive now that he's dead or if his iconic hair was more famous than his impact/work on the < PROPMALE > community . talk amongst yourselves . 
I am the newest editor for the campus paper ! yay ! 
i just learned to make bombay style chicken curry and donuts in 10 minutes ! 
quietly sardonic ;) i like that in a man . 
new favorite historical figure : Akkbar the Great of the Mugal Empire . No , you nerds , not the Admiral . 
iii wwwannnt gypsy den chai and coconut spice cake . 
has been looking up which bar i want to celebrate my b-day at . After Griffith Observatory I'm thinking , Beauty Bar and Busbys & maybe Cinespace cause its in walking distance . we shall see . 
i could see myself being a colbert stalker . i love him so . \ i deified it\ " who wouldn't tap that . " 
keep having to remind myself that its ok to be miserable for the next few days , hunker down and finish the last two articles , cause this weekend i'll be drunk in LA , basking in the sun at the observatory , and eating birthday cake . 
is on a mission to block every damn iheart , cutesy , fluffy animal loving , farmville wannabe app that people insist on wasting their time and her interspace with . die . 
germans do it better 
I'm discussing with my cousin in germany how americans celebrate st. patricks day whether they're < PROPFEMALE > or not , because we dont have any drinking holidays of our own so we adopt others . She tells me she's really never heard of it til recently when her boyfriend broke their weds . date night tradition to go out and drink at an < PROPFEMALE > pub for some reason he'd never heard of til last week . 
just got her review sheet for her history midterm . FML how am i ever going to get through all this with my birthday . 
nobody likes you when you're 23 
back from the < PROPMALE > show and downtownFullerton bar scene . spending the end of my Bday night editing < PROPMALE > icles for the paper . i trusted the staff had some good stuff for me . BUT ALL I GOT WAS CRAP ! so now i have to be up ' til 5am rewriting their plagarism and their bland writing not even worth a classified in the < PROPFEMALE > saver . yay ... 
haHA ! promoted again ! I am now managing editor of opinions and entertainment . 
home , exhausted , unmotivated . just in time to study for my midterm tomorrow . yay . any volunteers to drill me later ? 
my last midterm is weds . i think we should do something extra special thursday to celebrate ! thirsty thursday anyone ? 
cant find her phone ... 
yay . my first arguement with a staff writer ! I love spending 20minutes justifying my reasoning via text message at 8:30 am . 
can smell a bitch from a mile away ; especially the self-rightgeous immature ones . everyone has a sixth sense . i totally called it ! 
i call to order this spring break with the celebratory tacos&beer ! Hurrray ! call us if you want to join in todays festivities . 
There is some dirty old perv claiming to be a coffee connoisseur telling me how to do my job as he sits in the lobby talking as loud as possible to anyone who will pay him attention , and then he totally leans over lets loose a massive wet fart all over the chair i have to wipe later . no shame . FUCK STARBUCKS !! 
i want to visit st. petersburg !!!!!!! 
in bed with pushkin onegin tchaikovsky and a hot tottie tea and rum . the best . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , really ? did you really feel the need to make a coming out announcement ? we all have known you were gay for years . 
pissed that the crappy weather is putting a damper on my outdoor plans . never fear changing gears . who wants to get some huge bottles of wine and spend the day cooking some badass thai food with me ? dinner party later i'll cook , but i dont clean . calling < PROPFIRST > . 
there is nothing better or worse than a night with < PROPMALE > campbell movies , thai food , and rum ! 
check out the british indie flick happy go lucky . bizaarrrelyy funny chick flick !! also i highly recommend always < PROPFEMALE > in philidelpha for those who have not yet enjoyed its pleasures . 
i want to go to chicago and take a creepie photo with the \american gothic \ " statue . " 
thai spice chicken satay last night with peanut sauce , and grilled steak with red wine hickory bbq redeuction sauce today . god im good . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is a < PROPFEMALE > mixing god ! peanut m&ms , reese's pieces , raisins , and a dash of sour gummis ! the perfect movie watching blend ! remind me to have you pick th < PROPFEMALE > more often . also , now i must begin writing my movie review of clash of the titans . :) 
max'n and relaxin ' all cool like the fresh < PROPMALE > . lol . mojito , sundress , sun , and reading- a PDF on my laptop . lol . how nature and technology mix to make the best mini stay-cation ever . SPRING BREAK ! WooT ! my puppies are humping each other on the trampoline , weird . lol 
detox time . back to work . filling out scholarship apps , then work , and back to the < PROPMALE > on monday for editing . :) and i get my midterm grades ! so excited !! 
finished reading , going to the gym for a bit . I wanna get back in shape and sign up for some Krav Maga or Jiu Jitsu classes so that next time some random creeper calls me \tasty\ " ( yes this happened today ) I can floor his ass ! ;) " 
FIRST A ! Will know the rest of my scores by tonight ! Keep ' em comin baby ! Tell me my celebrations were for good reason ! 
A , A , A , kiss my a ** school . i rule . im gonna go sweat the stress in a sauna and then start writing my feature article for itty bitty baby scholarship . any money at this point helps . 
With your feet in the air and your head on the ground , Try this trick and spin it , yeah , Your head will collapse , If there's nothing in it , And you'll ask yourself , Where is my mind ??? 
falling asleep to fight club after a crazy gym extravaganza and sauna action . good night world , this is going to be the best nights sleep ever ! 
having a rough time finding insipration . Where did last nights muse go !? mussst wrriiiteeee .. 
should not have put off this feature article . im dying of stomach cramps , and exhausted . 
fuse personal style with journalistic style and maintain AP format . the hardest part ... staying awake ! 
the lack of sleep in nauseating , but i like how my article turned out . it's a whole lot less scattered then when i started it at 11pm . 
< PROPMALE > and i want to try frog legs . Who else is down ? gonna make a night of it this week :) 
I got a full tank of gas for only $10 ! Whether it was an accident or just because someone liked what they saw i don't know . I didn't go back to check , i just kept pumping :) I also got my daily dose of free Starbucks green tea and am going to spend the afternoon by the pool editing articles and maybe drinks with < PROPFIRST > later ! I wish everyone as glorious of a day as mine ! Always do your best to mix work with fun ! 
i want to be paid to go to school . i'm over spending my weekends working late and definitely having the opposite schedule as my friends . FML imbored . 
* if you love mojitos . if you have half a brain . if you love going out at midnight and getting caught in the rain . if you love foreiiiign travel and indie movies . if you love hatin ' on the general populace . You're the one that i've searched for , let's plan our escape . * to the tune of if you like pina coladas . lol . would so be my personal ad . 
LOL . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . \dominos is more sorry for their crappy pizza then the catholic church is about molesting deaf boys \"" 
It's a strange sad feeling when you've been coping with something in your life that doesn't feel right anymore and someone else tells you how lucky you are ... 
abs , legs , and arms burnnnnn ! It's ok , because it means i have muscles under all my soft lady bits . Been to the gym everyday this week ! Always looking for more gym buddies at 24hr fitness ! 
stoked ! party at the house on poppy st and potential ladies night in LB this weekend ! Woot ! the end of my cabin fever ! hi-ho hi-ho its off to work i go ! visit if you want ! you know how i do ! ;) 
DUDE ! i dont know where it came from , but i have the sabbath song from \Fiddler on the Roof\ " stuck in my head ... is my theatre kid showing ? lol off to kevins " 
gangsta ! in compuiter room waiting for bathroom .! WE're playing guitar on the las vegas guyitar beveraGE HOLDERS . i SWEAR I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR 10MIN FOR TYHIS BATHROOM ~ < PROPFEMALE > IS A SIREN . UM IM BEING MOLESTED/ < PROPFEMALE > is a ho bag 
< PROPFIRST > and I are going to host a speak easy party . let the planning commence ! 
mi matey < PROPFEMALE > kostapapas and i are starting a book club ! whos in !? 
< PROPFEMALE > karenina , she and i shar emuch in common but i hope we dont shsare the same fate . 
Who wants hangout later and let me cook something succulent and savory for them ? hmmmmmm we'll eat , drink , watch movies , get some games going ? lets get something going peeps . 
next year i am not missing the Irvine Mud Run ! Next year Im going to participate ! so fun and sooo dirty . i like ! 
you are not as articulate as you pretend . 
kareoke ! excited to see friends who I have not seen in awhile . gonna be a good night 
Class doesn't start for 10 more minutes . The professor , a few students , and I are just hanging out , and this one extremely polarizing 19year old is spewing his political rhetoric . he's well versed , but naive , and i have a really great question I'd like to ask him but i am desperately telling myself , \ DO NOT ENGAGE ! \ " No good can be accomplished from that conversation in 10minutes before class . so tempting tho ... " 
i need to practice running in the sand so i dont fuck up my bad knee on the mud run . Anyone want to go on a late night run on the beach tonight ? 
I looked out this morning and the sun was gone Turned on some music to start my day I lost myself in a familiar song I closed my eyes and I slipped away .. Bostin and drag Queens , oh what a night ! Getty tomorrow . 
cant find phone , if i'm runninglat etommorrow call house phone or knock on door . :) 
the only thing I know for certain is that you have to strive to collect life's most fantastic moments . That I want to live with my heart and soul open to all possibilities of experiences and last night it led me to befriend a tranny on the dance floor and invite her out for drinks . lol . Another gem in the chronicle of my life . 
so stoked for SHADOW BOXING TONIGHTTTT . 
done with karenina . moving on to the < PROPMALE > palahniuk stack . it's gonna be a long night trapped in my house . 
haha , die ganzen Kinder an < PROPFEMALE > ihrer Schule haben Berichte auf verschiedenen Ländern gemacht . Naturlich hat sie Deutschland gewählt und mit ihrer Vorstellung hat sie winzige Proben Brot und Leberwurst gemacht . Es hat so schlecht geschmeckt weil sie , wie ein Americaner , zu viel Butter angeschmiert hat . Sie waren nicht populär . 
a piece of my faith in humanity was restored the other day , when an 11 yr old girl that I had to ban from my store came in & walked directly up to me and said she was sorry for the way she'd acted . It doesn't matter what awful things she'd said and done , just that she looked sincere . Her parents didn't even know what she did , her apology was on her own accord . I hope she comes in again , i wish i'd given her a hug . 
what if we're all psychopaths just playing the roles we think we're supposed to play ? 
uggh as my mother always used to say , \ aufstehen schule gehen\ " i hate being woken up let alone by a rhyme . lol " 
maybe its because growing up i had brother and overgrown child for a father as playmates , but i have such a pension and enthusiasm for violence ! lol . I loved Kick-Ass ! A- 
mmm i feel good , < PROPFIRST > na na na na na , i knew that i would now , < PROPFIRST > na na na na na , i feel nice da na na < PROPFEMALE > , like sugar and spiiicee , .... yeah you know how the rest goes . i forfeit . lol . 
camping trip ! end of may ! perhaps a vegas trip as well !? promising future prospect on my potential executive editor position next semester ! stoked on life ! i've also have had a verrrry relllaxed dayy :) perfecton ! 
an even more fabulous evening of celebrating ;) , kareoking , and watching hockey to follow a day already full of contentment ! saw so many ppl tonight that i haven't connected with in ages ! so happy to have such a diverse group of people i call friends , always down for good times and grand discussions about bullshit . Alas im required to be such a hermit ... responsibilities call . never have i been so content with24hrs . 
fuck . i got all the way to the gym ready to rock n ' roll , when i realized that there is a quiz in my next class at 2:30 pm that i had forgot about . i want my me time at the gym , but know i have to go back and study . i'll have to go at midnight after work . if anyone else wants to go let me know , because sometimes leaving the gym that late at night is creepy . 
women's self defense class here on GWC campus 1pm , Math&Sciences building Rm . 123 . I'll be there snapping photos . Come by if it sounds like a good time . 
Writing a restaurant review . I'm going to RA Sushi or East Winds depending on how long the wait is . Who wants to come with ? 
FML . my baby sister is gonna be gorgeous when she grows up . wait til you see the pictures of her all dressed im gonna post ! im going to have to keep an eye on her from now on . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is gonna have to choke a bitch . 
so the Most Ridiculous Quote of the Night award goes to < PROPFEMALE > for , \ I'm gonna tie your mustache to your anus . \"" 
I feel naughty because everytime I see a breast examination poster I can't help but think about \Fight Club . \ " Lol . " 
recapturing the idealism that defined my youth and escaping the realism that is my home . A long sweet drive through glorious overcast skies . 
of course as luck would have it , on an already tedious drive home , a stray dog wanders into the path of my car . I avoid hitting it and try and help it away from the main st. and realize i'm in a not great neighborhood and continue driving . naturally a lightening storm follows me home and i run out of gas and have to make an extra stop . yay class at 9am . 
I've got desperate desires and unadmirable plans . My tongue will taste of gin and malicious intent . 
“If a cluttered desk is the sign of a cluttered mind , what is the significance of a clean desk ? ” 
call me nerdy , but I love walking through campus in the spring watching everyone talking and reading in the grass and under the trees . The only thing that would make it even more fantastic would be if I could picnic and read with some pizza and beer while listening to music . That's my heaven ! 
totally just made all 4 of those < PROPMALE > her bitch . Mud Run here I come ! 
No you can't have a grande venti decaf green tea , because it doesn't exist ! And no I can't make you're cappaccino without foam ! gahhhhhh . The day I quit Starbucks I'm pulling a Halfbaked . 
wow , so thats what anxiety feels like 
Ya know the scene in ( 500 ) Days of Summer when he heads off to work and its a perfect day ? Where people are singing , everyones positive , and everything is vibrant . Yeah my day has been like that so far . :) Even all the customers are baristas are happy ! 
Whenever I hear the voice of that woman who reads out love messages on Coast 103.5 , I cringe and change the station . Tonight I stopped and actually listened to 1 letter all the way through and I think I vomited a little . Such boring cliche generic bullshit ! Real love is personal and quirky and dirty or should be ! No wonder so many people have unrealistic expectations . 
its absolutely amazing what 10hrs of sleep and waking up to just the right song can do for your mood ! :) 
dude ! I'm watching Nat . Geo . and I had to change the channel when the camera cuts to a hippopotamus and the show host yells , \Whoa ! That is one forceful defecation ! \ " vomit . Of course I changed the channel back as soon as I thought it was over . lol . " 
wants to go to the < PROPFEMALE > Wars burlesque show in honor of < PROPFEMALE > Wars Appreciation Day . Is it still only on Saturdays or will there be a special show for today ? 
Some guy overdosed on heroin in the bathroom at my work last night . They took him away in an ambulance , no one knows if he made it or not . Night shifts at Starbucks , never a dull moment . 
dancing with mary-jane and watching < PROPFIRST > hawking's universe ; soothing yet stimulating . 
It's absolutely incredible how < PROPFIRST > Hawking's robot voice kills any attempt at a joke in his interviews . Is that insensitive ? Cause I couldn't help but think it . I hope hell has a beach . 
so who at the party last night kept thinking of < PROPFIRST > DiCaprio in the \Departed\ " whenever Boston guy spoke ? lol . It was so stereotypical I couldn't believe it was real ! " 
got free tickets to review the GWC spring musical . The highlight of the performance was that one of the girls labia , yes LABIA , was accidently hanging out of her costume , but somehow I think that'd be an inappropriate lead to my review . I could not stop staring . Like a train wreck I had to look twice to make sure my eyes didn't deceive me . 
accidently missed class when she got caught up in conversation at dinner with her co-editors . Seems like luck because now her stomach is imploding and a 3hour lecture may have been the death of her . 
I found myself watching Mad < PROPMALE > Road Warrior for a little bit today for the first time in years . I have to say that I don't remember all the thugs looking so overtly homosexual . lol . 
I've decided I too am going to Peru to visit Machu Pichu and get buzzed eating coca leaves with the locals . lol . I love < PROPFIRST > Bourdain . 
grass isn't greener on the other side . it's greener where you water it - who knew my bestie was so smart ! 
menagerie : a form of keeping exotic animals in human captivity . How appropriate ! Tonight will not be complete until I meet someone new and completely fascinating . This hermit is getting out of it shell ! 
Dude its not alcoholism cause I don't drink alone , I make other people drink with me 
I love olvee olve how going to a drag show makes u feel like ur living in a music video 
loves disappearing in a town where no one knows her name . hiking , coffee , reading , people watching . 
I can be hangin out here at the coffee shop , I can be drinking margaritas , and can be relaxing at the botanical gardens , but as long as I have a pad and pen I can say I'm working and actually be getting stuff done . This is the shit . I feel so goood . No unwanted distractions from random people I used to work with or went to highschool with ... no offense , I still love most of you ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are eating in the car outside stater bros watching as a group of guys tailgate around a car and freestyle rap . random and awesome . 
Is that Journey ?! * thunk*drops casket * 
omg best loveline episode ever . a girl with two fully fuctioning vaginas , then i learned what a \prawn butt\ " was . back to back action packed . lol . " 
is researching anti-matter for her final next monday . Very cool 
The new black keys album oozes with sexiness . 
Fuck pool . Shuffleboard and airhockey anyday ! - love blue < PROPFEMALE > on tap 
Damn . That had to be the best night of sleep I've ever had . I could be a morning person if only I woke up this revitalized everyday ! 
U like my taco flavoreed kisses . I am hennifer lopez 
Portishead-\gloryhole . \ " Right now . " 
Be in love with your life - Kerouac 
Why stress when you can just change your pace ? I'm putting a little < PROPFEMALE > in my coffee and taking my study guides with me to the beach . Thanks Kerouac and < PROPMALE > for setting my head back on straight . :) 
is not sure how to properly format her broadcast script and wishes she could just sleep . 
SAVE AND PRINT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I get to sleep for 1 hour ! Except , now I don't think that is going to be possible because I've been double fisting redbull and coffee ... 
2 down 2 to go . This utter exhaustion will pay off shortly . Disneyland Tuesday and mini vacation begins Thursday . 
Found three new freckles on her face ... wtf 
Beer and wine festival , drinking at disneyland . In line for < PROPFEMALE > Tour arguing withGreg about Lost . LOL . 
People really don't appreciate effort anymore . Unless they have a physical gift in their hands gratitude is fleeting 
Is annoyed and does not appreciate when religious zealots purposefully attempt to anytagonize her into a debate while at work 
If only logic were as contagious as stupidity 
< PROPFIRST>'s just pointed out that my battered rescued cat with one eye looks exactly like the cat captain Ahab would have if he had had a cat . 
They say it's never too late to say you care , to do the things you've always wanted to try , to let yourself love , and to taste and share with others every aspect of life . This is not true . You never know when your last day will be . With love to my cousin < PROPFIRST > , who passed away last night unexpectedly in his sleep . He was only 26 . 
without the constraints of reality creativity is much too easy . 
is very disappointed she missed the hockey game with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > , but had a blast drinking her gin&juice , playing mini-golf , and getting tan ! Alas , now I must pay the dear price , for the heat has stricken me ill ! If only I could be in two places at once , if only I had hydrated better . Next week we're hitting the batting cages , minus the alcohol , because that's just dangerous . 
Just found out there such thing as a sneezing fetish . Hot . 
Were so busy reading about sneezing fetishes we missed the only two points scored so far !!!!! lol 
can sniff out a lie like a canine sniffs out crack . 
is getting amped and ready to have a < PROPFEMALE > Wars marathon . yeah . That's how we do . Thug life ... I think I'm going to bake cookies . 
is so hot for < PROPFEMALE > Solo . The humphrey bogart of the rebel alliance . 
Bliss ! I have only just now awoken from deep sweet slumber . Amazingly numb and relaxed ; ravaged by sleep . I haven't [ slept ] like that since grade school . Mmmm 
Drinking at the museum walking through the hall of gems and mirrors in 3D glasses on our way to the dance floor ! Then off to the whale exhibit ! People are wearing masquerade attire ! so insanely sexy ! 
wishes people could put aside they're trivial , petty quirks to be the person that someone needs . Connect on a deeper level instead of just worrying about all the meaningless crap 
The library should name a wing after me . My overdue fees could fund their entire overhead . lol . Sushi and work at 4pm tasty tasty . DVRing the game cause I can't make it to < PROPMALE>'s tonight . 
Cheers ! \ 
\The problem with the world is that everyone's a few drinks behind\ " - Humphrey Bogart \ 
Is going to do some soul searching in Barnes and < PROPMALE > . Anyone else down ? 
Just found out < PROPMALE > is terrified of pregnant women . 
HOLY SHIT ! Turned on the TV and classic \Star Trek Generation\ " is on ! How perfect right now for my state of mind ! ;) " 
looks like I'll be needing to pick up some nightshifts on Harbor Blvd . Mama needs < PROPMALE > . 
I must quell my expatriate heart and enjoy what is here and near , making the best out of being the most broke I've ever been . \ 
< PROPFIRST>'s Great American Summer Itinerary :\ 
- camping\ 
- kayaking\ 
- shooting\ 
- Vegas , because I really miss Albert\ 
- maybe a road trip to San < PROPFEMALE > , Portland , or Seattle just because , if I can afford it . \ 
- and a lot of people watching 
\She believed in nothing ; only her skepticism kept her from being an atheist . \ " Jean-Paul Sartre ? " 
Deutschlandddddddd !!!!!! australia , don't be embarrssed we're just really awesome . 
< PROPFEMALE > beach ! 
Just ate at Danny'd Deli in < PROPFEMALE > ! TripleFoodGasm ! Truffled < PROPMALE > N cheese ! 
just experienced a near perfect 24hrs and still has one more day off :) thank you , los < PROPFEMALE > . next week summer session begins and I get to finish my last offical GE tranfer class . Think it took me long enough guys ? lol . my < PROPFEMALE > will be virtuous . 
it's good to have people who similarly share the love of silence , a fondness for the unknown , a taste for the drink , and good conversation . ? 
I'm standing in a cramped line in front of the court house directly behind a man with serious < PROPMALE > whose dandruff is so bad I'm afraid to breathe too deeply for fear of inhalation . Could my day start any worse ?? 
The people alone at traffic court today were enough to make me a law abiding citizen . Never again do I want to be trapped in a room with those people . I'm not exaggerating at all when I say that the man sitting in front of me had a flea jumping around on his neck and the 450lb woman in the front was wearing short shorts and no bra ! Wobbling nips the size of planetesimals ! Vomit ! < PROPMALE > galore . 
Is checking to see if Netflix carries \McGyver\ " for streaming . " 
3.57 for the semester . Slowly bumping off those bullshit grades from freshman year . Slow and steady ; keeping the faith . 
Inadvertent fortuitous sighs and laughter overwhelm me as I crawl into my sheets ; sweet temporary surrender . Tomorrow we return to the mattresses . 
mmmmmm sexy Black Keys . Any 24hrFit friends up for Turbo Kickboxing at 5:30 p.m. ? 
just bought herself that perfect little black dress . score . 
There's not much better than an \Always < PROPFEMALE > in Phildelphia\ " marathon when you need to just relax and diffuse from an uberproductive day . Veggin ' . " 
i love it . humor so dry you'll need chap stick . 
jajajajajajajajajajajaja , laughing in spanish is much funnier than in english . jaja ! 
great . the only flu medicine in my house expired in 2007 looks like i'll have to settle for mint tea and misery . gonna veg in bed with the tv . 
Deutschland ! Weltmeistershaft , wir kommen ! 
Home alone with a fever and shakes doing math homework . FML 
taking a math class online in the summer may have been a really bad idea for me . 
Wow . Really ? As of right now none of the CSUs will be accepting applications for spring . I have to wait another year . I think I might actually cry . Fuck you budget . 
\ Have you guys seen that 80 pound piranha ? That shit looks like Hell itself spit it out ! Like these monstrosities exist ! \ " \ " That's nothing man ! The platypus ' talons contain a neurotoxin the excretes chemicals that soley affect the pain center of your brain and will actually pain you to death . And it'sd genetics make it prime candidate to be considered a pokemon . \"" 
can't get her mother to stop butt dialing her . 
is done moping . I have to wait til next fall to transfer because the budget is fucked , but thats ok ! I'm applying for AmeriCorps and contacting some services about studying abroad ... if all else fails I'm calling up the relatives and going to live in Germany for awhile ! 
Isn't young and reckless anymore , although sometimes she'd like to pretend she is . Reflecting on recent regrets . 
loves her some MadMen . 
Do not text me the outcome of the Germany match . I work til 4 . ALSO ! Whose down for the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Art&Street Fair tonight ?? 7pm ! 
Independence Day is nice because everyone is outside riding bicycles , people arefriendly , everyones got a buzz , and I just saw some guy in full CaptianAmerica garb riding a beach cruiser saluting traffic . On the other hand everyone is spewing retarded nonsensical \patrioitic\ " bullshit and I swear someone just tried to tell me today was about freeing slaves another said \ " it should be about Jesus . \ " wtf ? " 
loves it when \customers\ " go into the bathroom sober and come back out tweaked . She loves it even more when she has to clean up after them . " 
It feels as though no amount of sleep could ever restore vitality to this body . This last week has been exhausting . 
was just almost mugged . Some guy followed me while I walked alone to the back alley parking lot behind the post office . One hand inm his pocket I ran to my car and he signaled me to roll my window down , and mouthed he just wanyted to know the time . This bitch ain't dumb I stepped on the gas ! 
Getting together at old world village at 1130am for Germany vs . Spain , the semi-finals ! Call me if you're down . 
Made friends with the sweetest old babyboomer at OldWorld today , he told me stories about his < PROPMALE > father and Italian mother meeting during the war . We chit-chatted over beer and soccer . Good times . 
has more books in her bed than space to sleep , yet is too exhausted to deal with relocating them and would never dream of pushing them off the side . Entangled in a twist of sheets and paperbacks , as if I were twelve again , hiding my books with me in the covers as I pretend to sleep . 
It's been too long since I have observed people as if they were human beings . 
LOL @ < PROPFIRST > W Beswick & < PROPFEMALE > Martinez , < PROPFIRST > Worthington is the new Keanu Reeves . 
Dear Veitnamese lady standing outside my bedroom window speaking unnecessarily on speaker phone , FUCKOFF ! 
Ok , so there go my plans on sleeping in ... On the brighter side , the mail from school which I thought was an unpaid parking ticket was a letter from the < PROPFIRST > - I made honor society ! 
Zicke zacke , zicke zacke , hoi ! hoi ! hoi ! 
A nice quiet night to catch up on media and me time . I feel like my brain has been wired all wrong the last few months and I am regretting decisions that I made when not acting myself . Maybe I needed to act out to teach myself something . C'est la vie ! Filling out Americorps applications . 
We're going to < PROPFEMALE > Gaspars this delicious and sexy Spanish restaurant/bar to watch the World Cup today 1130am . The chef is crafting some special dish based on the teams playing ! http://lolagaspar.com/ 
is watching Rambo ( 2008 ) and suddenly struck with the urge to add \ bake an extravagant cake\ " to her list of things to accomplish during summer vacation . " 
Say what you will about the sweet miracle of unquestioning faith , I consider a capacity for it terrifying and absolutely vile ! - < PROPMALE > Vonnegut 
\Make love when you can . It's good for you . \"" 
really wants to see \Inception\ " and is willing to pay full price ! Shocking I know . " 
I need more deciduous trees in my life . 
I know that I know nothing and would rather ask questions then receive answers . 
Woke up this morning and thought to myself , some coke sounds good . Then \White Lines \"- Duran Duran came on the radio and reminded me drugs are bad . Thanks < PROPFIRST > FM !! :) " 
Hot damn!It's been 2 weeks since I had a drink and with only one glass of two < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > I am flushed ! The Mud Run was a fantabulous experience ; however , it would have been better if the water stop had actually had drinking water seeing as it was 100 degrees . I'm spending the rest of the night in with my book and a bottle of wine :) 
who needs to watch reality tv when you have < PROPFIRST > McHale to give you the recap ! these bitches be crazy ! I am far too easily distracted ... 
pass no judgement , only make observations 
i really have no < PROPFEMALE > for printers . why does this piece of crap keep jamming !??! i really just want to punch it . 
Oh , < PROPMALE > zimmer . I love you . 
Does anyone live in a community with a pool ? I've got an aching for a relaxing night swim . 
restless and wondering . time to go more a midnight run . 
just finished watching a kung foo movie about an autistic girl who must take on the yakuza in order to collect debts owed to her dying mother who once was a well known gangster , but who now needs treatment for cancer . 
misses airplanes . 
at a friend's punk rock cover band show . I can't help but laugh at the sad displays of displaced male aggression , stunted emotional growth , and the lady in the pit with a baby ... 
i could go to the gym before i work at 2pm , or I could lay in bed with my coffee and read my book ... mmmm cozy :) maybe if i don't completely loose track of time i can do both ! 
spent to whole day reading breakfast of champions and catching up on band of brothers for the marathon tonight . where did the sun go ? i swear it was just out ... lol such a great day off ! 
Has been designated the < PROPMALE > to \ 
English translator for our \Band of Brothers\ " marathon . We've \ 
this time last year i was en route to Frankfurt followed by Berlin then Barcelona . i miss my sweaty hostel . 
Haha I got the same exact drink as < PROPFIRST > , buit I was charged half price :) 
< PROPFIRST > and I founded a rap group/book club called Philosoraptors and now he's trying to go solo . Bring it biatch . lol 
has had far too much on her mind as of late and is \ 
finally ready to focus . Buckle up . 
Drinking and reading while I wait for my chili to simmer . Cook off tomorrow and perhaps kayaking if there is time , then I'm hittin ' the road ! Vegas baby ! 
Excited to have a reason to get dolled up !!! 
Yeah , Boi-strous ... We're in Vegas baby ! 
is really really excited 
I want to love you , pretty young thing 
\Front desk ? I really need toast . My kingdom for a piece of toast . \"" 
won money gambling for the first time ever , lounged by the pool , lost my strip club virginity , discovered a portal to a parallel universe in our hotel toilet , and woke up in bed in between two beautiful partially clothed women . Vegas was a success ! 
Futurama ipod episode vs . South park facebook episode . South park for the win . 
Fair tomorrow ! If anyone else wants to go give me a ring ! We're going around 4pm or 5pm . 
Is taking a glorious much deserved nap . Happiness is a firm , yet fluffy pillow . 
Can't wait to get her rocket launcher sized nerf gun ! 
Oh fair food a tribute to excess ... 
emotionally rough day . need to cuddle , my new carnival monkey will do . 
Forgot how much she loves < PROPFIRST > Cash's cover of \Hurt . \"" 
You just lost The Game 
Wants to find a group of apocolypse is nigh evangelists and make a \Frankie says relax\ " picket sign . " 
Cannot comprehend people who so readily take offense without taking into account cicumstance and often times their own hypocrisy . Is it worth the aggravation ? 
Is getting her life re-organized . Need to detail my car and room before school starts again ! But first the gym to get the blood pumping 
Jeebus ! Is it so hard to find a decent breakfast burrito in this town ?! 
A truly good book teaches me better than to read it . I must soon lay it down , and commence living on its hint . What I began by reading , I must finish by acting . 
Needs to empty everything out of her room . Every last thing . Then deep clean and paint . If you know what my room looks like you'd understand the daunting task that lies ahead . I think it'd be best if I just threw most of it away . I may need a dumpster ... lol . 
\and so it goes . \"" 
Bridal shower and birthday parties , busy day . Not enough sleep , as usual . 
The outskirts are always better than the center . You get a real appreciation for all the moments that create the bigger picture . 
Lovin ' the trailer for \Retired Extremely Dangerous . \"" 
Looks like I'll be without a car for awhile ... 
in reference to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Hitler-stache in the latest Hanes commercial - it's ok guys , he's taking it back . 
There's something incredibly sexy about a well groomed head of hair and facial scruff . Drives me . Bonkers ! 
\The right of citizens of the United States to vote shall not be deniedor abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex\ " \ 
Happy Birthday to my little bro < PROPFIRST > y < PROPFIRST > !! If anyone sees him or talks to him today wish him the best ! :) 
I GET TO GET OFF AT 11 INSTEAD OF FREAKING MIDNIGHT BECAUSE < PROPFEMALE > GIBSON IS A FUCKING SAINT ! 
ATTN : I lost my book in all the shuttling around this week . If anyone finds a copy of \Breakfast of Champions\ " let me know . Thanks . It is the only book I've actually bought all summer . " 
Please be advised agreeing with everything I say will not make me like you more . On the contrary your lack of discriminating personalized taste will only make you more boring . 
Thought magpie . 
is officially the executive editor . this will be quite the learning experience . 
Too often we allow ourselves to become preoccupied by niceties . Those who master the < PROPMALE > of being bold without being brash will always leave a greater impression than he who has been ensnared by propriety . 
its amazing what you can get with charm and a smile . 
Oh my film/media class is a lively bunch . I'm going to enjoy this immensely . :) 
My adoptive stray cat has stockholm syndrome . 
lol @ < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > for asking me if I mind satire . That's like asking me if I mind wit and good writing . 
Our first editing meeting was today . Between the hours of 7 a.m. and noon I received a total of 34 texts from 15 different people . I've learned to type with one hand , text with another , and answer 3 questions at a time . What a rush ! Alas , I fear there were too many cooks in my kitchen and I have to weed some out . 
i can be googled , therefore i am . 
A damn fine day I must say . Everything about to day has been inspiring : the weather , my classes , my mango salsa , the book I'm reading , watching strangers interact with one another in the cafe , and the delicious bottle of freshly corked wine . Now it's time to listen to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > Underground and get some work done . 
amoeba records tomorrow/LA fun day . so excited !! 
Amoeba ! 
this is going to be the rough awkward patch . Honesty will set me free . 
Why do I let myself get dragged into these situations ? 
< PROPMALE > Gibbard <3 your lyrics and pitch are always perfect . 
You know what might help with the stress ? Some good old fashioned laser tag . I think an outing is in order . What say you ? 
a customer took a swing at me over the counter today while I was at work . To which I replied , \Do you know how to act in public ? \"" 
Did anyone else see that brilliant teal lightening bolt that just electrified the northern horizon ?! 
Whose got two thumbs and is excited for hockey season to start so we can drink and yell at the TV ? This girl . 
I have the greatest friends ever . Lol . \ 
http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Jamie 
Presuming I don't get scheduled outside my availability request , who else is down to go to the Ducks vs . Kings game Oct . 3rd @ 5 p.m. with < PROPMALE > and I ? 
You know why I love Will ? Because before he leaves for work he puts Animal Planet on for his puppies . 
some people want friends , others just want fans . 
is chasing an adorable runaway dog down the street in attempts to return him to his home , but the dumb thing is making it difficult and I'm about to declare him a lost cause . If he doesn't want to be saved at least I can say I tried . 
In the bog of responsibility , it is necessary to cling to what lust for life you have . Live a little everyday in whatever small way you can . 
there is a sad man eating spider preying on my friends . Its confused and lonely and its getting everyone caught in its web . To bad its too busy distracting itself with its kill to realize its selfishness is excessive and damaging to its ecosystem . 
I've never given up without a fight , but I know when to quit . I don't play games , I live by my own code , and I aspire only to meet my own expectations for myself and my endeavors . If the worst you can say about me is that I care too much then so be it , we all are flawed , but you can't go wrong if you put yourself out there , take the risk , and manage to maintain your integrity . Integrity is everything . 
is there anything more awkward than a pep talk when you don't actually need one ? 
wishes everyone would stop feeling the need to vilify one another . 
Jamie : Weddings should be done via satellite so we can all watch from home in our underwear . I can't afford this shit . \ 
Steven : Thats is always my favorite suit ... the birthday suit . \ 
Jamie : Oops a wedding ?! I wore the wrong suit . 
What better way to tend to a cold than by self medicating with hot tea , < PROPFEMALE > and rum watching \Raiders of the Lost Ark\ " before work ? " 
my baby sister is 13 today ! OMG !! 
i rather enjoy my own ridiculousness on a regular occasion thank you . 
God damn every time I hear Paperplanes by MIA I love to pretend that I am a badass drug slinging hipster mofo that just don't give a fuck about o.p.p. 
I'm craving thaiii food 
ugh , I preferred the miners when they were still underground . Now they're so main stream . 
has been absurdly terrified of committing to the product of her own inspirations as of late . her hand and thoughts cripple at the sight of a pen . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is the greatest superhero/friend a girl could ask for !!! 
Tonight is going to suck . Homework , < PROPMALE > editing , and my own articles aren't done even yet . I will stab anyone who turns anything in half ass . I don't need the extra work . 
\Did you you just become aroused by the proper use of a semi-colon ? \"" 
Cue rapid pounding . There's an extremely attractive guy at my door . He's my age ! The storm ... is it raining men ? Hallelujah !! \ 
Nope . He's just letting my know the back windows of my car are down . Fml . 
All these snails are making it hard for me not to squash the lives out of them 
I am loved :) and it doesn't get much better than that . 
Ooo staying in the car an extra few minutes to finish the < PROPFEMALE > and the Machines song that just came on . 
There's nothing like a beautiful wedding and a skilled orator to restore my faith in love . 
why didn't i < PROPMALE > in psych ? 
Who can or knows someone who can fix laptops ? My Toshiba is in critical condition . 
is absolutely livid . Murder would not suffice to bring justice to what some people deserve . I hope the seed of their guilt grows and devours their souls and strips them of the happiness they stole from others . 
Steam punk maze ?! Yes , please ! 
is looking for a study < PROPMALE > ! I need someone to quiz me at 3pm for my midterm at 5pm 
How does one live with a heart so heavy ? 
wel , l i think we officially met maximum capacity last night . 
wishes people would learn to stop and use they're intuition and analyze and sympathize with the subjective view points of others before allowing themselves to be so condescending . 
mmm ,.. very much enjoying my new writing ritual . 
is looking for a ride home from work tomorrow night @9 : 30pm and to work Sunday @2pm 
trapped - a sure fire way to make < PROPFIRST > depressed . 
Fernando : \I'm seriously pissed now . She's a complete bitch to you and she turns in garbage ??? That's a fuckin yelp.com review and I've read better reviews on yelp ! \ " \ 
Character is much easier kept than recovered . 
finally , off . was not feelin ' it today . 
recorded the marathon . i'm finally gonna watch Walking Dead . 
cracked out can't sleep ! downloading frenzzzzzzzyy !!! 
how long is the damn doctor going to keep me waiting in this god-awful awkward paper excuse for a gown ? It is chilly in here and I'm feeling exposed . Let's get this show on the road !!! I'm gonna be late for class again !!! 
Your not as brave as you were at the start . 
something has to change . 
umm ... car is still in shop and my mom forgot she was driving me to class at 5pm and is nowhere to be found or heard from . i have an exam in 15min !!!!! 
Nov . 18 is Have Sex With A Guy Who Has A Mustache day in honor of November's Testicular and Prostate Cancer Awareness month . Get your cookie dusted ladies ;) 
I JUST WISH I COULD SLEEP !!!!!!! 
someone gave me an airsoft gun 
\I'm sorry for calling you an inanimate object . \ " Lovin ' < PROPMALE > Fiennes . \ " You fuckin ' retract that bit about my fuckin ' cunt kids ! You hear me !? \"" 
\You've got to stick to your principles . \"" 
I can't wait for Thanksgiving !! I hope there's a big turn out this year . I miss the good old family parties when everyone put everything aside for the holidays to be together and do right by the family . 
I am indebted to my parents for their constant support . I am thankful to my friends for never judging and always understanding . I love my brother who has grown up so much and my sister who's excitement and passion is a reminder to stay young at heart . I appreciate all that I have learned about myself this year . I am happy to have so many people to love and laugh with - even if they do tend to piss me off . 
Going to the gym at 5pm . Any of my 24hr Fitness friends want to join ? 
There are a lot of good reasons for me to be stressed out today , but thankfully I feel a great sense of focus and peace with whatever happens . 
turning in transfer applications , my < PROPMALE > and my alternative < PROPMALE > s are all still impacted . * cross your fingers * 
anyone fancy a drink and a chat ? i need to get out of the house . not too late though i'd like to be in bed by 1am . 
What's going on tonight people ? Cause I've got an itch to scratch . 
choose a cartoon from childhood to remind others to look back at childhood and raise awareness for all types of child abuse in every corner of the world ; physical abuse , emotional/mental abuse , neglect , child labor , molestation , sex-trafficking it happens . 
Monday - the last day my executive editorial duties will be required for this semester . Who wishes to help me ring in the good times ? 
A moment of genius . Does anyone have a brown Reformation style brown priests robes ? Now that the semesters over I'm going out in style . 
I have every intention of making my student body president cry . My anger has never been so fueled and focused . Egomanical prick . 
The new FB < PROPFEMALE > style is uber-ugly and looks like a poorly designed dating website profile . If it ain't broke , don't fix it . 
Life's greatest injustice is that we spend the rest of our lives paying for the follies of our youth . 
starving , but eating makes it worse ! 
fever , vomit , finals oh my . is this week over yet ? on the plus side my admissions process for Fullerton is underway ! yay ! 
Pleasecopy and paste this to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except a foot up the ass . We can ...... raise awareness ... 93% of people won't repost this , because they too need a foot up the ass !!! * 
What self-respecting woman would idolize Ms. Piggy ? Seriously ! 
my throat burns ... 
The weather is nice and I'm done with finals ! I think a fun lunch with some strong libations are in order ! Who wants to join us ? 
I NEVER HAVE TO TAKE ANOTHER MATH CLASS EVER AGAIN ! 
Hot , soaked , sweaty , covered in whipped cream . Working a midshift will wear you out if you don't pace yourself . 
I really truly believe that World of Warcraft cannot be played casually . 
You are not allowed to choose your family when you are born because they are practice for all the other goofballs and assholes you will meet in life . You learn from them and you understand their hardships and positive aspects . As an adult you learn not to judge others too harshly because of the insight you learned from family . 
can't figure out paypal . all she wants to do is download minecraft !!!! 
I love them each in their own way :) 
< PROPMALE > Jefferies at Brea Improv Jan13-16 !!!!! 
reaLly wishes there were more reliable people in her life . 
Way to dumb down the masses . Poor Twain . 
\The bar has a special called the Reaganomics trickle down . Where the bartender keeps giving your drink to the < PROPMALE > guy next to you . Then once he's drunk he vomits and fills your glass . \ " LOL ! " 
wishes school would start already . Being broke and unfocused isn't doing wonders for my ego . 
is going to try painting . Perhaps it will improve upon her mood . 
burning soring throat , head/ear ache , swollen glands - this is what I get for forgetting to take my daily vitamins . 
For some reason tonight there are a lot of very attractive 25ish year old guys just relaxing and reading books with their coffee . So hot . 
Enter ominous pornstache guy . 
Antibiotics and vicodin . Just hearing the prescription from the doctors lips makes me feel better . 
Finally home from a lovely weekend - minus the vomity sick bits . Happy b-day JB and everyone else who had a b-day this weekend whose celebrations I missed . 
\You have a fabulous hiney . \"" 
Got a call while in office that a dead body was found in truck next to campus sent writers and photographers over and we have breaking news coverage of it ! They arrived on the scene just in time for the mini-explosion as police searched for hazardous materials ! I'm so proud of them !!!!!!!! 
if I'd known I had to hike to class I would have worn better shoes . 
magical winter wonderland !! Snowing on the way home from < PROPFEMALE > . Victorvilla is a frosty good time ! You bet your ass I pulled over and made a snowman ! Photos soon !! 
Why the hell are certificate programs so expensive ?! The idea is so that people can advance their skills and education to make more money ; money they don't already have ! 
For those of you who were curious what my newspaper looks like , here it is :\ 
http://www.westernsun.us/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/WesternSun0223112.pdf 
mmm just fell in love with Yogi's bedtime tea !! 
was just touched inappropriately by on elderly male customer . Right after I got done trying to defend him when someone said he was pervy . Boy was I wrong . 
Who wants to go ? \ 
http://www.regencymovies.com/movieRunDetail.php?movieRunId=11552&movieId=721&theaterId=17 
There really couldn't be a worse time for this . 
Oy vey ! 
“It was one of those March days when the sun shines hot and the wind blows cold : when it is summer in the light , and winter in the shade . ” - Dickens 
Somethings are best mulled over with coffee and rain . 
I'd be surprised if I got anything less than a 95% . Wewt ! Spring break betchess !!!! 
That's your problem . You need to be kissed and to be kissed often . 
So it goes ... Fuck . \ 
\ 
http://m.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/mar/29/japan-lost-race-save-nuclear-reactor?cat=world&type=article 
Years later , I am finally going to see the last two episodes of \Band of Brothers . \ " So excited ! " 
I wish class started at 8:15 a.m. instead of 7:50 a.m. Eh . Better later than never . I bet I wouldn't feel so stiff and sore if that ladder hadn't fallen on my head at work last night ! 
