HAPPY NEW YEAR ! hope its a gud one !! i got the best new years kiss by my love !! great way 2 start the year !! 

wednesday no school ! yay ! 
got me some breakfast !!! haha gourmet meal mmm 
ya jus a lil cuz my throat hurts from coughing haha 
hmm ... class . whatev gotta get it done . oh and whats up with those cougars tryn to get all the guys my age . grody !! hahaha 
tryn to get in touch with all my old friends ! so far so gud !!! 
well almost done with class yay ! but after its to the highschool 
I lik doing hair < PROPFEMALE > i should be a cosmotologist ehh nah i dnt wnt 2 g 2 skool 4 it 
i look at her face looking at me and smiling .... what more could i ask for ? 
tryn to stall from studying for my tests ..... ugh . 
ahhh presentation is in 20 minutes ! wish me luck ! 
gosh i love music ! 
went 2 the capital yesterday and protested agianst the 1070 . haha im helping make history ! 
sent my mom flowers for mothers day ! I wubba you ! 
Happy mothers day ! haha its my 1st 
welcome to goodburger home of the goodburger can i take your order ? hahaha its been awhile since ive seen this 
studying for my finals ! yay one more day and im done ! 
ha one down , one more to go !!! cant wait for this to be done ! 
hmm .. so much to do so little time . 
hmm getting ready for tonight .... what should i wear ? dont know but im very excited for tomarrow ! well anyway somebody text me . 
yay ! finally got my car ! pretty nice i must say and got a great price on it ! haha even has a < PROPFEMALE > roof ! 
What would you do if sumone did a whole crossword about you even if you only known them for like a half an hour ? hahaha im sure i wouldve felt just like < PROPFIRST > with a \v \"." 
getting the < PROPFEMALE > of things and then I have to start all over again . 
it was nice to see the peeps ... and to get away for a bit ! 
got new music and movies for my ipod ! yay ! 
ok so < PROPMALE > of persia was aight but < PROPMALE > gyllenhal was very hot !! thats a sexy man haha 
in class waiting for it to be over and i must say cant anybody use deoderant !! 
mmmmm taco's and enchiladas tonite !!! n then a movie ... 
Geez class is boring . i want 2 move ! 
listening to those beats and pumping that iron getting ready to take on worst . 
haha < PROPFEMALE > really got talent hahahahahha 
im sore ... i dont really want to work out tomarrow ha prolly still will though 
I look at her looking at me smiling with her big brown eyes wondering whats she's thinking . She smiles at me and i smile back telling her i love her and give her a kiss ... 
how can you wake up and smell that fresh air looking at the sunrise and not believe theres hope . 
ugh i didnt sign up for an online class so why an i doing everything online . i freakin hate this program . 
Boats and hoes boats and hoes gotta have me my boats and hoes hahahha i love that movie ! 
Happy fathers day 2 u dudes ! and 4 those single mothers who have 2 b both parents ! 
cant wait to see that sexy man onscreen !!! so what if he really isnt native , he's brown !! and has THE best abs !!!! better than the white boy ! hahaha 
notice some people never change , others change for the better , and then the rest change for the worst . 
Grown ups was hilarious ! evry movie i see with all those guys are funny 
watching these cartoons they have on saturday . most of these suck what happened to the old ones like sailor < PROPFEMALE > or things like tht . psh everything is going downhill haha 
i love showers !!!!!!!!!!! with this heat i could take a million ! ahh well just got done dress shopping for < PROPMALE > and i think we found the rite one ! yay ! 
your just ridiculous ! this is me laughing in your face . now that i laughed lemme say bring it !! hahahahaa 
TEAM < PROPMALE > ALL THE WAY ! ahhh hes < PROPFEMALE > hot ! hes waay hotter than < PROPFIRST > ! that < PROPMALE > dude wasnt so bad either . 
I like him becaue he's sorta beautiful ... hehehe 
sometimes i wish i can solve everything ...... for good . 
beware beware ! i always feel like somebodys waaaaaaatchin meeeeeeeeee oooh oooh ohh 
Would you marry someone so they can get a green card ? hmm ... 
Stayn up watchn her sleep because im having horrible nitemares ... haha as old as i am . 
Im what you call unpredictable . 
my goodness ! i worked out hard today but what good is that after having frybread after !! ugh the temptations ! why does every event have some great frybread ???? 
OMG ! i havent had a breakfast burrito in a year ! ohhh LOVE IT ! 
Its amazing how crazy some people are ... scary too . 
got me some new bling from my mommy ! ohhh i LOVE it !!! 
wow i have so many clothes ! its like a store up in my closet 
watchin seseame street with T .... haha shes screaming with < PROPMALE > 
My love got her ears pierced . She looks Beautiful ! I must say shes is pretty tough 
ahhh finally made my chummy worms !! 
wow . idk wat to say ......................... what's guna happen to her son ?? even tho we werent frenz anymore i feel bad . 
Im still shocked . a life can be gone in an instant no warning at all 
had the weirdest dream . i tried to wake up in my dream and when i woke up i was dreaming ! 
very tired ... its hot outside . 
i need ibeprofen ! my feet hurt ! 
That name has no significance in my life ! So why tell me . 
Mmnm ..... enchiladas ! cant wait ! 
sometimes i wish they would hear my message and not just noise , i wish they can see my soul and not my body , i wish they can see where I'm going and not look at my past .... 
i got lab later ... BORING ! 
The titanic song came on the radio haha brings back memories . Haha inside joke 
ugh gross ... so disgusted right now . The things boys do ! 
culd it be tha once again your mad at sumone else en yor takn it out on mey ? hahaha 
hahaha yesterday was an okay photoshoot .... the photographer was great tho ! thanx < PROPMALE > ! now its game time 
I think its cute when a guy asks your mom 2 take u on a date . Very sweet haha 
I love how a full < PROPFEMALE > lights up the sky and make everything look like a movie scene 
hmmm ... sexual harrassment is very popular . Geez ! 
The photoshoot was cool . Got all dolled up ! felt like a celebrity . 
1st day of wrk went gud . Skool was alright . Finally gt 2 relax n eat 
geez .... cant find my way through . I'm like in a maze !! ahaha 
Why does it have to rain so hard when i have to walk to class ?? 
describe your perfect date ... hmm ... thats a hard one ... well i'd have to say april 25th because its not too hot and its not too cold , all you need is a light jacket ! hahahahahaha 
Haha will ferrell is hilariously he says the stupidist things ! 
finally took a shower ! i guess camping isn't so bad for 3 days but any longer idk bout that . 
Everybody wave goodbye to juicebox ! Literally wave !! 
OMG ! jus saw jackass . that was disgusting haha but freakn funny 
i feel sooo awake !!! hmmm .... i should go to bed but i cant ! 
Somewhere over the rainbow .... waaaay up hiiiiiigh ..... 
Wow i got a really good workout giving out the prizes n dancing . Haha one calf hurts more than the other 
busy busy ... worried ... busy .... calm .... bored .... tired .... busy ... ahhhhh ! ok so far so gud now just 3 more days haha 
i freakin hate math ... stupid stupid stupid ! thats why im not doing accounting ! ITS STUPID ! or maybe i just have a bad teacher hahaha . either way its sstupid !!! 
Buh buh bum brrrrrr buh buh ba ba buh brrrrrgh bm buh ba ba ba buhh buhh ba ba burrrrggh bum bumb buhb ab haha me n T are having a conversation thts really interesting ! 
I miss my mommy 
I love dressing up ! haha t is givin me a reason 2 still go trick or treating ! yay ! 
haha busy busy day ! and tomarrow will be too but i cant wait ! 
they really need to put some scary movies on tv ! geez ! trying to get into the holiday 
Had a blast trick or treating haha so did mokes n t ! i think i lost 20lbs hahaha 
These little kids crak me up so much 
siiting here watchin dinosaur train lol its really funny . 
Im looking for my friends im looking for you ! hey theres may ! may i show you how i groove ?? 
Headed 2 the fair ! yaaaaaaay ! 
ahh finally clean ! now homework time . 
I feel so calm right now .... but so cold . 
hey anybody wanna tell me how the alumni game went ? 
come to the social gatherng at salt river high school ! support the seniors ! support your traditions !! 
the gathering was way fun ! cant wait til nxt year ! 
ha went to the new theatre at the pavallions not too shabby ... 
Our Lives begin to end the day we become silent about the things that matter . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. 
I ate so good ! ha ima hav thanksgiving 3 times instead of one . geez i need 2 run 2 take tht all off ! 
Just keep swimming just keep swimming just keep swimming !!! 
Ha got caught thinking about people from the past .... ha ha fun fun times ;) i miss vinegar ..... lol !! 
It's always the wrong person .... oh why ? oh why ? 
Happy thanksgiving ! hope you have a great one ! 
Pinon < PROPFEMALE > apple is actually prety gud ! 
ahhh hmmm .... shhhhhhhh ..... buh buh buh ...... looooooooo ........ grrrrrrr ..... shaba shaba blah blee blue pop ..... what did i say ? hahahahahhahahahhahahaha 
She lays her head on my arm and smiles waiting for me 2 smile back and do something funny . her eyes feel w4th joy as i saw peek a boo and my heart fills with love as i hear her laugh ... 
ahhH !!!!!!!!! T ! by the end of the month she'll be walking like nothing !! she growing up < PROPFEMALE > fast ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against Child Abuse , copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
Baby i like it they move on the floor baby i like it come on and give me some more .... baby i like it ... Oh yes i like it ! haha luv tht song 
just two more weeks and i'm done finally !!!! yay !! then a break from school !!! 
Asking questions is the best way ! so why dont u ask ????? its very confusing . when i wanna kno sumthin i ask like a normal person hahaha 
** THE NUMBER GAME ! Send me a number to my inbox ( 1-500 ) & I'll tell you what i really think of you(on my status ) without anyone knowing who I'm talkin about ! ** 
#515 your wayy cool ... haha i member all of us hanging in rosemarys office talking about crazzy stuff !! 
#5 i dont remember how we met but i know were family ... and family is cool . were all cool hahaha 
#72 haha your gangsta ! we have those chill times in those brown shirts ! 
#25 your soooo cool ! your someone i kinda look up too because you do it all ! now i do it all too !!! yay us !! 
#12 ha ur mann !! hahaha < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . your the best coolest non-craziest friend i have ! you helped me thru alot ! most times idk what i'd do without you ! NO HOMO !! LOL 
#15 ha this guy is chill . he likes to flirt with every girl in his sight but hes funny . 
#986 ha when i think of you i think of sweater vests . your a super cool dude tho !! 
#66 ha took a while for me to get to know you but your cool . really liked your fashion tho !!!!!!!! 
#35 ha one of the coolest people ever !!!!!!!!!!! some fun times , crazy times , sad times , mad times haha we went thru it all ! until i graduated hahaha 
#5 dang we grew up together during softball and had fun times . I totally missed you and ur mom then you found me on facebook !! 
#55 haha well well well what can i say . your the coolest ! I enjoyed picking on you whenever i can just because im < PROPFEMALE > jealous that your model status . but foreal your one of the nicest funniest goofiest dudes i met . 
you know what's funny when you know someone is feeling something and they wont admit it but then it gets annoying because they act weird or dumb . 
mmmmm ........... ice cream sandwich ! 
I'm sooo tired ! i had such a long day ! hopefully when the break comes i can rest !! 
The Dbox was way cool haha soooo guna c tron w/it ! 
Well last final hopefully i pass !! please let me pass ! i dont wana tak this ovr again !!!!!!!! 
Are you guys ready to let the dogs out ? hahahaha 
my heart is beating fast and my lips cannot move , i see you walk by and just smile because thats all i can do as i wish i had the courage to just go up and kiss you ...... hahahaha psh as if ! 
Sooooo bored . 
< PROPFIRST > on family guy is so stupid . 
Were totally ready for christmas ! yay 
Grrrr ..... christmas is not guna be gud 4 awhile . i wish oh how i wish things were differnt 
Countdown begins til christmas ! 56 mins ! 
Got T's ukalele n playing somewhere over the rainbow haha 
Mmmm chummy worms ! n hot tea ! 
Hospital food sucks . i feel nauseous . 
Im laying here wishing i can go to sleep but my greatest fear is about to come true . i kno in my heart things will go bad but i just cant get them to see it until it happens ... 
Im into hugs not drugs !! 
bada bing bada boom . 
tell me truth . thats all i want to hear . is it so hard ? is it really ? 
Yo Queiro ipod . 
The field trip was fun today but those kids wore me out ... im out . 
trying to waste time so i can see my love .... 
Baby te queiro whooa whoa . I really love that song !!!!!! 
wonder what class is going to be like !!! hmmm .... idk !!! wish me luck making friends ! 
Wow . So we had 2 fix our tire cuz it went flat . Hahaha gud thing hossy was there . 
hmmm .. class tonight < PROPFEMALE > not looking foward .... well maybe a little . he he he 
shut your face ! your just coming off as stupid !!!!!!!!! hahahha 
< PROPFEMALE > today was fun ! my group was the best !! i think i got my message to 2 the kids ! 
Home all day watchin after T . my poor baby isnt feeling well .... im a little worried 
finally got this working again haha 
long day .... wow that lady's hair looks like a cat on her head hahaha 
south park isn't so bad ... 
Geez my teacher talks waaaay 2 much ! she spent an hour and a half talkin about the dang syllabus . i can read !! oh well maybe its just cuz im hungry ... 
quizzes , tests , homework .... when does it end ?? 
state wrestling is done n the guys did great ! They are one of the best in state in their weight class ! hoss placed 6th in the state and < PROPMALE > is state champ ! 
Because your kiss , your kiss is on my lips ..... because your kiss , your kiss is oooooooooOoooOoon my lips .... 
i think a few pople are addicted to this .... haha ahem ... you know who you are ! 
< PROPFEMALE > 
as she sleeps in my lap , I brush her hair out of her face and kiss her sweetly on the forehead , i can't help but think she's the best thing that has happened to me . hmmmm .... i love this . 
Sometimes I wonder \Am I crazy or are the people Im talking to crazy ? \ " then i remember I'm not talking to anyone aaaaahahhhhahaha . I love how i amuse myself . " 
I'm sitting here arguing with Hoss talking about werewolves and vampires . geeez i need a life hahahaha jk 
Sometimes i just dont know about people .... 
We had so much fun with spending time with my brother ! its been so long since we've seen him . 
watching what is probably one of my favorite cartoons now super why haha 
I think its funny when a guy looks @ you and then runs into sumthing or trips . makes me feel BEAUTIFUL ! HAHA 
My baby girl i officially 1 !!!! its amazing how fast she grew . 
Had < PROPFEMALE > muc fun with the fam .! now jus chillin w/ my brothers n my mom . T is sleeping becuz she tired herself out ! 
If U are goin 2 tiare's b-day party the LOCATION HAS BEEN CHANGED ! ITS ¡ the mormon church off of mcdowell by the cemetery PLEASE CALL OR Txt if need directions 
finally up after the party yesterday ! that was fun and i thank all of you for coming to celebrate with us ! especially my family !! see you guys intwo weeks ! 
Chillin in the suite ¡ the d-backs game ! this is soooooo cool ! 
Dear Mr. < PROPMALE > Hampton . I am a white woman in < PROPFEMALE > ! hahaha .......... What a beautiful chocolate man !! 
haha happy birthay Dr. suess .... as the kis say 
hahaha what's with everybody and their angry posts haha .... 
Maybe being bad isnt such a bad thing ...... hahaha 
HOW DID WE MEET ! \ 
* COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS & SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE ACTUALLY REMEMBER ! * 
And the countdown begins to the best day ever ! MARCH 10TH ! hahahahha all you other guys are suckers hahahahahaahaha 
STEEEVEN LETS < PROPFEMALE > out , STEEEVEN LETS GO to the mall , my life is a living hell . 
I hate to see people hurting especially if they're cose to me ... 
so far so good on this day of peace !...... 
just saw hall pass .... wasn't as goodas i thought 
Dropn off my bro . Had a fun time wit him n the fam ! 
2 more days ! haha I am excited . smile !!!!!!! haha idk what am i talking about ! 
Tomarrow is a new beginning and with every new beginning , it needs change . So I'm going to change everything . well not everything .... 
Im 20 finally !!!!!! 
Ready to get my party on !! haha well after my test !!! 
hey peeps tuesday im heading over to Albuquerque !!! so if you wanna < PROPFEMALE > text me !! < PROPFIRST > TEXT ME ! HAha 
Sometimes i just cant stand it . 
Geez there is nothing on this late ! anyway happy st. patty's ppl !! 
I love st. < PROPFIRST>'s day cuz i can go up to random people n say ' your not wearing green!' and pinch them hahahahaha 
Should be doing homework . haha but i dont have any paper ! 
My brain is overloaded . ERROR ! ERROR ! lol 
I talked to < PROPFEMALE > today to get my annual advice on life lol .... she made me really think . What am I doing ??? 
OMG ! < PROPFEMALE > finch is so tall ! i cant believe im actually meeting her ! 
I love being me because I'm not perfect and I'm comfortable with that . I live I learn and I love . haha muah from me to you . 
Don't you just hate it when somebody doesn't get the hint . haha then they got to make it very uncomfortable by talking to you when you just wanna leave or act like they're giving you a hive five then try to hold your hand . geez ! 
\True love is not so much a matter of romance as it is a matter of anxious concern for the well-being of one's companion . \"" 
It felt good to be on the field again ! its where I always want to be . 
I'm so glad its friday n payday . This week was very long .... 
I want some eggs n bacon ! mmmmm my mommy said tht my aunties are makn tamales tho !!!!! 
haha my horoscope says i should be direct since everyone else isn't . so if you ask me a question or for my opinion , im not holding back . :) 
Theres nothing like a first kiss .... haha frm 50 first dates . I luv this movie 
