ha ha ! I flung food at myself trying to get < PROPFEMALE > 

Who knows of a good dry cleaner in Oceanside , preferably one that is cheap , and if you don't mind , how much do they charge ? 
Currently looking for work . :) 
Currently looking for work , if anybody knows of any open positions , please let me know :) 
Going to start school at < PROPFEMALE > Costa . I thinki will enjoy it . I start < PROPFIRST > . 26th . 
Had a great day today ! Went to Burger < PROPMALE > with my hubby for lunch and he showed me how to cut my soda calories in half without making my drink taste nasty . Half diet coke , half regular coke and a splash of dr. pepper . Yummy . 
I got a new job at an eye doctor answering phones and helping customers ! Super excited and glad that I will be able to go out early morning again on service ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the email about the job , Love you ! 
Had a wonderful weekend up at Lake morena in San < PROPMALE > with my hubby , and when i went to work today i only had 4 children to watch . I had a easy day and enjoyed a nice lunch with my hubby and my sis at a new place . Just so happy ! Love you all . 
My schedule has changed so I am going to be working now Monday-Saturday . 6:45 am- 5:30 pm on weekdays and 7:30 - 11:30 on Saturdays . So I will be going out on service now on Sundays after meeting . Let me know if any of you peeps want to go out with me on service sometime . 
Had the best weekend !! Ant surprised me with a trip to Colorado to see a couple of our friends . We had a wonderful time . We went to Pikes Peak , The Garden of the Gods , the taste of Colorado and to this pizza place that i went to when i was little and lived in Colorado . It was amazing . I Had the best time ever . Thank you my partner and love of my life . You make me so happy everyday . I LOVE YOU ! You truly are the best . 
Cant believe it is the weekend again . This week went by < PROPFEMALE > fast . Must have been the extra day off last weekend . : ) 
Going to watch some Netflix and then go to bed . Man i love Netflix ! Have a good night everyone . 
Enjoying some Quiz nos and a cookie . Yummy . I got me an Italian classic . It is my favorite . 
Doing good , little sore but good . : ) Happy we are both home . 
HUSBAND WEEK : If you have a husband who makes your life interesting , full of fun , is your best friend , who's been with you through thick and thin , who has been a blessing in your life , and to whom you are PROUD to be married , copy and paste this to your status with the date married . ... ( 5-27-2000 ) 
Had a grate day out with a awesome friend . We went to go see the owl movie in 3d and to sushi . Had a grate time . :) 
Love my husband so much . He is such a good man , puts others first , takes care of me , does everything he can just to make me smile . He is so giving , loving , kind and just an all together great person . I love you my love . 
Got my hair done today . It looks good i think . That's my new hair in my profile pic . : ) 
Have a grate day everyone : ) 
Have a great day/night everyone : ) Someone let me know that i spelled great wrong on my last post . lol 
Eating some drunken noodles at home for lunch . They are a little to spicy though . Prolly going to watch some Net flix and then off to the Montessori school for work again . 
Goodnight everyone . 
Good morning all : ) 
Had a great weekend with my sis in law in the dessert . Got to go to a carnival and got to go off roading with some great people . I had a great time . : ) Now to sit back and relax and just enjoy the day . 
Yay ! i finally got to see the end of quantum leap . :) 
Having a great day . love you all . : ) 
Yay got of work early today . Time to chill and watch some stargate sg1 . Its the weekend yay again ! Might go to disney instead i dont know yet . Love ya all :) 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you ... who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you CRAZY , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for everyday , and ... who you could NOT live without ... like I do ... then post this as your status ..... Love You my love ? 
WHATS UP EVERYONE ? CHECK OUT MY FRIEND JACOBS SONS WEBSITE , THERE IS GOING TO BE A WALK-A-THON COMING UP AND WERE TRYING TO GET AS MANY PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE TO COME AND JOIN US ! IZAIAHWALLIS . COM ITS < PROPFIRST > 22 2011 AT POINSETTIA PARK IN CARLSBAD STARTS AT 9 AM 
Had a wonderful day up in < PROPFIRST > and Cuyamaca hiking . Perfect weather and the best apple pie . It was truly a great day . 
Had a wonderful day at the garment district with my family and a great night with friends . Know for a nice cup of tea and some sleep . Goodnight all : ) 
Anyone who got that how many profile views do you have thingy . I didnt send it do not click on the link . 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately ... Re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world ... 
Had a great night with friends , now time to watch some Stargate Sg1 and have some much needed chocolate . yummy : ) 
Going to the gym . Work was stressful at the end of the day but , oh well . Hopefully tomorrow will be filled with sleepy babies , instead of crying ones . 
Had a great day with friends . Went to Zumba and a movie : ) 
Hershey's bliss white chocolate is the best white chocolate i have eaten . If you love white chocolate then you got to try it . Hope i dont eat the whole bag . Lol 
Virus spreading like wildfire on Fb and My Space ! It is a Trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you as a friend , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her , you get the virus too ! Please ... copy and paste to your wall . 
