RIP Grandpa < PROPMALE > Draves 6-3-09 JUST made a facebook . Quite confused . Really mad that summer's only got 1 month left . 

I really should start APUSH ... 
AHHHH ! my computer won't let me put up any photos ! 
Will be hanging out with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! 
!!!!!! Grandma JUST got emitted into the hospital !!!!! She hasn't been treating her diabetes and it is off the charts ! God , PLEASE let her be OK !!!! 
This year : june : Grandpa dies in a hospital . July : Dad gets a disk replaced in his neck . August : macalah/appendix . Now this . Who's going to be the october hospitalization ? I just wish whoever's controling this will stop f-ing with my relatives .... 
is not having fun . Is procrastinating homework . Is looking foreward to 4 hrs of Band tomorrow . Is worrying about her Grandma . 
Is instructors apprenticing @ Martial Arts again tomorrow , tons of FUN I seem to be better at keeping track of a group of little kids than just one ... Tried babysitting , its EXHAUSTING !!! 
Just got back from martial arts ! helped teach 2 classes , then trained like hell ! is SO ready for testing for a white piece of tape .... 
my computer is being a dork . 
is Going to the football game then maybe the dance ... Why am i not coordianted ? Seriously running into door frames gets old pretty fast . Its an imponderable i guess . 
neon lights , loud music , and skittles . HEADACHE . 
would have been happy to sleep in , but we got a load of 120+ bales of hay 40-60lbs each and they all had to be stacked in the loft . Finally done with that . =p 
is getting ready for testing now ! 
hello i just passed martial arts testing * is happy will only get a piece of tape at this graduation , not a new belt . Dang this now makes < PROPFEMALE > temporarily the same belt as me ( brown) !!! NOOOOOO !!!! >.< 
alright everyone i AM going to homecoming so stop bugging me =P 
waking up bright and early in the morning for flute sectionals . yay*sarcasm . 
got a homecoming dress , looks great , got shoes . Painful shoes . 3.5 inch heels ! never worn real heels in my life , have a week to learn ! 
bumming on FB and Myspace at the same time ... i cant believe how bored i am ! 
OH yeah SLOB DAY ! everyone wear sweatpants ! I will be heck yes ! 
Ha ! It was a battle , but I have successfully conquored the after-dance hairspray spiral curled mess that was my hair ! 
hooray for every day being the same as yesterday ! Go boring Life ! not ... 
confuzed , but at least it stopped snowing . OR maybe thats a bad thing . 
Its going to be an interesting week =P 
Whats up people ! im just in kinda a good mood , very energetic . OMG its COLD outside ! Listening to country music and procrastinating on APUSH ! 
Im bored watch out im gonna start putting quotes from the country songs im listening to on here soon =) 
i went 2 ponderosa with the family .. was lots of fun , my cousin is back from Afghanistan ! going to a horror movie tomorrow ... =/ wish me luck . 
i cant find the cell phone !!! its lost ! Oh no !! >.< 
is one of the non-flu minority and worried im gonna be next ! 
if you added it all up , over the past two or three hours i've moved at least 1500 lbs of hay . I still have about 500lbs left to move . Ow . Wish me luck . 
not having the world's greatest friday , but its not horrible either . 
nice fun b fight with my sister =/ 
Sophmore testing bright and early in the morning tomorrow ! ah that'l be the part i fail . 
See ya ! Headed North ! Theres no computers there . Dont worry , I'll be back Sunday night =p 
is wondering ... what would happen if you put a pen in a microwave ? Would it explode ? 
' Cause when push comes to shove you taste what you're made of , you might bend ' till you break , ' cause it's all you can take , on your knees you look up , decide you've had enough , you get mad , you get strong , wipe your hair , shake it off , then you stand . ~ Rascall Flats 
* sigh * 
Bye ! I'm headed North today , will be back Sunday , so ... See ya ! 
learned to text ! OMG ! 
i just went in search of a profile picture . i dont have any !!! So , I will be taking the camera North with me , picture hunting instead of deer hunting . Maybe then my profile pic wont b me riding Rawhide any more . 
sorry guys . I promised id go get a good profile pic this weekend but ya see , i didnt . >.< 
>.< sheesh y do people have to be so pushy all the time wow people need to chill out ! Still working on that profile picture , one of these days it wont be horses anymore . 
brrr its sooo cold out !!!! I was just outside now Im so cold ! 
damn everyone has plans today except me . Its an awesome weekend and im sitting at home being a bum ... grr . im gonna go look for some fun ! 
mmm enchiladas 
grr school tomorrow this weekend was not long enough . I wish it were a snowday sometime this week ! 
* sigh BORED doing APUSH ......... 
=( the computer speakers aren't working ! Oh no ! Silence is not a good song for me . =( 
Yeah ! power is back on ! and now i have to finish my homework ... because im a procrastinator like that ! 
sooo much homework ! and wow im so sore from martial arts ! 
=) I love fridays . 
Ahh how am I supposed to write a cheery < PROPFEMALE > long christmas letter when in reality ' 09 has been a completely crappy year ! 
Doing .. Nothing At All on a Saturday ... how sad ... 
Just was watching a bunch of Kuraenoken vidoes at Maritial Arts , and is going to go see Iron Man 
Yeah ! just won a fight with my computer ! 
Finally discovered the secret to solving a rubix cube ! 
Multitasking ! Facebook and cleaning =p not so much fun =/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Alright , awesome New Years Resolution : I'm going to get a picture for my profile , as I have been telling myself to do for months . 
12 minutes until Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Im FINALLY going to go see New < PROPFEMALE > =) !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Finally has her own cell phone with texting ! =) Welcoming myself to the 21st century ! 
Love this song I just found ! The Taliban Song by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
Yay for computers randomly shutting down ..... not . 
Life's a dance , you learn as you go , sometimes you lead , sometimes you follow , don't worry about what you dont know , lifes a dance , you learn as you go 
life's a dance , you learn as you go , sometimes you lead , sometimes you follow , don't worry bout what you dont know , life's a dance , you learn as you go ... 
b ... o .... r .... e .... d .... Xd >.< ><> =) =( ;) =P =O 0 . o =D ^_^ 
Yeah ! New Years Resolution Complete : profile picture done ! Aww its not new years yet i need a new resolution =p 
hi . 
is not having fun doing homework ... why does alg 2 have to be so pointless ? 
For a < PROPFEMALE > , seedless orange , those were some pretty big seeds =P 
The additive inverse of a negative number is a positive number 
Hates math review packets . . . . . 
I hate how i need to be at school anyways in the morning because my ride to school needs to be there ... 
Ah ... nothing like the smell of burnt pizza , air filled with smoke , smoke dectectors going off , and the oven isnt even preheated yet . This is what happens when I cook . 
feels like crap ... =( 
I must say , hauling 80lb salt bags down stairs is not fun . I think I will go do my homework now . Is it just me , or does anyone have a TON of homework even though its only the 2nd day of semester 2 ??? 
Has been curling her hair for 2 hours and is not yet done ... taking a little break . 
Alright ... computer randomly restarting ... Ok . Thats normal , I'm sure . 
cell phone : missing and dead . 
Alright ... time to do the English Paper ... 
My printer refuses to print my speech outline in black and white without the purple ink cartridge >:( now I have to hand write it . 
Wind Ensemble at Marquette today , we did alright ! It was a lot more fun than being in school ! 
just woke up . =D 
Did you just lose the game ? 
And so what life lessons have I learned today ...? An empty printer ink cartridge is never completely empty , should not be dissected , and printer ink does not wash off skin . 
wonders what she can do to make her life more interesting ... lately , whenever i have been asked How Am I my answer has been Bored ! 
Is very cheerful today =D 
Why is all the sad music always the best ? 
Mmmmm coffee = happiness <3 
No me gusta freshmen . >.< 
As of now , this is 26 hours without sleep . And I'm not even tired ... 
>:( 
DMV experience : Lady : Alright , read the letters in row 2 Me : Blahblahblah ... Lady : < PROPFEMALE > , you missed a box , try row 1 . Me : Blahblahblah ... Lady : < PROPFEMALE > , can you read the first row ? Me : What first row ? Theyre blank ... 
Went driving , for an hour . First time . In the rain , at night , over curvy roads and hills with other cars . Oh , and a deer . Didn't kill anything ! Did a doughnut . Hit 40mph . Thanks so much , Aunt < PROPFIRST > , for trusting me with your car ! =D 
='( Glasses = missing ... Oh no !! i can't drive without them . For all who asked today , NO i did not get contacts !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can't wait for summer : baseball caps , fishing poles , horseback riding , martial arts , summer camp , swimming , hanging out with family and friends ... So exciting ! 
Working on homework and talking to an old friend ... =) 
SPRING BREAK !!! Yeah !! 
Grr !! Those little , harmless ground flies/bee things ? They bite/sting . But not everyone , not even my dad who goes over there and stomps on their nest . Just me . Twice . Within 30 seconds . I feel so special . Damn bastards ... 
Spenht tons of time hanging out with family today , enjoying free time =) 
Tired !!! 
Listening to country music .... =) Took the dog on a walk first thing when I got home ... Fun times . 
Black Belt test tomorrow !!! Ahhhhh im scared 
Yayy !!! First black belt test : Complete . One down , three to go . And that was supposed to be the easiest one o . 0 OUCH 
Aww crap , have < PROPFEMALE > much to do to get ready for the next black belt test !!! Wish me luck ... 
Scraped by and passed my second black belt test ... not one of my better scores , but I did alright ! I got my wish ... a HUGE strawberry-banana smoothie ! <3 
* sigh * contacts ... odd ... =) I keep trying to adjust my glasses , and theyre not there , and I get confused because I can see . 
For those curious , I did in fact pass my 3rd black belt test . I have not decided what I want to say about it . Last test next week Saturday , this is the public test so wish me luck . 
Quite tired today . Very excited for the FINAL BLACK BELT test on Friday ... =) the worst is over . 
I . AM . A . BLACK BELT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! =) 
Life is amusing . Sometimes I think it would be nice to be able to watch my day unfold like a movie ... Instead of actually having to be there . 
I hate powerpoints ... 
is gonna fail a powerpoint !!!!!!! Yayy . 
There was almost something sad about watching all the stress , worksheets , folders , notebooks , ect . go up in smoke ... Almost . It made a nice bonfire though . 
Summer = time to start training my horse , Chica . Wish me luck , she was sassy to begin with and has been in the pasture all winter ! 
OK so here's the deal ... I'm headed up north for the week , where there is No technology , but I will have my cell phone . Even if you usually dont , feel free to text me because if I am not fishing/playing Country/running I will not be doing Anything ! Bye everyone ! 
I'm home ! Actually i got home yesterday but i had a horse show to go to . I had to see Comet show ; his new owner , < PROPFEMALE > , has done wonders with that dumb butt horse , and he got a 6th out of 6 horses ! Yay no disqualification ! 
TIRED . 
Parade in Oconomowoc saturday ... I will be in my uniform and black belt passing out flyers and business cards for the martial arts academy . If you're going and see me , say hello ! 
I dont like flowers . At least , not today . grr they all must die . 
A Fun day ! My grandma's birthday , movie , dinner with family , and now sitting relaxing . Happy fourth , folks . 
Working on an online DNR course to get my boating licence . Boring . Finished Unit 2 . 
I am so excited for Crossways Camp next week ! I leave Sunday ! Also , got burned making French Toast >.< 
I didnt know about the tornado warning until the tornado was there and gone . I was at martial arts =) 
Goodbye everyone ! Gone camping and vacationing . I will have my cell phone in 2 weeks and will be back home in three . Until then , BYE 
Crossways was so much fun , but being away from home for two weeks makes it difficult to settle back in here . I miss the people I met at camp ! 
I am leaving again on Sunday for the dells , but I will be back on the 7th ! And I will have my cell phone this time . Feel free to text me anytime ! 
had a really bad morning , so I gave up and went out for smoothies with my mom . The day got better then . I leave tomorrow for the Dells ! Be back on the 7th ! 
I am HOME !!! Its great to be back !!! 
Good day today . =) 
* sigh * rejected by the little old ladies at the blood donation day . of all the reasons , low blood pressure ! O.o Apparently 112/44 isnt good enough . 
no work ! relaxing tonight ! 
