feels strange . 

Beef stroganoff comes from happy cows . Read it out loud , it'll make more sense . 
may or may not be losing her shit right now . Miss my Charter family ... 
doesn't want to read a book about corn . And doesn't know why anyone would . 
wants to know why the HELL she's going back to school in three weeks . Maybe I should take up bar-tending . I'm a good listener ... 
wants to hug < PROPFIRST > , but can't because he's 93 fucking < PROPMALE > away . 
prays for Rindy Sumners . 
is not a lesbian . Is not a liesbian . Is not a lesbian .... Unless - damn it . 
is slightly confused as to what exactly she's doing with her life . 
might as well do a massive announcement . $ 8,000 in Cal Grants fell through due to a minor detail , so I have deferred my attendance at UC Berkeley . Currently looking for work , will start at community college in Spring , return to Berkeley in 2 years . Don't ask me if I'm happy about it ; I'm not at all . 
wonders why getting a job is this damn hard . 
wishes her cats didn't poke holes in her bedspread quite so much . It looks like it's been attacked by rampaging drill bits ... 
wants burritos . Burritos . BURRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIITTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOZZZ . 
is temporarily scandalized by the blatant and unrestrained idiocy certain individuals display while performing the banalities of simple human existence . 
Why do they say \come pick up your car at 12\ " if they mean 4:30 ? Sons of bitches .... " 
doesn't think the wheel is the greatest invention . I think it's the second wheel . Think about it . What is a guy on a unicycle ? A douche . 
has made a list of terrible things . At the top : finding a dress that fits everywhere except your boobs . FAIL . 
forsaken . 
wonders why doctors get paid so fucking much when they never give you any goddamn good news . 
was pulled over for not wearing my seatbelt across my chest . Kindly explained to police officer that very little fits over my chest . < PROPMALE > . 
doesn't know how to unlove someone . 
needs a job . Will resort to working street corners soon . Seriously . 
is being eaten by a pack of ravenous rabid werewolves . Or accidentally watching Melrose Place . Hmm , can't really tell which . 
is not going crazy . Is nott giong krazzy .. IsntisasjdbnlkabbvhWWHHAAAAAAAAAAAGGAGAGAHAHHAHAH !! &*$ 
is stoked for Chambers . 
is so so so SO boorrrreeedddddd . 
has finally come to a realization : facebook eats your brains . 
wants to congratulate CORE Dance Collective for creating such an astoundingly beautiful , painful , tragic , and inspiring production that truly touched and moved me . Chambers plays again tonight as well as next Friday and Saturday evening , and I encourage anyone and everyone to see this spectacular look into the intricate beauty and frailty of humankind . Truly amazing . 
has said all she needs to . Kinda nice to get the ball out of your court sometimes , yaknow ? Feeling better now . Perhaps things will be alright . 
has thirty-seven slices of pizza in her house and is not going to eat them everrrr . Ugh . Oh , well . Signing up to volunteer at Sac Animal Care Services on Tuesday - YAY ! Perhaps this week will not be terrible . Who knows ? 
Shot through the heart , and you're to blame ... 
is a big girl , and can take care of herself . Dunno why it took me eighteen damned years to pull that one out of my ass ... 
I will never forget you , not for long/you could always tell the right from the wrong/I could always ask you where to go/and now without you , I don't know/and now without you , I don't know . 
misses you today . Dunno why . You don't deserve it . Just can't seem to outgrow you . 
might actually be crazy . 
How illegal is stalking ? Like give it to me in years . 
wants to know how much longer the phase where just thinking your name makes me ache is going to last . I love you , and I know that your intention was only to do right by the both of us , but nothing is worth all this fucking misery , and I never did anything to deserve this . 
feels good . 
Can I please just give you your stuff back ? 
KICK ASS IS THE MOST AMAZING THING EVER . 
Look at this stuff . Isn't it neat ? 
is doing waaaaay better today . 
wants to apologize for saying not nice things regarding massage gel and anti-diarrheals . Was trying to do something nice for someone who didn't appreciate it . Won't happen again . Sorry to the 2.7 people that read my hissy fit . Sometimes I'm dumb bitches . 
All white top , all white belt , all white jeans , her body lookin ' like milk ... Too bad I'm just shy of black enough to make \belt\ " rhyme with \ " milk\ " . C'est la vie . " 
is teaching her mother the mystical sorcery that is facebook . 
is on the road to Cool . 
God , I wish I'd dumped you first . 
Dear Jesus , I have a zit . On my face , you ask ? No . My arms or back ? No . Where is it , you inquire . ON MY THIGH . Is this a prelude to leprosy ? Will my jaw fall off leaving my tongue lolling about ? Is this because of the essay I sold to that girl ? Or because of the thing I did in my car with that black guy ? EXPLAIN . Yours , N.D. P . S . - Nice job on the Haitian hurricane , Mt . Vesuvius , and < PROPFEMALE > Coulter . < PROPMALE > . 
Ran over a tumbleweed . Feel like I just spat on < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
loves watching old people flirt . 
Travie McCoy ftw . 
oh my God , how is it statistically possible for a human to be as pathetic as you ? I mean , I thought I was pathetic , and I'm sure that I am , but really , you are the top of the pathetic hierarchy . Hope it feels good to be < PROPMALE > . 
is a stalker . The victim ? < PROPMALE > MARS . 
crisis unavertible . 
Apartment , check , car , check , job , check . When does this become my life and not just a list of things to occupy myself with until you come back ? 
Screw the bike film festival . I need a parking spot ! 
Old men smoking pipes in their cars ftw . 
will have an original record for sale on July 31st . More updates will be made at myspace.com/nerdutramusic . 
I forgive you , and I am sorry . I pray that you find what you're missing . Flawed though you may be , you are perfect , just as you are . Try not to forget it . Time to move on now , I think . I'm sure we'll meet again . 
Ugh . Zeppelin covers . No stroll through the park , lads and dames . 
becomes infinitely more hilarious when she's right about stuff . Just ask < PROPFEMALE > Taley < PROPMALE > . MwahahHAHAHAHAHAHAAA !! 
You're WELCOME . Dumb bitch . 
had a bitchen night with @ < PROPFEMALE > Yamshon , @ < PROPFIRST > O'brien , and @ < PROPMALE > Atchley . 
is mixing songs , and garageband is doing some seriously crazy bullshit . Like some drunk paraplegic in a canoe without a paddle on the Chattahoochee bullshit . Seriously . 
just heard Eyes on Fire on accident . Way to ruin my day . I haaate that song .. 
\Cedric Diggory was just fuckin shot dead with magic . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Atchley " 
wants to be reborn . 
Party Down was cancelled . What is this world coming to ? 
would let < PROPFEMALE > Pfeiffer do anything to me . 
doesn't really want to move on , but has decided it's for the best . Ughh ; if this is what it means to be a grown-up - IT SUCKS . 
\Tonight you will drink the black sperm of my vengeance ! \ " < PROPMALE > Ebert ftw . " 
Wow . Worst week since Chernobyl . 
Prop 8 has been overturned . All is well . 
How did I miss Gym Class Heroes ? They're awesome . Go to < PROPFEMALE > and pick up \The Quilt\ " . It's a ridiculously good album . " 
Don't commit crimes . They're bad . And you'll get caught . And then you'll feel right stupid . 
might be the only person who saw Inception and then said \ ... eh \"." 
just watched The amen Who Stare at Goats . I have one word to say . \ 
\ 
YES . 
Do you remember a year ago today ? I was in San < PROPFIRST > having a silly argument with a friend over the phone . Don't remember what it was about - only how we were laughing about it fifteen minutes later . The bay breeze was coming in . It was a good day . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . They really made the day beautiful for me . You're all great friends and I love every last one of you ! 
missed you tonight . God , we used to laugh so much . Wish we could fix this . 
just got pulled over . By fish and game . And the guy said I was in \violtion of three violations\ " . ... What ? Double negative . Does that mean I was ... not doing anything wrong ? " 
is getting her shit together . Thank God . 
knows for a fact that the Giants are about to take the series . 
wants to go on an adventure right now . 
< PROPFIRST > Krimetz on < PROPFEMALE > Hill : \Bitch can RUN . \"" 
It's Friday night . Somebody needs to throw a Charter party . 
is home alone with my dog watching Criminal Minds reruns . This might be a good night . 
wants to throw a kick back sometime soon . Anybody down ? 
is thankful for everything . 
Am I the only idiot who wants to see the Spiderman musical ? 
is thinking of releasing a short album of premixes before the actual record comes out . Sound like a plan ? 
just saw Burlesque . Go < PROPFEMALE > . 
is stoked for this week . This is going to be a damned good week . 
has such a boner for Daft Punk right now . 
Do you ever want to change your personality ? 
Black Swan is one of the best films ever made . Ever . Period . 
is seeing Every Christmas Story Ever Told . A must-see for anyone who likes a good Christmas laugh . 
Happy Holidays . 
is recording . Sounds cool until you listen to yourself and you sound like a drunken angry sheep . Blech . 
had a fantastic day thrift shopping , talking boys with < PROPFEMALE > Riggs , and watching a rather awful horror flick with < PROPMALE > Atchley . Hope you had a good day too . 
gives props to < PROPMALE > G for having a good sense of humor . Not for playing the soprano sax . No one gets props for that . 
loves < PROPFEMALE > nights . 
