Sitting at drill ready to go home 

Its not what im thinking that really matters that much , its what Im feeling that effect my thinking that matters the most 
being bored sitting in class hoping Mr. < PROPFIRST > reads this and gets on to me for using facebook in school cause I have a couple of things to say to that guy ...... 
Its easier to denounce the evil doer than it is to understand him ...... 
On a road trip having fun , I hope we don't have car trouble 
What's in your head can sometimes drive you crazy , but what's in your heart will always drive you crazy ... \ 
< PROPMALE > Turner 
Why is the world so good to me right now ? But before why was it so bad to me ? Why will it be bad to me again ? And why will it be good to me again ? I wish 
it would just stay good to me till the day I die 
Headed on a overnight fishing trip with my girlfriends dad 
Today is my last day home for awhile , fixing to ship off to AIT , goodbye all my friends ill see you when I get back 
Headed to Camp Robinson in Little Rock , Arkansas 
In AIT at Fort Sill missing home already and but loving the military food 
Sitting at AIT being bored missing home , wondering when the porch swing falls from weak supports do you put it back up or do you let it stay down 
I'm tired of being in this place , it is really starting to mess with my head and everything back home is changing and I can't do a single thing about it 
Just woke up realizing I feel asleep talking to < PROPFEMALE > on the phone 
been waiting on a cab for two hours , finally got one and now I'm headed to a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > concert 
My phone has been shut off but for some reason I can still receive facebook messages and reply to them , how weird , I miss < PROPFEMALE > so much :( 
People who I thought were friends are going crazy and accusing me of things that I would never do , what is this world coming to when people cant even trust their own friends or when friends make stuff up because they need some serious mental therapy ? 
Thanks to everyone that wished me happy birthday the other day !!!!!!!!!! 
Happy veterians day everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
need a good job , anyone know of one ? 
