There . Let all hell break loose ! 

is apparently going to visit Caltech . See you tomorrow D: 
school leaves no time for piano ;___; 
loves watching people panic over APAH :) 
whoah , part three .. CBC is going pretty well . I signed up for worship team , so perhaps i'll be doing that soon :) . Chess Club is alright so far , though we haven't met much yet . But they meet two times a week now , i think , and are planning on playing Mount < PROPFEMALE > . You sound busyy . 
oops 
< PROPFEMALE > , i went to this concert at my piano teacher's house and everybody was Russian ... so they did the Russian clap :] 
varsity < PROPMALE > tryouts ! good luck 
who did tech problem solving last year ? 
20 dollars to whomever returns my USB stick . It is dark blue with a metal cover that pivots ;_; 
I would like to express my gratitude to all of my friends , who have made me who I am today . I owe so much to all of you 
Bad haircut in Taiwan :( At least it was cheap ! 
Inhaled a ton of flour in mandarin class 
misses everybody ! Love boat and friends from home :( 
made butter mochi . so good ! 
To the person who found/stole my prize bag : please please please return my library book ! That's all I care about . 
in a box , with a fox , in a house , with a mouse , here or there , anywhere 
:( .. 
I eat like Deutschland drinks . 
done with 2 midterms and a paper . now , just a comp sci project and I'm home free ! 
After watching the bonfire rally in the rain with no umbrella , not getting off at the right bus stop on the way home ( riding 1 hour to make a loop ) , having to take off jacket because it was sopping wet , and walking home in a t-shirt with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , I am still alive !! 
just saw Twisted . I HIGHLY recommend it ! 
um oops i meant Tangled . Tangled was a GREAT movie 
fentons ! yayy so good 
also , walking from doe library to mainstacks .. tripppy 
best of luck on finals , everyone 
just woke up ! how grand :) 
well there goes my health streak x_x 
made it into danceworx tap !!!!! after 5 failed dance auditions at berkeley :D 
picking which photos to load onto fb out of 116 on my cell phone . Sorry for possibly spamming your walls in the next few days 
ahaahah ahahhaa hahahahaaaa 
