New Years Resolution : Drink more beer this year than my lifetime total ! 

I am < PROPFIRST > Durden(first facebook status ever ) . 
um ... I play for keeps ! 
You know what's on my mind ? Neither do I . 
I missed chem again :( 
Why do they make it so hard to get to Chemistry ? 
Done with counseling ! 
Women don't beat me , I beat women !!!! 
Coming home to fuck shit up 
Sobering up from break , and getting ready to head back . Everyone it was a ton of fun , stay classy Strongsville . 
This weekend was nuts , and I can't find my band-aids ! 
< PROPFIRST > IS THE GREATEST ROOMMATE EVER !!!!!! < PROPMALE > and I suck though , ha 
is sitting in his dorm room talking to himself . He's pretty interesting . 
fml everyone sucks , and they're dumb 
I just opened the < PROPFEMALE > to see my final grades and I don't have the balls to look at it ! Let's see if I do after a few beers :P 
There's a story at the bottom of this bottle and I'm the pen 
Car sledding is the greatest new sport ever ! 
I would never hit a woman ... but I would slap a bitch ! 
First day back . Not completely gone , but definately in < PROPFIRST > land . 
First day of classes this semester , and I already got in trouble again . It's kinda a skill . 
Devils never cry ! 
missed out on becoming a tutor because I'm dumb :( 
Team < PROPMALE > can suck a < PROPMALE > . Team < PROPFIRST > all the way !!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > stole my phone ! 
Bobert Cunt is the man !!!!!! and a hypocrite . 
Woah , woah < PROPFEMALE > , I'm just here for flexing . 
is thinking about looking for a new running partner because < PROPFEMALE > Sentman can't keep up . 
< PROPMALE > drinks < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!!!! 
is playing for keeps 
Justice of half truths was served !! 
is rocking a holocost style \situation \"" 
I JUST FOUND OUT THAT < PROPFIRST > IS FINALLY OUT !!!! THANK YOU < PROPFIRST > Benco ! 
watching a tatto get done in my basement 
Celebrating straight A's for my midterm grades by skipping class ! 
should have done better at the beer Olympics , but I can barely move my lower body so I must have done something right . 
Why do people keep calling me a whore ? 
Finally , watching Twilight for the first time . Probably should have done that before I bought a poster . 
< PROPMALE > !!! 
Yelling , \EY ! \ " for five minutes is not karaoke . " 
went out , and got some waffles this morning 
Worst headache of my life . No one is ever allowed to have a birthday ever again . 
just related to Tupac on a deep level . 
is really good at accidentally having conversations with someone on the phone with someone else . 
wasn't loved as a child . 
< PROPMALE > , why did you betray me !? 
does anyone know what the name of the book about the holocaust is that I think took place in Denmark , and there was like a part where they hid hankerchiefs in their boats they carried jews on to confuse the dogs ? Also , I might have OCD . 
Last final today . Maybe I'll do good on this one or something . 
Done with school for the semester . Who's ready to fuck shit up !!? 
Home now . Kinda happy kinda sad . 
I MISSED STRAIGHT A'S BECAUSE OF MASS ENERGY BALANCES ! IT'S NOT EVEN A REAL CLASS . HOW DARE HE GIVE ME AN A- !!!!!!!!!! 
166 , 19 more 
Someone find me a job . 
My brother just found the schedule a certain secretary made me , and told me I should be ashamed of myself , lol ! 
won't give a homeless person money because I don't know what they'll spend it on . I just hand them a beer . 
Two week goal to be the strongest I've ever been !!! 
You know exactly who < PROPFIRST > Bieber is , and you just disrespected him ! 
Just met some kids who were planning on stealing my street sign , so I might as well help them . 
Who wants to be my volleyball partner ? 
Good luck , < PROPFIRST > ! Hurry up and call me . 
Just did some work on the yo roll , and it looks sweet !!!!! 
Today ain't you day , BITCH !!! 
wrecked chipotle 
I have a job !!!!! 
My mother just called me to ask if I'm on drugs ... again . 
is going to Burger < PROPMALE > to talk to strangers about Twilight . 
THE HOTTEST GIRL ON MANSERS WANTS TO DATE < PROPMALE > DYRDEK !!!! WHY NOT ME !!!????? :( 
Making bad decisions !! 
\Chivalary is dead 
Kicked out of the house right now . I hope a little man got all of his frustrations out . 
Does anyone have a scale I can borrow ? 
Haven't been able to lift lately , and I feel like I'm about to punch someone . 
Home !!!!! 
Just got the biggest pay check of my life . That's a whole lot of beer !!!! 
The next gatorade they come out with should be gatorade hangover . 
Woke up the morning feeling like P Diddy , and by feeling like P Diddy I mean with a broken hand , messed up ear , hungover/ still drunk , and late for work . 
Happy Birthday !! \ 
LOve , \ 
Mom 
making gains 
you know I'm in a good mood when I start screaming . 
In case anyone is curious in the last episode of Jersey Shore you can see jack3d on the table . 
Pauly , we've got grenades ! 
phone's dead until sometime after Wednesday . Hit me up on here if you need anything . 
Came up with new labeling system for people in my phone , and it's fucking hilarious . 
i love rainbows and sparkles <3 
pussy !!! 
GOD DAMN I'M FUCKING RETARDED !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm waiting for someone fun . 
I understand so much more now . I love Michigan , and everyone there !!!!!!!!! It is what < PROPFEMALE > should be . 
One day , I will make it to Friday classes . One day . 
Chem lab is done , and I feel like I should be able to drink now . How the fuck is it only Tuesday !? 
I'll see you all next week . 
scared 
is tired of repeating the past . 
Why do I keep encountering problems I can't solve with my fists ? 
Life just raised the stakes , and I don't back down . < PROPFIRST > Culligan . 
is really fucking frustrated . 
Apparently , my new nickname is Pauly D . Not gonna fight it , ha . 
Hey , Asian fucks . Come find me so I can hug you , especially < PROPFIRST > . 
Probably going to be in the library all day tomorrow . FML 
really pissed off . I don't know why I do the things I do . 
Now my elbow is bleeding . What's next !? 
My name is < PROPFIRST > , and I like to party . 
President of the IFF 
Phone's broke , car's broke , wall's broke , and I haven't wiped all the blood off yet . 
People need to start learning how to respect my swagger . 
phone is broke for the people who keep thinking they are going to get a hold of me . 
Just got my my old phone reactivated . If I got your number in the last month or two send it to me . 
I can't get over how bad I want someone to tell me to fuck off . I'd respect that kind of straight forward honesty at least . 
Don't try to start a fight with me if you don't know anything . 
I miss perfection . Why did I waste my time being scared and dumb . I had to grow balls at the wrong time :( 
I hate weekends 
Skipping physics , yeah ! I think I'm ready for something I haven't been ready for in years . 
I didn't do it . Don't judge me . 
The best fucking weekend ever ! I love my friends ! 
Yayyyy for limping ! 
Fuck School 
I'm in a strangely good mood , but I feel like I shouldn't be . Chea ! 
I'm about to make someone feel so incredibly uncomfortable today . 
I love the smell of bacon mixed with vomit in the morning . 
Going home tonight , and then OSU with < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
My mommy said I look bigger :D 
Lost my phone again so hit me up on here if you need to get a hold of me . Also lost my keys , shirt , wallet , and car . 
< PROPFIRST > is my girl 
I suck big cocks !!!!! 
temporary phone number : 216-386-4350\ 
emergencies only 
I miss my phone :'( 
needs a suggestion for a humanities class to take 
I'm drunk on haterade , and it's making me strong as fuck . They should sell this shit at GNC . 
I don't even like drinking anymore . 
Jogged five < PROPMALE > today . I don't think I've ever done that before . 
Finally , for once in my life have a phone , and a phone charger ! Yayyyy !!!!!!!!! 
I think I finally figured out what my problem is . 
I can't wait until I'm fourty . I wasn't kidding . I would love for it to happen . 
All I have to say about finals is , fuck 
I'm home , and getting fat . Who wants to do shit !? 
Lunar Eclipse tonight . Hoping I get super powers !!! 
God damn , I'm a fuck up . 
Just got pokemon on my laptop !!!!!!! Totally not gay ! 
gtl , jersey shore , then barroom 
I will fuck up anyone who fucks with a girl I care about . 
Rocking a faux hawk in honor of the new episode of Jersey Shore tonight 
Fuck my friends . I'm supposed to be the bad influence . 
I just vomited ten dollars worth of supplements at the rec !!!!!!!!! 
I cxan't read , but I made it homeeeeeee 
Fuck my life ! 
Just found out I need to start periodically checking my sent messages . 
I'm gay for third eye blind ! 
Has anyone seen my filter ? 
Does anyone know if the rec , bookstore , dining halls , or library are open today ? 
