Openstreetmap is addictive ... 

Went to my nephew < PROPMALE>'s baptism in Heber today ... 
\“The problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people’s money . ” —Margaret Thatcher " 
If he wants the prize to mean anything , he should turn it down ... 
I went walking along the Legacy Parkway Trail yesterday afternoon . There is a paved trail that goes along the east side of the highway from I-215 up to Farmington . The segment I like to go on in Bountiful has an unpaved gravel trail on the west side of the highway too , next to the Legacy Nature Preserve . Then there is a pedestrian bridge and you can loop back on the other side . 
Welcome Mr. Griffith ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everybody ! 
Massachusetts for Brown ! 
At a very fundamental , core level , Springston did not share our vision for a news publication with a progressive perspective . He held on to the notion that there was an objective reality that could be reported objectively , despite the fact that that was not our editorial policy at Atlanta Progressive News . It just wasn’t the right fit . 
I finally figured out why living in an apartment complex is more like living a motel than in a real community . All the residents are in a living terror of what will happen to them should they need to move out early . 
As far as I can tell , title insurance is the greatest racket ever devised . They pay out ~ 5% of premiums in actual claims , and the rest is extraordinary compensation for a little bit of due diligence . 
All in favor of state offices re-opening on Friday like the rest of the planet say ' aye ' 
Well , my < PROPFEMALE > was funded yesterday , so I am now the proud owner of a new home in Syracuse . It has been a while ... 
If anecdotal reports are to be believed , < PROPMALE > is toast . 
Moved to Syracuse yesterday . Thanks to everyone who helped load / unload ! 
I learned something new today . Namely , avoid Dish Network like the plague , because they and their authorized retailers are engaged in what looks like a criminal conspiracy . The next thing is that if you do have to deal with them , make sure you order from them directly . Because if you sign up with one of their retailers , they will both charge you separate cancellation fees in the hundreds of dollars . 
There are rumors that Senator < PROPMALE > will run as a write in candidate in the primary election . While this is his right in the general election , there is no provision for him to become the Republican party nominee by way of write in votes in a primary election , in the Utah Code or in the Utah Republican party rules . The dispute that would ensue if he made such a determination would be rather entertaining , however . 
I am glad to hear Senator < PROPMALE > has done the gracious thing and bowed out 
That was quite an ending 
\“Three may keep a secret if two of them are dead . ” - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
It is primary election day here in Utah . < PROPFIRST > vs . Bridgewater , Matheson vs . Wright , the final battle . Vote early ( but not often ) 
Ever noticed how the phone , internet , cable , and satellite companies never advertise their real prices ? In fact , it often takes considerable work to beat it out of them . Instead all they want to tell you are promotional rates that expire after a year or so . Bait and switch as a business model , more or less . 
Iraq invaded Kuwait twenty years ago today 
If you are in Utah/Idaho/Arizona you can look west right now and see a very bright < PROPFEMALE > a little ways above a crescent < PROPFEMALE > , and both Mars and Saturn in a triangle with < PROPFEMALE > not far above that , Mars on the left , and Saturn on the right 
< PROPFEMALE > is still prominent in the Western sky just after sunset every single night . Can't miss it . Unusually bright 
Set up a new PC today and all I can say is that < PROPFEMALE > builds ten times better hardware than HP does . 
The Ninth Circuit court recently decided that in most cases end users cannot resell software they have purchased , because they don't own a copy , but rather merely license it . I want to hear from some legal type how it was possible for the Supreme Court to come to the opposite conclusion in 1908 ( with regard to license by notification ) , on essentially the same facts . 
Thanks everybody - isn't Facebook wonderful ? 
I am starting to think that it is probably a good idea to allow the Bush tax cuts to expire . Not because higher taxes are a good thing , but because the la la land both parties live in is bad for the country . Somewhere , somehow there ought to be a political incentive to cut spending a dime or two . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! 
I have seen the future of solid state storage and it is HSDL . Or something like it anyway . 
There is nothing out there that makes me despise the marketing and advertising profession more right now than the obscene \weird old tip\ " weight loss ads everywhere . Any self respecting publication would insist that their ad network block those ads or lose a customer . " 
