Unless you actually Like the pain , in which case the physical abuse becomes a defendable form of medical research : your honor , by smacking my son several times over the course of the last three weeks I was able to discover that he is , in fact , some kind of pain freak . 

hear my motor purr 
mildly concussed 
just made an ass of myself in hooters 
does anybody have skype ? i just got one and im bored as hell 
Way to go canada . only you could fuck up something so simple . 
Mrs. < PROPMALE > , it appears terrorists have snuck a snuke up your sniz . 
As soon as you're born you start dying , so you might as well have a good time . 
really needs to paddle . 
I'd rather stay a child and keep my self-respect if bieng an adult means bieng like you 
Hitting rock bottom usually means things can't get any worse , but it doesn't mean they have to get better 
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans . 
< PROPFIRST > White is a bad ass motha fucker . 
Free Tibet !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i've been home so long now that i miss people i don't even like . 
spacers . suck . nuff said . 
CAN'T SLEEP :( 
Thievery Corporation ... 
thought i could pull my hat over my eyes and still see ... mistake 
loves lockout :) 
New at 10 1/2 feet . i wanna paddle :/ 
really does not feel so inclined as to go to school tomorrow . Or friday for that matter . 
My chem 2 class doesn't need a study group as much as it needs a \help nate pass this class and graduate high school\ " group . lets just say my chem 1 grade wasn't much of an indicator as to how much i learned . " 
Pandora radio blows my mind on a daily basis . 
tired of this bullshit 
can't wait to get out of beckley 
fear and loathing in las vegas :) 
i wish i lived in a perfect world 
The fight scene at the end of Hot < PROPMALE > is EPIC haha 
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man . 
< PROPFIRST > Depp is the shit . 
shit piss fuck cunt cock-sucker mother-fucker tits fart turd and twat 
some people just can't hold a conversation at three in the morning . 
confidence is the feeling you have before you fully understand the situation . 
too much man ... 
nevermind ... bed . 
these groups are getting out of hand . my news feed is completely filled 
Open your eyes and try to see the world through someone else's ... 
the jeep is clean ... 
beaver creek ~ 4500 cfs ... hot damn 
he will once again return to Bahala where he will slumber and feed . 
if you're going to die while doing something boring , put on a silly face so everybody will think you were having fun , 
iron and wine + pandora radio = i'm sleepy as fuck . 
Concord university's accptance success rate is 69% ... 
everyone has something they're ashamed of ... 
r con r cigarro r con r barril rapido corren los carros cargando el azucar de ferrocarril 
fifteen minutes from this second i'll be crawlin on my knees 
i didnt realize it was easter till i got on fb . this is kinda sad 
GODDAMNIT !!!!!!!!!!! 
russian bloodbath ... nuff said haha 
im too drunk to taste this ravioli haha 
Almost died today . Instead , I lived and get to go back to school tomorrow . I'm still not sure which one is worse . 
Get the fuck away from my snickerdoodle ice cream 
These smiling eyes are just a mirror for the sun 
I hate the mall ... 
as a socieity becomes stronger the individual becomes weak 
when it’s said and done , it’s just yourself that you are facin’ 
farmville is gay 
Just got my ass kicked by a floor buffer 
my whole body hurts ... 
Thanks everybody :) 
Lost in south park . 
1 . dont drink after anyone 2 . dont smoke after anyone 3 . if you walk into a room and it stinks , walk out until it smells better . 
anyone wanna paddle the lower new ? i need shuttle !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Girls : can't live with em ' , can't commit genocide . 
pop-tarts need to make a cereal 
And so ends my high school career . 
didn't put the top on my jeep before i left for work this morning . 
Seductively gurgles 
People told me slow my roll . I'm screaming out : fuck that . 
Never looking down , i'm just in awe of whats in front of me . 
anyone wanna set shuttle ? i know it's a little late but give me a call . 3042377373 
Killer day at ASCI . Pics should be up within a week . 
Headed to the upper yough ! 
Survived !!!!! 
prime day today :) 
As promised , pics from ASCI are up . tell me what you think . 
Its all in the ebb and flow , the tides and waves of energy . 
I shake , I move and the girl gets hot 
my shoulders hurt ... 
i think my darkness is showing ... 
mom danced with the gloves tonight . shits infectious 
saddened and defeated by this conflict . 
Im moved in at concord , but i cant figure out how to hook up my internet 
would love it if someone would bring me food . even a hot pocket would suffice . im starving :( 
my phone is now entirely dead so get at me on here or skype . 
one more class and im done for the weekend :) 
pretty boring for a friday night ... 
May the wind always be on your back , and the sun upon your face . And may the winds of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > you aloft to dance with the stars . 
two long bike rides , three movies , a nap and I'm still soooooooo bored . Hit me up 3042377373 
MIGHT GET TO PADDLE TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Up . going kayaking :) 
CURRENT ! 
back in athens :( 
could eat the fuck outta some wendey's right now . 
whats goin on tonight ? 
< PROPFIRST > Saunders : \I've never taken my clothes off so fast . it was like a world record . \"" 
In beckley for the weekend 
finally has a job ! 
is a BAMF 
work till eight . hit me up 
five hours of class followed immeiately by five hours of work ... today is gonna be awesome 
needs a place to watch the game tonight 
GAULEY FEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > and me are campo fire buidfdies :) 
she's totally out-skanking herself tonight 
needs another weekend to recover from this weekend ... 
is gonna try to start some kind of whitewater club at concord . hit me up if you kayak or are interested in learning . 
is not dealing with this weather very well 
does anyone have a scientific calculator I could borrow for my 2:00 class today ? 
four straight hours of class and then Beckley for the weekend :) 
first kayaking trip down the upper gauley today !!! 
I won't have a phone for awhile so if anybody needs to reach me just message me on here , skype(nate-shelton ) , or my email( sheltonnate@yahoo.com ) . 
I'm feeling rough , Im feeling raw in the prime of my life 
Many things in life are overrated . This is not one of those things . 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 11/12/10 . you were loved and you will be missed . goodbye baby :( 
Yo estoy Pi Kappa Phi !!!!!!!!!!!! 
warm pie = delicious . hot pie = painful . be warned . 
FREE < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!! 
is ready for break to be over 
and ... assassins creed 
If there wasn't such a huge downside to doing something this stupid , it wouldn't be worth doing . 
is considering blocking everyone who posts that stupid number game . Just a thought . 
On a long enough timeline , the survival rate for everyone drops to zero . 
Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth ; whenever it is a damp , drizzly November in my soul ; whenever I find myself bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet ; and especially whenever my life gets such an upper hand of me , that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street ... Then , I account it high time to get on the river as soon as possible . 
time for a napskie 
jut lettin everyone know , just because people have given up posting statuses on how gay the number game is , doesn't make it any less gay . that is all 
Diamonds ... she'll pretty much have to . 
Proud of how far we've come , excited to see how far we're going . \ 
Happy 106th Birthday Pi Kappa Phi !!! 
no matter what , I'll find my place in the world 
my addiction to skins may have just fried the processor on my laptop :( 
any relationship that begins with an ad on a bathroom stall is one that is bound to fail . 
parents are the bones on which children sharpen their teeth . 
NETFLIX !!!!!! 
I can go jump off a bridge ... should we make bridges illegal ? let's just nerf the fuckin ' world . 
is stuck at home . \ 
by his self . \ 
and thinks it sucks . 
so ... seeing as nearly everyone i know is on facebook ... \ 
i'm guessing break is just as boring for you as it is for me . 
I don't want you to adore me , I want you to ignore me . 
This break is killing me . This place that I once knew feels dead to me . I don't know anyone here anymore . 
If you ask me , a cross that size is for a lord with a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
tired of stepping around people's toes . \ 
time to start stomping 
Its like ... hazy days . 
You may be an adult , but you still have a great deal of growing to do . 
is inlove with < PROPFEMALE > Spangler¤ 
is in love with < PROPFEMALE > Spangler . She is the best person I have ever met and I just think the whole world needs to know how awesome she is . I love my < PROPFEMALE > sigma < PROPFEMALE > girls :) 
thinks that the next person who changes his status won't enjoy what happens 
It's february man !! 
