My hunger for success is fueled by my passion ! 

21st Birthday in 12 day ! 
River anyone ? Aug 20-23 
IT'S HOT !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Taking lil bro to a friends ! 
My room is freaking hot !!! 
Bored !!! 
What should I do ? 
Filling out this Questionnaire for National Security Positions is such a bitch ! 
21 tomorrow !!!!!!!!!! 
Bored :-( 
Going over the ASVAB ! 
Keeping his fingers crossed ! 
Feels like crying : ' -( 
What a day ! 
HAS SCHOOL ALL DAY TOMORROW ! 
FRRRRRRRRRRRRUSTRATED !!! 
Had a wonderful day with his family ! :-) 
Well look at all those fancy clothes But these could keep us warm Just like those . And what about your soul Is it cold Is it straight from the mould And ready to be sold . And cars and phones and < PROPFEMALE > rings Bling , bling Those are only removable things And what about your mind Does it shine or Are there things that concern you more Than your time 
Restarting Fire Safety Power Point since it was lost when his hard drive had a mechanical failure !!! UGH !!! F#*K 
GETTING RID OF FARMVILLE ! 
Updating my iPhone is a bitch !!! 
At work w/ massive headache , runny nose , cough !!! Feel like shit !!! 
I love those who can smile in trouble , who can gather strength from distress , and grow brave by reflection . ' Tis the business of little minds to shrink , but they whose heart is firm , and whose conscience approves their conduct , will pursue their principles unto death . < PROPMALE > da Vinci 
Can't wait for the day to be over ! 
Can't wait to work !!! 
PUT MY PHONE THROUGH THE WASH , SO COMMUNICATION WITH ME WILL BE SUPER SLOW !!! PLEASE DO NOT TEXT ME , EITHER E-MAIL OR CALL ME !!! 
FML , FML , FML , FML 
Half a truth is often a great lie - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
A lie does not consist in the indirect position of words , but in the < PROPFEMALE > and intention , by false speaking , to deceive and injure your neighbour . - < PROPMALE > Swift 
Keep a watch also on the faults of the patients , which often make them lie about the taking of things prescribed . Hippocrates 
If it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck its a goddamn duck !!! 
We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves . < PROPFIRST > Hoffer 
I can't judge any of you . I have no malice against you and no ribbons for you . But I think that it is high time that you all start looking at yourselves , and judging the lie that you live in . < PROPFIRST > Manson 
A single lie destroys a whole reputation of integrity . Baltasar Gracian 
Eyes lie if you ever look into them for the character of the person . < PROPFIRST > Wonder 
Just because we are human and it is in our nature to be imperfect . We should try sticking to the following virtues Self-discipline , compassion , responsibility , friendship , work , courage , perseverance , honesty , loyalty , faith . 
About to take a NAP at work ! Now let's try not to disturb it with any calls or texts !!! 
It's cold this morning brrrrrrrrrrrr ! 
Finally off work , just to be back on again at 8am ! 
First say to yourself what you would be ; and then do what you have to do . - Epictetus 
Needs to find someone to cover his shift tomorrow !!! Anyone interested 1203/1101 B its the 24 hour CCT shift 
Cluster fuck going on here at work !!! Good times !!! 
HUNGRY !!! 
I think the time has come to be strong and realize who I am and be proud of it ;) Never been happier with myself , my great family and friends . 
Living the shitty life ! 
What else could possibly go wrong with my life ! 
“Love knows no limit to its endurance , no end to its trust , no fading of its hope ; it can outlast anything . Love still stands when all else has fallen . ” 
Deficiency motivation doesn't work . It will lead to a life-long pursuit of try to fix me . Learn to appreciate what you have and where and who you are . - < PROPMALE > Dyer 
Watching Horton Hears A Who ! 
Mea < PROPFEMALE > culpa Kyrie elision < PROPFEMALE > elision 
I want to run and not stop until I get to where I'm going where ever that may be !!! LOL 
22 and wasted !!!! 
Starts work tomorrow !!! 
A job interview via web cam scarry !!! 
Anybody want to buy and long board and an O'Neill Psycho-1 Zen Zip 4/3 medium full body wetsuit ? 
Dinner time !!!! 
Sick of paperwork and the US Office of Personnel Management !!! 
Jeesh I get home and I have 40 text messages waiting for me . Take it easy people ! Anyways I hope nobody expects me to read all those ! LOL :-) 
Is wondering why his Tweets won't sync with his facebook < PROPFEMALE > ! Lame !!! 
What to do next ??? 
Finally made it to Kuwait safely and all settled in . 
Just posted pics of my apartment :-) 
UGH What a day ! Spent six hours on Camp Arifjan to get badged it's like going to the DMV but ten times worse ! 
Sorry for everyone who has been messaging me on facebook and I do not respond , it is because I am logged on form an external application and I do not sign off from it . Hours over here are different as I am a day ahead so when I'm sleeping you're all awake and working . 
Getting ready for work in the AM then off to bed . What a long day !!! 
Just got back from chow now it's time for a nap , then PT !!!! 
Is super sore from yesterdays PT and then had more PT at 6am this morning . 
Inflating the pain rating score diminishes the credibility of everything else you tell us . 
Nap then Muay Thai at 1500 !!! 
\What is tolerance ? It is the consequence of humanity . We are all formed of frailty and error ; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly - that is the first law of nature . \ " - Voltaire " 
Working at Khabari Crossing for the next 48 hours !!! 48 hours of doing absolutely nothing , no DFAC , no PX , no gym , nothing but a road and a vast amount of desert . 
Listening to one of my favorite bands Breaking < PROPMALE > !!! 
Another boring day at Khabari Crossing . With limited a limited food supply !!! Whoo hooo !!! 
This sucks ride home is stuck behind a convoy AGAIN won't be getting home till 1100 !!! Even though there is a freaking desert all around you can drive through !!! 
Ran the 5k this morning on Camp Buehring in 30 < PROPFEMALE > !!! There is one every Wed !!! Next Wed is a t-shirt run for Thanksgiving who's running with me ? 
Starting 6 straight days of work !!! My awesome Thanksgiving Dinner just went out the door !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone back at home . It is currently 0107 Friday , Sept . 26 , 2010 here on Camp Buehring , Kuwait so my Thanksgiving is officially over . Enjoy your Thanksgiving Dinners . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone back at home . It is currently 0139 Friday , Sept . 26 , 2010 here on Camp Buehring , Kuwait so my Thanksgiving is officially over . Enjoy your Thanksgiving Dinners . 
BORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRED AT K-XING !!! 
I love how fireworks shoot out of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s boobies in her music video \Fireworks\ " !!! What a woman !!! LMAO !!! " 
The greatest ignorance is to reject something you know nothing about . 
Where ignorance is our master there is not possibility of real peace ! 
Volunteering at the USO 
On 3 hours of sleep I woke up today and ran the 5k celebrating the National Guards birthday and I ran it in 28 < PROPFEMALE > !!! I'm glad it was early cause we have been hit by a < PROPMALE > dust storm ! Pics to follow later !!! 
Woke up this morning to water pouring onto my head and I still can't find the source !!! 
How depressing I'll be at K Xing for Christmas ! Kinda makes me sad !!! 
The Marines have officially taken over the USO and Camp Buehring ! 
The ship is sinking with passenger and crew !!! Everyone is throwing each other over board racing for a life boat and there isn't enough life boats to fit everyone !!! 
Nap time in the USO theater !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas from K Xing , Kuwait ! 
Ha ha I wake up from my nap to find the living quarters at the station have been entirely rearranged ! 
En route Camp Buehring !!! 
Back at K Xing after some spending some time at Camp Buehring enjoying some Christmas festivities at the USO ! 
Has to go to the bathroom but doesn't want to have to get out of bed , put my pants and boots on to walk outside to the port-o-john !!! It's not only cold but that's a lot of work to do just to use the restroom !!! Hopefully I don't wet the bed !!! ha ha 
If my cell phone rings or goes off one more time on my day off I'm throwing it out the window !!! 
I get to go to Dubai next month on the companies dime !!! Whoo Hooo !!! Who's joining me for an overnight stay !!! 
It's 0600 ) in Kuwait and I'm headed to work !!! 
WHAT A FREAKING CRAZY DAY AND IT'S JUST ABOUT TO GET EVEN MORE CRAZY !!! 
Just had a St Pauli's Near Beer !!! 
Finally internet is back up and running !!! \ 
\ 
TODAY'S WEATHER FOR CAMP BUEHRING KUWAIT\ 
RAIN !!! 16 Celsius/61 Fahrenheit\ 
ITINERARY :\ 
Working overtime !!! \ 
0800 - Morning Brief\ 
0830 - Truck Check Out\ 
1200 - Chow\ 
TBA - MASCAL training ( Under simulated high stress environment ) \ 
2000 - USO\ 
2100 - Chow\ 
2200 - USO celebrate New Years !!! \ 
0100 - Lights Out !!! 
“I've heard that it's possible to grow up - I've just never met anyone who's actually done it . Without parents to defy , we break the rules we make for ourselves . We throw tantrums when things don't go our way , we whisper secrets with our best friends in the dark , we look for comfort where we can find it , and we hope - against all logic , against all experience . Like children , we never give up hope ... ” 
At 112 + hours this week working overtime !!! Can't wait to go back to the city and relax in my apartment . 
Internet sucks today !!! 
It's booked !! My short trip to Dubai !!! Hotel room with an ocean view and overlooking those islands that look like Palm Trees woo hoo !!! 
