needs a new job , lemmie know if you know anyone hiring . 

is moving to Utah 
had successfully rotated his sleep schedual back to normal . Woke up at 9 AM today , instead of 4:30 am the night before , and Midnight the night before that . . . . . 
is Chillin in the Boat . Ring me up if your here . 
Had another dream where Big < PROPFIRST > was still alive . That motherfucker pranked me TWICE in my dreams about being dead . Props to you Big guy . Wherever you are . 
ran over a chipmunk 
Hates drivers who speed up during the passing < PROPFIRST > and then slow way the hell down when its over . 
needs a new Go-To house for when he gets bored 
Poops and Pens and an Aphrodesiac Lens 
Snips and Snails and a Tail that Wails on Tuesday 
is playing Borderlands , which is in his top 3 favorite games of all time . Check it out 
had to put away the Pirate Pimp costume . . . . until next year . . . . 
took ten strokes off his golf game this summer . 
feels that with his new pirate picture , he should change his facebook language to pirate talk . 
be workin installin some scurvy satelite dishes 
Cant even beat the fucking computer in Fifa anymore 
pretty much had the worst day hes had in a long while . 
Saw a dog sled team pulling a non-running truck down the road today . . . 
is definitely ready for some socialness . Hurry up and open Steamboat Mountain . 
Rule #1 in Zombieland . Cardio . The fat people are the first to go . 
First day back snowboarding . Awesome and painful at the same time . 
Has a new picture , and is therefor done with Pirate Facebook . . . . . for now . . . . 
is getting sick . no Bueno . . . . Other than that things are going great . 
' s Stuffy nose and slight cough with congestion has turned into a slight runny nose , with slight nausea and a mild headache 
is definitely going to have a good christmas 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS MUCHACHOS ! I Gots the Frankensense ! 
is in need of a 3d Imax theatre with Avatar . . . . 
Got his mom some flowers and a card for her birthday , arn't i a good son ? 
just saw Avatar . for the thiiiiiiird tiiime . 
There are , in fact , no bases on Iceworld 
Gots his Wool socks and is ready to go in teh snow . 
Just got new internet at the new place and is back in action . 
accidently scratched his pupil with his finger while taking out his contact last night . . . . 
just beat his first korean in starcraft , lol . 
Thinks if youtube is going to have HD videos , then they should atleast let you stream them without freaking interrupting . 
just got his mind blown by Bloom Energy . 
seems to have lost a lense to his glasses while sleepimg . . . . 
Needs a new roomate in May . sweet place , 600 a month utilities included in Steamboat . LEmmie know if your interested 
Saw 3 k-state shirts and only 2 jayhawk shirts on the mountain . what a sad day , but atleast its national < PROPFEMALE > drunk day ! 
Happy St. Pats and a < PROPFEMALE > Drunkeness to all ! 
Needs a Starcraft 2 Beta key . . . now . 
2 days straight on the mountain and now im just gonna relax 
Why Was i so blind ? 
Powda Bunga Dudes ! 
jumped off a rock < PROPMALE > today and hit his head with his detached ski . . . 
Just installed his new Geforce 9800 . and is NOT unsatisfied 
* sigh * GREAT night , HORRIBLE morning . 
Thats just the way we get by 
is goin to utah for the weekend 
What to do today . . . . what to do today . . . . 
seriously , it feels like its been snowing for a week . lets get with summer yo ! 
Lets hook it up with some Starcraft 2 Games ! 
Needs ideas for an Adventure 
Goin to < PROPMALE > for the day 
Dear Blizzard , Before making a patch , please make sure it works and wont crash your servers . Thats is all . 
* sigh * Well now ive got 6 seasons of LOST to rewatch . . . . 
Starcraft 2 Beta , nooooooooo why do you leave me ! haha 
Installed his first Hughnes Internet Satelite dish today 
Xbox Kinect . you have me sold . My Future $150 dollars is yours . 
* sigh * Tru Blood Season 2 Blu < PROPFIRST > . Why must you steal my night of sleep ? 
Starcraft 2 . Come back ! 
Cooking some salmon and rice and watching Starcraft 2 videos O.o 
gooooin to alaskaaaa 
Back from Alaska , just waitin to get back to the Boat . 
Needs a 1 in his life . 
wants to go home . 
Starcraft 2 Launch day ! 
just saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > 
is off to work 
This is a Sad , Sad Day . 
cant figure out why facebook works on his roomates computer but not his .. . . 
Woot . facebook works again 
shmoke and a pancake ? 
4 pm wake up call . 
First Party at Buff Pass . Went pretty well . Except for the fact that i slept until 8 p.m. when i got home . . . 
Rolling some Bowling Balls . 
Hates Thor Repair >.< 
Gained 200 points on the Sc2 Ladder today . 
Finals of the GSL tonight . Cant wait 
Bored with a hint of restlessness 
< PROPMALE > for the day . Starcraft will have to wait >.< 
Man , i need to get to work and stop being lazy >.< 
Hey guys i know its moving season in Steamboat . If your looking to get some Direct TV or Dish network let us know ! Visit our facebook < PROPFEMALE > Net Results of Steamboat Springs and give us a call ! 
Blizzcooooooon 
Anybody in Steamboat need Dish or Direct TV ? Lemmie know plz ^^ 
Just dreamed about the Zombie Apocalypse . Oh , and i could fly . 
Can it be January already ? 
Has the keys to his new place . WHEW cuttin it close , movin in tomorrow , lol . 
Halloween night and im cleaning >.< who makes you move out the day after halloween ? damnit . lol . 
Wow . Way to go < PROPFIRST > , Good job putting 15 times as much dish soap as you needed in the dishwasher and flooding our apartment with soapy water an hour and a half before move out inspection . . . . . good job . 
Thank you Final Fantasy XIII for keeping me company while i was without internet . 
First Mcflurry in Years . They didnt have Reeces , but this oreo is still pretty dank 
kinda scared of the 4 gate blink stalker now >.< stupid MLG < PROPFIRST > , lol 
Utah's great and all , but im pretty sure im ready to go back to Colorado . Anyone wanna drive me ? 
Finally . home . Thanks god 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim Vs . The World . 5/5 definitely solid for anyone with a videogame background and even for those who dont :) 
Seriously ? the whole inside of my car windshield is icy ? Damnit winter ! 
going up to the parents house for a late turkey dinner :P 
Ice is slippery when your running . OW >.< 
First day up on the mountain and i almost lose my ipod in the trees >.< thank god i found it the second run down . 
Ho Yeaaaaah ! got my blinker fixed ! F You cops ! cant pull me over now ! 
Rockin Day at the mountain . Gotta get that switchfoot yo ! 
FML . Another headset down the drain . this one lasted like , a month . 
my glasses are broken . idk wtf im going to do . Work at 7 am . Need superglue Stat . 
Locked my keys in my car at work >.< 
Yo i got that Marauder keyboard yo ! its sick ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
People REALLY need to learn how to drive in snow . Silly Gaypers . Use the bus . 
i REALLY hate the light at the wells fargo . why the FURK is there a 1 mile line of cars with a 30 second green light timer ? Fucking stupid . 
Somehow got home without finding any stupid tourist drivers . healthy change . 
Laddering is exhausting >.< 
Dear Internet . Why must you set out to ruin my life ? Plz let me know down in the comment section below . . . 
This flu should go away . I dont like you . You make me sick . 
No puking today , but i still feel like crap . This flu needs to go away now . 
Feeling better today , i think my fever finally broke :) 
Shwip Shwap Baloop is Back 
Sooooo much snoooooooooooow . 
Grabbing some Monsters in preparation for the day off . Lets go Practice SC2 
