neh :/ 

is cleaning , and then its back to heritage days ! 
phone's dead ): 
is excited for < PROPFEMALE > tuesdays ' salad bar . 
is so freaking sore ): 
hates when people don't keep plans . - 
ew . sick . ): 
is so seeing < PROPMALE > potter again :) 
cut her hair . alot . 
its only one band day away ! < PROPFEMALE > hozzah to that ? haha :) 
to the ymca I go :/ 
feels an fml coming on . 
back to hell . 
canteloupe and cracked pepper = love . 
ahh , there is no better way to spend a night than laughing with friends 
is really excited for tonight :) 
got stung by yet another < PROPFEMALE > ): 
is crazy tired . oops :) 
is extremely happy this morning . :) 
ahhh :) 
is so shaken . 
damnit school . you're harshing my mellow . 
ouch . 
is thinking she might just disappear for a while . hm . 
is in crazy amounts of pain . 
its funny how you said you do care . but even funnier is that now I couldn't care less if you do or not :) 
girls night . its s'mores time :) 
is thinking that the only solution is for her to move out of her house . 
correction . FEELING the rain . :) 
just realized there is nothing at her house to make lunch with :S 
feels like the biggest bitch on earth now . 
woke up and thought she heard chicks peeping , turns out it was the fire alarm . oopsies . 
birthdayy :) 
just spent the past three hours cooking , rather than doing homework . on the plus side , I now have 3 different pumpkin related food products .. 
is living it up this weekend . :) 
is in fact quite excited for a busy day :) 
is dead tired , but has a good 4 hours of homework left . damnit . 
is still awake , and is schedualed to get up in exactly 4 hours 
is in a weird mood . but thats to be expected when you just washed your face with shaving cream , after swallowing a semi-toxic substance and hopping in the flood water . 
eep . piano recital 
is stalling so she doesn't have to study tonight ... weeee . 
just realized that that sell muscle milk in bulk . life is good . 
does anyone know the world cultures homework ? 
feels incredibly ill ... dangit 
gots her hair did :) 
had pretty much an insane amount of fun :) 
does anyone have the world cultures essay question ? 
loves everything about today . (: 
is so pumped for the weekend :) 
christines all night . fun all day :) 
is going hiking :) 
there really is nothing better than vanilla shortbread candles . 
is kinda over it . correction . IS over it . 
woke up an hour early ... thanks phone alarm . love you too . 
is seeing to kill a mockingbird tonight . :) 
omg ! the circles thing works :O 
is now starting her homework . aw shit . 
needs to get off facebook and start her work ... or not :) 
is going to the y with grace < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
PARTY PARTY PARTY PARTY :) 
\that floor is slippery \"" 
hates waiting for bread to rise . bahhh . 
was about a centimeter away from totally severing her right pointer finger . HOLY SHIT . 
is oot and aboot with her papa :) 
is out of town all day :) 
is going to gaurd . :) 
feels sad . 
board of ed = fail . 
got a new phone . and now has 0 unread messages in her inbox , versus the 1,572 there were before . oops ! 
bomb threats are kinda dumb , but I like coming home early . 
just spent 4 hours decorating .. by herself . yay family ? 
ow , ow , ow . 
day 2 of painting apocalypse . literally . 
mmm . sleep deprivation . 
and thus begins the mass job hunt . ahhhhh jeeze . 
ahhhh panic panic panic . 
ugh . x 2 . 
\this might be weird for me to say . but I want you to be happy . can't believe I said it either . \ " -dad " 
is bike riding with the bff . (: 
is running errands . again , again . 
just got in a \good . \ " \ " fine . \ " \ " OKAY . \ " \ " FANTASTIC . \ " etc . fight with her father . win . " 
just wrote a 5 < PROPFEMALE > english paper only to realize it was about brainwashing , death , and the apocalypse , rather than the positive impact it had on my life ( original topic ) 
needs help with an iPod . please ? 
lost her voice , and now sounds like a cat going through a meat grinder . 
step one . puke . step two . tell father . step three . go to school ? 
is off to the doctors . mer . 
day two of the quarantine , really miss social interaction . 
almost totally no homework . perhaps painting is in order ... 
is going on a painting rampage . this is going to be amazing . 
dear snow , you can stop anytime now . 
day two of the 6 foot jellyfish . 
is going to sheetz . and now misses all her friends who would be accompanying me . ): 
is about to go shovel walks for money . the perks of a snow storm . 
niagra , niagra is a wonderful movie . 
is off to the library , and perhaps a cup of coffee at marks . 
went vegan starting today (: 
does not understand this algebra homework . dear mikula , tomorow you should teach something relevant . 
finally found cryptorchid chipmunks music . today is a win . I dont even care . WIN . 
is going to the ER . Timpani : 1 Hannah : 0 
is attempting to fix everything , boo people . 
is off to ocean city . (: 
is now starting her homework (: 
hozzah for p90x (: 
is off to frostburg to see < PROPFEMALE>'s painting in the < PROPMALE > show , then going to < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland . win . win . win . 
mmmm . not feelin it . 
soy yogurt is love . 
calm like a bomb . 
is pretty much determined to make today amazing . begining with mud sliding (: 
is going to make herself feel better , gingers , gabes , and running . here I come . 
experienced a plethora of people being randomly cruel today . how strange . 
Dear Vegan Miso Soup , you are amazing . Love and gratitude , < PROPFEMALE > . 
found 20 dollars in her shoe . hmmmm . 
bye bye old hair (: 
was forced to turn her texting back on . askfhaslkjf . 
So I opened the windows in my room to let the fresh air in , came back 2 hours later , and now there's a bird flying around my bedroom . oh poo . 
burning < PROPFEMALE > killed my throat . bahh . 
Allegany YDA meeting in mikulas room tomorow after school , please come ( and bring 5 dollar dues if possible ) . (: 
ow . just ow . 
mmm . I'm done . 
full length tye-dye dress ? I think so . doing homework ? I think not . 
cycling and yoga . I missed my regular schedule . thanks APES , really . 
well that was a fail on my part . 
hands up , yoga in the morning then to brass camp . awesome . 
gym with < PROPFEMALE > , then to a cook out :) 
cantaloupe and cracked black pepper is love . 
CRAPPPPPPP . 
it's nice having a dental tool not stuck in my esophogus anymore . heading to busch gardens and the great smokey mountains with < PROPFEMALE > (: 
mmmm , civilization . 
cycling and yoga . (: 
can everyone in alco YDA message me ? we gots some stuff to do this summer . (: 
feels glazed over . oh the joy . mad joy . 
yoga and chillin with chelmar . 
car wash today , everyone should come out and support (: 11-3 at cici's in lavale . 
sun : 1 hannah : 0 
just not feelin ' it today . 
oodles of things to do . lets go summer . 
heading to morgantown . 
apparently my computer has a bajillion viruses , and I have no virus protection software ... help ? 
should start packing , considering I leave in 15 hours . 
and out come the wolves . 
where are all of my shoes . fml . 
should sleep , gotta sleep , cant sleep . aksjfhsad . 
is down for the count . Thank god for VHS tapes . 
was just laughed and pointed at by neighbors for dancing around her house . damn you open blinds . 
sooo tired . dearest band , why cant you have a snooze button ? 
sleep time . 
school school school . oh crap . wheres my blue pens ?! 
Hey Allegany Highschool Young Democrats (: meeting thursday . comment if youre interested in joining , are a member , or are coming to the meeting . thanks kids ! 
your light is ultraviolet . 
cup of coffee number 4 , maybe I can stay awake today ? 
sounds like someone has replaced her voicebox with a meatgrinder . 
you dont know how lovely you are . 
feels a < PROPMALE > bit down . maybe a documentary and a cup of tea will help . 
Allegany Highschool Democrats : Meeting Thursday at 1 pm at El Canelo , the downtown one . Let me know if youre coming (: 
loves rain runs (: . even though my road is now a river . 
rest in peace mom . Always missed , never forgotten . 
Is excited for her birthday tomorrow :) 
morning runs are love . just saying . 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes , really (: 
Thank you everyone who came today , it was quite fun . (: 
is going to baltimore , and then is off to Mechanicsburg . this should be fun . (: 
has had the best weekend ever , and there's still two more days . all I do is win . jus ' sayin . 
since when did I own anything pink , let alone wear it ....? 
I missed being me . let's goooooo . 
GLOPPY . 
vegan pumpkin muffins . mmmm . hells yes ? 
loves super sketch nights . hoo rah bonfires , hoo rah . 
you're going to catch a cold from the ice inside your soul . 
has begun preparing her < PROPMALE > malfoy costume . I feel a win coming on ? 
dear Superfood bars , I was incredibly excited to recieve you in the mail yesterday , but I must say , I don't care if you give me every nutrient I need to live . You taste like mulch and orange peels , I think I'll stick to my old vegan ways . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
my dad just fell through our dining room table . yet I'm the one who screamed . 
anyone interested in joining the relay for life team I mentioned startin earlier , drop me something here or tell me in school . thanksss ! (: 
is gettin her < PROPMALE > on . I feel like a bamf . 
hates dreams that make you remember things . whats up subconscious ? now's not the time . 
i'm not your ghost anymore . 
oh < PROPMALE > and garfunkel , you do complete me . 
feel's like she's consecutively being hit with trucks . let's go law and order for the fourth day straight . 
dearest life , let up soon ? I appreciate it , because it's hard to think with you breathing down my neck . 
so much baking , holyyyy poop . 
is very much considering just staying in bed for a week . 
is extremely pleased with this year's downsized christmas . breakfast with my family and watching super lame movies beats billions of gifts any day . 
i likes the making of biscotti . except when I catch on fire . 
curling up with my tee tee , < PROPFIRST > , and a nice psycho-political horror film . 
shakespeare in love , is love . 
ah , lordy . 
on to the next one . (: 
just cut off the tip of my thumb while chopping kale . mmmm . yummy . 
new oxfords , and I finally have pants . it's gonna be a good day . 
movies about anesthesia awareness are legitimately terrifying . 
gtl . 
apparently weekend number 2 of father daughter bonding . 
is hitting the gym with her sister . i love late night workouts . 
I FOUND MY WALLET . 
movie night :) 
oh yeah , got my permit . too bad we had a blizzard , and I can't use it . 
is going outside to shovel , for the 2nd time . 
out to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Zachritz :) 
pregame . 
if anyone gets weird messages from my phone , I'm sorry . I think someone is using false number software or something . ' cause I'm not sending them . 
wait , it's sunday ? effff . where'd the weekend go ? 
spoiled tofu = -food poisoning . 
misses the outside . 
is making whole wheat bread , and watching lame lifetime shows . yet for some reason , it feels like a < PROPMALE > win . 
is off to < PROPFEMALE>'s house :) 
mmmm home made apple chips . (: 
is officially starting a muffin business . hells yes . :) 
is honestly fed up with everything . 
yeahhhh basically I just hate people . and < PROPFEMALE > essays , mostly people though . 
if you want to participate in the Relay for Life this year , join the Allegany Highschool Relay for Life Team please ! :) 
is having breakfast with her sister at Marks :) 
