wow ... really ? 

just curious ... 
counting down ... 35 minutes until there's peace and quiet . ready for bed , tired of thinking . :( 
ok , i've had quite enough of facebook ... don't worry i'll be back tomorrow :) 
i slept like shit last night , i was either too hot or too cold , and for some reason , i just kept thinking . hopefully today is better than yesterday ... 
Good news !! the house is finally picked up and < PROPMALE > is going to have a nap , finally ! then i can do the cleaning that he \helps\ " way too good with ... :) " 
well , i've had a few beers and i'm ready to see facebook tomorrow !! 
man it is soooo hot outside .... 
really hates doing laundry , and with 2 little ones , the laundry never seems to end .... ugh !! 
... i'm pretty sure that this really sucks !! 
well , it's a new day , let's see what it has in store for me .... 
i think i'm finally getting a new car ... gotta love those explorers !!! 
... because i'm pretty sure that if something else went wrong today , i wouldn't be surprised !! 
well , its a new day and hopefully there is something new , not more of the same !! 
looking forward to tomorrow ... some big things could be happening !! 
hopefully there is good news today ... keep your fingers crossed !! 
... it is what it is , it isn't what it isn't , so don't make it something that it's not ... 
... loving the new place ... loving my little babies ... so excited for my new job !! 
well today is a lazy Saturday ... don't really want to do anything and there is so much to do ! Where is the motivation cause this coffee isn't working ?!? 
well , i'm feeling pretty good about today ... got a lot of important stuff done !! 
I've been cleaning ALL morning !! Seems like every time I turn around there is something else to put away !!! Gotta love these kids , they're too cute ... 
is ready for bed !!! 
still tired ... 
both kids are getting shots today !! anyone else want to take them ?? it's so sad ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is 16 ponds 7 ounces and 26 1/2 inches long !!! < PROPMALE > is 27 pounds 9 ounces and 36 inches !! Huge kids i tell you ... 
why is it so hot ?? makes me lazy ... 
went to bed early , got up late , and had a great cup of coffee !! ready to take on the day ... 
just got a hair cut !! like it ?? 
Football !! Football !! Football !! 
just went for a walk .... < PROPMALE > loved it , < PROPFEMALE > fell asleep and now i'm hot !! 
it's really hot !! 
i hate doing laundry , but i hate dirty laundry more !! 
wow ... i think it's going to be a good night ! 
isn't supposed to be fall ??? why is it still hot ? 
football , swimming and then a bbq .... what a day , these kids better have a good nap before we go !! 
wow ... 
i'm so lucky .... < PROPMALE > slept until 10 this morning !!! 
so the painters are painting my building ... i'm trapped !! 
it's finally cooling off !! time to shop for those winter clothes , can't wait ... 
football and food ... what a great combo !! 
well , 3 cups of coffee in and my house is spotless !! 
quiet time !! 
have i ever told anyone that i have the most adoreable kids ever ???? 
what a day ... 
just had a blast at the park with the kids ... now it's naptime !!! 
i love the rain , hate the wind , but where is the mail ?? 
long day .... ready for a beer !! 
just spent like the last 10 minutes dancing with < PROPMALE > ... so much fun !! 
laundry , laundry laundry ... does it ever end ?? 
way too many errands today !!! i'll need more coffee for today .... 
I do NOT want to go to work today !!! Wanna stay home , watch football and play with my little ones ... 
i am sooo tired !! ready for bed . worked way too much today , gotta get ready for tomorrow !! 
i wonder what today is going to have for me ???? 
i just can't believe some people !!! 
im tired ... 
it's going to be a good day , i can tell !! 
really ?? can't wait ... 
< PROPMALE > has a runny nose :[ feel so bad , i'm about to rub his nose raw ... it's my brother's birthday and we can't celebrate . 
well ... today is going to be really uneventful . just boring laundry and cleaning . when does it end ?? 
does not want to go to work ... love these little babies too much !! 
well it could be a good day , right ?? 
is so excited for trick or treating 
long day ... 
i'm just really sick of wondering ... it's really not fair !! 
i feel like i always have laundry to do ! why can't it ever go away ?? i'd like to be < PROPMALE > and instead of washing clothes , i'll just go buy new ones ! in the meantime , tide is my best friend ... 
well , it seems like a lazy day today ... 
well , i can say that some people just don't really take care of their kids .... i just don't understand !! 
Wow ... i can't believe today is already over !! Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and the Mighty Muffins !! Great game girls .... 
it's such a beautiful day !! 
i stayed up way too late last night . the coffee isn't working !! 
can someone please tell my why < PROPMALE > JUST went to bed ?? 
is on the job hunt !! seriously ... time for a change , i can't live like this anymore . i need more $$ !! 
just hanging out at home with the kids ... 
brrrrrr ... it's really cold outside !! 
the house is clean , the dishes are done , the kids are sleeping ... what the heck am i supposed to do ?? 
like i've said before , it is what it is , it isn't what it isn't , so i'm not going to try to make it something it's not ... 
is just hanging out , enjoying a beer ... 
omgsh , just finally found a pacifier .... you know about 3 seconds ago i woulda given my right arm for one ?!?!?!?!? 
well , what can today possibly have in store for me ?? 
ok , < PROPFEMALE > has an ear infection ..... so darn sad !! 
i'm thinking way too much , especially when the answer is so easy ..... 
is exhausted !!! 
just got off work , and now i don't want to do anything !!! the kids are asleep and the house looks like a tornado just came thru ... decisions , decisions , decisions . 
the kids are asleep and the whole house is so clean . it's really nice to have such a great schedule . it's actually really nice to be able to have a schedule . i am so thankful for the good stuff in my life ... 
well , to put it plainly , i'm bored ... 
well , i'm thinking that it's getting pretty close to my bedtime !! so ready for a new day ... 
< PROPMALE > and his friend , < PROPFEMALE > are having a nap right now , < PROPFEMALE > is in < PROPFEMALE>'s crib and < PROPMALE > is in his ... dude I wish I had a hidden camera to see what's really going on in there . Do you think that they'll actually go to sleep ? ( i think i'm dreaming !! ) 
enjoying too many beers with my lovey .... 
just got off work and both the kids are already asleep :( didn't get to say goodnight . 
just got my brother in trouble ... didn't mean to , just wanted to smoke a cigarette with him . prego people really are crazy !! 
just got off work ! worked all dang day long ! so exhausted . now it's time to make dinner . 
just hanging out at home , relaxing . had a long day at work today . not ready for tomorrow , < PROPFEMALE > is getting her 6 month shots . ( hurts me more , right ? :( that's what my mom tells me to make me feel better ) 
< PROPFEMALE > is 19 ponds 2 ounces and 27 1/2 inches long . She's a growing girl !! 
have i ever told anyone how much i love my kids ? ( even when < PROPMALE > figures out how to open a brand new box of cheerios and disperse them throughout the living room ) 
well , great start to another day ... gotta work tonigt , and i'm not looking forward to it ! 
got off work at 1015 and was pleasantly surprised when < PROPFEMALE > was still awake !! so lucky , she must've waited for her mommy ... 
just haning out doing the ' puter with < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Good start today , let's hope the day ends like that !! 
Happy Thanksgiving !! i'm thankful for my family , they give me exactly the support i need !! 
well , the day went smoother than i thought . i am soooo thankful for my mom , she is so great . i hope that i can be there for my kids the way she is there for me ! 
just got home from work ... thanks for everything mom !! 
well , the house is clean ... that's good ! :( 
had a pretty decent day today !! worked and got to play with the kids !!!! yay ! 
have so much stuff to take care of , and i just want to crawl back in bed !! where's the motivation ? 
Well , it's haircut time , and have a ton of running around to do . the kids and1 
interruption by < PROPMALE > ..... the kids and i will be busy all day long . where's the coffee ?? 
getting stuff done around here !! feels really good . 
brrrr ... it's so cold outside ! good day to relax and watch some football . hopefully i'll be motivated to clean a little bit :) p.s. i'm so excited to see my family this weekend ! it's going to be so much fun , can't wait !! 
where's the airborne ?? i think i might be getting sick !! gotta take care of myself so i can take care of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... keeping my fingers crossed . 
can someone please tell me why my keyboard is all sticky ?? oh yeah , my son is only a year and a half and has VERY important stuff to do on the computer ... man , i love my son !! 
i'm going to get my christmas tree today !! so excited ... now all i need are decorations ! 
brrr ... it's freakin ' cold outside !! i'm wearing 2 sweatshirts and it still doensn't seem like enough ! i'm so ready to see my family this weekend , we always have such a good time . 
The day is finally here !! feels like i've been waiting forever to see my family ! I can't wait to see everyone tonight ... the weekend is going to go by soooo fast . Soak it up while it lasts i guess . Happy Birthday Papa !! 
I just spent the last hour laying in bed with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... So much fun I didn't want to get up . I love my kids ... 
Just hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > !! so much fun . i love her to pieces , even when she tries to type stuff with me ... 
Somehow both of the kids are entertaining themselves !! this is great ... i wonder how long it's going to last :) 
i can't decide if i want to stay up and watch tv or if i should go to bed ... maybe i'll accidentally fall asleep with the tv on :) 
so both of the kids are already sleeping ... i know , i'm good . now the rest of the night is mine !! :) 
i had a few too many cups of coffe and i'm out if things to clean ... 
everyone is asleep and i think i'll join them .... 
the kids slept in a little bit today , probably because the were up almost all night for some reason or another . can someone direct me to the coffee ? 
arrrrgggghhh !!! i have to get ready for work and i don't wanna ... i feel like a little kid that doesn't want to go to school . man , i wanna stay home and play , play , play ! 
it was so bus at work tonight ... happy to be home !! so sad that both the kids are already asleep . can't believe how much i miss them ! 
i just decided that my 2 favorite beverages are coffee and beer . not together of course , but i love them both , equally as much , but for oh so different reasons !! 
just got home from the dr's . < PROPMALE > took his shots like a champ , but he's got another ear infection !!! it's so sad cause he shows no sign of pain , and i'm not a mind reader ... 
i'm happy that it's raining ... 
i have a feeling that it's going to be a good day ... it's beautiful outside and i'm already in a great mood . i'm beginning to wonder what's in this coffee :) 
the 4 of us were out looking at christmas lights ... < PROPMALE > was more interested in his < PROPMALE > taco cup and < PROPFEMALE > slept . go figure !! ( the lights they did see they liked though ) 
too bad so sad ..... 
i was going to say good morning but < PROPFEMALE > ( my senial neighbor ) just came over to have a chat ... save me !! 
work work work ..... 
is enjoying a chocolate milkshake ... been a while since i've had one . 
Well , < PROPMALE > decided to get up at 7 , something I wasn't quite ready for ... I have a feeling that it's going to be a long day !! 3 cups in and many more to go . 
what a beautiful day ... 
putting an end to my very < PROPFEMALE > christmas ... happy to finally be home and the kids are sleeping !! 
today was great ... my closet best friend came over to visit me and the kids were driving me CRAZY !! all with good intentions i think . i really like being a mom though , so rewarding ... especially when everything seems to be so chaotic . :) 
well , today has been quite interesting ... 
brrrrrrr it's cold outside . not worth it to go out for anything ... well maybe a million dollars :) 
i just took down my christmas tree . so ready to start the new year . i wonder if < PROPMALE > is going to notice that it's gone ? there is a big empty spot where it was ... spacious !! 
why is shopping so exhausting ?? 
< PROPMALE > had a way too late nap ... i would usually be looking forward to 8 , but not tonight , we have a good hour before he even thinks about sleeping !! 
Ready to enjoy my New Years at home ... Gotta pick up first !! 
had so much fun last night !! surprised i'm not hungover . going out for a \family\ " dinner . ready to eat !! :) " 
i need a good night's rest ... 
man ... i was surprisingly busy today . odd for a sunday , or any day for that matter . now my laundry is getting done and i have groceries , the kids are clean and so is the house . just sucks cause all those things are just a part of being a mom ... i like playing toys better !! 
i wonder about people sometimes , are their lives not fulfilling enough that they would have to go out of their way to make things uncomfortable for people that have absolutely no impact on their life ? there is no reason , except to be hurtful and mean ... 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and i are just hanging out playing toys ... so much fun ! 
well , it was a really long day out and about with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ... glad to be home with < PROPFIRST > relaxing . wonder what tomorrow has in store for me ... 
had a great dinner with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . i just want to know why i always make tacos when < PROPFEMALE > comes over !! 
Good morning !! I'm thinking that today is going to be a good day ... at least only one can hope :) 
man trying to get my kids to perform for a picture requires a lot of < PROPFEMALE > !! and i still didn't get the one i wanted ... 
black .... 
omgsh .... running errands this morning , cleaning this afternoon , and now i'm cooking . definately going to be an early night .. 
sooooo tired , had a really big day today , and now i'm off to bed ... 
wow , what a day of being lazy ... :) 
just another day ... i think it's going to be the same as any other . but somehow , < PROPMALE > remains to be unpredictable . :) 
dude ,, why am i so lazy ?? i don't want to do anything !! 
took < PROPFEMALE > out to run errands with me today .... some much needed mommy daughter time ... she looked so cute in her jeans and leopard < PROPFEMALE > shirt . too bad she won't let me do her hair !! 
ok , so it's time to make dinner ... is it bad that i would rather order a pizza than cook ? lazy , lazy , lazy !!! 
i want < PROPFEMALE > to start crawling already ... but then again , i'm not sure if i want to < PROPMALE > 2 little monsters around !! 
Be very careful if you make a woman cry , because God counts her tears . The woman came out of a man's rib , not from his feet to be walked on , not from his head to be superior , but from his side to be equal ! Under the arm to be protected , & next to the heart to be loved . 
just hanging out with my friend < PROPFEMALE > , having a few beers ... 
hello ..... 
shower time !! then off to run errands ... easy stuff , that's not so easy with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . we aren't leaving for like 2 hours but i've gotta start getting ready now if i want to make it . i never understood why my mom always got up so early , now i get it ! 
ok , i get it ... 
10 inches :( 
i wonder what today is going to have for me !! i've got a lot on my mind and not enough sleep ! where's the coffee ? 
football , laundry and cleaning !! what a day , what a day ... 
just found out today that i'm going to have a nephew !!! i'm finally going to be an auntie , yay ! 
i hate the wind !!! 
i really hate the wind and it doesn't seem to want to go away !! ready for another change in the weather ... 
i'm having a grand old time over here at < PROPFEMALE>'s ... miss having the internet . so soon i can't hardly wait !!!!! 
what a beautiful sunday .... 
had a great bbq with < PROPFEMALE > , miah , < PROPMALE > and the kids .... now getting ready to relax the rest of the night away . maybe a few more beers will do the trick !! 
wow ... i'm really tired of chasing something that will never be there ! where is the light at the end of my tunnel ? i've learned my lesson and this isn't funny anymore ... 
wow wow wow ... what else is new ?? 
here we go , on my way to a brand new life !! i just want to know why it has to be so hard ... 
just hanging out today , kinda feels good to have a day off from this chaos !!! 
to finally have some time to think is nice ... i'm beginning to realize that everything being upside down right now is better than always being backwards ... right ? 
( sigh ) 
had a long day today .... too bad i didn't have a babysitter to go out tonight ! 
long weekend ...... longer week ahead !! 
it's funny how i have a bunch of stuff to do , and i'm atually excited to start getting it done ! weird , usually it's like 3 in the afternoon before i have any energy to do anything !! 
what ever happened to traditional nap time ? 
feeling really bad cause i just ripped < PROPFEMALE>'s head off . good thing she just told me that i'm crazy and laughed at me ! that's when you know you have a real friend ... 
should go to bed now , my alarms don't have a snooze button ... they just keep yelling mama louder and louder !!! 
can my car just be ready today ?? i'm so ready to have a little freedom back ! not that i have anywhere to go , but i'm sure that i'll find somewhere !! LoL !!!!! 
feeling anxious , and i don't know why ... 
naptime is the greatest !! i love that i have a few minutes to myself to prepare for the afternoon ! 
ok , remember that natime thing ? yeah , not happening today . now i have 2 extra loads of laundry , and grumpy kids ! what's really going on here , and who's on this consipracy against me ? 
getting ready to take the kids out and enjoy the beautiful day !! 
( sigh ) why does < PROPMALE > insist on pushing < PROPFEMALE > over ? she is so innocent , and he just does it because i don't know why .... maybe he doesn't either ! 
playing wii bowling , having a few beers , and hanging out with quattro , < PROPFIRST > , and auntie < PROPFIRST > .... is my arm going to be tired tomorrow ?? LoL !! 
gotta get moving this morning , i'm already a half an hour behind schedule .... and why am i on facebook ?? lol ... 
i absolutely love it when things keep falling into place ! it's amazing how when you cut the crap outta your life things seem to work out ... why is that ? 
just hanging with my closet bf , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > wondering what happened to my 12 pack i bought last night ... i guess i'm a good sharer . 
just had lunch at Burger < PROPMALE > with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ... I think they all had a great time cause Gav and < PROPFEMALE > were so worn out that they went right to sleep ! 
I could very easily throw up right now . i ate way too much pizza !! had a great time though ! 
i love waking up refreshed , ready to start my day ..... 
Whenever God Closes One Door He Always Opens Another , Even Though Sometimes It's Hell in the Hallway 
i just cleaned up all the blocks and < PROPMALE > immediately brings me the bag and wants to dump them out and scatter them everywhere . then he just leaves them lone until i pick them up again ..... it's a vicious cycle and i'm tired of picking them up !! lol ... 
wow , i'm trying to figure out the best way to get rid of this hangover or operate with it !! i didn't even drink enough to feel this way .... so not fair !! 
gotta get on this packing thing , again ! i'm really over it and ready to be settled in already . It's closer than I think ... 
how come when you are in a hurry to get ready to go somewhere , you still have a few extra minutes to sit on facebook ?? this darn thing makes me late more than my kids do !! walk away from the computer !!! LoL ... 
had a fabulous night tonight ... gotta get some much needed rest for the big move tomorrow ! hopefully < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are getting good sleep cause if not , i should've gone to bed when they went to bed . 
wow ... having a great start to a day that hopefully turns out ok . it's the next step in the new llife . 
oh man oh man oh man !! so anxious ! 
omgsh , i'm online again !! back in action ! 
good morning !! i wonder what is going to happen today ? 
what's good ?? lol ... i'm going out tonight ! Thanks mon 
why is it that traveling even a short distance with 2 kids under 2 is soooooo exhausting ?? 
how come everything < PROPFEMALE > has , < PROPMALE > comes and takes ? even if he decided 2 seconds ago that he didn't want it ? LoL ... 
< PROPFEMALE > refuses to crawl , but somehow she can still scoot aound and get to where she wants to go , i have a feeling that when she is finally walking , i'm going to be in BIG trouble !! 
just ready to relax !! the kids are talking to eachother in their own baby language , and i wonder how long it will take for them to finally pass out ... 
when will the laundry stop ?? seems like i always have a ton of laundry to do ! 
why does my two year old test every ounce of < PROPFEMALE > i have ?? 
i have a feeling that it's going to be a slow , boring day today ... but at least almost all of my laundry is done , because it can never be all done ! p.s. i wonder how many times < PROPMALE > will want to watch the blues clues movie i just found , i'll be singing that damn song for a week ! LoL ... 
please can we have REAL nap today kids ? certianly doesn't sound like it .... 
ooops ! i went outside and brought the dog with me , then i forgot to let him back in ... so sorry < PROPFIRST > :( 
is officially tired ! 
why did < PROPMALE > just dump out the WHOLE box of kix all over the place ? 
is this a dream ? are the kids really having a nap without all the talking and playing first ? 
just ready to relax , don't see that coming anytime soon , but one can hope !! 
So , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? REALLY ?? Feel free to copy and paste if you agree ... 
< PROPMALE > must've had super sleep last night cause he has so much energy ... we are definitely going to the park today !! 
this is great ! a real nap that is lasting more than an hour !! how did i get so lucky ?? or am i just that good ? 
well , i had a great day of doing nothing ... nice for a change . tonight seemed to have an interesting twist , glad it's not my problem ... LoL !! 
i feel like i'm cleaning up after < PROPMALE > ALL the time ! when will it end ? 
dude , my ears are burning , does that mean someone is thinking about me or talking about me ? either way , i wish they would stop !! 
going to the gym , like my second time in my life .... i wonder how this is going to be :) 
Alright .... had a good time at the gym !! But , coming home < PROPMALE > threw my wallet , out the window , on the freeway . Great ! < PROPFEMALE > just cried the whole time ... Good news is that it took me only 5 minutes at the DMV , new record , right ? Grrrr ..... 
took < PROPFEMALE > to the doctor today , if hse doesn't have an ear infection , could somebody please tell me why she whines non stop ? 
can someone please tell me why it's snowing ? i thought it was almost may ... 
boring day today ... getting more laundry done though ! 
i think i'm going to end up in the funny farm .... 
so today was a pretty long day .... so ready for tomorrow !! 
was just remembering that on May 16 , both of my kids will be 1 . i think it's pretty cool !! 
it's naptime ! i have much more important things to do than sit on facebook , yet i am still here ... where is the motivation ? 
even though it is unfortunate that the kids were just up , it feels so great that the only one they wanted to see come through that door to their rescue was their mommy ... the laughing and babbling right now confirms it . i love being a mom !! 
i just wonder how people can be so fake and contradicting !!!! it makes me so mad and so sad for the peole that i love ..... 
took the kids to the park . < PROPMALE > is so cute , when we pulled up , and he saw the slides , he starts pulling on his carseat straps and yelling \weee !! \ " i think he was refering to the slides ... " 
ok , time for bed . was up way too late and the kids were up way too early this morning . no re-runs please !! night ... 
long day today , even longer one tomorrow ... having lunch with my gramma , i hope gav and < PROPFEMALE > don't do anything super embarrassing . :) 
ok , i thought that today was long ... tomorrow starts bright and early at 515 . is this what it's like to be a real adult ? 
each day is getting longer , but more productive . i have to say , i love it !! 
dinner ... check . baths ... check . bed ... double check . :) 
can't wait for the weekend , a break from all the things i SHOULD be doing and a < PROPMALE > to relax , if there is such thing with 2 kids under 2 ... 
hanging out with my closet bf .... yes i said closet !! 
just got home from the backyard bbq ... so much fun until both the kids were having a meltdown , together !! got to see < PROPMALE > dyrdek though :) 
i am kid free right now , until tomorrow at 10am . i don't know what to do with myself !! feels good though :) thanks mom ! 
note to self : do NOT under any circumstance EVER give < PROPFEMALE > a redbull AND rockstar in one day . she is off the hook !! \ 
p.s. i'm so ready for tonight ! ( and so thankful that i don't have < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > until 10am tomorrow , happy birthday AND mother's day to me !! ) 
i had the birthday weekend of a lifetime ... had some needed relaxing on friday night with my very best friend , went out to lunch on saturday and saw < PROPMALE > dyrdek , got to < PROPFEMALE > out with some really great people last night and had an amazing celebration , spent time with my family , and got to enjoy my little ones . right now , i feel like the luckiest peron alive !! 
didn't want to get up this morning ... been up 6 hours already and still going strong !! 
ok , day one went great ! can anyone tell me why the girls at daycare said that < PROPMALE > didn't cry all day except for when he saw me ? kinda funny how that works ... 
i realy should go to bed now , and i don't think that the rockstar this afternoon is helping ... i guess it's just going to be a long day tomorrow . :( 
ok , i think that this morning < PROPMALE > realized that i was going to leave him all day because he seemed pretty upset when i dropped him off at daycare today . :( 
ok , i am so lucky to have the best friend that i have . i was thinking about it and i would be SO lost without her . god really knew what he was doing when he put her in my life :) 
< PROPFEMALE > has FINALLY started to crawl . i don't think it's going to last long though , she's pulling herself up on everything . she must be learning all of this in daycare , i've tried for 6 months to get her to crawl with no success ! 
the suspense is driving me crazy !! and i have a feeling that what i'm waiting for is going to be completely and totally irrelevant ... 
had a really good day today . a great end to a busy week . so looking forward to spending the weekend with my babies .... :) 
is thoroughly irritated ! 
both of my kids are 1 .... weird !! 
the second interview tomorrow at 9am !! i am so excited and nervous all at the same time ... 
is facebook really going to start charging a monthly fee ? 
i am so exhausted . the week is almost over , but < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are going to be getting up at 7 , saturday or not ... can somebody please tell me why little kids don't sleep in ?? 
good morning ! i'm not ready to be awake ... where's the coffee ? 
so it's firday night and i just might go to bed early ... does that mean i'm lame ? 
so i was busy all week , and now i'm doing laundry and cleaning all weekend to get ready for next week . will it ever end ? i know once everything is all clean it will feel great , but will i get it all done before naptime is the real question ... 
i hate it when < PROPMALE > doesn't get the appropriate amount of naptime .... makes everyone miserable !! 
today seems like a lazy day , i don't want to do anything !! good thing i did most of my laundry yesterday ... it just seems like the day to lay in bed and watch a movie !! 
man ... i'm exhausted !! i didn't do anything too crazy today either . and i can't go to bed yet cause it's too light outside and i'll wake up a million times ... i decided i am lame !! 
now the suspense is really kicking in !! can the lady just call me already !?! i just keep praying that this is the job for me ... maybe i should pray for < PROPFEMALE > too ! :) 
had a great day today , and so far tonight isn't half bad !! the kids are getting ready for bed ... no complaints so far ! 
alright ... i'm moving way too slow this morning , maybe it's cause i'm just waiting and hoping . very exhausting ! but i'm excited for the kids to get up , it's been a long 12 hours without them :) 
< PROPMALE > woke up before me this morning ... makes it a little difficult to get ready when the kids look so cute cuddled in my bed watching < PROPMALE > .... :) 
i'm hoping for good news today , otherwise i'm going to have to start all over again :( 
getting ready to enjoy this fabulous weekend with my little loves ... hopefully they are just as excited as i am . :) 
really , the kids went right to sleep ? how did i get so lucky ? now i have plenty of time to relax before 7am :) i still want to know why kids don't sleep in ... 
when will these runny noses stop ?!? aren't you supposed to be healthy in june ? 
had a great weekend , now it's time to get serious and get ready for the week ... :) 
ok , it's only 930 and i'm thinking it's time for bed ... looking forward to tomorrow , a day full of nothing :) 
i can't believe my baby is going to be 2 tomorrow .... 
Happy Birthday to < PROPMALE > !! he even woke up before < PROPFEMALE > , like he knows today is special . we're moving into the terrible twos ... great . :) 
all bad news today :( just wasn't the plan for me . i thought today would be better , especially since it's gav-v-v's birthday ... hopefully things will turn around !! 
well , tonight sucked too , but at least i had great company !! :) tomorrow is a new day , let's see what opportunities await me ... 
ok , i am pretty sure today qualified as a bad day ... 
i really like it how < PROPMALE > gets up before < PROPFEMALE > ... it's nice to have some one on one time :) don't really appreciate the cheerios all over my bed though ... 
so i got the job !! had my first day today ... just wish it wouldn't be so gross outside !! 
i had so much fun tonight ... what a great way to celebrate my new job !! taking the kids to the zoo tomorrow , hopefully it isn't a humid as today !! 
omgsh ... it is way too hot ! i hate it ... 
good morning !! i've got to start getting ready for the week ! boring stuff like laundry and cleaning ... :( but it's my first full week in a while !! 
it has been a really long weekend , and i didn't do anything !! i even had a nap today , and i'm still tired !! 
i'm trying to get ready for work , but for some reason i am sitting on facebook ... it's still going to be a good day !! 
i'm not tired , but i'm going to try to go to sleep . 5am comes quick !! 
good morning . i'm tired . not used to this yet ... 
I should go to bed ... morning has been coming too quickly lately . 
i am already so tired !! getting ready to go to the gym ... 
ok , i'm home now ... still tired and have to do some of the never ending laundry !! half way through the week though , i'm still alive ... :) 
i have a feeling that today is going to be a good day . :) 
( sigh ) < PROPMALE > has a fever , gotta go pick him up from daycare ( < PROPFEMALE > too ) .... early day for us i guess . :( poor guy . 
wow .... i can't believe what i just found out ! my stomach is upside down . where is my bf ? we need to talk , asap . 
ok , i thought i said that today was going to be a good day ... jinxed myself from the very beginning . 
my back hurts really really bad ..... :( i've been full of complaints lately !! 
my back STILL hurts ! i hope i didn't do something permanent , i am having a hard time carrying my kids ... this is not good . :( 
moving on now ... 
i am really thankful that god has given me the strength to keep moving forward ... and plus i have the BEST support , ever !! i even surprised myself today , never felt like i could do it , but it's easier than i thought ! does that mean i'm growing up ? :) 
it is such a beautiful day !! i think i'm going to take my kids to the park . maybe they'll get rid of some of this energy ..... :) 
so < PROPMALE > is about to start talking up a storm . he said a few things to me today , like 3 words sentences ... i know i'm the only one that could understand him because i'm the mommy . i love him ... 
i'd have to say that today was a pretty good day , considering it was a monday ... let's hope the week is the same !! 
well , i guess it's time for a movie and bed , now-a-days tomorrow comes quickly , and with no remorse ... but every day is a step forward , and that makes me SO happy !! 
i'm not going to let facebook consume my morning again !! i hate rushing .... 
sometimes i think i hide behind the fact that i SHOULD be ok ... 
alright , time for bed , i falready don't want to wake up !! lol ... 
Good Morning !! I have lunch plans today , and i'm so so excited .... 
today's been a crazy day !!! so ready to be off work ..... :) 
because really , i'm about to snap , and then when you need me , i'm going to laugh ... 
good morning ! i wonder what today has in store for me . i hope today is better than yesterday , and yesterday was pretty good . :) 
because i went to bed at like 830 last night , i'm not really tired this morning !! that was unintentionally responsible .... LoL !! 
ok , so my phone is SHOT !! i can't see anything on my screen anymore ... rwelp , time for a replacement !! 
9 minutes and counting .... maybe i can go home early :) yeah , in wish land !! 
every night is a celebration , and now i really have something to celebrate !! 
i'm having a really great day ... 
really , i'm spending my friday night doing laundry , cleaning my room , and washing the car ? wow ... 
getting ready to get outta here !! just about another half hour and then we'll be on our way .... :) 
i totally thought that today would turn out better . not quite what i was expecting . :( 
great end to an ok weekend . gav got a haircut .... he looks so old . i love him !! 
i am so ready to start today ! lots of important stuff to do , gotta get serious and get it done !! 
so so so ready for this work day to be O-V-E-R !! went by so fast until like 30 minutes ago !! 
< PROPFEMALE > has an ear infection , again . poor little girl , she just needs to get better already !! :( 
ok , today was much worse than yesterday , it seems like it's never going to end !! i wanna go home ! 
all bad news , all day long ......... can it get any worse ? 
< PROPFEMALE > still doesn't feel good !! i feel so sad that i can't do anything to help her ... hopefully by the time i pick her up , she'll be a happy girl . :) 
just got home , got some new clothes ... first time in i can't remember how long i only bought stuff for myself . feels kinda good !! 
had my first appointment with my personal trainer yesterday ..... not only did he kick my butt , i am so so sore too , this is no joke !! 
i am pretty sure i have the best kids ever . they are so good ALMOST all the time !! i am so lucky , i love them to pieces and death !! 
today was actually a pretty good day , considering it was a monday !! can't wait for this weekend ... 
i feel buff already .... 
day #3 and i'm actually ready and looking forward to it ... i think !! 
well , as of right now i'm pretty sure i'm going to be hating life !! as < PROPFEMALE > put it , i'm going to have to pour my kids out of their crib tomorrow morning !! great ... 
i'm ready for today ! hopefully work isn't as crazy as it has been !! 
I am so over this day !!! i want to go home ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > just took 3 whole steps all by herself ... I'm in for it now !! It is so exciting though ... 
The kids are actually playing together ... Sibling entertainment is coming !! Along with the fighting , whining , and tattling !! Great ... 
I had a great 4th . Got to spend it with an awesome group of people . Too bad my kids didn't like the fireworks . Maybe next year ... 
Feeling so good ... 
Kids are clean and in beds ... Time to relax and do nothing !! 
i can't find my phone !! 
going to the doctor's AGAIN !! seems like if one is sick the other is well , or they're both sick . it's been a while since they were both well ..... 
I'm going to be so sore tomorrow !! No questions ... 
i love short weeks !! friday is almost here .... :) 
on call this weekend !?!? great .... 
Friday is almost here ... This week went by SO fast !! 
i am SO busy at work !! i'm really happy that it's friday , but oncall is going to kick my ass ( i think ) 
so at about 630 the kids were so hungry they were melting down , and i'm trying to get the < PROPFEMALE > of this oncall thing ..... i can't believe that i made it through it , AND got some calls dispatched !! money , money , money .... 
remind me that i NEVER want oncall ever again !! i've been working non-stop . and naptime is almost over .... :( i feel like i haven't gotten to spend any time with my kids . i hate that ... 
I love my kids SO much . Everyday they learn new things and NEVER cease to amaze me . They remind me to smile when I think I have nothing to smile about . I am so lucky .... 
I am SO excited to give this oncall back !! I don't see how a person can be oncall and have a life !! I worked all weekend long , I'm almost looking forward to going back to work ... and I sat at the ER to find out that < PROPFEMALE > is just getting teeth , great weekend . hopefully next weekend is better . 
I am so glad Monday is over ... I hate Mondays !!! 
going to the gym , i'm actually really excited ... 
Great work out at the gym tonight !! Really worked hard tonight .... 
i'm ready for the weekend already . at least i'm half way through the week ..... 
just went to whole foods ..... that place is really cool . never been there before . 
Can somebody please tell me why I'm paying my personal trainer to make me run outside ? 
happy almost friday ... :) getting closer , so many things to look forward to . 
I got my butt handed to me again at the gym , but I know it's for the best !! Finally get a night off tomorrow ... :) 
WOW , lots of good news already !!! i can't wait for next weekend ! 
Pretty sure that tonight calls for a few beers !! 
I love the weekends ! Get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my kids , feels like I don't get to see them all week long . Now if only they would have a nap so they're not grumpy ... 
Had SO much fun last night ... Now just hanging out do absolutely nothing . The countdown to next weekend begins , it's going to be the longest week ever !! 
Ready for the week .... I think :) 
i really hate it when i get the bad mood when it's not my fault . really it sucks ... 
i hate mondays , especially ones like this ... 
i'm hoping for a better day today ... 
Had a good workout tonight , going to be sore tomorrow !! 2 days and counting ... 
< PROPFEMALE > has been sleeping for 5 hours .... 
finally got a much needed cut and color ... it looks absolutely beautiful !! thanks < PROPFEMALE > :) 
i'm tired of today ... let's just skip to tomorrow afternoon :) 
so excited ... 
Finally on our way ... can't wait to get this started already !! 
< PROPFEMALE > just walked into the sliding glass door , at first she was kidding , but then I realized the she just a dork !!! so something I would do ... 
Help !! < PROPFEMALE > is off the hook !! I love her ... 
great food , great people , great weather ... what more could a girl ask for ? more alcohol !!! LoL ... 
getting ready for night number 2 !! nothing can prepare me for this ... 
weekend of a lifetime !! so much fun ! thanks girls ... 
apparently my kids were SO good this weekend ... < PROPFEMALE > has pretty much cried since I picked her up !! still so happy to be home with my loves ... 
i am SO tired !!! i can't even handle it right now !! 
< PROPFEMALE > ate 2 pieces of pizza tonight ... that's my girl !! 
so not ready for today ... it's going to be VERY interesting !! 
today just keeps getting better ...... 
Thank god this week is almost over !!!!! 
i am in such an a-mazing mood today , i just hope it lasts ..... :) 
i don't want to go to the gym tonight !!! i just want to go spend money .... :) 
I'm a lucky girl ... 
how come when I have a clean car it seems like it runs better ?? 
what a long day today !! I'm so ready for tomorrow ... 
i'm so not ready for today !! just want to crawl back in bed !! 
i can't believe that it's already wednesday ... 
yeah ... don't care . 
I love it when the kids and I are driving down the road and I look in the back seat and < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are bobbing their heads to the music ... I love them !! 
so i started taking these really great vitamins , and i can't believe what a difference it's making ..... 
it's about to be a REALLY bad day !! 
we were annihilated at the gym tonight ... 
i forgot that i'm on call this weekend .... :( 
grrrrrr ..... so happy it's naptime , i can finally get caught up on this oncall bs . 
Can't decide if I want to take a nap or not ... 
I can't believe that the kids are still sleeping ! This is absolutely wonderful ... 
surprisingly i feel really good this morning ... ready to take on sunday with my loves !! 
Just had a great breakfast with my girls ... Now it's time for a nap !! ;) 
Had a great day of doing nothing ... Then had a nice swim and bbq with the fam ! Beyond ready for bed ... 
i am so not ready for the gym tonight ... just barely recovering from last week !! 
off to get the kiddos , then straight to the gym ... still not ready for this ! 
so on our way through the parking lot into the gym < PROPMALE > was acting like a normal 2 year old and walked straight into a parked car !! he's so tough he didn't even cry ... 
ok , i'm feeling like it's going to be a good day ..... 
off to get my loves !! i'm excited to see them ... 
I love being single ... 
can today be over yet ? i am just over it ... 
i just wanna go home !! i have WAY too much work to do ... 
so happy the weekend is here !!! 
I love it that < PROPFEMALE > is a full time < PROPMALE > now !! 
wow , what a weekend !! so not ready for today ... i think i'll make it out alive ! 
off to lunch !! i'm starving !! 
well , i'd have to say that today wasn't so bad for a monday , now i'm off to get murdered at the gym ... :) 
taking my little girl to the docotr today .... so excited that we get to spend some mommy < PROPFEMALE > time , without gav ... girls only !! 
my daughter is healthy and took her shots like a champ !! i am so greatful to have 2 beautiful , healthy kids ... 
so not ready to go to the gym tonight ... still so sore from yesterday !!! 
I'm about to be twice as sore tomorrow ... Great ! 
level 11 on the stair master ?? I thought for sure I was going to fall off that thing ... 
this day is turning out to be better than i thought !! 
having a blast with the besti ..... 
fml .... 
wow ... this work day needs to be OVER immediately !!!!!! i am so done . 
had a fun mellow night last night ... I just wonder what tonight has in store for me ..... so excited !! 
the kids are driving me CRAZY !!!!!! i love them just the same , but really i'm about to rip all my hair out ! 
omgsh , < PROPFEMALE > was singing in the car on our way to and from dinner ... so freaking adorable !! i love her ... 
I am tired today , hopefully i can make it through the day .... 
i hope gav and < PROPFEMALE > are in a good mood when i pick them up !!! 
note to self : never agree to do cardio with < PROPFIRST > ... EVER again !! 
i don't think today is going to be a good day ... 
i am so glad that this work day is almost over , i'm not sure if i could take anymore !! 
i am so sick of this week .... ready for the weekend for sure !! half way there ... 
i am SO happy that tomorrow is friday ... now if it could just hurry up and get here , i'd be in good shape ! 
i really hope everything goes well tonight !!! 
really , cause tonight was A-mazing !! 
omgsh ... this last half hour is going to take an eternity !!!!!! 
Yesssss ... the weeekend is finally here !! 
finally leavin ' ...... 
took the kids to the zoo today ... perfect weather , so much fun !! 
why is < PROPMALE > walking around calling me < PROPFEMALE > ? last time i checked i'm his mom ... great ! 
i need a day off from the weekend ... 
i'm hoping today goes by fast ... but i don't think that it's going to happen . 
so , i can't find my phone , anywhere !! it's lost ... 
beyond ready for lunch !!!! i'm starving ... 
i'm finally starting to feel better ... 
i am sooooo tired !! i found my phone though ... :) 
i am so tired !! as soon as the kids go to bed , so am i ... 
fake it ' til you make it ... 
There comes a point in your life when you realize who matters , who never did , and who won’t anymore . So don’t worry about the people from your past , there’s a reason why they didn’t make it to your future . 
had so much fun last night !!!!! but really , there was no way it could've been any different ... not really having so much fun today at work , but it's worth it ! 
:) 
can i just say that last night ( well today too ) was OUTTA control !! good thing i'm young ! 
holey moley ... i wonder what's next !! ;) 
took thekids to the park ... it is such a beautiful day !! 
still going .... energizer < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
really , I'm pretty sure that this is the BEST ever ... 
feeling pretty good about today ... :) already looking forward to next weekend ! 
Dont trade in what you want the most for what you want at the moment . The minute you settle for less than you deserve , you get even less than you settled for ... 
lemme outta here !! 
i hate it when i'm late for work ... 
i get to see my nephew tonight !!! i'm sure he's already getting SO big ... 
i'm so tired tonight !!!! so happy that tomorrow is already almost friday ... 
the day is getting closer to an end !! i am so ready to get outta here ..... 
omgsh !!! thank god for my < PROPFEMALE > with a ' k'!! if it wasn't for her , i'd prolly still be sleepin'!!!!! gotta love her .... 
so how come i made 2 corn dogs , 1 for gav and 1 for < PROPFEMALE > , and neither of them want the one that's in front of them , they just want eachothers instead ... i just don't get it . 
omgsh .... i am starving !!!!! can we please get this show on the road ???? 
here we go ... still so excited !! 
there's nothing there but a fly , buzzing around .... lmfao !!!! 
i'd have to say that today was the perfect day for a nap .... i love lazy saturdays !! 
alright , i need to get away from facebook and get ready for tonight !!!! 
takin ' the kids to the aubun fair ... going to be SO much fun !!!! 
so much fun at the fair !! < PROPFEMALE > was scared until I gave her an ice cream cone :) love her ... 
i am so tired tonight !! don't want to go to work tomorrow !!!!! 
my back hurts .... i'm sooo over it ! 
What ?!? Thursday night ritual ... It's only Monday !! 
Today is going to be a long day ..... 
this has to be the longest 2 minutes of my life !! 
What ?!? I can't believe it's Thursday !!! 
grrrrrrr ...... 
this day is dragging on FOREVER ....... 
can i be done working already ? 
Thursday night ritual .... Gotta love it !! 
I love us ....... 
( sigh ) what a long day !! i can't wait to go and pick up my kids . i missed them today . :) 
Mcdonalds , the park and crazy kids ..... There is no better way to end this lazy Saturday !! 
It's amazing how quick the plans change ...... 
I love this ..... 
I'm the new miss march 
i have a feeling that this week is going to take forever ! i can just hope that it doesn't and be thankful that it's only a 4 day week ... 
If the 49ers wouldn't screw up so much , then maybe they'd have a < PROPMALE > . Stupid .... 
ok , pretty sure this is going to be one crazy week ..... :) 
i am so ready for today to be OVER !! i'm seriously ready to start thursday !! can we fast forward through wednesday ?? it can't be anything good ... 
Cheeseburger meatloaf and cheese potatoes ... Anyone hungry ??? 
Oh Wednesday ... I've never been so happy to see you .... Party starts tomorrow !! 
I'm pretty sure that my great idea wasn't a good idea at all ...... 
ok , so thursday is finally here ! i am so ready . been looking forward to this weekend for MONTHS !! it's about to be crazy .... 
i am so ready to get outta here !! this last hour seems like it's going to be the death of me !! i wish i could leave early ..... 
Finally made it ..... I see rum runners in my future !! 
Wow ... I want to be ready to take on today , I just can't get motivated to get out of bed !! Somebody please help ! Lol .... 
Omg . I love love love my girls !!!!! 
Here we go ... Round 3 ..... 
omg , $170 dollars in drinks .... are you kidding me !?!?! 
back to the real world tomorrow ... 
so thankful that today is tuesday , i'm just not sure if could handle 5 days of work this week ...... 
one day until professionalism ...... 
pretty sure today keeps on getting better ... 
alright alright , thursday is already here !! i can't believe it came so fast this week ... now lets just hope that this day goes just as fast ! 
Can i just say that i love thursday nights ....... 
the only thing i hate about thursday nights is that i have to come to work on friday ... at least i made it ontime this morning . 
today doesn't feel like friday ..... thank god it is !! 
just spent the last half hour dancing around the house with the kids ..... i love them !!! 
i don't want to get ready .... and i don't think that this drink is helping much !! LoL ... 
it's just about t-shirt time !!!! so ready ..... 
Omg . Where's my cheeseburger ?!?!? 
i absolutely HATE mondays ..... 
i really hope that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are in a good mood , cause i missed them so much today !! keepin ' my fingers crossed ..... 
i'm really glad that this week is more than half way over ... 
so right before i walked out the door this morning , i knew that i didn't have my phone and was like , hey can't forget to grab it ... here i am at work , no phone . great . 
so ready to be done working today ... is there a reason that it feels like ever thursday takes forever ? ughhhhh ..... 
i have decided that an ice cream sandwich is best eaten OUTside by a 1 and 2 year old ...... then straight inside for a bath !! still love them tho ..... 
i had SO much fun last night ... i love love love thursday nights with the girls !! as far as today goes ... the quicker the better . i want my bed , immediately ! 
If you do what you've always done , you'll get what you've always gotten ..... 
so , i just went to take out the trash , and when i tried to go back inside the house , the door was locked ... < PROPMALE > deadbolted the door , ( apparently he doesn't know how to unlock it ) and both the kids were crying because they wanted to come outside , and all i wanted was to come in . needless to say , i had to climb through a window ..... 
had an amazing lunch with my cousin , i just wish that it wasn't so short .... so happy that i got to see her anyway !! 
i'm actually in a pretty good mood for a monday ... must be the amazing bbq i went to last night !! 
i love had an A-mazing lunch ... well breakfast for lunch . :) 
That's right !! Goooooooo giants !! 
had a great night with my loves .... time to relax and get some much needed sleep . can't believe the week is almost half way over !! 
it's amazing what a full night's sleep can do .... ready to take on today !! 
i jsut spilled my coffee ( from this morning ) all over my desk , and all over me ... i love being so graceful ! 
christina : what time are you leaving ? \ 
me : why , you want to go with me ? \ 
christina : no , i want you make brownies before you leave . \ 
OMG ...... lmfao !!! 
pretty sure i am SO excited it's thursday , and it doesn't feel like i've been waiting forever for it . yay !! 
Uhhhhh ....... Dinner was A-mazing !! 
omgsh ..... really because i am so happy the weekend is finally here !! 
i love saturday morning breakfast , especially when i don't have to cook !! it was simply amazing ... 
Yay Giants !! 
HATES waiting ... 
Sunday football with my girls !! I love us ...... 
Really cause at least the giants been doing something right !!!!! 
Yessssss !!! Now let's just hope the giants pull a win tonight too ! Love the niners .... Won the game that matters .... 
today is going by pretty quick for a monday .... have to say i'm happy about that !! 
football , rock band , and pizza ...... plus awesome company ?? how did i get so freaking lucky ?!?!?! love love love it ..... 
so , back to the gym i go .... surprisingly , i am really freaking excited ! 
It's MOMMY week ... repost this with the time and date you first became a mom .... june 1 , 2008 ! ( then my emmerton may 16 , 2009 ) love love love them !! 
i really hope that < PROPMALE > is feeling better in the morning ... i HATE it when my kids don't feel good , so helpless !! 
( sigh ) instead of being at work , i'm at home , taking care of my sick kids , and cleaning the house . pretty sure i'd rather be at work ! 
my kids are sick !!! i hate it ! the worst part is < PROPMALE > just barfed up his cold medicine . great ... it could be a long night . 
love that the giants won !! 
i love thursday !!! i love it even more that this thursday came with a quickness ... 
< PROPMALE > Tucker ..... 
stayed up wayyyyyy too late !! feeling it today ..... it's ok , TGIF ! 
needs a nap .... immediately ! 
So < PROPFEMALE > and I are trying to get ready to go out ..... Wandering around walmart buying mirrors ! Oh yeah , trying real hard !!!! Lmao ... 
ohhhh man ! ready for a nap .... it's prolly going to be a long night ! 
Let's go giants ...... 
Wouldn't mind the rain so much if there wasn't any wind !! Just gonna stay inside and watch football and recover ... 
today is going to be a LONG day , i can already tell .... 
is starving ! 
love monday night football at < PROPMALE > and steph's!! i love love love it !!!! wouldn't trade my monday night for anything else !! 
dude ..... love monday nght footbal !! steph is the fraking best !!!! guitar hero .... 
i need a drink .... 
pretty sure that today has been ABSOLUTELY crazy . haven't had one second to think !! great .... fml . 
i am ready for today to be over !! i have a feeling that tomorrow will not be any better ... 
I love me some giants !!!!! 
really because sucks .... and it just keeps on getting better . 
C'mon Giants !!!! 
Really because I am so having a great time ..... 
Come on giants !!!!!!! 
Like I said , love me some Giants !!! 
omg ...... 14 yards away from reno !!! damn ..... 
you can't soar like an eagle if you're surrounded by turkeys ...... 
it's tuesday and i'm SO happy that < PROPFEMALE > is back ... 
really because i hate days like this !! 
what ? thursday night !! so excited .... 
ok ... i love thursday nights !! < PROPFEMALE > is laggin ' , but what's new right ? can't wait to see what this girls night has in store for me !! love me thursday night !!!!!!!!!!! 
I love Saturdays !! Lazy day today and then going out with my girls !! 
So this time change thing is playing tricks on < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . They're ready for naps already !! I'll be taking advantage of that .... 
Is very tired ... 
Have I ever told anyone that < PROPFEMALE > comes up with some of the most amazing ideas ? If I didn't , I'm telling you now ! :) 
Really doesn't want to go to work tomorrow ... 
So the time change had my kids up at 520 this morning ! Yay me !! 
Monday night football !!!!!!! 
how did this happen ?!?!!?!?!?!?!? 
is beyond ready for a nap ! turned out to be a long night last night and today just keeps getting LONGER .... please can it be time to go home yet ?!! 
And it just keeps dragging on ..... 
Pretty sure I need a drink !! 
How did I get so lucky !?? 
The weekend is finally here !! This week felt like it took freaking forever .... Made it through and I'm going to enjoy the couple days off work . Already starting off right ! 
This weather is amazing !! We are going to the park after naps for sure !! Love spending the weekend with my kids ... 
Watching a movie with the loves of my life .... Prolly going to jinx myself by saying this but I can't believe they're actually watching !! 
and i was hoping that i was just hungover yesterday ... not so lucky ! still feelin ' like crap ... 
i can't believe how great today has started off !! better stay this way , that's all i have to say ..... 
just had lunch with my brother .... random but it was nice to see him . 
is beyond ready for a drink !! 
Can't wait to get some drinks with the girls !! Definitely overdue ! 
Straight to the gym next week ... I never thought I'd say it but I'm very excited !! 
I love the weekend ! Wish it lasted a little longer though ... 
good start this morning .... not at all what i was expecting . let's just hope that continues on this way ... 
OMG OMG OMG my little brother is going to be here TODAY !! sooooooo excited !!!! 
At the dr with < PROPMALE > ..... I hope it's just an ear infection . :( 
Ok . My trainer annihilated us tonight !! Never going to let myself ever get this out of shape ever again ..... 
Just have to say that at the end of the day , I'm very thankful for my best friend ..... She's the best !!! 
About to go bowling .... Haven't been bowling dice I was pregnant with < PROPFEMALE > . This should be interesting ...... 
Has the most beautiful daughter ... 
This is the laziest weekend I've had in a long time !!! 
Who bakes a cake right now ?!??? 
< PROPMALE > Tucker ...... 
Positive I love my bestie ...... Too bad the rest of my girls aren't here . :((( 
Change your profile picture for one of your fav childhood cartoon characters and invite your friends to do the same . Purpose of the game ? To not see any human faces on facebook until Monday Dec 6th . Only an invasion of memories . ( FOR THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE ) . 
long day ... even longer week . so happy the weekend is here !! 
I can't believe how fast this year went !! I can't wait for 2011 ..... 
and i thought last week was bad ... 
So i guess the silver lining is i get to take naps and potty train < PROPMALE > . . . 
I love my kids more than anything in the world but i could never be a stay at home mom !!!!!!! 
I'm dunzo ...... Love my girls !!!!! 
i still don't like mondays ..... 
OMG .... today has been a mission !! getting lots of stuff accomplished tho ... 
so my iphone is working again ... my \home\ " button isn't . great . so lucky . " 
What ? Almond Tree . . . 
lots of phone calls to make today , lots of cleaning , lots of laundry , and i am still in an amazing mood , all things considered .... :) 
a one hour nap ? tonight should be interesting . definitely not looking forward to it ... 
brrrrrrrr ...... it's so cold outside !! 
watching The Sandlot with the kids .... ( forgot how much I like this movie ) < PROPMALE > is intently watching while < PROPFEMALE > is unfolding the laundry I just folded . Perfect . As long as they're both entertained , I'm not complaining . :) 
If you were thinking then you wouldn't have thought that . . . 
At least the chargers are my second favorite ...... Damn niners !!!! 
Bomb drinks with the bestie . . . 
we are rapidly approaching naptime ... thank god !! 
Prolly pretty sure I NEED another drink .... Lol ! 
i have the most wonderful best friend in the WHOLE world !! i'm positive i'd be s.o.l. without her .... :) 
my neck hurts from looking at the eclipse ...... 
yay !! i finally found my phone .... :) 
i am not ready to take on today ... seems like < PROPMALE > is going to push me to my limit today . ugh ! gotta love him though !! 
today is going to be an amazing day ... ;) 
had the most amazing christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!!! i can't < PROPFEMALE > n tell you how fun it was ........ i am SO blessed ! :))) 
Ok . My kids are going to freak out ......... :))))) 
love football sunday ..... :)))) 
guitar hero . drinks . enough said !! :)))))) 
ugh ... been cleaning all day ! still more to do . it's amazing how quick this house gets destroyed and how long it takes to get it back to normal !! good thing the kids are still napping . :) 
lets hope for a better day tomorrow ..... 
today is looking better than yesterday ..... :)) YAY !! 
so < PROPMALE > got into the baby powder ... this is NOT good . < PROPFEMALE>'s hair looks gray , and their entire room covered with a thin layer of baby powder . should be fun cleaning it up ... 
went to claim jumper for dinner .... by far the worst service i've had in a while . slightly irritated . :( 
so much to do .... so little time . :) 
have to say it was a good night ... :) 
really ?!??? it's only 1153 ?! feels like 330 ...... love my girls ! 
i just liked everyones eveyones eveything for the last 12 hours ............. 
all set up for my cruise .... who's going with me !! LoL .... you know who you are !!! 
facebook made me get the new profile ...... i hate it !!! 
i love the wiggles .... well not really , but i do love the fact that my kids love the wiggles . :) 
my son just pulled down his pants in the walmart parking lot and peed .... with no direction from me !!! oh boy .... :) love him !! 
it is such a beautiful day !! took the kids to the park and had to remind myself that it's only january ..... 
immediately worked ! Can't wait . . . . . First date here we come ! 
my kids are driving me CRAZY today !!!!! ugh ... 
is stressed to the < PROPMALE > .... 
i would like to thank everyone involved in tonight ..... it was amazing !!! :) 
i'm kid free !!!!! yay me ! 
Mingling ...... 
Ugh ..... Too early to be awake . 
Guti and I are in eachother's pants .... 
Let's go ..... 
Wow .... 
is VERY tired ... 
What to do , what to do .... 
I have so much to do to get ready for tonight .... My kids need a nap first , but apparently they don't think so ! Playing and talking to each other . It's going to be a long afternoon !!! Fabulous ... 
Ugh why is everyone at walmart right now ?!?!? 
16 girls on a party bus ready to drink ...... Tonight is going to be AMAZING !!!!! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
Can someone please tell me why < PROPMALE > woke up wearing a dress ? This is not good .... 
I NEED to snap out of this !! I have a superbowl party to go to ..... 
I need coffee ..... 
Hates the wind ..... 
OMG !!! i'm trying to get through to a person at unemployment ..... pretty sure better luck some other lifetime !! 
I wanna go to the casino !!!!!! 
So I'm trying to get out of bed to go to the gym ...... This really isn't working out so good !!!!! Help . 
And by the way < PROPMALE > is calling me < PROPFEMALE > ..... Great ! 
Ugh ..... Definitely need a nap !! Then off to the gym I go , this should be VERY interesting . :) 
I am SO thanking my lucky stars right now .... And < PROPFEMALE > . Lol .... 
ugh .... i've been so busy all day !! good thing i'm going to be kid free tongiht !!! :) love them , but they are driving me NUTS !!!!!! 
I need a babysitter !!!!!!!! 
Have you noticed that you are only seeing updates or getting comments from the same people lately ? That's because Facebook made yet another change . You only see posts from people you interact with regularly . To change this Scroll down to the bottom of the news feed on the homepage and click on ' Edit Options ' , click on ' Show Posts From ' and change to ' All Of Your Friends and Pages ' RE-POST AND LET EVERYONE KNOW 
it's never good when you have 2 kids and only 1 balloon ..... 
i feel like today is going to be a good day ..... let's just hope i'm right !! 
Always nice to see old friends ..... Too bad my kids are crazy !! 
i have some pretty amazing friends ...... VERY thankful !! :) ( You know who you are !! ) 
That was the best idea I had all day ..... 
Brrrrrrrrrrr .......... 
OMG !!!!!!! 
I have a lot of stuff to do today ..... But for some reason I can't even get started !!!!!! 
Soooo < PROPFEMALE > has gum in her hair . This is going to be fun ...... FML 
I know that my kids are the only people in the world that think I'm a good singer ..... I'm ok with that . :) I LOVE them !!!! 
I have the most amazing best friend in the world !!!! :) 
Taking my \dod\ " Chica ( as < PROPMALE > would say ) to the vet today .... But now she'll be able to go to all the baseball games !! :) " 
As if I don't already have enough to think about ..... 
Honestly ..... 
$3.83 a gallon !! WTF ! When did this happen ?? 
2 kids + 2 laundry baskets = no fighting and hours of entertainment . :) 
For being in la la land last week , I would have to say that I'm getting stuff handled !! Feels good to be productive .... :) 
I think it's funny when you see a car that has rims on it that are more expensive than the WHOLE car !!!! 
I have some really amazing kids ..... I'd have to say that I'm really lucky !! 
One step at a time .... Just can't wait until it feels like I've gotten somewhere !! 
I think it's just about time to start potty training < PROPFEMALE > .... This could be then end of diapers !! Yaaaay !!!!!!! 
Ugh .... 
I'm coming to realize that I am an impatient person !!!! 
I love cuddling with my baby girl . . . 
Geez . . . It's hella raining right now . Good thing i'm not outside ! Lol . . . 
Definitely missed my kids today . . . . Good to know they missed me too . :) 
i wonder sometimes ... 
is praying for lots of good news today ..... today could be the day !! 
Are you kidding me ?!!? 
i FINALLY got my replacement driver's license in the mail ...... too bad i'm broke and all my girls are in san < PROPFIRST > !!!!! there's always next weekend ...... who wants to babysit ?? :)) 
I guess i'll get up now ... 
Sigh ... Hope this goes well . 
so i lost my keys ..... well the last person i remember with them was < PROPFEMALE > . I searched high and low ... even in the fridge . < PROPMALE > Wold suggested i look in my purse . what a smart kid ! FML .... 
I think that no matter what happens , today is going to be a good day ! 
i'm very excited to have a weekend to look forward to ... :) 
So all of a sudden i have allergies ? WTF 
i'm ready for bed ...... and it's still really early ! 
can't wait for the weekend . going to do some really fun stuff with my kids this weekend !!! :)) 
bbq at the park with the kids ...... off to walmart to get backpacks first , < PROPMALE > asks for one EVERY morning . it's going to be a good day !! 
