Can't find a party , this is not good . 

Tonight definately made up for New Years < PROPFEMALE > , and tomorrow will be even better . 
This was definately one to go down in the books , everyone was there having fun , and most importantly the guys were home . It's to bad that it had to end , I'll see you soon < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > be safe . 
I really don't want to go to work today , I'd much rather go smoke a cigar . 
Had a great night , tomorrow I better find something to do . 
Why do the fun parties always happen on random days ? 
Life has just become so boring as of late . 
Had a good day , plus it's raining I mean who doesn't like that ? 
\I heard you bitches wanted to play some wiffleball . \"" 
J-Bones throws one amazing party , can't wait for tomorrow . Thanks to everyone that came and made it so awesome . 
I've seen what I have done and the world I have created and built around me . Yet the only thing I would ever change is myself . 
is gonna go lose himself in a good graphic novel to drown out the world around me . 
Gonna < PROPFEMALE > with Mr. Ball eventually , or I'll kill him . 
Loves talking with old friends about his band geek days . Thanks < PROPFIRST > . 
I am a bad person , I've done bad things . But I'll be damned if I let a friend suffer . 
Ah work you ruined what looked to be an eventful evening . Oh well you'll be gone soon and I will be on to bigger better things . Or atleast a bigger pay check . 
Going to court , this should be fun . 
I made a judge laugh , I don't know if I should be happy that I made a man of the law chuckle or ashamed cause I was in court for something so stupid . O well chalk this one up as another story . 
Was an hour and a half late for work today . I know , I know , I'm pretty awesome . 
District 9 was great , I highly recommend it . Because , you know , my opinion is so highly valued by you . 
I believe I just got fucked over . 
So I got an IV at a party . It was the wierdest things that happened to me in a very long time . Thanks < PROPFIRST > , glad the Army taught you how to stick a needle into a fat man's vein . 
Going to get some eats with the guys , amazing rootbeer in frosted mug here I come . 
It's a Friday night and guess what I'm doing ? No not drinking , I'm doing nothing and it's sad . 
Friday , just got paid and have bad intentions on my mind . Who wants to do something ? 
Just got home from dropping < PROPMALE > off . Good night everyone , see you in 9 hours for work . 
Hulk Smash ! 
I care but I wonder if I care to much at time . 
Oh dad , your such a hilarious asshole . 
IT'S RAININ ' SIDEWAYS ! 
I'm drunk yet have a headache , the fuck is up with this . 
We are controlled by what we fear in ourselves . 
Is feeling depressed . 
Ducks fly together . 
Well I'm off work , it's kinda nice going to work and then leaving it while the sun's still up . 
Ok I'm ready to take on the world , lets get into a fist fight with random people or something . 
Careless , that's the word , we are careless with our feelings . 
Oh Friday , how I've missed your party enducing goodness . 
Blue and < PROPFIRST > Smith are acting like they're high , but it's all good because we have delicious Philly B's . 
Has been playing the Beatles Rock Band , so much fun . Text me and < PROPFEMALE > out , play some plastic instruments . 
Good things man , good things . 
I must've been super drunk last night , I woke up in the shower a few minutes ago and I don't rememeber getting in the shower . Good night last night , thank you everyone for hanging out . 
I missed when I could just go get some late night eats at < PROPFIRST > In the Box without being pulled over , everyone freaking out , and getting weed dumped all over my food to hide it . Plus that pretty much ruined everyones night and I feel bad . It even ruined Mighty Ducks :( 
Pandorum or Surrogates , it's up to a vote . 
Pandorum , way better then I thought it was gonna be . Great story , good characters , interesting situations , and most importantly made me jumpy . On that note I'm off . 
It's the weekend , you know what I'm doing . 
Ah such a good party , 6-1 in beer pong , < PROPMALE > out with all my friends , and End Of Summer Scortcher all day tomorrow . This my good friends is what life is all about . 
And End of Summer Scortcher was amazing , was by the gate almost the whole time until I felt like I was gonna pass out . Saw The Veer Union , Since October , Cavo , Tantric , Sick Puppies , and Five Finger Death Punch . I'm beat to shit because of the pit and just gonna relax . 
God damn leg cramps , need more water . 
Me and Slater like to eat prenzels . 
Hangin ' with the fellas today , let the adventure begin . 
Days like these are what we live for . 
Shaping up to be a great night , good friends , cigars , and ultimate fighter tonight . 
Midnight movie always fun . 
Staying up talking with the guys last night was a bad idea . Threeish house of sleep then working eight hours is gonna drag . 
I slept in , feeling refresh . Ready to take on the world today . 
Tonight there's gonna be a jail break . 
Work sucked , but leave it to my high friends to make up for things . 
What can I say , the good times are a rollin ' 
Tire has a flat , but have no fear < PROPFIRST > Sandoval always helps a brother out . 
I am but a lone wanderer in this world , only because I have no one to < PROPFEMALE > out with right now . 
Going to the All That Remains show tonight . 
Just got back from the All That Remains show , let me just say epic . Hanging with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > is always a good time . Also check out this new band that I saw called Maylene and the Sons of Disaster , I was blown away . 
Feels like a prick . 
Rectracts his last statement to say the Venture Brothers Season 4 premires tonight , < PROPFIRST > is now an excited man . 
What a shitty day , I'm glad its over and tomorrow will be great . Some delicious wings with some friends then buying boarderlands . 
Halloween party was a success , I had a blast so I hope everyone that was a < PROPFIRST>'s had a blast too . 
Filming today , should be a good time . 
With great friends come some very memorable moments . Had a great night , < PROPFIRST > thank you for letting us fuck up your house . One more shout out to < PROPMALE > , you dig your own grave man . 
Just threw up and it wasn't from drinking , man I must be sick . 
I just want to feel better , and have Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2 , and eat $ . 35 wings from Native . 
Drinking the night before your sister's birthday wasn't a good idea , no sleep and 9 hours of work on top . < PROPFIRST > is a tired boy . 
Can't wait to relax tomorrow , but I wish I had money . 
My god work is going to kill me tonight , fuck you holiday season . Retail has slowly turned me bitter to this season . 
Steel Panther tomorrow , and seeing < PROPFIRST > , and eating wings after a month hiatus . My god it will be a good day . 
So I can't go out because I have to put my Aunt's bumper casing on her car in the morning . I dont even know how to do it , Thanks for volunteering me dad . 
Fuckin Steel Panther was amazing , the bassist ran down and gave me a high five . And best of all it was free . 
Thanksgiving is so awesome with my family , played rockband with the cousins , played LCR and gambled with my grandma , now playing pictionary man with everyone and it is the most fun ever . 
What to do today ? 
Man Sex Rehab with Dr. < PROPFIRST > is hilarious , who would of thought that , \I would rather jerk off . \ " was a way to convey your emotions . " 
Need to find something to do tonight , something nice and relaxing . 
I threw up in a bowl , fuck you < PROPMALE > bowl so much cooler then a cup . 
My back , tis killing me someone should rub my back . 
Closed last night , didn't get off til 12:30 am then went to Mikey's house for a welcome home party . Thought I was going to be able to go home around 2am but thanks to a friend having to go to the ER I wasn't able to go to sleep til 6am . Now gotta go to work and close , I'm really not in a good mood . 
Watching The Hangover with < PROPMALE > , what a great way to end this night . See everyone later , I got the day off to . 
Knowledge , Beast , and the Inferno made 
What to do .... 
Oh what a night , good friends make one hell of a party . Welcome home B . 
Can't wait for tonight , gonna watch Inglourious Basterds with the guys . Oh this would be a good day if not for the fact I had to go to work . 
Damn Native's gonna be a little light today . 
Oh hanging with the friends is always good , now I have to somehow manage to find the energy to wake up to go paintballing at 10am and then work from 3:30 pm til midnight . This is going to be fun . 
So after taking to much nyquil I woke up to feel worse then I was yesterday , today's gonna be a good day . 
God dammit I will be better by New Years < PROPFEMALE > , I refuse to lose this battle to a cold . 
Hanging out til five in the morning was a bad idea . 
Wow last night was amazing , thanks for everyone who came . 
It's midnight and < PROPFIRST > and I are tailing a convoy of buses . 
Bumming around tonight , fuck it . 
Tomorrow will be better , it has to be . 
Just got done playing some new Army of Two with < PROPFIRST > , it was intense , can't wait to finish it . Oh yeah and Zach helped . 
Now that's a flavor ! 
Gotta love post apocalypse movies , especially ones that get it right . Book of < PROPMALE > is definately one to watch , two great actors back up a very great story . Gotta love Denzel and < PROPMALE > Oldman , while < PROPFEMALE > Kunis redeemed herself for that awful performance in < PROPMALE > Payne . 
The word of the year is self improvement , because I myself am flawed . I am lazy , selfish , prideful , angry , and drastic . Let the fixing of bad habits commence . 
Just became a fan of the show < PROPMALE > . Ah yeah ! 
Oh Cowboy Bebop you are the best . 
The bettering myself thing is going pretty well . I still need to do some hard work on this being selfish thing though . 
Mass Effect 2 , I seriously can't wait . 
Oh thank god I'm off of work , time to relax . 
Loyalty quest for < PROPMALE > Hale completed . Yes I am that big of a mass effect nerd to post this . But seriously I did something for him today that made me smile . 
I really hate stupid people and I feel bad that those drunk idiots probably kept < PROPFIRST > up . Oh well I'll apologize to him tomorrow . Hopefully I get up in time for lunch with < PROPFIRST > Sandoval in the morning . 
I'm proud of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > it has honestly been to long since I've seen him . Tonight was a great night , hopefully this carries over for the rest of the day . 
Fuck it time to relax . 
Time for some wings with the group . 
So I guess I work at 2:30 today instead of 4 , oh well atleast Native was delicious . 
Home from work lets hope something is going on . 
Home from work , tired as hell . I should do something , right ? 
Must stay awake , I refuse to go to sleep and fuck up my schedual . 
Last night was great , thanks < PROPFIRST > for having us over . 
Drunk < PROPMALE > Hill is the best person to party with . < PROPMALE > Flores hit me in the < PROPMALE > while trying to do a distraction in beer pong , that wasn't fun . And < PROPMALE > Hale and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , I thank you for coming with me . Have a good night and happy birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > thanks for having us over . 
Fuck it if I'm going to have to work on Super Bowl then I'm gonna have a damn party . Definately gonna get some wings and also smoke a cigar . 
Just ordered 60 wings so we can chow down at work . Super Target Super Bowl party , I think so . 
I hate Valentines Day because of work , thank god I'm home finally . 
Small group at Native today , but it was really fun . Works gonna suck though , you should all come in and say hi . 
Hurting all over . 
It's my mom's birthday today :) 
Where was your heart , when we needed it most ? 
Tired but must stay awake , damn morning shifts . 
Have to stay home and watch < PROPFIRST > , eh o well . 
Horrible fuckin ' mood . 
Just got home from work , time to take off my pants and relax . 
Holy fuck Shutter Island was a crazy mind fuck of a ride . Now time to get some sleep so I have energy for the BBQ . 
Attention everyone , I was a designated driver tonight for < PROPMALE > . Hell of a role reversal . But it was a great night with great friends and delicious good . 
This was an amazing night . 
One more month til my 21st birthday , this is gonna be great . 
Being home from work at this time is just wierd . 
You don't take me serious , but I'm the one that solves everyones problems . 
It makes me sad to see a friend in such a bad place . 
Well everyone the start of March Mustache Madness is upon us , say goodbye to my goatee because it is going away . Death is fast approaching my goatee but he is not scared . 
Todays been a fun day off , got to spend most of it with a pretty sweet chick . 
Great night , man date with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Smith , showed < PROPFIRST>' little brother how to be a man , and now having a great drunken conversation with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . Oh life you are sometimes to awesome to be expressed through facebook . 
Here we are juggernaut . 
Home from work , feeling a little sick but it's nothing a huge dose of nyquil can't fix . 
Help me be a channel of Thy peace . That where there is hatred , I may bring love . That where there is wrong , I may bring the spirit of forgiveness . 
Had a great day , tomorrow getting my hair chopped off . Goodbye lucious curly locks . 
What a shitty day at work , put me in a horrible mood . 
I love nerding out with the guys . 
Fuck yeah , < PROPMALE > Flores throws one hell of a party . I had such a good time , thanks everyone that was there . 
Is finally 21 . 
What a great birthday , I didn't get trashed but I'll leave that to this weekend . A 20 year old rum was a great birthday present . Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . 
The broken mend the fix . 
So I just played the game , \Why did we do that ? \ " with < PROPMALE > and Mikey infront of my parents . Man last night was a good time . " 
Nothing like relaxing at home watching movies with my dad . 
Have to go to work at 2pm so I can't go to native . I have a bad feeling about today . 
Day off tomorrow , let the fun begin . 
March Mustache Madness has been successfully completed . You were a horrible friend beaner stache , same time next year though . 
Clash of the Titans was an awesome action flick . But I'm a sucker for greek mythology . Now I ask you , who is ready to grab your sword and shield and help me piss off some Gods ? 
I'm just glad to be home at this point . 
What a good day . 
Enjoying my day off . 
Watched my sister in a parade and all I can say is fuck it's getting hot out . 
Good night relaxing with the guys but fuck both the Filly B's close to my house had black outs . God was not kinda to our stomaches tonight . 
It's actually really nice outside right now , to bad it's gonna be summer soon . 
is watching an acoustic set of Coheed and Cambria . This is the Year of the Black Rainbow . 
Got outta work early tonight , it was actually a pretty fun day . Now time to do what I do best , relax . 
Gonna go grab a beer with < PROPMALE > . 
Work in the morning , lets see what time I fall asleep . I'm stoked to go see Kick-Ass at midnight tomorrow . 
Fuck yah Zackery Sexton birthday party was a blast , everyone got crazy . Chick fights , cool English guy , shaving cream balloon fight , beer pong domination and so much more . Thanks for everyone that showed up . 
Doesn't care , I use to but fuck it . 
Two hours of sleep , 8 hours of work , the rest of the day to relax . Oh Friday you can not come soon enough . 
Time for sleep , beautiful sleep . 
When I dream , this all seems so far away . 
Thank God for < PROPFIRST > Sandoval 
Going to have lunch with an old friend . I'm so excited . 
My room is completely empty , now just time to clean the carpet and I'll be moving all the furniture back tomorrow . Feels good to get rid of all that clutter . 
A slow < PROPFEMALE > out with the fellas . Just what the doctor ordered . 
Let's do this ! 
Just got home from the Coheed and Cambria concert , god damn do they know how to put on a good show . My voice hurts , my body aches , I'm tired and smelly but I couldn't be happier . 
Iron Man 2 was a decent flick , but I can't wait for the Thor movie . 
How the fuck did I get sick , my stomach has put me up in my bed all day . Fuck being sick , someone take care of me . 
Taking my mom out to sushi for early mother's day , yay for spending time with my mommy . 
$150 less in my pocket but it was so worth it . I'm ready for tonight . 
I'm gonna miss < PROPFIRST > Schenk but it's really awesome to have < PROPFIRST > Griggs home . Great fuckin night everyone . 
Native was fun , now let's see what's going on tonight . 
Today should be a good day . 
Hmm what to do tonight . 
It's just been one of those days . 
Well aparently I'm just an idiot and I don't work til 2pm today . Bullshit , now I can't get my brother from the airport this evening . 
Finally going to bed , welcome home < PROPFIRST > . 
Gonna fuck some shit up tonight with the guys . 
Damn last night was a blast . 
Having a great day for no reason , I'll stop wondering about it and just take it . 
Such a good night . 
I really don't wanna work today . But tomorrow should be fun . 
You know what I enjoy getting a really awesome sunburn , dehydrate , then come home and feel like shit . Sorry Mikey wish I could've stayed later . 
I love naps , I hate the fact I took one so late today . 
I just got a new < PROPFEMALE > ! Teehee 
Ah hell yeah going to the Dream Theater/Iron Maiden concert after my opening shift at work . I'm so pumped . 
Man that the Dream Theater/Iron Maiden concert was so good . I can't sleep even though I'm tired but other then that very legit day . 
This is lame , Home already on a Friday night . Oh well . 
Smoked a cigar , drank some beers with the fellas . I definately needed a chill night like this . 
So what is < PROPFIRST > gonna do today ? Well today I'm gonna do the robot dance and then go to work . 
Then it was just you and I , standing here at the end of eternity . 
Going to Tempe , hitting up < PROPFEMALE > Rocks tonight . It's gonna be sick . 
Man last night was a fuckin ' blast I just wish I wasn't so damn tired . 
All in all I have to say this night was a great success even thought I had to leave early . But someone has to teach the youngin ' how to be a good DD . 
Gonna go see Toy Story 3 later today . Fuck yes ! 
You wouldn't even give a cripple crab a crutch . 
Gonna < PROPFEMALE > out home and just relax tonight . This weekend should be sick . 
Just got home from work and I've already had a beer , this is gonna be a good day . 
Damn what a night , gonna do it all again tomorrow . For now it's time for some much needed sleep . 
The last person just left , so I'd say tonight was a great night . Thanks for all who came , I guess the time has come for me to finally get to sleep . I'll just clean shit up tomorrow . Total damage for the past two parties - 138 beers and a handle of Captain < PROPFIRST > . God I love my friends 
What to do today . 
Damn A/C is out in my house , fuck life . 
Rough day , just came home to grab another change of clothes and it's 94 degrees inside my house . Like I said yesterday , fuck life . 
I loved Inception definately gonna have to take my dad to see it with me when I go again . 
I'm finally back at my house , I missed my bed . 
What to do on my day off ? 
Power is back on , thank god . 
Oh yeah McFadden's happy hour tonight . It's gonna be fun . 
Damn tonight was great , now how about a nice rest . 
Smile 
Nice relaxing night with the fellas , the beginnings of a good weekend . 
Tomorrow's gonna be a good day off . 
Still feel really bad about calling out , but my Grandma's 80th birthday party was awesome . Thanks for everyone that came and helped me all day , you know who you are . And a apology to my Target brothers in arms , unfortunately you also know who you are . 
Damn nap , I'll never get to sleep at this rate . 
It's my day off and I have no idea what I'm doing to do . 
I have a feeling I'm going to be up for awhile , text me fools . 
My brother's coming home tomorrow , let the drinking commence . 
Getting ready for my buddies wedding , tonight is gonna be epic . 
Starting to feel sick , damn you immune system work . 
Done 
This is going to be a long night , time to give < PROPFIRST > Bynaker an awesome send off . 
I got high hopes for tomorrow . Also after a month's hiatus , Native ! 
I'm sad , one of my closest friends is leaving for a while . If he doesn't come back when he said I'll have to grab my moped and go get him . 
Went to work at 6am , should be asleep but I can't . Oh well , it will come eventually . 
I'm so lame . 
My cat just learned how to turn on the light next to my bed by touching it , fuckin ' Mr. Pants . 
Maybe I should sleep . 
Halo Reach with < PROPFIRST > Bynaker good way to start the day . 
Being bored is awesome . 
What a great night , saw old friends at McFaddens , < PROPMALE > out with some great people , and also celebrated a special 21st birthday for < PROPFEMALE > Rimbey . Can't wait for tomorrow . 
Need something to do before the party tonight . 
Another great night :) 
Rage 
Just woke up from my nap , there goes and semblance of a sleeping schedual that I had . 
Tomorrow is shaping up to be a good day . Now if only I could find something to occupy my time right now . 
What a good couple of days , to bad I have to work tomorrow . 
Man I really wish I was tired . 
Legendary . 
Well that nap was a bad idea . 
Apparantly I'm poor till tomorrow . 
I may be tired but there is still a lot of Community to watch . 
Was just made a fantasic meal by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > had wedge salad , potatoes au gratin and best of all prime rib ! The girl can cook let me tell you . Oh yeah and in a lesser note < PROPMALE > Hale and Mustache Hale were also there . Now time to do the podcast . 
Tired , but now I have the rest of the day to relax and play Fallout . I'm such a nerd . 
Just got home from < PROPFEMALE > Ivanchan ' s halloween party . Had a great time , got to see old and new friends . Will have pics up for my indie/hipster costume . 
And the people who are weaker than you and I , they take what they want from life . 
Fuck yeah watching The Walking Dead . 
Epic four hour Rock Band 3 session with < PROPFIRST > Sandoval and Lelund Nielsen 
I would just like to say thank you to not only my mom , dad , brother , uncle , numerous friends but all the vets for serving our country . 
Nothing to do tonight , got off work earlier then I thought but now I'm stuck at home . What a great way to spend a Saturday night . 
Ah yeah new episode of The Walking Dead 
What a great night with great friends . I don't have to waste my whole night at work tomorrow so lets how that goes . 
Only 2 more hours if work left , I can do this I can get through the day without strangling these idiots . 
It's funny how one thing can make you angry . I just need to relax and enjoy my day off . 
Work at noon , right smack dab in the middle of the day . Ah yeah ! 
Having a well deserved drink with the fellas . 
It is way to late to be this full of energy , lame . 
Fighting the urge to take a nap . 
What a good night , happy birthday Seany . Happy hour tomorrow , it's gonna be fun . 
Good night at the bars . 
Watching Despicable Me with my mom :) 
Tron Legacy was amazing , thanks for everyone who went with me . 
This is going to be a good day , < PROPFIRST > comes home in a few hours and I get off of work at 730 . 
I can't wait for my day off , work is killing me 
This is one strong rum and coke , probably shouldn't have poured so much rum when I have no soda . 
Trying not to fall asleep 
What happened to being unpredictable ? 
I feel like going out on an adventure . 
Tonight was fun but I should probably sleep got to open tomorrow at work . 
Tonight is going to be crazy 
Walking through the drive through at Philly B's , it's a lot harder then driving through . 
Watching lord of the rings with my dad . 
Grilling burgers for the family . 
I'm just frustrated is all . 
Dead space 2 is so intense . 
I may have had too many wings for lunch . 
Going to watch red when I get home from work . 
Thank god I'm off work . 
Off of work , what to do tonight . 
I don't know what kind of illness I have , all I know is that it's acting like a giant douche right now . 
Eating at famous daves for my moms birthday dinner . Mmm ribs . 
A certain special someone made my day by bringing me starbucks at work :) 
Good night with good friends . 
Had a great day with < PROPMALE > , life needs to have more days like this . 
Had a great night at west gate . 
Ultimate fajita night was amazing thanks Jojo . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone , I appreciate them . Its been a great day so far :) 
I should be tired but I'm not . 
I need to get out of the house and go do something . 
Just got done eating some delicious salmon I grilled for my family . Now to turn my attention to finding something to do tonight . 
Power steering out in the Bynaker mobile , oh no . 
I want to party tonight . 
Barros lunch special is legit especially when the cashier gave me a it for f\ 
Half off since I have an \epic beard \"." 
Hmm still not tired even after working 10 hours and getting up at 8 am . This could be an interesting . 
Going to go to the Big Four concert tomorrow , tis going to be epic . 
Why does everyone have to be doing stuff tonight when I have to be up early ? 
Just got home from the concert , man I'm tired . 
Hanging out and having a couple beers with < PROPFIRST > , great way to spend a night . 
I finally have a weekend off , what to do . 
At least I had a few coronas tonight . 
Fuck yeah Coheed and Cambria tonight ! 
Day off tomorrow , I definitely need it . 
Having lunch with the parents . 
