had her first mystical reading today . My advisor read my energy level based on the cards I chose ... very interesting . 

Took a walk tonight and enjoyed the nice weather ... finally !!! 
survived my 58 mile bike ride yesterday . Took about 6 hours to finish . It was torture !!! I do not recommend riding that distance on a mountain bike . I need a serious massage . 
I have officially hooked up my new printer after having it sit around for two months because I haven't wanted to deal with the annoyance of hooking it up . It wasn't so bad . 
I played my first game of 9-hole golf today . Not too shabby , but I definitely need some practice . 
I'm having a fun time in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , NM this weekend . I'm searching for the perfect adobe house to photograph . Looking forward to the Int'l Folk < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > stival tomorrow . Should be fun . 
I had the BEST massage today at Massage Envy . After trying about 70+ therapists in my day , I had the good fortune of finding the magical hands of < PROPFIRST > at the West < PROPFIRST > clinic . He's a 20-year-old dude fresh outta school but he can give the ultimate rub down so go visit him if you like a firm , serious massage . 
Huge lightning bolts lit up the sky tonight every 15 seconds on my way home from work . It was quite the sight . Glad they didn't catch me in my lowrider car since I was heading right in their direction . 
cruised through American Fork canyon today on my way to the Sundance Harvest Market . Great fall colors were out and the market was fun ! 
is having a good time riding the cable cars in San < PROPFIRST > . Love the city views . 
Just learned that Google only gives you 1GB of storage space on Picasa and now I have to pay $$ to have them save pictures so I can post on my blog . Boooo !!! 
Enjoyed a lovely week in California . It was nice to poke my head into Chico for a few days and see my family . Glad my Mummy's shoulder surgery went well . 
going to Frightmares tonight ! 
Free tram rides at Snowbird this weekend and next weekend for Customer Appreciation Days . Just have to bring in a canned food item to donate : http://www.snowbird.com/events/summer/customerappreciation.html 
is eating Paradise Bakery cookies . Yum , yum . My I love Halloween treats at work . It's been a party all day and all night long . 
just peeked out the window to find my neighbor across the street snowblowing our whole driveway and long sidewalks . How nice !! 
You know you’re getting old when your younger sister asks you for your opinion on whether a gift idea is cool . You answer saying you think it’s very cool and a great idea . She then decides against it assuming the idea must NOT be cool because you think so . What a riot . 
If you know of any folks who speak Java fluently and are looking for a job as a software developer in Utah County ... let me know ! I have a nice lead for them . 
Yay for Super Bowl MVP < PROPFIRST > Rodgers !! He's my fellow Pleasant Valley High School Alumni and stud athlete from Chico !! You made us proud today !! 
Great morning snowshoeing today . Weather was gorgeous . Went to get my car washed after through the automated car wash only to have the car in front of me go haywire on the belt and I crashed into the back of her . Booooo !!! No big damage done , but BEWARE at car washes !! 
I've arrived in Seatte for the weekend . It's perfect weather for the vampires ... maybe I'll see < PROPFIRST > running around . :) 
I enjoyed watching the Jimmer Show today . Great effort by the whole team . Welcome to the Sweet 16 ! 
MICE !!! You want ' em ? We got ' em !!! 
