Smile ... it don't cost nuthin ... and you may infect someone else an then they'll smile too , an then you'll smile more ... see how simple it is to spread happiness instead of bullsh*t ..? 

As the old year comes to a close i think back on 2009 i ask myself .. What's my new years resolution ?? i have decided ... I Will Not Be Making One ... why ?? Cause i plan to spend every day 2010 working to better Myself , and My circumstances ... And to be a motivation an example to those who are close to me ... if this is a new years resolution then so be it i perceive it to be simply living the new year productivly .... 
If you can't fix it , change it , or make it better ... let it go , cause there isn't anything else you can do with it ... 
Thanks to Everyone ... for wishing me a Happy Birthday !! I Enjoyed My Day ! And Thanks To those Who Helped make it a peaceful and Happy day !! Much Love To All ... 
Sitting Back an Smiling At The Haters Tryin To < PROPMALE > Me Of My Joy .... Keep Tryin Haters ... Cuz You'll < PROPFEMALE > Succeed ... It's MY Joy An You Can't Have It !!! Go Get Ya Own ...!! 
My Fine Is ... $320.00 
Watch Your Thoughts , They Become Words , Watch Your Words , They Become Actions .. Watch Your Actions , They Become Habits , Watch your habits , They Become Your Character .. Watch Your Character It Becomes Your < PROPFEMALE > .. 
BLOW IT !!! 
Time crumbles things .... everything grows old under the power of Time and is forgotten through the lapse of Time . 
During thisweek please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like for theweek ... post this to your profile and photo and see who agrees . 
Treat Others As You Want To Be Treated .... 
Hope is the thing with feathers That perches in the soul . And sings the tune Without the words , and never stops at all . - < PROPFEMALE > Dickinson 
It takes your enemy and your friend , working together , to hurt you : the one to slander you , and the other to get the news to you . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
The Ones We Are Closest To Are The Ones We Need To Be Our Most Careful Of What We Say , And How We Say It ... Even We Are Trying To Be Helpful ... 
Love is an irresistible < PROPFEMALE > to be irresistibly < PROPFEMALE > d . - < PROPFIRST > Frost 
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take , but by the moments that take our breath away . 
What a grand thing , to be loved ! What a grander thing still , to love ! - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
When you cannot get a compliment any other way pay yourself one . < PROPFIRST > Twain 
The Wise talk because they have something to say ; fools talk because they have to say something . -Plato 
We must not allow the clock and the calendar to blind us to the fact that each moment of life is a miracle and mystery . - H.G. Wells 
Grief can take care of itself , but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to share it with . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
We were given : Two hands to hold . To legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . 
Love does not consist in gazing at each other , but in looking outward in the same direction . 
Love is a force more formidable than any other . It is invisible -- it cannot be seen or measured , yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment , and offer you more joy than any material possession could . 
If you aren't good at loving yourself , you will have a difficult time loving anyone , you'll begin to resent the time and energy you give another person that you aren't even giving to yourself . 
It is great to be happy and wise and good to be honest and true ; the only way to be true to yourself and another is to be done with an old love , before you are on with the new . 
People spend a lifetime searching for happiness ; looking for peace . They < PROPMALE > idle dreams , addictions , religions , even other people , hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them . The irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within . 
These two truths are the same in weight and importance . Accept and love WHO and WHERE you are now , and all good things shall find you there . 
The greatest weakness of most people is their hesitancy to tell others how much they love them while they're still alive . 
Acceptance . It is the true thing everyone longs for . The one thing everyone craves . To walk in a room and to be greeted by everyone with hugs and smiles . And in that small passing moment , you truly know you're loved , needed , and accepted . 
The soul is dyed the color of its thoughts .. The content of your character is your choice . Day by day , what you choose , what you think , and what you do is who you become . Your integrity is your < PROPFEMALE > ... it is the light that guides your way .. 
Some of the biggest challenges in relationships come from the fact that most people enter a relationship in order to get something : they're trying to find someone who's going to make them feel good . In reality , the only way a relationship will last is if you see your relationship as a place that you go to give , and not a place that you go to take . 
God didn't promise days without pain , laughter without sorrow , sun without rain , but He did promise strength for the day , comfort for the tears , and light for the way . 
The bond of all companionship , whether in marriage or in friendship , is conversation , mutual respect , honesty , love and shared interests . 
May the sun always shine on your face ; May a rainbow be certain to follow each rain ; May the hand of a friend always be near you ; May God fill your heart with gladness to cheer you . 
People spend a lifetime searching for happiness ; looking for peace . They < PROPMALE > idle dreams , addictions , even other people , hoping to fill the emptiness that plagues them . The irony is the only place they ever needed to search was within . 
If you look to others for fulfillment , you will never be fulfilled . If your happiness depends on money , you will never be happy with yourself . Be content with what you have ; rejoice in the way things are . When you realize there is nothing lacking , you find true and lasting happiness . 
Don't be afraid of showing affection . Be warm and tender , thoughtful and affectionate . People are more helped by sympathy and caring than by service . Love is more than money , and a kind word will give more pleasure than a present . 
There are three kinds of people ; those that make things happen , those that watch things happen and those who don't know what's happening . Which one are you ? 
If you have a wonderful man , who works hard to take care of you , would do anything for you who makes you laugh , is your best friend who wants to grow old with you , will always pick you up when you're down who is your world , is someone that you're thankful for , then post this to your status and give good men the recognition they deserve , because greatmen are few and far between ! ? ? ? 
One person gets nothing but frustration out of a piano ; another gets < PROPFEMALE > . No one claims the piano is at fault . Life is the same . The frustration is there , and the < PROPFEMALE > is there . Study to play it correctly , and it will give forth the beauty ; play it falsely , and it will give forth the ugliness . Life is not at fault . 
Communication : It's the first thing we really learn in life . Funny thing is , once we grow up , learn our words and really start talking , the harder it becomes to know what to say , or how to ask for what we really need . 
NOW READ THIS : The elevator to success is out of order . You'll have to use the stairs ... one step at a time ... And if you stumble or fall , laugh at yourself first , dust yourself off and get up and keep climbing . 
True Love Is : looking at your partner with your heart , where you see them as you saw them when you first fell for them , even if it's 10 or 30 years later .. 
Yesterday is history it's gone so let it go . Tomorrow is a mystery so don't worry about it , it isn't here yet . And today ? Today is a gift that's why they call it the present 
In life There are two big forces at work , external and internal . We have very little control over external forces such as tornadoes , earthquakes , floods , disasters , illness and pain . What really matters is the internal force . How do I respond to those disasters ? Over that we have complete control . 
I Like It On The Table . 
\People limit their possibilities by giving up easily . Never tell yourself this is too much for me . It's no use . I can't go on . If you do by your own thinking you are doomed to not succeed ... Keep believing and keep on keeping on . \"" 
\ ... the ultimate decision about what is accepted as right and wrong will be made not by individual human wisdom but by the disappearance of the groups that have adhered to the wrong beliefs . \ " \ 
\Two souls with but a single thought 
Just came from seeing \For Colored Girls\ " I Wanna See that again !! Cuz somebody almost walked away with all my stuff .. !! once ! " 
Change\ 
your fb profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To \ 
not see a human face on fb till Monday , december 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse ! Copy & paste to your stat to invite your \ 
friends to do the same ! 
The post about the free makeup isnt anything i am a part of . i DID not order any makeup ! i looked at the offer . you can order it if you like , but i did NOT !! 
To All My Facebook Fam And Friends : < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! & Happy New Year ! 
Happy New Year Facebook Friends and fam .... I'm looking forward to making 2011 a spectacular year , living happy and achieving my greatest and best for the ones i love and myself . thanking god for all i have and that which he didn't allow me to have because i didn't need it if he didn't give it . Have fun , stay safe facebook ... see yall in 2011 !! 
I want to thank everyone for all the Birthday wishes , I appreciate you all for thinking of me on my day .. And In case anyone is wondering , Yes .. I'm Turning 21 .. AGAIN !! ROTFLMAO !!! Much Luv .. 
Breakfast in bed , beautiful cards , my favorite < PROPFEMALE > , my favorite drink , and an amazing dinner(shrimp , filet < PROPFEMALE > , baked potato , green beans and a roll ) .. I want to thank my sweetie and my boys for a wonderful and most memorable birthday .. and thanks again to everyone for the birthday wishes .. 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a foot up the ass . People who need a foot up the ass affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a foot up the ass , except a foot up the ass , but ...... we ... can raise awareness ... 93% of people won't repost this . They need a foot up the ass too !!! 
What was with that halftime show ?? The blackeyes peas deserve another blackeye and a busted lip for that performance !! Smh ! 
