Happy New Year to all . Close to the 24 hours up marker . I'll probably turn into a pumpkin then . 

Spent the day sleeping , recovering , eating left over lasagna and tres leches . Oh , and fighting to get Dragon Age loaded and the DLC downloaded . I think I'm abandoning PC gaming from now on outside of MMOs . Just popping in a disc and playing seems like an easier effing alternative . I've been DLing the Stone Prisoner for hours now . 
Do they no longer even try and do QA for PC games anymore ? Downloaded Champions Online for $10 and stalled at bugged end of tutorial mission . Their solution : leave the instance for 30 minutes then try again . Essentially , go play something else . Well done , ass-hats . 
Woot ! Got a new phone . Time to ditch the land line . 
Still learning all the neat things my phone can do . And making ring tones . :p 
Smashing my head against the poorly programmed brick wall that is \trying to sanction a venue for events with Wizards Play Network . \"" 
I would fight a hobo to the death for a hot fudge sundae right now . 
One more day before my appointment with the allergist and I can start taking allergy pills once more . 
Contemplating giving myself a buzzcut . I'm sure hilarity will ensue . 
Mwahahahaha ! Bzzzzzzzzzzt !!! And I'm still awesome . 
Going to the allergist . I'm curious how they test what you're allergic to . For some reason I imagine them bringing out puppies and kittens and rubbing them against you . 
Whee ! Random allergies ! After 90 pokes , I am so far allergic to cats , dust mites , mice , gerbils , hamster , parakeets , and orange blossoms . I go back for two appointments worth of injections for further testing . 
Another successful game of D&D put to bed . 
Heat Index gonna hit 110 this afternoon . Sorry outside world but you're on your own today . 
I meet with my most dangerous enemy today , the Dentist . There will be blood ! 
Dentist battle delayed until Thursday . More time to study pressure points ... 
Not bad . Years since my last visit and only 1 cavity . Dentist said it was pretty deep but also gave me a prescription for codine in case of pain . WIN !!!!!! 
Yay ! Gained more allergies . Dogs and maleleuca added . Can't wait to see what else makes the list on Thursday . 
Final results are in ( no more betting ) . Allergies : dust , cats , dogs , parakeets , rabbits , gerbils , hamsters , maleleuca , Australian pine , and Orange blossoms . Gonna be starting on allergy shots in a few weeks so we'll see how that goes . 
Got my mind on my money , and my money on my mind . 
Tell me baby are you lonely ? Don't wanna rush ya . I can help ya if ya only let me touch ya . If I'm wrong love tell me cause I get caught up and the life I live is Hell see , I never thought I'd see the day when I would calm down , you ain't heard I've been 
Next Saturday's D&D game : AGLA 1-1 Lost < PROPFEMALE > of the Fey Gods !!!! 
\You remind me of the babe . What babe ? The babe with the power . What power ? The power of voodoo . Who do ? You do . Do what ? Remind me of the babe . \"" 
So my personal recipe of allergens is ready . I get to go tomorrow and get injected and hope I don't die . Rock on ! 
Survived my allergy shots ! Paid to be evaluated to qualify to be certified to teach . 
Who created \morning\ " and why did they make it happen so early ? " 
Going grocery shopping when you're hungry is never a good idea . 
Less than four hours of sleep and standing for close to 6 hours while running a D&D game makes me tired as hell . 
Laundry day . Nothing exciting to see here . Move along . 
Happy Birthday to me . Let the month of festivities commence . Or as AC/DC put it , \Have a drink on me ! \"" 
And for my birthday I'll be running a session of Dungeons & Dragons for folks and then going to eat at Shorty's BBQ afterward . All my players are invited , of course . 
Now that the last volume of 100 Bullets is out it's time to reread the entire 13 volume series . Hells yeah ! 
Gencon getting closer and closer but not yet close enough . 
Waiting for our ride and taking off to Indianapolis ! Peace out ! 
Getting ready for the last leg of the trip to GenCon . 
Drinks at an < PROPFEMALE > pub followed by a good meal and a bottle of wine at Shula's Steakhouse . Today was a good day . 
Got back home finally . Tomorrow gets to be spent doing laundry . And then I start getting ready to hit another con this weekend in < PROPMALE > . I'm a mad man . 
Body adjusting to being back home , and it's not happy about it . I miss the bed at the Omni ... 
Damn , still not recovered from Gencon . My body is rebelling against my \not an awesomely comfortable king-sized bed \"." 
Road trip to another 3 days of gaming . 
Got back in town after a weekend of D&D . Tired in a good way . 
$200 dollars for each subject area test for a Temporary Teaching Certificate ?!?! What the hell ?!? Seriously ? 
So , completed the online application so I can work for the Broward County Schools system . Printed up list of schools with positions for Subs and am rewriting my resume for them . Also writing up my resume for some jobs back with FPL since I know that I can do them since I did them in the past . These bases here , I got them covered . 
Well , our FLGS has suddenly closed its doors , so our Saturday games are deader than the dodo . It would have been nice to get some earlier notice though . 
This UM-FSU game is like a roller-coaster . 1 point difference in the 4th and I'm out of nails to bite . 
\I'm an educated fool with money on my mind . \"" 
Oh look , the sun . I guess that means another sleepless night . >_< 
Got a test Wednesday to see if I can get one of the jobs I've applied for . Now the waiting begins ... Oh , and stop talking about Kanye West ! You're all fueling his publicity stunt ! >_< 
Took a test to prove that I could recognize patterns , do basic math , spell , and sort . Woot . 
Power's back but the donuts are gone . :D 
UM looking good so far going into half-time . We just need to keep it up in the second half . 
Yeah , kicking the ball out of your end zone so the other team can't jump on it isn't really allowed . 
The UM game last night was pretty good . Though I have to ask , WTF was with the two missed field goals in the 4th quarter ?!?!? UM let up a bit on G-Tech , which never should have happened . The stomping should have continued until the end . 
OMFG ! Who chose crap brown as the color to paint our building ? Seriously , this looks so horrible . I'll need to post pictures because no one who is not raving insane can think that this looks good . So , annoyance , noise , increase in fees , and a fuggly color . Condo associations suck . 
Saw WALL-E , an indictment of Consumerism , and District 9 , an indictment on everything from Multi-Nationals to PMCs to Human Rights to Apartheid . Today was a good day . 
Yay , House returns ! 
Woot ! Job interview tomorrow ! $_$ 
Opening play touchdown by the Colts does not bode well for the Dolphins ... 
The Dolphins deserved to lose that one . Too many mistakes and not enough cojones in the second half . Bah ! 
Had an odd realization during the interview of how much I've changed since the last time I worked there . Lost family , gained family , seen life change everyone . All that was missing was some music and a close up . 
Saw House last night . Not sure how I feel about it . I dislike the implied message that there's something broken with you if you don't feel the same way that everyone else does and that you need meds to fix it . 
Finally got to see the UM game from yesterday . That was just some sloppy game play . Too many mistakes and bad choices . 
\Woke up in my clothes again this morning . Don't know exactly where I am . And I should heed my doctors warning . He does the best with me he can . \"" 
\Everybody knows that the dice are loaded . Everybody rolls with their fingers crossed . Everybody knows that the war is over . Everybody knows the good guys lost . \"" 
Crap ! I finished the fourth book in the Song of Ice and Fire series and now have to wait until who the hell knows when for the next book . :( 
Did character generation for our Starblazer Adventures game . Four phases , a lot of aspects , and an engineering genius/man whore/revolutionary . < PROPMALE > wins for most effed up background . 
\For the love of money ... \ " People will get a job ! I will be employed come November . Just need background checks and drug testing between then and now . Might need some new grown-up clothes while I'm at it . " 
I wish someone would tell white girls that dreadlocks don't make them look cool , it just makes them seem like they don't bathe . 
\A girl in love with a gleam in her eye . I was a younger boy all dressed in white . We're older now . Do you still think about me ? \"" 
\I'm not looking back but I want to look around me now ... See more of the people and the places that surround me now . \"" 
Just finished the first session of our Starblazer Adventures mini-campaign , Songs in the Darkness . The session was a simple intro adventure which brought the group together and got them their cool new ship , the focus for the 6 session mini-campaign arc . We're taking next week off then starting the spotlight sessions , beginning with the engineer/man-whore/revolutionary . :D 
Watched the Mutant Chronicles movie . Not bad . Noticed that it was Isle of Man , the same folks that do the current Iron Man : Armored Adventures show . I liked the almost Steampunkish retro-tech . 
Watching the recast of the UM game from Saturday . FAMU's got heart , I , ll them that . 
This CSS telecast keeps skipping time . Might as well call this a slightly extended highlights reel . Note to self : never watch a game on CSS again . 
Started watching the Rome series from HBO . It gets my History < PROPMALE > bones all a titter , since I wrote a 20 < PROPFEMALE > paper on the combat training and life of legionnaires . * glee * 
Been watching the first season of Lost . Not too impressed so far . It's fallen into a repetitive pattern ( crisis with flashbacks of one character ) pretty quickly . I hope it gets better in the latter half of the season . 
Nice and cold this morning in South Florida . If only it was always like this . 
10 ? How the hell does UM win their game ( by 20 points ! ) and still go down in the BCS rankings ? I swear , someone with half a frickin ' brain needs to come up with a better system that doesn't involve butterfly migration patterns and random cloud shapes . 
\Wanna be free . Gonna be free . And move among the stars . You know they really aren't so far . \"" 
Finished Lost Season One ... \The Others\ " are scruffy dudes in a fishing boat ? WTF ? Their swinging towards and then rapidly away from the supernatural is kind of irking me . " 
New Saturday routine : wake up with the sun , go grocery shopping , get shot up with allergens , fast food breakfast , feel crappy the rest of the day , gaming in the evening . 
Still recovering from UM's heartbreaking loss yesterday . 
Finished Season Two of Lost . Liked it better than Season One , aside from all the pointless killings . Obvious influences : The Prisoner , Fallout . Remember , the vaults were never meant to save anyone . 
\Though I know I'll never lose affection for people and things that went before . I know I'll often stop and think about them . In my life I love you more . \"" 
Did they fire all the writers off of Lost between Seasons 2 & 3 , because so far there has been a noticeable degradation in writing quality and character consistency . 
It seems that much of the world has yet to catch up with the change from Daylight Savings Time ... 
Great quote : \He's like Gandhi but better : he likes puppets ! \"" 
First week of work done . Brain fried and tired . 
UM did their job , now Wake < PROPMALE > just needs to score and finish off < PROPFEMALE > Tech . 
Huzzah ! Looks like I'll be getting paid for last week ! I can put the flamethrower away . 
Saw a piece of a horrible movie ( Nothing But Trouble ) which featured one of my favorite songs ( Same Song ) being performed by the band ( Digital Underground featuring Tupac ) . It's like a razor-blade covered in butterscotch . 
Learned that I weigh about 20 pounds less than I thought I did . It would explain why I can slide my pants on and off without having to undo them . 
Heh , my level 57 WoW Paladin took down a 59 Elite Demon single-handedly in under 10 seconds . I love Retribution Paladins . 
First day back at the gym . The body will be punishing me for it tomorrow . 
Wisely decided not to attempt to wire a new stereo into my truck . 
Jalapeno flavored potato chips and banana nut muffins go well together . Nice sweet stingy aftertaste . 
For all the folks on XBL or PSN , send me your GamerTags/IDs . 
< PROPFIRST > WK hosts a show where you blow stuff up and build stuff and blow more stuff up on Cartoon Network . How apropos . 
So much stuff I need to do today that I'm having a hard time remembering it all . 
Learned that I can listen to Pandora through my phone at work . Downside is it eats the damned thing's battery like sugar crack . Gonna need to invest in an adapter so I can charge it and listen to my headphones at the same time . And get some in-ear headphone while I'm at it . 
Wednesday on a short week . It's like Friday's little brother . Oh snap , the last Codex Alera book is out ! I know where I'm going after work . 
4-day weekend ! Time to get my Modern Warfare on . 
Spent the day hanging with my brother at his new apartment , watching the Auburn v . Alabama game , and playing some Memoir ' 44 . I don't think we've ever just < PROPMALE > out alone . 
Goodbye cold front . Back to the November 80's . 
Finally getting the rhythm of Demon's Souls down . It took several character tries but the humble < PROPMALE > seems to be the best class to start with . Light armor , ranged spell , lots of room for improvement . Picked up a spear , a bow , and a fire spell and I'm rocking . 
My hatred of Tuesdays continues . 
Been listening to some of Rush's old prog-rock catalog from the 70s . Some damned nice stuff . We need a return of the concept album . Last good one I heard was Judas Priest's Nostradamus homage album . 
Nice End of Year luncheon featuring Rock Band talent contest . Sadly , shaking my money maker was not enough for my band to win . :( 
Let's go , Alabama ! 
\Jerry was a race car driver and he drove so goddamned fast . He never did win no checkered flag but he never did come in last . \"" 
Alabama was really classy to keep the score at 32-13 against the Gators . They could've tripled Florida's score but were merciful . Classy move . :D 
Now to see if Clemson can work similar magic . 
< PROPMALE > , you suck ! 
Grr . Getting over a head cold . 
Why don't people understand that the best way for me to get over being sick is to be left alone to sleep ? 
Signed up for the Pandora One service . I was gonna hit that 40 hours/month limit pretty quick since I'm plugged in all day at work . Lord knows I'll go postal without music to keep me soothed all day . :) 
Moving on to the annoying cough phase . >_< 
Clawing my way to 30 in Modern Warfare 2 and baking cookies . Damn Infinity < PROPMALE > for disabling custom servers on the PC . Xbox chatter is tiring . 
Sunday . Cough's better . Hit level 30 last night . Time to school some noobs and shoot those damned double-shotgun bastards in the head . 
Holy Shit ! Went and saw Avatar tonight . You can get the plot from the trailer , but it is technically amazing ! They will be using this film as a reference for animation for years to come . This simply must be seen . 
Sniping noobs with a mini-Uzi is tiring work but someone needs to school them . 
Don't got work until Monday . Time to start drinking . 
I don't recall drinking liquid fire yesterday , but here we are ... 
The Canes have come out hungry for blood ! 
Why the F did Miami wait until the last two minutes to finally get their shit together ? 
Miami should not have even bothered showing up . What a horrible performance . Some folks better get their shit together before next year . 
Go Bowling Green ! I've enjoyed your Waffle House , motels , and restaurants . Who knew you had a college and a football team too ? 
So , watching Dragon Wars on Netflix streaming and my biggest question is why do the giant lizards with rocket launchers on their back wear leather spiked helmets with ear flaps ? 
Happy New Year , Facebook mofos ! 
\The little conversations ... if I tried my very best ... You know I never could say anything in twenty words or less . \"" 
The time of Fridays has come . And it was good . 
\I woke up to a gray day . The sun was somewhere in the sky but damned if you could tell where with the solid wall of clouds . A cold wind angled the rain and tore through my coat as if it wasn't there . It was a damned good day to stay in bed . So why was I out here getting wet ? \"" 
Getting drunk off your ass on White Russians and playing Modern Warfare 2 is a challenge . And one that I passed ! Even barely able to sit up in my chair and the noobs fell before me . 
Watching last night's episode of 24 . I see the Das Boot guy is the current bad boss . Can Spanish Conquistador zombie be far behind ? 
Just saw GI < PROPFIRST > movie . Wow , it was generated by rolling on the movie cliche tables apparently . Not even bad enough to be bad . It was amazingly mediocre and bland . 
Finished Mass Effect 2 . Now to go back and replay Mass Effect 1 and < PROPFEMALE > that character through to part 2 . Mwahahahahaha ! 
Still fighting this cold/flu of death . Going on almost a week now . 
Got a full physical ( and I mean full ;) and got antibiotics and drugs for this cold thing of death . Best news : I DON'T HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE ! NOW GET OFF MY ASS ! Will get results for blood work in a week . 
Worked a full day . Well , didn't work too hard . Drove up to < PROPMALE > in bands of crappy weather . Ate a meh meal with crappy service ($0 for the waiter ) . Time to crash in preparation of a full day of gaming . Oh , realized that I forgot my sneakers . We'll be hitting Walmart in the morning . 
Back from Megacon . Won a Gundam Crossbone X-1 fig from the Gundamn panel . Won a nice flip mat from Paizo during the RPGA games . Time for some rest . 
In a minis assembling mood . Time to get as much lead painted as possible before it wears off . 
This week seems to be taking its sweet time moving along . 
Running the D&D Gameday event at Cool Stuff SFL tomorrow at 1pm . Should be interesting and fun . 
Good turn out at D&D Gameday today . Ended up running a table of 8 because my back-up GM was ill . Hope to keep enough steady players to maintain 2 tables . I just wish the store actually did more to support our games . Hrrm . 
Monday . Feh . 
I don't know who thought that Tuesdays would be a good idea but they deserve to be punched in the face . 
Let the week of suck commence . :( 
I think I can see Friday just off in the distance ... 
Fingers crunchy from dried superglue . Stupid non-one piece miniatures . 
Trying to turn off an alarm with an arm that's asleep is a challenge . 
Played first game of Malifaux tonight . Tons of fun . My wife's kitten force tore through my dead hookers but they came back enough to eventually overpower them . 
Watched first volume of Gundam Unicorn . Now I have to wait until fall for the next . Dammit ! >_< 
Weekend's over but I finished assembling all of my Malifaux figures making up my second wave of Ressurectionists . Just need something for a flesh golem because I'm not too crazy about their model . 
Enjoyed a Hater Bot marathon during lunch today . Rapekit and Mr. Cheese ftw . 
Picked up the Doctor Who rpg . That is one tight little boxed set . No wasted box space so things don't rattle , includes dice , is full color , and is solidly designed all around . Now just need some fellow fans to play with . 
Yesterday felt like Friday at work with all the supervisors gone to some meeting . Today seems like it will feel like unnecessary crap day . >_< 
\I ain't got many friends left to talk to . No one's around when I'm in trouble . You know I'd do anything for you . Stay the night but keep it under cover . \"" 
I get a day off and I spend it being bored in my house . I hate unplanned free days . 
Changes fill my time . Baby , that's alright with me . In the midst I think of you , and how it used to be . 
\Sometimes I sit and I dream on for hours . Sometimes my hours they turn into days . I dream of a girl I once knew as a schoolboy . She is the one who could sing me away . \"" 
Got to run my home-made D&D adventure today . It got a lot of positive feedback and a good time was had by all . Much thanks to < PROPMALE > Donoghue of Evil Hat , whose Siege skill challenge I generously borrowed from . Now time to chill with some Rush . 
Almost forgot , my I'm Not Dead Yet report : went to endocrinologist last week . He said I was doing very well and took me off Gyburide/Metformin and the insulin injections . Now it's just Metformin 4xday instead . Also added Fish Oil 2xday to vitamins to see about taking me off Lisinopril . Follow-up in August . Things are looking up . Just need to keep losing weight as well . 
Time for the sleep of the Wicked . Mwahahahahaha ! 
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers . 
\I used to trust the media to tell me the truth ; tell us the truth . But now I've seen the payoffs everywhere I look . Who do you trust when everyone's a crook ? \"" 
\People always turn away from the eyes of a stranger afraid to know what lies behind the stare . \"" 
Been on an Operation : Mindcrime marathon this week . In case you couldn't tell . :) 
Today was the slowest day on record ... 
All day marathon in honor of Dio . 
\All my flavors are guaranteed to satisfy . \"" 
I swear , sometimes I can't figure out if I'm really smarter than I think I am or people are just even stupider than I believe . >_< 
I don't know what it means that VH-1 Classic has become the Heavy Fucking Metal channel these days , but I approve . 
Did laundry , ate a tuna sandwich , watched metal on tv , got caught up on 24 and Doctor Who . Good day all around . 
24 Series Finale : wussiest ending ever ! 
Gearing up for the trip to OASIS this weekend . 
Happy Birthday , old lady . 
Got back from OASIS last night . Interesting convention . Mix of ages and families . Very laid back feel . This was the old school sci-fi fans , the kind that get their sci-fi from books . Explains the older demographic . 
\Time's short . Your life's your own . And in the end we are just ... dust ' n ' bones . \"" 
Running two 4-hours D&D games and a weekly D&D Encounters game makes for a long but fun Saturday . 
Crap ! It's still not Friday . 
Sitting in a hospital room watching the World Cup . They're still diagnosing my father-in-law . 
So , update : < PROPFIRST > , my father-in-law , has a respiratory/pulmonary infection which can be treated with antibiotics ( good news ) . Still no conclusive verdict on the congestive heart failure . He may or may not be released tomorrow . They found white spots on his lungs from the cat-scan they did , so he's going to need to be tested to determine if they're lung cancer or not . That's all I know right now . 
Go Aussies ! 
Grr , AC now deciding to stop cooling ... 
Well , crap ! AC's compressor is fried . Need to get a new unit for the home . First my truck's transmission and now this . We're canceling birthdays and Xmas for the rest of the year . And we're roasting without AC in the meantime . 
Fucking crap ! Paid $1300 to get my clutch fixed and it's stuck now ! Someone's gonna get a new asshole torn out by me . 
So between truck repairs and a new AC for the house we've just added several thousands of dollars more to our debt . On the good side , they're coming tomorrow morning to install the new AC unit . 
Happy Father's Day ! 
\Do you want my blood ? Do you want my tears ? What do you want ? What do you want from me ? \"" 
Grace Jones is truly an under-appreciated artist . Nuff said . 
Saw The Last Airbender . It is as bad as you think it is . Even divorcing it from the series , it's just bad , plain and simple . So disappointing ... 
Stunned that Brazil choked like they did . Many horses will be grilled in celebration of the Dutch victory . 
Morning . Time for breakfast then a nap . 
Woohoo ! My Dresden Files rpg books arrived . All other business is canceled . 
Spain won the World Cup . Chili Cheese dip for dinner . Today was a good day . 
\I'm the new messiah . Death Angel with a gun . Dangerous in my silence . Deadly to my cause . \"" 
\I'll sing my song to the wide open spaces . I'll sing my heart out to the infinite sea . I'll sing my visions to the sky high mountains . I'll sing my song to the free ... \"" 
\I grew up fast . I grew up hard . Something was wrong from the very start . I was fighting everybody . I was fighting everything . But the only one I hurt was me . \ " -- Social Distortion " 
Packing up to head to Metrocon . Woot . 
Back from Metrocon . More to follow but I will say that it's nice to be able to take a poop using my own toilet again . Life's simple pleasures . 
Metrocon Observation : Metrocon is definitely better suited to the more ... intense otaku . It's less family friendly , IMHO , and definitely skeezier . This of course is a reflection of the mouth-breathers present and no fault of the location or organizers . Tampa just seems to be a larger weeboo magnet . 
Metrocon Observation : despite being located in downtown Tampa there are next to no places to eat outside of the Convention center . There was a Starbucks , a Champions in a hotel , and an < PROPFEMALE > Pub within walking distance . The food at the Con was reasonably priced , but wtf Tampa ? 
Metrocon Observation : there were a large number of crafty people selling their wares and they were pretty good , especially the Steampunk booth . However , most of the people who purchased tables at the Artists ' Alley probably shouldn't have . :/ 
Metrocon Observation : the amount of cross-dressing cosplay was very creepy . I have no problem with cross-dressing but these took it to a disturbing level . Nothing like going into the restroom and seeing a line of guys touching up their make-up ... 
What does it mean when research topics suddenly pop into your mind while bored at work ? 
It's now my birthday . Let the debauchery begin . 
In honor of my birthday I think everyone should take a drink for each year I've been alive . The less hardcore can spread this out over the month . ;) 
To quote Ice Cube : \Today was a good day . \"" 
Big ups for all the birthday well-wishing . 
Holy crap ! Piranha 3D ! I am so totally there !!! 
GenCon begins and I will not be there . I'll miss the fun but my wallet is breathing a sigh of relief . 
< PROPFEMALE > Coke Zero and Coconut Rum is mighty delicious ! 
I weep when I see how much property can be bought elsewhere for what we paid for our little condo . T_T 
Nothing like a light summer morning shower to turn the rest of the day into a hellish sauna . 
Red sauce , my old nemesis , you win this round again . 
Best bit from a comic book : \Worry not ... His very assholitude will ensure his survival ! Is it not a cosmic truism that assholes rarely meet the gruesome fates that they so richly deserve ? Therefore his agonizing death tonight remains unlikely at best ! \ " -- Empowered Vol . 1 " 
It feels like one of those nights to howl at the < PROPFEMALE > . 
Why is it that the mornings when you get to sleep just before the sun pops up are always the mornings that they come to mow the lawn ? >_< 
Rainy Sundays are made better with a stack of comics , a bag of Doritos , and < PROPFEMALE > Coke Zero . 
After a week of vacation , I am having difficulty believing in 4 in the morning as a reasonable time to wake up . 
\And then one day you find 10 years have gone behind you . No one told you when to run . You missed the starting gun . \"" 
\The captain crackles with the problems and the how's and why's . \ 
Preparing to copy all my data , wipe my machine and install Windows 7 . Heaven help me ... 
PC spent the day copying files over to my back-up drive . I guess I'll be spending the week with the rest of the install fun . 
The planning on how to make it to Gencon next year begins ... 
Turn A Gundam got licensed for US release ? Is there hope for Gundam X showing up someday ? 
New album by The Sword is out today . Face punchingly good . 
Why is it so hard to find a solid flat platform frame without frickin slats ? 
* sigh * I've come to realize just how little our shitty place is worth . T_T 
Got home yesterday and went to bed . Slept through to this morning . And I could still go back and sleep a few more hours . 
So tired . I just want to go to bed . 
The UM season begins Thursday . Time to see if we can capitalize on all the talent we've got . 
It all makes sense now . The real reason the Cylons wanted Adama killed was because they feared his Wolfen powers ! 
Taking care of a sick spouse today . :( 
Congratulations , DM . You killed my character . Your tactic of ignoring everyone else and beating my cleric into the ground even when I was already down was a stroke of genius . You've drained all < PROPFEMALE > to play this character ever again . You win D&D . Enjoy your well earned victory . 
OMFG ! Stop whatever you're doing and go watch Machete right now ! 
And iTunes completely resets everything with its new update apparently ... 
In a Social Distortion mood :\ 
\And I think about my loves 
\Just because they seem to understand the way you feel it\ 
My kingdom for a Trencher Chain Gun or Trencher Cannon ! 
Little helps settle the stomach like egg drop soup . 
The inevitable purging of the contents of my stomach has finally come to pass . I hope this means none of the carbs get counted . 
Boo ! 4 turn overs ! Failed field goal ! Way too many false starts ! WTF , Miami ?!?! 
Today's game : \Let's see what my stomach can hold down ! \"" 
Back to the gym today . So far nothing's feeling too crappy . Hope this lasts . 
Feeling all M . Bison today . Psycho Power levels are high . Perhaps I'll go visit some villages . Mwahahahahahaha !!! 
Where did the myth that \happy\ " is the default mode of life come from ? My default is neither smiling nor frowning . Is there something in other people's water supply ? " 
Double Win ! Got my copies of Mecha and Blood & Honor in the mail today . 
Quadruple Win ! Watched The Big Lebowski and finally got the last Concrete Blonde album I was missing . Today was a good day . 
I really need to develop time-stop powers , even if just to nap between clock ticks . 
\I'm your only friend\ 
I need to live where you can play the intro to \I Don't Like Mondays\ " and people my age instantly recognize the song . Any suggestions ? " 
There's no better way to stay awake than to be actively trying to sleep . Well played , Life . Well played . 
Take me now baby here as I am . Pull me close , try and understand . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > is hunger is the fire I breathe . Love is a banquet on which we feed . 
The men at the factory are old and cunning . \ 
You don't owe nothing , so boy get running . \ 
It's the best years of your life they want to steal ... 
Near TPK it tonight's Council of Thieves ' game . The gnome sorcerer wisely booked it and headed to get reinforcements . Next week : the rescue ! 
Starting to prep for the next chapter in the Council of Thieves adventure path , the Sixfold Trial . Need to print out the scripts and get the music ready . Mwahahahaha ! 
\I know you've been searching for someone to make you happy and get the job done ... \"" 
Watching < PROPMALE > Davidson & The Marlboro Man and my wife couldn't recognize < PROPFIRST > Rourke . Can't blame her . 
Yay ! My copy of Iron Tyrants just arrived ! 
What's the point in sleeping when you wake up more tired than when you went to sleep ? 
So very tired ... 
How can tomorrow not be Friday ?!? 
Wishing he was staying at home checking out the live Podhammer podcast rather than going to work . 
New router manages to keep a connection for more than 5 seconds . Good sign . Watched the new Avengers cartoon and the prelude episodes . Writing's pretty good . Very odd to see them replace the Nazis in WWII with Hydra , though . Wtf Disney ? And went back to stabbing people on the rooftops of < PROPFEMALE > in Assassin's Creed II . * snikt * 
Got under a dozen kids last night . New low . But on the bright side this means leftover Halloween < PROPFEMALE > ! 
\I'm a killer . A murdering bastard . You know that . And there are consequences to breaking the heart of a murdering bastard . You experienced some of them . \"" 
Okay , so this year < PROPFIRST > and I are staying home and not going anywhere for Thanksgiving . We're not going to race from one family to another . Feel free to start cursing us , yelling , etc ., but it ain't changing . 
\I knew the gun was loaded but I didn't think it killed . Everything exploded and the blood began to spill ... \"" 
Only Iron Maiden is metal enough to make a song about < PROPFIRST > the Great that rocks . 
Because one day isn't enough . \ 
\ 
\Civilian ways are now what's foreign to me . I came off a long tour ; I left this place in two o three . May we never forget the sacrifices my friends made for me . \"" 
Did you ever have a dream so vivid that you had dreams inside the dream ? And when you woke up your mind was still half in the dream and you weren't entirely sure you were really awake or still dreaming ? 
\It's days like this that push me over the brink . \ " \ 
Am I the only one that liked Ally Sheedy's character in the Breakfast Club a lot better before her make-over ? 
Registered for Megacon . Sadly this'll probably be the only trip we make out of town next year . 
\Bed's too big without you . Cold wind blows right through my open door . I can't sleep with your memory . Dreaming dreams of what used to be . \"" 
To quote < PROPFIRST > Rock : \Cornbread . Ain't nothing wrong with that ! \"" 
Despite not eating any Turkey , still so groggy ... 
Spent Black Friday avoiding the outside world and watching a lot of cartoons . New Transformers looks good , though the humans less so . New GI < PROPFIRST > is part A-Team/part fighting secret conspiracy . Young Justice was good but I don't know why they made Aqualad black and didn't just use Wonder Girl . And , the Avengers \Gamma World\ " two-parter was really good with Hawkeye showing what makes him awesome . " 
Spent most of the long weekend converting my machine over from XP to Windows 7 . Just finishing updating iTunes by resubscribing to all my podcasts then one final sync with my ipod . 
Why is it that people feel the need to keep shitheads alive after the apocalypse ? Once hell breaks loose the assholes of our world are my first target . 
3 lanes on the Palmetto closed . 2 and half hours to travel about 16 < PROPMALE > home today . New record of suck ! 
For those not in the know , my picture is of Captain Harlock from the original 1978 series which they brought over to the US and aired at 6 in the morning on weekdays . One of the first anime series , along with Speed Racer that I was exposed to . The dude's a space pirate with a giant ship , the Arcadia , and he has a sword that shoots frickin ' lasers . \ 
Cool Factor : over 9,000 !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > advice : blasting those that support you by lumping them in with the asshole portion of whatever group they happen to be part of through no fault of their own is a good way to strengthen your opposition and make yourself look like a whiny fanatic . 
Please tell me that my fellow Twin Peaks fans saw the \Dual Spires\ " episode of Psych this week ! OMFG this is awesome ! " 
Goodbye weekend , I hardly knew you . 
* sigh * I don't care what BS anyone tries to feed you , it all comes down to who you know . 
Fresh baked cookies on a cold night = WIN ! 
Today and tomorrow are going to suck in ways that few other days have sucked before . 
It was 31 degrees in Miami this morning when I walked out the door to go to work . There's something wrong with that . \ 
By which I mean the going to work part . I should've been in a warm bed until the sun came up . My body keeps wanting to go into hibernation mode ... 
Okay world , listen up ! it's much too cold for me to put up with your shit today . Consider yourself warned ! 
You know you're a geek when a video of all the gunpla in the Hobby Link Japan warehouse makes you weak in the knees . 
Well , the antibiotics have not prevented illness but have put it on a much accelerated timetable . Experience a URI in a matter of days rather than weeks ! 
\So you feel that you ain't nobody\ 
\They travel on the road to redemption . A highway out of yesterday -- that tomorrow will bring . \"" 
I'm just writing this week off as adjustment to the new year . 
Just woke up from an almost 12 hour hibernation sleep . I could go back for more . 
\Roll down the window 
Overwhelming urge to just get in the car and go anywhere . Feeling like a caged animal rattling around . 
Dear Comcast , seriously ? You expect me to believe that the inert piece of hardware that is my cable splitter somehow mysteriously went bad for no reason all of a sudden . Thankfully , I have enough experience stealing cable as a youth to know better and fixed the problem on my own . Thanks for grasping at improbable straws . 
Balancing dangerously on the edge of \so tired that you are no longer tired . \"" 
Finished \The Lies of Locke Lamora\ " yesterday . Damn good book ! Eagerly looking forward to starting the audio book of the sequel today at work . " 
Waking up with what feels like a hangover with sadly none of that nice drinking the night before . 
\Red snappers snappin'\ 
For my local peeps , giving away 1 < PROPFEMALE > sized mattress . You just need to help haul it away . 
No one wants a free mattress ? 
\The day we stop playing is the day we start getting old . \ " -- Twilight Zone " 
Didn't spend 4 hours watching the Super Bowl , and thanks to the Internet I didn't have to . I love living in the future . 
... I got nothing . 
\Peace is a lie . There is only passion . \ 
Got some good news but can't say anything yet . 
Wow , a night of nothing but nightmares . Today's gonna suck . 
The day seems even longer when you're frazzled and jumpy . 
It hurts my brain when people who were barely self-aware during < PROPFEMALE>'s administration sing his praises . >_< 
Holy crap ! It took me several minutes to recognize < PROPMALE > Boxleitner in this Syfy original , Area 51 . 
\In the days of my youth I was told what it means to be a man . Now I've reached that age I've tried to do all those things the best I can . \"" 
If you have to have a song stuck on auto-loop in your head , \Where Is My Mind\ " by the Pixies isn't a bad choice . " 
Finally saw Inception . It strangely echoed my feelings of unreality . 
Holy crap , the Army Painter dip is freakin ' magic ! After hitting it with some Dullcote even a half-assed painted fig comes out looking good . It's a beautiful thing . 
One day until MegaCon . Woot . 
Back from MegaCon . Tired . Woot ! 
\It's after midnight\ 
Let's just get this out of the way . YOU'RE NOT AS FUNNY AS YOU THINK ! Please don't share your lame attempt at humor this April 1st with the rest of us . 
Ate at IHOP , picked up a GW Daemon < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , read all 4 volumes of Irredeemable and all 3 of Incorruptible , and watched Lost Boys : The Hunger . Eclectic day . 
Is it weird that I enjoy the sore muscles and aches from working out ? Perhaps some latent sado-masochistic tendencies . ;) 
Spicy chicken nuggets and chili from < PROPFEMALE>'s for dinner . Really good and filling . Mayhaps my new staple for eating out . 
While setting up my new monitor I learned that my video card has a plug for a second monitor . Dual monitor set up engaged ! 
Rainy day + Chili = WIN ! 
Quick note on Game of Thrones : very faithful , I can respect the very minor changes ( child porn laws being what they are ) , and the production was good . I just wonder why they never showed Rickon . 
Mokei Senshi Gunpla Builders Beginning G is an awesome 3 part commercial for plastic robot model kits . It's toyeticness is only surpassed by its weirdness . 
\Stand and deliver ! Your money or your life ! \ " \ 
I'm not ignoring you , my cellphone randomly turns itself off and doesn't turn back on unless it's plugged into the charger . I'm about to dropkick this thing . 
Picked up some free weights . I just couldn't get used to the resistence bands . 
Watched the Shake Weight workout video . I'll be in my bunk . 
I can't believe how much shit is closed today . Even national holidays have more stores open . Oh , but some < PROPFEMALE > poops out chocolate eggs and everyone has to refuse to take my money . 
