is clean and he's pure -- so very mature ; he's never naughty or vain . On him all rely ; he's strong , do or die . Alas , he will never remain . 

To introduce our guest stars , that's what I'm here to do , so it really makes me happy to introduce to you : The Game ! 
Food should be packaged with individual serving sizes divided into increments of 100 calories . Like the metric system . 
loves everybody's pokemon profile picture picks 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . ( I'm jacking this from everyone else doing it now ! ) 
You hold me up . You hold me down and up and down and up and up and down . 
NEW FAD - - MEGA MAN BOSSES LAWL 
I made it through another year , and all I got were these lousy ties . 
< PROPMALE > Faucheux = gubernatorial 
has lost < PROPFEMALE > . 
Windows 7 trips me out . 
But I think we can all agree , the biggest load of poo was that balloon boy falcon who was not in the balloon . Just another year where we kept the world alive . We didnt pay attention but we somehow didn't die ... 
You're KILLING me , Smalls ! 
Mac : \Are you guys ok with racist jokes ? \ " < PROPMALE > and I : \ " We're quite tolerant of racism . \"" 
My hobby : not quite drying my hair when I get out of the shower , then pulling it all straight up . I leave it that way all day , telling people I'm \making a statement . \"" 
< PROPMALE > OF THE DOPPLEGANGER 
hit the sack at 8 , and didn't get up until a quarter til 8 . That's the way it should be . 
Braid = hardest/most intriguing platformer I've played yet . 
is playing Dynasty Warriors Gundam 2 in his underwear with his hair up . Again . 
But hanging on is easy when you've got a friend to call when nothing's making sense at all . You're not the only one who's afraid of change . 
Dear Diary , chinchillas sure are nocturnal . 
' s phone is dead . :'( 
spent five minutes trying to pull hairs off of his face in the shower when he remembered , \I'M GROWING A MUSTACHE . \"" 
No class until 3:50 + Laptop/DS with fun games - the fact that I won't be able to do this when classes start to really pick up steam = One last fun day . 
' s New Year's Resolution is to follow through on No-Shave November this year . For once . 
' s < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. Day Resolution is to make smaller resolutions arbitrarily after holidays or other important dates . 
thinks the mustache makes him look like a hobo . 
and everyone he knows would lose their minds if he Tweeted . 
just can't get over Mississippi's \-3/100 \"" 
wonders if his left eyelid has started to involuntarily droop at some point in his life . 
Hold your own . Know your name and go your own way , and everything will be fine . 
forgot to eat breakfast yesterday and to eat lunch today . 
has got to incorporate more nap time into his schedule . 
didn't get around to dinner last night ... :/ 
kind of missed breakfast this morning . 
is going to actually eat food . 
didn't have enough time to eat food before class . 
ate food . 
' s mustache is the secret to his Spanish accent . 
had too many York Pieces for breakfast @.@ 
thinks alarm clocks should mimic car alarms set off by enormous thunderclaps . 
After < PROPMALE>'s outbursts and purely accidental knocking over of stuff , I get the feeling the Saints just won . 
Apparently there are so many Saints fans where < PROPMALE > lives that he literally could not get a call on his cell phone to go through just now . 
Question : would you survive longer if the only thing you consumed were bottles of SunnyD and chocolate milk , or pop-tarts and water ? 
heard the sirens early this morning . 
Oh yeah ..! I beat Super < PROPFIRST > Bros . yesterday :D 
is omn-nomning on Sunbelt Granola Bars and Fruit & Grain Cereal Bars . It's like elementary school all over again . 
wonders if orange-flavored breath fresheners truly fail at freshening breath , or if we as a society have determined that breath is only fresh if it smells like one of a variety of mints . 
' s phone is dead . If you need to , you can get in touch with me through my brother . 
I've got a stranglehold on this decision . All those opposed can rot in Hell . Any day now the words will form a sentence . You'll be reduced to nothingness . We'll get through this mess together . Hand in hand . Shoulder to shoulder . Some may stumble . Some may fall behind . Well it's high time we stepped outside , dropped the gloves , and settled this like men . 
wonders when < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > microwaveable sausage biscuits got so good . 
can't help for whom he cares , but he can help those for whom he cares . 
would like to thank < PROPMALE > White for the < PROPFIRST > Link's Premium Cuts Teriyaki Beef Steak Nuggets . Lunch has been taken care of . 
292 songs on this playlist . 4 are by GYBE , and are each at least 18 minutes long . I always listen to music on shuffle . So why is it that on an average day , I'll hear two of them play all the way through ? 
jus < PROPMALE > know what to do wit hisself . 
Master Socket kidnapped my kiwi ! 
might not be able to attend conference calls with his cell phone :/ 
got soul , but he not a soulja . 
wishes there were an undo button on his razor . 
Apparently you have to check to make sure Cadbury Eggs aren't cracked , too . 
Cats rool . Dogs drule . 
figured out the secret to success : There's an \X\ " at the top-right corner of Facebook that lets you leave for as long as you're able to . " 
is pumped up ! He wants to practice break-falls >:D 
, for almost two whole seconds , thought it would take less effort to advance Time by one minute than to set his digital clock \forward\ " 59 minutes to be a little more accurate . " 
has been busy all day , but all he's finished is a bag of York Pieces . 
likes seeing all the people who became Facebook fans of the Saints after the Superbowl . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > , thanks for telling me about Omegle , but now it's 10:20 and I haven't even started studying . Love < PROPFIRST > ;P 
And the hardest part was letting go -- not taking part ... Oh , and I wonder what it's all about . Everything I know is wrong . Everything I do it just comes undone . And everything is torn apart . Oh and thats the hardest part . That's the hardest part ... 
hates eating with his mouth right now :( 
can't eat his food without a fork ! D:< 
hardcore dancing in chairs solves everything . 
if it's all the same , would really appreciate not getting fifty-leven status updates from Facebook today . Thanks , everybody . 
God help me somehow . There's no time for survival lef t--t he time is now ... Cause this might be your last < PROPMALE > to disco ... Oh-oh ... 
Guess it's time to get back to work ... 
< PROPFIRST > Faucheux + < PROPMALE > Smith = Best Buds 
is hiding in his room to get away from all the voices . 
eats the pizza because the pizza is there . 
Hey , < PROPMALE > . Watch me pull a rabbit out of my hat . \Again !? \ " Nothing up my sleeves ... Presto ! Hmm ... No doubt about it ; I've got to find a new hat ! " 
CAN dream , apparently . Boy , can he . . . 
Nothing here is set in stone . Nothing's ever set in stone . Everything I have some day will fall apart and fade away . 
Wait . I'm wrong . I can do better than this . I'll pay any cost . Save me from being confused . Please , show me what I'm looking for . 
LOL random status update lolololol 
Aeris's theme just came on Pandora . ftw . 
feels bizarrely peppy and talkative today -- even with just-acquaintances . 
essentially just wrote a two-page research paper on Leonhard Euler in three hours with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . We rock . 
keeps having bad dreams about zombie apocalypses ... 
I think it's funny that you have to choose to click \Ignore\ " in order to ignore a friend request . " 
is wondering what happened to all of his GOOD music . 
<(\)" 
What if you should decide that you don't want me there by your side -- that you don't want me there in your life . What if I got it wrong ? And no poem or song could put right what I got wrong , or make you feel I belong ? 
\What's with all these zippers ? No person should ever have that many zippers . I don't care what Fantasy it is ... \"" 
just finished reading Play Therapy . (..!) 
Ok guys . < PROPFEMALE > or Sapphire ? Which one's better ? 
has had his phone on silent for the last three hours o.o ; 14+ messages ... Lemme get on that ... 
Yogurt-covered raisins are only half as good the second day . 
Stuck inside your dream so long it wears you down and grows you cold .... and that's a fact . Cold light comes to clear the fog away from time to time .... but it'll be back soon . I used to think that justice had to rule for happy lives , but now I'm not so sure at all . 
I'm going to say it's just a phase of the < PROPFEMALE > and call it a night . 
feels bad :( 
has got to be honest : mullets scare him . 
Pictures . Pictures .... 
An apple cinnamon cereal bar , a strawberry cereal bar , a cinnabon cereal bar , a bottle of Welch's fruit punch , calcium supplement , fish oil supplement , and a softgel multivitamin . I sho nuff got breakfast taken care of . 
The took out the \y\ " because they don't want you asking that question ... " 
Your heart won't heal right if you keep tearing out the sutures . 
just experienced the thesis of this semester . And that's when I knew I was in the right place . And it didn't matter who else was or wasn't around . I had survived the Winter . 
had a dream where he was trying to explain the premise of Final Fantasy X to Mammy and < PROPFEMALE > as it was happening in real life . Also , for some reason I was Balthier . 
Inspirational thought of the day : So far away we wait for the day for the light source so wasted and gone . We feel the pain of a lifetime lost in a thousand days . Through the fire and the flames we < PROPFEMALE > on . 
is glad his name isn't obnoxiously long anymore . 
HOLD ONTO YO BUTTS 
Spanish . :( 
Spanish is over . :) 
Can anyone explain to me what \Intest . Fortitude\ " is ? " 
forgot Founder's Day was his birthday . Hoo-rah . 
Mind crush of the day : Silver Knight's a girl . 
will begin the day .... in half an hour . 
will begin the day ... after a shower . 
, I know what we're gonna do today ! 
is capable of operating a two-wheeled , pedal-powered vehicle that lacks a conventional device for steering it . A conventional device for steering it . A conventional device for steering it . 
LOL I JUST USED L33T ! I'M SO C00L 
Oh ruler , I make no difference . I've got no power in your kingdom . Your wisdom , your rule , your kingdom , trapped inside her . Show me some reason . I'll wake up . I'll need some answers . Silent curtain , show me some reason . Show me anything . 
can't tell if he's just tired or if literally every obnoxious person at this school decided to run into him today . 
I wanna stand up . I wanna let go . You know , you know - no you don't , you don't . I wanna shine on in the hearts of men . I want a meaning from the back of my broken hand . Another head aches , another heart breaks . I'm so much older than I can take . And my affection , well it comes and goes . I need direction to perfection , no no no no . Help me out . 
paperPAPERAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH 
Mango Melon =/ = Nirvana , SoBe . Way to fix what ain't broke . 
is sad because he cant go to grandy and pop-pops 
enjoys driving right at the speed limit when he knows a state trooper is following him down a small two-lane road . That's called passive aggression , kids . 
\You're doing a fine job here . \ " \ " Thank you . \ " \ " I was being sarcastic . \ " \ " I was being indifferent . \ " \ " You're very good at that too ... \ " \ " Merci . < PROPFEMALE > l'indifference!\ "" 
<3 
wasn't very good at waking up this morning . 
I don't WANNA go t ' school ! >:( 
ate his salad just like a < PROPFEMALE > . A real one ! 
The shrimp in my shrimp salad ( which was eaten like a < PROPFEMALE > , albeit one who eats shrimp ) are retaliating in my nose-throat area :( 
needed a less ridiculous status 
Something's missing . 
does not condone the use of performance-enhancing JUICEs . 
And I'm not gonna take it back . And I'm not gonna say that I don't mean that . You're the target that I'm aiming at . But I'm nothing on my own . 
Mistakes become regrets . I've learned to love abuse . 
Don't wake me ; I plan on sleeping in . 
It doesn't matter when . It may rain or it may shine . You will always be here , stored inside my mind 
Cause every time a teardrop falls , it's kicking up dust in our world of pain . 
feels a little growing up would fix this feeling . 
I saw her today at a reception , a glass of wine in her hand . I knew she would meet her connection . At her feet was her footloose man . 
I dreamt that I was spending a day with my favorite people , when without reason , I violently lost The Game :P 
wonders if dyslexia makes it especially difficult to code :/ 
In a car with a girl , promise me she's not your world , cause , < PROPMALE > , you're a < PROPFEMALE > in nobody's eyes but mine . 
Cause I still believe in miracles ; I swear I've seen a few . And a time will surely come when you see my point of view . I believe in silver linings . That's why . 
fears he will have no trouble being loud and obnoxious today . Viewers beware , and woe be to any ignorant fool who crosses me . : D 
reads < PROPFEMALE > Young's emails and hears them in her concerned negotiating voice . Just saying ... :) 
o.o ! Avenue Q in New Orleans !? 
, Lord help him , is craving hummus . 
just walked into a gas station restroom and had a hard time distinguishing the urinal from the sink ... Poor design ... 
figures everyone would want to know he had a dream about zombie-everythings , secret organizations that sacrifice its workers in order to empower the leader with extreme zombie power , and pokemon . 
Under capitalism , man exploits his fellow man . Under communism , the opposite is true . 
CONSERVATIVE LIBERTARIAN 
How come wrong < PROPFIRST > are never busy ? 
My last thought before I go down sinking is the best way out is to just keep drinking 
I don't remember much these days , but I will remember you . 
wonders why Gnarls Barkley isn't more popular 
Well . That was reductive . 
If you don't hear from me today , don't be alarmed . 
I know this is COMPLETELY random , but I sure would love to learn sign language . 
I thought what I'd do was , I'd pretend to be one of those deaf-mutes 
One thing I learned from my dad : always drive with your knees at 4 and 8 :p 
These are my principles . If you don't like them , I have more . 
There's no shame in being crazy 
I can do anything , anywhere with anyone at anytime . Don't you forget : this is my life , and it's gonna be good , don't you know . 
really wishes he had the power to talk to feral cats 
would just like to thank < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for indirectly introducing him to Barely Political . He's not sure if he'll make it to class on time anymore :P 
just became USM's Psychology Club President . 
just finished reading \Plato and a Platypus Walk into a Bar . \ " :) " 
just talked to < PROPMALE > for the first time since Friday . 
All I ever want is for the people I care about to be happy . I don't even have to be the one who makes them happy . In fact if I had my way I'd never be the cause 
just discovered a single pill of his calcium supplement contains 60% DV of calcium and 100% DV of vitamin D . 
almost went 24 hours without a status update : O 
feels better knowing that he feels better not knowing what's going on with a few old friends . 
Thank you for using your turn signal , ma'am , but next time use it before you pull out in front of me -- not during the action . 
was almost backed into by a McCain-Palin bumper sticker . There might've been a vehicle attached to it , but to be honest , he wasn't paying attention to that . 
What sent this auto swerving into the loneliest evening ? 
-- The Motion Picture Soundtrack , is a burn mix that finally gently caresses his soul up . 
is something very similar to < PROPFEMALE > Young today . 
has a 65daysofstatic song for every occasion 
Read it . Live it . Love it . 
is in such a gaming mood right now it's almost ridiculous . 
C'est mon vie 
The last few years have been remarkably similar to a cycle of getting hit by a bus , standing back in the road , then hoping I don't get hit again . 
The wheels just keep on turning . The drummer begins to drum . I don't know which way I'm going . I don't know what I've become . 
knows when there's a full < PROPFEMALE > because it keeps him up all night . 
feels good for being able to identify that one of the songs in 28 Days Later was done by GY ! BE . 
wants to make a copy of this for you . 
doesn't want to have to wail until 28 years later . 
Social diversity panels ftw 
uses inferior duct tape . Either that , or wind is super-effective . 
traded two hours , muscle tissue , and half a roll of duct tape for a couple hours of reading , a dry throat , tan lines , and zero dollars worth of sold raffle tickets . 
I don't care if it's five minutes . 
I can't believe how nice that was 
wishes he had a friend he could call to pick up a hamburger for him , for a change :( 
is double full . Double quarter pounder is double one-fourth lbs of meat . That's like half . 
Yeah . I guess I am feeling pretty good today :) 
The only other guy in Jaybirds with me has had a few beers , and is now standing in front of the muted tv while absentmindedly shaking his butt to the music . GMH 
I watch my step cause I stand where you fall . 
Five cd's I've never heard of for $7.50 ? Now that seems reasonable . 
Dear Eywa , please don't let any centipedes crawl up my shorts while I'm sleeping tonight . Thanks . Love < PROPFIRST > . 
On your < PROPFIRST > ... Get set ..... Blah . 
One by one the ships come sailing in 
kinda lacks faith in his research proposal's validity now :'( 
sho nuff burnt half his taste buds off . Things taste different when you can only taste half of it . 
You put me on a line and < PROPMALE > me out to dry , and darling , that's when I decided to go to sea . You cut me down to size and opened up my eyes -- made me realize what I could not see . 
is pulling the trigger .... 
needs another bookshelf : x 
is really bummed now :'( 
Don't make plans ; you'll just end up disappointed 
I don't want to set the world on fire ... 
is at IHOP when he really shouldn't be 
is fall down now . 
It's a good day to drive . 
only ever accomplishes anything when he's procrastinating . 
hopes the < PROPFEMALE > takes debit . 
... it was a blank , with minimal burn . I'd call it a success if I thought I deserved as much . 
Is it too soon for a post-reinforcement pause ? 
likes the cafeteria's pancakes more than IHOP's cream cheese pancakes . Just saying ... 
Love is , like everything else — like the quality of the carrots today at the vegetable shop on the corner — happy or not , an accident . 
I just read one of the greatest video game articles I've ever come across , and I just realized that the only person who could really appreciate it or \have time for it ... \ " Well ... " 
is pretending like he can feel the Truth instead of studying . 
What's the point in being smart when other people are geniuses ? I'm just clever enough to know I'm a relative fool 
My music has changed about as much as I have over the last few years . 
I hate those dreams where things are just the way they ought to be and nothing more fantastic than that . 
I thought it was rude . I couldn't tell you why . 
I just realized this is the last morning I'll wake up in this room . I really don't believe this is going to end , do I ? 
I just ripped open a bag of Kellogg's Mixed < PROPFIRST > Fruity Snacks bigger than the palm of my hand , and inside I found literally nine typically-sized gummies . That is all . 
loves knowing that there is an hones t-t o-goodness correlation between ice cream sales and murder rates . 
is saying goodbye , room 
Wow . Another hair sitting right on top of my order . What is up with eating establishments these days ? 
The End . 
I'm about to get on my first plane :D 
I love it . 
If you liked hearing from me , you should try returning the favor . Heart . 
< PROPMALE>'s not here . 
My hobby : standing in the back of other people's pictures and picking my nose to give them something to laugh about later 
I would dig a turtle plague 
Real life is messy , inconsistent , and it's seldom when anything ever really gets resolved . It's taken me a long time to realize that . 
Whoo ! An A in Research Methods and a B in everything else ! Not bad :P 
Secret Curse : unsingable song , < PROPFEMALE > weird , getting it wrong , pussy when tender and brutal when strong , and I'm losing my friends as we're getting along , and I really do try to run that fast and long , but it gets there first 
Sometimes ... Sometimes I forget . Most of the time , really . Most of the time I've forgotten . But not always . 
might drag Brookhaven before he goes home 
just got tea-bagged by a cpu Toon Link . 
Reading Watchmen before watching the movie was definitely the right move . 
is a < PROPFEMALE > pet today . 
SLEEP DEPCON 2 
Shes been born into the wrong time . She keeps nonsense on her mind . She's a poet . She's a builder . She's as bored as bored can be . Shes a have-not . Shes a know-all . She knows just how to say yes . Shes skating frozen chaos ' till the no-good gods are dead . 
It rained just in time 
Oh , ruler , I make no difference ; I've got no power in your kingdom . Your wisdom , your rule , your kingdom trapped inside her . 
I wanna stand up . I wanna let go . You know , you know . No , you don't , you don't . 
This could be heaven or this could be Hell 
Wow . Best . Burger . Ever . But now I'm ten degrees of full and sleepy 
I'm so nefarious 
For all of you who like updating with song lyrics , have you ever even thought of trying to quote Lady Gaga ? Jesus . 
I don't want to battle from beginning to end . I don't want to cycle or recycle revenge . I don't want to follow you and all of your friends 
And it'll happen once again . I'll turn to a friend -- someone that understands and sees through the master plan . But everybody's gone 
HERE'S A COUPONETTE FOR A PUNCH TO THE FACE . 
feels like going to Brookhaven for dinner tonight . Anyone else interested ? 
IS NOT , A GUN . 
Thanks , that was fun . Don't forget : no regrets , except maybe one ... 
wants to get the whole collection of Pixar movies and try to remember what they were like . 
Just saw \Interests : Twilight ' Saga ' \ " and sort of reflexively threw up in his mouth " 
HIGH POINT 
won't finish anything , but he just might start everything . 
Croco's dousing a tail fire . 
We hope you enjoyed your stay . It's good to have you with us even if it's just for the day . Outside the sun is shining . Seems like heaven ain't far away . 
just got the most pleasant surprise from < PROPFEMALE > A . :D Thank you so much ! :) 
is was here . 
It's miraculous what vehicles these days are capable of when one drives them in something besides low gear 
Real Fact #880 : A < PROPFEMALE > flytrap can eat a whole cheeseburger . 
is bringing back the < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > grunt . 
wishes someone were in Wesson this morning 
would like to take this time to congratulate everyone but Liam for being American . Go u.s. ! 
dragging < PROPFEMALE > any time before 10:30 pm is just not worth it . 
misses you guys . 
Wear a shirt inside-out . 
I was looking up some cool Mother 3 music earlier\ 
\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeZO025SN1c 
' s brothers are ridiculous and fail at sleeping . 
Amethyst is the answer . 
... Sometimes it makes me want to laugh ... 
an't type te letters ,, or . ( Loe it < PROPFEMALE > tis appens ) 
accidentally discovered that turning up the volume is not the same as accelerating . Or at least , one does not cause the other . 
pulls out his magic map . 
For -- FIVE ... long -- SHORT ... need -- ELBOW ... 
Ever been cut off by an 18-wheeler ? It's one of those few scenarios where road rage takes a back seat to common sense , and , possibly , genuine fear . 
I've got a lot of experience in being a follower . 
Real Fact #778 : Some bears build nests in trees for sunbathing and resting . 
ain't got no worries ' cause he ain't in no hurry at all 
My sternum hurts . 
Fuzzy pickles 
Lol guys , guess what I lost the game !!!!!! LOLOLOLOL !!!!! 
Now that we're done ... 
is not a good person . 
I wake up at 5 am . I so don't need those dreams that I used to have . 
wonders if a cold bubble bath is better than a cold shower 
is really craving Chick-fil-a lemonade right now ... Darn . 
Good morning , starshine ! The earth says ... \ 
Uh ... \ 
Where is everybody ? o.o 
I'll write you a song , and I hope that you won't mind because all the names and faces I have taken from real life . So , please don't be upset at this portrait that I paint . It may be a little biased , but at least I spelled your name right . 
What do you wanna do today ? 
is a horrible father ... 
< PROPMALE > just showed me I have a button on my keyboard that ejects my cd tray :O 
is a si xuehcuaF yeroC 
Nobody said it was easy ... 
is the last great apostle of rugged individuals . 
You'll go backwards , but then you'll go forward , again . You'll go backwards , but then you'll go . 
I'm hanging in there for you , < PROPMALE > . Don't keep me waiting long . 
Real Fact #873 : President < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > had a pet parrot that he named ' Washington Post . ' \ " , 201 0-0 8-14 20:12:00 " 
Today is the last episode of Haruhi 
Guess school's back in now . 
LAT 101 H002- Beginning Latin 1 -- Mo 6:30 - 9:00 PM LAB 109 // PHI 151 H006- Intro to Philosophy -- Tu 6:30 - 9:00 PM LAB 102 // PSY 374 H002- Educational Psychology -- Tu/Th 11:00 AM - 12:15 PM OMH 105 // PSY 423 H001- Group Procedures -- Th 6:30 - 9:00 PM OMH 100 
Real Fact #762 : A duck has three eyelids . 
Throwing out gold here 
\Is that my worry ? What's right ? Ironic that all my intelligence doesn't help me solve a problem like this . \"" 
The answer : \Correlation does not necessarily indicate causation . \ " The question ..? " 
Keep it the same . I fear I may lose you again . I know you won't . It's just that I'm unorganized . I wanna find you if something should happen . 
is sick of Genki Rockets now . 
So .. Cup of coffee plus new 360 equals no sleep til 4 
Real Fact #837 : The most widely-eaten fruit in < PROPFEMALE > is the banana . 
is Haruhi Suzumiya . 
wonders if he should trim his eyelashes . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hWTFG3J1CP8 
loves the taste water has when it reminds you it's necessary for your life . 
awaits rescue . 
Real Fact #887 : The \Valley of Square Trees\ " in Panama is the only known place in the world where trees have rectangular trunks . " 
wishes it were just a ruse . 
drove through ghosts to get here . 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status word for word and see if they notice 
There are some remedies that are worse than the disease . 
The days go by so quickly that I don't feel like I can justify changing into a fresh pair of clothes already . Then I think about it , and inevitably my thoughts become , \Oh . Yeah .... \"" 
It's been four years since I contracted mono by drinking tonic water after Pake Redditt . Cheers ! 
How is it that I'll check my phone neurotically all day long and only get fb updates , but the one hour I don't keep my phone on me , I get 5 messages ? 
Unexpected side-effect of having Camp < PROPFIRST > down the road from Wal-Mart : there are no medium-sized boxer-briefs in this store . 
, personally , is just glad < PROPMALE > didn't go too far . 
Live green or die . 
You're so cool 
ABBABAABBAABABBABAABABBAABBABAABBAABABBAABBABAABABBABAABBAABABBA BAABABBAABBABAABABBABAABBAABABBAABBABAABBAABABBABAABABBAABBABAAB BAABABBAABBABAABABBABAABBAABABBAABBABAABBAABABBABAABABBAABBABAABABBABAABBAABABBABAABABBAABBABAABBAABABBAABBABAABABBABAABBAABABBA 
One sign you've played too much Pokemon : you find yourself wondering if you can make your cat forget Scratch and Bite . 
Real Fact #720 : Fresh apples float because 25 percent of their volume is air . 
Everyone knows what went down cause the news was spread all over town , and fact is only what you believe cause fact and fiction work as a team . 
Try to remember these days down the road and try to remember this time . 
Is . Truth is . 
lost his mp3 player :( 
Masks reveal what they are intended to conceal . 
Real Fact #746 : The only insect that can turn its head is a praying mantis . 
Big Apple , 3 AM 
TWENTY-EXTY-EX ! 
, shutting down . 
woke up feeling kind of crummy this morning :( 
is the kind of person who makes sure to look both ways when crossing a one-way street . 
That's why Facebook is so popular : it offers a medium for you to interact with people while reserving the ability to retract your thoughts , and in turn , your responsibility to them . 
Justin : \I'M A BUMAMANCER ! NOT THE GAY ONE ! \"" 
And it is way too unhealthy . Often , they've typically been starved for attention before . 
There will be an entire generation of elderly African American men with hearing problems 
Early morning showers for the w(h)in(e) ! Yeah ! >:O 
just got six 1-ups . 
Happy birthday , < PROPMALE > . \ 
~ 
Minty brushed teeth . Refrigerated pizza . Cold marinara sauce . Italian spices competing with solid cheese . Now there's a fun thought . 
These changes ain't changing me , the gold-hearted boy I used to be . Help me out . You know you gotta help me out . 
Hi , I'm calling for a quote ... I need a quote ... Just trying to get a quote ... 
This was not a good day for being productive . 
Lost and cryingin a corner of the toy store because Mama disappeared before I noticed . A nice stranger tried to help me but I totally didnt expect that . Even now Im still shadowed by that kind of unease . I still can't forget that time . Nobody'll come and find you no matter how lonely you are . They won't announce that you're lost . There's no such promise beyond the door but let's go anyway because it's my rebirth day . 
People keep needing ambulances . 
Don't make plans 
Real Fact #796 : < PROPFEMALE > has more English speakers than the United States . 
It always felt like it ended with a rainy day . 
Day mau wahau sa ? hou da veini 
When I'm listening to music , just pretend like I'm in church , if that helps anything . 
woke up to sirens . 
apologizes for the sunshades thing 
Facebook updates account for at least 70% of the texts I receive in a day . 
is out questing for milk ! 
Some day , all those trees will be stone . 
Real Fact #903 : The first TV toy commercial aired in 1946 for Mr. Potato Head . 
To whom it may concern : I'll be heading home tomorrow afternoon . 
I felt the autumn air reclaim me . The chirp of a bird . The whisper of leaves . And I was frozen ... to the face of the earth . 
Make a wish ! 
Side note : Why can my phone spell \normative\ " when it can't spell \ " owl ? \"" 
Latin ? Pssh . More like , No Latin ! LOL . 
is gay . I will be participating in National Coming Out Week because we deserve better . 
\Facebook and Twitter trumpet the trivial and make the momentous just part of the flow . \"" 
feels like an armored core that just installed new lower leg stabilizers with great calibration control . 
Stupid mosquito , nobody makes me bleed my own blood except me ! 
believes in the value of democracy . Therefore , let's put this to a vote : should I do any work today ? 
Excuse me . Could you move , please ? Whoever you are . Just because you're wearing a tie , doesn't mean to say you're bloody important . 
Real Fact #712 : 100% recyclable , old newspapers are great for washing windows . 
wishes some people would stop from now on before they say upsetting things and realize how jealous other people might be about how lucky some people are 
If you like spaghetti , you're going to love this tweet ! 
Pump up the peculiar while I yell unique . If you're wondering what you look like , look at me . 
Sanity is not statistical . 
Something's up with < PROPFIRST > . Something's up with < PROPFIRST > . Don't know when we're ever going to get him back . 
remembers being taught simply to use context clues while reading when he didn't know the meaning of a word . Tres idiot . 
Why do cats get to bug you all night , then sleep all day while you're gone ? :( 
hopes the only people who come in today are Freshmen who haven't had a < PROPMALE > to develop any serious problems in any area . Cross your fingers for me , folks 
wishes he had a chalupa . 
wonders if the efficiency of water absorption in plants increases with a reduced presence of sunlight . 
sleeps all the time on the beech . 
deserves to drop a few . Even the experts do . I deserve it , too . I mean , wouldn't you ? 
What yesterday ? 
Experts : at what point in autumn does it become hoodie weather ? 
is not terribly open-minded when it comes to the activities of close-minded people 
Two things keep convenience store cashiers in business : tradition , and inherent human greed 
It don't rain in Hattiesburg , no matter what they say . The pain never washes away . 
is going to invest in transparent furniture when he grows up . 
I think I might like it here 
done good today . Now for zzzzzz 
All aboard for the westbound train to Meadville ! All < PROPMALE>'s ride for free ! 
And you shine just like a < PROPFEMALE > when you give them the best of you . And you cry and you wonder why . Who will take the rest of you ? 
Secret Curse . Unsingable song . < PROPFEMALE > weird . Getting it wrong . Pussy when tender and brutal when strong , and I'm losing my friends as we're getting along , and I really do try to run that fast and long , but it gets there first . 
IS ENTERING A WORLD OF PAIN . 
Latin , sometimes ... Sometimes you ain't so bad . 
There's a storm on the way , and it's comin no matter what I say 
has a project in mind , but wonders when he can make time . 
Audio synesthesia combined with hydrophillic debriefing . For best results , experience rarely 
Situations in which \your's\ " is correct : ( 1 ) quoting material from other people ( hopefully ); ( 2 ) Never . " 
Happy Birthday . I never was able to keep the exact day straight . 
Procrastinators ... leaders of tomorrow . 
Dear Facebook , Please tell < PROPMALE > Smith that he is the best . 
I lost the GAME . Y'know . THE GAME . LOLOL 
I don't understand you . I cannot understand you . I don't understand the things you say . I can't understand a single word . 
is a Trick-or-Treating monk . 
When belief does not control your most important decisions , it is not belief in the underlying reality , it is belief in the usefulness of believing . 
Lol ... oh , Facebook ... Guess I don't know Spanish as well as I thought .... How many friends did I accidentally delete just now ...? Sorry , everyone ! 
NO-SHAVE NOVEMBER !! 
drinks the hemlock ; there's no going back now . 
\Parts of the Southern Miss web site are temporarily down for maintenance . We anticipate the maintenance to end and the site to return to normal functionality by 11:00 CDT . \ " = ARGGH . ARE YOU KIDDING (?)" 
is so excited , he's going to throw up . 
LGBTQRSTUVWXYZ 
Everyone should give < PROPFEMALE > Cangemi an e-five . 
Could really sleep some good sleep if he could sleep 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Faucheux : Thank you , Mom ! You couldn't have picked a better week to get me the best raincoat ever :) 
If I can admit to only one limitation , it's a lack of initiative 
is locked in Millsaps College . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . Just sayin . P.S. I love you 
I know you won't . It's just that I'm unorganized , and I want to find you when something good happens 
Real Fact #797 : In Youngstown , Ohio , it is against the law to run out of gas . 
is about to be interviewed on the USM radio show thing . I don't know , either 
88.5 
40.5 
Try to remember these days down the road , and try to remember this time . 
This is Scribbler 
I'm really ready for this week to be over .. Or at least I'm ready for it to stop feeling like it's Friday 
< PROPMALE > is a good cat 
needs some goggles , cause he's rockin < PROPFEMALE>'s hair . 
I have just joined Friendfactor ! http://www.friendfactor.org/lIX 
I think I'd rather just go crazy after all 
\Like\ " this if you like things that don't make sense to you . " 
I , I am a time bomb , and I only live in that one moment in which he died . It's not right . It's not what I wanted then , but you and I know there's no going back 
I , I am a lost soul , and I , I send out a sickened light for anyone to see . A cry for help . I wanted to stay away . 
But I know that anger's all right . Bitterness , no . Cold , uncontrollably sad , and unable to let go . Well this should be as easy as telling a scab from a scar . 
Well . I don't know . 
Oh . Wow . Dumbo is 70 years old . 
Real Fact #706 : Steel is 100% recyclable . 
Gaudeam . 
Anxiety is afraid , yet it maintains a sly intercourse with its object , cannot look away from it ... It is a < PROPFEMALE > for what one dreads , a sympathetic antipathy 
This delusion of danger , and the illusion that something can or has to be done , that someone-British cows , Canadian farmers , Firestone , Saddam Hussein -- 
-- must be brought to account in order to give us back control , is literally making us all crazy . 
In our time we think weve relinquished the nonsense of monsters . But they remain within our society , and children see them . Erlking : pedophile ; fable : headline 
is setting his alarm for the meteor shower . 
Failclouds , don't bother me ! 
It was like swimming through a dark ocean with my lips , that presentation . 
First boy with a cape spotted . Joy ! 
I saw < PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1 last night , and -- not to spoil anything , but -- Dumbledore dies . 
You know that feeling when you realize something you really needed to do is physically impossible , and you're suddenly a little bit lighter ? 
Everyday .. There's always something else 
just realized why the Peach got hair when nobody else did . 
\Take out a sheet of paper . \"" 
Catnip is fantastic 
Warcraft . Warcraft never changes . 
misses shaving :'( 
It's a coffee stain on Earth everytime it happens . Liven up , < PROPFEMALE > , it ain't that bad . 
Lol . Milkshake ' cause it's rollin ' around in my car 
is going to bed before he pisses off someone else tonight . 
See ? That wasn't so hard . 
But how does it feel to misunderstand how you might think about not knowing what to believe ? 
picked the wrong week to leave the xbox at home . At least he deemed his laptop \Essentially conducive to the educational process . \"" 
puts the sup in support . 
Sidem oonsi demoon . Welc welc omewelc omeome 
brushed his teeth this morning , then began to feel hungry right afterwards . 
It's a cool place , and they say it gets colder . You're bundled up now , but wait til you get older . But the meteor men beg to differ , judging by the hole in the satellite picture . 
I don't think Bad Romance was ever meant to be heard in the men's locker room 
I wanted to walk through the empty streets , and feel something constant under my feet , but all the news report recommended that I stay indoors . 
can't wait to be home 
Everybody , everybody ! Everybody , everybody ! Everybody , la-di-do-dee-dohh ! Everybody , la-di-do-dee-dohhh ! 
forgot how badly he wanted to have a secret handshake with somebody 
345 : \ 
Early on , I heard someone say , Sometimes the only people I like in the world are [ 345 ] . Even if that's not the actual quote , it was what I was saying this year . We haven't gotten to spend enough time together , but despite that , you're one of my favorite people . I'm glad I've been able to talk to you about some deep stuff , and I apologize for stealing your date I'm not going anywhere , if you're not . 
My lowest grade was in karate , and I'm pretty sure it's a way to motivate us to try harder . I swear , it's a class for masochists . 
wonders if there would be a noticeable difference in the world if , everyday , each of us told one other person something constructive or called them out somehow 
... rather than be fearful of formalities or overly persuaded by pleasantries , for God's sake , somebody tell me the Truth . Start here : How am I doing ? 
You . Him . Stillman . Your name is Stillman . 
My lizard . My choice . 
God , bless our Wal-mart employees 
It's those < PROPFEMALE > little sparks . 
That'll do , pig :) 
For some reason I was more tired of being horizontal than I was tired . 
No bubbles here 
Best Potential Guild ever :) 
Anyone got old Shonen Jumps ? I recommend you burn them , though not for the sake of getting rid of them . 
Oh lawd . I have to classify my songs if I want to upload them to Newgrounds . I honestly don't know what they would fall under , besides \almost like old video games \"" 
Goood tiiimes 
< PROPFEMALE > Young \ 
I'm < PROPFIRST > Fo'sho , and I approve this day 
is pretty puzzled . 
I had a dream about a B-movie monster minivan . 
Apparently this desk is Reversible . I hope that means repairable 
must have jetlag 
Meeting Dates :\ 
1/18/2011-\ 
5/13/2011\ 
Someone explain to me what this means . 
didn't expect it to feel like that . 
Cobertura total < PROPMALE > area para sentarse ! Espuma compacta para mas comodidad ! Microgamuza suave ! 
I think I made it in 1st place . 
I don't think I was resting . I think I was waiting . 
doesn't mind letting the laptop heat up , for once , this morning . 
has never watched a train wreck , and neither have you . 
Don't cheer when someone drinks liquor . Cheer when someone takes a vitamin . 
You are now Away : Away 
65daysofstatic 
Apparently sneaky photo taggers are sneaky 
My first time in vegas . 
TEAM PENGUIN 
Real Fact #715 : In one day , a full-grown oak tree expels 7 tons of water through its leaves . 
Anybody know how to crack a cheap combination lock ? 
Woah whu- ? Class ? Forget you , man . I ain't got no class . \ 
... fine . 
has been recognized twice today as the president of the Psychology Club 
Real Fact #702 : On average , a laptop uses half as much energy as a desktop computer 
had a dream that < PROPFEMALE > Obie Griffith wrote a play that became a musical , which was remade as a screenplay musical ( screenmusical ? ) starring her and other girls from her school as they try to decide what to do with their summer break . Witty banter and dance < PROPFIRST > abound . 
USM Appeals Committee : every program remotely involving \sports\ " or \ " athletics\ " received unanimous votes to deny elimination " 
don't care what they say about us anyway ; he don't care ' bout that . 
\Money causes hunger . \"" 
I had a dream that a good friend of mine and I were grabbing dinner with someone I knew . While we were there , a group of waiters came to our table and began to sing to the other person -- a __ gram from someone the other person was really close to , who happened to be sitting a few tables over . The other person went to sit by his close friend , and they talked for a long time . 
forgot it was Monday 
Half of the time we're gone , but we don't know where , \ 
And we don't know where . \ 
Here I am ... 
Silversun Pickups . Awesome Nikes . < PROPMALE > Henson . Analog Things . Antiques . Vegans . Buzz cuts . < PROPFIRST > shorts . Eating outside . Deep-cut v-necks . iPhones . Hand-rolled cigarettes . Bed bugs . Roller skates . Wine . Tight jeans . Faux-suits . Baby < PROPFEMALE > Choi . VIDEO GAME TATTOOS . PLAID . 9/11 jokes . Roller derby . Dodgeball . Huffington Post . Farmer's Markets . 
But if you left it up to me , everyday would be a holiday from real . 
If I decided to double-major .. I just realized it would be Psy/Phi 
Adjective(Noun ) = Adjective 
Y'know what ? Screw Environmental Ethics . It's time to farm giraffes for leather . 
had forgotten that the Superbow is the world's most watched sporting event in the whole world it's even more than the World Cup because people in < PROPFEMALE > , even they watch the Superbow 
is proud of his spam tonight . 
would love to tap into his Co-Lin Wesson connections for something ... Anyone available to talk for a bit ? 
We sat on a shoreline , watching wind scalp the white off the waves . Sitting on a shoreline . And if i could do it , I'd dog ear this < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yo what's up man ? I uh , I don't know i just wanted to say that uh , everything's cool with me now , I mean i just think , I think I'll always be funky , can't stop being funky , but I guess we just deal with it how it comes , deal with the humps , take the jumps , I feel like you're an island of reality in an ocean of diarrhea . And I love you < PROPMALE > . Ok . Bye . 
Crisp whole wheat & bran flakes with delicious nut-covered raisins and slivered almonds . 
is getting people's status updates now , ya . 
is connecting to the internet with his mind . 
\In the world of old memories ... There's no room for visitors . \"" 
Real Fact #917 : The average lead pencil can draw a line 35 < PROPMALE > long or write roughly 50,000 English words . 
The . Best . :) 
K3U2 
Strange , funny , and heartrending . 
is literally being pushed around by his awesome wind 
Frustration sets in . 
Coop DeVille ! 
AND , UH , I STILL REMEMBER IN MY MIND HOW THINGS USED TO BE , AND ... UH , YOU KNOW , I FEEL VERY BAD . 
Yes , indeed , your life is on fire . 
It's a league game , Smokey . 
I loved this : 
Jaws clenched tight , we talked all night . Oh , but what the hell did we say ? 
Funny the way it is , if you think about it . Someone's heart is broken , and it becomes your favorite song . 
What's the difference between stress and distress ? 
If I tell you I'm strong , will you play along , or would you see I'm as insecure as everybody else ? 
. . . 
Heeyyy ... Who ate my Good n Plenty ? 
It's a shame to feel bored with this much to do 
Goodnight , until next year . 
I am in bisbeliefe . 
Smalls . 
lol omg 
Mountain Dew Pong ? I hope that's what's up . 
I'm glad my GPS doesn't give me a score on how well I followed all of its directions until I reached my destination . 
\If you try to pass this course without buying the book and studying the chapters in depth the tests will obliterate you . \"" 
Real Fact #818 : The infinity sign is called a lemniscate . 
Jaws clenched tight , we talked all night . Oh , but what the hell did we say ? \ 
The good times are killing me . 
We don't know what's ahead -- for us , or for our places . After all , nothing is etched in stone ... well , until it is . 
And it should be as easy as telling a scab from a scar , but I don't know . 
It's funny when you can hear a car shake more than you can hear the music it's playing 
just honked his horn at a stupid driver for the first time . This traffic will bring out the best in everyone . 
The only two team members I didn't have to hear back from were the only ones to answer their phones this afternoon . Good grief . 
But first I want to establish two rules ... number one : don't be mean , and number two : DFTBA . 
I can't figure out how I forgot to keep up with vlogbrothers 2.0 . Just sayin 
Tomorrow's Monday again , do you know what I mean ? 
Secret Curse 
Anger's all right . Bitterness , no . 
There'll be days when I will feel like I never knew you all that well . 
Maybe we'll meet up in < PROPMALE > . Talk about weather . Talk of old times . I know every word what we said was what we both meant . Well , we meant it at the time . Promise me you'll be standing up straight , chasing rivers , shadows , and time . 
Hold your own , know your name , and go your own way , and everything will be fine . 
The music didn't belong to you ; they were songs about me , all along . But thanks for introducing us . 
Light years isn't time ... It measures distance ! 
The more I learn , the more I see , the less the world impassions me . The hungry heart , the roving eye have come to rest -- do not apply . The frantic < PROPMALE > , the crazy ride , the thrill has gone . I step aside . I'd believe in anything were it not for you showing me by just existing only this is true : without question , I love you . 
The best lack all convictions , while the worst are filled with passionate intensity . 
I'm crazy , I know , but to be perfectly honest , I'd rather be writing research papers on Pokemon than about anthropocentric environmental ethics . 
Today it felt like there was a smoke in my brain keeping me from seeing or hearing my teachers . I was anxious yet aloof 
Magic Cake : totally worth crashing a Stoic Club party over . 
is getting a lot of \beach\ " vibes this weekend " 
As we brushed past each other , you favored me with a smile . It's ok if we never meet again . I'm lucky you were here just for a while ! 
is jealous of the stretching girl who can touch her shins with her forehead while standing 
Sleep > Antennas to Heaven > Storm > Static 
needs to take a moment . 
knows his name . 
Ruin is the destination toward which all men rush , each pursuing his own best interest in a society that believer in the freedom of the commons . 
:) 
4641 8507 4580 
might have to postpone it this year . 
The best chocolate milk ever is about to be gone . 
Real Fact #821 : It takes an interaction of 72 muscles to produce human speech . 
It's raining :) 
Happy Founder's Day , USM ! 
' s just this guy , you know ? 
Dog standing on the cab of an old pickup truck going down the highway . #I .. You ... What ? 
I probably just got phished by something claiming to be a tobacco-use survey . 
Registered ! 
gots his haircut . 
A rogue friend is a wild beast 
is spaced out on sensation 
Real Fact #810 : Australia is the only continent without an active volcano . 
Relieved beyond repair 
Study . Study . Study . Study . Study . Study . Study . Study . 
If you don't hear from me today , don't worry . I'm all right . 
<3 ' s technology !!! 
La la la , di da da\ 
La la , di di da da dum 
Hell y'am! 
doesn't have to wish he was homeward bound 
I got 99 problems , but life ain't one . 
LOL . ARRGGH . WHUUUUT . 
