Avatar was SOOOO good ! A must see on the big screen . It was so pretty . 

is finished with school , engaged , and now looking for a job ! 
is going to Lafayette to find and wedding venue and get ideas . 
has found a wedding location and set a date . Now I just need a job . 
The offical date is March 26th 2010 and the ceramony will be at < PROPFEMALE > Meade in Lafayette . 
hates diets ! 
Needs a job ! If anyone knows someone hiring in either Baton Rouge of Lafayette please let me know . 
Has a JOB ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is Relaxing at < PROPFIRST>'s and watching movies . 
is ready to sleep in tomorrow ! 
is going to get a facial and a massage today . 
Had a great day at the spa yesterday . My skin feels AWESOME ! Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! I love you ! 
did not want to get out of bed this morning ! Coffee here I come ! 
TGIF ! I can't wait to sleep in . Going to go find a tux for the wedding tomorrow . 
another weekend come and gone . Back to the daily grind . 
Thank God for weekends ! Just cracked open a Red Stripe and now I'm going to begin relaxing . 
Getting dressed and heading out to Pine Prairie for the day . 
is sad that the weekend is coming to an end . Next weekend is a long weekend so that will be nice ! 
Labor Day weekend is finally here . I can't wait to sleep in ! And of course relax with two really great people . The love of my life and my best friend . 
work work work ... 
I have a feeling when I come to work in the A.M. the company fish is going to be belly up . It doesn't look so good . And no , it's not my fault . 
It's ALIVE . The fish lives . Do fish have nine lives like cats ? BTW I heard that fish is almost 2 years old . What is a fish's life span ? 
Had fun with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > at the game this past weekend . 
slept like a rock last night ! Had a great time seeing everyone in Lake < PROPFIRST > yesterday . My godchild is growing up so fast . 
AHHHH ! It's going to be a crazy monday ! 
You all have to go to peopleofwalmart.com It's the funniest website I've seen . 
Can't wait for March so she can move to Lafayette , get married , and find a permenant job so she can stop working TEMP jobs in BR ! TGIF . Have a great weekend everyone ! 
Had a wonderful weekend with the girls ! 
Is jobless , sick , and happy that mom is cooking homeade soup for her tonight . 
is LOVING this weather ! 
Watched paranormal activity tonight . It was sooooooo good . I haven't seen a scary movie that good in a while . 
is busy playing catch-up on facebook . I didn't log out when I used mom's computer and she deleted half of my friends wondering why they were on her < PROPFEMALE > . I didn't realize how many was deleted . 
Hello weekend . Ready for a few beers and hanging out with the family . 
is in Pine with the family roasting hot dogs and marshmellows about to watch the LSU game . 
is off to Lake < PROPFIRST > to visit Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , do a little wedding planning , and and have a few margaritas . 
Ready to do the \Time Warp Again\ " . < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show tonight . " 
Had a blast this weekend . < PROPMALE > Horror ( SO MUCH FUN ) , Tailgating , and < PROPFEMALE>'s for taboo and scattergories . Time for relaxation . < PROPFIRST>'s watching the saints and < PROPFEMALE > and I are vegging out on the sofa . 
is heading back to Lafayette today . I can't wait until I find a job . This going back and forth is KILLING ME ! 
Had an interview today . Praying that I have a job by next week . I HATE BILLS ! 
Downtown bound ! Cowboy Mouth tonight . 
Ugh ..... I'm sooo disgusted right now . 
is on her way to < PROPFEMALE > out with some of her favorite people . My Mom , Dad , Sister , and Soon to be husband . Should be a fun night . 
Funny how people who were never really Saints fans or even watched football have suddenly come out of nowhere ... 
is about to head back to Baton Rouge for a couple of days . I am soooo tired of living out of a suitcase . 
Home in Baton Rouge . I missed my bed , my stuff , my roomate , the dogs , but I now I miss < PROPFIRST > . 
doesn't need anyone's optimisim . Let me wallow in my own Pessimism . 
So I'm watching the AMA's and I don't get it . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is nominated for god knows what award and all I have to say is REALLY ? I mean what did he do besides die this year . I don't get it . And I don't care what anyone says , I love Lady Ga Ga . It's nice to have a creative freakshow on stage rather than the same routine the other artists put on award show after award show . 
Cooking red beans and rice and cornbread . It smells so good ! 
Is no longer UNEMPLOYED ! 
4 a.m. was WAY too early to be shopping . Being broke = desperation though . At least I had great company . 
Have you noticed that < PROPFIRST > Payton gets a haircut every other game ? Just wondering . Hey if I'm going to watch football with < PROPFIRST > I just of soon have someone to look at . ;) 
Never get your bride's maid dresses at < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . The people are incompetent ! First bridal meltdown . Hopefully this is the one and only bump on the bridal road . 
is taking deep breaths . Why is it when stressful things happen they come in groups instead of happening sporadically ? 
I don't know about snow , but it is sleeting out there . 
Happy New Year ! Had a quiet night with the family at home . My dog hates fireworks . 
Mom is staying over tonight and cookings some good ' ol rice and gravy ! 
OMG ! I really don't want to get out in this weather . It's too wet and too cold to go to work ! 
SOOOOOOOO tired ! Worked way too hard today . 
Heading out to Baton Rouge to finish up some wedding details . My dress fitting is on wed . I can't wait ! 
Back in Lafayette . My dress is FABULOUS ! I can't wait for the big day ! 
Had a great time at the parade last night . We FROZE but had fun . Heading out to Chicot tonight for game . 
WHO DAT ! I think I watched most of the game with my hands over my eyes . 
So , if you recieved a bridal shower invitation from either me or my mother there is a < PROPMALE > that there was a typo . The shower is from 2-4 on Sunday . Oooops . 
Heading out to Pine Prairie for my Bridal Shower tomorrow . 
Had a wonderful bridal shower ! Thanks to all those who came , and all those who couldn't come but sent gifts . Looking at my 4 coffee pots right now . Too funny ! 
OMG ! Two more days until I am a married woman . Still so much to do before then . 
Thank you to everyone who came to the wedding . We had a wonderful time sharing this wonderful memory with you all . 
Still floating on cloud nine . I wish I didn't have to wait 2 1/2 weeks to go on the honeymoon . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > . You were the best dog ever ! 
Two more days until the honeymoon ! I CAN'T WAIT ! 
Yes , the new dog has me up at 6am . She's so darn cute I can't be mad . 
Had a great day with my dad and grandfather . Just got back from taking Cordy to the park . Boy is she worn out ! 
Just finished watching The Human Centipede . SO CREEPY ! Just wish < PROPFEMALE > could have been here to watch it with us . So good , if you like that kind of stuff . 
is cooking dinner for my hubby who is not feeling well . 
Jeepers , creepers , where'd you get those peepers ........ waiting on mom to get here so I can go to the eye doctor . 
Just got home from watching SATC with < PROPFEMALE > . Gotta love spending time with friends ! 
It's so humid outside , I'm not feeling well , my hair hates me , between the dog and < PROPFEMALE > neither wants to listen to me , after all of this I really don't want to go to work tonight . 
Mother Nature is really starting to irritate me ! REAL BAD ! 
is about to head out to her sister's house for a sleepover ! 
is FINALLY moving out of this small condo . Two more weeks until we move out and into a house . 
is slowly moving things out of the condo . A few more days to go before the big move . 
Loving the weather . It was so nice to sit outside with my coffee this morning and not break a sweat . 
The sauce is cooked , company is on the way , can't wait for the game to begin ! 
I begin working at a new job tomorrow . I forgot how much I hate early mornings . Back to being a grown-up again ! 
Thank you for all the Birthday Wishes ! My day was uneventful but I had a great present and dinner . More celebrating this weekend . 
GO GAMECOCKS ! BAMA SUCKS ! 
\FOOSBALL is the DEVIL \"!" 
I wish it would rain until bedtime . I love falling asleep to rain . 
Does anyone want a kitten ? Apparently we have three . They magically appeared yesterday . All three are black . I think that may be a bad sign ... 
Just got home from the boudoin cookoff . I AM SOOOOO FULL ! We had a great time . 
Paranormal activity two was soooooo good . I actually screamed in the theater ! 
GEAUX TIGERS ! Though I may not be a HUGE football fan I REALLY hate BAMA ! 
The weekend wasn't long enough ! 
Going to the cracklin festival with < PROPFIRST > , Nat , and < PROPFEMALE > . My mouth is watering already ! 
and let the shopping begin . Poor < PROPFIRST > , he has to endure shopping with his wife and sister-in-law . Everyone needs a chauffeur . 
I had a wonderful day in < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Nat . 
Can't wait until tomorrow afternoon . I get to see my BFF that I haven't seen in months ! 
Had a GREAT day today . Spent some time with my BBF , scored some New Kids on the Block tickets , and now I'm about to go to a Christmas Party . What a fun weekend ! 
We are about to head out to my mom's to do some Christmas baking . 
At what age do we loose our filter ? For example : Grandma : Wow , you are way fatter than last year . Me : No Maw Maw I am actually smaller than last year . I've lost weight and dropped a size . Grandma : Well maybe it's your clothes because you look fatter . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! 
Can't wait for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > to come over . We haven't had game night in a while . 
It's a good thing that we have plenty of appitizers and desert because mom's dog just ate the whole tray of mini sliders . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
