May God bless this new year . Peace , Love and Blessings to all . 

I am thankful for all that I have done and been through , for it has made me who I am today . 
When you have a bad day , the < PROPMALE > that tomorrow will be a better day increases . 
< PROPFEMALE > your individuality . If everyone were the same , what a boring world this would be . 
Experience breeds energy , and energy is life . Go forth and experience life ! 
A small deed of kindness can have unmeasureable affects on both the receiver and the giver . Tell someone thank you for something they have done . Have a wonderful day . 
The greatest thing that I learned from my parent's divorce is that there are two sides to every story and usually neither one is correct . Let no one's perception taint your own . 
Look back at life for the lessons but do not dwell on what happened . Much like your car ; the rear view mirror is smaller than the windshield for a reason . 
loves his wife !! 
Spread the word of God . Use words if you have to . - Mother < PROPFEMALE > 
I am thankful for the opportunities that have been given to me . 
I am in awe at how the right things show up at the right time . Thanks be to God . 
I am thankful for the < PROPMALE > to give back . 
I am thankful to have endured enough to realize that life is good . 
May your day be as wonderful as you are . 
< PROPFEMALE > was inducted into the National < PROPMALE > Honor Society last night . I am so proud of the young lady that she is . 
Though I may not agree with your opinion , I respect your right to have one . 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change ; courage to change the things I can ; and wisdom to know the difference . Amen 
I am thankful for the struggles that I have faced , for they have brought me a the greater the sense of accomplishment . 
I have a feeling I will have some fence to fix . There are already some big branches down and the wind seems to be getting worse . 
I am thankful for the little things that keep me humble . 
May your day be filled with wonder and awe . 
Failure only comes about when a lesson is not learned . 
I am thankful that my inspiration may have spread and I am thankful for all that inspire me . 
You become what you think about . May your thoughts be full of love and kindness . 
If you leave a discussion with the same ideas you came with , you weren't listening . 
Thank you to all who are willing to pay the ultimate price for our freedom . God Bless < PROPFEMALE > and the ones who protect it . May we give them a good reason to do so . 
What's done is done . May I do better next time . 
I am thankful for the people that I have in my life . Thanks for being one of them . 
I am thankful for my opportunities for growth . May the lessons be learned . 
I am thankful for those who take care of our roads . May your travels be safe . 
May you find the good in what is placed before you today . 
I have no need to want , for I have what I need . May we always know the difference between wants and needs . 
It takes pressure to make a < PROPFEMALE > of a chunk of coal . May we all shine brightly in the end . 
Use the lessons of yesterday to make a better tomorrow . May today be a wonderful day ! 
May the joy of Christmas last you well into the new year . 
The two most precious resources ... \ 
Time : The more you let slip away the less you have . Spend it wisely . \ 
Love : The more you give the more you receive . May it flow abundantly . 
I am thankful every day is different . 
I choose to see the world as a loving and peaceful place . 
I am a creative source in an ever abundant universe . 
I am excited to start of another season of dance with my daughter . So glad we have this to do together . 
It is interesting how things are relative in life . If not for the -22 degrees from yesterday , today would feel really cold . If not for the turmoil in the world , I might not realize how good life is . May you experience the good so that you know the bad , and may you experience the bad so that you may appreciate the good . 
I am thankful that < PROPFEMALE > has found the employement she has been hoping for . 
1 . Go to Google Maps and click get directions . \ 
2 . Write U.S.A. as your start point . \ 
3 . Write Japan as your destination . \ 
4 . Go to the 31st point on your route . When you stop laughing , re-post this in your status so that others can laugh too 
I am thankful for good neighbors . 
I am thankful for the difficult people in my life for they have taught me things that those who love me would not . 
I am my own best teacher . 
Success would be insignificant if it were not for the struggle . 
It is not in believing what I was told , but actually the questioning of it that has deepened my faith . 
May you find pure , unconditional love . Happy Valentines Day ! 
May your life be filled with wonder and awe . 
·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸PRAYER WAVE¸ . ·´¯`· . ´¯`· . ¸¸ . ·´¯`· . ¸ Going out to all those affected in Japan , the Pacific and everywhere else affected by the earthquake and tsunami . Keep this going ? 
It was fun . I got to explain binary and hexidecimal < PROPFIRST > to < PROPFEMALE > . She looked really confused at first , but I think she got it . 
