is geared up for Stillwell's Shine Fest !... and < PROPMALE > , you will be pleased to know that I decided to take your advice about pitching a tent and camping all weekend -- but not b/c camping is practical , easy , and convenient , but b/c it should strategically put 

Shinefest 2009 was Awesome !!! Not sure how he did it , but Stillwell managed to make it even better than last year !... Or maybe it was b/c I was with such good company . 
Whoo Hoo !... Headin to Music City , USA this weekend ! 
Had an awesome time in Nashville ! 
Taking a brief nap , then off to the gym and tanning-bed before working on some research . 
is thinking that it is an absolutely gorgeous Saturday , but for some reason all I want to do is to chill-out w/ my cat ( < PROPMALE > ) and sleep ! Oh well , that's what Summer is for I suppose . 
BHWC director interviews , Mexican food and Margaritas , and then the Gym ... it is definitely going to be a good day !!! 
is gonna need a bottle of wine , a bottle of rum , AND a few < PROPMALE > jars of moonshine just to make it through the end of this week ! ( And this is not including what MM and I are gonna need to make it through Sat . ) 
Whoo Hoo !... I'm an aunt !!! 
Sushi w/ < PROPFEMALE > at 7:15 . Yum ! 
cannot seem to stop laughing and smiling today ... must be something in the air/water ! 
could really use a secretary ... Oh wait , I have Michael -- my humble servant -- Miesner for that . 
is thinking that a Clinical Psychology PhD program is like \graduate school on steroids \"." 
is doing absolutely nothing at the moment . 
The single most remarkable fact about human existence is how hard it is for people to be happy ... 
GO TITANS !!!!!! 
is trying to get to the gym , take a shower , hit a couple of different stores , and get to < PROPFEMALE>'s by 4pm to cut-up fruit and party ... and I'm already running waaaaay behind ! 
Promised myself I would go to the gym today , but I'm not so sure that's going to happen after last nights -- not getting home til 5:00 am -- Halloween fun . 
Thanks to our Veterans !!! 
If you and I woke up in jail together , using only 4 words , tell me what you would say to me . Copy and paste to your status and see what replies you get ! 
Only 2 more days till a much needed Thanksgiving Break ! The best part is , all my Christmas decorations are already up ( thanks to < PROPMALE > ) , so I can enjoy them over the break ! 
Only 1 more day until I get to head home to Sylva , NC !!! Whoo Hooo ! 
Weather Forecast for < PROPMALE > City : 4 more inches of snow expected by Thursday night ! 
I sure hope we get all that snow their predicting tonight ... 
I get slightly disgusted ( and feel the need to roll my eyes ) when people write ' lovey dovey ' crap about their significant other(s ) as their Facebook status . Really ?.... 
\I'd rather be in Carolina ... \"" 
Wednesday afternoon can't get here soon enough ! 
Looking like a good night for some front porch sittin . 
Thanks to everyone for the AWESOME and AMAZING birthday wishes !!! 
A little disappointed that < PROPMALE > didn't win Entertainer of the Year at the ACMs , but he still looked good . 
So tired of looking at community assessment/grant stuff ... 
Mexican food , Margaritas , < PROPFIRST > , and MFM ... going to be lots of much needed laughs ! 
Is looking forward to the < PROPMALE > Stillwell show tonight at 9:00 in Nashville ! 
Camping .... 
5 Days til Shinefest ... and I'm already pumped and making plans ! 
Although I had a few accomodation issues w/Shinefest , things are figured out now ( thanks to a great friend in Bryson City , NC ) and I am still EXCITED about the event ! 
Shinefest 2010 ! 
Presenting at the International Society of Traumatic Stress Studies ( ISTSS ) in Canada on Thursday . Should be exciting ! 
I am two fist-pumping excited about seeing < PROPFIRST > tomorrow !! 
Thanks to everyone for the sweet ' happy birthday ' wishes !!! 
Looking forward to the awesome weekend I'm about to have with < PROPFIRST > Parris ! 
Heading to Fontana , NC and Shinefest 2011 this afternoon ! 
