Man , I have no good pictures of me ! 

I just found out I got into the ARMY !!!!! 
HELP !!!! I cant figure out a couple problems for my test !! 
Man I am tired , but as soon as I start to fall asleep , < PROPFIRST > will wake up ! 
Man am I tired !! < PROPFIRST > is gone for a whole month and I have to get ready to start school in two weeks . I have all kinds of cleaning to get done before then ! But , I think I am going to take a nap ! 
I've got a headache from drinking wine with the girls down the street last night . It was fun , but I wish I could have slept in later !!! 
Had fun baking cookies and hanging out with my friend < PROPFIRST > today . It was cool to watch < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > play so good together !! 
How do you delete people off ur Facebook friends ?? 
Never mind I figured it out !!! Yea ! Can you guess who is gone ? 
Man I did not sleep at all last night , otherwise I would not be up on the computer ! My brain would not turn off !!! I hope I am not cranky today bc of it , that will make for a bad day for both me and < PROPFIRST > , oh and probaly Hayleigh too ! 
Well its almost 7 . I guess I can get up and start my day , and some coffee !!! 
So tired adn so hungry ! I hope after I eat I can take a nap !!! 
* and 
Cant wait for dinner to be done so I can eat and get both me and < PROPFIRST > ready for bed . We will probaly watch a movie !! 
Trying to email pictures and the damn things are taking forever to load !!! 
I just done cleaning the office and rearranging it ! Now I cant wait for bedtime ; both < PROPFIRST > and the dog want to act up now ! 
Man I have been a cleaning machine !! I had to clean to couch bc < PROPFIRST > decided to pee on it yesterday ! 
YAY ! I go to my orientation tomorrow and Friday ! I am < PROPFEMALE > excited !! 
YAY my LPN class is finally about to start !! Too bad I already have more than one assignment due one Monday , and I havent even officially begun class yet !! 
School is hard , and i dont have much time for anything else , but it is TOTALLY worth it !!! 
I just posted something , and it didnt show up ! What the hell !!! 
Lets try this again : Its been a rough day , glad its over . They will get better as I get into a routine adn into my schooling . At least we can start counting down and looking forward to him coming home . I love You Hunny , stay safe ! See you in 355 days , boots on the ground !! 
Well he called last night at midnight letting me know they made it to Ireland . It was 730 in the morning there . Still havent heard from him today though . 
In Kuwait , it is almost 8pm . Thats another day down for < PROPFIRST > and I havent even really begun day 2 
Well our cupboards are pretty full now , Thanks < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Well I still havent heard from him today , its already almost 11pm . They were probally really busy , and tired !! Jet lag like a B !! 
I finally heard from him today ... 330pm is 130am . He had just landed , gotten a little situated and was getting ready to eat . Hes working on day 3 .... Im almost done with day 2 . This sucks ... I hope time speeds up bc right now its dragging . 
I got a 330am wake up call by my hunny !! It was funny , hes like , what are you doing , Im like sleeping . LOL ! He just got done with a class to teach them how to roll vehicles back on their wheels . I love you < PROPFIRST > !!! Im staying strong for you and soon enough we will be reunited !! 
I do feel better today though . I feel like I can actually accomplish something with out staring into space 15 million times . This means I know things are going to get better . 
Sweet I will now get updates on my phone !! Thanks < PROPFIRST > !! 
Well its off to bed for me . Another day down , and I go back to school tomorrow . Im glad , I will be busy all day , and not sitting here on facebook waiting for himto get on ! LOL !! 
Well today is another day down , hope it goes alright . I get to go to school and take a couple tests , not knowing what the heck went on in the chapters . Good Luck to Me !! 
Man I am sooo tried ! School sucked ! I woke up to a wierd dream that I couldnt find any clean uniforms and then < PROPFIRST > rolls over and tells me to look deeper in the closet . Even though I could see them , I couldnt reach it . Then I woke up !! It was wierd to get up and start my day with out < PROPFIRST > . :( 
Well I am going to bed ... I LOVE YOU JUSTIN ... goodnite/good morning ! 
What the heck ! No wake up call !! Well it is off to another boring day at school , we are having Thankgiving there today though :) I hope to hear from my hunny sometime today , if not I will be sad ! 
Well today was a good day , I just got home from school havent picked up Wialliam though , I want some peace for a minute or two . We start Thankgiving break today/tomorrow , it depends on if you want to go in tomorrow . I am , I need the extra learning time . 
Yea trying to find a phone for < PROPFIRST > in Iraq ... its confusing ! I think Im gonna call the hotline and see what they say ! 
Still havent heard from < PROPFIRST > :( Im sure he is busy though . Off to take a practice test and then a real tes for Pharmacology ... hope I pass ! 
Well change of plans , I think Im gonna just study here , woke up late , and < PROPFIRST > JUST woke up , sleepy baby ! 
Man , < PROPFIRST > is one CRANKY Baby !!! I had to put him down for a nap , and he JUST woke up !! Should have brought him to daycare ! 
My house is a mess , I have laundry to fold , and < PROPFIRST > and the girls are coming over for dinner ... is all I want to do is sleep the days away and can't! 
Miss you Justin ... hope time speeds up so we can be together again ! It hasnt been a full week yet and feels like forever ! Love you .. hope to hear from you soon ! Hugs and Kisses 
Got a headache , still have to clean up from dinner , and make my bed from washing all the blankets . After all that , I am taking a shower and going to bed ! One more day down ! 
Goodnite Love ... We miss you ... hope to get a wake up call from you in the morning ! 
Happy belated Thanksgiving everyone !! I spent all day helping < PROPFIRST > cook and clean ... it was fun !.. and now Im ready for bed ! I talked to < PROPFIRST > for a few minutes today ... that was nice ! We love you hunny ! 
Its only 742 and I < PROPFEMALE > about ready for bed ! < PROPFIRST > is already in bed , feel asleep on the couch . I think Im gonna try to watch some tv and just relax . Then the rest of the weekend I have to STUDY !!! 
Cleaned the house and washed Hayleigh . I have a little bit of laundry to do ... oh yea and now I have to clean the bathroom . Oh well , staying busy helps pass the days away ! Whatever speeds up the time works for me ! 
Just worked out a little bit ... felt good , nut I know Im gonna be sore tomorrow !! 
Deep cleaning thr house . I know I cleaned it yesterday , but I did a half ass job . I cant stand a dirty house , even if it looks clean ... I know the difference and thats all that matters !!! 
Just got done with dinner at Anya's ... William is going to bed soon and I have laundry to fold . Im gonna tape record my notes .. then I can study with the study effect . 
Another day has passed ... still waiting for time to speed up some . Things are getting better though . One day at a time .. another foot forward .. bringing us closer to the day that we can be together again ! WE LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > !! 
Hey Hunny .. where'd you go ?? I just got a txt saying you commented .. but you are already off the computer !!! :( Oh well .. i know you said your internet is pretty crappy . Hope to talk to you later .. I LOVE YOU ! 
I just realized it raining .. pretty good too . We are suppose to be geting SNOW tomorrow and Tuesday .. that means prolly no school .. El Paso shuts doen when there is snow . Good thing too .. these a holes doent know how to drive when the roads are dry !! 
Getting ready to make < PROPFIRST > linch and put him down for a nap .. he needs one . We had to leave Courtneys bc he could play nice . Just wanted to check to see if my hunny was still on real quick .. Love you Babe , talk to you later . 
That made my day .. I got to say goodnite to my solider . We all exchanged \kisses\ " too ! That really made my day .. I hope it made yours too hunny !! " 
I thought today was gonna be more productive ... 
Getting ready to ge to bed .. got school tomorrow . I just finished recording my pharmacology notes .. now on to Anatomy . I have to know this material to pass my finals !! I will be cleaning the house and sleeping with my recorder playing in my ears !! 
Good Mornig babe !! Its Goodnite for me .. and Im ready for bed too ! I know ur gonna be busy today .. but it helps the time pass . We are always thinking of you .. widhing you were here with us ! WE LOVE YOU !! 
DO NOT GO OUT AND DRIVE !!! the roads are horrible .. and the drivers are CRAZY !!! Slush and water all over the roads ! 
Man I am tired !! I kinda hope we dont have school tomorrow .. then I can stay home and be lazy .. William is going to daycare for sure .. he has \school\ " pictures . " 
Im going to jump in the shower and go watch tv in bed .. if you get on Justin .. post something so it makes my phone go off and we can talk . Or you can txt me from ur yahoo account . WE LOVE AND MISS YOU !!! 
Boring day at school .. and the boredom continues at home . I wish < PROPFIRST > was here .. miss you hunny . 
I feel like crap .. stupid flu nasal spray !! 
I cant wait for the holidays to be over .. it is < PROPFEMALE > depressing sitting here without my hunny ! I miss him < PROPFEMALE > much ! 
< PROPFIRST > is SICK .. puking and just being cranky ! My house stinks like poop and puke ! And Im missing another day of school ! 
Well I got < PROPMALE > room cleaned .. blankeys washed .. in the dryer . Our poor baby wants to nap .. but he has to wait until the blankets are dry . He ate a little and kept it down and I just gave him some medicine .. starting to get a little fever . 
< PROPFIRST > is a little better , still not feeling well . He cuddled or laid on the couch all day . He ate a little bit , and he drank a good amount of gatorade and kept it down . Him being sick made me get off my but and clean the house .. It stunk in here , and all of our blankets needed to be washed . 
It is way past my bedtime .. but I am not really tired . Just burning a couple CDs for the trip to MI in a couple weeks . 
I got most of what I wanted to done .. cleaned the oven and the grill .. still have to put that in the shed and put some of < PROPMALE > bikes in there . Cleaned the living room and the kitchen . I think I want to start on the office .. thats gonna take a while . 
Man what an exhausting day .. glad its bedtime . Good morning babe .. hope you made it alright . Stay safe , we miss you sooo much ! Call me when you get a chance .. LOVE YOU !! 
Had a productive day of studying for finals starting this week . Now I am about to have a nice meal with \the girls . \ " Its my turn to host ! " 
m zm ,, mzmzmz na , xxzzz b 32 
Just got home from school 2 hours early ! Aced both my dosage calculations test and my Basic Nursing Final Exam !! Go Me !! 2nd level .. here I come !! 
Man I raked the backyard and now I cant stop my nose from running or sneezing ! Its annoying .. stupid El Paso straw grass ! 
Calling it an early night .. Im exhausted ! Putting < PROPFIRST > in bed , letting Hayleigh outside on last time , and Im hitting the sheets ! 
I hate studying .. its boring and I get off track alot . I cant wait until next week is over .. tests will be done and I will be on my way to MI for a little R&R , oh yea cant forget the drinking .. it is the holidays ya know ! 
I just talked to Jutin on Skype .. It ws great .. he got to see his baby . < PROPFIRST > loved it .. couldnt top giving Daddy kisses ! It was really great to be able to see him and talk to him !! LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > !! 
Easy A on the last regular Pharmacology test .. teacher gae us the answers before we took it ! Finished te tes in 10 minutes ! Now back to studying for them pesky finals next week ! 
How retarded is this : My stupid school is trying to make us take 2 finals , that are schedled for next week , TOMORROW !! Plus the regularly schedule test ! They have a new class starting on the 14th and want to seed up my class instead of having the new class wait a week so then the school can start billing !! GREEDY BASTARDS !! 
Getting ready to crawl into bed and do some ast minute studying whie I get tired . I hope I dont have to take my finals tomorrow , so not prepared ! 
Just got home from a long day at school .. we didnt have finals YAY !! Geting ready to have dinner with < PROPFIRST > and her girls .. and then have some drinks for < PROPFIRST > s BDAY ! 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get done downloading Skype on his computer .. its taking forever !!! 
Well Im getting ready to out < PROPFIRST > in bed .. hes very tired om waking up at 6 and not having a nap .. and Im goin to have a few drinkswithCourtney .. w neer did celebrte her BDAY last nite .. so we got some making up to do ! 
I have a cranky baby today .. and I need to get some studying done .. we\ll se how that works out " 
I was Jewish tonite .. I had potatoe pancakes with applesauce and < PROPFIRST > got a Hannukah gift .. Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Just got back from seeing Dr's Without Borders . It was a very interesting movie it showed what it is like for peoplen 3rd world countries and what Dr's g through to try to help . I wolove to do somethin like that in the future 
Stupid keyboard is still not working right .. I have to get canned air .. its really annoying !!! 
Well off to bed .. Morning Justin .. Love you ! 
Well I guess I am heading out early on Saturday instead of Sunday .. man that means less time to get this house in order an ready to leave 
At school waiting to retake a test but these damn teachers are never prepared ! I wish they would get have their shit together !!! I had to be here at 8 to take the test at 830 , well its going on 930 and we are STILL waiting !! 
After the tachers decided to pull their heads outta their ass , I took the test and passed .. YAY !! Now I have a bch of studying to do to pass my last 2 finals tomorrow and Friday 
Why are kids so annoying ?? 
I hate studying .. its sooo boring !! I have ADD .. bbaadd ! 
I have to get something done today .. so Im gonna bathe Hayleigh and start packing .. saving the cleaning for tomorrow 
YAY !! I got a 96 on my Pharmacology Final !!! Go ME !!! My last final tomorrow for Anatomy , I hope I do just as good !! 
Finished my last fnal .. stll waiting to see how I did . On to cleaning and packing .. leaving early tomorrow morning . I hope I have a good time .. still not sure yet .. family is drama ! 
Let me update : I PASSED !! Got an 86 on the Anatomy final !! How awesome is that !! 2nd level , here I AM !! 
Just finished the house work and am packed and ready to leave !! 
Hanging out at my Brother-in-laws in CO . Got here yesteray at 7pm ... getting ready to head north to MI tonite at midnite .. fun stuff ! 
Off to bed .. next time Im on .. I'll be in MI ! 
I have the internet again ! Ive been going through withdrawls !! 
I got up to MI yesterday at bout 1030pm .. took us about 22 hours ! It wasnt bad .. William was Excelet .. and so was Hayleigh ! 
I am < PROPFEMALE > upset !! I havnt talked to < PROPFIRST > since I left for MI , and then he wast on the sasons greatings from iraq . :( I miss you < PROPFEMALE > much < PROPFIRST > .. it makes itworse being up here without you .. I shouldve stayed home . 
Its Christmas Eve .. cant wait for the holiays to be over and we get paid so I can go home !!! 
I havent been on facebook , or the internet in a while .. so i thought Id post something . 
Ok .. well Im of this computer .. gonna watch a movie with Williamand go to sleep 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !! Lets hope this year is better than the last ! 
I actually slept in today ! Felt good :) 
Back to school tomorrow .. nervous because its a new level , new schdule and im unprepared 
Man what a stressful day ! Went to school and got yelled at bc I missed 3 days , got out at 5 , went shopping and listened to < PROPFIRST > cry the whole time , came home to a naughty dog ; I need a vacation from my kid and dog ! 
Clinicals tomorrow .. YAY ! m excited to get out of the classroom and into the real world ! I just dont like that I have to wake up at 4am ! 
Clinicals were GREAT !! It was a little slow in the morning , but I got to see some awesome things !! Way better than sitting in a classroom all day !!!! 
white 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU ! 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = club head , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = player , 20 = i love you , 21 = gorgeous 
blah ... 
Why does life have to be so complicated ! 
Tomorrow is another day .. I hpe its better than the last few have been 
Cleaning the house ... finally ! 
Yay ! I got my new phone !! Its < PROPFEMALE > cool !! 
I was sick last week and I feel like I gettig sick again !! Ive got a sore throat and a headache , same as last time ! 
You know you've ot a good friend when they come ovr to hep you clean your house when your feeling to depresed to do it yourself ... which in return make you mor depressed . Thank You < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Cleaning the office and getting stuff ready to do our taxes !! YAY MONEY !! 
Going to get taxes done .. YAY !! 
Getting ready to sit back and watch a movie with some friends .. Yay Movie Nite !! 
Man am I tired !! Just got < PROPFIRST > in bed , Im gonna put o a movie and just relax before I head to bed too ! 
I love my Husband ... I cant wait for him to come home , we all miss him sooo much ! Love You Hunny !!! 
Ya so the girl that did or taxes Friday messed up BIG TIME !! Went back today and got them straightend out , made a HUGE differenceon how much we are getting back 
Thans everyone !! I had a very interesting BDAY ... not thebest Ive ever had .. but I have many more to make up for this shitty one ! 
I finally got canned air ... lets see if it works !!! 
IS ANYBODY IN THIS COUNTRY PATRIOTIC ANYMORE !?! Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets support our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status !!! 
First nite without my baby ... miss him already , but I was in need of a break ! 
Going to bed ... nite Justin ... love You ! 
Just got done with my first excercise class . I am so uncordinated and not stretchy ! But it was fun ! Havent had a workout like that since Raiders , but Ive always loved a hard workout ! 
MEN ! 
Man Im pretty sore this morning from my workout class ... feels good though ! 
YAY ! Im Wireless ! 
Just put on these pants I bought 2 years ago , ever wore thembc they didnt fit ! Go ME ! 
Had a goodtime at Aunt Debbies for Easter ... William played hard and is now napping on the couch ! 
Click \like\ " if I have ever made you smile . Post this as your status to see how many people you have made smile in your life " 
A soldier is someone , who at one point in their life wrote a blank check made payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country today who no longer understand that fact . Copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom . If you can read this , thank a teacher . Because it's in english , THANK A SOLDIER 
On my way to the bar ! Whooo Whoo , but I have to work in the morning so I'll be home by 10 ! 
getting ready for work ... blah 
Forgot my phone at Bonnies , Damn ! 
Well I was an extra .... kinda cool , but kinda not 
Stayed on the west side all day and played with < PROPFIRST > and Hayleigh ... it was sooo nice out ! Had steaks and potatoes on the charcoal grill ... then came home , got < PROPFIRST > ready for bed , and thats where Im headed now ... Im pooped . Hayleigh is too ... shes laying here snoring ! I LOVE YOU JUSTIN ... talk to you later 
Sick baby today ... woke up puking and pooping in the middle of the nite ... getting ready to take him to the doctor 
< PROPFIRST > is better today ... after he puked all over us in the doctors office , he didnt puke anymore , they gave him a nausea pill ... getting ready to go have coffee with < PROPFEMALE > 
We have children going to bed without eating ... Elderly going without needed medicines ... Mentally ill without treatment ... Troops without proper equipment ... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ... 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and re-post this .!!!!!! I did ..... WILL YOU ???...... 
made fried chicken ... and it turned out !! 
Good Morning Hunny ! Im getting ready for bed ... so Goodnite too ! ;) Have a good day ... Love You ... 
Worked my BUTT OFF today ... its good for me ... besides that , it was a really good day at work ! 
Cant wait for bed ! But I do wish I had a book to read right now ! 
Going to bed , work tomorrow , then a few days off ... 
Good morning and Goodnite Hunny ! I LOVE YOU SOOO MUCH !! 
MyLast Day offand back to wowrk I go ... I seriously have to clean the house today ! 
A pretty relaxing day of cleaning the house and watching movies with little man ... starting a new book , re-reading the < PROPMALE > Potter's ... then off to bed and work in the morning ... 
< PROPFIRST > counted 1 .. 2 .. skipped a few ... 8 .. 9 .. 10 .. 11 .. 12 ! We count the stairs at Bonnies , so hos were te stairs he counted ... he is < PROPFEMALE > smart ! 
YAY !!! 
Getting ready to go to bed ... and its only 830 ! Slept like crap last nite and my bed is calling my name ! 
I hate my stupid job ! Well not really my job , just the people in charge ! They screwed my schedule ALL up ! 
Last day off .. then back to work .. suddenly got put on 2nd shift ... SUX !!!! 
I just figured out that I working 5 days in a row ! And its all jumbled between working 1st and 2nd shift ... one day work 2nd and then turn around and work 1st ... messed up , huh !? 
Going to bed ! Love You < PROPFIRST > !! Be online before noon so we can skype ... I work 2nd shift tomorrow 
I hate the people I work for .. stupid agency keeps jerking me around ! 
Off to work .... 
2nd Shift today thru friday .... hate 2nd shift , its easier , but I miss my baby , but I do get to talk tomy Hunny more on 2nds ... 
Enjoyed an awesome day off today ... William is at MeMe's house ... had lunch with Sergeant ... went tanning with < PROPFIRST > and chilled with < PROPFEMALE > . Back to work tomorrow ... 
Work 
Going to get our baby today ! Miss him < PROPFEMALE > much ! 
< PROPFIRST > had a great time playing with MeMee , Uncle < PROPFIRST > , and Joshua .... he didnt want leae and told ME bye ! Brat ! lol 
Work was alright ... even for the rough start this morning . Wish I could have talked to my hunny today .... Miss You ! 
I start a new job tomorrow ! I'll make more money and have weekends off !!! 
Man ! This new job is kicking my ass !!! 
Getting ready to use the < PROPFIRST > on my aparment !! Cant wait to see the nasty shit that comes out .... and hopefully the couple of stains < PROPFIRST > and Hayleigh have put in it !! 
first day on my new job ... kinda sucks ... hopefully it gets better 
Crappy Crappy Day outside ! 
Laundry 
Hanging out with my little bro 
Freaking tired and going to bed ! Love You < PROPFIRST > ! 
Clening u the house , and then gonna take < PROPFIRST > and Hayligh to Riverside 
Oh Yea ... anyone have a bike I an borrow until August ?? 
Just got back from a long ass walk with < PROPFIRST > and Hayleigh : First 3/4ofthewalkwent great ! The last part sucked ! < PROPFIRST > lost a sandal and screamed and cried about it until we got home ( 15 < PROPFEMALE > ) and it was all up hill with no sidewalks ! All I can say is .... Thank God for AC !!! 
Going to Bonnies later so < PROPFIRST > can go swimming ! 
A U.S. military member is missing their\ 
family while fighting for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , \ 
military members all over the world are saving lives . It is Military\ 
Appreciation Week ..... Re-post if you are a military family , love a\ 
military member , hold memories of a Fallen Hero or appreciate the U.S. military . 
Gong to a BBQ ... un stuff , Man !! 
Still waitin for a call back from te place in TX ... I hate waiting , Im so impatient ! 
WOW ! 
Its Just One Of Those Days .... wish my hunny was here to make it better :( 
Getting redy for < PROPMALE > playdate with < PROPFEMALE > and Rose ... Fun Fun !! 
I Love waking up to DOG SHIT all over the F-ING HOUSE !!! Thank God I have the Bissel Spot Bot ! 
Snobby girls come from New York , sweet girls come from Alabama , but we Michigan girls have fire and ice in our blood . We can ride dirt bikes , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left hooks , and drink with the boys . If we have an opinion , you know you're gonna hear it . Re-post if you're a true MICHIGAN GIRL !!! 
I need to get my lazy ass up and start doing something , Ive got PLENTY to do ... I need some \motivation \"" 
Why does life have to be complicated ! 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF \ 
AMERICA .. Please remember only two defining forces have ever offered \ 
to die for you .. JESUS CHRIST and the AMERICAN SOLDIER . One died for \ 
your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree .. copy and paste\ 
in your status .... GOD BLESS THE USA · 
Back from a long few days up north ... time for bed so I can start a 4 day stretch at work 
Whoo ! Last nite was a really busy at work ... today is day 2 of 4 ! 
Life Sucks and I lost my helmet ! 
How is stepping back a move forward 
Last nite of work then I get a day off ... YAY ! But unfortunately I have chores to do instead of being lazy , sleeping in , and doing nothing on my day off ... eh oh well ... thats life right ? 
Today SUCKS ! and its my day off !!! 
Its getting ready to thunderstorm .. makes for a good day to watch movies and bake cookies ... but I have to work ... oh well ... gotta make money , and I do enjoy working with the Vets . 
A true friend doesn't care if you are broke , slightly mental at times , ur house is a mess , or whether ur family is filled with crazies ... they love u 4 who u are . True friends go long periods of time without speaking & never question their friendship . RE-POST if you are lucky enough to have at least 1 true friend ! ~ . 
There is no reason to think that i am entitled ... i have to work hard for what i want 
Getting ready for work ... hope the nite FLYS by !! 
Just got home from work and I get to wake up early and go back into work for 1st shift !! Its gonna be a LONG day tomorrow ... 
A VERY LONG day today ... work tomorrow ... and then we hit the road !! 
Two more days of work ... then fun on the weekend !! 
Are You Avoiding Me ?? 
FB sucks ! I cant even \IM\ " with someone ... wont let me press enter and send the message .... " 
Heading outta town !! WHOOT ! 
Empty 
Still I could see it coming , while Im standing in the river drowning , this could be my < PROPMALE > to break out , this could be my < PROPMALE > to say its finally over ... what happened wasnt what I planned to be , but now Im ready to be free 
Work today and off tomorrow ... YAY ! 
I said I would never read the Twilight series .. I hated vampires and werewolves ... but I picked up the books and cant put them down !! Team < PROPFIRST > for sure !!! 
On Lunch break ... a few more guys to put to bed ... and then I can get back to < PROPFIRST > !! 
Had a job interview today and it went GRREEAATT !! I did really well answering all of the questions .. I think he was impressed !! Pretty sure I got the job !! 
Had an awesome night ! Thanks !!! 
Work Work all week long , busting my butt from dusk til < PROPFEMALE > countin the days til friday nite thats when all the conditions are right ... for a good time ! Except I have to work until next Wednesday :( 
Finished the Twilight Series ! Now to watch the movies !! 
One more day of work ! Whew ... 6 days in a row is hard !! Cant wait for Friday ... I get a 3 day weekend ... with possibly nothing to do :( oh well .... 
WE WILL NEVER FORGET 9/11/2001 
Yea apparently theres this button on my computer that if its off , you dont get wireless internet ... I just thought my internet was cut off ! So for the past few days , when I would normally be online , I was just listening to my ITunes , staring blankly at the computer . 
I have to work in the morning , but just cant sleep ! Its gonna make for a tired day , but at least I'll be tired to go to sleep tomorrow nite ! I guess Im gonna try again to catch some z's ... 530 comes early ! 
Yay ! I got up on time ! Now to have a good day with my old guys ! Except the floor I like has shingles ... that sucks ! 
Just got back from seeing Eclipse ! Yea I liked that movie , the others were kinda gay ... but still ... to re-think the stories ( without all the work of reading ) gives me goosebumps ! 
Tired ... in everyway imaginable 
I miss my baby :( 
WTF !?!? 
I guess Im drinking by myself tonite ... Go Me ! 
Just erased a bunch of people from my friends list ... so if you see this message You havent been erased :) 
Just got back from a walk with Hayleigh ! Man these shoes really do work .. I can feel my legs and butt toning as I walk ! They are AWESOME !! 
Handle every stressful situation as a dog would : If you can't eat it or play with it , \ 
just pee on it and walk away . 
Bored as hell waiting to go take care of some business 
Pretty good storm rollin thru .. too bad I dont have a patio or balcony to watch it ... stupid dungeon apartment !!! 
Going to Bed !! Trying to get on a normal schedule ... start my new job next week !!!! 
Today is pissing me off ! I wish it was over already ... :/ 
I miss you sooo much < PROPFIRST > !! I cant wait to hold you in my arms again and give you REALLY BIG hugs and all kinds of kisses ! I LOVE YOU !! 
Had a pretty good day today .. despite all the business stuff I had to take care of ! :) 
Im sleepy ... must be the weather ! 
Think I might go to the bar tonite ... 
FINALLY hanging out with my best girl < PROPFIRST > tonite !!! 
Had alot of fun last nite !! Hope to < PROPFEMALE > out again !! 
I think the hamburger really makes the Hamburger Helper ... just doesnt tastes the same withou it ! Oh well .... watching Purgatory and off to bed ! 
Super excited to start my new job today !! 
Its hard waking up early after being on a second shift schedule ! 
The change in my name on FB is already making me feel LIBERATED !! 
Last day of boring orientation !! 
Gotta go and take my test to pass meds today ... and then I have the rest of the day to < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
Passed my test !... of course we all knew I would ... lol ;) 
Tonite is going to be FREAKING AWESOME !!! 
Getting ready to go out for < PROPFIRST>'s 21st birthday !! WHO WHOO ! 
WOW ! Last nite was crazy fun ! Im freaking hungover , I can still taste vodka in my mouth ! Now Im stuck at my apartment with no phone and no vehicle ... kinda curious to see how Im gonna get to the westside to pick those items up ! 
I really hope someone comes to pick me up so I can get my vehicle and phone ! I hate being stranded ! 
Going to get some food :) 
Gonna clean the house and wach some football !! 
Some decsions in life need to be made by the heart , not the mind 
I need a hobby ... 
For being so cold .. its actually pretty nice out this morning 
I woke up on the complete wrong side of the bed today .. I should go back to sleep and see if I wake up on the right side ! 
Going to take a nice hot bath and relax ! 
Went to bed really early last nite ... had to get that day done and over with ! Today is going to be better ! Maybe I'll get some work ... if not theres alot of work to do around the house ! 
I hate sitting here in the dungeon .. I wanna go to Walmart so I can make some banana bread , but I have to stay here and face the music ... so lady , hurry the hell up !! 
Had one shift at work today .. that was great ! Felt good to help someone ! I love what I do for a living ! 
:) 
I have an awesome schedule for Spectrum ! 3 12's a week ! 
Nothing more relaxing than a hot bath ... aahhhh :) 
Have to work my first twelve hour shift tomorrow .. not bad tho .. 7:30 am- 7:30 pm 
Got out early and still got paid for the full 12 hours !! Whoo Who ! Plus I made time and a half for most of it ! Next week is gonna be BIG money .. working 52 hours ! 
I still have 30 mins before I have to leave for 2 hours ... Im not a big fan of Home Health Care , its boring ... but thats where the money's at !! 
I got a new < PROPFEMALE > today ! Hes < PROPFEMALE > cute .. all black and really loveable ! I hope he and hayleigh get along so they can keep eachother company while Im at work ... oh and he's fixed ! Thinking about naming him Salem from Hocus Pocus ! 
My new kitten , Binx , and Hayleigh are getting along pretty well , so I think its gonna work out ! 
Getting ready for my boring and pointless 12 hr shift ... hopefully it goes by fast and I get out early again !!! 
Just a quick thought : Why do people have to be so confusing ? 
So it turns out I was suppose to be in South Haven this morning at 7 ... didnt get there until 9 ... ooops 
I dont even have to work today , but I still had to wake up early ... gotta go turn in my time slips so i get paid !! 
Should I take a nap or not ?... ehh , I\ll prolly just end up laying there and getting up in 20 mins anyway " 
Wow ! 5 o'clock is early !!! 
Just got home from a long boring day at work 
Last day in South Haven for the week ... it should go by pretty fast today ... I hope . I think Im gonna re-read the Twlight books ! I didnt get enough of < PROPFIRST > the first time ;) 
Well I tried to nap , but that didnt work ... I think Im gonna take a nice hot shower and then maybe go to the westside ? 
No work tomorrow .. YAY !! But I do have to the office tomorrow and get some more training for harder cases , which is cool ! and I dont have to wake up early .. which is even better ! :) 
Im up already ! Oh well I gotta a lot of shit to take care of today anyway ... 
I\ll ask poliet if the the devil needs a ride bc the angel on my right aint hanging out with me tonite " 
Just talked to my Angel .. I miss him sooo much , I cant wait to see him in just a few more weeks !! 
Where the hell is my phone !! 
I just applied for the Grand Rapids Home for Veterans ! They are finally hiring .. of course right after I got this job with Spectrum ... but the GRHV is where Ive always wanted to work .. so we'll see what happens 
I need to start working out .. my new job has me sitting on my ass all day . 
WOW AM I BORED !!! 
Just got back from hanging out with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Why does 5am have to come soooo early !! 
Just got home from work .. it went by surprising fast today ; although I believe it was bc I was completely engrossed in < PROPFIRST > !! ( stupid books ) 
Gotta go and turn in my time slips .... I miss the days of just punching in and out ... so much easier 
Why does it have to be crappy out on my day off ! Yesterday was < PROPFEMALE > nice ! 
The Sun's out ! Yay ! 
I hate playing fucking games !! 
A positive attitude causes a chain reastion of positive thoughts , events , and outcomes . Its a catalyst , a spark , that creates extraordinary results 
Off to another lovely boring day in South Haven ! Hope today goes by fast like Sunday did . 
Just got home from work ... it wasnt too boring today ! 
I dont have a phone until Friday when I get paid ... no minutes . So if anyone wants to get a hold of me , I guess ur just gonna have to FB message me . 
Nothing much going on today .. Im already done with work , so I think Im gonna try and take a nap til later 
Wow ! I actually ook a nap , a long one too ! WHy the hell is all this underlined ?? 
Another boring day at the house 
SOOO BORED !! 
Boy did I screw up .. I guess that should have been expected of me , I screw everything up ! 
Ok Im suppose to be falling down my waterfall into my paradise ... but I sometimes feel Im really tetering at the top of a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > about to fall into huge crashing waves throwing me against the sharp rocks and sucking me under the water 
I forgot what it felt like to be up for 24 plus hours .. I tried to take a nap , but my phone wont stop beeping ! 
When you depend too much on another person for your own happiness , then you are not really living your own life , are you ? 
Lets hope today is better than yesterday ... bc WOW !! 
Sometimes you just need someone to remind you of the good things about you , for you to see that about yourself . 
Damn storm ! I lost power and am now late to turn in my time slips !! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!!! I LOVE YOU SOOO MUCH AND I CANT WAIT TO SEE YOU !!! 
I hate how early 5 comes in the morning .. hope today goes by quick ... 
Mother F-ING DOG ate the croutch outta my Favorite Pants ! I am sooo pissed , they were my \ass pants ! \"" 
Holy shit am I tired !! 
Gotta clean the house , then get my hair trimmed , adn then out to dinner with my Mom ! 
Tonite feels like a good nite to < PROPFEMALE > out .. but its a Wednesday and everyone has to work in the morning .. including me ! 
Got wake up early and have coffee with < PROPFIRST > !! That was fun .. next time come when you cant stay so long ... lol 
Wish I didnt have to work today .. I gotta get shit done before I leave for TX ... oh well its only 3 hrs of cleaning someone else's house . 
Work was pretty good .. cleaned and dusted the lady's house .. and then we made COOKIES !! How cool is that :) 
I am super tired .. didnt wanna get up at 5 this morning ! 
Just got done talking to the love of my life ... my BABY ! I miss him < PROPFEMALE > much .. but the day is almost here when I get to go and bring him back to me !! 
Work for the next 12 hours .. then idk .. thinking about heading out of town early .. not sure tho 
Never thought this day was gonna come ... Im leaving in a few hours to go get my Baby !! Im so nervous about the drive and being down there , but I think the excitment about seeing < PROPFIRST > is overriding my anxiety . 
Ok so I was gonna leave in the wee hours of the morning .. but I was too tired for that ... so Im getting ready to leave now .. and I get to drive with all the damn cars and commercials on the radio 
I made really good time .. only took 24 hours to get to TX ! I was sooo happy to see and hold and kiss my baby !! :) I havent been able to stop loving on him all day !! 
Can't wait for tomorrow to come and go .. I'll be on my way home with my baby !! 
Court in a couple hours ... 
Court went well ... leaving for MI in a few hours !! 
Just got home from TX ... man what a long week !! 
I am sooo happy to have my baby home !!! :) :) :) 
Had an awesome day with my BABY !!! 
WOW !!!!!!! 
Sometimes I'd like to be able to reach thru FB and slap someone !! 
Dont you worry\ 
You\ll find yourself\ 
Tired as F !! Gotta work tomorrow .. but at least I get an extra hour of sleep !! 
Even with the extra hour of sleep I am still tired as heck !! Today Im actually gonna enjoy being bored at work ... hope I dont fall asleep on the job !!! 
Off to another lovely day in boresville !! 
Freaking tired ! Down in South Haven again tomorrow .. its sooo boring .. I kept nodding off while reading my book today .. gotta get to bed so that doesnt happen tomorrow ! 
No creamer for coffee .. and no cigarettes .. what a way to wake up in the morning ! 
Ugghh !! Laundry ! My most Hated chore !!! 
Happy Veterans Day to All Those Who Serve ... Especially all my friends and family ! 
Me : You're so cute ... William : Yea .. I know Im so cute : 0 ) 
Just got back from the parade !! It was < PROPFEMALE > cool .. William and I got to walk in with SSG Siddons and LTC Hudson , also saw Mr Weid !! Ahhh memories ..... 
Oh yea .. I finished all of my laundry ! Folded and put it away too ... rare for me to do it all at once ! Usually it just sits in the basket for another week !! lol .. go me ! 
My back hurts !! 
Getting ready to go grocery shopping !! If < PROPFIRST > will get outta the shower ! Hard press to get him in .. then he wont get out !! lol silly boy :) 
Old Mother Hubbards cupboards are no longer bare !! In fact I have to rearrange the cupboards to fit everything !! 
I cut < PROPMALE > hair ... he looks cute !! 
Burnin some cds ... hopefully they'll work in my cd player 
Making a real dinner !! :) 
Drinking coffee and listening to music before my little man wakes up ! 
My hair looks awesome today !! :) 
Had fun at my lil cuz's birthday party .. William is pretty tired !! :D 
Copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except a punch in the face . 
I need to quit smoking !!! 
Went to work this morning feeling ok , but tired ... came home feeling like shit .. fever , cough , headache .. tomorrows only gonna be worse =( 
I am definately sick !!! 
Been sleeping ALL day !! I feel sooo horrible !!! 
My head hurts < PROPFEMALE > bad !! I hope I feel better tomorrow .. I hate being sick !! 
I feel alot better today than yesterday .. my throat still hurts like crazy tho !! 
< PROPFIRST > just left with Grandma !! 
Work just called .. they think Im gonna sit at my old lady's house for 16 hrs .. 7am-11pm !! Yea freaking right !! The 12 hours I do is hard enough .. Im way too bored .. I dont do anything !! 
Its been 2 days without a cigarette so I think Im just going to quit . Ive been wanting to for a while anyway ... 
Not sure if I should be going into work this morning .. I feel like crap again . But Im gonna try it , I just dont wanna get my old people sick 
My throat is freaking killing me !!! About to take a nice hot shower and take some nyquil so hopefully I feel better soon !!! 
Where do you buy shoelaces ?? I have one pair to 3 pairs of shoes that I wear !! How the hell did that happen ??? 
Well I went to the Doctor .. just a virus . They gave me some steriods for inflammation .. if my script is free , I'll try it see if it helps .. if not I'll get better in a ferw days anyway 
Making litte pigs in blankets and macaroni and cheese for dinner :) 
< PROPFIRST > , naked says , \Smell my butt !! \"" 
Day 5 without a cigarette and going strong !! And I woke up today and my throat doesnt hurt so bad .. maybe Im getting better ..? 
Cleaning the house and doing half of my laundry tonite so theres not so much crap I have to do tomorrow . :) 
I think my favorite part of the day is morning ... I like to take my time waking up , drink some coffee , smoke some ..? cigarettes , read my horoscope and chat with friends online . 
Wow ! I look really skinny today ... 
I gotta get my ass in gear and finish my house work ! Im just lazy .. I wanna nap ! Tomorrow its back to the grind ... 
I broke down and bought a pack of cigarettes today ... not ready to quit . Maybe a New Year's Resolution .... 
Making a real dinner again ! Makes me happy .. probaly one of the things I miss most about being married ... 
Listening to my anthem .. 
Im so tired ... I hate waking up so early ! 
Just got home from work .. stole 2 beers from my Mom , ' bout to pop the top and indulge !! 
Cuddled with my Angel and watched a movie , tucked him into bed and read him his stories ... I love him sooo much !! 
I need to change my playlist ! 
Why do I always have to be the nice guy .. can't I be the mean vindictive bitch sometimes ! 
Why do you always have to be such a < PROPMALE > !! You are getting everything you want and you still have to be a total asshole to me !! 
< PROPFIRST > woke up all on his own this morning .. at 5 ! I normally get him up at 530 ... I get outta work early these next few days ..! 
Well I wanted to get a new tv for Christmas , prolly the only time I'll be able to afford one , but instead Im gonna get < PROPFIRST>'s pictures done . 
Lost my phone !! I hope I find it .... 
I am most Thankful for my Angel ! He saved me from myself almost 4 years ago , and he's saving me now . I LOVE YOU < PROPFIRST > <3 I am also Thankful for my friends and family ... putting up with me and thru my ups and downs .. Love you guys too ! Have a Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Had 2 good Thanksgiving Dinners and an awesome weekend . Learned how to change the oil in my truck .. now Im bad ass bc I can do it myself ! lol 
Saw this girl I used to chill with last nite .. yup definately happy about where Im at in life , with all the bumps , rather than where I could be in life . 
Very interesting horoscope today ..... 
Cleaned my house so I dont have to do it tomorrow .. this place was a wreck !! 
Getting < PROPFIRST>'s pictures done today ! I am < PROPFEMALE > excited !! 
Pictures turned out awesome !! < PROPFIRST > looked so handsome and he did a really good job !! 
Had a fun day with my Angel today .. got our pictures done , visited < PROPFIRST > , and went to the park ! Fun stuff !! :) 
Slept pretty darn good last nite .. too bad it was interupted by my alarm clock at 5 this morning !! 
I have to make hard decsions based on < PROPMALE > needs , not mine , reguardless of what everyone else thinks 
WOW ! The shit you can find out about people on FB ! Its fucking great ! 
I got a card from my scheduler at work saying thanks for joining the Spectrum Team ... that was kinda cool :) 
Only have to work for 3 hours tomorrow ... my hours are being cut back .. kinda sucks , but I get more time with my Angel ! 
Work for a few hours .. then Im bringing < PROPFIRST > up north until Saturday !!! I gonna miss him like crazy ! So I hope I can find stuff to do to occupy my time while he's gone .... 
Come on people .. driving in the snow is part of being a Michigander .. you should know to drive slower , anticipate traffic , and maybe instead of slamming on the brakes , just take ur foot off the gas petal and slow down ... then apply SLOW steady pressure on the brake ! 
Just dropped < PROPFIRST > off up north .. I miss him already :( 
Work and then laundry .. otherwise Im running around naked ! Its too cold for that shit tho ... lol I just HATE doing laundry !!! 
Wow .. its weird to sit here with nothing to do .. it makes me miss my baby :( 
I went to bed at 430 in the afternoon yesterday !! I wanted to take a nap , but apparently a nap turned into a very long nite's sleep !! 
Well I guess I better start the laundry .... 
From my experience people tend to say something and mean something else .. or what they say has hidden intentions as to what you're reply is . 
No internet .. sucks ! my back is out and its killing me !.. putting up the Christmas Tree later ! 
I never really meant for u to see the screwed up side of me i keep locked inside of me so deep it always seems to get to me 
Nap time is over .. now its time to put up the Christmas Tree ! So excited ! 
Dec05_003|Doesnt look too bad ... 
Made a real dinner ... finally conned someone up here so i could cook for them ... my mom ! cuddling with my little man ... my favorite thing to do .. hes so cuddly ! 
Finally ! im getting trained at the old < PROPMALE > community tomorrow and there's plenty of hours to pick up there ! makes for a couple of busy days .. but this is gonna be great for me ! 
Damn you sad movie ! 
The next couplw days are gonna be BUSY ... well actually the rest of december ! it would be alright if i wasnt missing out on the last couple wweeks with william ... but i gotta make that money ... 
Schedulers from work , get ur shit together ! They double scheduled me and this other girl in South Haven ... had a fun drive on shitty roads for 230 hrs ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s sick so no work for me ... one of those bittersweet things . Listening to < PROPMALE > manilow chillin .... 
I need to go to marys and borrow some different movies .. i have now watched all of the other ones i borrowed 
I fell asleep with my hair in a pony tail .. now my head hurts . 
I get to help my favorite old lady put up christmas decorations today ! then its 3 to 11 at the nursing home ... 
Dig down deep find my stash light it up ... 
Shit this sucks ! work canceled their shift on me ! 
The weight of < PROPMALE > departure is starting to get to me ... this week has gone by so fast . I only have one more week with him :( 
Im bored ... need something to do ... 
Kinda tired of this emotional rollercoaster of life .. isnt there a ride that just goes straight ? 
Took < PROPFIRST > ti see < PROPFEMALE > at the mall .. that was fun ! for the most part ... 
I was sooo close to getting a new phone ! now im pissed ! stupid boost ... and ur gay internet ! 
Man it sucks having a sick baby .. didnt sleep very well last night 
I need a back massage ... 
Im so excited to get our pictures back today ! 
Thinking about taking care of some bullshit in the garage ...? 
Ahhh .. the family christams party ... maybe i can bring my laptop ! 
Having coffee and petting my < PROPFEMALE > :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s having a blast playing in the snow with his cousins !! He's gonna be tired tonite !! :) 
Well that was fun ! now im home ... bored for the rest of the day :) 
Taking a hot bath ... ahhh feels so good :) 
Laundry today and i forgot to stop and get quaters .. cant wait til this time next month .. i'll have my own place with my own washer & dryer 
Work needs to come up off some hours !!! 
Going thru the rest of the shit i didnt go thru in july .. kinda packing for when i move but mostly making sure < PROPFIRST > gets all of his shit when he's up here next week . kinda liberating ! 
Stressin like a bitch ! 
Ok im making a conscious effort to be happy today ... we'll see how far i get 
Work for a few hours .. then nothing ... williams spending the nite with papa tonite 
5 
Fuck !! Payday came and it isnt nearly enough ...! 
I didnt see the danger thin ice sign .. i hope i dont fall thru 
I let my little man sleep in bed with me last nite ... and he damn near kicked me outta bed ! 
My last week with my angel :( 
I want a new ringtone and maybe a ringback ... but i dont know what to get ...? 
< PROPFIRST > will be in town in a few hours ... oh joy the fun begins ... on the other hand i got an awesome present from my aunt , cant wait to try it ! 
Fun in detroit tomorrow ... this should be interesting 
I HAVE TO PEEE !! 
Spending one of my last few nites with my angel .. Im gonna miss him sooo much ! 
I miss you as my friend .. I miss the days when you'd come rescue me .. You were my security .. 
But things changed from the very begining .. And I thought i needed you .. we had our angel and my life became about his 
You joined the Army .. I thought things would get better .. instead the distance tore us apart .. you never gave me what I needed .. and I didn't support you when you were gone 
I moved home knowing I wasnt going back to Texas .. it wasnt planned ... it wasnt what i wanted for < PROPFIRST > 
I wanted it for me .. and you wanted for you .. we are both happier but at our baby's expense ...? 
I can't wait for the holidays to be over ! 
Im just not quite in the holiday spirit .. 
Holy shit .. its thursday already !? :( 
Had some messed up dreams last nite ! 
I need a housework < PROPFEMALE > ... 
This sucks ... im getting ready for christmas and packing < PROPFIRST > to leave :( 
I cant wait to see < PROPMALE > face in the morning when he wakes up to find the presents under the tree !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !! I hope you all have an awesome day ! 
I cant wait for everyone to get here so we can open PRESENTS !!!! 
My angel is on his way to warmer weather :( 
I miss my baby :( 
I guess im going shopping with my xmas money ... that should cheer me up for a minute ... 
Im ready to start working out ! :) 
My cat pounced me last nite ... scared the shit outta me ... i thought i was getting kid knapped ! 
Getting ready to take the christmas tree down and rearrange my living room ... keeping busy I guess 
Went for a run tonite and just about died ! my legs are gonna hurt in the morning ... and i seriously need to quit smoking ! i cant freaking breathe !! 
I cant wait til friday ... i need a drink ! 
Im < PROPFEMALE > sore from working out ... but in a few weeks when i look super sexy ... it'll be worth it ! 
I miss my angel ... but hearing him tell me he loves me < PROPFEMALE > much puts a smile on my face :) 
My truck is a piece of shit ! 
Damn ! everybody on the OC was getting laid ! 
My New Year's Resolution is to quit smoking ... I cant breathe .. or support my habbit 
Damn ! I look sexy ! ;) 
I wish my baby was here ... I miss him < PROPFEMALE > much :( 
I lost a brand new pack of cigs .. I guess thats my sign to just quit instead of weaning down 
You should know by now Im gonna do what I want .. not what you want me to do :p 
Nothing to do today .. well nothing really to do until next thursday ... pretty shitty 
I have been saved ! work came thru on some hours !! :) 
Gonna start packing my house up ... 
Gotta love waking up annoyed 
Watching a movie and going to bed ... nothing to do tomorrow 
You're a < PROPMALE > ! Im glad we are not together anymore ... i wouldnt keep you from talking to him .. you think you're only hurting me when you do that ...? 
Fuck me and my bad luck !!! 
Sweat pants are on ... maybe there'll be a reason to get dressed and look pretty tomorrow 
Hmmm ... 
I am awesome ! i just programmed my remote for my dvd player and my tv ! 
Going to library and the to work ! bout damn time ... 2nd shift the rest of the week :( on a side note ... i got my flu shot yesterday and my arm is killing me !! 
Failure is delay .. but not defeat ; it is a temporary detour .. not a dead end street . 
Im a kinda picky eater .. so its weird to say that this cottage cheese salad is pretty good :) 
Its been a long time since I've woke up with a tude like this ! WOW ! 
I hate 2nd shift ... you wake up and wait all day to go to work ! how annoying ! 
Life is a runaway train you cant wait to jump on ... or off ... or in front of .. which will you decide ? 
Life is a runaway train you cant wait to jump on .. or off .. or in front of .. which will you decide ? 
Damn cat woke me up bc he was hungry ... 
Bored waiting to go to work ... and my stomach is all messed up ... 
Apparently Im no longer an aquarius ... Im now a capricorn . 
Slept like shit last night ... 
I slept like shit ... 
I better not get mandated tonight ! 
Theres no crying in Baseball !.. if i was born during wwII .. i so would have played for the all american girls baseball legue ! that would have been bad ass ! 
No tv , no internet , no book to read and no smoke ... what a great way to come home and relax after working all day ... NOT ! 
No tv , no internet , no book to read and no smoke ... what a great way to come home and relax after work ... NOT ! 
Wow ! I feel dumb ! I guess I misunderstood what was being said .... 
I wish i had internet so i can skype my baby ... i miss him so much ! i havent seen his beautiful angel face in almost a month ! :( 
Why do I always get the raw end of the deal ? maybe if I was still the bitch i was born to be people wouldnt take me for granted ... 
So i feel like running away and putting plan b into action ... any of my national guard friends wanna get a bonus and take me to see levendowski tomorrow ? 
Im stressed out and my back hurts ... i need a massage .. that sounds nice :) 
What a night ! got what i needed tho :) 
Dont worry I'll be fine .. i say goodbye to my mistakes so long to my regrets ... 
My backs hurts worse today than yesterday .. it feels like i got punched in the spine ! 
Yay ! i got called into work a shift today ! 
I am so tired ! havent slept well the past few nights .. cant get comfy ... 
Yay work ! wonder how my lady is feeling this week ... better i hope :) 
I woke up with a headache .. and no tylenol 
I thought I'd lay down and take a little nap before work .. but this stupid dog above me wouldnt stop barking , howling , or whining ! only a few more days left in this dump !! 
I wish I wasnt so gay ... 
Another headache ... except this one could easily turn into a migraine ... i need new pillows ... 
Going to work with a headache .. kinda sucks ! 
Ive got so much stuff to do before saturday and no motivation to do it ! 
Im so glad i packed most of my stuff a few weeks ago ... its my last nite in this shit hole ! 
I hate when people say things they dont mean ! 
Moved today ... of course nothing went right and everyone was irritated .. and i get to do it all over in a couple weeks ... oh joy 
Just got home from work .. its gonna be a long two weeks ... 
I was < PROPFEMALE > comfy ... i didnt wanna wake up ! 
Apparently Im a bad influence ;) 
Ugh .. draft beer ! 
Bout to start cleaning ... then work :) 
Really missing my angel right now :( 
I need my back cracked ... BAD !! 
So tired ... but at least im getting paid to watch tv all day :) 
I cant wait until 8 ! at least i'll be home at a decent hour tonite :) 
TGIF ! 
The sun is shinning ! :) 
I hate that asswipe ex of mine ! 
Now Im pissed off and annoyed ... going to bed ! I hope this doesnt reflect my attitude tomorrow ... 
I feel like for the next 15 years I'll always be grasping for something unattainable ... ripping my heart out in the process 
\Im a rambling man and that aint ever gonna change . ive got a gypsy soul to blame and i aint ever gonna change ... \"" 
Oh joy ... i get to work 3rd shift wed and thurs ... thats gonna suck but at least im getting hours ... 
My underwear are bugging me ... 
Sitting in front of a fireplace watching tv ... at work ! 
So it goes from snowing and blowing to calm and < PROPFEMALE > ...? 
Aww my angel misses me .. breaks my heart :( 
Sippin on some coffee .. smokin on some strong 
Its almost time for me to go home and go to sleep ...! 
The best birthday present you ever gave me ... our divorce !! :P 
Im so freaking tired .. bout to hit the hay ! 
Yay ! its my birthday weekend !.. dont know why im excited .. got nothing going on ... 
So much for a happy birthday ... i just love being blown off by everyone ! 
I hate my life ! Everyone can suck my < PROPMALE > ! 
I hate my birthday ... its always shitty ! 
If i didnt lose my weed i dont think i'd be so grumpy ... 
Thanks for all my bday wishes so far ... im gonna stop being a whiney bitch and enjoy my day :) 
Work Sucks ... I know 
I miss my baby sooo much !! :( 
My lil bro is getting deployed .. 
I love being a < PROPFEMALE > maid !... i wish you could hear the sarcasm in my words ... 
Oh you know what's on my mind ;) 
A walk in the clouds ... all time favorite chick flick ! 
I think i would have slept past noon if i didnt have to work ... 
Its official ! Im a single lady ! 
Its Gone with the Wind tonite ... 
Felt great to sleep in ... on my wa to detroit in a few hours ... 
Can't wait until later so I can relax in the hot tub !!! 
I feel like jelly :) 
Reminescing , looking at your baby pictures .... I miss you baby !!! :( 
I hate bitches talking shit , especially when they dont know what they are talking about ... stay the fuck outta my business !! 
I had to go thru and delete a bunch of people off FB ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day is Gay ... 
Aww ... William asked me to be his < PROPFIRST > ! i love you baby ! 
About to start cleaning mommy's house ... getting motivated first ;) 
FACEBOOK LAWS * ( 1 ) Keep your baby Momma/Daddy , ya boo , your ex , your friend , off your < PROPFEMALE > if they cant handle what they see . ( 2 ) Stop taking every comment or post so seriously or personally or out of context . ( 3 ) When you get into it with someone don't post it on your wall . ( We're Grown ) . EVERYONE START TODAY and if you agree , I DARE YOU TO REPOST ! FB has destroyed lives and relationships . IT'S NOT THAT SERIOUS 
Wow ... facebook is gay ! 
I hope i can figure out where this CPR training is at .... 
My mommy made an awesome dinner ! 
Wow this weather sucks ! my trucks door is frozen open !! 
Fuck ! someone come fix my door !! 
I miss my baby so bad it hurts !! :( 
You should feel it from the inside ;) 
I cleaned the house did the laundry shoveled from the plow and made some killer lasagna ! im badass !! :) 
Just woke up from a nap ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > to the fucking rescue ! 
Wow .. i hate drama ! 
Im hungry ... 
I actually slept in until 10 today ! wow ! 
Im cold and tired .. cant wait for after dinner so i can shower and go to bed ! 
Hit another speed bump .. 
I get to move for the 2nd time ... and Im still not moving into my house ! 
Just like driving down an open highway .. never knowing what we're gonna find 
I had a very strange dream last night 
Blueberry ! 
Im selling my truck .. any buyers ? 
I really need my baby .. its been 3 months since ive held and kissed my angel ... i miss him sooo much !!! 
Things that make you go hmm ...? 
Cause I am who I am ... thats the ( wo)man Im going to be ! 
I wanna do something tonite but theres nothing to do ! ugh .. im < PROPFEMALE > bored ! 
This is so gay ! im bored as fuck and the tv went out ! 
I guess im drinking nail polish remover with my moma 
What doesnt kill me will only make me stronger ! 
I will stand by you i will help you thru when you've done all you can do and you cant cope i will dry your eyes i will fight your fight i will hold you tight and i wont let go 
The tv has started its turn off game ... i guess that means im going to turn on the radio and clean the house 
Wow its really kinda nice outside ! yay ! come on spring ! 
Working 12 hours today .. bout time work picked up ! :) 
Getting more back from my taxes than i thought ! 
Fuck me !! if its not one thing going wrong its another !!! 
What a day ! i feel exhausted and i just got to work .. 8 more hours and today will be over with !! 
Yay its time to go home ! im so tired .. i hope i can sleep in tomorrow ! 
Wow it was sunny .. now its not :( 
Its like being fucked in the ass without any lube ! 
Its complicated , life's over rated 
I feel like yelling from a roof top as loud as i can .. but will anyone really hear me ? 
It 420 somewhere !! 
Tired ... 
I sold my truck ! 
Its gonna be so nice to see my baby on the computer tonite !! I havent seen his angel face in almost 4 months !! :( 
Things might be turning around for me ... just found out that my old job is gonna hire me back ... then I'll have 2 jobs so I wont be so poor :) 
Im a Nerd ! 
I cant wait til Tuesday when I get my new car ! 
Talked to my baby on skype .. it feels good to see him , but I'd rather hold him :( 
Im so tired .. where's the sun at so I can wake up ! 
I better be getting my car today ..! 
I got a new Hoopty ! Its not that bad ... gets better gas mileage than the jeep , so thats a plus . 
We're gonna sit around the kitchen .. get ourselves a little high and we're gonna lay around the shanty mama and get a good buzz on ! 
Ready to go home ... 
Watching the 3 stooges at work :P 
Sweetness ! its saturday !! 
Well this sucks ...! 
Who's hiring ??? 
Going to talk to some school's .. gotta get back on the path before I get lost in the woods 
ugh ! people annoy the fuck outta me sometimes ! 
If any of you got a message from me saying \STOP ALL\ " please ignore it .. I didnt send it .. FB did " 
I hate when I get confused ... 
I think Im gonna take a nap when I get back from putting in an app at Big Boy 
People really piss me off sometimes !! 
OMG ! I just woke up and today is already AWESOME !! I start at Vitos today making pizza and answering phones .. and I might have another job starting next week !!! 
No one should ever take themselves so seriously , with many years ahead to fall in line , why would you wish that on me I never wanna act my age Whats my age again Whats my age again 
I woke up in a really good mood .. but it was spoiled early on :( hopefully work later can turn it around ! 
getting ready to work for a few hours ... really all i wanna do is nap for a bit .. 
