Wow ... Lots and lots of comments .... well i have learned a very valuable lesson this weekend , and that is that i HAVE to learn to cook 

I need a new job . hate all this waking up at 5 and coming home at 5 
Man bear pig is real 
too tired , hate getting to asu on the bus 
First day ... excited yet nervous wat bout you guys 
So much work on my first day ... : l 
Bored more than the term \ bored out of my mind " 
In class , hahahaha i would not be able to do this in high school 
No one is on , this sucks 
Wants to go home and sleep 
we normal people are < PROPMALE>'s while \special\ " people are pc's " 
want a to sleep a but cant a since a he has a to much a work yes thats how you say correctly yes ? 
I'm on a boat motherfucker and dont yha ever forget 
< PROPMALE > language is so annoying 
I need sleep 
bout to go see zombie land finally 
The Boondocks Saints 2 was AWESOME 
I hate procrastinating , yet i still do it 
doesn't wanna go to his three hour class(sad face ) 
cant wait to get home and play assassins creed zwei 
/Users/Shinigami/Desktop/nofoodon . png 
is debating wether to go to school tomorrow 
I WANT TO GO HOME 
I have finally found the TRUTH ! and i got mgs4 
i dont wanna do a project and a paper by tomorrow .... Procrastination rules !!!!! 
needs to write two 8 < PROPFEMALE > papers for 1 class 
< PROPMALE > is school 
just had a wonderful evening with < PROPFEMALE > 
Well since everyone is doing it ... < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS 
Got Dragon age origins gonna see what all the fuss is about 
Has to say that darksiders actually looks pretty cool 
I likes masuka ; from < PROPMALE > 
holy crap can't believe Im a sayin this but i wanna go back to schools , to get more of mines edumacation 
You know I just figured this out . Starting from 8 35 to three i only have fifteen minutes in between all my classes mon , wen and friday , Looks pretty horrible 
happy new year , shower time 
so according to mythbusters drinking hard liquor and beer does not give you a worse hangover than just beer ... 
I wanna go eat at Mooby's now 
key to joy is disobedience 
So much studying , When will this end !!!!! 
So im guessing its sprint vs tmobile , and verizon and at&t 
Oh yhea i have an a in my cis 105 class , off to a good start i suppose 
Whats the first thing that comes to your mind when u hear i pad ? 
Only thing i hate about cooking is the cleaning 
So yhea i forgot my wallet and phone , but not ipod ... so im good 
Hey everyone that plays farmville , please gimme stuf to build my stable 
seriously , how can the colts have lost 
All who are on in facebook and have a farmville , help me build my storage unit 
Ahhhh what happened to my facebook !!!!!! 
F *** I lost the game 
One thing and one thing only , slipknot , amazing , that is all continue on ... 
Oh power rule how i love thee 
Is thinking that his video games misses him , so to the video games !!!! hoo rha !!! 
Rain rain go away we dont want you anymore 
and i still have a girlfriend 
I wonder why when I do study I get a low score but when I don't study I get a high score ? hmm , I wonder I wonder says I speaking the words that are spoken by me 
My first college spring break and i have to spend it with my family What are ur thoughts on this people 
ah , southpark , such a good show 
Im pregnant 
I dont wanna write a paper ... yet i will 
so yhea interviewing people is tiring who would have thought right 
So yhea South Park made fun Facebook , ah South Park what will they do next , this is sad 
im HUNGRY But what to get 
baba < PROPFEMALE > mow mow , baba < PROPFEMALE > mow mow 
So yhea where has this semster gone , only feels like yesterday classes were starting again 
Too much bloody homework , and they say this is just the beginning of life ? FML 
is saying GOODMORNING . had a night last night and now im pumped up for today hoo rah 
is saying GOODMORNING . had a night last great night and now im pumped up for today hoo rah 
is saying GOODMORNING . had a great night last night and now im pumped up for today hoo rah 
So yhea what the hell < PROPFEMALE > , I mean I know most of ur people dont know where some countries are but really Mexico ??? you can at least teach people these days where the two < PROPMALE > neighbors of this country are . I mean its only two for < PROPMALE>'s sake . Sigh 
So much studying 
So yhea Precal final tonite , think im ready , vectors though sigh 
So yhea never gonna lose computer charger ever again , 80 dollars is just too much when ur poor 
So apparently i like myself who knew 
Just got home from work , 11 and a half hours , up from 5 work start at 7 1 hour of break , bed time i think , after i nice hto shower 
Thanks to all the people that said Happy birthday :) thnks 
You know im when people ask me what im studying for my degree and i tell them physics , people that have never had that subject ask me , what is that ?, and the one's that have taken a couple classes call me crazy and good luck ... 
Yhea go germany 4-0 against australia 
So yhea , guess this song :\ 
Im like < PROPFEMALE > Solo stroking my own wookie ... 
HAPPY FATHERS DAY TO ALL FATHERS PUT THEIR < KEEP DOING A GOOD JOB !!!!!! 
Sigh , what i need is sleep , but just sleep , dont want to dream anymore , hurts to much 
So yhea just figured out myself that i lost a relationship because i was to ashamed to admit my mistake , i never meant to stop being passionate about her , but the worry was so big that that was what i was thinking about , but as soon as i fix one i lost the other , sigh fml 
well my turn turn to turn in , sigh busy busy day tomorrow , dont think i will go to sleep till 3 sunday , night < PROPFEMALE > , and good luck to all the people out there , for whatever reason , to the depressed , happy , joyfull , sad , regretfull , just remember to always smile :) 
so hahahahaha germany winning , f yhea 
Well what happens happens for a reason right ? just understanding that past is the hard part , but all we can do is try right ? 
Ah , good way to end a weekend after a sad week , but each day hurts less and less :) , i can get through this right ???? Yeps i can , like a good friend told me , if you truly love something , let it go , and if it comes back its meant to be , if not , well be happy , you have friends , we will tread this ground together , thanks to all the people that have offered their support to me 
So shower then job interview at old job place , new owner , and workers say better , that and i get to worl in kitchen this time 
ugh , summer classes start tomorrow ... :( but hey gots me a job , balance out ? maybe ? 
So just learned that facebook has a maximum of 5000 friends , thats way to many 
Ugh , tomorrow have work from 2 to 9 ... And school at tempe before that 
3more hours , so tired , and crap gots hw due tomorrow , work work work 
7 more days to mayhem :) , f*ck yhea !!!! 
So was thinking , if people break the laws in science , mean like the laws of physics(somhow ) that would make you a criminal right ? 
Yay dont have work till sat :) 
bout to get blood drawn , yippee ??? 
Hate old people , reallly there is nothing wrong with that , just some paint to touch up and done , nothing ever happen , gah even my truck got no damage , sigh should have check if the pain was white 
Beam me up snotty 
So ive decided if i ever get cancer , throwing a huge party , and you guys come coffin shoppin wit me , dont want none of that pity thingy , i wanna go in style :) 
So the 4.0 dnd is not bad , actually much easier 
Holy crap , get off school , then week and a half later , school starts again 
So uh guys cameras are off so u dont need to go 5 under the speed limit in the freeway , is all 
Funny thing about humility . Just when you think you've got it , you've lost it , hahaha love fortune cookies 
ugh two weeks left for summer school , then new semster , but on bright side just made 250 on first week of work , so stick your head up high and blow ur brains out , funny song , only soing bout suicide that makes it sound fun 
So texting been around since around 1992 
so hangin wit friends tonite , no work , 
So was just playin ninja Gaiden 2 and i noticed that killing people with old m < PROPMALE > ial < PROPMALE > weapons are very messy , just walls full of blood sometime , funny how it never gets on his body though 
So um just found out that the ancient egyptians believed that some god masturbated and created everything ... CREEPY : 0 
So yhea hate it when i die , cuz then i go back to save point and i have a mole yell at me 
So someone made me notice that for the longest time i have been spellin yeah wrong .... 
If ur 555 then im 666 whats it like to be a HERETIC !!! 
Must finish papers , must grade gooder 
So my closet is definitely a black whole , just found a hat thats been buried for the past year or longer 
HAHAHA I may have forgotten somethings about whom i was from my past , but now that I've grown and remember these things I can now face the present with my new found weapons 
= cvlsnfclkndsckln dpsichvpirw'hfvihwarvifsvn dsoubvncosdbnvads cm owejfbqa cljkqewbnfoqwnd , wqdfnbqw pi13wnq 
hooray for < PROPMALE > fries 
So according to fox , afghan terrorist are training monkeys on how to shoot american soldiers : 0 
Sigh its sux seein < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in all his old movies , rip < PROPFIRST > 
Finally finished last paper of this class , should really learn not to leave hw to be done at last < PROPFEMALE > . dont know how i pulled of writing three papers in less than a night 
The Office ... AMAZING 
Financial aid office line is very long these days 
Hahahaha i love how i get a b in a class where i didnt try so hard 
you know a mind is a terrible think ... 
Hahaha going through room packing , its funny how many little things you find laying round can bring up so many old memories ... then see the stupid mistakes you do when ur younger and just smile at it while calling urself a dumbass 
ugh , i am dead after today , work was annoying , as soon as you think ur done , boom something happens that makes you stay later , oh well , mean i got like 3 extra hours today 
Well time for life to start ... 
gonna go < PROPFEMALE > wit my cuz , finally not bored no more 
sooooo f-ing bored !!!!! 
I think its funny how you hear black on tv a lot more(refering to black people ) 
people are so ODC 
Tooddle motherfukeeeeeeer 
Hey did you guys know protons have mass ? Yeah I didn't even know they were catholic 
tall foreigner walk way too fast 
< PROPMALE > is not just a dog , but the guardian of the dead 
save the cheerleader , save the world 
I think math is easy when i am extremely tired ... weird ??? 
Time for shower after an hour of working out 
I wonder if lol will ever die 
Naps are amazing , nuff said 
Body is so sore !!!! but it seems working out a bit more relieves that tension ... think gonna pay for that tomorrow morning .. ugh 
< PROPFEMALE > pong is fun 
boondock saints ... amazing , period 
I hat epeople who say ah and um every three words 
so i have 33.5 gigs of music ... just music not counting movies and videos ... 
Cheech and < PROPFIRST > , part of my heritage :) 
sigh , guess its time to go work out 
Sigh gotta get this math stuff fixed ... 
So saw an episode of beavis and butthead ... how did we watch that show , it was so f-ing stupid ... 
< PROPFIRST > wants a snuggie guys , get him one 
So yeah just saved like 41 dollars in groceries , which made me think , im gnna be eating gooood for the next 2 weeks 
i <3 penis 
Dont worry we are the good guys remember 
good football game 
my back is like totally getting bigger and so are my arms and legs , hahahaha , working off is actually paying off :D !!!!!!! 
so apparently eggs and bacon is gourmet food for college students , i say they need to learn to cook ... 
Holy crap food is amazing after working out .... FFFFFFFOOOOOOOOODDDDDD !!!!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D 
Ok so working out means more food , sigh ... its soooooooo good 
Old disney movies make feel OLD 
Hey guys guess what , im in limbo , yeah take that catholic faith it does exist , well time to goes save some more souls , see yha 
I love doing physics , just hate how sometimes how easy it can be after working a problem for a long time , then figure how to do it , then feel stupid , but proud at same time 
Ok so when u hear < PROPMALE > , what race do you think of ? white black hispanic indian , come on dont be shy do tell 
Just because people question things does not mean that they dont know how to accept , which is the sad par , because we as humans have one of these things , some who fight for a point never ending , or others whom accept everything that happens to them , i believe to lead a good life we have to use both so that we may lead a life of understanding but at same time not to let others walk over us 
Going swimming to work out , fml 
One thing , yogurt = amazing 
FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD is amazing !!!!! nuff said 
we are living the future !!!!! 
Note to self , have to much music , do not delete music from i pod ever again , took me 50 < PROPFEMALE > to download once more 
So cl4p becomes an assassin ???? 
If you can dodge a wrench you can dodge a ball 
nevermind , calc is fun 
FOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD 
I go through games like a player goes through women 
He laughs at himself , never runs out of things to laugh at 
knock knock\ 
whos there\ 
dude\ 
dude who ? \ 
DUDE wheres my car !!!! 
its official , i can run a mile in 12min and 15 sec 
Holy mother of fuck ... have never heard of this before . 
A woman who seeks to be equal with men lacks ambition . Ouch !!! -fortune cookie 
Watching english people play < PROPFEMALE > pong is actually funny , piss of , twat , you know the cuss words they use is funny to hear 
dunkin donuts in the morning !!!! 
I take a couple uppers , i take a couple downers 
Dangit wanna watch < PROPMALE > , but dont have channel 
so its 1 in the morning cant sleep so im gnna study ? wtf world ? whats happening here ? 
milk+chocolate syrup = orgasm , in my mouth 
Come sail away 
So colny got me hooked on cafe world ... sigh 
Im beat 
So was seeing divorce court , this women has a huge sex drive , cept the guy no wanty the sex ... its like the roles were reversed ... 
ok maybe ill play dead rising 
so when a guy stalks a girl its just creepy , when does it , who here agrees with me when a girl does it its five times as creepy 
So nascar is only for the stupid and poor-south park ... ahhh i love that show 
ith great mustache comes great responsibility 
But why is the rum gone ? 
Ugh , time to start studying once again for these stupid exams this week 
I like how when doin calc , some problem take like a corner of the < PROPFEMALE > , where as others take almost half a < PROPFEMALE > , but oh well , on my way to mastering this , ugh , dumb mastery test 
I love peace and quiet ... 
So just figured out i have been studying for the wrong exam , right subject , diffrent exams 
How is k mart still in business ? 
SO FULL 
Spider pig !!! 
< PROPFIRST > = < PROPMALE > Affleck 
What does hogwas mean , and why co people say it still ????? 
Bout to take a mid term , sigh , so tired , want to sleep 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give ... you a weird ... nickname . 8 . Challenge you to repost this ! 
If you have had a horse who has made you laugh , brightened your life , silently accepted your tears without judgement , snuggled with you , knew your faults and forgiven you anyway , make this your status . Horses are a gift most of us don't deserve . Repost this if you have or have had an amazing equine 
wants the new all that remains cd 
305 
< PROPMALE > !!!!! 
You & I wake up in jail together . What would you say to me ? ( NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy & paste this in your status -- fair is fair ) 
Can anyone imagine going to jail for sexually offending yourself ? 
\And Shepherds we shall be\ 
woot , i weigh 315 , from 330 to 315 , im proud of myself 
Hey its those two idiots again 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid ! They made me do chores , go to school . They gave me a curfew , made me get a job and work for the things I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school and my job and take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , a good work ethic and ... respect ... for the law . I thank God everyday ... for my MEAN parents ! ( copy and paste if you agree ) 
Dont cross the road if you cant get out of the kitchen !!! 
Girl : your going to be a father\ 
Guy : Im pregnant ? 
i wanna learn to river dance ... 
token your black , you can play the base-cartman 
BAM . fuck can't believe that just happenedis it dead ? 
Taking random walks are amzing when you wanna clear your mind 
Those who dont protect their friends are worse than scum 
love playing piano 
replace is such an ugly word , we upgraded ... 
They used cthulhu ... never thought they would 
had a fun time tonight 
so i think i figured out why men have jobs out of their house when they are married 
I really want pancakes 
so 2 < PROPFIRST > is like two pac , he keep comin out wit albums even after death ... 
THIS IS A FREE COUNTRY ... \ 
No it isn't , its a democracy , and most of us don't like what u doin here . 
HOW DOES SOMEONE LOSE A WHEELCHAIR !!!! 
Yes makin me self some pancakes !!!! 
Just a small town girl 
live young , die fast , make a pretty corpse :) 
He deers to kill a kings dare 
So i have decided , Chopin HAD to been on crack or something when composing his music ... 
whoa , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > was in jumper ... did not know 
Need to get my self a camera ... BLACK FRIDAY !!!!! 
Gonna give Eternal Sonata a try once more 
LET the DOGS OUT !!! 
has decided that J.K. Rowling is a bitch ... I mean she kills of dobby ... sigh i liked that lil elf ... 
One word , PANCAKES !!!!! 
' Appy ' anksiving mates 
Vittoria Agli Assassini !!!!!! 
Got Castlevania : Symphony of the Night free by buying the new Castlevania : Lords of Shadow www.konami.com/castlevania 
MINIONS listen , i have yogurt now , EVERYTHING WILL be fine now , THANK YOU , that is all 
Ok , when PRIEST comes out , you guys should go see it 
Colby : Nothin funny bout hittin your funny bone\ 
Luis : not for you but for me it is funny , HAHAHAHAAHA 
Love the feeling after a workout 
breakfast for dinner , what part of that does not sound right ? 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB until Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . 
hahahaha my friend just told me to stfu while she was playin through fire and flame , haahahaha 
So saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > tonight awesomeness 
working behind the scenes is always fun 
dont know wether to faceplay or youbook 
I know my uses\ 
I have my pride\ 
but my heart is still untamed 
A normal person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I know 97%of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% that doare my friends . In honor of someone that died or is fighting for your freedom please post ... 
ok ... so severeral people are doing this i so idecided why not : The number game : Mail me a # from 1-1000 & I'll tell you how I feel about you in a status without anyone knowing . Remember your # ! 
6109- hahaha even though its only been couple months , it was good times when we spent throwin crap out the window , and cookin stuff , but best part is that i have seen what road s i can go down with and able to choose which ones i want , and messin with peoples thoughts can be fun 
7896- well ever since we met we did not get along , funny thats how it was with most people in high school , anyway yha we hated each other , but did not mean we did not have fun those four years , even if ur temper was always short with me , and were annoying like crazy , i still love yha like a sis 
3756- it was always funn hanging out with you , evertime i was wit you it was always enjoyable , you were always nice to me , and hanging out in six flags was awesome , we should all get together an do that again ... 
well time to work out , shoulder blades are killin me though , hmm what should i do ??? 
i want to try the red pill 
: .? l ?. ——Volume——— .? l ?. \ 
: ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? \ 
: < PROPFEMALE > - – – – – – –— -?< PROPMALE > 
cannot be < PROPFEMALE > eve jet < PROPFEMALE > plays the monkey < PROPMALE > ... 
< PROPFIRST > dinero crossdressing is just awesomeness 
has just noticed that there is to much cleaning to do by tuesday 
ahh black sabbath 
inbox me and confess something that you've always wanted to TELL me or ASK me . itss privatee i promisee . (: put this as your status . you might be surprised . dont worry , i wont tell :D 
think i prefer the cricket in my dorm room right bout now 
hahahahaha , using my laptop as a router , i win 
yha know what i just noticed , < PROPFIRST > is a jew .. yet he knows christ is real , mean he has interacted with him ... 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas ya'll have fun , be safe , and dont get that drunk , he he 
yep , did not really feel christmas this year , hope everyone else had a blast though :) 
Seeking nothing , \ 
he gains all ;\ 
forgoing self \ 
the universe\ 
grows \I \"- \ 
\what should i do ? should i go back to my friend and admit i was wrong ? nah im just gonna keep being a dick ... \"- Eric Cartman " 
I like how a number calls me and i dont pick up , but when i call back it says the number has been disconnected ... weird dontcha think 
you and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . 
went to dentist , aparently i need dentures ... or do i ??? 
Hate it when you thought emotions were gone and they come up rushing all at once , what a way to ruin a perfectly good night ... 
\Save the cheerleader ... \"" 
Repost this if you , or someone you know , or maybe someone you know knows someone who knows someone who knows someone else .... in fact just repost this if you don't know anyone , because you never know -- someone you don't know might just read it and will tell someone they know about it . 
\Zynga not liable ... \ 
< PROPMALE > wake fun game 
Back in dorms 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( let's see who gets it and follows the instructions -- P.S. Don't give it away as reply 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ... Good movie 
I push my fingers into my eyes , its the only thing thats slowly stops the ache , but its made of all the things I have to take , jesus it never ends it works its way inside , if the pain goes one , im not gonna make it 
party of ten people is fun , but a party of 30 people would be twice as much fun :) 
boy meets world , so many years seen i have not 
So just did the buffalo wild wings challenge and won , 3 < PROPFEMALE > and 40 sec ... yay ? 
< PROPMALE > is not the son < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
\and if we are dead ? \ " \ 
DESPITE ALL OF MY RAGE\ 
Im still just a RAT IN A CAGE 
So roommate says it is only gay if you look in each others eyes ... 
bulletstorm must get game when it comes out 
dont leave food in your room cuz it will attract ants , and possibly < PROPFEMALE > o < PROPFIRST > 
I like going comatose , hallucinating vividly then have amnesia when i get out of a comatose state 
you know shang hai\ 
of course i love japan 
superbowl , who you think gonna win ? 
Steelers should have won , oh well , next year maybe right ? 
Always forgive your enemies , but never forget the name of your enemy- J . F . Kennedy 
Mayhem Festival ... God smack , Disturbed , Megadeath , Machinhead ... and more ... cant wait 
My cats breath smells like cat food-Ralph 
So if facebook ever goes down , how do we notify people that its down ? lol 
Well today is bromance day , is love between two guys , its not gay love but bro love .... lol 
If it weren't for electricity we would all be watchin tv by candle light 
If you're not scared put this on your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) Crazy . ( 2 ) I'd marry you . ( 3 ) I want to date you . ( 4 ) Sarcastic . ( 5 ) I miss you . ( 6 ) I'd kiss you . ( 7 ) a dork ( 8 ) Smart . ( 9 ) Imaginative . ( 10 ) Random . ( 11 ) Hot . ( 12 ) Funny . ( 13 ) Fit . ( 14 ) Amazing . ( 15 ) Tough . ( 16 ) Cute . ( 17 ) I'd hit you with a bus . ( 18 ) I love you . ( 19 ) I would stab you ( 20 ) Great friends . 
happy pie day guys 
RIP < PROPMALE > giraldo 
When is < PROPMALE > coming back 
there is nothing gay about it , its guy love 
So what is it and women with their couch pillows , mean i think two is enough , more than that and their is way too many , but thats just mean , who agrees with me ? 
I CANNOT WAIT FOR GEARS 3 
i know , nature is dangerous , thats why i believe in pollution , hit them first\ 
-colbert 
so before the 1800 , close to 1900 , that the new year was at the end of march 
Give a man a fish and he eats for a day . Teach a man to steal fish and he will eat until caught , like a fish . 
So do lawyers have lawyers ? 
R . I . P M . Chuy 
Before i forget , happy new year guys 
im the dude playing the dude disguised as another dude 
Survival of the Fittest\ 
In the wild , there is no health care . In the wild , health care is , ‘Ow , I hurt my leg . I can’t run . A lion eats me . I’m dead . ’ Well , I’m not dead . I’m the lion . You’re dead . 
