Dillion , the pretty gray cat has gone missing ... I am very sad and worried 

1st and 2nd degree burns on my left hand and am out of work until at least Monday ... Not Happy . 
Dr Released me to go back to work Monday ! Still sore but should be no lasting effects of the burn 
Thanks to all my friends and family that want me to join with them on apps , but I have started blocking some because I do not really < PROPFEMALE > out online enough to play them . Sorry , no offense is meant , just not my thing right now . 
I always knew you would \Love another day\ " what I did not realize then is that I was \ " Head over heals\ " ... There were \ " words I couldn't say \"" 
May < PROPMALE > find peace . Prayers to his family and all in < PROPFEMALE > who know what he has done for all of us ! Camelot has lost its < PROPMALE > ! 
I took you to \Mayberry\ " and have always told you what \ " My Wish\ " is ... and that brings us back to \ " These Days \"" 
I used to ask myself \How strong are you now ? \ " But too see your \ " secret smile\ " I would be \ " Better Now \"" 
\The man in love with you\ " \ " Drove all night\ " pass the \ " Oklahoma Texas line\ " on a \ " Broken Road\ " to get to my \ " Dry county girl \"" 
If you had to pick one word to describe me , what would it be and why ? 
Another Drs appointment in the morning , I really hope there is new meds involved and an improvement with it !!! 
Increased meds and gave me something new for Anxiety attacks .... whats next I wonder ????? 
out in Haight looking for lunch ... anyone want to join me ?? 813-789-0392 
is at SFO all alone . missing my puppy , boy , and bay area friends already . Thank you all for making it such an awesome trip !!! Until we meet again ! 
is back in gray amd gloomy Tampa Bay 
allright meds and bed Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > 
please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 93% wont Copy and Paste this , will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
now knows the light at the end of a tunnel WAS a train ! 
Yeah my activities are no longer automatically posted to my wall !!! No one has to < PROPMALE > through my apps crap 
Can you say hositle work enironment ?? 
Time to find that inner peace again ! no more anger ! no more anger ! no more anger ! I hope ! 
knows \the song remembers when .... \"" 
Song of the day is For Good from Wicked !!! 
Why are all my computer techies in other cities ? I need help here !!!!! 
Its Official . Reverend < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . now to reading up on marriage laws in 6 states and the District ! 
For those of my friends NOT playing Cafe World ... I promise to not go overboard posting things to my wall ... I find it annoying when I get too many so I will not do it to you all . But there may be one or two every now and again . 
Has to wonder why there is not a privacy setting to post to Cafe Friends only ? That would make since to me ! 
Sunshine , pool , naked men and women ... Am I sure I want to move ... Yeah nevermind 
525,600 minutes .... I love you boy 
Feels at peace . Stll have to wonder about some of the people I work with . Time to mix a drink and eat something . 
After today I only have 30 days at this Cluster #% ?! Please some one take me away this weekend . 
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE .... Go to my profile and click on the \Relay for Life\ " badge and support me in my walk for the American Cancer Society ! " 
It is amazing the clarity that comes with anger , Now that anger needs to be released to find my peace . Not a hard process , IF you just let go . So when you hear a big BOOM coming from this way just ignore it ... I am dropping a shopping mall on someone who desearves it ! 
Has realized that this is his 5th smokefree 4-20 . 
20 days and counting !!! 
Well its Official . The end of this week markes the end of my job here in Florida . I will be flying to Chicago on the 25th for IML , then heading to St < PROPFIRST > to pick up my stuff and head off to Russellvile ! I am so looking forward to this . \ 
Thank you to all the amazing people I have meet over the last year here in Florida ! Keep in touch ! 
Sitting at my gate . Thinking how blessed I have been the last few months . There is no way to express my thanks for sharing your life and home with me . 
Landed in Chicago . Now what ? 
Knowing it's over and seeing it is over are entiely two different feelings . And it hurts 
Off to St < PROPFIRST > this morning !!!!! 
Made it to St < PROPFIRST > and am very happy to be here . I will be shining at JJ's tonight during Mr Heartland Bear contest . Come say hi 
Great night at JJ's . It's good to be home 
My father is picking me up this morning to take me \home\ " . It has been so great to be back in StL . I will see you all soon " 
Made it to the lake and already enjoying the quiet 
Rainy and relaxing kind of day . I love the lake !!! 
GUESS WHAT !!! It is legal , tagged , and insured !!!! I am mobile ! and just in time I have a job interview tommorrow !!!!! YEAH 
Had a good day today ... Except , there may be something wrong ith the car under the hood . But I have a couple solid job leads ! so things are still good !!! 
Anyone want a house boy ? 
I have a job !!! More details later ! 
At a food show in Columbia ... Let the good times role !!! 
I am so tired tonight ! The food show was wonderful and the new boss and I got some great sample and fun things to try ! 
Cooking today at The Boathouse . Bands playing , sun is shinning , and the pool will cool you off !!! Come out and say \hi \"!" 
Hiding from the heat today . Have to run to the post office then it's back here before the real heat sets in !!!! 
In the morning I go to the celebration of one amazing Women's return to the Kingdom of < PROPFEMALE > . Grammy < PROPFIRST > you were a light on earth . The correct and true personification of Christian and Morman . 
Prop 8 has been found un-Constitutional !!!! 
Cooking at the Boathouse . Come say HI !! 
Thinking about \Mayberry\ " and wonder if a certain friend would like to come for a visit ? " 
Three days off ... Sorta ! Off to Springfield , MO Tommorrow for both pleasure and buisness . 
Made it to Springfield . I am a very person . 
I am a very blessed man . The heavens have smiled on me and I am so very humbled . May the person that created this feeling never be parted from my world again . 
Overhead in a bar ... I didn't see you there , you must have just slid in !! 
The bad news ... It is a quarter till noon . \ 
The good news ... I am just getting out of bed ! 
Checked in at Parkville on Scruff for iPhone 
Back at the lake at The Boat House !!! 
Ignorance shines brightest in the dimmest of minds . \ 
-Me 
Back at the Boat House and it is a gorgeous day here at The Lake ! Come have a drink and some great food 
Back home in the Ville ! 
did anyone get the plate number of the BIG RED < PROPMALE > TRUCK that ran me over multiple times . 
Go MIZZOU 
Can I have a d o-o ver ? 
Just say NO .... to drunk posting on FB !!!! 
My iPod thinks I am in Ft Luaderdale , FL ... I wish ! LOL 
Wish he did not have to go back . Thank you < PROPMALE > for working with me this weekend ! 
Checked in at < PROPMALE > City on Scruff for iPhone 
Checked in at Westgate Lanes on Scruff for iPhone 
Checked in at Home on Scruff for iPhone 
just is . That is all , Thank you . 
I am really tired of passive- aggressive taunts !!!! Need to get away from it all ! 
Checked in at Hastings on Scruff for iPhone 
Checked in at Walmart on Scruff for iPhone 
Sleep has yet to < PROPFEMALE > me off to neverland !!! 
Checked in at < PROPFIRST>'s Pizza & Steakhouse on Scruff for iPhone 
Checked in at Hy Vee on Scruff for iPhone 
My phone will be off a couple of days . Sorry to anyone who tries to call ! Send me an email if you need to talk to me 
Has decided that crying in a kitchen is acceptable when making French Onion Soup from scratch !! 
Tat , tat , tatting away 
Kansas City here I come !!!! 
Checked in at Gladstone MO on Scruff for iPhone 
Checked in at Knollwood Apartments on Scruff for iPhone 
I have the greatest best friend in the world . I love and miss you more then you know ! 
I hate long drives at night !!! 
There is a new < PROPFEMALE > inthe heavens tonight ! I love you Grandpa and will miss you deeply ! 
Ladies and Gentleman ( LOL)\ 
It is official ..... I just paid for and recieved the keys to my very own apartment ! I am now living near 72nd and N Oak in Gladstone ! \ 
It is a great little one bedroom apartment in a house with a private entrance , kitchen , in apartment storage , and built in bookshelves . I am so excited ! 
Checked in at Jasz's 425 on Scruff for iPhone 
Checked in at < PROPFIRST>'s Donuts on Scruff for iPhone 
Good night < PROPFEMALE > 
Checked in at Kansas City Renaissance Festival on Scruff for iPhone 
Thanks to wonderful friends I am spending the day outside looking at ..... 
Down 8 pounds and 2% body fat !!!! 
Happiness is home backed chocolate chip cookies !!! 
Down 2.5 lbs and . 5% 
Hi-ho Hi-ho it's off to work I go !!! 
I had a really bad and good night all rolled\ 
Into one . First the bad .... I went to the bar that Jaz and I spent a lot of time in before ge passed in 2001 .... I miss him ! Good was able to see my \son\ " perform tonight and he has grown so much . Second I have accepted my role in this world !!!! " 
Checked in at Sister's house on Scruff for iPhone 
Checked in at Barnes & < PROPMALE > on Scruff for iPhone 
Checked in at Laundroplex on Scruff for iPhone 
We should be at my storage place in Chicago by 1 o clock . 
Checked in at Joliet , Illinois on Scruff for iPhone 
Checked in at DeKalb Oasis on Scruff for iPhone 
Is anyone else having facebook app issues or is it just my iPod ? 
Checked in at Sidepockets on Scruff for iPhone 
Fresh baked bread . SO GOOD ! 
Just so you know ... Having a panic attack in a walmart on a Sunday afternoon is so not reccomended . Time to take a pill !!! 
Let the dough rise for an hour and a half .... What to do , what to do !!! 
Challah is in the oven baking !!! It looks so good !!! I love fondiling bread dough ! 
Thank you for going out with me . Just Thank you . 
I need outta the house ... Someone come save me !!! 
It's the end of the world ... I have no Duct tape 
http://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2010/17dec_solsticeeclipse/\ 
\ 
Blessed Solstice to you all . This is the longest night of the year . And to many a night of great power and rebirth . A full Lunar Eclipse withs it peek at 2:17 am cst happens tonight ! Take a moment to celebrate ! 
So much for a short nap and on the road by noonish . I slept for 10 hours and am leaving now to get gas and get on the road ! So glad I didn't try to drive this morning now !!! 
So I made it here awhile ago . Safe and sound 
Checked in at Starbucks Coffee on Scruff for iPhone 
Pay it forward fun .... I promise to send an item made by me to the first 5 people who comment and promise to do the same 
I got two Moose Drool Pint glasses !!! 
And cue the conversation about cinnamon yet again !!! 
I made homemade crepes this morning filled with a tropical homemade jelly of pineapple , mango , papaya , and orange ; the drizzeled it with dark chocolate sauce ! 
Well my car is in a ditch but there was no collision or injuries . Anyone know a reliable ( cheap ) tow company that can get my baby back out ? 
My car is free !!!! Happiness abounds !!! Thank you !!!! 
Checked in at Outabounds on Scruff for iPhone 
Pepsi Maxx commercial is a big WIN 
Packers Rock !!! 
My feet are cold I need my bed warmer 
Checked in at Sprint Center on Scruff for iPhone 
Rascal Flatts Baby !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Young starts it off 
Laissez < PROPMALE > bons temps rouler 
Job interview at 2 today !!! Here's to positive thinking !!! 
I think that went very well . Now to wait till Friday for paperwork to be processed to find out for sure !!! 
Checked in at Buddies on Scruff for iPhone 
Good news coming .... Wait for it .... 
I got the job ! 
A full day off !!! 
I so missed a step somewhere !!! WTF ? 
