My new favorite quote - \Friends are like potatoes . If you eat them they die . \"" 

has discovered Pandora . And it is awesome . 
put together a 1000 piece jigsaw puzzle that was missing 17 pieces ... but had an extra corner . 
goes home on Monday . The mountains have been fun . 
went into the mountains today , and has pictures . 
Bah ! The computer is being so slow . 
Armadillos are my favourite . 
has a cold and is in class sharing her germs . ^_____^ 
is hyperactive because she took cold medicine that can make small children hyperactive and < PROPFEMALE > is apparently small children . Also , < PROPFEMALE > enjoys talking about hersels in third person ! ^_____________^ 
Classes are canceled this morning because of power outages . I've seen no power outages . Though there does seem to be something wrong with the server , as I can't access anything school-related online . 
You say tomato , I say tomato . It doesn't make much sense when you read it . 
As of yesterday night I had 2060 words for this year's NaNoWriMo . That make it my best year so far ... 
is over 5000 words for NaNoWriMo . 
Ich estudiert Deutch viel die Oper mag . 
Meh . 
is running away to Warrensburg where the interwebs are faster . Rawr . 
Objects with lots of faces take a long time to render .... 
Hey , I'm online ! The chances of this happening again over break are slim . If you want to contact me , the internet is not the way . 
Well , I'm back ( sort of , sometimes ) and already busy with a new semester . I'm currently ignoring all the request that have built up while I've been on break . ( Over 500 . Really rediculous . Sigh . ) 
Facebook - learning more about everyone than I ever wanted to know . But then , sometimes the opposite is true . 
It's Wednesday again . Must be a Tuesday . 
hates management classes with a passionate indifference . 
is headed home . And good thing , too . So tired ... 
So tired . Why is it I never seem to fall asleep in the boring classes ? 
< PROPMALE > Gaiman is one of my favorite authors , right up there with Tolkien . But he also makes me feel a little inadequate . I once saw a list of his favorite authors . If we have the same literary background , why is my writing so much less awsome ? I finally decided that < PROPMALE > Gaiman's just a literary < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Inexplicable awsomeness . Trying to quantify it just breaks things . It makes me feel better . 
Welcome to March . Scholarship applications were due today . I turned in 19 this morning . In about two months ( possibly sooner ) I'll find out if anything came of it . 
is looking forward to fencing tomorrow . 
is about to attend a presentation on the Disney college internship program . 
is avoiding homework . 
is online during spring break ! Ah ! It's shocking ! Nah , I'm on campus because I volunteered at the 42nd annual children's litt . festival . ' Twas fun . I'm coming back tomorrow . 
is at stormwatcher training .... 
Things in the future I'm looking forward to : registering for next semester's classes , Script Frenzy ( next month ) , Mom's birthday , ADDA field trip . 
So , so tired . And somehow my fingernails grew out longer than normal . When did that happen ? 
Last day of classes before finals . 
Summer is comming . I'm cutting way , way back on the game's I'm playing . Some of them are just such a bother to keep up with . 
is learning InDesign . It seems overly complicated . 
Only two more weeks of summer classes . And then about two weeks off before the fall classes start ... 
is wondering if she should skip out of class a bit early so she can eat lunch before her linguistics test this afternoon . 
Hey , everyone . One of my email's has been virused or hacked or something and is sending out spam-mail to everyone in my address book . I'm trying to stop/fix it , but for the time being , it's probably best to igore/delete any emails from amanda_r_box@hotmail.com . 
Last day of summer classes . Only the linguistics final is left , and it's open book . 
in online so that no one wakes up mom . 
is disappointed the campout was canceled . ( Just posted it on the event < PROPFEMALE >.) But on the bright side , no sleeping in the rain and allergens . 
Wheee ! Homework is done except for photography - which should be time consuming but relatively easy . The kids are gone for the weekend . I'm feeling very relaxed . 
bleh . Bleh , bleh , bleh . 
Class . Bleh . 
Car broke . It makes my day less fun . 
La-di-da . Just building a robot . 
is listening to \Say Yes\ " ( instrumental mix ) by Wax Tailor on Pandora . It's oddly fascinating . " 
wishes other people would skip class so she could use their computer in the lab . 
has max-ed out the number of stations she can create on Pandora , which she didn't know was possible .... She may have to re-evaluate the stations she has created . 
Not enough TIME !!! 
Halloween is done and NaNo-ing has begun . Between writing , end-of-the-semester projects , and Thanksgiving break , I expect to be practically invisible this month . 
Class is stupid today . 
My poor little robot still needs a head . And guts . But I am done with it for today . 
Robot guts are going great ! 
Wheeeee !!! Just saw the Green Lantern trailer . It looks awsome ! Itcomes out June 17th . Someone should take me to it for my birthday . 
In brightest day\ 
In blackest night 
