Well . Finally got a Facebook . Now will people stop bugging me about it ? get myyearbook , i check that pretty often . 

Its way too early in the morning to be functioning 
Sometimes , life just becomes too much . Too many things are happening at once and you feel like you're caught in the middle of a cyclone of joy , love , pain , and hate and its never going to end . Then , suddenly , the wind dies down and you find yourself motionless , stranded in the middle of no where with no clue how to put your life back together , all the pieces pulled apart by the twister and scattered to the for winds . 
Today is Sunday . Yesterday was Saturday . Tomorrow is .... run screaming into the night !!! 
I keep finding dimes . Every where I go . My house , my school , the mall , crossing streets . I wonder if there is deep , hidden meaning behind that , or if I have finally given up and gone insane ... 
I woke up at 5 am this morning . I am not a morning person . I feel like I am going to keel over at any time . 
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH . ok i feel better now . 
So meany reasons to give up , so few to keep going . Do the reasons to continue outweigh the reasons to stop ? 
The reasons I live , in order of importance from least to most : my family , my friends , my video games , my writing , my books , and pie . 
I have a confession . I .... will tell you eventually . 
Life is to complicated , so just live . 
Life is too complicated , so just live . 
If you have the time , why not do something constructive ? I find it liberating to do without having to be asked that which I normally do not like to do . 
I hate homework , but not as much as I hate being bored . Ah , the sacrifices we make . 
If I have to do this damn problem one more time , i will bite the head off the next person who comes near me ! If I don't have to do anything for the next twelve years , I will never see the light of day again and will lose all color . If I have to answer another stupid question with the afforementioned answers , you will all suffer my wrath for eternity so stop asking me stupid questions ! 
... It is hot here or is it just me ? Oh ya , i forgot I fell into a volcano ... Holy crap , volcano !!! 
Oh my god prom was so much fun !!!! 
I feel tortured to the point of insanity , and the one person I want to talk to , I know I can't . I have lost so much that I held so close . I just don't know who I can turn to anymore . When the going gets tough for me , I've run out of luck . I just want to be at peace again , but the steady foundations I had laid out are crumbling down and my fragile house of cards is falling and burying me with an impossible weight . 
Life sucks , but so do boys . 
( the newly modified ) Life sucks , but so does dying 
Hey guys , please don't text or call me , i am on the mainland and i dont want to rack up < PROPMALE > distance minutes ( it affects my texts too ) 
Hey guys , please don't text or call me , i am on the mainland and i dont want to rack up < PROPMALE > distance minutes ( it affects my texts too ) P.S. THANK YOU TO EVERY ONE WHO TOLD ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!! SORRY I DIDNT GET ON EARLIER TO RESPOND 
Wow , word really got around about Ian ... I hadn't even changed my Facebook status yet ... 
I'm sick of it . Sick of forgiving . Sick of ignoring . I am not going to bother to be angry anymore . I won't hate anymore . It's not worth my time or energy . Vague contempt and disgust is all I have left to give . 
I love that moment where you realize that the person you can't stand is throwing a party and inviting all your friends ... and because you're the person who always gave them rides , they can't go :3 Ya , that's a good feeling ... 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Strawberry 
