u da fuckin best 

< PROPMALE > Shakoor is my idle 
Why do people go to weddings ? People go to weddings because they want to believe their in the presence of true love . What's true love ? True love is the soul's recognition of its counter-point in another . 
I was a terror since the public school < PROPFEMALE > 
is the scrabble < PROPMALE > holla at me 
is the scrabble < PROPMALE > , holla at me 
< PROPFEMALE > has facebook , what is the world comin to ? 
is officially a senior ! 
A-YO 
Beer pong tourney tonight , i'm comin up on the loot this time bitchhhheesss 
hopefully u already know where i'll be at tonight 
just got an intern offer in D.C. for next spring !!! 
n everytime i think of stayin wit her she bring that friend round that make nicka reconsider 
gettin my tiger woods on 
is in < PROPMALE > trick 
is headed to < PROPMALE > for a meeting with the director of the D.C. program , ehhhh wish me luck ! 
LOL SMILEY FACE 
May the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows ... 
So I just accepted a friend request from someone with the name < PROPMALE > Amanatides how freakin weird is that !! 
Grindin ... 
All I see are snakes n fakes 
party party party let's all get wasted 
call me < PROPFIRST > 4th quarter in 92 
knew they wouldn't be able to hold me down in ff for much longer 
is sippin on some syzurp 
u gon have another drink or u just gon babysit , on to the next one somebody call the waitress 
school and the weather make me wanna vomit 
has his drink and his two-step 
I am on a 24 hour champagne diet spillin while im sippin I encourage u to try it 
4.0 this semester ... whatchu know bout that 
Its been 4 years with out you , 4 years since I didnt know what to do , but just know on this Christmas grandma i'll be thinking of you :( 
Doin work son 
This semester over yet ? 
my room is the g-spot call me Mr. Flinstone I can make your bed rock 
Estu < PROPFEMALE > ndo espanol todo < PROPFEMALE > hasta mi examen 
I got my drink N my two step ... 
Couple of advil , relax and chill , at a stand still with how bad I feel ... I think I need to smell fresh air so I stepped out the back door and fell down the stairs ... 
Yo , you can't think you gonna be cheatin and the girl aint gonna cheat ... just like you cheat they can cheat ... i'm just sayin , you a fool if you think girls don't cheat 
Tiger tiger tiger woods ya'll ... knockin the rust off at the links on this beautiful day 
Obama I see you , keep doing your thing < PROPMALE > the TRUE democrats got your back !! 
Its my birthday , I mean com-on u already know .... :-) 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone !! 
Just call me Mr. Orgasm n if ya come with me I guarantee ya gonna have one ... :) 
sometimes people just do not realize what they say 
golf is an expensive addiction that i cannot get enough of 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > should not be allowed to shoot outside of the three point line 
They say you can't turn a bad girl good , but once a good girl's goin bad , she's gone forever ... I'll mourn forever ... shit I gotta live with the fact I did you wrong forever 
Buried in school work ... see you next weekend civilization 
In Vegas for the next week , wish me luck ! 
Gettin some work in @ the ball field after this long layoff ... 
Macbook is my savior 
Four undergrad classes left !! 
Life is a beach and I'm just playin in the sand 
Tailgating in < PROPMALE > for the Browns game with family and friends @ 7am !! 
Studying my life away for the next week or so ... 
Application for May , 2011 graduation = APPROVED 
Gettin looooossseeeee in my beer bottle getup 
Thanksgiving is good , beer is great , < PROPFEMALE > Arbor is a whore , and < PROPMALE > is a saint 
Recovering from a crazy weekend .... 
is studying for his last finals as an undergrad :) 
So you mean to tell me that if you're a prominent college athlete you're not allowed to sell your own possessions ? 
If you at the bar and the bartender gave you a drink with a straw in it , you ordered the wrong drink 
Perseverance- Steady persistence in a course of action , a purpose , a state , etc . especially in spite of difficulties , obstacles , or discouragement ... finishing up packing then off to Washington in the morning for a life changing experience ... 
I'm officially a resident of Silver Spring , Maryland ... big things are most certainly going down in the next 3 to 4 months 
I miss her ... 
Another day another dollar it's about gettin ' money , now you can give me holla my nose runny , I been out in the cold hustlin ' for so long my hands numb but bet I feel that paper hit my palm ... 
Well how the hell'd you get the beans above the < PROPFIRST > ?! 
BEEB'S HERE :) 
Getting pounded by snow down here , did the snow follow us from Ohio or what ?! 
My first official status update from my new iPhone :) 
Out and about with wpni's finest ! 
The difficulties in life shape who we are ... without them , we achieve far less than we're capable of achieving \ 
-written with < PROPFEMALE > in mind 
So glad I don't have to deal with the horrendous weather in Ohio .... I'll take rain instead :) 
Just another day at the office 
So next time you see the homie and his rims spin , just know my mind is workin just like them ... rims that is 
Going into the West Wing of the White House tonight :) 
is highly disappointed that he see's so many people from northeast ohio rooting for the steeler's tonight !!! 
Watching Gummo 
Getting ready then picking up Tay from the airport :) 
beeb is taking over the status . beeb 2 is the bestest and i love her very much . :) 
Currently 68 and < PROPFEMALE > in Silver Spring :) 
Coming home tomorrow till Monday , get ahold of me if you'd like to get together ! 
Some much needed time with family and friends tonight ! 
Pooped after a very exciting day at the CIA :) 
Heading out to a briefing with U.S. Supreme Court Justice < PROPFIRST > Breyer :) 
Work then < PROPFEMALE>'s coming :) :) 
Let the good times roll and the bottles keep comin ... 
Doin ' big things in 2011 ... 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes everyone !! 
Thinks snow should be banned from April 1st onward ... and no mother nature , it's not a funny April fools joke 
paper writing is overrated 
