So sad . He was only 49 . 

Lost again at cards tonight . Grrrr 
Today turned out to be a great day ! Hope everyone had fun . 
loves thunderstorms 
Love the chainsaw juggler on AGT . LOL 
Loves working 12 hour days 
Saw the tall ships today - so cool 
spoiled 4 yr old Lexi today :) 
Hates Mondays 
Can't wait to see < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! 4 more days !!! 
just got back from an incredible concert !!! 
Has 29 trees 
make that 30 trees - Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is currently bored 
is watching Disco Explosion on GBH 
loves getting home from work at 10:00 at night 
is already bored with fish world 
think she posted the same video 5 times by mistake ! 
had the lousiest day today 
wants 5 more cats 
just discovered Myxer . Cool site . 
is loving the snow 
is listening to old fashioned records and attempting to play pool with old friends 
word for the day : tomfoolery 
needs a good deal on a round trip ticket to CA 
hates Mondays 
is leaving for Cali in 2 days 
is home from Ca . and missing it already . :( 
is not looking forward to going to work tomorrow 
Made it through the day without killing her boss . He was actually in a good mood surprisingly enough . 
is way too hyper right now 
Is it 5:00 yet ? 
Trying out the new Mexican Restaurant in town- Agave . 1st on the menu is a < PROPFEMALE > cuz I need one . 
Go Habs ! 
is going to kill her sister for leaving behind a bottle of wine , port wine cheese , pepperoni and REDUCED FAT TRISCUITS . 
is not having a good day already and it's only 7:04 AM 
loves the smell of the air after it rains 
11 < PROPMALE > and counting ... 
crossed the finish line ! 20 < PROPMALE > baby ! 
needs to get out of banking 
is off to Baltimore 
Feels like she's at Fenway Park in Baltomore . 
is quite fascinated by dark matter 
had a great day with old friends despite the rain 
cant believe how many times her computer has said \Congratulations ! You've won ! \ " Still waiting to find out what I've won aside from spyware . " 
needs a change 
Happy Friday ! 
Thank you ! :) 
finally has some color . It may be fire engine red but it's better than white . ( I say that now ) 
Wants to know why alcohol makes you want to eat everything in sight !? 
Loves the Sat night karaoke with all 2 people . LOL 
is off to the Geek Squad . 
Saw Despicable Me for the 2nd time . Love it ! 
is about to watch Pride & Prejudice for the 100th time 
is listening to the good old 80's music 
loves camping in heavy rain . Exciting 
had the best time camping in the White Mts . Not looking forward to going back to work . Boo 
was robbed yesterday afternoon . Thanks for stealing my rings and my husband's wedding ring . Its time like this when I'm happy to not have much to steal . 
would like to know how a place can serve french toast without powdered suger . That's like serving french fries without salt ! 
is lovin the piggy bank in Disney on Ice . LOL 
watching the original Outer Limits from the 60s . WOW Amazing what was state of the < PROPMALE > back then . LOL 
was in the < PROPFIRST > Vuitton store for like the 1st time ever and it got robbed . How does domeone steal a whole wall in the middle of the Copley Mall ? 
had a great girly day with her 14 yr old niece . Manicure¡ , make-up , shopping & chocolate . What more can a girl want ? 
finally had a taste of Sentarpio's . Excellent 
cousins are there as childhood friends and are there when we are older as forever friends .. Repost this if you have any cousins that have made you smile .? 
is looking to buy her 1st laptop if anyone is interested in selling one . 
loves to dine out . No dishes 
who else has problems fitting their calves into tall skinny boots ? So annoying . 
is wondering why her PC keeps creating a new desktop every time she tries to log in . Have had to restore 3 times already . Uggh 
watching Bride & Prejiduce , halarious 
is happy to be doing nothing today . Relaxation ! 
is at Kowloons thanks to < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > ! 
my little nephew < PROPMALE > proceeded to navigate to all his favorite chanels using the remote control . Disney is 24 , < PROPMALE > is 25 , Cartoon Network is 60 and golf is 69 ! Golf ??!! LOL 
would like to know how her cell phone < PROPMALE > got to be $300.00 
off to the animal hospital for my poor Sarabi at 3:15 AM . Not gonna be a great day .. 
is looking forward to starting vacation tomorrow after this 14 hour work day . 
is on the West Coast in Monterey , CA on a perfectly < PROPFEMALE > day 
is attempting to fly home today from CA . 
loves coming back to work after vacation . I think I'll be here til midnight . Uggh 
Thank you everyone ! I feel as old as the hills . LOL 
needs a name for her new kitten :) 
just ordered a double scotch with a twist of lemon . Why does the wait staff always give a double take when I order that ? I need it after this week . LOL 
accidentally deleted an entire work folder in Outlook . No , not 1 e-mail , 1 folder . Is it 5:00 yet ? LOL Oh and if anyone knows how I can get my folder back please share ! Off to Google now .. 
is pulling an all nighter of Battlestar Galactica starting with episode 1 
just tried a Dirty Martini with Gin . YUCK I'll stick to the vodka thank you 
hates Verizon Mobil Broadband ! Finally cancelled the stupid service after getting booted off the internet like 10 times . 
just found out that her kitten is actually a male ! Guess the name < PROPFEMALE > will need to be changed . LOL 
just kicked her own butt at the gym . What a feeling ! 
OK . If you were charged for one item that you paid for with your debit card that later posted to your checking account twice ; how many of you would expect to bring your bank statement to the merchant to prove it ? 
had so much fun working out to Lady Gaga . What an energy pill 
is just starting the night out with the girls 
is listening to someone sing < PROPFIRST > Bocelli at Karaoke and I'm in love . JK . But he's AWESOME ! 
is on her way to Vermont . Perfect day for it too . 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your CRAZY family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately .... Re-post this if you have some of the BEST cousins in the WORLD !!! \ 
You all know who you are ? 
is ultra annoyed that she keeps pulling a lower ab muscle at the gym . Trying not to get discouraged . Any suggestions for good ab stretches ? 
never realized that going backwards on the elliptal machine is a TOTALLY different workout than going forward ! Tough challenge . 
loves fire drills on beautiful < PROPFEMALE > days 
is not impressed by the Blackberry phone . Time to move on to something better . 
??? Happy Anniversary Baby ??? 
< PROPFIRST > is wondering why the shoe store doesn't have peds in the men's section . LOL !!!! 
is enjoying a nice day at Settlers Green in N Conway . :) 
