at home , life done sucking 

is unemployed ... WHOOOOOO !!!!! 
< PROPMALE > Etzel FACEBOOK TRICK : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! 
FACEBOOK TRICK : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! 
Happy new year everyone living east of the missouri river ... everyone else , a 51 minute early happy new year 
alright , finally got my taxes done , can't wait to get my refund ... OH WAIT !!!, you owe uncle < PROPFIRST > 49 bucks , i hate you taxes 
just got done chatting up dish tech support , made no headway towards getting tv again , but i can't help feeling impressed by their impeccable use of punctuation . 
just got to DC , chillin in the hotel 
OMG who gave < PROPFEMALE > banks a talk show ? 
just got done watchin toy story 3 , my life is now complete 
is not diggin the softball tourney 
just got back from my family reunion , no place like home 
* sigh * one more day till im unemployed again , its time to step down from my position as coolest person in the fast food industry 
eleven years , eleven years that fight club has been out , and i just finally watched it tonight , all that wasted time , * sigh * , so awesome 
omg ndsu has insane internet , so effing fast :D 
8 oclock bio class with 250 other people = LAME !!! 
just had a rather legit bowl of ramen , although i think i need to invest in a bottle of tobasco sauce 
so yeah , NDSU has a LARP club ( medieval sword fighting n stuff ) , and they are fighting on my front lawn ... i love college 
so yeah , bought the wrong volume of my biology book , so i got a mastering biology volume 3 , and i need volume frickin 1 , and to add insult to injury , thats actually what i paid for , i so wish it woulda been the seller trying to screw me over , less embarassment 
i suspect that my chemistry professor is a robot , or at the very least , a cyborg , pretty much exactly 50 minutes of nonstop talking , not once did i see him take a breath 
elevators busted , anyone want my room on the eighth floor ? 
OMG did you guys know that the metric system is set up by tens ?, my chemistry class is insanely informative 
omg , eight in the frickin morning , ugh 
so frickin bored , sucks that i couldnt get home this weekend , oh well , the dorms peaceful 
just had the most mindblowing sandwich ever ... of all time 
im the < PROPMALE > of the world , on a boat like < PROPFIRST > , i you on the shore , then you sure aint me-o \ 
-my thoughts as i was ta < PROPMALE > my bio test , not how i felt , what was in my head ... im feeling a solid B on that beast 
chemistry ... im not sure what else to say 
just ordered pizza from dominoes online , thank you Rajeshwar and < PROPMALE > for quality control and delivering the awesomeness , the tracker thingy pretty much owns 
how does my history dual credit not cover my chem class , my chem professor has been talking about WW1 for the past 20 minutes 
oh dominoes , especially you rajeshwar , you treat us soooooo good 
thinking that i might go into computer science ... 
i think my suitemate is becoming a conspiracy theorist , < PROPMALE > YOUR TIN FOIL HATS 
something awesome needs to happen ... now ... 
needs something awesome to happen ... again 
so , i guess < PROPMALE > is going back to sleep ... in my bed ? 
by popular demand , for a limited time only , < PROPFIRST > Vogel , LIVE from Dickinson , North < PROPFEMALE > 
New phone ? I think so ! 
Sorry if you got a strange text from me . New phone a.d I think I texted like everybody ... 
I hate trains ... 
Snuggie = backwards robe 
Whip . Only 37 more minutes to go for BOILING . WATER . 
Just unleashed my claw game mastery at b-dubs 
just watched inception , and now ... i just don't know 
well , leaving for dickinson in t-minus whenever < PROPMALE > decides we're leaving hours 
good to be home 
Went to mcdonalds for late lunch . Ended up with a job ... and a turkey 
On break ... Questioning my sanity ... 
Well , off to colorado 
Well , interstates closed down , so much for colorado ... 
Just arrived in deadwood , too bad I got here two years , one day , twelve hours and 36 minutes too early ... 
My sister just made me breakfast ... Birthdays rule 
Thx to everyone who wished me a happy birthday , you guys are awesome 
browsing youtube , and managed to find the entire movie of tremors , guess im not going to sleep for a bit 
Gets to wake up at 5 a.m. tomorrow morning , but can he sleep ? Nope . Fml 
Dear random guy playing rap music off your phone rambling to your friend about the history of rap music , turn off the soulja boy , its too ironic 
Homeward bound ... assuming < PROPMALE > doesn't get us killed ... OMG he just opened a can of monster import , yuuuuuummm 
Well , just saw a car go into a ditch , this road trip is now complete 
Bio ... we meet again 
One class , I love thursdays 
I have perhaps the best seat in < PROPFIRST > es auditorium :) 
has had the new cage the elephant on repeat all day , too much awesomeness 
mmm , shaky monday , even when its 5 below 
Biology ... WHY !?!?!? 
maybe im just losing it , but i feel like my facebook is smaller than usual , just like everything has been shrunken down ... 
Now loves the bus , cross campus walk becomes 5 minutes standing around holding a bar ? Yes please . 
has the suburbs by arcade fire stuck in my head 
Is regretting taking all morning classes :( 
Is fairly certain he is going to literally cough up a lung ... Or something important :/ 
HATES BEING SICK !!!! >:O 
Can't effing sleep ... 
Oh look , bacon :D 
Tgif , and tg there's bacon 
The human mind ... the human mind is deeper than any ocean and wider than creation ... yeah , its hella big . - < PROPFIRST > Watsky 
You know its too early when only one person is on fb chat , hi matias 
2 pound bag of animal crackers ? 2 dollars ? yes please . 
must have his skymiles card on him today , cause hes feeling ... extra fly . 
is apparently hot enough to set off a fire alarm 
is not going to be homeless next year , yipee ! 
Home sweet home 
Classes at ndsu have been cancelled due to a blizzard , on the last day before spring break ... 
just heard someone on American Idol singing smells like teen spirit ... i am now convinced that the human race is destined for failure 
M/ay have just gotten a phone call for a wrong number from < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Just got back in fargo driving < PROPMALE > s car that doesn't go in reverse , followed by < PROPMALE > in his new car that he can't shut off , home sweet home 
I'm sorry I left you bed , english meant nothing to be ... please take me back :( 
gotta love this weather : snow , sleet , hail , thunder and lightning , wind ... good stuff 
Learned something in biology today , rubisco is an incredible word 
is really tired of not getting calculus ... 
