HAPPY NEW YEARS lets hope we get to see the next .... dun dun duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun lol 

is watching the loony tunes marathon on the cartoon network 
too bad school starts tommorow 
lol ? didnt think ud remember me 
ugh ... gotta finish up a project 
finnaly done with my project !!!!!! 
so , hows all my buddies doing ? 
well night eveyone 
All right !!! 3 day weekend !!!! So whats every1 else out there doin over it ? 
eh .... so bored ..... 
gah ...... school tommorow .... goodbye long weekend ....... 
so ... how is every1 ? 
well .... got a guitar quiz comin up for the song day tripper by the beatles .... hope i dont fail epicly lol .... 
well got a playin quiz tommorow ........ 
well least i didnt fail epiclly on the quiz today 
ugh ... workin on homework 
whew well another day goes by ... 
ugh .. just got done with a project 
woooooooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! no school tommorow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lets all get up and wave our hands in the air like we just dont care !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
woo straight As on my report card ............ again lol 
woohoo !!!! halloween is here !!!!! lets all get into our halloween costumes and do the thriller !!!!!!! 
soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored 
well just got back after gettin a haircut and stuffz like that 
ugh ... it sux to be sick ... even on school days 
so ... whats every1 up to ? 
omg what am i ... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . : 1 : Crazy . 2:I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Lovable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 :D umb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : Freak . 22 : Quiet . 23 : Sexy . 24 : Adorable . 25 : Annoying . 26 : Rude . 27 : Boring 
night everybodyz 
so ... how are you all doing ? 
eh ...... so boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooored .... some1 tell me something good to do 
hm ... so they chose beat it by mj for the song in guitar , other choice was eye of the tiger , what do you think we shoulda learned ? 
well another day passed by ... i plan to do a guitar solo for guitar , dirty little secret by the all american rejects with < PROPMALE > burns 
omg guys .... you know what i just realized ? in guitar .... we are going to wear pink guitar shirts .... and ... we are playing the beatles and a christmas song .... something seem wrong there ? 
ok scratch < PROPMALE > for the guitar concert , ill be going solo for dirty little secret ...., anyways good day pretty much 
i love this cold weather .... so much betta than warm weather cause you cant wear ice packs or something in summer but u can wear sweats in winter 
woooooooo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! weekend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! this week seemed so long to me for some reason 
mornin pplz ... good thing we dont have to go to schoolio today 
ugh ... sunday ... the homework day for weekends ... 
btw if any1 has skype friend me , my name is Apiwit Chulawan 
everybody is unique . But then again , if we are all unique , arnt we all the same because we are all unique ? 
thanksgiving break everybody !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ugh im so drunk from ians party ...... lol jk , the party was fun 
ugh ... so bored ..... what should i do ? 
happy thanksgiving everyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
well soon im gonna go to uf to visit my bro and stay for the night . 
well right now im in UF on my bros laptop . Go Gators ! 
yesterdays dinner was awesome . we had takoyashi ( which in japanese means friend octopus with etc ) . it wasent as bad as you think . we also had turkey , friend chicken , and cheese with crackers 
too bad the break is almost over . anyways , morning everyone 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS . U can ask me any question ( only in my INBOX ! ) i mean any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or personal it is . U have my full honesty !!! But i dare u to put this message on ur status and see wat questions u get ! DONT LIE !!! NOW GO ASK ME A QUESTION IN MY INBOX !!!!! 
ugh ... sunday .... homework day 
well its time for the guitar concert .... is nervous ... 
phew ... guitar concert is done !!! i thought i was gonna mess up on the solo lol . props to < PROPMALE > for awesome guitar playing 
bored out of my mind ........ whats better to chat to people aim or yahoo ? 
is watching part of 2012 on youtube . lol look at all those people falling 
looks like facebook is hacked . 
whats up with aim ? everytime i click the icon it dosent freakin work ... 
ugh today sucked ... alergies acted up all day ... 
ugh ... i freakin hate < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
and another day passes by ... 
the volleyball game was interesting .. 
my big brother < PROPMALE > is comeing home !!! 
im hanging out with my bro who just came home 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS < PROPFEMALE > !!!! my parents said i have the choice of opening my presents today or tommorow . what should i do ? 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas !! 
Well I'm finnaly back in < PROPMALE > after visiting < PROPFEMALE > and Supachot . Yet again < PROPFEMALE > kept on hugging me ...... 
just got back from the doctors ..... might have to get glasses 
mrs lamson has died ... may she rest in peace 
Gettin close to 2011 ! 
Happy New Years ! 
oh great i have a new enemy lol 
and yet again another day passes by . 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU ??? 
fridays and it might snow ! 
i wish i could bring my cat inside cause its so cold . too bad i have to leave him in the patio 
ugh homework sunday ... 
is watching afv 
is bored ... whats a fun thing to do ? 
oh yay .... my dads now watching american idol 
is once again bored ... 
mrs skibiki was a singer in a rock band ??!?! 
someone tell me why im watching teen titans ? 
is going to make orange juice !!!!!! 
well the days about over . iv made half a gallon of orange juice . is making more tommorow 
is done with homework early !!! 
well today was interesting .... especially in guitar . guitar was awesome !!! 
today seemed to go by fast . 
im goin to school tommorow woo !!!!!!!! 
morning 
\yawn\ " morning " 
is bored :P whats a fun thing to do ? 
for mrs. stephens project can we print out pictures ? 
its my dad's b-day !! 
back from uf 
is eating a key lime pie o.o 
is starting to watch the series \death note\ " . interesting o.o " 
what a wonderful way to start off the weekend lol 
is at episode 25 of death note . i feel sorry for ryuzakki or however you spell it :P 
good day 
trying out deviled eggs for the first time . tasty :D 
got back from the dentist . clean teeth :D 
i think i get sick more than any other kid in gotha . 
i seriously need to find another table at lunch . everyone just talks about mw2 . it gets so boring 
good day . Question : Would you rather live but be hated by everyone on earth or be dead and be remembered as someone good ? 
so hows everyone doing ? pretty good day today . 
friday woo !!!! today was cool , i saw < PROPFIRST > at school 
my brother is comeing home on monday from college :D 
electric violins are awesome . guitar class :P 
well i finished my speech . and sadly im going on to the next round . 
today was fun . we played paper base ball during 4th period . at car riders , me , arthur and a whole bunch of other azns were talking . 
woohoo ! spring break ! 
woohoo !!!!! i leave for Thailand on June 1st !! 
anyone willing to take a survey ? lol 
any 8th graders wanna take a survey ? lol 
Super fun today ! < PROPFEMALE > and supachot came over today . We were all playing monopoly and < PROPFEMALE > kept on losing money lol 
Happy mothers day ! 
2 days left to go ! im gonna miss all the 8th graders though x.x 
awesome day ! band concert/laser light show and ninja with the gang ! 1 day to go ! 
now school is out for me ! just gotta wait for June 1st . 
So tommorow , I'm probably going to spend most of the day in the airport bring luggage carts back to their stalls and collecting quarters with my brother :D . 
Finnaly , I couldn't access my fb for some reason o.o . So yeah , greetings from Thailand ! I'll be posting some pictures on here and give updates of wha I'm doing . 
I wanna drive a plaid volkswagen and see what how the people react when they see it . >:D 
Just got back to my aunts house from a 3 day stay at the erawan hotel . Sadly though , I'm going to leave Bangkok soon , in about 3 days . 
Well , back in the states after a 1 month vacation in Thailand . Wish we could have stayed there longer . 
When zombies die do they go to heaven , hell , or nothing ? o.o 
Thanks everybody for all the happy birthdays ! 
Thanks again for all the people who said happy birthday ! 
Meet the teacher today , I wonder who I'm gonna get :/ . 
1st Computer Samuels \ 
2nd Sci . Honors Skibicki\ 
3rd L.A Kirkpatrick\ 
4th Adv Guitar Veligdan\ 
5th History Delamater\ 
6th P.E Akers\ 
7th Algebra Honors Bellamy\ 
\ 
Anyone get the same classes ? I hope so . :/ lol 
Good first day :P . 
So .... anyone wanna buy some a 3 pound tub of cookie dough ? xD 
Made some jello over night :P . 
Shut the front door ! lol Mr. D is awesome . xD 
Well , when I was walking home from school today , this yellow dragon fly came out of nowhere , flew past me , and rammed straight into a wall . You could even hear the sound of it smacking into it lol . I guess the dumb blonde rule accounts for everything . 
Well , my mom has a plant that is for the most part under water and we had a little mosquito problem . Mosquitos lay there eggs in the water , and well , we had little mosquito babies . >.> . So , to get rid of the problem we got a new betta fish . He was stuck in a little small plastic container and he looked ... well miserable . So , now we have a new little friend swimming around my moms water plant :D . 
Weekend woo :D . 
Couldnt stop laughing at the car loop today xD . 
Goin ' to the Gotha Spirit Night tommorow . Anyone else ? 
Startin ' to feel cooler outside :D 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least foran hour , in-honor of those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it .? 
Happy Halloween ! 
Feelin sick . Time for Campbell's Chicken Noodle Soup and hot choclate ! 
Had a whole bunch of homework today . -.-; 
Well , tomorrow is the Firehouse Sub Gotha Spirit Night thing . I suppose nobody else besides the NJHS are going for the community service ? 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody ! 
Yaaay almost Christmas ! Although , how does < PROPFEMALE > plan to give presents to me if I don't have a chimney ? Does he plan to break through the windows and have the elves repair it afterwards ? 
Back from Tampa . 
Performance in guitar tomorrow . Oh God , please don't make me mess up too bad . 
Man , I'm gonna fall asleep before I hit the bed today . So much homework .... 
Isn't it weird how Gotha puts Sex < PROPMALE > in P.E. right next to < PROPFIRST>'s Day ? 
How is it that I keep getting sick ? -.-; 
Why do the good die young ? \ 
\ 
Because god needs our help . 
So my parents watch American Idol everytime right ? My dad always makes me vote for Thia ( only because she's asian -.-;) . This time , I'm going to vote 20 times for everyone but her and see what happens . 
Spring Break !!!! 
