For my New Years Resolution ... i plan to come out of the closet ... 

I am pissed off ... got some of the worse guest here ... people need to learn to clean up after themselves when they are guests . f-cking pigs ... 
Shortest happy ending story : guy asks girl to marry him . girl says no . guy lives happily ever after . he goes out , stays up late , drink lots of liquor , and have lots of money in the bank ... THE END 
Wish I had a picture of me jumping in the water at 230 am last friday .... Hahaha ... should have brought a surfboard ... 
Some people just have their heads so far up their ass that you can smell the doodoo on their hair a mile away ... annoying ! BAhhh 
blank blank blank ... my best thought for today . I need to reset ... 
is worried about California . I certainly do not want to be taxed to death ... those morons in Sacramento are destroying this State ... \NO To < PROPMALE > Newsom ! \ " no more tax ! " 
yay it Friday !!!! 
fisherman !!! I got a headache and now we are going to go sand jog . 
so out of shape ... barely able to run 2 < PROPMALE > on sand and 2 on blacktop ... bahhhh ... Sunday run day from now on ... 
needs a drink ... some thing cold with salt .... 
loves to sleep ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
and eat mmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
Don't know I am so tired today ... passed our twice in the morning . who's down to go run with me at 630am tomorrow ? 
Foot massearge 
Riddle me this riddle me that , who has a big flat ass ? 
It's friday and I am feeling sick .... greattttt 
anyone going to LV next weekend ? 
I have dreams that I'm Gay ... 
killed the sand it's time for some heavy workout ... 
It's going to be a good day today . Woke up had some fun , slipped and fell but did not break any bone , found out I got paid two days early , and found some money in the dryer .... can it gets any better ? I think a winning ticket will do it .... 
When you look at the world in a narrow way , how narrow it seems ! When you look at it in a mean way , how mean it is ! When you look at it selfishly , how selfish it is ! But when you look at it in a broad , generous , friendly spirit , what wonderful people you find in it . - < PROPMALE > Rutledge 
Friends are relatives you make for yourself . - Eustache Deschamps 
Success is never found . Failure is never fatal . Courage is the only thing . - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved . - < PROPFIRST > Macdonald 
I know of no way of judging the future but by the past . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
good morning peeps ! 
need another 299 Asian males to complete The 300 Spartaneses for Halloween . To join you must have at least one pack , can afford your own sandals and a red sheet to use as cloak , or at least bring a red stained bed sheet . Red underwear is mandatory , no exception . To make it more realistic , no man is allowed to shower a week before Halloween . < PROPMALE > is the best way to attract the woman of your dream . 
Lord , if you can't make me thin - can you make all my friends fat ? - < PROPFEMALE > Hampton 
Once you say you're going to settle for second , that's what happens to you in life , I find . - < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy 
OMG !!!! I am hurting inside and out .... arrrrrrrhhhhhhHH !!!!! 
Top ramen makes me happy ... So glad my headache is gone . rest a bit then hit the gym once more . Hooyahhh !!! 
The eyes are not responsible when the mind does the seeing . - Publilius Syrus 
So so hot ... I mean the weather .... hahaha 
Bored ... what should I do ? errrrrrrrrraaaaaaaa ! 
I care not what others think of what I do , but I care very much about what I think of what I do . That is character ! - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
dying ... couldn't get out of bed . whatever it is I want it out of my system now ! 
Annoyed ... I've been up since freaking five and on the weekend too . Going to the gym ... I just know I'll crash and burn when it is nice out later . 
Bzzzzz ! Man down !, man down !... need medivac ASAP ! All Weekend teams rendezvous with downed man at Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > at 2000 hour . Use extreme discretion gentlemen , Charlies are out in force . They are armed with anti - L.O.S.E.R.S. radar . Darkness ... will work against you , especially after those weekend drinks . I repeat , you will be operating in hostile territories . JOKER out !!! 
hates this dry < PROPFEMALE > weather ... 
got ticks to the Lakers game ... I am looking forward to enjoying a great sunday with my baby .... yeah !!!!! 
48 hours with 4 hours of sleep . this is fubar ! I had plan to pumpkin carve today , but I think I'll skip that too ... probably gonna spend time at the gym getting banged up ... 
Dudes , my legs feel fine ... are we doing this again next sunday ? 
feeling bored sad angry sick ... etc ... moderation should be in my vocabulary more often . 
I am not going to wish you a happy Thanksgiving because I care ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone , and a happy 2010 ! 
Vacation makes me lazy .... Better head to the CHIM ! 
A successful man is he who receives a great deal from his fellow men , usually incomparably more than corresponds to his service to them . The value of a man , however , should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
what the hell happen to football sunday ? sbhould i find another hobby ? 
feeling down feeling weak feeling drained ... it's never enough . I need to take a step back and find a new approach . what was important isn't so important anymore , and the things that were insignificant are now lost . Like so many things in life , one blink and they all come crumbling down . it's time to get back on my feet and climb those steps again ... 
spent my weekend working ... 4 hours last night and all of today . Love your job or love your weekends ? hmmmm .... 
What happen to fart in space ? do you think it would linger until the other astronauts suck it all up when they pass by ? 
I've been wearing glasses for two years now and i still hate these damn things . barrrrrggg 
GDI I wish to chop off my nose , freeze it and blow it in to a million pieces .... 
having a massive headache ... 
crap i just woke up . had a dream about a lobster with one white claw and then i woke up and saw a twenty on the table . good freaking dream . 
Cock is on my mind 
Thank you all for a wonderful birthday . Can't tell you all enough how much it meant to me :) 
fellas ... let go play bball . I am bored sunday . 
Dear diary ... day one of hell-week .... 
I am so freaking bored . 
Proposition\ 
13-VOTE YES \ 
Proposition 14-VOTE NO ! \ 
Proposition 15-VOTE NO\ 
Proposition16-VOTE YES \ 
Proposition 17-VOTE YES 
what's going on with basketball or football ? 
Freundschaft geht nur so weit . Der rest ist bis zu den Bemuhungen . wahre freunde laufwerk schieben , und konkurrieren mit lhnen . 
We should have a class action against the nba . watch it long enough and you'll at risk for high blood pressure . 
Yo , I am down to play basketball everday after \ 
530 everyday . if you aren't hurt or too girly , let's play .... 
My stomach is giving me hell today . Couldn't hold down any food at all ... 
Basketball tomorrow at two PM 
I think my room is haunted . Woke up last week with nail scratches that couldn't have been made by me or anyone else and i've been having nightmares every single night . 
Just spent the last four hours fixing , cleaning , and doing plumbing . Got a headache from all the fumes . 
< PROPFEMALE > cow , I am sore from the neck down . Hahaha so out of shape . 
Hated when I am hungry , but I don't know what to have for dinner ... sob ! 
Three servings of spaghetti and I still want more . Good mercy lord ! There goes my workout . Hahaha 
Must have eaten something bad . Me stomach is killing me ... 
Home and bored ... what to do ? 
this weather is so depressing ... I need the sun . 
Just had salty pho 54 ... MSG high here i come . 
Hungry ... 
Just bought a new football and soccer ball . Any want to go throw and kick them around this afternoon ? 
Who's going to the gym today . Just got a 7 day pass to 24 < PROPFEMALE > . % need a spotter ... 
I love my Job . get to work last night and the whole day today . The upside are no money waisted and no senseless drunken weekend . And the downside is no freaking life . I am gonna have to make it up next weekend ... 
Who down to throw the ball around today ? And what ever happen to that soccerball 
Anyone needs a used frig ? I have three for sale . One up-and-down copartments and two side-to-side . Guarantee reasonable price . 
Just finish with work . what a day ... 
Don't forget football at LQ tomorrow . 
Good game fellas . Lets do another in a few weeks . 
I feel like an alcoholic . Just me the bottle and the tv . I love wine ... 
What a beautiful day . 
It's funny how people take things so personal these day . Everyone is on edge and super sensitive . News flash , everyone has different values and beliefs .... hahaha I need to chill out ... whewwww ! 
I just lost a friend because she took offend to me saying I would rather donate my money to charities instead of buying a $5 mil . statue ... wow , glad I dodged that bullet .... hahaha 
feeling like waiting for the doctor to deliever good or bad news . 
Holy cow ... redskins are being crushed . 28 pts in one quarter . 
I love working saturday ... the only draw back is I don't get to spend time with my baby . 
Can't sleep . Going to work woohoo !! 
