Anyone wanna see Avatar in 3-D ?? I am going at 3 at regal 

Is going to dive camp at BYU this week , im excited 
Anyone want a touch screen mp3 player with bluetooth headphones ?????????? $65 for all of it . Its a samsung p3 
i meant samsung p2 . It works good , i just want the samsung p3 . haha 
GO TO LONG LAKE TOMORROW AROUND NOON ! 
Turns our i cant go to the lake today =( 
is gonna be @ EFY this week , im excited 
Is back from EFY , it was so tight . Im gonna miss all the ppl though 
Umm it sounds familiar , does he know me ? 
Im sick , like i cant stop throwing up , there goes me goin to band camp . 
Chicken Noodle soup saved my life today 
did ok at band today , i think i might do good this year =D 
Last day of Band camp , kinda sucks . At least im good at Tenors now 
So plans to go to the drive in on Wednesday of next week have been thrown around and now here is what we came up with . After rehersal Wednesday night we will take whoever wants to go to the SKYLINE Drive In in < PROPMALE > . There are TWO MOVIES for just $6 , dont know which ones yet but we will get back late like around one o clock . Let me know if your are interested or can drive . 
The notice is for BAND PEOPLE or ANYONE who wants to go to the drive in 
If your going to the drive in movie tonight bring warm clothes and six bucks , looks like it wont rain so yea . Hope to see ya there 
Had a good time at the drive in last night 
GO TO LONG LAKE !!!!!!!!!!! Tomorrow around one . Be cool . haha 
BAND , AP STATS , AP GOV , PHYSICS , DRAWING , WORLD LIT 
Says dont go to the lake when the sun isnt out =D 
District Nine at seven anyone ??? 
GETTING A VERIZON WIRELESS CONTRACT PHONE ! =D 
Why would verizon come out with really good phones right when i get verizon ??? 
I want this phone , go to the link below , its the new lg chocolate touch . 
had his back almost break from holding the tenors at band today 
GAME DAY/MOVIE NIGHT next Saturday the Fifth 4 - midnight ! Let me know if your interested , ill send you the details . 
Got a samsung alias 2 as my new phone for verizon . text me its my same number . 
So i am stupid and learned i spelled < PROPFEMALE > wrong . It doesnt even look like a real word now . 
GAME/MOVIE day Reminder !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 4-12 Saturday Let me know if you can come 
Last day of summer seems pretty crazy . 
School .... Thats all i gotta say 
Almost got hypnotized today . haha 
Gave blood today for the thrid time 
I dont wanna write college essays . Then they will realize how bad i am at writing essays . haha 
Obama gets a nobel piece prize ? Whats up with that ?? No offense Obama 
My teeth hurt so bad !!!!! 
Feet hurt now from marching 
i dont understand why Oprah talks about girls who have affairs with their fathers . I'm on the computer and i can hear Oprah say \Next she will tell us what it was like to have sex with her father for the first time\ " ... is that legal ??? " 
Wow i need to do homework 
Uploading Band video , taking FOREVER ! haha 
whats the difference bewteen live feed and news feed ?? 
Can't wait for diving and swimming season . I might even do gymnastics so I can be even more a beast at diving . lol 
JOIN SIMMING AND DIVING @ NTHS . There is a meeting at the pool after school tomorrow . 
Wow i just read some reviews from a college i wanna go to and it sounds intense . Sounds like you will autmoatically get hired when you graduate but you will become sleep deprived and constantly yelled at . haha makes me think hard about whether i am good enough for that . =D 
Wow last nights party was so awesome . Tons of ppl and tons of food and the most fun I've had in a while . Thanks to everyone who came and helped out . =D New Years Party should be even better . 
I finished my college essays for BYU . I DID SOMETHING TODAY ! wow 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fr_dM321RAE 
This made my day ... < PROPFIRST > - like watching diving the best i wish i was that good Syrel- Yea ! I love watching the little asian girls haha < PROPFIRST > - they are insane Syrel- I know ! It's flipping tight . < PROPFIRST > - literally lol 
So I got off Facebook to do hw , now i'm done and im tired . But its only 7 o clock . Stupid daylight savings 
Wow the live feed just said it wasn't available , I am beginning to doubt its really live . Facebook fix it ! haha 
I almost got most of my hw done and then i got distracted and ended up here . lol Why ! haha 
So i already give up on no shave november , at least having a mustache . Ill try for a beard though 
Excited to go to Sonic tomorrow . Those who are coming with me meet at my place @ 5:30 . 
So Ppl need to chill when things don't go according to plan . Espcially when a person invites people cause they have no idea that they weren't allowed to invite people . You should talk to me and not leave it for others so i end up being the last to know . 
Did an inward double today @ diving . This is gonna be an intense season . 
This actually works , its really annoying but try it . The facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down together & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU actually try it , it really works ! 
Did an inward double today @ diving . This is gonna be an intense season 
Why is facebook so slow 
Why is it so hard to make a christmas list ? I mean , i can't think of anything i really want . 
Good thing for the break , I was about to collapse from exhaustion . I blame school and diving . haha 
5 hours in a pool is really bad for my skin . Its all grey amd i am all itchy . The things I do for swimming and diving . 
BEST CD EVER = SHOCK VALUE 2 
First swim meet tomorrow at Thurston's pool . Hope we beat Peninsula 
I GOT A 85% ON A FREAKIN CALCULUS TEST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Lost our swim meet by 4 points to Peninsula and was five points away from a school record in diving . It was intense . Good match 
The south bay market next to the fire department makes the best burgers 
Gettin tired of school , diving ... pretty much i am tired of everything right now . 
Got first in diving @ our meet today . =) wihin ten points of the school record , next meet I am gonna beat it . 
Went to swimming this morning and surpisingly , did really good . 26:24 on my 50 Free is crazy . Hopefully I can get better . 
Timberline -vs- Thurston swim meet tomorrow @ T line ! Starts at 3:30 . Come watch Thurston decimate Timberslime . haha 
Beat T line 110-75 !!! Go Thurston swim team . Got second in diving , but thats alright still got 204 points . 
Won in diving today with 193 points . Beat Sumner by thirty points and tomorrow is the last day before break . Its been a good day . 
Gonna see Avatar in IMAX 3-D tonight . I'm psyched . 
Going to finally buy presents or \Grocery Shopping\ " as my family calls it . haha Kinda late but at least i am getting it in before friday . " 
Anyone who was going to go see Avatar with me tomorrow just know i can't go anymore . =( 
If there was a < PROPMALE > of badly wrapped gifts , I would definatley be it . 
Awesome Christmas . Had some good gifts today . =D < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
Soooo bored I need to do something productive . 
Tron legacy was awesome . The effects and soundtrack made it for me but it was still good . 
Last night was crazy craz . Lol 
I beat Thurston's record for six dives today , now my name will go up on the wall . =) The old record was 225 set in ' 99 and my record is 226.15 . I also did an inward double which is a 2.8 difficulty dive , that's up there . Been a good day . 
Did well at the meet today . Only 11 points off my rival < PROPMALE > Baker . haha We aslo creamed Timberline by an 80 point gap , thats a ton . =D 
Got ACCEPTED TO BYU IDAO and GOT MY CLASS RING ! =D 
On my way to qualify for state diving . =D 
Ugh , diving is so stressful , I had about the worst time at my meet cause i messed up my good dives . At least I got 6/32 . Still , I am stressed about qualifying for state . 
Quarter days at school are fun . School should go from 9-2 everyday . =D 
Once diving is over i can have a life again , haha , can't wait . =) 
Tomorrow will be fun . I have 3 new classes so it will be like starting school over again . =) 
I just got called by Western Kentucky University by one of the swim coaches about diving . Scholarships ?? I hope so . 
I Hate new facebook ! 
I take it back , new facebook is cool . Just had to acclimatize myself to it . haha 
Very Tired from diving and life . I took a two hour nap just now so now I won't be able to sleep tonight and thus be more tired tomorrow . Hate how that works . 
Tomorrow will be intense , its make or break for state . 
Got ACCEPTED into BYU PROVO ! 
State tomorrow , the final high school diving event I will ever be in . At least I will have a life after this week . =) 
With no Diving after school my life has become extremely boring . I have taken a nap almost everyday this week . I need a job . 
DUDE ! I sent a letter to the Chrysler Corp . ( Car company ) to the CEO and President of Dodge asking what I should do to become a car designer and they RESPONDED . They said they would be willing to set up a call with him , < PROPMALE > Gilles , thats so tight . 
This weekends been real good . Most fun I've had since diving interuppted my social life . haha 
My computer is fixed . Woot 
Tonight was a good night 
Feeling a bit drained . Then again I did give blood today and went to sleep late 
Band sectionals Suck . 
Torture = My parents eating food such as croutons and/or chips in a quiet room . I would rather jump off a < PROPMALE > . Hate that sound . 
Is anyone going to BYU Provo in the fall besides < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and myself ? 
My wii finally works , after playing 360 though i have realized how poor the graphics are in nintendo . haha 
I need a job or something , I am super bored just sitting at home , I might take a nap if I don't find anything productive . 
Just tryed out for the play and that was pretty intense . Had to sing Tale as Old as Time and from what ppl said i did pretty good . Putting myself out on a limb like this isn't my thing , but i am glad its goin good so far . 
Tryouts part 2 were worse than singing . We had to improv scenes and I suck at thinking that quick . Monday we see what parts we get , I am real nervous . 
Long week finally gives way to the weekend . Bring on the Fun ! =) 
Kinda disappointed I am an anonymous villager in the play , but then again I have never been in a play so making it in is cool . Be interesting to see what its like to be on the stage rather than watching it . 
Disney movies have sure gone downhill 
Took over \Lefou's\ " part for the day at play rehersal . Hopefully I did good enough to show I would do awesome at that part . I wanna be bigger than a villager . haha " 
Two and a half NOS energy drinks sure make life interesting . Last night was a ton of fun . 
I always am the advisor never the advisee . Saying that bites is an understatement . 
Got my room picked out in college . Now All I have to do is graduate and I am all set for BYU . 
Not in a good mood for no apparent reason 
The Man/Woman who decided to put vanilla ice cream and cookie dough ice cream together is a genius ! =) 
My dorm has finally been filled with people so now I have 3 room-mates at BYU . This should be interesting living with 3 random strangers . haha 
One more wake up day then Spring Break , the countdown begins . haha 
First day I have slept past 9 for a few months now . I should do this everyday . 
My sister ( who is half hispanic ) got torillas in her easter basket ... < PROPMALE > and I are searching for our watermelons . =D hahahaha 
If < PROPFIRST > Lohan feel down in a club , does anyone really care ?? Comcast news obviously does and they also care about the Gosselins going Egg Hunting . Who cares really ! That isn't news . 
Almost got rear ended in my car today . If that old lady would have been dumb enough to hit me , I probably would have got handsomely paid since she drives like an idiot , and i need cash right now for a computer . haha 
Finally sold my Wii so I am half way to getting my new computer . 
So tired ! 
Weekend of Xbox is over . haha I got so good at Battlefield Bad Company 2 , its kinda sad . 
I < PROPFEMALE > my grade in Physics to an A but I got a B in Rowell =( Stupid Oedipus Essay pulled it down almost 7 percent . 
Just got two teeth removed and a chain put on another tooth so they can pull it up . I have no pain pills right now and I think the anesthesia is wearing off , this sucks . 
Goin to the drive in tonight , I'm pumped ! =) 
A ton of work goes into making plays I have realized . Good job to everyone involved so far . Should be a good show . 
BAND LOCK IN ! Woooo ! haha Tonights gonna be a good night . 
The lock in was so tight . I am so messed up from it though from running around so much . Stayed up at least 28 hours then took a five hour nap . Fun couple days . 
I can't bring myself to do school work anymore , this is bad . 
Here goes another full week of school , lets hope it goes by quick 
Donated blood for the seventh time today , Woot woot ! One more donation and I will have given a gallon total . =D 
Beatuy and the Beast musical tomorrow starts at 7:30 . Be there or be square . Plus you can see me as the token black guy in the play . 
Today was interesting . Wearing costumes for a play set back a few centuries attracts a ton of attention . At least people know there is a play . 
Beauty and the beast tonight at 730 !! 
Plans for Prom are almost done . =) 
Iron man 2 is really good 
Real tired , hope I dont fall asleep at the play . 
I can't believe Olson thinks I never do work on projects . I need to get partners that don't do good so I look better ! Haha 
Got my tux ordered for prom , I'm gonna look good . haha 
Tomorrow is the Spokane Band Trip !! Woowho 
Come to Beauty and the Beast tonight @ 7:30 . It is over by 8:45 and is only $5 w/ ASB . Its worth it , so if you got nothing to do , this is a solid performance to check out . =D 
Awesome weekend with the band . Sure gonna miss band trips . 
technology is frustrating . I got my computer running BUT I have no internet for it . =( At least I got it all set up finally . 
PEOPLE IN BAND should give me ideas on a good end of the year party . As Vice President of band I feel I need to go out with a bang . Maybe we could just have a day at the lake or something . 
Has Wifi on my computer !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So I will probably be on my computer way too much . haha 
Cleaning out useless files on a computer is tough work . haha 
Pandora is the BEST 
2 more days of school and hello 4 day weekend . This one should be legit . 
Everyone who will play in the Thurston Volleyball Tournament next week better watch out . The Pokemon Masters are going to destroy the competition . =D 
Prom Night will be the Bomb Night =D 
Prom was tight 
Spending the night at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s house , woop woop ! haha 
Odd quote .... \ 
\ 
\They might think they’ve got a pretty jump shot or a pretty good flow 
School can't end soon enough ! 
Crazy Thing happened tonight 
My dog Bonz died not too long ago , didn't realize how much I would miss him . 
If the world was united like the NTHS band , world peace could easily be attained . =D 
' Like ' my status and I'll tell you nice things \ 
about you ! 
I just got inspired to join the Navy from an eight minute recruiting DVD , is that weird ? haha 
Notes to the Yearbook staff .... \ 
1 . Include the Symphonic Band in the year book\ 
2 . Don't give color guard two pages\ 
3 . Put a picture of me in the swim section , I broke a record and made it to state\ 
4 . Make the senior pics bigger \ 
5 . Put the senior's wills on separate pages , then you won't leave out wills\ 
Otherwise it looks good , just could have been more complete with all the stuff above 
The Rain today = a flood tomorrow I swear . Its so Bi-Polar . 
If all goes according to plan I should be done with 5 persuassive essays tonight ... Lord , give me strength . haha 
Iron Ram tomorrow . I am gonna smoke everyone in the water , in my jammer too . =D 
Wearin a speedo in public is a liberating experience . Especially when you run fast in them . haha 
Played a fun round of Fugitive tonight , best game ever . 
Still have done near nothing on Civics , I really don't care either although I should . I hope this doesn't take my grade for a sky dive to rock bottom ... 
This is it , the last day of high school . What what ! hahaha 
Graduation soon , can't wait till it is through . Party at my place after the ceremony , come if you want to , leave when you want . =D 
Fugitive tonight was legit , so many people showed up . 
Hey < PROPMALE > is on Netflix instant play . I loved that show , cool to see it again . 
Car ran out of gas on the way to church , funny how things like that work out . 
Good to know I can stay up late and not worry about school tomorrow =D 
Off to the drive in to see A-Team and the Losers 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone . =D 
Tonight will be a ton of fun . I get to eat Famous < PROPMALE>'s with a bunch of my friends . Awesome food + Cool people = a freakin good night . 
Science is soooo Cool . I just sent in cotton swabs with my DNA from scratching the inside of my cheek . Then they can match me with people who need my bone marrow . Joining the Bone Marrow registry was the best decision I have made as an adult so far . 
\There's nothing stronger than the heart of a volunteer\ " -Lt . Col . < PROPFIRST > \ 
I wish that I got to leave the states this summer . Seems like everyone who is anyone is leaving the at some point . 
Just watched all of Titanic . I feel as if it sucked the happiness out of me , that is a sad movie . 
Gone for a week , be back saturday 
Got a 3.95 GPA Last semester ! Suck on that Senior-Itos ! 
O man , I reached 8 blood donations in the past couple years which means I have donated a whole gallon of blood . I feel accomplished . haha 
Today will be a good day . Gonna go car shopping with my folks . =D 
NEVER EVER go to Capitol < PROPMALE > at night , especially if you don't know what you are doing there . haha 
Goin to the Skokomish river today was fun . Good way to cool off and < PROPFEMALE > out with a really random group of ppl , haha , good times . 
Seems like every day has been a saturday and now it finally is . Been a good week though . 
ANYONE : Would a movie night at my house be a good thing , outside projected like the drive-in ? Let me know and maybe it can be arranged . 
< PROPFIRST > Hogrebe is the freakin bessssssssssssssssst . 
Had a fun time last night pulling an all nighter . =D 
Anyone up to bike down the chehalis western trail ? Text me and we can meet up . I am gonna leave soon . 
Biked from my house to Yelm , all the way down the Chehalis Western Trail .... 30 < PROPMALE > later and I am hurting . haha 
People who are coming to the movie night tomorrow PLEASE carpool . You could even drive to south bay and have one person take a couple ppl over . Idk how many people are coming but I don't have a huge drive way . 
PEOPLE OF FACEBOOK !!!! Anyone interested in having a kickball tournament OR capture the flag game OR even a game of ultimate next week ??? Like this status and if enough ppl do I will plan it . Post times or dates that work . Thanks =D 
Applebees SUCKS !!! I payed with cash and debit card and she thought my money was for the tip . Ugh soooo stupid . Freakin waitress hustled me . 
Goin on a bike ride at 12:30 with < PROPMALE > . Anyone else can come if they want , just send me a message or text . 
Seeing inception tonight , I am psyched =D 
INCEPTION is the GREATEST movie I have seen . In the top 3 in my book . 
Drive in tonight was really fun . =D 
Boy this past day has felt like a week but it has been a ton of fun . I have learned a bunch about certain people and slept near nothing , its good to not have parental controls . =D 
Bike riding today with < PROPFEMALE > Hoff and < PROPMALE > Fuller , Hope it warms up outside for us . 
Just repainted the trim on my house , I live such an exciting life . haha 
Last night was ... interesting . A bunch of old music videos and dancing and yeah , good to know in 8 hours everyone that was at my house last night will be back . Sonics gonna be fun . 
O my poor stomach , that double down is not sitting with me well . Darn you KFC and your fried chicken goodness ! 
Another late night of Sonic , Youtube and good company . Summer is GOOD . =D 
Got a Skype , my user name is BBQSauce911 . =) 
StarCraft Dos Comes out tomorrow !!! =D 
Just slept twelve hours last night , first time since the summer started . 
Wow , I almost got scammed on Craigslist ... People these days . 
Got Starcraft 2 ! =D 
Anyone going to the lake today ? 
Awesome time at the Fancy Dinner , Can't say I am excited to see all the videos and pictures that will appear on FB . haha 
I got a tumblr . My URL is Alexandersalamander.tumblr.com if you wanna follow my post 
Just beat Starcraft 2 , well the campaign , it was tight . Best game I have played , at least for PC . 
Long lake @ 4:00 , if anyone else is interested you should go . See ya then 
Whoever said < PROPFIRST > grow a fro I should have just not listened , looking at old pictures of when I had one makes me wonder why I thought it was such a good idea . 
I leave the 24th just FYI . So lets party ? haha 
This bites , I just messed up my class schedule for college . 
2.5 more weeks in < PROPFEMALE > , it is gonna fly by . 
Long week , I can already feel it . 
Disaster Averted ! I got my BYU class schedule back in order . =D Life is good . 
100 Days till < PROPMALE > Potter 7 ! =D 
If you are bored and have nothing to do , go to the lake today at 4 . 
Awesome time with < PROPMALE > Fuller < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > today . =D 
BYU has a club called the Bombardment Society , basically a dodge ball club , I wanna join . =) 
It is blazing hot outside . Freakin 91 degrees . =O 
Dallin H Oaks is here in < PROPFEMALE > . That is CRAZY ! 
I forgot how good The < PROPMALE > of Egypt was , the movie . 
iHelen Keller =D 
I got a Swimming Class in my college schedule =D Maybe they will let us dive and I can show off my skills . haha 
24 million dollars is a little excessive for a house , don't you think ? 
<3 
< PROPFEMALE > is pretty much my best friend . EVER . 
Had the worst time sleeping last night , I woke up so many times . And all I could dream about was living at BYU . haha I thought these things happened the day before I went . 
I have freakin 66 notifications !! What the heck ? hahaha 
Anyone have my copy of < PROPFEMALE > Harbor ? 
I just completely stripped down the wall of car pictures in my room , which was a tough thing to do trust me , and my mom walks in and starts crying . Just cause that stuff is gone doesn't mean I am gone forever . 
I have 69,100 seconds left in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are awesomeeeeeeee ! 
Tomorrow I am moving into my dorm and thus begins my run at BYU , haha , Crazy Stuff . 
I love college =D 
So I have been through almost my first real day of college and I can't say that I hate it . I only have 3 classes a day so that is awesome . Hope I still feel the same come mid terms . 
Good Life is a really good song by OneRepuplic 
Pandora One is where its at ! haha 
Microsoft OneNote is the greatest discovery in college I have made , IT IS SO USEFUL ! 
DID YOU KNOW .... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > is 30th out of 31 countries for our child mortality rate ? We are behind Cuba in this . That is really sad . 
Gonna watch Casino < PROPMALE > , one of my favorite movies . =D ( by the way BYU beat UW ) 
I just realized I don't have bacon in my fridge , how have I survived college without bacon ??!!!! 
Keeping track of all my assignments for college is a risky business . 
Hallelujah ! I finished my Chemistry assignment ! =D 
\Never mistake motion for action\ " \ 
First Quiz Today for Anatomy , Lets Hope I Pass . 
Just went to a stake conference in the Marriott Center , there were almost 23,000 people there and also President Packer and Elder Holland , two apostles ; it was crazy . 
The book One Hundred Years of Solitude is such a good book , probably my favorite . 
Donated blood for the 9th time today , woot woot . They weren't as professional as the PSBC but at least they can help someone with my blood . 
Got a 92% on my first exam in college for Human Anatomy !!! Woot 
I just saw two human cadavers along with a human arm , that was intense . 
I just joined Stickam.com! Come view my LIVE stream at http://stickam.com/bbqsauce911 
Won the stud award in my hall for donating 9 units of blood ( 1 Gallon and a pint ) =D 
I have a B right now in Anatomy , better than I thought . 
BLU-RAY IS AMAZING ! I have a blu < PROPFIRST > player and The Dark Knight and Life is 10x better . 
Does anyone else think sleep is weird ? You lay down and close your eyes and wait to \Turn off\ " basically and wake up moments later or so you think . Maybe I am just crazy but it trips me out . " 
“Talent wins games , but teamwork and intelligence wins championships . ”\ 
- < PROPFIRST > Ford 
Just got 50 chicken nuggets from Mcdonalds along with 2 large fries and 2 large drinks . College is so much fun . haha 
Diamonds are Forever by Kayne West is a good song , I forgot about it . 
My FHE Mommy loves me <3 
Eating chicken < PROPMALE > , life is good . =D 
TUNA IS SOOOO GROSSSS AND SMELLS SUPER BAD ! 
I must admit , I kinda miss my < PROPFEMALE > friends . =/ 
HOW DID WE MEET ? :) Copy this to your status and see who remembers !?!?!? 
Alex : How did we meet ? \ 
Ben : We came into the world singing , holding hands singing \Can't be Tamed\ " by Miley Cyrus\ 
Studying is the worst . I don't think I am doing it right . 
Bombed my Human Anatomy Mid-term ... But now I have an intense study program I am going to try and accomplish for the rest of the semester . Go hard or go home is my philosophy for school now . 
Two black guys asked me where they could find weed today while I was walking home . I had to tell them I didn't know and that they probably wouldn't have much luck seeing that this is BYU . haha made my day . 
Went a full day without my phone and Facebook and I can't say that checking it all after the time was up was worth it , kinda anti-climatic . Haha I have realized how helpful my phone is though . 
Stayed up till four with my roomate , BAD idea . I have 3 classes today and I am super tired . < PROPFIRST > , it is all your fault . haha 
Getting to sleep before midnight for once this week , I am a master at this self control thing . haha 
Outer Space dance and Mad Gab , good night . =D Too bad I have anatomy in nine hours . 
Just played the game Bigger and Better and traded a < PROPFIRST > Pin to eventually get a legit Big wheel . =D 
It is amazing how gross a college dorm sink can get before someone decides it is time to clear it out . 
I need to stop eating out , I only have so much to spend . =O 
Snapple Peach Tea is THE BEST ! 
Guess who may work at Disney Land Next Spring ?! =) 
Big ANATOMY test tomorrow . 100 points are at stake , wish me luck , I will need it for sure . haha 
\Better a Has-been than a Never-was . But better a Never-was than a Never-tried-to-be . \ " \ 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Johnston 
I got that job at Disney BUT because I am will be in college in January I had to turn them down . AHHHHHHHHh ! At least I made it that far right ? 
\I make milkshake ... why no boys in my yard ? \ " \ 
Should I take a language class next semester ? And which one should I do ? ( Not Spanish ) 
I have become a master at Ebay , too bad I don't have much to sell anymore . haha 
Printed off a Chemistry Practice quiz thinking I had this in the bag and I am pretty sure I printed the wrong one because I understand like none of the problems . Woops . haha 
It is beginning to start snowing here , lightly , but still . I hear it will continue till Spring . Woooo =( 
Power Studying for the next 2 hours on CHEMISTRY . Can I do it , lets hope I really can . 
Rented a car to go to the mall tomorrow . FIRST TIME driving since August , how sad . haha SO PSYCHED !! 
I am incapable if studying I swear ! I am beginning to think I have the attention span of a dog . 
Holy Cow we Have snow outside , like legit amounts . (*(*@ (&@#* ()$* =O 
Its amazing how Chemistry somehow got 10x easier today . This is exciting ! 
Going to take my Chem exam . This should be a good time . haha 
This is a really sad story , people are retarded and should never be parents ... \ 
\But it seems to be an affliction of modern life . In one extreme example in South Korea\ 
While transferring my contacts to my new phone I have discovered that ... \ 
A . I don't talk to most people in there\ 
&\ 
B . There are people I have no idea who they are\ 
Good thing I am weeding all that out . 
I <3 eBay so much right now . I have sold over $200+ of stuff , Holla holla ! =D 
Halloween dance and trip to Mcdonalds , good night for sure . =D 
My attention got taken away from studying for one second and I ended up back on the internet .... figures . 
Just found out Christmas is in 54 DAYS ! =D 
\With ordinary talent and extraordinary perseverance 
Soooo Tired but I need to register for classes at midnight . Maybe I will get the classes at times I want them , but that is a big joke . An hour an a half left ... ugh 
Man I had some weird tastes in music when I was younger . 
I may be home for Thanksgiving ! =D 
Nerd : \I would have you know I am saving myself for marriage . \ " \ 
Gold < PROPFEMALE > Status on eBay Baby ! What what ! haha 
Another three hours with cadavers in lab ... Anatomy you are killing me right now . 
Writing ( and receiving ) letters is 45x more fulfilling than getting notifications on facebook , it's the truth . 
8 more Book of Mormon classes in the semester . That means 4 weeks left till First semester is over ! Just gotta stay strong for a month and I will be good . 
I am coming home late Saturday night ( the 20th ) for sure now ! =DD 
Thanks for the Farwell video I got when I left from all my friends . I watched it for the first time today while being at BYU and it made my day . It also made me excited to come home but at least it is only 12 days till I come back !!!! 
Just walked 3 < PROPMALE > to find a copy of < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . Haven't seen the movie yet but < PROPFEMALE > Searle told me she HAD to have it . haha better be good . 
Got a 79% on my Anatomy Mid Term . Considering it was 100 multiple choice questions , covered 10 chapters and that is is a 200 level college course , I did AMAZING . 
So the night before my first draft on a research paper is due I am switching my position . This is going to take forever to write this paper , but here I go . 
In Anatomy today I learned you can keep your teeth seven years longer if you floss your teeth in addition to regularly brushing . I am definitely going to start flossing more often . haha 
Going to watch Toy Story 3 . I remember the first time I saw that everyone was balling by the end . haha 
< PROPFEMALE > get ready because I am coming home in 8 days . 
WHY WHATS UP ? Like this and I will say stuff about you . haha 
Tomorrow is my last Anatomy quiz before the final , BoYAA ! 
I think naps really aren't fun . Maybe that is just me but I feel even more tired than before . =P 
Going diving soon , so pumped =D 
Today definitely has already proved to be crazy and its only 1:00 . Next week is going to be insane , but fun ; can't get here sooner . =D 
I am tired , hungry , and ready for it to be the weekend ... now . 
Everyone at North Thurston , that is unfair you got a day off because it was < PROPFEMALE > . =P Just saying . haha 
Avoiding an essay is probably the worst idea right now but my mind is stuck on the fact I am going home soon . Nobody can understand how excited I am , its beyond a big deal . 
Seeing < PROPMALE > Potter Tomorrow Night . Looking forward to it . =D 
Just finished my essay which means one more class tomorrow and I am all set for break . Heck Yes ! haha 
< PROPMALE > potter seven definitely lived up to my expectations . Awesome movie . :) 
Getting ready for my Greyhound adventure . Hope I can make this documentary as entertaining as possible . =D 
So there is a black guy and two mexicans at a gas station . You would think this is a joke but it really explains my situation perfectly . Lol 
I am in idaho . =D making progress . Haha 
I'm back in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Sleeping in my own bed tonight , life is good . :) 
I do not want the snow to come down like this ALL week . I won't be able to leave my house and if the power goes I am also going to freeze , what a way to spend my break . 
Not to ruin someones day or to make Facebook a gloomy place but honestly I am in such a bad mood right now I am not hungry and I just want to sleep for fifty years and IDK , just press a restart button and try to avoid all the stuff that is slowly building up in my life and causing me issues . 
Sitting in my house blaring the album The Beginning by The Black Eyed Peas , things are looking up . =D 
Did anyone else get a text basically saying there is a crazy storm coming and we should all run and hide ? 
People of Facebook , get ready to see just how bored I actually am right now . =D 
Welcome back Egg Nog , you have been missed . =D 
< PROPMALE > out with 3 of my best buds tonight ... and I thought today wasn't going to be fun , its good to be wrong . 
Who almost crashed into another car today from sliding ? This guy right here . haha 
From what has happened today i have come to realize one thing ... I am horrible at relationships . Pretty sure a rock is more suave than i am . 
Does anyone else think it is weird that 2010 is almost over ? 
I\ 
am thankful to be able to be home with my family and friends this week \ 
and have a break from BYU ... and although the snow has kind of messed with \ 
my plans , I am making the most out of what I got . Happy Thanksgiving \ 
everyone =D 
< PROPMALE > weighs twenty more pounds than me ... And we are the same height ... And age . What ? Haha 
Black Friday shopping this morning with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > Fuller , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > was a ton of fun . Energy drinks , you really pulled through this time . =D 
The Black Eyed Peas are the half time entertainment for the Super Bowl next year , yes ! Haha 
Heading back to Utah today . This trip is going to be so looonnnnggg . 
I got my music and my thoughts to keep me entertained on the bus . This trip needs to end soon . Haha 
Thank the lord for airplanes . Lol 
I can't wait to take a shower and be in my dorm . I've been traveling for two days now and i'm tired . 
Just took my anatomy final , that was intense . 
“It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are . ”\ 
– e.e. cummings 
Believe it or not but there is only twenty four more days till Christmas . 
So today in my anatomy lecture we are talking about reproductive systems . I know way too much about how babies are really made now . Lol 
Life ... What am I gonna do with you ? lol 
\When the world calls roll answer present\ " -Peace Corps " 
Is it just me or is it crazy how attractive some people are , for real . haha 
Another \busy work\ " assignment for my student development class ACCOMPLISHED ! And I thought going to college would get rid of these type of assignments . haha " 
Only TWO weeks from today and I will be back in < PROPFEMALE > again ! 
Crunch wrap supreme's from taco < PROPFEMALE > are the best . 
< PROPMALE > Fuller , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > you all remember the picture from our trip to Poland when < PROPMALE > and I were asleep on the bus ? Well I just looked at that closer and < PROPFIRST > Jones is in the back with a crazy smile . It made me laugh really hard . haha 
Inception comes out tomorrow ! ! :) 
I don't need to wear contacts but I always thought it would be cool to wear a pair that made my eyes green , or just a different color . It would be trippy . 
THE HOBBIT is actually becoming a movie ! ! ! Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , this is awesome news . =D 
I want ... no .... I NEED an N64 in my dorm . Then I can play Perfect Dark , Banjoo Kazoiee , < PROPFEMALE > , Rush and all the other awesome games that system had . I don't need a Wii to have fun . lol 
\I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends . \ " - < PROPMALE > Lincoln\ 
Talking on skype for five hours seems a little crazy but < PROPMALE > and i managed to do it . That is skill right there . Haha 
Playing N64 games on my computer , freakin sweet . haha 
Have you ever had a friend and then one weekend your friendship just got 10x better ? Yea that just happened to me . haha 
Dear < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. , \ 
I have a dream within a dream within a dream within another dream ... What now ? \ 
Sincerely , < PROPMALE > DiCaprio . 
Don't know how this slipped my mind but christmas is in thirteen days . Frick . I still need to get gifts . Haha 
How did rainbows become synonymous with homosexuals ? Are skittles gay then ? Rainbows don't even have any gay aspects to them Its just light going through water . 
Designing a new < PROPFEMALE > Cayman for a contest . Not gonna lie , my sketches so far are sick . 
Mal : I'll tell you a riddle . You're waiting for a train , a train that will take you far away . You know where you hope this train will take you , but you don't know for sure . But it doesn't matter . How can it not matter to you where the train will take you ? \ 
Cobb : Because you'll be together . \ 
This is stuck in my head . 
Can < PROPFEMALE > Smith only Whip her hair ? Or does she have other talents , or songs ... haha 
3 finals - 6 days left + 2 weeks break + Crazy awesome people = GOOD TIMES . \So Freakinnnn Excited \"" 
After I finish my Human Anatomy test tomorrow ( and hopefully live through that ) I am going to have nothing to do till I leave Sunday . That combined with a room to myself , things are going to get real crazy . haha 
There are those that say they are excited for Winter break and then there is < PROPMALE > Fuller and I who are Freaking EXCITED ! 
First semester of college , DONE ! yessss 
The Social Network is an exceptionally well done movie . Just sayin . 
Facebook should get a slideshow function for pictures . 
If only < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > McCleve and < PROPFEMALE > Searle were here , walking to < PROPFEMALE>'s and < PROPMALE>'s Cuts wouldn't seem so bad . haha Don't worry , I can handle this . 
Anybody know any good movies i should watch ? I need to find something different to see . 
Movie #3 finished , 3 more to go . =D 
Fell asleep at nine am and woke up now at three thirty . Don't think that is healthy . Lol 
I get home today . Yes ... Be excited . Lol 
I love how movie nights get planned at my house without my knowledge . Haha 
I'm back =) 
There is almost twelve people over at my house right now and I have been home for barely an hour , this is going to be a good break . haha 
One word that could describe the people coming to my movie night tonight would be DIVERSITY . Haha 
Thanks everyone that made last night really fun . Hope the feeling was mutual . Haha 
Going to be on drugs today , woo who ! Lol all because i got a tooth pulled five minutes ago . I better not be out for too long . 
If only , if only I was more alluring . lol 
Friccckkkkkkkk ! That is all I gotta say . lol 
Things could be so much better if you just meet me halfway . 
Well I almost had a heart attack just now . Tried checking my GPA for college and I see 2.4 on there and I'm like WHHHAAAAATTTTTTTT ! Turns out it only has one class listed so far , Human Anatomy , so that makes sense ( Got a C+) but that freaking scared me . 
If anyone is single and ready to mingle , i'm your guy . 
It does not feel like Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . Where did the year go ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Things look better in Blu < PROPFIRST > . :D 
Christmas days always turn into a movie marathon . Last year = LOTR trilogy ... This year = Taken , Avatar , The Dark Knight and Step Up 2 =D 
Just found out i have spent over hundred days in church . Granted if i had gone to church every week since birth . 
Just got a six pack ... Of Snapple peach tea . Life is good . Haha 
So pumped to play Just Dance 2 with everyone tonight , everyone is going down . haha 
So I have a gift card to Amazon and want some new Blu < PROPFIRST > movies . What should I get ?? Someone help me out . 
I survived my first semester of college with a 3.26 GPA , I'm okay with that . haha 
I have bought 7 new Blu-ray movies in addition to getting 2 for Christmas so now I have ... Casino Royale , Quantum of Solace , The Lord of The Rings Trilogy , Avatar , Taken , Inglorious Basterds and Batman Begins in my collection . Woo hooooo ! lol < PROPFEMALE > Searle and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > McCleve , we need some movie nights now . =D 
Why is every new movie in 3D or split into two parts ? I don't want to shell out this much cash to see one movie . 
Does it make sense i have six classes and only fourteen and a half credits ? BYU makes no sense to me . 
\You know what i just realized ? Taio < PROPFIRST > was our flight attendent\ " - Ben\\n\\nlol " 
Classes start tomorrow and I have yet to buy books , buy some groceries cause I have no food and to top it off I have no idea where most of my classes really are . 
I like checking my bank account expecting ten dollars to be sitting there and ... SUPRISE , there is five hundred and fifty . Lol 
< PROPMALE > Potter Years 1-6 , welcome to my Blu-Ray Collection . haha 
Guy : \Hey wanna get high and smoke drugs ? It will make you more popular with all the popular kids . \ " \ 
I just saw the greatest concentration of black people I've ever seen at BYU . There were four of them at one table . It was crazy . Haha 
I felt old when i realized that The Lord Of The Rings trilogy started ten years ago . Anyone else feel that way ? 
I think I have found a < PROPMALE > I want to do ! =) 
I want a 3D camera ! Mostly just to say I have one because I have no idea where I would view the pictures in 3D , but it'd be cool . 
I have a class where i watch foreign films and write short papers about them and that is it . I <3 college . 
I am probably going to get killed for asking this but ... Why is Jersey Shore so cool ? I am pretty sure what I saw in one episode just repeats itself in every other episode . They go to a club , the guys bring back chicks , those chicks make Snooki mad and there is a fight then the show ends . I just don't understand why the show is addicting to some . 
For those who were in the Beauty and the Beast play last year check this out ... \ 
Someone in one of my classes is named < PROPMALE > . No joke . haha 
The Other Guys is so funny . Like this if you agree . 
The Temper Trap is a good band to listen and chill out to . 
Why do chips trick you into eating the whole bag ? I never mean to but it always happens . 
I don't understand how I was able to cut my thumb by taking a shower ... soooo confused . 
I joined this greek lit class so i could read some interesting books . Turns out i have seven of them we are covering . And they are dense . This should be ... Fun . 
Eight o clock classes really shouldn't exist . Not in college at least . 
Just realized i have the European version of the < PROPMALE > Potter films . The first one is entitled the Philosopher's Stone . Haha 
I am going to regret staying up this late tomorrow for sure and not doing my homework .... This could be the story of my life really . 
North Thurston kids are so lucky to have school delayed . There is definitely a good almost foot of snow outside but does that stop school from happening here , of course not . I have to walk out in the sub 10 degree temperatures too to get to class . At least I get out in April while you guys get out in late June . =D 
I always think that when I order off the dollar menu that since you spend so little , you don't get that much . 4 sandwiches later I re learn my lesson . Lol 
\Hey if you guys haven't gotten any face time with my mom she's that vision in the corner . Swing by . Say hi . She's real down to earth 
Condeleeza Rice is at BYU . O snap . Lol 
So instead of being given the option to send an message of what the person missed when someone goes offline in fb chat , it is done automatically ... that could get annoying . 
I am taking a film class and now I want to go into movies as a career . Why can't I just pick an interest and stick with it ?! 
No matter how much we read , no matter how much we learn in school , we always have room to learn more . It may be true we use only a fraction of our brain's capacity but why not try and fill it up . I say to that , challenge accepted . =) 
I posted a picture of my Cadillac on the Cadillac fb < PROPFEMALE > and now someone I don't know made it their profile pic . Don't know if I should be impressed or not . haha 
That was ... Interesting 
Donating blood today for the eleventh time . Boo ya ! Haha 
< PROPMALE > Fuller is my favorite person today . Just sayin . 
There is no greater satisfaction than to find a < PROPMALE > sized Snickers bar when you are cleaning out your room . :D 
Just walked three < PROPMALE > so i didn't have to pay two extra bucks to red box . At least my health appreciates it . 
I could make 75 dollars , and I don't even have a job . Life is real good . =D 
Just attempted to mix ramen and eggs to try and add some variety to my diet and I am pretty sure it is already making me sick . ='( 
Disturbia came on Pandora and I instantly flash backed to the summer I got my license . That was an awesome summer . Can't believe it was 2 and a half years ago . 
The one thing I absolutely want right now is something that absolutely won't happen . I just love how that works . 
\I want a hobbit for my birthday ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Searle \\n\\nhaha " 
I love how Hera from greek mythology slept with Zeus so he would fall asleep & she could help the Trojans win . Shows how weak men are to the allure of women =D 
In my Biology class we covered this epidemiological study that we went over in my Public Health class from last semester . Made me grateful to know I am actually learning things in college . hahaha 
Did you know ... if the consumption of ice cream goes up in an area , the murder rate will follow suit ? So ice cream lovers beware . Lol 
I hate having dreams that are so real that you belive them but when you realize it is a dream , you get upset . Haha 
In three months guess where I will be ? Back home and outta school . Holla ! haha 
Just got a box full of food from home . BEST GIFT EVER ! 
I discovered the best show ever . A little late to the party but Community is the best . 
If you ever have the < PROPMALE > to eat at a Five Guys burger joint , DON'T . I just laid down ten bucks for a burger that was only so so . 
Good thing Taio < PROPFIRST > picked a cool stage name because saying his real name , Adetayo Ayowale Onile-Ere , would be real tough . 
Just went on a mystery ... I guess it was a date .... with another apartment in heritage halls . They feed us cheesecake , we played a cool game , and I meet 6 new ladies . I would say its been a good night . =D 
Hey my AFRO is making a come back . Just thought I would make that known . haha 
I hate getting \stage fright\ " when you are using a urinal when a bunch of people are there . Then you just look like a creeper . " 
Like this status if you still think NEED FOR SPEED MOST WANTED is the best racing game ever . 
Spiderman 3 OR Pirates of the Caribbean 3 . Hurry someone help me decide . ( Neither isn't an answer though ) 
If my tv is wide screen and i'm playing a blu < PROPFIRST > film , shouldn't it play across the entire screen without black lines ? For real though . 
Dear girl who answers every question in Bio , please shut up . Your input is not wanted . Thanks . Sincerely , tired college student . 
I wish guests were treated like back in ancient Greek times where they would take you in , feed you , let you get cleaned up , sleep a little and THEN the next day they would ask you what your business was . If everyone was that hospitable , I swear world peace would be possible . 
Just had root beer for the first time in almost six months . Thats insane . Haha 
Timbaland Presents Shock Value is my favorite album by far . Its one of those CD's you don't skip a track of . 
My fro is not the only thing making a come back this year , so is my swimmer's bod , coming to a pool near you summer 2011 . haha yeah , be excited . 
I should get a job as a flabodomist ! Not sure that is spelled right but its the people who take blood . It wouldn't be too tough and i could save lives . :) 
1100+ Pages : The amount i have read for one of my college classes in three weeks . Crazy stuff . 
Man , eBay is going to be the death of my bank account . At least I am getting new speaks and an HD camcorder . lol 
Done with the Odyssey ! Yes ! Haha 
So there was a guy on the BYU campus smoking and all my friends and i got really confused . Haha you just don't see smokers around here . 
Just ate three quarters of a little caesers pizza . I shouldn't have done that ... 
Like this if you listen to a rap or hip hop beat just so you can nod your head to the bass and feel like a boss . haha 
The best memories come from the summer time and reminiscing about them tonight has made me even more pumped for Summer 2011 . Bring on the good times . haha 
I was all ready to do homework when I realized there is a new SNL on Hulu , I know which takes priority . =D 
\Bride of Blackenstein 
I just saw a deer just walkin on campus like it ain't no thing . So random . 
I <3 trail mix . 
It is so cold here that i am expecting to look up at the flag wavin in the wind and see it stop moving like in the day after tomorrow and then freeze to death . 
Grand Theft Auto : The Ballad of Gay < PROPFIRST > has probably the most bangin soundtrack ever . Why did it take me this long to find it . Its so GOOD ! 
Is it sad that I have no idea what songs are on the radio , or what is even popular anymore ? 
I like how in college you can basically talk to anyone and become friends with them in like 5 minutes . 
Naps are NOT helpful to me . Whenever I take one I just get even more tired , like 5 minutes ago I woke up and I feel like I never have gone to sleep ever . And I have swimming in 10 minutes ... 
Just watched The Pursuit of Happiness and It's an awesome movie . Sad , but a good movie nonetheless . Makes me want to take college so much more seriously . 
Almost died watching the beginning of Community , the dungeons and dragons episode . Its so funny . 
The Dark Knight always gets the most recognition but really , Batman Begins is just as good . 
I know that i am near one of the few black people at BYU but today at church i was THE only black person , it was intense . Haha 
Now that is a half time show . Haha 
Eminem will < PROPFEMALE > in a Chrysler commercial one of these 3rd quarter breaks . I WANNA SEE IT ! It's supposed to be two minutes long though , better be interesting ... 
My speakers are T H X certified and < PROPFEMALE > wars is filmed with T H X sound so it sounds so awesome ! Best investment ever . Haha 
My american heritage teacher is bribing people to dance in front of our class in mc hammer pants . He is proving a point of the law of supply 
Guess won't have braces when they come back to < PROPFEMALE > ? This kid right here . :) Heck yes ! Haha 
Fate is dumb b c the outcomes of those fated are always bad . Oedipus marries his mom & killed his dad . Clearly the one who makes peoples fates is a sick being . 
I got Goldfish from my parents the other day but not till now did I realize they were the S'Mores flavors . I didn't even know these existed , but they are sooo good . haha 
So I just realized one of the careers I have considered recently pays on average $ 74,000 a year . I am down with that . =) 
To anyone that knows my older brother < PROPFIRST > , he gets back to < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow from his 2 year LDS mission . SO yeah , if you wanna catch up with him , he will be around just fyi . haha 
Should get a smart phone or save thirty bucks a month and get a regular phone ? Like this if its a yes , comment if you think no with a reason too . 
My life just got exponentially better , not really , but its still awesome BECAUSE I own The Other Guys now =D 
If a movie adapted from a book makes you want to read the story it was created after , then it can be considered a great movie . To me at least . 
Lt . < PROPMALE > from The Dark Knight is Sirius Black from the < PROPMALE > Potter movies ! Crazy epiphany i just had Lol 
A girl feel off the stage today in church and basically had to get assisted out of the room . Super awkward . It was right after she had just given her talk too . 
O man , the semester as of next week will be half way over . Time is flying by real fast , it is insane . Can't wait till April . =D 
So i woke up after a 2 hour nap and looked at the clock and found out it was 7:05 at which I obviously assumed was a.m. time . My reaction = O_o . \ 
Then I realized I was dumb and couldn't possibly have slept for a whole 15 hours . I shouldn't rush to conclusions that fast . XP 
Water has become my favorite drink in college ... Not just because it is free . Haha it is actually really good . 
Multiple choice tests should not be the sole indicator of my intelligence . 
My first car will be a Cadillac STS , Chrysler 300 , Dodge Charger or Dodge Magnum . Whichever one I can find for the best deal . Its GOING to happen . haha Hopefully I can get one this summer . 
I discovered how to bypass the picture window on fb ! All you have to do is open the picture in a new tab by clicking a picture with the scroll wheel on the mouse or right clicking the picture and opening a tab that way . 
Poseidon the Greek God is gay ( or bi I guess ) . Him and Pelops , son of Tantalus , had a \thing\ " . Like Poseidon fell in love with Pelops and abducted him to his house on Olympus where he became his lover and apprentice . \ 
So i was going to take a test but i left my id at my dorm so now i will have to walk fifteen minutes there and back to get it . Just my luck . 
“Anyone who says they have only one life to live must not know how to read a book . ” ~ Author Unknown 
< PROPFIRST > Cossom is whats up 
My Cadillac weighs near 2 tons which is hefty , right ? Well consider that a Bentley sedan weighs a ton more than that ( more even than a Chevy Suburban SUV ) and can go 0-60 in under 5 seconds . O_o Blows my mind . 
Going to Vegas for the weekend =D 
Hot Brownies and cold vanilla ice cream is the best ! 
I wish i could have a table like in Hog warts that would just magically fill with food . My life would be made if i owned that . 
This buffet knocked me up because now i have a food baby . I'm not even mad . Lol 
I love having different groups of friends like the ones from college and the ones back at home . They may never beat out each other as my favorites , but they all are awesome . =D 
Spy kids 4 is coming out this year and I just found out they cast the most random person ever . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . O_o makes no sense but hey , I'm not hatin ' . haha 
Organ transplants blow my mind . It is insane that someone can just be given a part of someone else and , voila , it works for them ( well mostly ) If I wasn't so scared to live the rest of my life with one Kidney , I would totally give one away . 
I have to wake up in 6 hours . =( For Biology of all things . 
Why do Step up and The fast & the furious series have AWESOME dance scenes & car races ( respectively ) but have some of the worst plots and acting ? 
Why does the whole support planned parent hood thing have so many graphic pictures ?? One picture showed a guys ribs but he was spliced open and you could see his spleen . WTF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I did a Forward 1.5 somersault with a full twist tonight diving ! It was intense , glad I am getting better . 
Every just kidding has a little truth behind it . 
If you watch Lady Gag's new video expect to have this face/thoughts ... O_o \ 
I don't even know what just happened . 
< PROPFEMALE > Smith has a new song . She doesn't just whip her hair back and forth , who woulda known ?? haha 
I want a puppy really bad . 
The Odyssey is probably one of my favorite books ever . No joke . 
Since last August I have been home only 3 weeks O_o that is so weird to think about . 
\Maybe we should call each other the Febreeze brothers cause its feeling so fresh now . \ " \\n- The Other Guys " 
That awkward moment when you laugh at a text and you realize people around you probably think your crazy . 
EVERY < PROPFEMALE > Wars film is being re released in theaters , but this time they will be in 3-D . Talk about a quick way to get cash . Plus they are releasing the series in Blu-Ray for over $100 . \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > should just make a whole new awesome movie . 
I may have said before I don't want a smart phone , but I want the HP Palm Pre 3 when it comes out later this year . It looks so cool ! 
There are reasons why I stopped growing out my Afro . I am beginning to realize why again ... 
How can I overdraw my bank account when I signed a paper that said I couldn't do that !!!!! This sucks . 
I was walking on sidewalk & this car drove through this puddle almost splashing me like in the movies . On top of that my shoes are wet . The lord is testing me . 
I just remembered the goodness that is Costco polish sausage dogs . I wanna go to Costco now ! I haven't been since last summer =( 
There is no greater satisfaction than buzzing off your afro . 
Definitely thought my class started an hour later than usual and showed up right in the middle , interrupting the presentation . My bad . 
Check out the news of the eight point eight earthquake in japan . It is insane . 
Tron Legacy is a tight movie . 
So Google is going to make its own social network possibly named Circles . I wonder if it will replace facebook . haha 
Does anyone else think the whole nuclear reactor panics in Japan are terrifying ? I don't want to be in a nuclear fall out . 
I wanna car and I want it with a < PROPMALE > transmission . That is basically my biggest wish right now . haha 
I've only had two days off since the beginning of the year and i got five straight weeks until i come home . I'm dyin here . 
\I threw my roommate a birthday party and then she threatened to kill me\ " - My friend Rachel\\n\\nbahahaha " 
Church's Chicken , why you gotta be so far away ?! I want some good chicken right now . 
Words that were created for the soul purpose of being impossible to spell : \Restaurant\ " & \ " Guarantee\ " ( had to use the spell check for this one ) " 
Sorry to bring up < PROPFEMALE > black AGAIN , but there is a dub step version of her song . hahahahaha 
I just accepted to wear a costume in the shape of a blood drop to promote the blood drive here @ BYU next week . This should be fun . 
Seven Pounds is still one of my favorite movies . Its so good . 
I was a little disappointed that all my friends are all back for Spring Break without me but then I remembered I only have 5 weeks of school left and they have almost 3 months . I ain't too mad . haha 
Disney owns ESPN , I would have never thought . 
I found a job I could get 12 bucks an hour for . I hope I get hired ! 
Anyone in < PROPFEMALE > willing to get a gym membership with me so I have someone to work out with ? haha 
Pretty sure provo is bi polar when it comes to weather . It was cold , then the sun came out , then it got cloudy and now it is snowing hardcore . I am so confused . 
That awkward moment when you find the book you want in the library and you open it to find it is entirely written in greek . 
Last night was tight . I went to a dance , then < PROPFEMALE>'s and In-n-Out , played a few rounds of commander almost breaking my leg in the process , met some cool new people and then played Dead Space till crashing at 5 am . Good times =D 
If a song says produced by Danja or Timbaland , you know it is going to be sick or at least have a tight beat . 
I wish I was 21 so I could get my commercials drivers license and drive as my job . Make life 10x easier . 
I did a double front flip in pike today in diving =D 
What I would do for some baby back , baby back ribs right about now haha 
Its awesome how everyone is outside because its a a really nice day today . The weather better stay like this . 
Why are all female artist now making music videos that are so out there you don't know how to react to them ? Watch E.T. by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ft . Kayne West and you will know whats up . lol 
Baz Luhrmann ( who made Moulin Rouge and the new < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ) is making The Great Gatsby which comes out next year . I am excited . 
It was 73 degrees the other day and now its a freakin winter wonderland outside . What gives man , what gives 
Why is every cool phone on Verizon a smarrtphone !? I don't wanna have to pay $30 extra a month but I don't want an ancient bare bones phone either =/ 
Food commercials never used to get me but now that I have to make my own food seeing food commercials are the worst . Everything looks so good ! 
I just was given two sandwiches with Bbq'ed meat on them and told to not let anyone eat it ... The lord is testing me . 
I have a week of classes left till i'm done with the semester . Jealous ? =D 
\time itself is neutral ; it can be used either destructively or constructively . More and more I feel that the people of ill will have used time much more effectively than have the people of good will ... We must use time creatively 
Getting Tron Legacy on Blu < PROPFIRST > ! Chyeahh ! 
I really want to go to a beach right now , build a sandcastle close to all the waves and try to stand inside of it without getting wet . Darn Utah and being in the middle of a continent . 
That awkward moment when you realize you want to < PROPMALE > in something that probably won't make you six figures ... 
Nerd moment for the day : I almost have a blue < PROPFEMALE > on eBay ! 
No more classes for a long time . I'm a happy man right now . haha 
Chronic liars are probably the group of people i have the least < PROPFEMALE > for . 
Seeing as how I have near no work experience , finding a job is near impossible . I maybe going to college , but that means nothing to employers . So stressful . 
I somehow got 70/75 on a Biology Research Paper I was assigned ... that I did the night before and pulled an all nighter for . Procrastination , FTW ! haha < PROPFEMALE > Searle , aren't you impressed =D 
Man . When i take multiple choice tests , all logic goes out the window . Pretty sure i picked answers based on the fact i used it less than others . Lol 
Six more days and I will be back on < PROPFEMALE > soil , haha , Boo ya ! 
I really want a Kindle now ... 
I can upgrade my phone in nine days . =D 
American Heritage at BYU for many freshmen is the hardest GE class . I took the final , got a 73% on it but it turns out they made a mistake on the answer key and BAM my grade is 89% . Awwwwwww Yeaaaaahhhhhhh 
\Maybe she's a famous singer . Like < PROPFEMALE > Montana ! OMG i'm living with Miley Cyrus\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Searle bahahaha " 
I'm at famous < PROPMALE>'s . Life can't get any better . =D 
I took my last final at BYU and now there is a big thunder storm going down . Is this a sign ? 
I'm back =D 
Going to search for a job tomorrow but I have no plans for the afternoon/night . Anyone wanna chill ? Text me or something 
I got charged $34.50 for not cleaning up my dorm right when I left BYU . This is bull ! 
Watchin The Other Guys as a family for Easter . We're just cool like that . Haha 
This kid right here may become a car sales man . I'll make bank and enjoy what i'm doin too . Hope i make the cut . 
So I have applied to 15 different places . If I don't get hired soon I will be pissed . 
My braces won't be off till after my birthday . Why !?!?!? Ugh , I better have a rockin smile once I am done with these . 
Whenever I try chatting to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , she always logs off before i finish typing . Goodness woman ! haha 
I finally have a smartphone =D Everything is right with the world . ( It's the Samsung Fascinate ) 
After using swype to text on my phone I can't imagine going back to a regular keyboard again . 
Just got hired at Target . Holla ! 
\That awkward moment between your birth and your death\ " hahahah " 
I am already bored at my house and I have only been back a week and a half . Awesome ... 
Landed the job at the movie theater . Suck on that bad economy . Got two jobs in a week and a half . =D 
I wish I wasn't so short ... Or I guess average height . I wish I was a little bit taller . 
Biked twenty < PROPMALE > today like it ain't no thing . I still got it =D 
