Off to Summer Camp ! 

is a little sore today . 
Cleaning house . 
Is starting to realize exactly how bad a shape the country is in ... 
Holy hole in a Doughnut , Batman ! 
Thanks to all for the birthday wishes ... 
Can't sleep ... Crud . 
Camp is finished . On to the 2009-2010 Season ! 
Suddenly , I don't have time to check facebook ... 
I'm glad I'm a hill dweller today ... 
Can't wait to see the sun again ... 
So frickin ' busy ... 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . And remember ......... be nice !!!!! 
Recovery time ? 
Had to \rewind\ " a \ " VHS\ " tape tonight .... " 
MAH JONGG ! 
I have a brand new , not broken computer . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > ! 
AAAAHHHHHH ! 
So , the Rollins Clan is home with a new pink baby Brannon ... and hospital food stinks ! 
Have you heard ...? 
I ... sleep .. laundry ... greasypastycline .. bed's falling 
Married 7 years ago today .... the time has flown past faster the my beautiful bride's wedding veil did ... : ) 
My computer is confused .... Sometimes I wish I could fix it with a hammer ... or gafftape ... or epoxy ... some method or medium that I understand . 
Can't sleep ... 
Carpe diem ? Sound like an awful lot of work .... 
Feeling 20% goofier today . 
Slightly amazed at how many people are on FB from 5pm-6pm EST ... 
Toy Story 3 was pretty awesome ... 
Boba Fett ... where ? 
Thanks to every one for the birthday wishes ... now if you could do something about this sunburn ... : ) 
Ice , ice everywhere , And crap I can't get out ! 
Day 3 : Still trapped and supplies are running low . We sent out a scout today , however , I am not optomistic about her return . It is only a matter of time now before we turn on each other .... I am begining to lose hope . 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours ... and here we GO ! 
