I finally sold out to facebook . The internet owns me once again ... 

Almost halfway through fellowship of the fuckin ring ! 
Bodyboarding , right now , 54-58 degrees in a spring suit , Rock n ' roll . 
* Bleep*Bloop*Bloop*Bloop*Bleep*Bloop*Bloop*Bloop * almost time to record ... 
Finished recording my drum tracks today ... sounds great , broke producers cymbal , claims that i hit to hard ... anyways im beat . 
Big Love was freaking intense tonight . What a crazy ass show ... 
Lost my cellphone at the club last night ... message me your < PROPFIRST > so i can get a hold of you fools ... 
Carls jr. 
i Make Babies Cry ! 
Led Zeppelin and Costco pizza !! 
Awesome morning at newport beach today ! Waves were nice and there was a dead penguin corpse on the shore !! WTF ?? Freaking bad ass . 
dio has passed into the ether ... see you on the other side someday . Thanks for all the music . 
I think its becoming customary for me to crack my cymbals 2 weeks before a show ( nothing disheartens a drummer more than breaking cymbals ... hopefully to be replaced soon !! ) Good news : I survived being slammed into the jettis this morning by paddling like mad and begging the ether to spare me !!! Still get to have more fun than ever today ! 
going bodyboarding ! my hair has a mind of its own and tries to drown me in the ocean ! im gonna try to use 2 hair ties today to lock these tentacles down !! 
Holy shit i just got home . long night of punk rawk practice ... spiritual talk with marv . ate nothing but cookies and vienna sausages all day yesterday and this morning ... now its time to hit the waves !!! blah my arms twitching !! ( im not on drugs . ) 
Just listened to Sleepwalker by The Kinks for the first time ... what a masterpiece ... Definitely in my top 3 albums of all time . 
havent had the internet since thursday ... more or less residing in elsinore ... more or less a wandering drummer ... drifting in the murky mire towards a water fall in reverse , ascension towards a blue burning sun with its cathedrals open till < PROPFEMALE > ... 
thanks for all the birthday wishes ... you guys fuckin rock . id thank you all personally but im too lazy . Come to chazing zeros show at the whiskey !!! ( had to plug that in . ) 
I didnt vote . Hope you chose the best liar . 
my phone isnt workin ... ill get in contact with you guys somehow ... ill be at wass tomorrow see you fools there . 
Doll hut tonight\ 
Unit F 9 :OO - 9:35 \ 
Trash Monsters 9:50 - 10:20 \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Wire Dolls 10:35 - 11:10 \ 
No < PROPFIRST > 11:25 - 12:00 
