Omg how do u fall asleep on the toilet . For 10 minutes no less . 

...... Sometimes it isn't where you're going its who you're going with ...... 
Watching movies with the fam . FYI I love The Expendables xD 
I hate it when ppl tell me i look like somebody . I don't ever think so lol 
- if you ended 2010 single , put this as your status . If someone inbox you a ? they wanna be with you in 2011 (: 
why do you fail me now :( 
Why does everything feel so superficial .......... 
hey everyone long time no see 
sometimes it just doesn't pay to get out of bed in the morning .... =( 
why can't life be simple =( 
How long do i have to be optimistic before things actually get better ...... 
Sometimes I think I woulda been better off not having been born . 
Show me how it ended for us , show me how defenseless you really are . Satisfied and empty inside , well that's alright lets give this another try ..... 
Things get better with time I suppose . I just wish that time would move faster . 
Got a Visual Thinking project due , but no idea of how or what to do . I really need an idea ..... 
Had an awesome day with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > 
I just finished the concept for visual thinking now all I gotta do is get it printed . Staples here I come . 
I hope my professors like my idea , otherwise i'm not sure what the heck i'm gonna do . 
Life is definitely ironic lol :P 
..... Lullaby <3 
What am I to you honestly ................. I wish I knew . 
Just got back from seeing saw 3D with < PROPFEMALE > , well i watched it < PROPFEMALE > only had her eyes open for like 6 minutes total lol :P 
I CAN'T SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's sad that many of us never realize what we have until its too late . Often times we'll mess things up without even knowing that we're molding future events in our lives that will leave permanent scars . No matter what take the time to make wise decisions so you might live without regret . A life without the fear of remorse , the nagging memory of what could have been is a much happier existence . 
I'm sorry I know its wrong but I hate stupid ppl .......... 
This is gonna be a long week ...................... 
life sucks and then we die :( 
too much all at once , total break down .............. imminent . 
After everything thats already happened i wake up with bronchitis :( , I shoulda just stayed in bed this week ........ 
I just woke up from a 14 hour nap and i actually feel worse now than when i went to sleep . I hate being sick :\\ 
Ahh the simple things in life :) 
Finally feeling better :) 
Whats one thing you've always wanted to ask me . Go ahead ask away . If you're too shy to post it on the wall message me . I'm bored and interested in what ppl think lol . 
Just go back from a very interesting/fun trip to Baltimore :) 
Gotta finish my book for visual thinking . Not looking forward to it . 
Almost passed out again , I really need to get to the doctor . Hopefully they'll have an open slot on thursday 
Sick as a dog but I can't waste anymore time resting . Now I have to catch up on all my work . Tonight will be a long one :( . 
Finally finished visual thinking . I don't know if it's done right but it is done lol 
Registration today . Hopefully I don't have to use any alternates . 
I'm still sick , but I finally have some meds so I should get better soon :)))))) 
So facebook has now decided to make friends for me lol . Last night I got a friend request confirmation from a request that I never sent :P 
is hating being sick still :/ 
THANKSGIVING BREAK , FINALLY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just got back from an awesome 21st birthday party . Contrary to popular belief I think being sober is better lol you remember all the dumb shit the wasted ones did :P 
My week off and I'm still stuck working lol 
Anyone wanna go to a movie ? 
so today was boring but tonight was awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got pulled over and watched an amazing movie with a great friend lol 
okay I need a good grade on this stupid redo for visual thinking can someone please tell me something that you might legitimately fear about me . please real things i need ideas . 
DRAWING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :( 
if\ 
you're not afraid put this as your status & see what people rate \ 
you : 1 ) - crazy ( 2 ) - I'd marry you ( 3 ) - attractive ( 4 ) - sarcastic \ 
( 5 ) - i miss u(6 ) - I'd kiss u ( 7 ) - moody ( 8 ) - smart ( 9 ) - energetic ( 10 ) - random ( 11 ) - hot(12 ) - funny ( 13)- amazing ( 14 ) - tough ( 15 ) - cute ( 16 ) - beautiful ( 17 ) - nerd(18 ) - adorable ( 19 ) - ... i love u ( 20 ) - perfect 
haven't slept in 24 hours but all my stuff is done . Now i just gotta survive the day :) 
1 1/2 hours of sleep in the past 39 hours , and still beat the mca varsity basketball team lol no subs . 
seriously ...... sometimes i think i would be better off not even trying . Then i remember who i'm talking about and all doubts fade ...... 
fml ............................. :( 
I won't be on facebook for awhile ....... if you wanna talk txt me 304.582.5756 
and life goes on . sometimes it sux but it will continue whether i enjoy it or not so i might as well make the best of it . 
Stop judging me its not your place . Get off my back and deal with your own problems . God knows you have enough of them ............................. 
Why does life have to be so freaking confusing . Why can't we all just get along all the time . Why can't you make up your mind ..... 
can't wait til this week gets started . It will be over that much faster :) 
guess who was rejected from the < PROPMALE > dep < PROPMALE > ment at shepherd :( 
Today was a good day , I gott an A on my project and my other two grades went up as well . Now I just gotta make it through the rest of the week :) 
I am soooooooo bored somebody txt me 305.582.5756 
Hey i'm so sorry if you know the person but apparently somebody removed me from there friends list but i can't figure out who it was lol . I guess i didn't talk to them much :P 
okay seriously is there something wrong with me . someone else just dropped me as a friend . do i smell lol . honestly though this is odd 
so apparently my mother believes certain aspects of my life are not suppose to be known unless she says so . so i will be removing all of my interests bc i donl't want to deal with her constant complainig . Appearences are every thing ............... oh and my profile picture is appoling so i might post another one when she approves of it . FML .......... 
Most people have a 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has\ 
one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honour of someone you know who has died , or is fighting , or has survived cancer , please copy 
Bigfooot VS Unicorn who would win 
okay now leprachaun VS jackalope 
leprachaun VS jackalope who would win . your opinion matters be heard lol . 
Finals are over let the christmas break debochery begin !!!!!!! :D 
Shark VS Bear who would win . 
So today kinda sux . Worked for mom this morning , wasn't able to get my paycheck , had to cancel a check-up for the second time bc of the snow and was unable to go with my amazing friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > as moral support . Hopefully tomorrow will be better .... 
at home . bored txt me 304.582.5756 
I love those situations that are completely low key until some idiot yells awkward lol 
4 B's and a C . guess I'm pretty average :p 
Loves commenting on dumb stuff 14 hours after it was relevant to anyone's life :P 
My experience has taught me When a hard worker is present the lazy also become the helpless 
Stupid ppl should not be permitted to procreate 
I love you guys lol 
If ignorance is bliss , and knowledge is power . Should we conclude that the powerful are unable to achieve happiness ? 
I have the greatest friends ^_^ 
There is a certain point where skinny jeans are no longer skinny 
christmas at my grandparents . no internet , no problem txt me if you wanna get ahold of me . < PROPFIRST > on my info . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ^_^ 
Christmas was good . Hopefully this week will be better . 
Why when i need u most do u utterly fail me :'( 
Ha I laugh in sleeps face . Insomniac I am :) 
A great day with better friends . Life is good :D 
Whoever thinks its alright to give my mother information about my facebook , you're very wrong . This is my life and none of your businesss . i hear any information you give her and she is not as closed lipped about the her sources as she would like you to believe . if there is something she should know i should be the one to tell her not you . Butt out !! 
Why must everything always be a fight with you ....... 
GET OUT OF MY ROOM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fml :( 
Grandparents for the weekend . Happy new years everyone 
Some people come into our lives and leave footprints on our hearts . Others come into our lives and make us wanna leave footprints on their face . 
Think of a song , any song , that describes me (: then comment and see what I get ! ( : 
Baby , I'm yours ( baby , I'm yours)\ 
And I'll be yours ( yours ) until the sun no longer shines , \ 
Yours ( yours ) until the poets run out of rhyme\ 
In other words , until the end of time\ 
\ 
I'm gonna stay right here by your side , \ 
Do my best to keep you satisfied\ 
Nothin ' in the world can drive me away\ 
' Cause every day , you'll hear me say 
shower , shave then waste my day away :) 
lol I just realized I'm one of those ppl who gets bored and plays with the select box on my desktop :p 
lol i love that look i get like i'm somekind of stalker when i mention something someone posted on facebook . seriously i'm not creepy i can just read :p 
Too many things too little time , wasting my life one minute just walking a line between sanity and psychosis . Life is tough but our relationships see us through . I know I would be lost without my friends . 
ran out of gas on my way to work and was then informed upon arrival that i was not needed . great day lol . 
No work , No play , just my guitar and me :) 
I don't see how in Rock , Paper , Scissors paper beats rock , i mean if I threw a rock at you and all you had was a piece of paper to defend yourself then ... 
Hello Stalker . I'm doing fine . Thanks for checking up on me . 
Tall People = Less likely to die in floods . Just saying . 
ROTFLSHMSFOAIDMTAYOMAT = Rolling on the floor laughing so hard my sombrero falls off and I drop my taco and you owe me a taco . 
I like throwing Skittles at people and shouting TASTE THE RAINBOW !! but it's more fun to throw tacos at people yelling THINK OUTSIDE THE BUN !! 
a good friend would help you when you fall , a great friend will heal your wound , but only your best friend will come over with a baseball bat saying who hurt you ? 
Choose lyrics from any song that remind you of me and post them below . . . re-post this as your status . . . and I'll think of some that make me think of you ! 
Thinking i might get to know the little devil on my shoulder , the Angel's contract is up , he wasn't getting any results ! ;) 
Since I am so totally bored here's a game : count to 3 then the first thing that pops into your head type it in the comment box and I'll make a sentence out of . 
\There is a thin line between being normal and being insane ... I have peed on that line ! \"" 
Have you ever held onto something so hard for so long that eventually it just feels like a lost cause ? 
So i get a flat on the way to take zac and < PROPFEMALE > to young fundamentalists . I thought u were supposed to be rewarded for good deeds not punished :( 
Mess with me , and I can handle it . Mess with one of my kids , and I will kill you with my bare hands and feed you to my dogs . Want to find out ? 
Oh great , now the \voices\ " in my head want their own Facebook page ... maybe I let them go to far this time ... " 
it takes a second to see me , a minute to like me and a day to love me but a life time to forget me ! 
If your heart ever broke , I'll put it back together . Even if I have to use parts of my own . 
... in the back yard hiding the bodies ... i need some help ... any volunteers ... I have cookies ..... 
Describe me below in only 3 words , and tell me why ! 
loves it when ppl find out he's single n say sorry like they r offering condolences at a funeral . Being single isn't a disease !!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm not crazy ... I'm special edition . 
When you think you are truly alone , always remember there is at least one person who will walk through the fires of hell with you . Me ... 
has a system where all his complaints are handled by < PROPFEMALE > Wate . If you have a complaint , go to < PROPFEMALE > Wate . 
knows that it is true love when you care about another person's happiness more than your own . 
the evil unicorn under my bed said he'll take me to a special place if i keep seeing him and that he'll put a jacket on me that makes me hug myself ! sounds fun ! 
If you hear me talking to myself , just smile and keep walking ... we are having a disagreement . 
Isn't it funny that no matter how many good things we do , some people just remember us for the mistakes we have made ? 
if you could < PROPFEMALE > out with me all day what would we be doing ?? Comment below and tell me what we would be doing 
I realized today i'm one of those ppl who while walking through the snow avoids walking in others footprints . I guess metaphorically you could say i blaze my own path lol , or maybe i just like having wet shoes . I'm not entirely sure which one yet 
wants to go to his happy place , wouldn't you like to know where THAT is ? 
doing homework , bored to death , somebody please txt me to break the monotony . 
I consider myself an expert on unsuccessful relationships 
In 1910 I bet people thought that in 2010 we would have flying cars and robots . But no , the biggest fads were shaped rubber-bands and backwards robes . 
Wishes he understood why he tries so hard to help everyone else when he is the one dying inside ......... night all .. 
What is this \normal\ " I hear people speak of and is it contagious ? " 
i smile when i think of you , hopefully you know who you are :) 
My best friends are crazy , but i love them to death . Hurt them and ill beat you will the shovel I'm going to bury you with . 
doesn't suffer from insanity , he enjoys every minute of it !!! he would also enjoy some company ... 
\Remember that one time when________\ " Comment below . " 
I have gone to look for myself , if you should find me before I return , keep me here ! 
Working 2 to 12 . Yay :[ 
You lol but sometimes I wonder ..... 
workin 8-12 tomorrow gimme a txt I'll just be cleaning away . 
What is a song that you think would describe me ? any song at all :) 
has just finished working 14 of the last 22 hours . Time to enjoy the rest of my weekend . 
bets NO one can answer ALL these questions .. my full name : favorite color : favorite song : eye color : best friend(s ): who i like : 
You know what sucks ? I'm not supposed to fall for you . We're supposed to be just friends , and you'll never feel the same way ... 
If you could ask me one question and got an honest answer from me , what would you ask me . If you don't want other ppl to see it message me , and if you don't want me to know who you are formspring me . 
Let's say ( hypothetically speaking of course ) i can < PROPMALE > you ANY wish , what would you wish for ? ( you only get one ) 
if I can make a smile appear on your face for a moment ... I am happy ! 
Describe me in ONE word using the 3rd letter of your name . Paste this on your wall so I can describe you .. this will be fun ! Remember only one word . 
A friend will lend you a shovel , a true friend will help you Bury the body 
sleeping is getting harder and harder everytime it comes time for it . I am so confused and things never seem to get easier . My mind refuses to shut down and give me relief . I go to bed now wondering if my feelings for you are real or if I'm simply clinging to some shred of hope that I might be able to have something good in life . I wish I could tell you how I really feel ..... Night all . 
omg this isn't right , I try not to worry/wait but I just realized I like you too much . I look forward to hearing from you and am disappointed when it doesn't happen . ugh why is life so complicated . 
I wish I could take all your stress and cares away . I wish I could give you everything you ever need or could ever want . I wish I could be the one who could comfort you when life gets you down , but life isn't fair . If only it truly were only the thought that counted , because my thoughts are with you . 
My indecision is killing me ... 
Friendship is knowing everything about somebody , and liking them anyways . Never judging them for the things they may do ! 
Quick describe me in one word 
How do you know your ready to move on ? When you don't have to ask yourself that question anymore . 
I like it when you smile , but I love it more when I am the reason .. 
1)If you like me . 2 ) If you think I'm crazy . 3 ) If you think I'm lovable . 4 ) If you think I'm random . 
What I think about you is ......... [ Like ] 
They say every time you laugh you extend your life by 7 minutes . In that case I should keep you around , I'll be ageless lol love ya . 
SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've had to work everyday this weekend can't wait for the week . wait did i just say that lol . I am tired . 
sunday school , then work idk what time i'll get done with that . txt me :) 
\I love you\ " is only said to my family and closest friends so consider yourself really lucky if I say it to you because when I say it I mean it " 
My head is spinning and my stomach hurts :( . I need somebody to take me home put me to bed and take care of me . If you're interested let me know . Jerks need not apply . 
Be who you are and say what you feel , ' cause those who mind don't matter and , those who matter don't mind . ~ Dr. Seuss 
has figured out the meaning of life and for 163 easy installments of of $19.99 I will let you in on the secret ! 
......... life sux , txt me 
1st person to like my status - I'll change my last name to yours for a HOUR . \ 
2nd person to like my status - I'll write I love you on your wall for 3 days . \ 
3rd person to like my status - I will answer any question . ( inbox Only)\ 
4th person to like my status - Can choose my profile pic for a day . \ 
Put this as your status if you're brave enough . 
good evening facebook ppl . I am bored but can't stay on fb for an undisclosed reason . I know it seems desperate but i really am bored . txt me 304.582.5756 
if I died today would there be anything you wished you would have said to me ? 
first person to like this chooses my profile pic 
It is sad how most guys have to love with their eyes and not their heart 
words can not describe how i feel right now * sigh * 
I was just thinking back over how I met alot of you and all the good times we've had . Comment below with your favorite memory of you and me . 
I love you :) 
\do u ever feel like you're stalking someone \"- < PROPFEMALE > howsare ......... Lol my baby sister is kinda scary :p " 
One of the best feelings in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone . The other best feeling is having them prove it . 
You know alot of ppl get all philosophical with their posts and use poetry but I'm just gonna say it straight . I like you alot and everyday I find something else that makes it even better :) 
doesn't try to be adorable , it just keeps happening . 
If I was a book , what would my title be .. 
is feeling kinda lost at the moment . Not sure where I'm going , not sure if I wanna go . Just living life day by day with no idea what the future holds . Wishing I had something concrete to rely on . 
\Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves . \ " < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
OK , a 400 pound jug of juice comes crashing into your house saying\o yeah ! \ " doesn't that strike you as a little odd ? " 
Its crazy how I can have a horrible day and then I talk to you and you make everything better :) 
has been thinking , Ooooo scary I know . I have the worlds greatest friends . When I'm down I can always count on one of you to be there to lift my spirits . Thank you for that . :) I love you all ... well most of you lol 
When life hands you lemons , just be glad it wasn't herpes . 
Put This As your Status And See What People Rate You . 1 . Crazy !!! 2 . I'd Kiss You !!! 3 . Hyper !!! 4 . Jerk !!! 5 . Miss You !!! 6 . Best Friend !!! 7 . Pretty !!! 8 . Smart !!! 9 . Dumb !!! 10 . I Would Date You !!! 11 . Random !!! 12 . Hot !!! 13 . Funny !!! 14 . Huggable !!! 15 . Amazing !!! 16 . Tough !!! 17 . Cute !!! 18 . Beautiful !!! 19 . Loud !!! 20 . Awesome !!! 21 . I Love You !!.. 
Whatadoo 
dear pringles , i am no longer a child anymore . i cannot fit my arm inside your tube of deliciouness . fix that . 
I'm too indecisive somebody pick a profile pic for me 
Everyone comes with a \warning\ " label . What does mine say ? Copy and paste to see what you get . :) " 
I'm not strange , I'm just limited edition . A once in a lifetime offer . Take it or leave it 
Genius has its side effects . 
If your going to be nosey and snoop on my < PROPFEMALE > , don't be rude , say hi when you stop by :) 
is watching I love < PROPFEMALE > . You can hate all you want but it won't change the fact that I love it lol 
If you like me that's cool . If you hate me , it is your loss . If you love me , tell me . I just might love you too !!. 
Is tired of getting treated like crap , he does everything to please , but is never appreciated . I might as well bang my head against a wall it would hurt less . 
I have been so blessed to have certain ppl in my life , Their kindness for others amazes me , I hope I come across this way to others , & if not I hope to improve . 
Every story has a happy ending . If your not happy , then its not the end . 
something amazing happened today . when i opened my car door it was actually toasty inside . I had to ride with the window down so it wasn't too hot lol . :) spring is on the way finally and summer is not far behind it :D 
is now available , but only by prescription :) 
is looking for a good deal on a cell phone as mine is crap . To whomever understands the specifics of cells and the companies I need one that works on CDMA network . If any of you have an idea of where i can get one preferably cheap please comment . 
Don't ever be sorry for your mistakes . They are what make you who you are and the only things you have that nobody will ever try to take . 
Everyone's around . No words are coming out , and I can't find my breathe . Can we just say the rest with no sound . And I know this isn't enough I still don't measure up and I'm not prepared sorry is never there when you need it . 
is wondering if i walked up to your door and said \i need help\ " what would you think i did ? " 
If you see someone hungry feed them , if you see someone sad listen to them , if you know someone has a need help them . It will bring you to humanity again .. 
the dust bunnies have killed the cleaning < PROPFEMALE > :( more tonight on the 11:00 news . 
If I open my heart to you , be careful with it - it's the most precious thing I have to share . 
.. wants you to tell me which song reminds you of me (: Don't be shy ! 
Wants a day to just relax and not have to worry about anything that's going on in my life . 
The depth of a man's heart cannot be measured by the amount of care he show's his loved ones , but by the compassion he has for those souls whom he doesn't even know . 
wants to feel that warm feeling again ... the one that overcomes you when you're in the presence of someone special and you can't say \no\ " no matter the question " 
is enjoying the fact that they play < PROPMALE > Gump on tv at 2:21 in the morning :D 
Its crazy how I can have a horrible day and then I talk to you and you make everything better . :) 
Rate me ! 1 = cool 2 = annoying 3 = funny 4 = cute 5 = kind 6 = emotional 7 = fit 8 = I love you 9 = your the best 10 = moody 
is feeling a total mental/physical disconnect at this time . I may be back when something reconnects my service ... 
When I met you I didn't have feelings ... but now when my phone vibrates , I look at it and it says your name I can't help to grin . 
* Phone vibrates * Runs across the room , jumps over couch ninja style , trips over sleeping dog , dives on floor for phone . Dang , its not who i thought it was . 
When the world walks out . I'll still be here , I'll still love you to pieces , and I'll always stand by you . That's why I'm here , we are friends for a reason . 
Sometimes I just wanna run away ... just to see who would come find me .... 
Anyone can make you happy by doing something special , but only someone special can make you happy without doing anything . 
hahaha ............. fail ........... 
..... sorry if I've been an annoyance to any of you .... I won't happen again .. 
if u were driving down the road road and saw me getting arrested what do u think i would be getting arrested for ? post comments below ! 
truly means well , but when I screw up I sincerely mean I am sorry ! 
If you got to go anywhere in the world with me , where would it be ? And why ? Leave a comment below ! 
Sometimes friends treat you better than your own family . Those friend are my family . 
Is working 2p-12a this evening . txt me 
I wanna just tell u whats been going through my head but i'm too worried about the consequences of my thoughts ..... 
About to put super glue in a non-stick pan . Somebody is gonna be a liar ! 
had one of the most awesome/weirdest experiences of his life . A co-worker gave me a semi-bro hug and I don't even know him that well lol 
Friends are what make life worth living and man have I got alot of great reasons to live :) . Love you all 
Write something you love or hate about me below and then copy and paste see what your friends say about you .. 
What the hell is wrong with me ...... 
Insert classic < PROPFIRST>'s Day greeting here_________________________________ have a great day everyone . 
Is in need of some serious TLC ... 
Why do i always feel the need to take the hard road :\\ 
is full of useless information .. just ask me ! 
... and life goes on 
Sometimes the best thing you can do is just sit back and wait and hopefully things will turn around . Good things come to those that are patient and wait . 
too much on my mind ...... can't seem to settle things with myself . I forsee yet another sleepless night .... 
I guess its true ... Nice guys do actually finish last .... Oh well 
hahahaha ........ things always work themselves out , true statement but it never specifies whether its good or bad . 
.... confidence ..... maybe i'll give it a try .. 
And the cycle begins again ....... 
got drawing to do so i needs to get off the computer . people get your txt on 304.582.5756 
is almost caught back up with his drawing class ...... thats the last time i miss 2 weeks worth of that class :p 
~ IF you Can't make them laugh at least make them smile ~ 
Describe me in one word ..... 
Why just when I thought things were gonna make sense again does everything change . I want some sense of normalcy again ...... 
I shouldn't've said anything cause now things have gotten weird ..... 
The only reason < PROPFIRST > Bieber is still alive is because < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > won't hit a girl ! :P 
Sarcasm is your best defense against Stupid , A really big stick is a close 2nd . 
It's better to be hated for being yourself rather than being loved for being something you're not . 
hahaha wow ... 
Just a heads up to those ppl who know me . I'm a jerk and the longer you know me the greater the possibility that i will disappoint/offend you at sometime or another . I figured you might like a warning . 
temporary hiatus from facebook . Be back eventually ...... 
Is sorry that he made some people worry about him . I was dealing with some stuff but never meant to make any of you worry . Thank you to all the people who cared . 
If you always see the negative side of things , eventually that's all there is . Always look for the positive no matter how small . 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live - and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends ; they will know who they are . 
Don't ever give up because great things could be just around the corner :) <3 
another sleepless night . tonight doesn't look any better in that area either . I may not sleep til saturday sometime :/ 
Invention is the love child of know-how and necessity 
I'm tired , sore , swamped with schoolwork , working my weekends away , but life is good <3 
my dreams of late have been amazing <3 
I just heard one of the most disturbing utterly disgusting jokes ever ..... Lol its so wrong 
can't wait <3 
today will be interesting to say the least :p math mid-term and visual thinking project . Oh Boy !!!!!!!!!!!!! -_- 
So an odd thing happened to me the other day . I was told i have pretty fingernails o.O and its not like they're long and girl like . They're short lmao . Weird 
A night for the record books <3 
you're in my brain and its driving me insane . I would much rather have you in my arms <3 
.. wants you to tell me which song reminds you of me (: Don't be shy ! 
Oh wow ... That surprises me even . I guess i'm kinda proud too 
I want to be the person that you can talk to no matter what and not feel like you're going to be judged :) 
I didn't think I was capable of being this happy :D 
Gotta drop my drawing class :p cause i'm dumb . Oh well 
weekend at the grandparents house if you need me txt me if not I'll be back late saturday . 
This past week had some terrible things happen along with one of the greatest days of my life so it kinda ended up okay i guess lol <3 
I love rainy days :) especially when they're spent inside with someone special <3 
Lets see who knows me better , I'm thinking of a word if u think u know comment below . 
I now officially hate collage anything but especially ones dealing with emotion !!!!!!!!!!! 
THANK YOU SOOOOO much < PROPFIRST > Willey for giving me a huge dowsing of glitter . I'm still covered in the stuff :p Jerk lol 
soooooo contrary to what i thought i was actually really tired and while on my drive home my stupid brain/body decided to take a nap . I ran up an embankment and think i may've popped a tire ......... so fun :/ 
doing okay in my classes . 1 A , 2 B , 1 C 
Is heading to bed in high hopes of inappropriate dreaming >:) 
last day of school before spring break and I only have 1 class :D . Win lol . Work afterwards though but only 6-12 . 
In all seriousness ... describe me in ONE word . This one word should show what you really think of me as a person 
hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia ( did you know that is a real word ? It means fear of long words ? Ironic or cruel joke to those people suffering from it ) 
13 hours of work :P yeah lol 
what's the best memory that you have about you and I ? answer below or leave a mess and then post to your status and see what memories are brought back to you 
EVIL ? ME ! NO NEVER ! well there was that one time ... 
tomorrow makes one month officially :) <3 
You know you've found the one when you look into their eyes and know you wouldn't change a thing about them . :) <3 
Life isn't about finding that one person that U can actually live \with\ " . Its about finding the One and only that you can't live \ " Without \"!" 
to see what i really think of you < like > :P 
I love my friends :) 
Does it make me a bad person bc I avoid accepting the friend requests of annoying people ? 
I'll be back in five minutes . If I'm not , read this again .. 
