Looking at a sweet house at 5 today and I'm off oh yeah . 

Bring Me The Horizon , Every Time I Die , Oh Sleeper and The Architects are playing monday who's going ? 
Having a party at our new house tomorrow if you want direcctions let me know 
Got my < PROPFIRST > stolen yesterday with my bike and CJ's inside of it super cool . 
Got a 86 VW vanagon 
Visiting my parents for a day , come get your cowboy outfit and poptarts ! You know who you are . 
Making old metal mixes that go along with my < PROPFIRST > vest 
Built a deck for our backyard ramps and tomorrow I'm going to build the deck for the box jump . 
Going to watch the entries for best viddeo at Skatebarn , go < PROPFIRST > . 
Great < PROPMALE > rat and ogre battle are the bestt < PROPFEMALE > songs 
Might get to ride Centralia skatepark today , I wish I had my own bike still 
Winds of Plague/Dispised Icon at 7 o'clock tonight 
Come to our house we are having people over 
All my bike parts showed up today , all I'm waiting for is a frame and I will be set ! 
Gotta go find Beauty and the Beast on DVD 
Chigro bday party our house saturday show up 
Went to Port Townsend today and explored the fort with CJ and Kolten 
Dogs tweaking and chasing lights around the house and destroying shit 
I have to help my dad fix a guys motorhome and I become the owner of a 1949 or 50 chevey coupe so happy 
Going to the video premeire with friends and eating < PROPFEMALE > chocolate pies and microwaved marshmellow < PROPFEMALE > heads ! 
Open insulation in my room leeds a world of pure itchy 
Two and a half men makes me vomit with rage 
Folk life tomorrow and Portland next weekend seems like a good time 
Got rained out on ouur Portlad trip after we got there , cops woke us up when we were sleeping five deep in my < PROPFIRST > , and 40 number 3's later we got home 
Baked beans and Angry Beavers my nights going good 
My friends are talkingn with Australian accents for as long as they can , they keep saying chicks dig accents . We will see how that goes for them 
if yo u don't chew big red then fuck you 
Karate kid sucks and my brother is a douche fag for buying it 
I just got a new phone so I need < PROPFIRST > 
Beautiful summer day it is 
Real intersting night with captain < PROPFEMALE > and his sidekick barfo 
The Rock and swimming tomorrow 
Watching a man go elbow deep in a cow on tv , lucky me ? 
Commercials make me sad 
Going to go enjoy the rain while it lasts 
Seattle street tomorrow hit me up with you are going to be in thee area and want to ride with us 
Really want to watch < PROPMALE > Griffith or Wonder years for some reason 
I enjoy the company of men ! hehe 
Roses taste bad but smell nice 
Good weeek warped tour , water balloon fight , and racoons . 
Forgot to dry my blankets and sheets none for me tonight 
Bear Grylls is eating a rock lobster !!! 
Everyoness going to seattle to party tonight and then back again to ride tomorrow fun times 
Exploring Seattle at night was real fun , also seeing a whole bunch of trannies was funny 
Stumbling is awesome 
Watching paper heart and they are explaining the chemistry of love good old science :) 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and Ghostland Obssservitory are playing soon , I want to go 
Every been witness to a PBR fight ? It's kind of like a water balloon fight but with shook up PBRs 
I'm really starting to dislike family guy 
Turns out wearing a < PROPMALE > pippin jersey makes you look like a crack head or at least makes them want to talk to you 
finally found last of the\ 
anti-fascist warriors happy day 
I fell down now I'm itchy 
Probably going to bumbershoot today 
Getting pizza either tomorrow or the next day ! 
I shovel well , I shovel very well ! 
i love wein piece 
Turns out Bear Grylls doesn't like snake guts and pee 
Excuse me miss have you decreased in mass ? 
High speed vander roll was not fun 
Partially abandon < PROPMALE > mental house/ special < PROPMALE > facility yesterday was a good ride and pretty interesting 
I've even fractured my ass , says right here fractured ass ! 
Using coffee and tea instead of beer for pong and I got the energy legs ! 
no where to go , can't wake up late 
Looks like Nate and his Wii are coming over Tuesday night anyone who's down to < PROPFEMALE > out should come over 
Watching everyone play smash brothers and all I want to do is kill zombies 
Mustaches for the month , maybe the rest of the year , and I'm already looking pretty creepy 
entertaining myself by gluing garbage to Kolten while he's asleep 
go to skate barn for Nate's birthday tonight 
It's time top make a holiday card with our house 
If it's actually nice we are riding Seattle all weekend 
There is a man in Oregon that changed his name to Captain Awesome , he's now my hero 
Just learned kickstart my heart 
Watching a movie about West < PROPFEMALE > hillbillies for christmas with my dad and brother 
Got a Foosball table and we have already started tournaments 
Stumbled on to a real sweet thing on killer animals 
Turns out 42 Cambodian midgets can't beat a lion in a fight 
Spandex , hair metal and wine tonight for the win 
what are you supposed to do when the wines all gone 
i eat a faqyt dik when i sck a fat pussy 
Teriyaki and < PROPMALE > Potter , I'm set for the night 
Tacoma street tonight 
2 days and we are in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and I have a 42 pack of hot dogs 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > today , a lot of fun times 
About to eat something that < PROPFIRST > made me that smells like burnt feet 
The shit hawks are swooping ! 
Got a 64 Ford Falcon club wagon today 
I love big BLACK man weins in my butt ! ICP Rules . HAHA Gay Dicks . 
Real good show super tired , can't hear and feel like throwing up 
Thank you very much everyone for wishing me happy birthday , I appreciate it ! 
