[[[ Thinks that time is a waste of life and life is a waste of time so why don't we all just GET WASTED AND HAVE THE TIME OF OUR LIVES ]]] :) iiiHAPPY NEW YEARS !!! (: 

Men love white , blonde girls with big boobs and < PROPFEMALE > bodies ... such as cheer leaders and models . If you're man enough to admit this is true , like this status . 
Bombist Party Ever .... 
Glow Sticks HAHA .... 
No sleep .. AMAZING night ! Bombist party ! Had fun playing with glowsticks and painting people with glowstick juice .. :P This is one birthday I won't forget ... Thank you everyone !!! 
It took two weeks to decorate , but it only took a few hours to trash everything xD A party aint a party without the mess ! 
Wow really ? School tomorrow ... 
Woke up at 2:15 pm =O What a waste of my day .. 
does not feel good because she accidently had a little too much sleep ... =( 
I have the strangest dreams ... 
woke up @ the same time as the sun ... what do I do now ?? 
Monroe .. died of suicide ? 
never was and never will be =) 
shopping then eating @ < PROPMALE>'s 
ZOMG ... MY PHONE ! 
Playing some rock band .. tennis later , maybe 
welcome to the neighborhood >;} 
outtt 
together we can make it through this day .. 
on her girly side today =P 
Zomg this is just unbelievable .. A high school student walks on stage to receive his well-earned diploma and blows a kiss to his mom . Click on the link to read what happens next ... http://buzz.yahoo.com/buzzlog/92681?#comments 
should probably go to sleep =P 
there is absolutly nothing to do today ... 
whats the point of going to sleep .. if I can't even fall asleep till < PROPFEMALE > ??? No wonder I'm so low on energy . 
Packing =) 
GONE . Be back on the 27th =) 
Goodnight ! From the Cayman Islands =) Today was great ! We went snorkeling for hours then went to the beach . < PROPFEMALE > happy . Plans for tomorrow .. swimming w/dolphins ? Stingray city ??? w/e I was wrong about this place =3 
xX . : ~ *^Paradise^* ~ : . Xx 
wants to put pics of her trip up soon =) 
I don't think I've ever felt like this before . :: * ~ {[Paradise]} ~ * :: . 
says , \It's good to be home .. \ " =) " 
< PROPFIRST > Jackson ... WHYYY !!? 
The only person who gives a ---- about you , is you . If you stop caring about yourself .. well .. there's nothing anyone's going to do . 
probably going to go for a walk/run 
.. i guess i should go to sleep now lol 
Wants to make a \how well do you know me quiz\ " .. but is afraid of what ppl will answer " 
Needs to suck it up and stop crying about how lousy she thinks she is .. seriously . 
I should suck it up for once ... =) Oh and I finally get to start gymnastics tomorrow ! 
isn't as sad anymore .. and she can't WAIT gym . tomorrow ! =D 
will be back @ 8ish =] 
is going to be sore tomorrow 
Give up my ways .. and I could be anything . 
will be playing tennis if anyone else is going . =] 
randomly wants to shout : < PROPFIRST > Trainer is awesome !!! =) =) =) 
\I cry when angels deserve to die \"--- Chop Suey " 
(: <3 Happy 4th of July ! <3 :) 
For the first time in years I think I'm actually sick ... it MUST be in my head . I never get sick lol =P 
is NOT sick =P Hahaha I don't get sick . 
I wish I knew then what I know now ... 
Gymnastics till about 8pm =] 
so .. they made us do embarrassing dance moves today in gymnastics . lol i still feel riducualus . 
is going to take a walk . =] 
is bored to tears ... seriously . 
I'm tired of being what you want me to be ... 
Watching NATGEO ... interesting shows ... 
Going shopping l8ter ! Call 920-232-0747 ( Home ) to join =] 
is getting hungry a lot :( 
feels guilty about not giving her dog a walk today so that's what she's doing . Be back in 10-20 < PROPFEMALE > :] 
Watching \I now prounounce you < PROPMALE > and Larry\ " :) " 
is going swimming today =] 
I just want so scream like crazy . 
uh ... tired . Hopefully tomorrow will be better . 
I don't know what to feel ... 
going shopping today .. 
Once upon a time man and his son were videotaping their new hampster playing in the world outdoors .. \Look at him . He's so little \"...\" Yeah he is a cute little guy isn't he .. \ " And out of the blue comes this bird who sweeps the hampster up and flies away to " 
9 out of 10 of the voices in my head say I'm not crazy ... I had to kill the 10th one because she didn't agree . Now we're all happy :) 
If you live in Wisconsin , you know that it IS possible to get hypothermia in the middle of August :P 
\Illumination held out in front of my reaching arms . The darker things get the better I see .. I'm so alone and so are you .. we all live and die that way .. \"" 
\You're not a boy or a girl ... you're Arjun \"--- Ishani " 
I feel like I'm falling as I write this message .. with tingling fingers and a churning stomach . My brain is being flooded with my own blood ... it's a freaky feeling . It seems like the world has stopped spinning but I'm still moving ... weightless .. confused ... desperate .. alone 
Forgive me for being sensitive . For showing my emotions ... for having strong emotions over you . I tried to be good ... but I wasn't good enough . I'm sorry . 
I don't care if you have the whole world at your feet . I will never bow down to you .. 
Dreamland ... HERE I COME ! :D 
Your tears don't fall .. they crash around me . 
I don't know where I'll go ... but I can't stay where I don't belong ... 
Life is lonely .. being used and neglected everyday ... 
is super duper tired :) 
Life is too long ... 
OUCH ! I just burnt a layer of my skin completely off ! 
Even if the sky is falling down 
No matter what , let them know you care .. because I will only be able to sleep at night , with a smile upon their face :) 
When you laugh , the world laughs with you . When you cry ... you cry alone ... 
JUST realized that everything is an hour behind ... wow ... lol 
You are the antidote that gets me by , something strong like a drug that got me high ... 
There's not one girl here that will be led by her concious , in a world where every girl wants to be a model .. 
Nine out of ten of the voices in my head say I'm not crazy . I had to kill the last one because it didn't agree .. now we're all happy :) 
Being fitted for a new white jacket . Not really impressed with the sleeves ... they tie at the back ... what up with that ??? And why are you smiling ? ---- Headache ... and had one too many chocolate candies :) 
There are three types of people in this world : Those who make things happen , those who watch what happened , and those who have no clue what happened . :) 
Good judgement comes from bad experience ... which comes from bad judgement . :) 
is more confused than a baby at a topless beach . :D 
I wonder how many people are actually going to take the time to read this .... lol 
may be a bitch , however a bitch is a dog .... a dog barks .... a bark is a tree .... tree is nature .... nature is BEAUTIFUL ! Thanks ! 
DUE TO HEALTH AND SAFETY THIS STATUS HAS BEEN REMOVED . FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE PRESS Alt + F4 . THANK YOU FOR YOUR COOPORATION . 
Congrats ! You now have the opporitunity to descibe me in any 2 words :D It can be good or bad , be honest ! Oh and to make things more interesting , the two words have to start with the letters of your initails :) 
I swear to drunk I'm not God ! 
I don't get it ... why is life giving everyone lemons ? I'm sitting here with a grapefruit thinking , \what the hell ? \"" 
The reason people find it hard to be happy is they see the past better than it was , the present worse than it is , and the future less resolved than it will be . 
thinks she has ADOS : Attention Deficet OOOOO SHINY ! 
Ugh ! Why is it that when you see a wet paint sign , you just HAVE to touch it to see if it's really wet ??? 
Everyday , Monday-Friday , I go to school . And everyday when I get home , I see my adorable little beagle run up to me with her ears flapping in the wind and her tail wagging at 90 < PROPMALE > per hour . 
FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . Put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down ... then the circles will appear . The only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the < PROPFEMALE > . IT ACTUALLY WORKS NO JOKE ! 
How did someone realize that you could milk a cow ? And what did they think they were doing to the cow in the first place ?! 
The eyes will see what you want them to see and the ears will hear what you want them to hear , but the heart only feels what's real . 
Dream your dreams with eyes wide open and watch them come alive ... 
is sitting at the edge of a cliff ... watching the sun set . And as the final rays fall to the ground , she prays that they take her with them ... 
Good judgement comes from bad experience , which comes from bad judgement . :) 
The hardest battle in life is the battle to be you . 
All the peices falling shatter ... Shards of me , too sharp to put back together ... Too small to matter but big enough to cut me into so many little peices ... 
Thinks that life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life . So we should all get wasted and have the time of our lives ! ( this is just a joke ! ) 
lol You know you're frim Oshkosh when you see kids walking BACKWARDS on their way to school because the Oshkosh Area School District is the only onel to stay open when it's cold and < PROPFEMALE > .... 
meep :) 
Dreams are so much better than reality ... so why can't I just stay sleeping ? 
Wondering if crabs think we walk sideways haha 
Men : Stop complaining about how emotional and conservative women r . U aren't the ones being forced to < PROPFEMALE > 30+ pounds with u for 9 months only to go through hours of labor . Oh , and do u get periods ? We WOMEN have to wake up extra early everyday to wax , shave , and tame our long hair . Men truely have it easy . Their bodies are all the same except for height . While womens bodies vary completely . 
New Years resolution ?.. hmm .. 
Another year has passed . \ 
. Damn , time flies .. In about 2 days and 56 minutes , I will be exactly 17 years old . That's just a year shy of being a legal adult ... 
Watching the Twilight Zone marathon with my sister :) 
Birthday shopping with my mom and sister , then going home to bake me a cake :D 
Had 4 hours of sleep in the last 2 days :o yeah , I'm going crazy :P 
Shawty shawty shawty seriously I wanna meet this chick she must know a lot of rappers :P ( honestly , wtf is a shawty ? ) 
Speech on vegetarianism !... yay ? 
The average male today has a 50% < PROPMALE > of dying from heart disease ... that number drops down to 15% if he just cuts out meat ... and goes down to 4% if he cuts out all animal bi-products . The average bone loss for a vegetarian woman is 18% , but for a non-veg . woman it is double that . 
Life is about not knowing , having to change , taking the moment and making the best of it , without knowing what is going to happen next . 
Lithium :D :P 
I don't SUFFER from my addiction to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , I ENJOY every second of it :) 
I am not going to live forever , I will not waste time lamenting what could have been , or worrying about what will be . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
I love the way you say my name .. 
Call me Mr. Flinstone , I can make your Bed Rock 
Well ... if we don't have a snow day tomorrow then I'm STILL not going to school :3 
Wonders if the people changing facebook are just bored or having a manic episode ... 
Sooo .. as I was cleaning the basement I found an old project I did in 1999 ... I must have been blind or something because apparently my mom is 60 years old with blonde hair and blue eyes . lol hopefully I'll find some more old homework assignments and stuff :) 
Oops I'm sorry , I forgot that it isn't about the MUSIC ... it's about how hot the singer is . 
\A dog truly is man's best friend . Don't believe me ? Lock your girlfriend and your dog in the trunk of your car ( with air holes ) ... open it 2 hours later THEN see who's happy to see you . \"" 
I don't SUFFER from my addiction to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , I ENJOY every SECOND of it ! 
And maybe tonight , We'll fly so far away .. We'll be lost before the < PROPFEMALE > 
I look into the mirror ... only to see a pair of eyes that aren't mine , but yours .. creepy , isn't it ? 
I miss the good old days . Back when I was in elementary school , we didn't have boyfriends , iPod touches , or cell phones . Being outside and actually being active was FUN ! Video games were simple and had the worst ( but cutest ) graphics . And waking up on a Saturday morning to watch cartoons was the highlight of the day ... 
I could use a hug :( And someone to talk to ? Chat or text 312-1335 
Before you make any stupid decision , ask yourself : Am I doing what's right for my future ? Am I prepared to face the consequences ? <3 
<--- What happened to the smiley face in my name ? Oh well I think this looks kind of cute :P 
So ... Alice in Wonderland was sold out :( But I got to watch Avatar :) What a beautiful movie .... it makes me sad knowing real life can't be like that :( But WOW ! So pretty <3 
Can't wash it all away Can't wish it all away Can't cry it all away Can't scratch it all away Can't FIGHT it all away Can't HOPE it all away Can't SCREAM it all away .. Oh , it all away .. 
Had a dream about having a two hour delay ... because some other schools had one yesterday .. and look what we have :D 
I still remember the world from the eyes of a child .. Slowly those feelings were clouded by what I know now <3 
Without the mask , where will you hide ? Can't find yourself , lost in your lie .. 
I have grown so weary of this life I live .. 
All of my hate cannot be found .. I will not bound by your thoughtless scheming .. Now , you can try to tear me down .. Beat me to the ground , I will see you screaming .. 
Goodnight , Sleep tight ; No more tears ; In the morning I'll be here ; and when we say goodnight , dry your eyes ; Because we said goodnight and not goodbye ; We said goodnight .. 
Rewrote her About Me . :) Totally different . 
Got a lot of shit off her chest . 
Roses are red , violets are blue ... daisies are yellow , I hate you ... 
Feels suicidal .. 
Make me never ever wake again .. and maybe tonight , we'll fly so far away .. we'll be lost before the < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Cuz nobody cared and nobody cried . Nobody loved and nobody lied . Nobody shared and swallowed their pride . When will we see the day , that nobody died ? 
I'm sick of trying and I'm sick of crying . Yeah I'm smiling , but inside I'm dying .. 
I won't cry , I won't give up , I CAN'T go back now ! 
I hate mood swings !! My mood is all fajumbled up ! 
I don't like hot weather . 
Is saying goodbye to the treadmill , which has wreacked her kness , and saying hello to the sun :) Gonna go for a walk/run with the beagle and pack for < PROPFIRST > . 
Ugh Easter .. I want to go shopping today but most stores are closed . Oh well tommorrow we will shop bright n ' early at < PROPFIRST>' malls . :) 
Has no other choice .. but to go on a strict diet until she can find some place to work out . 
Is in some big , super fancy and expensive store for < PROPMALE > people in downtown < PROPFIRST > , because her mom had to go to the bathroom . Why is everyone wearing a suit and tie ? 
Indian women ... 
I wish it was raining here :( well , I wish it would rain at night :) 
Spent a large chunk of her day at the mall . I'd say that's time well spent , wouldn't you if you went to a large mall with an ice rink and hotel ? 
You're subject to fines and/or imprisionment for making ugly faces at dogs in Oklahoma . 
The feeling you get after sneezing is caused by all your bodily functions stopping , even your heart . 
< PROPFEMALE > used to be the richest country in the world until the British invasion in the 17th century . Haha im obviously bored .. 
The < PROPFEMALE > over the letter '' i '' is called a tittle . :3 
< PROPMALE > is way different then Galeria ... 
is shopping at the < PROPMALE > mall .. way way different than the Galeria mall ! 
Something weird happens in < PROPFIRST > every 2 minutes .. 
2 HUGE 18 wheelers just crashed !!! It looks horrible and there's lots of fire .. cool :) 
is leaving at midnightish tonight . I'm kind of looking forward to the drive but I don't want to leave < PROPFIRST > . 
I'm getting a lot of strange calls . Either they don't say anything , or they ask for someone named '' < PROPMALE>'' .. Who the hell is named < PROPMALE > anymore ? 
Is going to stay in < PROPFIRST > for one more day ! Yay :) 
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp paper . 
An ant always falls on its right side when intoxicated . 
Gonna see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland .. I <3 < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
'' There's a plus side to everything . '' '' Mhm .. and then .. there's PLUS SIZES '' 
You know what's really funny ? Everyone on the internet is getting way too grammer freaky . If you say '' your '' or '' ur '' instead of '' you're '' , then you're '' illiterate '' . Wow . Of course I hate < PROPFEMALE > ppl tak lke dis but for God's sake , it's the internet ! 
Stopped in a town named Dickyville , WI .. lawlz ;) Sleeping in the car is nearly impossible for me ... and very uncomfortable . I can't wait to hear the sound of our GPS saying , '' Arriving to destination on right!'' :) 
So I guess I won't be home until 1:10 AM . 
The voices in my head tell me you're crazy . 
[[ Life Screws Us All and Spares No One . ]] Not in the mood for any shit ... 
[[ Life Is a Bitch . That's The Way It Was Meant To Be ... Because ... In The End , No OKne's Going To Survive Anyway . ]] 
[[ Don't Solve a Temporary Problem With a Permanent Solution . ]] 
[[ I'm Strong On The Surface , Not All The Way Through ... I've Never Been Perfect , But Neither Have You . ]] 
[[ You Have To Speak To Be Heard ... But , Sometimes You Have To Be Silent To Be Appreciated . ]] 
Did anyone else see the sky last night ? 
Why do most trashy white people pick on me for having dark skin .. when in reality , they are the ones who tan until they look like they suffer from severe jaundice ? Jealouse much ? I think so . :/ ( excuse my spelling ) 
You ever notice how guys are only nice to pretty women ? 
HOLY SHIT !...................... If you took the time to read this , please ' like ' it :) 
60 laps on the pacer ! I think that deserves a treat ! 
[[ I Believe That Dreams Are Sacred ... Take My Darkest Fears And Play Them Like a Lullaby .. ]] 
Do you know how HARD it is to keep myself from smashing your face in ? 
Farm Ville should grow a bunch of weed then sell it to Mafia Wars , who'll sell it in Yo Ville then Yo Ville will get the munchies and go to Cafe World . :) 
Sleep ... taking me under it's spell , to a place where I can create my own happy ending .. :) Soooo tired ... 
[[ I Can Feel The Night Beginning , Separate Me From The Living .. ]] 
Music has a huge impact on my life ... Today I decided to listen to some old songs from my past ... The emotions that swept through me as I listened ... left me speechless , sad and a little panicky ... I can't even explain it in words ... only music .. 
[[ If I Bleed , I Bleed ... And I Breathe , I Breathe No More .. ]] 
[[ My Ghosts Are Gaining On Me .. ]] 
Schizophrenia might not be so bad .. 
Whoever decided to put an \S\ " in the word \ " Lisp\ " is an evil genious .. >:3 " 
If a guy says you're hot , he's probably talking about your body ... If a guy says you're cute , then he's probably talking about your face ... But if a guy says you're beautiful , he's talking about YOU . 
NOW I just realized I hadn't eaten at all today o.O 
is a little disappointed in someone .. :/ 
Fear is only in our minds .. 
They try her on for a size she fits nice , one size fits all .. 
I look at her in that paper dress .. I wonder why she won't burn . She's just a paper doll , that's all .. just a paper doll . 
When they all come crashing down , midflight , you know you're not the only one . When they're so alone , they find a back door out of life , you know you're not the only one . 
[[ I'm Strong On The Surface ... Not All The Way Through . I've Never Been Perfect , But Neither Have You .. ]] 
[[ And I'm Still Waiting For The Rain To Fall ... Pouring Life Down On Me .. ]] I love < PROPFEMALE > weather :) 
[[ Forget This Life , Come With Me , Don't Look Back You're Safe Now ... Unlock You're Heart , Drop Your Guard , No One's Left To Stop You ]] 
[[ If I Can't Feel , I'm Not Alive , I'm Not Real .. ]] 
Saddness is controlled by YOU . You can only be as happy as you allow yourself to be ... so when people tell you to '' ignore it '' or '' suck it up and smile '' , they're really only trying to help you . You can teach yourself to view the world from another perspective .. it just takes time and practice . 
The weather is nice , but my feet are freezing ! Gonna take a super hot shower , then I'm off to the Humane Society :) 
While everyone else is going to prom , I'll be chillin at home . :) 
[[ Making fiends making fiends , Vendetta's always making fiends ... Making fiends , while < PROPFEMALE > makes friends ]] :) 
I love dogs more than I can tolerate most humans :) 
I've lost my mind . A reward will be given to anyone who finds it :) 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a manwishing he could speak softly in her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFENDand INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing hecould make love to her . While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealingsmiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic 
Devastated . I hope to God that my parents don't get too mad . Let's just say that all my music literally just went down the drain . The only thing that's left is a broken MP3 player .. that smells like Gain detergent ... Man , losing your MP3 player is like losing your identity ! I REALLY hope my parents understand !.. 
My luck hit rock bottom when I found my MP3 player in the washing machine last night ... but it rocketed sky-high today when some money got stuck to the bottom of my shoe ! I think I should save it .. just in case my parents forgive me and let me buy a new one ... But .. what if they don't ? 
Hahaha ! My mom got lost while driving me back from the OAHS ... ( and she goes there 4x a week ! ) I think she needs a GPS ... You never know what will happen while you're in OSHKOSH ! 
Umm why's life giving everyone lemons ? I'm sitting here with a grapefruit thinkin '' wtf ? '' 
OMG ! My MP3 Player works ! Headphones and EVERYTHING ! Now I have $21 AND an MP3 player ! :D 
[ TGIF ! ] I haven't been feeling like myself lately .. 
Feelin ' like a Freak on a Leash . 
LOL is < PROPFEMALE > seriously my friend on Facebook ? Since when ? That's hilarious . xD Why do people add as many \friends\ " as they can ? It's not myspace ... " 
is in a great mood :D Going shopping in a lil bit to buy some new jeans ... Mine ripped at the ass :( lmfao I thought it was funny though :P 
I just realized something ... manniquins are size 5 ... they look very thin . Now I wonder .. when I was a size 0 , what did I look like ? Why did I do that to myself ?! That's so gross ! 
Holister and Abercrombie : Overpriced clothing , no lights , too much perfume , and their clothes are ALL the same color -- navy blue , blue , white , and very rarely they'll have some pinks or greens . 
Doesn't ANYONE sell good jeans these days ? 
Spent 2 and 1/2 hours at the mall and came out empty handed :( 
'' What about those poems you used to write about death and dispair ? '' '' I still write .. ( Points to her ceiling )'' '' ( Turns to wife ) I'm pretty sure we can have her committed for this ... '' 
I HATE my skin sooo much right now ! 
Wtf ? I'm always hungry but it seems like the more I eat , the more weight I lose ... o.O Am I sick or something ? 
Big boobs don't count if you're fat . <--- FINALLY someone has the guts to say it ! 
Hate is a strong word . I really HATE school ! Next year Imma be taking fun classes :) Not this useless sh*t 
I don't like the weather very much ... and it doesn't seem like me either .. :P 
I have a feeling that if I met me I'd kill myself hahaha 
'' I only like white people and feather indians . '' --- You know who you are ... You think I've forgotten ?.. 
It's too hot ): 
Yuck . The one plus side to being white --- when you tan at least you look ok(unless you tan too much ) . And don't give me that sunburn crap because you can always wear sunblock sheesh .. 
I'd like to get my hands on the chicas that always take MY sized clothing . 
Damn you . Eating pizza alone ... I think I just ate too much ): 
You're like a demon in disguise . 
TGIF !!! 
You make me smile like the sun , fall out of bed , Sing like a bird , Dizzy in my head , Spin like a record , Crazy on a Sunday night ... 
\A little girl was dying of cancer and her younger brother had a match for the bone marrow she needed . \ 
Why is it okay to leave your dog(s ) is a hot car , but it's abuse if you do that to your child ? Isn't a dog just as helpless as an infant ? 
Waaooo they sell HUGE lighters at Shell ... They're enormous ! 
Just got back from my physical appt ... Apparently my height has decreased ..? 
For the Decades Project : How much longer does your presentation have to be if you're doing an extra topic ? ( Mine is Fashion and Fads , 1970's ) . Comment if you have Mrs. Piddington . 
What the hell is formspring ???? 
I feel like I eat too much ... 
Umm ... you're not black or gangster so stop calling your white friends niggas . 
There are some sick and twisted people out there ... 
17 hours of sleep just ONE NIGHT messed up my entire sleep pattern ... 
Just gave my dog a bath then a walk to dry her fur .... she smells and looks pretty :) I <3 dogs .. 
I know I've probably said this already , but , I love dogs more than I can tolerate most humans . 
I wish school would pass by as quickly as the weekend did . 
is having '' one of those days . '' haha 
Work on my book talk , math homework , and decades project ... or go for a run and catch up on some much-needed sleep ? 
It feels sooo nice outside ! :) 
left school at 10:30 and slept for a good 5 1/2 hours 
Rain ? Rain ! :D 
It's hard to diet when the only food at home is junk food ... 
Wow .. why even bother coming to school if we're just going to sit around while all the seniors take their final exams ? I wish I had my MP3 player arrg .. 
I love the smell of rain on a cool day :) 
Someone thought I was wearing dark makeup today ... I'm not . I'm just really tired so my eyelids are dark lol 
Yuck ... the O room is so messy .. There's food and crumbs all over the place ... It's so gross ! I'm not moving from my spot ... my clean , crumbless , dry spot . Not moving . At all . Even if a tornado comes swirlinng our way . I still have 40 minutes of this torture left ... 
I eat when I'm bored :'( 
Going for a walk :) 
Gym final tomorrow :) 
Why didn't I opt out of English ? Whyy ? 
Gym final -- easy peasy . 
Done with finals today -- no finals tomorrow ! :D 
No finals tomorrow means that I can spend more time at the humane society ! :D Yay !........ I have no life . 
Did you know < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > won \Sexiest Female\ " during the Kerrang ! awards ? I love you < PROPFEMALE >!" 
Hi , my name is _______ . I started smoking crack when I was 12 , robbed a bank a year later ... and killed my mama once I turned 15 . I'm here to help you :) 
Singapore metal music is INTENSE ! 
I love this weather . < PROPFEMALE > one day , Cloudy the next , rain the day after ... and the pattern just continues :) 
Just got done walking dogs ... in the rain . 
Schools out but I'm not as happy as I thought I would be ... Something's wrong here . 
This might sound a bit strange ... but I kind of want to get into body building ... I'm going to start by going for a run now :) 
Is doing a little experiment : I let my hair go natural for just ONE hour ( this includes not putting it in a ponytail to keep it from getting frizzy ) . Well , that didn't go well . It got all frizzy and I ended up looking like a poodle . So , I put in some leave-in conditioner , mouse , and hairspray . Did that help ? No . I guess the only way I can wear my hair is in a ponytail and completely straightened :( I hate my hair !!! 
School = Sleepiness , sleep deprivation , laziness . Summer = Sleepless nights and short days ... because I sleep halfway through the day and stay up half the night . 
Watching Deadly Women :3 
'' When the < PROPMALE > wage war , it's the poor who die . '' 
Each nihgt gets worse abd worse ... I CAN'T SLEEP !!! :O 
[ Note to self : Keep your phone AWAY and hidden when your drunk , high , sleepy , or all of the above .. ] Can't sleep . I had a wicked dream the night before and I want to dream it again .. 
I'm NOT ashamed to say that my best friend is a beautiful Beagle named < PROPFEMALE > . <3 
I work out sooo much . Why am I still jiggly ? 
Time to shed some pounds :) 
Sigh .... 
Pissed off ... I hate ignorant people .. 
I may be argumentative at times , but that's just who I am . I don't hate you or anything .. in fact I don't care if someone doesn't agree with me . I'm trying to work on my .. aggressiveness lol :) 
Sat on the deck .. listened to the sounds of the waves , the wind , and the rain overhead while lighting flashed on the other side of the lake like a lightshow <3 
The weather was so jacked up . One side of the lake was < PROPFEMALE > and calm , the other side was foggy , < PROPFEMALE > , rainy .. and I SWEAR I saw snow and a tornado . WTF . 
Humane Society :) 
Umm there's a random puddle of water in the basement . Weird ? That storm was AMAZING ! Perfect for hide-n-seek in the dark during sleep overs hahaha it was scary fun !! 
Finally changed my profile picture :) 
Changed my pic again ! ??? 
Going for a run now , breakfast later , Humane Society at 6 , then Sawdust days at around 7 to whatever time .. Text or call 312-1335 for plans :) 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now ... 
Hm .. If God really exsists , then why does he make me feel so alone ? 
I'm not afraid to take a stand .. Everybody come take my hand .. We'll walk this road together , through the storm .. What ever weather , cold or warm .. Just let you know that , you're not alone .. Holla if you feel that you've been down the same road . 
Makeup is over-rated ... I feel 1000 times better without it :) 
I hate withdrawal ... I keep getting hungry and sick ... and I want cheesecake on a stick , dipped in hot milk chocolate : L 
Re-wrote all my info ... I change too often haha 
You're too important for anyone .. You play the role of all you long to be .. But I , I know who you really are .. You're the one who cries when you're alone . 
OMG ! Storm ! :D going to the mall .. buying a swimsuit :D 
I have big lips :O 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn ... that's alright , because I like the way it hurts . 
I have to go , it's time for me to fly ... 
He promised forever .. but there's no forever .. only now ... 
I want to go sky diving without a parachute ... 
This hurts so much .. I hate seeing her happy little love statuses .. They're killing me </3 
I ... need ... chocolate milk ! :O 
I remember I had a profile pic ... just like her's when we started dating .. Everything's resolved and we're still friends , but the pain is still there ... this is going to take a while .. 
Going the Humane Society to walk dogs in the storm ... :) 
WTF how come everyone's power is out ( including the hospitol ! ) but OURS ?! 
Spent about a good hour or two out in the rain with my dog haha ... saw an awesome tornado across the lake from us .. Kick . Ass . 
I think I'm pretty muh soaked to the core lol 
I love the feeling of getting out of cold wet clothes and into warm dry PJ's:D 
I swear ... was that redish/pink lightning I just saw ? That's different . 
I wish they would make SPF 500000 to keep skin from tanning ... 
Stupid long drives ... only 6 more hours to go .. 
Spent about 50 minutes out in the Badlands .. and holy f*ck it is hot ! A whopping 100 degrees ... If the temp . dropped 50 degrees I'd probably stay longer ... 
Is spending the night in Rapid City :) 
Just learned that the rocks I like to sit and climb on ... were massive gravestones . And lake Beu Des Morts means hill of death ... which I live on ! 
Going to sleep now ... waking up at 3:30 to drive to Glacier National Park . 
12 hour drive to Glacier National park ... 
These wounds won't seem to heal ... this pain is just to real ... there's just too much that time cannot erase . :'( 
When you cried , I'd wipe away all of your tears ... When you screamed , I'd fight away all of your fears ... 
At Glacier National Park :) putting up pics soon 
Hiked for four < PROPMALE > on a beautiful trail and saw the prettiest lake and a big mountain with waterfalls running down it ... Pics later . 
Nature is beautiful :) 
WOOT WOOT ! We spotted a bear ! 
Spotted TWO bears within 5 minutes ! 
Went on another long hike in the mountains ... very tough but it was fun :) We saw lots of wild animals and snowww ! 
I hope you die of a broken heart , like I'm dying of one right now ... </3 
I hope you die of a broken heart ... like I am now ... I know I should be happy because we're still friends .. but I cry because I know that , that's all we ever will be .. If I could go back in time to show you how much I cared I would .. I'd do anything .. Baby , I miss you </3 
Can't wash it all away , \ 
Can't wish it all away .. \ 
Can't cry it all away , \ 
Can't Scratch is all away .. \ 
Can't fight it all away .. \ 
Can't hope it all away ... \ 
Can't scream it all away .. Oh it all away .. \ 
I miss you ... 
Ziplining ! 
Just drove past a tornadooo 
Putting up some pics .. 
Today I met the cutest little ground squirl !! I named her Peanut because she loves eating peanuts and almonds :D I miss you Peanut !! 
I met a sweet deer at Glacier National Park too .. She was < PROPFEMALE > sweet and kind . I didn't know what to call her though lol 
Finally reached the hotel ! 
is in Yellowstone park :) 
Saw a grizzly bear , elk and bison :D 
Frozen inside without your touch , without your love , darling ... Only you are the life among the dead ... 
Watching '' One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest '' ... Omg such a good movie :D 
likes Glacier Park just a bit more than yellowstone .. 
Saw hundreds of Bison running around in the wild .. 
Who cares ? 
Nobody cares .. no one will ever care . We just live n die for nothing . 
People do care . 
Perfect temp in yellowstone ... 67 degrees and cloudy :) too bad i wore shorts today lol 
Saw a grizzly bear ... with BABIES ! 
I've gotten so tan .. >.< 
Saw lots of bears haha 
I'm starting to see a lot of people who ' I ' feel look just like me ... Which is sad , very sad because I find them very un-attractive lmao 
I have a lot of jogging and dieting to do once I get back home .. Long drives suck .. 
is more confused than a baby at a topless beach .. 
Ok .. we left the hotel at around 4AM and we'll be back home at around 4AM too .. Oh well , the long drive is worth it because after this I'll finally be able to sleep in my own bed . :) 
Wow . My phone works better in the middle of no where than it does in Oshkosh . 
I'm ...... the Odd One . :) 
I desperately want to know the name of the song they play in the background of Courage the Cowardly Dog -- The Tower of Dr. Zalost ... It's the most beau-ti-ful unhappy song I've ever heard :) 
Call yourself a coolcat , lookin like a fool .. 
I'm crazy :) 
We've been great friends for years and I thought I actually knew you . But , when you're around your other friends you turn into someone else and I can't stand it . I'm sick of being hurt and humiliated . I'm sorry for being so harsh but enough was enough ... You know who you are and I hope you understand . 
You're girlfriend is very handsome :P 
Listening to bands I haven't listened to in years ... I'm having flashbacks haha 
Like this status and I'll tell you what I like about you , dislike about you , my first impression about you and a confession about you :) Because I have nothing else to do at 11:07 PM 
Haha wow ... I pretty much JUST woke up . A large chunk of my day , wasted on one hell of a nightmare .. gr . 
Smorz cereal :3 
I could really use a wish right now ... 
Facedown-Red Jumpsuit Apparatus 
So . Incredibly . Bored . 
My dreams keep getting more realistic , and it's really starting to freak me out . 
Trying to make a fat person look skinny with little photo shopping experience is a tough job ... But seriously , it's worth it :) 
Perfect by nature , icons of self indulgence .. Just what we all need , more lies about a world that never was and never will be .. 
At the maallll :) 
Spent 5 hours and 45 minutes at the mall o.O Why is it so freaking crowded there today ? 
Today , while shopping , I noticed that my favorite shampoo and conditioner were on sale . The lable on them read , '' Buy 1 liter of shampoo and 1 liter of conditioner for only $30 , an $11.95 value!'' Um , are they on drugs ? 
needs to stop waking up so late .. Oh well , at least I got up before 3 haha 
Suddenly , I'm addicted to peanut butter ... I don't recall ever liking peanut butter before . O.o 
Damnit ! I hurt my hand because the power decided to go out while I was on the tredmill :( This is yet another reason why I hate summer ! 
Does anyone know how long the power should be out ? 
From what I hear , power should be restored within 4-6 hours ... But to restore power to everyone .. well that could take all night because the substation or whatever blew up and there's a blazin fire going on down there .. 
The lights keep teasing me .. :( 
I think the power is back on for real now !! :D 
I want to go sky diving .... :) 
Feeling better now :) 
Wow , I woke up earlier than usual today .. Even though it's noon , it would still make sense if I said Good Morning .. right ? Haha .. Packing for California today .. Leaving tomorrow .. 
On my way to the Milwaukee airport .. Then to California girls :) 
Chocolate truffle cakes are my weakness .. 
Make the damn baby stop crying ! 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn ? That's alright , because I like the way it hurts .. 
I've been awake since 4AM yesterday .. dayum :) 
I feel odd and nerdy without my contact lenses .. I hope no one notices : x 
I really want to know my schedule >.< 
Seriously pigged out haha ... The things food can do to you .. 
Firepit+blankets+cool California weather = cozy :) 
My mom should be a comedianxD 
I hate waking up because I love dreaming so much .. Sometimes I wish I could sleep forever and live in my dreams :) 
I haven't had any healthy/diet food or exercise in 2 daysD : I hate it .. I want to go home . 
I really don't want to eat after all this . 
Mom keeps promising she'll buy me some healthy food but she still '' forgets''!!! There's nothing healthy to eat here ! 
Watching Open House :) 
Damnit . Woke up from another glorious dream ... 
I've suddenly grown a huge obsession with 3OH ! 3 .... Not necessarilly their music ( although I DO like their songs ) but the actual singers .. All because of a dream I had ... lol :P 
Watching , '' A Haunting In Connecticut '' ( Paranormal Activity was checked out ) and drinking '' Starbucks '' :D 
Haunting In Connecticut was a great movie :) 
Bored . Homesick . Depressed .. 
Paranormal Activity : Good movie ! Not scary :P 
Gained 3 pounds in one week ... Now I have to lose 9 pounds before school starts or I'm not going lol 
I'm sorry everyone ... for my moody behavior in California ... I acted horrible . 
Wow haha . How am I supposed to wake up from school , if I can barely get up on my own to go to registration ... 
Um .. What happened to Driver's < PROPMALE > . and Spanish ? I got a stupid study hall instead ! Whyyy ? 
My stupid sch < PROPMALE > ule is stupid .. ha-1 ) American Gov . t and Politics 2 ) Trig 3 ) Phy < PROPMALE > . 4 ) Psychology 5 ) English 6 ) Bio 7 ) A Cappella .... I didn't get Spanish OR driver's < PROPMALE > . Stupid . 
There's a place downtown where the freaks all come around .. 
Kind of sad because I'm not getting my tooth implant ' till Janurary ... I hate my mouth ... A lot . Haha 
I hate midnight snack cravings ! 
Good morning Facebookers :) 
Seriously considering permenant hair straightening ... But I'm afraid of what will happen to my hair after .. Has anyone here had their hair permenently straightened ? 
Fatty foods , I hate you . 
OMG ! My dad is letting me get my hair permanently straightened ! I'm so happy :) 
:'/ 
Why did I even bother ? 
I only feel good about myself when my hair is straight , my makeup is on , and mmy stomach is empty:'/ 
I can't wait any longer .. I'm so excited ! 
Needs to learn how to control her midnight snack cravings ... But how ?.. * punches her fat gut * 
Got a shirt from Rue 21 that says '' Capricorn''! Highlight of my day :P 
Damnit ! I swear I'm going to kill the laptop . 
Just woke up soo ... Good Morning Facebookers :) 
I'm not gonna lie ... I'm pretty nervous about starting school .. 
Last day of summer ! D: 
Getting my hair permanently straightened today .. I'm really nervous about it .. I hope my hair turns out the way I want it too : x 
Last minute school shopping and schedule changes :) 
New schedule : 1st Q-Bio , Trig , P.E , Drivers < PROPMALE > , English , Spanish , A Cappella .. 2nd Q : Drawing and Painting 3 ( 3rd hour ) , Vet Science ( 4th hour ) 
Is currently in the process of getting the keratin treatment ... Wish me luck !!! Or don't .. that's okay too :P 
My hair smells like chocolate :3 
The first few days of school are always the longest ... 
Screw a wish .. l could really use a friend right now . 
Not going to school tomorrow . 
School was better last year ... 
What is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > of Evanescence famous for ? Writing , singing , and playing beautiful music without the aid of sex/drugs/violence/money . What is < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > famous for ? being a < PROPMALE > whore ( Mean .. but she really doesn't do anything ) How does < PROPFEMALE > attract fans ? With her warm personality and < PROPFEMALE > voice <3 ... How does < PROPFEMALE > Spears attract fans ? By showing off her body of course :/ 
Today's weather : beautiful :) 
I'm LOVING this fall weather so much ! 
Watching Deadly Women .. Marathon !! :D 
I Wrestled a Bear Once ftw 
I love 3 day weekends :) Oh ! And I actually woke up on my own today :) 
I barely have any energy left to do homework .. 
Am I the only one who uses a blow dryer to warm myself up when it's cold ?? 
Taco Johns ! 
I hate algebra 2 ! WTF is a domain and range ?!?!? 
Wiiiieeeeerd ... 
I can't wait for Halloween ! 
Loves watching her beagle attempt to howl like a wolf :3 
Does anyone in Alegebra 2 know how to do problem 1-48 a-d ?! I HATE having no Hotmath.com :( 
It isn't Friday until school ends .. 
wants to go home ... 
Is going to try and start being nicer from now on .. 
I love how my '' friends '' notice me sitting alone .. obviously wanting someone to talk to .. and yet they still walk away .. What kind of a '' friend '' is that ? It's 100 percent obviouse that I want someone to < PROPFEMALE > with ! I hate life :/ 
Feels like skipping 6th and 7th hour ... 
Does history guide you , or do you set out to change it ? 
Hm .. Guys do NOT always equal less drama , to all those who keep saying that . I know plenty of girls who don't give a damn about the world and I know plenty of emotional guys ... so just shush . Lol :P It's about personality .. not gender :D 
Had a dream about raising my own baby tiger .. reminding me of my dreams in real life to save them :) So cute ! 
OMFG I just heard Evanescence , Sweet Sacrifice on Sirius Octane ! MADE MY DAY ! 
I want to join a school sport .. but idk what sport haha .. I kind of wish I was part of the dance team but I doubt I would've been welcome .. plus I can't dance , at allxD 
I love the feeling of talking to an old friend after a long time .. 
Ew I hate homecoming week .. 
Trying to battle sleep ... No it doesn't matter what time I go to sleep at night ... 5:30 is too early ! 
Would've had no homework if it weren't for driver's ed :P 
Never gets any sleep :( 
I always have way too much to do .. giving me no time to sleep , and I hate it .. I just want to fucking sleep in and relax tomorrow:'( 
Having guy friends does NOT=''Dramaless '' ... Drama will be around no matter who you < PROPFEMALE > out with . And TBH I think guys add drama into a girl's life :) ( Unless you're gay ) 
I don't know why but for some reason I can't look at < PROPFIRST > Sparks without getting physically ill . 
So iIRRITATED ! by a certain group of people ! 
I'm going to beat the hell out of the next person who walks into my room with shoes on and leaves me door open ! 
hahaha Green Tea pills .. make me super hyper . :D 
Equations ! 
MOM = Made Of Money 
Uncrustables are NASTY ! 
That storm last night was LOUD ! 
She had it all figured out ... when she left me with a broken heart .. F***ed around and turned me down , cuz she didn't think I could play the part ... And now the prom < PROPFEMALE > , the prom < PROPFEMALE > , is crying sitting outside of my door .. She never know how , how everything could turn around ... 
My brother went to < PROPFIRST > ??? O.o 
My brother and sister = idiots for always leaving their food in the basement .. How many IQ points does it take to fucking pick up your food ?! 
My dad , brother , and sister are gone ... now I know how it feels to be an only child .. 
Damn those ASPCA commercials for making me cry:'( 
Is going to eat her first pancake in like ... months haha :P I'm sorry body .. 
Wosrt weekend ever . 
I treat dogs like babies and babies like dogs :P 
UGH ! Why can't I have more will power ???? 
I wonder if I ever cross your mind ... 
I swear the radio is reading my mind .. 
Getting re-depressed about old things .. 
It's so < PROPFEMALE > and cold out .... I think I'm going to go take a nice , long walk . Ha 
After walking around my neighborhood for about an hour .. I came to the conclusion that I probably looked suspicious walking up and down the streets ( My neighborhood is teeny ) .. So , I began walking on a trail and took pixs :D 
Lady Gaga gave an interview to a < PROPMALE > American magazine & when she was asked about her New projects , \ 
\Lady Gaga\ " Said :\ 
Suddenly feels really happy :) 
Cut her own hair :P 
Cop sees drunk teenager .. Cop approaches teenager ... Teenager giggles and says , '' No need to grab I not rezizting .. Purplebrown:)'' lmao I love the show Cops :D 
Stop callin ' , stop callin ' , I don't want to think anymore .. I left my head and heart on the dance floor .. 
I love < PROPFIRST > R . Dilworth ! ( director of Courage the Cowardly Dog ) 
Today , someone told me that my accent changes like every 5 minutes ... I didn't know I had an accent . 
Feels like shit .. too tired .. 
Lmao :D I think some police radio is interfering with the radio station I'm listening to . 
Ahh ... My legs just gave out on me while I was casually walking around the house --- A SURE sign that I need rest . So nightynight facebookers :) 
got a REALLY nice new phone today ! :D 
Droid2 ftw !!! 
Today is a good day :) 
Is watching Aftermath : Population Overload .... Hopefully I will be dead before the world gets that bad :/ 
Even if I say , \It'll be alright\ " \ 
Feels like ... 100x better now that that's all taken care of :) 
Why are fat people so good at DDR ?... 
Omg why can't I scroll down on my phone !?!? 
Really , really , really needs someone to cheer her up :/ 
I have never in my life felt so hopeless .... worst day EVER ! 
No more \sick days\ " ... I'll definately be going to school tomorrow .. " 
It's only in my mind . 
Don't you just hate those nights where you can't sleep because you're too busy thinking about how dirty the floor/carpet is .. or how gross the fridge is ? I hate this ... I can't sleep because of these OCD like thoughts .... 
How come every time I start eating healthy , I get FATTER !? 
I like it in the trunk of my car ... or in some cases , the dumpster ! 
Uhm ... why can't I see who's online ? 
Okay , I officially LOVE Improveverywhere ! 
Why do I always feel so cold ? 
2 washes later and my hair still strongly smells like bonfire smoke haha\ 
Hopefully having another bonfire tonigt , because bonfires are awesome :) 
School already ??? :( I hate school .. 
Ummm .... whatever I ate just made my tongue feel super tingly and numb . 
Created a massive bonfire :) 
I swear Butte Des Morts is haunted ... 
Woooowww , they fucking WOULD run out of cheese pizza ... but still have like 12 pepparoni ( or HOWEVER you spell that ) pizza . And no , picking the meat off of a pizza does NOT make it vegetarian again . 
Going to Green Bay tomorrow from lunch to 10ish at night .. Couldn't they have done that on a Friday night instead ? 
On her way to Green Bay ! 
Ugh I just saw a really awesome store with awesome international and native american stuff but I didn't get anything , even though I had the money to . And ghey dont have this store anywhere near oshkosh :( 
Is on the bus on her way back to Oshkosh West High School .. Btw riding the bus at night is like 10x the fun :D 
Going home from Green Bay , getting all her bio and english homework done , maybe taking a shower is I have time ? 
Ate a cookie ... haha eww . 
Does anyone remember the name of the 2nd to last song that was < PROPFIRST > at the concert in Green Bay ? 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > me some purple clothing for tomorrow ? I have none ... :( 
OMFG OMFG OMFG < PROPFEMALE > LEE'S NEW ALBUM IS SO FUCKING AMAZING I COULD JUST CRRRRYYYYYYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Hartzler:') ( singer ) 
Today's weather ... makes me want to cuddle up in my snuggie and just read . 
Good day :) Tired . Nightynight . 
Outlet mall and library :) Something about cold rainy days makes me want to just relax and live in a book xP 
Girls who don't realize boys can also cause drama , are f***ing stupid :) 
I LOVE this weather :) 
TGIW ! WEEEEEKEEENNND ! 
Scary movies need to be scarier ... saw a little bit of Paranormal Activity 2 .. NOT SCARY ! 
So , who's going to the concert at kimball auditorium today ???? 
At Aberta Kimball Auditorium :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Burana was AMAZING ! 
OHMYGOSH IT'S FINALLY HALLOWEEN ! Happy Halloweenx3674848656 !!! 
Just got done with the concert :-) 
Frickin hungry ... TGIF ! 
drove for the first time in her life for about an hour , during rush hour , on a busy Saturday :3 
Omg it's NOVEMBER ! X-mas is in DECEMBER ! 
Drove around for about an hour today , probably driving to the library ? 
So , a really mean pic that I made a while back somehow ended up on facebook .... Feeling really bad now ... 
Driving to shopco and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > with my dad .... wish me luck x.x 
I am super cold right now ... I just want to wrap myself up in a fat , warm blanket and sleep ... 
Woke up ... everyone's still asleep .. lonely . 
Yesterday : Nightmare on Elm Street ( horror movie ? Psshyeah right ) , today : Toy Story 3 ! :) 
The building STILL hasn't warmed up and I am FREEZING ! 
Only 2.5 hours left till the weekend ... 
Mmmmm ... corn :) 
Read the nutrition facts of some fast food resturaunts , pizza places , and smoothie shops such as Orange Julius ... I'm too afraid to ever eat out again ... x.x 
Running/working out now , then getting ready for < PROPFIRST > . 
No tredmill , no boflex , no stairclimber , no bike ... :( 
I wish everyone in my family woke up as early as I do ... I need a running < PROPMALE > x ( 
At the Cowboy's game 
Time sure does fly ... I'll be leaving < PROPFIRST > in 2 days:'( Hopefully I'll get to go to the mall tonight at 12 , because hell THAT would make me really happy :) 
Is packed up and on her way to the airport . Goodbye < PROPFIRST > . 
Hellz yeah , free wifi in the sky :) 
I got to get the he'll out of this classroom .... I don't think I can handle anymore immaturity . 
The lunch line is going WAY too slow , all thanks to the computers being down .... 
Woke up at 6:00 ... couldn't fall back asleep :( 
I think I'm going to start bringing a blanket to school .. 
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas ... 
The car won't start :( 
Wow , it's been forever since I've actually logged on to facebook , like the real site ... 
The fire alarm just had to go off during gym class on the coldest day of the year ( so far ) .. 
Is it just me , or does everyone seem everyone super tired lately ? 
Mom forgot to pick me up :( Oh well , it's early release and I have no homework :D 
Too many tests , too little time ... 
I would say I'm pretty optimistic , but I see almost no < PROPMALE > of us ( oshkosh area ) having a snow day tomorrow ... I'm hoping for one but I best not keep my hopes high because ... it's oshkosh . :/ 
If you're worried and you can't sleep , just count your blessings instead of sheep ... 
WINTER BREAK ! :) 
Nightstorm ? Sounds fun :) 
Can't sleep , too hungry :( < PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone :) 
I love life :) 
Watching really old home videos :) 
Can't sleep:'( Happy New Years < PROPFEMALE > everyone ! 
Nothing like a good old mother-daughter spa day :) 
I know it's a little late ( I'm hardly ever on facebook ) , but I just wanted to say thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday yesterday :) 
Spent about 2 hours on an assignment ( online assignment ) only to lose all my work:'( 
TGIF . 
Oh no ! Fml ... I lost the sheet of paper that had Monday's chapter 5 individual test concepts ... Can someone please tell me what the concepts were for Mr. Ruekel's Alf . 2 class ? It would be a BIG help ! 
Would someone purty please help me out ? I need to know what the chapter 5 test concepts were for mr. Ruekel's class ... please help ! :3 
Just got done writing out my speech outline for english ... and I don't even know if I did it right .. haha .. I'll just give my speech last or something .. 
Super tired . Today was a good day . Had trig . from 8- 9:30 , 3 hour break , then Spanish 12:30 -2 . I'm feeling pretty confident in those classes , however I'm NOT so happy about tomorrow . ( Bio . 8- 9:30 , English 12:30 -2 ) Not good ... 
What is the gym sem . final like ?? 
Gym and choir finals today T.T 
Finally -- some peace ... 
Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > today or tomorrow ? 
is sick of packer statuses . 
Guess who woke up super early today ? 
No school :) 
Ugh ... observing today for driver's < PROPMALE > er whatever ... 
Puppy Bowl :) 
Facebook is confusing ... 
What's up with everyone getting hair extensions ? 
I hear birds chirping outside my window ... :) 
Some people never change .... 
Is awake ... staring at the twinkling lights of a quiet city across the frozen lake ... 
Zomgosh , saw a bald eagle flying around in my backyard , almost got his pic ... he's beautiful :) 
Damn it feels good outside . 
Why are teachers protesting ?? 
I have a feelin that today's going to be a good day :) 
Has no homework :) 
Needs a ride to school on monday ... Anyone interested in possibly driving me there or something , please let me know . :) 
Still searching for a ride to school for Monday , the 28th ... if anyone is interested , please let me know and I WILL pay for gas :) thx 
Needs rest :/ 
Thought she'd be able to use this early releasae day to get extra time to work out then relax ... but apparently not . 
Rain <3 
Omfg ... solo/ensemble festival today at 4:00 ... Kill me : 0 
Solo/ensemble is finally done ... No more\ Ave Maria\ " :) " 
So damn bored ... What to do ?? 
I hate Sundays : x 
HATES comp . book assignments . 
At that ZAPS seminar :) Today's gonna be looonnng ... 
Lovin ' the weather :) 
iTGIF ! 
Watching < PROPFIRST > scissorhands :) 
It's so nice outside ! 
So many essays/online assignments due on Monday >.< ... At least the weather is nice :) 
Loves her Droid's new AniPet Aquarium wallpaper ... It's like owning real tropical fish :) 
Thunder and lightning <3 
Had an amazing day today with my mom , brother , and sister . Bought a super cute watch/bracelet , a sweet as shit hair conditioner , a kickass necklace and gum that tastes like strawberry short cake ! Hells yeah ! 
I'm sorry , but is it absolutely necessary to tell the whole world you want/need/are smoking a \cig \"?" 
Doing absolutely nothing in veterinary science ... no teacher :) 
Spent the day downtown with my mom and sister :D the gallery walk was sooo much fun , I'm seriously looking forward to the next one :) 
Wished for a thunder storm yesterday ... and got one . Be careful what you wish for : X 
ACT test tomorrow early morning ... and I can't sleep ? 
I'm going to starrrve ... 
I am addicted . 
Finally , I have a full smile :) You'll see what I mean tomorrow ;P 
Oshkosh west should have microwaves ... If middle schools can have them , why can't we ? 
Needs to stop waking up so early ... 
Happy 420 everyone ! :) 
What's on your mind ? 
Happy Earth Day ! Time to give back to the beautiful blue sphere that has supported and protected us for millions of years :) 
Wants chocolate .... wtf ? Anyways , I am done shopping ( another shocking fact ? ) .. tomorrow , im going to Six Flags over Texas ! :) And good ride suggestions ? And yes , I like ' em fast and SCARY ! 
<-- is a horrible late night compulsive eater ! Anyone have peanut butter ? 
< PROPFIRST > was a BLAST , but it's good to be home :) 
Spring break is coming to a close pretty soon :( 
Feeling shitty today ... 
Got a live chicken egg today ! :D 
Screw prom , I would rather go downtown to look at < PROPMALE > , and celebrate my brother's 14th birthday :) 
I am so confused ... Can someone please explain today's concert schedule ? ( Where/when we meet , where we're performing ) 
F *** you late-night munchies ! >.< 
I'm so sick of this:'( 
Mmm , coffee :) 
Ke$ha needs teeth to make a necklace ASAP :) 
Make it all go away ... 
K$ha needs your teeth :: ke$ha po box 120479 / nashville tn 37212 
Probably won't get her knew phone until tomorrow after school or Friday . Water Damage . Really ? 
Got a new phone , need < PROPFIRST > . Text me :) 
Dr. Phil :) 
..... and THAT is why you must always double check to make sure you aren't TEXTING the WRONG PERSON ... 
Wants today to be a good day .... Sunshine :) 
As of today , Lady Gaga is the most influential person in the world .... coming in 2nd is opra Winfrey and 3rd is < PROPFIRST > briber ... 
Nothing is more annoying than fat people who think they're skinny ... 
I wouldn't even wish this on my worst enemy ... :'( 
is in a lot of pain right now ... 
Apple . Pie . 
It is Saturday ... I can either A ) sit at home and do nothing or B ) go to walmart and throw twinkles at fat people :) 
Omg WTF ?!!? I just saw some fat chick walking around in nothing but a leotard ( which , btw , barely covered her body ) and fishnet tights .... My eyes ! 
Good day .. spent much of my time in downtown Oshkosh for the gallery walk n stuffs :) 
I love < PROPMALE > of the Hill :) 
Nothing boosts a girl's self esteem more than a flattering , sexy white swimsuit :) 
Ugh .. it's finals week and I feel like $h ! t ... lucky , lucky me . 
:( ... 
Right now , I just really hate myself . >.< 
22 minutes till summer ! 
Mmm ... nothing like warm , gooey smores with cool , refreshing milk :) 
Needs a workout buddy ... anyone interested in going to the ymca with me ? 
I am less than 6 months away from being an adult . STOP treating me like a little kid . I HATE YOU . 
Save me from myself ... :/ 
Nice people give me hope :) 
I <3 < PROPFIRST > Sandler :) 
Just finished another kick-ass workout ... Damn , I love the YMCA <3 
I wish I could run allll day ... It would be just me , my legs , and I :) 
Happy Father's Day ! <3 
I haven't changed my profile pic in about a year .. O.o 
My legs look huge when I run .. bahaha :P 
Today , I decided I would face my fears and eat potato ole's after not having fried food in a couple years ... As I popped the first ole into the moderately warm/hot oil , the pan and potato burst into flames .. 
My letter is H :) \ 
Something I like : Hailstorms :D \ 
Something I hate : Ham\ 
Someone I like : < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ? \ 
Something that's bad : HELL\ 
Like this and I'll give you a letter :) 
When are we gonna get some thunderstorms ? :( 
I guess I got what I asked for .. Thunderstorm ! 
Never mind .. it's gone .. 
OMG ! I just found out Walmart sells fat free CHEDDER cheese ! My favorite cheese ! 
Perfect day to be at the Y :) 
Today's going to be a good day . 
Today was almost a good day ... Tomorrow will be better :) Btw I have 3 YMCA guest passes if anyone's interested in working out with me tomorrow at around 12:30 PM . 
I can't sleep :( 
The minimum age limit at the YMCA gym is 16 for many reasons . One of them being that girls don't like immature , cocky little boys bother them . >.< 
Yesterday was great ... but now I'm tired and running on an hour of sleep .. 
\ ' Cause I didn't mean to hurt him 
Sick of being picked up late everyday . 
Can't sleep ... wondering if it is possible to do liposuction at home , anything to get rid of the pain and irritation in my upper back and armpits . :( 
South < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow .. 
Got a headache that won't go away ... 
Kind of depressed . 
All I want to do is go back in time ... back when I was thin . 
Can't sleep .. Can't even think about sleeping , that's how awake I am . 
\This isn't a bathroom so don't start no shit \"" 
Today isn't my day .. Sad and homesick . 
I think our condo is on fire .. 
Enough with the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > drama ! Kid's , animals , and people are dyeing every day and their stories are probably worse . Please , get over it :( 
I think I've become nocturnal .. 
Well , I WAS planning on swimming in the atlantic ocean during sunrise , but I guess that isn't gonna happen since I can't sleep ... 
OMGOMGOMG BEST DAY EVER ! I got to hold and bottle feed TWO tiger cubs and cuddle with a nearly newborn cub . Greatest moment in my life ... <3 
Swam in the Atlantic ocean today ... the waves were enormous ! So fun ! 
I really wish I could sleep ... 
Just .... :( 
At Pirate's Voyage ... a dinner/theater type thing :) 
Just got done eating at pirate's voyage .. it's like a dinner theater times a billion with sea lion and acrobats ! 
WTF did I do ? :'( 
FML :'( 
It's nice to have good friends :) 
It's 1:09 AM , I can't sleep , and there's a large Atlantic Ocean just 5 minutes away by foot ... I think I'm gonna go swimming . :) 
Nascar speedpark was fun :) 
Well , we were SUPPOSED to leave for the airport by 3 AM , but it appears that I'm the fly one awake .. 
Going home today . 
Finally back home where I belong .. 
Are there any good orphanages or shelters in Oshkosh ? If so , I'm leaving . I don't belong here .. 
I can't sleep because I feel like crap and I'm so damn tired ... 
Right now , all I can think about is what my life would be like if it was normal ... I'm seriously pissed off at some people ... 
Gonna find a job n hopefully get my hair done :) 
Life's a bitch , but don't take it too seriously because in the end we all die anyway . 
When the people you rely on the most don't understand you , life is just a struggle . 
At the shooting range . :) 
Shooting cardboard people :D 
We'll be lost before the < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Heartache ... 
Researching the Keratin Hair Treatment .. 
Decided against doing the keratin treatment again . 
Damn ... I can't sleep :( ... By the way , why is there an \n\ " in the word \ " damn\ " ... And do you say \ " a ' n'\ " or\ " an ' n'\ " ? " 
Super sad right now ... I wish someone was awake with me ... sleeplessness is loneliness . 
Nope .. nope . now that I think about it , I might get the keratin treatment done just to give my hair a health boost .. idk .. 
:'( 
I wish someone would understand ... 
You aren't cool , at all . Get over yourself . Not everyone likes you . 
I just want to sleep DAMMIT ! 
Why do I always have to feel so tired , out of energy , and hungry all the time .. why can't my life be NORMAL ? :'( I hate everyone that lets this happen to me . 
I can't wait for evanescence's new album to come out .. So far it sounds amazing ! 
How can you let this happen to me ? 
Is feeling a little bi-polar today . 
It's almost as though someone sucked all the sadness out of me and replaced it with happiness . 
I've been sad for so long , that when it finally went away I thought I was high haha :P 
>.< :'( Pissed off . 
This hot weather makes me want to drink a frappuccino and eat cookies ... FML 
This has got to be the worst summer vacation ever ... 
When I left Oshkosh about 2 1/2 hours ago , it was < PROPFEMALE > and 93 degrees outside . When I came back , it was raining and only 80 . 
I really hope I get my liscence . 
Cyberbully ! 
... Just got some blood drawn ... My arm huwwwrrrrtttsssst 
Is sick of being tired and headachie 24/7 ..... I want my energy back .... 
Waiting to for the instructor to arrive ... super nervous . 
< PROPFEMALE > Whinehouse died :D 
Well , those were the worst and most realistic series of mightmares I have ever had . 
I literally get sick to my stomach when I see those bitches ... God , I wish I could go back in time and just stab all of them . 
Yay ! I gots my hair donnneee ... MMMMmmm it smells like chocolate and it's super long and shiny :) Too bad I can't pin it , tie it up , pull it back , wear headbands/headphones , tuck it behind the ears or wash it for 3 days X.X ... 
I hate . 
I HATE 
There's no such thing as true friendship ... 
My color is yellow . \ 
Do i like it ? Not too much\ 
Would i die my hair this color ? That'd be different . \ 
Food this color ? Lots of fruits and veggies , corn .. \ 
Drink this color ? Lemonade\ 
Animal this color ? Lots of em .. Bees , birds , spiders , fish .. \ 
Like this status and I'll give you a color :) 
Summer vacation is too long . 
HAHAHAHA ! Facebook fights are funny . 
Never forget the day , she laughed and walked away and I couldn't stop her , I guess she had it all .. 
Gosh , get out of my dreams ! 
Do you seriously think that \Dem Lavato\ " or \ " De Mi\ " are real ? stop being so desperate and lonely ... \ " mariah carrie\ " isnt real either . " 
Don't like this status . 
I tried to be nice ... but it seems like the more your lips move , the less respect I have for you . You need to think about what you're going to say before you actually verbalize it . 
