Don't forget seeing tonight's Blue < PROPFEMALE > !!! Happy 2010 ... 10 more years and it will become the Roaring 20s ( part 2 ) ... 

Should have my eyes closed for the dreams I am having while awake ... 
oh boy , just tried some fish eggs . They are like pomegranites ... Fun . 
Hey everyone ! I hope to see all your shining faces at Damaged(bar ) in Palos Hills on Saturday August 1st !!! Papa Jupiter(My < PROPFIRST>'s band ) will be putting on a show ! So if your in town - stop on by ! Ticket's are only $5.00 ... Drinks are cheap , times will b 
Big thanks for everybody on reminding me that I am getting older !!! Really sweet of all of you ! 
Come on Bears !!!! See ya'll at Reggies , 8:30 tonight , for Papa Jupiter ! 
Does anyone have the movie DANGEROUS MINDS ? I would love to borrow it for a report in school . Let me know ! Thanks ! 
Always < PROPFEMALE > ... Can't wait ! 
I thought the weather god said warmer weather for today ? I don't remember a Halloween where it wasn't freezing , snowing or raining ... But the sun is out and the moons almost full ... And I'm finally dressed up with somewhere to go ! See ya'll at < PROPFIRST > Mcgees-101st n Harlem - 9pm !!! 
Well I think I found a bug in my soup . It could be a kinda mushroom with a black shell and what appears to be legs but the ingredients don't list any mushrooms . 
I am trying to fool myself tonight . I eat the little chocolates bit by bit , telling myself I'll soon get full and stop , when in reality I know all too well that this box of deliciousness from Christmas is as good as gone ... And this is what happens when I give myself the ' night off ' . 
Happy B-Day to me ... Thank you everyone for making me smile ! You're the best ! 
This is a spectacular first day of autumn ! 
Anything fun going on tomorrow night ? I am suffering from houseatosious ! 
I just joined Stickam.com! Come view my LIVE stream at http://stickam.com/bellar 
is taking way too many quizes =) 
I need to get out of the house tonight ... 
Taking a break from watching Get Him To The Greek or whatever that movie is called ... I am choking on my own laughter , it's pretty special . 
Wish I had a picture of myself in costume from Halloween ... Off that ball but I did have a lot of fun ... Get to do it all again w/ Papa Jupiter , Panther Style , < PROPFIRST > In Space @ Reggies ! two weeks from tomorrow on Friday night , Dec . 17th ! Can't wait ! 
Just got home from my first day at the office ! I think I'm in love with my new job ! 
Well ... Nobody is online tonight ; must be at the Papa Jupiter , Panther Style , < PROPFIRST > In Space @ Reggies ! show !!! See ya there . 
Dear lastnight , thank you for the headache ! I earned it ! 
To bed at 2 ... Up at 6:30 for work at 8 .... Darn , the Credit Union doesn't even open untill 9 !!! Duh . Tried to get < PROPFIRST > up to < PROPFEMALE > with me , but he's isn't having any of that :) 
