HAPPY NEW YEARS !!! 2010 ! 

bay area ! 
i just wanna wrap you in christmas lights and say halleluja-hahaha 
Not much just trying to stay caught up in school . I just started an english class at the college . Apart from that just surfing and hanging with friends . Where are you working now ? 
haha try and fix that 
bluh 
whats on my mind ? \where the wild things are\ " being the greatest movie ever is on my mind " 
\i'm gonna quote < PROPMALE > on my facebook \"- < PROPFIRST > thornhill " 
tired 
haha dude i havent even talked to mikey for like 3 years . i think i actually want to go to oregon the most , it seems pretty sick to me . you want to go to gonzaga though ? 
DUDE how do i always screw that up ? 
i love music 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > Day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas thugs !!! 
change is good 
trynna learn 
Peace Hilo ! 
Back in Rip Cityyyyyyy !!! 
you make it real for me 
PIRATE RADIO !! 
i'm at later right now 
i'm cutting out , i need it 
i know what i want 
i finally know what i want 
do i care anymore ? 
I just wanna be close to you in the morning when the sunlight takes the moonlight 
what am i doing ? 
do you ever feel like you're lying from the start ? 
Fantastic Mr. Fox 
done- i quit 
Baskin Robins ! ( dos por el precio de uno ! ) 
just kinda do a little shimmy of a dance to that other chair and it's aaaall good 
about to explode with bits of my stomach going into every crevice 
needs water 
i think everyone just became single 
it's either accept me or except me 
childish as it seems it'll make all better 
i dont know what i'm forgetting 
i've got more on my mind than i've got on my plate 
The wind is howling through my room 
i'm alive but not around 
I've got to get away from the pain you drive into the heart of me 
school sucks i quit 
Birthday Bash for < PROPFIRST > Cash !! 
sinking and drowning's never been so musical 
damn i wish i had that voice 
your faith has got to be greater than your fear 
is hustling like a beast 
The top gets higher the more that I climb , I'll hop up in my spaceship and leave earth . I'm gone . 
shitty computers suck !!! 
The breakwall was longer than expected 
I'm not a leader and I'm not a follower . Just let me do my own thing . 
123 it'll happen sooner than later 
I'm taking a break from the world , who else is coming along ? 
i'm looking forward to not spending the evening with you 
Just give me that simple song and it'll make my day 
I woke up craving a bagel and cream cheese . 
I could die now , rebirth 
Hate in my heart , love in my mind 
cause in the end they'll judge me anyway , so whatever 
cause i'm up above , i'm in the clouds , i'm rollin ' up , i'm lookin ' down 
There was a time when all I wanted was my ice cream holder and a little cream soda , oh well , oh well 
Don't need candles and cake , just need your body to make ! 
Date Night was kinda hilarious 
It makes me feel so fine I can't control my brain- why would they cancel Freaks and Geeks ? 
You're a self-proclaimed champion , I'm a self-proclaimed god 
I can never find the right words to end something . XO 
I quit life . I'm going to the beach 
But I got wise , you're the devil in disguise 
it's amazing 
I heard about you through the coconut wireless 
I'm afraid of my own mortality , so I plan on losing it . 
much needed trip 
18 years old mofo ! AND two great presents from my family ? yessss 
Enter galactic you and me 
ridiculously jealous of < PROPFEMALE > Cellier for going to the Cudi concert 
not doing work . cause i don't have to 
banksy 
So I was racing this girl back to hilo on the panaewa stretch , she just didn't know it . I won :) 
give me some country strings and a southern drawl , i'll be good for the night 
Forever young , I want to be forever young 
If you you're looking for love then I'm lookin for love 
i want new notecards to draw on 
Soon after falling into a deeper psychedelic state to escape the prison of our reality , we become trapped in our own peaceful place which immediately becomes out sanctuary , a place filled with our wildest dreams , this is our new home 
I'm an Eagle Scout !!! YES !!! 
So i dont know about you , but i'm mad tired 
School's over , I've checked out 
painting my board ! :) 
Is school over ? Yes . Am I stoked ? Yes . Did I just finish painting my board ? Yes . Fin . 
Every time I close my eyes I see my name in shining lights . 
We all graduated like a bunch of beasts- it's over ! 
summer's here along with grad parties , beach and sleep ! 
If i only knew your name I'd go from door to door 
Hot Tub TIme Machine ! 
So I'm gonna make an 80's throwback pop song complete with unneeded synth solos and terrible voice effects 
Soooo much watermelon ... 
\If you run in front of a car you get tired ... If you run in back of a car you get exhausted \"- nice one Sai Weiss ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > Q , baby I love you 
Blood brothers for life(figuratively ) . We'll find that bar in the wall somewhere . 
Blood brothers for life(figuratively ) . We'll all find that bar in the wall somewhere . 
Screw you announcers , it wasn't a lucky goal , it was a goal ! 
going campiiiing 
Camping at Hakalau ? Best choice of the night 
Lets just enjoy each others company a little while longer . 
What a fun day ! Not . 
Oahu tomorrow- Yeeeeeeaaaa booooooy 
Mexico beats < PROPFEMALE > and lakers beat celtics !? What a great day !!! 
suck it england ! 
Back in Hilo ! 
The Bible's blind , the Torah's deaf , the Qu'ran's mute . If your burn them all together you'll get close to the truth . 
New favorite word = Heyloha . We're breakin ' boundaries and trampling ideas one culture at a time !! 
U.S. WINS THE GROUP !!! YEEEEESS !!! 
Shitty deal US ... 
Forgive them , even if they are not sorry , all the vultures , bootleggers at the door waiting 
I'm a martyr for my love for you 
So if you want it I got it come get it I'll give it to you baby , is the weekend enough ? 
Wow i almost just fell asleep doing yoga 
Missed life , quits chances . 
madly tired 
\She's so toasty . \ " hahaha classic line ! " 
It's so impossibly hot ! 
I just don't know what to think about splice right now . Disturbing beyond belief . 
i'm too quick9e soooooooooon 
just keeps reaching 
Lykke < PROPFEMALE > and El Perro < PROPMALE > Mar ? I think so . 
havin money in the ghettooooo 
happiness is a warm gun 
is floating . 
finally got to sleep in ! 
< PROPMALE > jobs , < PROPMALE > jooooooooobs , < PROPMALE > joooobs wooah . 
Isn't finding scraggly little dogs named Mustache in a parking lot great ? 
Orphius melted the heart of Persephone but I never had yours . 
Hmm broken cues and uneven tables for some public billiards ? I think so . 
Two weeks longer , we're growing older , likeness meets sometimes 
Just decided to go for a hike 
Went traveling through the < PROPMALE > 
where will you be for the revolution ? 
blowin it up ! 
So glad I'm not in school right now 
Flash a hungry smile 
So I just found my old cub scout hat and it looks hella good 
Do you remember me ? I'm going overseas . Come fly with me I'll give you all 
What side is this anyways ? I'm done 
Time to hit the volcano with me grandma and uncle 
me say sleep time 
I just introduced my 88 year old grandma to native fm 
uuuuugh- i just deleted all my contacts on my phone 
YES !! I just got all my contacts back 
When you came in the air went out 
I'm that man on the < PROPFEMALE > 
I dreamt a helicopter crashed into my house . 
bored as shit 
I like the tree tops , cause they're reaching just like me . 
is in a daze 
Any man who knows a thing knows he knows not a damn damned thing at all 
Being on a boat to see lava pour into the ocean a week before I leave ? Good idea . 
stupid no cell reception 
If my phone had a face I would punch it , because it needs to stop being broken . But then I guess that wouldn't really make sense ... 
Whooa ! Look out at the water ! Glowing triple rainbow in front of the < PROPFEMALE > all the way !! What does it mean !?!? 
You stay classy hilo . 
Did I just set up my dorm to be fucking awesome ? Yeah , I did . 
Voodoo Doughnut or Voodoo Delicious ? Sorry to whoever I was thinking of when I was eating that raspberry filled voodoo doll ! 
Good game of some turf soccer at 1130 in the middle of the city ? Hell yeah . 
I feel sunbursts and touch moonbeams . 
Dude !... It's Portland . 
Was going to a Neon Indian concert with Miniature Tigers opening across the river a good idea when you have no idea how you'll get back and you have an 8:30 class the next day a good idea ? I'd say so . 
The pool side at the Palms in Vegas 
What's that playing on the radio ? Why do I start swaying to and fro ? 
i've got nothing but time 
Hookahs and McDonalds Crazies at 1 in the morning ? I can dig it . 
I'm thinking not cutting my hair till after halloween so that I can pull off a costume just right is DEFINITELY a good idea . 
Office hos and CEOs ... Check . 
\Hey man ! Thanks for makin ' my night ! Seeing you I know there's still hope ! \"- Homeless < PROPMALE > " 
I'm sleeping 
Hey ! Lets go camping ... 
I'm ready to fight < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Hirsch for giving me this stupid cold ! 
Yeeeeeesssss , Banana bread from home !! 
fuck you morning classes 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Hirsch right now , gosh shes sooooo COOL ! 
\You're alternative as fuck dude\ " - < PROPMALE > Esterline " 
Mt . Hood you look so beautiful covered in snow ! 
Of Montreal and < PROPFEMALE > Monae you were AMAZING tonight ! 
And so No Shave November begins ... 
Why'd I have to lock myself out of my room on the day that I was gonna sleep off ? 
Magic's all up in this bitch . 
Just killT it for some V-D-D's! 
hahahahaaha < PROPFEMALE > Cunningham 
Aaaaaaagh my brain be exploding ! 
44 degree soccer making it look like you're on fire in the lights ? All right . 
Omlettes !! 
me sleep now . 
Better Things- Passion Pit\ 
\ 
Feelin ' it . 
< PROPMALE > Potter Midnight Showing is coming up !!!!! 
shit yeah . 
I want to swim in the river , river why you gotta be so dirty ? 
23 degree walk to class- Whooooo !!! 
This paper's too hard I quit , I'm going out 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Cunningham for showing me that Yann Tiersen video ! 
I like cheesy scrotum 
Happy thanksgiving everyone . EAT MO ' TURKEY ! 
I ate soooooo much ! 
This is blowing my mind . Why are people in Hawaii already awake ? 
No shave November is oveeeeeerr !!! 
Who's down to walk 9 < PROPMALE > to pick up a friend from the airport !? I am . 
Stoked to be going home ! 
Back in Hawaii and it's great ! 
Damn you crazy wireless/reception in my house !! I can't get through to people at the right times ! hahaha 
I'm loving christmas presents 
So my chest is exploding and I don't like it 
It's so hot I want to go swimming right now 
Holy moly me oh my you're the apple of my eye 
Why would you block the eclipse from me you stupid clouds ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > Engle is back and now I can torture heeeeerr ! :) 
Just made my christmas tamales !! 
Sooooo fuuuuull .... 
Sasquatch tickets !!! 
Yes ! Just got my dads old school denim jacket ! Whooo ! 
Me last day in the 808- I'll see you homies tonight ! 
2 hours of indoor , diggin it . 
It took a while for you to find me , but I was hiding in the lime tree . Above the city in the rain cloud , I poked a hole and watched it drain out . 
bruuuh lost my water bottle 
Rebelution , Iration , and Orgone- Doooooope 
Here's to waking up at 2 in the afternoon 
Boutta spend a few more hours on this sculpture . Saturdaaay !!! 
Got two letters in the mail last night ! :) 
Deadbeat summer en la biblioteca . Bout to go recognize < PROPFIRST > Muir as the shit ! 
Let's do something tonight , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Lunch/breakfast time 
Let's do work 
weeeiird day 
If you don't want to ride , then whatevers , I got the headers and webbers 
Oh my god , I want to finish this sculpture already 
Come on baby light my fire 
Haha good job shitty phone 
Where is my mind ? 
meow4eva 
Stressin ' bruuuh 
sweet story bro 
Hurla sick , hurla homework 
Was I right , was I wrong , was it you all along ? 
flying overseas 
let's dream and just forget about everything else 
Doing work en la biblioteca . Hit me uuuuup 
Oh research paper . Why ? 
Soccer time 
Goodnight world , I love you 
Ha . 
If you were a surfboard then , I would try to surf more and , you would be the best board that I found 
Stop following me Spanish final ! 
i'm < PROPMALE > and i think i'm the SHITtT !!! 
Fuck you spanish final ! I win . 
Tallest Man On Earth . No doubt . 
It's sooo hot 
