thinks this weather sucks 

my front lawn is now underwater ... 
is looking forward to this weekend 
ripped up a basement today 
finally saw stepbrothers 
is bored 
Is gonna see < PROPMALE > potter today . Yay ! 
Off to west < PROPFEMALE > . WOOO :P 
back from the mission trip ! < PROPFEMALE > much fun !!! 
spent a loooong day at six flags with family ... ehh 
something random ... 
is tired ... but feelin good 
got a car ! WOOOO ! :D 
school .... not happy about that . 
ohh boy ... 
can't wait til tommorow's over ... 
physics final tommorow shall be the death of me !!! 
passed all my finals , getting ready for trip to disney 
Hello darkness , my old friend , I've come to talk with you again , Because a vision softly creeping , Left its seeds while I was sleeping , And the vision that was planted in my brain , Still remains , Within the sound of silence 
Ticheli Fest = Awesome 
is tired ... of everything !!!! 
Ohh facebook , if i see another failure to connect to facebook chat at this time message , i think i may become upset with you . 
Root beer float for the win ! Then attempt some homework ... 
busy busy busy . I'm not used to this ... 
1 * in all four of my events at solo/ensamble . woo ! 
R.I.P. VBM ... 
can't seem to avoid messing up the good things . 
is going to try something ... buckling down . ( gulp ) 
blarg . 
double blarg . 
is in canada eh ? 
state ... i wonder if i would have done better if i practiced ... 
ahh the talent show . went great and was tons-o-fun ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xShgYPOFCRo enjoy 
thinks women are impossibly complex 
poop 
:) 
has been flocked ! 
wonders how many \idea's\ " have you had today ? " 
Last Day Of High School < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
IT ... IS ... DONE !!! 
what a day . birthdays and bonfires , saving the human race , making silly people cry . what a day . 
hates waiting ... 
done waiting ! :) 
Mine and < PROPMALE>'s Grad Party Today !!! Come ! We have TACOOOSS !!! 
Party was awesome . super epic long-time freestyle volleyball and TACOS were definately the highlights . thanks to errybody who came ! 
new laptop is officially up and running ! 
shmummrmremummmm 
Toy Story 3 = Awesome ! Everybody should go see it . No , like right now . why are you still reading this ? GO ! 
whoop ! 
I want to be a billionare ... 
Went to see < PROPFEMALE > was in concert with mi familia , it was pretty shweet . How cool would that be to travel around playing such iconic music ? 
did anybody pass the AP stats test ??? 
i have just discovered HULU ! why have i been watching tv the hard way for so long ??? 
had shark at hu hot tonight . Shark !!! how cool is that ? tasted like chicken ... 
ohh music camp , what an awesome week ! 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . The World is probably one of the funniest movies i've seen in a looong time . e'rybody should go see it ! GO ! 
this alchohol survey/test is the stupidest thing i have had to do do yet for stinkin college . 
lost his phone ... stupid roller coaster 
is officialy moved in ! 
football's got some dumb rules ... ( detroit vs chicago ) 
yeah packers ! broke a couple eagles today . 
why am i up ? 
words , stuff , and all that jazz ... 
:/ 
i hate google . it wrecked my youtube account < PROPFEMALE > hard with it's mandatory google acount crap . i hate it i hate it i hate it . 
packer game = pathetic attempt at a performance . 17 penalties ..... < PROPFEMALE > sad . why did they have to put on their worst game since 1987 against the FREAKIN bears ???????????????? 
BAHAHAHAHAHHAHA THE PACKERS LAST KICKOFF RETURN WAS GREAT !...... sad .... but .... comical 
RAAWR 
has a bad midterm today . not going to be fun . BLEGH ! 
is bored , and so i shall be silly 
GO PACK GO ! 
OLD MAN FELL DOWN !!!!!!! Thank you < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
grr 
packers Win ! whew 
D2L can shove it . 
uwm has a pet raccon . it lives in the sanburg tower area . awesome ! 
I like to smell my feet after i run . :) 
living with < PROPMALE > donalds is like hearing all his status posts before he writes them ... 
is completely lost 
was bored , so decided to see how far back facebook remembers things , and has yet to find a limit ... facebook is scary 
... 
i wish BOWS was real ... way more usefull than BOSS 
time to craaaam ! :/ 
ohh boy , politics final , here i come .... 
man everyone is going home and i'm stuck here till the 23rd . >:/ 
is a total bonehead 
cannot wait to go home . these final things suuuck ! 
thank you collins ! GO PACK GO ! 
so bored 
still waiting for the epic blizzard , just seems < PROPFEMALE > out ... 
SUPER BOWL CHAMPS BABY !!! GO PACK GO !!!!! 
hi spanish class , i don't like you or the stupid assignments you make me do . go away please 
well thanks north tower 7th floor , for having us all get some exercise at 2:30 ... what a perfect time for some stair climbing . 
if you're ever bored , just watch a youtube vid with transcribe captions turned on , and enjoy ! 
heard birds today ! is it weird that this makes me excited ? Think about it , when was the last time you heard birds chirping ? Not any time during the colder months . 
I dare you to look menacing while drinking orange soda . can't do it ! 
Milwaukee smells terrible when wet .... like dead fish + wet dog 
going back to k town for the weekend .... anybody wanna do something ? 
\sweet canadian mullet\ " ~ sobe bottlecap knowledge " 
\sunday night dinners\ " ~ SoBe wisdom " 
homework for tonight : watch singing in the rain on a screen larger than the ones in most movie theaters . yeah , i think i can do that . 
ohh dear 
the monkey's outta the bottle man , \ 
pandora doesn't go into the box , he only comes out . 
\I'm not your daddy I'm your grandpa . \"" 
just saw The Situation make absolutely no sense on roast of < PROPFIRST > trump 
is lovin this spring break thing 
hmm ... 
