i have a really really bad gum and tooth ache :[ sucks really really bad !!! 

my mouth feels better i guess i have an absessed tooth .. for those who don't know what that is it's where some nerves in your gums are messed up and it hurts SUPER DUPERLY BAD !! but i got some antibiotics and pain pills so i'm feeling better ... have to go to the dentist monday .. can't wait .. i think it's the only time i'm actually excited to go there .. 
Can't wait to see everyone !!!! Lot's of hugs are coming !!! 
Babysitting my baby nephew < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > while his daddy has his appendix removed today ... :( 
bored .... lawyers and judges this month ... it's a lovely disaster ! :P 
Re-doing my room with < PROPFEMALE > ! lol those of who know thats bad it hasn't exploded yet :) 
cleaned gabby's room it's all organized now so when she comes home she has a nice room :) lots of fun new things to put on her bed too ! ( this means i ignored my mess of my stuff ... it's worth it ) 
:) i'm dorkalishouis ! 
needing a very long vacation !!! =/ 
how come every thing i want is out of MY budget ?? grrr how am i going to get 80 dollars this month ??? lol grrrrrr 
watching my nephew < PROPMALE > lee !!! :) 
can't wait to see my baby nephew tommorow !! yay i get to be the auntie again ! 
no cell phone so don't text/call it !! :/ 
< PROPMALE > lee ... soooo cute just making alot of loud noises !!!! 
so sore ... thanks to the youth group retreat !! ug ... jerks ! =] 
I LOVE YOU !!!! 
lots to do ... guna help with the church swap and rummage sale wednesday till friday ... yay ! 
hope i have time to babysit too :) yay money ! 
30H ! 3 .... :] 
where are my love buddies ?? :/ 
i want nachos and tacos and lots of salsa !!!! 
:P tired ... guna go to sleepy time in my comfy bed wif PILLOWS and BWANKETS ..... YAYAYAYAY !!! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is keeping me up !!!! lol :] 
no fair for me :( that'll be like 8 years now .... but at least i got some applications for work ... y .. a .. y .. i think 
yes my taco and salsa need it quenched ! now i want some sour gummie < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
going to get some gummies tonight !!! 
JELLO !!!!!! 
migraine !!! 
why do i always get the deadly sicknesses ??!!! 
\circling the pain inside my soul \"" 
again ... going to miss out on everything ... :( 
shower tonight ... court in the morning ... the only 3 things good about that is i'm not going to school the first day(not the best day to skip .. but still ) i get to see my aunt again :) and i get to see < PROPMALE > too !!! or that bad ? 
doing okay 
getting the baby wound up ... so much fun and hilarious !! 
Tired ... want to go out and have fun !!! 
BLAHG ! woke up to a lovely sight ... a big spider was on my floor .... eww ! i tried to kill it , got like 2 of it's legs and it darted under my bed ... it was a great way to get < PROPFEMALE > up and out of bed ! lol but i found it again and it's dead .. god rest it's soul .. but i thought we might have brought home the HUGE spider < PROPFEMALE > freaked out over last night while we were fishing ... :/ still gross ! 
i love everyone in my group ! thenks to you all brenden will prob come regularly ... :) awsome job for being serious ! 
just got back from erie from a weekend funeral .... so tired ! ~ bitter sweet ~ 
Feeling Loved :) 
\Revenge is a Dish Best Served Cold . \"" 
can't wait for youth group tonight .... i need fun .... 
Sickly .... * cough cough * * sniffle sniffle * * so sore and achey * i feel like CRAP ! 
\Far Away\ " :( " 
tired , headache , and no i'm not going to church this weekend ... 
so not ready for school ! i'm still achey and BLAHG !!! 
I'm feeling better ...... Just need to get EVERYTHING off my chest !!! 
Going to need a ride to youth tonight ...... Momi has a sore tooth problem : ( 
Iritated ..... :( 
trying to unlock the car ... then i guess we are headed to the flea market ... oh well if i spelled it wrong ... it's annoying me like a flea ! 
doesn't anyone want to save me and take me with them somewhere ??!! ( as if i'd be aloud .. ) 
But i am UNGROUNDED now !!! oh yeah ! 
Feeling very animated today ... i'm not sure why though ! 
Youth tonight ... shower later .... still feel animated adn hyper but not as much as yesterday ... my energy is slowly draining ... lol ' Erendenyn ' : ) 
' Flavor of the Weak ' 
got home from babysitting with < PROPFEMALE > , got a shower and then i'm going on a ' date ' with < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! FUN FUN FUN !!! 
Sorta bored ... had lots of fun with < PROPFEMALE > last night ! :) thanks again ! not much to do today .... 
sick ..... again ! i'm always the one getting sick with the bad stuff ! only this time i think i may have gave < PROPFEMALE > something .... sorry < PROPFEMALE > ! 
feeling better , more sore than anything but i REFUSE to stay home again with < PROPFEMALE > , the two of us sick is so not good !! it's reallly crazy ! so i'm going to go to school tomorrow for as long as i can and hope i get through the entire day ! Pray for me ! 
well didn't make it through today .... came home 5th period ... it was pathetic my thighs are sore , i'm getting heat flashes , and i wrote 2 sentences and my arm gave out ..... i like yelled at my hand in class saying REALLY ???? ARE YOU SERIOUS ??? YOUR SO PATHETIC !! everyone thought i was crazy ..... but ya know what ? everyone is crazy ! 
Going to church for the 2nd service .... feeling better ... just hope it stays with me ! Some people are getting really annoying !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is cleaning the house !!!! ALERT ALERT ALERT !! 
Home from school ..... Didn't know that French was so confusing when it comes down to knowing if the word is a gender ! Can't wait for Bunko !! even though i don't know what it is ... 
How did i end up with 62 friends !!???? i don't realize that i talk to that many people but i looked at them all and only about 10 of them i don't talk to on a regular basis .... plus i have more friends i talk to often , i just don't have them added ..... SEE < PROPMALE > I DO HAVE FRIENDS !!!! 
Tired ... slept till 1:30 thanks Panchura's for exhausting me enough to get the sleep i've been needing for a while ! :) had fun last night !! HAPPY BIRTHDAY NATE !! 
school was okay .... but it's school what do you expect ??!! thinking about maybe talking to mom bout hanging out with some friends .... like that's going to go over well ..... other than that i'm not that exciting today .. 
Ready for school ... waiting on < PROPFEMALE > to come downstairs and waiting for our ride .... i'm so tired yet awake .... it's a good thing my anxioty pills made me not know when i'm hungry ( real sideffect ) cause i have no lunch money for today : / and pb&j doesn't really sound that great , cause i'd have to drink reg . milk with it and that's not going to go over in my tummy very well ... : < 
tired ... want to go and stay somewhere for a little bit just to get away and relax ! at least i have some of my music .. My ChEmIcAl RoMaNcE <3 
Just got home from a nice lunch with < PROPFEMALE > and Jaimie :) 
Home from school ... not sure i want to go with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... i have a headache ... :P plus i want some real food !! 
OH MY CRACKING DRAMA !!!!! 
Home from watching the boys ... they were surprisingly not that bad :) i had fun ! 
Home chillin with < PROPFEMALE > and amanda ... watching anger management .... :) I feel pretty !!! 
Baby < PROPMALE > is over :) i love him !!! going to do dishes and my clothes when mom is out of the shower ... then hopfully Brenden is coming over to < PROPFEMALE > out for a few ... 
i really hate our computer !!!! MW isn't working and i need to print some stuff off with my pretty paper for school ..... UHG !!! 
tired ... and no pills in the world can help my head now !!!! hate it !!! 
being bored and living on headaches never seemed like a life untill it's yours ... wish i had some pills that worked !! 
Ah sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm ..... love it !!! 
Have < PROPMALE > today till about 8 tonight ... ahhh it's a good thing i love him soooo much !! Matts home too :] fun fun fun !!! 
Got back from the wedding ... it was okay ... good thing < PROPFEMALE > and i went home before everyone got a little tipsy ... probably going to babysit later for < PROPFEMALE > :] 
Staying home today .... Feeling tired .. but i stayed up till 3 last night so that's prob why ... doing up my laundry today so i'm not being that lazy ... I'll be doing NOTHING else today soooooo ( can't believe i'm saying this ) text me !! 
Music is ALWAYS the BESTEST sugestion !!! :] 
Tired and sore and and and and i don't even know ... just BLAH today ! 
At home ... Hayden is here .. and he is so talkative :] i love my nephew ! He's so CUTE !! 
Staying Home Today . Kinda Sucks To Have No Car :/ But At Least I Get To Have Some Time To Be Lazy ! < PROPMALE>'s Party Was Fun And He Was So Cute ! 
Home tonight ... then again i think i'm home like EVERY night !!! : [ it's sad come to think about it ... i think it's time to think of some friends houses i haven't gone to in like a year .. ( all cause of the stress and what not ) they've been wanting to kidnap me !! WELL NOWS THE TIME !! 
starting to kinda maybe sorta re-think my choice for gym ... but i need upper body strength so maybe the wieght training is okay ... i just hate the soreness ..... plus * cough cough * chris ... yours hugs don't help it ... have to be gentle hun . 
Going to the school ... not what i wanted to do today .... to help < PROPFEMALE > with her senior project ... i'm prob going to be board .... but oh well .. we'll be there till 8 .... yay ... not really :/ 
< PROPMALE > is over today ... he's starting to walk more :] I love him so much !! 
Getting tired and exhausted from everyday simple things :[ 
Tired and sore and and and i don't even know ...... :[ 
BLAHG !! Kinda sorta excited for Christmas then again ... not so much :/ 
Wrapped < PROPFEMALE>'s presents today :] can't for her to get them ! Love her so much ! 
< PROPMALE > is over again today .. he seems to like < PROPMALE > a lot :] he turns 1 this Tuesday !!! 
projects suck ! feeling on the down side and everyone is in a ' crapy ' mood ... never helps ! tho i'm kinda sorta excited for this weekend ... :/ 
YAY vacation !! not really ... lol < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! :] 
Made some cookies today ... feeling pretty good today ... for now at least . 
Blahg .. headaches are back :[ and i only have one more imetrex left ... this sucks ! 
Going out to < PROPFEMALE>'s and papa's for tonight ! that means no cell phone .. it's a dead zone , but it's good to take time off the phone :] i'm excited ... jaimie isn't but she'll get over it !! 
And for my new years resolution , i will work on that list of things i don't like about myself as well as the number of people i kill , i'm running out of room in the back yard anyways :) 
Got to looove that feeling of a knee popped out of place ! Love it everytime ! 
SnOw DaY !! I knew it would be since it didn't stop snowing last night ! :] Still have a throbbing tooth ! :/ 
home from the dentist .... i'm either getting a root canal or the tooth departured .... just lovely !! 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA i just scared < PROPFEMALE > so bad that she jumped AND almost peed herself ! i love it ! 
it's going to be hard but i know i can do this . ( i do it all the time at home .. and mom hates it ) .. not talk that much at school ... my mouth is sooo sore from yesterday :[ can't believe it and to top it off i got taken away and sat by myself yesterday during an assembly .. for say ' He is NOT fat ' quietly to of all people < PROPFIRST > grove ... that's my quote of the week now . 
sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo tired ! 
Having the puppy is so much fun and i love him already !! he's soooo cute ! probably will have some pictures on here soon . it's a little stressfull with court coming up wednesday .. lots of prayers !! 
Court today .. hoping for the best . hopefully no panic attack for me ! depending on how it goes maybe coffee and then youth tonight :) 
got home yesterday . was still sore from MMR . but it was all worth it i miss the girls already ! still feel kinda bad ( < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ) but it was kinda funny , before me and him talked about it .. 
Not exactly the best day ever .. 
and i didn't think it could've gotten worse :( Am willing to go and spend time with anyone , just to get away ... any takers ? 
no more phone :) so don't text me !! hope i can get through today without crying ... she got so big :( i miss her < PROPFEMALE > very very much ! 
eh .. feel like crap !! 
saw that movie with < PROPFEMALE > a few hours ago .. just so i wasn't out of the loop .. it was good ... i still feel like crap tho ... have too much on my mind :( and some people i can't get out of my mind .. * sight * but oh well it'll be all good .. just need some time ! 
Today was just one of those days where everything i did reminded me of you . 
I don't forgive people because i'm weak . I forgive them because i'm strong enought to know people make mistakes . 
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live .. 
Some how i managed to make the honor role .. again .. i just don't know have long i can keep this up ... it's getting too exhausting !.... Every evening i turn my worries to God , he's going to be up all night anyway .. 
Had a kinda sorta good day ... youth tonight .. i think .. A person doesn't have to be perfect to be exactly what you need .. 
Had my vo-tech work day today .. and it was fun ! i Get my tooth injection Friday !!! can't wait .... * sarcastic voice * Life is the < PROPMALE > of drawing without the eraser .. 
Got back from the dentist ... my left side of my face is still numb ... staying home today and helping mom , then maybe going to the movies with < PROPFEMALE > tonight and staying the night .. then maybe going to church Sat . night for the thingy that i forget what it's called :) 
Home from the movies with my bestie < PROPFEMALE > ! we saw Dear < PROPFIRST > , I LOVED IT !!! :D we both cried a few times though .. but it was amazing !! 
1 way 2 tell you 3 words 4 you .. I Love You ! 
Getting a EKG today ... at least i'll be leaving school early i hope !! :) i'm actually a little happy today too ! ' It's Tuesday .. did you bring your jacket ? I LIVE IN A BUCKET!!' 
Got home from school .. went to get my EKG .. jaimie and mom had a nice front seat view ! hope they find whats wrong .... And he said to her \The only way i can hurt you is by holding your hand too tight . \"" 
NO YOUTH TONIGHT !!! 
Maybe going to < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight to hang ... in the meen time i'm eating < PROPFEMALE > hearts ! :) 
Is home .. Thor is being a butt !! Don't want to have school anymore !! 
Not sure what i'm doing this weekend just yet .. 
Having < PROPFEMALE > over tonight for some movies :) 
okay .. having < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > over to < PROPFEMALE > out and watch movies ! :) YAY girl night ! 
Doing nothing today i don't think .. shopping with mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > later ... :P tired ! 
Working in the nursery today ... after that idk what i'm doing .. maybe < PROPFEMALE > out with some one ? 
Maybe hanging with < PROPFEMALE > later tonight .. tired ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Happy Valen .. Oh wait do you believe in love ?!! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE>'s to chill for a little bit .. :) 
Not sure what i'm doing today ... but this weekend was the best weekend i've have in a LONG TIME !!! 
Wants to get her hair cut short .. but not too short :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s 18th birthday tomorrow ... YAY !! made her cake already , can't wait to eat it !! :D 
GAHHH !! the computer chair hates me :( it ripped my jeans ... on a rounded edge !! how the hey does that EVER happen ??!!!???? 
I already know what i want for my birthday !! which is in ...... * drum roll * 15 days !!! :D i can't wait !! 
14 more days !!! :D < PROPMALE>'s party tonight .. 
Back from < PROPMALE>'s party , i suck at bowling !! i have a < PROPMALE > headache now , but i had fun ! :) < PROPFIRST > and his friends are JERKS !!! 
Having my nephew over today :) didn't get to see him much yesterday .. taking him to church , and then Plan B tonight ... maybe hair cut tomorrow ?? 
12 more days !! :D Just hanging at home today , napping later .... i'm so getting tired of school !! 
is home :( feeling like i just got beat up with baseball bats and crow bars , then run over by a semi truck :( doctors later .. 
got blood drawn .. jaimie is a big baby !! and she wasn't even the one getting blood taken !! tomorrow i find out if i have mono .. 
so i don't have mono which is really good .. but they don't know what is wrong .. which isn't good :( still waiting for the other test results .. for whatever else .. 
Okay so yesterday when the doctor called it wasn't for the mono test .. it was for my white blood cell count .. which is good :) so i still don't know if i have mono or not ... but i'm home again cause i almost passed out on the bathroom floor this morning , i got too hot real fast and real nauseous too fast , my vision got blurry too .. nothing like my black outs . :( hopefully they hurry and find out whats wrong today !!! 
Besides feeling like crap ... i tried to do some dishes , i guess being unlucky is something that has always followed me ... i had the sink full ready to rinse and as i was sticking my hand into a slender , tall glass cup , it broke .. now i have a deep cut on my right hand in one of the worse places to have a cut , the other in the middle of my left hand ... another worse place :( .. some good news !! only 9 more days ! 
Awesome news .. no mono .. but i have something else that causes the same symptoms .. which means i still feel like crap !! going shopping with mom and < PROPFEMALE > soon .. 
Snow day , like i was going today anyways .. starting a new week Monday . Still feeling like crap ... :p and i don't think i'll be going bowling Sunday with the youth .. just resting today :) 
* Sigh * 
' Cause it's nine in the afternoon And your eyes are the size of the < PROPFEMALE > You could ' cause you can so you do We're feeling so good just the way that we do When it's nine in the afternoon 
Time passes . Even when it seems impossible . Even when each tick of the second hand aches like the pulse of blood behind a bruise . It passes unevenly , in strange lurches and dragging lulls , but pass it does . Even for me . 
FIRE and Ice Some say the world will end in fire , Some say in ice . From what I've tasted of < PROPFEMALE > I hold with those who favor fire . But if it had to perish twice , I think I know enough of hate To say that for destruction ice Is also great And would suffice . ~ Robert Frost 
This week has gone by without me really conscience of it ... i can't believe i'm going to be 16 soon .. my Epiphany is that i'm brain dead .. hoping my day tomorrow will be awesome !! Friends are the best thing ( besides God ) i need in my life :) YAY < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Today is my SWEET SIXTEEN !!! :D 
Had an awesome birthday .. got to spend the evening and waking morning with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Got a few surprises last night .. it was fun :) doing nothing much today .. being lazy , napping soon !! 
Blahg .. School was-well school .. doing nothing really .. just listening to music and trying to figure out my stupid needing replaced MP3 :/ 
Had an OKAY day .. nothing exciting as usual ... Being with my puppy Thor .. he's being a nut ! 
Holding onto < PROPFEMALE > wearing thin I can't force these eyes to see the end If only time flew like a dove We could watch it fly and just keep looking up This time we're not giving up Let's make it last forever Screaming \hallelujah\ " We'll make it last forever " 
I am outside And I've been waiting for the sun And with my wide eyes I've seen worlds that don't belong My mouth is dry with words i cannot verbalize Tell me why we live like this Keep me safe inside Your arms like towers Tower over me ~ Paramore , We Are Broken ~ 
There goes my hero Watch him as he goes There goes my hero He's ordinary ~ Paramore , Hero ~ 
I'm sick ... again ! :( going to court again tomorrow for Gabby and Thursday also ... BLAHG !! 
Broke down after court .. i'm really getting tired of that place ... going back tomorrow .. hopefully i can keep it together !! Still kinda sick .. haha and i shared it with < PROPFEMALE > again .. shows how much i love her :) 
Really want my hair cut !! Blahg ! I'm still sick .. but no one would really know cause i don't make a big deal about it like < PROPFEMALE > does all the time ! Finally got my Banana Popcicles !!! :) 
Going to Titusville to hide eggs for an egg hunt . It's going to be a blast with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Happy Easter !!! Having a pretty good day so far .. not sure what all I'm doing today though .. it's nice out so maybe something out side with Thor .. 
Going to soak in some vitamin D :D 
:-[ muscle spasms 
Haven't really been on here in a while .. nothing new with me .. as always : ) just getting my new phone in the mail in a couple days !! 
Court today .. freakin sucks ! I'm achy and hurt and I hate it .. I just want to sleep forever .. I think i could handle getting that shot everyday if it made me sleep : ) 
< PROPFEMALE > and I got our visitation rights !!! Plus I got my new phone today :D So far so good 
Loving my new phone !!!!! Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > either !! 
Going to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > , Becca , < PROPFEMALE > , and Mommy !! going to be fun :) 
Just need some spasm controlers , a good cup of something cold , and a snack and i'll be good for the night :) 
I knew they gave me the shot in the wrong spot :( 
I got the foreign doctor ( not who i really wanted ) according to him i have joint pains ... wow .. no gym for me for 2 weeks .. and if i'm lucky no surgery ! 
Sigh 
Score ! I just scarred < PROPFEMALE > ! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha i can't stop laughing ! <3 
Got to see my nephew today :) tired , sore and have a migrane ! ug ! 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > :) it was awesome ! Miss her already but seeing her will come soon again . <3 
It's the weekend and I'll laugh if i want to laugh if i want to laugh if i want to ...... I haven't laughed or goofed off really at home cause everyone is so ' seriou8s ' lol so i'm going to be laugh my butt of over nothing this weekend !! 
Got invited to prom :) hopefully mom is open minded about this ... going to that movie tonight at the church with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
yes < PROPFEMALE > and I are both going to prom next saturday night :-) not sure what we are doing this weekend . 
MuSiC <3 
I'm finding my way back to your shores\ 
\ 
Where there's safety and shelter from the storms\ 
And it's here that you're waiting for me\ 
With another < PROPMALE > to ... \ 
Say that you love me always and forever\ 
Say that you love me and I know I will never\ 
Deserve all the love that you show\ 
It's the light that is guiding me home\ 
~ Guiding Me Home , Kutless 
Prom was awesome !!! I'm sore everywhere tho lol just got up . i could use that massage now ... next time they should have it outside cause it was really hot inside with no ventalation !!! 
Blahg !! i like this warm weather :) but school needs to end really fast ... people are starting to get on my nerves !! 
sigh ... just want SOMEONE to understand ONE thing in my head !!! So annoying !! these last days of school are NOT going to be fun ... :/ 
SOOOOOO HOTTT !!! 
Can't wait to get home .. so tired and sore :/ 
sigh .. not sure what we're doing this weekend .. maybe < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends .. definately want to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > :) and my tooth is getting on my nerves ... AGAIN !! 
AHHHHHHH !!!! JUST WANT TO SCREAM MY LUNGS OUT TILL I'M OUT OF BREATHE THEN FALL AND LAY THERE AND CRY TILL I FEEL BETTER :( EVERYTHING IS BUILDING UP AND MY EMOTIONS AREN'T WORKING RIGHT !!! I NEED SOME SERIOUS TIME TO MY SELF !! CAN'T TEXT SO NO HELP FROM MY SUPPORT FRIEND , SIGH .. HIGH AND CRASH RIGHT THERE .. NEED SOME MUSIC NOW . 
Don't know how long i slept .. but i feel so much better now .. might go with < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE>'s grad party . having a much better day today :D 
< PROPFEMALE>'s party was fun :) got her with a cooler full of ice .. lol .. didn't really know anyone there .. kinda awkward but it was fun . 
There goes my hero\ 
Watch him as he goes\ 
He's ordinary\ 
Don't the best of them bleed it out\ 
While the rest of them < PROPFIRST > out\ 
Truth or consequence , say it aloud\ 
Use that evidence , race it around\ 
-paramore my hero 
Going to work on my tan soon with < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPMALE > ) lol .. The flag on our pourch keeps making me think someone is here , cause it's moving and i can see it in my periferal vision ... sigh annoying !! miss you :( 
I'm going to make sure that my children don't have to share a room after they are about 12 .. this is ridiculous !! I WANT MY OWN ROOM !!! Soon ... Jaimie will be off to college .. and I'll have it to myself !! * giggles * Just hope I can wait that long .. sigh 
If i wake up and say only one more day left it helps me get up .. of course my body will hate me when tomorrow i say the same thing . 
I'm not homeless till the 31st ... dangit ! by then i'll be able to sleep outside .. what the heck lol :) need to finish my room , get things together for some parties :D and hopefully have fun this weekend ! :) 
The first time I've answered the question how are you doing ? With the answer of pretty good . In almost a whole year ... Wow . <3 
have lots to do ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is graduating today .. * secretlly cheer inside * this means she'll be going off to college soon , which means i'll have my own room !!!!!!!! WOOT WOOT !! I love you < PROPFEMALE > :D just not THAT much to live in the same room with you FOREVER !!! 
So i worked more on my room .. it's looking good :D not sure if i'm going to work more on it later though , can't wait for tomorow !!! yay !!! 
Today is the day i've been waiting for :D Can't wait to see my fam and friends !! it's going to be sooo much fun !!!! Might have < PROPFEMALE > stay the night too !!! YAY !!!! 
So exhausted from yesterday . Had a fun ' After party ' with < PROPFIRST > :) going to sleep today ! <3 
Finally got mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > to see Anchorman :) lol . Good times . Got to sleep in today !!! :D 
Finally got mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > to see Anchorman :) lol . Good times . Got to sleep in today !! :D 
so wonderful outside .. going to enjoy it !! and show mom that she thinks she's good at bad mitten and volley ball , i'm just better :P 
Mmmmmmm , FOOD !!! 
iI need everyone's number again , my phone reset so i lost everything .. email me your number ! 
Still need a few people's numbers ... home with mom today . 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s Party today !! 
Went with the rents while they fished . had fun :) brought a friend it was cool . i think i have some sun burn though . 
going to lay on my other side to even out the tan , lol . kept waking up last night :/ so i'm tired . not sure what i'm doing today . 
Just for the record the weather today is slightly sarcastic with a good < PROPMALE > of A . Indifference or B . Distinterest in what the critics say .. 
I AM EXCITED ABOUT FIRE WORKS !!! WOOOOHHHH !! 
Get your fireworks at New Beginnings Church of God on < PROPFIRST > road . THE WORKERS ARE EXCITED !!! 
feeling pretty awesome :D GO BUY FIREWORKS !!!! can't wait for our girls night with < PROPFEMALE > :) lol so funn ! 
Slept in today ... not as long as i wanted to but oh well . feeling my sunburn , maybe i'm going to lay out and evenly tan , have to keep my mind occupied :/ 
Migraine :( Feel sick :( Take it all away ... 
Sigh .. i should probably force myself to eat .. 
You know how the day will be when you have to clean up the dog puke :/ ugg . 
Have < PROPMALE > today :) 
Tired :/ 
Who knew that clear tape could take care of something that would take forever in like 5 < PROPFEMALE > . :) can't wait untill friday ! 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight :) yay ! 
Ohio tomorow then florida !! YAY !! 
With my cousins !!! YAY !!!! Going lazer tag soon :) fun weekend before the best week !! 
Home now . doing my laundry then packing for tomorow . 
FLORIDA here i come !!! 
Home from Florida . Miss it :/ but then again glad to be back :) had tons of fun !! 
Feel weird cause i have nothing to do ... miss everyone ! 
it's going to take a lil while to get the picts i took on my phone to here .. it's being dumb ! 
I need something to do !!! AHHHH !!! 
Waiting for tomorrow to do something :D 
Cause we're the 3 friends best that anyone could have , i mean the 3 best friends that anyone could have :) 
Going to go through my clothes and get rid of stuff . hopefully that'll occupy me till church tonight :) then the bon fire for those 6th graders ! yay ! 
nursery duty this morning .. yay !! :) 
Home . Not doing much of anything , want to < PROPFEMALE > out :) ? 
Hmmmmm .. what to do , what to do . 
I'm so relating to the song Be My Escape by Relient K right now .............. 
I Chime In ... 
Oh , isn't this exactly where you'd like me\ 
I'm exactly where you'd like me , you know\ 
~P.A.T.D 
HMMMM .. Guess i'm going to do some chore of some sort . Then maybe do something later tonight ? 
The whole get lost in music IS something i do , i don't just say i am . 
Movies tonight :) <3 
HAHAHAHAHA :D I love my friends :) had lots of fun tonight . <3 
Sore for some reason .. not sure why .. ug . watching the rest of Numb3rs then going outside :) 
Mr. Pickles 
I wanna live a life from a new perspective\ 
You come along because I love your face\ 
And I'll admire your expensive taste\ 
And who cares divine intervention\ 
I wanna be praised from a new perspective\ 
But leaving now would be a good idea\ 
So catch me up im getting out of here\ 
Things have changed for me , and thats okay , i feel the same :D 
Going to be homeless this weekend starting today !!! 
So tired and sore but i'm too hungry to sleep lol . 
My shoulder is being dumb again .. sigh .. Doctors soon . 
wellllllll theres the i wish thats what it is so i can get it taken care of then again i don't want surgery ... ug . 
Sigh . 
Well i just have to wait and see if my shoulder gets better . If not i'm off to a diff doctor . 
How do you motivate someone who is just not motivational ?!?!?!?! 
French toast :) <3 
Wellllll then . I guess i should work on my room ( even though < PROPFEMALE > needs to . ) I have to wait for the rents to get home to do anything .. i really need to get a job ! 
It's exhausting to try and be positive all the time . 
Had funn at the fair . I haven't been there since it was my backyard ! <3 
Thor started my morning off wonderfully , slept/cuddled with me for a little bit , then i had to run him outside ( after he went downstairs for about 20 < PROPFEMALE >.) to throw up . i knew there was a reason God wasn't letting me go back to sleep , he was letting me not clean the carpet :) now Thor is a cuddle bug cause he doesn't feel good . DON'T text me ! 
Had a good time with the grandparents :) just chillin now . 
Why do people talk about themselves in a negative way ? It's sad .. the mental health institution has a run away ..... 
That makes me nervous ... 
Interesting .... 
I am a rare species . 
Cause I see you laying next to me , with words I thought I'd never speak , awake and unafraid , asleep or dead ... 
I'm so tired of doctors not knowing whats wrong with me geez . ohhh well .. i'll get better eventually :D court today , don't think anything else is going on .. 
I HATE getting all the new and unknown sicknesses !!! Why am I a test subject ?!? How come i'm not being paid for being in PAIN !!!??? 
Squishy :) <3 
Feeling waaayyy better !! I don't think i'll be able to get mom to let me go bowling tonight with everyone .. hanging out with makenzie for a little while today :) 
Bowling was fun :D I'm feeling so much better too :) 
I finally found what i could never see before , you've always been the one that I was looking for .. <3 
Superchic[k ] is amazing .. I'm not sure what I'd do without them during times like this . 
Maybe I need some rehab , \ 
Or maybe just need some sleep\ 
I've got a sick obsession , \ 
I'm seeing it in my dreams\ 
I'm looking down every alley , \ 
I'm making those desperate calls\ 
Im staying up all night hoping , \ 
Hit my head against the walls\ 
What you've got boy is hard to find\ 
Think about it all about it all the time\ 
I'm all strung up my heart is fried\ 
I just cant get you off my mind 
And I believe this may call for a proper introduction , and well \ 
Don't you see , I'm the narrator and this is just the prologue 
I DROVE !!! :D The mower and the car :) lol i had a super fun time at < PROPFEMALE>'s and papa's . <3 
Plan B tonight ! And < PROPFEMALE > is taking pictures of me so now i see spots .... great ! 
I always needed time on my own\ 
I never thought I'd need you there when i cry\ 
And the days feel like years when I'm alone\ 
And the bed where you lie , is made up on your side\ 
When you walk away I count the steps that you take\ 
Do you see how much i need you right now ? \ 
When your gone \ 
The pieces of my heart are missing you\ 
When your gone\ 
The face that i came to know is missing too 
Take me by the hand\ 
Take me somewhere new\ 
I don't know who you are\ 
But I'm , I'm with you , oh\ 
I'm with you\ 
I'm with you 
Chill out , what you yellin ' for ? \ 
Lay back , it's all been done before\ 
And if , you could only let it be\ 
You will see\ 
I like , you the way you are\ 
When we're drivin ' in your car\ 
And you're , talkin ' to me one on one\ 
But you become\ 
Somebody else\ 
' Round everyone else\ 
Your watchin ' your back\ 
Like you can't relax\ 
You tryin ' to be cool\ 
You look like a fool to me 
I WIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm so thankful for that Delete button :) Going to church this morning . Sigh . And starting tomorrow i have to get up at 6 .. ug ! 
The best feeling ever is when you trully believe that you are beautiful inside and out :) <3 
Ah Monday morning and i finally got up at 6:40 ... at least thats a start . Ready for court this morning .. still want my french toast !! 
I am so sick of you , you're on my nerves , I want to puke !! 
Younger child : I asked mom is i was adopted and she said i wasn't . So there !! \ 
Older child : Well of course your not adopted , No one has answered the ad yet . 
Blah Blah Blah . 
To everyone who is starting school tomorrow morning like me : Have a good day !! :D and if i will be seeing you ... please please do not touch me ! I do not want millions of hugs every five seconds .. it's annoying , so to avoid all ( well almost all ) annoyances that day just don't attempt to touch me :D thanks !! 
Had a pretty good day today .. not like i expected which is always a plus ! :D It felt weird for a few classes that < PROPFEMALE > wasn't there but after a while it was fine :) The only bummer is that i don't get to see < PROPFEMALE > all day :/ only in the morning .. but in place of her i have < PROPMALE > in half my classes and he makes my day :D lol 
Well i have to walk to school .. ug .. I can't find my necklace that i wear everyday !!! Which is going to bug me and i'll probably think about ' where did i put it ? ' all day today .. i feel naked without it :/ oh well i get to look for it later . ( hint to mom and < PROPFEMALE > if you find it let me know when i get home .. thanks (: ) 
Day two down .. I don't have to worry about not knowing my combo cause i already have it memorized ( which is super ! ) the only thing now is to get my classes in order .. so far it's not too hard . Now i just have to hold my breath and wait for the school year to end .. 
last day of the first few days .... can't wait for the clocks to be 3:04 today !! 
Figures my phone would decide to be stupid today .. the site for my phone is messed up too .. hopefully for not too long ! 
My phone isn't working so don't text me till it stops being dumb . 
Phone is working today :) had a awesome lunch ! thanks again :D 
Hypocrites 
Don't feel that great :/ but i'm pushing .. as always . i hope today goes by fast though ! 
I hate school lunches ! They need to invest in having lactaid milk for those like me that don't have that 10 bucks to spend on a crapy lunch every week and forget their drinks in their locker .... i'm going to have to work on that ... 
My blood is itchy !!! 
This side up 
Well at least my day will be somewhat shorter than normal :) getting out at 12 30 for the hearing . 
hoping everything goes good .. 
And if your heart stops beating\ 
I'll be here wondering did you get what you deserve ? \ 
The ending of your life\ 
And if you get to heaven\ 
I'll be here waiting , babe\ 
Did you get what you deserve ? \ 
The end , and if your life won't wait\ 
Then your heart can't take this\ 
~ MCR 
Well they encourage your complete cooperation , \ 
Send you roses when they think you need to smile . \ 
I can't control myself because I don't know how , \ 
And they love me for it honestly , I'll be here for a while . 
I love my sister :) thank you jaimie ! <3 
Excedrin is working the best :D thanks < PROPFEMALE > !!! As long as i have that i think I'll be okay to go for the weekend . 
Awesome weekend :) I WIN !!!! <3 
I wish we had glow stick nights all the time :) the only thing i don't like about coming home is all the questions ... i'm tired ( meaning i'll be cranky ) , please wait till i decide to tell you about the weekend . thank you !!!! 
' Give me your lunch money Weaver . ' \ 
' I'm afraid i just can't do that , i'm not too sure you'll spend it on milk . ' 
I'm tuggin ' at my hair\ 
I'm pullin ' at my clothes\ 
I'm tryin ' to keep my cool\ 
I know it shows\ 
I'm staring at my feet\ 
My cheeks are turning red\ 
And I'm searching for the words inside my head\ 
' Cause I'm feeling nervous\ 
Tryin ' to be so perfect\ 
' Cause I know you're worth it , you're worth it\ 
Yeah ... 
New hair cut :D I still don't like getting up and realizing that this early i have to walk to school ... ug . i'm going down another pant size .. not good !!! 
I am outside , And I've been waiting for the sun , And with my wide eyes I've seen worlds that don't belong . My mouth is dry , with words i cannot verbalize . Tell me why we live like this . Keep me safe inside , Your arms like towers , Tower over me , yeah . ' Cause we are broken , What must we do to restore our innocence and oh , the promise we adored ? 
I love superchicÄkÑ :) <3 
And we're back to ' It's Friday!' which means very soon it'll be ' ug , Monday ' But the weekend should be fun :) Saturday will be my first lesson with the drums ! ( as long as no one ' forgets ' or anything ) 
Every time I was going to do something , they say is anyone going to do ( insert chore here ) and then i don't want to do it . Sigh ... I can't ever have ' < PROPFEMALE > time ' there is never a quiet moment in my life unless i'm sleeping .. even then it's not completely quiet enough for me . I need to go somewhere . 
Well that was fun . 
That's always the story ... Isn't it .. 
Watching the notebook .. So sad but i love it ! Going to have some coffee soon with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Trying to be positive about school ... woohh ? :D Had a decent weekend . Thanks again < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) Love all you Youth Leaders and everything you do ! 
It doesn't feel like a Monday ... Meaning this week will not go by too fast for me .. sigh .. great ! 
Mom : Who are all these people your talking about ? \ 
Me : Ummmmm ... Mom ... they've been my friends since like forever .... \ 
Mom : ohhh .. i don't remember you ever talking about them . \ 
Me : sigh .. ( in my head thats cause either a . your getting old . or b . you don't listen)\ 
ah life .. lol . going to the soccer game tonight :D text me if your going too ! 
Well last night was fun :) thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > lol . the stinky boys in the back seat with me were okay too lol ( love you < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE >!) I get to take the 4 sights tomorrow and the next day , and i can't remember if it's the next day too .. oh well . shouldn't be too bad .. though every time we do those i feel like i'm repeating myself each year . probably am but oh well . Looking forward to youth tomorrow night :) 
If anyone wants to but cookie dough let me know ! i'm selling it for French and it's a awesome deal for you and me :) i will have to date of when we'll be receiving the orders tomorrow . 
Youth tonight . YAY !! Buy some cookie dough people ! you know you need/want it ! :D 
Stupid hip ! Ug . Stretching will be happening all the time now . Yay !!! 
i only need at least 5 more orders for cookies before Monday ! that's my goal :) 
Maybe I know , somewhere deep in my soul that love never lasts and we're got to find other ways to make it alone or keep a straight face and I've always lived like this keeping a comfortable , distance and up until now i had sworn to myself that i'm content with loneliness because none of it was ever worth the risk .. 
Well .. my day was ended with a bunch of sluts . WHOOOHHH !! now i'm really excited for our school because you all know how to dance like a bunch of whores !!!! not . sigh ... thats why i never went to those pep assemblies , it's all so clear .. maybe too clear now . 
Probably going to the game tonight . Not completely sure just yet . :) It's Friday ! 
Game was fun :) i now know i'm loved and have many friends ! Yay !!! 
Well once i saw it i was thinking ' crap , i have to clean that ' then i realized what it was on and i didn't freak out cause it would be an easy clean up , plus it motivated me to clean my Florida flip flops , which i've been wanting to do , nothing like dog puke to soap those babies up ! :) relaxing then church and Plan B tonight ! :D it's going to be fun !!! 
That was funnn ! :) haha ' can you see me ? ' 
Well . I'm momi-less for a few days . Nothing < PROPMALE > . Before she left she said ' I'm going on vacation , laying on the beach ' well she will have those people who wait on her hand and foot 24/7 :) love you mom . don't stay away too long ! 
This is how you stop . Haha :) 
Yuck , Monday .. wasn't too too bad , but it was still yucky . I think we should have a class on life ... cause there are A LOT of people who could use it .. everyone ! 
:) 
:) I gave < PROPMALE > a piece of chocolate today .. and i didn't regret it :D he made me laugh ! 
Youth tonight . Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow at their new place :) YAY !! and for mom's benefit .. yes my work is done :) and it will be tomorrow too .. i will get up on time for school even if we get home late again . I LOVE YOU MOMI !! 
WOOOHHHH WEEKEND !! Probably going to stay at my brother's place tonight . not sure what else i'm doing sooooo text me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out :) 
Hanging out at my brothers . coming home later .. movie with < PROPFEMALE > maybe . ( is that better mom ? ) 
' You described the experience really good!' \ 
My response :\ 
\I would hope so !! \"" 
I woke up really early and thought that today was Monday , and then i remembered i forgot to write my second rough draft . I'm glad it's only Sunday !! 
My mind is slowly slipping ... 
Go ahead and burn it down\ 
I'm drunk and so is everyone else \ 
In this devil town\ 
They won't let me turn around\ 
To get one last look at my baby \ 
While she's still around \ 
Go ahead and build it up again This city's just cemeteries and forgotten men\ 
My only hope's to see you \ 
And even if I never do \ 
~ 30H ! 3 
Well ... I'm glad to know i'm the neglected child in the family .. way to forget your favorite daughter at school in the rain . It's a good thing < PROPMALE > was available :) thanks bro ! 
* Inhale * 
Is feeling lifeless .. 
Well my day got better :) <3 
It's Wednesday ! Half way through the week !! Bringing a friend to youth tonight . 
My friend multiplied !!! WOOOHHH !! I took two ! :) I am soooo AWESOME !! 
Today is my friday ! :) Yay !!! 
Cookie dough comes the 20th . 
They came once upon a time the kind and fairest < PROPFEMALE > ever lived in a land after all . 
Going to the parade today with < PROPFEMALE > and the kids . Church tonight and Plan B !! :) 
Plan B 
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaaaaa ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ! THAT IS NOT A REAL TOILET !! 
uh uh uh oh ! 
No Cellular Device For A Little While .. No It's Not Cause Of That ( What Ever You Are Thinking ) 
I miss Florida .. 
If I would have < PROPFIRST > Hooded the one i got all the way through the target then it would have been super epic , it's just epic right now . :D I'M AMAZING !!!!!! 
What a shame we all became such fragile , broken things a memory remains just a < PROPFEMALE > spark , I give it all my oxygen , so let the flames begin ... 
It's Friday :D YAY !! 
It probably is my fault . Thanks . 
How to approach this .... sleep !!!! 
How awkward would that be ?!? haha :D ' I'll take the doctor!!!!' 
:O RED !!! WOOOHHHHH !!! 
Mom : What are your plans for this coming weekend ? 
INBOX ONLY : Tell me something you always wanted to tell me . Just between me and you , I promise . Set this as your status and see what you get ! 
Monday ! i'm not sure why i'm so hyper !! 
I just want to move to Florida right about now . 
Have some composure \ 
Where is your posture ? \ 
Oh , no , no\ 
You're pulling the trigger \ 
Pulling the trigger \ 
All wrong 
Almost half way through the week ! I can do it !!!! 
i freaking hate the computer !!!!! i typed everything the way i wanted to the first time and now it's gone , i can't even think about it now ! 
No one sits with him , he doesn’t fit in , \ 
But we feel like we do when we make fun of him , \ 
' Cause you want to belong , do you go along ? \ 
' Cause his pain is the price paid for you to belong\ 
It’s not like you hate him or want him to die , \ 
But maybe he goes home and thinks suicide , \ 
Or he comes back to school with a gun at his side , \ 
Any kindness from you might have saved his life ... 
No , that is not me . 
Now get yo drum on\ 
Getcha , getcha drum on 
I love my nephew :D he's so cute ! such a cuddle bug :) it was a super good day today ! 
Could it be that i did have other plans for my money ? why yes i did ! too bad i don't matter that much to everyone . ohh well . 
I love music !! 
Probably going to have a concussion now thanks to Thor .. my head hurts so bad now :( it's one way to really wake up ! 
' You can't make whip cream unless you whip the cows first ' haha :) that was the best saying of the day !! 
I CAN do this !! 
Tokyo Spa !! 
Pretty fun night . ( would've been better with my friends .. ) but it was fun to see the kids run :) < PROPMALE > was so adorable !!! 
Laundry , Food , Babysitting , and I will make it a fun day ! ( At least I will try ) 
I hope today will be a relax day ! 
I hate it when i get up late :( <3 
I really dislike it when immature kids think they're cool by yelling out sexual terms in public . Cause if your behind them and they stop short to laugh at their stupidity twenty million times you just want to throw them off of that bridge you are walking on . 
Cold ! <3 
Goodnight :) 
Headache :( i wish we were in Florida ! 
Packing tonight ! 
WOOOOHHH !! 
Well this weekend was pretty awesome ! :) simmer ! <3 
Well maybe i should have got that < PROPFEMALE>'s next top model shirt .. 
Well that pit of hell that we like to kid ourselves into calling a school wasn't too bad today . 
You know you wanna just let go , it's time to roll down the windows and sing it oh , oh yeah , all we need , so here we go . turn it up , it's five minutes to midnight , you're coming home with me tonight , I can't get enough . shakin ' me up , turn it up . alright , five minutes to midnight . you'll see our names in city lights . we'll make the clock stop , make your heart drop and come alive . 
I need to start to be myself\ 
Cause I'm sick of everybody else 
Who wants to occupy my life for the next few hours or so ?! 
well .... thor started my weekend with something lovely for me to clean up . its okat though i love him : ) hope i get my tiredness figured out soon !!! im tired of being tired !! 
Oh Thor .. where are those good manors you know ?!? Use them !! PLEASE !! 
Naps :) 
Whose amazing at school and gets As and Bs on their report card ? this girl !! :) 
This is taking forever !!! 
' It doesn't just get under your skin . It crawls there , nests , and raises its head with a bitter tug , as if It's living within you . ' - < PROPMALE > Meltzer 
I'm tired of not being able to get in trouble at school cause there would be a few people hurting right now . 
That's cool .... 
I've been here before a few times , and i'm quite aware we're dying ... 
Hayden : Rawwwr ! Grrawrrr ! Me : Good morning to you too sir . 
Figures . I get everything ! Sigh .. feeling slightly better though . 
Playing the delete people i don't talk to and who aren't that important to deserve a spot in my phone game ! :) i love getting rid of crap i don't need in my life ! 
Mostly tired today . Lots of naps and cartoon watching . 
Blah :( 
only just starting to understand .. 
:( nightmears at 4 this morning . Super bad night .. doctors today . 
Love those viruses !! NOT !! :/ sick with momi so it's not < PROPFEMALE > bad . 
School tomorrow , still not feeling the best but oh well . 
Eh . 
Oh how strange and weird my family is hahahaha ! And now the pizza guy knows just how strange and weird we really are ! 
Why am I always so cold !?! 
Did < PROPFEMALE>'s hair , she said she was nervous and I told her i was too lol . She's doing mine later tonight . And I'm even more nervous .. 
Snow day , Thor and I slept in :) till the phone calls from mom and < PROPFEMALE > weren't stopping !!! 
Now to watch That 70's Show :) 
Should i go to youth tonight ? hmmm ... i agree with < PROPFEMALE > as well , we both need a car . 
Pink :) ah she makes me feel awesome inside lol 
Your original , cannot be replaced .. 
I am not happy I have tried for the longest time to pretend , to the best of my ability , that i'm so happy and bubbly and WOOH !! But I'm really not and i haven't for over a year i'm so numb from my body and feelings I'm seriously like a zombie . So if i have ofended anyone by not seeming like i care or not listening or anything . I'm sorry . I do try it just isn't working as good anymore . 
Feeling better inside today . :) 
Home . Blah on school ! How am i doing so good in it ?!? 
* sigh * 
Reality of me is just sinking into my brain . I'm hopeless for any human contact or relationship :( 
Sore . 
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahhahahahahahahahahahhahahaaaa ... no . 
Blacking out in the dark isn't the most smartest/best thing ever ... plus things get knocked over , but nothing got broke ! 
I hope this week goes by super duper fast !! I hate the cold :( 
At my brother's . Staying for a few days since this snow likes to be CrAzY !! 
We're in a snow globe !!! 
haha :D it's always so much fun here !!!!!!! WOOH !!! 
I really loath my school . 
Home . I hurt :( Not sure about tonight yet , youth or hospital . 
Well i don't really feel like doing anything . So it's okay . 
I'm so ready for the weekend !! 
It's Friday !!!!!!!!!! 
Figures !! 
My phone is back on .. text , call whatever . 
Like i'm the only girl in the world ... 
That makes me so mad . 
Busy day . 
Home :) Hopefully for a while . 
Good day :) but it was long . Now time for some < PROPMALE > sleeping ! 
I want a dragon ! :) 
Blah , feel like crap , look like crap , it's going to be a crapy day . 
Want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world , Like i'm the only one that you'll ever love , Like i'm the only one who knows your hear , Only girl in the world .. 
Last day of school for me !!! :) i'm so excited ! < PROPMALE>'s birthday party tonight then i'm going home . Super exciting ! 
My mom just said i can date !!! ( Under a few million conditions ) 
Cooking and cleaning with momi today :) quality bonding ! 
Am I the favored test subject or something ?! 
Someone needs to swallow their huge elephant sized pride and stop being such a hypocrite before someone gets killed .. just saying .. it could have really killed someone . 
Church service tonight .. And tomorrow contains fun , stress , annoyances , fun , movies , games , eating , fun , headaches , more eating , oh and did i mention fun ? I hope :D 
Good day :D 
Good times lol , did you know that the dryer makes things hot ?!? I learn something new everyday :) 
Waking up in the middle of the night with a bloody nose is always awesomely fun ! NOT ! 
This always happens to me .. sigh .. well in about 8 hours , if my phone isn't working .. I'll need everyone's number again !! 
Well I don't want to say I don't care cause then I would feel like I made you very upset , But I wouldn't be lying then now would I ? 
only a few more hours .. in the mean while i'm watching the kiddies tonight and tomorrow morning . 
Got real hot and nausious all the sudden .. I hope I don't get sick :( 
Stupid phone !! Wait .. I didn't mean it .. please work ! 
No phone . Start emailing me your < PROPFIRST > ! 
Of course it decides to work at the last minute when i was going to replace it . 
Oh my . 
Inception baby ! 
Oh how I wish the animated pictures could still be animated as your profile picture :) 
I'm thinking , I'm thinking ... Wait .. I can think ?!? 
Ug . School :( i hope today goes by fast ! 
I feel like i'm having a mini episode of mono . 
So cold ! 
You never seemed so dense love .. 
Raise your glass üP ! NK :) 
Woke up late . Figures , I don't feel that great today :/ 
Doctors today . 
Sigh .. I don't know if today was too short or too long . At least tomorrow is Wednesday .. Almost there weekend .. Al-mos t-t here !! 
No strep but i'm definitely losing my voice !! And i'm happy about it !! Now i have a really good reason to not talk ! :D 
Well today was a HUGE blurrrrr ! I don't remember anything I did today honestly . Or what anyone said to me . I'm having some problems with my attention span today . Not sure if i'm going to youth tonight .. I might just sleep my life away .... 
' Got my name on my underwear ' :) 
I want to go DANCE !!!! :D 
And that vicious circle begins once again .. as long as I come out on the other side in one piece , have at it !! 
I hate it when my boot eats my socks ! 
Borderline gay ! 
Pitbull playin in the snow :) so cute ! 
Not going anywhere tonight or tomorow ! Which means < PROPFEMALE > can dye my hair ! :) 
Tired of school . 
Only 53 more days till a Special day . Then one more year after that for the Super Special day !! 
I can't see anything because i'm closing my eyes ! 
I am officially a chocolate < PROPFEMALE > top :) 
Realizing how strong i really am inside . My life could be so much more broken than it is . I'm proud of myself :) 
Well ... okay then .. i'll wait another 12 hours or so to see if it's still swollen . And when it is i better get the best care ever ! 
I'm off to see the doctors , wonderful doctors of meadville .... I hope they'll be wonderful . 
X-rays soon . 
That had to be the most quickest trip in and out of the doctor's and the hospital .. I'm impressed . 
It's going to be an interesting weekend . 
Super Awesome Weekend ! Probably going to get blood work done tomorrow . WOOH ! not really something i'm looking forward too . 
I was gone for 4 days and three nights and I already have about 50 notifications ! My goodness :) 
Cable ! What ever did we do without you ?! 
Thinking it all over again . 
Staying home , having nightmeres , watching Animal Cops and Teen Mom while ignoring my lovely foot pain .. It's not a really fun time . 
So much my brain wants to do but all my body wants to do is sleep , probably cause i really need it . 
Definition of dream : a series of thoughts , images , and sensations occurring in a person's mind during sleep . 
Snuggled with the pit-bull today :) he really missed me . 
So i'm thinking someone should definitely save me from the boring day of tomorrow .. I don't do football craziness and i don't want to be stuck here while it goes on ! 
Mid-Night shower ! 
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah ........................... BLAH ! 
Like a Blizzard ... 
Things are shaping up to be pretty odd ... 
Head under water and they tell me\ 
To breathe easy for awhile\ 
The breathing gets harder even i know that 
Due to the fact that my brain isn't retaining anymore new information , I cannot take anymore tests or do anymore homework .. I wish that was an excuse that would work .. Too bad only the first part is true . I'm so complicating ! 
Watch your mouth because your speech is slurred enough\ 
That you just might swallow your tongue\ 
- P.A.T.D. 
It makes sense if you don't think about it .. 
Going to try and make this a good day ! :D 
Today wasn't too bad :) Could get better though . 
Thinking about that offer of home schooling .. The pros and cons are pretty even though .. I need some fun time this weekend ! Anyone care to help ? 
I'm trying to let you hear me as I am .. 
Finally ! It's Friday ! 
I am one to suffer in silence .. 
Watched Scrubs today , haha :) Then I did my homework while Zombies ate some flesh .. it was a pretty interesting day . 
I hope tonight will be dreamless ! 
I can't feel my legs ! 
I need to find that place where it's just me and you once again ... 
My room is like the Arctic Tundra !!! And I want a circle in my basement .. life would be so much better with that . 
It's all in the \Blue Steel\ " haha :) " 
Confused Losers haha :) 
Lets hope today goes by super fast . I am not feeling that great :( 
Should i go to the dance tonight ?? Who is going ?? 
I learned the hard way that they all say things you want to hear .... Love Song-Sara Bareilles .... By far my favorite song for now :) 
My neck hurts alot , cause my brain is so big Hahahahaha 
Life is always going to throw obstacles in your way . What life doesn't know is God has trained us to get through those obstacles with ease , and the pain will subside as long as we have his guidance . 
Had fun today :) 
I am so looking forward to the weekend ! 
I hope today will go by fast ... My tummy isn't being very nice to me again . 
Im falling on my knees , giving all of me , Jesus your all this heart is living for ..... youth was amazing ! :) can't believe i missed < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > last year :p 
I'm so tired of waking up so early :p I need my sleep ! 
Tomorrow is Friday ! WOOT WOOT ! 
No school , Im so glad that the crapy weather is giving everyone crapy attitudes . 
I hope tomorrow is better than today was .. 
Up way too early on a Saturday morning ... i hope its going to be a good day anyways . 
Needing someone to hangout with .. 
No church tonight .. body gaurding < PROPFEMALE > tonight .. or stalking her , which ever way you wanna say it .. plaza lanes 9-11 tonight .. hit us up !! 
Got to see i am number four last night after the black light bowling :) was pretty fun with someone that had a concussion Haha . 
This weekend wasnt too bad . Next weekend needs to be even better ! Wanna know why ? Cause itll be my birthday !!!!!! 
Your tears don't fall .. they crash around me .. 
Not feeling that great today .. im hoping itll go by real fast .. 
If this is going to become a tradition of me getting sick on my birthday i am seriously going to stab someone in the jugular .. i hope i am feeling good by then . 
Birthday stuff this weekend .. I'm getting dragged to things for my birthday .. but it should be fun :) or i WILL make it fun somehow ! 
Had a pretty good birthday :) thanks for all the birthday wishes !!! 
Hmmmmmm .......... 
I hate this feeling .. and nothing is working anymore ): 
Thats was weird ... oh well youth tonight ... then its going to be a sleeping mania for the next 4 days . 
Its a super good thing that i figured out that life is hard and crazy or i would be sooooooo over my head with this :p 
< PROPMALE > is a good speaker (: he made youth fun ! Good Job < PROPMALE > ! 
If I could just isolate myself from the world and everyone and everything and live in a beach house on a far away island for a few months or so with supplies i need I would soooooo do that just to get myself back .... from myself ... I would also live in a glass house in the middle of no where .. IF ONLY I HAD THE RESOURCES !! 
Dear God , \ 
Please keep everyone safe that will have tsunamis and that had the earthquake . \ 
Yours forever , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > <3 
Next time you point a finger i'll point you to the mirror .... 
Movies tonight then to concussion boy's house till 11ish ! WOOH ! Text me :D 
Church tonight .. then idk what .. 
If this weekend gets anymore intense i might just go into an adrenaline comatose .. 
Im ready for the warm < PROPFEMALE > weather !! 
My favorite quotes of the day come from < PROPFEMALE > Proverb (: 
if you think im\ 
cool , like this . :D \ 
if you think im a good friend , \ 
comment . ( :\ 
if you have ever liked me , poke\ 
me . :D ( I won't tell ! )\ 
if you like me now , inbox or text\ 
me a heart ? (: ( I won't tell ! )\ 
if you're brave , make it your\ 
status (: 
I learn so many new things everyday .. Blahhh school tomorrow .. just going to make my body go through the day .. Purity weekend coming up ! 
Hanging with < PROPMALE > (: its been a good day so far . 
Hanging out with < PROPMALE > today :) 
Today was awesome with Bud :) im looking forward to more days like this ! 
Kinda excited for today .. to go by fast (: 
Had a pretty good day today (: 
Had a good day ! I am so pumped for this weekend ! Wooh ! 
On my way to Ohio and Makenzie is driving ! (: text me ! 
Going home soon . I hope i get back In time to see < PROPMALE > before tomorrow . 
Akron ! (: hello auntie and uncle and cousins ! 
Hanging out with the boy today :) 
Had a good day (: can't wait till next weekend ! 
Feel a lil crazy Haha (: had a good day even though it got a little bad . 
Today is one of those i feel like crap days . Wooh ! 
Yesterday and today can be bad days since my hair was amazing (: 
Tomorrow is Friday ! 
Its Friday ! Wooh ! 
Hanging out with < PROPMALE > soon :) 
Having a good weekend :) Get to see < PROPMALE > soon ! 
Only 12 more days ! 
Had a pretty okay day . < PROPFEMALE > saved me from the rain (: thanks again ! 
Call me over and tell me how\ 
Well , you got so far and never\ 
making a single sound\ 
I'm not used to it but I can learn\ 
It's nothing to it , I've never been\ 
happier\ 
Never been happier\ 
No one is as lucky as us\ 
We're not at the end but , oh , we\ 
already won\ 
Oh , no , no one is as lucky as us\ 
Is as lucky as us 
I feel like there are some things all the air fresheners in the world do not cover up ...... 
Gloomy weather :P where is my sunshine !? 
Finishing up the rest of my homework then going to try and get to sleep . I need to start waking up earlier than i am so Im not late when i have to walk :P 
There's my sunshine (: 
Such a fun night (: HAHA 
Its Friday ! :) i Cant wait to see muh man ! 
Laundry then hanging out with < PROPMALE > :) 
Its amazing how a random thing will ruin your entire night . I knew today was too good . I think someone should just take a chill pill and realize Whats up with their self before they say anything . 
Today should be a good day . 
Had a good weekend (: only 5 more days ! Wooh ! 
I Dont want to get up . Ug . 
Not too bad of a day . Babysitting my nephew now . 
Wednesday and it still kinda feels like Monday .. What the heck ! 
Ahhhhhh I have to present first tomorrow ! I dislike presenting anything to anyone . Oh well itll be out of the way quick .. i hope . 
Today Wasnt too bad . There was an almost fight .. amateurs .. sigh i have to present tomorrow instead .. not looking forward to it . 
Just about everytime i leave the house i forget something .. well at least ill remember to do it when i get home . 
Going to erie to pick me up some < PROPMALE > (: 
Failure is a blessing in disguise . 
Pretty good day . It kinda worries me that our bathroom soap keeps changing colors ... lol 
I hope today goes by fast .. 
Mmm friday ... and i got to sleep in some . i just wish my body would sleep more :p 
Got a new bed and Thor loves it .. going to meet < PROPMALE>'s family ! Should be fun (: 
You know its Monday morning when you come downstairs and see that everyone has shunned the puppy from their beds to get a good night sleep .. poor Thor . 
Oh my humidity ! If i wanted to breathe in water i would have stuck my face in the sink , turned the water on and inhaled . 
Such a nice day and i cant even spend it with him :p what the heck ! 
Wont have a phone for at least 4 days .. dumb company stealin my money ! Contact me on here if you need to . 
Welllll never mind then .. that was quick .. either the account was being super slow or they fixed it for me really quick .. my phone is working again !! 
I love the sunshine ! :) 
Had a really good day (: with < PROPMALE > and the rest of the crew . 
Hanging out with my boy toy today (: 
:) not too bad of a Monday ... thats super rare ! 
Tired of stupid neighbors .. even though i think it would be hillarious to see < PROPFEMALE > tell them off haha ! 
Nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom 
You built up a world of magic because your real life is tragic ... 
Its friday ! Dr. Apt this morning then school then babysitting then hangingout with < PROPMALE > (: 
went to the doctors today . I sprained the muscles in my shoulder blade and i have to wear a sling for like a week plus do phyical therapy . Ug . Not suppose to use my right arm too much either .. sucks ! 
shopping today ! At least i hope so . 
