Just sitten round being bored as usual wit nothin to do 

Going to bed I think Im finally so tired my mind might actually let me sleep 
Bored outta my mind playin these stupid online games tryin to maintain some sanity .... 
Glad to see Fall has arrived its a little cold down here but I'm loving the Tennessee weather ... 
Cant believe this month is finally over ... for the fourth year in a row ... somebody \wake me up when September ends . \"" 
4 out of 5 doctors recommend a full serving of < PROPFIRST > as part of a balanced breakfast .... 
Watching my colts move up to 4-0 as they smack Seattle around ..... 
Justin : recomended by gynecologists everywhere ... 
I have an english bull dog a mafia 3 farms a restaurant an online apartment and now i own a theme park gee my life is so great if only it were all real and I wasn't just some unemployed looser ..... 
Proud to be a Hoosier livin in a land of \Trampled Titans \"" 
Back in the ' boro after 1730 < PROPMALE > of roadtrip fun and excitment ... got to go home to Indiana , travel to Michigan , Chicago , Milwaukee and the Indianapolis and Dayton then home .... Glad to go but happy to be back .... 
Come on people there is over 500 photos to choose from I would hope at least one person would comment on my amazing road trip ..... 
Running from my past only to find a future full of walls 
Bored outta my mind waitin for 7:30 so I can go to Applebee's ... mmmmm bacon burger ... 
Sitting at home totaly bored , wondering ; where all the people be on this freezing Friday ? 
Possible inch of accumulating snow overnight into midday tomorrow .....? WTF I thought I left Ohio and Indiana 
Its so cold I haven't smoked a cig in four hours cause I dont feel like going outside and freezing my arse off ... I thought I was in Tennessee screw this Indiana weather I'm in the hills . 
Tired as heck ... ready to lay down and call it a night ... 
Muncie : Current Temperature- ( 11 Degrees ) Winds ( 18mph ) Real Feel Temp (-12 ) .... hahaha suckers ... :-) 
Finally found a job ... start work tomorrow , congrats to me ! 
Got the room cleaned now I just got the bathroom and then gotta get ready for work ... yay another 8 hours of being hospitable , oh joy ! lol ... 
I thought I heard < PROPFEMALE > downstairs , but then I heard fox news and remembered < PROPFEMALE>'s a liberal . Must just be that dad is up early ... 
Oh the weather outside is frightful ... and too cold to be Tennessee ... 
My ancestor , Capt . < PROPFIRST > Leeds , 149 yrs ago today , commanded a company as part of Hazens Brigade . Leeds men stood their ground at Little Round < PROPMALE > ~ LRF and held off steady Rebel attacks preserving the integrity of the Union line . LRF was the decisive moment that the Union was able to regain their footing and advance upon the Rebel line . 149 yrs ago today . Remember from what we've come , imagine where we'll go . 
What lies behind us , and what lies before us , are < PROPFEMALE > matters compared to what lies within us . ~ O.W. Holmes 
your tongue is a rudder , it steers the whole ship . It sends your words past you lips and keeps them safe behind your teeth . The wrong words will strand you , come off course and sweep your boat out to sea , or you'll wash up smashed into bits on the reef . 
Just sitten here at work wonder if anyone is gonna come relieve me ..... 
Got a new number today yall ... if you dont have it message me on here so I can get it to ya .... 
I had lunch with a stuffed animal riding a motorcycle because I'm sexy and I do what I want .... 
4 out of 5 specialists recommend at least three full servings of < PROPFIRST > per day .... 
Love is found by those who are lucky and kept by those who are brave 
My heart wrenches when I see the pictures of Haiti . It reminds me of destruction I saw in Iraq . I am left sitting here wondering what on earth can I do or have I done to make the world a better place for someone else . So much pain in this world and so little we can do to end it . I pray that some day everyone in the world will know the security and possibilities that are a birth-right here in our country ... 
Why can't I live my life at my pace , I'm so tired of everyone trying to push me into things I'm not ready for ... I just wanna live my life at my pace ... 
I'm so tired of this job .... I'm going job hunting today maybe I'll get lucky and find a job where they'll show appreciation for my abilities through compensation and not just a congratulations .... Mc D's pays more on the hour than this Hell hole ... 
Sitten here in Indiana , just woke up bout to start another adventurous day , back in this hell-hole i once called home .... 
Sittin here bored watchin TV and waitin for < PROPMALE > to get off work .... Hope today is another good one it's beautiful out here 
Volunteering at Stones River Battlefield helping to build a fence and clean up from the tornado in honor of National Park Day 
Got a lot accomplished today ... ready for bed tiring my eyes on the computer ... 
Ah its beautiful , 84 degrees , with a high < PROPMALE > of thunderstorms and tornadoes in the next 24 hours ... but i've got a nephew on the way so the world is in alignment ... 
There's a hurricane at the mall . . . 
Yay finally back to work today .... can't wait now if the other job would get back to me I'll have 2 new jobs .... 
Too bad the < PROPMALE>'s Ark discovery last week was a hoax ... we could really use that big ol ' boat here in TN right now .... 
On campus waitin for < PROPMALE > to finish his last final . . . 
Great minds discuss ideas , average minds discuss events , and small minds discuss people .... What ... or who ... are you discussing today ? 
Bored at work hopin it stays slow so i can get outta here .... Can't wait to get home and see < PROPMALE > .... 
Readin the headlines , bout to get in the shower ... work at 3 ; off at 11 ... then < PROPFIRST > Kart and bed , ahhh what a routine ... 
If you're looking for some insight into the nature of my character , don't ask me what my astrological sign is . Talk to the Easter < PROPFEMALE > , he has the real inside track on me . 
Little bastard high schoolers stealing my cigs off the front porch .... today i may be the statue but tomorrow i will be the pigeon ..... 
If I don't succeed the first time .... remove all evidence that you ever tried at all ... :-) 
Ah finally payday is here ... I can never figure it out ... do they spread my checks so far apart so that I go broke or so that they don't ? 
Are you lookin for love with someone .... better check your pride at the door . It's a lesson you dont wanna learn the hard way . 
I like turkey ! 
So sick .... can barely breath ... chest tight ... phlegm ... 
Ok i gave in and went to the doc ... yeah I know crazy ... Upper Respiratory Infection ... fun ... temp of 101 and orange phlegm ... I guess it was time to stop being stubborn ... 
I'm sick wanna swap germs ? 
Who are you calling a cootie < PROPFEMALE > ? You LINT LICKER ! 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh bout to off work and at home finally after 8 hours of standing ...... can't wait to sit down with < PROPMALE > and my friend Nimbo the preying mantis .... 
Work ... Home ... Sleep >>> Rinse and repeat if necessary . 
Why don't dogs have pubic hair ? 
Long day ... my arm hurts from answering so many calls ... that sounds pathetic but it really does .... gonna go home and chillax ... call it a day and the repeat the process tomorrow 
Wishing this phone would stop ringing for 5 mins so I can go smoke ... I'm getting a work out trying to manage all these calls .... If i have to take one more reservation I'm gonna blow the phone into smithereens . 
I'm so tired of the same ol ' shit constantly getting me down .... just want one day where things don't get messed up ...... 
Another day without another dollar .... will he go broke ... can he afford his cigs .... Will he ever get < PROPMALE > .... stay tuned for the next installment of < PROPFIRST>'s paycheck . 
I get paid in 6 days ... I have $7.25 to my name .... a 1/2 tank of gas and 3/4 pack of smokes .... will I make it .... stay tuned to find out on the nest episode of \BROKE WHITE GUY \"" 
Work @ 3 ( payday in T minus 104 hours and counting ) 
Just ended famine in Africa , brought peace to the Middle East , eradicated AIDS , ended the drug trade , stopped all human trafficking , and absolved all poverty .... Now that the human race has been wiped off the Earth is there anything else I should accomplish today ? 
I can sell you a haircut and then sell you back the hair I just cut off .... man I love my job ! 
Finally got the GI < PROPMALE > worked out ... ( Chaoter 33 here I come ) damn bureaucracy , school is taken care of ..... and got Comcast to finally fix their BS ($95 credit .. thank you ) .... and now we eat ... what a day my arm is sore from holding the phone ..... 
If you don't know where you are going , any road will get you there . 
Let's play some .... boulder , parchment , sickle ! 
Two days ... 24 hours of work ... wrapping it up and calling it a day in 15 mins ..... back for 8 more tomorrow then done till Saturday .... whew what a week ....... 
So it's 2:15 am and the Night Audit is done ... wait an hour start b-fast .... then wait 3 more hours and go home .... this night has gone from boring .... to completely dead .... 
Counting down : 1 hr 40 mins to 2 days off :-) 
I do not like the cone of shame . 
is at work ... working ... 
Ready for 11 o'clock ....... 
Nothing in life is a mistake .... those events are called lessons . 
Today is National Hunger Day and I thought I would make you aware that I'm Hungry !!! 
I heard the winds were blowin in Muncie .... hope everyone is okay ..... 
Payday in ( T ) minus 97.75 Hours ----- wooo less than 100 hours of being broke left to go .... 
To find yourself just look inside the wreckage of your past ...... 
The act has become the < PROPMALE > of growing up ... 
Gonna take in the night air on the porch ... then watch some tv and go to bed ... 
One step backward in life is better than a thousand steps forward that aren't your own ... 
Love is pressure but pressure makes diamonds . . . 
Although I may not b able 2 prevent the worst from happening , I'm responsible for my attitude toward the inevitable misfortunes that darken life . Bad things do happen ; how I respond 2 them defines my character and quality of life . I can choose 2 sit in perpetual sadness , immobilized by the gravity of my loss , or I can choose 2 rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have ; life itself . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
\In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life . IT GOES ON . \ " ~ Frost " 
Standards set and broken all the time , control the chaos behind a gun . I call it as I see it , even if i were born blind , deaf and dumb . Losers winning big on the lottery , rehab rejects still sniffing glue . Constant refutation with myself , I'm a victim of catch 22 . 
Shower then out . . . It gonna be a good night . 
Found an old friend last night ... danced out all the bad vibes ... and I'm lookin forward to a brand new day ... 
So many events in life traumatize our spirit and drive to continue , it is in these times we must remember what we have made it through already , and focus on the lessons that we will learn from each experience life brings . 
Wow !!!!!!!!! Forgot what that was like .... 
Sun-kissed skin so hot she'll melt your popsicle ... 
Wow I never new work could look so familiar being back 8 hours after I left ..... 
Life is always foggy till you look into your past ..... 
It's time to forget about the past , to wash away what happened last . Hiding behind an empty face , plagued with desperation building higher . I must remember life is just a game . 
Adopt the pace of nature : her secret is < PROPFEMALE > . ~ < PROPMALE > 
Our ideals of freedom , set forth and realized in our Constitution , are our greatest export to the world . ~ < PROPFIRST > Byrd 11/20/17 - 06/28/10 
Oh squiggly line in my eye fluid . \ 
I see you lurking there on the periphery of my vision . \ 
But when I try to look at you , you scurry away . \ 
Are you shy , squiggly line ? \ 
Why only when I ignore you , do you return to the center of my eye ? \ 
Oh , squiggly line , \ 
it's alright , you are forgiven . 
I want the world to know .............. 
You never say hey or remember my name , it's probably cuz you think your cooler than me ..... 
Going to The < PROPFEMALE > Battlefield near < PROPFEMALE > , TN tomorrow and Shakespeare's Macbeth at the Outdoor Shakespeare Fest in < PROPFEMALE > Buckle tomorrow night with < PROPMALE > Lambert & < PROPFIRST > Daignault and I promise to call < PROPFEMALE > Whited on Friday .... -Love you Mom . Thinking about you < PROPFEMALE > Egbers ... 
Playing in the the mighty muddy Mississippi at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in Memphis and eating ice cream at the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > General Store . . . 
Last day off ... haircut , groceries , laundry ; should have started my day sooner ... note to self ... don't forget to call mom ; toilet paper . 
Why do wisdom teeth hurt just as much as gaining wisdom sometimes does ..... 
Have I ever told you how much I hate Saturdays at the hotel ..... 
Happy that Sunday's always prove to be a slow recovery day at the hotel ... Thankfully today was not a reapeat of last night .... 
So ..... yeah def not happy about work yesterday ... Trying to find some common ground to rationalize some mistakes that others made which left me hanging , but I'll bounce back ... I always do . 
Back at work for the regular 8 hour monotony .. sold out ... again ... three str8 weeks ... it's gonna break me in half people .... thankfully im off wed , thur and fri .... then biz should go back to normal .... 
Just hopped on Tripadvisor.com and searched our hotel and found my name in two posts and it made me smile .... must be doing somethin right ... :-) 
Soooooooooooo freakin hot outside ..... 
Just signed the paperwork for the new apartment with < PROPMALE > Lambert . If all goes well I'll be signing a lease and movin at the end of August .... Yay us ! 
Had three really good conversations today with three old friends . Always makes me feel good to see how times and people have changed , some for the better , and more intriguingly ; some for the worst .... 
For those of you who need a part time job , we are going to have an opening at work for the Night Auditor , it's prolly 2 or 3 nights a week , but if your good we might can use you to fill other spots ... hit me up and I'll give you the details ...... 
There's a place downtown where the freaks all come around , it's a hole-in-the-wall , it's a dirty free for all .... There's a place I know , if your lookin for a show , where they go hardcore and there's glitter on the floor .... ( Leave it to Ke$ha ) 
I need another story , something to get off my chest . My life gets kinda boring , need something I can confess . till all my sleeves are stained red from all the truth that I've said .... Sick of all the insincere , I'm gonna give all my secrets away . 
A lady today told me I'm a racist because i multi-tasked and helped a white girl while helping her ... doesn't she realize how racist she is for thinking that that's why I helped them both at the same time ...... I'm so ready to be in Florida : Lord get me through one more day ......... 
Made it through atlanta in fifteen minutes . . . Someone loves me . . . . Only am hour to Macon . . . 
Wow even the dishsoap is orange is that intentional too . . . @ < PROPFEMALE > Greggory : No , I just like that scent . . . . 
Touring < PROPMALE > Robins < PROPFEMALE > . . . Beautiful but hot . . . 
Relationships are like making pancakes . . . The first one never works out . . . The second one is good practice at getting it right and if you don't have it by third one your just gonna burn them all . 
Eta jacksonville , florida : 3 1/2 hours ! 
Good ol ' < PROPMALE > Top .......... Back home again in ........... Tennessee . 
Work today , off tomorrow , Vol-State on thurs , and the vet on Friday .... Then back to work ... Ahhh the world just keeps on spinning ... 11 days to a 1/4 century 
Just a couple hours to go ... can't wait to be off though I have 3 more days of fun hotelness to make it through .... 
On August 14th , 25 years ago , in the wee hours of the morning , at 1:58 am Central Time ( Indiana didn't change times back then ) ... My mother gave me life and courageously pushed me out into world where she has continued to push me along all 25 of those years .... each and every day for 9,131 days .... Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Whited !!!!!! 
Thanks to everyone who sent me good wishes yesterday .... I had an amazing birthday ! ( after I left work that is ... ) Those who remembered shall be remembered and those who forgot shall be forgotten .... Ok not really but shame on you for forgetting .... 
Sometimes when life gets us down , when our job rips at our very will to continue working at all and it seems like all we have is lost ... Light shines through and the moments and people who matter in your life remind that life still is the very best give one could have ...... 
Out at 11 back at 7 , just another day at the Baymont .... or is it .... 
Hiking yesterday , work today-tuesday , take the keys to the apt thurs , and move friday .... whenever will i start packing ..... 
Sitting at work praying this clock begins to tick faster ..... 
Oh tech support how do I hate having to sit on a phone and wait on thee , why must you take forever to do what the last person did yesterday .... well small victory .... this guy speaks clear and concise english .... 
6 days straight closing it out with a 16 hour split shift ... then I get to go home and pack .... ready for this week to pass ..... 
I'm an uncle :) 
Moving monday and tuesday class starts wednesday ... hopefully the week will slow down by thursday .... 
Ok I'm seriously just about done moving ... I can't even begin to estimate how soon I will be able to freely move around the new place .... I'm such a hoarder .... not like those cray cray people .... I keep my hoarding organized :-) ... just not right now . 
Homework for my classes , gonna do as much as I can without books ... hopefully I get my financial aid soon . 
3p-11p , 7a-11p , 7a-5p .... 34 hours of work in 50 hours of life ..... Still gotta get in 34 more on top of this by next Sunday ... plus class .... I like to think I work so I can live but at this point I'm living to work .... 
Capping off a long week with a wonderful night at work ... joy ! 
The Ace of Spades .... 
Work tonight , work tomorrow , work mon , tues work , am I living to work or working to live .... ? 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOO Manning ! Peyton that is .... :-) ( Sorry Titans , you just can't take the Blue out of my blood no matter how far I am from Indiana ) 
Looking forward to a full day off tomorrow ... Gonna see Ms. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and relax and catch up on some housework and some homework ... 
Workin through the night ... I'll be seeing < PROPMALE > Lambert and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > at 7:15 am with McDonald's ... Oh how I wish this night will go by quick the last 8 hours of work have been at a snails pace ..... 
10 Hours down 6 to go ........ 
Workin till 5 then home and possibly over to see < PROPFIRST > Daignault with < PROPMALE > Lambert to eat some spaghetti ... Should be a good night .... then up by 11 to get < PROPFIRST > Whited to the Greyhound Station in Nashville .... then class at 6 .... 
Why is everything at work today making a valliant effort to disprove my horoscope , it said today would be a day to catch up and refresh after a hard month .... I'm callin BS 
Private Eyes : They're watching you ! PRIIIIVATE EYEEEES There watching you watching you watching you .....!!!!!! 
Alright it's the home stretch only have to get two weeks worth of homework and 56 hours of work in before Thursday at 3 ...... TEXAS HERE I COME !!!!! 
Texas in T minus 4 Days 17 Hours 30 Mins ( If Traffic Is Good ) 
Ah it must be arkansas cause I can smell the rednecks in little rock getting closer 
Just made it to Little Rock . . . halfway through the state . . . and I have already decided that these Arkansans can't drive worth $# ! + 
The stars at night are big and bright deep in the heart of Texas . . . . Well it's not night so I can't see the stars and i'm not really deep in the heart . . . But still I'M IN TEXAS 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > for your flashing message boards they have really helped me through these four traffic jams it would be nice if I could at least get into town first 
Fourteen hours four traffic jams and a former presidents home all mean one thing . . . I'm finally here . . . Not a moment to soon 
Location : Round Rock , Texas ... Mission Destination : Round Rock Donuts ... Simply Put : Amazing ! 
Slid into memphis under the cover of darkness last night . . . One more day of relaxation before it's back to the usual grind . . . Had an amazing trip but can't wait to get back home . . . Pics will be up tomorrow or tonight :) 
Back in the boro . Texas was awesome ... I see work in my very near future , g'night world . 
And I'm back at the Baymont ... doin what I do best ... workin .... 
The mind is a terrible thing to waste . A mind also makes terrible waste of things . 
Ready for work to be over ... 2 hours to go then back tomorrow ... Monday might have to be a day to catch up to myself after vacation .... 
Trying to enjoy my few hours off ... Class tonight , work tomorrow ... Then finally a full day to recuperate ... 
Happy Election Day .... < PROPFEMALE > la reveloution ... 
I'll see your Jihad , and I shall raise you a Crusade . 
Booked to the < PROPMALE > and two rooms get flooded out for the night , go figure ... crisis mode engage ! Thinking rationally , there is no rational way ... What if I make a room have an extra bed ... Ok good ! Now where do I get the extra bed .... shit back at square one . 
Life gives and takes ... some days we are on the brighter side of that equation and some days we aren't ... The trick now is find the brightness in both ... Rest in peace Grandma I love you so much .... 
One last day in Indiana tomorrow , nice to be home with family ... Wish it were under other circumstances , but good to be here none the less ... 
Back in the ' Boro for over 24 hours and still trying to catch back up to life . The last week has really pushed my mind far beyond that of a 25 year old ... Guess this week has been the cap on a long growing-up period ... Every time I go back home I feel so much older ... I hope that through all of this I can find the wisdom to accompany the lessons life is teaching me . 
Where we invest our love is where we invest our life ..... 
All rights Reserved ® Copyrighted © And Trademarked ™ 
I dream of a better world ... where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned . 
I wish Congress on Facebook and the rest of the government would pick up a history book . At this rate they are repeating history so rapidly that dinosaurs will soon walk the earth again ... 
Love that will not betray you , dismay or enslave you , \ 
It will set you free ... M&S's 
I found the voice of my soul today in the form of music < PROPFIRST > by Mumford and Sons 
Let's hope the horses takes the cowboys for a ride today instead of the other way around !!!! Go Indianapolis Colts .... Keepin the faith alive ! 
TN Whispers : Payton asked his agents to hold off negotiations with the Colts for a new contract ... Tennessee Titans are waiting , but may be looking at the possibility of negotiating a contract with Peyton ... No confirmation , just talk at this point . What would I do ? I am a true-blue Colts fan but if Peyton comes to TN how do I stop myself from becoming a Titans fan ? Oh my football heart is torn ! 
Just letting you know your birth certificate is actually an apology letter to your parents from the condom factory ... 
Going full speed into finals and can't wait for the next seven days to pass so I can have a month without school ... 
2 papers , 4 discussion questions , 3 hour lecture with 12 pages of notes , and 1 test later ... I think I'm going to call it a day ... 1 History Test and 2 Business Tests to go ... 
Behind my smile is everything you will never understand . 
Got scouted for 2 jobs in 2 weeks ... I've never been scouted before ... Don't really know what to do ... love my job now but shoot ... Any advice , anyone ? 
So much for a light Tennessee winter ... It's 25 and were expecting 3 inches ... that's like all the snow we usually get all season ... 
Just another Monday ... freezing cold , sittin at work , ready to go home and wrap myself in 14 blankets and pass out ... Since when did Tennessee start gettin Indiana winters ? Global Warming ? 
Really an ice storm tonight and tomorrow ... c'mon mother nature , I think we need to have a performance review and take some some corrective action ... your job perofrmance has been far below expectations ... 
BREAKING NEWS !!! < PROPFEMALE > has been shot down while flying over Alaska ... Police are currently tracking down < PROPFEMALE > Palin and < PROPMALE > Cheney whom they believe were on a hunting trip together ... 
Identification Done ... Two Essay Questions down ... On < PROPFEMALE > 10 ... Last final --- event horizon . 
Last final submitted today ... done till mid January ... Ready to go home so I can see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Ide , < PROPMALE > Lambert , and < PROPFIRST > L Lambert ... Congrats to < PROPMALE > , who will be graduating tomorrow with a Bachelors in Psychology . 
Just watched < PROPMALE > walk across the stage and begin the next chapter in his novel of life :) congratulations Rebel Lambert ! 
I get my grades Wednesday ... crossing fingers till then ... next semester is English ( pssssh ... ) Principles of Supervision , Hospitality Purchasing and Control , Business Composition , and finally Excel Level II ... they don't start till the 13th though so I'll shall have some much needed time off .... 
Ah highly productive at work so far today ... it's so nice to get things done ... 
Straight A's !!! ~ The perfect Christmas gift from myself to myself ... 
Workin on Christmas really isn't that bad ..... However , I would much rather be outside playing in the first Tennessee white Christmas in 17 years .... 
So ... planning my Spring Trip .... Can go anywhere in the Cont . US .... suggestions please >>> 
Because seat belts don't work 100% of the time the only safe way to drive is to not drive at all ... what would the world be if the abstinence philosophy was applied to reality ...? 
I am from the nation of Procrasta ..... 
After feelin like crap last night ... I woke up this morning to no sickness ... It's a good day ... 
8 Hours of work then off for a couple days ... Needing a good restart before school ramps up again ... This big wheel keeps on turning .... 
You will only be about as happy as you make up your mind to be .... ~ < PROPMALE > 
Earthquakes in Indiana .... now that's a great way to start a day lol .... 
My new years resolution is to finally fulfill a New Years resolution ... If I do absolutely nothing I should be able to complete this one .... 
Today 149 years ago just up the road rebels fought yankee soldiers for a supply route resulting in 25k casualties in 3 days in the Battle of Stones River 
Christmas lasts a little longer : Indianapolis Colts get 9th consecutive playoff birth , tying all-time national record of consecutive bids set by the < PROPFIRST > Cowboys ... 72 different players this season , and salary caps now ... 2002-2010 Colts could handle the 1975-1983 Cowboys any day ... 
< PROPFIRST > Whited needs to figure out where were gonna have some duh duh/ t-bug time ... I'm feeling the need for a mental restart .... 
Sorry Facebook , I havent had the time to give you or your members the attention they deserve this week ... I have been very busy with work and life in general ... I promise Facebook soon we will have some alone time :-) 
Learn from your mother or you'll spend your days biting your own neck .... ( M&S ) 
That's so fucked up . . . 
Won't you be mine ? Won't you be mine ? Won't you be my neighbor ? Howdy neighbor ... 
I hate Vol-State Financial Aid ... Could we please do something about your archaic practices so that they are more in line with the needs of the student ... 
I just got paid today for two weeks worth of work and still had to tap into my savings to pay for books ... College is such a scam ... 
< PROPFIRST > just finished a day long reminder of how little he got paid last year ... but ... the taxes are filed wooohooo !!! 
What happened in our yesterdays is irreverent to our future unless we use the events as learning experiences ... 
I have dreamed of the day I could congratulate my sister on realizing she deserved better ... :-) 
The only day you can't learn something from someone is the day your dead ... 
Imagine what would be possible if only they could find enemies bigger than their apathy for me .... 
Did I really just see a baby splat on a window . . . Greatest commercial ever . 
I may be considered by many to be a conservative , but I really wish all this < PROPFEMALE > Palin facebook crap had a dislike button .... 
Will find out in 10 minutes how bad the roads have gotten ... They were already a nightmare just gettin here , hopefully they have gotten better ... Oh yeah were in Tennessee , they dont know how to make roads better when it snows ... what ever will I do ? 
Today GW Bush sits and watches as his legacy on the world begins to unfold 
Work is sendin me to our Ashville property for the weekend . . . SAWEET ! 
Up @ 6 work @ 7 goodnight world . . . Thank you comcast for screwing up the cable so I couldnt even watch < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
There are < PROPFEMALE > green blooms comin up on the < PROPMALE > pear trees . . . Springs-a-commin . 
Ok 2,000 word research paper on presidential powers .... due at 6pm tonight ... and go ............. 
