Time to forget this year as well as my name lol 

Things don't feel so impossible today 
We play the cards we're dealt . \ 
Somtimes you win .... sometimes you lose ... 
I am so ready for Christmas and New Years to be done and over with already . 
Nothing better than drinking hot chocolate .. sitting around with friends .... smoking cigs while watching it snooooow !!! 
One of the hardest things in life , is having the words in your heart that you can't utter . 
nothing beats 2 am insomnia like watching old reruns of < PROPFEMALE > the vampire slayer and listening to a perfect circle . 
doooooes anyone else realize that it is -actually- snowing right now ??? 
Just when I stopped opening doors , \ 
finally knowing the one that I wanted was yours . \ 
Making my entrance again with my usual flair\ 
Sure of my lines ..... \ 
No one is there 
Listening to The Cure is seriously like holding a loaded gun in a trembling hand 
Loving my new iPhone ..... < PROPFIRST > is amazing !! I hope you all have the merriest and happiest christmas ever !!! 
Christmas is almost over and it was great ! I just hope that new years < PROPFEMALE > is just as awesome 
Oh Takenobu .... I seriously love your calming voice 
\ I can't get any lower . I can't find all the pieces of my broken life . I need a summer but the summers come and gone . I need a summer like a winter in my heart \"" 
Someone please explain to me why this all just keeps happening to me ? 
A bit better now .... Minus the horrible stomach pains I've has for 3 days now .... :( 
Watching pitbulls and parolees ... I love pitbulls ! Anyone want to buy one for me and my room mates ??? :) 
So worried :( please be safe ! 
I am such a stupid stupid girl ..... 
Excited for tonight and tomorrow . Leahs doing my hair tonight and I'm excited to see how it's going to turn out and then tomorrow I have off and it's going to snow all day . Anyone want to play in the snow with me and then drink hit chocolate ??? :) 
Where would be a nice place to get away for awhile ? Any suggestions ? 
Everything was beautiful .... And nothing hurt ..... I want to go back to those days with you . 
Time to not be scared anymore 
I never saw a wild thing sorry for itself . A bird will fall frozen dead from a bough without ever having felt sorry for itself . - \ Self Pity \ " by D.H. < PROPFIRST > " 
=) 
Good day ! Woke up wicked ass early but luckily I got to snuggle back in bed again ... Even though I woke up in a cruel way :: pouts :: 2 more hours of work then fun with the < PROPFEMALE > !! And a happy note ... I got to see my kittiekat today !!!! 
Oh so in love with days off work <3 later on Stacious is coming over to < PROPFEMALE > out ... belly full of coffee , watching a movie , friend coming over later , and lounging around in my moose slippers and blankie ..... nothing beats this .... nothing at all =D 
ps- someone want to win the lottery for me so I can get another tattoo ?? I am getting restless for more ink 
Snow day with < PROPMALE > !!!!! just got a nice hot shower ... lounging around watching stupid tv shows and watching it snow ... yay !!! 
The dizziness that YOU have now caused is making me need a cig ..... WTF =P mwahahhahahahaha 
how much fun is it to get snowed in ?? A SHIT TON !! =D ( especially when you attempt to bury your room mate in the snow ! ) 
Please please please ... Let me let me let me .... let me get what I want this time ! 
I can't wait for bmax with my girls and to get my dance on !!!! 
Let's go STEELERS !!! bring it on home tonight boys ! 
Oh how I love being the single girl in the middle surrounded by happy couples ................ time to go to bed and get away from this 
Stupidest day ever out of the year . 
Tis not where we lie ; but once we fell ... The loss of heaven is the greatest pain in hell 
Life is like a penis , when it's hard you get screwed and when it's soft you can't beat it ! You are the greatest < PROPFIRST > =) 
\ I want a manly man who can cut down trees with just his eyes ! \"- autumn ...... Best thing I heard today ! :) " 
Well my good day just got screwed .... And I have no idea why :( 
Where is my savior when I need him .... Could use some comfort and saving about now .... :( even a hug would do ... 
Yes ... Thank you nicaragua for your delicious rum and giving me a great nights sleep . New current goal in life = becoming a lush . 
Out at Kiros with my ladies and my gents for grateful dead night !!!! Currently listening to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ... How does this get better ?? 
I'm all pouty now cause I just saw that I work til 9 ... Not 7 like I thought I was scheduled too !! Now I can't watch the < PROPMALE > potter marathon with my roomies :( 
I am so excited ( and scared !!! ) to be moving to VA in a few months !! 
Beautiful day out ... Good day at work .... Shitty night ..... :( 
Listening to the cure , smoking cig after cig , day off and alone with my thoughts .... yeah ... It's one of those kind of days ...... 
I really hate that we never had a song ..... 
