kyah ~ wow im on facebook it actually looks slightly interesting maybe well see how well this goes 

wow i have nothing to do this is really really lame ... 
i got to stop this fing string of laziness ... guhhhhhhhh 
wheEeEeEeEe !! In a mighty good mood . Had a very productive day and is currently hanging with meh bebez sorta lol . listening to < PROPFIRST > Swift and such . I didn't realize how much songs I like that are theirs XD . Tis awesomeness !!! 
I find it sad hilarious that I needa go pee so bad that I cant go back asleep after about only three hours of sleep . I needa go so very bad . Though I'd feel odd if I went at this time and place . How sad . 
thinking bout my bebez .. mew 
what is gods name ?! .. oh wait im not religious .. OMG BROWN .. kuhhh DX ouch ... why ?!?!?!?!?!?!? oh yea .. no .. wait .. o0ok hi pplz .. TALK TO MEH !!! 
bwahaha XD X3 i happiness 
bwahahahaha .. o0o tsk tsk me .. bad me badddd lol 
its a bit of a burn when your told to brush your teeth and put a shirt on .. a definite lower of esteem , but some positive criticism i suppose .. thus i guess ill go do that DX 
went to < PROPMALE > today .. failed looking for a casual dress to spoil myself with .. going to look tomorrow hopefully ill see something ill like .. bebez is no help tho 
bebez is havin fun with his friend on the fone .. im a lil bored .. but entertained by their nerdiness X3 
i think imma try farmville heller pplz are addicted maybe itll be entertaining 
knows - i really am quite lucky to have them X3 XD 
wants nothing more than to be snuggling with my bebz 
not amused , surprized or enthused that some people can be impulsive liars .. oh well jux makes it only a < PROPFEMALE > bit easier to leave lol ... luv uz meh fam bam n bebz 
just went down the < PROPFEMALE > liking heller pplz shit hahah im bored 
absolutely hopessly in love <3 
Im all graduated and chillin at my tech school so you all need to hit me up .. you have my number gimma ring .. luv you guys XD X3 
so im thinking of getting sum tattoos .. might wait till im back in sac .. maybe . iono missing home like omg 
you know what visiting myspace and facebook has made me feel better X3 most ppl might be saddened to kno everyone at home is living on with out them , but for me i miss them yea but its nice to know everyone is doing alright .. the same as i left them X3 
really ?! what the fuck .. jux saw sum pix of some old elementary school mates like really thats sum crazy shet .. ahh well id msg them but i dunt wanna look like a foo haha XD 
stupid facebook why do i hav to d/l a prog to upload pix ? how did i get my first pic up there ahh well ferget this im headin back to myspace lol 
missing you guys 
any one need a SD memory card ? i got a 2G brand new .. i apparently bought the wrong one for meh new cam 
so0o i bought a camera .. then a memory stick duhh ( i say duhh cuz i bought the wrong one at first ) then i realized how the hell am i gonna transfer it to my comp ... now i have to buy an adapter gayyyyyy 
Yo0 Fo0s im home come lets < PROPFEMALE > within the nxt 3 weeks k ? 
aww its so nice seein everybody keeping in touch .. anyways wholly crap why cant people jux love me enough to get over it 
still empty this shell .. still far from me this I .. lovesick with nothingness becomes my peace of mind .. take this , accept me , stop taking my faith in you to pain 
o0ok ... so 2 days left basically ... anyways this girl nvr got her party on wth is with that ? to0 bad to0 bad .. ill jux hav to see if ga is kickin sumtime once ive settled in .. its hard to figure leavin agen i love them to0z much 
people seem to think that its nearly impossible that me and my bae are going to last till i get out .. i really just want to scream F*CK YOU .. but i mean they mean it in the nicest way possible so0o i guess ill just have to prove them wrong X3 
i was watching gurren laggan the most awesome mecha anime of all time .. its the part when he dies its so0o hard not to cry 
i hope bebez calls me tonight .. i feel empty when im all alone in my dorm 
i miss you ... 
gahhh bae , you've gotten me so used to hi-def DX low-def makes my eyes hurt DX wahh 
hmm so today was alright ... yay tis the weekend .. i needa go buy stuff to0 bad i dunt hav a ride bo0oo 
so0o kewt XD http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Bmhjf0rKe8 
ZOMG GA HAS SOME CREEPERS .. yes i stole that from you , whoever it was in tech that always sed that lol ... im serious i cannot point out to them jux how serious i am with my bf back home .. lmao DX lemme alone or stop being a creeper 
if you smile for me like he does , you all would make my world complete .. ohana 
i feel a little inspired to draw < PROPMALE > quin ... shes sexy XD 
grrrrrrrr ... freakin < PROPFEMALE > 1 and usaa are pissing me off whats the point of online banking if i cant back online , sto0pid allotments , id use mypay but it fricks up my finance plans grrrr 
SPLINTER CELL CONVICTION !!! KyaAh ~ 
FUHHHHHHHH KUHHHHHH .. mother nature can go piss off ... 
more over i just i want their happiness , but it wont reflect on me .. why cant my happiness just be theirs and i can live without regret 
i just want to make you smile .. with all my heart 
hmm in life perception is the world and striving is reaching happiness as such living ... perfection is death .. this chaos - reflect it then set it aside for life 
so i didnt go over my budget but i spent more than i shouldve in a week grr .. actually it was a fair amount but i expect more of myself i must be more prudent 
this curiosity is forcing me to think but i dont want to think i want to do but now that i have thought what should i do ? 
< PROPFEMALE > zam ! im totally dissappoint on your lack of enthusiam life .. HIT ME LIKE YOU WANT IT hahaha .. jk dont hurt me XP XD 
Emo-s with love and lostness .... dont i make you wonder ? * half sarcastic sad laugh * 
usually thurs are fast because of training but today its so0o0o0oo long and ive been given my lovely curse early yay 
Just jumped into the anime Skip Beat - I love it . The main character reminds me of how vicious I feel when I'm PO-ed .. of course I don't get mad as often as she does lol . 
upon further evaluation of this current disposition ive found a new aspect of myself that has surfaced .. i wonder 
chop suey , riot , its all down hill from here , face down , < PROPFEMALE > 
full metal alchemist brotherhood - KYAH ~ so0o to truely apprieciate this one you'd have to see the first but also you'd have to move beyond it . its not as strong an impression as the first but the depth of the story has taken a very interesting route YOSH on to ep well .... maybe 37 ? lol 
people are very interesting creatures .. hmm this curious cat is gonna lose all its lives one day .. aside from that I WANNA GO HOME ! I MISS THEM SO MUCH .. and july 4th is gonna be so0o ... just sad .. me wanty be with them DX wahh !!! 
GAWD DDAMNNNITTTT I MISSS MY FAM BAM GRAAAWWWWW .. ok im dont i think .. po0 
drunk of of the bad stuff ( 0_o ' ) ... i havnt felt this lost in years , wow such fail 
gawd damnn it < PROPFIRST > n < PROPFEMALE > you guys make me miss home more than i should ... YOUR DRIVIN ME NUTZ D= 
wow .. totally ass-dickery is this fickle one . anyways on that note how can i believe in the magical four letter word when what i thought i knew what it was was so utterly disintegrated ? the world i thought i understood so thoroughly shaken , i had nearly fallen , but now im standing strangely enough 
not a word to the world from me 
my sleep is messed up , procrastinating to the < PROPMALE > , and im starving beyond all reasoning ... yay lol .. btw i miss you guys you hav a fun time at auntie remy's CUZ I WISH I WUZ DERE .. aside from that im actually doing quite well prolly gonna do sum cdcs 
slightly satisfied that some people though they fail to see it actually do hav quite a few people that care ... the world is interesting 
odd .. could it be im subconiously breaking down ? its strange cause i still feel the same , the emptiness is still there but im becoming a bit of a sloth .. hmm ill stand on my own dont worry 
ughhhhhhhh ... so0o0o0o0o0o0o0oo0o0o0o0o0o irrrrrrrrriiiiiiitatitiaitiatiatititecd .................... blahgahghearrhgklajfkldsj lmao .. now lets procede with gouge my abdominal organs with a Spo0n !!!! 
its pouring outside ... im doing my cdcs ... umm i cant wait till this upcoming tuesday X3 
lest this sweet toture haunts this empty shell .. what will it do when one day it finds that its tired of this world 
* LHHZ * = Luvz ' n ' Hugz = Love You , Hug You = damnit I LOVE YOU -SqUeEeeEeEeE ~ aka KyAaH ~ 
ZOMG so0o0o0o0o0o0o0o close so close so close !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AHHHHHH lmao .. u know what im talking bout < PROPMALE > BWhaahahahaha lol .. neways hittin my cdcs damnit yumma yumma lol 
GRAHHAHAHIHRifhldkfm , cx fn dmc .... i hate when people with good intentions do stuff that hurts you , cause then when you feel bad about it you feel worse cause now your the ass ... thank you for making me feel even worse than you already have successfully made me feel ... i really do feel bad for feeling bad so dont feel bad cause that makes it worse 
IM BEING DRVIN MAD ! DX my day is ruined someone shoot me already ... 
yay tomorrow will be interesting since this morning is allllll .... CDCs @_@ XD 
I'm finally home .. XD i love it .. remind me to take loads of pix X3 
.... meh 
the damnedest thing - being a women .. among the humans we creatures shine the brightest in our humanity .. thus the most beautiful emotional lost cruel and confused things . how i hate and secretly love it . its so wrong 
these smiles .. the best thing in the world i want to keep them forever XD really the only thing that could make me die happy 
oh < PROPFEMALE > im so glad you agree .. it really is too bad though .. damn so yummy lmao ... anyways gahh meh legs are starting to feel the soreness from todays run .. bleh 
ZOMG five shots within a hour weEeEeEeee ... im so0o tempted to drunk call my pepz in GA but no one seems awake hit me up if you are .. i hold my liquor well so sorry if im not THAT entertaining bwhahaha .. mmm maybe ill have another smirnoff .. oh ho 
FUCK MEOW hahahahahh oh im done shouldnt be facebookin in this state 
VAMPIRE KNIGHT (( completed the series [ manga ])) - Cute Sexy Interesting .. ending very anti-climatic bo0o0o .. but sok me likey the womenly fan service and < PROPMALE > enough to forgive XP XD 
laughing to myself cause < PROPMALE > looks manly in his pix with his wife , but i can only imagine him as the silly amc < PROPMALE > hahaha .. with his damn chibi doing inappropriate appropriate things hahaha 
teeth ... to be extracted hmmm wish me luck 
head all a fuzz and heart all a flutter ... i shouldnt be allowed to be this cute XP 
guh why cant time just slow down just a little or atleast fast forward the parts i dont care for .. XP lol 
distracted by clutter and cloud-nine notions ... i want sweet sweet - high off of happy - motivations , no downers even if hes up-out-and-awayyyyyyy * pokey * 
* sad face * he's up out and away ... 
watching When They Cry , the last anime we were watching together X3 
my head is in the clouds right now , dwelling in thoughts of smiles and cloud nine .. time to fall back to earth now monday means work .. must stop this lazy stagnant and work on progression , wish me luck 
1 - work felt long today 2 - i had a rude awaking from my after work nap ; a random caller with the wrong number .. it ended in \feeling naughty\ " * click * 3- procrastination to the udder < PROPMALE > .. tis my shift today you kids be good now " 
DX .. cant stop thinking .. 
driven insane with displacement ... anyways .. etto , today was a relatively okay day . i needa go shopping again soon . blah 
finished section of cdcs for today yay X3 .. now time to clean up refuge .. alone ... bo0o0o0o lol 
ahh gahh only one thing constantly on me mind ... YOU BETTER MSG ME ASAP LOSER !!! 
I had the best wake up call ever and I did well in my first day of assisting or so I hope . YAY To the REFUGE ... because I have no other life lmao 
yay for skype bo0o for bad connection .. ill take what I can get though . luv , you can , but not with your clone and not while im skyping at the Refuge lmao Loser XP * L'n'Hz * 
nap time .. ZzZz 
as of late i really dont like going to sleep at night ... it reminds me that my bed is empty aside from me in it . 
theres a curiosity , i wonder if thatll be my meaning in life ... damn it i want to want to do something meaningful to me in my life , but nothing comes to mind . i have a thought but its a ridiculous one .. mayyyybe if i just put it in the back of my mind in time itll come true .. as for realistically i cant think of a job thatll satisfy me . 
alright to bed with me i have to be at work by 645 and im chairside and we hav a decon exercise and i need to get with my soup to look over cdcs ... tomorrow is gonna be gay ... well not gay just .... * sigh * ... long .. ps going to sleep with those same thots as lasts 
you know your doing bad when you down a can of monster , take a cold shower , and still knock out for four hours waking up laying there for another 15 minutes still feeling tired even after getting up .. ps im mad why i didnt get up in time to get my < PROPMALE > to talk/see him DX grr 
< hopeless helpless child why are you so weak and feeble ?! you have to legs stand on your own weight ! no matter where you or what you do go you'll still be nothing if you dont change this way of living ... 
holy fuck my < PROPFEMALE > d is being raped by my hormones ... up n down n up n down n up ... FAWK - i needa calm the fuck down ... ps in this moment im doing those cloud nine thoughts again note just a < PROPFEMALE > ago i was dwelling on tasteless depression wow 
aww you guys checky out my tech school album .. i miss you guys , hekker fun times .. too mellow in these parts 
watched the expendables it had its moments , but i was disappointed they didnt use everyones talents to the best of their abilities .. also watched < PROPFIRST > pilgrim that was epically entertaining X3 
i totally bit carpet when leaving the first theatre skipped and frollicked then felt my vans scrape the carpet and bit it epically 
guhh i hate shopping but alass ive been putting it off for to0 long 
DX ... im saddened nothing to distract me 
i curse people with good intentions ... i love them , but they hurt me oh so much ......... i dont want to think , so dont make me cry ... 
im so absolutely enamored X3 ... impertinently i also love my fone for the wrong reason lmao 
ive come to the conclusion that i am a woman and everyday i come closer and closer to wanting what a what woman wants ... or maybe that was was what i wanted all along im just starting to accept or like the idea ...... ughhh i hate women we are so stupid .. sorry my women counter parts we are .. were complicated beyond all reason therefore idiotic 
feeling extremely inadequate ... 
today was the most depressing day in the world .. im astounded he made me smile .. .... but whats more depressing than a pathetic emo loser .. i want to .. ehhh 
i hate being in a rut how the hell i get here ?! 
i thought a good nap would heal me .. yea .. fail 
wow .... this day is really depressing me even now ... how much of a woman ive become .. im going to go be emo off in a corner now 
i jux reviewed my album of when i went home .. haha its never as fun to drink out here as it is when i get messed up with the fam XD .. no one likes to down shots like we do lol 
haunting me like a sickness stealing life and breath . like the heart beats slow and cold yet emits heat so radiant it overwhelms and fakes the throat to gag ... i used to love that feeling . the warmth , the energy , the anxiousness .. but now the feeling crosses and betrays like it knows that im not worthy . im tempted to force its end . 
I WANA TOMATOE XD 
dies a little inside when i realize that people arent as connected as i once thought .. the relationships we share are so fickle .. 
sad .. i missed his call wahhh 
so completely enamored .. i cant wait till we can be together again 
1 . my roomate hates me and wont talk to me .. we hav a room inspection tomorrow , our kitchen is a mess 2 . i went over my minutes its going to cost me atleast $80 extra 3 . i hav 60 pgs of CDCs due next week .... frustrated and sad .. can i give up now i think i dont want anymore ... 
.... today ... just not today , lets take a step back and watch bullshit roll by in fact lets smile and wave at my sad dispositon as it passes ... yea no not gonna happen , guhh 
nothing but CLOUD NINE .. nothing gets me as high when i cant stop smile my retarded smile .. ahhh sweet 
ok to bed .. tis late .. ill be thinking of you so that maybe i can dream of only you tonight .. if dream at all XP 
a dream .. happy thoughts with cloud nine connotations .. a smile , an endless expression of how it penetrates my heart .. i feel it .. this feeling that brought a child to reckless indulgence with innocence written across her actions ... a cruel but oh so sweet pain , id fall head first 
ehh little bit of a hangover .. i guess i did over did it a little last night .. 
im a fool im going to end up biting it flat on my damn face 
what wilts and withers in the face of despair .. is fickle but realize what brightness it had at its prime the beauty that would be nothing but mortality 
call me when you get this i dont care what time .. something has been bothering me and im too groggy tell me to wake my ass up , besides i got laundry i need to take care of please and thank you .. like you lots X3 
ok so if it werent for my incompetence id be rather useful now wouldnt i ? 
for goodness sake .. dont let my optimistic high lose its momentum 
hopefully get some good sleep tonight ... what dreams may come .. hopefully only cloud nine thoughts haunt me tonight 
my head is not on straight i think it needs some minor adjustments anyone have a wrench ? > XD 
mayybe i appreciate the little things a little too much .. im not cut out for this 
she's still a child a ignorant heart driven child * smiles * the way her heart swoons over the little things ... the trip to the store , the smile on your face , the watching tv on the couch , the gentle gesture , the thoughtful considerations which had no attachments * smiles imagining * yea this girl is hopeless in love with loving those people she holds so dear 
today was good ... its amazing cant believe ive recovered from such bad mojo .. more so im looking forward to this weekend hopefully itll turn out X3 
im missing him its been 3 er 4 days and not a word .. wow what timing statement retracted 
id do anything to be that cat .. to feel his warm palm to my cheek * purrrrr * lol 
psychological tactic to get a positive response - lesson one : when you need something done instead of saying \here do this\ " say \ " please could you do me a favor ? \ " more often then no people will be happy to say sure 
so tell me why are some people so ignorant to simple little things that they dont realize that they come off as rude , inconsiderate , stuck up , bitchy .. or is it they just dont care .. im thinking that they just dont appreciate the little things like i do ... how sad .. theres a difference between expressing a negative emotion and emitting it like wildfire 
aww daddy called me a feel so special XD .. but hes not feeling so well STOP DRINKING SODA its bad for your condition XP ahh my goodness 
aww i see them smile i cant help but smile 
wo0ho0o i ran the fastest mile and half ive ever ran for my PT test I got a 87 percentile yay ... its just too @$#%@ that I FAILED .. lol aww do atleast get a booby prize .. guess not , heres to my new mandatory PT regime wo0o 
hes got me floating up there on cloud nine again =3 nothing else like it +mine mine mine mine mine+ pwahaha XP XD 
all of a sudden light headed and naucious bad .... 
i only got one person on my mind X3 ... bo0o no pain mouth guhhh wahhhh hurt 
why would i want anything else ? pet peaves ive just realized - when people doubt me , when people decide to not be entirely honest with me , self justification .. just screw you , you misleading assholes ! 
i havent lost it that drifting dreamer feeling im happy , but now i remember why i grew out of it .. * sigh * whats worse having life slap you around or dream happy dreams and let life smack you around just every now and then ? im scared because i dont know what i want or how i can achieve it bo0o .. depressionism * sad solem face * 
i love my life twice a day just because of him X3 cloud nine is awesome until you hit the ground after it disapates , but ill take what i can get XD 
for a moment i was thinking deviously about my bf X3 lol bo0o hes running around korea a bit its been two days since he last called DX then i thought about what work i have to do bo0o can i just sleep it all off again ? lol 
no one can make my day like he can XD 
space-headedness isn't cute its a personal demotivator and a troublesome trait 
damn there is nothing like talking for hours on end with him .. only the onset of starvation can pull us away .. ok not true theres work and friends and going out lmao .. but gahhh so0o very very in love i smile till my cheeks hurt XD 
Hanasakeru Seishonen is a anime shojo that seems pretty interesting until i realize the main character is so damn fickle its not cute .. how do you not realize how much someone loves you when theyre right in your face .. i guess < PROPMALE > people can afford to be so stupid 
aww cuteness to the < PROPMALE > .. anyways lets go eat do laundry and see what over ppl are up to 
i want to send him sumthing special ... hmm <3 
i love you and ... THERES NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT !!! PWAHAHAHAHAHAH ~ lol , but no really .. itll take wayyyyyyy more than that to get rid of me X3 ;) 
was on the downward spiral of rut and self-destruction of doom ... then she remembered why she does it everyday ... she does it for the ones she loves .. \ 
for them anything , \ 
for them she'd do it over and over and over again ' till she got it right .. \ 
she'd give her life , 
great , my weekend doesnt start till monday ... this sucks ... i cant even have a drink and gahh im so thirsty 
i do appreciate all the little things you guys hav done and do for me so very much .. and it kills me that ive failed to do the same .. that unknowlingly ive taken somethings for granted .. i havent exercised my gratefulness as much as i should .. i love you all i really do , please never think otherwise .. ask me and to the best of my power i will do anything if it made you smile at true happiness 
got to think clearly with honesty and authenticity .. no adaptation my imperfections small and large aren't going to change through twisted implication .. determination and will power , .. its sucks they are my lowest categories * sigh * but anything anything to better myself right ? 
down right fugly .. where is my whymsical airy dreams go ? sucked away into oblivion ? come back my haltal , my muse you make calm and forgiving ... 
there you are my muse my happy dreams .. i know i lose you somewhere sometime so0n but ill always find you again i know it .. 
zomg i love him XD .. neway wth rub ! why u call the one time i charge my fone while ts off !? gahh ill call uz 2morrow bo0o0o0o love you bro !! 
there is just something about a crisp white collar and some sharp dark slacks mew ... time to be productive-ish 
pwahahahah even that one cant get me down today XD yess ! pwhahaha .. oh love , anyway .. * shakes fist * you bad little children what are we going to do with you ? our fearless leader cant do it all on his own now can he ? well have to come together to keep this one at bay ! .. off to bx and cdcs i go , but ill be back to pester your ears later 
so very unsat this morn , but all in name of a better mood so im for it 
dying of boredom and paranoia ... going to sleep now very unsat hopefully tomorrow something good will happen its a damn weekend for goodness sake 
its that smile , that genuine happiness that only comes with being with the company you adore ... to see it written on their faces .. i would give anything . smile with me you know its all i want X3 
do0pa do0o da do0p X3 .. he cant help but brighten up my day XD yayz .. hmm i wonder how everyone at home is doing i should send my mail .. hmm i hope i have stamps lets see 
havent felt \look in the mirror\ " sexy in so long .. iono kno why but its the silliest thing . even though ive been down fast food for a couple of weeks now .. i just had to dance i felt so good lmao " 
imaturity .. it cant be fun , but also very irritating ... i think its another reason why people are so untrusting/untrustworthy . or am i too forgiving , undoubting , or generous to people . i hope im not just too passive .. i care about things . 
all day everyday sleep sleep sleep .. grahh damnit imma get up and do shit this time i promie myself er else .. no treats ! 
reminded once again , i am a women .. cute sweet and evil . those kind that wear their emotions on their shoulders ... gahhh i dont like being evil but everyone just throws themselves into the flame ... i feel like a jerk 
i feel like crap , all i do is crap , and i wish i was more than this .. i still remember why i do it everyday , but dont recall why im still not doing it as well as i want to 
hmm i realized just now that im not the only one who wears their emotions on their sleeves .. no matter how hard he tries his face looks so solemn when he cant smile in honesty .. it looks nothing like his genuine warm light hearted smile .. its a horrible thing to wear your emotions on your shoulders .. i hope i can one day smile lightly without effort , so that my downfalls dont drag anyone with me 
slowly gaining a bit of respect for ' em .. i wonder if a little birdy showed ' em the way . im glad if this keeps up i might even be inspired X3 
almost offended i got a 7/10 .. i got a C ? wha ? lol .. ferget < PROPFEMALE > because i know im atleast a B- lmao ... retaliation , but i kno im not all that and a bag a chips id give myself a 5 XP 
theres a thank you in every breath that a breathe a greatfulness whispered and forgotton as it escapes my lips . i remember why i know i shouldnt regret these moments though small and insignificant . im still moving still . ever so slowly , but baby steps are all i need . 
there we go again .. contradiction in that fucked up way . i can work and support myself in the name of the ones i love , but the catch is i never get to see them or i can be a leach and a bum and see them all the time . i hate you system i hate you with a passion . i want to see them and be with them thats why get up in morning everyday . i shoot up the middle finger to whoever designed it this way . i want another option . 
maybe just a little light on this spit-shine 
thank you . you guys dont realize how much i really do appreciate every little thing you do for me . i hope that i do something for you as well . hmm you should let me know how i can make you smile even if just for a moment X3 
i've had this massive disgusting mood swing since yesterday . i've snapped at two of my friends . i don't know whats wrong with me and its pissing me off ... i want to see them , its been far too long i cant stand it . 
im feeling a lil gasy tonight !!! 
woops relived some pressure not so gasy now 
that smile gets me every time .. XD 
clean room exercise eat ... ikkumasho 
o . 0 ... my eye r like @_@ ... me wanty him .. me sad the ones i loves are so farr away having so much trouble .. b0o 
reminded how things how are headed down hill , just when i've got my feet on the ground too . my muse is so very far away .... this is not the way to start a week 
it seems its not so simple to ask for happiness 
a second reminder why i must pick myself up yay ... i hope i get a wake up call 
grahh finally finished cleanimg my room guhh ... now only laundry , trash , homework , kitchen ( if i ever decide to clean my roommates mess ) , life , love , future .. lol yea im such a loser .. XP 
btw i freaking love that man XD weEeEeEeeeee !!! 
if i gasped and it smelt like rainbows , i could smile and scream whispers of a spastic furry day .. she smiled and said haha JEH meh if only for today . im sorry flower boy daisies need water to live thrive and grow , but winter comes soon only in a day so tomorrow we hope that itll rain for you ! 
hes there .. and i want to run to him 
LMAO XD my sippy cup .. he looks oh so angry but its hilarious cause he's not X3 A-D-OrAbLE XD 
im sorry ive been so down as of late , it has gotten to the point ive neglected all the small things .. i just want you guys to know despite my disposition and my crappy attitude as of late i do appreciate you ! thank you love for reminding me what makes this life a little mroe worth while 
me hungry and wondering ... time to go do stuffz 
looking at seme and uke pic on deviant kyAh ~ i should stop X3 , but no one captures romantic like they do in yaoi XD .. oh < PROPFEMALE > you are so unloved but i know youz has the potential 
KyAh ~ everytime i see his face , talk to him , or think about him i can't help but smile XD 
you feel so much better after you've cleaned up your surroundings .. hmm but then again maybe its just an expression of how your feeling .. your room looks like crap your probably feeling like crap .. your rooms all in order you feel ...... uhhh ok lol 
well for me this is like 2 hours ahead of time for me , but i guess since everyone else is doing it .... HAPPY ANNI- 080 , you all are losers i love you XD XP 
listening to Hedley with my love , thinking of getting one of their CDs 
absolutely adore him X3 
http://www.fanplusfriend.com/servlet/the-1739/Neat-Bias-Front-Mandarin/Detail 
http://www.kaboodle.com/reviews/womens-belted-trench-coats-6 
totally love him XD 
currently watching sin city the bestest movie of all time XD 
cloud nine and giddy over silly thoughts .. but nows not the time CDCS away ... 
ok ok enuff spacing off into cloud nine , change , dinner , laundry , shower , cdcs ... maybe fit some bx somewhere in there .. here we go0o0o0o0o0o0o0o ! 
i just so utterly love him .. 
breath in all this mass decay and tell yourself you love it , because when you realize your dying - cause you know its killing you - all you'll want to do is spit out complaints , when we all already know the truth .. 
if a smile could kill ..... mass genocide , because of him <3 
lets do the math - ac : 27 ( that < PROPMALE > i think , prior i believe 26 ) pu : 26 ( prior 17 ) su : 51 ( thats 3 away from fucking < PROPMALE > btw , prior 37 ) mile&1/2 : 12:29 ( prior 12:56 ) thats 20/20+ 7.3 /10+ 9.5 /10+57/60 = 93.8 /100 ( prior 86.2 ) - so0o I would just like to say FUCK YALLL !!!!!! FUCK YOU AND YOUR DAMN FUCKING SELVES ! FUCK IT ! - I'd like to thank those who supported , helped , and tortured me . <3 
thank you guys .. theres really nothing like a good amc day to pick up the good moods as of late seriously .. i only cause trouble when you play cards cause i want to < PROPFEMALE > out with youz .. so i had fun you guys have a good night X3 
wahh i haven't drawn anything note worthy in forever no0o0o0o0 .. i need to pick up the pencil and work on my skillz DX 
aww daddy DX ! you were so cheery sounding when i was on the phone with you then as soon as i said im going to call < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ill call back tomorrow you sounded so sad aww .. no0o0o ... i swear ill do0oz my bestests to come home xmas ! 
how do you live with knowing someone you loved turned into a person you hated thinking about it deeper maybe i never knew them at all ... how can that not kill me ? destroy me and udderly hurt me ? i haven't been so out of wack in a good while , hurting ppl around me ? wonder if id be better off not trying to get too attached .. 
blah de blah de blah .. i think im going to delete my account soon .. so if i magically disappear from cyber space dont be alarmed i might just be pleasing all those critical eyes 
77g OF SUGAR !!! mountain dew ? 
holy crap girls can be such dicks man .. i mean i understand being a lil b*tchy after someone giving you a hard time , but being f*ck'd up for no damned reason ... gahhh i hate women 
ZOMG i love him ... \ 
i want to be that girl he comes home to everday melting away all his problems and stresses by just smiling and greeting him a welcome home . oh how he sends me a flutter when i think of him . ahh im so hopeless X3 
thanksgiving , my b-day , x-mas ... tis the season and i can't wait to make it worth it 
fuhhh .. stayed up buying my ticket bo0o0z bye bye moneyz ill see you next next next paycheck lol .. bahhh goin slep nowz brahhhhhhgghhhhllmmpahhh 
i would say what im thankful for but theres too little around me right now .. all the big things im thankful for are country and countries away .. i dunno if ill celebrate today .. 
l-o-v-e , love X3 
laid in bed thinking about him for like 15 mins straight . how can one person make me feel so absolutely happy .. i want to make him feel as great as i do when i look at his smile . i wish i was perfect and worthy of him ... i want to be with him so badly 
sitting on cloud nine jux chillaxing a gewd way to head to bed XD 
XD its for sure i can be the happiest woman alive this christmas !!! im so happy when i think about it now i cant contain it 
Yay paid for the tickets ! XD grahhh i cant wait till i get paid tomorrow .. still gotta pay the rest of meh bills bo0o 
CORRECTION : I got a 94.04% on my PT test ! So chew on that ! 
nothing like a little slap in the face to let you know your impefections are still there ... gahh why do people whitfully do that to you with a friendly laugh and a warm smile ? s'ok s'ok cause you know what ?! i get to see them this xmas so FERGET < PROPFEMALE > you stick in the mudz XD ! nothing else can bring me down right now 
thank you guys .. i would thank you all personally but it seems to be pilling up lol .. thank you really , though i know you guys can spend it with me it means alot for me to even just get a happy birthday wish X3 <3 
WTH am i doing ?! watchin kare kano ( his & her circumstances ) at 3 in the morn ?! < PROPFEMALE > crud man its making me miss him so much more damn romance anime rawr .. must go bed .. brahh 
just got home from detail ... i spent my b-day waiting at an airport and sitting on a bus for 12 hours straight , Oh the irony , but anyways I'LL RETURN YOUR TXTS AND FONE CALLS TOMORROW I LOVE YOU GUYS AND THANKS FOR ALL THE B-DAY WISHES ! 
love him X3 
\I am zeh homoes oh noes bwahahahahaha\ " - RJ's XD " 
thinking about him .. wondering how we'll react when we see eachother again and waiting counting down the days .. 19 days i hope these 2 weeks and five days fly by 
totally absolutely love how we can always talk about anything and somehow magically turn back to \aww i love you XD \"" 
^_^ ' heh silly me ... soy < PROPFEMALE > obsecionado litte 
hoping hell call me before he heads to bed , but worried hell notice i called err left this post and be deterred by the time stamps bo0o .. im such a loser to bed i hope to go ! 
amc rockband ... oh myz yuz cannnotzzzz esCAHpeh oh teh noeS 
turned something happy and turned it twisted and sad .. how can you expect me to be ok with that .. you cant . ill forget about it 
i just cant drop this anxious feeling in my chest .. gahh tis making me sick . i dunno if its excited anxious or worried anxious gahh i need a distraction , work here comes a monday ... AHHHH no0o0o0o0o0 lol 
gahhh , i didnt realize how sickly my skin looks under these dorm room lights .. i really need to do something about my room before i go insane just staying here for 30 mins with out any outside contact drives me up the wall with \i feel lonely and the worlds going to eat me as these wall shrink in\ " atmosphere " 
i'm still so very much a child .. 22 and i only feel like 20 err i mean 16 XP im such a loser ... X3 somehow i still have people who love me dearly im so lucky 
a little light headed ... that was some good pt 
eyes hurt yet i slept all day .. but i did manage to do sum cdcs .. gahh heres to bed .. hoping hell be well enough to feel like calling before he does the same 
doing cdcs the material is actually finally a bit interesting yet i still manage to seem asleep .. my conclusion reguardless of interest , CDCS = BRAIN DISFUNCTIONALITY lol 
nothing like a ower nap during lunch .. best 15mins of sleep ever if you do it right XD 
snow beads dancing off my clothes sounding off like trickling beads and falling hard like rain drops .. wth < PROPFEMALE > ? i picked you cause your a warm state .. i forgive you this time though , there was no fridged breeze with this small snowfall 
BANG ,.. SHISHIGAMI !! versus TAOKAKA ! ... REBEL ,.. ONE ,.. FIGHT !!! ( big bo0by lady XD)0o lmao 
lmao i hav a copilation on my bf's voicemails hahahah .. geez i needa stop saving them cause its making my voicemail fill up faster XP .. then again i needa check my vm more often i had 11 vms this time lmao 
no0o0o0o0o !!! i have no towels , guhh tis gunna suck taking a shower 
watched a amv bout shirgure ayame and hatori - DAMNIT why cant they redo fruits basket ?! tis zeh awesome shojo ! bo0o00oo00o0o ! 
Mi-Bo0oo0oo0o0o0o0o0o0o0o !!!!!!!!!!!!!! aww po0r thing locked in my depressing dorm room .. letsee if i can take you out today XD 
Bout to hop into a nice and SMexSHi shower ! and do my best to fight off the urge to KO ! hmm letssee maybe some lady gaga will spice it up enuff so that i dont get a concussion 
HEY LOVE ! well call me before you hit the hay .. err on second thought if your wasted you should prolly call when u wake up .. i have a pertinant question for you X3 love you cant wait for your call <3 
watching him sleep like a stalker thinking he's totally KO .. i whisper i love you .. and as clear as a summer day \i love you to0\ " gahhhh its so0o0o sweet im die of instantaneous diabetes jm .. buhh gahhh i love him so much XD " 
night love ... i hope i have sweet dreams of only u <3 
ONE WEEK AND A HALF !!!!!! Gahh counting down the days , ahhh im so anxious ! Can't wait to see everyone ! <3 
i love him and his silly little quirks XD i love going to bed thinking of him .. only 9 1/2 more days ! <3 
i love him .... <3 
gahh this exercise is exhausting , but only a week left XD kyah ~ zomg im so excited <3 
i dreamed i was out n about with some people who were supposibly rather upstanding according to who they work for , i was stupid enough to trust them with my card , and they tried to get away with stealling 100,000 dallors i didnt have ... yea i just work up pissed off with a head ache .. not cool 
funny thing cell phone voicemail is not like home phone voicemails , when you leave a message it doesnt go on speaker so when you say hello ? hello .. hello . hello ? hello ?! you just sound like a douche haha 
i got confirmation that i am teh emoz .. yay people who are high on their emotional factors . when they are down they are really depressing , but when they are up their the most fun yay . im kinda happy though i love emo people atleast those with awesome charisma points but most turn out to be secretly EVIL but since i know im for the most part not evil there is hope yay lol 
out of the 1072 random snapshot i have of you .. i cant say i have a favorite , i love all your silly expressions XD though i do have a couple that intimidate me .. aww i cant wait to see u in 6 DAYS XD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
whats worst making an honest mistake ( or rather being an idiot ) knowing you were wrong and having to admit it ( your stupidity that is ) or getting pinned for something you know wasn't your fault being right and though your more than likely still going to get pinned , but having an oppertunity to get yourself cleared ? humility - i am so going to uterly demolished by you ... yea teh emoz lemme vent geez 
listening to \all around me\ " - flyleaf ... im alive im alive .. have you ever fell into yourself dig deep and see the big picture - how the world swallows you whole when you are nothing but a flicker of a wick in a < PROPMALE > of flame you can either fall out among chaos or remember that your life and how you take or make it is up to you " 
whats that ? four and half more days ?! EEEEEEeeEEEEEeEEE !!! <3 
3 DAYS !!! zomg im so excited XD 
* sigh * i hate this room .. it depresses me and sucks all my energy right out of me .. makes me want to waste time and lay in bed all day .. that sick hopeless endless feeling you get when you've noticed that your a small irrelevent thing in a big wide and overwhelming world .. gahh cant wait to be home 
what two and a half more days ? ... hmm i gotta prepare soon XP X3 
<3 <3 <3 g'night and be there in 54hrs ! <3 <3 <3 
tempted to lay down in this bed .. but i must fight the urge .. have to go to bx and buy stuffage .. gahhhhhh 
do not wake talk to a groggy-had-bad-sleep-lanie she's vindictive and angry .. she will totally nom you head straight of it were physically possible .. BUT NEWAYS 43hrs !!!!!!!!!!!!! i love you guys cant wait to see you !!!! <3 
GWAHHHHH !!!! ... im going to kill that guy .. for 3 hrs of the most wasteful and most uncomfortable sleep !!!!! yea i was being vindictive for or it and made myself waste more sleep but now i just wana sock him because i can .. gahh back to sleep in which i hope will turn to enjoyable sleep damn it bae why didnt u call guh 
31hrs ! ahh , i don't know what to do with myself still so much to get done , but all i want to do is go sleep .. bahh home im ready for you X3 
* sigh * failure .. i geez can't i get anything right ? bo0 .. the 3rd person today i nearly messed up .. this day needs to end quicker so i can go home .. home home ... aww home 
15min POWER NAP ! heals all ! lol 26 hours !!!! ahhh XD ! hope i get everything done today X3 
seriously ?! not even an hr and 30min sleep ? really ? i love you too < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > .. but couldnt you wait another 14 hours ?! now im not gonna have any relatively good sleep for my first day home .. only have four days zomg .. this is going to be the longest half day in my life 
i love you guys .. those four days werent enough .. i miss you already but know im doing fine enjoying me time with < PROPFIRST > and his fam theyre really sweet and nice poeple <3 love you guys 
im going back tomorrow .. time has really flew .. im still missing home again bo0o .. i wish i coulda atleast had enough time to have gotten used to home .. ohio was nice i really enjoyed it .. 3 days without my love .. gahh i think thats gonna kill me most XP 
im back and im already missing him .. ahhh i love him XD <3 
after the most awsome vaca with my love .. i guess i dont mind going to work , actually im hoping for the best today .. well that and tehe i cant wait till the third X3 
just skyping makes me giddy kyah ~ oh i love him so0o much we are too corney for our own good XD 
being hopeless and silly .. mew 
infuriated ... roomates a bitch , love not answersing his phone , others not being able to help .. plans more than likely to fall through ... yep i wana be a bitch and blast music so my roomate doesn't get any sleep tonight .. damnit why cant be rude and not give a damn 
the day just became light-years slower .. and yet i cant be emo nothing seems to get me down to day .... i wonder why XD X3 
i know im going to get burned .. but ill still walk into the fire . its so cold and lonely otherwise .. i'd die . 
take that stupid sudoku , granted babe could probably solve this puzzle in less than five and it took me 28mins 28 secs ... but atleast i didnt blow up on him and go total sickening depressed emo mode and quit X3 small steps or so he's told me .. i love him 
my butt is hurting so0o bad .. im starting to limp and sitting down is no longer an option ( haha . no , its not some joke you can make up for humor im going emergencey care tomorrow ) . usually this is grounds to fall asleep , but my love is heading to sac now and going back to korea tomorrow . i want to bug him before bed . its not as bad as the first time though .. i just hav to think only 6 months , it'll fly by fast . 
how can i look at that face and not smile .. XD hes not even back just yet and im missing him reminscing as if it was long ago already .. i hope he bugs me before he heads off on his long flight across the pacific 
finally got some meds for my arse , pain killer hasnt really kicked in yet , but i found out hot showers or rags definately calm the pain down . sucks i had plans to make an organizer binder for work , get my ring sized , clean my room , and get a head start on bay orderly cause i totally didnt do it over the weekend . now im stuck laying on my stomach all day in my room with only my compo as company 
my hubby is right i take such good friends for granted maybe just a little .. and i swear after i bounce back from this bit of being in the negative ( not debt , but just beyond my personal budget ) i will figure a way to definately pay them back 
too loopy to function go sleepy till second dose at 8 ghahh i hope i wake up 
naucious .. i hate < PROPFEMALE > meds make u feel sick er than u r guhhh 
i cant get him out of my mind .. getting to see him for 26 days straight and i still miss him not even a day passing by . i dont feel lonely because i know it'll only be another 6 months and we've waited that long before . i just wanted to say i love him . 
my I & D sucked so bad . The specimen was supposidly a blob an inch deep and probably an inch and a half wide . Never in my life did I cry in pain so instantaneously . My tears soaked the paper sheet they had over the seat . Now I'm trying to eat fast so I can take my meds and KO . Got to thank the Doc n Nurses though probably the nicest people in the Med Group . 
wish my love were here to coddle me to sleep i wouldnt mind the pain as much if he were here with me 
never had something extravagant before cant i spoil myself a little ? maybe its not important to them but its important for me for them to be there . to ask for me to accept theyre abscence , not going to happen . gawd i just want to sock everyone in their effing loving faces .. i hate how your gawddamned opinions matter to me just shut up 
damnit people needa bug me im hekker lonely and bored all up in my room stuck laying here on my belly all helpless and drugged up like my sleep is all sorts of jacked up p0o 
* obnoxious attitude phase * grr roar grr nom nom nom 
every now and then i wonder if hes too good for me ... then i look back into myself and think about how ppl pass up good things .. nahh the only time ill consider that is when he decides that im not good enough for him XP X3 
floating on cloud nine .. i was actually contemplating depressive thoughts pertaining my love , but i kind of got lost in all the good ones about him .. lol im so silly . i think ill just float up here for awhile . X3 
just took some random pix of myself ... evidence that im just not photogenic . i dont smile with teeth bcuz < PROPFEMALE > i do alot of people tell me you dont know how to smile or why are you fake smiling . yea sure im fake smiling . im really thinking i know im fugly when i smile honestly , thanks . lol i freaking look like an ugly < PROPFEMALE > dude .. my reserved smile is any better either . imma just look angry in all pix from now on lmao 
reminiscing Reboot from Toonami - Hexidecimal is awesome I love her character . I want to watch the whole series over agian just because of her . If I could just watch her episodes I'd be happy . I'll have to take a look into this . 
wearing my uniform tomorrow is going to hurt so0o bad , when i go into sick call tomorrow if they dont keep me on quarters im so asking if i can get some crutches 
my rooms finally got to me ... im finally feeling that missing you feeling . for now ill just try to go sleep and tomorrow if im not hurting on my rear end ill start getting things into gear starting with my room , then my work , then my plans with you X3 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .. did some homework i still want a russian blue , but a bombay sounds good too also a ragdoll doesnt sound bad either 
update on my arse XP , got it repacked today without any anesthetics it didnt hurt as bad as first visit . i only gauged that cause tho i was gripping the seat and whining like a dog tears didnt follow . its sore as hell though . you know that naucious feeling i hate from pks , yea dont really feel it all too much cause my arse hurts . 
sic of ending up waking up sore and sweaty .. i needa get outta this room im going to end up sick with all this sleeping and laying down .. only got two postions im comfy in and after awhile my body starts to ache 
cloud nine again and no its not the meds .. bo0o when does he get off work again DX ? 
@_@ must go sleep ... hubby will call at five ish in the morn .... gahhh so sleep 
grr how dare skype fail me when my hubby just got back from cleaning up bo0o0o0o skype this is the precious time that he is awake !! 
im always happy to hear his voice or see his smile .. i feel like im a silly puppy greeting its owner home .. hahaha a horrible analogy . who cares * glomp * XD 
hope hes having fun out and about with his friends .. im always kind of thinking about him X3 <3 
i wonder if im always on his mind the way hes always on mine .. i mean i hope im not distracting him from work , but i hope i make his smile at the end of the day . anyways time to get back on track alot of things to get done dome tomorrow . hopefully ill have the energy . 
going to sleep hope i dream of him .. 
got to get up wanted to do alot today .. mustnt fail , but my sheets are so damn soft and comfy cant fight theyre cuddliness .. oh noes DX 
random dream about me talking to an ex and him telling me hes doing great ... and my love talking to a friend on skype and invited me to to chat with her with him like in a chatroom style thingy .. so weird . 
gotta get up in 3 hours wth am i doing up ?! oh yea forgot to take meds damn it not again .. its hard to remember when your not in constant pain anymore guhh meds got my head swirly ... bahh imma try to force myself asleep after a cup of water . i hope my love is getting better sleep than me ! <3 
random emo-ness .. usually i have atleast a small insight as to why , today .. just meh . its weird cause i actually was productive today . nearly caught up with just about everything at work . go me ? 
theyre always warning about huskies ' hyperactivity and shedding , but i dont mind the shedding and it depends just how hyper . i dont mind taking the time to play , run , and train a dog . thats how dogs are , but if its just play 24-7 or get bad attitude heck no . though i just cant get over how much i want a husky theyre beautiful and friend and i love that DX 
if you dont know already youll find out very soon .. as for the futuristic details plain and simple I DONT KNOW YET .. as of last last friday , the 14th , I'm happy . <3 
alone here at the amc .. doing workish stuff . i hate the quiet its driving me insane . i know its a tues but for freaking sake its the amc theres always atleast more than one dork here . 
X3 it really does make my talking to him , thinking about him .. gahh sometimes i know were too lovey-dovey , but its so awesome that we dont care haha . a couple of people already said we'd make them gag XD lol 
despite my love has had a cruddy week , i hope i helped brighten his day somehow X3 .. cause i know he certainly makes my day XD 
today i am one of those girls .. self-righteous creature thinking ive been wayy to nice today ... someone pleaz smack me ... on second thought no .. ive no tolerance for pain .. a good scolding will do 
i dont like being in this position .. the square , the one .. i cant even say it . im going to gag and not in the way that i make ppl gag . i think ill try to go sleep ... 
floating on cloud nine like always .. i should go to sleep . besides maybe just maybe if im super duper lucky which i doubt , i might get a nice wake up call X3 
woke up thinking about how someone is an asshole , got caught falling asleep while reading something i was supposed to go over , and i missed my love's call by 8 minutes ... 8 minutes .. cant call him back cause he got offline , couldn't even enjoy my ice cream for lunch for who knows why .. this sucks 
feel like throwing up .. work needs to end now , i need a scorching shower . 
high blood pressure ....... i dont get high blood pressure . -_-' 
cant stand it much more .. sitting here in my loneliness is killing me , though the background of the amc is comforting .. i think only sleep will rid me of feeling like crap . im going to try some hot bath .. ill be waiting for your call . please .. asap . 
despite my lack of confidence , i am glad to have the side of me that trusts in people more than i should .. admittedly i dont expect much from people , but im proud to say i wont curse someone out or disrespect them when i have no right to judge them 
been watching dead space 2 walkthrough on youtube , man that game looks awesome . XD scary as heck , anyways im dying here havent spoken or talked to another human being in the last 4 hours . i know hanging with gamers n all thats not much ... but for me thats too long im going nuts . 
not the best way to start a monday morning .. today is going to be a long day . i just know it . though i had a great sleep , i know im going to be begging for bed after work . FAIL 
i feel guilty because he'll never know what that small tid-bit did for me . i hav nothing to show for it , but i guess it'll be alright . despite my bad way to start i think today will be moderately ok ... i guess .. 
i wonder is it wrong to believe in something in a fickle way ? dare i say have faith in something so unsure . i guess its not my place to want someone to trust me so easily ... but i guess , though conceited it may seem , being my own person ill choose to believe and not believe how and which way i think is fair . lets just hope that they dont find me failing them . 
hmm .. baby step i tell myself baby steps , but i feel like im getting no where . because everytime i feel like something small has actually changed .. something or someone makes me remember that theres a \FAILURE\ " tattoed across my heart . " 
my day went relatively well despite my lack of getting work done like i want to , id like to brag about my love sick obsession , but itd only lay to waste .. 
im sorry i dont have what it takes to be truely truely alone , but the fact that i love you lets you know that i will be ok <3 i do love you and refuse to let that down at all costs 
to bed to bed .. and hopefully a lovely wake up call <3 
so tell me why i put on two left feet this morning , usually id get pissed off at myself , but it was just too funny XP 
i took a look in the mirror and found i wasnt doing what i really wanted to do .. so im going to take a step back tilt my head in wonder , then step forward without regret ....... im going to buy some shiz TODAY 
going to bed thinking of him .. 
a little off the ball today , id blame myself , but i know it wouldnt help much .. lets hope things pick up . 
wash away my doubt and soothe this hopeless soul ... i have trust in you so relieve me 
First and a half to question me , don't you think your going too fast ? my answer is obvious , but i appreciate the thoughts he instilled in me . I won't lie , now that he especially asked me I can say that me , on my own , I don't doubt my decision . 
[ Insert random informationless NON-EMO post here ] ( Just cause I love you so much sis XD ) 
<3 i absolutely love him and wish all our skype chats ended so hilariously adorable like XD <3 <3 <3 
my dear AHLTA , sorry i havent spoken to you in awhile . i a few times i enjoyed your company , but i silent i stay with you . i respect you , but keep you so far from me . i promise im getting closer to one day truely appreciating you . 
lol im starting to see a pattern here .. maybe there is such a thing as being too lovey-dovey ? PWAHAHAHAHAHAH i dunt care XD . the only thing that holds us at bay is dahh uniform in civis all bets are off XD X3 <3 
<3 
<3 was thinking of the wedding and i think ive made some decisive progress .. anyways played < PROPMALE > ball today , twas awesome ! i mean i wasnt the greatest , but i did some saving moves XD and i got hit straight in the head but it didnt hurt too bad .. i admit i was a little dizzy after .. 
my love is the awesomest XD :: < PROPFIRST > vs sand t-shirt :: \Rebel 1 Fight ! \ " SAND-T-SHIRT WIN ! LMAO ahh love you so crazy <3 XD " 
I hate this , I truly despise this word and fashion . I want to mean it , but for all I know it's empty . Though , because someone out there might care . \I'll try . \ " Don't give me praise cause I'll sock you in the freaking face ... your praise is empty . Or more so there is no praise to be had . Suck it ! " 
being a loser again .. wish i had better control over my emotions DX 
not a good way to wake up in the afternoon ... gahh lets try to do this day right 
damn you sudoku you win this time but i will hav victory 
feeling alright enough to go out and have a drink despite whoevaz 
there we go agen thinking so horribly as i do ... ahh cant wait to get that reassuring call in the morn 
<3 the good out ways the bad and i want it to stay that way 
nah i jux think to much to bed i go 
eat it sudoku eat it hard ! freaking 13min 45secs .. * sigh * i know this is seriously pessimistic even after a victory , but damn my learning curve is slow as shit .. i mean i get things eventually , but im slow on the pick up . damn 
deciding to be healthy and going to run a 5k after sum push ups and sit ups .. it looks sorta < PROPFEMALE > outside 
5k was weak ! me wanty mo0o0ore , but im lazy tired and sweaty and we have exercise this week so thatll be good enough for now .. to a shower and the amc and MORE SUDOKU ! 
18:52 i hate you sudoku 
13:21 * sigh * my < PROPMALE > time is starting to avg out .. no0o0o 
im feeling a lil gassy .... 
<3 <3 <3 <3 XD 
when i see him smile so genuinely i cant help myself but be happy ... 
ZOMG Love , ive found the most embarassing picture of you ever in the history of pictures of you . its so embarrassing i think i almost want to delete it for you , but its just too hilarious ! ahh i love you hun you so crazy <3 <3 <3 
@_@ kErAyZee .. maybe some sudoku and bed ? 
bo0yah fastest sudoku 10mins 44secs haha suck it .. then again that puzzle looked easy from the start so meh 
9mins 23 secs it came so naturally i love it ! i hate that im starting to like this game . damn you love .. you might actually get me used to being wrong , what will you do when i fail to make things complicated ? dont you know thats what women do ? lol j/m , but its totally true 
10 mins 10secs alright fair enough i reach 5 mins or rather less than 6 mins i will move on to medium puzzles 
23m29s , i blame it on the fact that was shit hard lol .. took me forever to find a starting point and the same thing happened when patterns werent chaining . you win this round sudoku but im obviously winning the war .. now time for bed . i have some evil exercise tomorrow ...... EVIL i tell you 
to bed with me .. <3 love you hun X3 
i'm always wondering if love him more .., because i know for sure i love him more than he knows . 
so , i was being a jerk-off today . ok more than a jerk-off a couple of curse words that im not proud to admit . its one thing if you disrespect me , its another thing to disrespect me to the point of me reveling whenever you are in frustration , and yet another thing when you disrespect someone i care about and i know wont do anything about it . 
to bed hopefully i wish i could meditate and go sleep , but i need something or someone to put me in focus . this lonely noiseyly-quiet room drives me insane . 
sigh .. i really appreciate the demeanor in which i was approached today with that im also midly pissed off im letting quite a few of the people i actually care about down , but luckily just today i think motivated enough to make a step and its not just a baby step yay .. 
damn my emotions are running rampant right now first im pissed enuff to be sarcastic the next im on cloud nine with smileys and hearts ....... -_-' gahh cant wait to calm down 
is it pompous to say i feel like though i accomplished nothing , that i feel like i did something just by trying .. im going to go with since im asking .. yes 
i really really really love this man <3 . seeing myself reflected in something that hate , i acknowledge what he's done for me . i know were both not perfect , but with all that i have to offer , id never ever take this for granted . i want to marry him for the whole world to see , that there no one else id want more . 
totally <3 
<3 poor love on exercise .. mew , even when he's out of it he's such a sweety <3 <3 <3 
12 < PROPFEMALE > 24 secs .. back to cdcs 
9mins 40 secs .. back to cdcs , but before that .. TAKE THAT SUDOKU suck it 
you have defeated me this round sudoku .. but i will be back with a vengence 
randomly floating on cloud nine .. hoping he's having sweet dreams X3 <3 
<3 aww my voice mail box is getting full nop0o0o0oo0o .. how can i delete such adorable msgs DX 
8mins 58secs you are losing sudoku , so0n i will be able to upgrade to medium puzzles 
guess ill go to sleep .. bo0o sucks knowing i wont get a wake up call this morning and the call in the afternoon will be short DX hope i wake up in time for breakfast 
excruciating headache , cant go back to sleep since 500am , radiates from the back of my neck to the back of my skull to my temples , im not really naucious but my the pain is getting me there .. im pissed that sickhall isnt open untill 645am .. this sucks because i was hungry since last night , but i know i wont be eating breakfast this morning .. 
today .... * sigh * i dont care about getting nothing for valentines i dont want anything special no smiles or greetings .. i just want to be able to take a nap next to my love , be able to snuggle even if for just a few mins .. that too much to ask ? 
taxes took me two hours @_@ ... not a good idea to start them at 10 at night .. guhh 
i dont want to think about the stupid rough times we've gone through , right now im missing you too much . i just want to think of you , remember the times we've spent together and think about the time we will spend together .. so here's to concentrating on that <3 
i imagine he'll modify it so he can disguise himself and tackle me .. lol silly love <3 
poor love had a crappy day * imagines having the strength and tenacity to destroy whoever inadvertently caused it * brahhhhhh ... now back to the real world sad face , i think i lost my opportunity to coax a smile * sigh * i hope that something will at least lighten his load 
X3 i wont forfeit the next opportunity to make him smile , even if i fail ill fail knowing that i went at it full heartedly wanting to let him know all i wanted .. a smile 
... * sigh * i look at my banks statements and im sad face , i mean i knew that time of year was going to kill me , but i wouldve hoped i wouldve recovered by now .. nope still looking at sad bank statement and i project it wont get any better till after march guhh 
just wishing i couldve been there , to pick him up or greeted him home .. offer something simle and warm to eat .. been able to take off all the heavy gear he had on and snuggle next to him as i tucked him in bed .. theres so much more in the little things that distance doesnt let you get away with .. 
totally ate instant chow mein at 1200 gunna drink water play a game of sudoku and go sleep hoping i dream of my love , shit gotta finish his package and send it .. and send my sis ' damn i got it sitting in my room for too long grrrrrrrrr , night all X3 <3 
9mins 44secs love it ... bed 
got that sinking feeling in my gut that terrible weakness that feeds on the heart ... yep time for bed 
brain washing ... independance , self-sustaining , leading , putting the greater cause before oneself .. yet somehow now i think people are emotionally unreliable .. lead , follow , or get out the way .. im glad ive become better than what i was , but it scares me now .. theres no room for the need for someone to be there just to be there ... im drowning in solemness and im not even sulking anymore 
full circle .. im feeling a little more at ease , hopefully ill get what im looking for tomorrow . im a crazy woman so i know i dont deserve it , but maybe people can prove todays epiphany wrong .. 
for every second that i dont know im tearing up inside , for every moment that i know your keeping me away the more i know you wont come back to me .. i keep trying to calm myself down thinking you didnt lie when your just the kind of person who needs to step away , calm down , and rethink ... if your not coming back let me know now so you can end my turmoil . 
thank you , sorry , and im doing well now <3 
13mins 8secs that what i get for not playing you for awhile .. grr i will have my victory just not right now 
its interesting though i only played vid games today i feel so accomplished , got to the next part in splinter cell and dead space 2 and i learned a couple of combos on marvil vs capcom 3 ... now just some sudoku and bed X3 
9 mins 38 secs cant seem to break 8 mins grrr ... c'mon sudoku just admit defeat so i can move on to medium level puzzles 
<3 the sun always makes me feel better , i think about life with him and it makes me happy nearly excited that i really have something to look forward to .. now if i could only get the point where my ahlta isnt just a fiction of my imagination XP X3 
breathe in this day of rest soak this sun take in this air .. calm , i feel the peace my love gives me .. for their smiles this one lives free <3 <3 <3 
I want to be satisfied , but I may never be ... I'll suffer and I'll burn , but my happiness I suppose is worth the cost . I'll keep going .. what am I saying , I'm scared shitless every time . I just hope I don't break . My happy thoughts seem to be followed by negative lately ... 
7 mins 17 secs .. just need to shave off 2 mins X3 <3 
guhhh , 10 mins 5 secs grr .. got to wrap up some stuff then try to sleep 
been sitting here wrapping his gifts , haha he wont how much my heart is into the paper and ribbon , listening to love songs remember silly simple things ... he'll never ever know just how much he means to me .. its nearly tragic , i wish i knew just how much i mean to him just the same .. 
he's so adorable .. * snooze , wake up abruptly , rable-rable-rable , lay back down abruptly , wiggle , wiggle , snooze * XD <3 
why is it everytime im left with my own thoughts im thinking about how lonely i feel ... gawd im such an emo kid someone come smack me over the head 
ahlta the goddess , the dream , the far away entity that wanes so easily .. youre so perfect ........ anyways today might just be a good day or maybe i wont get a call again and itll only be average .. bo0o 
X3 <3 him 
* coddle coddle coddle * mew meow meow .. XD X3 
trying my damnest not to drink my monster , but I'm so0o0o0o0o ready to go back to my room and collapse on my bed and snuggle under my soft blanky with my emo bear DX 
PEEVED : I was running on sunshine and daisies .. nearly even seen a bit of my ahlta , then someone walks by and is like -*SMASH * * grind into the ground * GraH no happiness for YOUZ ! - and im like Eff youz mutha truka I havent felt so good in a quick minute you betta step offa et XD 
i dont know if its this monster thats got me hyped , but something has got me so high offa happy ! XD me wanty to getz some fun this weekend anyone want to go to PowerStation .. ferget those desperate boys and girls looking for game , i just want to scare them away with my ring , dance like you cant touch this and order some Midori with a side of SHOTS ! letzGO <3 
I SWEAR TO WHATEVER ON THIS FORSAKEN EARTH IF ANOTHER PERSON EFFIN PISSES ON MY EFFIN RAINBOW ONE MORE TIME I'M GOING TO BREAK , AND I MEAN SOMEONE'S FACE 
... 
downward spiral , im not surprised .. \ 
you guys know when i say im retarded or stupid im not serious right ? \ 
you know when i say im a air/space head im being honest right ? \ 
do i really look/seem retarded or stupid to you guys ? \ 
i mean i know i worry people , but do you guys think i really am just incapable of thinking on my own ? really ? im saddened that people dont expect things from me . 
<3<3<3 he just doesnt know .. 
FWAH ?! no retaliation , no counteraction , no i love yo0ou more ? im satisfied but also a little disappointed .. it saddens me im not surprized 
dont you know my babez is a sessi beest X3 with his wanabe ganster face lmao .. its tah-dorablez XD <3 
im happy <3 hes all that it takes to make my day just a bit better .. he may give up and give in at times , but as long as im trying he'll have to straight up tell me no to get rid of me 
lmao .. cant blame them i did the same thing X3 <3 <3 <3 oh love i cant wait till we make everyone else gag again XD 
i can be strong too .. now only if i can be strong enough for you 
i cant stand it .. he acts like he doesnt care as much as i do .. how long can i keep being the only thing thats stopping us from .. ill just lie here for a while . just sit and sulk in my own sadness . sit still until either he breaks or i do .. 
im just sitting here .. not sure how i should feel .. 
so0o0o so0oft X3 , nuzzle nuzzle nuzzle nuzzzle .. zZzZZzZZzz mew 
I happily accepted and felt good coming to the recontemplating of failing and striving to do better . I even wanted reminisce a true statement my former mti said about me . Though looking back , it was still constructive as it sounded before the words rung with disappointment . 
its hard not to have douche bag thoughts ever since i punched the crud out of my anger the other day .. i mean i care about how people feel , but little rude things are getting under my skin like fleas . 
i wonder i really do if im being fair to myself .. sok for now though i wont take good things and make them into something bad . ill just enjoy myself while i can . YAY tis saturday ! i need to get things done 
8mins 10 secs , and thats without second guessing myself i dont think ill ever beat my best time of 7 mins 17secs .. bahh i guess next time ill just take it to the next difficulty 
i want a ceremony where i can enjoy my surroundings , but have my eyes locked on the man waiting for me down the isle .. i want a reception where everyone is having as much fun as possible , where even though the charade is look and celebrate at and with us , it more like all i can see smiles , hear laughter , and nothing but chitter-chatter of happy , fun things . 
a ) im somewhat a romanticist <3 aka a silly fool , an adorable silly fool , but a silly fool non-the-less b ) old boxes and boxing material come in handy c ) i swear i will try to do all in my power to send these 3 boxes out to people ; < PROPFEMALE > postal service grahh you 
if i got a tramp stamp , my lip pierced , MORE black clothes , wore thicker eyeliner , did my hair draped over my face , colored my hair with unnatural colors , turned up my rock/emo/alternative/etc music ,.. would you still trust me come to work , to assist my doc , tell you good morning , ask you how you're doing ? X3 <3 
heart is racing with happy thoughts ... wish it could last forever <3 
its disgusting how hard it is to get to cloud nine and how simple and easy it is to feel so crappy your nauseous 
i hate that im innately pessimistic .. hopefully ill have a nice call to start off tomorrow right .. 
<3 <3 <3 i wuv him so much his over whelming adorable lovingness eases my tummy ache if only a little .. though i must say , seeing those staff stripes on him so0o0o0o0o awkward . the notion that im engaged to a staff feels weird . almost like i feel like a child compared to him .. hmm , he totally doesnt baby me enough tho lmao XD jeh meh 
wish my hubby was here to smother me with love , btw i slept all day until 10 o'clock since my tummy hurt , which it still feels off , but im going to try to sleep at 12 to let the food i just ate have some time to digest 
just finished an ep of house .. now for bed .. wahhhhhh XP 
<3 <3 <3 miss you love <3 
9mins 28 secs .. prahhh 
like a cold shiver down my back i remember a that fleeting distant feeling . i watched him clean his window . the light drowned out his image and his background just right . i saw things like a dreamly memory . i acknowledged the realization of just how far he his away from me . just how unreachable and helpless i really am of anything and everything that could and does happen to him . i hate it . but the feeling fades .. 
<3 <3 <3 everyday [ er more so everytime .. ] \i'll eat that with two bowls of rice ! \ " XD " 
saw a couple of old fam pix .. makes me miss them i should call home in the morn <3 
<3 X3 love <3 
ate dinner alone in my room .. rice .. chicken .. maggi sauce .. cant help but think damn i cant wait till i can can have dinner alone .. in my room .. with him <3 . no idea how happy i was when i spent those times at his appt being spoiled by him . X3 hes so good to me and i cant wait till i can pay him back <3 
who own the first second and third season of the original CSI ? i own the first second and third season of the orginal CSI ! got the second and third for 15 dollars a piece <3 yea eat that with two bowls of rice XD 
guhh im tired of looking like a broke ass on my bank statements im going to try to buckle down now ... so this lil square is going to look a little more squarer . 
my homade cure for abdominal pain ? sleep see you in the morn DX 
XD my fiance got his ring X3 seeing it makes me get a giddy cant wait till august X3 
miss him DX 
behh this weekend , just behh 
nothing like my speakman to cheer me up <3 
this weekend sucked . and its not because i didnt do anything fun or relatively good , but just because ive been in a generally crumby mood lately . the only time ive been really cheered up has been when ive talk to my love .. its a lil saddening 
X3 <3 
Skip Beat - Kyoko-chan is my hero X3 so much emotion and yet so much strength nearly ambition <3 i wish i could be as confident and strong as her , because she still has a lot in common with me 
<3 <3 <3 He's so my Love ! 
wo0o0o yay looked up some wedding stuffage .. excited if only for a bit XD . i know it wont be perfect , but it will definately be the greatest day of my life <3 
o_0 ... @_@ muh .. muhsh .. must read SKIP BEAT the anime is teh yumz .. but it cuts off short wth ?! 
he's too kind sometimes . so kind it almost makes me feel bad sometimes .. but i love him , he deserves so much more than me . 
you know when you thought you had a moment with someone , a memory you thought you both shared .. then the other person is totally ignorant of that special memory you held dear , yea udder shun .. i recall the TRUE meaning behind \square\ " though itself is a happy memory the meaning behind is cruel and sad .. " 
SHOWER ... disappointment no 5k run just a measley how ever long that run was .. but i ran it fast yay .. shower now <3 
I'm far too dependent .. * sigh * am I secretly high-maintenance ? sad face guhh i want ..... ~ stuff DX 
good night all .. did productive ish ness but failed to do stuff i know i should have been doing 
<3 love him <3 
I heart yaoi and < PROPFEMALE > , and i love to post my thoughts , but then i remembered .. gahh not everyone appreciates mature opinions openly .. sad 
KA ~ WA ~ II !!! KyAh ~ XD !!!! the best played neko play ever ! how can an ecchi manga be so adorable imma faint , total fan-girl status im saving this < PROPFEMALE > <3 
ONLY SIX CHAPTERS oh sad face .. ' -_- got me all yay for nothing .. time to go find another good one 
* sigh * i really really really ... just dont like myself when it comes to self re-affirming thoughts .. they tend to always lead down the gutter all slowly and swirly like 
<3 <3 <3 cheered me right up , oh love X3 
Kore wa watashi ga < PROPFEMALE > desu yo <3 
I can count to 10 in Japanese yay .. too bad they also have a different counting system bo0o lol 
cant lie i feel ashamed when i see that a guy looks honest to goodness cuter than me . its just sad ... yea i need to take better care of my body DX 
No0o its already 430 Ugh gtg outta here .. -_-' 
trying to empty my voicemail box .. FAILING miserably XP how can i delete such adorable messages ?! I LOVE EM TOO MUCH !!! <3 <3 <3 
My Ahlta , \ 
It's so nice to know you are still within .. learning japanese ,.. experimenting with putting myself on the spot ,.. ballroom dance ,.. || the strokes of pencil on white paper from feather-weight to harsh ,.. music blasted , dancing through my head ,.. the curve of my body to the rhythm of life ,.. complex color-detail-contrast soaking my breathe , erasing the dull from my eyes ,.. < PROPMALE > , LOVE , LIFE ~ ahh <3 
meow had a good nights sleep because i didnt have to wake up at 5 to talk to my love ... id rather be sleep deprived <3 lol 
id say something but you'd only here \Blah <3 Blah LOVEY-DOVEY <3 Blah <3 Mew Blah <3 Blah lovey-lovey-lovey <3 <3 Blah <3 \"" 
at first twas a bit uncomfortable , but then i took a second to study group dynamics and people watch .. annnd \people watch\ " . then i magically magic'd myself into a smidgin ' of charisma . then \ " ... blah lovey-dovey <3 blah <3 blah blah <3 lovey lovey mew <3 blah\ " lmao " 
oh yea ,.. look at that hard working staff go do his thing lmao .. aww even if i had the audacity to plead him to < PROPFEMALE > over him to stay home it wouldnt make a difference . darn exercises , didnt even let me get the weekend to keep him . DX 
hmm .. half a glass and i buzzed weak ... oh do i feel weak . will say though initial sting disgusting , but the sweetness that comes every sip after , very nice .. 
always question , always learn , always grow ... ill go to bed now gnight 
indie/arcade - console games ME WANTY ! = \I Must Run ! \ " and \"' Splosion Man\ " They are teh AWESOMES and me wanty now NOW " 
I want me hunny < PROPFEMALE > .. bo0o0o EXERCISE CURSEE YOUOUOUOUUUZ lol 
... the thing is , its how much you try to be there for someone . If you have nothing going on and you're not there when they'd like you to be , well , you just done give a darn . If you have something else you got to do and you're not there , then you obvious feel that something else is more important . 
i love doing and getting the little things X3 . it means alot though no one really pays attention . btw i love him oh so much .. [ insert long lovey-dovey ramble here ] .. now lets clean prep and go sleep yay 
lackluster .. i hate when i lose motivation to stuff . i already lack a whole lot of it compared to most ... guhh someone stick me with motivation . 
oh he so adorable .. im miss and appreciate every bit of him X3 <3 <3 <3 ylma fu olwsyfa 
my happiness is the happiness of the people i care most about , i wish that theirs were mine as well that way we'd all be stuck in a exponential wave of happiness XD * day dreaming * lets get swept away in the wave <3 
i like how some people have amazed me . despite their stereotype or where they've come from , after getting to know them they turn out to be really good or rather just people i can appreciate . then again there are those who turn out as sucky as they seem , but thats not the point . i just really appreciate wholesome people <3 
on the brink for no reason .. i truely am annoyed at myself for being so udderly stupid . 
i appreciate you < PROPMALE > , thank you for having that talk . simple things like that really do put me at ease .. 
every now and then i just need to see them smile .. i just need to hear their voices filled with childish glee . i miss you guys , mom , dad , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , es .. < PROPFIRST > .. sometimes i just miss you guys too much . i have to fill the empty gaps is careless gesture .. 
so i woke up to his call thinking whoa my alarm hasnt gone off yet score XD . then i was like nice i feel all rest mm yay hunny .. then i saw the time on my comp and was like huh ? 1135 , oh crap did i sleep through my alarm , no wait hed be asleep by then .. huh ? o0o he called me during his lunch o0ok cool <3 lol 
see smiles and laughs .. all i really needed . thank you guys you can be ridiculous and quirky sometimes but thats what i love about you . sorry i seem lac-a-daisy most times .. but i do appreciate the silliness you bring me X3 <3 
i love collared , button-up shirts and formal ties . i hate sweat stains on white , collared , button-up shirts and wrinkles left behind by leaving a formal tie tied for too long . DX 
.. i used his old clothing softner on my blanket . i miss him , -_- DX <3 
kyah ! i love him so0o much hes such a sweeety-pie i cant wait till we can see eachother again <3 
sometimes , every now and then , i think about how i might've hurt them or failed them and i start to cry . just like how i can remember their smile or something sweet that mightve happened and i laugh or smile on impulse . i guess it can be a curse as well as a blessing thinking about it . 
lmao .. o0ok so i didnt know which button to press on the answering machine where im trying to get my wedding reserved so i called several times pressing each button to see which button was for which . lol , on the second to last button FINALLY someone answers . XP 
SO freaking EXCITED , sure i dont have the place definately reserved but i have a < PROPMALE > at getting what i wanted so screw all you nayyyy sayers ! 
finally cleaned my room well , as clean as it gets with all the radom crap i want to keep displayed , guh i really need to find a better way to display it all , anyways who wants to be by tomorrow evening itll need a cleaning again XP 
ahhhh im so excited got my contract with the place just gotta mail it ans watcha i can get started on planning details and invite KYAH im so hyped .. have to admit though this is gonna suck with how indecisive i am XP 
hand drank this much in a good while . thanx < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > hadnt had this much fun in a while . met a lot of good pplz . gnight all ... btw miss you love call me 
i love em <3 they are my all every time i think about them and their smiling faces .. i cant help but be happy . pictures theyre like love notes 
the original CSI with < PROPMALE > grissom and everyone <3 love it 
ugh ,.. i hate recognizing closed minded people . especially when it relates to things that i actually care about . im an extremely passive person , but i have pressure buttons too . i swear .. i can get heated too . 
Friends with benefits .. gotta watch looks adorably funny 
i hate being torn at the seams .. it takes too much effort trying not to fall off the edge into that down spiral down despair . far too much , cant stand how fragile my heart can be . all i can do is segregate my thoughts for now and wait till i can breathe again . re-evaluate , take a step back , look at it from a different < PROPFEMALE > .. * sigh * my form of meditation is to run like all hell away from teetering emotions 
some of the smallest things are the hardest to do and you often get the least recognition and rewards for doing them . only reason to do them ? off < PROPMALE > it might be appreciated .. pft , * sigh * though it is just as i said small , id always do it for their smiles . always , maybe not the enthusiasticly , but always .. 
XD just loving how happy some people seem . people take the good moments for granted way too much . love you fam bam X3 
you know your pathetic when you practice smiling in the mirror because people have told you that your genuine smile looks fake and ugly .. * sigh * you know what i imagine when i fake smile , because its so adorably cute - the smile that is . me saying f-u to those people and giving them the finger .. its all good though .. 
love it love it love .. < PROPMALE > . inspire . move . feel . i dont know why but i really do appreciate how frivolous things can make us feel just about anything 
aishiteru <3 
Random mental note ill have to keep in mind . smart active cats can be clicker trained . X3 
i hate when im reminded of how much of a square i am . when im comfortable enough i can be the fun , sweet , playful , and silly girl that can have a good time , but my range/threshold for adaptability and acceptance for people that i can become open with is very restricted . i can feel myself hold back . it makes me cringe . 
o_0 .. @_@ .. -_-' i stayed up at 0500 after having only 2 or 3 hrs of sleep to talk to my love . didnt go to sleep untill about 1230 or 1330 to wake up at 1736 . just enough time to grab dinner from the chow hall . so0o , no i hope to nap for another hour , eat that lunch , then go study . gambate , watashi 
aww poor verizon wireless , having seperation anxiety are we ? lol . i loved verizon wireless and i totally recommend it to anyone with money looking for good phones and good plans . im just cheapo and 45 vs 98 dallors a month sounds awesome . <3 i will miss you vw you were an awesome service . i dont mean to cheat on you with a cheap ass deal , but meh . 
blah blah blah lubvuh lubvuh lubvuh ... hahah high offa happy the bestest kind X3 
how could you ... me ? how could you want this ? i see that . so unworthy . not motivated , beautiful .. so plain , bland ,.. useless hopeless .. when there they are so beautiful so full of life .. and this one so empty .. sometimes im in tears wondering why , why , why when i know you deserve so much more . 
went to gym again i really need someone to push me XP . i know i can do so much more but too often do i feel like i settle for less DX grrrr 
uber excited my money order went through hooray ! XD reservation for my wedding totally booked XD . ugh not willing to spend much on floral and cake though . 30 per centerpiece and 3-4 per slice uhh no . got find a way around that . still way within budget so far so yay XD . oh our wedding is going to be so unconventional i love it . 
dont give me complications after i miss my love's phone call . just don't ... 
so i had my day planned out after i got out of pt .. then i found out i missed his call and that i might miss tomorrows med group run and i had to rush my shower to make it to chow hall on time .. yea now i come back to my room and im like fuhhh wth was i gonna do 
note : Sengoku Basara : Samurai Kings 
i was a little bad today and spoiled myself , but i am teh PTing like super awesomeness like lol .. so0o time for a little spoiling .. for friday and teh sunday i gotta be on it DX 
rather be in my room KO 
i miss my love and totally wish he had stayed home so i couldve monopolized his time , but i hope he has fun whatever hes doing and i hope he calls me later <3 shoot i should totally bug dad n < PROPFIRST > up with es and rub .. bo0o guh tomorrow is a busy day though crat 
shivers .. chills .. everytime i imagine holding him in my arms again .. only 4 more months <3 
snuggle bunnies <3 .. 
must go sleep DX .. guess i just dont like not getting my morning call bo0o 
hearing a stranger say his name .. silly notions of how i first realized how i felt about him float to my head and crushing my chest four months is starting to feel like years . i just want to see him more than anything else right now . 
haven't had one of those days in a while .. when you try to do things like your supposed to and somehow its wrong .. wrong again .. and again .. no one to blame but yourself .. yea im going there , someone pissed on my day , so imma be emo if i want to 
today has not been the day , things just dont want to go well today .. but i hope things turn around maybe not for me .. but atleast i hope that things work out .. 
i swear to goodness effin talk to effin even gesture my way . i dont want to deal with complaining asswholes who have no respect for people who get dealed crap on a platter and deal , push , and move on . i just want to freaking sock their faces . spit in their soup or somethin . YOU'RE NOT EFFIN SPECIAL . you dont get a cookie for doing your job effing baby SHUT UP .. ok i think i feel a little better .. ehh er not 
ppl know its useless to say how much they appreciate others because actions speak louder than words , but many use that to allow themselves to forget that what they do is important to others . so here it is . im grateful and thankful for my loved ones . they are a blessing to me and they deserve more than what ive offered . one day ill make it worth theyre while 
love didnt call today .. i hope things are alright 
To all my FB friends , in honor of Mother's Day I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB ? 
i find myself complaining as much as everyone else too often now-a-days .. damnit . < PROPMALE > ! < PROPMALE > ! love ! guhh i need positive energy people around me ! if i obsorb too much of this negativity ill revert into \ONE OF THOSE GIRLS\ " . i already have a bad tendencey to exert emoness .. me need Happy-Go-Lucky X3 " 
arigato ne tomodachi arujei desuyo .. aieee otaku modu ne 
whatchin animus but itso lonely .. i want my love 
i picked up my dress today . i was skeptical at first . i thought oh maybe it wont look good on me sine i picked it on somewhat of a whim . together with the veil it didnt look exactly what i dreamed but it was still amazing . 
