Happy new years !!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 

Damn i can't get this girl out of mind ........ I wish time would have passed by slower when talked all night ... but it just flew by ...... 
Damn i can't get this girl out of mind ........ I wish time would have passed by slower when we talked all night ... but it just flew by ...... 
I wish she didn't just drop me off the face of her earth .......... 
Back seat driver !... Driving me crazy !.. Just so you know i know where im going with my life 
Just answer me .... 
I'm at the point where i don't care where you are and where your going .... 
Damn this day going to suck ass 
When I see your face ... not a thing I would change because your amazing the way you are ..... 
Some people call me the space cowboy .... some people call me the love gangsta .... some people call me < PROPMALE > 
If perfect is what your asking then don't change a thing :D 
It was no ones fault but mine ... it was your heart on the line ... I really fucked it up this time ........ didn't I my dear ? 
Gobsmacked 
When you think your in love you run out of coins and the little window closes ....... 
When i see your face there is not a thing that i would change cause your amazing just the way you ....... And when you smile people stop saw for awhile cause your amazing just the way you are 
Feeling terrible .... got the waste sore throat ever and a bad headache 
Don't be falling in love as she's walking away ..... 
Trying to catch that swiggly line in my eye sight ..... I look at but it always goes away ...... why do you run away swiggly line ? why do you hide ? 
I just want to know if you miss when I'm gone 
hahaha .... \Wahoo ! September 10th ! You know what tomorrow is ? Party at my house ! woot ! \"" 
Her lips her lips I kiss them all day if she let me ..... 
Its me and you against the world babe ....... get some sleep the war starts tomorrow 
She said I don't spend time like I really should .... she said she don't know me , anymore .... I think she hates me deep down , I know she does ..... she wants 
to erase me hmmm .... a couple days no talking , I seen my baby .... and this what she tells me , she said : I keep on running , keep on keeping and nothing work 
El Borto !!!!! 
OH MY FUCKING GOD !!! I HATE THIS !!..... I'M 3000 LICKS IN and I'm still not to the center of a tootsie pop v.v 
Wahoo donating blood ! :D 
I vote that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > should just eat < PROPFEMALE > and become a gay couple . 
We made it ! 
I want to see the new episode of Jersey Shore where \The Situation\ " finds out he has skin cancer and syphilis " 
I saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by not getting any car insurance :D 
If tomato is a fruit doesn't that make ketchup a smoothie ? 
Call of duty : stopping teen pregnancy since 2003 
Ugh I forgot to turn off my swag last night and when I woke up in the morning there bitches everywhere . 
What was that guy that discovered milk doing with that cow anyway ? 
Lost on the highway with two chicks trying to decide where to go D: 
Still lost on the road but also < PROPFIRST > is asleep with a fry up he's nose :D woman drivers ! 
< PROPFEMALE > just broke her head < PROPFIRST > is still sleeping nhon is lost at the kemah boardwalk and < PROPFEMALE > saved my life at the dungeon of doom She's awesome and beast 
Memories make me want to go back there , back there ! All the memories make me want to go back there , back there ! All the memories , how can we make it back there , back there ! i want to be there again . 
Man can't wait till tomorrow . The new DLC UNDEAD RED DEAD :D 
Wish I can just steal you the sunset or the < PROPFEMALE > and I just give it to you . Will you settle for my heart ? 
What a boring day 
This weekend sux balls D: 
Why do I feel this shitty right now . Not physically but emotional . 
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police . 
Why do < PROPFEMALE > ns choose from just two people to run for president and fifth for miss < PROPFEMALE > ? 
The voices in my head may not be real , but they have some good ideas !! 
When in doubt , mumble . Errmm uhh ghh grh 
Some cause happiness wherever they go . Others when they go . 
With sufficient thrust pigs can fly just fine . 
I use to be indecisive , but now I'm not sure . 
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you ? 
One day your life will flash before your eyes . Make sure its worth watching . 
What is important in life is life , and not the result of life . 
Dance like no one is watching , love like you'll never get hurt , sing like no one is listening , live like it's heaven on earth . 
Well this was a f-ing boring day . 
Tragedy , sadness , loneliness , and despair taught me that life is really a beautiful thing ; if it wasn't I wouldn't be able to recognize that anything was wrong . 
Grow old along with me the best is yet to be . 
It is better to remain quiet and be thought a fool , then to speak and no one have a doubt . 
They keep saying the right person will come along , I think mine got hit by a truck . 
Its just a temporary high because when I close my eyes I somewhere with you . 
Yesterday is history . Tomorrow is a mystery . While today is a gift . That's why they call it the present . 
If I went insane the type of behavior I would show is laughter . I would be the person laughing at death , and my own pain . The only way to get laughter insanity , is to have every last bit of your hope stolen before your eyes , and you reacting with a smile . Laughter insanity is shown in many different ways . All around it means laughing at the odd , cofusing , painful , and problmes of yourself and others . Amazing . 
I can lead a nation with just a microphone . 
Does anybody got a SAT study guide I can borrow ? 
The grand canyon was manmade right ? and the pilgrims made the hoover dam right ? 
It's true i hurt too ! Remember i loved you !... I wish i could have quit you . I wish i never missed you ! The future that we both < PROPFIRST > and the shit we been through ! Obsessed with the thought of you the pain just grew and grew ! 
when i close my eyes i'm somewhere with you . 
Once upon a time , nobody gave fuck 
I give it all just to ur have eternity cause its all that insures me . I'll give u my heart and I let u just hold it . I'll give u my soul but I already sold it . 
i don't want set the world on fire . i just want to start a flame in your heart . 
... but in my heart i'm always somewhere with you ... 
NO CHEATING . Post this on your < PROPFEMALE > and see what people want from you . \ 
INBOX IT :) \ 
1 . A baby\ 
2 . Another < PROPMALE > \ 
3 . love\ 
... 4 . kiss :) \ 
... 5 . friendship\ 
6 . cuddle\ 
7 . Long relantionship \ 
8 . Good laugh \ 
9 . An apology \ 
10 . A < PROPMALE > to be friends \ 
11 . A hug \ 
12 . Be my friend\ 
13 . Booty call\ 
14 . To go out with you 
hey does anybody know when 5 period starts tomorrow ? 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all and to all a good night . 
Never going to back down from any poke battle ! 
words are not necessary they just cause more harm . 
Giving blood ! Woot ! 
Me and < PROPFIRST > bored here f-ing < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ditching us !! Fags ! 
Hoping and praying for somebody 
this is some bullshit 
man i am seriously pissed right now . i just want a f-ing reason ! 
need to get my mind off stupid shit and me being sick . i think im going to kill some zombies . 
just beat dead space 2 bitchen 
Watching the comebacks boring 
Weird that's what I thought about you A 
I exploded today cause my friend ruined the best part of school ... my jello cup 
\I traveled 5 hundred < PROPMALE > to give you my seed !! \ " \ " Oh lumberjack !!! \ " \ " Arrrrgghhhhhh !!!! \ " Lol " 
Man today started out good but ended with me feeling like crap . 
My God saw sucker punch last night . I mean I have seen some bad movies in my day but that was bad seriously terrible . DONT WATCH THIS MOVIE . 
