is afraid that the teller pants may have to go on tomorrow ... 

the guitar hero madness has got to stop . I'm already poor ... I don't need all these new game releases ! 
Damn the mosquitos and their affinity for my blood ! ... Bite #4 has now swelled to a not-so-dainty quarter size . 
Snagged a window seat on the emergency exit aisle , Yipee ! ( Now who wants to bet they're going to ask me if I'm 15 ... ) 
Goo ... I hate tellering ... I feel so dirty ! 
Mmmm .... Swamp cooler . 
is graduating from my 6 year old bed tomorrow ( as in age 6 ... ) and moving on to a big person bed . Yay ! ha ha 
hates summer semester . 
What's the best way to get out of a bad date ? Just start screaming \I don't have any money ! You look like Satan ! \ " ... just a little wisdom compliments of MTV " 
could very possibly eat corn on the cob every day for the rest of my life . Yum . 
Brain hurts . 
just refilled my ipod that decided to crap out and delete itself ... even my ipods got it out for me ! 
So < PROPFEMALE > had this epic idea to get an anteater as a pet ... can they be domesticated ? because I am all for it . No more hunting down ants with windex ! 
Is sick of looking like < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > ... and being called \Dudders . \"" 
Making some Ramen and changing into PJ's before settling into another 16 weeks of torture also known as fall semester ... 
Burned the back of my arm on my stupid lamp .. blister the size of a quarter and scar the size of a silver dollar ( well one of the old silver dollars anyways ) ... except that its and oval and not a circle ... anyways , off to pop said nasty blister . 
Not so psyched that my roomie is dating my highschool math teacher ... 
Got accepted ... one step closer to total chaos at the end of December . 
is super excited for the fair tonight , and the big yellow slide ... and the roller coaster that is just one big loop over and over again . Also I need to know who all is coming to see the Hangover at Brewvies tomorrow night so we can figure out a time ( 8ish show or 10ish show ) let me know , everyone's invited . 
rain , hoodie weather , Austrailian Pink < PROPMALE > .... should be a good few days 
I am going crazy at work ... already 3 weeks ahead in any homework I could potentially get done here while I pretend to be a receptionist ... Somebody entertain me ! 
went up Big Cottonwood to Silver Lake this morning ... really wish < PROPFEMALE > would've never sold that time share at the cabin . 
My phones gone done and broke itself ... don't try to text me ... it will magically disapper into text message heaven after 0.5 seconds and I'll most likely not catch it before it goes . Voicemail still works if you want to get all oldschool like that . 
Got a new phone ... and the text messaging actually works ! Yipee ! 
Boo ... the drive-up window is freezing . I'm going to have to start wearing some 80's style leggings with the stirrups on the bottom under my work pants . No one will ever know . 
\My mother was a tomato ... I speak produce . \ " \ " What did he say ? \ " \ " Horrible things ... about my mother ... in a salad bar . \ " People ... Mutant Pumpkins From Outerspace is an awesome Halloween special . Go watch it . " 
feels crappy , like poop . 
Hates hippies ! My whole ENTIRE house is hotboxed . Grow up < PROPFEMALE > ! 
raked for 2.5 hours . AND it was the second time it has been done AND it was only the front yard AND it was 17 BAGS of leaves . Ridiculous ! 
Wants to know why my mom laughs hysterically at me when I ask why < PROPMALE > Harrod isn't in her nativity ? I mean come on .... she has this 80 piece nativity that has cotton growers , people with fruit baskets , bakers , candlestick makers and on and on , who are clearly NOT in the christmas story ... but if I remember my bible studies < PROPMALE > Harrod was around when jesus was born and every good story needs an evil bad guy .... 
I just want you all to know ... I won the snowflake competition at my work . Ha ha . 
5 tests in the next two weeks + moving + finding new job = cranky < PROPFIRST > 
Chistmas : Lizard lamp replacement , check . New water bottle so I can double fist , check . Dirtbiking helmet so I don't crack any more teeth while being irresponsible , check . Nitro Circus DVD so I can get more ideas of irresponsible things to do , check . < PROPFIRST > Galaxy 2 so I can devote even more time to nintendo games , check . Snuggie , wait did I just say snuggie ? Oh yes , I most definitely did . Big . Fat . Check . 
84 Honda XR 100 .... midget sized . Can't wait to ride it ! 
Oh no ! My mii on wii fit grew a belly . Crap ! 
Nom Nom nom ... banana muffins ... 
My brother is the coolest ... I was just going through an old computer to decide what files to keep and saw that he had some pictures so I browse through them ... and they are all pictures of Piplup the Pokemon and flat top haircuts . Oh Nate ... you are awesome ! Thanks for the laugh 
So I'm thinking of naming my car ... How do you all feel about \Abed\ " ? ( in honor the coolest indian character on community ever ... ) " 
Quick ! Everyone drive down 3rd west .... but don't get sucked in by the gravitational pull of Utah's finest morbidly obese population . That's right , The Biggest Loser auditions outside KSL ... man I'm glad there was crappy traffic on I15 so I was required to pass this detour of epicness ! 
weirdest day ever .... We got the apartment we wanted so I am way excited ... and I got robbed . There's only one way to handle all this oddity ... That 70's Show , here I come ! 
does anyone have a dresser and or washer/dryer that they would like to sell me for cheap ? I could just look on KSL ... but that would mean I'd have to talk to strangers ... stranger danger ! Anyways , let me know ASAP . Thanks ! 
Moving day tomorrow , can't seem to wrap my head around it . Thanks to my twin everything is packed , clean , and ready to go . 
:( 
So nice to have < PROPMALE > World a block away , glad I ran into my aunt < PROPFEMALE > so she could direct me to the M&M's ( because of course I will walk the entire store 5 times before asking an employee where they are ) So I'm thinking they'd be in the food aisles ... nope , opposite side of the store by the bath stuff . Epic fail < PROPMALE > World , epic fail . 
Made a blog because I was uber bored ... but it's private so if'n you are wanting to read it send me your e-mail address . 
Got a < PROPFIRST > library card today . Yayyyyy ! 
Best ChaCha question of the day : \What percentage of gingers are pure-bred ? \ " ha ha ! " 
Mmmm .... homemade sugar cookies with cream-cheese frosting 
sunburned albino = giant :( 
Worst night in awhile ... SLC and I don't get along anymore 
How have I not discovered My Name Is < PROPMALE > before ? I mean < PROPFIRST > ... and Crab Man ....? epic . 
You know you live in < PROPFIRST > when you go through the drive up at Burger < PROPMALE > and the \vehicle\ " in front of you is actually a horse .... " 
Picked over 20 pounds of raspberries this morning and made some jam ... 
loves these afternoon summer thunderstorms . 
there is a free airline safety escape slide on < PROPFIRST > craigslist and I really want it ... if only my neighbors wouldn't care about a slide from our balcony to the parking lot .... 
pretty sure the Price is Right is just about the most motivating tv show to work out during ... with all the epic Jazzy wheelchair and diabetes supply commercials ... I mean as much as I want a Jazzy I'm just not sure I'm ready to be that 300 lb old lady in a mumu . 
can't wait can't wait can't wait for Mockingjay to come out on Tuesday ! 
Someone fed the couch Cheerios and it might have been me ..... 
Jumping off the bridge at 3rd dam = SO cold 
on a mission to steal < PROPMALE>'s garage key ... I need a good ambush tactic . 
so I'm not sure how I've managed to never have tater-tots before now ... but yuuummm . I may have myself a new favorite food . 
When I win McDonald's Monopoly game and become all sorts of < PROPMALE > ... I am going to buy a Kitchenaid . 
Wow , I forgot just how epic Home Alone is .... classic ! Maybe it's just lack of sleep but I am laughing at least every other line . 
My idea of a fun time .... trying to clock in at work about 50 times because the machine can't read my fingers that somehow may have gotten superglue plastered all over them . 
Homemade caramel corn , bread , and corn chowder .... guess whose mii is going to grow a potbelly again ? 
Gee , Brain , what do you want to do tonight ? .... The same thing we do every night Pinky , try to take over the world ! 
Yumm .... Diet Coke , my life's essence .... 
Want to know what makes my day ? ... Not having to take one of my finals because the lowest test score is dropped and I already have an A .... 
