< PROPMALE > is retarted 

whats to < PROPFEMALE > with some friends 
whats to go on a vacation ...... =[ 
ITS MY DAY OFF !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sooooooooooooooooooooooo bored . I CANT SLEEP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SINGLE ......... but heart broken 
why is life going down hill in what is Supposed to be the best years of my life 
at the apple store chillin the i pad is alsome 
wants someone to hug 
Time flies when your bored ........ NOT !!!!!!!!!!!! 
im frezzing my ass off at the computer 
I will become < PROPFEMALE>'s number 1 stalker !!!!........ wait that sounds bad doesnt it 
heading home . dont you just love work =( 
why is it that what people say can hurt you more than a physical injury 
my ass hurts from sitting in this chair to long 
Missing you 
time for youtube goodbye and goodnight facebook 
im gonna go in there hit him with the remote and till him to fix the TV 
OMG this fucking remote is the devil 
Mr. Price is the coolest professor ever 
i hate falty connections grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr !! 
i pooted ...... WELL FUCK YOU !!! 
grr class starts in ten minutes 
< PROPMALE > NOW HAS INTERNET AT HIS HOUSE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
home work is now done and now im bored 
You never know what you have until you lose it , and once you lose it , you can never get it back . =( 
I hate college algebra . I wish I had thacker . 
Is it possible Im over reacting . No it cant be , shes worth it . 
The only reason i post statuses on Facebook is to convince myself that people care about me . 
wishes that the class of 2010 was still together 
Things that I wish I could say to others . \ 
1 . Why wont you treat me like the adult I am ? \ 
2 . Am I really your friend or just an annoyance you fell you have to deal with ? \ 
3 . Why do you lead me on ? \ 
4 . Why did you leave us ? 
wishes he could take back the things he did in the past 
You know how when you eat hot wings and the sause splashes on the rim of your mouth , it kinda burns a little ...... MY MOUTH IS ON FIRE !!!!!!! 
home work is so tedious , but < PROPFEMALE > with friends makes it funner . =) 
home work is so tedious , but hanging with friends makes it funner . =) 
Wondering when it will all come together 
You invite your friends over to help keep your mind off things ..... Well thats kinda hard when THEY FALL ASLEEP ON YOU !!! 
I get it . you only talk to me if there is no one else to talk to . 
Feels like a dumb @$$ ! He forgot to finish his algebra homework on time and got a 5% on it . 
Theatre test today . Wish me luck . 
To do homework or not to do homework that is the question 
Just met the most alsome people at WKU !!! Thanks for an alsome time guys and i cant wait till i actually enroll down there !!! 
wants to throw a big ass party . have all his friends come . drink and smoke his woes away and start a new the next morning 
Another night alone . I can't help but think that I deserve this . 
Wishes she would talk to him 
Keeps pressing home like a dumb ass , thinking something different is going to happen . 
Feeling nostalgic . 
sitting in english .......... damn im bored 
Listening to : Swing life away - Rise against 
The power of Christ compels you ..... to DEATH !!! 
Cant wait for tomorrow ! 
Sitting in the green room at WKU . 
Do you ever wish we could go back to a time when things were simpler ? 
\Hey axe murderer make me a bacon pizza \"" 
Was pissed this morning , but after being forced to smile while working drive-through , I feel better . Its weird how things work that way . 
Dad is in the hospital for blood clots in his lungs ....... 
Lets be serious for a minute . You aren't my friend anymore are you ? 
I think I just got high by playing Schism-Tool on Guitar Hero , while I was half asleep . 
Ha I don't have to take the test again because I got a hundred on it the first . 
Dad is back home for now , Im glad to have him back . He might have to go back to the hospital again . 
Should I get my hair cut ? 
GOT THE BEST HUG IN THE WORLD TODAY !!! 
chilling at < PROPFIRST>'s house . 
Yeah ... so ... it's pretty much all over for me now ........... 
Ok I want everyone to be as brutal as possible . Please tell me my flaws , things you don’t like about me , or ways I have changed for the worse . 
\Did you just pull bacon out of your bra ? \ " \ " Yep \"" 
THE NUMBER ONE KICK ASS ZOMBIE KILLER !!! 
So I wrecked my car today . 
Why does dad get to drive the rental car ? 
Well my car is now officially totaled . =( R.I.P. < PROPMALE > I knew thy well . 
So bored . Wish someone would talk to me . 
NUMBER ONE HUG GIVER !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgrim VS The World ......... EPIC !!!!!!!!!!! 
\Did your web-cam come with a bulit-in laptop ? Sweet so did mine \"" 
So I just bought a surroundsound system for my xbox , but now it's no longer in HD . =( 
30 out of 50 McNuggets is good right ? 
I thought I was late for school today , so I was doing 85 on the BG and got pulled over . Turns out classes were cancled . What a bitch lol ! 
taking pics of our blocking for acting class =] 
fucking Stupid ass Xbox live service !!!!!!!!!! 
who all uses twitter ? 
Finaly off work ! 
\Please enter your password\ " \ " I have a password \"?" 
