i am soooo bored 

really hating this closing thing ! i want back on my days !!!! i dont want to just sit here and wait to go to work . 
< PROPMALE > and i out on a proper date ! been almost a year since we went out . 
what a boring night tonight , very slow all night . 
damn it who got my turtle ? 
i'm finally back home ! think the only thing i'm gunna miss is living in town 
T G I F , its about damn time . 
stupid snakes got mites again . biggest reason i hate living in the country !! 
stupid cranky , sick , bitch strikes again !!! i guess i should look at it as 3 day weekend . 
Leave one memory that you and I had together . It doesn't matter if you knew me a little or a lot , anything you remember . Don't send a message , leave a comment on here . Next , re-post this as your status and see how many people leave a memory about you . Leave it for 24 hours , it could be ......... interesting what people remember about you !! see if anyone has anything i dont remember ! 
loving my 3 day week end , just sitting around doing NOTHING ! yay ! 
congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > on the new baby !!! 
my mom is here . . . first time we have seen each other in 9 yrs . . . . this is sooo exciting 
we won our competition at work last week , nice change of pace for us 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give you a baby . A house , she will give you a home . Groceries she will give you a meal . Give her a smile , she will give you her heart . She mulitiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you give her crap , be ...... ready to receive a ton of shit ....... Post it on your wall if you agree , hope to see every girl repost it 
so night from hell get a call at work that my place is on fire , finally get home to fine everything in my living room , kitchen , hallway , and bathroom covered in ash and soot . but we are all ok and all the animals are ok but for now im homeless 
ok well so after assessing the damage we have no kitchen , or much of a living room . so right now the things i need help with is mostly the reptiles , and tortuous , water turtle , fresh water fish , snake , lizard or cat supplies would be most appreciated , but anything u use in a kitchen would be great , dishes , pots , pans , utensils , or any type of small appliances would be great . 
so its odd , i think i am more mad at the fact that i cant get help getting the fire cleaned up then i am about the house catching fire . gurrrrrrr ppl suck 
tired of facebook being retarded . . . . gimmie my messages gurrrrrr 
gawd this sucks , im sick as hell and have to get up at 3 am tomorrow for my first opening shift . why does the world hate me . 
well my first open went well but i hate being sent home early . 
gawd im dressed up with nowhere to go 
OMG is it bad to say hitting my head with a hammer would be relief from this headache ? 
Brown , a 13 year old boy in Texas shot himself in thehead after years of bullying/torment for being gay . < PROPMALE > Walsh , also13 , < PROPMALE > himself from a backyard tree . < PROPFIRST > Clementi , 18 & a freshman at Rutgers , jumped off the GW Bridge -his roommate broadcast video of < PROPFIRST > with another guy . Today , I STAND UP TO THOSE BULLIES in their honor . If you care to STAND UP with me , please post this as your status ! 
ok so i have to say something about the abundance of stupid ppl today . so there is so far 3 ppl today that have posed up when they are not going to be home !? so i just want to make sure that they realize that all they are doing is saying , \hellow robbers im going to be out of town/state at this time and so if you want come on in and have some stuff go for it !! i mean really ppl how stupid can we get ? " 
in every 10 people are born gay . That means 1 of every 10 people are instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , andso much else , all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens aregoing to suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better , and you respect them for who they .. are , copy and paste this . Most of you won't , but let's see the 5% who will . 
Youand I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would yousay to me ? ( NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in yourstatus -- fair is fair -- play along :oP ) 
Fake (+) (+) Perfect ( o)(o ) Perky (*)(*) Cold (^) (^) and even Grandma's\\ . / \\./ Big ( o )( o ) or small (.) (.) Save them all ! Repost for Breast Cancer Awareness !!!! or just cause its funny ! 
Choose lyrics from any song that remind you of me and post them below . . . re-post this as your status . . . and I'll think of some that make me think of you ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same , for the NSPCC . Until Monday ( December 6th ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . 
Read each sentence : This is this cat . This is is cat . This is how cat . This is to cat . This is keep cat . This is a cat . This is retard cat . This is busy cat . This is for cat . This is 40 cat . This is seconds cat . Now read every third word in each sentence :) 
So let me get this straight ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is on his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE ; yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL 
got to love how bullshit drama brings out the children and ignorant people , but you get to know what ppl really think about you when they hear the stories and believe them . rather then just shrug their shoulders and say whatever . 
well the home test is positive now its time to go to a doc :) :( 
its official i am prego , guessing about 11 weeks , ultrasound next week ! 
so currently my phone doesnt work , so noone can get ahold of me sorry ppls ! 
