massive party at 3172 westwood drive , doraville 30340 come over here at dark and get crunk ! 5 bucks a cup drink all night 

tonight were getting FUCKED UP ! 
i need a winn-dixie grocery bag full of money right now to the v.i.p. section ! 
< PROPMALE > over 
just sprinted in my boxers to get the trash to the street in time . made it just in time ! 
what the hell dawgs ? 
says what the fuck ? 
Aww its ok Gerogie Tech ...... but i mean come on , did you honestly think you would win ??? 
roll tide 
GO FALCONS !!! look for me at the game ! 
Today I swore that I wouldn't Mourn ya Cloud over California If that's the way it's gonna be then I'll fuckin ' go it alone I'm a saint in sinners eyes Curse the clouds over California 
writing and studying , studying and writing 
finals and then im done ! and today at 11 there is a powerlifting competition at < PROPFIRST>'s if anyone wants to see . should see a number of world records fall 
its so pretty outside even if its freezing cold and raining . it was a good day to go run with skeletor even though by the end of the run it felt like i was breathing liquid nitrogen ( which would be pretty badass by the way ) 
And I ran , I ran so far away I just ran , I ran all night and day I couldn't get away 
I LIKE SHREDDED WHEEEEEAAAAAATTTTTT !!!!!!!! 
is bored as hell and wouldn't mind being somewhere else in particular right now 
< PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > of the jungle 
4 8 15 16 23 42 
I turn polar bears white and I will make you cry . I make guys have to pee and girls comb their hair . I make celebrities look stupid and normal people look like celebrities . I turn pancakes brown and make your champane bubble . If you squeeze me , I'll pop . If you look at me , you'll pop . Can you guess the riddle ? 
riddle of the day : There is this 6 digit number ! The tens digit is 2 more than the ones digit . The hundreds digit is 2 less than the tens digit . Now the hundreds digit is again equal to the thousands digit . The ten thousands digit is 2 more than the thousands digit and the hundred thousands digit is 2 less than the ten thousands digit 
Riddle of the day : A woman shoots her husband . Then she holds him under water for over 5 minutes . Finally , she hangs him . But 5 minutes later they both go out together and enjoy a wonderful dinner together . How can this be ? 
Riddle of the day : < PROPFIRST > , my son , is exactly one fifth of my age . In 21 years time , I will be exactly twice his age . My wife is exactly seven times older than my daughter , < PROPFEMALE > . In 8 years time , my wife will be three times older then < PROPFEMALE > . How old are < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > now ? 
Riddle me this : What can run but never walks , has a mouth but never talks , has a head but never weeps , has a bed but never sleeps ? 
Riddle me this : What lives in winter , dies in summer , and grows with its roots upward ? 
LEMON ! 
remember kiddos , socialism isn't a dirty word 
For there is such a difference between the way men live and the way they ought to live , that anybody who abandons what is for what ought to be will learn something that will ruin rather than preserve him , because anyone who determines to act in all circumstances the part of a good man must come to ruin among so many who are not good . 
new periphery = Metal 
Believe in memories , to resurrect me 
dont worry about those death threats < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > stone . those guys are a bunch of fucking pansies and arent long for this world . go freedom of speech and FUCK extremists , < PROPMALE > qaeda , and the iraqi militia 
< PROPFIRST > + skeletor 4 life 
goodbye finals . goodbye icollege.com . goodbye gpc dunwoody traffic . goodbye homework . goodbye boring classes . goodbye school , you will not be missed 
maybe its cause im on , maybe its my dougie .. 
RELENTLESS 
its about to go down Algeria 
WE ARE < PROPFEMALE > SUCK OUR DICKS !!!!!!!! 
football tomorrow at 5pm livsey elem . school . if you want to come play or need directions call me 
thank you to everyone who came out to play football last sunday . it was a lot of fun 
who dat said they gone beat dem saints ? um ... me biotch 
im so proud of my falcons . Iv been a die hard fan for a long time and they have never done this well . first in the league !! they are definately going all the way . its the year of the falcon . throw it to < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > aka \balls \"" 
go birds . need i say more ? 
just snowboarded in the atlanta snow 
damn you bills and publix for taking all of my money . damn you . 
