I am going to sleep now . Really . 

Life is an onion that you peel crying . -French Proverb 
It's Doppelgänger week ! Change your profile picture to someone famous you have been told you look like . 
You know what I love about pie ? As you eat it , it creates a graph of how much pie is left . 
I missed my mommy so much today . It was her birthday ... It just doesn't seem fair that I lost her so early . :( 
It's like swimming , but inside out ! 
Becoming a mother is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body . - < PROPFEMALE > Stone 
Surgery in the morning ... I'm trying not to fret . These damn skin prep wipey thingies made me itch terribly though .... 
I'm stitched back up and all is well again ... 
Crap . I just realized it's time to make dinner and I can't drain pasta , open cans , or slice vegetables . FML ... 
BBQ pork ribs , < PROPFEMALE > cornbread muffins , baked sweet potato rounds ... I can't wait till I can cook again . I am so hungry ... 
OK , that's it . The pain be damned , I need to go cook something good to eat . :P 
is playing Bubble Town like it's a matter of national security ... 
Love is a basket of light\ 
Grasp it so tight , shining bright\ 
Just ain't right to be caught in the night ... \ 
\ 
Damn , I hate being caught in the night . 
HA ! 75mgs diphenhydramine , 25mgs Valarian Root ... Let's see if sleep evades me now ! ( Good God , I hope not ... If this doesn't work , I swear I'm moving on to heroin . ) 
Somebody ! Help ! Go finish my family feud game .... I'm having withdrawals here ... :( 
Damn . I hate being caught in the night . 
This weather is so strange ; I feel like I'm in a < PROPFIRST > Bradbury story . The kids are getting ready for summer vacation and the rain just keeps trickling down ... 
is wishing I didn't know how to spell ... then I wouldn't feel compelled to message people corrections on their status updates ... 
Cankles in skinny jeans ... Oh Dear ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
Still hunting for a bike for the daughter ... She's set her sights on a vintage style road bike , 3 or 5 gear- the ones that sold so well during the 1970's oil crisis ... Google says these bikes are a dime a dozen , now I just need to find one ! Let me know if you have an old bike that needs restored cluttering up the garage ! 
Well , the bike has been acquired- it's a Puch Meteor Luxe ladies 3spd . Not sure of the year , probably somewhere in the ' 70's . < PROPFIRST > and I have been working like maniacs to restore it . :) I'll try to post some before and after pictures ! 
Erg . We are experiencing cracking and peeling of the pink spots after they are clearcoated . Uber frustrating . On the plus side , we kicked butt on the super fine detail work on the chain guard ! 
\Can't keep my eyes from the circling sky\ 
Just ( ok , maybe a few hours back ) watched my neighbor < PROPMALE > her little boy with down's syndrome around their front yard and make him put on underpants . I love my neighborhood ! 
We got to go see the fireworks over the water in Lodi ... Amazingly beautiful , and close to my heart . Thank you , < PROPFIRST > . 
It's HOT ... I think we're going to hit concert in the park . 
Damn . I forgot to bring wine ... 
Some people call me a space cowboy . Not sure why ... 
Erg . On the horns of a superficial dilemma ... My roots are coming in and I've gotten awfully tanned in the last few weeks ; I'm not sure if I should go blonde or bright red . Sigh * 
Due to recent cutbacks and until further notice , the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off . 
Holding resentments is choice . A choice to refuse to forgive ; and unwillingness to let bygones be bygones .... We cling to a futile need to be right , which overrides the capacity to be at peace .... usually because we don't know any other way to come to grips with the painful feelings of hurt , rejection , and abandonment . \ " , 201 0-0 7-28 08:57:57 " 
@all my MJC friends : Has anyone gotten their award letter from financial aid yet ? I keep checking my inbox :/ 
Perseid meteors tonight ! Watch from midnight until < PROPFEMALE > breaks tomorrow . The meteors will appear in all parts of the sky . Try to get out of the city if you can , light pollution's a bitch ! 
Our baby kittens are sick ... Please send your love and prayers that we can nurse them through this . They seem to have gotten poisoned by something . We lost two last night , we are doing our best to pull the other 6 through . 
Butters is doing mucho better !!! She is still SUPER lethargic , but clear eyed and not seizing . Thank you everyone for your prayers and healing thoughts ! 
Butters died earlier today ... I so hope that she is the last of the casualties ... 
I enjoy sugary tomato sauce . :D 
sigh * My phone is broken ... < PROPMALE > suck . I've been trying to fix it for about an hour now , but I think it's just fried ... 
I have rechristened my phone , ' Lazarus ' . I dunno , it just came back to life ! I am super pleased :) I can't help but think it must have seen some of the new phones i was looking at for replacement models and gotten jealous , lol . 
Ugh . Dicking around in the library , waiting for my math class to start . No homework to do yet , so this 3 hour break between classes is driving me batty ! 
Ugh ... This math class has managed to confuse me about concepts I already know ... Pray for my immortal soul . 
is folding laundry . Try not to be jealous of my glamorous life people ... 
HELP ! I need a new TV show . Help me out , people ? Gimme a new show ! :) A good ' < PROPFEMALE > ! We love the Dramas and crime fiction ... 
You know what I love about pie ? As you eat it , it creates a graph of how much pie is left :) 
Doesn't it suck that the most surefire way to get what you want , is to stop wanting it ? 
I think I just figured out whats been eluding me with my math homework- the answers in the book are wrong ! 
Dyed my hair the WRONG color ... Oh dear .. it's too fried to handle any more bleach- I'm just going to have to get creative and make it work :) 
Happy Birthday to Roald Dahl today ! 
Oh crap ... The dog found and ate my caffienated chapstick . Guess who won't be sleeping tonight ? 
Got a Tetanus , Diptheria and Pertussis shot today- As of today , 3,600 cases of whooping cough have been confirmed in California this year . I can only hope that the public is able to take this seriously after being unduly freaked out by the media about swine , avian and other bullshit flus ... 
Please help us find forever homes for the babies ! I haven't gotten much of a response from the ad I posted- If you know of anyone who might be interested , please let them know ! 
YAY !!! Turtle , < PROPFEMALE > Turtle was adopted tonight ! I am so happy ! And sad .. but mostly happy and relieved . She went to a nice Turlock girl , I predict she will be fat and happy :) 
If you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your whole world ... who \ 
isn't perfect , but is perfect for you .. who works hard and would do \ 
anything for you . That makes you laugh .. who is your best friend .. who \ 
you want to grow old with and who you are thankful for every \ 
... day ,.... Then , post this as your status ... I'm a lucky girl ! 
Always read something that will make you look good if you die in the middle of it . \ 
-P . J . O'Rourke 
Bad , bad day ... My bike was stolen from MJC . I guess there has been a rash of thefts lately , funny how that doesn't really make me feel any better . < PROPFIRST > and I worked extensively on restoring that bike , it was his Nonna's , which makes me feel even worse . I'm curling up with a bottle of wine and cheesy television . 
All night \ 
Hearing voices telling me \ 
That I should get some sleep \ 
Because tomorrow might be good for something \ 
Hold on \ 
I'm feeling like I'm headed for a \ 
Breakdown ... \ 
-Matchbox 20 
@the person that stole my bike- I hate you . I got to work nearly a 1/2 hour late today because I had to borrow my son's bike . It is too small , and slow . I would have gotten here faster had I walked . I can only hope that an answer to my bullshit is revealed before I go insane . -Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
Corndog + Apple Butter = Awesome 
This weekend my angel bought us new bikes ! Matching His and Her's beach cruisers . They are super cute ... Green and white vintage Huffy's . ( Well , 20 years is vintage , yeah ? ) Thank god . Now I can move from point A to point B again ! 
I like it in the chair by my desk . 
The radio fucking hates me . Like I need to be reminded I'm an asshole ... 
Bleh . Sleepy today . < PROPMALE>'s first Football game was on Sat . They didn't win that one , but any advice from fellow football mommy's is welcomed ! 
I just made up a new emoticon- You know the boy in the propellor hat ? Look ! \ 
K : B\ 
( He has < PROPMALE > teeth too ! ) 
Please put this on your status if you know or love someone who is gay :\ 
My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease\ 
nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but \ 
ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 
I don't wanna watch math lectures ! It's almost one in the morning ! I want to watch House , or Lie to Me , or something that's fun . I'm sick of school today . :P 
Good news yesterday , my appeal was approved ! I can now continue going to school instead of dropping out and waitressing for the rest of my life :) 
I want to have < PROPFEMALE>'s vocal cords surgically altered so she sounds like a Doberman . How cool would that be ? The burglar deterrent of a Dobie , with the compact cheerfulness that is a border collie ... We'll call it a \Cord Job\ " :) " 
Calling all of my friends in the Business of Recovery : I need info on rehab prices and resources for an addict in my life who is suffering . Please send over any information you may have for my friend , she is reaching out for help and ready to accept it . Thanks guys ! 
< PROPFEMALE > tales do not tell children the dragons exist . Children already know that dragons exist , < PROPFEMALE > tales tell children the dragons can be killed . \ 
-G . K . Chesterton 
Just realized that the staff at < PROPFEMALE>'s sushi house wear a uniiform almost identical to the ones worn by the crew at < PROPFEMALE>'s adult novelty shop . 
I'm SOOOO ' tarded . < PROPFEMALE > just showed me how to rotate pictures that upload sideways from my phone . Damned kids and knowing how to ' read ' the pictures ! 
Must . Get . Out . Of . Bed ... 
It's time to change , but I'm not sure if I should be putting on a nightie or clubwear . 
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow , it empties today of its strength . -unknown 
Urg . I can't sleep . I went to bed early , woke up , and now I can't sleep . Grrrr . 
Please put this as your status if you know or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death < PROPFEMALE > . The Rebel Alliance wants to bring peace to the Galaxy , but the Galactic Empire continues to kill innocent civilians . 93% of people won't copy and paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least 1 hour ? 
GAK . I need to declare a < PROPMALE > by next week . I have no idea where I want to go or be- Do me a favor , comment on this post with strengths , weaknesses , or suggestions . Maybe some feedback as to who I REALLY am , as opposed to who I THINK I am would help me find my way :) 
GAK . I need to declare a < PROPMALE > by next week . I have no idea where I want to go or be- Do me a favor , comment on this post with strengths , weaknesses , or suggestions . Maybe some feedback as to who I REALLY am , as opposed to who I THINK I am would help me find my way :) ( Yeah , I reposted . Im a douche . :P ) 
As of this morning : I can ride my bike with no handlebars ; I am the lizard < PROPMALE > , I can do anything . ( Or is that two many obscure song references in a row ? ) 
Omfg ... < PROPFIRST > smith unfrfiended me !? Somebody send me a link so I can give him a ration of shit !!! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! Time for me to get the goulash on to simmer , run some errands and costume the kiddos ! 
shouldn't leave her facebook open on her daughter's computer . HAHA-HA MOMMY ! :D 
Needs to find some spiritual boost to absorb on a weekly basis . I've decided that a Sunday spent in spiritual reflection is the cure for Monday . 
\Give yourself fully to God . He will use you to accomplish great things \ 
OMG , this is GREAT . ( Thanks < PROPFEMALE >!) I just adjusted the language in my facebook account settings to ' English ( Pirate )' It's HILARIOUS . 
So bored .... My tutees bailed on me today ... Even changing my facebook language to ' pirate ' is starting to lose intrigue . 
< PROPFEMALE > : SERIOUSLY !? Are you KIDDING me !? \ 
Mommy : Why yes , < PROPFEMALE > . Your whole life , everything up to this very point has been one big practical joke . BUZZINGA ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > : Seriously ? You are so retarded ... 
OK , the novelty is gone and now I'm just annoyed . Goodbye FB Pirate language . 
Just in case anyone was wondering : Yes . Bird feathers can be dyed using human hair dye . The quills don't seem to want to take , but the rest ended up fairly dark . ( not ' < PROPFEMALE > Black ' like the package said , lol ) At any rate , < PROPMALE > can color in the quills with permanent marker . We should start sculpting this weekend with any luck :) 
Must . Get . Dressed .... I don't want today to be here yet ! 
Still exhausted , but at least the day is over now ! 
Hair dye didn't work . The feathers have just entered a dyebath of black food coloring . I will exhaust all options around the house before buying acid based dye :) I've begun chronicling my feather saga for any interested parties :) 
To understand unconditional love , lock your wife/husband and your dog in the trunk of your car for an hour . When you open it , notice who is happier to see you . 
Benji ( tentatively , in Ross ): Excuse me , Ma'am ? Coughs lightly * Do you have any change you might be able to spare ? I'm afraid I've come down with a bad case of ( Does the hair flip and puts on a pair of mirrored aviators ) DISCO FEVER !! \ 
My kids are the coolest people I know :) 
I MADE THE RED ROOM !!!! I will be booking a private space at the FatCat for my Birthday ... Save the date people ! 
Thinking about brining the turkey this year ... Maybe apple cider ? With salt , sugar , bay leaves , peppercorns and cinnamon ? I'm thinking yes :) 
Turkey is brining , rolls are done , Yams are done , pumpkins are roasted and pureed . I need to chop the mire pioux for the stuffing , peel the apples and bake the pies . Still trying to figure out how to sneak pepitas into the stuffing .... 
Happy Thanksgiving ! I am still in bed ... Gotta get up and get that bird in the oven ! I like this brining business though- 3 hours for an 18 lb bird ? That equals more sleep for me ! Here's hoping everyone has a good day today :) 
UGH . Tired . Cooked enough to feed a small army . Cooked enough to feed my small army for the next week . Thank goodness < PROPMALE > wants left overs for his birthday ! 
Good night , Cruel world ... I have to sleep . 
Yesterday , my screen cover completely lifted off . I went to Zagg and ordered a replacement , and then started futzing with the old one . I washed off the fuzz with hand soap and warm water and reapplied it with a lot of < PROPFEMALE > and a tube of lip gloss ( for a squegee ) Now the old one is good as new . Go figure ! 
This is a Campaign for Children's rights to speak out against violence on children . Please support and share this to everyone . Please change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , Dec 6th , there should be no human faces on facebook , just an invasion of memories . 
When is FB going to install a ' barf ' button ? 
Truly great people inspire us not with the magnanimity of\ 
their superior < PROPFEMALE > , but the commonality of their shared humanity . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Cohen 
I am going to learn how to use my camera this winter break . This is a goal and a resolution :) I'm not taking a class , I'm just going to buy or borrow books and figure it out . < PROPFEMALE > ... the question is- which books ? This is a general question , but especially pointed at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ( although I can just ask < PROPFIRST > in real life , lol ) Which textbook is the bible ? I'm shooting with a Sony a ( < PROPFEMALE > ) DSLR-A330L 
OMG ! I have a new House to watch ! I'm going to bed ! 
It is really time for the semester to end ... I'm supposed to be working on a speech about < PROPFIRST > Leary , instead I have spent the last hour researching conductive thread so I can stitch little circuits into my gloves so I don't have to take them off to operate my phone ... 
Got a lead on a loft bed ... Keep your fingers crossed for me ! 
AAARRRGGHHH !!!! After over twenty years of faithful service , Revlon has betrayed me . What was supposed to be a lovely medium red haircolor is now an ashen mousy brown . I am so pissed . This is like < PROPFEMALE > in reverse ! 
Hair is fixed . Whew . I had to apply a soap cap to get the ugly gray-green color to lift , but it feels relatively healthy . It is now a medium toned , but very bright auburn . ( < PROPFEMALE > , you are my muse . ) I'll post pictures later :) 
There ! Pictures of my hair , as requested . I look a bit pink in some of them , the easiest camera in the house is < PROPFEMALE>'s Web cam , so they're a bit grainy . I'll see what I can't do over break to commit my hair to memory ... 
One final down , one more to go . And then a potluck ! I love classes that have parties instead of final exams . Community College , I will miss you . 
No more pencils , no more books , no more teacher's dirty looks !!!!! Finals are OVER ! Now maybe we can focus on Christmas ! 
No school , no work , no appts , no concerts , no assemblies .... I am going back to bed ! The thought of getting more than 5 hours sleep is making me giddy ! I'm going to lay here in my bed with my dog and rest :) I'll clean up the house later , when I get up . 
\All of Facebook(This Week ) \ 
No jury duty tomorrow ! Yay ! Another civil duty shirked :) 
The Walmart on McHenry has a tree of children to buy presents for . From what I understand they are all local < PROPMALE > children ... If you have even a little bit of Christmas budget left , it means a lot for these kids to have something to open on Christmas morning . 
Ready or not , Christmas is here ! I will braid the challah bread in the morning , and we'll have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . I hope everyone's day is filled with joy and peace and not too screwed over by presents :) 
I believe that watching television is like masturbation . It should be done in private . If other people talking are going to kill your concentration and ruin your experience , maybe you shouldn't be in the middle of the living room ! 
Best Chinese food in < PROPMALE > ? Any suggestions ? I want something nummy for my birthday dinner , but not too pricey either ... 
Who's downtown ? I know , I know . Nobody . Nobody is ever out tonight . :) We're at skewers if anyone's up to drink early ... 
OK . Not at Skewers anymore and finally realizing the usefuleness of foursquare ... 
OMGoodness ... < PROPMALE > Weeter ( AKA < PROPMALE > ) just likened < PROPFIRST > Verderame to a ' < PROPFEMALE > apple ' on a ' tree of tart fruit ' . Apparently I had really bad luck/choices with BF/Husband prior . LOL . 
Ugh ! I swear I'm going to make a quilt out of all of these cheesy , matching thongs that seem to come with every nightie and/or corset I own ! I'm sure they would look better as quilt , erm- triangles , than they would on my butt ! 
Figures . The one time I decide to be ambitious and make a double batch of meatballs and i forgot to add egg ! Ugh . 
Just as surely as distress must follow self-deceit , healing must follow self-honesty . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
It's time for new towels but I am NOT paying $14 a towel ! Don't they make good old-fashioned NON-luxury towels anymore ? 
OK , its time to get moving ... I have to suit up and show up for my second first day of school :) 
DUDE !!! I got enough sleep two nights in a row , and I've had two episodes of eidetic ( photographic ) memory return ! I feel like a teenager again ! 
OK , so I'm pretty sure that all of the animal deaths were caused by the creation of a new zodiac sign ... 
Driving test today !!! AAUUUGGGGHHHH !!! Wish me luck everyone ! 
FAILED . Miserably ... Today was sooo not my day . Just trying to get through the rest of it so I can take myself to bed and lick my wounds ... 
So I fell , and I'm getting back up :) 
Walt Disney was fired from his job at a newpaper because , according to his editor , he \lacked imagination and had no good ideas \"" 
Aaauuuggghhh !!! I can't believe I'm not with the girls helping them get ready for formal !!! 
Brrrr ! We forgot to turn the heater back up yesterday when we got home , its freezing in here ! 
OK friends ... I have a prayer/good vibe/ energy transfer request . The inflamed lump is back in my right breast and the pain and fear is really screwing me up ! Send some good healing my way today please ! I go to the Doc today , but I really don't want more surgery . The last time he cut out about a half cup size off my smaller breast ... And for anyone that this is TMI , feel free to unread , LOL . Thanks everyone ! :) 
Missed my bus , hitched a ride with an angel masquerading as a random dude in the Laundromat ( I really need to not do that ) got my boobs poked around and 500 mg 
Getting my little big man ready for sixth grade camp ! This would be so much nicer if my boob wasn't threatening to self-destruct ... 
My baby is gone to 6th grade camp ! He's never been away for so long before ! He was fretting just like a man too , bitching and worrying about me having packed too much stuff ... I was pretty irritated yesterday and this morning , I had to keep reminding myself that he was just displacing in a ' socially acceptable ' manner . I think it will be a good experience for him :) 
OK , I better get my ass up and go to work . I hope they weren't expecting me to shower or wear makeup ... 
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life . ~ Ludwig < PROPFIRST > Beethoven 
Crap !! I don't know when Benj is due back ! It was either 2 or 4 ... I think I threw away the damned note ! 
Sick ... Maybe dying ... I'll keep you updated ... 
** HELP ** I need a copy of mean girls to watch tonight for homework ! Does anyone have a copy I can borrow or a link where I can watch online ? 
Somebody post on the Fat Cat wall so I can earn some points ! 
Happy Groundhog Day ! No shadow ! Early spring :) 
Self-debridement = shocky nausea 
I propose a facebook watch . Some apps post everyday without our knowledge . Tell your friends when you get an alert everyday that has analyzed how sexy their name is or other such silliness ! 
Can we play the what are you wearing game ? ' Cause I've got a good one ! From the shoes : Black patent victorian < PROPFEMALE > ( reproduction ) high-heeled booties , black sweater tights , a 1950's < PROPFEMALE > slip/nightie ( peach , with ruffles and lace . Lots of lace :) Black cardigan and tank top to < PROPMALE > off fashion malfunctions and a wide black belt with lots of buckles :) 
Late . On my way . 
And for tonight's dilemma ... Do I spend the rest of the night focusing on my math homework or < PROPMALE>'s Mission report ? 
< PROPFIRST > Einstein , 1879-1955 Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves . 
Gah . Can't sleep . 
Pretty sure I'm going to die ... 
And off to storytelling class ... I love < PROPFIRST > , I just wish today wasn't such a loooong day ... 
Fear is excitement without breath ---- ( so when you feel afraid , breathe ... God is in the breath)\ 
- < PROPMALE > Perls 
This is screaming photo opp ... 
Playing nightime/flashlight hide and seek with my boys = AWESOME :) 
is exhausted and overwhelmed . Seriously wishing < PROPFEMALE > , Benj and < PROPMALE > were all just one kid ... 
Reassuring call from the GATE coordinator this morning . It sure is nice when teachers work with you instead of blackballing your kids . 
:( Finally got to sneak in a little sleep and I'm having nightmares ... Awful distopian dreams where everyone is hungry or dead and I lose huge chunks of time while my children are in danger . I thought a person either had insomnia or nightmares , not both ? 
Everybody is a genius . But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree , it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
So what actually happened at the board meeting tonight ? Did the proposed budget go through ? Did we have ANY effect on the cuts ? 
Formal event tomorrow :) < PROPFIRST > has a conference in SF , now I just need to figure out what to wear ! Suggestions are welcome ; especially from those that know my wardrobe ! 
Earthquakes , budget cuts , Gah ! The world is ending , I'm going to bed ! 
I bet the waves are awesome up north :) Still trying to determine if < PROPMALE > is running or stopping this afternoon . 
OMG !! Somehow I managed to change my google settings to Cantonese , and then when < PROPFIRST > Verderame fixed it he translated it into < PROPFIRST > Fudd ! Try it ! Instead of a ' search ' button there is a ' hunt ' button ! 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . Put this as your status if you're against bullying ..... Taking A Stand Against Bullying 
Ugh . Apparently the sickness that attacked our house initially presents with being a TOTAL ASSHOLE for about 24-48hrs ; and then makes you feel like God is punishing you for your attitude for the next 3 days .... 
So excited ! Tonight I get to have a St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Dinner served up by my favorite < PROPFEMALE > lass < PROPFEMALE > Nooney Myers ! I can't wait ! 
Thank you , < PROPMALE > , for making yourself a decadent bubble bath with half a bottle of my overly-priced , special treat body wash . Grrrr ..... 
Uh oh ... Starting to not feel good again ... Maybe a siesta would be a good idea ... 
All four tires slashed and I've managed to go up two dress sizes in the past two weeks ... FML . 
All right ... We're off . < PROPFEMALE > insists that all I need to feel better and lose the chub is to walk her more often . I don't know that I'm thoroughly convinced but if it will make her happy ... 
The floor is now open to suggestions on how to freak out/discreetly bother my tweaker neighbors into going away . I'm wondering how to feed the noises of a police scanner over thataway ... 
Mjc students ! GO VOTE ! IN THE STUDENT CENTER POLLS ARE OPEN TILL SEVEN !!!!! 
Getting enough sleep is SOOO GOOD !!! Special thanks to < PROPFIRST > Verderame for making sure I got my 9 hours ! Homework is done and I'm off to get ready for class :) Who knew ? I'm not really depressed and homicidal , I just don't get enough sleep , LOL ! 
“Very true , ” said the Duchess : “flamingoes and mustard both bite . And the moral of that is—Birds of a feather flock together . ”\ 
“Only mustard isn't a bird , ” < PROPFEMALE > remarked . \ 
“Right , as usual , ” said the Duchess . “What a clear way you have of putting things ! ”\ 
-<PROPFEMALE>'s Adventures in Wonderland 
DUI check point on briggsmore right before Prescott 
Walmart on a Sunday afternoon = Fail . EPIC FAIL . \ 
Somebody remind me to NEVER do that again ... 
