pace picante sauce 

is watching gore movies . 
cop and a half ! 
bein gay . 
dank 
everyone went to bedd 
wants to do something exciting . 
life's a bitch and then you die , that's why we get high , cause you never know when you're gonna go . 
For one month , I am not doing anythingggggg . 
loves the cocks . 
you have the world in the palm of your hand . 
is watching stepbrothers . 
Mainland Divide's first show is at Vino's on Monday , January 4th with Victory Records ' Before There Was < PROPFEMALE > . Come out and chill ! 
:] 
As the structure fails , I'll pray for the fall out , for I am what I create . As the embers rise , I'll be at the bottom . When it all comes down , I'll < PROPFEMALE > the weight of the world . 
If I can choose it's only you . But how could I miscalculate , perfect eyes will have perfect aim . If I can choose its only you . 
I love Morrissey . 
feels great . 
needs new tubes . 
biggie smalls biggie smalls biggie smalls 
DYNOMITEE . 
This is an environment of welcoming , and you should just get the hell outta here . 
I'm gonna get to the bottom of this . Gonna peel back my skin , and look at myself shaking and shiverinngggg . 
RIP Tank 
Anything can happen in a split second . Things like this make you appreciate life a little more . 
is watching Religulous . 
myspace.com/mainlanddivide 
gore 
If I have to die , if I must die , I must inspire while I live . Let us at last praise the colonizers of dreams . 
Raise your flag to the wolves . 
anyone in conway need a roommate ? 
betch 
good burger . 
the world is full of passions . 
Winding road and wrong turns . With the flip of a coin your hopes come crashing down . There will come a day when our hands are open , holding one another's worries . Dry your eyes . You're not alone . 
The most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking . 
put that in your pipe and smoke it 
Since the beginning of time ' twas written in the stones that one day a band would come . Well that band has come and now they are here to come again in your ear pussies . 
go buy the new Horse the Band album . 
< PROPMALE > tenenbaums ! 
you're adorable . 
almost got blown away walking to his car . 
sick beats 
The suffering of many is the wealth of a few . 
too legit to quit 
happy anniversary babe ! :] 
is sleeping veryyy well tonight . :] 
This heart remains free from the burden of love , yet this heart will be sustained . No hope . No Compassion . I fill my heart with strength . 
passed outtttt . 
can't wait for things to really start happening . 
this shit is the shitttt 
Standing against the odds to take back what they took . Some fight with stones , some fight with guns but instead I choose to fight with my pen and my notebook . 
is enjoying his day off with his girl . 
the wrong kid died ! 
until your heart stops 
needs someone to take his shift tomorrow night so he can see Shai Hulud . 
really wants to be at juanitas right now . 
tireddddd as fuckk . 
life is good . 
big effin snow ! 
princesssss . :] 
needs to get out of here 
is having a good < PROPFIRST>'s day . 
how much longer can we take beauty for granted ? 
mwah 
perpetually awake 
is watching the running man . Awnulddd ! 
shutter island was the shit . 
I really hope this isn't as real as people get . 
Jesus was probably an awkward teenager . Big Jew fro . Bad at sports . 
Above all , be true to yourself , and if you cannot put your heart in it , take yourself out of it . 
play with passion and heart . 
Behold this day . It is yours to make . 
OH SNAP . Circa Survive in two days . 
needs an apartment ! 
doesn't feel goodd . 
heyyyyyyy gurrrrrrrrr 
durka ! 
alien zombies ! 
Bubbles is the best character in a movie , ever . 
You must have chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing < PROPFEMALE > . 
It's a half-man , half-bear , and half-pig . 
celebration ! 
Can we cast our shadows alone in the dark ? 
is moving in with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPFIRST > party wii 
22 boyee ! 
Thanks to everyone that wished me a happy birthday today . I love you all ! :] 
finished this effin ' term paper . boo yaw . 
SUMMERTIMEEEEE 
moved into his new house today . :] 
Goodbye Dio . Screw cancer . 
tubular ! 
I love my girlfriend . She made me deeneerrrrr . 
not at riverfest . 
I love life . 
I want about 4 fans blowing on my face right now . 
Off work today . Have tickets for deftones . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > soothes the soul . 
if it makes you less sad , i will die by your hand 
thinks that of all the people in the world , all the countless men women and children I have met and all the characters imagined throughout history , there is one that stands out as being the most outstanding , brave , passionate , sexy and interesting people would have to be my dear , dear friend < PROPMALE > . He is a god among men . 
@ the conservatory in okc seeing < PROPFEMALE > . 
heyyyy gurrrr 
crime in stereo broke up . 
going to work till 11 . 
I want to start playing shows again like no other . Should be soon ! 
I need a haircut . 
It's ge t-t ing be t-t er all the ti-i-ime . Betterrr , betterrrr , beeeeeettterrrrrr . 
We have a new puppy ! Its a puggle ! 
hasn't gone swimming all summer . I need to swim . 
Gaw . I'm the worst at waking uppp . 
Going to see Deftones in two days . One of the only bands I've been into since I was 12 . 
Work until 10 
My car has no CD player now . Listening to the radio is an awful experience . 
deftones and baroness were so amazing . 
Has to work till 11 . No party time for < PROPFIRST > . 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Rock . 
loves < PROPFIRST > Hatcher more than anything . 
band practice ! 
bane and tui on thursday . feelin ' it . 
Finally saw Bane . Crazy awesome . 
wants to see machete so bad . 
Work until 10 .... 
MACGRUBER 
darkest hour . < PROPFIRST > . december 4th . going . 
I just served < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Adams at my Starbucks . 
Tokyo Zombie ! 
Watching Magnum Force . < PROPMALE > Eastwood is still a badass . Murder by Death tonight . 
I'm so stoked to be going to good shows again . Bane and Murder By Death both in less than a month . The Bled and Letlive soon . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! 
Just got a < PROPMALE > flat . Im stuck I 30 on the way to class . Sweet . 
Earlyyy morning band practice . 
Watching the wizard of oz . 
Some dankkk 
< PROPFIRST > Norton's sweet in everything . 
Fight Fair is so lame . 
Nine months with my babe . :) 
The Bled and Letlive owned . Great show . 
Buy me a Fender Jazzmaster . 
Zombies everywhere ! 
Class , then some band practice with the dudes ! 
I love all of my friends more than anything . There is nothing that can change that . 
Lots of poo in Jackass this time around . 3d poo . 
Life is good . Love my girl , my friends , and my family . :) 
Watching Heroes , season one . I love my girlfriend . 
Everyone have a happy halloween ! 
Municipal Waste tonight ! 
Waffle housee 
so I have internet again ! netflix ! 
I'm thinking about selling my ESP MH-1000 . Any takers ? 
\true friendship can afford true knowledge . it does not depend on darkness and ignorance . \"" 
trainwreck 
Selling more gear . I have an esp mh 1000 for $575 and an peavey triple x for $450 . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Going to work ... :/ 
My brand new fender jazzmaster came in today . :) 
shaved . RIP beard . 
Band practice ! 
Winter break ! 
Watching Highlander . 
Sekisui with < PROPFIRST > ! True Grit later . 
Happy one year anniversary with my girlfriend < PROPFIRST > ! I love you ! 
Band practice ! Working on song 11 ! Hopefully getting my Vox AC30 soon ! 
Igibon ! 
2010 had so many good albums . Listening to Volumes now . Look them up . 
Stuck at work ... 
I made it home ! 
we started recording in our practice space today . sounding really good . can't wait to put some new material out ! 
Moving into my new apartment ! 
No work for a week ! Thursday in < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! 
Thursday was amazing . A Skylit Drive , or whatever , was probably the worst band I've ever seen . 
Trackin some bass with Wolfe ! 
8am class agh . Recording later . 
shai hulud coming to hi-tone in february ? boominnn 
I got approved to graduate ! 
Trackin drums ! 
the wronng kid died ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day to my baby , < PROPFIRST > Hatcher ! I love you ! 
listening to the new glassjaw ep . and drooling . 
Glassjaw was beyond anything last night . So worth it . Working till 11 . 
Off work for three days ! Starting guitar tracks for the new Mainland Divide full length tomorrow . Stoked ! 
Got < PROPFEMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > takeout and bought The Cure Trilogy DVD . Nice Day :] 
Someone decided to be a sweetheart today and hit my car and then run . Sucks for them cuz I know who did it . Suckers . 
My < PROPFEMALE > is my best friend . I love her . 
hate this losing an hour stuff . watching trailer park boys . 
everyone go watch catfish . its crazy . 
We're number 13 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Little Rock , AR . www.reverbnation.com/mainlanddivide 
new defeater is so good . 
I need to get my sleeve done ... 
Recording final guitar tracks for new record . Can't wait to get this done ! 
Pools just need to open up already . 
You know , Evil Dead II might be the greatest movie ever made . 
just woke up . < PROPFIRST > Hatcher looks adorable sleeping . NETFLIXIN yeahhh . 
My girlfriend wants < PROPFIRST > Swift tickets soooooo badddddd . 
Go check out my band Mainland Divide ! We're about to release our first full-length album and we're really stoked about it . 
The new Thursday album leaked . It's freaking ridiculous , best thing they've released in years . 
My second home is the freezer at Starbucks in Maumelle . 
So . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > deserves many awards because she's amazing and Converge is coming here . BOOM . 
Watching the entire Nightmare on Elm Street series on my day off . 
I graduate in 3 weeks ! 
Mainland Divide mixing is almost done . Just a little more time .... 
I be 23 ! 
thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes ! i have the best friends ever ! love you all . :] 
does anyone else have a last.fm? 
Everyone please be careful . 
Waffle House with my boo . 
Done with school forever ! Time to get on the open road ! 
Graduating ! 
Just chillin ' all day and loving it . 
I wish I could go see Terror tonight . 
Workinng . 
My laptop has finally bit the dust . 100 bucks to recover all my stuff at Best Buy . 
Watching some old Twilight Zone . 
Maybe 7th street sometime this week for some work . At practice now gearing up for some shows ! 
Work till 11 . Lemme make yo drink ! 
Red dead redemption 
Signed up for gamefly ! 
Today is hot as poop . Wish my apartment pool had water in it . 
Black < PROPFEMALE > seriously killed it tonight . Fun times . 
late night x files 
Happy birthday to my bro Keegan Doan ! 21 maynee ! 
The Carrier and Former Thieves were great . 
I'm tired of UCA screwing me . 
Hey everyone ! Go \like\ " my band Mainland Divide and suggest us to all your friends ! Greatly appreciated . " 
My poor car is in the shop yet again . $1000 down . :( 
RUSH is freaking coming to < PROPFIRST > in September . I need to shell out some money somehow . 
Happy Father's Day to all the Dads out there that really make a difference . 
I want < PROPFIRST > Dunn back . 
Watching The Thing . 
Rock For Light 
Damn , this heat sucks . I'm melting . 
Much needed haircut 
Netflix all night . 
Gettin sno cones ! 
dead space 2 like a mf 
There's been two fires in my apartment complex in 12 hours . Somethin's fishy . And it's hot as hell . Band practice . Shabang . 
I really want to play a damn show . Put my band on your show . 
Dead . Space . 2 . 
Watching Double Dragon . 
Underoath and Stray From the Path were soliddd . 
I wanna see horrible bosses so bad . 
< PROPFIRST>'s couch is now my fortress . 
< PROPFEMALE > the friendships you have with others . 
Tracking some guitar and drums 
I want to see a different city every single day . The road seriously calls to me . 
Watching Pandorum . I strongly dislike < PROPFIRST > Quaid . 
Yesss . Off work for two days . Live it up . 
Up all night long . 
Really nice day to swim . Alas , no pool . 
Band practice . No ac . 
Almost 2am . Up . 
My band , Mainland Divide , is playing our first show in over a year at Rev Room next Wednesday the 3rd . Come and support ! 
vagabond 
Getting a new computer finally . Tired of not being able to listen to any music I have 
Never ever go to Firestone . They will screw you . 
Nothing to do Wednesday night ? Go to the Rev Room around 9 . My band is playing our first show in a long time . We'll be playing songs off our new album . 
Off work for two days . Blisss . 
Tiredd . Early band practice . 
I drink your milkshake . 
I cannot remember a hotter summer than this . This is crazy . 
I have become such a cat guy . I want a < PROPFEMALE > . 
I think my car AC JUST DIED . eff . 
Playing at the Rev tonight ! Come out and be friends :) 
Other than slicing my thumb wide open 2 < PROPFEMALE > before playing out set , we had a great night ! Thanks to everyone who came out tonight , we really appreciate it . Be sure to catch us at Downtown Music Hall with Touche Amore on the 17th . 
yeah . so I have to be at work in 3 hours . not gonna sleep . 
Took a 4 hour nap . Feel soooo much better . 
Latee night . So excited to go to work today . :/ 
RAIN ! 
I have independence and freedom once again and it feels great . 
I can't believe im gonna be a dad .... 
Guys . I'm not a freaking Dad . Hell no . I hate you < PROPFEMALE > Hope lol . 
Set up the new band house today . Looks sweet . 
It's been far too long since I've gotten a tattoo . This arm needs to get finished . Three new ideas coming my way . 
Professional vagabond to the < PROPMALE > . 
I have some badass friends . 
hey 
Up 
THUNDER 
whyyyy am i awake right now ? 
I would love to hop in bed right about now . 
man time to the extreme . Extreeeme . 
Mmm batcha sayyy 
Work today , then off the next two dayss . :) Playing with Touche Amore on Wednesday ! 
People are sooooo small . 
Playing at Downtown tomorrow ! Come out ! 
Downtown Music tonight . 7 bucks at 7pm . Don't miss out on Touche Amore and some great Arkansas bands . 
Thank so much to everyone that came out tonight . Show was great . 
Freedom is in the air . :) finally . 
They allllll floatt 
I know I need to sleep , but it's so hard for me to feel like it most of the time . 
Alrightt ... off to work . 
I can't tell you how happy I'll be when I reach a bed . 
Come see me at work today . I make your milkshake . 
My milkshakes bring all the boys to the yard . 
Attention Starbucks supervisors : I really need someone to work just 4 hours for me Saturday night . If you are far away , I will pay for your gas . Please help . 
The Year Of The Tiger , War Chief , & Mainland Divide @ Stickyz ! Saturday at 9pm . Only 5 bucks . Come < PROPFEMALE > out with us ! 
Too early . 
Band practice 
My last class ever at UCA is Human Sexuality online . They decided to slip me a fast one and tell me I have one class left to graduate . Who'd have known ? Thanks UCA . 
You can see the stars out here . 
Good night . 
Tomorrow night my band Mainland Divide is playing with our friends The Year Of The Tiger at Stickyz Rock N ' Roll Chicken Shack . Doors at 9 . 5 bucks . Come < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Well damnn . 
Show was great tonight . Thanks to those that came out . Really appreciate it . Waffle housee now . 
Playing at Soundstage in Conway on Wednesday , come < PROPFEMALE > out . 
Don't trust anyone , for real . 
I am so glad I'm off for the next two days . I feel kind of energized right now . 
Dismiss me as a peasant , an imbecile , a drone . That's fine to me , you're just another creature on a throne . You'll never be the man I am , I'll never be what you are . Kill me like a coward , you do it from afar . 
Conway ! My band Mainland Divide is playing at Soundstage tomorrow night . Show starts at 8 . Come < PROPFEMALE > out ! 
Just finished playing soccer with the guys and a workout ball . Nice day . 
Playing at Soundstage tonight in Conway ! Doors at 7 , 5 bucks . 
I am tired . 
Woke up from a nice nap . Now I don't know what to do . 
At Maubucks , working until close . Lemme make yo milkshake ! 
You're my boo thang ? 
Another day , another dollar . 
I think I'm gonna get tatted next week . Couple of things I think I should just get all at once . 
Dude , Metallica rules . Used to rule . 
Do not bring your mom to get a job . 
super < PROPFIRST > 
Ehhh the < PROPFIRST > broke down on the side of the roadd :/ 
watching friday after next . up . 
\For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love\ " . - < PROPFIRST > Sagan " 
I'm cold . 
Just got off work . The day is beautiful . 
Tattedd upp . :) 
Self-preservation is essential in understanding life . No clue why some people fail to realize this . 
Raining pretty good right about now . Life is netflix . 
Don't come into my store and smoke some rock in my bathroom . 
The Dillinger Escape Plan is coming back to LR . Been a little bit . Totally stoked . 
Work tonight . Milkshakes and stuff . 
Still upp . 
Just relax . 
My band Mainland Divide is playing at Downtown Music Hall on the 21st of October for the benefit show for < PROPFIRST > Griffin . Plan on coming out to this , all door money goes to < PROPFIRST > . Other bands playing are GodCity Destroyers , Amore , FALLEN EMPIRE , and WishTribe ( Official ) . 
Nachos lemonheads my dad's boat 
I'm coldd . 
So , I may need a roommate until the end of january . Its a 2 bed 2 bath , about 450 each with utilities . Hit me up if you're interested . 
Nothing is ever as stressful as it seems . I don't think life should ever be taken so seriously . 
My diet is composed of rice , bean burritos , and veggie burgers . Livin ' easy :) 
Unbelievably nocturnal . 
space cadet 
I hate the dentist . 
Recording . 
Rev tonight . 
I just floated home for the night . I made it though . Thumbs up . 
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet . 
Got off work . Bored . 
If you can't rap , please don't . 
I wanna watch Macgruber right now . 
Still a space cadet . 
Workin ' for the money . 
wub wub wub wub 
Most likely not sleeping tonight . 
Happy time 
I could pass out right about now . 
Recordin ' some fiddle 
Seeing Circa Survive on Saturday . Off all weekend :) 
Next Friday my band Mainland Divide is playing the BENEFIT SHOW FOR * < PROPFIRST > GRIFFIN - BARTENDER @ DTM * . Come out ! All door money goes to < PROPFIRST > plus 20% of everything at bar/food . 
Circa Survive tonight ! 
Circa Survive totally killed it . Great day . 
You were raised with money , I was raised with love . They're looking down on us but it's me who is above . 
Watching evil dead II . 
Groundskeeper < PROPFIRST > is one of the best characters out of any show ever . 
Tomorrow night my band Mainland Divide is playing at Downtown Music Hall with GodCity Destroyers , Amore , FALLEN EMPIRE and others . Doors are at 7pm , 10 bucks , and all money from the door and 20% of bar go to benefit < PROPFIRST > Griffin , a bartender at Downtown . Come out ! Show's gonna be a good time . 
Playing tonight at Downtown ! Everyone come out to support a good cause . 
Thanks everyone who came out tonight ! Show was a lot of fun and a great success ! 
So stoked about Dillinger Escape Plan tomorrow night . 
Mind is blown . Dillinger was amazing . 
Former Thieves tonight . 
Guess I need some butterfly wings ... 
Shorts and flipflops fo life 
My boobs are so sore . I guess it's just that time of the month ... 
Fun night . 
House show at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight . I'm the guy in the butterfly wings lol . 
post show waffle house 
My VOX isn't broken . Whew . 
Watching The Blob . 
Tuff 
affleck you da bomb in phantoms yo 
Nothing beats revolving your entire life around something you're completely passionate about . 
:) 
Mimosas at Rev ! 
I am glad I have many people in my life that I can count on . Life is good . Smiling is nice . PMA . 
I hope it's normal to like it wet . 
Playing at Downtown Music tonight ! Doors at 8 , 6 bucks . 
Off for two days . Overjoyed . Netflix . 
Get biiiiiiiigggg 
Mainland Divide is playing at Revolution Food and Music with The Young Maths next Wednesday . 5 bucks if you're 21 and up , 8 if not . This is gonna be a solid show , don't miss out ! 
Go check out my band Mainland Divide and like our < PROPFEMALE > . You can download all our music for free at mainlanddivide.bandcamp.com . We're playing at Reno's tomorrow night , and at the Rev Room on Wednesday night . Check it out . 
Tuffest crew < PROPFEMALE > 
Playing at Reno's Argenta Cafe tonight . Come and < PROPFEMALE > out . 
