is going to read my then go to bed . Hopefully Addison doesn't wake up at 2:30 am asking if she can have PANCAKES like last night . 

just got home from a day of shopping . Now its time to make Lasagna :) 
Had an AWESOME day today from start to finish . I just put Addison to bed after reading Curious < PROPFIRST > . Now it's time to finish baking my cookies . 
Just got home from an AWESOME day . I had an AMAZING time with some one special and now its time to pack for P.A. And I have decided that something is SERIOUSLY wrong with my parents . They book a flight that leaves at like 7:15 am . OMG !!!!!!!!!!! That means we have to leave the house at 5am . I HAVE A @ YEAR OLD !!! And she is NOT a morning person . Wish me luck . 
Ok so < PROPFEMALE>'s post from yesterday inspired me to go through Addison's closet and HOLY CRAP !!! I seriously need to go shopping . So ........ TODAY IS SHOPPING DAY !!!! Hope I find some good sales . 
Had a bad day just want to go to bed and start over . 
Today was PEDICURE DAY !!!!! 
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious !!!!! 
At home taking care of my sick baby girl :-( 
Addison + Pharyngitis = a long night for mommy 
If you show Addison a picture of me when I was her age , she says it's her and get very upset if you try to convince her otherwise . 
Goodmorning FB !!!!!!! About to get on a plane headin for < PROPFEMALE > ! I can't wait to see my RyRy !!!!! 
Driving down my favorite road ...... Forty Foot Rd in Hatfield , < PROPFEMALE > 
Is watching old school cartoons with Addison . As a kid I never realized how violent the cartoons were . They're constantly trying to kill eachother . But they are still AWESOME !!! 
Heading out to aquatica to treat a bridge . You've gotta take the bad with the good I guess :-) 
I would just like to announce ....... I AM STILL ALIVE !!!! 
Today I had to ride on the Sky tower at SeaWorld . At first you might think ' Yeah ..... so what ' But I did not say I had to ride IN the Sky Tower , I said ON the Sky Tower . As in standing top !! And if thats not crazy enough , once it got to the top , I had to climb up a ladder another 15ft to get into the engine housing !! \ 
Oh , and in case you're wondering ...... No there were no harnesses . 
Off to work for the second time today . 
Is watching ' Hey < PROPMALE>' and ' Rockos Modern Life ' with Addison . 
Addison : \papa 
Pedicure time !!!! Addison looked at her toes and said \mommy i need another pedicure\ " . No .... She's not spoiled at all :-) " 
Going fishing . Just me and the little one . :-) 
I am now leaving the ghetto . Literally . On our little adventure we saw several disturbing things . Among them was a barber shop called G-Spot Barber . Then we witnessed a drug bust and one of the officers was wearing a ski mask . BUT ..... We made it out alive !!! 
Just had a < PROPMALE > \Strayer Moment\ " :-D " 
Ok ..... Bad mom of the day . Addison just washed her hands with NAIL POLISH !!! 
Today is a going to be a good day . I am in an exceptionally good mood today !!!! 
I'm laying down with Addison . She turns over , kisses my cheek and says \Mommy you don't have to be scared . I'm right here next to you and I love you\ " <3 " 
OMG ...... My allergies are going to be the death of me !!!! 
Had a picnic in the living room with Addison during our movie night . Just me and her . I love her !!! <3 
With my baby girl at the nail salon . Gettin manicures and pedicures .... I love mommy daughter time . 
was pleasantly surprised :-) 
Random thought of the day : \ 
\ 
How many men actually use the hole on the front of there underwear ? Out of all the men I surveyed today , I found zero . So really what is the purpose ? I think if a guy was to use the hole , it would be to difficult to maneuver around the openings and take to long . In the end he'd end up peeing all over himself . 
Woo hoo !!!! Catchin rats !!! It's gonna be a good day :-) 
Me : \(sigh .... ) . Man Addison 
Ok .... Before anyone see her and freaks out on me , I'm letting everyone know . \ 
I just gave Addison a hair cut 
After work today I collected acorns and chased squirrels . Just me and my best friend . \ 
I love my little girl :-) 
Just saw two guys sitting on the tailgate of a pickup drinking their beers . Now the only reason that this struck me as odd , was that were going about 50 mph down SR 436 . 
Today I couldn't find my keys . I looked all morning and never found them . I finally went to the office and got the spare . It set my day back 6 hrs . \ 
I just got home and they are sitting in plain view on my coffee table . Even if we don't know it , there's always a reason things like this happen . \ 
So , I just thank God for whatever danger He kept me from this morning . 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
FORTY FOOT RD !!!!!! 
Bored ........... :-/ 
Just got home from my grandparents house . My grandfather taught me some strategies in dominos . I am now a true Puerto Rican ! 
Blueberry 
68 days til CANCUN !!!! 
I love falling asleep to the sound of the gators bellowing outside my window . Although it's a scary that it's so close , it's kinda soothing . 
You and I wake up and I psych < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what's the first thing you say to me ? 
I've lost 23 lbs !! Went through my closet and got rid of all my fat clothes . So .... I'll be walking around naked for the next few day :-) 
At WICKED !!!!!! 
Had an awesome night :-) 
52 DAYS !!!!!! 
At < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Hospital . Fun times . 
Workin ....... Servicing the planes tonight . 
Is wearing shorts above the knee for the first time in over 5 year . I feel so naked :-| LOL 
