Question : Does anyone know what the process is for protecting something under Copyright ? 

MMX ! 
L4D2 = zomgawesome ! 
Another boring day , tomorrow off to visit relatives . 
There , thats it . All of those darn commonapp forms are done . Now to await the eventual rejection slips ... 
Home , at last . * sigh * tiring day . 
Probably going to play games on Steam for a lil while today 
I just yawned so widely my jaw hurts . ow . 
Two more days of finals ...... * sigh * Better get to studying .... 
Not looking forward to writing an essay for the Spanish Final ..... 
O ... m ..... g ...... hardest Spanish Final in my life I totally bombed that essay 
I have an idea . Anyone want to add their voice to a podcast idea I have ? It will be ind of a companion to my weekly articles . I'll let anyone join . But I will need to find a way to record it all .... 
OK now that I can record sound , does anyone want to contribute to my Mental Popcorn Podcast that I'm calling \Project Truth\ " . No one HAS to contribute but if you want to it would be nice . " 
? Don't Stop Believing ... Hold on to that feeling ? 
I do hope that everyone has a great summer and will miss all of you until September . Happy Summer . 
Tomorrow is the first day of Summer , I wonder what I will do all day long . 
First official day of Summer . Yay ? 
I have 3 , count them , writing projects this summer . Whopee for me . 
Great , now I own a useless copy of C&C : The First Decade . 
Today is the first day of Project Truth , just a practice run to see if the idea works . 
has a massive headache 
May or may not be going Airsofting today 
What is up with this weather ?? 
Project Truth , my satirical podcast that brings real news stories needs you ! If you wish to contribute remember to let me know . FIRST EPISODE DONE , BUT NEEDS WORK ! 
DFTBA ! 
Is it just me or there not enough grubs to squish in Episode 2 for that achievement ... I must have missed some ..... 
Senior Portraits today/Driving Lessons at 4pm . Busy Schedule . 
$%&# Lifetouch people screwed up and ddn't call ahead of time to say senior pix are cancelled WTF ?? 
Driving lesson at 4 . Playing Tiberium Essence . 
Home again , and staying home for the night 
To make a long story short , give < PROPFIRST > Biden a sedative ... 
.... Such willful disregard for humanity's future .... ~ Wallace K . Breen , City 17 Administrator 
Been out all day getting my passport/mall run/costco ..... my feet are KILLING ME ! 
? Never gonna give you up , never gonna let you down , never gonna run around and desert you , never gonna make you cry , never gonna say goodbye , never gonna tell a lie and hurt you ? 
CoD4 ? Yes please !!! 
So completely drained . I need to sleep for a < PROPFEMALE > . 
* YAWN * Awake now , probably going to make this my lazy day . 
Power transformer blew , power was out for a while its back now 
Power blew again but I think its fixed now 
Has anyone else had power surges or was it just this section of town ?? 
Every time I play an online game , my faith in humanity sinks a little lower ..... 
Driving lesson @5pm 
omg new camera ! yays ! 
Everyone who reads this status just lost the Game . 
Boring day ... probably going to play TF2 or something . 
Oy , 4 more achievements for Team Fortress 2 
Ha a driving lesson at 9am tomorrow . fml . 
Has a driving lesson at 9am tomorrow . fml . 
Blonk , tired . Early morning driving lesson drained me . 
AIM is refusing to let me sign on .... something up with the connection anyone have ideas ? 
Airsoft tomorrow at 10AM . Wohoo ! Watching Daily Show/Colbert Report . 
My Life For Auir ! 
Out w/ Ian ... goin ' Airsoftin ' Back much later . 
Ho-ly crap . Air Soft was fun but totally tired me out ...... 
What a nice day , although I'm probably going to spend it playing Team Fortress 2 
* gah * humidity iz boilin ' mah bwains ..... 
Sleepy morning ....... probably going to try < PROPFEMALE>'s Army 3 later on ..... 
* bleh * Writing a new story maybe ..... 
What on earth is wrong with the weather gods today ? I WANT SUN ! 
THERES A SQUIRREL OUTSIDE MY WINDOW =D 
News Flash : All of our favorite celebrities are dropping dead . WTF ??!! 
I am having this weird need to watch Babylon 5 again ...... 
Here's a thought . What would an Emo version of < PROPFIRST > Pan look like ??? 
Back from another early morning driving lesson .... excuse me while I go have a heart attack in private ..... 
It's almost July and we still haven't had a significant day of sunlight . What on Earth is wrong with this place ?? 
Another long , boring week I predict .... 
A day spent gaming is a day well wasted 
Boredom is eating my bwains .... 
And here I was , hoping this fourth of July would finally see some sunlight . Guess not . 
Another long , cold , boring , < PROPFEMALE > day comes to an end . 
GHOST HUNTAS !!!!!! 
One word for today : Blah ! 
Another wonderful day in the IRC neighborhood . 
Goodnight , Moon ..... that is if its actually visible through the clouds 
Almost thr 4th , massive food run was successful . Num-nums for a long while ! 
Well F@%ktoast , the Fireworks are canceled ? I'll just watch The Daily Show . 
Listening to the pitter-patter of rain ... 
Happy 4th , One and all ! 
Another boring day today : Installing Neotokyo . 
Installed Neotokyo , wow is it laggy 
Another new game , got rid of Cross Fire in exchange for Sudden Attack . 
Alrighty , Sudden Attack is an alright game . I'd like ti better if the graphics were better . 
Uploaded a ton of pictures !! 
Oh no ! Chatspike is broken ! I can't get on the Escapist IRC channel ! Noooooooooooooooooooooo ! 
IRC is working again * sigh of relief * 
Oh wheee , thunderstorms 
Saw \Up\ " today . Dug is so cute =] " 
? People always told me be careful of what you do And don't go around breaking young girls ' hearts And mother always told me be careful of who you love And be careful of what you do ' cause the lie becomes the truth ? 
Had a slightly boring , slightly interesting day but now I just want to plunk my arse down and watch some Ghost Hunters . 
Tomorrow definitely I'm going to start my next story , putting it off for too long . 
Mum wants me to help clear out the basement . * ugh * 
I need to get around to writing more stuff , im starting to slack too much . 
En Taro Adun 
Ugh . Was in Boston all dam day , now I'm home and am watchin ' SG : A and Eureka . 
Samanosuke vs Gray Fox , who wins ? 
debating whether or not to download War Rock ..... oh yeah and might < PROPFEMALE > w/ E latah 
Facebook Layout Applications = fail 
Note to self : Update Myspace some day .... getting stagnant . 
Why did the theme song to Scooby Doo pop into my head just now ? 
I dunno what to do tonight at all . 
I just lost the game ..... again ..... 
Finally real Summer weather is gracing us with its presence 
? I am the face of your affliction . Feeding new life through the cracks in your skull .? 
? From early days of infancy , through trembling years of youth , long murky middle-age and final hours long in the tooth , he is the hundred names of terror --- creature you love the least . Picture his name before you and exorcise the beast .? 
Work work work ..... 
Is it jsut me or does the current Pope look like Emperor Palpatine just a bitty bit 
Ow , burned the roof of my mouth =[ 
* massive yawn * Mornin ' world ! 
Long and quite boring day . Unsure of what to do tonight , or even what to have for dinner . So discombobulated right now . 
* clunk * tired .... bored ..... on the IRC 
Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo bored 
* MASSIVE YAWN * Tiredness is me ...... 
Another boring day , might upload pictures later . Might now . 
Defragging for eternity ..... 
StarCraft : < PROPFEMALE > is complete . Beta Testing is now in effect . 
I cna now play Pokemon Platinum on my computer ^_^ 
Apparently the only way to save the world is drink less water , breathe less , drive less , and revert back to pre-industrial conditions . Fat < PROPMALE > ! 
Boring day ... 
Airsfot today , maybe , driving lesson went fine . SAW A TURKEY OMG ! 
Home . Tired . Headache . 
Watching the new Unskippable , then maybe BFME : WotWK 
Needs to break this massive mental roadblock keeping me from writing stuff . 
Quick History Lesson , Boys n Girls . Who said this quote \These are the times that try men's souls . \"" 
Shall be watching the Watchmen tonite =] 
Playin ' ROTWK then * maybe * go see HP ' roud 4-ish ? 
Pretty much saw < PROPMALE > Potter just for < PROPFEMALE > Lovegood 
Rain always makes me feel ....... blah 
* bork * 
May take more photographs tonight , try out the Starry Sky mode on the camera . 
Another < PROPFEMALE > day ..... yay ? 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood .... 
I hear thunder in the distance .... 
Finally , this is real summer weather ! 
Seven Stars , Seven Stones and One White Tree 
A new MMO to play , perhaps this will help distract me . 
After all these weeks of doing nothing I'm finally getting around to writing stuff again . 
The first person to \like\ " this status is my stalker . " 
I will nap * thunk * HERE ! 
The return to school is looming on the horizon . * shiver * 
Alright , the next person to engage in whingeing tweenage romance in my presence gets beaten by the beating stick . We are what , 17 ? 18 ? We can do better than this folks ! 
Another day fades , another day closer to the return .... * grumble * 
There are few people on this planet who can burst out singing Disney showtunes in public and not be embarrassed . 
According to my calendar there was a total lunar eclipse last night in South < PROPFEMALE > .... 
I don't trust any news program , I get my news from British spies ..... I mean \I dont have any spies \"" 
I would say hat my room is clean but the hungry sphinxes sitting on my desk aren't fed yet ..... need more souls 
I think I'm a good person , but the tourists tied up in my basement beg to differ ..... 
You know you are reeeallllllllyyyyyyyy bored when watching a fly smacking into an outdoor light is enthralling to you 
Not braining today , I have the dumb 
You know who I blame for global warming ? Charizard . 
bleah , nothing to do except sit on the Escapist IRC channel all day again ..... 
Its all fun and games until the crazy ex comes waltzing in and fucks it all up 
Alrighty then , who has been lurking on my Facebook sabotaging me ...... fess up ! 
Ze Facebook , its gone mad I tell you , MAD ! 
Can't believe the things people do sometimes ..... * shakes head * 
Can't beleive it took me this long to finally watch both Hellboy movies ... 
I cast flare ! 
Leave it to a woman to get angry at me for a completely imaginary reason .... 
No matter where you go , there you are 
Back from week long trip to NYC , lots of pictures . Wondering when school starts so I can dread that day ... 
This heat makes me soooooo lazy . Just want to sit down and watch something on TV ....... or on Hulu .... * bleh * 
* sigh * one of these days , there will be a way to make the left and the right finally see eye to eye . And then my arse will sprout wings and fly me to the < PROPFEMALE > . 
OK people lets set the record straight and end the debate . The only man on this planet allowed to < PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFIRST > Bowie . Thats it ! 
Finally got around to playing some Halo 3 online , too hot to do anything really . 
Halo 3 players , check out my fileshare . Midnight188 . 2 new map variants . 
* yawn * another monday ..... maybe I will work on my novel today .... 
Work , hooray for kittens ! 
Question : Which wharf is the Cape An Whale Watch at , I can't remember .... 
computer is broken :( grafix card went splode . will be offline for long while . apologies . 
Has dancer's hip and as a shoutout to the student council , thanks a bunch for setting up an amazing Senior Cruise . It was an amazing night , unfortunately my computer is still down :( 
Computer problem may be more than just the card . The slot on the board for the card is broken apparently so I can only use the on-board one . Its always the motherboard isn't it ?? 
Computer is back , yay computer ! 
Ugh , resetting up mIRC . Grr . 
Time to get back on the ball writing my novel .... 
Got my Liscence . Hooray ! * sigh of releif * 
One of these days I'll figure a way to make myself write more ..... but not today .... 
most US currency is 10% cocaine ? what ????? Is CNN lieing to me again ? 
wow ..... I'm reviving Mental Popcorn just to adress this healthcare issue before anyone makes any uninformed decisions . 
Hmmm what to do today ... Halo , CoD4 , SupCom or Hulu ? 
* yawn * tired today . slept a little late . 
I eat far too much peanut butter than is probably healthy .... 
* ugh * should not eat so many tater chips . especially reduced fat ones . 
work today . stomach hurts . 
so ungodly sick today 
STOP ! Hammer Time ! 
? I know You know that I'm not telling the truth I know you know they Just don't have any proof Embrace the deception , learn how to bend Your worst inhibitions , They will Psych you out in the end ? 
out sick today . if anyone would be so kind as to forward me my homework ... 
SIckness is clearing up , slowly . Hopefully I will feel well enough to go to school tomorrow . Though my stomach still hurts . I blame undercoked chicken nuggets . 
anyone who was in my classes mind telling me whats for homework tonight I'll see if I can do some of it . 
still sick with e coli . will be back maybe next week . 
getting better . will be back on monday for sure . 
Needs to play catch-up on all the homework he missed while sick . Nothings free ... 
new chinese buffet in gloucester is actually pretty darn good ! 
=3 
* finally * back to school . dear gods how much did I miss ? 
Farewell to false pretention , Farewell to hollow words , Farewell to fake affection , Farewell tomorrow burns ... 
Live Messenger is broken , seriously . \Your message was not received by < PROPMALE > recipients\ " is code for someone at Microsoft is watching porn and not doing their job . " 
Reprinting Mental Popcorns 1 & 2 . ( Sex < PROPMALE > Dosen't Work ) and ( Quiality is Dead ) 
It is a fact I probably hate anytihng you think is \fab\ " or \ " hot\ " . Its called \ " being cynical \"" 
Well , its time to revive Mental Popcorn . So get out your shotgun , batten down your hatches . Its time to tear our culture a new one in the name of better understanding . So get your surplus bile and cynicism ready folks , its time to dive into the thick of it . So tell me folks what do YOU want me to rip on ? 
Dooddlebobbers are to this generation what hula-hoops were to the 80's generation ! 
Mmmm another tuesday of no television shows to watch . Ho hum . 
Hollywood prooves that you can be a completely airheaded douche or douchebagguette and still make more money than God . Fahbulous ain't it ? 
? Ohhhhhhhhh . We're off to see the Wizard ....? Sing it , folks ! 
Take it as a given that everything I do probably mocks you you and/or what you like . 
Sing-along folks its musical time ! ? Hakuna Matata .... what a wonderful phrase ...? 
Per-maybe-haps I shall work on Confession today , yes ? 
F-cking < PROPFIRST>'s driveway so bloody narrow had to scrape the bumper off just to get out . I hate parking up there . 
I have names for every book in the Illumination Cycle . Memoirs of a Ghost-Thief , After Nightfall , Beyond the Sunrise , Seeker of the Song --- Shadow Rising , Fear of the Dark , The Last Apocrypha --- Undying Night , Past Fortune , Beyond the Outer Gates , The Seventh Knight . ( A --- indicates a timeline gap , changing generations . ) 
Bloody eck missed Psych last night . Bollocks ! 
As a general rule , Legislation is pretty much one steps forward , two steps back . In this case its the Dems take 2 steps forward and the GOP takes a flamethrower and torch the constitution then smoke its ashes oh and they take two steps back . 
? Your truth is absolution's end ? 
? So lost in your affliction . The solemn comfort of your grave If you close your eyes the light can't take it away . So lost in your addiction . The solemn comfort of your grave . If you close your eyes the light can't take it away . ? 
I better get crackin ' on my short story . Must finish before Christmas .... 
Happiness is a Myhbusters Marathon 
Its always funny until someone spontaniously combusts . Then its hilarious . 
\I won't conform to what I see in you . I wont surrender what I am . And even if it was a part of me . I'll never be that way again . \"" 
Got 100 on my first Escapist Quiz ever . Whee ! 
A mishmash of Disney songs , Demon < PROPMALE>'s song \Not I\ " and some weird Japanese electronica song are playing in my head right now . Help ?? " 
Lots of stuff to do tomorrow . London Trip meeting , Senior DinDIns , College Planning nite . blarhg ! 
If any believe they can connive me with hollow , flowering words they are mistaken . No one but me commands me . 
Lost all my dinner tickets :( mom threw them out on me . 
Finally , more stuff for the Illumination Cycle . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > as Avatars of the All-Seeing Eye ? 
I want a giant plush swine flu microbe . 
The epitome of boredom is world-building for two book series at the same time . 
There are moments where I kinda wish that RHS had a glee club ...... 
Just need to kick back , relax , and watch some Family Guy . 
The universe is conspiring against me today . 
Oh goodness gracious , trying to remember some book I read when I was little . With stories like \The Bunyip\ " in it . Oh bloody ' ell . " 
Going to watch Coraline later IN 3D !!! 
* clunk * I'm all creativitied out . Re-edited Pox Demora for content . My neck hurts . 
Rain sucks 
* blonk * every time I hafta do this project me interviwee vanishes . grr . 
Everyone on Facebook just Lost the Game 
Why can't we just combine the two into \Most likely to Take Over the World via Dancing \"" 
Actually rewind a second , sicne when the heck was I an \integral aprt of this class\ " ? I thought I was supposed to be shunned . " 
* Puts on his passive-agressive cap * Some people need to learn to face their problems face-to-face . * Takes passive-aggressive cap off and puts on normal hat * Yay its Wednesday ! 
Screaming at your television will not make stuff happen . 
Lemme get one thing straight there . Acorn is evil , we know that . But overly criticizing the President , who just a year ago you said doing so was treason , are not allowed to criticize the President . Ergo , must find another way to vent your anger . Like Twitter . 
Whatever it is , its probably 50% my fault ...... 
? What would you think if I sang out of tune . Would you stand up and walk out on me . Lend me your ears and I'll sing you a song , and I'll try not to sing out of key ? 
Working on my J&L Project . Need a poster by Monday ! Eek !! 
Goodness gracious , I love Destinos Subs 
You know what ? f*ck it , both the Republicans and Democrats can't get anything done . I'm moving to Sweden .... 
I just looked at what Genres of music I have in my iTunes . Wow . Everything from Classical to Heavy Metal ..... Indie Rock Gods are leased ? 
One day , Facebook will be a required part of life . Like Twitter . It will me linked to our own bodies so it can tell where we are and what we are doing by reading brainwaves . And it can tweet whatever we think . 
Going to finally get to watching Coraline . In 3D ! 
Seriously thinks its time he contemplate what his Ghost Story is going to be .... 
Bleahhhhh , cruddy rainy day . go away ! 
\Fascism will come to < PROPFEMALE > wrapped in a flag and carrying a bible . \ " - Sinclair < PROPFIRST > " 
Funny how words like \Nom\ " can become words ..... gotta love the internet " 
Theres nothing to do ..... 
If the world were a children's story ........ I would be Jaffar ....... 
< expletive > J&L Projects 
Finished my J&L project in record time . * whew * 
\Doesn't help that 80% of the female population are bona fide whores . \"- NewClassic " 
Without Big Bang Theory , Mondays would suck 
I need to find the poem from The Dark is Rising somewhere ..... its cool 
I think I found a flaw in your rhetoric ..... 
Wow , Mr. D hit the nail on head again . Women these days do tend to dress like hookers . 
Almost done worldbuilding for the Illumination Cycle . The Seven Knights , Inception of the Order , The Severed Legion and the Extended History of the Order needs to be written . 
All of life's problems are best solved like in Scribblenauts , just summon Cthulhu 
Ghost Hunters/Destination Truth later 
Grr , I hate projects ! Why must there always be projects ! 
Well ..... the end of school today was ..... interesting 
Need to get cracking on my book list ..... 
Finally , an idea for this year's ghost story . This years genre of choice , cerebral horror . \The Candelabra of Dark Magic \"" 
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good ...... 
whats worse , taking the SATs or installing insulation ?? 
Oh hooray , tomorrow I get to make a poster on the Independence War in Bangladesh for ICJ 
I could sleep for a < PROPFEMALE > and never be fully rested , damn'd insomnia 
Hooray for sleeping until 11am . Sucks theres only one more day of sleeping late left :( 
I has tons of < PROPFEMALE > , but I no allowed to eat it . Epic Suck ! 
If only I had a Cheshire Cat .... 
Welcome to Hell : Over 10 Billion already served .... 
I crave brownies .... 
17 days until All Hallows < PROPFEMALE > , and my new Story . Pre-Writing needs to be started .... 
Blerg . Gray and icky day . No like . 
Love how ideas can coalesce so quickly . Story will be started soon . 
Headache 
It is Tuesday , yet it feels like Monday . 
Feels like bursting out into song .... but the neighbors don't want to hear it . 
? Evil woman how you done we wrong , but now you're tryin ' to wail a different song ...? 
* sigh * Halloween , the one time of year when it is OK to dress like a slut and not draw the ire of the over-40s . 
Starting writing my story today , for sure . Candelabra of Dark Magic must be out by Oct 31 ! 
How auspicious , my RP is finally standing on its own . Next stop , the Escapist RP Digest ? 
ghost hunters then destination truth . then bed . 
Starting Candelabra of Dark Magic tomorrow , promise . :) 
Starting writing for Candelabra of Dark Magic : so hopefully everyone can wait until Monday to see it ? 
I must now powernap before writing . Tuckered out . Only wake me if I start sleep talking . 
goodness gracious , so much writing needs doing . Its overwhelming . 
I have thing uncontrollable urge to humming Yellow Submarine all of a sudden 
Listening to music , reading MLIA and playing pokemon monopoly by myself . Most fun saturday ever . 
If I dress up as Gomez from The Addams Family who else will be the rest of the characters ? 
ERROR : Brain has become decoupled from Propriety and Political Correctness gland please reconnect . Disconnection can cause brain-mouth filter errors . 
Just wrote an entire paper in under an hour . Yay me . 
Love how I was supposed to write my story but ended up just working laboriously on my RP 
I'm just gonna go curl up in the corner here and sleep for a moon ....... * tired * 
Hey , anyone want < PROPMALE > Potter Trivia Game/ < PROPMALE > Potter Clue ? 
Where has all the time gone ? The days we thought would drag on and on have now passed like sand in an hourglass . As I look back I wonder if it was all worth it ..... all the stress , heartbreak , fun , crazy nights , wild weekends . Will we one day look back on this and be proud , or ashamed ? 
The Gods ' greatest gifts to us are the things we take most for granted . Take time to appreciate the little things in life . Because it is a sad and lonely world out there , and it might feel futile . Find a way to smile every day . 
It'd be nice if once and a while I was allowed to voice my opinion without getting shouted down . 
Can I just say right now shutter shades make everyone look like a douche 
Two stories to work on . Blah ! 
The first person to \like\ " this status is my new #1 stalker . " 
Finally started Candelabra of Dark Magic , if anyone wants to do an illustration of Vanish for me that would be awesome . 
If I dress up as Gomez from the Addams Family for Halloween who will be my Morticia ? 
Bizzaro day today , love discussing inner morality with my sociology class .... even though my idea of \morality\ " is skewed in-and-of itself . " 
? No you girls never know ..... how you make a boy feel !? 
Dammit I hate when dad tries to cook when he's totally baked . 
Did they change facebook AGAIN ! 
? Farewel to false pretension , Farewell to hollow words , Farewell to fake affection , Farewell tomorrow burns ....? 
I am tired of facebook schizophrenically changing itself .... when will it choose an identity ?! Facebook has become a teenager .... 
I don't know what to look at Live Feed or News Feed for constant updates ?! Grrr , this is confusing .... 
Working on the rest of Candelabra probably all day ...... and working on the RP too 
Last warm day until next summer , gonna go savor it . 
The first person to \like\ " this status is my #1 stalker for next week " 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Only a few days until All Hallows < PROPFEMALE > !! Too bad I have J&L and a story to write . 
Quickly name the character within the Arabian Nights who tells all the stories . Cookie for a right answer ! 
Oh look at that ..... this week is already flying by ..... 
Catholics want the Anglicans back now ? Is this like some sort of confusing edition of Punk'd ? Oh I see .... they are bigoted towards homosexuals ...... well now it makes sense . 
If I started a young writer's club . Would anyone join ? 
I have a strange feeling that its going to rain of Halloween and I'm gonna be pissed . 
Homework . Story to write . host Hunters/Destination Truth tonight . 
* grr * Commonapp hates Chrome ! 
Follow me on twitter ! follow jacksonoconnor 
The circuit board of my head has more than one button you shouldn't touch . Mostly thats the sex drive knob , the angry button or the off switch . Those are for me only . And whoever likes this status first . 
Just got his SAT scores . 1430 ! 
Home . Needs to get in \Essay\ " mode . " 
* Help me finish the Team Rocket Theme folks ! * Prepare for trouble ! 
DFTBA , folks =] 
Happy Halloween ! 
Telling stories tonight at the Costume Part SALADD is putting on at the Teen Center at 10:30 . Come on down !! 
Tis the sunset , and with it creeps the twisted mockery of our world that is the Day of Eternal Night 
At the teen center , helping the SALADD girls prep . Telling fortunes and telling ghost stories later !! 
So tired . Yesterday was great . Now I need to get into essay mode to fill out the first of 2 Common App essays . Whee ! 
i think your confusing \looks like\ " with \ " is\ " http://totallylookslike.files.wordpress.com/2009/11/129013781780750239.jpg " 
Boredom 
Blames PBS and their special on Latin Music for getting these songs tuck in my head . So darn catchy !!! 
Shut up Facebook , you are not \working on CHat at this time\ " you just suck . " 
I hate mondays 
The steam coming out my ears is just all the pent up anger wanting to be given voice 
College Essay or English Essay . Which one should I stress about first ?? 
V IS ON TONIGHT ! 
High school isn't the end of the world . It is bitter , boring and painful . Drama doesn't end when you walk out those doors . It gets worse . Learn to appreciate the little things in life , don't judge , live your life the way you want . Life is routine , only you can make it worth living . 
Would anyone who likes writing creatively be willing to start a little informal group to maybe share stories , get feedback and constructive criticism ? 
Ghost Hunters/Destination Truth tonight !! 
Internet cookie to the person who knows who \The Goblin King\ " or \ " Ziggy Stardust\ " was . " 
Heh lvoe the Escapist IRC and springing a random Trivia Question on NewClassic . 
Ghost Hunters and Destination Truth later 
Wonder whats on TV tonight I could watch .... 
Got accepted to NSCC . Need to start writing my next story . Also need to think more about common app essays . 
Ughhhhhhhh so BORED !!!! 
I'm tired , so BLOODY tired .... I think I'll sleep right here at the keyboard .... ZZZZZzzzzzzz 
Fridays stink 
I need to get back to writing DreamScar , it needs < PROPMALE > work . 
Tired and Bored . Weekend is going to be nothing but writing stuffs . Essays , Essays , Essays ..... 
Brainstorming college Essays .... 
I'm too tired today to think 
Who you gonna call ? 
Totally going to write one of those Essays today . Then download Dragonica Online . The bastard child of Maplestory and World of Warcraft . 
That short answer CommonApp writing thing is done now , now to choose what essay I want to write . Whats a good topic ? 
\Desperation breeds the darkest and cruelest parts of the mind . \ " ~ Midnight Wroth ( Shadow Rising ) " 
Assassins Creed II looks AWEOMSE . I ? Ezio 
Retrospectively watching all of the ZPs from start to finish 
Working on ideas for my college essay ....... this poetry unit in Creative Writing is looking to be less fun than I imagined . 
Like this status if you remember all the words to \Circle of Life \"" 
Going to bed ..... 
The grave is no bar to my call 
KitKat did NOT want to go to the vet today . You shoulda seen it .... 
Double-sided < PROPMALE > of Wonder with weird side-effects = WIN 
Role #01 of the Internet : Unless you are < PROPFEMALE > Arcade or A YouTube < PROPFEMALE > ; no one probably knows you exist except fans . 
Internet Rule 02 : FarmVille = Crack . 
To make a note . YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO SKYPE ME UNLESS YOU TELL ME 24 HOURS IN ADVANCE . 
I do believe it is time for some ROCK BAND 
I need ideas for Candelabra of Dark Magic Sequel's title . Help ? 
Decided on a title for Candelabra of Dark Magic's sequel . \The Shadows Tell Lies \"" 
---- hate rain . Playing C&C Renegade for LOLs 
http://loadingreadyrun.com/videos/view/341/The-Superintendents-Sorrow 
Slowly learning how to play on medium difficulty on rock band . 
Clearing my twitter followers ...... I only actually want like 5 or 6 people to follow me but I have 22 folowers . * ugh * 
Love when my internet dies , only AIM can't reconnect . AOL , you suck ... 
Mondays would suck except for HIMYM and Big Bang Theory . 
I would work on my Crative Writing , but I forgot my notebook . It doesn't matter , when I rant at all I make people angry . 
College essay idea finally .... 
Switching his game up and doing his Creative Writing projects and working on his next big story . I decided to stop writing An Affair of the Heart\ and save it for Christmas . And hold \ " The Shadows Tell Lies\ " till next year and do \ " La < PROPFEMALE > Tragedia \"" 
Rock & Roll fans name the on-stage personas of all four members of the band KISS 
Must ... complete ..... solo tour for Rock Band on ... medium difficulty ...... fingers hurt too much ! 
? Oh I just can't wait to be < PROPMALE > !? 
I don't NEED to enter into combat with anyone . But involve me in a dramatic display , and there is nothing under heaven's eye that will keep me from defending my honor , my word and my thoughts . And unto this : a warning . I do not do Drama . Take note of this for future reference . I thank thee for listening Facebook , go back to what you were doing before I so rashly interrupted . 
It's almost like republicans haven't realized women have rights and stuff .... to do with their body what they want . It's 2009 for us , its 1878 for Conservative Republicans . 
Half-Days always confuse me . Homework out the nose to work on today . 
Since I've got a lot of surplus bile left over from this particular display let me say that if anyone else wants to tell me how to live my life then please leap out of a plane and land anus first in the spire of Saint < PROPFIRST>'s Cathedral . 
Watching Dragnet w/ dad 
Had an actually pretty good day ... 
Having a hard time getting any thoughts out for my next story ...... hate writers block ! 
Mall day .... mother wants to go shopping for little < PROPFIRST>'s birthday ... and I need new headphones ... 
Friggin headache 
Going to play MOAR ROCK BAND ! 
Turkey Day coming soon ..... mmmm food ..... 
Seems to have Ballroom Blitz stuck in his head ..... * grawr ! * 
Tired , need to lay down . 
Damn you , elusive Famine skull . Damn you !! 
Annoyance-O-Meter <-------------|-> 90% Kitten Beating Imminent ! 
Happy Gluttony Day ! ( Seriously , we give thanks for stuff by stuffing ourselves ? FAIL ) 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IBD3fMNGI98 
Jeez we've got enough food in this house to last through the Apocalypse . 
Dear Facebook : You are not encountering Unexpected Errors you are just being a twat as usual . 
Forge Edit isn't cooperating , as usual . I;' ll add it to my fileshare see if someone can fix it . 
The Guardians of Light are getting the novelette treatment ! The only issue with this ? Moving it into a relatable , modern setting . And the Guardians exist in a steampunk vision of our world so ..... there may be shades of BioShock in these stories ( I'm pushing it to 1945 instead of now ) 
My Internet is imploding . AHHHHH ! 
At some indeterminate point in time , the media began confusing romantic love with lust and sex . This must change . 
Boring sunday . Combat Arms and/or Halo 3 today on the gaming agenda . 
Re-watching Babylon 5 Season 1 
My 360 bit me !! 
Another school day tomorrow . Ho-hum . 
? It's more than feeling .....? 
Rejoice ! La < PROPFEMALE > Tragedia has a release date that I'm adhering to ! December 20th . 
For change lets have a story about aliens that DON'T want to kill us all ? 
* headdesk * Project ahoy ! Environmental Problems in < PROPFEMALE > for ICJ . Yippe . 
Time to put on my Creativity Hat . La < PROPFEMALE > Tragedia needs writing . 
I swear to god ! I'm going to bring a motor scooter or something to school , fit a cow catcher to it and plow the freaking people out of my way to I can get to class ! 
The Social Deadliest Sins ( According to a High-School age Female , some exceptions apply ) . Hating Twilight , Hating Rap , Hating Boy Bands , Stealing someones Boyfriend , Getting stuck with a huge texting < PROPMALE > . Like this if you've broken one of these rules and committed a social deadly sin in the eyes of your more shallow , fellow peers . 
Note to Universe : Adding erroneous accents to letters like a cedilla to a C or diaereses to a U or an A or erroneous circumflexes and accents doesn't make you smart it makes you an idiot . And § means section , µ means micro , Ð is eth , Þ is thorn they are NOT Ds or Ps . An O with a stroke like this Ø is not a normal O it makes it more of a U sound like a diaereses shorter . Learns some f-king grammar people ! 
ICJ Project+College Essay+Story = TOO MUCH WRITING ! Brain ehsploding ! 
Notes , notes , notes .......... China project needs so many NOTES 
Ghost Hunters tonight ... 
Write this your calendars , those who care to read my next story . La < PROPFEMALE > Tragedia WILL be released December 20th , 2009 . It will first be released here on Facebook as an electronic version and then there will be one finally copy you can request . Leave requests in comments here or the release announcement . 
Rhyming isn't my thing .... 
La < PROPFEMALE > Tragedia is 3/4ths done . But being written all out and edited are two different things . 
? Nothing ever lasts forever . Every-body wants to rule the world ....? 
FRAKK ! Are you telling me I lost the bet again ! I bet 10 days ! FRAKKTOAST ! Grrr , I must now submit to punishment . 
* YAWN ! * Brain is burnt out from too much writing . 
Reading can be an addiction sometimes . Can't pry myself off of Inkdeath . 
For once , a Friday that didn't suck ..... 
Some shrews , you just can't tame .... even with a silly hamburger hat and general silliness 
There , thats it . La < PROPFEMALE > Tragedia is done writing wise . Now begins the long process of editing . 
Shopping excursion was successful ! Now , time to edit for content in my new story ! 
Watching National Treasure with mom ... 
* yawn * 
Homework is all done . Probably am going to buckle down and start writing my college essay . 
Today at 1PM , the Cape < PROPFEMALE > Animal Aid is having an open house . You should check it out ! 
... and it all begins with a dream ... 
Me tired ! Brain all gone sploosh 
Apparently , scientists in Russia have invented vodka pills . Like tylenol , except it gets you shitfaced . 
Aha ! What foul thorns doth prick ? To summon such vile and grotesque anger ? Lighting the cynical flame , to blister all with acid tongue . It is a waste of the talents of a silver tongue ... 
Too many ideas , too small of a brain ..... 
Anyone want to suggest any games I should waste my time on . except FarmVille , I'm not playing that . 
I guess I'll go to sleep ... nothing left for me to do today ... 
Going to the class dinner . Then I have homework to trudge through . 
Trivia Time ! Name 3 Female Characters from any Shakespeare Comedy . 
Ghost Hunters !! 
The Universe is a beautiful place indeed ..... 
? You don't say ' good luck ' on opening night !? Break a leg , drama-llamas ! 
Writing my new post-apocalypse book \One Minute to Midnight\ " and it's actually quite difficult . " 
? Be true to your heart ? 
Combat Arms , Halo 3 and writing One Minute to Midnight . Lots of stuff to do !! 
Dec 20th is fast approaching ! Release is still scheduled then for La < PROPFEMALE > Tragedia . 
Writing , writing , writing 
is it odd I use guild wars as a chat engine now instead of a game ? 
Watched the uncut < PROPFIRST > Branagh version of Hamlet today . Oy was that long . 
Another long week ahead ... 
Actually drove by himself for the first time t'day . It went well , as you can see . I must now go lie down and stop shaking .... 
10 Days till Christmas ! 
is going to do his homework . Yay studying ! 
O-M-G-Z . So many things need doing i a short time span . BLARG !! 
You ever wonder what the world would be like if every day was like a musical ?? 
One Minute to Midnight has a plot !! YAY ! Oh yeah and it looks like I have to scrap the release for LDT , Ms. Ferazzi is busy with Drama Llama stuff and can't edit . 
Apparently my birthday is also National Chocolate Mint Appreciation Day . WTF ? 
the TEA party needs to drink some paint and retard themselves out of existence , though at their current rate of crazy that doesn't seem far off . I'm a Republican , and this just makes me sad for my party .... * sigh * 
Unfortunately , I cannot release La < PROPFEMALE > Tragedia . My editor , Ms. Ferazzi ( Bless her soul ) has been up to her eyeballs in drama stuff but she's promised to take a look at it . Fingers crossed !! 
I'm feeling a little bit of Grinchyness coming on 
Going to bed in my frigid room ... yay ... 
Lotsa stuff to doooo ........ christmas party t'day 
SNOW ! :D 
Hmmm . Can't pick . Person of Influence or Topic of Choice ? Decisions , decisions .... 
Finished his essay for CommonApp 
? Hey ! Chingedy < PROPFEMALE >,< PROPFEMALE > haw < PROPFEMALE > haw It's < PROPMALE > the Donkey . < PROPFEMALE > edy < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > haw < PROPFEMALE > haw . The Italian Christmas Donkey .? 
I think everyone should start playing \The Warlords\ " I need allies !! " 
I just realized believing in the tooth < PROPFEMALE > encourages children to sell body parts for money . 
#137779 out of 3,000,000 in Combat Arms . Slight yay . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > Ghost Hunters Marathon ! 
Happy Christmas to all , and to all a good night ... 
irver updates galore to get UT3 to work . * sigh * Hate stop errors . 
Got Unreal Tournament 3 for Xmas . Bro got MW2 . Tis a day of great gaming , it is . 
Updated Unre < PROPMALE > Tournament 3 . Fin < PROPMALE > ly I can play online with other people . I think I know what I'M doing < PROPMALE > day today . Nothing like a vacation to waste time on video games . 
I read 7 different Webcomics . Ctrl-Alt-Del , LFG , LICD , PvP , QC , Starslip and xkcd ...... I feel as if I read too many . 
Whats to say reality isn't a dream and the dream is reality ? 
? You might as well be walkin ' on the sun ? 
Everyone who plays The Warlords needs to start boycotting now . Their new changes make the game un-playable . 
My story , One Minute to Midnight , is on Fiction Press . A lot of good that does since I have no idea how to edit it and I have to delete then reupload the story a bajillion times every time I make a change . 
Just found out his RP , http://www.escapistmagazine.com/forums/read/362.148911 , has been ripped off on the Original Nintendo Magazine website . Darn internet pirates ! 
Found a new band to listen to . Yay ! its called \Becoming The Archetype \"" 
happy 2011 , just 1 more year till the end of the world ! :D 
* insert < PROPMALE > Python line here * 
Packing my iPod with Beatles tunes :) 
? Didn't see the backlash when the tide began to rise ? 
Semper patiens , folks . 
? The reason gone and damage stays ? 
Hit another writing roadblock and can't think . Why doesn't this surprise me ? 
There , La < PROPFEMALE > Tragedia is done and edited . Anyone want the hard copy ? Leave a comment here otherwise read the internet copy under my notes . 
I have 281 friends here . But I know nothing about most of them . Isn't that sad . 
Cooking I can do . Baking , not so much ... 
As a rule , I don't believe anything the government tells me . Or the media , the media is just a glorified public relations front for the government . 
another long evening .... 
Why do I write if no one reads it , except for me and people I specifically ask to read it ? 
Spending his long Friday night playing Unreal Tournament 3 .... 
? all you need is love ? 
I should take some time to write more today .... 
Tired and have a headache 
? But I'm almost out of breath from saying things that I'll regret . My time is over . I can't do this alone . I'm infected with you , pull the plug already . Tell me before I go that you're infected with me .? 
? This isn't me I used to say/All the love was so gone/It feels good to be alive because/I've been dead for so long ? 
another long day 
I don't think my post-apocalypse story is really going anywhere . So it's going in the rear of my list of current projects . 
Shifting my writing power from my post-apocalypse novel which is going nowhere to my new story \East Coast Dreaming \"." 
Writing ahoy ! 2 writing assignments at once ! Wheeee ! 
Just realized an iPhone has a significantly higher net worth than a single human life . 
No shortage of work to do today ... 
GHI tonight , but first must watch End of Time part 1 ! 
One of the many certainties in the teenage life , homework . Along with infidelity , nasty school lunches and tools in the form of students or teachers . 
A fuck-ton of notes to go over for < PROPFEMALE > Bio final . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% wont copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour 
Most definetly finishing End of Time tonight . * sniffle * I don't WANNA see Tennant go !! 
=[ Algebra II and < PROPFEMALE > Bio exams tomorrow . 
Chapter 1 of \East Coast Dreaming\ " be written .... 30 something chapters to go " 
I find it quite ironic that this country is built on a foundation of freedom , yet we continue to be biased against people who aren't like us . I dunno , it just seems that way . 
Why is it when i click on photo comments it doesn't show me anything just a blank facebook < PROPFEMALE > and each time its a different link . \photo comments . \ " comments on your photos\ " \ " tagged photos\ " wtf ? " 
Enough with the snow already !! 
In the past 11 or so minutes did 2 people randomly tag and/or comment on any photos I might have posted ? Because Facebook is sending me weird \someone has commented on your photo\ " inserting a persons name where \ " someone\ " is . " 
I think I just figured out how to fix the federal budget deficit . Tax the Catholic Church's real estate holdings . Hell , if you taxed all churches you'd wipe out the national debt . 
A friendship built on lies can't stay up for long . Especially not poorly told lies . Not everyone is as perfect as you think they are , no one is as pure as you think they are . 
Omgz study Brit Lit till my eyes fall out . 
Tomorrow is Overlooked Pet Adoption Day at the Cape < PROPFEMALE > Animal Aid ! You should check it out !!!!!!! 
Friggin headache ....... >.< 
Probably going to finish Chapter 2 of East Coast Dreaming some time before Sunday . Stay tuned on that one .... 
.... in totally unrelated news finally clearing up college applications stuff . Yay ? 
Has a LOT of writing to do to get Chapter 2 of East Coast Dreaming up , gotta keep moving with these projects . 
Needs 1.21 Jiggawatts of POWAH ! 
Discombobulate is WORD ????? LOLWUT ? 
OMG NEW DEMON < PROPMALE > ALBUM DUE OUT MARCH 9th !!!!!!!!! \The World is a Thorn \"" 
Apparently , putting a portable CRT TV in a microwave creates a blast with roughly 3 sunshine units and a medium sized poof . 1 Sunshine unit is enough to burn your skin , so imagine 3 times that . Kids , do NOT put portable CRT TVs into microwaves , you will turn yourself into goop . 
A long and boring day ahead ... 
Long day , need a nap . Probably will watch something later . * yawn * 
GAH ! THE BRIDGE ! IT'S FULL OF STARS ! 
? Hit me with your rhythm stick ? <= why does this sound like a \thats what she said \"?" 
Another long day has ended . The Guardians of London RP is nearing its end < PROPFIRST > , it's been a long and fun run but it will be over soon . After party ? xD 
? Our careless feet leaving trails , Never minding the fragile dirt we all end in ? 
How to get people to eat things , tell them its got chocolate in it somewhere ... 
Well , on the plus die . At least its Friday tomorrow .... thats something right ?? 
should probably take some time to write more 
The only thing in life that is truly free is love . We just don ; t give it as much though . 
One LooooOOOOOooooooOOOOOooooooong day ahead 
Internet was down this morning , but now it is back ! * pets internet * 
I have seen the antichrist , and his name is < PROPFIRST > Beck . 
Working on the next chapter of East Coast Dreaming . Really difficult to describe this new setting . 
Nobody likes roasted nuts .... 
Pick me up and throw me down and break me at the wrist , but I will not shatter so easily 
The question is not \what are we ? \ " it is more along the lines of \ " will it blend\ " or \ " is it a good idea to microwave this ? \"" 
Fire and brimstone shall be your inheritance , should you fail this final test . Onwards into the Light , lest you be marred by the Dark . 
More essays , yahoo .... 
Headache + Environmental Science HW = Rage 
wishes people would read his stories ... 
Started playing Fallout 3 . The world is so huge ! omg ! 
Catch a falling < PROPFEMALE > and put it in your pocket , never let it fade away . Catch a falling < PROPFEMALE > and put it in your pocket , save it for a rainy day . 
Dear Winter , can you stop making it so darn cold ? I want it to be summer now . Kthxbai . 
Lots of research to do * sigh * research papers are the bane of my existance 
Boring day ahead . whopeee . 
Honestly does not care who wins the superbowl 
Headache , boring day , tomorrow is tape < PROPMALE > Perkins to the wall . Yay ! 
Once upon a win .... 
For cat owners : Step one of doing anything- Remove cat from whatever you are doing . 
Homework for a while , math math math .... 
Ideas are finally flowing freely here again 
It has curiously struck me that we actually a strange sense of pleasure from the defacement and transformation of our own bodies . As though , by mastering our appearance , we are mastering nature . Making perfect the imperfect . A curious thought . 
Vacation soon ? Means birthday is in 8 days ... I don't know whether I should be excited or not ... 
Long day spent taking a tour of UMass Dartmouth . Nice place , really hard to find . 
Another night spent poking around the same 4 websites bored out of my mind . 
Single's Awareness Day is tomorrow , show your support of Single's Awareness and hug a single you know tomorrow . 
After one long year , the Guardians of Light is over . Hooray ! 
Another long day comes to a close * yawn * 
Finally got around to buying a copy of World War Z ... 
Theres always new ideas ... 
Up way way way to early x ( 
Yay . I get to spend today writing essays * whoop-de-doo * 
Accepted at UMass Dartmouth 
Took a tour of UMass < PROPMALE > . Nicer architecturally and friendlier . Much more spread out .... 
Happy Birthday to me ?........ but I don't WANNA be old !!!!! x ( 
Nothing much to do today besides play WoW ..... 
Hate researching ! >.< 
internets are going down ! might not be on for a while . 
One more essay to write for sociology ..... its like pulling teeth out of an angry bull . 
A night spent futzing over a calculator doing algebra is certainly my idea of a fun night . * eye roll * 
seriously , I need to clear something up society . When will you realize obsession over idiots just keeps them in the spotlight and doesn't stick them where they belong , in the alleyway shooting heroin and buying crack whores . 
Alright , thats it , I've had enough . I'm changing parties permanently ..... the Republican party is all run by hooting howler monkeys who fling poo now .... 
? We didn't start the fire .... though we didn't light it but we tried to fight it ? 
Been playing WoW since four days ago and already in level 22 and defeated Dar'khan . wtf ? 
What should write more in : Fantasy fiction , teen fiction or supernatural horror ? 
Accepted at UMass < PROPMALE > . Must've written one hell of an essay :P 
Power is back in the Cove 
Tiring day today was , don't wanna go to school tomorrow ..... :( 
Will the Republicans EVER be happy with the concessions the President makes for them ? Short answer : No . Long answer : NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*passes out * 
DreamScar Mythology , Teen Fiction novel and a side of theatrical drama on my writing plate . 
Ding ! 
The planet is fine , the people are fucked 
This \Things Fall Apart\ " book is the most nothing book I think I've ever attempted to read . I can feel my neurons struggling to connect . " 
Spirit Week soon ? Yikes ! If only I had a black trilby an a black trenchcoat ...... * trails off * 
Time to decide whether to axe my current writing project and continue on with one I've shelved . Y/N ? 
The Platypus : Proof that God DOES smoke pot ..... 
Imagine your worst nightmare you could ever imagine , now imagine a world with the TEA party in control . I bet you thought of the exact same nightmare , plus or minus pedobear . 
Has a plan for the senior entrance , after thinking about it for a good long while ...... 
? summer breeze makes me feel fine ? 
Decided to announce my next short story so when I finish this one , East Coast Dreaming , y'all know whats next on the menu . Hope you like apocalyptic fiction . 
blehhh throat hurts ..... 
1 day down 4 more to go . 
2 Days down , 3 to go . 2k10 ! 
3 days down , 2 more to go . < PROPMALE > Contreras was awesome in the Dance Competition . 
Innovation > Imitation . Just sayin ' 
Lemme get this straight : It's not OK to question the recent republican president , but it's TOTALLY OK to question the current democrat republican . I get it now ! Politics is just a game , like chess , except we are their pieces . 
\All we are is but a dream within a dream\ " ~ < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Poe . " 
I has a happy :) 2K10 Victory ! 
Wants to see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland , and is wondering what will < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > do over next . < PROPFEMALE > ? Sleeping Beauty ? The Wizard of Oz ? 
Need to get my creativity flowing again ; it has been too long since I wrote something . 
? these days it's all in the mind , it's elemental ? 
Basement is drowning in this rain :( 
If I could have a day without one hundred and eleven projects to do , that would be grand .... 
not enough room in my head for all this stuff ... can i just do one project at a time instead of all at once ? 
There aren't enough hours in the day ..... 
note to self : cabbage and corned beef give me wicked heartburn ..... 
By the castle of grayskull !!! 
Kinda wish I could find a job for summer , but you know .... no place really hires anymore ..... 
Some people are so self-absorbed they are in danger of eclipsing the sun with the size of their ego .... 
I kind of want to change private servers and play with other people ...... but i would loose my character ... 
? its the final countdown !!!? 
homeworkhomeworkhomework 
Researching Around the World project . If only I knew an aussie to tell me what places are worth visiting in aussieland . 
Had a new idea for a story ... again ( I do this a lot ) 
has the song \the final countdown\ " stuck in his head and can't get it out !!!!! " 
Nutmeg is a more powerful hallucinogen than LSD ? WHAT ?!?!?!?!?! Oh in significant quantities ... OK 
ACORN is closing its doors ? For real ?? 
Accelerating East Coast Dreaming's schedule , expect completion in ..... oh ..... a month ? 
WoW account muffed up , admins boosted my scores in skills to < PROPMALE > until its fixed . * doh * 
? 
Way to many ideas crammed into my small head ... 
Heavy Rain , aka the spiritual successor to Indigo Prophecy , aka Fahrenheit , aka Captain Teapot's Fucking Ludicrous Adventure is actually pretty cool looking ... 
Busy few weeks ahead 
An endless parade of petty evils line up to take turns climbing on my back to see how many it takes before I become truly cross ... 
LOOOOOOOOONG day today 
I am that I am , the Lord your God and the God of fathers , of < PROPMALE > , of < PROPMALE > and of Jacob ... and this is my counterpart R2-D2 ... 
Look at it this way .... you were once pushed headfirst out of your mothers vagina . So I think you can drop the old and dignified thing and just learn to have some fun and live a little . 
Inch by inch , I'm going to finish all of this work . 
So long , and thats for all the fish ! 
Posting anything here would be a waste because it will just lost in a sea of Farmville posts , \ < person > became a fan of < something >\" and twatdonkeys attempting to wax philosophical about their insipid lives . " 
rain rain , go away 
What is this curious glowing orb in the sky you call the sun ? 
Am I the only person whose Internet & Phone have been frakked lately ? 
For the record , no , I don't think Clash of the Titans is worth watching . I've read the Greek Myths , and this is just another nail in the coffin because there will never be an accurate movie representation of Greek Myth . Ever . It's just too complex for that . 
I sense a taste of summer on the air ... 
Finally nice out for a change .... 
Internet is still broken . 
Anyone else still having trouble with their internet ? 
The stars are out tonight .... 
Must ... resist .... becoming ... fans ... of random ... things .... * click * ARG ! 
Just when I want to knuckle down and write my story , I have to draft my English paper . Sometimes , I think fate just hates me . 
Spread a little thin right now .... I keep thinking its still Monday ... 
the Sox are back , all is right with the world again ... 
such nice weather , time to break out the shorts ! 
It's amazing how three hours can pass so slowly when all you are doing is clicking \connect to the internet\ " a million times . " 
Hoping to feel better soon .... on 2 different antacids .... 
Starting to feel better . 
Making horcruxes ..... brb ...... 
Busy day tomorrow ; off to UML for Welcoming Day ( get to meet my professors/other folsk taking psych < PROPMALE > ) then shoppin ' ( never fun ) 
S'a C'est Arca Luma- In the name of the Light 
Metaphors are Fun ! 
Out probably for the day since it is so friggin nice out . 4 days till ' London ! 
I might as well light all these job application I fill out on fire for all the good they do me .... 
You know whats funny , even those free internet surveys that are all \take this and we'll give you 10$ ! \ " still reject me ...... I'm \ " not part of their target group\ " * sigh * " 
Two days left to finish all this work that I should have three days to finish . WAUGH ! 
London ? 
I'll just sit here , twiddling my thumbs and playing Team Fortress 2 ...... waiting for news .... 
Well screw you too , mother earth ... 
who has two thumbs and is going to watch Sweeney < PROPMALE > tonight ? * This guy * 
\Many a genius has been slow of growth . Oaks that flourish for a thousand years do not spring up into beauty like a reed . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Lewes " 
Would any one who was supposed to go on the trip be interested in a consolation Friendlies dinner ? My mother is willing to pay .... 
Tomorrow I'm going to call the phone company and work out whatever the hell is wrong with my internet connection . 
There is a local short-story periodical ?? really ?? 
The sky seems to be thundering ..... finally a good storm to wash the grit off the car 
Happy Earth-Pillaging Day ... 
Red Alert 3 just came in today ..... ^.^ 
This week was altogether too short .... 
There , study guide for that Sociology presentation D-U-N done . Now , how many kids are in that class ? I need to know how many copies to make ...... oh yeah and maybe someone to help assembly line them together . 
Another story completely edited ... 
If only I knew an artist to do cover illustrations for my stories .... 
Working on my writing schedule for the summer .... two short stories plus East Coast Dreaming . 
The days are starting to wind down .... getting closer to that evil monolith of PAPERS BEING DUE 
? As lines join in faint discord and the Stormwatch brews a concert of kings as the white sea snaps at the heels of a soft prayer whispered ? 
omg Dumbledore's name means \Hope \"?" 
Though it is nice when schools let us read more current and therefore interesting books it is still stagging that they are all geared towards female readers or readers who will feel sympathy for the protagonists pain . I plan on making a list of books , classics and otherwise , which should be read . Leave in comments books you think should be read , analysed and understood . 
I forgot , no one reads BOOKS anymore . Those scary things with WORDS in them , and not one picture ! 
Thinking about trying to wrote other forms of writing , maybe will try writing a drama ? 
* bleh * 
? Orion , won't you make me a < PROPFEMALE > sign ? 
Oh , I'd love to enjoy the day but see theres all this school work I have to do .... 
Such a nice day , hopefully it stays this way for a while 
KEEP CALM and < PROPFEMALE > ON 
Finally , nice weather . 
has a sore throat and can't afford to be sick when theres a research paper due soon 
< PROPFIRST > Knopfler concert today 
hates having a cold when its so nice out 
Editing research papers is super-duper fun >.< 
Oh noes ! I forgot about Hanko De Mayo yesterday * thud * 
Oh R'lyeh ? 
? they say that love could change the world , well the world could use some change right now ? 
Stuck trying to choose what movie I want to watch : The Dark < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPFIRST > Bartlett ... 
Spelling < PROPFEMALE > was , legit , fan-dabby-dabulous 
Now begins the long , difficult , probably unrewarding process of writing a stage production 
The song \I'll Make a Man Out of You\ " is now playing in your head " 
Ïa , Cthulhu ! Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn ! 
Within the next week I'll be ready to start writing Dark Horse , Dark Rider .... keep watch for publication in August/September . 
96 .... dyslexic sex is still sex ..... i think 
holy nine more days of high school , batman ! 
Thinking about reviving my old D&D Campaign , Dominion 
Famous last words of Confederate General during the Battle of < PROPFEMALE > . \They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist ... \"" 
' s mind is all discombobulated trying to think about four or five different stories at once 
Open your eyes and see that planet Earth is a place that balances the good and wholesome with the dark and despairing ... you must see BEYOND your own eyes and see what everyone else sees . You must understand your position , because we are all equal sharers of this world . We must either unite and make the world safer for our children or continue to fight each other and further endanger this world . 
American Politics is like regular politics , except with bribery instead of voting . 
Hope everyone has fun tonight and comes in on Monday in one piece . 
? I could captain you if you'd crew for me , follow white flecked spindrift --- float on a moonkissed sea .? 
Had a mostly OK day ... 
Getting down to the wire ... 
I personally beleive we should just say \screw it\ " and elect < PROPMALE > Perkins the President of the Universe already " 
pretty much has figured out who he wants to invite to his graduation party just need to figure out if the few \maybe\ " people would be interested ...... " 
Nostalgia : Who remembers the ads for stuff like Sock ' em Boppers or Hungry Hungry Hippos or other retro toys ? 
Looking back through old photographs , wondering where the time has gone ? So many memories lost ... so many memories yet to be made .... 
It takes 42 muscles to frown but only four to smack someone in the face ..... this i indicative of something ..... 
? It's been a long road , gettin ' from there to here ? Three more days of classes . 
snozberries taste like snozberries ... 
Happy Birthday , Pac-Man ! 
Does the History Channel even have actual HISTORY on it anymore ? Or is it all conspiracy theories & shows about how aliens built the pyramids . 
Nothing says \Two days left\ " quite like a project .... * grr * " 
Adventuring Rule #293 : Bag of Holding + Another Bag of Holding = Universe divide by zero implosion . On a side note : the astral plane is filled with gigantic , fiery spiders ..... 
tacocat is a palindrome 
Working on the cultures of the many races in the Undercity Chronicles ... Warlocks are next . 
Adventuring Rule #31 : Just because the female wizard giggled at the cloud of illusory butterflies you made for her does not mean you she likes you , and touching her is only an excuse to get polymorphed into a dinner plate . 
Adventuring Rule #1 : Never leave town without a sturdy rope ... 
Adventuring Rule #4 : Always make sure you are on good terms with your cleric , if he doesn't want to heal you he doesn't have to . 
Tired , ready for his last day of real classes tomorrow . People whom I've invited to my graduation party but haven't responded yet please try to soon !! 
Bleep-bloop , Achievement Unlocked ( Last Day of High School ) 
ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED : High School Complete - 30g 
I wanted it warm , not this hot . * goes to go mess with the Earth's thermostat * friggin < PROPMALE > Gore ...... 
What time does the first exam block END tomorrow ?? 
Believe in Dreams ... they are all that is really worth something anymore 
' en obscurum , lux lucis ' ~ Motto of the Order of the Wardens 
Just set his facebook language to English ( British ) and now everything I read I imagine being read by < PROPFIRST > Tennant . :) 
Apparently shouting obscenities makes you feel less pain than if you say regular non-cuss words .... 
Later on going to work on Troll culture for Undercity Chronicles . Trolls have culture you ask ? Of course they do ! 
In Other News : The Undercity Chronicles are taking shape , the overarching story has been hammered out . War between Angels and Demons you say ? Chaos and war will bring a great change ? You'll have to read them all to find out . 
It's great to be home 
Has a new laptop . Setup is not fun . 
Moving his entire music library .... ho-ly crap . I did not know I had 2000 songs . 
DFTBA 
Prepare for the next installment of The Guardians of London , and you thought the RP was the end of the story ??? 
Yay for senior banquet tonight . 
Mon Mon Mon , its like Nom Nom Nom but in reverse ..... 
40 hours until I graduate . Oh yeah , i'm counting the moments . 
You know a dream is like a river , ever-changing as it flows .... and the dreamers just a vessel that must follow where it goes .... trying to learn from whats behind you and never knowing whats in store makes each day a constant battle just to stay between the shores .... 
To all those of the Class of 2010 , it's been a wild ride . May stars smile upon each and every one of you . 
Y'know ... just a heads up ... my graduation party already started . If you are lost , its the blue house with the wide driveway and the swingset in the backyard . 
Had a good day , for once :) 
If anyone who couldn't make it today really REALLY wants to < PROPFEMALE > around , lemme know ... i'm available most days . 
Going to start working piecemeal on my writing projects . Starting with finishing the next chapter of East Coast Dreaming . Then probably finish world-building for Undercity Chronicles . 
Did you know that it takes 100 million people and five months of human thinkings , fact-checking a research to write ONE article on wikipedia that is maybe half a < PROPFEMALE > long . And they say Wikipedia is bad .... 
I get the feeling I'm going have an incredibly boring summer 
Putting the finishing touches on the Undercity world-building before I actually start writing ..... plus working on an article , a d&d campaign that will need playtesting , and the two ongoing projects , plus some tidbits for my Guardians of London universe to keep the fans happy . I have a LOT on my writing plate . 
Anyone ho thinks they want to create their own D&D campaign , don't . I just spent 45 minutes working on one of two deities . GAH ! 
Hooray for friday 
Yes , I do have a cell phone now , NO you aren't allowed to call it ... 
If you have food in your fridge , clothes on your back , a roof over your head and a place to sleep you are richer than 75% of the world . If you have money in the bank , in your wallet and spare change you are among the top 8% of the world's wealthy . If you can read this message you are more fortunate than the 3 billion people in the world who cannot read it at all . 
Finished creating Deities for Dominion ( my Psionics-based D&D Campaign ) , next its history then realms ..... tomorrow is ORIENTATION !!!! woooo ! 
Returned from orientation , it was a good experience and I think I'm going to like it there . 
thinks you should add him on Skype . shadowguardian92 I think is the name to add ... 
Daily Jeopardy Trivia : A cheetah has spots on all parts of its body except this part .... ( Answer this in the form of a question for points , at the end of the month the person with the most points gets honored . This is a daily occurrence . ) 
today was nice .... even if the weather wasn't 
its so hot i cant think ...... derp 
Did you know ? That the reason popular music is popular is because it stimulates the ear in a certain was which is pleasurable . It's an ear-gasm ! 
It's nice out again :P \ 
A perfect day to .... sit inside & write ? :P 
Probably going to spend all day working on my D&D Campagin/Module 
Returned from vacation in Philadelphia today . It was good . 
is learning about Astronomy from The Teaching Company 
Love when the National Weather Service texts me just to tell me about an \air quality alert\ " at 10:30 at night . " 
SO F-ING HOT ! 
Happy 10th Birthday , Deus Ex :) 
alright , i think its safe to give y'all permission to call my cell phone now that I have it all figured out .... just not all at once . 
is a huge fan of not fucking caring about the newest Twilight movie , or in fact any of them . He will spend tonight turning off his cell phone and going to go take pictures of some night scenery then watching some Astronomy lectures . 
I think that when I go off to college I will have to frame both my \rules\ " and my \ " guardian angel privileges\ " forms so the eventual roommate knows whats what . " 
A lot cooler today , finally . Wonder how much writing I'll get done today ? 
I actually forgot that I even had a twitter account ....... wow 
its getting to be bedtime again , isn't it funny how the days whistle right by ? 
What a boring day ... 
You know , I was promised that with a cell phone comes the constant barrage of texts and calls from all those people who thought it was too lame to dial a land line phone . I do believe I've been lied to by the world again , stupid world . 
Have you ever wondered what it would be like if the Internet was invented , say fifty years ago ? 
should finish his D&D module .... 
saw Toy Story 3 , it was good .... 
there goes my heartburn again ...... 
Why is it so fucking hot ? 
If your view on absolutely anything can fit within the confines of a mug , a bumper sticker or a button ...... you need to think about it some more . 
The Answer to the Question of Life , the Universe and Everything is not actually 42 anymore . It is now Teacup . You are welcome . 
Just might finally get his shitty internet fixed today , if Verizon actually fixes things anymore . 
Must get around to finishing his second playthrough of Mass Effect soon ..... 
Why is every piece of tech in this house f-ed up ?! 
Well , heres to another boring sunday afternoon . 
Those of you interested in role-playing but don't like the whole aspect of having to roll dice for everything look for the coming of my next RP on The Escapist : Eclipse ! No , not the one you are thinking of . A Sci-Fi RP thats something of a mixed breed of Battlestar Galactica and < PROPFEMALE > Trek . 
is probably going to shut down soon and read a little bit before bed ... * yawn * 
if only there was a way to correct all the bad spelling on the internet ...... 
has new glasses and is trying to get used to them . 
is currently watching Nine ( 9 ) 
is bored , what else is new ? 
heres to another boring friday ... 
probably going to watch < PROPMALE > B's < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... 
stomach hurts bleh 
if only people knew how much facebook squawks they'd put less incriminating stuff on it . 
Breaking News : The Internet is Full of Bad Things ! Parents cautioned against letting teens use technology , as shocking new research indicates Satan himself may occupy integrated circuits and imported vacuum tubes . In other news : < PROPFIRST > Beiber is pregnant again .... 
heh .... robot zombies ..... 
forgot just how fun Warhammer 40k used to be .... now that theres no more need to excruciatingly slowly plaint a billion and one little figurines and just play the video game version . BTW : I like the Necron just a * bit * 
just two more full days until London ? Yikes ! 
Make no mistake , war is coming ...... with all its < PROPFEMALE > and all its horror ...... 
says \wake the fuck up and smell the < PROPFEMALE > nut crunch \"" 
in less than 24 hours i'll be across the pond 
going to Britain , brb 
had a smashing good time in Great Britain with everyone , but it's great to be home too . 
I would make the world a better place , but I can't seem to get my hands on any velociraptor DNA .... 
This Just In ! The Sun has experienced some difficulties which may or may not cause it to explode . But it will take about 5 minutes for us to realize the sun is gone anyways , because of relativity .... please make sure you have ample food and water provisions and use duct tape to make a shelter ..... that is all ... 
takes his directions in life from the tin of sardines in the door of the fridge 
I has teh fury ! 
what a slow day .... 
with hands held high into a sky so blue , as the ocean opens up to swallow you ... 
Imperius Occultus Et Umbra Exspecto Pro Filius Draconis . Viridis Mare Vadum Rector Is Domus , Per Incendia Quod Aqua . Obscurum Mos Insisto , An Malum Senipes . Templum Specto Caliga , Ex Pugnus Neptune Vadum Vesica Umbra Ruina . Quod Filius Manus Malum Deficio . Excalibur Mos Attero Is . 
Translate what is written below , if you can and start unraveling the story of my next RP Thread before it goes live . The text is the previous Status Update . 
Adventuring Tip #11 : When you encounter a piece of loot that seems useless , like a lead wand , it is probably a < PROPMALE > of Wonder . Absently pointing it at your party cleric and saying \turn irreversibly into a butterfly\ " will not go over well with the party ... " 
Adventuring Top #233 : What goes up , must come down ... especially if its that grappling hook you just threw up to try to scale that wall , also it will fall directly onto your face . Especially if you are short 20 feet of rope . 
has nothing interesting to say today , except this : < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . That is all . 
and suddenly , my fail beard has vanished ! the mustache is a prime suspect but has already called in a lawyer .... 
\Is there a dictionary for business speak to English ? \ " * is handed a world book encyclopedia of the letter B * \ " its under bullshit \"" 
The best way to wake friends up : randomly play quotes from Pennywise the Evil Clown , usually works . You may have the crowbar them off of the ceiling fan , but it works . 
We interrupt this regularly scheduled sanity with this insane outburst ...... GUMMY BEARS !....... we now return to our regularly scheduled sanity already in progress ... 
It's 11:11 PM . I wish tomorrow to be a good day . 
I think someone at the dictionary factory slipped and fell and mixed up the definitions of \rhetoric\ " and \ " truth\ " . I suppose this could explain all the problems we face domestically . Or maybe theres something a little more complicated going on that hasn't been figured out yet .... " 
You do realize that a zombie apocalypse is completely impossible right ? Best case scenario , just shoot the person who is biting everyone tah-dah . 
I suppose it would take something drastic , like total mental eradication , to retcon absolutely everything rhetorical about the right and the left , and also pro-ganja stupidity , the brain-melting stupidity of the conservative party , hipsters and come to think of it those stupid che guvera t-shirts . 
The Taken are filled with Darkness ... 
So let me get this straight , WH40k Fans , theres a massively power and evil PLEASURE GOD that blew up 1/4 of the galaxy , and a bunch of crazy Eldar actually VOLUNTARILY DECIDED this was a good idea .... and the Eldar are supposed be to most intelligent race in existence . Real smooth . 
Omgz , moving out in two days . * gulp * So much stuff !!! 
The Tau : Yeah yeah , we suck in close combat . It's a shame you'll never get there .... 
is really gonna miss y'all while he's gone to college 
\Imperial High Command says ... \ " \ 
is done moving in , quicker than expected . 
Newest invention , Fried Beer ....... that is all 
such a late night , I don't like this 
is asking you , his followers and facebook friends to post things that they think i should talk about and give an opinion on . 
O.M.G.Z. what a day . Also , gigantic nerf battle tomorrow outside the Rec Center . You know you're jealous . 
Holy shit , hypnotist here was fuckin ' awesome . 
Here comes the rain ... 
The Craftworld sings and I respond in kind .... 
Outa here till 1pm , classes start t'day . 
Sitting here in my dorm , mulling over a lot of things ..... 
is psyched for his first real psych class , whoo ! 
The phrase \Boredom\ " ceases to apply when you are staring at your ceiling naming all divets and dents in it and making up their own little stories . " 
whoo , schoolwork ....... 
Nothing says \fun night\ " like a nice C'thun raid with a level 78 Warlock . For the Horde ! " 
you should skype him , shadowguardian92 
it was nice that it rained this morning , but i'd prefer it if it kept going . 
Rule of Adventuring #337 : When the Emperor invites you to stay in the Castle for saving it from an invasion of Hobgoblins , this does not mean you have full rights to shag the Emperor's pretty daughter . You WILL get sentenced to death . No \Get Out of Death Free\ " cards . " 
Whoo ! Power is out here until 4pm ! 
This weekend took way to long to get here . 
Just spent about 3 hours working on math homework ..... 
omnomnomnom 
The whirring noise you are hearing are the gears of my brain trying to process today ... 
Oddish ..... that is all 
fucking homework .... 
C'a Est Arca Lyss 
So it happened , Sith became a religion . 
11am classes , but only two of them . monday , here i come ! 
\In order to understand Fox News : Insert 10 kilos of Grade A cocaine up your nose \"~ Anonymous comment on Youtube . I LOL'D " 
whoo essay time 
does not like excessively printing shit . Why 4 copies of an essay ?? 
Love how unbelievably laggy the wifi here is 
classes from 11- 1:30 then Psych Club @ 6pm tonite 
Bed by 1am then classes tmrw from 11-1 .... 
classes from 11am to 2pm ... 
Time to create a serious D&D Campaign , though \The Guide to Adventuring\ " was fun tis time to retire our silly adventures through the multiverse ... " 
My inner Spell-Check is raging right now ... no one misspell anything 
Did you say Chocolate ? 
is trying to get back into Magic : The Gathering . It's been a while . 
Has the main theme from Metal Gear Solid 2 running through his head 
\The greatest trick the Devil ever played on mankind was convincing the world he did not exist . \ " ~ Some Guy " 
Going to see Last Comic Standing tonight . 
hangin with my brother dan . :) 
Life is like a cucumber ferris wheel ...... I have no idea where the rest of this status is going but your mom is a whore ... 
Good Night , < PROPFEMALE > .... 
? Ooo ... she's walkin ' around in my sleep ? 
Just saw thre grown men running for the common room screaming \It's time for Glee ! \"" 
Lets just say blasting the Lord of the Rings soundtrack & working on homework go very well together ..... 
Finally going to try to write some more tonight , that is if I don't get any more papers to write in the mean time . 
I'm so going to quote that out of context .... 
Difference between Initialism and Acronym : ATM is an Initialism , PIN is an Acronym 
my roommate is listening to music about \hot sex on a platter\ " and \ " bend over and take it 
no one is allowed in my room w/o proper screening now 
is forced to sigh , shake his head and be very angry at people for tooting off like idiots . You don't joke about going to buy drugs ... you just don't . 
which language is better to learn , french or italian ? not taking spanish again . 
that much closer to the end of this semester ...... thank god 
sanity is overrated 
Dakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakkadakka :) 
Dark Ages , shaking the dead ! Closed pages , better not read ... Cold rages , burn in your head ! 
Godsmack & Drowning Pool are coming to < PROPMALE > on the 8th .......... jealous ? IDK .... I don't care 
Speed Run of Half-Life 2 final time : 18 hours , 27 minutes . Lambda Locations discovered 37/45 . Damn .... so close . 
Can I just sit back and imagine a world in which whenever you change your facebook relationship status , it automatically changed the real world . Meaning your joke \marriage\ " to your friend would actually be real . I think it would cut down on the number of morons who continue this trend . " 
? You'll remember me when the west wind moves among the fields of barley you can tell the sun in his jealous sky , when we walked in fields of gold .? 
He who climbeth the slopes of Mount Hammertime will be unable to touch this , so sayeth the lord . 
clever/interesting things go here 
loves his new semi-permanent home in the common room here , its so comfy 
Attention , stop inviting me to events . I don't care about 99% of them . 
I wanted to write something here people would want to read , but I couldn't think of anything . Please enjoy this semicolon ; 
Psych Club today @ the ICC so cushy here 
Steam is having a seizure tonight * rolls eyes * get to sit through all of my games reinstalling . 
Lol someone almost burned our Res Hall down ...... tard pyromaniac 
Movie lovers : The acronym S.P.E.C.T.R.E. what does it stand for ?? 
Writing an entirely new story from scratch is pretty difficult , especially if theres no world-building attached . < PROPFEMALE > DeWolfe would you be willing to work in tandem with me on a special project ? 
Going home for the long weekend 
OMG I just got \The One Free Bullet\ " :D " 
One day I'll look back on all this and wonder where the time went 
In middle English the word for fishmonger was also the word for pimp ...... huh 
? Never mind the rising light . There's no sign of day or dawning . In my heart it's still the night , and we'll stay here till the morning .? 
Of course you know 10/10/10 in binary is 42 ...... 
The schedule here is weird on holidays sometimes ........ Today was was a Monday schedule , but tomorrow is a regular Wednesday . So I loose a day of math ? Yay me . 
I saw Someone with a t-shirt today that read \A day without being drunk is a day wasted\ " I lost a little faith in the human race then " 
I do not like the Cone of Shame :( 
Arguing with cleverbot ..... 
It's dangerous to go alone , take this ! 
\Flying Snakey Speeding Horsey Leapy Stabby Wahey\ " ~ ZP ( Shadow of the Colossus ) " 
Preparing for this years watching of Halloween theme movies . #1 is of course Nightmare Before Christmas . 
darn facebook 
My bed is sending out some serious sleep rays 
Windows Live Essentials 2011 is broken . Totally and COMPLETELY broken . No one upgrade to it , no one use it . It refuses to let me use Windows Live Messenger . 
Is it the weekend yet ? 
Oh please people next door , turn your music up louder I can still hear myself think . 
Windows Live Essentials 2011 is going to be the death of me 
Oh wait , < PROPFEMALE > O'Donnell is finally going to shut the fuck up ? At least SOMEONE on her campaign team actually has their brain plugged in properly , though I dunno why don't just do the right thing and break the chain of sin holding her to this world and send her screaming back to the Abyss . 
Been playing only about 2 months and my WoW character is already level 60 . I is epic ? 
this place is a ghost town on the weekends 
? You can check out any time you like , but you can never leave ? 
Only silly kids believe in Candleja- 
Bleh psych study today . Only have 1 more to go . 
Lord Sauron's Advice Column : Hi mister dark lord , I'm new to town and I don't know a good way to get into the community . I'm glad you asked , the best thing to do is make some magic rings and hand them out then twist the wearers into evil shades to serve your bidding . 
RIP Pokemon Writer Takeshi Shudo ; thank you for giving us the original but sadly not being able to drag the rest of the writing team away from the desk before they completely ruined the series . 
If the TEA party folks can dress up , I SO want to show up one of their rallies dressed as a british red coat ...... 
Happy Day of Eternal Night ! 
* sigh * ethics class consistently shows me that not everyone really knows anything about anything and just parrot the same three uniformed bullshitty arguments for why things are bad . From this we conclude that students need to actually < expletive deleted > listen to unbiased truth over opinionated dross . 
Is a World Explorer in World of Warcraft . Yay ? 
Though I may not have registered to vote I urge all of you who have to go out and vote for someone who will listen to our voice and right the wrongs so done by the GOP and allay the wounds so left . If it be that no redress be given then Sic Semper Tyrannus , my friends , cast them down . 
is Level 80 now . DING ! 
What Would Sauron Do ? He'd Probably Kill Stuff ... 
I had to steal my roommates < PROPFEMALE > cable to get any internet here because for somereason neither uml-game-consoles or uml-student will work . at all . 
NaNoWriMo is going to destroy me ...... :/ 
All Your Base Are Belong To Lieberman ( Uncle < PROPFIRST > Is Watching ! ) 
I hate debating , because I always get angry because the opposition is using flimsy and stupid arguments . * grr * Its why I sit out of debates . 
Today was awesome :) <3 
Finally , I have a story idea I want to work on . 
Dig yourself a shallow grave , Your life is not the legacy of honor you would dig six feet for ... 
Finally , right when I have a great idea for a story a freaking writing assignment for college writing . Why do I bother ? 
wootwoot no classes today ! Thanks , Vets ! 
My roomie just finished Mass Effect 2 . Must .... resist .... urge ... to ..... spoil ....... 
finally going to get that elusive last psych study credit ... 
Eternal-WoW got faceshot now I lost a level 80 Warlock and a level 70 Death Knight . 
Yogg-Saron =D efeated ....... that was a tough encounter . 
if there is a God , he's probably Trolled humanity a few times ..... 
Alliance think they can just roll into Orgrimmar ? DENIED ! 
The Barrens General Chat Field , you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy ....... 
This week is taking way too long 
blehhhhh sick > ; 
Horde or Alliance ? Discuss ... 
Makes me wonder ... if extraterrestrials ever happened upon our pale blue dot ... would they be impressed ? 
Once , Saurfang spat a loogie into Ulduar . The result was Yogg-Saron . 
seriously thinks the enrollment here is fucking stupid . i've spend about 5 hours trying to fit classes in between a 3:00 pm class Monday & Wednesday and an 8am- 10:40 am class on Friday and absolutely NOTHING fits at all . 
for some reason facebook has a virus and wont stop spamming people :/ ignore me 
alright i changed my password i think that fixed it . 
:/ too much work 
Stop ! \ 
Hammertime ! 
has the robot unicorn attack song stuck in my head 
Insanity Wolf is my wingman ;) 
WE MUSTN'T CROSS THE MEMES ! 
* burp * Achievement Unlocked- Turkey Day 2010 5g 
K9 Agent On Duty : < PROPMALE > ( Is Not Only a Drug-Sniffing Unit But Is Also A Junkie ) 
Can't wait to see his < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow <3 
* dances * Torchlight for only 5$ ? Yes ! 
FINALLY PICKED MY LAST CLASS FOR NEXT SEMESTER ! W00T ! 
back to < PROPMALE > now . hooray schoolwork ! 
only 1 class tomorrow . :) 
Has the llama song stuck in his head 
must ...... finish ..... movie ...... before ....... bed 
is watching < PROPMALE > Henson's \The Storyteller \"" 
Intelligent Design is not science , it is dogma . Do not lend it any credence and don't let the conservative right push it into our schools . GOD IS NOT THE ULTIMATE ANSWER TO EVERYTHING , SCIENCE IS PARAMOUNT AND SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERY IS NOT AN ATTACK UPON FAITH ! SCIENCE IS INCOMPARABLE WITH CREATIONIST ELOCUTION . < PROPMALE > is right and anyone who doesn't think so is an idiot . I'll be taking questions now ... 
its poke month and NO ONE TOLD ME ?!?!?!?!? 
unlike you folks I am in < PROPMALE > and immune to your power outage . :D 
what a tiring day today ... 
Phoenix Wright is my wingman now :P 
wants to keep on writing but needs to stop having a billion ideas first 
So uhm .... apparently Snoop Dogg is going to be in concert in < PROPMALE > . Dunno if I should be ashamed or barricade myself inside my room .... 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :D 
sort of wishes his life had an epic orchestral soundtrack .... 
Theres a reason I spend so much time in Storm Peaks , its the awesome music .... 
shower then might watch a movie or something ...... bored tonight ...... 
had a thought : In the grand scheme of things , does it say anything about the average intelligence of Americans that we have to put the suffix \-gate\ " on the end of something to make people understand something is important .... or that you think that it is important ? " 
* collapses * finally , I'm done taking notes for this paper . Now to actually write the darn thing .... 
Nothing says \winter\ " quite like absolutely no snow whatsoever :/ why wont the snow < PROPFEMALE > visit < PROPMALE >?" 
can't wait to see his < PROPFEMALE > again <3 
* whine * why wont Christmas come sooner ? 
boo .... papers to write :/ 
Y'know whats funny ? Kittens sitting on roombas . Y'know whats not funny ? CALLING FOR THE ASSASSINATION OF A US CITIZEN come on , congress you have better things to do and you too Mrs. Palin . 
F-ck its cold outside ! 
Maybe Facebook can Decide : Should my next story , set in an evil school run by the devil himself , be A : a dark thriller ( a la < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) , B : a Gothic horror novel ( a la Bram Stoker ) or C : a dark romance novel ( definitely NOT like a certain author beginning with the word \S \")" 
Currently rocking out to some tunes & studying . Thou shalt not disturb the studying dragon ! : < 
oh god ! I killed cleverbot ! :O 
If I hear the phrase \war of christmas\ " uttered AT ALL in my general area ..... I may have to strangle them . Just sayin '" 
Oh god my facebok changed again . DO NOT WANT ! :O 
Adventuring Rule #499 : Never use a holy symbol on an evil altar to summon a god , then fail your will save to the suggestion \I can give you power . \ " your charachter will slaughter your party and wear their bits as a hat . " 
Oy ... its so < PROPFEMALE > here I nearly blew away ... 
* sigh * don't make me have to post another rantish \Mental Popcorn \"." 
Monday ? DO NOT WANT ! :O 
watching \A Flock of Dodos\ " on Netflix .... very good documentary . " 
watching NeverEnding Story tonite . Do not disturb >:O 
so much work to still do .......... * frowny face * 
in bed before 1am ? its a miracle . 
bites the hand that feeds him because tis extra food & he is hungry . :P 
Nothing says \Christmas\ " like wholesale slaughter ....... did I say \ " Christmas\ " I meant to say \ " war \"..." 
thinks you should play WoW on this private server http://eternal-wow.com/?r=222627 :D 
bitch , imma teach ya how < PROPFEMALE > dougie ... 
So the senate passed the DADT repeal but is this actually repealed or \repealed\ " as in \ " we voted that way but we'll stall getting rid of it as long as we can \"?" 
< PROPFEMALE > Longo <3 <3 <3 
has returned to the 546 ....... finally 
going to see hp7 , hopefully it isn't sold out today . 
:/ 
tis the season to be trollin ' trololololololololoooooooooooooooooo 
is becoming more and more interested in current events ..... can't think why .... 
one does not simply QWOP into Mordor ... 
just remember the last president to overstep the bounds of his office ... 20/20 hindsight I suppose . 
The Craftworlds sing to me and I respond in kind 
finally got l4d2 on sale on steam . going to take a while to download , the file is large . 
lulz , conversing with WoW n00bz is fun xD 
snow ?! NOW ?! little late dontcha think ? 
even in college I still call my classes \blocks\ " lol " 
Things I Am No Longer Allowed to do at Hogwarts # 155 : I will not refer to the Accio charm as \The Force \"." 
< PROPFEMALE > Whateverthefuck 
everything in life can be explained through Minecraft 
hopes everyone had a good day on the day that is today , december 25th otherwise known as \the day we get stuff\ " oh and something about jesus ... " 
Mmmmmm , blizzard ....... 
i have survived the power outage ! :D 
Voldemort for President : Because he's a lot better than Palin . 
RIP : the inspiration for < PROPFEMALE > the Riveter , the face that defined an < PROPFEMALE > of women in the workplace , G < PROPFEMALE > ldine < PROPMALE > has passed away . En Taro Tassadar , miss < PROPMALE > . 
Why ? Why must it be so cold in my room ?! 
Chocolate ? Did you say chocolate ?! 
In Soviet Russia ..... < insert punchline here > 
\Bless the mind too small for doubt\ " ~ Chaplin-Commander Octavius " 
going to finish up another forge creation for ye olde halo 3 . brb . 
Why is writing for villains so much more fun than writing heroes ? I'll tell you , with the villain you can let it all < PROPFEMALE > out . Make them sadistic , loquacious and as much or as little the Bond villain you want . Make them set orphans on fire , kick a cat , anything . Villains are fun to write . 
\taking the French along with you to war is about as useful as taking an accordion deer hunting . \ " gotta love the anti-french sentiment in the corners of < PROPFEMALE > that real news hasn't been in to since 1776 . " 
monday , do not want ! 
is currently watching \The War\ " a documentary by < PROPMALE > Burns . " 
BLAAAAAAAAARG is what have to say about this weather . 
\don't tell me that the world is alright until the prime-time news channel shows us pictures of cute kittens \"" 
I gots the new Ultramarines movie here . Be jelly , < PROPFIRST > Murphy 
Vwls r s mnstrm 
I wonder which 11:11 is the proper wishing one . AM or PM ... 
Need a new game to fill the void left by WoW ... boredom is boring . 
So , let me get this straight so I'm no longer so confused . The 112th Congress says if you want to pass something which would affect the deficit you also have to cut something of equal or lesser value . Except for the things the Republicans want to pass ... which would invariably increase the ... deficit .... WTF GUYS , THATS SOME SERIOUS EIGHTH CIRCLE HYPOCRISY ! 
When a thing you really , really want to happen doesn't get the spark or connection required to make it happen ....... what does one do ? Just make up the spark/connection so it happens anyways ? Do you just give up ? 
Guh . The more and more I read & learn about current events the more i'm disgusted by some people's actions .... no matter where they are on the political spectrum some things are just wrong no matter what philosophical < PROPFEMALE > you look through . 
name for me just one time in history when politics WASN'T a hotbed of vitriolic discussion ? The < PROPMALE > Senate wasn't exactly a conclave of philosophers like we pretend and remember someone got ASSASSINATED there . Nowadays things are kind of tragically quaint . 
would love to just ....... sit in studio with people like < PROPMALE > O'Reilly and tell him what the American public actually needs and to ask him a few questions . 
is going to make a video response tonight so don't bother him while he's fiddling with the webcams fail-ness . 
facebook wont let me upload my video because it's too long :( if you want to watch my reaction to the conservative party put your email below and I'll send it . 
if you want to watch the video reaction i made to the conservative party and their seeming agenda , you'll have to download it from mediafire . the link will be here in a few minutes . 
Global Agenda is fun .... if laggy 
SPQR 
If you think about it .... one could call Christianity a Genestealer Cult ..... 
Back to school soon ..... idk if I should be happy or sad . 
BRING IN THE DANCING LOBSTERS !!! 
Endlessly watching PBS specials online . 
There are days where I want to punch these natural fiber loving young parents in the face every time they behave stupidly and hurt their child's future . Give them their vaccines , let them play outside , read to them and not just from the Bible , let them have fun and for fucks sake give them a proper and full education . Please just stop making more ignorant , misinformed shit-spawn to muck up the planet even more ! 
Excuse me , is this Madness ??? 
Riverhawks hockey is on NECN right now ...... GO UML ! :P 
\Ford ? \ " \ 
I s'pose I will choose to be mute then , if nothing I say is interesting or informed . I'll keep my opinions to myself . K ? 
Yeah , I know , photoshoppping sucks so shoot me . 
Alakazam used \Inception\ " ...... the enemy Pokemon was confused ! " 
Back to UML on Sunday . Gonna make the most of this semester . :) 
watching Avatar : The Last Airbender . No interrupting ! 
OMG the Ultramarines movie was AMAZING ! :D 
New acronym : HSIOW- Holy Shit It's Only Wednesday ! 
settled in ...... it looks like this will be an ...... interesting semester I suppose .... 
First round of classes @ 12:30 :/ 
ITS BUBBLE-WRAP APPRECIATION DAY !!!!!! 1 !! 1 ! 
So not in the mood for 8am tomorrow . :/ didn't sleep well last night . 
Goodnight , < PROPFEMALE > ... 
early morning class went well I suppose . Now my 3:30 - 4:00 class and done for the day ... then i just repeat it all over again on thursday . whoo ! 
This semester is gonna not fun . Homework might be a pain ... we'll have to see . 
Homework is not going to pile up this semester , but i'm gonna have to sacrifice any game-playing .... whatsoever .... until I can figure out how to manage my homework and fun . 
I was not aware that the bird is the word ... 
Bleh ! 
Finished Dracula 
Classes cancelled until noon ? No 8am class today you say ? Well =] thats made today a lot better ! 
* yawn * so all I have for class is @ 3:00 pm . Good day , good day ... 
\Best part about Lion < PROPMALE > ? Lions doing it missionary style \"" 
Axe Cop vs < PROPMALE > Norris ....... who wins ? 
is glad to lend his support to the protesters in Cairo . Oppression must be stamped out ! 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > Julceus . You make my day with some of the things you say . 
Psych Club @ 5pm .... then idk ..... finish the last season of the last airbender maybe ? ( PS : the Fire Nation chick ? The crazy one ? Yeah , I hope she dies ... :/ ) 
phunny story : my building lit on fire again . lololololol 
\When the Path is cast under a great storm ... where winds lash and rain buffets . Though the awe and greatness of its destruction may overwhelm ... remember that the Path is eternal and will always be there to guide you and comfort you . Faith is a virtue . \"" 
so uhm , classes after 2pm are cancelled . Yay ? 
Days since last < PROPMALE > Roll : -5 
finally finished Avatar : The Last Airbender 
\There are great and terrible things which work to undo the Path . One must judge those who misuse the Path towards their own dark ends . Reject the darkness that shadows even the most < PROPFEMALE > hearts ... cast down malice . The Path rejects evil in all its forms . \"" 
so apparently kindle gift cards are just regular amazon gift cards that CAN work for the Kindle cuz I just ordered a new beanbag chair and it said 25$ off from a gift card . so uhm , oops ? 
Disregard real life , acquire obsidian 
one more fire alarm ... seriously ... i'll go crazy 
I'm not saying the guys across from me are evil or anything but one of them just walked into his room with a pimp cane that looked like the snake < PROPMALE > that Jaffar has in Aladdin . Just sayin ' 
* yawn * nice of the heavens to snow out two days of classes but uhm ...... I can still has sleep tonight right ? 
Happy Year of Rabbit , everyone ! 
Dilemma : Play Minecraft or not play Minecraft ...... 
? you've got a prayer in Memphis ? 
G'night . 8am class tomorrow then nothing . 
Kind of wants to make a meme ........ but of WHO ? 
It's Caturday ! 
What an interesting day indeed ! 
NASA found 54 habitable extrasolar planets ..... F YEAH SCI-FI ! 
Homework then whatever . Testing out Sins of a Solar Empire today later ... 
Chinese food , pizza and chips .... the cuisine of college . 
It's Bunday ! 
Minecraft = begun . Already got my first iron pickaxes , an iron shovel and a bucket . 
fucking help desk resets my password then dosen't tell me . assholes . 
I only cheer for two teams in football .... the Pats and whoever is beating the Colts and/or the Steelers . So uhm .... yeah , congrats Green Bay ? 
My Minecraft project ? Start collecting stone , iron , gold , dirt , glass and wood so I can start constructing something . You'll find out if and when I get it started but as a tease I'm making a man-made island . In a lake . Out of stacked towers of dirt . 
Psychological evaluation : You are at the supermarket , and in the aisle you see a man and a woman fighting . It is going to come to blows , you can just feel it in the air . Will the man or the woman become physical first , and why ? ( this is in my critical thinking textbook ) 
11- 12:30 class then Minecraft ... then maybe a movie tonight idk . 
So I hacked my way through tons of stone only stumble to the entrance of my underground home ... but I found a lot of coal .... 
a good start on my Minecraft island castle . Gonna take longer to build the entire thing but a good start . 
Hooray Rep. Giffords is actually starting to talk again :) 
Minecraft construction is going to be a pain when I get to the roof part . Need a ton of materials because I can't come down until it is done . But once it is , I will have completed the tower part ... the hardest part . 
Almost finished with the tower ! Just have to put the roof on and build in the underground vault ! 
Going to finish digging up dirt in Minecraft and seeding grass onto my little island .... then watching Threshold tonight . Txt . 
good haul in Minecraft today . Found a huge underground mine , chock full of stuff . On a side note ; fuck grass . 
All the good movies on Netflix aren't streaming ( sad face)\ 
Watching Close Encounters of the Third Kind some time this weekend . 
is happy for the Egyptian people . No more dictator ! 
working on a minecart track to a new location . how many engines should I need to go up a wicked steep incline ? 
Homework , then Minecraft , then Demigod , then Movie Night . Anyone who wants to watch \Close Encounters of the Third Kind\ " come knock some time before 7:30 " 
Of all the fictitious languages I wish I knew , D'Ni is number 1 . 
I don't give a flying fuck about celebrities giving each other awards . But my news feeds from everything are clogged to geezus with it so I might as well read them . 
dammit Egypt , why'd you have to let a military junta take over ? 
Happy Singles-Awareness Day ! Hug a single near you ! 
\The reason the aliens aren't visiting us is they saw how fucked up and violent we were and are steering clear and waiting for the eventual nuclear holocaust so they can vulture pick up the resources we didn't burn or shove up our asses . \"" 
if national defense was like pants v zombies , we'd be pretty set for life here . 
One of those days where a million thoughts are churning in my head .... 
Exitus Acta Probat 
fuck it , manually setting the doctor who one was such a bitch I chose a premade one of Ezio Auditore di Firenze 
Open fridge door , light comes on . You can't explain that . 
Word of advice to the Government ; For the love of all that is sacred DON'T DECLARE WAR ON THE INTERNET . SERIOUSLY , BAD MOVE . It's like trying to fight a war on two fronts , you always fuck up and fail . 
feels very sick , needs some one to watch over him while he stays here . :( 
Feels a little better . Thanks for the birthday wishes ! :) 
you know what would be funny ? If the congress banned pbs and npr from broadcasting ..... what that ?...... they already are trying to cut funding and broadcasting rights ? Head ? meet desk ...... 
At least I'm not as sick as before . Thanks for the happy birthdays , y'all! 
WebMD , the bane of the hypochondriac .... 
bluh ..... still got one more day to go . hope i feel better tomorrow ! 
feeling better today . 
Alright , fuck , I'm sick of pretending to be neutral . Doesn't this stuff just get you so fucking pissed off ? No , men are not allowed to vote on women's rights . No . Not until men can give birth . OK ? 
alright finally i'm feeling better . i still am coughing like a smoker but that'll pass too . take that , you fricken flu . 
why the hell wont my news feed refresh ? 
i couldn't think of anything interesting to say today .... so ....... enjoy this ellipsis ... 
is just going to go to bed and sleep now .... 
Well thats another building in Minecraft sort of built ........ need more stone though . 
Thanks red line bus for magically turning into a blue line bus and plopping me off at North so I had to walk home in the rain over an icy bridge . 
Another night watching scrubs and snacking , pretending I'm having fun . 
Creepers gonna ' splode 
daily show & cheez its .... pretending I'm having a good night 
Just finished scripting another video response to the US , and needs someone here who feels like they can answer some honest questions about the climate surrounding women's rights in < PROPFEMALE > . I will actually be recording this so uhm .... yeah ... 
Think I'll make you my Seal Driver ... 
? Could you fancy me as a Pirate bold ? Or a longship Viking warrior with the Old Gods on his side ...? 
You revolting in the Mid East ? < PROPFEMALE > loves you . Rallying in < PROPFEMALE > ? Fuck you . 
The guys playing Halo : Reach in the common room . One shot an autolock rocket at a Banshee that barrelrolled and dodged the rocket ... which came back around and quaruple killed when three teammates respawned on the guy . So tis a suicide and triple betrayal . LOL 
Would a Meritocracy be a bad idea ? 
I am going to start writing some day ... I just need the confidence ... 
loves the fact that theres black ice everywhere outside but no one has put salt down .... 
It's like the planet c o-o rdinated itself to be extremely irritating today ... I blame the evil Pigeon Conspiracy . 
The essence of logic is truth . If something you say is not true , it is not logical . True or false ? 
The last note I published , kind of wanted to pretend it was a real religion that I started ..... just to see who would believe me . I mean , Scientology has followers .... why not a religion whose text is written on cocktail napkins ? 
March Madness 2011 on The Escapist . Mojang all the way , baby ! GO MINECRAFT ! 
Justice is served : after two days of deliberation < PROPFEMALE > Forde will be joined her co-conspirators on Arizona's death row . She can go chill with the Devil in a fiery pit now . 
the internet is serious business 
happy dr. seuss day ! 
Deadpool vs Deadpool ........ divide by zero in Comic Book land 
Soviet Terror Drone ? In My Tank ? 
I'm making a meme collage on my door ...... everyone is allowed to participate . Just let me know you're putting something up . 
why does memebuilder keep timing out ? 
GOP ? Y U No Like Women ? 
Spamspamspamspam 
All along the Watchtower , princes kept the view , while all the women came and went , barefoot servants too , outside in the cold distance , a wildcat did growl , two riders were approaching , and the wind began to howl . 
Xenophobia : ( Zen-o-foh-bia ) An exaggerated or abnormal fear of strangers or foreigners , a strong antipathy or aversion to strangers or foreigners . See also : The United States of < PROPFEMALE > . 
? The wind in the wires made a tattle-tale sound as the waves broke over the railing , and every man knew as the captain did too twas the witch of November come stealin ' ? 
New phrase : WWCSD What Would < PROPFIRST > Sheen Do ? Cocaine and Prostitutes .... next question . 
The Darkness is everywhere , it is a part of all of us ... we must resist its pull towards evil things ... towards the Destroyer . 
needs a dsl cord pronto 
You cannot throw ideas on the bonfire . 
wants to smack the idiot in charge of the internet here . they are clearly not doing their job . 
OK , how much is it gonna cost for Monday to go away for good ? 
No homework leads to boredom , which leads to watching old movies .... 
Happy International Women's Day ! 
The dying forever seek either a firm hold on life or to harm the world of the living so that while they sleep in graves , those whose hearts still beat must feel the bite of the riven blade . Such is the state of existence , the endless cycle of looking to the next generation and stamping on their foot and slamming the door in their face . 
I want to see a movie of At The Mountains of Madness in my lifetime . Kthxbai . 
Today has been brought to you by the letter : Snarf 
So uhm . If you live in New Hampshire .... and are in college ..... yeah , don't get too excited to vote in the coming election . The GOP there would rather you didn't ... you know .... you might vote in someone they don't like . 
is sleepy .... * yawn * 
Nostalgia is : going back through xkcd to find the first comic you ever saw . For me ? #571 
OBJECTION ! I AM AWESOME AND THEREFORE YOUR ARGUMENT IS INVALID ! >:D 
Finally has a portal in minecraft . Next project , another house . Hows a sprawling mountaintop wooden fort sound ? 
my heart goes out to all affected by the earthquake and tsunami in Japan . May the dead be cradled in the bower of the Light and be guarded on their journey into another life as the Cycle wills . Ashlardi'im . 
Silrian Word of the Day- Zjar'q: A curse word meaning \Afflicted\ " or \ " Afflicted by the < PROPFIRST > of the Destroyer\ " . This curse word follows from the practice of branding the door of a heretic with the < PROPFIRST > of the Destroyer for committing the crime . The same as calling someone a \ " criminal\ " without them really being one necessarily . " 
Is sad to hear the sitch in Haiti is getting worse :( cholera outbreak = not good . But < PROPMALE > is there decreasing worldsuck so thats good , right ? 
There are two paths to the Light . The stoic path , keeping close with the traditions and ways . The reformist path , which clarifies and interprets and opens the faith to many new and unexplored paths . Both lead to the Light . Which suits you ? 
* snore * ho hum day .... 
Hand me my thinking grenades ! 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! 
One must learn , for to not learn is to harm not only the self but the nation as a whole . 
Sometimes , I think what would happen if I wore polkadots and stripes , then went to visit < PROPFEMALE > Julceus . Would her eyes explode ? 
everything is better with kittens in it ! 
I just took a wonderful walk outside . On nights like this , I realize how beautiful a place we all really live . Through all the suffering , we still live in a wonderful little blue rock in the middle of no and where . 
Kha'adajite: A word for someone who hyperbolically assumes the world is always about to end . Referencing Kha'adaj , the end time . 
Silrian word of the day : Maledictus : The < PROPFEMALE > host , after being blackened by the Destroyer , are redeemed by the uncorrupted Anchorites who were then transfigured as penance for the evil done . Released from evil , they banished themselves to the Far Veil . 
Silrian word of the day : Goh'vann- The Lords of Shadow , the human augurs corrupted by the Destroyer who gained immense power after Arath was lost to darkness . Every hundred years , one Lord is chosen above the others to rule over them ... it follows the cycle of Kajah'r , the cyclical pattern of who will gain the power of the Overlord of Shadow . 
back at < PROPMALE > again . two more months to go . 
Good night , giant < PROPFEMALE > ... 
needs chalk ... 
Sorin Markov or < PROPFEMALE > Vess ? If you don't know what I'm referencing , don't ask . 
Fear Deck + Land Destruction Deck + < PROPFEMALE > Deck = ? 
got his package from afar today :3 
Rule of Adventuring #171 : When presented with a cake with a tag which reads \eat me\ " do not eat it . It is poisoned and will make you start wildly hallucinating . The rouge in the party thought it would be \ " funny \"." 
Silrian word of the day : Khas'ra: The holy retribution , the defense of faith through dialogue or the defense of faith from physical harm by way to the sword . Khas'ra is a war of defense only and may not become offensive . Khas'ra has only occurred twice , on Arath during the Coming of the Darkness and on Thassaria during the Turncoat Rebellion . 
It's not about the budget ! 
Silrian word of the day : Kelidash- The third son of Lord Archanamacha , he took the throne after the Grey Maiden snatched Lord Archanamacha off to the primal nether for ordering the death of Archemorus Somataaw . Kelidash the Usurper codified the 12 Laws of the Light as the law of the Ebonspire and erected a monument to the first Archon in the square before the palace . 
Let these words ring from the highest mountains to the lowest basins . The line has been drawn ... 
the second Guardians RP is half over ! Finally over the hump ... 
MISLEADING < PROPFEMALE > IS MISLEADING !!! 
Silrian word of the day : Calladius- The word for the highest court of the Law of the Light . Usually overseen by two secular judges of common law and one priest or monk who sits in and interprets the Laws of the Light for the case at hand . Calladius is different because there are no lawyers , plaintiff and defendant both make their own claims and support their cases with their own evidence . 
' s heart goes out to those in < PROPFEMALE > affected by the earthquake yesterday . So many earthquakes , its unbelievable . 
Oh God , if < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann is elected president I am swearing here and now I am emigrating to Canada . Y'all are welcome to come with me . 
watching Bicentennial Man . You know , I've never seen it before ...... 
Guh , TF2 is so hinged on the achievements its almost not worth it to play . 
i dont understand why this dsl cord isnt working ... 
Hey , Newt Gingrich . How you doin ' . Look , could you just shut up for like a day ? The more you try to damage control , the more of a horse's ass you look . < PROPFEMALE > ? 
theres mice on my floor of the building . everyone up your food , move it someplace the mice can't get to or hide it in a friend's room . 
Success ! The robots give us an extra six seconds of trust ! 
One episode of Babylon 5 then bedtime ... 
F-cking snow 
May this be < PROPFIRST > on high . That there is no more leniency for those who follow dark paths . There is and shall forever me a thin but uncrossable line betwixt that which is good and that which is not . Though it may not be evil , it is against morality . Morality is the highest precept which we must adhere to , and therefore it is wrong to go against it . Is this true ? 
Well , the Jewish service I attended was QUITE interesting . 
this someone opened the dryer downstairs while he was up here writing now my clothes are still damp and need an extra cycle . Grrr . 
should probably get around to filling out stuff for next semester ..... tomorrow morning first thing ! 
\Reach out and hear the voice of the wholeness of creation . The pulse of life and faith that runs through all of life .... from the tiniest to the greatest ..... \ " Canto 11 : The Book of Councils " 
Picked a good schedule ! :D 
Survived on \The Port\ " in L4D2 for 33 minutes ...... WINNING ! " 
? Yeah so tired of waiting , waiting for us to wake up ? 
Silrian word of the day : K'jata- Pejorative for someone hailing from the southern lands controlled by the Whistling Labyrinth . K'jat is a kind of copper skinned fruit which the people there eat extensively as it is starchy like a banana . 
Do not want monday :( 
\Only < PROPFIRST > Beck could make < PROPMALE > O'Reilly look like a statesman . \"" 
I love when facebook spazzes and posts things 8 times in a row ... 
Guess whose getting exactly 45 minutes of sleep tonight ? :( 
i don't know why i can't enroll in classes is this not working for anyone else ? now i'm never going to get the classes I want !!!! :( 
Napping until the end of time ... zzz 
Conservatives asking people \Do You Think The Democratic President We Despise Should Get A Second Term ? \ " is like asking someone from PETA if they'd like a bite of your roast beef sandwich ..... " 
Silrian word of the day : Jae'vra- A species of pachyderms native to Arath , with white skin and dark tusks . Highly prized for their black < PROPFIRST > . 
Vladimir Putin vs < PROPMALE > Norris ..... who wins ? 
The days of the week on the Internet : Bunday , Memeday , Humpday , Thorsday , Furryday , Caturday , Sundog . If you need clarification of what these mean , you aren't on the internet enough . 
Silrian word of the day : Kelidan- A council or defunct meeting of community leaders or rulers/leaders of any kind meant to make decisions for a community or a kingdom at large . Usually used in wartime between allies , it now applies to any kind of defunct meeting made specifically to decide something for a group . 
One paper down , one more to go ! 
Silrian word of the day : Lin'andra: The doctrine of patriarchy established by Archon Castigan the Immortal , that a womans place is the home and childbirth and thus contradicted the doctrine established by the Light saying \A woman's power and place is within the home and over the children\ " meaning a woman has ultimate authority in the home and over children . " 
Happy Earth Day and Natural Gas explosion ! :D * Srsly , my heart goes out to those in < PROPFEMALE > affected by this ' splosion from tuesday * 
Silrian word of the day : El'a- Modifier for a word to make it past tense , placed before a verb , noun or noun phrase to indicate the past tense 
Happy Caturday , everyone ! 
Easter egg hunt tomorrow night is gonna be fun fun fun :) 
Hooray for chocolate and < PROPFEMALE > rabbits ..... oh yeah and something about Zombie Jesus .... 
Final paper = done . HUZZAH ! 
NyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyanNyan 
Finally , sleep time ... then another cycle of classes .... * sigh * 
I think its time someone said it : < PROPFEMALE > is no longer as big and threatening a global superpower as we were . We are , basically , at the same place the USSR was when it broke up . 
wish I could get back around to writing my stories .... 
This Portal Achievement is going to kill me .... and all the cake is gone .... 
Happy 226th Birthday , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Audubon .... 
\I Can't Music ! \ " ~ Kelly < PROPFIRST > Hassett " 
Well , the world of Azeroth just got 90% creepier ..... 
trolololololol :D <3 
It's almost hanko de mayo .... :D 
Note : Evil , demonic voices sound cooler when speaking in french . 
Gah , my whole head is stuffy ! 
guh , take-home logic final is hard to do when your brain is mostly still asleep . 
Face it , world ... that chromosome that makes you male is pretty much becoming more and more damaged and defective with every generation . 
Adventuring Rule #999 : Die old and wealthy with some children to squabble over the inheritance . 
Adventuring Rule 7 : Duel wielding small animals is strictly forbidden . 
389 . My samurai is not required to commit seppuku if he fails to hit the monster . 
540 . A full minute of stunned silence means \My God what did you do ? \ " not \ " Please continue . \"" 
1043 . Ninjas do not have a hive mind . 
1062 . Even if I think of something the Demi-lich isnt immune to , hes immune to it . 
Things Mr. Welch Is No Longer Allowed To Do In D&D : 1129 . I will refrain from casting Dimension Jump and Magnificent Mansion on every police box we pass . 
Got stuck in a TvTropes loop for a long time there ..... what year is it ? 
1479 . Using the time machine to put ' W ' at the front of the alphabet is silly . 
388 . Pursue means < PROPMALE > after , not just make called shots to the knees . 
1666 . If if takes more than five minutes for the debris to stop falling , I need to pick a smaller gun . 
Well , I had an adventure .... 
A typical monday night is watching Maru the Cat while studying ..... 
Minecraft texture pack ! Its the RPG one , little slower running now but still playable just need to be careful placing blocks . 
Portal mishaps in Minecraft : has anyone seen my legs perchance ? 
Rule of Adventuring 488 : When fishing , use a fishing < PROPMALE > . Do not use a fireball , meteor shower , flamethrower , dominate monster , magic missile , bug zapper , or explosive . Draining the lake is also frowned upon . 
1527 . There is no Patron Saint of the Dodecahedron . False , I am the Patron Saint of the Dodecahedron ! WORSHIP ME !!! 
New Minecraft project !!! 
OmNomNomNom :3 
Today is the last day of the Guide to Adventuring .... now passes a legacy ... 
Oh hey , look the sky is turning red and raining fire ..... interesting .... 
This just in : Jesus called back and said he forgot about the leap year . The rapture is actually NEXT Saturday . False alarm , everybody we got 1 more week to get everything done . 
Still scouring for a job this summer ... if anyone has ideas feel free to let me know . 
< PROPFEMALE > is such a brick sometimes ... 
Silrian word of the day : Dil'dari , a staple of food in Arath . An unleavened flatbread used to scoop up other food . Cereal grain based . 
The skies are showing their bones tonight ... 
Should me new module use Vitality/Wound damage system or not ? 
It was ?? ' s birthday yesterday ! Happy belated birthday ! 
I might work Minecraft into my next D&D world/module . 
The fog makes me wonder if some Lovecraftian horror is about to emerge and devour our sanity . 
I wonder if I finish this gold , < PROPFEMALE > and lapis statue of Notch then @reply it to Notch on Twitter he will see it .... it is kind of gigantic . 
On the plus side , now that the floating island is done I now have to get down .... crap 
The definition of a scientist is spending 5 1/2 hours attempting to balance two people on a see-saw using only physics ... 
What is a good way to build high up in Minecraft without falling . Like , it is just freely standing in the air . 
Finally a new < PROPFEMALE > video ... 
My many attempts at horror are unsuccessful .... hopefully this time I get it right . 
OK so story number one probably sucked but hey , I'm trying ... 
CREEPYPASTA : Because you weren't going to sleep tonight anyways .... 
Alright , so no cosmic monstrosities ate my sanity .... but I'm still pissed about the whole \throwing me into the mysterious pit\ " thing . ? _ ? Never playing Call of Cthulhu again . " 
\For the last time ; no you are not allowed to make the Shoggoth your pet . Stop trying to put a collar on it ! \ " this is when you know your GM is about to kill you character . " 
Z ???????????? a ???????????????? l ???????? g ????????????? o ?????????!????????????? 
Happy national doughnut day to me * nom * 
BRB : Zalgo is in the cookie jar .... 
He is the Rake ... 
Z ????????? a ???????????? l ???????????? g ???????? o ???????????? 
\Perhaps the ending has not yet been written ... \ " ~ Atrus " 
Minecrafting for about an hour . Slowly filling my new underwater glass box with sand . 40 blocks down 360 to go . 
\We are all made up of stardust ... think of that next time you don't feel special . \"" 
I R Teh Bored :/ 
Should be walking normally soon ... 
A nice summer storm to take the heat away ... 
What is more important ... that secrets stay hidden or the truth is told ? 
Good Night , < PROPFEMALE > ... ( finish it if you remember the rest ) 
Finally beat Portal 2 and I'm glad I did . Now to go back and get all the achievements that I missed .... 
Whats your favorite thing about space ? Mine is space ! 
W ? Ar ? INg : C ? ? ORR ? UptiON is ??? At 9 ? 0% ????  ? $£ FACT : SPACE DOES NOT EXIST 
how many note blocks is too much ? Because I can play the Lost Woods theme in minecraft now . 
Downloading Spiral Knights now . Gosh , I love free games ! 
Rule of Adventuring #70 : When in doubt , magic missile ... 
is downloading the Songs to Test By from www.thinkwithportals.com/music 
I have a new idea of how to play Minecraft . I'm subdividing my world into \made from scratch\ " and \ " made using TooManyItems mod\ " so some projects are more important than others . " 
Rule of Adventuring #33 : he ability to parry does not < PROPFEMALE > over into projectile weapons . specially when you are trying to parry using your own < PROPFEMALE > . 
I sometimes wonder what the \mother creeper\ " would be in Minecraft ... " 
Great day today with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hassett & < PROPMALE > Welsh 
Time to get back on the evil pony named \Ice Cream\ " and start indulging myself . " 
Would you kindly go to sleep now ? 
Even though Spiral Knights has a childish graphics design and color scheme its very fun for everyone who plays . Love the mechanics of the game . 
NYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYANNYAN .... 
Fact : Though < PROPFIRST > Einstein is credited with the invention of the push-up , Nikolai Tesla had invented it 20 years prior under the name \Telsa-cise \"" 
Apparently a certain hacker group just trod on the toes of the British Government who , reportedly , are ... * flips pages of legal pad * ... \right bloody angry \"...." 
computer fine now but was having HUGE issue . 
I <3 my laser 
I feel like every time my computer is on now I'm playing Russian roulette with it . 
Figured out whats wrong .... I'm gonna hafta recover my OS or get a new one . BOOTNUKE TYME ! 
Getting repairs next Friday .... 
There's just one more thing ... RIP < PROPFIRST > Falk 
After a long trip in New York State and many days of walking I am home again ... with approximately 200-300 pictures to upload . 
Finally facebook is back . Thanks Google+ 
Waiting for the computer repair person ... hopefully before my laptop decides to go into the light . 
the repair people forgot to come .... not kidding 
Finished the Halo : Reach campaign . Did some Firefight .... got a Killionare .... #winning 
Still having issues . Laptop seems to be out of control with no clear solution . 
Alright , for now on gaming takes place on the desktop downstairs . 
Happy Independence Day 
Just unlocked blue flames on Bungie.net! 
New phone ! 
yay thunderstorm ! 
So apparently I can post here from my phone ... ENGAGE STATUS-STORM BOMB ! 
penis 
Wiping < PROPFEMALE > then I'll figure from there . 
There are bugs everywhere inside my house . Wtf ? 
The Narwhal Bacons at Midnight ... 
Every time someone says \leave one\ " I am tempted to just type the number 1 and click \ " post \"" 
One of us will tell you true , \ 
One will always lie . \ 
Just one question is your due , \ 
And only one reply . \ 
One right answer gets you through , \ 
Which door will you try ? 
Hmm , what would my spirit pokemon be ? 
The word of the day is \Anyprostitute \"" 
Hoping for some rain to break the heat . 
Editing the forge map to support CTF , KOTH and Infection 
Still blazing hot out .... whoever was praying for beach weather please stop ... 
\I have walked this earth many times and do you know what I have found ? Ignorance and fear with only the tiniest jewels of hope strewn among the mud . \ " ~ Scar Hieros " 
should probably use his facebook for thing besides reposting images of lolcats ... what do you think ? 
Just made Captain in Halo : Reach . Is it terrible I measure my worth as a human being by my rank in video games ? 
Up at the crack of noon once again ... * yawn * 
Defiant map pack is half off today , must get ! 
ReForging a slayer map , Bridge over Trouble . You can guess what it centers around . 
The essence of fear is something which we know is real but we do not know what it is ... 
Weird firefight glitch on Unearthed in the underpass . In a vehicle there , enemies will ignore you if you don't move .... 
I suppose working on the suspense in 13 Ravencrown Avenue is a little bit of a pain .... 
My hand is a dolphin , your argument is invalid . 
Wait ... I'm moving back to school soon . MUST CRAM IN AS MUCH FUN AS POSSIBLE !!! 1 
Is it weird I think there should be some sort of exam before you're allowed to be a parent ? 
\Why is it that all the women who are against abortion are people you wouldn't want to fuck in the first place ? \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Carlin " 
Anyone know of any websites that have comics/graphic novels on them that aren't laden with viruses ... 
Is totally not dead , his phone just ran out of money ... 
* looks at watch * looks like its half-past asparagus .... time to check the Jell-O tree for flombers . 
OK , now I KNOW I never want to play Amnesia 
Nice lil ' t-storm to make everything better 
Re-Installing Minecraft .... I just hope my world transfers OK ..... 
Finally I got Minecraft back .... just need to wait to put the texture packs in because they need the HD graphics fix 
Is it just me , or is < PROPFEMALE > Bachmann insane ? Look at her eyes , they are completely soulless . 
\Too much madness & evil & stupidity out there tonight . Too many people without hope . Too many copycat idiots & thugs . May tomorrow be better\ " recent tweet from @neilhimself " 
Still feeling bad , going to doctor . Hope i feel better soon . 
maybe Minecraft today because i'm feeling sick 
Yes , I did just notice the \Maledictine Globe\ " is basically the Marauder's Map in globe form . * goes off to edit * " 
Minecrafting .... need to liberate my glass area of sand .... seal off the roof and get to placing the grass 
Uhm . Is facebook spazzing for anyone ? My news feed & chat are hiding from me ... 
Every time you want to destroy the world : remember .... you live here too . 
Minecraft players : how do I get a map that isn't hyper zoomed in ? 
wtf is that in the corner of my facebook ? 
Probably going to re-tool The Wormwood Tomb so it makes more logical sense .... DREAM SEQUENCES ! 
A good weekend ... and tomorrow I will get down to writing and minecrafting . Those 600 blocks of sand aren't going to dig themselves out ! 
Building suspense is hard work .... 
Ow . Burn'd my finger on a hot piece of toast . -.- 
Apparently minecraft decided that sound is for noobs 
i kind of wish the sounds of my portal didnt < PROPFEMALE > through the dirt on top of it ... 
Buying books today .... 
620$ for books because the Uni is a bastard and only carries books Amazon doesn't have ... 
Whats the best color carpeting for a library ? 
Is currently totally hooked on the game show channel . >.< 
I have an idea ; watch people play Amnesia the Dark Descent for < PROPFEMALE > . The more money we donate , the longer they play ..... livestreaming their gaming so everyone can see . Can we get them all the way to the end of the game for < PROPFEMALE > ( and great justice ? ) 
is working on updating his rail system in Minecraft and needs to know if powered rails can lift a person in a minecart up an incline 
Apparently I'm not allowed to run screaming into combat shouting \FOR NARNIA ! \"" 
#1 anti-griefer defense for minecraft . For stone houses , make your walls hollow and fill them with lava .... someone break your wall ? they get burned to death . If its wood you've got , ask an admin or moderator for a monster spawner block and tell them its to protect against griefers . put it inside a hollow wall . That griefer wont like the army of zombies chasing him when he tries to steal your hard-earned wood . 
So apparently , my friends pop-up in the lower right is stuck open ....... great 
The problem with suspense is that if you screw up , you loose it and you can't get it back .... 
Tip #1 for Living in Ichor Falls : If Someone Knocks On Your Door At Night , Make Double Sure There's Something Visible Outside Before You Open Up ... 
Tip #2 : Anything Which Claims To \Devour Souls\ " Should Not Be Perturbed . Even If It Is Sleeping In Your Bed And You'Re Tired . " 
Tip #3 : Monsters With Unpronounceable Names Are Worse Than Ones With Pronounceable Names . 
Long day was loooooooong 
Shaved off the Moustache . RIP , Moustache ... 
On reflection , using fire to clear a < PROPMALE > was a bad idea ... 
Finally , I reached Lt . Colonel in Halo : Reach .... 
... now that all that is sorted out .... now to actually write all the stories mentioned .... 
My dormitory dosen't have internet until thursday . Mustn't . Go . Insane . 
Need to get books today , riverwalk , and printing my schedule ... 
Thinking of witty/silly thing to put on my whiteboard ... 
I like how didn't have a classroom for my spanish class posted until just this morning 
is going to try to DM a game here on campus on Saturdays , hopefully ... 
I love how the book pick-up people at South lie and tell me my Life Science books aren't ready to be picked up when CLEARLY my e-mails from the university bookstore's website are telling me they are ready ... 
Looks like my Life Science course will be a good class ... the Lab , however , is still unknown . 
Having to plan out my meals so can take my prescriptions is annoying ... 
One day , I'll get some use out of my board game .... eventually ..... 
Classes start for reals now :( 
is finally going to try League of Legends ... just * try * it , there's no guarantee I'll like it 100% 
So don't mind me later if I start whistling the Song of Storms ... it has nothing to do with the fact that its been raining for a few days off and on ... 
* yawn * I R Awake Nao ! 
Not an entirely clean < PROPMALE > of health but getting there ... slowly ... 
Playing a game of League , saving up for Nasus or Sion ... 
I don't know how to describe how I feel right now but something in between swamped and sick ... 
I voted for Marck Clerveau , because honestly , only d-bags vote for < PROPFIRST > Tarr . 
I woke up this morning feeling like P . Diddy .... it was really not as great as it sounds . 
Goodness , i didn't think a con for weed was even legal . guess i know where everyone is going ... 
Changed my profile pic to my spirit fictional character , Abaddon from Guild Wars ... 
Bloody university and its departments being total pandemonium with grading and assignments ... 
\She Speaks Germany\ " ~ Spanish Professor ..... Pretty sure thats not the translation ... " 
W00t free skin in LoL ! 
#3 reason College stinks ; everything you touch has someone's cold/flu germs on it ... 
happy hump day ! 
I don't know for sure , but topitttcs is not a word . 
Facebook , I am disappoint . Stop trying to be like Tumblr . 
hose may have seemed like chocolate muffins , but they were actually concentrated sawdust and chocolate flavored laxatives . Gotta love Aramark food . 
My spanish teacher just used the sentence \today is friday . tomorrow is saturday and sunday comes afterwards\ " . trying to teach us the days of the week . she has no idea why we are rofling . " 
\Virgins have the best sex stories ..... \ " ~ gaming club " 
Working on a new story for Halloween ..... hopefully it will be done by then . 
Rammus has a TMNT Skin ..... I think I know who I want to play as forever ... 
Good night , facebook ... 
annoying college thing #4 : when it gets so humid inside the dorms that the dorms swell and you have to kick them to open them . 
How many fucks would a < PROPFEMALE > badger give if a < PROPFEMALE > badger could give a fuck ? 
The phrase \the sky is the limit\ " bothers me . it inherently contains a limiting word . The real way to phrase that would be \ " theres no limit to what you can do\ " . it just bothers me is all . " 
Evil is relative to the eye that perceives it 
The day i observe a zygote under a microscope with the ability to read , write and do arithmatic ( sp ? ) is the day i consider it as \a living person \"" 
If only I could win that \design your own champion\ " thing ... LoL would be wicked fun with Thanatos creepin ' around . " 
In Minecraft-Related News : I finished my mountain and my secret entrance . Now all I have to do is build the house inside it and connect it to the rail line .... then connect the flying castle to a rail line ... then update to 1.8 and say \goodbye first world \"" 
\Lemme show you the house i'm building\ " is now a euphamism for sex . " 
\Spider 
Tomorrow is Friday ? Gosh this was a long week ... 
\How do you sweep ? \ " ~ Kelly < PROPFIRST > Hassett " 
I wonder why there isn't some sort of Con for LoL . Theres BlizzCon & MineCon .... why not LeagueCon ? 
Be not afraid of the man , be afraid of the idea ... it is the idea that creates ... or destroys . The man is simply the instrument . 
Nyan 
Finally , the RP is rolling ... slowly but still rolling . 
\I AM evil ! Stop laughing ! \ " ~ Veigar " 
When God gives you lemons you FIND A NEW GOD ! 
Yes or no , should I go back and try writing some stories in the Guardians of Light universe ? 
Want to create a flame war over 9000 posts ? Mention Veganism ... \ 
* Full Power to Flame Shields ! * 
Heading back to < PROPMALE > after a nice 2 day break . crunch tiem ! 
You probably thought this was a status update . Nope ! It's just < PROPMALE > Testa . 
Alright ; not 100% sure but I might be sick again . Thats the last time I touch a doorknob on south campus , I swear . 
Feeling better 
I am suddenly very hungry and thirsty ... 
I love you ~ Kelly < PROPFIRST > Hassett 
is actually getting some appetite back 
The sick has migrated to my upper respiratory tract ..... worst week ever . 
Alright time to lay down and rest my eyes for a minute before shower & bed . 
The phrase \cat scratch fever\ " is now a euphamism for being into < PROPFEMALE > furries . " 
\We are the ones who will still remain when all is laid to waste\ " ~ Demon < PROPMALE > ( Undying ) " 
< Insert status here > 
It isn't a Metroid Prime game if the thing you need is 400 rooms away . * sigh * Samus Aran : Bounty < PROPMALE > , Marathon < PROPMALE > . 
Someday ; I hope to have my Champion idea made real .... * dreams * 
buttheadbuttheadbutthead < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Hassett was here ! 
Revision #232 : Whatever design was originally intended is lost , what were we making again ? 
The more I revise , the less Thanatos is like my original vision . I feel like I'm trying to serve everyone else's ideas over my own . 
While I argue the merits of a Champion that doesn't exist except in my wild dreams , I am also going to work on something more productive . Since , apparently , arguing on the internet is actually entertaining to some people . 
A game where 2,830,000 people can claim to know EXACTLY how to play and that the 2,830,999 people are wrong is looking at a community problem larger than anything a video game has ever seen . If 2,830,000 disagree on the exact specifics of playing Video Game X , then the community by default cannot be trusted to provide good coaching . I have no idea why no one else agrees with me . 
Like my status if you like liking statuses . * Yo Dawg * 
Okay , so ... two thumbs up for the giant plant monster boss . Really , Nintendo ? A boss I defeat by running around shining mirrors in its eyes ? That's kind of lame ... 
I'm awake before 10 on a weekend . Scumbag brain woke me up ... 
I * really * want to go to VidCon but I can't because I'm broke . #WhitePeopleProblems 
You know what grinds my gears ? When someone makes something amazing then just abruptly stops continuing making amazing things for no adequate reason other than \I don't wanna . It's popular now . \ " WTF ? Fucking hipsters ... " 
For you seniors thinking of applying to Umass < PROPMALE > , take this advice .... don't . 
???? ???? ????? ??? ??? ??? ??? ?? ???? ??? 
These aren't your dad's puns . These are energy puns . TURBOPUNS ! 
Things are beginning to a lot more pressed for work so less fun time . Hooray ! Work ! 
A paper for Abnormal Psych , writing for Personality Psych , and writing lab reports up after Wednesday labs means the foreseeable future is going to be very full of writing things . 
Anyone else want tagging in my note regarding my first collection of stories ? 
Everyone missed a Geomagnetic storm last night . We had auroras as far south as Alabama . 
I can feel it . Brace yourselves , finals are coming ! 
I just realized friday is really close . 
Derpy Hooves is 1 Year Old ! Hooray ! 
What terrible weather we had today ... 
Cake or death ? \\ 
Idea : Give Phreak his own Champion ... make it a brain in a giant robot suit .... 
ALL < PROPFEMALE > TO THE HYPNOTOAD ... 
Tomorrow is The Day of Eternal Night ... 
I'm glad my costume worked out . 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN ! 
You know , I just had a thought . In a way , holidays like Halloween and Christmas are more fun as adults ... 
Today's xkcd didn't make sense ... 
The Occupy movement is nice and all , but you aren't exactly doing anything . You're going to have to actually do something besides get beaten up by police ... 
\Just move to the internet . It's great here . We get to live inside where the weather is always awesome . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > Green " 
My iPod knows me too well ... shuffled me a medly of Disney tunes . 
Fiddlesticks 15/6/16 
I'd watch V for Vendetta today in celebration the 5th but netflix dosen't < PROPFEMALE > that movie on instant queue . 
HOORAY ! ALL COPIES OF TFIOS ARE SIGNED ! And now , < PROPFIRST > may rest .... 
\And perhaps while I'm fantasizing a badger will leap out of my colon and do a little dance\ " ~ Bhalspawn " 
Hooray ! I am now a mebmer of Escapecraft ! 
Hmm .... this facebook needs more kittens in it ... 
Remember to wear a poppy tomorrow for Remembrance Day .... 
Today is a day to look back and thank all those who have sacrificed for their countries and remember those who we've lost along the way so we can sleep safe at night . To all Veterans , thank you ... 
\Even the hardiest stone fades away in time\ " ~ Scar Hieros " 
I'm in harvard square where the Occupy people are protesting . Is it wrong that I want to shout at all of them to grow up and stop bitching ? 
