wow i actualy have a face book ? 

omg i love my life the beach the people 
just woke up ready to go back to sleeep 
omg i want to spin fire 
i want drank 
im going to get hitched to < PROPFEMALE > :] true thing 
nom nom shower felt so amazing 
god damnit my dad took the ps3 
going to chill with devvo 
listing to shpongle 
smokin bowls with devvo 
listing to epic dub step 
whoomp whoomp whoomp boom boom dub step missing the friends 
time to take a shower leave me loves to come back to xD 
such a bombie shower 
live life with no regrets 
can wait for tommrow get to go spin fire with mr. fun :] 
just got up this weekend was amazing :] 
ahhh it just doesnt stop raining 
one love tonight get to see the fam 
wow karmapalozia was a damn good party 
omg so < PROPFIRST > has finally discovered toad and toad is married to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > is cheating on toad with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > :] 
i kinda want dome lol 
im thinking about a career in the porn industry . Approve 
But lets get to the point , lets roll another joint . Lets head on down the road . Theres somewhere i gotta go . And you dont know how it feels , you dont know how it feels to be me 
dome and hotpockets 
grrr i want a bowl xD 
< PROPMALE > and statuis end credits 
i so called the super bowl from the first game of the season 
When the blood dries in my vains and my Heart feels no more pain I know , I'll be on my way , To heavens door , I know when I'm not , i'll be hoping i don't drop , To a place where I will rise , like before , I can feel , something happening that I've never felt before Hopeless dreaming will start , Dragging me away from heavens door 
dude so much dubstep and dnb ready to show the world what i have :] 
hhehehehe < PROPFEMALE > is my top follower :] love that girl 
listing to drum and bass getting ready for this weekend love groove here i come :] 
im going in for the kill im doing it for the thrill 
street light manifesto and reel big fish saved my life 
pew pew pew i haz a lazer beam 
sonic adventures march 6th 
dude all that can be said is what the fuck : 0 
off to wonderland where cattipelliars sit on mushrooms and smoke pot out of hookahs 
i want a bowl 
ahhhh fuck the hudson and fuck the rain 
ahhh saying stuff !!!!!!!!!!! 
ahh i fucking hate painting 
i wonder what would happen if i like ate a pizza 
mmmmmmmmmhmmm i want to be legal 
happiness is a stone throw away but love is hard to find which is why love is an very interesting emotion 
i hate when people talk shit on you cause you dont have money 
what the fuck is going on anymore 0_o 
ahh moving day 
sore packing uhauls suck 
i was so tired that i was relaxing on a mattress packed in a uhaul i got locked in by my sister ohh yeah < PROPFIRST > was there to we both have been moving alot of shit for the last 2 days ahhhhh im so sore 
incubus wish you where here and rhcp jammin the fuck out while painting my room with permi :] 
im gonna kick < PROPFIRST > in the face on my way to san berdo * judo chop * 
so like pie man i am having a blast in s.b 
im done 
im sure youve heard it all before but youve never had a doubt and im sure that nobody has felt the way i felt 
so ive decided that 3/4 of the female race is evil and bloodsucking bitches btw im almost 18 whoooo strip clubs here i come 
if it means anythin i give my all and it seems that i still always fail 
sell out with ohh yeah sell out with me alright the record companys gonna give me lots of money and everythings gonna be alright 
listing to hardcore screamo trying to wake the fuck up 
3 more days 
30 mins fuck yeah !!! 
18 finaly omg !!!!!!!!!! 
just bought my first legal pack andmy first legal scratcher 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
hmmm its friday what to do lets go to l.a and have some fun 
get krunk 
happy mothers day 
fuckeed my thumb up good 
they told me when i was a kid to stay away from sharp objects but did i listen no 
ahhhhh got a long car ride tomorrow so excited 
dude wtf 
ill show you mine if you mine if you show me yours first \ 
Lets compare scars ill tell you whose worst 
ill be here awhile 
one two three four boom 
bacholers of science dnb mix 
moving to s.b on sat 
ahhh < PROPFEMALE > nazis 
FUCK LITTLE GIRLS 
i miss < PROPFEMALE > grrr 
moving moving moving 
TAILZ WAS HERE MUWHAHAHAHAHAHAH I HACKED LOL 
drunkness 
living in san bern come seeee me 
devil wears prada -this song is called + cartoons on mute = epic fucking win 
so im spinning this sat at rancho 
all of my life i wanted to be a gangsta 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh fuck people they always piss me off to the point where im not happy for the whole day 
texting < PROPFEMALE > 
random monkeys attacking christain people 
putting my new dnb set togther 
i look like a bro lol 
I love eggwolls . 
drunk and annoyed 
drunk once again got court today but i cant make it i haz no moneies 
jamming the new pendulum albulm 
getting pumped warped tour on friday 
all in the world of a little cat dog 
warped tour !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i love big balls in my mouth 
i admit ............ im gay 
i just had to come out . i couldnt stand it anymore . it was killing me inside . IM GAY I ACCEPT IT . IM BEAUTIFUL ! 
im going to kill < PROPFIRST > fucking with my face book :] 
warped tour was fucking amazing saw fear sum 41 white chapel and alot of amazing ska bands including big d and the kids table 
If you are supposed to live life the way you want to why are there always people telling you how to live and how to act . Whats the reason for love ? Whats the reason for lust ? Whats the reason for anything ? 
2 days alot of work and still very little progress \ 
fuck chevy blazers lol 
im gonna put up new pics soon 
< PROPFIRST > is really black 
I just sucked < PROPMALE>'s < PROPMALE > its amazinga !!!! 
i love d in the b 
my < PROPMALE > is bigger than yours my < PROPMALE > can walk strait through the door with the feeling so pure 
ahh fuck in a fucked up situation again 
only thing keeping me happy is my drum and bass 
time to finish making my shorts for street light 
me and < PROPFIRST > are painting a memorial picture for < PROPFEMALE > DelVillar 
the table is done pics will be up soon 
FUCK FUCK FUCK A DUCK SCREW A KANGAROO \ 
\ 
that is all goodbye 
camping was fun < PROPFEMALE > cut my hair xD\ 
p . s < PROPFIRST > said i should be < PROPFIRST > hasselhof \ 
p . s . s if < PROPFIRST > was to date a 6.5 foot tall girl he would get slaped for telling her her hair smells nice 
what would you do if i sang out of que would you stand up and walk out on me 
looking through music spinning a house party tommrow 
new dnb tunes 
mini mixxx sesh \ 
!!!!! 
tonight is gonna be crazy 
its so hot im sweating like a gallon a minute 
dude audio is 18 + fuck yeah finaly raves are starting to be 18 + 
dude i want to go swimming 
first my power goes out then its starts raining 
dude it was a war zone outside there are tree branches every where rthrough a car window 
T . C man amzaing drum and bass 
almost killed someone last night 
so whats going on tonight ??????? 
Tonight was made of effing fail . 
ahhh im gonna fucking kill someone when i find out who stole from me there fucking done 
going to fucking kill someone \ 
who wants to help 
there is no way to move into the future without reflecting on the fucking past 
night people of the internet 
ask me stuff in my inbox ill tell you maybe lol 
so who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out today ???? 
sleep time 
its so fucking hot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
why doesn't the sun die i couldn't get to sleep till 8:30 am woke up at noon grrrrr \ 
at least i had a adorable person to kick it with 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH \ 
I FUCKING HATE PEOPLE SOMETIMES !! 
new track and a new set on the way maybe getting pissed was a good thing probally not but what the fuck ever 
woke up in a bad mood still 
can this year be done already \ 
??? 
woke up and blazed :] 
gonna put holes in my face lol 
ahh i fucking hate people damn i think i might of broke my knuckles 
i miss all of my friends \ 
ohhh so much 
is it wrong that i can feel the bone chips in my knuckle moving 
wish things would go back to the good old days when i still had fun 
jammin out getting ready for my day big d and the kids table for the fucking win 
trying to learn < PROPFEMALE > on the guitar 
ozz fest here i come 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH OZZY WAS AWSOME 
i have a beautiful baby boy now :] 
time to go to O-SIDE nugga 
wtf mate 
Listening to Killswitch Engage -Alive or just breathing playing battlefield bad company 2 
rocking out to some nero playing video games 
i got my permit fuck yah !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
rawr face 
a perfect circle -passive \ 
good way to wake up 
back from hunting only 11 days till elk camp 
medal of honor is soooooo bad assss 
at the tacoma gun range gonna shoot with dad and grandpa 
new phone hit me up for new number 
Your mom went to collge 
OFF TO ELK CAMP PEACE OUT FOR A WEEK 
im back from elk camp 
Watching a movie with the sisters 
hmm ask me anything just send me a message ill tell you your answer 
\When they come for me ill be sitting at my desk with a gun in my and in a bulletproof vest thinking my my my how the time does fly when you know your gonna die by the end of the night \"- Streetlight manifesto great band " 
Rest In Peace pepa ill miss you January 30 , 1964 through November 19 , 2010 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Hacked By The Babii Giirl !! <3 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HACKED BY GPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas to all with my babii and connor kinda buzzed hell yeahs 
new due complaments of aunt < PROPFEMALE > 
New Pics Up Of My New Due !! Thanks To My Babii <3 
doing school work 
as i sit here and listen to dnb i think about all of the good times i had with my friends :] 
I love my wifey shes the best <3 
ahhh seattle and new england lost ahhhhhhhhh 
got my liscence hell yeah 
time to put on my shoes and go driving :] 
green hornet imax 3d was awsome !!!!! 
lost my phone at the mall then found it then some mexican smashed it 
ahhhhh got a dentist visit at 12 
wooooooo hoooo i might have a job 
this is what happens when u pirate ur dads pc 
yep ur my beotch lmmfao 
ahhhhhhh 
hell yeah got the job 
wooo hoooo first day off what to do 
off to work soon 
ahhhhh just ahhh 
time to focus my energy and finish school . so i can start collge to become an emt 
well that just went out the fucking window 
