Bitterness is like swallowing poison , and hoping the other person will die . 

trusts God with her life , no matter what . 
I've been waiting for you , or somebody like you , or somebody other than you . 
while we are on the subject , could we change the subject now ? 
the piano knows something I don't know 
Finally got her letter , she isn't coming back to < PROPMALE > in the fall . She hopes that everybody will stay friends with her though , because she loves everybody . 
hates Mars 
We would just take a sandwich , and put it in our mouths , that's the only way to do sandwiches . 
is applying to go to CULINARY SCHOOL , < PROPFEMALE > , in < PROPMALE > Colorado !! Yay me . ^_^ 
The world is a playground . We knew that as a kid . But somewhere along the line we forgot that . 
The poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese . 
I was hiding under your porch because I love you . 
Is officially a subway employee . Took me long enough . . . but I made it . 
' s toaster oven keeps trying to burn down her house . 
is gone visiting a college . . . back in 4 days . 
misses her < PROPMALE > family . . . 
After all the trouble you go to , you get about as much actual \food\ " out of eating an artichoke as you would from licking 30 or 40 postage stamps . " 
She doesn't care for people who stand on her tail 
had a dream where she was not being given a fair trial , justice was not being served , and she was going to jail with very bad men . 
figured out how she wants to live , but her career plans never quite seem to fit with that . 
Made a shirt from scratch . . . and is very happy with it . 
starts Subway on Monday 
all the spam notifications has killed the joy in having a notification . 
Apparently , we are all going to die !!! 
you have . . . alll of these knives at your disposal to use in situations like that ! ( a line that stuck out to me as being funny out of context at subway ) 
Statuses are the most dishonest inaccurate thing ever . . . pretty much 
battled and conquered her fear of the giant golf course sprinkler . . . by running through it . :) 
saw her first 3D movie . . . it was disappointing , but wearing the glasses was fun . 8 ) 
I have a disarming smile . . . . whats your superpower ?? 
almost fell off of a waterfall today . . . good thing reflexes kicked in . 
doesn't understand when people don't want any sauce on their sandwich !! 0_o 
When a girl runs from a guy , it's either because a . She hates his guts , or B . She is testing the depth of his need for her to see just how long he is willing to < PROPMALE > . 
College is fun and all , but I'm in the real world now 
is thinking about being an aquarist 
is looking at Oregon Coast Community College to get a degree in Aquarium Science . ^_^ 
took a walk down memory < PROPFIRST > , and it was worth it . 
is glad subway is teaching her to react with immediacy and precision whenever beeping is heard . 
You know you guys , instead of always tagging me twice in things , and sending me two notes , you could always block my other profile , and un-friend it . I won't be hurt , I promise . 
Is oh so alone , by herself , and , erm , eating cereal . Anyways , feel sorry for her and send her cookies please . 
Good luck with School !! I love you guys so much , and will be praying for you in your new semester . Keep in touch k ? 
boys confuse me 
It’s probably bad for a girl with abandonment issues to get interested in a guy with commitment issues 
Is totally on ADD meds for the first time today . It's honestly a pretty cool feeling . I feel . . . smart . ^_^ 
Just got pulled over for the first time ever , why you ask ? Speeding ? Running a red light ? No of course not . I totally got pulled over because my car had spaceship wings , ( A joke from work ) . . . they weren't hurting anybody . . . . O_0 
district 9 is so intense !! 
is picking out a crazy color to put in her hair . Purple or blue . . . or green . . . I can't decide . 
to be perfectly and painfully honest with you , I'm never going to be honest with you . 
The weirder things get , the better they get . The more I'm out there , the more I feel like somebody else , the more I fool myself , the better I fool myself . 
What , we are frenemies after all !! 
Broke up with creazil , because she got a new I-pod . Her parents adopted Creazil though . 
Feels a change in the air 
If everybody agrees with me , I must be wrong . 
I like to think outside the quadrilateral parallelogram 
is listening to the most epic catfight ever !!!! 
This is how it works . You're young unil you're not . You love until you don't , you try until you can't . You laugh until you cry , you cry until you laugh , and everyone must breathe until their dying breath . 
are you protecting your child fromt the dangers of fat starvation ? 
I had a dream that < PROPMALE > wanted me back . Why does my brain insist on making me remenis like this ? 
I miss everybody ! :( 
Snow is everywhere !!!! 
Lions make you brave , giants give you faith , death is a charade , you don't have to feel safe to feel unafraid . 
do you realize that the sun going down is just an illusion caused by the world spinning round . 
laugh now alligator 
this fake woven tapestry of immitation love never pretends hard enough for me . 
Subway Eat Fresh . . . . Zombie Eat Flesh . . . . :D 
why would you do meth ? I mean , if you want to intentionally loose your mind , don't you want it back someday ?? Ok , maybe not . . . 
Cashews !!! 
Maybe some things are as good as they seem . 
< PROPFEMALE > Haloween !! 
You know , facebook does seem pretty . . . you know . . . self centered at times . . . 
oh the stories I could tell , but I can't tell them . . . 
I guess I will have to hold you in suspense . . . . . . . . . . . . . you can go now 
Now a days , I'm most in character when I'm out of character . 
prayers for < PROPFIRST > 
Some of my generation is still fairly , well . . . obsessed with Pokemon . . . I of course am not one of these people at all . . . . 
There is nothing so simple that science can't complicate it . 
Misses her < PROPMALE > family . 
I <3 my big sis ! :) And My big Brother ! And my amazing Mom . And my Dad . :) And my best friend and bf . . . and I <3 you too , whoever you may be . 
Pride may come before the fall , but nervousness sure doesn't help either . 
Maybe were too young or maybe your too old to remember . 
Don't be shocked that people die . Be shocked that you're alive . 
All these fish games are getting really confusing . 
How long can a person spend on facebook exactly ?? A really really long time . . . 
Nobody expects the Spanish inquisition !! 
Has a pink turtle . . . and now she really needs a green turtle . True story . :P 
The FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic crcles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . after you follow all the steps scroll up or down pretty fantastic . 
He is one of the good ones , despite what everybody else says . 
no no no . . . surprise parties are dark , they are hostile . People jump out and scream at you . They just never come to any good . 
Turtles !!!! 
Thats in South < PROPFEMALE > ! It's like < PROPFEMALE > only south ! ~ 
Where the sidewalk ends . <3 
You never know just how you'll look through other peoples eyes . 
oh dunderbeck oh dundereck how could you be so mean , to ever have invented such a terrible machine . Now allycats and long tailed rats shall never more be seen , they'll all be ground to sausage meat in dunderbeck's machine . 
I'm regressing back into my childhood I swear !! OH LOOK . . . it's some < PROPFEMALE > pockets !! 
Be kind to me , or treat me mean . I'll make the most of it , I'm an extraordinary machine . 
Wants to visit < PROPMALE > to say hi this spring . :/ 
Sometimes I think I'm an idiot , but then I remember that everybody is , so it's all good . 
Happy New Year ! < PROPFEMALE > Xmas ! Happy Hanukkah ! Joyous Atheism ! Enraptured Humanism ! Do as thou will 
Yay , tis my birthday ya know . :) 
love is two people with complete power over the other and no power to use it . 
Seriously thought her roof was going to cave in today , it was rather frightening . 
People rebel because they feel the need to test the limits of love 
their lies will always be easier to believe than His truth . 
Is sick 
is still sick , it sucks . 
apparently has strep throat ? How about we just take the tonsils out and skip the medicating process . 
Thinks it's about time she wasn't sick anymore . no such luck 
1st off I feel better . 2nd , I played pokemon for probably 6 strait hours yesterday after my computer battery died , and I was still quarantined in my room with nothing else to do . 3rd , my computer charger broke again , so my computer is dead again , luckily my amazing parents are letting me use theirs quickly . lol ( Longest status ever ?? ) . . . almost . 
Actually really likes that whole Job chapter of the bible . It's pretty cool . Helps with my God anger issues . lol . 
my boss just asked me to please burn our store to the ground ?? What ???? 
Sometimes all these apps just feel like chores . Anybody with me ? 
When I become an old lady , I'm going to always die my hair random colors . It's decided . 
You are made of sugar , milk and molasses So , little darlin ' , you attract all the bees You are the gazer , you are the attraction It takes a little vanity to know what it means 
How can I respect your opinion when it's not your own ? 
My boyfriend is moving to Hawaii . Well I guess that is just my luck . 
Is really really excited to move to Minneapolis . 
Now a days kids pay good money to look poor . 
Sometimes I stalk myself on facebook . . . 
Hooray for lent ! 
Can't wait for April 3rd . 
Well , she thought there would be two effects . The direct and the indirect . Naturally she thought the indirect would not be as direct as the direct , that is not right away , later on of course well nobody knows . 
It is not that which enters the body that corrupts it , it is that which comes from the heart . 
What if we fell asleep and dreamed forever , would we ever realize the dream wasn't real ? Would we ever remember what we had to wake up to ? 
Just remember , if you believe me , then it is TRUE ! 
Blue 
You can choose to take the millions of dollars you have stored away for your next round of ads to kill meaningful reform , and use them to start giving Americans some relief from their skyrocketing premiums , 
. . . pickles 
You thought that was a funny prank huh ? Well think again !!! We will see if you will be thinking this is so funny after I expose you guys for the little immature kids that you are . You are all Sheep , and you shouldn't be proud of that . 
This eye for an eye attitude just really isn't going to get us very far now is it ? You hurled the baseball at me , there are a lot of things I could choose to do with it . My choice is to merely catch it , and set it down . 
2 weeks , 6 days , 8 hours , 50 < PROPFEMALE > , 25 seconds 
I want to go on a walk , but apparently there was a mountain lion in my back yard this morning . . . so thats not going to happen . 
Something doesn't have to be true to be devastating , in merely needs to be believed . 
But , I don't really mind that it's starting to get to me . 
Loans suck 
I'm only half way through the blind side , and I already know it's one of my favorite movies . 
is awake by choice at 9 in the morning ? What is going on ?? lol 
219 Griggs St. < PROPFIRST > . . . my favorite house so far . :) 
is looking for jobs with Americorps . 
One more day in Lander . . . 
I <3 Yaan Tiersen . . . oh so much . 
There are skyscrapers here !! <3 lol 
just submitted her application to target , and hopes to hear back soon . 
Praise God , I'm about to sign a lease . :) Apparently I won't be living in a tent . 
Just picked up like 50 applications to fill out . Well , time to get to writing I guess . 
Has given up on most of her pointless facebook apps for a while . Because what is the point ? Can anybody answer me that ? :) 
Decided she has enough news for a different status . . . so here goes . I suck at taking the bus , I love my new Church , I have a house , and I am working on the job thing , and getting closer every day . I love my Sister's new boyfriend , I love all of my roommates that I'm going to be living with , and I am pretty much just loving life , and the cities , despite 6 hour bus treks . 
Needs a job . Nuff said . 
Here jobby jobby jobby job ! 
has an interveiw with target on Monday at 11 am . Yay for meee ! 
got the job . I will be working phones and dressing room . 
I don't have internet for a while . I'm all moved in , haven't started the job yet based on details . I turned our closet into a fort that is also my room and it is really pretty and cozy . I can't wait to see college people again so when any of you are in the cities , please call and we can < PROPFEMALE > out ! :) 
Lost her passport . . . prayers for that please . :( 
Crisis Averted 
He was not a philosopher , but surely he was the cause of philosophy in others 
Jealousy is an issue that creeps up inside many solid relationships and\ 
renders them useless , much like a discarded cow carcass . Probably the\ 
best way to combat jealousy is with macaroni < PROPMALE > . 
There is freedom waiting in the sound , when you let your walls fall to the ground , we are here now . This is where the healing begins , this is where the healing starts , when you come to where your broken with Him , the light meets the dark . 
Most of us don't really know who we are , but at least some of us know who and what we are pretending to be . 
Is now officially a Target employee ! I start next Tuesday . :) Muahahaha 
I'm lost . I have gone out to find myself . Should I return before I get back , please tell me to wait ! Thanks 
My wife and I weren't able to have children , that's why we chose to imagine them . The doctor suggested that and it's actually been incredibly rewarding . (<PROPFIRST>'s wife is unable to have children because she isn't a real woman ) yes , she is imaginary , yeah . . . the kids take after her in that sense but she is very beautiful . She is a much better kind of woman then some of the women that I have imagined . 
I wan't to recognize your beauty isn't just a mask 
TARGET . We are like the borg , only more smiley , and wearing red . You will be assimilated . 
learned how to say MUAHAHA in < PROPMALE > code 
-- .. - . - .... . - .... . - MUAHAHA 
Pyrophoricity ( My word of the night ) 
is an ENFP , and that is my final answer 
Has a new bike ! It's name is < PROPFEMALE > , and it is the new love of her life because it is blue , has a really cute little bike < PROPFEMALE > , is completely smooth , and makes her feel like a kid again when she is cruising the streets . Very awesome !!! 
Thinks that the word brandishing is a way better word then holding . 
is in love with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
yeah . . . I can never decide on a profile pic . 
If is grace is an Ocean , we are all sinking 
I am very dominant when it comes to not being dominant . 
Doubt now the stars are fire , doubt now the sun doth move , doubt truth to be a lie , but never doubt I love . 
When was the last time you heard a song with ankles in it ?? 
You can't trust in God to teach you trust . It is impossible . Luckily , this won't stop him , offend him , or hurt him in any way . Why would God ask the impossible of you you numbskull ? 
I am therefor I think . 
Some new awesome songs ( new to me at least ) are . . . Glorious by Muse , Slow Show , by the national , Signs by Block Party , and Bishop's robes , by radiohead . That is all . :) 
Some days at target are just too depressing to even mention . 
There is nothing that is really truly pointless . Even pointless things have a point , even if that point is only to be pointless . 
You know what HECK is right ?? Heck is the place where people go when they don't believe in gosh !! 
My poor beta just had a very traumatizing experience involving a bathroom sink . I'M SO SORRRYYYYYY !!! >_< I think he is in shock . 
wishes her hair would grow faster 
Is writing a booook !!! Don't question it ! It's happening . 
MY SIS IS ENGAGED !!! I have been waiting to post this for like . . . a freaking month . 
Started out her day with \Don't cry over spilled fish + broken alarm clock + soaked becca \"" 
Horoscopes are dumb 
I love < PROPFEMALE > 
Entropy 
>_< . . . . . X_X . . . . 0_O . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . x_x . . O.O . . . . \ 
\ 
Because sometimes emoticons are better then words 
And . . . he is with God now 
Remember , it's not to keep me in , but to keep all the sickies out . Quarantine ! 
and the coffee addiction continues . I'm so far gone that I now feel it is a good idea to pour coffee into nearly anything . Ice cream of any flavor , oatmeal , on top of cake , I dip cookies in it , and well . . . the list goes on . 
And that takes care of that ! No more CREEPERSSSS . Stupid sick minded creepers . . . let the quarantine begin . 
went swimming in the river this morning , it was so awesome . . . her < PROPFIRST > shorts are still slightly wet . Also , she preemptively dumped a bad idea , and it felt good . Also she smiled at some strangers , and they lit up , and that was awesome . She woke up at 5 , which was also awesome , but she has to work from 4 pm , until midnight , which is not awesome , and she may still get time to regret her energy burst this morning . 
Well , it's like my Grandma always says . If life doesn't give you lemons , you cannot make lemonade . 
If you had never seen light , if you had no concept of it , you wouldn't have any definition for a shadow , even though the shadow would be everything . 
I absolutely need to see Muse live before I die , at least once , but preferably more than once . 
has agreed to be the \Maid of honor\ " and cannot contain her excitement so she is posting this on facebook . " 
The quieter voice sometimes has the most interesting idea , if we can just get to it . 
It's always nice to have your great friends around to remind you that any boy would be crazy not to have you if you loved him . 
but , I don't WANNA 
Loves the apprehension of a newly synched ipod , watching the little wheel turn , knowing how many old rediscovered songs are going to be coming with me every day , and some newly discovered ones too . It's amazing how much good music I have that I know nothing about . Just pressing shuffle is great , hearing the new perfect mix . . . ^_^ Oh the joys of music . 
YAY ! Direct deposit is finally kicking in ! 
Maybe people should just find one pretty spot , and then stay there . 
GAHHHHH !!!!! WHY WHY WHY ?? 20 < PROPFEMALE > of sleep is simply not enough for an 8 1/2 hour work day . I am not a happy camper . Not a happy camper at all . BLAH . Dang . . . sleep deprivation really brings out my dramatic side . 
Bought 64 crayons for 2.99 $ 
Beautiful bride , body of christ , one flesh abiding strong and unifying . 
Just worked a 15 hour shift 
A zen garden is just a big sand box for adults . I want one . 
Getting lost really isn't possible if you aren't trying to be anywhere . 
Loves Moms who leave notes everywhere about the yummy food she left me in the fridge , and also about the breakfast I have to look forward to in the morning . :) I love love love that . Love you Mom ! 
You need to brush your teeth , because if you don't the scum stays on your teeth , and if the scum stays on your teeth . your teeth fall out , and that is how you become a pirate . 
Would it help to complain publicly that I am sad that I'm not going to college right now ? No , it would not . Am I going to do it anyways ? Why yes I am . Have a good year . . . . . without me . . . . sigh . 
You used to be much more . . . \muchier\ " you have lost your muchness . " 
Dear < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . . . why doesn't my favorite song on your newest album have a name ? Why must it be called , \Album version\ " that just isn't any fun at all . " 
Feels like the world is conspiring to let her know that she is loved . Oh how awesome is that ? 
Just spent over 100$ on < PROPMALE > supplies . And she doesn't regret it one bit . 
THE BKC LIVES ON ! 
DANGER : Rags , steel wool or waste soaked with this product may spontaneously catch fire if improperly discarded . Contains oxidizing oil . PRECAUTIONS : Immediately after use place soiled material in a sealed water filled metal container . 
NOBODY expects the Spanish Inquisition ! Our chief weapon is surprise !... Surprise and fear ... Our two weapons are fear and surprise ... and ruthless efficiency ! Our three weapons are fear , and surprise , and ruthless efficiency ... and an almost fanatical devotion to the Pope ... Our four ... no ... Amongst our weapons ... Hmf ... Amongst our weaponry ... are such elements as fear , surpr ... I'll come in again . 
Ok , so here is the deal . Everybody is to drop what they are doing , immediately , and come and kidnap me , and take me away to < PROPMALE > , ok ? Ok . . please and thank you . BECAUSE I MISS YOU ALL WAY TOO MUCH AND IT ISN'T FAIR >_< The end . . . . . . . 
Do I stress you out , my sweaters on backwards and inside out and you say how appropriate . 
Dear camera hidden in the traffic light . Yes you , the one that watches me J walk every single day !! What do you think of me now huh ? I disagree with your pointless don't walk hand . I will walk if I want to . Now what ? Also . . . dear street-lamps . Why do you all have < PROPFIRST > on you that almost follow a sequence , but in the end , just fail at having a pattern ? Ok . . no further questions . 
is 81% servant 81% Exhorter . . . and 100% Mercy . ^_^ 
I kinda feel like I just had to grow into myself for a while . I used to be way too big for myself . 
this is one of those many moments in which I could have chosen to say something normal for once , but I went with this instead . 
No . . . I wasn't stalking him . I was haunting him . 
Don't trust a man that cannot be at the bottom of a joke . 
I'm smiling so bright because of the contrast , but I don't suppose you would understand . 
Today I met somebody who didn't know what youtube was . . . somebody my age . . . and I was pretty much . . . extremely surprised . 
My name is Marshell and oh noo thats not the first time I have done that . My name is < PROPMALE > and I'm partially a shell as you can see on my body but I also have shoes and a face so I like that about myself and I have a lot of other great qualities as well . 
wants to do some crazy mad libs 
Because the tree is scared of heights 
My life seems to be becoming more and more ironic . 
So this is what morning feels like !! 
God has it all figured out 
aether is such a cool word 
Christianity - Christ = Religion . 
All I see is little pieces of past future feelings personifications , constantly shifting from one moment to the next , and sometimes settling into one massive confused pile . I am vast . There is a city inside of my head , but I am not that city , I am only watching it . I am outside of it , removed from it , I am nowhere to be found . 
I'm beginning to think that we don't fall in love out of nobility . We do it out of pure boredom . 
Today is the one and only day so far that I have been sorely tempted to call in to work unnecessarily , but I guess I'm going . 
for the last 3 hours I have been sitting here thinking . . . \Why am I still awake ? I am waking up at 5:30 in the morning\ " . . . . oh well . " 
just decided that there is nothing that could possibly be more important at the present moment then finishing reading Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy . 
I realized that I am disorganized , but I like order , I just can't seem to keep it . 
#$%^ ! &$ (#* W (& you student loans !!!!!!!!! >_< #$@%^ @hopscotch %$(*& flowers and lullabies $*&^(*$7*(&T (*$&* 9 bunnies . The end . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5T_MMV3bJOI&feature=channel 
PREPARE THE PREPARATIONS !!!!!!! 
what am I but a single girl armed with just five senses in a senseless world ? 
the whole world is moving , and I'm standing still 
' s brain kersploded 
Why does the world act like caring about things is a capitol offense ? Why is it that when you genuinely care for somebody so much that you could cry for them , that it comes across as gushy , unbelievable , and fake ? Why is it people love people who hate them , and hate people who love them ? I for one , am tired of this crap . 
I feel I need to admit to dramatically acting out emo songs in front of the mirror . . . like falling to my knees in mock agony type thing , it's just so much fun , I can go on like that for at least 15 < PROPFEMALE > at a time . So housemates , if you are wondering why I take so long in the bathroom . . . . sorrryyyyy 
I do not wish to be comfortable , I only wish to be safe . Because if we are comfortable , we are surly not safe , and also , we do not think , or wish , or dream for anything but that which we already possess , but if we are safe , and not comfortable , there is no telling what we can accomplish . 
likes this 
whatever you dare to do don't you dare feel alone . There are so many of us out here . Just so many of us have such a small voice , we forgot to be ourselves , we forget to speak up . We let the silence win . The silence is against us , because it knows we can defeat it . So it will always tell you that it is greater than you are , but I'm here to tell you , that you are so much greater then the silence will ever be . 
Best halloween EVER ! 
is feeling true to her middle name 
Lets just close our eyes , and jump into the abyss of the unknown . I have a feeling there are some cookies in there . 
this much I'm sure of . I need to find me some christmas lights for my closet . It's going to be one big glowy blanket fort dream soon . I'm so excited . 
Stupid garlic butter ! 
wishes that every day was 25 hours long . 
Because , why would I memorize the directions to a place that I'm never going to go ? 
wants to write uplifting poems , and tie them to balloons , and let em go ! 
I have one simple request , and that is to have sharks with frickin ' laser beams attached to their heads . 
Oh hello there Metallica . . . we meet agian . 
http://jigsaw2888.blogspot.com/\ 
Because I have shared with enough people now that I might as well just go all the way . It feels good . 
Oh , another tornado dream , wow brain , thats so original . I feel like I'm watching freaking reruns at night , I'm bored with getting sucked up by giant towers of air . 
Inside the dark deepest part of my mind , through sunshine rain idle dreams keep me sane . Were only feathers in the wind , falling from the sky without wings , and though the world my fall , I know I see , sunlight through the rain over me . 
I'm listening to garbage . No really , garbage is the name of the band . :) 
Is happy that her one and only Dad is on facebook . If you were here Dad , I would be drinking your tea ! Just so you know . 
If you want to destroy my sweater , hold this thread as I walk away . 
Thank you 
Tomorrow I'm not going into target , in my mind , I'm going into Mordor . Here I come black Friday . 
I'm sorry that I didn't tell you guys that I was the one sooner . . . I didn't think you could handle it . 
Time to go to bed ? Already ? Dang it ! 
God help us all 
Sometimes moving on means letting go of things that we love , so that we can let go of things that we hate . 
dreamers visionaries living vicariously , hypothetically speaking about how good we could be , what you lack in confidence make upin energy , tonight where gonna party through insecurity 
It's a good thing I don't take people too seriously , or I might have been thoroughly freaked out when my boss threatened to strangle me today for squishing her bread by setting it the wrong way on the pan . 
You are free to conspire . :D 
watch in awe and amazement as I clean things !!! 
Mercy screams its violent love 
Dear members of the Target Staff . I think it's time to start having a snowball fight . Us , hiding behind mountians of snow by the entrance , vs any guests who dare enter our domain ! 
HA ! It's only -8 outside . That is like , way better then everybody was saying . 
Is reading a book called \Going Postal\ " It rocks . . . " 
And look at it this way . . . certain death has been replaced with uncertain death , and so that is an improvement . 
The < PROPMALE>'s Speech looks really good ! I wanna see it . 
I feel that facebook pages need two walls . One for normal stuff , and one for mindless games . . . so that all the notifications don't bury my life . 
Oh creazil dear . . . you shall be missed . . . and may whatever hands you have fallen into be the correct hands . Hands that shall respect your vigilantly chosen selection of songs . . . sigh . . . 
Here is one big consecutive thanks for all who are , and who eventually will , wish me a happy birthday . Consider yourself thanked for the wishes and all that . 
Thats like trying to put two ponies on the same < PROPMALE > cracker !!! 
Because I'm not planning on photoshopping you into the picture , I'm planning on physically putting you there . 
Facebook always does me the favor of reminding me that I'm not the only one not sleeping . Thanks facebook friends , for supporting my insomnia . 
And you know evil is an exact science , obedient , carefully correct and wrong . 
It's so polite that it's offensive 
I'm very anti establishment recently . . . but how can one fight establishment ? Is there such a thing as establishing a non establishment to bring down establishment ? Must establishment conquer establishment and always exist ? Grrrr establishment . . . . 
If I could attack with a more sensible approach , obviously thats what I'de be doing . 
What music is everybody jamming out to right now ? Post your links to show me !! 
There is a crack in everything . Thats how the light gets in . 
Found her IPOD ! Hooray ! 
Dinosaur chicken nuggets , broccoli , and milk ! Whats not to like ? 
You know that you work in retail when you look down at the laundry that you have been folding , and realize that every single shirt is perfectly folded , symmetrical , and perfectly ready to go \back out on the shelf \"" 
We human beings are more alike then we give each-other credit for . 
Status update . Becca is - Looking for colleges - Writing poems - reading < PROPFIRST > pratchet - watching pushing daisies - listening to music - freezing on her walks to work- answering a lot of phone calls about target - not feeling at all sorry for herself of course- and eating macaroni and cheese . Any questions or comments . . . you know what to do . 
Wants to go fishing !! 
I wish I knew what I was doing . . . 
it's not regret just remembrance is all of how close we had come the war almost won , but I sent up our flag and moved on . Empty and endless like kansas . 
It's official , today I'm satisfying my craving for double cheese burgers and fries . :P 
I've seen a < PROPMALE > man beg\ 
I've seen a good man sin\ 
I've seen a tough man cry\ 
I've seen a loser win\ 
And a sad man grin\ 
I heard an honest man lie 
NOOOOOOOOO !!!!!! 
The good news is that my ipod is very very clean . The bad news is , it went through the laundry and is now broken . 
Question . Should I go to sleep tonight ? \ 
Answer . Already tried , and it's too late now\ 
Conclusion . Well here is to a day of answering phones in a state of delirium 
arm and arm with all the harmless sociopaths 
De Processing- The act of processing backwards and in circles until you wind up right back where you started and realize that is where you were supposed to be all along . 
Funny how in a day everything can kinda just . . . change 
If anybody has any ideas for non tacky wedding decorations that are orange yellow , and turquoise , but don't look like they are autumn , or Halloween decorations . . . let me know . I'm running out of inspiration all of a sudden . 
I will feel better when these next few months are over . These next few months are just going to be insane , and I just need to accept that now . 
Has her bridesmaid dress ! 
It baffles me that some people never dream of flying . 
is reading through some of her old social work homework assignments . It's very very strange . . . 
OMG ! My blog has almost 100 more hits since last time I checked , which granted , has been about two weeks . . . but STILL ! \ 
Man . . . I never knew a number could be so inspiring . 
The meaning of life is meaning 
<3 Grapefruit soda ! 
you make beautiful things out of the dust 
Ok , so my neighbors have been listening to kissed by a < PROPFEMALE > on repeat for the past hour . . . it is a good song , but this seems a bit excessive . 
time goes faster when everything is changing all at once 
Oh for the love of sarcasm ! 
I wish my hair could grow twice as long overnight , so I could finally cut it the way I want to . But alas , I will have to keep waiting and waiting and waiting . Probably for another stupid year . 
Dear God , I am nothing without you , but I don't know who you are . Call my name , you know my name , and in your love everything will change . Tell me it won't always be this hard , I am nothing without you . . . but I don't know who you are . 
I'm sick today 
I wonder if facebook will be studied like history 100 years from now . If students will have to write papers about our culture based on status updates . . . 
I have a new phone , and a new number . Text me if you want me to have yours ! 651-368-4294 
I never was a good imposter 
Icicle Bicycle <3 
is excited for Saturday . :) It's going to be awesome . 
Too excited to sleep , and this is a bad thing . 
Exhausted after a wonderful day that I will never forget . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > forever !!! :) <3 
We aren't in their hands , we are in His . 
So many exciting things all happening at once !!! 
Creativity is seeing something that doesn't exist already . You need to find out how you can bring it into being and that way be a playmate with God . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
I think that more people need to post wedding pictures , because I don't have any of my own . 
I'm loving having homework again ! 
It's times like this that I'm glad for the contrast . It's what makes life beautifully complicated . Textured . Without it , I would be horribly bored . 
Dear college , I miss you . 
God lets us see to the curve in the road . :) All he asks is that we walk to that curve , and look around the corner , to the rest of the road that he has planned for us that we can't see yet . 
Kinda forgot what it was like being forced to force that artistic inspired moment . . . . 
Thank you God !!!! 
Lord God , please help me to stop making such and idiot of myself all the time ! That would be good ! Thank you ! 
I'm excited for the new Dr. Who . . . I hope it's good . 
Poem FINISHED ! Until . . . he asks me to rewrite it . . . again . . . :/ 
I had fun making pie today ! 
M y courser keeps constantly scrolnig ot the sdi e so taht maeks it < PROPFEMALE > l hard to type anything . I have to tap the forward arrow wit hoen hand continualyl and then tyep atthe same time wit h my otherhand . 
I live like a hermit inside of my ipod . :) 
Don't let them have their way , \ 
You're beautiful and so blasé , \ 
So please don't let them have their way\ 
Don't fall back into the decay , \ 
There is no law we must obey , \ 
So please don't let them have their way , \ 
Don't give in to yesterday\ 
We can build a new tomorrow , today \ 
We can build a new tomorrow , today 
An understatement is just another kind of exaggeration . It's just in the opposite direction . 
I cannot seem to find my phone at the moment . . . so if you texted me or called me . . . I'm sorry . . . I will find it and get back to you hopefully in the nearish future . No promises though . 
<3 my new assignments from Mr. Mork\ 
Take yourself on an Artist's Date . . . go ( again ) to a museum , or any place filled with < PROPMALE > and creativity . Take a small lunch and revel in the vibes present in such places . Look for some freebie places . . . bookstores , open-to-the-public events , just go , and remember to take your sketch book with you . \ 
Yeah ! Lets do this !!! 
Is sitting in a real room , with a real bed , and a window and stuff . . . eating carrots suffering from slight agliophobia . . . what happened to the totally cramped environment of my closet ?? 
Had a dream she moved into a chemical factory with her old philosophy teacher , inside of it were haunted bunnies that would change shape , and like 10 dead victorian girls who would float around in really pretty dresses screaming . . . but we knew it was all a hallucination caused by the high levels of radiation left over from making chemicals . . . I think I'm stressed about housing . Who would have thunk it . 
Time to eat popcorn and watch pushing daisies !!! 
Constantly suffering from the need to make everything better then it actually is ?? There is help ! It's called a reality check !! Available anywhere you can find reality , which I must say is pretty difficult now a days . 
Who is agent X ?? I need to know ! 
Who just painted until 4 in the morning ?? ME !! 
Today I got asked if I was an LOD ! Epic win !!!! 
Houseeeeeng !!!!!! >_< dsjfklsdjflskdjflsdkjfsldkfjsldkj 
Hey look it's a distraction !!! 
I almost got hit by a car last night . I had to jump onto the little cement island with the sign on it and cling on for dear life . The lady was on her cell phone . . . figures . 
Scary weatherrr !!!! Yeah . . . I'm a wuss . . . 
God will help me ! :D FACT ! 
Is it possible for time to both be in slow motion and fast forward at the same time ? I kinda think it is ! 
