thinks the weather outside is awesome ! 

is in Vegas for her brother's wedding ! First timer ... Vegas is AWESOME !!! 
is debating on heading to Fargo for a week July 18-25 or July 25 - Aug . 1 ... message me if you think I should and you want to get together ... 
Someone remind me again why I like 114*F 
... is leaving for Tucson in the morning for a week of Technology Camp at a fancy resort ... all paid for by work ... SO EXCITED !! 
is staying in a super fancy resort for Technology Conference in Tucson ... This place ROCKS !!! 
Don’t ask what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive , and go do it . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . ” ~ Howard < PROPMALE > 
Happy Snowed in New Year from Minnesota ! 
hates this part every time ! 
is heading back to the desert ... 
“Breathe . Let go . And remind yourself that this very moment is the only one you know you have for sure . ” —Oprah Winfrey 
Feels like re-doing her classroom website ... should probably wait till this summer though ... 
is exhausted ... 
Is teaching middle schoolers technology on Monday ... ekkk ... 
True friends can go long periods of time\ 
without speaking or seeing each other and never question their\ 
friendship , and then pick up like they just spoke yesterday regardless\ 
of how long it has been . Repost this if you are lucky enough to have at\ 
least one friend like that =) 
Some days I miss you ! Today is one of those days ! 
Strawberry Banana Smoothies make everything Great ! 
Why is it not Friday yet .... 
Amazing how one person can make your whole day ... 
Why can't Google answer the important questions in life ? 
Greys .... all I can say is .... WOW 
needs to put and end to this staying up late stuff ... at least tomorrow is FRIDAY !! Only 9 school days left ! 
Wow it was nice out during my run this morning ! 
booked another ticket to ND/MN ... just can't get enough ... I'll be there June 5-12 . Let me know if you want to meet up . 
is beginning to think God's top priority in my life is < PROPFEMALE > 
the guy I wanted actually won American Idol . crazy ... usually my person loses right at the beginning ... 
Misses this ... 
Does anyone teach in Fargo/Moorhead ? 
can smell rain outside .. but has yet to see any ... :( 
is glad she's computer smart ... 
Is having a GREAT day ! 
... it actually rained here and cooled things off . Now enjoying the smell of rain with the windows open in the apartment ! :) 
Life is not about WHAT you have ... it's about WHO you share it with ... 
is sad that summer is officially ending ... back to school on Monday ! 
it's turning out to be a good/interesting day back at work ... I think it's going to be a great school year ! 
blah blah blah blah blah :) 
is thinking next week is going to suck ! 
God reminded me this morning that HE PROMISES to lead us step by step !! 
Made it through Day One ! 
I will walk by Faith even though i cannot see ... 
My Dad is on his way from FL 
BED equals HAPPINESS 
rented Date Night and thought it was hillarious ! 
Do I have to go to school tomorrow with all those 31 kiddos ? 
Is it the weekend yet ?? I don't know if I can do anymore this week ... 
Thank God ! I don't have to work tomorrow !!!! 
Loves when her bed is comfy and she knows she doesn't have to get up bc its Saturday ! :-) 
Where did the weekend go ? 
Hates when people say they are going to do something and they don't , leaving you to have to throw stuff together at the last minute .... 
is exhausted ... THANK GOD today is OVER ... 
was thinking today it would be fun to be a technology coach for teachers ... 
is feeling pretty amazing and gets to go shopping with my mom ! It's going to be a GREAT DAY ! 
it's almost midnight and I have breakfast plans at 8am with a friend ... I should really consider sleeping ! 
Likes having swype on my Moto Droid ! 
Hard Drive went out on my school laptop this morning ! :( Luckily I have a computer at my house and I had everything backed up for once ! But still stinks not being able to use my ActivBoard and going without a computer at school ! 
Needs a new career ... this one is obviously not working out for me lately ! 
On the upside I went and bought more new fun clothes after work because I was so crabby about the day ! So at least tomorrow I'll look cute ! :P 
Is\ 
praying next week is NOTHING like THIS WEEK ! Expectations : #1 Principal\ 
figures out what is going on #2 Kids realize objects in the room are\ 
not for throwing at each other or at me , we do not hit and kick others\ 
including the teacher/principal , and we do not throw full blown temper tantrums or yell\ 
curse words while your teacher is trying to teach beacuse you don't\ 
want to do something 
Has rediscovered her love of shopping , but her bank account doesn't share the love 
My mom got a promotion at work which includes working from home because she rocks ! YAY for MOM ! 
my day is never ending ... My bathroom outlet just lit on FIRE for no apparent reason ! The guy on call for my apartment complex yelled at me for calling it in because it's apparently not an emergency and he will look at it TOMORROW ! FIRE seems like an EMERGENCY to me ! What if I wasn't home ? So now my dad is on his way over to look at it .... 
Tomorrow will be a better day ! Tomorrow Will Be a Better Day ! Tomorrow WILL BE a BETTER DAY ! 
finally lost kids today bring me to 25 just to be told i will probably be getting more tomorrow 
The maintenance guy that repaired my bathroom today so kindly turned on my air to 72*F and let it run all day . But at least my bathroom is no longer on fire . 
Sometimes when I lay on my bed .. it reminds me of Heaven ! .... Or at least what I think Heaven would be like ! :) 
had a Great Day ! Glad this drama is finally coming to an END ! Life is so much better without stupid drama ! 
it's almost 11 already .. man I lose track of time when I'm creating websites ... 
Thoughts and prayers go out to my school and their families ! 
is amazed by her school family ! It's amazing how everyone comes together in time of need to support each other . Even people that have moved on to other jobs came back to help and support ! Proud to be a Davidson Dragon ! 
Thinks after much work ... this school website is almost done ... Just need to do some small pages and get these teacher's pages activated ... 
Is remembering websites are never almost done despite the thought ... I keep coming up with more ideas ... 
is ready for a break .... 
took a 3 hour nap today ... wowzers ... I never take naps ... 
Anyone want to write an essay on leadership for me ? 
It's my birthday week ! :) Too bad I have a class to go to on Wednesday ( my actual birthday ) ... But oh well , I'll celebrate all week ... :D 
just made it home a half hour ago from a busy busy day ! 
You know you teach Kindergarten when one of your kids gives you a juice box for your birthday and another one gives you a snack size bag of cheetos ! :) Kids are great ! 
Had a great birthday ! Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! I feel SO LOVED ! :-D 
Is truly blessed by some great people in her life !!! 
Thank GOD it's Finally Friday ! 
A true friend doesn't care when you're broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazies . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking to you and never question the friendship . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know ... who they are . 
\You're blessed when you're content with just who you are - no more 
Likes when things go as planned ... 
Made it to the hotel at the Grand Canyon for it to Snow ! 
Day one at the Grand Canyon rain and snow ... Day two Beautiful ! 
Finally wrote my essay to get into grad school ... 
One day I will wake up and everything God's promised ... will have arrived ! That will be a glorious day ! 
feels drained from this week ... 
The only day I get to sleep in and I am wide awake at 6:30 am 
Is having a good day ! Found a pair of jeans I haven't worn in probably 5 years that fit perfect ! So I went and got a shirt to wear with them . :) 
Does tomorrow have to be Monday ??? On the up side I got my plane ticket stuff figured out for Christmas ! :) 
Is officially a grad student ! They accepted me ! 
is enjoying the good things taking place in her life ! :) I love when things go just the way you want them to or better ! 
Is thankful AZ doesn't get snow like MN does !! 
Doesn't really want the Thanksgiving Break to end .. but is ok with it since it's only 3 weeks until Christmas Break :D 
made it through Tuesday ... 13 more days to go ! 
Had a great weekend !! 
Is always wired after personal training sessions .... Too bad we don't meet in the a.m. 
Anyone want to do the 5K Reindeer Run/Walk with < PROPFEMALE > and I in Tempe on Dec 18 ? It's $20 ($18 if you're a Lifetime Member ) 
I see it's FREEZING in Fargo (-27 wind chill ) ... maybe this going up there right after Christmas thing isn't a very good idea ! I'm kinda liking my 80*F Arizona ! 
Metrodome roof collapses during snow storm . More on http://m.inforum.com/301578 
4 days to go ! 
Is exhausted tonight .. but only has 3 more days of work ! Whoo Hoo !! 
I skipped working out to get a massage .... and it was well worth it after the way my kids were today !!! 
Action for the evening ... the neighbors house was on fire .. took two firetrucks to put it out ... 
Yay for 1 last day of school !! 8 days till Christmas ! Then off to MN !! 
Had a good day doing the Reindeer Run with < PROPFEMALE > and going with my brother to see the movie Tron in 3D . Now onto thinking about the fun I get to have the rest of my Winter Break !! 
just discovered this style of ring called Steampunk and made out of watch parts . Some of them are pretty cool and I want one .. of course one with the pretty gems , not a creepy skul ... 
Will be in Fargo in 1 week ! I'm excited to see people .. not excited to freeze !! However I did buy a new set of gloves and a matching scarf today to make it a little more tolerable . 
off to get my hair done !! I love not having work for a whole 2 weeks !! 
My hair looks so cute ! 
It's Thunderstorming !!! It's Thunderstorming !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
is happy I can wear my sandals :) ... while I go look for shoes to wear in the MN snow ... Blah ! 
Is officially in Fargo/Moorhead 
doesn't seem quite as bad as I remember it to be ... 
Snow Day ! < PROPFIRST > had to stay home due to 4-5 ft snow drifts in the parking lot ... 
made it back .. so apparently I really do have to go back to work tomorrow ... 
just doesn't know .... 
Can't fight God ... 
I've been feeling all this pressure just to figure it out . \ 
And I know , don't know , yeah I know , don't know . \ 
And I know that if I just stay strong I can make it , \ 
And try harder when I just can't take it , and when everything\ 
Around me feels so broken and jaded , \ 
I know , I know , yeah I know , I know\ 
~ FM Static - Nice Piece of < PROPMALE > 
Trust , trust in the Lord \ 
< PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding \ 
In all , all of your ways \ 
Acknowledge him \ 
He'll make your path straight 
Is feeling really impatient ... but at least I start Grad Classes on Monday ... so that should help distract me a little ... 
Blah I'm tired tonight !!! 
some people make me smile no matter what ... definitely need to spend more time with these people .... 
feels like crap ! 
seems to be getting her life figured out even with being sick ... 
doesn't like waiting for things .. I'm so impatient ! 
If we wait until everything , absolutely everythig is perfect , we shall never begin . ~ < PROPMALE > Turgenev 
OH . MY . WORD . 1 . Go to Google Maps and click on Get Directions . 2 . Write USA as your start point . 3 . Write Japan as your destination . 4 . Go to the 31st point on your route and when you stop laughing , post this as your status so that others can laugh at it too ...! 
This is your life , are you who you want to be\ 
This is your life , is it everything you dreamed that it would be\ 
When the world was younger and you had everything to lose\ 
~ Swiftfoot 
likes people that make her smile ! :) 
had a great day at the mall with my mom buying new clothes ... I love shopping ! 
I wish I was done being sick ! Now I even have a fever . Dumb ! 
Wait for the Lord ; be strong , and let your heart take courage ; wait for the Lord ! - Psalm 27:14 -- He makes it worthwhile ! :-) 
You may not always end up where you thought you were going , But you will always end up where you were meant to be ...... --- 
doesn't understand weather ... 25*F in ND/MN equals sweatshirt and mittens but not freezing ... 45*F in AZ equals freezing with big jacket , scarf and mittens and me not wanting to have anything to do with it . 
Anyone want to write two grad school papers for me on Administration and Technology by Monday ? 
is feeling out of sorts today ... 
has the biggest craving for cereal ... there are 4 different kinds I can choose from ... but I have NO MILK !!! 
should not be trusted at the mall alone ... went for a haircut and left with a haircut and a bunch of clothes 
one down one to go .... 
DONE ! 
Lets Go Packers ! 
117 ... 
this week is kicking my butt .... and it's only Tuesday !!! 
is NOT a happy person tonight !!! 
is a bit overwhelmed ! 
Forget all the reasons it wont work believe the one reason it will .... 
Thinks if I can make it till Monday I might just survive ! 
man it's been a long week ! On the upside ... COMPLETED & SENT ! 
must have gotten a second wind .. I'm on a roll tonight ! 
I know it was a long week when it's 3am and I'm still up working on grad research and writing papers ... yikes !! 
has successfully made it through last week ... on to this week . Should be MUCH EASIER due to half day Thursday and Friday ! 
thinks people should have to inform at least a day prior if they are sending you to a conference that you have to take the day off for ... especially if have to reschedule conferences and write sub plans ... 
doesn't understand why I can't have my way all the time .... 
Stop worrying about what might hold you down , and pay attention to why you're standing up . ..... < PROPFIRST > Atkins 
I guess you have to trust that things are going to turn out the way they're supposed to , and that you'll be okay in the end . ..... --- 
is feeling inspired by lots of things today ... :) 
feels and sounds like Spring ... my favorite season ! :-) 
yay for half day and 3 day weekend !! I'm going Jeep looking ... maybe shopping ! :-) 
It's amazing because , when you're a kid you see the life you want and it never crosses your mind that it isn't gonna turn out that way . ..... From Love and Basketball 
5K in the morning with Dayna ... Rain or Shine ... I'm hoping we get rid of the rain and bring on the shine .. 
5K went well with sprinkling rain .. 
made mom's day by teaching her how to Skype with my brother ... 
Thank God I have the day off ! 
Has made it official ! Cross my fingers everything works out ! 
I'm moving back to Minnesota after school gets out ! 
funny how I was the only one in my class with my grad school presentation ready when we were told we were presenting them at our online meeting tonight ... DUMB ! 
I think my tv in my bedroom died :( It's only displaying white streaks ( no picture ) no matter what imput you are on .. 
now it's working again ... but it can't be a good sign ! 
I paid 11 more dollars this week than last week to fill up my car ..... hope it's not 22 more next week ! 
I guess I will not be renting movies all the movie places by my house went out of business 
11 days !!! 
should be a good weekend .... going to look at a jeep tonightand a hair appointment on sunday 
Dear week , Please go quickly ! It's testing week with no specials and I'm heading to MN next Saturday ! Thanks in advance ! 
5 more days ! 
