Is it just me or do we always say the year ending was the worst year ever , and we can't wait for the next one ? Well , either way , Happy New Year - here's to a better 2011 ! 

I love my Swiffer WetJet ! There is no excuse not to mop when it's so easy . Is it sad how little excites me ???? 
Everyone's going to bed . . . . I guess it's my turn . Good night day one of 2010 . It was a fun one ! 
I bet most people don't know < PROPMALE > can Tango !! 
The year is half over ??????!!!!!!! Where did the time go ? 
wants her hands to stop itching . and burning . and hurting . and , did I mention itching ? Why do they keep saying no stress helps eczema - eczema IS stressful ! 
According to WebMD I could be allergic to work , laundry and washing dishes . I am convinced WebMD is written by disgruntled working moms . 
I have requests from Mother's Day . . . oh , dear . 
the car ordeal continues . . . GRRRRR :-( 
thanks everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes !!!! Hugs and KissesXOXOXO 
Dim sum on < PROPFIRST > Bourdain ! Me want Grand Dragon !!! 
Sprained left wrist = miserable left-handed person . I need a kiss from mommy to make it better :-( 
has come to the sad realization that she has never been the pretty girl guys want to talk to , but at least she's now the mom of the pretty girl . 
I got a \B ! \ " An F**in B ! That makes two B's and an A !! Why didn't I do this well in college when I had SO much less to do ????!!!!! " 
just finished her second week of psych assignments - still not as good as seeing AGR in her \Artist you may like\ " Napster list ! " 
< PROPFIRST > on the Biggest Loser is going to get the crap beat out of her ! 
How the --- did < PROPFIRST > lose 11 pounds ????!!!!! Send her home !!!! 
Snotty nose + hacking cough = a baby who goes to sleep at 11pm ( let's hope she stays that way this time ! ) 
Tickets for Girls Scouts Jamboree : $12 a head . Lunch for 16 at the < PROPMALE>'s Arm Tavern : $280 . Spending time with my sister's Girl Scout Troop , making new friends in some awesome moms , and being run to death by the coolest almost 9-year-old girl in the world at the Wooden Park : Priceless . 
wants romance , spontaneity and a happy ending . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s morning sickness made me laugh !!!!!! Way to take down the whole office ! 
Crying over the \Office Wedding ! \ " OMG - I only wish I had a plan C that awesome . . . . So sweet !!!!!!!!! " 
The crib mattress despearately needs to be lowered . 
I need a basement with a treadmill and free weights . Boo on expensive < PROPFEMALE > homes :-( 
Red shoe Hussy !!!!! 
You can now by caskets through Wal-mart online ? WTF ???!!!! 
My fever is starting to go down ! Now just around 100 - let's hope it keeps going that way !!!!!! 
97.5 ! Now we just have to stay down for 23 more hours !!!!! 
I left < PROPFEMALE > alone for three minutes to make a bottle . She managed to pull all of the tissues out of the tissue box . I was greeted , not with guilt , but a sly smile and a giggle . I am in SOOOO much trouble . 
Between now and Thanksgiving , think of things that you are thankful for and post them on your status updates at least once a day . The longer you do this , the harder it gets ! Try it along with me ... repost this message as your status , and then tell us what you're thankful for ! - I AM THANKFUL FOR UNEXPECTED FINDS WHILE CLEANING MY STORES ! 
Between now and Thanksgiving , think of things that you are thankful for and post them on your status updates at least once a day . The longer you do this , the harder it gets ! Try it along with me ... repost this message as your status , and then tell us what you're thankful for ! - I AM THANKFUL FOR UNEXPECTED FINDS WHILE CLEANING UP MY STORES ! 
Baby is to teething as Mommy is to PMS . . . 
Misses going to pretty much anywhere in flannel PJs and a do-rag , and still having her friends welcome her out in public . Come to think of it , she misses her friends . Long live The Cellar and Sorrento's:-) 
I'm a < PROPFEMALE > Idol Semi-Finalist !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now , quick - what song should I sing ???? 
began her remolding process yesterday and continued it with a kick-in-the-pants-you-are-s o-o ut-of-shape-these-were-easier-ten-years-ago workout with her free consultation at the Y . Now , if we can just get < PROPFEMALE > to stop screaming like a banshee at the child care \strangers . \"" 
It's a new year ?! Holy Cow ! Where did the time go ???? :-) I hope everyone was safe for the New Year . I assume no one got arrested - I didn't receive any phone calls :-P 
< PROPMALE > Buds . . . . Yummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm 
Let the mischief commence ! We are crawling/walking up a storm !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > will be one tomorrow - where did the time go ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > is a string bean - 30 1/2\ inches and 18.3 pounds . At she looks like me :-) " 
How ironic - There's a < PROPFEMALE > Smith who works as a circus performer , and I am dreadfully afraid of clowns . . . 
\worked out with\ " < PROPMALE > Arenas tonight :-) " 
When do the executives go home again ??? Get out of my stores already !!!!!! 
I am NOT the next < PROPFEMALE > Idol . Oh well , at least my luck rubs off on other people . Maybe that's my purpose . . . 
likes Windows 7 . Now , just to get my resume program installed , and I will be in business !! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and write what urbandictionary.com says about you in the first comment . 
She is my child ! She LOVES spinach !!!!! 
loves that my daughter was still trying to dance on my lap to Pandora radio even after she was falling over asleep ! What a party animal ! 
Brrrrr . I am not built for this much snow . Or wind . 
My daughter is SO not a dog person . 
Never give athletes mallets . . . 
Who would have thought < PROPFEMALE > would manage to suck the butter from the BACK of the packet ???!!!! 
Dude . . . . where's my brain ???!!! 
More snow ??? What is this nonsense the weather man speaketh of ???!!!! OFF WITH HIS HEAD ! 
Never try to get your little one to eat grilled chicken and veggies after you've introduced the wonder of Velveeta Shells and Cheese . 
I LOOOOOOOOOOVVVVVVVED the dancing for Original Score ! The best part of the show yet ! 
Blah . Blah . Blah . 
Does not like not having a routine every day . I make plans but all I want to do is sleep . This is like a bad dream :-( 
VA Workforce Development site almost completed !!!!!! I'm that much closer to unemployment or even better A JOB ( Don't worry peeps , I am still considering all the wonderful offers everyone has sent my way ! Thanks ! ) ! 
Loves visiting with friends who share their babies ! Thank you for the car wash time , < PROPFEMALE > , Christian and < PROPFIRST > ! 
made a TO DO List ! I have already finished two items on it ! Thank goodness it's long :-) 
Is spoiling her 15 lbs . weight loss with a box of Rainbow Nerds . Now , if the taste of nostalgia could bring back her metabolism of the ' 80s ! 
Woot ! My first order !!! 
Hopped up on sugar , McD's , 4 Claritin , and 1 Alavert . I need to go running and find SOMETHING that works for my sinuses ! (* And no , < PROPMALE > , I don't want to be up all night on 24hr . Sudafed ! ) 
My new philosophy on asthma/sinus problems - have a midnight conversation with God , and Irishman , and a Mexican . It works better than anything I've been prescribed or told to take over the counter . 
My last statistics exam ! I hope I did well enough to keep my GPA up . Now , for a summer of microbiology and sociology ! Then , ( God willing ) , a fall in Nursing School !!!!!! 
A 94 in Behavioral Statistics !!!!!!! I have a 3.474 GPA . I haven't seen < PROPFIRST > like that since high school :-) 
Freedom truly isn't free - Thank you to our troops ! Now , bring them home safe and sound ! 
Stupid rash ! Now my hands and foot look like I've stuck my digit and tarsals in acid :-( I hate allergic reactions !!! At least the medicine is helping ( I think ) . 
No matter what I study , I keep thinking Pyruvate , pyruvate , pyruvate . . . . 
An 84 ! I got an 84 on my second Micro Exam !!!! 
Baby girl has the croup . I wish I could make her better :-( 
The baby was out by 9pm , woke up at 9:15 , cried for 15 minutes and has been quiet since !!!! Could we potential have a restful night - in our very own crib ????!!!!! Here's to praying :-) 
Are you there , God ? It's me < PROPFEMALE > . I think you've forgotten about me , and I could really use a sign that I still have a purpose . . . . . . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a socialite - went back into church as we were leaving to get her love from some of the students in the musical . She waved at other babies and mommies from her car in Wegmans . She blew kisses all day to boys and girls alike . I love watching her make people smile ! 
I think my new favorite thing is < PROPMALE > going outside with V to fake water the plants . 
Microbiology is over . No more labs or extensive reading . And I finished with . . . . . An A !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 93.83 ! Put that in your pipe and smoke it Marymount !! Who's not competitive enough now ???!!!! 
Maybe it's not impossible to make it from where I'm from - my late great uncle's books are selling USED on amazon.com for $130.00 and up . . . . And he was a jerk ! 
is not a fan of silence between people . 
Thank you God for three hour conversations in a car with a good friend ! Thanks , Kathy :-) 
Poor unupdated Windows XP desktop . I am so sorry you lose - Laptop 13 burned cds ; Desktop 2 :-( 
At 18 months , < PROPFEMALE > has decided if she doesn't want to eat it completely , she'll just feed it mommy - and give mommy water from her gooey sippy cup . Gotta love leftovers :-) 
Just finished everything to my new DroidX . I really think this phone is to nice for me .... 
Cleaning while rewatching the Doctor Who finale after spending the day with friends . If I finish my paper and get to bed before 1am , this will be the best day so far this year . 
I learned today I don't take compliments well- these amazing comments on my singing are a bit much to take in ! 
Will be gla when the barrage of medicine is over . My tummy no likey :-( 
Why download the widget when the touch website works just fine ? 
Is high on God- gotta love new church smell !!! 
Just finished a turnover , egg , and watermelon after an hour in the gym and a 14-minute mile . For this big girl , that's a pretty impressive morning . Oh , and I'm making surf n turf stir fry for dinner :-) 
Watching Toddlers&Tiaras make me feel like an incredile parent . Then , I feel not so good about the fact that I'm actually watching Toddlers&Tiaras . I need a life . 
Had dinner at California Pizza Kitchen with the illustrious < PROPFEMALE > Cheek . Spent most of the dinner wondering why they kept referencing Cabbage Patch Kids ( CPK ) on everything . Was almost dessert before I realized CPK meant California Pizza Kitchen . 
Cooked dinner , fed the babies , washed the dishes , cleaned the stove and kitchen floor , started V's laundry , and both babies in bed ( < PROPMALE > being one ) . AHHHHHHHHHHH - relax time ! 
The View has finally caught up with my husband - they just reviewed many of the websites that he introduced me to years ago ! I heart ICANHASCHEEZBURGER ! 
In my packing for my trip to Richmond , I found underwear I forgot I own . Sweet ! Then I found the bras that showed how much smaller I used to be . Sigh . 
Even offering < PROPFEMALE > food will NOT elicit a smile if she really doesn't like you . She will just take the food . Sucker !!!! 
She is FINALLY asleep ! Now it's homework time !!! 
Thanks everyone for all the warm birthday wishes ! \ 
You like me ! You really really like me ! 
HAPPY INTERNATIONAL LEFT-HANDERS DAY !!!!!!! 
Why is it your children drive you crazy when you are with them , then you miss them terribly once they're gone for more than an hour ? 
Feeling the rainy day - slept until 11:30 , sang an opening set of < PROPFEMALE > in the shower , had a huge bowl of Apple Jacks , and indulged in AMC and OLTL . Ahh , a lazy day indeed ! 
People are random ! 
Key to < PROPFEMALE > Financial Aid : Harrass them with emails containing really big words , prior email communications saying paperwork was received , and mass concerns of identity theft . Then call them - until they pick up . You will find the problem usually lies with the advisor who hasn't updated your file or his/her paperwork . HMMMM , and I was the one laid off . . . . . . . It's all about the follow-up !!!! 
Wants to shoot herself if I really have to listen to the kids in my class have a discussion about PSP games with the same intensity my friends and I talk about politics , the environment , and the choose to get married/have children . I am SO worried about the future generations ! 
I love my family !!!! 
Fave moment of the day : < PROPFEMALE > jammin to\ Live and Let Die\ " on . the way home from daycare ! Gotta love classic rock radio ! " 
Has a new appreciation for the Backyardigans as they address the fact not everyone likes clowns and pay an homage to the < PROPFEMALE > Brothers . 
The kiddo's in bed before 8:30 ! I actually get to work on my to-do list before 10:30 !!!! Does this mean bed before 1:30 for a change ? I wish ! 
Feels life is bittersweet . A brave young man lost his fight against cancer the same day my friend welcomes her new daughter . May < PROPFEMALE > have even half the strength < PROPFIRST > did . \ 
Hug those you love and let them know how much they mean to you . Time is precious and God gives you people in your life to help you grow , be beautiful , and appreciate everything you DO have . Welcome home to both < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
:-( 
I'm practicing the P.U.S.H. theory . Let there be success !!! 
Just got an invite to Phi Theta Kappa !!!! 
Just discovered her doughnut pen- smells like DOUGHNUTS !!!! I love you < PROPFIRST > R-soon-to-be-T ! 
Lost her free volumizer to TSA . Oh well . At least they can't take away the great time I had with < PROPFEMALE > and the girls and the awesome info I learned at the Kaeser tradeshow and convention !!! If anyone needs some cool holiday gift ideas , give me a holler ! 
Rode the plane next to an older . version . of . Shelton . from Big Bang ! LoL ! 
Too . much . to . study . I can't believe I'd rather do laundry and the dishes . 
First day of guitar lessons ! YEAH !!! 
My funny moment after a weird day - my daughter trying to play with her mailbox but tumbling over several times as she dozed off ! It's moments like those that make me glad to be a mom . 
is actually happy it's a rainy day . I want to sing in it a la < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > - where's my lamp post ?! 
I now have a website for Kaeser and < PROPFIRST > ! D and S Wearables rock !!!! 
New working hybrid batteries in my car , an order in from a referred client , a new website , and my awesome ECO samples and religious holiday cards book delivered . Expect for the disagreement with my mom , I'm loving today <3 
has a new respect for TLC exploitation - Say Yes to the Dress : Big Bliss ; all about full-figured brides !!!!!!! Yes , Big can be BEAUTIFUL ! 
is stuck in homework/housework Hades :-( Will I ever have a fun evening ever again ( without my shadow tagging along) ? I love being a mom and student , but even I need a break ! Calgon , take me away !!!!! 
Dragging today . I need a 24-hour nap . 
Rejected by another nursing program . I'm not stupid , so what else makes me so not worth it ? 
wishes singers were still discovered for their talent and not for the size of their waistline . 
So , 24-hour Sudafed works wonders for a cold , but it does nothing to get you to go to sleep like a normal person - I took it at 6AM , so why am I still up 20 hours later - even though I got maybe 4 hours the night before ? 
What were you born to do ? - My Result : A super hero http://bit.ly/ahFzay 
When you make plans , the babies always decide it's nap time . 
< PROPFEMALE > responds to < PROPFEMALE > now- except when I say it . 
Is mentally , spiritually , emotionally , physically and financially exhausted . At this rate , I may not be in any condition to handle another year . 
Can't wait for Evening to Remember ! God , I am blessed to know so many talented musicians who just make me feel whole again <3 
Is feeling very introspective today . 
is stress eating . 
Just named a wildabeast that took over < PROPFEMALE>'s head . 
really hates studying for exams . My DVR is calling my name , but the responsible me won't let me answer :-( 
Post-It Note : I am thankful for online education . God willing , I will have a Master's in Healthcare Administration by this time next year ! 
Post-It Note : Is thankful that < PROPFEMALE > Tate has \never cooked a meal in the oven-thing . \ " That means someone out there is a worse cook than me - but is still outrageously funny ! " 
Post-It : I am thankful to know so many talented people who make me feel just as wonderful . 
Post-It : I am thankful for being busy . 
Post It Note : I am thankful for a daughter who is compliant at bedtime ! 
I AM JOYFUL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Decisions . I am not thankful for decisions . I AM thankful for my little sister's American Girl doll , which is now < PROPFEMALE>'s \baby . \"" 
Ahhh . One day I hope to be as amazing as my daughter thinks I am - when she's not in time out . 
doesn't want to write her research paper . 
Is SOOO in love with Committed on \The Sing Off !!!!! \"" 
black eyed peas . . . the food not the group . 
< PROPFIRST > Lucca on Parenthood !!!!!! My night is made ( if the actors would stop talking and I could enjoy the song :-P ) 
