if at the end of each year ONE person in the world could change one thing they did during that year ... everyone would be fighting over that < PROPMALE > .... 

it's SNOWING !!! 
computers are like cats : you can move the mouse in their faces to get their attention , but tapping , yelling , and kicking at it won't make it do what you want it to do 
is doing nothing but work and quiz's =/ 
is going to swim/run in the early morn 
is packing for Gettysburg , D.C. , and Williamsburg ! 
is back from gettysburg . there's no place like home 
misses everybody 
just went running . it's HOT out there ! 
needs someone 2 talk 2 , badly . i'm home alone =( 
has to do my summer reading ... sometime 
is going to youth group 2night 
just watched final destination 
trying to keep my nephews out of trouble 
is doing ... something 
is depressed 
is home on a lazy sunday afternoon 
has no clue what's happening in life . shoot me now 
is working and listening 2 some of < PROPFEMALE>'s music 
has been hearing this errie noise for 2 hours and then realized it was a fly around my head 
has a cold ( i have nothing else to say ) 
just finished 1st season of heroes 
just had my last swim practice ! 
is watching heroes ( online ) 
feels like 2 days have gone by ( lesson in life : never go to bed late when u wake at 4 to go to a swim meet ) 
is packing like crazy for honeyrock 
is at honeyrock and is about to travel back to the south 
is watching 3rd season of heroes 
is running 
a great way to cool off burning legs after a long run is a nice , cold shower/ ice bath 
i think i LIKE running 
is about to running with one of my sisters 
who's doing the midsummer nights run ? 
is all preped and ready for school !! 
3 days til school !!! 
is going to a team pool party ! 
to those of whom i made personal enemies : I'M SORRY !!! 
has no idea what to do today 
is having a great night 
is babysitting my nephews =) 
is awake 
is about to mow the lawn 
had my first swim practice ... Yesterday 
is done with homework !!! now it's swim practice 
has anyone realized yet that ' facebook ' is becoming a verb ? 
my chats aren't working 
doesn't want to go through the motions 
is sick =P 
broke a big toe 
needs help with making 3 different crone voices 
has a headache and has to study =P 
has no homework , has to work at a swim meet 2morro at 7am , and just celebrated my mom's 60th b-day ! weekend's going great ! 
has been awake since 6 and it's been a great morning ! 
is wondering to do with myself : become president or memorize the dictionary 
want's to talk to people but can't ( bed ) 
44 people absent from high school ; crazy ! 
is watching heroes 
The Father is a merciful God , who always gives us comfort . He comforts us when we are in trouble , so that we can share that same comfort with others in trouble . 2 Corinthians 1.3 b-4 
there will be a day when the love of power will be overcomed by the power of love . -unknown 
is watching Doctor Who ? 
wishes tomorrow wouldn't come and just sleep and forget this world 
thank you ! i love you all !!!!!! 
got a swim meet this weekend and got to get up at 5:30 .... 
entire family's here for thanksgiving 
just finished making the pies 
can i get a vote if i should change my profile picture ? 
CHRISTMAS BREAK !!!!! 
just to forewarn you people for later in life : NEVER ASSUME !! 
it's snowing and already 3 inches deep where i am 
is working on the Odyssey project ! 
just swam over a mile today ... tired 
retreat !!! 
had a GREAT time at winter retreat ! wish there were more like it . 
The Odyssey project : having to type paragraphs for 40 hours and then draw at least 24 illustrations , except for at least < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > =P 
is going to my nephew's b-day party !!! 
is playing around with my religious views : first I was a christian , then i was a Jehovah's witness , now i'm a Buddhist . lol 
some have a photographic memory ; some don't have film ;) 
is it true that facebook is making us pay $5 a month for having an account this summer ?!?!?! 
is seeing random pictures of < PROPFEMALE > and karis looking like they died and talor < PROPFEMALE > saying < PROPFEMALE > has an amazing nose ... RANDOM !!!! 
is enjoying this springtime weather God's giving us !! 
just saw Atavar and think its the AWSOMEST MOVIE EVER !!! 
is sick at homeand wants to sleep all day 
is almost done with writing my paper 
is working on my research paper 
no matter how weird or crazy friends seam to be , they're still your friends . period 
Always laugh when you can . Its cheap medicine :) - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
is going on a run 
is going bowling w/ my small group =D 
thesouthbutt.com - try it . 
is in < PROPFEMALE>'s appartment , the sisters are sleeping , i'm trying to get my homework done but facebook is addicting , and it's so beatiful outside but i can't get out . can't wait for youth group =D 
is so tired . but thinks it was worth it ! formal was amazing !! 
has no diea whet to do with my life . life is hard , boring , stressing , complicated , meandering , goofy , where did < PROPFEMALE > get that\ 
ice cream ? anyway , it's at the same time fun , hilarious , peaceful , nerve racking , random , why are there northface and\ 
southbutt backpacks sitting right on each other's ... epidermous ? all i'm\ 
trying to say is : one week of brain-melting studying before i can sleep for 20 hours a minute . HURRY UP !!!! 
is sore from canoeing . sprained my arm when our canoe tipped over . but other than that , it was a-mazing ! 
is going camping this weekend . shame though . the frankfort expo fireworks are tonight . 
just got back from boy scout camp yesterday . leaving for boundary waters on friday . I LOVE SUMMER !!! 
is going on a canoe trip for 10 days . won't be seeing all these lovely little pictures of people for a while =) 
is having a wonderful goo dinner and discussing weaton college with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . 
\it takes lots of effort to suck this bad .... \"" 
watched rent at the park last night . great music . bad plot . 
is going to Honeyrock !!! 
gets to miss the first week of school ! 
Ate an entire pizza Friday and burned most of it off in swim practice 
is chilling at my sisters ' before youth group 
looked at my teacher's friends in common and see they're all graduated , and know it's pointless to try and friend them 
Just got my life scout rank . Next stop eagle ! 
has anyone had a facebook friend that you don't know and wonder how he became your friend ? 
let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
two finals we don't have to worry about .... 
it's the first white christmas in a LONG time . I LOVE JESUS !!!! =D 
< PROPFIRST > just left for at least two months . i'll be praying for him every day 
Got \Just a Dream\ " stuck in my head all day . " 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
If you're not scared , post this as your status . (: 
its funny how you can poke people without making them annoyed on facebook =) 
it's spring time ... =) 
full house , great singing , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > dancing like there's no 2morrow , LOVED IT !!!! 
