Haaappy Biiirthdaaay Sydie !!! Yesterday I left my teenage years , today Sydie enters them . WEIRD . 

Last night was so great . Great music , and the people that I love . I couldn't ask for more . :) 
I'm heading to the mall , stinky and sloppy , and without makeup to get my last minute Christmas shopping done . Do you know what it feels like to just not care and be confident ? If you don't , then work on it . Today , I feel beautiful . :) 
wants to go back in \the day\ " several times over ... oh to be young again . " 
likes that the sun has been making more appearances lately ! Time to tan soon ? Um , YES ! Warm me up sunshine . ;) 
Hell yeah ! 
I am so excited for Friday , February 25 at 12:05 pm , because that means it's GIANT'S TIME !!! I'm counting down the days ... 
Dear iPhone , \ 
Please stop correcting my words so I end up telling people I'm gassy when all I want to do is show my excitement by shouting \Yaaay ! \ " . I would appreciate it . \ 
I have a love/hate relationship with waking up in the morning . 
Epic Valentines Day Breakfast ? Epic Valentines Day Breakfast ! Wish me luck ! I'm making heart shaped pancakes , eggs , AND bacon ! :) 
Why am I up so freaking early ? I couldn't tell you . It feels good though . Will I regret it later ? Probably . 
Good morning World ! Goodbye dreams ! Hello muscle aches ... 
Confession : I like Ke$ha ... 
Well ... the sun is out . I might as well smile . :) Late for class , who cares ... exercise later , good for me ... also my first day of work , CHA CHINGGG !!! 
Go Gigantes !!! 
Has anybody read Pride and Prejudice and Zombies ? If so , do you recommend it ? Yes or no ? 
About to go fill up my car . My gas gage is stuck on full , so I have to track my < PROPMALE > on my trip timer . How many < PROPMALE > did I drive you ask ? 270 . My lovely boyfriend did the math for me and told me I get about 15 mpg , and I have an 18 gallon tank . Anybody good at math ? Kind of scary I let it get that far . Let's see how much it costs ! :D ... :( Or if I can make it to Safeway . 
Anybody wanna play Words with friends with me ? :D It'sBADBeth ... Do it !!! 
New Gameinformer today ! Woohoo ! :D 
wishes double double cheeseburgers , animal style , with extra grilled onions were a healthy choice ... 
Never knew I could feel like this , like I've never seen the sky before . Want to vanish inside your kiss , every day I'm loving you more and more . Listen to my heart , can you hear it sing ? Telling me to give you everything . Seasons may change , winter to spring , but I love you until the end of time ... 
Did you all know that Individuals in the United States can still be fired , be denied a job , housing , or even evicted from their home because of their sexual orientation ? Did you also know that oral , and anal sex was a crime until 2003 ? I'm disappointed . I don't give a hootdenanny if you believe in Gay rights or not , I believe in people rights , and that NOBODY should be singled out or treated this way . 
You would think after a long night of work I'd be tired , but for me it's the complete opposite ... I'm as awake as I could ever be ... I need sleep !!! 
Mmm ... Slept in ... Fabulous . 
It's going to be a long day at work , thank goodness for cashmere blend socks to help get me through the day ! 
I go out to work on Monday morning , Tuesday I go off to honeymoon , I'll be back again before it's time for sunnydown , I'll be lazing on a Sunday afternoon ... 
Sometimes ... I really love people , I'm not going to lie . 
I didn't want to be up this early , on a day I'm able to sleep in , but the sun is out . :) I want to fix my bike so I can go out and ride it again . I miss it . 
Stupid court hotline ... I'm just calling to ask a question and I've been on hold for almost 15 minutes now . No I can't get the same information online , it doesn't tell me anything . What I want to know is if I can apply for traffic school AND a payment plan , anybody knowledgable in this area ? If you can help me out I will be very thankful and owe you a huge favor ! :D Pleeease !!! 
Lately ... I can never get enough sleep ... 10 hours and I still feel like a zombie . :( Time to get up for class . 
It feels good to be making money again . 
\It's not just superficial . I'm deep in love . \ " \ 
Music really stimulates the memories , even when it's just in my head ... 
Work poops me out . 
Today in my debate class I had to make an argument as to why legalizing prostitution would be a good thing . Now I am a little neutral on this subject , but I admit that I enjoy looking at all sides of an argument and acknowledging all points . Whether you are completely for or against something , I think we should all try a little harder and at least respect what other people think , and why they think the way they do . 
I love it when I take my clothes off at the end of the day and I feel like a transformer from all the marks I have on my skin . 
has forgotten how nice pedicures are . :) 
got highlights ! Can you say super blonde ? 
Oh the feeling of a spring/summer night ... so relaxing , yet not sleep inducing in the slightest . 
Wake up in the morning feeling like P . Diddy . 
Time to stock up on a lot of sun block ! I love the smell of sun block ! I'm excited ! 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > playing Fleetwood < PROPMALE > , today is a good day . 
So apparently I have good veins . Thank you , Mr. Paramedic . 
I'm pretty sure my index finger on my left hand is arthritic ... along with many other parts of my body :( 
My taste buds love me , but my body hates me . 
