Happy 2010 to all . Hope this year gets better . Have a save and happy year . 

I'm going to get back surgery done on oct . 27 . ( anterior Lumbar interbody fusion L5-S1 ) . Hope everything goes well . Have a great happy halloween . :) 
Let you know that surgery went well . I'm walking around now . But , still hard to get in bed and out of it . One thing is I can't drive for 5 more weeks . :( I hope everyone is doing great with their life . Love < PROPFIRST > 
Happy Birthday New Years . Your 2011 years old ! 
I saw a movie that wake me up and got me thinking again about life . The movie I saw was Shelter and I love it . Can't wait to get back to work and make money again . If I can go back to work again . Love < PROPFIRST > 
I apply for an manager job at coke and I can't get that job because of back . But , have to polish up on my resume and questions that I might be ask again . It was a wake up call for me and made me feel good about myself again . love < PROPFIRST > 
Still waiting to go back to work . I'm going to miss the freedom I had . But , can't wait to make money again . - I love all of you !!! 
If you have credit cards stop using them and start paying off them off . If you owe 10,000 . 00 on them ask them if u could pay $3000 and the 7000.00 you could use as extra income for 2010 for your taxes . But , you would have to pay taxes on the 7000.00 but it is better then paying for the interest on the credit card . 
Every day we play a game . The game is we go to work and then we are robots . We have to look at a screen that tells us what to do all day . As the day on we get input what others don't like about the other person on the phone , email , news , internet , and so on . But , we all need a job to pay for the bills . - < PROPFIRST > doughty 
Happy Good Friday ! To all . 
Happy Easter To All !!! 
Hey ! I would like to see a sale at woodman's ( coca cola ) Would like to see 6 for 10 with a free 12 pk or energy drink 4 pk . 
Coming back to milwaukee this tuesday . 
Did anyone seen my cat last night . 
Did anyone seen where my coca cola can went to ? 
http://www.pgestore.com/Surface-Cleaners/home-cleaning-surface-cleaners,default,sc.html 
what a storm we having 
They should out law debt collections they are bullys . 
privacy concern - to a 3th party ( as Collection agency)\ 
\ 
Because my SSN was sent out to a collection and also my medical information . I'm looking for other medical places that I been see at and seeing if my information is safe with your company . I don't know why it is ok to send my information out to a collection or to a 3th party with out my permission . That concerns me . 
Everyone Needs A little DOUGH + < PROPMALE > = DOUGH < PROPMALE > :) 
Who would like to see Mr Kemp on wipe out on abc .? I would love to see that . 
Who\ 
would like to see Mr Kemp on wipe out on abc .? I would love to see \ 
that . 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
I clean the basement today . 
http://www.womansday.com/sweepstakes.com 
Sweet Dreams are made of these ! I Love that song ! 
I'm so happy my grand father till here to help me out . I been waiting for my unemployment check for 5 months and unemployment would say to me they are back log . I been email all the goverenment and legist . to get the ball going again . And today someone from unemployment call me . I miss the call because in was unkown call . Hope I see this year . I'm broke from 3/8/2010 . 
I have bad news . unemployment told me I can not give me my unemployment \ 
check now . I don't meant their standards . Now I have to wait for the \ 
letter and have to give it to my attorney to look at it . Their something \ 
fishing about that . Been waiting for my check for 5 months . 
The only thing I would like for my birthday is a gym membership . So , I could lose 90 Lbs . = 140 again . Plus , Would like to keep my stress down . 
I'm going back to MATC starts 8/26 one day before my bday . Love All !!!!! 
We take several factors into consideration when reviewing an \ 
application for employment . Some positions may require previous \ 
experience depending on the needs of the store at the time you apply and\ 
the skill level required for the position . There are entry level \ 
positions that do not require prior work experience . \ 
Thank you for your interest in Pick'n Save . \ 
Betty.Wilkum@roundys.com 
If anyone looking for me next week . I'm going back to college . I can't wait . and birthday next week also . I'm going be 23 again . \sweet \"." 
Happy Birthday to me , Going to be 23 again going to be the last one . The time pass fast when you have fun . To bad I have no money to give my love to everyone :( . But , THANK YOU to ALL . And THANK YOU , again . :) :) :) :) 
Anyone that driving on the college ave to howell ave . That road went to one < PROPFIRST > now . 
It came to my attention if one of the family members or friends got in trouble with the law . We all back way from them in most cases . Well I just want to point out something to all to think about . If you drink at a bar or at a party and you got behind the wheel and got caught by the cops . Got a ticket . 
what is going on with coca cola enterprise - milwaukee , wi ? I see they are pushing their customers to a point they are sick of the high prices from coke and the businesses owner are switching to pepsi . Have you heard Milwaukee Area Technical College kick out coca cola and bringing in pepsi . 
what is going on with coca cola enterprise - \ 
milwaukee , wi ? I see they are pushing their customers to a point they \ 
are sick of the high prices from coke and the businesses owner are \ 
switching to pepsi . Have you heard Milwaukee Area Technical College kick\ 
out coca cola and bringing in pepsi . 
I went to apply for energy assist . today and they told me I had to show approve of income . How can I give them an approve of income if I haven't been working almost 2 yrs . 
coca cola might lost out doing business with Potawatomi casino . 
My aunt call today didn't have anything nice to say to me today . Told me I can't talk to any of your gay friends . I cross the line because I talk to one of a gay guys . I would I know if they are her friends if she doesn't have your \friends list\ " on open online . \ 
Anyone that wants to get in my face and bring up my pass needs to back off . I don't play nice back . If you have dirt in your pass I will find it and rub it in your face . I'm done with that stuff . 
I hope everyone has a great night 
Is it bad if you do not cry at a funeral or/and do not cry for someone that you care for ? 
Hey , if anyone gets this phone number 1-877-244-1399 asking your information do not give it out . I did a search on it not come up on it and the guy told me I could get the information about the company . 
Has anyone seen my coke dealer around because I still waiting for my money . They are over due on my payments . \ 
- Always Enjoy Coca Cola 
Does anyone know how to do a business plan ? 
merchandise outlet needs more specials on your facebook . It's nice they have facebook account but they need to advertise more on facebook . 
OMG ! I went to state fair for the job fair . State Fair look like a fair . Some of the job sites were looking for one or five people to hire for their business . Their were about 3000 or more people looking for a job . They are all were looking for full time jobs . 
position of National Transportation \ 
Strategy and Sourcing-02829 has just been posted in our Career Section . \ 
We thank you for your interest in Coca-Cola Refreshments . 
omg ! I ran into my ex at a bar . Can't believe it . After that check out the KCD bar in cudahy I didn't see any cudahy people in that anymore . I like the bar . 
I didn't want me run into my tonight . I got looking at me again . so , now I have to go to bed . thinging about him again . 
Wisconsin People ( some of you have some service and most do not have service ) Sprint Its\ 
looks like it stated to go down ( network ) around 4pm ct . If you call \ 
your phone it says all network is busy or call back later . If you are \ 
calling the 1-800-636 6111 That is not working also . Sprint is working \ 
on it and they are not sure what is going on with the network right now . 
If anyone looking for me . I didn't do it . 
Coke guy is outt here . Party hard and drive save tonight . If anyone looking for me I didn't do it . 
Does anyone know a law lawyer ? 
Has anyone heard anything around them . Like a voice or some thing that just moves by themselves ?????? 
Happy Thanksgiving TO ALL I know !!!! Early !! Love all of you ! 
OMG ! at whats on TV on Wednesdays night . I'm loss . I normally have class at night ! 
so , if anyone looking to buy a computer or anything that has a name brand look it up on the main web site first . you get a better deal on the web site then the stores . 
I never seen two gay guys start a fight in the bar before . That was a first for me . So , I had to talk one of their friends one home to her car . One of the guys forgot to take his meds . I was not going to stop that one tonight . It was a fun night for me . The guy that forgot to take his meds he was hot . but never mind now . 
do you hate went people rub stuff in your face ? and now they are better then you are . I just have to wait till they fuck up so I could rub it in their face . Sorry , some people can piss me off some how . I can't believe it . 
Why is everyone getting single before the holidays ? 5 people I know are single now . 
still rain in miilwaukee ! 
I have to take my mother to the doctor office . She might have cancer or a bad virus ! 
Wish I had auto starter for my car . < PROPFEMALE > where are u , lol ! 
Who can watch the show of minute to win it ? I can't . 
I received a B average in college this year . Sweet ! I'm lovely it . 
Is their anyone that is in HR ? 
If anyone looking for auto insurance . Here are some of the best deals to save 200.00 for 6 months . There are Geico , State Farmer Insurance , Allstate , Progressive Auto Insurance . If you have American Family Insurance . 
Marry Christmas to all . Have a safe day . - Love < PROPFEMALE > 
ok . I was yogi bear and meet the little fockers . They was great . :) 
I had a good time on my vacation . I saw family and friends from Phinelander to < PROPFIRST > Point to Westfield to Adams to Milwaukee . I'm back home now . Now , I have alot to do at home . I need to get auto insurance , put on my sticker for my car . Get ready for school and get my books . 
It's snowing here and its causing bad car crashes in milwaukee again . 
I notices : when people go out to the bars . They in act better with each other they like . If you remember what them said to you that night you can remember what they do in life . I like to watch people . alot of them like to talk each other or to sing songs each other . If you like to drink and you like to in act with people you do like . you open up more if you drink with you . 
Who fix the snow machine ? I didn't want that much of snow . 
I have a spirit that loves follow me around . Loves to make alot of noises around me . Likes to open doors and like to more things . But , when I went on a date . I didn't have any of that when i was on the date . So , I don't know who it is and why they are around me . 
I hope everyone have a good day ! 
Sorry , if I'm blowing up people wall up about schooling information . 
I hope everyone have a safety weekend and have a great weekend !!!! 
Ok ! Why do we need to save on water and paper ? 
Coca-Cola couldn't tell me if I was still with them . I got a letter from 401k to rollover my account . I call 401k they told me coke dismiss me . I have not got a letter from coca-cola about the dismissively . 
Today is going to be funny . This snow is up to the window . Almost telling me . 
Your result for The Am I Gay ? Test ... \ 
The Straight\ 
Stand up and be heard ! You're ###% gay ! \ 
You're straight ! You can choose whether or not you should be proud of that . You have just enough gay in you to not look like a liar , but too little to be really gay . You're suprised , aren't you ? 
Your result for The Why Are You Single Test ... \ 
' Net Bf/gf\ 
You scored 39 despair , 75 relationship potential , 100 feelings , and 75 patience\ 
You're an internet boyfriend-girlfriend . You probably like someone who lives far away , too bad you're too poor to afford a ticket . get a job ! 
I sign up for unemployment today they told me I would get a check . ( good mood at that time ) Coca-cola has not call me back about my dismissal letter I need for school . I call the union office to get the letter from coca-cola . And told < PROPFEMALE > to learn I can't pay for my < PROPMALE > for school and they will keep calling me once everyday till I pay for it . ( piss me off for the whole day - stress out ) 
Were you happy with the Half Time Performance from The Black Eyed Peas at this years’ Super Bowl ? 
OMG ! I feel alot better now . But , I had a good night . 
Please ! Stop Snowing ! 
Is anyone looking for a sale job in milwaukee ? 
Everyone needs a hug this weekend ! If you see someone today on the way give them a hug ! 
Okay !, I'm sick of reading Buyer behavior and selling needs . 
Cost me 30.00 to fill up for my car . Back in 10 years ago cost me 10.00 . 
this month i'm getting looks like i'm a piece of meat lately . I don't know about this . what should i do ? 
I thought < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was trying to save money . Not to spend more money on other things . 
I hope everyone have a safe weekend . Take care ! 
Milwaukee are a mess again . It's going to be a slow day !. I'm going to kill my nose so keeps running off . 
Ok . I'm off to bed . 
I hope everyone have a better day . 
Does anyone know a non alcoholic drinks ? 
Happy New daylight savings !!!! Yea ! Yea ! I love you ! \ 
Dear God , Mother Nature needs more love in her life , because I would like to have some warm in my life soon . Could you please help her out this year ? I want to feel love in the sun , have good nights to sit , and relax with this hot guy i'm seeing . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > W . Doughty 
I burn my pizza . Nice going < PROPMALE > . 
I'm happy because I receive my grades online . I got three A's and one B's . That a first for me . 
House is crazy !!!!! That was nuts what he did . 
Spring Recess at Milwaukee Area Technical College will be held Friday , April 15 through Friday , April 22 . Please note that even though classes will not be in session during the Spring Recess , the college will remain open those days . \ 
The college will be closed on Friday , April 22 , 2011 , for the Spring Day holiday . 
I'm Sorry if I hurt anyone from my family three days ago . That person that cause pain in my life just wanted you to know how I felt about it . 
Ok !. I just saw someone drive on the sidewalk to get cross to the other side of the parking at Packard Plaza between ALDI between Cost Cutters . That crazy !!!!. I know its warm outside . 
I'm staying inside because , I don't want to lose my pot of gold tonight to those who want to hurt me from it . 
Happy Friday to All . I hope everyone had a safe day last night . \ 
Do not forget to buy a Mega Millions Ticket tonight . Up 230 to 250 millions . 
Good night all ! 
Their are storms in milwaukee . SWEET !!!!!!! 
I miss being young . Miss doing the crazy things . But , the mostly i miss my high and middle school classmate . 
It's hurts me when people are not going to help me out on a presentation . But it really hurts me alot when people not like me anymore due to my pass . Some of my friends know who I am really am . I can't believe people these days . I sorry if I help you out when you were feeling down or you needed someone their for you . I was their for you . Now , its me . No one is here for me . Why is that ? 
It's bad when someone doesn't want to talk to you . Then they send someone else on me instead talking to me . I ask for some help on thing and then I get bully not to ask them anymore questions . \ 
It would be a great benefit if they had help me out . It's would look good on them . But , now these two people on my list . One of the person was a good friend and good listen to me . But , now I'm no one to them . that damn sad . 
I'm going to coaches corner to see if the owner computer is working aagain . then home . . love all . 
One more thing . Please update your virus scan for updates . 
To calculate grades :\ 
each A = 4 points\ 
each B = 3 points\ 
each C = 2 points\ 
each D = 1 point\ 
Then , if you have a grade of A add a 3 credit course , it is a 1 credit it is 1 point\ 
Add the points , point total and then divide by the number of credits , 12\ 
GPA = 33/12 = 2.75 
Ok . my chatting is not working . why not ? 
Ok , today I had to meeting today ( Thursday ) after my meeting went passing though a building that < PROPMALE > gift shop was and I went inside to say hi to < PROPFIRST > I talk to her for least then 5 mins . So , after 3 hours pass I get a phone call from < PROPMALE > Corporation saying need to call them . So , I call and they told me I can't say hi to anyone .. Now < PROPMALE > corporation is discrimination to me . 
If anyone is coming to Milwaukee , WI or leaving Milwaukee . one hour to get out same with coming in to milwaukee if you from from I94 . 
< PROPMALE > Corporation is discrimination me because I talk to someone . \ 
Please Call < PROPFIRST > Osborn at < PROPMALE > Corporation why < PROPMALE > Corporation and Theatres is discrimination . He is not telling the whole story why I can not talk ? \ 
< PROPMALE > Corporation 414-905-1542 
Have you notice when we have bad weather in USA the economies is always down . When we have a good economies the weather is not bad . 
Alright , I will be at MATC all day . Caught up on my homework . before spring break . I have 6 tests to do . I'm going to be busy today . 
Have anyone rental a car before ? What sure I do ? 
< PROPMALE > corporation want me to sign this letter from them . I'm not going to sign off on anything before I take a look at it first . What a waste of money to have me to sign off on something that I can't see or disagree on it before I sign off on it . Coca-cola hated me for that . 
Love all . 
