I walked upon the road less traveled , and I heard voices everywhere . 

I knocked upon the door to knowledge , and a voice asked , \Who is there ? \"" 
I walked upon the road less traveled , and I heard voices everywhere 
Zombies vs humans last night was horrific , I nearly passed out . 30 minutes of straight sprinting ... 
So who else has been text stalked before ? 
So a short story I wrote is good enough to be displayed at coffeehouse , just not all of it ... 
should definitely log out next time . I'm lucky that the person who found this is incredibily nice and went through the same thing not long ago and most of his friends thought he was gay for a while . HEED THIS AND LOG OUT NEXT TIME BRO ! IT'S BETTER THAT WAY ! 
fought the greatest battle , and only won his scars 
carries the burden of weeks of procrastination ... 
Coming home Saturday , then leaving for < PROPFEMALE > for a bit . Don't know when , or how long . 
has the best hall ever 
dinner , then science presentations , then dance performance , then cards/something ... then hall check , brawl , and somewhere in there , homework ... two more days 
Tomorrow I'll be on my way home , but it feels more like I'm leaving than returning ... 
This Facebook app is awesome ! MSG me . 
There's nothing broken in my brain 
In < PROPFEMALE > and the weather's great . Gone swimming ! 
I can't find any toast , all we have is bread !!! 
cant find the words to express how he feels at this moment . 
How are we supposed to plan a senior year's classes if the administration doesn't even know what classes are offered next semester ? 
is looking forward toward an easy semester 
Doctors offices suck . Im gonna work in a hospital ... 
ugh , sunday night ... school tomorrow ... 
Applying to Johns Hopkins University today , retaking the SAT on SATurday :( , got a 770 in math the first time , need to do better in reading and writing ( ironically ) wish luck all , pray for me please . 
passed the cerftifed nurse's assistant examination ! Keoni leveled up ! Keoni is now a CNA ! 
this last week of school is so pointless , nothing to do in 1st , needless review in second , playing monopoly in 3rd , and a party in forth block ... not that im complaining :) 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone . 
lol , birthday in 4 days , ill finally be able to go to a rated R movie by myself ... 
Hate is what you get when you decide not to learn , and decide to fight instead . 
So I here north < PROPFEMALE > schools are getting snow days this week ... \ 
Jealous : l 
Mondays ... 
First day since we got back that i have no homework ... what am i supposed to do for the next two hours ? 
So yesterday the rest of my class and I were transfered out of our Microbiology classroom in 4th block because of career day for the 9th graders . The teacher had to remain behind , so all 5 girls in my 4th block took this as an opportunity to talk about my butt . the conversation lasted an hour . My life is average . 
When it gets lonely there , on top of that mountain , far from those which you've distanced yourself , \ 
Climb down . 
Ugh , I hate being sick ... 
Spring break\ 
Life just got a little brighter 
