Any 1 goin onna run lol 

Had plans to drink wit a couple peepz but hikez sry maybe next time chyllin wit da dope crew bout to set shyt off aha love yall famz . <3 
Damn wit all these bottles dont even kno how much we drank from my bottle . 
Damn im havin fun what about yall ? 
Damn we really mustve been tryna fight haha got brusies on my knuckles lol 
Got myself sum koolaid n audric was followin me around n i gave him the first drink n after that he said Mmmm Mum mo lol he wanted another drink that was cute wish his daddy coulda seen him . Hopefully 2morrow . A.L.J <3 A.K.L.J Love my boys :D 
haha kinda new to the site so yeah go easy on meh haha j/p j/p bouts to go swimmin :) 
damn well going swimmin is not gunna happen i guess lmao so imma go swimmin in the tub again lmao 
damn this bby momma needs a cig lol sadly sleep for most the day lol but yeah just illen with my bby 
never mind i found it damn bored as hell right now but yeah wide awake lol enjoyin my day wit my bby hehe so happy en relieved right now haha thxs to gz woman lmao haha thats crazy as fuck but yeah made my day hahaha 
gots dat music on blast chyllaxin wit my bby still think bouts what to do today it looks like its gunna rain lol 
hey how do u poke people lmao i wanna get some good pokes in their lol 
im in tha terrorizein mood lol en that niggy can't take some jokes lmao oh well imma be me en yall do u lol their aint nottin bout it here lol shawty just hatefull right now lmao 
Chyllin wit my famz bouts to head back to da house kickin it ready to get my pow wow on to nite lmao haha thats funny but gotta love it :) 
illen at the powwow damn good dancers ive seen so far awesomeness i do believe im lovin it :) 
Welll that was a dope ass man lol the dancers kicked ass but any who bouts to go home en yea put da bby to bed en think bout who i saw today lol awesomeness :) 
shawty heyyyay lol but yeah bouts to go get muh hair done en yea get the swuver on for da pow wow yaya i just love my lil big sis < PROPFIRST > bean yay she gunna make meh look fly haha 
Damn almost done gettin da hair done looks purrdy dope hehe its all good in my hood * wink wink * 
YAY MY HAIR IS DONE FUR SEXINESS im complete now en shawty stayin fresh u kno dis ;D 
whats good everyone . notta damn ova here bored as hell need someone to chyll with any takers lmao j/k 
damn < PROPFIRST > jourdain and his son have alotta FUCKIN NERV TRYNA CALL FAMILY SERVICES ON ME SAYIN IM A BAD MOTHER . Damn i got so much fuckin shyt on them why they tryna fuck with me when the fucker dont want nothing to do with his son im so sad en pissed right now ... 
im just chyllin wishin for a better day en yeah i need to go somewhere do something damn these couple days suck i needa smile on my face but so far nothing much but i need an upper :( 
DAMN I WANT A BEER OR SOMETHING !!!! LOL hurt mode over here lmao 
chyllin put my bby to sleep en wake en chyllin now XD i had a nice nap lol weed put me under lol good good lol but awake haha 
yay swimmin en grillin today sounds dope bouta get my boi ready for today take the lil munchkin for his first swimm this should be interestin en fun ! 
mmmm today was fun swimmin with my bby bro his gurl that was fun en funny my really cried when i went under water lol it was awesome swimmin today 
fun today for sure lol cant type straight lol 
nice en chyll mode right now just got dun wit a smoke illen wit my bby en bouts to listen to sum musik awesome right now . :) 
Swimmin was fun as hell stayed long today en yeah bby hardly cried this tyme it was awesome !!!! 
is Chyllin , illen , like an Early Morin Villian .... HaHa juss watchin a movie , these past few days have been oddly morbid to me but completely worth being happy en havin my baby with me ! I can't believe my lil man turns one next week im so happy i have my Lil Man in my Life ! He's my World 
Chhyllin with my bby needs some help wit sum shyt lol hopefully on it doe ... Gots some plans for me en my bbys future on the way it should be interestin i know im gunna give it my all 24 hrs 7 dayz a week XD so excited for next month hopefully are planz come thru 
Str8 chyllin damn im gettin tired hmm .... 
Chyllin in tha clouds en livin life proud ! My baby has 5 more dayz dayum im a happy mami ! illen on cloud9 high on lyfe !!!.... maybe ;) hehe 
dayum shawty in that moment where she juss says f*ck deez lil boyz , in my mynd state where imma be lookin for dat right kindda man . Sure az hell aint no where around here . Lil boyz around here still needa grow up .. Hahaha 
chyllin lol damn i wish i could say what i really want say on here but i got more respect then that lol 
I just talked to a guy that sounded to good to be true .... right heigh , sweet ass personality . Treats his women right when he has one . Sexy body en voice hmm nummy haha difference is in location but shyt id fuck lmao ..... 
wide awake en feelin fyne bout to take a puff of this joint of myne hehe 2 more fricken days till my < PROPFEMALE > turns one im so damn proud lol 
Chillen purrdy stoned rite noww .. 
YAY IM NOT SO BUMMED TODAY LIKE HELL GYEA . . . ;-) o em gee bouts to get so wasted today wow cant wait for the evenin hmmm 
awesome day so far bout < PROPFEMALE > get muh smoke on then fade mode haha juss waitin for my cuz < PROPFEMALE > hit meh up ..... 
illen at home wit my bby damn only ones home today again lol for awhile maybe this evenin i dont kno wide awake all early again lol damn did i ever get fucked up last nite still feelin it kinda hahhaahaa 
aww man my bby just dont want to give up that bottle he dont like sippy cups jeez hes really cryin my poor bby en hes just tired ... I feel bad bout takin his bottles away i think imma go get em . I hate seenin my < PROPFEMALE > cry . Makes me wanna be sad to ...... 
hmm im so bored right now lmao i wanna chat but no way of chattin here lmao some text me or somethin lmao5564794 
Fb\\nMeka*marie 
Chyllin now thinkin bout takin a nap i dunno yet tho lmao where the hell is everyone today ? Damn i dunno tho i really need to escape right now ..... 
Chyllin i really had to get outta the house chyllin with micky right now hmm its nice to be away for a lil while still wish they woulda let me bring my bby 
Just illen feelin okay lol got my high on en had a few shots chylllin wit micky his neph en his neph's friend lol its nice lol 
Damn that < PROPFIRST > tasted good lol dayum i neeed more lmao but gyea im ight now lol not so bummed out now lol .... 
Just got outta jail today lol was expectin an ear beating but yeah everyone is ight with it lol they took it easy on me in court so im so greatful today just watchin ts3 wit my bby ... im happy to be home wit him .... 
is always subjecting herself with something she know will never work out tyme to get back to reality ...... kinda bummed but then again ...... 
damn it feels good to lay in my nice soft comfortable bed . En not that wack ass jail bed lmao imma sleep good tonight lol 
dayum i fucked up my arm that shyt hurt like hell ! Now i know i broke somethin in my wrist ... Gettin ready to go to btwn get my son a haircut lil man is gettin bushy lol 
Hmm well this crazy chick is off < PROPFEMALE > bed g mornin fbookers peace lol 
happy birthday to my grammpa cook out n everythin lol should be dopeness today lol but yea hopin to do something nice today to hopefully lol 
Chyllin get muh grub on . Fuller den hell lol nice lil party at least my grampas havin fun yay !!! Dayum tho lmao i cant eat anymo lmao !!! 
\i need one joint so i can get two joints\ " lmao that was so funny lmao " 
SG hmm whiskey in jar .. (* thinkin mode *) wish i could relive the good ol days lol 
beautiful witha slitely dirrty mind .. Sweet en kind at the same tyme .. Nice en confident so no ones gunna break my pride ... Hehe ;D 
Chyllaxin still think bout what to do hmm dunno yet tho .... away in the sky en feelin so high life coulda be any better ... 420 on my brain en im feelin insane but things couldnt be anymore funner ... hehe 
Beautiful en crazy . Alive en juss amazin . Not feelin hello shady but still i got my shyt ready < PROPFEMALE > keep dat boy on whip . 
needs some digits im in a textin mood anyone wanna chat lol get at me wit a name en numba lol en ill get a cha hehe .... 
Well G-mornin fbook , imma call it a good mornin , en ill catch yalls later today :D imm bouts < PROPFEMALE > crash lmao blabben bout nothin lol had tonz fun tho lol 
I cant help but wait , til u see with me it aint tha same . i cant help but wait , for u to see u for who u really are ... But i cant help but wait .... 
this lil dumplin is hello lovin this homemade chicken en dumplin soup mmm nummy lol imma dumplin en chick yall after lol ... 
Chyllin likea early mornin villian ... Lol damn tha mission school at night is def fuckin huanted wish yall coulda seen en heard wtf we heard in that fuckn damn place , fuckin sounded straight up like their was a dog in that fuckin gym en its bark juss echod thought the school . Those fuckin foot steps comin toward us really fuckin creeped tha fuck outta me damn lol 
Damn i needa move off the rez en look for a new man somewhere away from here lol tonz of guys on this rez but not one my type lol well cept for the few i took interest in lmao wish i could see Sg again shy sweet en respectful en good talker en listener not juss a guy tryna get in ya pants lol he was sweet .... 
Tha angels above , tha devil below , im stuck in tha middle with nothin to show , killin me softly , while tha cold wind blows , wishin my fellins never went cold ...... Hehe im in a thinkin mode right now lol 
G mornin fbers imm off now to much things on my mynd right now en is guuna call it a night ... hopefully ill be interestin tomorrow gen lol highly dout it thought lol but gyea peace peeps ..... 
damn skeeterz love muh bloood .... Theyer chewwin my ass up , muss meen i gotta sweeet ass lmao jk damn i need f n beer , shot , or < PROPFIRST > right now kinda pissed en need to get away from this fuckin place got daayumm ...... Lol but chyea someone hit ya girl up wit a text or some sheeyt lol 556-4794 
Is chyllin bouts call it a night en sleep for a few .. Well g night peeps lol keep it tight yall lmao get it lol jk jk 
happy bday cuz !... Ull forever be in our hearts ... damn i wish i wasnt havin a bummed out day ... 
chyllin < PROPFEMALE > wit muh homie hehe but chyea juss playin a game ... havin Fun ! despite being bummed out today .... All smiles for awhile hehe da bbys are juss cute en crazy together lol ...... ;) 
BRIT U KNO UR MUH GURL !! lol IM HaViN A BlaSt !! WiT ChA THanks FURr BRigHtEn UP MuH Day !!! Ur an AWESOME FRIEND !!! 
chyllin just watchin tv en gyea layin around ... Its nice as hell outside but gyea miserably hot in the house but whats up tonight everyone ??? 
Well hope everyone has a good mornin < PROPFEMALE > day imma bouts < PROPFEMALE > crash so check yall tmorrow af < PROPFEMALE > noon have an ace one till then hehe Peace eVrybodyy !! 
Evryboddy needs a break sometymess .... I know he hasnt been round for meh en my bby i juss wanna wish da bby d a hppy bday turned 21 ... even tho aint gun be round still wish ya da best ... Whatta mornin hehe all hot gen lol good aftanoon evrybody !!! Hehe 
hmm i wish i met this dimitri guy hmm he sounds so sensual en sexy ... All i can say is RawR lol im stuck in fantasy land right now hahaha sexy ass name dimitri lol hmmm .... 
chyllaxin bby bouncin back listenin < PROPFEMALE > some musik ... Bouts < PROPFEMALE > go smoke a few en get muh dance on lol haha jk bout da dancin lol maybe not ... Haha 
Seein stars .... Hmm dazed en confused ... Shyt dayum i dunno whata think prettii much in a daze bout the situation fuck y did i answer tha phone .... g mornin fbook peeps Peace .... 
illen at da crib juss rolled a few en now bout to go chyll outside its nice since its not hot out lol 
hmmm just went threw some old papers i had saved for awhile .... En i cant help but feel stunned en missin tha past ... Just read an peom someone wrote to me en yea i kinda miss em .... I dunno what to think when i read that peom ... hmm im so zoned en dazed right now .... 
good aftanoon peeps so whats the 420 on 420 niggazzz lol dis juss shawty got juss a lil sumtin , sumtin lol .... 
chyllin en illen wit deez crazy muthafuckazz i call muh cuzinz lmao hehe much luv to ya guyzz laughin my ass off en havin funn !! Back to bizz now hahhaaha ... 
Wonders why its it that , wait no offence to anybody but , chyea that the only guys that can spark a reall conversation without it bein sexual , sick , 3n overly sarcastic r gay .... Lol damn makes me wish i was guy lmao then maybe i wouldnt have such a hard tyme lookin for a man thats not afraid to be sweet en willin to treat u lika treasure u really r lol if that makes eny sence lmao 
whats up fbook its a beautiful day in tha abliss .. I so cant wait for 23th dam im gettin impatient lol gyea tryna configure my hustle today ... 
DAYUM LMFAO DEEZ NIGGAZZ CRAZY DEN HELL !! LOL they talkin some crazy fuckin sheeyt lol .... Havin a Good tyme right now ... 
nothin like watchn my bby sleep n enjoyin a good movie ;) but gyea enjoyn my tyme juss kickn back ... hope all is well fur ya fbookers !! :) 
I Miss da old days ... They were so much fun inna way lol ... Im lookin at his old photo en i miss him ... That sweet piece of < PROPFEMALE > i cant touch anymore ... Feeln stunned .... Lol 
A thousand eyes of fire , couldnt burn me down , n keep me from missin n seenin u ... They can judge me all they want , my feelins for u will always stay da same ... Hehe i love u always ... 
like omfg dayum !!! Its been like 2 months since his dad wanted to see him n last tyme his dad n other grampa came over tha fuckers said they were gunna try take my baby from me !!!! Like wtf n now they want him today day ??? Hmm i dont kno what to think or do !!! Mayne im inna dilemma right now , advice is open to me right now !!!!! 
Oh mayne i hvnt seen a cute sk8boarder since last year lol hm this ones not tht bad loL hm enjoyn sittn outside right now n checkn out da view .. \\n InNoCeNt*LoVe 
hmm today was so interrestin lmao hmm i cant wrap my mynd bout what happened today n i so cant wait till tomorrow for real tho first thing i been able to look forward to since next week tha 23 hehe 
Omg my bby took his first steps today on his own omg im so fricken proud of my baby boy sweetie pie !! hehe omfg i love bein mommi ;D \\n InNoCeNt*LoVe 
Juss got done watchn ( punisher : war zone ) that was a dope fricken movie but cant top the first punisher lol well i think haha but yea mite call it a night dunno yet tho kinda tired lol 
chyllaxin its a beautiful day hmm its good to say hehe me n my bby just chylln watch iceage < PROPFEMALE > of the dinos hehe 
chyllin listenin to some devildriver- bitter pill ..... badasss song haha in juss chylln smokin kicn back haha but gyea till then .... 
? I Dont Wanna Be UnuSual , But DerZ AlottA thingZz DaTt I Can SeE Meh DoiN tuu Yuu ..? Yuu sayy Yuu GotTa Work ToMoRrOw , Yuu Can MaKe It DoE , EvEn DoE DerZz PrOlLy < PROPFIRST > PlaCezZ We CoUlD Go .. We In Da StuDio ... oh oh ...? 
? I Dont Wanna Be UnuSual , But DerZ AlottA thingZz DaTt I Can SeE Meh DoiN tuu Yuu ..? Yuu sayy Yuu GotTa Work ToMoRrOw , Yuu Can MaKe It DoE , EvEn DoE DerZz PrOlLy < PROPFIRST > PlaCezZ We CoUlD Go .. We In Da StuDio ... oh oh ...? jammin to sum musyck !! hehe 
is thinking , If < PROPMALE > goes to school , what does that make < PROPMALE > ? \ It makes < PROPMALE > weiser . " 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? ( Copy and paste this to your status and see the warnings you get ) 
i could really use a cigerette lol . . . . damn its nice n < PROPFEMALE > out beautiful beautiful day i muss say hehe 
whata beautiful day to try to get a job lmao fuck feels like its gun be a nice hot day ... Haha so wish meh luck haha N Happy Birthday to BritnieZ lil Man < PROPMALE > ... Hope yall have a blast :D n hope i get a job haha .... 
Im starin into space right now ... disappointed how today turned out .. N thinkn where everyone went , n what i did to make them distant .. N why .... \\n*IdnTgiveaFuk * 
Is wonderin around lika lost puppy ... Lol someone come save me lol ... \\n*IdnTgiveaFuk * 
hmm today was yet a slow day lol juss sittn round n what not im glad i got some smokes tho .. i wish i had my money tho i hate waitn lol ..... 
Good night Fbrs well actualy i mean Good Mornin hehe but im off to bed my eyes r killn me so im takin it as a sign that i need to go to sleep lol but hope all is well wit Errybody :D 
wake n bake yay ..... MAN I MISSED OUT ON A DAMN INTERVEIW TODAY FUCK !!!! FUCKN SHITTY RECPTION AT MY MOMS FUCK !!!!! im so damn bummed :( i juss wanna cry :( :( whyyyyyyyyy !!!!!!! lmao yea watta why to start a day shit !!!!!!!! lol well damn .... 
my baby likes funyuns lol holay hes grubbn away i juss love him :D 
BOATSZ N HOESZ LMMFAO HAHA BBY GIRL HAHA U MAKE US WEE TAW DID LMAO WHATTA DAY LOL .... 
Im so in fantasy land again lol i so wish my fantasy reality was real lol always puttin hope n muh head ... Shweet dreams n shweet meanings hehe .... some one shake meh silly ... lol im livin in a dream haha ... 
Yeaa Dass Right Imma late Night txter , haha im so wyckedly in a blazed up haze , sometymesz i cant help but feel amazed waitn for new experiences .. \\n*Shweet*MeKa * 
postd thinkn bout how many tymes i actually got asked out lol ... I\ 
remember the only actual date i have ever went on was to roller world\ 
lmao all sad but adorable ,.. How do u spend tyme on a date if u dont kno\ 
wtf a real date is ?!?!.... lmao ?!? 
chyllaxin haven a burr bouts to roll up real swift den .. haha so lucky i didnt chicken out lol cuz i gotta burr outta bein brave lmfao good tymes good tymes lol 
Say this really fast { I , 1 , 2 , 1/2 , 6 } ' like ' if you get it ! lmaaoo 
am i single or not u answer me lmao i dont know wtf is a real rs is ....... 
Lmao fawk cant we all juss get along lmao arguein over fuckn food fuckn aye man damn she juss need to quit eggn shyt on dammit .... \\n*Shweet*MeKa * 
Chylln at da legion have a brew haha damn band sounds dope juss bout to start on dat brew hehe this is fun haha nice night so far ... If ur haven one have one fur me cuz im sure haven one for yall hehe !!!! 
umm if anyone has my celly number juss lose it lol i either lost it or it got jacked lmao thats funny but owe well payday today n e wayz !!!! 
Wake n bake Tyme last night was awesome got nice n baked chyllin wit brit n ash haha was tryna drink but then we got high lol 
CANT TINK BOUT WHAT TO DO . . . . . 
Hmmm . . . Gunna be bby free dis week end what to do . . . haha still tryna figure out what to occupie my tyme wit this weekend . . . Hope it pans out today . . . 
wuta friday night hehe havin fun kickn it haven a mix haha wish dey played some cooler musik tho haha jp but anyways hope everyone is havin a great night as well hehe 
Haha lol man im n da zone haha brb haha . . . . 
Lmao damn deez Lil boyz r nutty lol thass crazy . . . MAN I MISS MY LIL HUNBUN AUDY . . . :( 
YAY RL BOUND ! I CANT WAIT TO SNUGGLE WIT MY < PROPFEMALE > I MISSED HIM SO MUCH I CANT WAIT TO SEE DAT LIL MANS SMILE !!!! 
I love my self sum Smile Empty Soul . XD Im not even tired lol . . . 
Lmao u kno i kno your dancin round in your tighty whities Right ?!?!? lol . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Ryst go put some clothes on we can see your stains !!!! Lmmfao jp jp 
Haha lol damn used to stay up earlier then this haha tha humor is keepn me wake lol 
How is it you can be with someone yet still feel alone . . . Haha man thass sad . Lol 
I realized its good to refrain yourself from talkin about others when it comes down to it . It helps you grow and proves that some people are just better off dead to you and realize they werent worth the breath anymore . Ill forgive but ill never forget . 
Holay lol juss woke from a dead sleep and i had the most non existent dream ever . talk about snappin Back to reality . Haha it was about vampires oooo lol jp but my god i literally felt my blood bein suckd from my body that was to realistic i woke from my dream in a gasp . all oxygen and my blood Bein suckd dry . 
Man i need to get away just way to bummed right now . I wish i had an escape to bury myself in . I really want to be with him . Well i got to cuddle n watch him sleep for a while . He just needs to be home with me . 
Emotions right now are shot nothing i can do right now but try to keep my head up . And hope for a better situation to arise . I was so happy with the time i got to spend with him today . N Hopefully 2morrow we will get more time . I have a headache right now i should just sleep my time away Again so when i wake he`ll be here . At least he kno where his home n bed is n that when he saw me he was all smiles . 
WISH I HAD A SMOKN BUDDI ! I NEED A SMOKN BUDDI ! 
WHERES MY SMOKN BUDDIZ ME FEEL LONELY LMAO I WANT SOME COMEDY WIT MY SMOKE LOL I CANT SMOKE ALONE AGAIN :( lol if i smoke alone its no fun lmao end up talkin to myself as usual . LMFAO 
Warriors are on a roll .. way to team .. 
Yay i totally have my fone back n i didnt have to get a new one ! Then we went to tha volleyball game tha first game was awesome till they let #5 play ! THEN THE GAME WENT TO HELL . but its awesome i got my fone back ! 
Tryna taka nap wit my handsume lil beast but gyea hes to busy tryna watch t.v n pull my hair n crawl away haha hes crazi i jus love him . 
Chyllin got an half an hour left watching toy story 2 . n eating CHEEZ-IT's wit my baby boy then probly call it a night . But hope all is well with fb tonight . ;D 
Hmm well i worked out a couple issues that need to be taken care of with my sons father . I still dont have trust in him yet but hes goin to drop off them papers n wants to talk or sum . N i kinda dk what to do . . . . . 
Hmm would be nice to chyll with him again . maybe strike up a bigger conversation then before . maybe it wont be so awkward lol well wth ? but till then lol . . . . 
i miss my baby :( Hmmm n tomorrow seems like forever . thats funny how he can think ussume he could use me like that . Haha he must be blind n out his mind to think im that kind of person lol im no fool like dat . . . 
hmm i can admit i couldnt be happier about how everythin is turnin out n my son gets to come home today . I the happiest mommy in the world today ! I Missed him so much ! ;) 
This zombie is off to bed . Lol 
Needs affection but is in a tug of war between our hearts . Why must i always get myself in these predictaments . Haha most ive been confused in years . . . . 
Here i go , this is my confessional . A lost cause , nobody can save my soul . I am so delusional with every move i die . . . On the floor , im just a zombie , who i am is not who i wanna be , im such a tragedy with every move i die . . . 
Well well well look what problems my web has caught now , im not to sure he'll survive the poison coated kiss thats instore for his delicate pure heart . . . . . . . i kno now im not his curse but his sweet addiction . . . . 
Pour some sugar on me . . . Ooo in the name of love . Pour some sugar on me . . Ooo Come on and fire me up . . . Pour your sugar on me . . . Ooo i cant get enough . . . Haha i got that stuck in my head haha 
O EM G ! Haha i underestimated my expectations haha it was awesome i just wish i had more time that was fun . 
We are always runnin for the thrill of it , the thrill of it . Always pushin up the hill searchin for the thrill of it , thrill of it . 
I smoke , I drink , I do my thang , I'm livin in my own world . And if they hate , I let them , who gives a fawk . And they wanna about what i do . I'm livin in my own world , I chill back and I spread Peace en Love . <3 
Well today couldnt of gotten any worse . Had plans today but their mad So im broke again . Geez i need a cig . . . . . . 
Why must i always feel bummed when my baby is gone away . . . Hmm what to do . . . . 
Well whata beautiful weekend lol beautiful sober weekend im so glad about where this is goin haha 
Mmmm yummy gun have frybread tacos nummy . . . . Haha hope all is great with all have a great day everyone ;) 
Dude i wanna c paranormal activity 2 that looks good haha 
My secret i love country music ;) haha whats a secret u always wanted ppl to know ?. . . . . . . LOL some secret eh ? LOL 
< PROPMALE > FOR PROM < PROPMALE > HEZ GOT ICE CREAM LMAO DONT EVEN GO TO SCHOOL LOL VOTE FO DA MEXICAN COYOTE JP LUV YA BRAH . LOL 
Damn lol i dont know why this popped in my head but i remember havin trip out spells happen to me when there was a wicked thunder storm . Especially when all the yard lights went out . Startd tripn to the point where i thought zombies were gun pop outta no where . LMFAO man whata imagination i had lmao . . . . 
Holay i need to get ready then head out to more awkward situations but maybe ill get passd it again 
Look at that half a < PROPFEMALE > . . . . . . . . lol aj pull up your pants lmao jp but its a nice october night hehe 
I so cant wait for my sis inlaw has my lil niece :) bb < PROPFEMALE > im excited to be an auntie . Hehe i still cant believe < PROPMALE > is gun be a dada . 
Good mornin famz n frenz hope its a beautiful day for all :) n i hope are warriorz kick < PROPMALE > booty at brooklyn center taday . I So wish i coulda went to the game . GO TEAM GO Hehe 
Was Thinkin bout my past back when i was in school . i wish i would of went out for sports . I wanted to but wanted to be an artist . . . . wonder if they would of gotten me somewhere ?? Lol artist wise . Not sports . Lol 
I wnt 2 sneak away n have a few since my babys at his dadyz . . . Hmmm but where to ? I Tink imma wonder to that one place lol so prolly gun leave da celly home n dip out haha hope everyones havin a goodnite ;) 
Haha that was so funny i got a lecture from my gramps about my health and smokin n he was all Acting serious bout it . Then alil while later he gives me some money for sum smokes lol hes jus crazy i jus luv him lol 
LMAO Im sorry i fell in your hole ! It was fun tho lmao whata night . :D 
Damn last night was f'n fun . Did some semi-illegal stuff lol that was funny tho lmao to top it off i fawkin fell n a hole . N that was a big hole lmao lucky i didnt wake up sore that was 2 crazie . LOL 
Im thinkin maybe ... I can't have relationships . Cause lately there not making any sence . And baby your the one thing on my mind , but that change anytime . . . . 
Sometimes i think to myself \wtf were you thinkn ? \ " then the other opinion in my head pops up . \ " Sheeyt it was f'n Fun tho right ? \ " Lol O < PROPFEMALE > G imma dork lol ;D " 
T . G . 0 . D . . . . uh huh you kno what it is , everythin i do , i do it big . Uh huh screamin , dass nuthin . Pull out da lot nigga dass stunnin . . . 
Lol my baby is eatn pears n chicken lol wonder where he gets these weird food combos lol 
Is so totally goin baby blue when i get paid . Miss being the colorful buttafly i used to be . . . 
Who ever hasnt tried dill pickle chips w/jalepeno cheddar dip . Has got to try it they're the bomb lol n its not weird lol cuz their delicious hehe ;) 
BFMV- Your betrayal . . . . . I F'N LOVE BFMV !! 
GIVE ME YOUR HEROS , YOUR SINNERS , N SAINTS . . . . . I Can't lie i love Ozzy 2 lol well not literally lol just his music lol 
Watching beavis and butt-head do < PROPFEMALE > . Lmao and it popd n my head i met a couple guys that act like butt-head lmao havent met a beavis yet lmao dont think i want to either lmao 
Aww i juss <3 love <3 my Babe Audric Kylanlee Jourdain . He can fall asleep to me singing . Lol Crashes out no matter how bad i sing .. . . . . . . 
WOW was startin to be a great day , until the feeling like its going to be a lonely lonely weekend overwhelmed me . . . Man hopefully they dont ask for him i cant stand the lonely days without him . . . 
Omg im so bored . . . 
Just got done cleanin lol n they said imma make it storm so hope fully that dont happen lol jp but yay goin get muh bby in a < PROPFEMALE > . I Missed him so much yay ! 
well i didnt make it storm but sure made it sprinkle lol watchin my munchkin get into everything lol 
Omg hes a damn good grower < PROPFEMALE > thought HG could be so damn good . The taste was so yummy n was chylln so high the sky was the limit . . . gyea i would do it all over again hehe 
I cant believe hes trying that bad to make me happy . It makes me question his motives . Like hello who are you n what have you done with that GUY i once knew . I Dont kno but i am loving it . Ba dawt dawt da da . . . LOL 
Are you the type to be open minded . Or closed minded ? . . . . . . . Me personally im openminded with an urge to let it be known Openmindness is better then to be caught up in solitude thinkn i wish i could of spoke my mind . 
Oh how i love halloween well got stuff to do tomorrow . 
Man i wish my fone would let me put my pics up lol thats jus cute audric is sleepin huggin his stuffd monkey aww i jus love my baby . :) 
Is very nervous . Im Sorry i really am but dude im nothing special . Everything will get better then i will cease to exisit . Just another fading memory . . . . . 
you make the rain fall , cause your so beautiful , that its painful , yea you told me that you were an angel , but i already know what you came for you make the rain fall . . . 
Well imma call it a mornin n crash i gots busy sheeyt to do tomorrow . . . Gnite i mean Gmornin fb peeps ;) 
I Dont kno why . . . . . . 
OMG DEER RIVER VOLLEYBALL TEAM IS FUCKING BEAST ! DAMN NOW THATS A REAL VOLLEYBALL GAME !!! 
Wild Turkey yum haha doin it up punisher style haha 
Well today was a long day gun call it a night mite be home tomorrow missed my audric allday . Well to thy frenz have a goodnight n pce . 
ya i can tell just by looking at you , you gotta little weiner , and < PROPFEMALE > nutz . . . . . . Lmfao . 
wow what a wild night . Only wished i coulda wilded out to haha jp . I Love looking forward to doing new stuff with my son :) so hopefully treat street today if his dad aint to hungover n is still goin to take us . If not for sad . Lol 
Happy Halloween Every one ! My spidaman is crashd n dis juggalette is off to keep it wicked . Haha wish this day would never end . 
Oh how the night slowly passes by , makes me wonder n question why . But in the end its something to visiualize . Very curious on how this weekend is goin to be . Hopefully dope . . . . 
6 1/2 Or 7 inches :( 
I want to go back in time and do alotta things different haha but HYKEZ ! Lol 
His lips , His lips , i could kiss them all day if he'd let me . 
Thinks that the geraffi on Madagascar is a bad influence for kiddiez . Ya lets show a geraffi with a pill addiction . To our little kidz thats real cartoon entertainment . lmao i have to throw it away when he get older n notices wtf that geraffi dose lmao . 
My conv wit muh gma ! : me : green peppers wit meatloaf ? ( Gma : Yeah its good like that ! Now i gotta grab my weed . ( she gose to the pantry , grabs a bag of dehydrated crushed up green peppers . ) Gma : now thats my weed go grab your papers n lets try sum . . LMMFAO that was nutty ! 
Sunday is going to Suck . Ah just another day . Bouts to go freeze fo a cig haha 
Boi have you lost your marblez ?!? Lol 
Oh how i miss my audy . I miss my lil Teddybear . Couple more dayz :) i cant wait ! 
Needz a partner n crime . My last one got 2 burnt out n she no Stoner no mo . Lol Damn you only quiterz quit lol i aint worried < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > gun convince her to hit it again one day haha but im still outta a partner n crime still illegal fos six mo hours haha 
Thankz fur da birfday commentz every1 lol all kinda late but thanXz ! Hehe 
Your like a drug that i cant stop taking , that addiction that i cant stop craving ..... 
Why aint i something to you ? U straight make meh feel lika spedassole lmao no good i guess ! 
Whats eating you ? 
I miss someone that dont miss me . Haha 
MMMMMM TaCo Salad TaCoZ YuMmY My GramZ is AwEsOmE ! N funny hahaha 
YES I GOOGLED . . Haha 
Boutz < PROPFEMALE > blaze one for sum healthy Zzz's hehe gotz stuff to do tomorrow . N Tonight has brightened up these pass few days n i had fun < PROPFEMALE > lkin n cruisen round blazen . Hmm wonder what 2morrow will bring when im free ;) 
N Were doin it punisher style hahaha 
Hello Long haired Cutie witta booty haha A- why you lik guys wit long hair ? Me- i loves hot guys wit long hair their naturally sexy A- i asked u why u dork !?!. . . . . . . . LMAO Either im blonde or dat aint a straight answer lmao 
Yay i get to runaway tonight haha if dey dont chicken out lol but so far its on Biaz ! Hahaa 
MmMmMmMmMm DILL PICKLE CHIP N JALEPENO DIP HERE I COME YUM OH N IMMA GROW WINGS N REDBULL AWAY HAHA 
SRY FRIENDS I ONLY KNO ENGLISH N REZ TALK , A lil bit of spanish , a few words of French n < PROPMALE > . But i perfer u talk to me in English ! LOL 
Listenin to Dope ! N ugh ... Lil man musta got ahold of it cuz its skippin :( Hmmm how Dope reminds me of my wild younger dayz haha n i want to cause trouble again ;P 
* OH Sheeyt , Itz On Like Donkey KoNg ! IM OUT HAVE A GREAT NIGHT FB PEEPZ . Unless i pop in to say hi ! LOL 
Stopin in < PROPFEMALE > say hi ! N Im off once again fo da night ! one mo All Nighter haha ! YaY ! Then my honeyz comin home 2Morrow cant wait but im out < PROPFEMALE > hurr !!!! lol 
My Son likez FunYunz hehe gets it from mamaz side lol luvz my lil audric hehe :D 
WEEDS how I love u so ! 
OEMGEE WEEDS WAS F'N EPIC Cant wait for the next season ! Now a dose of the Big C ! Luv em ! 
I KNO YOUR HATRED FOR ME LMAO U THINK I CARE HAHA KRYST MOVE ON UR NOT AN ISSUE OR A < PROPFEMALE > 2 ME N HAVENT BEEN FOR LIKE EVER ! LMAO 
needs a moke pce for now all smilez n a big ass Cheers ! Haha 
What should i do today ? 
Wow i surprise myself sometimes lol blonde moment lol 
Smoken dat hydro , take a hit from the blunt yeah boy u know whats up . Haha caught < PROPMALE > pretty good . 
DREAMING IN RED 
Audric woke from a bad dream just playd his fav rammstein song n hez back to sweetdreams . Hmm i should take that que n crash 2 so goodnight quiet fb . 
Lol damn nigga whatchu on !?! I want sum lmfao jp im good . Haha new clip fo the memoriez haha 
Wonder what surprises r n store for me after mite have to take a nap then wake up n find out lol 
He's that place between heaven and hell , The love givin straight from heaven and the situations we have straight from hell , But in the middle enjoying our deepist desires n those spontanious reactionz . 
ten on sumin n nothin to do . chillin all alone with plenty time to spare . mmhmm it makes me wish someone was here . : b 
\What happened to your pants !? . . . . . * Uh your boyfriend has em ! \ " lol thats crazi . " 
LMAO hes sittn round here wit soft palms !. . . * Shit Nigga You C deez Calouses ! * spose when hez done he wipez hiz hands off wit hiz knit cap ! LmMfAO ! NEW MIX Half N Half BUDLIGHT N CAPTIN ! * Tastes Preety Good ! * Crazy Ass !!! MAz Crazi ! 
Damn why cant i wake up hungover . Alwayz gotta snap outta it half shot las night was fun tho lol . 
Mmm wonder if its hangover soup lol sounds preety good right now lol 
AwWw the big C made me want to cry . Now weeds again . :) Wish i coulda got to know my sperm daddy . Lol but seriously wonder what it would of been like having my father in my life . Well at least he was aware of me . 
mmhmm yup yup 
WHOz got 5 ? i got 5 lol letS match it up lmao 
* tootie fruity ! ! TOOTIE FAWKIN FRUITTY !!! Lol waitin n that just popd in my head lmao 
Waitin for my little love ! Mmhmm ! 
Lol im smart haha got some spicy chicken out the freezer got ready to put sum in the oven . THEN go to put the rest away , kryst here i go in almost put the frozen chicken in tha PANTRY ! Lol n my gramz look at me n sayz Gawd your just like your granpa lol so funny . LOL 
I need a back massage lol dat niggy better get over here n do tha damn thang haha . JK i do need one tho . 
Damn never knew he loved me that much he said he never lookd for any1 else after me i think hes the one . . . . 
Lil man just brushed his teeth now were off to bed goodnight every1 :D 
Damn were gun go 4wheelin threw this awesome Weather !! Should be fun lol 
Its like salt in an open wound , painful yet pleasurable ,. . . Hahaa 
< PROPFEMALE > makes you Dandy Haha Abra Kadabra < PROPFEMALE > . Haha 
I Love that my baby loves to cuddle when we watch his fav movies . 
My SON IS Fawkin AweSome ! He was Headbangin N Dancing to DOPE !!! Awww he make me Proud !!! Love my lil Audi 
Im Higher then Hell , Looking at heaven below . Happy Turkey Day Every1 !! N Have a GoodNight :D 
FAWK TODAY IS ALL I GOTTA SAY . but have a good turkey day everyone . 
Bouta get Higher then Hell , to look at Heaven below . Gunna go Smoke n forget today ever happened . Oh n do dishes when i get back lmao Tyy-Ya lmao oh well at least theyre will be peace in the once hostile enviornment lol 
* Sigh . . . . . 
Why ! Its just to sad R.I.P Unkle < PROPFIRST > !!! Were going to miss you n we luv you . N Happy birthday GRAMMA ! i wish you some happiness on this sad day . Wow never expectd to wake up like this 
Beautiful insomnia hmm have alot on my mynd . Spose i can try to sleep . . . . sigh . . . . . 
really sum cool peepz ridin round wit no lights on der car blastin sum madd maxxx ! Lol really dope aha 
mmhmm its time to sleep now . hope me n my bby get to see him this time N chill , goodnight all for real . :) 
Lmao i always knew he took it in the chili ring lmao . . . . 
Its funny how peepz get butt hurt over lil jokes lmao . 
I was txtn while going to have a smoke en here i walkd into tha damn wall lol only me haha . 
Stoners live , stoners die , on a daily basis we all get high , grab your Papers , grab your < PROPFEMALE > , i say Fuck the World lets smoke all nite long , puff , puff , pass , Keep it in line here mafucka smoke this joint of myne . ~ cannabis lover ~ 
Always the only one up this late over here . i think its finally tyme to get to bed . . . But of course in a < PROPFEMALE > goodnight everyone sweet dreams :) 
k i regret cutting my hair lol its a nice day out ! to bad we couldnt use tha car pusssez to scared cuz its icy out lol best tyme to go 4wheelin !!! 
Drivers < PROPMALE > car got into an accident on 89 almost lookd lik they ne < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > the jaws of life . Roads r slippery shouldnt of been spe < PROPMALE > ing . Hope theyre okay tho . 
Aww he told me my bby boi misses me n peeks down stairs then says mama all sad like . :( Miss my audy cant wait to be with him . 
Smokin then gun clean so then me n my bby can go chill with my babe :) i love that my bby n babe get along so great n that my bebz likes him . 
Misery must be your friend since your fueling so much jealousy , thought u werent the jealous type , Move on en get ur mind right . lol waitn on tha babe . ;) 
I always missed these feelings he makes me feel . Goodafternoon my love . Aha made me feel great today . Todays gun be a good day . Hehe :D 
I love when u buy the right shampoo N After a shower ur hair smells so delicious n it feels so soft hehe wonder why it takes forever for my hair to dry . . . 
Its weird and funny how he knows im giving a fake smile :) 
Muh babe got paid yay wonder whats in store for us today hmmm mmm burger < PROPMALE > lol right away food lol 
I wish i had zerophilia lol best of both worlds aha 
Butterflies dont compare to these chills lol 
I shoulda quit smoken weed when i did quit smoken . Cause when i did quit i kno wasnt haven these bullshit mood swings . Lol gawd im pissed . Lol 
Omg . I Have hate in my head right now . 
Wow . P.O.B I.F.H.I.H 
My beb loves dem pizza rolls . to bad i aint a big fan of em lol 
What a nice day err . . . 
LMAO he got < PROPFIRST > over me postin comments on guy's fbz status's lmmfao funny 
This Plane- by : Nipsey Hussle <3 
I Know a Place we can go ..... Where you can be yourself ,... where you ain't gotta worrie ,... en we ain't gotta rush , cause we not in no hurry ................ You can't be afraid to let go ,... You gotta let go of yourself ,... but you ain't gotta worrie ,... Cause dis gonna take some time but we not in no hurry . . . . . . . . <3 
Wow shes ah dirty butthole lmao chili ring better get back to her chili dawg lmmfao juss playin lmao me n audy still luv u spedass :P u better gowan < PROPFEMALE > bed lol 
Well off 2 bed . Hopefully tha status jealousy will be over 2morrow lol Nyy Nyte every1 hope yall have sweet dreams :) 
yay hes over the status jealousy but the lil games hes playin right now r kinda makin me mad . :P Hope i dont let him get to me . LOL 
Well imma plot to move till new years hopefully . 
Bustin the bad boy ! Lol bad boy bad boy whatcha gun do ? Whatcha gun do when i come for You ! LOL Chasen My Naughty Audy round for his bath lol silly baby Jus Love you !! LOL 
Damn havent been up this early since i cant remember lol GOODMORNIN EveryOne !!! 
Lmao when i saw that bia like that < PROPFEMALE > first thing that poppd in my head was Bitch You Aint REAL ! Lmfao !! First funny of tha day lmao ! 
Yay get 2 own again tonight n dang audric has a bad whip lol ima have to post a pic of it lol 
Wow what a restless night . Still up ,... thinkn bout makin sum coffee , maybe watch sum news for once lol but goodmorning every1 . 
That was fun chillin wit muh cuzzos MJ en Dougi moo lol Now bouta get ready to go shopping . Great start to an awesome day :D 
damn been awhile since i chylld on dis comp lol cant use this keyboard worthshit lol jp 
<3 He's such a believer (: sweet sinner make these Innocents disappear lik an angel crossed over , by the devils wings she has over fear'd , her wings have been clipped her halo broke in 2 , views of love and death , sealed in a lovely hollow poem made by a sinners prayer , a sinners deadly < PROPFEMALE > <3 thy love is dead but thy love is true . A sinner or saint which one are you ?. . . . 
That chapter is complete :D Lots of ups n downs , but so ready to start the next one . Lovin it :D Wow Nah more lik Whoa hehe ........ <3 A.K.L.J * <3 * AJ <3 Love you boys till the end , ;) goodnight every1 n world . 
Yup shes right imma lovable Dweeb lmao 
MMMmmm muh gammaz chili n frybread is freaking Awesome ! Munch mode then prolly smoke ;P Oh n yay he came kissed my crabby ass n said he was sorry awww cant stay mad at him for long maybe just overnight tops lol awesome day so far . ;D 
Aww my audric has just been crabby here hes teething his fangs r coming out n i put sum baby orajel on em n he bit me harder then hell lol aww my baby :) 
Any matchables ? lol Inbox me 
Chylln wit my homie Branz n her Sista < PROPFEMALE > bouta have a good tyme ;D 
Need sum more jrinkin buddyz lol whutz up peepz lol 
Come on now every1 aint that drunk yet i hope not lol :P 
chylln house sittin waittin for my babe to come smoke me up jammin out while my lil man rests his sleepy head ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland <3 love that my son needs me to hold him to rest his sleepy head :) very good day n night . 
Well its a sad day my lil man is just sick i really hope he gets better . I Wish i was the one sick n not him . 
Lol dam thats crazy i had a dream n 7 people on friends list were in it haha that was nutty n i still remember it lol 
Aww how cute all he wants for christmas is me . . . . LOL again cute but funny aha . . . 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERY1 YAY DAY 2 ! GET TO OPEN HELLA MORE GIFTS AUDY IS GUN HAVE ALOT OF FUN MY < PROPFEMALE > REALLY SPOILD MY BEB N DAM DID HE EVER GET ALOT OF GIFTS THIS YEAR ! ! ! YAY 
Imma < PROPFEMALE > little penguin , waddlin here , waddlin there , got that stuck in my head haha my lil bebs toy . 
Nothings worse than doing nothing ........... Lol turned on the radio n thats the first thing it said chyllin n the car smoken ah < PROPFIRST > haha 
Sum Good smoke n Great lovins , all i need aha cant wait to chill wit my < PROPFEMALE > , tonights the night love fam tyme ;D 
Who the hell acts like an asshole , just cause they they catch a babys sickness , i kno it sucks being sick but thats fucking retarded guess only them . That just P.M.O 
My mornin started out good got to visit wit my fam[ily ] <3 audy was just happy . <3 
Well today was good cleand house tryna relax but is really bored doing nothing . 
Hopefully its the next best thing . 
Imma slow poker lol 
Haha im the bad guy again . Shits the same ol story with him , haha fuck him and them . Aint nothin but two faced bia anyways lol 
Wow wish i didnt answer my fone . But thought that niggy was dien blowin up my fone like that lol . Oh well knew there was gun be at least one more dramatic event before the year is over lmao . 
Well off 2 bed again lil mans prolly goin to sleep till the afternoon since the rude awakening . Hmmm ill prolly put him to sleep n lay here n think gotta alot on my mind . Golly 
Happy new years < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ry1 i hope u's have fun . N stay safe :) 
woke up quarter to nine n i gotta admit im feelin fine , kinda cold but its all good . Waitin on my lil babe to wake from his slumber n later on in da day , sure to have a number yippy n tadays fam trip is gun be fun today is a good day . Oh n if u had the #4071713 lose it lost my fone beginning of the year 1-1 but imma have a new one yay but damn fone #5 hope it lasts haha n again today is a good day ;D <3 
hmm i dont see fun in forever , just in the moment ;D lovin this job chyll mode ryte now thinkin bout takin a break already ahaha ;P 
Off work . Yay think imma blaze again aha love it ;D 
Hello 
forgot i got a new phone finially lol some1 hit me up wit sum digits lol 
Munchie tyme lol 
Hmm i dunn wanna go to work aha but it is taday need to smoke sum mo be 4 i do tho aha 
FACK FACK FACK FACK !!!!!! LOL 
today work is bleh lol jp it was ight cant wait for 20 mo mins then its blaze tyme 
Broke ass nigga tryna make ah bitch holla , in tha fight for my life , i was right in my hype , hope you like what i write , cuase im right in my life , mite wanna fight cause i wanna bigger bite , : 0 aha love it 
lol my son is really ace dancin just cool to \i'm bad- by < PROPFIRST > jackson\ " on MegaMind lol " 
Somethings gotta give ... Aha :P okay today just chyll mode hehe 
damn i wish i didnt miss snookies wwe match fuckin turnd it to tha show last < PROPFEMALE > .. Aha cant wait til wrestle mania !! Hmm anywho thinkin bout finishin gettin ready btown bound wit the babe today :) 
I hope they serve beer in hell ... Crazy fukn movie aha 
Damn drug dog scared the ef outta meh lmao im all good now tho lol stashd da chit before i got busted aha sum shit ....... 
damn the mall didnt even open yet lmao 
Damn hes fucked !!! Awkward situation once again ah-hem Bullshit !!! N other wordz WTF !!! 
Just got off work to nuttin but bullshit ! Just jumped off tha shuttle from work n got accused off drinkin WTF IS THAT SHIT !!!! 
i smoke , i drink , ohhhh you can bet that . Aha love dat song you can bet that aha 
mutha ef i need a stoogie .... Likee bad like reeeall bad aha lol seems lika good day besides needin a stoogie ..... 
Jersey shore on Demand yay missed out on alot ... :) 
Blazen one , always love it :) hope yall keep ur heads up cuz they'er lookin down on us with love :) 
Gawd i wish today wasnt the way it was . But guess thats what happens when everythins twisted . Man wish ur eyes were open i wouldnt do that to my baby . When i say imma get him stuff he needs i aint goin to ignore his needs . I did exactly what i said i was gun do . 
blazen by my self cuz every1z 2 fawked up ... Lol 
shawty had enough ... Shawty needs some space best believe imma do me tired bein the only one that wants it to work ..... 
dope ass ride < PROPFEMALE > work damn im blazed n we blazen aha ... This was a big upper n smilez fa realz ... :) 
Nice fawkin buzz from work thankz tiff :) awesome tho nice to drink alil :D whoop whoop :D !!!!! 
well gun call it a night dis shawty gotz work tomorrow lol aha :P tonight was dope GoodNight Everyone :D 
Yup what a night lol .... 
feelin ight now lol thats it eh ?? < PROPFEMALE > dat bipolar shyt is blah ?!? Sicka bipolar bitches ... lmao funny 
* < PROPFEMALE > whats better then sex ??? * she says- weed !!! No wait angry make-up sex !!! * me- why u angry if ur making up ?? Lmfao dat was nutty 
is in a relationship similar to chelseas off of teen mom 2 lol funny :P Jersey Shore Tyme .... An inna bit it will be T-shirt tyme aha :P 
damn at work it must be hard for every1 to look at a fuckin schedule n tell me what time im fuckin scheduled , like put tha damn fone down n go fuckin look then go back to tha fone n tell em what effin time their scheduled wtf !!! 
X so cant wait till fall ... Aww i wonder how the night is gun be .. Better be ight i hope lol wish my schedule was the same i could of been home wit my babe , was hopein i could stay home wit him loves my audric kylanlee <3 
boom boom even brighter then the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > cuz baby yur a firework :) .... 
Hmm me needs a hug ... He just makes me so sad ... Me needs my baby audy .... 
last dance wit < PROPFEMALE > ... :) 
OMFG I LOVE TODAYS PAYDAY !!!!! Yeaaa boyyy !!!! 
Damn tonight wreslting was dope damn lost count of how many blunts we smoked now thats what you call a sessh aha loved it :) 
fn work lol well its all g aha 
Last dance with < PROPFEMALE > .... One more time to kill the pain ... Hehe love it <3 
Yay one more smoke :D !!!..... Until tomorrow :(( ... Its whatever tho lmao ... 
damn eh lol imma fail my body couldnt hold down dat shyt .. ahh fuck it lmao .... 
i think thats what facebook is bout just sayn whats on ur mind . u cant handle reading someones posts fuckin delete em n simple as that lmao ... No need to have a bitch fit over a f'n post aha its just funny when i read shit like that lmfao ... 
having some AweSome chicken dip , n crackers !!!! Theyr fn bomb :) yummy !!! 
wish i had a smoke ... 
Just chylling wit my lil fam lol babys playn n were chyllin <3 i love it . :D it was an awesome day took the bby on a cruise in the prowler it was awesome he got to drive !!! Lol 
Scratch that it takes the fun right outta it ..... 
fuck this sucks to sad to the point where im pissed right now ... 
haha im single again cause im money hungry ahahaha !!! All i got from him was food lmfao ... Dose that mean im money hungry lmfao fuck him n his money haha !! Made it without him once can do it again !!!! 
Well tonight was a good one compared to the day , i got to visit my < PROPFEMALE > that was ace :) , n i got an awesome call from muh gurls a < PROPFEMALE > nda n dezi sayn dey miss me yay !!! Miss yall 2 !!! lol n travy n < PROPFEMALE > ri saved me from a wicked headache thanks everyone for < PROPFEMALE > kin my day worth while when at first it sucked lol 
Its a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day gotta apply lots of hair spray lmao jk well cant wait to c how the day gose i hope smoothly lol :) 
WISH THEY WOULD QUIT FUCKIN WIT FACEBOOK MOBILE THE BITCH IS PISSING ME OFF !!! LOL 
my friday n im lazyer den hell lol 
Turned my lil man into a zombie or should i say Zomboi lol me n him slept all day ' well basically tha whole day n half the night away :) wide awake now lol juss me n him <3 love my son :D 
Aww that sucks !!! Fn ayesss mannn got the mad munchies but think im gettin sick got sum blast o butta popcorn n i cant even taste it fawwkk lol ow well spose i can fill my belly without tastebuds lmao 
well my crabby frown was turned upside down :) i just love my lil man . My morning went from being blah to wicked smiles hehe untill i leave for work :( aww enjoyin the time while it lasts hehe ... :) :D :) 
well todays the same aint to much n dat happy mood ... Kinda sucks cause i dont feel like myself ... 
Happy Mafawkin 420 peoplez !!! :P aha n goodnight lol 
Well i went to bed early yesterday lol woke up to wish sum happy 420z hehe n i woke up alil bit ago thought i was going to get sick again but yay happy to say todays gunna be a good day !!! I feel like myself hehe n its 4 fawkin 20 maybe dass why hahaha jp ... not !!! Lol feelin good at the buttcrack of < PROPFEMALE > !!! Lmfao good 420 day evry1 !!! :D <3 
Complainin bout it aint gun do shit lol love it or leave it nobody said you have to go wit sumthin you aint down wit . Lmao yup im myself today n it feels good lol :D 
popped in to say ny-night lmao goodday :) peep yall 2morrow :) 
lmao tryna bring me down . bitchez im standin my ground n if shit happenz shit happenz i aint gun be fake bout it . Gotta prob wit me u think i giva fuck lmao i still be laughin in ur face n today if im goin out , i dont give a fawk !!! Imma go out wita bang . A big bang lmao :) aint down wit fake peepz . Juss bein real :) yup yup :) 
lmmfao broad tryna say i cant phase her . guess i sure did lmmfao da bia blockd me lmao n all i was doin was bein real lmao well shit shoulda never startd talking shit in the first place n sweetie im not a hater i dont hate lmao takez alot to hate lmao well shit eh talk shit n cant handle bein told the truth dirrty bia roist lmao 
happy wabooz day ahaha !! :) love yous fam(ily ) n frenz have a dope day :) 
what a beautiful day :) 
The ugly truth love it :) 
the miz is a lil bitch !!! Aha :P 
Cant eat n haven chest pains fuck this suck !!! 
Omgeee what a way to spend my last day off up at the buttcrack of < PROPFEMALE > sucky !!! Lol oh well early bed time today hehe :) 
ooohhh emmm geeee i need to spark one up lazy today lol n im in loooovvveee lol :P 
Wow who woulda thunk . Sad but i seen it comin 
im so bored !!!!! :P 
Come real or not at all :) i had fun at work sober den hell doe lol n still managed to make a good day outta it hehe fa real ? Yupperz niggeyz yeaaaa boyyy hope fully tomorrows da same :) 
lmfao dramama this shitz nutz lmfao !!!!!! 
me n tiffy < PROPFIRST > bein sum bad bitchez aha almost broke dat old manz hip wit dat ughhh !! Tryna look at me n say lmfao ickkkk riiight back att him lol . 
i kno its kinda late but happy mothers day to my momma n gramma !!! I Love you ladiez so much ! thank yous for never giving up on me :) n happy mothers day to all my mamiz out thur hope its was the best for you all :) ny night everyone :D 
Im in da air , high in da air !! :) 
Cabo Wabo mixez n patron shotzz tonight with my babe :) yup yup loven it !! ;D !!!! 
For some reason i wanna go off like < PROPFIRST > griffin singin da bird is the word . The bird , the bird , the bird , bird , bird , bird , the bird , the bird , the bird is the word !!! :P 
PAT'RON shotz wit my hunny < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :P n i have work tomorrow BOO !!!!! lol jp 
Off werk n on my way home had a good day . N gunna go home n smoke put some music on my cute lil nanopod well hopefully i can .... 
im in need of sum shotz when i get home lol ahh my bottle anyway but gyea just a debate i dunno tho lol 
Damn gotz work n the p.m lol :P but its all good itza great night wit my babe had fun today chasen my bby on hiz 4wheeler n haven a blast wit my boo :P wish i didnt have work doe :) hope i find a ride too work tho need me my hangova smoke :) gyeaaa !!!! 
i swore i seen a pelcan wit a lil black hat on lmao :P n im not trippin i dont think lol 
Congrats to my little bro < PROPMALE > !! Your offically out dat bitch hope you have a safe n dope fuckin night little brother MLA Love me n audy <3 
Holy muthaEff !!! I hate when i think im txting good , send it then reread what i wrote only to find i forget words n sound dumb lmao it even makes me laugh lol 
Cant wait till wed !!! Me n my babe gunna go out n socialize !!! Hehe its gunna be fun i hope !! 
Haha my man tried to fuck up our night but sorry babe our nights just beginin it just made a sour stop for our night . But somethin sour always can be sweetened :) im a bitch but im the sweetedt bitch youll kno aha !!! :P 
Where the parties this thursty thursday lol 
Tiffys AWESOME 
Sequeerity guard 
well im happy to be home wit my baybay boy :D bout to get in my < PROPFEMALE > mode , addy is restin n < PROPFEMALE > is out to to be that weird insomniac :) happy to be home with him !!! n three days off after tomorrow . Gunna hafta get my hustle on one of those days if i can :) 
Well time for that shut eye lol gotz my bby all mornin n then work in the pm lets see how this gose ... 
damn they mita been late but there was a reason i gave them a specific time to be there to get him . Sad but damn oh well off for a another night of work blah :p 
Man its wack right now :( im getting cold . N i wanna moke damn these couple dayz sucked wonder who saw passed the fake smiles ... Well all in all it sucks being alone ..... 
it gose to show how much he loved me ... Lol over a night thass whats on my mind .... Guess being devoted didnt mean shit ... But oh well ..... 
Holy fuck im freezing !!!! I wanna go to sleep n be wit my baby !!! But hikez she fucked my night up with my baby !!!! I really need to get my own place this is fucked up !!!! Fuck wish i was drunk so i wouldnt feel like im freezing my ass off !!!!! 
Man i dunno what to do lost alotta things n just dont know how to feel material or not its still a bummer !! 
day 5 n still nothing its bullspit lol 
Still thinking of him . I wish i wouldnt ... The wounds will never heal after its all said n done ... But i can handle being hated . Its not like he hasnt hated me before . Even if its forever , cause at least im thinking bout my audy first and foremost . His happiness is more important then hurtin him with our hatred for each other .... N thats all that matters aha ... Mysterious but serious .... 
wow what a day so far n i gots work lol spose me n my audy bear can get up n quit bein lazy lol had a great three day weekend with him tho :) hehe i love my lil naughty audy hehe mamiz honeybunny :) 
krama sucks huh ?? Lol oh well lies are lies fuck em cause at least you'll know who you are and what ur standing for !! My motto of tha day :) off to work now lol wonder what trouble is waiting for me today :) 
OMFG !!! LOL just got done listenin to some < PROPFEMALE > my hips dont lie n omg reminded me of Rowdyz crazy ass dancing n singing that song !!! He was dope lmao can picture his tall skinny 8 packd abz dancin to it again damn miss those days !!! Lol such goof ballz back then hahaha !!! 
lol well my nights great n im off < PROPFEMALE > bed wit my lil love hehe so goodnight muh facebooka hookazz lol jk but have a good one :) !!! 
Chyll wit da gurlies mixin sum n < PROPMALE > goin around :D luv ya girls shannamama , chell , dezi , titi , < PROPFEMALE > !!! Lol oh n < PROPFIRST > da bro lol so fun !!!!! 
YAY got sum face time in b4 i cant once again lol thankz < PROPFIRST > lol but hope all is well with everyone :D 
jammin that psychopathic wanntinn anothaaa beer :) !!!!! 
hikez i think i scared him lmfao jp :P 
meka wants to play haha but when ??? Hmm gotta start plotin again lol 
i wanna cuddle up ;) ;D 
Haha you been hacked my girl !! < PROPFEMALE > was here .!! 
Sticks and stones may break my bones , but whips and chains excite me , so throw me down tie me up and show me how much you want me ;P haha 
Any one wanna buy a straight talk samsung slide with keyboard phone for $35 to $40 . Includes charger and memory card . 
Lol wheres da booty at lol 
happy birthday too my terrible two naughty audric kylan < PROPFIRST > love you with all my heart baby boy . ;) 
i plotted n its going good got to chill have alil thanxs < PROPFEMALE > mama n i wanna have more fun :) but then again i wanna chyll :) im high in tha air ;) 
Aww i hate when people fuck up what coulda been lol : 0 :P 
wow this day sucks . I just wanna go home ... I dont know how to go bout them things anymore .. Pathetic and god i hate my reactions lol trying to laugh but aint really helpiin me much :( aha ... 
Well i hope tonight is a good one im outta my funk i hope :) yup im happy again i need that talk :) 
yay my friday today cant wait for my days off to start at midnight but better yet cant wait till he comes around again aha :) it should be really interesting be running away for awhile again aha jp but a possible maybe ;D 
yay he missed me haha :) n tomorrow is going to be fuckin awesome im so patiently waiting n yay cant wait to see him whoopwhoop !!! 
hey i wanna dance :) :D 
Gunna have so much fun :) i so cant wait :) oooohhh yeaaaaaa :) 
Luv u Meka !!! Luv ya girl always ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Sisters to the fullest !!!! 
Wish i could find my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... 
You been hacked Again sucka .!!!!! HEHEHEHE .. 
Yay i gotta new phone need some digits tho aha hmu :) 
wow wack ass work today i really wanna ride in today fawk ... @_@ lol 
ahh shytt disregaurd that last stat aha finishing what i statred for myselff aha nice in the air lol ... 
omgee i wanna go to sleep work is so f'n boring feelin like imma doze off ... 
tear drops on my notepad , Dope sic feeling so bad , Everythings < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > fucked up , im about to go mad , my life tried to live right , this night hope it end right , hells doors open wide , inside , heres your invite . One breath should i use it , life , Death should i choose it ..... 
im by Cp n i can hear mmy bedd calling my name from here haha im so tired 
damn gunna melt in my bed n crash tha fuck out goodnight fb n have awesome dreams :) i hope i do :) 
Well gunna call it a night miss my sleeping < PROPMALE > tho .... My bed is so ummm comfty n .... Empty .... lmao oh welll time to get a good stretch n crash out goodnight fb :) 
time to get my hustle on :) 
kickin back being bored bouta go smoke a cig n crash i gotz work tomorrow ughhh lol but yeah need to get to sleep lol smoke first lol 
wow my monday n i lazy haha wonder whoz all gunna be riden in lol 
Damn work !!! Lol jk but yeah i enjoyed hanging wit my fam my days off but spose work here i come errr lol 
just thinking of the domino effect lmao crazy aha ... 
it feels like im running on walls en i don't wanna touch the ground ... And if they say that im lost , then i dont wanna be found ... :) 
; < PROPFEMALE > lil ciggy party infront of the store l < PROPFEMALE > well am i ever happy to be home :) 
lol tonight was an interesting night ! lol funny !! finishin munchin then crash hope for a good day tomorrow prolly not tho wack ass chuttle tomorrow lol gotta think of something lol but yeah time to call it a good one :) 
glad i didnt go out tonight ... Im lovin this :) feels better then i imagined cant wait to wake up :D but have fun n be safe every1 :) 
Awesomely wake n ready to start my day my lil cuddle < PROPMALE > stay snoozin wit me all night im so happy :) but yeah wonderin how today will be :) 
damn eh work yay thought it was gunna be lame but finally on our way aha needs me some txtn buddyz to get threw tha day haha jp ... But damn hope it dont turn fucked up when we get thurr lol 
wide awake jinkin this lonely one beer lol bou < PROPFEMALE > smoke a bowl n prolly crask nuttin < PROPFEMALE > do my lil cuddle < PROPMALE > didnt want to sleep wit me :( all sad lol but yeah pretty bored gunna call it a night ... :) 
Lol just thinkin off the top of my head n well i never been like that around other guys since those days i can remember its really different come to think about .... Could it be if i get pass that fear nervousness is my enemy ... N i never thought i could be like that again lol just a thought but goodnight :) 
forgive me father for i am still fucked up :D hahaha n tryna get more lol 
DAMNN this is some bomb ass frybread tacozzz n chilii !!! Mmmm :D 
wow im gettin lonely but hope this to will pass ... Hmm gotta long night :) 
lmao crazy how its a silent hate . (: )) wonder whats gunna be of it at work (: D ) its bout time < PROPFEMALE > work it hahaha :P 
Yay payday today :) spose i can get ready for the day :) hmm hope today is a good one :) 
Fuckin hatin ass white bitch gunna get me fired !!! Shit she was all up on jonz nuttz not answering her fuckking phonez !! Least i helped with deliverys thats gunna be fucked up tomorrow ..... 
Lmao fuck da haterz i had fun n shit im all g double o d good haha fuckin quit it already damn just cause i did what i wanted to do SLEEP worrie bout ur own lmfao 
damn i just wanted to cry its been awhile since i talked and seen my uncles i told them that i missed em n all that felt good tho .... 
thinkin bout that moment when your waitin for a text . Get one expecting its from the one your thinking about but then its from someone else you never thought youd get txted by lol 
holy fawk n i thought i had a bad smokers cough lmao niggy sounded like he was chokin on it lmfao ... 
Debating on going freeze my ass off fora smoke lol just snapped outta a nap :D 
i know rii haha omgee i was wonderin wtf i was thinkin had me chucklin anywho ahaha :P 
aaaawww snap my lil night owl is tryna show his mama how < PROPFEMALE > dance :D i just love muh baybay !!!! 
goodafta noon everybody today looks like its gunna be a good one ... haha till my baybay has to leave :( bummer still gotta think bout what to do :( :) :( lol 
i love < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs . The world aha :) 
Haha death valley is crazy lol but good afternoon everyone :) 
wherez all my potheadz lookin for < PROPMALE > essentials :) 
wow i dunno what to do lol :P 
yup i want that sweetness :D aha gunna be a long wait for that sweetness :D wondering wondering wondering aha :) 
( 0 . o ) ooo phonez go outta wack * Its the Aliens Mannnn * that was funnay lol then \hey im walking over\ " ... * me * \ " why ?? \".....\" can you unlock the door\ " ... * me * \ " no cause im sleeping\ " .. lol .. \ " yeah your sleeping while your txtn with the light on\ " .... Lol omg things are funny when ur high lmao .. Oh my i should finish my cig lol ... Then crash hahhaha " 
The sound of a fourwheeler at this time of night juss creeps me tha fuck out n think lmao really some wacked out nervz aha but goodnight n sweet dreams everyone :D 
O . M . F . G Best fucking News i , ve heard inna long time im down n more then ready to get the fuck away from here yay i love my famz i gotta get my babys stuff first lol n then were gone thanks muchz < PROPMALE > !!! mmfwcl fam :D 
i wanna be lucky in love ... send me an angel ... like right nowww .... Lol 
~ she gotta be a buss down ~ :D 
well gunna go on this mish lol 
Well on dat mish in ptown aha o.m.g i forgot my purse 
its a beautiful day today to look for my phone n get my baybay :) 
hey whats up if anyone has been trying to get ahold of me i lost my fone lol thats all lmao 
