life is just a game ... just play and you might win ... 

tired as hell .... wish i could figure out some things though but they will i hope 
Gettin ready for my fist new years out ... Hope its fuckin awesome gonna get slizzard 
had an awesome night last night .... so glad i dont have a hangover ... 
bored as hell ... gonna go smoke a fat nug blunt .... 
feelin a lil down .. shit just aint right but oh well i guess 
just chillin with some of the homies havin fun looking for something to do today 
just got back crazy ass night 
blah ... bored as hell 
drinking some absinthe ... hope I see the green < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Just got two floor tickets to < PROPMALE > zombie and < PROPFEMALE > cooper concert ... Just trying to figure out who'll I bring ... 
having a great time ... 
just saw the new nightmare on elm streeet it was pimp 
just sittin back drinking a few beers ... what else to do on this shitty day 
just watched iron man 2 .... it was awesome 
drinking some vodka and planning my day 
do you ever have one of those days where you wanna drink to forget ? 
Its like the sky opened up and handed you directly to me ... I know this sounds crazy but so is life ... I'm sinking ... 
Its like the sky opened up and god handed you directly to me ... I know this sounds crazy so is life I'm sinking ... 
let the blind leadeth the blind into a ditch 
Beautiful day ... 
Just got my new tattoo finished ... 
Went to see get him to the greek ... Fucking hilarious 
Fucking raining .. What a weekend 
Feeling like shit 
Damn does my rib cage hurt 
Finally its a nice day .. See how long the rain stays away 
Just chillin 
What a beautiful day out ... fucking finally no more cloudy and rainy days 
sick and tired of all this shit people need to be real and not be frontin ... but if thats how they wanna be then fuck em .... 
Planning my birthday party so many options but dont know what to do for it . 
Got paid today . Gonna go shopping . 
Another cloudy day what to do 
Havin fun with the day ... gonna go smoke a blunt and do something more productive 
What did you think . What did you expect Thought you really knew me . Better hold your breath 
Sick n tired of all this drama n stress people should just keep my name out their mouth . N if they wanna talk shit than say it to my fuckin face and grow some fuckin balls 
Gonna smoke and watch friday the 13th boxset 
I hate it when u do something nice for people and they just dontgive a shit about it well im done bein mr nice guy so you know who u all are . so go fuck yourselfs 
SUPER FUCKING HIGH !! 
How come when i try to return the favor after i get my < PROPMALE > sucked they say just fuck me .. 
isnt it relaxin when it rains 
Just drafted my nfl fantasy football team .. got < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > .... fuck yeah 
i hate snitches so whoever has been snitchin on me better watch there fucking backs cause when i find them im gonna go sadistic on their fucking ass .... 
torn a tendon and a some ligamenst in my knee .... 
got paid today gonna go shopping and then off to the bar and maybe go get a bottle or something for later ... 
So excited football season has started ... finally ... gonna go watch the game at the bar ... hope the saints rock up the vikes ... who dat ... go Saints 
Resident evil in 3D was fucking epic .. Have too see it again 
Ravens vs Jets on monday night football cant wait til it goes down ... Its gonna be a great game . 
Broke my fuckin knuckles .. First bone i ever broke at least the other person is feelin a world of pain . 
Cant wait til tomorrow Ravens play ... yeah yeah ... 
have to get surgery in a couple days not looking forward to it 
Surgery in the morning .... ugh hope it doesnt ruin my day 
Just got done with surgery they put two pins in my knuckle feelin great 
Gettin my left side of my ribcage tattooed today its gonna be fuckin awesome 
Ravens won hell yeah . 
Darts tonight hell yeah 
Darts was fun even though we got our asses handed to us ... 
Who wants to drink tonight 
damn this weather ... its fucking freezing out . winter is oh so close . 
Nice day out today . Great sign that this day is gonna be epic . Hopefully itll still be decent tonight when the party starts 
What a day ... Just hope that the night will be better .. 
high as hell ... 
darts tonight ... gonna get drunk as fuck ... 
Im so stoned ... 
gonna get slithered tonight ... 
Im so happy havent been in a long time ... 
Almost there gonna be slithered ... LOL ... So happy 
Wow im drunk as fuck ... Havin a great time ... ;) 
Darts tonight ... 
Happpy Birthday Issiaha ... Dad loves you ... 
so tired but cant fall asleep ... ugh 
Cant wait for tomorrow ... 
So stuffed ... 
what to do tonight .. hmmm 
boring day all day ... hope tomorrow is better 
what to do today .. should throw a party ... 
Had a reat night last night now i paying the price for it .. 
What to do ... What to do ... Its Monday whats happening 
Have u ever had feelings or something to say to a person but u always get nervous when ur bout to say something to them ... 
anyone down for some drinks 
i hate people you are fake ... why cant u just ball up and tell me the truth ... 
Bored as hell ... 
what to do tonight ..... 
What to do today .. Had an awesome night what i remember of it 
so tired but cant sleep 
gonna watch the vikes game hopes its brutal ... 
Lets have a snowball fight !!!!! 
what to do tonight 
Just got done cleanin now im bored 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone 
Bored as hell ... What to do at 330 in the morning 
sittin around bored playing super < PROPFIRST > 3 
Going out tonight ... Hope its a fun night out 
Shitty ass weather bored as hell feelin cooped up in this house ... What to do ... 
At the twins pre gamin 4 tomorrow ... 
Whats happening tonight hit me up 
What to do tonight .. 
What to do tonight ... drink i guess 
shitty day today .. hope the night is way better 
Borin day at treatment cant wait to go home and smoke a fat ass bowl 
Another boring day at treatment ... 
Off to start my day 
Its Friday finally what to do tonight hmmm ... 
goin out tonight havent been out for awhile 
Feel great today ... Had an awesome night out .. Now time to wake n bake 
Ravens and Steelers tonight .. Lets go Ravens 
Damn Ravens lost great season though for them ... Now what to do tonight ... Probably stay in and be bored 
Bored ... 
I love the smell of coffee in the morning now to start my day 
Damn its chilly it out 
Bored ... Probably gonna go out tonight hit me up if anyone wants to chill 
Group today ugh ... Shouldnt of went out last night but i had a fuckin blast .. HG 
So fuckin cold out .... 
Guess its gonna be another boring saturday 
What to do today hmmm i wonder 
Had a busy day now im bored .. Whats happening today 
Have group today another boring day 
Done wit group now to find something to do 
Bored ... someone come and ammuse me 
What a day ... now what to do with the rest of it 
No group today gonna rest i think 
Long islands all night ... Cant wait ... 
Blazed as hell bout to watch the mechanic hope its good ... 
Goin to see my po hope its the last time i see him 
Just got off probation .. Time to raise some hell 
Goin out tonight ... To celebrate .. Wish some people can come 
Got paid today .. 
Just watched saw 3D its the most fucked up movie .. 
gonna go out tonight anyone down 
Time for a change get back too old roots 
had a goog night out but could of been better 
up and about hit me up 
Tired as hell 
Super Bowl today ... Lets go Packers 
Packers won told ya all 
What a lazy day ... 
Up and about time to start the day 
Group at 1 than time to get stoned 
Group is so boring ... zzzz cant wait to get out and smoke a fat bowl 
Done with group got stoned outta my mind now to go see a movie hmmm what to go see 
broke my fucking bowl today .. ughh .. 
Do u ever have certain feelings for someone but cant express them towards them 
So stoned but bored what to do ... 
Goin to horseshoes metal fest i goin to cause some pain 
Up and about time to start the day wake n bake than breakfast at perkins yum 
Blah . Blah . Blah .. Today is goin by so slow 
Gonna be a borin night .. Probably just gonna chill and watch cannibal holacust 
I hate today 
even through the darkess days this fire burns always 
Ugh got group today but 1 more week til im done 
What a stressful day ... Need to smoke ... 
group sucked .... stressful ... now time to smoke 
What a beautiful day .. 
Goin out to the bar ... 
Man group irritates me bout to walk out on this bullshit 
Done wit group now what to do 
Just wanna chill and relax .. 
Finally im relaxed have to thank my homies for that ... 
I hate it when people only wanna talk or chill with me when i have something ... Well a lil fyi u all can go fuck urselves and u know who u are ... 
Havin a irritating day bout to snap cant wait for another 1hr than ill be a lil more mellow 
Havin a rough day but its turning out to be better 
Another borin night .. 
Why do people have to be so lame ... 
Just gonna sit home and smoke ... 
Is up and about ... Time to start the day 
what to do today 
Why does shit have to be so confusing ... 
bout to smoke this blunt and watch lock stock and two amokin barrells 
What to do tonight so many options 
Free at last 5years of probation done .. Graduated treatment today thats done ... Guess its time to party 
Just got back from seein my friend ... Keep ur head up and ill pray for ya hope everything turns out for the better 
Having a good day ... Hope my friend is holdin up .. I wish u the best of luck hopefully everything will turn for the better ill pray for ya 
Today is goin by so slow 
Havin a night on the town 
Friday night bored what to do 
Just chillin watchin movies due date was hilarious ... MUST WATCH AGAIN ... 
watchin the boondock saints 
Gonna smoke and bout to watch megamind hope its hilarious 
Just sittin around bout to smoke a cross joint than off < PROPFEMALE > bed night fb 
R u from ireland cuz when i look at u my penis is dublin 
Sittin at the laundry mat bored as hell 
Gonna go out with the boyz its been awhile 
listen to hey < PROPFIRST > 
im confused but i comprehend ... im full of life but feel dead ... im friendly but im mean im blind but i can see 
Time to start the day ... 
Had a busy day bout time to chill back and relax playin some COD Black Ops this game never gets old 
Bored guess ill play nazi zombies 
Watchn < PROPFEMALE > la raza the legacy of < PROPFIRST > guerrero 
Been playin borderlands for 16hrs straight wow time flys 
Bored as hell ... What to do tonight probably just gonna smoke and play borderlands 
My black ops game is broke damn it 
Happy St. Patricks day ... 
All i ever wanted is < PROPFEMALE > to be full filled 
Do you have < PROPFEMALE > in you ... If not want some 
Got a bottle of jameson for after the bar .. So much green beer LOL ... Happy St. Patricks day everyone 
I hate my life ... 
Out of jameson on to the vodka .... 
Down in a hole losing my soul 
Out at the bar wit the homies 
Fucked up night 
Im failing Im angry I use my fist to empower my hate Im fucked up Im different 
What a day to start off spring fuckin snow 
Got my tat finished 
Drunk and still drinkin ... All day long 
Broke my bowl last night damn it 
I grew up a fuckin screw up got an ounce and blew up .. Best lyrics ive ever heard 
Cuz im a creep ... Im a widow what the hell am i doin here ... I Dont belong here 
So drunk i fell down a shit load of stairs 
All i ever wanted was < PROPFEMALE > to be full filled its all in my head ... I must not fail . I must not fail ... Even through the darkess days this fire burns always 
Take your hatered out on me make a victim of my head you never ever believe in me ... I am your tourniquet 
feeling way better today ... 
At the twins 
I dont think ... I drink 
Im addicted to dyin over and over again ... I have no one to confine in .. I killed all my friends ... But fuck that in the end they all just stabbed me in the back .. So i trust in no one and my heart reamains black 
how do you feel .. that is the question ... I don't expect an easy answer 
so bored why do people drink if they cant handle there booze 
fuck this im out for the night goodnight fb 
Why does life have so many mazes ... I feel like a mouse tryin to find the cheese 
Have you ever said just fuck it and tell someone sorta close how you feel about them and not care if it reflects your guys relationship that you have together 
Tryin to pick my mind about certain things ... DAMN its hard to do 
Down by the shore wit some friends 
Man family guy is hilarious it just made my day 
I wake up in the morning still feeling the pain ... So i get dressed and put on a happy face 
Gonna drink some liquid courage 
Finally told the girl how i felt about her but she told me i lost my < PROPMALE > ... At least she told me how she felt about the situation shes in ... But i mean what i say and what I do ... so whenever u want someone in ur life u cares dont talk to me ... sorry if i offend u but u have been growin on me like a fungus since the day i met ya 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn ... Thats alright cuz i like the way it hurts .. Thats alright cuz i like the way it burns 
She put him out like a midnight cigarette .. She broke his heart .. He spent his whole life tryin to forget ... We watch him wash his pain away . Lil at a time .. But never could get drunk enough to get her off his mind ... Til the night he put that bottle to his head and pulled the trigger .. 
I wanna die no reason to live i want to find out whats on the otherside so death please let me in .... IM 
Been driking since 2 no stopping me now 
Goin to the hospital think i broke my wrist 
I guess i just gross people out according to some people 
Watchin south park and just heard the funniest thing < PROPMALE > fogel said he lost so much weight cuz he got aides 
Its a < PROPFEMALE > night ... Super fucking drunk 
Had an epic day an awesome night thanks to friends and myself of course .. Wish my brotha was here to enjoy it ... But he probably havin his own goodtimes 
Wake N Bake ... got < PROPFEMALE > love the feelin of gettin blazed in the morning ... 
What a beautiful day ... Gonna enjoy every bit of it 
Out at mexican Lindo with some friends than to the twins 
Having a blast tonight ... Been an awesome day 
Thank god for alcohol ... Mans way to deal with his problems 
Having so many thoughts running through my head its so stressful ... 
Man im having the weirdest day ... 
Just went to see the movie < PROPFIRST > ... Funny as hell 
Got paid today at the mall right now ... Cant wait for tonight goin out 
Having one of the best days of my life . 
beautiful day out today what do do so many options 
Wish tomorrow would come WrestleMania 27 and beer always a great time 
Wrestlemania was alright .. Wish HHH ended the streak though 
Watchin raw ... 
Jus beat borderlands hell yeah that game took 4 ever to beat 
Just saw Your Highness .. Pretty funny 
Its either get drunk or revenge but at this time in life i need both 
awake and bored had a good night though 
Its gonna be a long day what to do with it 
Just got done walking back from < PROPFIRST > nice walk wish it was dryer out though . 
What a beautiful day out ... Guess im going to the beach and drink 
FUCK THE POLICE 
Funniest thing i heard all day i may be an idiot sir but one thing im not is um and idiot ... 
Been blazin all day feelin burnt out 
Watching legends of the guardians .. Really great graphics 
What a nice day out .. Goin to the beach and havin bbq .. Than to the bar at night .. Great day 
Out im Pennsylvania 
Out im Pennsylvania than to New York 
Gettin to visit my bestest cousin in the world ... 
Back in town hit me up if yall wanna 
Happy 420 yall ... Lets all get fucked up 
Blazing blunts all day 
Great 420 
I hate the way some people treat people whatever happened to respect ... Well for warning those people will get whats coming to them ... Its just a matter of time that they figure it out 
Kinda nice out today probably goin dowm to the beach to enjoy the day 
Watch theres something about < PROPFIRST > 
What happening tonight 
Man little fockers is hilarious 
Bullshit day 
Guess its gonna be a house marathon today ... 
Havin a great night chilling wit my old friends its been awhile 
Good Morning fb havent been to bed so hit me up if u wanna chill 
Happy Easter everyone 
Sittin at the courthouse fuckin bored 
Having a good night so far hope i can fall asleep when i get home 
Watchin the new episoide of south park really fucked up but funny .. 
If u ever have a dream that u think ur good at go try and see if u suck at it 
Just bought atavist .. Its fucking sweet 
Goin to see fastfive at midnight .. Cant wait 
Fastfive was awesome 
What to do tonight ... Hmmm 
At the circus ... its alright 
The circus is promoting raves to little kids ... Bunch of kids hyped up on sugar listening to techno while waving glow stick swords in the air ... WTF 
Extreme Rules tonight hope its awesome . 
Watching raw 
Just gonna sit home watch hellraiser 
Im goin to say its gonna be the heat vs the mavricks in the nba finals with < PROPFIRST > winning it in 6 games 
Beautiful day now what to do with it 
Cant get the song disarm outta my head 
Happy Mothers day to all ya mothers 
