THE FUTURE IS NOW 

needs you to help find compromising photos of celebrities in the bathroom . 
hates barking dogs . On many levels . 
< PROPFIRST > Winkler is MY spirit animal 
Bitch , you ain't no cheetah . 
Pudding . 
2010 : THE FUTURE . 
Dear life , 
Fell behind .... JAWSOME ! 
... like a phoenix from the ash . 
Minotaur plays games with little children ... ONLY IN MY DREAMS . 
Foot : broken in two places and too swollen for a cast . Weather : fucking beautiful Me : :( 
is moving tomorrow :) 
... I guess I'll go eat worms 
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes ! I had a great one . 
All alone in my house this weekend . What's shakin' ? ( save me ) 
WARIO'S WOODZ .. 
Goooooodbye Kennedy ! <3 
sesquipedalianism 
thinks her car has gremlins 
iPatch NV 
< PROPMALE > Vanderpool is facebook 
My dear < PROPFIRST > may never catch another disc again :( 
if < PROPFIRST > swayze and paulie shore mated it would be our ghost 
< PROPFEMALE > Child just beat out < PROPFIRST > Pattinson . 
is really , really terrible at statistics .. 
what this world needs is a little more jive in it's step . 
Dim the lights and break out the HAIKUS !! 
Stats .. I am finally through with you .. so eat it . xoxo 
has developed a taste FOR BLOOD 
It is in times of silence that I find the mexican hat dance is always playing in my head ... 
Anyone want to play frisbee with me ? 
Damn it 2 <3 d you do it to me EVERY time . 
I START finished . 
The internet is the scariest place in the world . 
What's the shape of god ? 
This Friday let's tip a glass to the Sagitarius people in our lives . There are so man you in my life ... Come to my house and celebrate ! 
I don't want to jinx it ... but I think I may be reaganing ..... 
I'm an apathetic 
I wish , I wish I wouldn't have killed that fish 
Ugh . Where are you ?? 
Stumple's Birthday Jamboree TONIGHT !!! Hope to see you ladies and germs there . 
Gravity . Who knew ? 
I highly encourage all women to put stupid girly decals and stickers on their car . This way when your broke ass loser boyfriend has to drive your car he has reason to be embarrassed . 
Am I the only one who think that < PROPFIRST > Bieber looks like a lesbian ? 
I'm a puma and I hate other pumas . 
death by flu 
\Last night I had a dream that a hamburger took a bite out of me ! \"" 
Who gets to watch Aliens at school ? This guy . 
Babies having rabies . 
Cyborg Feminism 
Thanks to everyone who came out to see me last night ... I'm sorry I missed all the goodbyes .. 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes !!! It has been a fabulous weekend ! 
