Yaplflack 

Wow . I now remember why I never clean my room anymore . I've found like 17 left shoes , 2 rights , and 2 pairs . Like six musical instruments , a small library of books , and my personal favorite , a shower curtain . How did that get in here ? On the plus side , in one of the five wallets I found , there was forty bucks . 
Yay ! I have an icee ! 
Well I feel like crap right now . Although I'm catching up on school stuff . It sucks too . 
Rawr . Sprachfest like , fried my brain . Although we did win first in ensemble , and 19 awards for Brandeis . Huzzah ! 
Ever have one of those ' I fail at life ' kind of days ? 
Chemistry sucks . 
I can't figure out how to switch out of Pirate English here ... And I keep clicking buttons that I don't know what they mean because of it ... 
Evidently , they sell three varieties of whips at disney world . Does anyone else find this a little ... Wrong ? 
If you throw a slushie out the window while driving , and it kills another driver , is that man slaughter or littering ? 
So my breakfast today consisted of a 24 ounce monster , a bag of cheetohs , and a twix bar . Breakfast of champions , right ? 
I just put a knife in the fridge and a stick of butter in the silverware drawer ... And for some reason , that seems like a good summation of my day , although I'm not positive why . 
Isn't it weird how little things can make you inceredibly happy ? Oh ! And that I never post status updates and now I've got two in one day ! Huzzah for that . I feel more talented now . But I still don't know how I put the butter in the silverware drawer . 
It's Parrot Tail Tuesday ! 
That Old Spice commercial with the guy holding the diamonds that turn into horses and on a horse just came on and suddenly brightened my day . 
Appearently , while you can't own a canadian , the rest of us are all up for grabs . However , I think that with enough money , even our northern neighbors can be puchased . But I can't imagine for the life of me why anyone would want to buy a canadian in specific anyways . 
Alrighty . I feel better now . Something about fire pits just helps sometimes , you know ? 
This is my third update today ... Anyways . I just remembered something incredibly obscure from elementary school . Oh ! And I finally torched my biology binder ! That thing made me want to punch a baby last year . 
Word of warning- Remove all fireworks before starting a fire in a fire pit , lest you scare the hell out of yourself when a random rainbow colored flaming ball of evil shoots out making a loud , scary hissing noise and zooming right by you . 
You ever watch a movie you loved when you were little like , ten years later and realize that in reality , it was an extremely crappy movie ? 
* sigh * I've been listening to this damn song for an hour and I'm going a little crazy . I just can't get it out of my brain , and for some reason I can't memorize the lyrics . 
The Old Spice \I'm on a horse\ " guy landed a role in a movie . I think I'll have to see it because of him . " 
Our < PROPMALE > festival thing went surprsingly well . I was ready for chaos . It was also pretty fun , at least for myself . 
I really can't stand Mrs. < PROPMALE > . Does anyone have the prompt for the < PROPMALE > Caesar paper ? Brutus or < PROPMALE > . They're the same thing , just with a name change . 
I'm almost done with my Caesar paper . Huzzah ! 
Alrighty . I have decided Turnitin.com sucks . Aside from taking away my right to procrastinate , it also deletes all formatting I put in . Whoever the idiot who invented that site is , they did the world a serious diservice by not letting it handle simple things that are included in word , and managable in notepad . I mean really . If I can do it in an email , why the hell can't I do it in a goddamned school website ? 
I've never seen racism directed at a blue muppet until today . 
Is it good if a vacuum really sucks ? 
I'm hoping that even I can't screw up making cup cakes from mix . 
Yes ! I didn't mess up the cupcakes ! 
Well , I'm either insane or I'm right about where to damn buses are . Possibly both . But I can live with that . 
I just found out Herrera used to have a moustache . It makes me luagh . 
They're frying < PROPMALE > on tv .... It kind of scares me .... 
* sigh * I hate that feel where you have something you have to do , but you just can't find the motivation to do so because it sucks . 
The new old spice commercial scared the hell out of me ... I want the I'm on a horse guy back . 
Blank inside cards . That's all . Those are just on my mind . 
Well . I'm failing history . Isn't that swell ? 
I think I'm being stalked by a < PROPFIRST > Sinatra song . I've been hearing The Girl From Ipanema like , everywhere lately . Great song and all , but still . It's getting my nerves . 
Whoever changed the shape of trix cereal from the random fruit to these little circles should be slapped upside the head . 
My room scares the hell out of me sometimes ... 
I found my sp and one of my old gameboy color games ! I'm so excited I can finally beat this stupid thing ! 
Why exactly does a car need silver dust , hand polished or otherwise , anywhere in it ? I mean , it seems rather ridiculous to me . 
I've had this headache off and on all day , and it's really starting to piss me off . Damn thing just won't go away . 
Oh my god ! I got computer pokemon gameboy games ! My life is complete ! 
I didn't realize how much I hate trying to plug something into the socket in total darkness until just now . 
< PROPMALE > Corwin is getting old ... I didn't think that could happen ... 
Well . I think I'm going to be better person . I'm fairly certain that parade was hell . And I never want to end up there again . 
My laptop charger is hissing at me ... it's very annoying . The damn thing won't shut up . 
I love those teachers who just get bored and give you good grades on assignments you didn't do . 
Sobe's new add shows a giant gecko following a dude around ... I love geckos , but I don't want godzilla's little brother stalking me because I drank a crappy fruit juice type thing . 
Well no many people can say they found a four foot snake that they lost hiding in their xbox box . At least she turned back up . 
My little cousin is going to play the bassoon ^_^ I'm so proud of her . 
Not a lovely day , overall . Poor Eridanos has an abscess on her jawline . I'm not entirely sure what I'm going to do about it . But I guess I'll have to figure something out . Oh . And the damn dog ate my reeds . But oh well . Tomorrow's bound to be better , eh ? 
I want a yard with a < PROPFEMALE > tree and a swing on it some day . 
You know that feeling when you see something that reminds you of something you kinda blocked out and the memory just hits you like a train ? It's not fun . 
I just watched the video of myself and my friends at lunch ... It's weird to watch . 
I've been working the drum < PROPMALE > salute some many times tonight I think I can do it in my sleep . 
Sometimes , I just flat out don't like people . Not always . But sometimes , they're just unbelievably annoying . 
Well . I officially fail at making bath fizzies . But my mom loves me anyways , and gave me an A for effort . 
It's just one of those days where the thought of school is almost overwhelming because of how much I don't want to be there . 
I feel so out of the loop right now ... 
Appearently . there's a rouge zombie satallite .... I'd think they could've come up with a less threatening name . 
My snake shed for the first time ^_^ I'm really glad it went flawlessly . 
\We teach mixed martial arts in the name of Jesus Christ . \ " -The Colbert Report . \ 
When did they start bleeping the word homo ? I mean , really ? How is that a bad word ? 
Huh . Seems like most everyone had a bad day . Which makes me sad . 
Grawr . Try outs are tomorrow and my nerves are going insane . I wish the best of luck to everyone ! 
Appearently Dio died . I'm shocked . I thought he was one of those people who would just live until the end of time . 
Congrats to the new Brandeis Drum Majors ! 
I just can't sleep tonight . Or get < PROPMALE > Horror out of my head . 
The lights were off in my house and I walked my room , and was absolutely terrified of the random yellow light floating where my bed is . Turns out I walked into the office and the light was from the goddamned printer . 
Had an amazing night ! I slow danced for the first time in my life ! Aren't I a bad ass ? 
I just woke up and remembered why exactly I generall avoid glitter . It gets everywhere . As was said by some comedian I don't remember the name of right now , it's the herpies of craft supplies . 
I just dropped my cell phone into water ... I think it's okay ... FML if it isn't . 
My cell phone has survived ! The screen is even almost recovered ! Plus I had a great day at fish camp ^_^ The new tubas are adorable . 
Am I the only one that hates it when you're watching tv with your parents and a commercial about sex comes on ? I mean , the condom ones are bad enough , but some of them are just getting awkward . 
Can't sleep for the life of me . I don't want to stay up though either . I might go sit in the backyard . I've got nothing better to do . 
I've been watching Tosh . 0 all day . This show is oddly addictive . 
Is the little kid from Up asian or mexican ? I can't figure it out . I like him though . He's good comic relief in the movie . 
I just watched Burn After Reading ... I don't understand the ending at all ... 
I'm trying to sculpt something for the first time in years . It's going surprisingly well . I'm getting somewhere because I'm not stopping because it isn't flawless . 
I don't know how I thought making every individual scale was a good idea . I've made well over 300 so far and haven't even finished the neck or skull . 
This storm is insane and my dad won't come in the goddamned house . He keeps mowing . Grawr . He's such a stubborn man . 
Damn . Power finally went out . It was flickering before , but I don't think it's coming back on now for a while . 
Oh my god . My house just got attacked by thunder . It scared the hell out of me . And I love storms . 
Weird damn day . That's really all I have to say on the matter . 
They screwed up the ending of the Tommyknockers in the miniseries ... I'm so ticked off right now . This isn't even close to how it ends . 
District 9 is a really strange movie . 
I fail to see how cupcakes can be all that competitive , although I am willing to bet they'll make a good show . Not as good as ace of cakes though . I like that show . He made a dragon cake . 
Aw . I can't find my pen to work on my dragon . 
I just learned Kalamazoo exists ! Oh mu god ! My world is all confused now ! Although it really doesn't matter , considering my geography sucks anyways . But still ! 
I have to be at school in a little less than seven hours . I can't say I'm looking forward to that . 
I got my drivers license ! Huzzah ! 
Parents are frustrating creatures sometimes , aren't they ? 
I like being able to go whever I like . If only I could find my cash so I could actually do something once I got there . 
Holy crap , it's wednesday . I thought it was thursday . I fail sometimes . 
Weird day . I can't really make sense of it right now . But oh well . Maybe tomorrow will make more sense . 
Well I've felt sick most of today , but on the plus side , I found the pig we keep out toothpicks in . 
I'm in an awesome mood right now ^_^ 
I can't sleep and I'm insanely bored . Not really a fun combo . 
It seems like , at least in my case , it's the little things I really miss . No matter how small they were , it's those < PROPFEMALE > gestures that define how a relationship with someone is , be it friendship , romantic , or anything else . The meaningful people in our lives are so meaningful because of those little things that add up and form the bond shared . Forgive me if it doesn't make sense . Fevers make it hard to focus . 
I just added 40 scales to this dragon and managed to cover a little less than a square inch ... Something is very , very wrong here . 
I hate it when all I want to watch is something stupid and happy and it turns out making me sad . I feel so ripped off . 
I hate this stupid show and all it's warm fuzzy moments and then it ends with something bad ! Why can't they just end it on a happy note ? Enough angst ! 
< PROPFIRST > Rock just informed me that it's a bad idea to drive with your feet . I thank him for letting me in on this secret . 
I have the weirdest urge to crack open a coconut right now . I'm not sure why . 
I hate it when you're too tired to sleep . It doesn't even make sense . 
Appearently I'm going back to disney world in two weeks . I hadn't been in ten years and now I'll have been twice in six months . It's kinda cool though . 
Huh . Well I just finished watching True Blood tonight . That show always leaves me with like , 1800 questions and no damn anwsers . It's still neat though . 
Well . I'm now more or less totally sunburned . It hurts to move . This kinda sucks . 
I just heard creepy pan flute music in my backyard ... I'm gonna stay inside now . 
Grah . Between the sunburn and the bug bites , I'm really itchy . 
I've got a new found hatred of pan flute music . 
I've been working on my dragon for an hour and a half . I'm stopping before I hit it and screw the whole thing up . 
Is now extremely angry with an inanimate object . Part of my sculpture fell off so I have to spend time in addition to the 2 and a half hours I spent working on the damn leg yesterday . 
Packing for band camp . I'm hoping it'll be fun this year . With any luck , they'll have the same bassoon guy as last year . 
Finding out those random things that you should've realized but never managed to put together can be a mind blowing experience sometimes . My brain hurts right now . 
Appearently my brain doesn't handle coffee caffine and monster caffine the same way . Coffee makes me relaxed . Monster makes me all hyped up . I kinda wanna drink a monster now to see what happens when I stick them together . 
Weird damn day . Went basically awesome all day until around 11 , and which point it promptly sucked ass . Now it's just confusing and it hurts my brain , which is pretty tired because the caffine wore off a while ago . -sigh- just kinda a FML type of thing right now . 
Just got home from band camp last night . The rest of the week was cancelled due to hurricane < PROPFIRST > . Appearently we were going to flood or something , so they had to send everyone home , which sucks a lot . However , I did make a new friend , meet some new people , and learn quite a bit for the two days we had . With any luck , next year will be better . 
I just watched the new True Blood ... Wtf was up with that ending ? 
Alright . I'll join the band wagon . Like my status , and I'll tell you what I like about you , what my first impression was ( if I can remember , cut me some slack if I've known you a long time ) , and a confession . 
I officially have a plastic license ! 
Is bored to tears . My house is boring and driving places has lost its luster . 
My comedy cental channel has decided to go rouge and , instead of a comedy special , show my a screen with new truffle twix bars that have the illusion of growing larger when stared at . 
Holy shit ! Earwigs can fly ! 
Well . My day just took an incredible down turn . 
If you ever want to thoroughly confuse a walmart employee , check out with a box of toothpaste , a thing of ramen , a box of macaroni , and a coconut . They don't know how to react to it . 
I've definitely been in better moods than this . But it could be worse . 
* sigh * Pretty much no one is still up at 3 . It makes me sad . 
I'm trying to figure exactly when every noun in the english language developed a verb form . 
Just got home from Florida . It was a really good trip . The new < PROPMALE > Potter park was awesome . 
Finally got my AP results back . About what I expected . 
For anyone who would like to be rather confused by something , but you still might laugh , type in 2204355 on google and click ' I'm feeling lucky . ' I don't know what to make of this . For the record , it's nothing bad . Just very unusual . 
People don't seem to say ' howdy ' in Florida . 
Why was six afraid of seven ? It wasn't . < PROPFIRST > aren't sentient and thus are incapable of feeling fear . 
I walked what seemed to be a bear at thee humane society today . He was such a sweetheart though ! Here's hoping < PROPMALE > gets a new home soon <3 
\You have to dominate the swordfish . Only then can you sautee it . \"" 
I've seen Madagascar 2 like 3 and a half times today . It's getting rather excessive . 
I just got home from visiting my Great Grandmother in Canyon , Texas . What amazes me more than anything at those nursing homes is how firm the handshakes the men give you are . These guys can't lift a half gallon of milk anymore but they can damn sure crush your hand . 
Okay . So if < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > got the whole Honest < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > name from walking like 5 < PROPMALE > to give back 6 pennies , who in the hell was on those pennies ? 
* sigh * You know , when there's like six hundred channels on a tv and still nothing to watch , something is seriously wrong . 
I got a new kitten ! Her name is < PROPFEMALE > , and she has 21 toes . 6 on her front paws , 5 on one back , and 4 on the other . I'm not sure how she got such an unusual number of toes . 
Appearently there's an issue with porn on xbox live ... Why is it that's an issue , but the six year sitting there slaughtering innocents and screwing whores in Grand Theft Auto isn't ? I mean really . 
I think I have a boy kitten named < PROPFEMALE > because I trusted my mom's judgement ... Now I'm going to have a confused cat ... 
The words ' snuggie ' and ' varsity ' don't belong in the same sentence . Why can't any of these people buy a damn jacket ? Or a trench coat ? 
Today has just not gone well . 
So I lost my car and house keys yesterday . I've been freaking out , thinking a new key would run me 300 dollars because that's what my dad says . I just called the dealer . It's a ten dollar service fee , $24 for the ignition key , and $4.16 for a new door key . I think my dad exaggerated slightly . 
Great party tonight ! Although I'd have to say one duet in particular made the evening for me . 
I got new keys !!!! 
Weird night . Really nothing else to be said . Just a really , really weird night . 
I hate it when the radio manages to pick out just the music I don't want to hear . 
Invader zim is quite possibly the strangest show ever made . 
My kitten is officially able to climb up and down couches . He's using this newfound skill to follow me around every where . 
* sigh * Appearently , some straggler fleas survived on my kitten and now he has them again . I'm debating whether or not it's worth it to invoke the wrath of a small furry animals and give him a bath . 
It's so weird with this kitten ! I'm used to animals like reptiles who never give a crap about you , but this thing loves me back ! He keeps following me around . 
I'm having a total blast playing with the cha cha kgb anwser rip off thingy . I cannot express how much fun it is . 
God it weirds me out when people who do the voices of cartoons speak in those voices on tv as normal people . I don't think it should be legal . 
I have to type with one hand because my kitten decided to chew on other . 
As wonderful of an invention facebook is , it ticks me off sometimes because it makes it very easy to tell if someone is just ignoring yoru texts or phone calls . 
Band Olympics was a lot of fun ! Plus I got a slushie . I like slushies . 
Appearently I got a cut on my knee , which I didn't notice until it began bleeding profusely . Turns out it was hardly even a cut too . I hate those . 
Appearently , at least according to my dad , I was wrong to trust the judgement of my band director regarding what was wrong with my car . But we don't know for sure yet . 
I hate it when you half fall asleep and have a weird , freaky , realistic dream . Those suck . 
Alright . This looks like an interesting one , although I'm sure it'll end up being a less than wonderful idea , but I want to know what you guys come up with . So for 24 hours , you can ask me one question ( in my inbox . Or text if you have my number ) and I have to answer it . So yeah . 
68-70% of people cannot tap their thumb knuckle against their lower teeth with their eyes closed more the 16 times without getting dizzy . 
It's been an intenteresting weekend , between a 3 am walmart adventure , a lot of crappy flashgames , airsoft guns , whacking my head on a sidewalk , possibly crashing out in a starbucks , and some godawful but still amusing movies . It was fun though . 
Well . I feel ungodly bored right now . 
So other than a bruise the size of my palm , my skull seems to have recovered from saturday night/sunday morning . No more headaches ! Huzzah ! 
I just lost the game . Now you all have as well . 
Plain toast has never tasted so good . 
Does that banana move video on one of the old Tosh . 0's confuse the living hell out of anybody else ? 
So I decided to google my own name . Basically , I have some stuff from the < PROPMALE > state competition , some library thing from five years ago , and seven hundred bazillion entries about plants . Oh , and like five about bones surrounding the kidney . 
Somebody doesn't like fruit in their cereal . 
Okay ... I'm thoroughly confused ... How the hell did a pokemon egg hatch into five other telepathic pokemon eggs ? Doesn't that violate a law of matter or energy or logic ? 
I finally am realizing my cat is genuinely aggressive . It makes me sad . Does anyone know how to handle food aggression in cats ? 
I'm so bored .... 
I still have a bruise from hitting my head on a sidewalk a couple weeks ago ... This is just getting ridiculous . 
-sigh- My mom is finally looking at parent connection . I'm about to get yelled at . Damn . 
What in the < PROPFIRST > hell is a bookwich ? 
I should be studying for physics ... But I'd really rather procrastinate by watching Tosh . 0 and texting/talking to people on facebook . 
Is less than thrilled . However , we did do pretty darn good at the band competition , so that's a nice boost . 
I still really need to read The Crucible ... But I really don't want to ... 
You know that feeling when you see things that can't be unseen ? 
So stick that in your juice box and suck it ! 
I wonder if the trick would have the same magic to it if someone pulled a hat out of their rabbit ... Somehow I doubt it ... 
I'm so incredibly bored right now ... 
I feel weirdly optimistic . It's strange . 
No , you're wrong . You put bread in a toaster . It will always start as bread , even if you toast it and put it back in , unless you toast it in the oven or something first . And in that case , why are you even toasting it again ? That's just stupid . 
At a certain point , everything just starts bleeding together and there's nothing really to distinguish one day from another . 
Has the worst headache she's had in years . 
Why is it that whenever someone has an ingredient that is less than amazing they wrap it in bacon ? Bacon doesn't fix everything . 
I'm incredibly bored . 
God I hate waking up early on weekends . It makes me so incredibly angry . 
Feels god awful . I feel like I'm going to puke , but luckily , I haven't eaten anything recently enough for it to actually happen . I still wish it would stop and that my headache would go away . 
I'm not sure what to do with myself right . I just don't have the needed < PROPFEMALE > to move off the couch in order to get my work . 
So as of today , I learned that I'm going to have to get 3 crowns , 3 veneers , a root canal , and gum surgery . Nothing like serious dental work being done right before a < PROPMALE > band competition . 
It's really the ' what ifs ' that keep you up at night . 
\Susan < PROPMALE > eats babies . \"" 
I'm glad there's no real school tomorrow . I haven't accomplished anything this week . I doubt tomorrow will be much different , but at least I'll be at wurstfest , eating porkchops on a stick . 
When building a sandbox for oneself , one should be very careful what they use to build it with . 
So , according to the logic of old sayings :\ 
Revenge = A dish best served cold\ 
But also , Revenge = Sweet . \ 
Thus , does Revenge = Icecream ? 
Do you think of Jesus as a mischievious badger ? 
I'm debating whether or not it's even worth posting a status because my mood changes approximately every five seconds . 
\I wear long sleeve shirts over short sleeve shirts over long sleeve shirts . \"" 
\Monkeys make up more than 80% of the world monkey population . \"" 
My dad just heated up a burrito in the microwave . Just before he took I bite , I warned him not to , and to let it cool a couple minutes first . He flipped me off and took a bite , then promptly started panting in an attempt to cool his mouth from the lava of cheese and god only knows what else that was his burrito . I know he's my dad , and I love him , but he does this at least three times a week . He's so dumb sometimes . 
Wow , Southpark . Just wow . 
I'm stupidly tired , I keep coughing , and my lip is still farily numb . It hasn't been a great day . 
Who the hell is < PROPMALE > Rickman ? 
What color is a mirror ? 
Let's just keep poking that bear ! It'll probably do something neat when it stops growling and clawing at the bars of its cage . Maybe a flip . Or maybe it'll just keep growling and snarling until the stick just becomes a painful part of its existance . Who knows ? Oh hey ! You know what'd be really fun ? Sharpen the stick ! Just see what happens ! 
ma·nip·u·la·tive Adjective /m ?? nipy ? l ? tiv/ /- ? l ? tiv/Characterized by unscrupulous control of a situation or person . \ 
\ 
Example :\ 
she was sly , selfish , and manipulative 
Am I the only one who always has a certain person come to mind whenever you watch the southpark movie and hear the < PROPFIRST>'s Mom's a Bitch song ? 
Just now realized I forgot to study for the < PROPFEMALE > Letter test ... Shit ... 
Chain Reaction . 
Music's not helping at this point . I just wish I had half a clue why . 
Wow . I just learned I've been pronouncing ' Stay Puft ' wrong my whole life . I thought it was State Puff . Fail . 
The Fable boss is thoroughly creeping me out , as well as pissing me off . But mostly it's creepy . It screams a lot . 
You know , I kinda miss my normal . I mean , it was strange by most standards , but it worked for me . Here's hoping it comes back soon . 
Damn ... Wraithmarsh is really creeping me out ... Damn Banshees . 
Today , I purchased a box of macaroni , a thing of garlic toast , and an earhat . Yay Earhats ! 
Hating that feeling of fear that comes with being almost certain something is a when , not an if , because I know that when that ' when ' comes , it won't be simple and just sort of fade off . It'll end in a bang . The only way it can . 
Asplode . 
I just don't even know at this point . 
Bad day . Just a bad day . 
I'm seriously starting to hate on the 30th . 
Wow . I'm watching an ungodly stupid movie . Anyone else seen Species 2 ? 
I hate falling asleep in the middle of the day . It throws me off so badly . 
My grades are currently the most abysmal they've been since last year . Although I did manage to get this far before that happened , so I guess it could be worse . 
Just kind of sucks as a human being . Also , I've got like six songs stuck in my head . But for once they go togetherish ! So yay for small victories ^_^ 
I found a dinosaur book that I lost years ago ! It makes me happy ^_^ 
Goddamned cat < PROPFIRST > blood again . I swear I'm going to get this creature declawed . 
Just because you've randomly decided to pay attention to something doesn't mean I owe any explanations . You've had years . Did you think for a second that anything was going to change ? Don't be a moron . And keep your damn neosporin . 
Passive aggressive statuses aren't going to help anything either . I find this statement rather ironic due to the fact that this is a passive aggressive status . 
Finally found my ipod ! Along with a total of $16 . 
So the past several times I've set my ipod on shuffle , I've noticed it picking the song Unwell . I tested this tonight . 7 out of 10 times . Wtf ipod ? I'm in an awesome modd right now , and I don't think this metal thingy knows what it's talking about . 
Today was an interesting day , finished off with my family . A lot of my family , most of which isn't related to me . 
My phone seems to be flipping out . 
Ohkay . So my screen is screwed . I'm currently on an oldschool razr . Anyways , because I love you all so dearly , could you text me if you have my number ? Or just message it to me here , so I can get my contacts list back because it looks like only around half of it transfered . 
I'm going to punch this phone in the face ... 
\I was hiding under your porch because I love you . \ " \ 
Pandaraff ! 
My ipod is glitched . Or the shuffle is broken or something . 
I hate getting yelled at for something that happened like a week ago that you told somebody about that they chose to ignore . 
I should be doing my president project ... but I really don't want to ... 
Never's a long damn time . You have to be pretty certain to make a committment like that , I'd think . 
-eyetwitch- Can't . Sleep . 
I hate it when you're listening to a song you like that you've heard for years , when you actually really listen to the lyrics and realize it's talking about sex and it kinda changes your whole perspective on the song . 
Goddamned tiki broke my favorite pinatas ! There will be revenge on that sonofawhore ! 
I got a Flapyak ! 
Okay . Appearently pandora radio is hooked up to facebook . This makes a lot more sense because I was wondering how the hell this thing knew the people I was friends with and what their tastes in music were . 
My head hurts just from looking at all this college information ... 
I feel the need to point this out . Not everything in the world connects . This is why we have parallel lines . 
Troodon does not equal compsognathus , compsognathus does not equal raptor ( velociraptor or otherwise . ) , raptor does not equal deinonychus , none of these things equal a Dilophosaurus . They're all very different , very distinct species . So yeah . 
< PROPFIRST > Shatner , you sir , are a < PROPMALE > one . 
I need to stop thinking . I tend to be bad for myself when I do that . 
Well I officially didn't set off the smoke alarm trying to cook skirt steak ! 
Even though I was pelted with antler bits for around 10 minutes , the pen that came out of it was worth it . 
What's almost weirder than an actual change is realizing that it can be different . 
My phone broke again ... It makes me sad ... 
Damn ... Running out of dandelions ... 
I accidently left my ipod on for the past 24 hours ... It's not even in the red on battery . These things are amazing . I want a cell phone with batterylife like this . 
Holy christ ... It actually snowed ... I thought it was impossible ... 
Did anyone else see the people walking on the highway and just think ' Hey ! I want to do that!' 
I'm wondering if hell has frozen over because I assumed they'd get snow around the same time we did . 
Alright . Can anyone involved in sprachfest that are missing anything from school text me ( 210-542-2837 ) what you are missing and where it is ? I think we're screwed on puppets . We'll have to make something for backup . In regards to polka band and classical ensemble , 
If nothing else , I had my first snowball fight today . My dad is still really 12 . It was a blast though . That made everything good ^_^ 
Huzzah ! The Brandeis < PROPMALE > team got 2nd overall , our polka band got first , as did our upper level puppet show while our folk dance and classical esnemble both placed third . We recieved numerous other top five posistions , and almost all of our members will be moving onto state in < PROPFIRST > on februrary 26th . Yay Brandeis ! 
this phone actually works with facebook ! it'S crazy ! Although it'll take some adjusting . 
I hate the concept of even leaving my house right now , much less going to school . 
My cat is glaring at me every time I cough ... 
Damn childproof lids ... 
I hadn't been coughing for two hours . As I'm getting ready to leave for a band concert , guess what starts up again ? Damnit . 
I hate being sick . I probably should've just stayed home today ( < PROPFIRST > , this does give you full rights to say you told me so . ) . I probably will stay home tomorrow . 
My dad loves me . He made me hot chocolate from scratch . 
The only nice thing about staying home is watching old cartoons . I like old cartoons . 
I give up on drinking cold water until I stop coughing entirely . 
I have to wonder if somewhere in the world there's some poor one-legged waitress working at an IHOP . 
Yeah ... I'm definitely not doing the columnist project at this point . Although < PROPFIRST > O Rourke is still a badass . 
Alright . I dislike the english version of 99 red balloons . Especially because it has < PROPMALE > mixed in but the guy says it all weird . 
This memorization isn't so bad . 
In Soviet Russia , Nemo find you ! 
I wish I had a GPS that spoke to me in < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s voice . 
Why is it my animals decide they love me and want to < PROPFEMALE > all over me on a day I don't feel like sitting around ? 
Well I'm less than thrilled at the moment . Sundays , huh ? 
Just get some ice from the snow cone machine and some paper towels , make sure you put that eye on ice . 
Wisdom teeth suck ! 
? 
< PROPMALE > State Competition tomorrow ! 
Taking a look at Sprachfest for next year ... My god there's a lot to be done ... 
First rule of someone trying to get out of a hole that they've dug for themselves ? To stop digging . 
You might be awesome , but you're not Jesus high-fiving Freakazoid on an escalator awesome . 
My little cousin is wearing a bassoon shirt and thinks my new leopard geckos are cool . I'm so proud . 
There is an app that tells you how to fix your bassoon reeds . There must be a god for something this amazing to exist . 
Yes ! I found my DS ! My night has been made ! 
Now , the question is do I just act based on more or less nothing in a fairly arbitrary fashion , or massively overthink and read too much into the situation ? 
Well at least someone found my total lack of historical and geographical knowledge amusing ^ _ ^ 
Just a note to all of you who haven't figured this out yet ... Google Streetview , Mapquest , ect . These things are not in real time . You cannot see the tsunami in Japan on them . If you are dumb enough to actually attempt this ... Actually , you probably can't read this status . So nevermind . 
It would be nothing short of ridiculous to wake up this early . But being up still ? Now that's another matter entirely . 
And so it goes ! 
I feel so spazzy right now ! 
I saw a nun at work today . 
Damn you < PROPFIRST > O'Rourke! You and your lack of a wikipedia ! 
It's almost ask irksome as the word irksome . 
Damn , facebook . You've failed me as a website . 
* sigh * Looking back on it , chucking my laptop cable across the room probably wasn't the best of ideas . 
To hell with the letter q ! 
Genitals . enough said . 
I just saw sharktopus for sale at bestbuy . 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen is an incredibly disturbed individual ... He's so full of himself it's comical ... 
I met a south african fellow yesterday ! 
\ ... I will come down on this hospital like the hammer of Thor . \"" 
