I really should be sleeping 

bought < PROPFIRST > a pool for the back yard but , did buy a hose to fill it with ! 
I worked 15 hours in a little over a day ! I am beat 
Why can't it all just be smiple ? 
is SO excited because Shamus ' very 1st ride ever went amazingly well !!! 
I finally kinda had the day off . ( still had to work at the barn ) After working 35 hours in 3 days ! What a joy 
Had a nice day off yesterday , got my house clean ! Now off to work on the farm and than go ride my horses ! But , back to work friday thru sunday ! 
Just ate a tasty dinner at my moms ! This way I didn't have to do any dishes ! 
Everytime I get a day off to go and ride my horses it is either raining or cold . Why ??? 
Off to check on the boys ! And take care of something inportant for a friend ! It is such a great day to go riding 
I broke my foot on Wednesday night ! 
SO ..... my foot is almost back to it's normal size . I still cant wear any of my cute shoes but , we're getting there . So I decided that it would be a great day to ride a horse that I have in training ! Well .... I twisted my ankle and now my foot swelled back up and I got yelled at . ( I knew I shouldnt of told him ! ) So , I'm thinking that I will try it again tomorrow and see what happens . Can't keep a girl off her horse ! 
Im dress , hair is done , and should be walking out the door for work any minute ! but , my bed just looks like the better option ! What do I do ???? If it wasnt payday I would call in 
How come a \day off\ " is never really like a \ " real\ " day off ? " 
So .... my day went well . I cleaned , did more laundry , and then went to Kohl's and bought new pots and pans . After that went out to eat with my neighbor and her kids to Culvers , where my kids had to hork all over the dinning room , bathroom hallway , door , and the bathroom it's self ! They joys of being a parent ! 
Going out fir a drink with the boys !, im a little scared !!!! 
Scared to face the boss at work come Firday ! 
Getting ready for my work week to start ! Friday , Saturday , and sunday 
This week I got a new dog . Her name is Wednesday and she is a 5 year old black pug 
It's Friday again ! That means the start of my 3 day work week ! Joy Joy 
So ... I just went out to get my mail and I got a letter with the worest new ever . Shalone (<PROPFIRST>'s dad ) is being released on November 10th . He thinks that he is going to come up here and see her right away and act like he hasn ; t been around for the past 4 1/2 years . 
And the worst part is that he isnt thinking about her at all . He isnt thinking about how him seeing her is going to affect her . He is just thinking of himself like always . The last time he was around and that disappeared to \live his own life\ " < PROPFIRST > was 2 1/2 and she cries for months saying that her daddy didnt love her anymore because she was bad . There is no way in hell i am going through that again . " 
Worked sucked yet again . Where are all the people with money that usually come to the club ? 
Off to bed , have to be back at work at 2:30 pm and do it ALL over again . 
Just got home from a CRAPPY weekend at work . But the good news is I got Halloween night off , the hotel is booked , and my dress for my costume is on hold , and I found my horns for my costume . Life wont get any better then SATURDAY night ! Just have to remember the camera 
I got Saturday off from cashiering at Silk ( love you < PROPFIRST >!) and booked the hotel room in the Dells ! Can't wait to dress up in my naughty Satin outfit and raise some HELL ! 
Is it saturday yet ??? 
is going to take her but to bed ! 7:15 rolls around way to eary in the morning and the kid has to go to school ! Sweet dreams everyone 
I am off to take a nap ! Today is a lazy day of no work ! 
Off to work ! 
Had SO much fun last night ! Wore some of the cutest shoes and now my foot is swollen 2x the normal size ! Opppps ! Beauty is pain i guess 
My stomach if finally feeling better from saturday night ! No more mystery shots for me ! 
Did anyone else get a text message about an < PROPFEMALE > Alert ??? 3 year old boy taken by a man driving a ' 06 Mits Eclipse/ Lic plate 98B351 
I feel like I spend the entire day in my car ! My back hurt and I am ready for bed ! 
I got to leave work alittle early ! Now I going to go to bed and sleep ALL day tomorrow ! 
So ... the microwave took a crap on me . Went to go buy a new one and those things are kinda pricey ! Who knew ! So , after a whole of cleaning my house , the carpets are finally clean and it looks like people not just stuff live here ! 
So , the plan of the day WAY to ride my horse Osten ! The only thing that I acyually wanted to do , DIDN'T get done . Now I have to wait till Monday ! this sucks ! 
It's funny how at work rumors spead SO fast ! And I'm not even there ! Wow , thier are some people that need to do better things with thier time OR come up with more creative rumors to spread about me ! This is craziness 
What is it that most men only pick out what it is they want to hear when your explaining something and just float over the important stuff ? 
And ..... What is it with running into someone you have dated in a bar with his new women , everyone says \hi\ " than they text you \ " keep away from my man\ " after bar close when they are the one's that came up to you ? If honestly if I wanted \ " your man\ " I would still be with him don't you think ? " 
Today was a lazy day ! I layed in bed till 3:30 and then went to get something to eat ! Now I am finishing up my 9th load of laundry and off to bed . I have to work 12+ hours tomorrow 
I am haveing a VERY stressful day ! 
I think that today is going to be a LONG LONG day ! 
Well , I threw my back out pushing my car out of the snow on my birthday ! Wish I had a better stop but what can i say . I have a talent for hurting myself 
I hope everyone has a wonderful christmas and got to spend time with thier families 
Happy New Year's Everyone ! 
New Year's went well ! No one yacked ! 
Whoooo hoooo ! It's nap time ! 
Just got done making cookie with < PROPFIRST > . We made peanut butter bloosoms and Suger cookies . All from scratch ! 
Getting ready to go out the farm and unload all my stuff , Check on the boys , and hopefully have time to ride ! Can't wait , im so excited becuase I have't really been able to ride my horse in almost 2 months ! 
It is SO nice outside today ! I hope it stays like this all evening long . Taking < PROPFIRST > to go horse back riding after school . The group lesson starts at 6:30 at A.N.D. Stables so dont be late ! 
Do day went well . Got to spend some time with my mom and step-dad helping them out . Than went to my lessons and got to ride Osten for the 4 time ever ! and the first time with other horses . Osten did amazingly well and I couldn't of asked him to do any better!I'm so proud of him . < PROPFIRST > also got to ride < PROPFIRST > all by herself ! I was very proud of her too ! 
I get to go to work with a black eye today ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! Love you 
Getting ready for the Christmas Party at work !! What trouble will we all get into ??? 
Why is it that my 5 year old feels the need to act like an a ** at the gocery store ? 
Going to go try on bridesmaids dresses tomorrow ! This is going to be intresting 
It's monday ! yah ! 
It's to bad the < PROPFEMALE > day must end ! 
All I want to do is curl up in bed and go to sleep 
Did anyone one else know about the Earth Quake that we had at 4am today ? 
Tomorrow I have the night off ! I get to go out and < PROPFEMALE > out with my frirnds like a \normal\ " 20 something ! I'm not sure I know how to act " 
I just got my new phone and number ! Since my other crappy phone decided to lock up and now I cant recieve calls or check my voice mail . I HATE ATT 
Why is it that on tuesday I put new tires on my car , saturday new head lights , and now I need new brake pads ? Not to mention the 2 window clips , power steering pump , and the fuel float that lets me know how much gas that I have ! WHY WHY WHY ? When it rains , it pours ! Why can't I just get a sprinkle ? I think im due 
Tomorrow I have to go to an appointment that I forgot about ! ( Good thing they leave you e-mail reminders ) , than off to the farm for work/riding , and lastly attemot to change the brake pads on my car by myself ! I know how but it is never fun ! 
Im at home on the coutch with my heating pad . My back and hip are killing me and I cant get in to see the doctor till Friday . Joy ! Joy ! 
HELL has FROAZEN OVER ! I actually recieved child support ! 
Attended the group lesson at the farm and rode < PROPFEMALE > ( my favorite mare in the whole world ! ) . Things went well but , will be better next time ! Also got to take < PROPFIRST > out for a quick ride in the field . There is nothing like spending time with your best friend ! 
Just got done with physical therapy and now I am headed to the post office to pay a few bills and than off to work 
I am so excited ! I went to the doctor the other day and found out that I gained 2 lbs !!!! 
So , Last friday my kids hamster got out ! Found him behimd the stove on sunday and Elephant is not nack in his cage safe and sound and < PROPFIRST > has no idea that he escaped 
Day off and laying around the house while < PROPFIRST > plays outside with her friends . I love mondays ! 
So it was such a nice day out I decided to take my horse out for a little run around the field . It was SO much fun untill I got back to the barn and relized that I had my phone in my back pocket when I left the barn and it was GONE when I returned . Which means I will be spending ALOT of time in the hay field tomorrow looking for my new 400 dollar phone . I feel like suck a dumb ass !!! 
So after over an hour of riding up and down the field over and over again and the help from 3 amazing friends , the phone has been found . Thank you guys so much ...... 
Don't you just love it when your walking your horse over ground poles and he decides to hop like a < PROPFEMALE > over the last one and dart to the left and you end up going right and than continuing to the ground ? Thanks Osten ! :) 
One of these days im gonna get a \real\ " day off ! Everyone's gonna show up for work and keep their a ** there and it's gonna be a beatiful thing . So now on 2 extra days this week ! " 
At work all weekend . Cant wait to sleep Monday away ! 
Everyone shpuld come and visit me at work !!!! < : 0 ) 
My car in completely messed up ! Im so pissed , Now I get to drive my sister soccor mom < PROPFIRST > ! 
my bf broke my man-hating dog but at least he fucks like a champ 
Eatting dinner at my Mom's and getting things all packed up for this weekeds camping trip ! Can't wait for a stress free weekend with all the bull sh*t that has gone on in the last month ! 
Thank goodness i can cash my check tomorrow and pay a few bills . Also have to finish getting my paperwork togeather to go after the company that did 3,000 to 4,000 dollars worth of damage to my car . 
Cashing my check tomorrow and pay a few bills . Also have to finish getting my paperwork togeather to go after the company that did 3,000 to 4,000 dollars worth of damage to my car . 
Waiting for Last Call so I can close up and go home ! Tomorrow is the Golf Outting and I have to be back at work at 9am ! Thats 6 1/2 hours to drive home & back , sleep , and shower ! 
Tomorrow it's going to be like 80 * out and I will be trapped inside in the a/c all day ! 
Another beautiful day outside ! I cant wait till Monday when I can enjoy the summer sun . 
I got the estimate for my car today ! Now I can go talk to the place and get it fixed 
Wondering what kind of night it is going to be at work !! 
My day is almost over ... I am ready to go home , curl up , and pass out till around 2 in the afternoon ! 
Is waiting for my laundry to dry and it is taking FOREVER ! 
If my life gets anymore twists and turns in it , I may loose it ! 
The day is nowhere near 1/2 over and I think I am ready for a nap ! 
Getting ready to go out to the County Fair to see < PROPFEMALE > County ! 
At work ! And o= now it is going to storm and looks really nasty outside ! 
Why is it that the laundry always seems like it takes long to dry when your waiting for it ? I just want to go to bed !!! 
Today is was beatiful outside ( atleast the little time I got to be out ) but , now I am at work and the night it starting off pretty good ! 
AHHHH ! I just want to fall asleep and I cant cause I slept all day ! And I have to get up in the morning at go the farm to do some work and spend sometime with my boys ! Im goona need lots of coffee and AMP tomorrow ! 
Why is it that it only takes one crabby person having a bad day to make you day just alittle duller than it was ? 
Having a good day ! When I got to work I got to see one of my favorite people .... St. < PROPFIRST > ! 
So ...... Last night I spent from 4pm to about 8:30 throwing up and feeling like I was going to DIE !!! I sent about 3.5 hours in the ER , had 5 tube of blood taken , 2 doses of nausea meds , and an entire bag of fluids ! Today my stomach is quite sore and have been very sleepy but , since they sent me home with nausea meds I have been able to eat and drink . 
Feeling alittle better today ! 
Happy Friday the 13th ! Let all the crazies be FREE !! 
I was so excited about sleeping most of the day until my new neighbors started moving in 
The maintenance man just attempted to tell me to Shut Up because he is to LAZY to properly clean up the yarn instead of running it over with the lawn mower . I'm pissed want want him gone ! 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . The important thing is not to stop questioning . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
It's been a SHITTY week . Huge fight with < PROPMALE > , fever of 100.1 - 100.9 , and than to night my dog dies ! < PROPFEMALE > you will be missed . 
At work ! I kinda forgot how LONG 3 days in the box really was ! 
Why does it have to ohh so very cold outside ?? 
Is it time for bed yet ??? 
I can't wait for tomorrow !! I get to sleep in till NOON !! 
Today is a good day ! I went to the doctor's and found out that I gained a whole 4lbs !!!!! 
You and I wake up in jail together ... Using only FOUR words , what would yousay to me ? NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status - fair is fair - play along 
Happy Sweetest Day everyone ! 
It amazes me how some people walk around with their head so far up their own a ** that they can't see the reality around them . That they think that they can walk around and say when ever it is to anyone they want , speak to people in what ever tone they choose , and act like they are untouchable ! 
The funny part is ... Nobody is untouchable because there is always that one person willing to \reach out and touch you\ " right off your self made pedestal .... and I hapen to people one of those people that isn't afraid to \ " help\ " you realine your pedestal ! " 
Today will be a good day ! 
A day of crazyness and lies ! This weekend WILL be better and less stressful ! 
Why must it be SO cold durning Trick R Treating ???? Why not a heat wave ?? Just once ? Please ! 
It's cleaning day ! 
Ok , well it was cleaning day until I was informed that I was on the schedule to work ! So that means that Monday is Cleaning Day ! 
Very little sleep and a long night ahead at work 
Tomorrow off to work , Saturday off to party ( if I remember how ! ) , Sunday suffering at work till 8 ! 
Dinner tonight is a 10oz burger topped with fried onion rings and fried cheese curds w/ ranch to follow !! yummy ! 
I'm so proud of myself ! I took the garbage disposal apart , fixed it , and put it back together again , and it works ! All by myself 
Well since Thanksgiving is officially over , I guess we put up the tree and < PROPFEMALE > the snow flake icicle lights ! 
No matter how hungry you are it's always a good idea to chew your food instead of horking it down ! 
I feel like I wanna die ! Went to the ER this morning , left side of my face swollen . Now Im gonna have to go to my doctor tomorrow because the swelling went down but the pain is 10x worse . 
Been in my jammies all day ! The swelling in my face has gone down but I still dont feel the greatest ! 
Back to the doctors again ! There has to be something they can do about < PROPFIRST>'s asthma and cough 
So , I need someone willing to come and rub my tummy ! I ate WAY to much and it hurts ! 
Tomorrow is gonna be a crappy day ! I completely forgot that I have court , Why is it that I have to be there b/c Shalone is to irresponsible to pay his child support ? Like I really want to see him .... Nope ! 
So , I went to court yesterday ! Got there at 10:30 and found out that I didn\t have to show up because they were going to \ " monitor\ " the case for payments . Turns out that you make ONE $68.00 payment since May and that gives you a \ " free pass\ " . The whole thing is b*llshit " 
I feel like Jello ! 
Why is it that people think that they can tread water when they can't swim . There are some that should think TWICE be for they stick their toes in the water , they may drown . 
I woke up this afternoon so sore ! 
Why cant't it be FRIDAY ?? Yet ? 
So , < PROPFIRST > laid down for bed last night between 9:00 and 9:30 . She slept till noon today ! I wish I could sleep like that 
Why must it ALWAYS snow the night before my birthday ? and why so much ? 
< PROPFEMALE > just walked into my work in full get up ! 
Just got home , pulled in the driveway , parked in the middle of the lot , shoveled out my shop and a runway to get in the spot , parked , and now inside ! I'm exhausted 
TFLN : No - a douche bag is not a fashion accessory . They do not make Gucci Douchebags 
Doesn't want to get out of bed ! 
< PROPFIRST > threw up once at school and than a few more times b4 we went to Urgent Care , she got sick from dehydration ! 
So , after the 180 * on the interstate earlier tonight during rush hour traffic .... than a field ... I am staying in for the rest of the week ! 
I am pretty excited !! I might get to go to bed early tonight !!!! 
Why is it that there are just some people that know how to push your buttons ? They have the ability to turn your day , world , or life upside down with the snap of a finger . 
What exactly is the definition for \trying something\ " ? Is it the equivalent to \ " test driving a car \"?" 
off to bed ! an at a semi normal time too ! 
Just crawled into bed and noticed all the glitter !!! lol ! Wonder where it all came from ?? 
is taking < PROPFIRST > to her friends brithday party . We are going swimming at a kids indoor water park 
Went to bed around 4:45 , back up at 7:15 to get < PROPFIRST > ready for school , back to bed at 8 and could only sleep till 9:30 . It's gonna be a LONG day ! 
So , today i went to the doctor for my foot again ! and now I am back in a walking boot for a minimum of 2 weeks . After 2 weeks I have to go in for an MRI to check for fractures , breaks , or infection . Joy Joy ! 
Kids have a snow day tomorrow . So , now my daughter is trying to invite the entire neighborhood over to play !! 
Hey horse Friends : 52 thoroughbred horses need homes . Will go to Sugarcreek this Sat . for slaughter . Owner died and his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke . some are in foal weanling , yearlings , 2 and 3 yrs old most are gelded . * FREE and papered * . Friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 or 440-463-4288 Barnesville , OH . Please copy and paste this on your status ! 
I'm so tired and I just want to sleep but , I ate so much food that my stomach is KILLING ME ! 
I'm off to go pick up my new car battery and wiper blades ! It will be amazing to turn the key and actually hear my car start ! and then be able to clean the wind shield and not have spots with crap still stuck on there and have to peek through the streaks to see ! So , unsafe ! 
I got new wiper blades for my car today !!! and new battery Friday ! Thank you Mr. Amazing you don't know how greatful I am 
I love being people's door mats . Anyone else need to wipe their feet ? 
Good Morning FB ! I still feel like shit and sick to my tummy BUT I didn't actually sleep through the night ! It was a beatiful thing 
Just saw on tv that there is a new Love Bear at BuildaBear . I want one !!!! 
