(: 

Tiredd , Race todayy ! 
ready for the run ! 
Just got home from the race . My Knees hurt so bad . but it was kinda fun running down turkey mountian . did bad in the race though . :| 
Tiredd , Gonna get off and go to bed ! 
blehh , I think im getting an ear infection . 
Just got home from practice (: 
CAMPING WITH CIDNEE . 
:/ 
FML . not really . i'm just a little frustrateddddd . :/ well not a little but realllllyyyyyyyyyyyy frustrated . 
ugggggghhh . 
wowwww , i'm dumbbb . 
phewww , okay i'm not that dumb . 
a song is stuck in my headd . but I lovee it (: 
just greatttttt . 
just greaaat . I knewww it . 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . 
Ughhhhhh . 
ughhhh . 
Ughhh . dang itttttttttttttttttttttttttt . 
plans are basicly ruined for this weekend . :/ 
okayyy , i'm like wayy happier now (: 
<3 
dang itttt . :/ just gotta stay optimistic . :) 
UGHHH . I am sooo mad right now . i can't beleive i was asked that just because i was embarressed . :( 
i'm better noww . 
i'm < PROPFEMALE > happy right now :) <3 
Wish i was at the gameeee . :( 
excited for the raceee . :) nervous too . i wish someone was able to to come with me . :/ 
:) 
not again . i don't know if i can go through with this . but i have to keep all of my promises . 
don't feel good . glad i didn't run this morning . 
just hoping for the best of things . 
School . i hope it doesn't go like yesterday . 
gonna upload pictures soon :) 
UNGROUNDED ! 
=) <3 
surprised , but happy . :) <3 
=) 
is impatient right now . 
is happy . :) 
nothing to do today . boring . 
ugh , i friggin ' hate this feeling . :/ 
\just look on the brightside your roughly 6 feet tall\ " :) " 
aquarium at 10 . :) 
gonna try to get to school early tdoay . :) 
we qualified for state !! :) 
happy :) 
happy ;) 
goodmorning :) 
is happy =) 
state todayyy . i'm so nervous , i hope i dont do to bad . 
i really want < PROPFEMALE > . 
can't sleep . 
good morning =) 
I have the worst luck ever . 
ughhh , i'm tired of this . first i was kinda really surprised , but i'm starting to think it wouldn't have worked out for long anyway and i should have seen it comming . so i guess its good its over now . 
much better =) 
happy thanksgivinggggg =) 
is thankful =) 
wish i was going shopping right nowww . :/ 
goood morningggg . 
well then . 
guess i wasn't as sarcastic as i thought i was being . 
is great . =) 
about to start gettin ready . =) 
haha . last night could have been better . but still had fun . =) 
oh shoot . i'm bored . 
wowwwww . nobody's on facebook ! 
\watcha want right now ? what up right now ? i think you need to close your mouth cause you ain't gonna tie me down . \"" 
=) got my fingures crossed . 
Greatttttttt . =) 
oh shoot . 
is hopeful ! 
is super bored ! 
ughhhhhhh . 
ugh , i'm so mad . 
is kinda dissapointed . 
is bored ! 
finally ! snow ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! =) 
Feliz Navidad ! =) 
;) 
wants to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone ! 
wowww , there is nothing to do today ! 
i'm gonna need you say something babyy <3 i love that song . =) 
yeah , i think i give up ! 
good morning . =) 
not gonna let anything ruin this year for me :) 
if i had one wish , well i don't know what i'd wish for , but if i had a million zillion wishes .. 
ohhhh , i'm so confused ! 
is over it . =) 
hmmm . ;) 
you ain't gonna tie me down . ;) 
i'm well seasoned , if you couldn't tell . =) haha . 
i'm pretty sure that you got your own recipe . ;) 
wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww . 
a little better . =) 
pretty good . =) 
haha , wowww . ;) 
you know exactly what you got , and i don't know you at allll . 
this tri seems funnn . =) 
you can't tie me down like a pair of shoe strings . 
dangggggg it . 
i REALLY don't want to go to school . 
sooooooooooooooo , i miss running . 
TGIF . =) 
tired of dumb fighting ! 
can't wait for spring break ! ;) 
;) one more day ! 
on to the next one . ;) 
ughh , i'm losing my voice ! 
spring break !! ;) 
bone scan tomarrow . :/ 
ughhhh , well almost all of my plans for spring break are ruined . =/ 
ughhhh ! 
< PROPFEMALE > o , i decided i'm gonna start being a nicer person . =) and not be < PROPFEMALE > lazy , haha . 
let's hangg . ;) 
wowwww , people are so dumb , i swear ! 
\Life is too short to waste time hating anyone . \"" 
let's < PROPFEMALE > ! =) 
worst spring break EVER . :/ 
isn't oklahoma wonderful ? :/ 
mo hawk n son ! =) 
you cant tie me down like a pair of shoe strings . Yeah you cute , so what ? 
goooood morninggg . =) 
you cant tie me down like a pair of shoe strings . 
DANG IT ! :/ 
buenos dias . =) 
FINALLY got my cross country hoodie . =) 
daaaaang , why am i < PROPFEMALE > picky ? 
good morningggg . =) i wish i could skip my fourth hour . 
bad dayyyy . hopefully tomarrow's better ! 
soooo , my < PROPFEMALE > got into a fight in front of my house . and i got bit . :( owieeeee . 
going to bedd ! in a muchh better mood now !! :) 
ummmm , so much for my plans todayy ?? :/ 
goodnighttt . :)) 
good day . :) 
goodnight :) 
gooooooooooooooooooood morningg :) 
is all smiles :)) 
:)) 
goooooooooooodnight :) 
oh shooot . today's april fool's day .. 
track meeeeeeeeeeet . 
< PROPFEMALE > , i missed the track bus . 
good day ;) going to beddd , goodniiiiiiight . 
soooooooooo boreddd :/ 
FINALLY getting my appitite back :) 
hmmmm :/ 
happy easter :) 
i love my friends :) 
soooooooo , i finally decided to start doing my homework from now on :) 
don't you hate it when you can't stop being mad at someone ?? 
daaaang , why are people so confusingggg ? 
now when the sun come up , i be there to say \what up ? \ " in the mornin ' . " 
hmmm , what to do ... 
ohh , nothin's sweeter then summer time , and american honeyy :) 
hmmmmm , who's gonna talk first ???? 
i hate how things change so fast . 
yesterday is history , tomorrow is a mystery , today is a gift , that is why they call it the present . :) 
getting darkerrr :) 
Happy moments , praise God . Difficult moments , seek God . Quiet moments , worship God . Painful moments , trust God . Every moment , thank God . 
i don't wannnna go to the aquarium todayy ..! 
FINALLY get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my lovely senior :) 
good day :) 
i REALLLY don't want to go to school todayy . 
i absolutely hate fighting ! and arguingg .. :/ 
\i love you\ " is very different from \ " love you \"" 
goooooooooooooood night :) 
i reallllllly want some TOMS . 
stilll don't feel good :/ Goooooooooooooood nightttt . 
physical therapy makes you tired . 
goooooooooooooooooood morning !! :) 
worst mood .. 
is just hoping for the bestt ! 
april's showers bring may's flowersss . :) 
i'm thinking i'm done . 
colbie caillat has some of the best music ever :) 
this is reallllllly bugging me . 
is good :) 
boring day ! 
i lovee making new friends :) 
orthodontist at 9:10 then school , then physical therapy at 3:30 . i get to miss half of school :) 
this time babyyyy , i'll beeee bulletproof :) 
there's nothing sweeter then summer time , and american honey . :) 
what would i do without music ? 
i am dying of starvation here . 
i'm thinking i'm gonna curl my hair tomarrow :) 
be mindful of what you throw away , careful of what you push away , and think hard before you walk away . 
wowwwwwww :/ 
how do people understand metal and screamo ? it just sounds like they're screaming . 
i'm probobly having the most boring saturday night ever . 
OK , it's alright with me some things are just meant to be , it never comes easily , and when it does I'm already gone . 
can you \unlike\ " pages ?? " 
“you cannot hate other people , without hating yourself” 
if death meant just leaving the stage long enough to change costume and come back as a new character ... would you slow down ? or speed up ? 
“Life's disappointments are harder to take when you don't know any swear words . ” 
i am easily satisfied with the very best .. :) 
“We have no right to ask when a sorrow comes , ' Why did this happen to me ? ' unless we ask the same question for every joy that comes our way . ” 
I think the only reason everyone holds on to memories so tightly is because memories are the only things that don't change when everything and everyone else does . 
i FINALLY get to try to run tomarrow in physical therapy ! :) 
\To wish you were someone else is to waste the person you are . \"" 
dang itttttttttttt , physical therapy could've gone wayyy better :/ 
Be yourself ; everyone else is already taken . 
you are confusing .. 
well , here we go again . 
mmm , mexican breakfasts are the best :) 
so i don't like the new info tab on my profile .. 
good morning ! :) 
on an iPad at best buy :) 
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option . 
\Some cause happiness wherever they go ; others whenever they go \"" 
gooooood morning :) 
don't tell me you hate someone unless you mean it . 
ohhhh , some people .. :) 
buenos dias :) 
my mind runs , and i could never catch it , even if i got a head start . 
buenos noches :) 
life is gooood :) 
my brother and his friend would be the kids to spaz at the the 5th grade concert . 
it's FINALLY friday :) 
i am easily satisfied with the very best . :) 
ughhh , why can't i find a good song to listen to ? 
if you're looking for an open book , look no further , i am yours . 
happy mothers day :) 
well this is cool ..... not . 
by now you should have somehow realized what you're not to do 
my biggest fear will be the rescue of me . 
ughhhhhhhhhh :/ 
well .. 
tornado in oklahoma city .. i hope it stays there . 
why is everyone freaking out ? i'm not saying i want tornadoes or anything , but really now , you live in oklahoma , you should be used to it . 
i reallly don't like being confused . i don't like missing people i shouldn't miss . i don't like being ignored . and i realllly don't like being in such a bad mood . 
gooood morning !! i hope today's a good day :) 
nevermind , today was just ruined already :/ 
today wasn't so bad :) 
wellll tonight was pretty interesting .. haaaa . 
gooood morninggg :) 
48 on my EOI :) 
just hoping for the best as always :) 
gooooooood nighttt :) 
yay :) 
babysitting .. how fun .. 
life is pretty dang good :) 
sundays are always < PROPFEMALE > boringg . 
pretty good monday :) 
lately i'm begining to find that i should be the one behind the wheel . 
good morning :) 
oh myyy , he's just too sweet :) 
why can't today just be the last dayyy ? 
hanging with my lovely jenks < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rogers Ford :) 
woww , that virus thing that got sent to everyone is really anoyingg . 
guess i'm not going to graduation :( 
couldn't be happier with the way things are going :) 
the world better prepare , for when i'm a billionaire :) 
lazy day :) 
ohhhh my gooodness . 
hmmmmmmm , timing is everything . 
LAST DAY ! :)) 
it's about time :) 
exhausted , but couldn't be happier :) 
first day of summer and it seems like everyone's on facebook ? 
church was muy bien :) 
Floating down a river named emotion , Will I make it back to shore , Or drift into the unknown ? 
swim suit shopping today :) lake alll weeekend :) 
2nd day of summer , and i have a horrible day .. great . 
anything that could go wrong will go wrong at the worst possible moment . 
gonna be optimistic :) 
leaving for the lake this afternooon :) 
home early :) 
and the summer is a bummer if you can't leave this pathetic excuse for a town . 
please , prove me wrong , that would make my dayyyy ! 
the world's a roller coaster , and I am not strapped in , maybe I should hold with care . 
all i really wanna do is get out of my house , and i'm stuck babysitting all day . great . 
either i'm giving up too easily , or i'm just realizing what's best . 
i can remember , when it was me .. 
don't you just love boring summer nights ? ughh . 
ohhh , how i just love summer :) 
hmmm , nothing to do todayyyy . hit me up if you wanna hangg :) 
hmmmmm , should i take my sisterrrr to the parkk ? 
waddup bum ? ;) 
ummmm , i'm gonna be lame and post this thing . haaaaa . \ 
\Like\ " this status and ill write something I like about you on your wall . Post this if your brave . " 
i wish i had a pool :( 
i wannnna go swimming SO bad :( 
listening to leaked songs from thank me later :)) 
why is today so boring ? 
gonna get new running shoes todayyy :) 
feels good to run again :) 
can't wait for tomarrowwwwww :)) 
big splash tonighttt :) 
almost got < PROPFIRST > deluro's autograph , but didn't:/ 
you're about as reliable as paper shoes in bad weather . 
hmmmm , what to do todayyy ? swimming tomarrowwwww :) 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > norton and FINALLY got to swimming :) 
rain , rain , go away :( 
i just love finding new songs that i could listen to over and over :) 
i realllllllllly dislike fake people . 
black gold days tonight :) 
black gold days was muy bien :) 
ran realllllllllllly slow today with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! nowwww , time for sleep :) 
nappppp timeeee :) 
going swimming at the community centerrrr :) 
hmmmm , what to do todayyyyyy ? 
not so happy .. 
soooooo , i realllllly wanna go to the mall . 
soooo , i'm pretty sure i'm doing something wrong , but i couldn't figure it out to save my life . awesome . 
life is goooood :) 
i think i'm gonna die from bug bites ! 
being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . it means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections . 
things just keep gettin ' worse ! 
it better not rain tonighttt ! 
hmmmmmm , i really wanna go to the mallll . 
Like this status and I'll tell you what I like , dislike , love , first \ 
impression , and confession . 
hmmm , it's the middle of summer , everyone can do what they want , soooo why are there so many kids on facebook right now ? 
edge of < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > mayer . best song ever :) 
tired of everything , i thinkkkk it's time for some changeee . 
stuck not knowing what i want , again . 
it needs to hurry up and be july 28th ! 
horchata .. mmm :) 
starbucks right after cross country is always a good idea :) 
i can do better baby , i can't do better now . 
ohhhhh < PROPFEMALE > , i love you . 
i really really really really realllllllllly want to go swimming today . 
today was a good day :) 
done :) 
9 more days :) 
you realllly don't realize what you have ' till it's gone . 
say baby , I had to mention that if you were a < PROPFEMALE > , you'd be the one Im searching for . 
try to make it simple , the ones that make it complicated never get congratulated . 
dos días más :) 
soooo in the find your love video , does anyone understand that guy drake is talking to in the begining ? all i could understand is \bad man\ " . and i think \ " mad man \"?" 
leaving for mission trip today :) 
back home ! i miss everyone already :( 
practice tomarrow ! i'm gonna die :( 
thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , my arms hurt :( 
ughhhhhh , i need a job ... in glenpool . 
guys , please don't chew your nails , that's very gross and unattractive ! 
it's always nice to find out you were lied to for months . 
from now on , gonna start holding my breath when you come around and you flex that fake grin , ' cause something inside me has said more than twice that breathing less air beats breathing you in . 
1 staiger , 2 roath , 3 harriman , 4 fancher , 5 cross country . 
shopping :) 
If you only do what you know you can do , you never do very much . 
church todayyyyy :) 
couldn't get a schedule change .. 
finally uploading the videos from bigsplash :) 
got my schedule changed :) . < PROPFIRST > , roath , harriman , fancher , and cross country . 
Church es muy bueno :) . 
last day of summer , and it's gonna rain . awesome .. :/ 
does anyone know if harriman has first or second lunch ? 
i'm ready for the weekend already ! 
peanut butter ? :) 
lock in tonight :) 
had an amazing time with some amazing kids ! pulled an all nighter , now time for lots of sleep :) 
soooo tired ... 
why is everyone getting married now ? 
there is no one like You ! :) 
first race todayyyyy ! 
so , i almost died today ! 
did i ever mention how annoying it is when highschoolers act like they're still in middle school ? 
will someone help me get a job ? 
wish i was going to the < PROPFIRST > mayer concert :( 
ugh :/ 
why do i care so much about the little things that really shouldn't bother me at all ? 
can't wait for tomarrow :) 
mowing is not fun .. 
where you invest your love , you invest your life . 
these allergies are kicking my butt :( 
i get to see my pretty friends today :) 
so much for doing better on the last one mile race .. 17 seconds slower ! ughhh . 
i am now watching the < PROPFEMALE > bride thanks to everyone at kyndal's party .. 
i seriously need to stop worrying over everything . 
church with my pretty friends :) 
i think i finally found that missing something :) 
life just keeps getting better :) 
ugh , don't you just love having a dream and waking up to find out it's not real ? 
my head told my heart let love grow , but my heart told my head this time no . 
it seems like everyone from glenpool is two faced now ! 
set my alarm at the wrong time ... and i missed the bus .. 
< PROPMALE > 6:27 -28 <3 
church , shopping , maybe concert of prayer , then redefining beautiful . perfect day :) 
watching wall-e :) 
welll , i guess i'll do it too ... like this status and i'll tell you the truth ! :) 
race at holland hall tomarrow ! ughh , i'm nervous :( 
if it's important to you , it's important to God . 
uhh , say baby i had to mention that if you were a < PROPFEMALE > , you'd be the one i'm searching for . 
dueces remix with drake , t.i , kayne , fabolous , and < PROPFIRST > 3000 ... :) 
couldn't be happier :) 
Kyndal Jayroe ! want's to post something as < PROPFEMALE>'s status but doesn't what to put ... 
another great weekend :) 
i love how one little thing can just make your whole day :) 
uhmm , welll got pulled over with < PROPMALE > and then almost hit a cat ..... 
why am i so horrible at deciding what i want ? :/ 
getting a phone for sure next month ... :) 
concert of prayer and girls group tonight :) 
can't wait to see my pretty friends :) 
finally has a phone :) 
ohhh i just love it when my nights are ruined ... 
my little sister said the little mermaid is for little kids ... 
ugh .. i REALLY don't want to go to school today .. 
i really need to stop being so lazy .. 
i'm reallllly getting tired of this school stuff ... 
frustrated with everything :/ 
church , < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > , rollar skating 80's night followed by a few 80's songs before worship done by the best youth group band ever . i must say i had a wonderful day :) 
< PROPFEMALE > , cooper , staiger , roath , and track ! anyone ? :) 
But I say to those who hear , love your enemies , do good to those who hate you , bless those who curse you , and pray for those who mistreat you . - < PROPMALE > 6:27 -28 
why do i always get my hopes up and just end up dissapointing myself in the end ? 
girls group tonight :) 
why are people so mean to someone who's just different ? 
looking forward to sleeping in :) 
i just love < PROPFIRST > mayer's unreleased songs :) 
where is the nahs and nhs induction thing at ? 
happy thanksgiving :) 
one more month ' till christmas :) 
finally watched the < PROPFEMALE > and the frog :) 
i hate stupid , pointless fighting . 
going to the 4th grade concert for my little sister :) 
why must i always over complicate everything for myself ? 
26 . okayy even though i deleted that post i'll still do yours ! anywayss , i'm glad i have classes and lunch with you this tri < PROPFEMALE > o i can finally get to know you ! i think it's annoying when people say we look alike even though we don't , but you're really pretty < PROPFEMALE > it's okay :) 
is it possible to care too much ? 
< PROPFIRST > Cravello loves < PROPMALE > Hizer <3 
sooooo , i've decided i realllly want to go to rhema ! 
sitting all alone in the waiting room at the doctors :( 
i just love my youth group :) p.s. goood job < PROPFEMALE > ! 
i'm sooooo ready for christmas break .. 
sooooo happy it's winter break ! i get to be lazy for two whole weeks :) 
hates it when i'm hungry but there's NOTHING i want to eat at home . 
157 days ' til summer vacation .. 
it makes me sad that my 10 year old sister doesn't believe in < PROPFEMALE > anymore :( 
it's almost christmas .. :) 
mexican mommy + christmas = yummy real mexican food :) 
why can't i just have a normal dream for once ? that would be nice . 
i hate it when i can't find a song that fits my mood .. 
i NEED to find something to do todayyyyy . 
withhhh kyndal jayroe and < PROPFEMALE > adams ! :) 
i'm very jealous of all my friends who don't have school tomorrow .. 
you can plan a pretty picnic , but you can't predict the weather . 
oh , my loving sister said it doesn't look like i'm wearing makeup and that i need to wear more .. 
35 more minutes ... 
i think it's funny when my little brother is playing call of duty yelling at all the people when he's not even wearing headphones ... 
happy as can be :) 
oh , i just love waking up at three in the morning and not being able to go back to sleep ... 
i love good hair days <3 
first impression ! 
uhmmm , did anyone elses power go out .....? 
131 days ' til summer <3 
i think camp kivu is rad !!! 
at genghis grill with the wonderful clarissa ! :) 
according to < PROPFEMALE > Hizer , if i become a phchiatrist , i'm going to meet some complete phychopath make him better , then run off to vegas and marry him .. how wonderful ..... i can't wait .. 
truth is . 
i dislike being home with nothing to do ... 
ahhh , had a wonderful night with some wonderful people :) 
no school for me today :) 
stars go dim concert tonight :) 
i'm racking my brain to find the words to say , but my heart and my mouth just won't cooperate . 
107 likes .... Bayleigh < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
i think i'd rather be at school instead of being stuck inside my house with NOTHING to do . 
ughhhh , i need to start working out again ... 
why is it snowing ... again ...? 
how do people get \our\ " and \ " are\ " confused when spelling ...? " 
skype ! jasmine . alexis . morris 
sinus headaches are the worst ... 
i wish someone could rescue me from glenpool , i'm tired of being stuck in house basicly every snow day .. 
gonna make sure today's a good day :) 
Winter jam :) 
ahhh ... people confuse me . 
\I think < PROPFIRST > LeMoine is the coolest guy ever !!!! \ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
\ < PROPFIRST > LeMoine makes me give him my phone just to change my facebook status \"- < PROPFIRST > " 
soooo , i'm at schlotzky's and a guy comes in talking about murdering children and told me not to stick my leg out or the fire will catch it ... 
everyone always gets in a relationship or breaks up this time of the year .. 
