loves Basketball . 

watchn the Cowboys vs . Eagles ! Cowboys got this NFC East locked up . 
watchin Cowboys vs . Eagles . Cowboys got this NFC East locked up ! 
is about to watch Game 5 of the NBA Finals : Magic @Lakers .. 
is needs sumtin to do tomorrow . 
pitched and hit good tonight and got real dirty lol .. some pple shouldn't talk crap b4 a game if they can't back it up haha jk .. praying for the Webber Family R.I.P < PROPFEMALE > Webber 
is getting ready for the game ! 
Girl you know I-I-I , Girl you know I-I-I . 
is everybody know the razorbacks gone come back ! lol 
has pitching prac tomorrow for all-stars . 
is home from prac . wonderin what ima do today 
got baseball practice tomorrow . 
is watchin the LSU vs . Texas game .. got baseball prac tomorrow . 
is like < PROPMALE > Jones for LSU is pretty good ! 
LSU Tigers = 2009 NCAA CWS Champions ! 
is wonderin what we gone do at prac . today . 
is R.I.P < PROPFIRST > Jackson ! :( 
is at my cuzins house playin da 360 . 
second place is just the first loser . 
is R.I.P < PROPFIRST > Mays . 
\Anything's Possible \"- Kevin < PROPFEMALE > " 
doesn't know how to add pics from a phone .. sumbody inbox me ! lol 
is R.I.P < PROPMALE > McNair . 
just got done havin a war w/fireworks ! not even tired . : it must still be that adrenaline pumpin .. i have nothin to do now but be bored . 
thinks life is like a box of terrible anaolgies . 
says remember : some days you're the pigeon and some days you're the statue . 
just got back from Benton .. beat < PROPMALE > 9-3 !.. i pitched 3 innings , gave up one run .. 2-3 with a homerun . ( got walked twice ) . next game tonight at 7 . 
just got back from Benton .. beat < PROPMALE > 10-3 !.. i pitched 3 innings , gave up one run .. 2-3 with a homerun . ( got walked twice ) . next game tonight at 7 . 
is leavin for the game .. good luck to the 15 yr olds .. 3-0 in state let's keep it goin 14's . 
can't wait for the game tomorrow .. one more win and we in the finals ! 
my car so new but my money so old , my grill iced out so my barbeque is cold . 
is gettin ready for the game .. 
is State Championship game tonight against < PROPMALE > or LRJD in < PROPMALE > ! 
is watchin ' cops . lol 
is watchin ' the Kansas City Royals @ Texas Rangers . 
is like does anybody remember when T.O. had that fake suicide ? 
just got back from football practice , now i got baseball practice at 1 . 
is bout ' to go to practice . 
LRJD tomorrow at noon and then idk . 
is watchin Shooter on TNT . Ready for LRJD tomorrow . 
is chattin with Big L lol .. ready for the game tomorrow . 
is getting ready for the game and my birthday is tomorrow . 
is ready for the game tomorrow @ < PROPMALE > against Fort Smith . Today is my Birthday . 
is about to get off here still kinda tired from football practice . 
tell her to make an appointment with mr. i can't make an appointment . 
is wonderin why these people gotta b so difficult . 
what's up brah ? 
is like damn Tiger how u let < PROPFEMALE > win . 
Usain Bolt , 9.58 100m 
3 , 2 , 1 blast off you bastards , spaceship doors my garage is nasa . 
wants to go to school tomorrow ! 
is ready to catch a 50 yd TD pass . lol 
oh it's like that ?, yea it's like that . 
is watchin ' Monday Night Football ! 
really needs a new prof pic . haha 
how ' bout dem hogs lol 
doesn't understand . 
needs to work my catching . 
is ready for chapel tommorrow . 
wonders why people poke me on here haha 
< PROPFIRST > Cowboys ... 34-21 . 1-0 
way to blow the game Bills .. Patriots suck , just got lucky . 
-Requiem for a Dream . 
is listenin to music 
is ready for the game tomorrow!It's Bear Season . 
is watchin Sunday Night Football ! Colts @ Cardinals ! 
is watchin Sunday Night Football ! Go Cardinals ! 
is glad we won last night . 
Steelers are dominating ! 
13-0 Arkansas ! Im feelin a upset ! 
2 0-0 Arkansas ! Arkansas got this . 
watchin the Cowboys vs . Falcons ! < PROPFEMALE > know the cowboys got this . 
is talking to someone very special 
if the Cowboys win they'll be in first place . 
messed up bad .. 
is Stupid . 
he ** yeah Indianapolis gettin smoked ! 
New England got this . 
Camden Fairview next .. 
< PROPMALE > McCluster went beast 
is going to Phoenix tomorrow .. 
lets go Arkansas ! 
Tejada sucks along w/LSU . 
is wondering why Tarzan doesn't have a beard .. 
lil < PROPMALE > look f***ed up now . lmao 
is watchin the < PROPMALE > game . 
Nebraska-12 , Texas-10 ... finish them Nebraska ! 
look like the Redskins about to get the saints . 
is watchin the Cowboys vs . Giants .. Cowboys ' bout to be 9-3 ! 
- < PROPFIRST > Ingram . 
:( 
How ' bout them Cowboys ?? 
is thinkin about that beautiful girl ! (hint .... g ? \{) &m ... ) " 
can't wait ' til Christmas ! 
it needs to stop raining 
watchin Clemson about to upset NC 
is ready for that game tomorrow boyyy ! 
thy will not mine be done . 
Vikings+Jets = Superbowl .... Jets = Superbowl Champions .. haha 
Wow , the Vikings got cheated . 
life is good right now . 
is at home . still sick 
can't play tomorrow . 
is ready to watch them Colts run through the Saints ! 
Colts got this . 
All the Way Turned Up ! 
is stupid 
another ice day .. I can't believe :) 
hand down , man down . 
wonderin how many people goin to daybreak tomorrow . 
i'm so fast before I leave I been gone . 
USA is goin beast mode in Hockey . 
got my phone back . Hmu 
. 
is ready for that game tomorrow . 
PCT 56% --- Rank 2,081,687 --- PPR 1830 so far in my bracket . 
Georgetown and Vanderbilt butt f'd up my bracket man . 
Mississippi State . 
my bracket pretty much sucks now . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > is back . 
J.R. Smith be lookin high on the court . 
< PROPMALE > Cook --[[[------ ]]] -- . 
Butler about to get the upset ! 
BUTLER ! 63-59 . 
can't stand people who make plans and cancel at the last minute . Absolutely cannot . Unless there's a plausible reason . 
all poodles are dogs but not all dogs are poodles . 
Does anybody else think Butler's gonna win besides me ? 
im callin it .. Stanford 60-54 over UCONN ! 
why black folks so loud ? lol 
< PROPMALE > Cook ugly hahahaha . 
about to get somethin to drink im thirsty as a mug . 
Tiger Woods is still good as hell . 
this week goin by too slow . 
and we dont want no problems , okay you're a goon but whats a goon to a goblem 
and we dont want no problems , okay you're a goon but whats a goon to a goblin . 
sittin in study hall . 
needs somethin to do ! 
You know its been a long game when the position players have to come in and pitch .. ^18th inning Cardinals vs . Mets ! 
might be gettin my hair braided . 
got my hair braided . 
Where the party at ? 
is praying for her and her family ! 
Hey pal , where'd you get that sandwich ? 
apparantly there's an invisible tornado somewhere . 
cowboys got dez bryant , we goin to da superbowl fa sho now lol 
at dollar general buyin my cereal for tomorrow . Cereal Squad ! 
in study hall waitin for lunch to be here ! Cereal Squad !! 
cant wait for this summer and football . 
is watchin the Celtics @Cavaliers ! 
< PROPMALE > James > Black Mamba ! 
Cavs makin a comeback ! 
why do refs get so dramatic when they call offensive fouls ?? lol 
Omg I cant believe this ! 
Ima Beast , you a pet , AK long neck , Keith Sweat . 
doesnt know about this anymore ! 
Hmm 
feels bad for what I did . 
come on Lebron 
can't stop thinking about her ! Sorry for what I did ! Man I wish I had a time machine . 
dang my knee hurt but atleast phoenix tied the series up and we won tonight ( WT ) . cant wait for this weekend with < PROPFEMALE > . 
is sittin in study hall . 
bout to watch the blindside . 
is ready to watch the Celtics to get this win . 
is goin to get my hair braided . 
on the way to fayetteville . 
dang people really gettin mad cuz the lakers bout to lose lol 
its funny how some people are only laker fans at the end of the year during the playoffs . 
I wish I could be a fake lakers fan lol 
somebody come shake my head . 
Red Sox vs . Yankees , Celtics vs . Lakers , White Hall vs . < PROPMALE > ... 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jr. is a beast . 
GOAL ! 
South Carolina > UCLA . 
South < PROPFEMALE > ! 
good job guys . 
L2MS . 
Lebron , D-Wade , Bosh = NBA championship . 
6 o'clock! 
once again its us and < PROPMALE > . 
cant wait 4 season 2 of Jersey Shore . 
cant wait to go to Louisiana . 
Regional Champs ! World Series bound !! 
watchin some football . 
this weekend goin by so slow . 
lifes a beach , im just playing in the sand . 
Jersey shore is the shitt .. 
ready for them cowboys to whoop up on them redskins tomorrow ! 
GS . 
HOW DID WE MEET ? Copy this on your status and see who remembers . 
no matter what you do , somebodies gonna think it was a bad decision . 
Tired of the same ol stuff frm ppl 
gone get yo camera phone out , its a photoshoot 
is out there . 
Wow ! 
whose gonna be the new #1 in College Football ? 
on my way to OBU . 
wow ... Ohio State sucks . 
Rangers vs . Giants in World Series . 
Playoffs ! 
hmm .. LSU finally played somebody and they lost . 
big game this week against Chapel . 
Text me 
everything I ate tasted good today 
Arkansas ' bout to blow these boys out . 
< PROPFIRST > Owens is a beast idc what anybody says . 
when some people spell words wrong , I wonder if they actually try to sound it out because some people just be way off . lol 
Stupid ion quiz . 
I'm sorry . 
The SEC always has the best football games every week . 
the NFL is so violent . 
can't wait ' til our first game . 
man aint this some bs . 
Football field at 2 if you wanna play . 
had a good day . 
Happy Thanksgiving Everybody !! 
old people in my family crack me up forreal lol 
< PROPFIRST > Williams , you suck 
24-0 , come on Auburn . 
Football at the field if you wanna play 
< PROPMALE > for Heisman ! Auburn for the BCS title game . 
Touchdown Arkansas ! 
Razorbacks > Tigers . 
< PROPFIRST > Jefferson , you are not Cam < PROPMALE > . 
what's wrong with people these days ? 
its all about how you finish a ball game that counts . 
Heat @ Cavs , Lebron returns . lol 
and you know what they say when you great , its not murder its assassinate . 
Good job Lady Bulldogs on the championship ! I'm ready for Dec 14 
i guess ill play the < PROPFIRST > game since im boredd .. inbox me < PROPFIRST > people ! 
12 -- you a beast at basketball and you cool to talk to . 
1 -- I don't really know you but you seem nice .. lol 
111111111111 --- you gone be our kicker next year , you good at baseball , and when yall gone take that picture dude ?? lol 
8 -- you have a bright future ahead of you . 
420 -- I haven't talked to you in forever , where you been ? lol 
34 -- you need to stay awake in coach < PROPFIRST > class lol but you the best dancer i've ever seen , no homo 
21196--you're one of my best friends , best friends , you're funny and you always smell good 
10 -- you have a good personality and you have a look-alike ahah 
25 -- you don't talk to me anymore at church lol and you use to date one of my best friends 
13 -- well I dunked on you in practice yesterday , but you do have a better jumpshot than you know who , and we gettin crunked for the game this weekend and next tuesday 
323 -- you my homeboy's girlfriend and you have some pretty nice friends lmao and you're a good girl who's always innocent 
69 -- umm you're sexy , i think you have a good personality even though you always disagree with me but I like it because you're so cute and cuddly :))) 
987 -- uhmm you're cute and we had a math class in 9th grade haha 
16--you're my best friend , you always smell good , your locker is right beside mine , you don't like our 4th period teacher very much , your birthday is on October 12th , you play softball , your hair always looks nice ! 
5--you'll probably start at corner next year , you gonna be playin on the varsity team in basketball with me by the end of the season , and you got hops . 
841 -- I LOVE AND MISS YOU !!! You need to get your phone back !! :) :) 
more < PROPFIRST > !! 
1 -- i like yo dreads(no homo lol ) , you about to go D1 in football , i always get a good laugh whenever you roastin somebody , i look up to you bruhh 
321 -- you a baller , you got handles , you always come fresh to school 
354--you're a beast in baseball , you still think you can shoot a 3 on me , you fast for a white boy lol , and you and your gf are cute together 
is ready for December 14th and Christmas break ! 
Inbox me < PROPFIRST > people ! 
003 -- your nickname is radiation , we played on the same babe < PROPFEMALE > team this year , and you were my favorite 14 yr old lol 
004 -- I see you at church almost every wednesday , ronnie is one of your bestfriends , you go to lame Watson Chapel lol , and you're cute 
88 -- we been cool since seabrook when we were little , both of our all < PROPFEMALE > teams went to the world series this year , and you got a big head lol 
88 -- you were my favorite senior last year , you played softball , you and < PROPFEMALE > were best friends , and what you call me is my favorite nickname lol 
5--you're not the smartest kid on the block lol but you're my third favorite person from < PROPFEMALE > lol and you and my friend are dating i think Haha 
14 -- you were my favorite senior last year , you played softball , you and < PROPFEMALE > were best friends , and what you call me is my favorite nickname lol 
Ù17--you're one of my favorite people even though you always bully me for no reason lol , you're funny , smart , you stay on your phone constantly at school , you 
Ù're the tallest girl i know lol jk , and you're very mature 
Û0 -- you and your brother used to live down the street from me , you're like a sister to me , you have really pretty friends , you're gonna be a cheerleader for 
Ûthe < PROPFIRST > Cowboys one day lol , i miss your whole family including YOU the most , and I might see you soon 
35 -- You always mean mug me in the hallways lol , you always bully me , you're short , and you're always smiling 
26--you're a beast at softball , you say hey to me almost everyday , you're always posted up across from me in the hallway , and you're cute 
Þ22222222--you're a beast at basketball , softball , and volleyball , you're funny , you have to deal with some crazy moms lol , you're fun to talk to ;) , im sad we d 
Þon't have a class together this year , you tell the best jokes and have the best pick up lines , and you're beautiful ! 
1--you're fun to talk to , you're pretty , you live a million < PROPMALE > away , you always have a different profile pic when I talk to you , and you always say my pick up lines are lame . lol 
< PROPFIRST > people ! 
3 -- i see you everyday in the halls , and you're always smiling 
01023 -- you NEVER talk to me lol and you're cute 
403--you're my favorite person from chapel lol , ive only seen you once , and you get crazy on the weekends ! 
000026 -- your nickname is redfield and you're always bullying me lol 
51--you're pretty strong , pretty good at football , and you a cool dude 
87 -- you a cool dude , i miss last year's football season , and you were my favorite fat boy even above < PROPFIRST > lol 
007 -- you were my favorite rookie , you always have something positive to say , and youre cool lol 
44--we're friends 
O541--you're beautiful , really flexible ;) , you never talk to me when you're in a bad mood , we've had our share of good and bad times but we're still close , an 
Od you're going far in life 
9999 -- you my brutha lol , you owe me $20 cuz I had more packs than you this year , you always laughin in the hallways and we been cool since moody 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is the best receiver in the NFL right now in my opinion . 
.... because I didn't point at < PROPFEMALE > after I dunked I'm letting everyone know they were for her :) and < PROPFEMALE > is the best bestfriend anyone could ask for !! :D 
had a pretty good day . 
Anybody have any gum I can have 
needs somethin to do after school . 
I wish I could rewind time to about a year ago . 
Got the win 50-43 . 
i've made a lot of mistakes in my life but this is probably the one I regret the most . 
Wow ... 
where all the Saints fans at ?? 
who wants to come play in the snow with me ? 
I've been looking at some of these snowmen on facebook and just about all of them would put mine to shame . 
had a good time at church .. wow its cold outside ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Summer were here . Next time log off Fag (: hahahahah 
I have a question : why do girls like vampires so much ? 
Chapel's referees cheated me out the game . 
is leaving Friday morning . 
is too sore . 
Why are we in school today ? 
No School Tomorrow ! 
The difference between a successful person and others is not the lack of strength or knowledge but the lack of will . 
Grammy Awards ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Minaj = Black Lady Gaga . 
.... 
Sorry everybody 
Ed , Edd'n , Eddy . 
Why is everybody mad at me ? 
St. John's is beast mode ! 
Can't a guy have girls as friends without people thinking they're talking ? 
just picked up that 2nd offer from Louisville . 
is excited about tomorrow ! 
got to spend time with the best college football coaches in the country today , had a pretty good time . 
< PROPFEMALE > Stackhouse is the best Best Friend anyone could ever have !! :) 
congratulations to UALR's men and women basketball teams ! 
Follow me on Twitter : @J_Sprinkle19 
is wondering what all he's doing this weekend . 
If you still have a perfect bracket , either you're lucky or you need to get a life . 
Don't tell me I can't have it all , unless you plan to stop me . 
had a great day ! I'm loving Spring Break so far . Can't wait for tomorrow . 
is bored so I guess i'll play the number game ... send me < PROPFIRST > ?? 
23- you're pretty good at basketball , laid back cool dude , and we're in the same life group . 
75- beast at football , even though you don't play real basketball you still have a good shot lol , i wish you good luck in college , and we need yalls class back for football lol 
22- we used to be Spanish partners lol , you always have girl scout cookies or some kind of candy , and you're always talking about something . 
10- haven't really talked to you in a while , you're pretty cool though 
13- really cute , I really don't know you but you seem like a pretty cool person 
21-well well well , i'm shocked to get a number from you , I don't think i've ever had a conversation with you but I know that you don't get jokes very well lol , you're really pretty though 
26- you're pretty cool , never really got to know you yet , good looking 
1994- really cute , fun to < PROPFEMALE > with , nice personality , just an all around fun girl 
7- my ninja , we played on the same little league team when I was 12 , good basketball player , hilarious dude , cool as ice 
8507- pretty cool dude . Hope all is well . 
21- did you fall from heaven ? :) , you need to hmu sometime , you seem like a pretty cool girl , I can tell you have a great personality , really pretty ! 
22- pretty good at basketball even though you got a big head lol , probably < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s biggest fan , cool dude , funny as crap 
16-pretty cool girl . 
16- I'm on the phone with you right now , you're beautiful , fun to talk to and fun to be around , I always make you smile , you're my best friend and I have you in check ;) 
