..... DOCTOR OCTAGONAPUS , BAAAAAAAAHHHH !!! 

is working 32 hours next week . She is going to be very tired . x_X 
is a shadow against the moonlight , waiting ... 
currently drawing pretty pretty ponie- ... I mean pictures . 
The rain rain rain came down down down in rushing rising riveletts . And the rain went and crept out of bed , and crept right into Piglet's! -stuck in mah head- 
Back at Bucer's again , drawing with < PROPMALE > . :D 
Boo < PROPMALE > , Farmville is cool > 8 ( 
wants to know what YOU are going to be for Halloween ! This year , I'm going as Kingdom Hearts ' number one pyromaniac , Axel ! ( Spiking my hair and spraying it red it going to be an adventure ... get ready for a new display pic soon ! ) 
loves playing the old Pokemon Silver on her GBColour <3 
OMG , I caught an Ekans on my Pokemon Silver ! Her name is < PROPFEMALE > .... <3 
has been watching \The Slayers\ " anime with her younger sister ! Great series . " 
is going back to college , woot ! 
is just a little black rain cloud , hovering under the < PROPFEMALE > tree . 
Happy Thanksgiving ! Enjoy it to the fullest !! 
is secretly plotting ... 
is in truth , a YuGiOh ! villian . Remember season four ? The one that nobody liked ...? Oh well , at least there was < PROPFIRST > Green . 
is cold . 
Dashing through the snow To find some Pikachu If we can't find one We'll be super blue But sooner or later Us Teamrocket three Discovered that the Pikachu Are in the family tree Oh ! Pikachu , Pikachu We know where you are And if we cannot find you there We'll know you can't be far Pikachu , Pikachu We know that you're there But if we do not watch our step We'll vanish in thin air ! Teamrocket's blasting off again ...! 
\And it was all because he didn't have the guts to kill Rat . \"" 
is so bored , she's actually going over an essay to try and add more . That's pretty scarry . 
America : The only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment . Yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . 99% of people won't have the guts to copy and repost this !! What about OUR country and OUR people ? 
is going to dye her hair red soon . 
doesn't want to write up her assignments for English class . BLEGH . 
is boop doop < PROPFIRST > doop < PROPFIRST > doop . 
is coming down with a cold ... 
has had so far the worst birthday yet . 
is loving Soul Silver . <3 
MUST . BEAT . FINAL FANTASY X ... 
is at the final boss of FFX ... just gotta kill 10 freaking hard fiends to open the freaking door so she can fight the FREAKING BOSS . GRR . 
Tidus : Pokeball , go ! -Throws a pokeball- -Pokeball rattles once , twice , a final thrice .... success ! - Tidus : Yeah ! -Picks up the pokeball and spins- I caught Yojimbo ! Translation .... I aquired Yojimbo in my aeon arsenal . Watch out , Braska's Final Aeon ! 
Training in the < PROPFEMALE > Ruins .. for this weekend is the final showdown ! Watch out , Braska's Final Aeon , I come for you ! 
Is it stupid that I cried at the end of FFX ...? Everyone : Yes . 8| 
doesn't want to write this paper ... though it is on the Backstreet Boys . Hell yes . > D 
feels sick ... again . 
Uuuuhhh ..... < PROPMALE > guyz . C : 
wants the barking dog to stfu . 
Nothing like cleansing your friend's list of distasteful people . Who needs negativity when you can immerse yourself in positivity ? <3 
Time to crank out the last few panels for the part I'm going to submit for my collage project of Seitokaichou ni Chuukoku Parody ! 
Rain , please go away . You're making my knee hurt . 
just needs more more wheelbarrow of dirt on Petville if anyone is able to gift it . D8 
wishes she had more in town friends so she could run away to them . :( 
wonders about the gift of life ... 
just finished watching Interview with a Vampire . Best freaking movie EVER . Lestat <3 
submitted an online application to Michaels today ! Will check in on it on Tuesday . -keeps fingers crossed- 
OMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOMNOM 
never knew she had so many friends . Last time she counted , she thought there was about ... mm , five . :S 
Come out < PROPFEMALE > , come out wishing < PROPFEMALE > ... Come out , come out wherever you are ... I'm out here in the dark , all alone and wide awake ; come and find me . I'm empty and I'm cold , and my heart's about to break , come and find me . I wish you would come here and find me , ' cause without you I'm totally lost ... I've < PROPMALE > a wish on every < PROPFEMALE > Hasn't done much good so far I can only think of you .... wherever you are . 
I feel like tacos . 
might have a job working at one of the most awesome places in town this fall ! So excited ! ( Nothing worse than starting at a new job where you don't know ANYBODY .. >_>) 
.......................................... I shouldn't have had that Monster drink .............. something , something strange happens when I have energy drinks I've never had before ........... I feel like ... like ..... LIKE SAD SAD PUPPIES IN MY HEART . O_O 
... I wish I had another energy drink . I want to have another energy drink high . :( 
My life has just been refueled with the awesomeness that is TALES OF SYMPHONIA . After two years of waiting , they've finally released the first Tales of Symphonia : Tethe'Alla OVA ... and it was GORGEOUS . Zelos ... I love you so much . Thanks for being made of win ~ <3<3<3 
Well , for me it's waking up beside you ; to watch the sun rise on your face . To know that I can say ' I love you ' at any given time or place . It's the little things that only I know ... those are the things that make you mine ; and it's like flying without wings , because you're my special thing , I'm flying without wings . 
Damn you Blizzard ! > 8 ( 
just finished watching Yami no Matsuei . Wicked awesome ... especially crazy-ass Muraki . Dude , he's keeping a floating head in the basement that he wants to bring back to life by giving it a body ... just so he can kill it again . That's just so fucked up ... but awesome . <3 
Will be attending the PreRelease for the next Pokemon TCG expansion this Saturday in Spokane ! Whee ! 
went to the new doctors today and was told , \Don't forget to use condoms ! \ " Okay doctor ... considering my partner doesn't have the necessary parts to use condoms effectively ... I shall definately remember to use them ...? : X " 
had a feeling today wasn't going to be a good day , and so far that's proved to be true . -sigh- 
wants this week to be over already , damnit . 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . 
Never trust a double-edged sword . 
wants to play CARD GAMES ON MOTORCYCLES !! 
hopes she'll make it home alive . 
is ; ; 
can dance like seaweed . 
is celebrating a six-month anniversary . 
finally beat a < PROPFEMALE > game . <3 
There was a tornado in Moscow , Idaho last night ? Is that what that crazy storm was , lol ...? 
seems to often forget that mage =/ = paladin . Mage goes squish ... moral ; do not run headfirst into a mob of murlocs five levels above you while waving your pointy stick . \ 
\ 
Murloc : MRRRGLGLGLGLGLGLGL !! 
is now the proud owner of an exploded brain . 
Yay , I won the lottery ! ( Not really , but a job is sure close enough . ) 
Uuh ... I'm not the best reader of upside-down text . @_@ 
didn't know there was a ' Pokemon Pledge ' .... College Humor . : B 
is lost and confused .. 
is Dear Diary ; \ 
mood : Apathetic . \ 
My life is spiraling downwards . I couldn't get enough money to go to that Blood Red Romance and Suffocate Me Dry concert . It sucks because they play some of my favourite songs like ' Stab my Heart because I Love You ' and ' Rip Apart my Soul ' ... and of course , ' Stabby Rip Stab Stab ' . 
\If you don't understand a problem ... just ignore it . It's not there if you can't see it . C :\ "" 
gets her laptop back today , yaaaaaay ! ( Still don't see the point in it going away in the first place ) 
is glad her laptop is home . <3 
is estatic ... log on and find out there's a lovely little false antivirus program that somehow got on it ... now has to endure waiting for malwarebytes to do a full scan ... and that means going through aaaaaall the Sims files and aaaaaaaall the WoW files . . - . 
wonders if it's possible to get drunk off of Junjou Romantica . Sure feels like it . 
Lalalalala lalala laaaaaalalalala ! 
\He can walk ! PRAISE JENOVAH !! \ " - The Shinra Files 3 " 
Depression\ 
is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be\ 
strong for too long . Put this as your status if you know someone who \ 
has or has had depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status \ 
for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week . 
hates it when life gets in the way of living . 
went and saw The Sorcerer's Apprentice today in theatres . Awesome ! 
wonders if this is true , the death of Proposition 8 ?? 
just finished watching Tales of Vesperia ~ The First Strike ~ . One hour and fifty minutes of AWESOME . 
In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it . Put this up for 1-hour if you know someone who has / had cancer . 
might have to put their poor < PROPFEMALE > down .. 
just finished watching the mighty awesome anime of The Tower of Druaga . A must see for all fantasy fans . ( It's based off an arcade game produced by Namco . <3 ) 
is mentally preparing for another semester of school come Monday . 
Hello brain , meet school . School , meet brain . Let's hope you two can get along this semester . 
After seven long days of waiting for results on < PROPMALE>'s tumor , the answer finally came ... it was benine . 
HOLY CRAP TODAY IS LIKE AWESOME , FEEL SO GOOD 8D 
NONONO I DUN WANNA BE SICK 
is ready to go crawl under a rock now . 
has finished watching Kuroshitsuji II ... feeling mixed emotions . \ 
Also reading Ouran Host Club and YuGiOh : DUELIST . :D 
You and I wake up in jail together ... using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? Copy & paste this as your status and see what funny things your friends say . 
I'm a cucumber , I'm a cucumber , I'm a cucumber , I'm a cucumber , I'm a cucumber , I'm a cucumber ... please don't take me to the pickle farm ! BUHM ! DAA DAA DUH DUH LAH DUH DUHHHHH .....!! \ 
... BOY AM I < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > OR WHAT ? 
wishes Seitokaichou 3 would hurry the hell up and show it's face ! I WANNA READ IT NAO . 8| 
is being a master procrastinator . 
is NOT in a good mood . There are some days where if I could be perfect , I would sure love to be . I try my best to improve and work as hard as I can , but sometimes , that just doesn't seem like it's good enough . 
NO SNOW , NO !! D8 < 
hates being a procrastinator . 
The secrets of the Clow were all a mystery ... but when this mighty book was opened , the powers were set free ~ 
\ARTHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ " - Tirion Fordring " 
is sad because Christmas doesn't feel like anything significant anymore . 
for once is glad to see snow . 
YEAH !! No longer on probation , this calls for celebration ! ( I'm a great poet and I didn't even know it ... actually , that's a lie . I am a good poet . -gloat-) 
You know you're oldschool when one of the presents you get is an original Power Rangers t-shirt . 
Dear Post Office , please stop holding my envelopes hostage . I would like them very much plz . Thanks and hurry the hell up . - < PROPFEMALE > 
Facebook , change the profiles back to what they used to be . We hate them . Thanks . 
never thought money actually fell from the sky until now . 
Is going laptop shopping tonight . 
Welcome home , Klaus ~ 
I can show you the world .... shining , shimnmering , splendind ~ Tell me , < PROPFEMALE > , now when did you last let your heart decide ? 
WTF , why won't it let me post my screenshot ? Fine . Day 15 was supposed to be a screenshot from Dragon Age : Origins , but I've already posted it three times and it won't work . So too bad . << 
Every party needs a pooper ; that's why they invited you . Party pooper .... Party pooper ... 
likes watching Stupid < PROPFIRST > Brothers . 
Start posting questions here you think would be good for a 30 days of Anime note ! We're gunna make our own ! > D 
So there's this person in my Japanese class that irritates me . She was talking about how her computer runs games real fast , and I turned and asked her , \Oh 
< PROPFEMALE > 
grape 
Just thought of something strange ... Normal-type pokemon are weak against fighting type pokemon . Is ... that supposed to be a reference to real life ? Like saying normal , every day people are weak to bullying or something ? 
is sick with a god-forbidden cold . Thank you cold for plugging up my life . 8| 
hates it when she can't sleep . 
... Did my girlfriend just seriously buy me a PSP for my birthday ? O_O 
Damn you Sony for not making the PSP Go UMD compatable ! > 8 ( 
My birthday cake is going to have rainbows and unicorns on it , I'm not joking ! > 8D 
Love you , Bioware . <3 
Day 12 - Anime Everyone Loves but You Hate\ 
I hate this anime so much I'm not even going to post a picture of it because it makes me barf . I hate Death Note so freaking much . 8 ( 
Someone at the Pokemon League today randomly asked me if I was a shinigami , what would my weapon be ? My immediate answer was ' chainsaw ' . 
Well ... I am glad to have found out that I can tolerate more than one < PROPFEMALE > , though I didn't have more than one because it was still pretty potent ( that's partially because I didn't stir it after it was given to me ... oops . Nothing like drinking straight < PROPFEMALE >!) I remember everything that happened to so I suppose I wasn't drunk . I pretended to humor the family by randomly exclaiming that Alistair loves cheese . 
Thanks to all for the birthday wishes . Here's to another year of not being nonexistant ! 
GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR . 
i have never been drunk , smoked weed , skipped school , egged/ paintballed houses , or had sex ( post this and everyone that thinks your lieing should hit like and see how many you get :) 
WHY BIOWARE WHY ?!!!! Why must elf mages be the ONLY ONES who don't get a wedding scene ?! I wish I had known that before I went and made a bloody elf mage ! -sob- -obligatory emo fangirl rant- 
The normal boobs ( . )( . ) , the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) , the perfect boobs ( o)(o ) . Some boobs are cold (^) (^) , and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ And let’s not forget the very large boobs ( o Y o ) , and very small boobs (.) (.) , and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•) (.) . We want to save them all ! Re-post this message and say WE WILL FIND A CURE FOR BREAST CANCER !!! 
learned how to play Magic : The Gathering the other day . Interesting . 
THEN I SAW HER FACE , DOO DOO DOO DOO ! I'M A BELIEVER ! 
