What do say when your too fucked up 

ttired of the fucking < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > shit he is dead get over it . i know he was a great singer but holy shit 
I LIKE CHICKEN ! 
I LIKE BANANAS 
I LIKE POTATOS 
I LIKE CEREAL 
I LIKE BASEBALL 
I LIKE YOU ! 
I LIKE MOVIES 
I LIKE I LIKE YOU 
DOES ANY BODY WANT TO LASER TAGGIN TONIGHT AND SO FAR ITS < PROPMALE > AND I THAT IS GOIN 
ready for fireworks and setting shit on fire 
FUCK THE USA ! 
what is up with everyone dieing holy shit 
Right , youre bloody well right You know you got a right to say 
duh duh dii duh 
i am retarded so talk to me duh duh duhdiiiii duh 
duh duh i thik mattt iss gey and lik penies duh 
i like potatos 
i like cereal 
i like you 
hahahahahaha < PROPMALE > blows ! 
goin to clive pool with < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > text if you want to go 
goin swimmin friday and its me , < PROPMALE > , and , < PROPFIRST > so message me if you want to go 
who wants to go swimming with me and < PROPMALE > today at 12 or so 
johnston can go suck a < PROPMALE > 
just got back from swimming with < PROPMALE > 
just back from swimming with < PROPMALE > and we were sad :( 
Fuck baseball , and fuck < PROPFIRST > for sucking at catching and thinks hes good 
just got done bowling and i won . :) so suck on it < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!! 
1st < PROPMALE > expl . ( kimble ) 2nd learning center(Peer or Peters ) or PE(baethke ) 3rd speech(fey ) 4th Bio(freeman ) 5th < PROPMALE > 2(jones ) 6th woods(cicero ) 7th algebra 1 again lol(stanly ) 8th world hist early(fred ) 
might be goin to incredible pizza with < PROPMALE > 
all the humanity !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I could use somebody ! 
i will never adopt an orphan in my life !!! 
eating baccon and it is great 
DAMN out of BACCON !!!!! 
time to eat the lt of the blts 
wants johnston to lose against davenport ! 
why the fuck did it go up there twice 
time to hit the old < PROPFIRST > trail ! 
FOR THE LAST TIME GOOD NIGHT DONT LET THE BED BUGS BITE 
This song keeps me goin ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cBz5IdxITP8 
Wants to put the past away ! 
The past caught up with me and i can't get rid of it . 
NOOOOOOOO Zach laws is goin to urbandale . GOD DAMN IT ! HAHA 
HAHA JUST KIDDING 
maybe goin golfing tomarrow , but need more people text me if you want to go . 
i guess i am a prickly bastard who likes to fatten door nobs . haha 
don't know why i tag along 
OMFG !!!!! < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > KNOCKED OUT < PROPMALE > GRIFFIN IN THE FIRST ROUND !!!!!!!! 
soring through paradise ! 
Soaring through paradise when I'm closing my eyes ! 
past 5 days overall is a 10 out 10 
I WIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
What a night ! 
urbandale takes the lead 4-3 woot woot !!! 
Come on urbandale bring this home !!!! 
omfg new york can go suck a < PROPMALE > !!! 
Urbandale losses fuck new york , we'll get them next time . Great job you guys 
Join my group if you hate new yorks as much as i do !!!! 
I AM CHAMPION in < PROPFEMALE > pong ! 
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible , then they seem improbable , and then , when we summon the will , they soon become inevitable . 
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore . 
Every man dies . Not every man really lives . 
Even though we stand alone we stand together . 
had a great day boating ! 
\you can quote my quote \"" 
IOWA all the way 
what now packers fans ! 
Bring back < PROPFIRST > !!!! 
fun night ! 
Fuck today\s technology ! " 
\The < PROPMALE > of living is more like wrestling than dancing . \"" 
dowling is going down 
likes guys 
< PROPMALE > is a fucking fag !!! 
I don't know ... 
Lets go IOWA 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO IOWA WINS !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
i want to now if you have ever seen rain 
my phone fucking broke FML !!!!! 
Iowa is pissing me off ! 
HOLY SHIT !! 
48-0 URBANDALE ALL THE WAY 
Everyone needs to believe in something . I believe I'll have another beer . 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd Marry You . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Tough . 17 : Cute . 18 : Bf/Gf Type . 19 : Player . 20 : The Best . 21 : Freak 22 : Other ( please exlain ) 
fucking hates it when people cant take what they dishout 
And there goes the season ! 
Fucking bored !!!!!!!!!! 
gran torino is a good fucking movie ..... GUKS 
NO ONE should be up this late !!!! Go to bed !!! 
practicee was good , gabe dislocated his wrist !! 
Bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch is all i ever hear !!!! 
IOWA WON !!!!!!!!!!! 
Is fucking sore 
CHICKEN FUCKER ( said in a hick voice ) 
It's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > 
Chasing me is like chasing your tail you’ll never catch it . 
Way to fight < PROPFIRST > kramer !! 
131.4 BITCHES 
doin nothin on a friday night 
< PROPFEMALE > D !!!! :D 
Fun ass night !!!! 
n memory of family and friends who have lost the battle of cancer and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer ? . Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) 
the cookies are baking i repeat the cookies are baking 
if I fall if I die know I lived it to the fullest if I fall if I die know I lived and missed some bullets 
getting ready to destroy ankeny thursday in wrestling !! 
My world turns Flippin ' the bird 
hope to god i make weight thursday 
Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck 
drop it , hit it , dump it , split it don’t stop get it get it 
Fun day of paintballing 
Why must it feel so right when i know that its wrong 
One more week of wrestling :( 
Thats some baby back bull shit ! 
stuntin is a habit ! 
Soaring through paradise when I'm closing my eyes 
If I had an enemy , then my enemy is gonna try to come and kill me Cause I'm his enemy 
Imma do just what I want lookin’ ahead no turnin’ back ! 
Colby , Gabe , and < PROPFIRST > won but Even lost :( 
Goin to the Finals tonight . Lets got J-Hawks !!! 
Done with world history !!!!!!!! 
Got my paintball gun fixed today but i get it tomarrow :) 
If any one wants to go paintballing saturday talk to me !!!! 
woooo for my birthday i get an ION XE paintball gun 
And if I die before I wake , I pray the lord my soul to take ..... 
Have you ever heard of some shit so real , Beyond from the heart , from the soul you can feel . 
thinking about the best girl ever <3 <3 
is there any good scary movies to rent ? 
yeah i smoke that strong alot , yeah i need some of what you got half a pound of lemon kush , call that pack the lemon drop 
I'm supa dupa fly you know that i'm the shit 
Cant wait till Friday 
If I die before I wake , I pray the lord my soul to take ... 
if I fall if I die know I lived it to the fullest , if I fall if I die know I lived and missed some bullets 
Atta boy < PROPMALE > 
Im fueled by hate but im driven by heart 
Is this hy-vee chinese ? 
Once you've wrestled , everything else in life is easy . 
Do not dwell in the past , do not dream of the future , concentrate the mind on the present moment . 
Nothing like being bitched at 2:40 in the morning 
Grounded for the rest of spring break ! Fucking great 
come on UNI . you can do it 
Im am tired of this life . I wish i could start over new but we all know that wont happened . I just got to stick with it the shitty life that i call my own and only hope that it gets better . ( probley Not ) 
I am tired of all this shit put down on me . I cant take it no more . It just needs to stop ! Fuck the world i live in ! 
A pig says meow 
never open a bottle with a screwdriver shit will happen 
Im not happy . fuck you ! 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
I WIN 
UNI WINS !!!!!!! FUCKING YESSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why am i hated so much 
God is great , beer is good , and people are crazy ! 
Ima put it on the line coz it’s my time ! 
Every day I see my dream , But its so hard to get to it , But im not goin to stop for nothin to make my dream come true ! 
I don't care what nobody say I'm a be me , Stay hood , stay raised in the streets ! 
Tell me what do you see When you looking at me On a mission to be What I'm destined to be I done been through the pain and the sorrow The struggle is nothing but love I'm a soldier , a rider , a ghetto survivor And all the above ! 
I'm lost on a road , But survival is a must , Don't know who I can trust , I'm livin in a rush , I don't understand the fuss , My brain is bout to bust 
Hate in my heart , love in my mind I seen nights full of pain , days of the same You keep the sunshine , save me the rain I search but never find , hurt but never cry I work and forever try , but I'm cursed , so never mind And it's worse , but better times seem further and beyond 
What is this thing called life ? 
“Even though we've changed and we're all finding our own place in the world , we all know that when the tears fall or the smile spreads across our face , we'll come to each other because no matter where this crazy world takes us , nothing will ever change so much to the point where we're not all still friends . ” 
Give me my money !!!!! 
It may not mean nothing to y’all , understand nothing was done for me , so i don’t plan on stopping at all , I want this shit forever man 
< PROPFEMALE > is awesome =) 
i thought i told you , im a < PROPFEMALE > 
My word is my pride , But wisdom is bleak , and that’s a word from the wise , Served to survive , murdered and bribed , And when it got too heavy I put my burdens aside 
I love boobies ' 
man i got colors that ain't even on the rainbow ! 
need plans for tonight , so text me 5154947716 
The past is the past you know , Can't worry the past cause that yes-sterday 
I used to dream about , the life Im living now I know that theres no doubt . I made it ! 
Im goin to pluto tomarrow ! 
Aain’t no way I’m let you stop me from causing mayhem , When I say ‘em or do something I do it , I don’t give a damn What you think , I’m doing this for me , so fuck the world 
thanks everybody for the birthday wishs ! 
I'mma be what I set out to be , without a doubt undoubtedly 
what a boring ass day . 
That new new ... I do ... that new new ! 
I smoke I drink I do my thing , I'm livin ' in my own world and if they hate I let them , Who gives a fuck ? Anyone who know about what I do , I'm livin ' in my own world , I chill back and I spread peace n love , yeah ! 
Let me deafly originate so you'll appreciate , The state of mind , When I'm flyin ' high through the friendly skies , Open up your eyes and recognize , Mothership connection connected , Yeah , we gettin ' hella high . 
Fear not where , fear not why , fear not much while we're alive , Life is for living not living uptight , Until you're somewhere up in the sky , Fear not die , I'll be alive for a million years bye bye are not for legends , I'm forever young my name shall survive . 
I hate it when you think about something in your head and it comes out in real life and its not as great as you thought it would be . 
The end is never the end . A new challenge awaits . A test no man could be prepared for . 
I’m still fly I’m sky high , And I dare anybody to try and cut my wings , I’m still pullin out the phantom , And these haters can’t stand him , I’m still doin my thing . 
Cool . Another friday and another friday staying home and doin nothin . 
I'm still fly , I'm sky high ! 
Hey , you guys ! 
One thing I can tell you is you got to be free , Come together right now over me 
Dream as if you'll live forever , live as if you'll die today . 
CHICKEN FUCKER !!!! 
i loveeeeee tynan & ABIIGGAAIILL ;) 
I dont even know anymore ! 
everbody quit saying i did a good job because i did nothing at all ! 
the end is never the end just another start . 
had a fun time seeing the familey i havent seen in awhile , then seeing my parents get drunk at the bar haha classic ! 
the long ass drive home was a good one haha missing the family already , congrats < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > you made it 
Banana bread is the shit !!!!! 
Doin my own thing . 
Im sky high ! 
any body want an invite to lockerz ? send me your email and watch vids and get points for free stuff ! 
Fear not where , fear not why , fear not much while we're alive , Life is for living not living uptight , Until you're somewhere up in the sky , Fear not die I'll be alive for a million years bye bye are not for legends I'm forever young my name shall survive ! 
the dreams that you dreamed of , dreams really do come true . 
who even cares anymore ? 
Did that just happen ? 
who wants to go to the beach tomorrow 
got a little burnt at the beach but it was fun ! 
Not a worry in the world 
Cool ! Another friday staying home and doin nothin . 
Had a good night with the friends watchin a movie and then scaring them ! Oh and < PROPFIRST > finaly grew a pair haha 
life is good today 
Poke\ 
me if < PROPFEMALE > ever had a crush on me ... Like dis status if < PROPFEMALE > think I'm \ 
cute ... inbox me if < PROPFEMALE > wanted a relationship .... now let's see who's brave\ 
enough to copy & paste dis to your status .. DONT EVERYONE START CLICKING AT ONCE 
Boise State moves to the MWC ! WTF 
Had a great day with my friends ! 
Don't stop get it till it's done , From where you are or have begun , I said keep on try a little harder to see everything you need to be , Believe in your dreams , That you see when you're asleep . 
Fuck this ... 
Like a G I hold it down for the town I’m at , And I flash like that , Recognise I’M BACK ! 
Im tired of all this bull shit ! 
I never let you down I’ma shine on sight 
Yay home and now im bored . 
I gotta feel alive , even if it kills me , Promise to always give you me , the real me . 
Still doin my thang ! 
Call me over rated or creative or too jaded , because any way you put it bitch I made it 
CHEESECAKE !!! nuff said 
Okay , No Ceilings motherfucker good morning . 
Goin to the 4th of July parade tomarrow ! yay 
Like this status and ill write something I like , dislike , my first impression , and a confession . 
just got home , my whole body is sore but it was a good night ! 
Never thought my body could hurt this much haha oh well ! 
Well this sucks ... 
Finally doing me and it feels so right . 
Wow everytime i try to do something right or do something good for others i always end up hurting myself so im done trying and im goin to do whats good for me and aint no one goin to stop me for doin me . 
My main bros got my back , thats chill . MLIB . 
Life is pretty chill today . 
1st-Geometry , Banse . 2nd-Gen Chemistry , Hammerand . 3rd-German III , Armstrong . \ 
4th-PE , Baethke-Learning Center , Staples . 5th-Surv Amer Lit , Sheridan . \ 
6th-Intro to Business , White . 7th-Amer History , Brunello . 8th-Learning Center , Staples . 
Never tie a scooter to the back of a truck goin 40 being drove by < PROPFIRST > vannausdle haha it hurts but had a great night ! 
Im not even tired someone talk to me please ! 
WTF MATE ! 
Im so fucking confused right now 
The sky is the limit . 
Had a pretty chill day . MLIB 
Im on my rocket ship flying high again ! 
Best fuckin fight ever hands down !!! 
Cool im the bad guy now . WTF 
Well I'm what I am and I'm what I'm not , I'm sure happy with what I've got , I live to love and laugh a lot , And thats all I need . 
Holy Fuckalukadingdong ! 
errybdy with me drunk as fuck , break it down and roll it up ! HA classic 
Once upon a time nobody gave a fuck . 
I made the mechanical bull at the state fair my bitch 
Good times never seemed so good . 
Gotta love the new hair cut ! 
I just watched a squinny die ! 
I refresh the world to be somebody . 
My cat had a baby ! 
One thing I can tell you is you got to be free . 
Are you fucking joking ! 
What am I doin’ ? Oh , yeah , that’s right , I’m doin’ me . 
Anybody want to shoot me a text ! 
60 percent of the time , Im right every time . 
Stuntin is just natural . 
Can I call a bull shit game ! I think I can . 
I LIKE BANANAS ! 
You just do you and ima do me . 
Im fucking done with my parents . im just goin take care of myself and do my own thing . 
Someone shoot me a text !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Flippen Perez is the sexiest person alive !!!! <3 
What a fun weekend this was !! 
Rain , rain go away , That's what all my haters say . 
The end is never the end . 
YAY MORE RED BULL !!! 
LAMP ! 
As simple as dat for your simple ass 
You know you at the top when only heaven’s right above it . 
Let's have a toast for the douchebags . 
Damn I got colors that ain't even on the rainbow . 
Wanna make a puzzle ? 
If you ain’t runnin’ wit it , run from it . 
I’m livin’ life right now , mayne . 
Shoot down the early bird thats how i get the worm . 
Bit off a piece of my tongue and it's not all the way off so it's like flapping around in my mouth haha 
Had a pretty chill weekend . MLIB 
Guess what .... Truth is .. 
You can’t see me , but never overlook me . 
OH YEAHHH GREAT WEEKEND OH YEAHHH ! 
Pledge allegiance to the swag . 
Thats what we do J-hawks we come in and get things done . Shock the state again . 
Had a pretty chill weekend ! MLIB 
I live through words not metaphors 
Life is like that , beat me up and I'll fight right back . 
Prayers out for < PROPFIRST > and his family ! Keep being strong and you will get through this . 
< PROPFIRST > you will never be forgotten and you will always be lookin down on us and you always be in my heart and everyone else's . Love you < PROPFIRST > . 
Remember this day 11/21/2010 because this is the day we all lost a friend but this is also the day we gained a guardian lookin down on us ! 
Lot of fights , lot of scars , lot of bottles , Lot of cars , lot of ups , lot of downs\ 
Made it back , lost my dog , And here I stand , a better man ! Thank you Lord ! 
Fuck stayin up from 8pm to 5am in line in the cold on Black Friday ! 
I sent a bottle of sparkling apple juice to your house . 
So fly why would I wanna land ? 
I feel like a , like a slice of butter ... melting on top of a big-ol ' pile of flapjacks ... yeah . 
is a champion ! 
4-0 on the season ! NBD 
Broken hand !!! haha 
So call me what you want , wanna hate , have a nice time . 
It really sucks havin a broken hand haha 
Marshaltown you are dumb , you are really dumb . 
I think you stand under me if you don’t understand me . 
I'll be whatever the fuck I wanna be , I'll be everything except a wanna be . 
Thats fucking tight ! 
Today is my chill day , a day to not give a fuck about anything and relax . MLIB 
Watching Elf , it's pretty chill . 
Glass half empty , half full , I’ll spill ya 
I feel like there’s nothing that I can’t try . 
What to do , what to do ... 
Favre is done 
I can’t help it , you can’t stop it , gotta assert it , you can’t knock it , you gotta respect it , this is who I am , I can’t help it . 
Gotta 808 this and 808 that ! 
I make it look so effortless , I show out everwhere I go out . 
If your watching a Christmas Story you are pretty chill . OLIB 
Well what to do now ? 
Eff this !! 
Dont you just love when an alright night goes bad just like that . 
Respect is something you never get if you never had it . 
skype can S on my D 
City meetings are soooo fucking gay !!! 
Just a constant reminder that the end all , be all is the one who knows all , sees all . 
Well this is the World that we live in , one minute you the hero the next you the villain . 
All you gotta do is just flex on these haters . 
Life isn’t about finding yourself . Life’s about creating yourself . 
At my Kindergarden graduation , when asked what I want to be when I grow up , I simply said “chill” . MLIB . 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
I‘ll take character over reputation your character is what you really are , while your reputation is merely what others think you are . 
Everybody talk and everybody listen , but somehow it's always the truth that comes up missing . 
No more cast ! 
You have your way . I have my way . As for the right way , the correct way , and the only way they dont exist . 
Nothing is as hard as a remote ... besides diamonds . 
If you think I'ma quit before I die - dream on ! 
Everybody who doubted me is asking for forgiveness , if you aint been a part of it , at least you got to witness . 
Shoot me an IM or text please ! Im so effing bored right now ! 
They say what goes up , must come down , but don’t let me fall . 
< PROPMALE > Winger Classic this weekend !! Oh wait that's me ! :) 
I’m living life right now man , and this what I’m do til its over , but it’s far from over . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are sooo cool 
Today my teacher asked me why I wasn’t in class . I asked her why she wasn’t in the kitchen . MLIB 
Today i chilled . MLIB . 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are still so cool ..... 
So life don’t pass me by , Cause sometimes it’ll leave you stuck don’t ask me why . 
I spend my time trying to outdo what hasn't been done . 
I know you , you know me , One thing I can tell you is you got to be free . 
I want to be where there's no more you and me , no more they and we , just unity . 
Apple juice ... nuff said . 
Yay Csi fulfilled my dream and killed < PROPFIRST > bieber 
I've got to be free , free to face the life that's ahead of me . 
I am the walrus . 
Toast to the good life then take a sip . 
So high I could touch the sky . 
Gotta love African war paint . 
It don't really matter just where you from , All that really matter is where you're goin ' . 
< PROPFIRST > Gang or step on a Lego piece barefoot . 
I know it's easy to imagine , But it's easier to just do , See , if you can't do what you imagine , then what is imagination to you ? 
I get in their head .. they dont even see my bread .. Oh sooo , Oh so fly .. cool as i wana be , one hell of a guy . 
This lost boy got fly without < PROPFIRST > Pan . 
Always tryna chop it up but I ain't the karate kid . 
I just threw the wall at my cat . 
Do you ever think , when you see squirrels lying in the middle of the road , that instead of being dead maybe theyre just sleeping ? 
Eagles may soar , but weasles dont get caught in jet engines . 
I bet if Zebras tasted like Zebra Cakes there would be a lot less vegetarians . 
The early bird gets the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese 
There's no room to swing a cat . 
If you were on an island and had to resort to cannibalism , would it make you feel better if you ate someone in a taco suit ? 
Time flies like an arrow , fruit flies like a banana . 
I hope they understand that I really understand that they don't understand . 
You know how it is when you < PROPFEMALE > back too far in your chair and almost fall backwards , but save yourself at the last second ? I feel like that all day . 
Is it better to die for the truth or to live for a lie ? 
Look at where I landed , you would think I planned it . I'm just doin me and you can never understand it . 
People are like slinkys , they get on your nerves , but its still fun to push them down some stairs . 
Id hate to be an alcoholic with Alzheimers . Imagine needing a drink and forgetting where you put it . 
You can't trample infidels when you're a tortoise . I mean , all you could do is give them a meaningful look . 
I just opened my freezer and an eye glass case with glasses in fell out and shattered . WTF 
An apple a day will keep anyone away , if you throw it hard enough . 
Hey everybody you should poke < PROPMALE > Jenkins and the reason why is because he is a Jew 
It's feeling like the second < PROPMALE > and its the first impression 
Life's a garden , Dig it . 
Bro hard , or bro home . MLIB 
In a chill mood , so im goin to sit back and watch Two and a half Men . The chillest show ever . 
Yay its FB offical . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Brown is my uncle ! 
Yay tornadoes !!!! 
Okay sirens make up your mind . Either stay on or stay off . 
Living life is a choice , making a differences in someone else's isn't . 
Truth is ... 
Cuz im awesome . 
Just beat < PROPMALE > Selby in words with friends 341-81 ! 
Oh shiny red ball ! 
Everythings good until it goes bad . 
The road is vicious but I’ll be victorious . 
