Pray for the countries being hit by all these natural disasters . Too many people are suffering right now . 

Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised !! Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first !!!! 1% will re-post and 99% of the people on Facebook won't have the spine or guts to re-post this to their wall . I KNOW I'm the 1% , what about you ? 
Bord and really dont want to do class work 
One more week of class work done , gotta love distant learning classes . House is clean , children are all on their best behavior , and hubby will be home in a few hours . Have a great monday FB 
taking a break fr class work . Got an 88.6% on my 1st math test !! 
Enjoyuing a < PROPFEMALE > , beautiful Texas winter day !! Happy Friday FB . 
Another beautiful day in Tx 75 degrees , went to the park with the kids and hubby , now time to finish cooking my ribs , feed the family , give the kiddos a bath and spend some time with the love of my life . Gotta love the family life :) 
Pinapple upside down cake , yummy . 
My oldest , < PROPFEMALE > is learning so much , so when I asked her where is the Planet Earth at , and she said Heaven , I wonder if she didn't teach me something new . 
This crazy weather is made crazier by people trying to fly on icey roads , . Please stay off the roads and keep warm my FBers 
after a day of rolling outages off and on , cold weather , and icey roads , and looking at news reports fr chicago land area , I am just glad this day is about ovr 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh ! 
Had a good day . Hope tomorrow is just as good . Night fb 
Sitting at the dmv . They r saying it will be a 2 hour wait , it is always nice to have to wait that long . 
It is a beautiful , warm day down here in TX . Taking the kids out to play , since all the ice and snow are melted . 
happy Anniversary to my amazing hubby of 4 years . I am blessed to have you in my live . Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day to everyone !! 
If you don't know where ur going , then u can't really move forward . But when your lost you will find the right path . 
Feeling accomplished today . 
Just made it back from Vegas . Cant wait to go back ! 
Confucius says : I the relations at home are correct , other social relationships will likely fall into line . This is so true . 
Good morning !!! 
