I'm all about a < PROPMALE > 

I CAN'T GET NOOOO SLEEEEEPZZ !!! 
All smiles :) 
I've developed a strange foreign accent 
Working shhhh's the troubled brain ... 
I should start charging for my tarot card readings ... but then I'd read my own and it'd probably tell me to stop ... 
I am woman hear me roar !! 
Deep sigh ... 
Fantabulous night - time for sleepz ! 
It's not an event , it's a process ... 
I would offer you my pulse , I would give you my breath ... 
You really don't understand faith until it's absolutely all you have to hold onto ... 
Hit the restart button ! 
I have an awesome studio/room ! 
spirited away 
\you're so pretty when you're unfaithful to me ! \"" 
Hide out time . Must recharge . Music , tea and bed schtuff ... 
If I could start again , \ 
A million < PROPMALE > away , \ 
I would keep myself , \ 
I would find a way ... 
\Seems like folks turn into things\ 
Works if you work it , so work then working and workers you worth work for work and ya ... 
This is sensational ! 
Just to clear the air for some recent naysayers on my practices :\ 
To most practicing occultists , it is simply the study of a deeper spiritual perceived reality that extends beyond the senses or pure reason and science . \ 
Ok - there - definition - Thanks ! 
\She was into S&M and bible studies\ 
I'm so fucked in the head right now - Please God help us all ... 
Hey Sleep , \ 
I was in bed waiting for you . I had a rough day . It'd be nice if you stopped by for a while . I miss you and can't wait to catch up on those ZZZ's . \ 
P.S. Bring a dream if you'd like . Something happy & nice . Key's under the pillow . See ya soon ... \ 
- < PROPFIRST > 
Over like 700 songs on my computer . Playlist set to random on all I had . Somehow manages to play only 3eb for like an hour and half while I was balling my eyes out . Our favorite song came on . It's finding the extraordinary in the seemingly ordinary . The little coincidences that really aren't if you're open enough for understanding them . Goosebumps of course .... 
Darkness & light - all through the night 
Hitchiking to Broward - need cardboard for sign pleez 
I'm allergic to Mondays ! 
Looking for a ride to Jupiter - escribeme por favor 
I'm around , I'm doing , I breathe air - and carbon monoxide occasionally ... 
I ated too much sugarz ... ouch ! 
Being on a boat really boosts my appreciation of Florida ... 
I feel it all 
Back in my little Jensen hole ... 
Autumn has greeted me today . Hello October , thanks for the weather :) 
10-10-10 ! My birthday , 90 days and the Sunday I internally combust !!! 
Give me far away wilderness 
Hannibal and I are having a heart to heart ... 
My mom baked me a red velevet cake with cream cheese frosting , I stuffed my face with sushi and got a video with a cute < PROPFEMALE > singing to me all before my actual birthday ! \ 
These are all signs that I will explode happily on 10-10-10 ... 
Thanks very much to all . Happy indeed :) 
Oh my my I am just overloaded with sweet goodness from many ! I had the best day ever . Thanks to everyone for their joyous participation and tender wishes . I did not blow up ! 
What I'm looking for cannot be sold to me\ 
I wish they all would stop trying , \ 
cause ' what I want and what I need\ 
is and will always be free 
I can't help but laugh ... 
I enjoy floating through both the mainstream and underwater currents . 
Nearly every serious emotional problem can be seen as a case of misdirected instinct 
I love my girlies so much ! They make me a happy turd burglar :D 
Bawled my eyes out last night . Thanks Björk !! 
Heaven's not a place that you go when you die\ 
It's that moment in life when you actually feel alive\ 
So live for the moment 
I said there'll be no regrets when the worms come \ 
\ 
And they will surely come 
I gotz a phone !!! YAY ! 
Is she weird , is she white\ 
Is she promised to the night\ 
and her head has no ROOM 
Get over yourself\ 
Just dance through life's misery\ 
Let go - see beauty 
JOB INTERVIEW FRIDAY !!!! 
I have an angel on my shoulder\ 
But a devil in my head 
There is a light that never goes out 
Anyone wanna make $20 for transport services ?? 
After years of waiting nothing came\ 
And you realize you're looking-\ 
Looking in the wrong place 
You're not obliged to swallow anything you despise\ 
See those unrepenting buzzards want your life ... 
Halloween Dancer 
Dorkster girl by day . Turtle rescue hero by night 
The Shins and Radiohead mix playing in background , fresh baked brownies and a secret stash of cigarettes - Sunday morning blissfulness ... 
I still dream of livin ' off the fat of the land ... 
I'm gonna take a stab at this\ 
Surely we'll be alright 
Home alone and bored . Where's < PROPFIRST > Pesci when you need him ?! 
Morning comes in paradise , morning comes in light\ 
Still I must obey , still I must invite 
Every day I miss you 
I'm so bored I'm about to start knocking on random doors and asking if people can come out and play . I got sidewalk chalk ! We can play manhunt ! 
Magical potions and candlelight 
You're what happens when two substances collide\ 
And by all accounts you really should've died 
So excited for tonight !!!! 
Twas a grand ol ' time ! 
No goodbyes - it isn't over ... 
I was just wondering if you'd come along\ 
Hold up my head when my head won't hold on\ 
I'll do the same if the same's what you want 
Met some more lovely and welcoming women last night . So amazed , so blessed ... 
Underschtand 
In a time warp again , a nostalgic vortex pulling at the heart strings\ 
Memory inducing stomach butterflies generated by comforting aromas , haunting melodies and the current weather scheme 
My reflection wraps and pulls me under ... 
I don't like snappy , irritable < PROPFIRST > around . She always brings me down and makes me frown ... 
Morning with The Zombies 
Area 117 - land of the sad and lonely 
Sushi/Thai gets me high ! 
Fab Five < PROPMALE > told me everybody's high ... 
3 Musketeers is the most disappointing < PROPFEMALE > bar in the entire universe 
The job calls are rolling in . When it rains it pours ! Which one do I choose brah ?! 
Traveling down this road , watching the signs as I go\ 
I think I'll follow the sun - isn't everyone \ 
Just following down their own road , watching the signs as they go\ 
I think I'll follow my heart it's a very good place to start ... 
The more I say I should quit smoking the more coupons I get in the mail for cigs\ 
I am no longer afraid of the boogeyman in my closet but more the Marlboro man 
I still don't know what being a plant psychic means ! 
I loved seeing everyone's faces last night =) Still a happy camper about that . Off to work ! 
Wow , if this was a war < PROPFIRST > just dropped an atomic bomb on my < PROPFEMALE > . Call it Hiroshima II 
It's either love or hate\ 
I can't find in between 
Sane , sane they're all insane ... \ 
Hanging out the window with a bottle full of rain 
This place is kinda J-U-I-C-Y ... 
Move a muscle , change a thought 
Thank You <3 
Jazz & Metal music are my primary source of vitamin D for DRUMS ! The best beats are in these genres and they're quickly absorbed by the ears and into the body for proper nutrition . For your health ! 
I have my lunch packed and I'm on my way to work . It's in a lunchbox =) I feel like a kid ... Or a construction worker ... 
Long day in store for tomorrow . Hope I don't get that 2:30 feeling . That 2:30 feel is dreadful ! You know , the feeling that those 5 hour energy shots have marketed as the worst time in the day ? People everywhere just pass out at the wheel , coffee machines in offices around the globe explode , and before 5 hr was created , every cubicle had a cattle prod attached to zap workers back to life .... 
I dreamt I had these Magneto like powers and things and people were being uncontrollably pulled to me . It was like I was in this strange force field ! I was pretty harmless and would simply meditate to harness my awesome powers which I had newly discovered . Unfortunately , these men called me satan started a witch hunt and chased me while trying to light me on fire . 
Energy . Smile . Breathe . Thank you . 
I wanna be a little seahorse 
If you want to come along I hope you've brought a good shovel ... 
Being ignored really ruffles my feathers 
Thanks music , I <3 you 
Feeling sickies 
Eh 
My entire upper right side hurts . From my tonsil to my head to my right ear . I'm infected ... 
Having a sickies in bed adult swim marathon . Laughter is almost as good as that bubble gum flavored kids medicine ... 
Tired < PROPMALE > 
I no longer suffer from RSI thanks to a new medication called Moveadan® . No more right-side tonsil soreness , earache and headache . Thanks Moveadan® ! Side effects may include pizza with the gang after moving a brit through hollyhood in a $19.95 uhaul truck . In labtests Moveadan® was 99% effective in treating RSI ( right-side infection ) . May not be suitable for women with a predisposition for tramp stamp tattoos ... 
Drifting into oceanspace 
I want to buy a truck or SUV . If anyone is selling one I am your buyer . 
Like a cat ... on antibiotics ... 
Every day I wake up and thank the stars above\ 
For sending me a man who I could really love\ 
If only I could convince you to feel the same way\ 
We could be so very happy each and every day 
I keep having dreams where I'm living in New York ... 
People are transformed not by being loved , but by the act of loving someone - no matter how hard it is ... 
And there's something wrong in the heart of man\ 
You take it from your heart and put it in your hand 
Insufficient \ 
Vacant\ 
Unable to Forward 
Sleep all day 
I need some Miso soup . Me so sick ! 
< PROPMALE > Cox is the fucking bestest . He is so fucking awesome it scares me . One day i wish to evolve into him and be as good as he is . < PROPMALE > saved me from a car crash whilst i was on fire . < PROPMALE > you are my hero , you inspire me to one day rename myself to < PROPMALE > . Great job . 
Hannibal tripped me 
If anyone has been trying to contact me via phone in the last 4-5 days , I haven't been ignoring you we've both been dead . I will give you the flu through text messaging ... 
waiting on the < PROPFEMALE > ... 
but I have special eyes 
My computer is infected and I don't know how to fix it =( 
I'm so far gone now I've been running on empty 
I love the smell of books 
I'm hiding in a box with cats and a creeper 
Sick for < PROPMALE > . 
LMAO Good job Danny ... I have never been facebook raped so hard in my entire life . Never again shall I use a bald british man's computer . Their sausage banger fingers are only good at mischief ! 
sugar water and a mayonnaise sandwich 
I'm on vacation ! Road trip =) 
In the land of peaches and pecans ... 
World's largest aquarium and world of coca-cola ate my pinky toes today . Hiking a mountain tomorrow will devour my feet ... 
I'm lost in a fractal of time 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > 
He hit me , and it felt like a kiss ... 
I should have followed my own voice , but you're so loud when you sing 
She's a vagabond gypsy nomad who sleeps with a bag packed and her running shoes on ... 
After a while you realize time flies , and the best thing that you can do is take whatever comes to you - cuz time flies ... 
Dear Snow , \ 
Hey I've been trying to meet you ! I've traveled up North thinking you'd show . I was in < PROPFEMALE > , but left too soon . If you don't ever want to see me just let me know , because ironically I'm falling for you - white lovely snow ! 
Wow , just entered a debtor named Cokeisha into our system at work . And she's been forwarded to us for collections by S&M Properties ... 
Anything for you - turn my castles blue\ 
Turn my bones to sand - just to see you\ 
I'd give you anything ... 
I am an all powerful Amazon warrior , not just some sniveling girl 
Sometimes you just gotta dance in your underwear , jump on the bed and scream the lyrics to your favorite tunes ... 
Don't want your institution , organization , medicine , violence , physical , mental & spiritual brainwashing and propaganda . Your mind is very profitable , and EVERYONE wants a piece of it . Only YOU can control it ... and prevent < PROPMALE > fires .. 
Sorry to anyone who's trying or been trying to get a hold of me via telemaphone . I've been scrimping on minutes if I've even had any . Obama changed the plan and now it eats up twice as much for any little communicating I do . I think it's time for a new phone ... 
I just realized my TV has been on the Spike channel for like the last 24 hours . Isn't that the man channel ?! What's happening to me ? Why do I do this to myself ?! 
Sometimes it's not important which way you jump - just that you do in fact jump ... 
meh 
Get me away from here I'm dying\ 
Play me a song to set me free 
You cannot lose your mind , which is your ground of being . However , it is quite possible you may lose your brain . 
lion is such a delectable delight 
Loiter the whole day through and lose yourself in lines dissecting love 
Got new phonez 
I love my new phone-sorry obama ... 
Illness loves me on the weekend . The CIA could bottle these germs and use them as secret warfare it's so intense ... 
Singing cartoons & helium balloons 
OMG an AA Family Guy hah 
Today put some fire in my shoes 
It's ok , you don't have to say you go to Hooter's for the wings 
Every new day brings me a little more hope =) ... \ 
Dear Hope , please wake me up after 6:45 am next time , appreciated thnx ! 
Feeling peculiar and mushy ... 
This is a gift , it comes with a price 
Why is everyone on my news feed talking about shit ? Poop stories galore ! 
Fuck yeah I just got my settlement money !!! =D 
I'm in a dancing mood ... 
YEEHAW !!! Going to a rodeo with the family ya'll =) 
Omens abound 
Uh-oh its Friday , you know what that means ... 
there must be a light of some kind 
Two wrongs make it all alright tonight 
I woke up excited today . I missed the lil rugrats this weekend . Time to play ! 
Headache all day =\\ 
You are not your body , and you are not your mind 
I'm part of a complete breakfast 
Should I travel by plane or train ? 
I have raffle tickets on sale for drawings on spending time with me . I went to clown college . I am the ultimate awesome now . 
Trying to get to Port St < PROPFEMALE > and/or < PROPMALE > anytime within the next week or so . Any takers ? I play good tunes and pay for gas =) 
It's official . One way train ticket to Buffalo for May 25th . So joyous and excited !!! 
Just got out of yoga and now going for a massage with my mama . Que chévere =) 
Could you show me dear-something I've not seen ? Something infinitely interesting ... 
Grizzly Bear why are you so amazing ?? 
A recent study showed that Buffalo's June 2010 unemployment rate was 9.2% . Today , the region's largest economic sectors are health care and education . The retail sector of the economy is strong with additional revenue from Canadian shoppers who wish to take advantage of the weak < PROPFEMALE > n Dollar and In 2010 , Forbes rated Buffalo the 10th best place to raise a family in < PROPFEMALE > =) ... I cant wait !!! 
Renewed vigor 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > Legrand 
Just had the scare of a lifetime . Parents failed to tell me some random guy was going to be fixing a window . Woke up to what seemed to be a stranger breaking in . Nearly kicked the guy in the face and I think I swallowed my heart ... 
Spent the entire day running around playing video games and riding attractions at Boomer's with my nephew . Now I'm supposed to go to an all night laser tag event till 7am with the big kids . What is going on here ?! 
Im ready to get ready . 
Arroz con leche 
What a busy day ! Sleep never looked so sexy and delicious ! 
Hands down - I'm too proud for love \ 
Though with eyes shut it's you I'm thinking of 
Sugar for breakfast ! 
Beach ? Why the fuck not ?! Everyone else seems to be going =) 
Best weekend , very happy =) 
I think I just heard a Grizzly Bear track on an Adult Swim clip . My brain just exploded from glee =D 
Not in the mood 
I like singing because I am a bird I am . 
Give me someone new 
I used to be a tree , but now I am just a stump . 
But most of all don’t forget about the time on the beach\ 
With fireworks above us ... 
