Happy ' noob ' years ! 

Gatorade in the eye = AARRRGGGG 
The best plans born in the head of men , end up in ruins in the feet of women . 
I spy with my eye something White . 
Happy 4th of July . Have a safe day ... Because I know I won't be . >.> 
Class tonight , wondering if I should drive home when its over with or just stay over < PROPFIRST>'s . 
Pool + Diving Board = Fun all day long . sun + no sun screen while having fun all day long out in the sun = Sunburn . So yeah , I burned like bread left in the toaster . 
As long as I don't move to quickly , or slide against anything I won't hurt myself . Sleeping was easy , but waking up and trying to sit up was hard . Only painful when moved . 
Twilght - \A women's fantasy about Necrophilia \ 
I offer ' cake ' 
Lets see if I can stay awake to get back into a proper sleeping schedule . 
The Shadow !!! 
A few more days till I head out to Ohio for my grandparents wedding anniversary . 
Went to grandparents 50th anaversary , walked through a graveyard , and crashed a wedding ... fun day . 
Alright ... Is it not a general rule that when I am driving , everyone else should be off the road . 
Hide and Seek with the whole neighborhood playing just means there will be more running and laughing . XD 
It's so much easier to measure life in experience points . 
Wait ... what is tomorrow ? SHIT Dragoncon ! 
Saturday Saturday Saturday ... Wait , what's going on Saturday ? 
/Done\ 
/Quit 
October fest ! 
Time to change . 
I admit it ... \ 
\ 
I like to chew gum in the shower . 
Alright , lets see if I can't dish out that machinima I promised . 
Son of a bitch ... Blizzard just killed my weekend . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status -- fair is fair -- play along ) 
Your Boardwalk + My Park Place = a grand prize . If you are willing to share , then you could have half of the prize , great idea huh ? 
Not going to let mom live this down , She asked me what FBI was ... and yet she loves watching CSI ... 
GMX - Best Class Field Trip EVER ! \ 
Hopefully they will have more next year for their con . 
Is it a bad thing to have the guy at urinal next to you look over and say \DAMN ! \ " ? " 
Please put this on your status if you know someone , or are related to someone , who has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by a dragon . ... The ... other 7% are hiding in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and smores . 
Starting the morning out by sleeping ... Since ending with the night did not end . 
Morning ... \ 
Saturday Morning class sucks ... Why can't we have this class at night like all of my others have been . 
Seems to have lost a few of his 360 games ... wondering where they are ... 
A WILD DOTY HAS APPEARED ! 
Happy T-Day everyone , hopefully no one is stuck in holiday traffic and at home with either friends or family . 
Don't believe in yourself . Believe in me , who believes in you . For your drill is the drill that will reach the stars !!! WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK WE ARE !!! 
FINALLY ... I am no longer blowing my nose and having cinnamon coming out of it . 
Woot , picked up a lot Resident Evil games , including Outbreak . Anyone still have their copy and a ps2 with the network setup should join me in an online game . 
My Final in GD350 went well . I got the highest grade on the exam , a 98 , kinda pissed that I missed one question ... eh . 
Fuck you math ... Fuck you ... the shit you make me do , I will never use outside of of what you are making me do now ... Go suck on a bag of dicks ... 
If I can have anything for Chirsmas , I'd like to have ... <3 
Holy fuck ... Rain sucks when you are fully geared 
And if I didn't break my board ... I would be out there ... just not here , since snow is needed ... Damn Alabama and the lack of snow . 
I'm just so BM ... Because I'm a BM Diablo 2 LOD pk'er . :) 
Bought a new cat bed for the kittens . Just walked out to get a drink and heard a loud purr coming from under the TV where the bed was ... Every single kitten was in it purring away . XD 
Like a cat I have a calm - carefree look . 
Happy holiday's everyone . Or as I know it . Happy feasting days . 
BIG O , ( IT'S ) SHOW TIME ! 
There is a book on my face ... that should count as me logging into my facebook 
LFG 
Boredom has struck once again ! 
Needs a new 360 controller . * looks around * actually 4 new ones would be nice . 
WTF ... It's snowing . Going to go run around in it naked .. with shoes . 
Wyld Stallyns ( < PROPMALE > & < PROPMALE>'s Excellent Adventure / Bogus Journey)\ 
Talk about nostalgia ... What ever happened to good movies that did not need million dollar budgets ? 
Air hockey ... alright 
Loves how the USB ports on my comp have malfunction and no longer working except for one port for my mouse ... and typing with an on-screen keyboard sucks ! 
I just need to get a new computer ... Everything on mine seems to be going out or already out . None of my USB ports are working anymore and it seems other components inside are dying ... Fucking gateway ... I only had this computer for 2 maybe 3 years . 
Dragon Age 2 = EPIC WIN . 
Woot , take that today ! Work = people bitching that their beer isn't green ... Fine , we'll buy that green food coloring and charge you $3 more for your green beer ! I love stupid people . = w = 
Alright ... Bed ... Work at 5pm -12am . Night shift ... What fun . 
Meow ~ 
Tonic water ... Next challenge . 
Standing for 12+ hours ... FFFFFUUUUUUU 
