Boobies 

Verginas 
Is not going to cali , tomorrow 
Loves Porn ! 
Oh Thats Cool The White Bandits are now on Facebook . Become a Fan ! 
< PROPMALE > is great go and watch it if you like a talking penis 
\Where's the NUGZ\ " ( Creepy 87 year old lady with early signs of dementia ) " 
Getting marired at 18 is always a smart thing to do . So you can be with them for all time and UGH !!! Eternity . Couldnt stand my wife bitching at me even after i die . 
Going on a cruise asap ! Hope to get a tan ; ) ( Code for getting really , really , really BLITZED ) 
ST . < PROPFIRST > on SATURDAY ...... Nice ...... 
buzzed my hair . Pretty , Pretty , Pretty Good . 
Salt Lake Tomorrow . Free Concert at the Galvin Center . Smoke some nugz and drink some beers . What a life . 
I heart small feet . 
anyone want to play fantasy football for the QNFL 
Jebus 
They took our jobs . 
this weekend was the shit ! YA !!!!!!! 
Absatosh 
Jesus ( Long Pause ) The Christ . And God ( Long Pause ) The God . Great book titles 
I think the real obscenity comes from raising out youth to believe that sex is bad and ugly and dirty . And yet , it is heroic to go spill guts and blood in the most ghastly manner in the name of humanity . With all the taboos attached to sex , it's no wonder we have the problems we have . It's no wonder were angry and violent and genocidal . But , ask yourself the question , what is more obscene : sex or war ? - < PROPFIRST > Flint 
oh my dear gods 
Why go after religion it doesnt hurt anyone , except ....... most wars , the crusades , 9/11 , arranged marriages to minors , the surpression of women and homosexuals , ethnic cleansing , honor rape , human sacrifice , burning witches , suicide bombings , condoning slavery , and the systematic fucking of children , but yeah other then that its good . - < PROPMALE > Maher 
i love how people friend mitt romney based on the fact that he's a mormon not on his political assperations . He is the very thing we dont need right now . A buisness man who only looks out for the top 1% of < PROPFEMALE > . Trickle down affect my bottom . 
I'm against Obama care for reasons like , it gives people insurance that would other wise not be able to afford it ( Wow thats retarded ) and those who have pre existing conditions will now be able to have insurance . ( Thats a laugh ) And the worst part about it is that 32 mill people who didnt have insurance before will now be able to get it . DUMB ! 
I lost two friends for my health care opinion . I had 191 last night now i have 189 , i would like to know who de-friended me for having an opinion so i can make them look like dumbasses . 
Going to see the River Man going to tell him all i can . If he tells me all he knows about the way his river flows and on the shows ; summertime . 
Hey if anyone wants to tape the Fighting Camels season for a good documentary let us know and we will make movie magic . Make this and send it to sundance for some $ You wont be let down . Let me know what you think , will be able to film the team off the court as well . 
going shopping with mom , no big deal vas ever . 
Who's in for QNFL this year ? ( Fantasy Football ) 
How happy is the blameless Vestal's lot\ 
\ 
The world forgetting , by the world forgot . \ 
Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind\ 
Each pray'r accepted , and each wish resign'd . y 
North Orem Blast Masters ! 
North Orem Blast Masters 2 games this Saturday ! First game is at 11 30 at Midvally Elementary School . Come and watch greatness . 
Right !? 
You cummin or Goin ? 
#LiveCocoCam cant wait for conan in novembers 
#LiveCocoCam get this stale taco off the screen 
Portland for Thanksgiving :) Cant wait for < PROPMALE>'s world famous yams . 
\The < PROPFEMALE > for a strong faith is not the proof of a strong faith 
“Mystical explanations are thought to be deep ; the truth is that they are not even shallow . ” \ 
Friedrich Nietzsche 
We know , today our conscience knows , what these uncanny inventions of the priests and the church are really worth , what ends they served in reducing mankind to such a state of self-violation that its sight can arouse nausea : the concepts ' beyond , ' ' Last Judgment , ' immortality of the soul , ' and ' soul ' itself are instruments of torture , systems of cruelties by virtue of which the priest became master , remained master . 
the word \hippster\ " needs to die . Go watch ' Skins ' and shut up ! " 
Shot my first gun today ....... It was AWESOME ! Im slowly changing into < PROPMALE > Nugent I think . AR-15's kick ass . 
Big Up's to Big Love Tonight . Yet another great series on HBO coming to an end . Will miss you < PROPMALE > and the gang . 
Ive never seen so many people ride bikes in my life . Its like a liberal < PROPFEMALE > city here . Burgerville is so good , it has to be made from munchkins tears . 
