HAPPY NEW YEAR ! Get your resolutions ready people ! Cause the New Year is hear to stay ! 

Just got back from Chicago ! 
Just got done with the Anime Dance ! It was a COMPLETE success ! Hooray !!! Everyone was had a good time !!!! :) 
finally got some christmas shopping done . 
Excited for Christmas !!!! 
says < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! And I also got some sweet stuff ! New phone , texting , and a < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > poster with the album covers ! What more could one want ? 
Just watched the Corpse Bride . It was pretty good ! The < PROPMALE > was wonderful and the character were so cute ! 
Last status of 2010 ... I gotta think of something clever ... You can do this , < PROPFEMALE > ! Think ! >.< I know , here's a clever quote ! \All men should strive\ 
Spirit Week Rulez ! Go Springfield !! Kick butt tonight !!! 
Today will be a busy , yet fun day ! Back to back to back I got show choir practice , a cooking class , and helping out scholastic bowl ( for extra credit of course ) 
Hmmm .... still sore from track , but somehow , it makes me feel stronger . 
I ate too many chips ... I feel sick .... 
I just got a belated Christmas fro my dad ! A dvd of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > live in Japan !! And This Is It !! Woooo !!! 
Invite . Hmmm .... Music lame . Food , who doesn't like cookies ? And it's always fun to < PROPFEMALE > with friends , so not bad . Also , there were free necklaces and glow sticks ! Yeah , I guess I had fun . :) 
Valentines Day ! And I'm stuck at home ! Hoooray ! Dads are great aren't they ? 
The Olympics were sooo good ! I love the couples ice skating ! < PROPFEMALE > and Germany did the best tonight ! So graceful ! Yay ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s skating couple Zhang/Zhang were wonderful ! So were Russia's couple after them ! Looking forward to Germany's and < PROPFEMALE>'s other couple ! Their outfits are so pretty and the routines are so romatical ! :D Who shall be victorious ? 
< PROPFIRST > White killed in snow boarding !!! He annihilated in the first round and finished with his new move !!! Dude ! Was so epic !!! And there were some < PROPMALE > wipe out on women's skiing ... sad . But looking forward to men's skating tomorrow !! Yes I love the Olympics .... :D 
< PROPFIRST > Weir , Daisuke , and Lyseck ftw !!! Go Go Go !! 
( continued ) He accepted it wiith more grace than I expected . And the adorable Daisuke Takahashi of Japan got third and did well despite his blunders . < PROPFIRST > Weir did wonderfully ( perhaps his best ever ) and got cheated , but I'm still happy with the outturn of the medals !! So pumped right now !!! Yeah !!! :D ( I should be an official reviewer ) 
( Read top to bottom . I had to many letters ... ) No words can be used to describe the epicness that went down in the Olympics tonight ! American < PROPFIRST > Lysacek won gold with a performance with such grace it melts the heart ! The Russian skater Pushinko was the determined villian that got rightfully put into second though aiming for gold . 
Ice dancing tonight ! Stay tuned for my review lol ! 
Happy Birthday to Grandpa , Happy Birthday to Grandpa ! Happy Birthday Dear Grandpa , We love you so much ! Cha cha cha ! 
Show Choir competition tomorrow at South East at one o clock ! We're gonna rock it !! Be there or be square !! :D 
Alright ! We can do this ! Show time ! 
No track today , but I still have a choir concert . Hope the track ladies do good at their meet ! I forgot to wish hem luck .... So , go Senators ! :D 
Back from the math-a-thon in Chicago ! My little bro did good , but they didn't make state . Taught my dad how to play ninja and went to Borders there . It was a pretty good time . But you know how driving for hours in a car with your family can get .... 
About to go to a beatles thing with my mom , < PROPMALE > and a neighbor . I wonder how it will go ... 
Off to chorus practice ! Tonight were gonna dance !! :D 
Went to school to go to chorus practice , and it turned out to be cancelled . However , it turned out there was a spring fling with band . I went in and got to learn a cool dance , listen to some jazz music , and < PROPFEMALE > with some friends . Though I was not dressed up like the others ... :D but my dancing wasn't too shabby . Not a bad way to cure the blues . 
Hard workout in track , but gives you a nice strong feeling afterwards , if you don't pass out . It was a good day today . :D 
Finally finished watching Spirited Away . I love that movie , it's definitely one of my favorites . The drawings of the scenery and people is just breath taking . The story is sweet too . 
played volleyball for the first time in forever . So fun ! I still got it ! 
Off to go visit my brother and his new house ! Can't wait to see him ! :D 
We got here . It's a nice cute house . Good job bro ! 
Easer < PROPFEMALE > came to town and left zip lock baggie baskets ! M&M's and peeps for me ! 
why can't my family ever get along ? would one night of peace really be so bad ? 
The play is shaping up ! It's looking better and better . Two practices a day is tough , but I can make it ! Or die trying ! No , that would be bad ... 
If you're brave .. Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Rude . 19 : Simple . 20 : Strong . 21 : Good Friend . RATE ! 
Had a good weekend but is still tired . Hopefully a good nights sleep tonight will help . 
It seems I don't have much to report nowadays besides practices and school ... 
It's my brother's birthday today ! Yay ! Happy Birthday , < PROPMALE > ! We went to Smokey Bones and had a nice family dinner . :D 
Practice was a blast ! And I have the anime convention tomorrow ! I'll try and take lots of pictures to show anime club ! 
The anime con was pretty awesome ! I will upload pics soon . There were some crazy awesome costumes up there and I got to know my SHG anime buddies a little better . I missed the rave , but I'm sure they can fill me in . Being around so many people who like the same stuff I do is kind of surreal . And the merchandise was really cute ! 
The play is tonight ! 7:30 in the auditorium ! 5$ for students and 8$ for adults ! Look for me in the pink dress ! :D 
We beasted the play ! It was so much fun ! Then we had a fun after party at Steak and Shake ! Now we just gotta do it again tomorrow ! :D 
All Shook Up's final showing is tonight ! The whole thing has been really fun . It's gonna be sad when it's over ... But the show is at 5 today . You should come if you don't have anything else going on ! :D 
Just got my teeth cleaned ! Now they are all nice and smooth . I don't want to eat anything now , but I'm kinda hungry ... And our bathtub is being destroyed as we speak ... CRASH ! BAM ! BOOM ! We're getting a new one . :D 
tried to sing like Snow White ... must've been off key though ... no cute furry creatures came to clean my room .... 
The weather at this moment could not be any more perfect ....... A little wind , just a little cool , spring flowers blooming , what more could you need ? :D 
And my dad just got a facebook .... this should be interesting .... 
Had fun at the mall with < PROPFEMALE > ! :D Dress shopping and whatnot ! First time hanging on a school night in forever .... This should be done more often ! 
The concert tonight was so fun ! Seven Senators \Hide and Seek\ " by Imogen Heap gave me chills ! Good job everyone ! :D " 
And today the lock on my locker had to be cut off ! Six people and myself suffered a brutal battle , but it wouldn't open ! So , it had to be destroyed . Hyah ! So farewell young lock . We had a good run while it lasted . But then you held my stuff hostage , and for that I cannot stand . 
Anime Club was fun ! It leaves me happy and recharged !! We did things a little different today ! Thanks for coming you guys ! Did you guys like it ? 
Well at least that gosh darn Chemisrty test is out of the way , now I can focus on more fun things , like my speech tomorrow ! Prepare to learn how to draw anime people third hour ! Yah ! 
Today we made silver coke bottles in Chemistry ! And my prom dress was decided on . I'm wearing my mom's old one . It's my profile pic . I really like it . XD 
got her laptop back ! :D 
< PROPFEMALE>'s home has been invaded by amphibians from Africa . O.o 
Schooool's out for the summer ! Na na na na na na 
I'm going to Farmer's Market ! :D I wonder if Garlic Man will be there ... And my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is visiting from Washington ! 
Today was really fun day ! Had a great bike ride and some awesome adventures while riding downtown . Also I got a job ! :D Ahh ! At < PROPMALE > E Cheese ! So yeah ! 
has Strawberry Pocky !!! XD 
If you like this status , I will post something on your wall that I like about you . Make this your status for a challenge . Try it . I dare you . 
All packed and ready to head off to Alaska ! Getting up dreadfully early tomorrow ... :D 
Hey guys ! I'm back !! :D I know you missed me ! Sorry to say I didn't have time to miss you guys , but I was having too much fun in Alaska . Everybody who is anybody will wanna hear about the happenings . The pics range from hilarious to beautiful , so let me know your thoughts and questions . They'll be up soon . And < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , you say you want a cute boy each ? Take your pick from the the photos , well , all but one ... 
OMG !! Toy Story 3 was so epic words cannot describe it ! So touching , hilarious , and really you just couldn't ask for a better end to a childhood movie . X3 If anyone wants to gather a posse and go see it with a ton of people I am so there ! Actually , I really do wanna do that ... Drop me a note if you're interested , if not , I will search for you ! XD 
I just pwned my family in Wii Bowling ! 217 ! Can I get a what what ? :D And now for my favorite , tennis ! Hyah ! 
Poetry class , I think I'm doing good ! I might put the poem up here , but the poem was about death . That was the assignment . Idk if you guys wanna read about that though . X3 
Ok , I just gotta run ! It'll be fast and furious cuz I got company on the way , but this pent up energy has GOT to go ! RAWR ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s home guys ( my big bro for those who don't know) ! :D Visiting and stuff since it's mom's birthday tomorrow ! 4th of July ! We're playing tennis , motorcycle riding and other fun stuff ! And I'm gonna bake a carrot cake from scratch ! X3 
ANNOUNCEMENT : Water fight on July 4th at 12-2 . Its at the park on Calhoun and 2nd Street . If you come bring a water gun , or if you lack those , water balloons ! The mastermind for this is Nico , and message/text/call if you've got any questions . What better way to celebrate Independence Day ? :D 
< PROPMALE > camp in Michigan tomorrow ! X3 Idk exactly how long I'll be gone , with dad you never know . The 18th maybe ? Perhaps I'll return the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > of our generation ... XD 
Sooo , I'm back ! :D Hazzah ! Camp was a blasty blast ! I've learned I can actually do improv quite well ... Whoduthunk ? If I could out all my camp friends in my pocket , I would keep them all ! X3 
Is in the sparkliest mood of her life ! :D * < PROPFEMALE > * ( Don't ask . Or do if you must XD ) 
So , I've officially walked on water . You can begin worshipping me any time now XD 
Omg ! The sub we had pronounced my last name right on the first try .... :D 
A girl in my class didn't know who < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > was ... O.o Mortal sin . 
Wherever I go , a trail of glitter follows ;D 
Tomorow's twin day , but I will be matching four others ... Quintuplets ? xD 
My dad has discovered the winking face for texting ! \; D\ " O.o I think he learned it from my < PROPMALE > teacher too ! Lord help us all .... xD " 
Film Club is so awesome ! :D I shall become a regular for sure ! You guys seriously rock my sox ! 
has officially been inducted into NHS ! :D * Does a macho pose while staring off into the distance * 
I come home from my Halloween party to find a brand < PROPMALE > Collins CD on my bed . My conclusion : We have a < PROPMALE > Collins < PROPFEMALE > in my house ! :D Or a very observant stalker . I personally hope for the first one xD 
I tip my hat to all of the cast , crew , and especially our fantastic director , < PROPFEMALE > Martsch , for a job well done on Noises Off tonight . You guys were beyond fabulous ! The timing and acting was all just so phenomenal . No lie , you guys delivered a perfect opening night !! :D 
Not to have a generic facebook status or anything , but < PROPMALE > Potter was bloody brilliant ! :D Absolutely amazing . It surpasses all my nerdy hopes & dreams ! x3 For those of you who have yet to see it , get your fannies out there ! xD 
Monday is going to be a sad day for SHS . We had a bright < PROPFEMALE > taken way before his prime . He was loved by many and will be missed . I wish I had known ya better < PROPMALE > , but I remember you always made us laugh back in Mrs. Barkmeier's class freshman year will all your shenanigans and for that I thank you :) RIP @ < PROPMALE > Hines . It's strange to think you'll no longer be inhabiting our halls ... 
Dear phone charger , please some back . I miss you T.T 
Tonight's concert was really fun ! :D < PROPFEMALE > surprised me by showing up and gave me a flower x3 Yay ! And tomorrow's the Anime Dance/Rave ! Prepare yourselves for the greatest social gathering of nerds Springfield will ever see !!! :D 
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone who came & supported the Anime Dance/Rave ! We had like 60-70 guests ! :D I think everybody had a great time ! Couldn't have done it alone , so thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Adams , < PROPFIRST > Dhermy , Gabe Krukowski , < PROPFEMALE > Zehr , < PROPFEMALE > McDaniel , Aidan Singh ( running out of room ... ) Well , you all know who you are ! If you don't you'll know Monday ! Seriously , you guys rock ! Hugs 4 all ! :D 
? I played Black Ops and I liked it ? ;D 
I will see all you long lost friends tomorrow ! :D I'll be at school decked out in my new < PROPMALE > Potter gear I got for Christmas ' splaying my nerdness loud and proud ;D 
I found the Post Office all by myself and mailed my first package ! :D Go , < PROPFEMALE > ! x3 
