Dancing and listening to Just like Heaven by The cure :) 

Listening to Tenderness by General Public :) 
Should probably be in bed :) 
anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > :) ? 
Cant believe Netflix doesn't have the obscure movie ; Angel's egg .... :( 
watching castle in the sky . 
Going with Zach to see ponyo tomorrow ~ 
Ponyo was so cute ! 
Got food poisoning from ... ( dun dun dun ) A HOTDOG ?! 
Up late working on a novel :) 
Replaying Chrono Cross ... My summer goal is to beat it completely I suppose .. haha among other goals :) 
Just got surprise brownies delivered from Zach ! Still warm too :D yum !! 
Wants to live a day with a Mid-Atlantic English accent lol 
Is in tennessee 
Had a WONDERFUL time at < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > , and Uncle < PROPMALE > ! <3 < PROPMALE > Marlow < PROPFIRST > Marlow 
Not feeling good ... 
is chillin 
?????? 
Watching scare tactics :) 
About to go to the library , one of my fave places . 
Shake shake shake Senora ! ~ 
Hanging out with Courtney ~ 
Going to go eat Thai food with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Doesn't want Christmas to end . There's a unique anointing on this day . 
Saw Avatar and Is completely speechless ... Definately one of the best movies ive seen :] 
Is watching ghost in the shell . 
Adding friends from facebook to myspace and vice versa . Then going to play some Super Smash bros on wii ... 
Vision without action is a dream . Action without vision is simply passing the time . Action with Vision is making a positive difference . 
woot ! ~ 
I'm not a grasshopper ! 
3 day weekend . Woohoo ! 
Not sick anymore and feeling great . Im so excited about my Birthday tomorrow , finally 18 
is embracing the weekend 
Got a new TV , wooo ! 
Ready for a great night tomorrow ~ 
Just saw the Book of < PROPMALE > ! I think every christian should see it ! 
Going to lowes . 
Anyone know who's hiring ? 
< PROPFEMALE > - from urban dictionary A beautiful unique girl who is incredibly fun and wise . loud and has a lot of spunk . girls wanna be her , guys wanna have her . often immitated , but never replaced . an honest and loving person who isnt afraid to speak the truth . 
feelin good ... Possibly on a caffeine high . 
Thinking about having purple and green rock < PROPFEMALE > as wedding favors =) 
Counting down the months . 
i know .. how to count .. all the way to schfifity five . 
Was reminded tonight how much I love oil pastels . 
wheee ! 
does anyone have a car they would like to sell ? Or know someone who does for a reasonable price ? I really need one as soon as possible . 
Who wants to bring me some hot wings : > ? 
Horrible day with mean customers ... 
Is listening to some Massive attack and chilling out . 
Still looking for a car ... 
Going in to work 
Wants to eat at Quaker Steak & Lube sometime this week .. Who wants to come with ? 
Narrowed it down to two dresses at davids bridal ... Such a hard decision ! 
Just bought her first car !!!!!! 
Going to throw < PROPMALE > on a wheel wheee ! 
Stayed up late playing tatsunoko vs capcom with Zach :) lol now he's addicted 
Just bought stuff online 
Booked our Honeymoon a few days ago :) yay ! 
Watching cowboy bebop just like old times haha 
Watching Avatar ... Again ! :) 
Going to work :p 
Want's to see a movie tonight , but that probably isn't going to happen :( 
I can do this !! Please pray for me friends , I beleive god will tell you what to pray for me about ! Love you all ! 
Annoyed . 
Needs super street fighter 4 > : 0 
Uggghhh . 
Anyone know any good places for ballroom dance lessons ? Zach and I wanna take some :) 
Wants to go out of state for two or three weeks ... 
Doesn't feel like working today :( 
Is so tired from crying all day from this car issue .. It's time to just go to bed .. 
If anyone knows of a car for sale please let me know .. 
Zach and I are registered at Target !! :) 
Has realized you can't reason with people who are completely stuck in their ways you can only pray for them 
“The three hardest tasks in the world are neither physical feats nor intellectual achievements , but moral acts : to return love for hate , to include the excluded , and to say , \I was wrong \".”" 
This is what zach said to me today : A day without you is a gay day , but everyday with you is yay day 
Is graduating today :) 
Is now a highschool graduate ! 
preorderd Transformers : War for Cybertron today\ 
B ) 
Had fun today at my little brothers 2nd birthday ! 
What's goin on tonight ? \ 
lol 
?????????? 
At mikes grad party ! 
Ahhhh 
Goin to work , eh . Anyone want pizza hut ? Lol 
This . right . here . is my swag lol 
I'm so tired 
:( 
????????????? orz 
So , who's having a 4th of July party ? 
I don't understand why Sokka and Katara are obviously not white in the series , and are being portrayed by white actors ?? way to totally alienate the fans .. ugh . And why are the villains the only dark skinned people in the whole movie ?? ughhhhh 
Watching hocus pocus 
44 days oh snap 
You see the hate that they servin on a platter , so what we gonna have ? Desert or disaster ? * I will choose desert , wedding cake to be exact * :p lol 
Watching interview with a vampire 
Is excited for Sunday ! 
Our Target Registry is all jacked up so please don't buy anything for three days if anyone was planning on it .. Im pretty upset . 
The registry issue is now taken care of :) ! yay ~ 
Busy , busy , busy 
Watching the labyrinth !!! on netflix via my wii ... so fun :) 
Excited 
Has been packing my stuff ; late into the night =_= 
3 days ~ ! 
Driving to gatlinburg with my husband :)) !! 
Heading back to the nati ! 
Once again thank you all for the wedding wishes !! 
Spent time in the word early this morning with my wonderful husband . And watched the sunrise a little bit .. I'm so happy and blessed :) 
Lots more wedding pics coming soon ~ :) 
Time for an awesome weekend with my hubby :) ! 
Homemade miso soup tonight :) woohoo ~ 
Visited a friends church today :] \ 
Very fun :D ! 
Anime marathon on netflix , :) 
Shot an AK-47 and a Desert Eagle Jericho . 40 cal\ 
Today in the woods of Indiana lol A little scary but so much fun ! 
Dance party with my hubby around the house while cleaning !! YEAH ~ ! 
Apparently our Apartment has employed some sort of troop of men in head-to-toe camo to make sure you are picking up after your dog .... Almost too funny to be true 
Watching The Office .. Love it B ) 
Can't sleep .. 
spent the weekend with < PROPFEMALE > , had so much fun ! ^^ 
Had an amazing time at church yesterday and can't wait till next sunday 
Totally forgot it was friday until just now , I love surprise fridays ~ ! 
I want < PROPFIRST>'s chicken so bad :( ! 
Is so blessed to have a great man of God as a Husband . 
woke up with a sore throat :( \ 
I'll be better tomorrow though ! 
Wants to make a petition to bring Media Play back :( 
For you created my inmost being ; you knit me together in my mother's womb . 
enjoyed The new chronicles of narnia ... It was really good ^^ 
Let's go play outside :D 
\The room\ " by < PROPFIRST > wiseau arrived from netflix today ... Time for massive amounts of lols " 
Was feeling sick , but is now feeling so much better ! 
Dunno what I should do for my birfdayyy \ 
haha ... 
For the past few days , every time I glance at the clock is 11:11 \ 
I barely ever look at the time ... \ 
Woke up at 11:11 randomly last night again too ... 
getting serious about playing acoustic guitar , I have a pretty nice one I guess .... so if anyone wants to teach me some stuff that would be awesome :D lol 
GOD , help us to put away all of our own agendas , let us be about our Fathers business ! 
Finally got all my wisdom teeth out yesterday .. Still kind of out of it , but Im recovering nicely ... Eating my momma's homemade mashed potatoes ! 
recovering , playing Dragon Age origins ... 
could really go for a nice steak :( I'm so tired of eating soft liquid stuff 
thanks for all the bday wishes ! <3 
I don't live life scared of death\ 
cause when I take my last breath\ 
The next step is there in text\ 
-Lecrae 
I consider my life worth nothing to me , if only I may finish the race and complete the task the Lord Jesus has given me -- the task of testifying to the gospel of God's grace . \ 
\ 
Acts 20:24 
Pre ordered Dragon age II ... ugh I can't wait !! 
Taking care of a sick Zach 
finally was able to see Tron , and I am SO pleased that my favorite band Daft Punk made an appearance 
needs prayer 
watching mortal kombat with my hubby 
got the job for kamans < PROPMALE > shops at Kings island ! thanks for everyones prayers 
[ Hebrews 9:27 It is appointed to men once to die , but after this the judgment . ] If there were ever any questions about what happens after you die , the bible answers that . There is no reincarnation , nor is what lies beyond this world ' unknown ' 
Our neighbors probably think we are possibly crazy ... Spray bottle fight\ 
with my husband ... with us running around the apartment , I'm not really sure who \won\ " but I think he was no match for my mini ninja skillz " 
playing dragon age 2 
my heart and prayers go out to those affected by the recent disaster in Japan 
can't sleep 
IT'S FRADAI FRADAI ERRBODY LOOKIN FORWARD 2 DA WEEKEND : B\ 
Sorry , I had to . 
Replaying Chrono cross for the gazillionth time , dare I say it's one of the best JRPGs ever ? 
Macaroni and tomatoes , yum ^^ 
