' s feet are tired from too much walking of the earth . saw some bitchin ' stuff though ! P.S. < PROPFIRST > , please quit eating raw eggs . you are never going to be < PROPMALE > . plus , i thought i saw a chicken fetus in one . gross . 

finally found a kick-ass coffee shop in town ( free refills , to boot !! ) . jammin ' out to CLUTCH today ( imagine that ... ) . they have new songs up on the space ! new album out on july 7th !!! and death by stereo's new album comes out that day ! gonna be the 
exhausted + over-caffeinated + indescribably STOKED about writing a fucking killer technical metal song with my band + meeting awesome people lately = i should up my med :) hahaha kidding , kidding . 
is sleepy . 
is drinkin ' < PROPFIRST > , smokin ' smoke-a-rettes , and talking about ridiculous anti-drug commercials and how Y2Kwas SOOOO anti-climatic . my new roommate kicks ass . he's basically a conspiracy theorist who aspires to be a pirate someday and can logical justify his 
* chants-speaks-jams-on ' yay-yah ' in a hardcore manner * -So the I smash the palace like the son of Samson , Hollerin ' louder than all of Bedlam , I climbed the highest of the heights . Atop that mountain I watched the day turn into night . Oh I tell you I was 
Clutch's Word of the Day : palliate . look it up . good shit , man . 
I woke up this morning , put on my Sunday shoes . Don't ask me why it's just the nature of my groove . I launched down the boulevard , came under attack . But I rocked them senseless , cause < PROPFEMALE > it's tight like that , good God . Stagger < PROPFIRST>'s everywhere , trying 
CRIMINAL ROCK is on my mind . 
loves singin ' karaoke . i meet the funnest pee-pole ! tonight was smells like teen spirit & it's been awhile & down with the sickness . yeah ! 
Kickin ' it to the new Clutch album ! thinkin ' about sweet sweet sleep . 
old friend visiting me and it's my roommates b-day ! should be fun kickin ' it . 
wishes he brought his Throwdown cd to the library . damn my lack of foresight ! 
is now a par t-t ime , on-call engineer and a server at a new restaurant in town ! yay-yeah ! i get the best of both worlds ... using my brain and meeting people . 
figured out retaining wall design after 2 years of brain atrophy . now to go enjoy the sun and walk around town , maybe work another sunburn ! 
thanks everyone for the b-day wishes ! you are all the best ! 
and 2010 is off with a BANG ! so far i'm like usain bolt out of the blocks . i sometimes wish life were a sprint .... i'd be way ahead for this year . 
lunch break ! time for a tuna melt 
what an awesome night ... can't wait for tomorrow ! drafting and data entry and well recasing design , oh my !!! 
gonna go < PROPFEMALE > out with my special ladyfriend in the sun ! 
i am so exhausted it's not even funny . thank you jesus for a regular work schedule . sometimes you just need to go to bed and forget about it all for a bit . eff . 
i've decided i'm snowed in at < PROPFEMALE>'s with her 2 boys and my boss's son . and they teaching me pokemon so i can enter the tournament at the civic center today and win them a bunch of pokemon schwag . metal \\m/\\m/\\m/ 
work work worky work ! 
has been draftin ' , gettin ' metal , and sluggin ' coffee on since 530 am . i'm ready for a beer , yo . 
about off work , improv group at 7 pm with < PROPFEMALE > embler !!! yay !!! if only i had time for a nap ... 
LUNCH WITH K-WREN AND < PROPMALE > !!!! and < PROPFEMALE > of course :) 
Stick a fork in me because i'm fucking DONE . going to newcastle . see you all soon . i need to cruise the hills and think about nothing but the songs i'm singin ' and the women i'm diggin ' . PEACE ! 
yay for today ! and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and everyone else today !!! 
is ready for whatever life ( aka work ) has to throw at him ! i actually slept a bit this weekend . bring it , Life ! 
' m back up in the rXc a new drifter/normal-ish dude . hit me up at 605.430.270 leave message will call back . stop by b&l bagels today . trying to pack it \Tight Like That\ " - Clutch song ... get it ? k-wren ? staying at < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > due to eviction . damn the man . later ya'll " 
thinks that being an Early Fall/Winter with a bit of green mixed in Libra is good for humankind to day ! yay god ! 
is strolling around town with his new blue hair and laughing at all the people gawking at the dude with the silly hair and lamb of god cut-off metal tee . yay me ! and yay today ! 
just made 12 bucks in 30 mins with < PROPFIRST > with our combined RAWK powers on the street corners of rapid city . YAY for one-of-a-kind , off-the-cuff travelling music !! 
met two kick ass awesome new friends last night at the oasis ! yippee skippee 
is one smitten kitten . 
gets to see his special ladyfriend again very soon =) 
she's late she's late for a very important date ! where'd ya go , beautiful ? 
wishes his special ladyfriend would come give me some smooches at < PROPFEMALE>'s! everyone i love is here but her ! Damn the MAN . fuckballs . 
headed down to the oasis for a beer or three ! come meet me if you're up for a good long night , Anyone ! 
time for a good 30 minute walk in the snow with some cranberry apple tea and my last 3 smoke-a-rettes . gonna be a < PROPFEMALE > refreshing walk to calm me down for the night . later gators ! 
find me if you in rapid , or vice versa , give me your name , signature , and address , and earn my 75 cents all just by putting < PROPMALE > Knuppe for Hot Springs on the ballot for governor . help me out folks ! with 111 more signatures i get 100$$$ ! and a part time campaigning job !! get your pens out or steal mine ! i'll buy you a drink and send you a smoke ! -ian . p0003 
i got beat up my at Bull Dyke Midget Redheaded Stepchild last night/this morning . black eye , knots on head , lumps of face , split lipthe worksand i haven't seen her in 3 days and i'm dying inside dude , but i flew higher and transcended 3 levels , and i'm chillin ' with my two favorite queer boy queens , 47yoMike & his lovah < PROPMALE > INSTEAD ! 
FUCK BITCHES ! 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , are you ready to spend some time in fucking Pennington County JAIL ?!? it's pretty comfy there . perfect to reflect on that bullshit from last night ! 
back in black after 23 days in the PCJ . fuck me , it's good to be free ! 
can anyone in rapid city spare a couch for a night or two ? 605-430-2700 , leave a message i'll call you back . 
misses his broheim . :( 
but it's a beautiful day !!!!! and i gots nothing better to do !!!! 
Only after the last tree's cut and the last river poisoned only after the last fish is caught will you find that money cannot be eaten When everything becomes irrelevant as the sky tears open fire rains down fire rains down the 4th world comes to an end push the button , light the match feel the fault lines detach crosshairs in the evening light I sit and watch the city burn Tonight The city burns tonight 
In the final curtain call You left me here with the coldest of feelings Weight , kind , depression Blessing the floor with the places you've stepped in Will they ever measure up To the way you left me Here by the roadside The bloodiest cadaver Marked in your words I'm the joke I'm the bastard This is no beginning yeah yeah This is the final cut , open up This is no beginning yeah yeah This is the final cut I'm in love 
Where was your heart When we needed it most ? The world looks better when you’re fallen Braced to comfort and not to crawl And divided , we must Pray for the broken No one could fix us We are , we are We are , we are We are , we'll always be The wrong Obscurity has no hero 
sorry for those whom believe in coinci-DENSE . 
the world will burn today , you know it's true , do you know what i mean ? a joint . yeah . 
choke . on your own words for they are false . trust me i do know things strange and wondrous . therefore , beauty . 
i am so kick ass awesome this month . 
http://webmaila.netzero.net/webmail/mobile/7D5B46D8/47045D4252998EA780ED2CFE750C5A70C689B0E549C87E7E1220E24F23190AAB3B3500DE09EF15B53134D59084721207CA6AA33FFB3E5BE54BFDF7995C63890951AEC80287CFD5B4C96869D7023233C2DF03B1D59842F1902A73E30A42E24C46F265CD7228E267BF079279585AFD59F8ABB251EE5F0D5839FCDDA78AE54102983C1B40FC4ECE1199BAB40FAA4BA7D34433C59E8C3C0E2CCB51672BE32E699F19/26?&command=moreAddr&rteSupported=0&fromPage ... 
Say goodnight young dagger have the years been kind to you ? Or have they left you vacant with so much left to proveIt should be none of your concern but the pain has been lifted awayFatally eternallyOvercome and overthrowThe blood that swelled your tainted lips now drip to the floorSo dry your eyes before you cry another riverAnd breath-by-breath I'll rise to keep your flood away from me 
truthPrevail and rideInto hole The source of consciousness Alive Into the black holeSearching the crystalMaking . A deep breath before the plunge . Running through the darknessHolding hearts in my eyesFalling short of gauntlet The touch is cold I tore a pathscreaming through wind and blood I will it all Burning deep in my skull 
it's all about LOVE , tell everyone ! - < PROPFEMALE > beckhols 
myPersonality is apparently super kick ass awesome according to Facebook . Check out the tab at the top of my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
i welcome this PAIN beating down on me i always welome ALL pain . is it your eyes , B , that choose not to see ? all i would do . if you only knew . all of my trust was and is given to you , B , oh please this is all i can give you . WHAT ELSE DO YOU NEED FROM ME B ? frustrated . 
nevermind what i've DONE , mind what i DO . oh please this is what i can give i might be sick broken to pieces and down and up at the same time but i need you in my life sooner than later . but later is always better than never , do you know what i mean ? absolutely ! so whatever this thing is this thing now that i've now become and will become nevermind just think about me how we had it so good babe ??? yeah . 
life is a shattered symphony , yea ? no it's a COMPLETE FINALIZED and UNENDING symphony CAUSE everything is eventual , eventually . 
When you've gone about things all wrong , Bury them here with a life time you would never regret . In savouring sleep , what do you mean I toss and turn everywhere ? I'll miss you when you're gone and done in un-pretending that you meant the world to me With that you did call me a liar in not so many words and in the making mistakes you'll rest incomplete without me , me thinks . 
mankind is a festering parasite relentlessly draining it's host dry , no ? yes . 
blinding consuming manufactured faith mankind is a pestering festering parasite relentlessly and restlessly draining it's host dry . for sure < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! the city will reap what it sowed when it burns . watch as this whole city burns tonight . WATCH IT WITH ME , YO ! gangster gangster it's not about the salary it's all about reality easy-e . 
so manufacture your own faith and spread it , yo ! before it's too late , yo ... when everything becomes an element , reverts back ... it will all come to an end soon someday . crosshairs in the sun's westering light . 
don't hide from my sun . don't do it ! 
a weeble wobble i dropped it now gotta find it before the morning ruins it all . when the skillet drowns the cry from the missionary rockstars . its ridiculous ' lectric ya'll in the houses of the rising sun cause the axles gotta be tight stick an evil in your ear fertilizin ' all your fears here it is from the Rock ' n Roll Outlaw . we rock this criminal a-criminal rock ! aweeyah i'm a rockin roll outlaw yeah ! 
now you can rock it like that simple symphony ' cause it's crazy electric like my revolution from my revelations this month . check it don't wreck it or me :) 
i heard what's up i had two thoughts pull ahead flank and now from the belly of the whale came this permanent JAM ! go shoot the < PROPFEMALE > the sun the great divide i believe there's a storm a-brewin ' 9 crows at 9 o'clock nigh i believe she's goin ' down i believe we're gonna die die DIE fortune tellers make a killin ' these days me oh my ! the hunters . 
it only fell apart because i let it so i can't ever let it again . 
lay my hammer hammer down get the job done right jacked up and clocked in into a firefight covert reaction bet you never saw me in the glass parking lot of the american dream . THEY ALL DIE oh FUCKING MURDER ! redrum . peace love and hippie smokers . 
goin ' on the prowl to the oasis cuz it's time to do some lovin i think . maybe , no fo sho ! 
home : check . jobs : check . life quest : check . secret of the universe : check . new lover : still searching . 7 friends who will always be there : check check mic CHECK ! oh and love : check . 
what else do you need from me i might be sick broken torn to pieces so whatever this is this thing that i've become that you seem hate it so much i'll be there no matter the distance no matter how ... 
7 applications yielded 4 interviews today . kick ass awesome day and it's hardly begun here at 420 ! 
guaranteed someone will bleed guaranFUCKINGT'd! someone will bleed someone has got to die oh forgot the reason why only what to do if the payrate's right jacked up and clocked in into a fireFIGHT black liquid assets FUCK the Blue Colony paint their picket fences RED with the AMERICAN DREAM they all DIIIIIIEEEE !!!!!!! oooooohhhhhhHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! FUcking MURDER !!!!! best breakdown ever . lamb of god Contractor 
this is a motherfucking invitation , the only one you will ever need . this is a motherfucking invitation , just try me . JUST ONE TIME JUST ONE TIMMMMMMME you try my just one time i'll fucking annihite you . man lamb of god pumps me up and makes me angry ! anger is a great and powerful tool , young padouin . now you've got something to die for . ahhhhHHHHHHHHH !!!!! need to switch to clutch and chill , yo ! 
Found me a new lover !!! WORD DOGGY get them SMOOChES ! 
freestyling to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > death metal on myspace . goddam i'm the bestest , yo . \\m/\\m/\\m/ 
he who keeps his mouth keeps his life . mass deception everywhere . possession recession swallow your pride , swallow your pride becuse SILENCE IS < PROPFEMALE > cuz it would be pathetic to hear your voice ... you know that , don't you ? i know that , everyone knows that , sillyface ! ' Paradox ' by August Burns Red . FInd it at myspace.com/ianp.0003 , add me as a friend please pretty please ! silence is < PROPFEMALE > 
so confused ... i hate living in the puzzle box sometimes cuz i got most of it figured out but it keeps fucking with me ... just want to be left content and not dazed and confused , do you know what i mean , wambli ? a joint . yeah . definitely . fuck . 
and life is so good except for her . :( 
sad to be un-friended by someone you care about and you didn't even do anything wrong or at least don't know what . HATE BEING LEFT IN THE DARK ALL ALONE , metaphorically speaking , of course . 
used to be so young and invincible , used to think i'd last forever : AS THE DAYS GO BY IT'S GETTING HARDER TO HOLD MY HEAD UP HIGH . life is the trenches and i've been wounded . descend . ascend . transcend . should we be sentenced ? battles begin certain war battles begin . jesus god save us all or just me . something has got to change for the better now i am at rock bottom you know . you know ? yeah you know i know we ALL know 
< PROPFEMALE > ME AWAY 
get up eject escape from the Prison Planet . i need to tonight or else i might implode/explode all over everyone . no bueno , yo . :((((((( 
lie to your god , you'll be surrounded by hate . 
free of this the peace of mind . gone are dreamers who strive to know . until me and us now . we are the dreamers and knowers and doers . warriors in other words . dreamers , ninjas , same thing . we will change the world this year , < PROPFIRST > my words . you will know us everywhere you'll see it come true . scared . afraid . terror-fied . 
life is good . hope that key comes in the mail , it will unlock everything for me and make life so much sensible and comfortable . luxury awaits the mailman !!!!!!! you know i really dig you girl you know i dig you madly , little pretty lady i'll see you tonight or tomorrow i can't wait girlie ! 
Your mood could swing all over the map today , but remember to check your assumptions if you find yourself sliding into depression or boredom . You may just need to see things from a fresh perspective ... my horoscope today . it's already true and happening , yikes . planets aligning again ? coolness . awesomeness . yay . 
You could have been all I wanted Butyouweren'thonestNowgetinthegroundYouchokedoff thesurestoffavors But if you really loved meYouwouldhaveenduredmyworld Wellifyou'rejustas I presumed . A whore in sheep's clothing . FuckingUpallIdo AndifSOherewe stop . ThenneveragainWillyouseethis in your lifePlease makeupyourmind girl , i'd do anything for youOnelast kissforyouOnemorewishtoyouPlease makeupyourmind girlBefore I hope you die 
i've been alone for far too long , so long return . you've been alone for far too long , so long , return . time to returrrrnnn . don't cry for me . don't cry for me i won't stop at you , don't cry to me , i won't stop for you . you've been alone we've been alone for far too long time to return . otherwise , long way down , i don't think i'll make it on my own i don't wanna live in here alone ! 
no words describe this your face says everything you wished that night would never end but end it you did . come on come on come with me don't look back . the perfect night . i've never felt my heart beat so fast i wish that night never ended but end you did . but you could begin again no words describe this you wish that night had never ended either . don't deny i loved you and you stomped on me for loving you rightly . 
walk on blaspheme never say my name again , walk on walk on . so now you see me all too well and you can't handle me hiding behind lies if i could only run fast enough now you're running out of time . you see me all to well and my bright white < PROPFEMALE > energy hurts your sleep filled eyes that are so beautiful and deep bad ass babe come back to me or else we'll both end up sad and lonely again . rowsh . bye . 
i will stand til everything falls away i will fight this war forever or until i die i will stand when everyone falls away . city burning again . ashes of the wake cover the fallen to the west and south . 
i know i'm desperate but love leaving makes one that . 
we're gonna break these walls , we won't wait anymore , never been so strong before . we are , we are , i am stronger lift my head dry my eyes open my soul let the rains wash the black away for the 6th time . the 4th world crumbles into nothing . but not me , still i rise from the ashes looking inside searching for meaning truth cannot survive my scythe . 
the strength of my purpose . determination it quells the strife . strength . of . purpose . yeah . 
i will hold you near when everything falls away , i will hold you dear when everything falls away i will give you peace when everything falls away , i will hold you near when everything falls away away falls away . but i won't stop believe-ing 
though i may never understand it i won't stop believing . i am nothing without with you take all i have though i may never understand it god , i won't stop believing another day equals another solutions . i will stop breathing but i won't stop beliveing ! 
here you are there’s nothing left to say You're not supposed to be that way Touch me now and I don’t care I’m almost human but I’ll never be the same Long way down I don’t think I’ll make it on my own I don’t want to live in here alone I never put you down I never pushed you away Your not supposed to be that way Take anything you want is there anything to feel Is it pain that makes you real Fuckmeupbefore Itkillsme 
we can lift up our hands to the sky find all of the string they're pulling and keep from falling back into our own rhythmic poses turning us into machines and then one of these days we'll no longer betray ourselves anyway , we will all take the same way out . all these illusions and demons crowding around as they hunt and haunt me down and throw me out while all the rest of the other hide their hands in their pockets . 
i don't wanna waste my time ever again i just wanna take you wHere i can see the sunrise in your eyes be free come home to me and i wont keep holding on but i can keep healing andTO REFLECT IS TO REGRETthrowing it all away andAPATHYmy one way streetIT SUCKS SO MUCHfor me and in your tearYOU TRIED TO SHOW BLIND EYES AND TELL DEAF EARSbeen looking in from the outside latelyI'VE SEEN WHO I USED TO BE AND IT'S NOT ME . 
I hope you can find a way to get your bipolar in order , my friend . Its a tough road and I can't imagine what you're experiencing . Just remember to keep the love ( which I know you've got a lot of ) . the world's gonna keep going regardless of what we want , so love is all that is left . much love to you , sir . write me any time . 
now i know , and it's all bullshit thanks a lot bitch . people don't appreciate anything i swear to god . 
we need you here right now RIGHT now as the emptiness rends your souls let us say goodbye to death and claim our souls . try to deny the light without me you crumble our entire life it's over she's gone i'm gone we're all gone . I'LL NEVER FLY FAST ENOUGH TO MAKE TIME STAND STILL . everyone together , we're saving our souls !!!! everyone together , we'll save them ourselves . we will !!!!!!!!!!! 
can you hold the water responsible for your wayward behavior ? your shame will remain , your mind is a mountain before you crushing the land into the sea . it's so much easier to fight this world when you're the LAST IN LINE . 
well you made me weep and you made me moan and you caused me to leave child my happy home . but someday baby , you ain't worry my life no more . if i had money like < PROPFIRST > ford , lord i've have me a woman on every road . RIBONUCLEIC ACID FREAKOUT THE POWER OF PRAYER ! would you sacrifice your first born son as < PROPMALE > would have done as of < PROPMALE > ? hell no that ain't cool . 
everyday i wake up we drink a lot of coffee and watch the cnn everyday i wake up to a motor cooler < PROPFEMALE > and let the locusts fly in lobsterbacks attack the town again wrap all my things in aluminum beams of darkness streak across the sky patrons from the ancient satellite every time i look out my window same 3 dogs lookin back at me every time i open my window cranes fly in to terrorize me the power of the holy ghost 
hey < PROPFEMALE > it's tight like that dontcha know ya know it those of ya with politic grooves good gawd i'm tight like that but if ya don't lose that skin you'll never be tight LIKE THAT , WATCH ME WALK NOW ! rock my soul spit shine in a 3 piece suit god lord i gotta love ya cuz ya do it like ya do . hallelujah all the people in back hallelujah all the people in front , tight like that , rapture runt . 
don't know you , what you're for , you're just someone i used to know . 
i LOVE this picture of me and K-WREN ! she is so the new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > what a sexy dame . my friends are sooo good lookin ' they put me to shame , good gawd ya'll! 
MY WILL BE DONE , now pray for your miracles , my will be done in this glorious NIGHTMARE . 
downward i have crawled , the end is yet to come ! downward i have gone , still i bleed , i won't die OFF . 
yes , this is < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > patterson . who the FUCK is this ? oh i'm inconveniencing you you two fucking clowns . inconvenience THIS ! 
Bite your tongue until it bleedsThis pain is worth more than what you have to say I wouldn't pay a < PROPFEMALE > to hear your thoughtsChoose your words carefullyHe that keeps his mouth keeps his life . He that opens his lips too wideShall bring on his own destruction [ Proverbs ... 13:3 ]Bite your tongue until it bleedsThe pain is worth more than what you have to saySwallow your pride . Swallow your pride because silence is < PROPFEMALE > 
i have a daaaate with the cutest girl in town , i have a daaaate and i'm the happiest boy around ! oh my god , i just can't wait ! because tonnniiiiiiiiiiiight , i have a DATE !!! a hot one too ;) ! 
man best date of my life . nuff said . :) 
like walking into a dream , falling into this place just giving you small taste of your afterlife here to stay . i see a distant light can this really be right ? how did this come to be i'm wrapped in your tree ! and when i think of all the places i just don't belong i've come to terms with life and realize it has gone too far . she is so right for me and i'm not gonna fuck this one up no way no how homies !!!! 
I feel insane every single time I'm asked to compromiseCause I'm afraid and stuck in my ways and that’s the way it staysSo how long did I expect love to outweigh ignorance ? By that look on your faceI’m not not insaneCome back to me it's almost easyCome back again it's almost easyShame pulses through my heart from the things I've done to youIt's hard to face it all and you but the fact remains that this is nothing new 
I will suffer for so long ( What will you do , not long enough ) To make it up to you ( I pray to God that you do ) I'll do whatever you want me to do ( Well then I’ll < PROPMALE > you a < PROPMALE > ) And if it's not enough If it's not enough Try again We’re coming back , coming back We’ll live forever , live forever Let’s have a wedding , have a wedding Let’s start the killing , start the killing 
you think it's over but it's just begun baby don't cry cuz everyone's gotta die sometime . you had my heart , at least for the most part ! now no one has my heart except for me and God ! 
before the story begins , is it such a sin ? for me to take what's mine ? until the end of time ? we were more than friends before the story end and now i'll take what's mine what god would never design ! baby you had my heart , at least for the most part yeah eee yeah we fell apart so it's time to make my new start cuz everybody even you has got to die to me sometime but baby don't cry ! 
i walk a lonely road , the only road i've ever known . don't know where it goes but it's home to me and i walk alone . i walk these empty streets on the boulevard of broken dreams when the city sleeps , and i am the only one . and i walk alone . read between the lines , what's fucked up and everything's alright , cross the borderline that is home to me and i walk alone ! i love being a hermit bachelor yay for today ! 
well i won't hesitate ! no more , no more , it cannot wait , i'd be yours if i could . mmm-mm hey heeeyyyyy hey , open your mind and see like me , open up your plans and Damn ! you're free . look into your heart and you'll find love looove love , dance , sing , and maybe someday down the road you'll find me waiting for you ! there's no need to complicate our is short this our fate i'm yours :) 
life is the bestest it's ever been . i'm so calm and content these days i don't need anything or anyone but my FRIENDS who will always be there for me . i attempted to catch a rabbit today and i WON ! so now i have a pet rabbit that i named < PROPFIRST > cottontail ! yay-YEAH i've needed a pet ! 
buzzed my questionably ugly blondish green mop off and scraped paint off my house all day . gonna paint my house to pay the rent for a good long while ! off to go for a nice bike ride . 
i'm lookin all army and thinkin ' all anarchist and voting libertarian and listening to the best punk band ever NOFX YEAH ! do you know what i mean ? 2 joints ! gonna watch a marathon of arrested development the funniest show ever with the crew and RELAX after a full working day , first one in almost 3 months . got a sunburn and the back side of the house scraped !! can't a-wait for tomorrow !!!! 
Be a winner not a problem admitter unquit Better to be a hepper than a healthy 12 stepper forfeit You wanna keep it goin but you don’t know how Everyone at meetings gets a Löwenbräu You quit you’re shit you’re a quitter(I quit , I’m shit , I’m a quitter)And no one likes you Start a pattern of behavior I see no reason to stop You got a habit got to have it til it’s finished dont stop 
The < PROPFIRST > Chans chopped Pabst pitcher been poured You got a spare kidney and your liver looks bored So stop fucking around(With friends like you I’m fucked ) Yo’re buying the next round You wanna be a Thompson Hemingway Bukowski Banging < PROPMALE > Burroughs lived to 83 Youre famous and you’re < PROPMALE > quit acting like a bitch ( You’re a fucking dickhead ) And no one likes you ! 
myspace.com/nofx !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! damn i love life , if i could only find a cuddlebuddy tonight ;) any takers ? 
a lost and hopeless cause forever mourning my loss of days , and eagerly awaiting the day i make a little bit of music history . soon my dears ! recording tomorrow . my metal ballad album . gonna be HUGE ! Think Lamb of God cross-bred with < PROPFIRST > Cash with some Clutch thrown in as the main spice and finished off with some Coheed & Cambria . i'll do it ! you'll see ! go me ! 
Before the days of collapsing , And I'll stand through all these lines just to make it back to you . Can you help me every step of the way ? We can bury that battle and bury the cause . I'll stand through for you all this time cuz friends are the most important to me being alone and being holy are the SAME THING ! 
Theres nothing in the way that could stop us It’s your time to go Hey What I miss We're one and the same Just give it the push while I kick-start There’s just no time for this Come on I's just your lovin ' Im looking for I just wanna LIVE for once Youve got the gun Ive got the bullets i just wanna live for once Oh baby ... be my lover ! go on and pull that trigger 
another road crossed another cold state line while i recall all the words you spoke to me cant but wish that i was there dear god im much too far away we all need the person who can be true to you but i left her when i found her and now i wished id stayed cause im lonely and im tired and im missin you again oh nooo once again there's no one here while the city sleeps pictures and memories will have to help me through 
PAYDAY !!! 
A way to catch our breathRising from the mercury We will climb to bestow our trust Take away the anchorAmplify the mystery Inhale the earth and wind Map out the plans to our test Escaping , The long way out Carve out the path for my soul !!! 
go on and gimme the gun and it's out of my reach Nevermind what they think about me . they don't know anything about me where everthing's okay and black darkens go on and give me the gun they left me no choice let me blow them away , it's out of my reach , nevermind what they think about me :) in the shattered symphony . 
COHEED & CAMBRIA just released the greatest and best album i've ever listened to , go buy \Year of the Black Rainbow\ " today ! holy fucking shit it's a sonic < PROPFEMALE > ! best 11.88 clams i've ever spent at Walmart !!! but it now ! " 
i AM one of those FortunatePeople who attracts Other People QuicklyI get drunk on peopleI find them to be intoxicating and often have the same Effect on OthersBut even though i spend a lot of time living in the NOwThere is always a glimmer of Future in my thoughtsDayMares-NightDream , and the humdrum triteness of life and LOVEits always creeping up on youSomething is always creeping up on you icannotbeartofeelit 
While you were sleeping we were stealing your Hearts . 
time for jokes is over , im always misunderstood and all this world is filled with expectation and lacking in hope and it needs to be filled with hope and lacking expectation thinking of someone but i'm sick of pining away for pretty girlies who are beyond my reach so its time to just STOP BEING upfront and honest with people because it seems like no one can handle me i'm sick of being misunderstood all the time 
cant fuck with the feel comin at ya all 3 Gs we got big news the party boat is here the band is kickin and i see lots of beer and i believe there is gamblin on the decks below here they know the deal sacks packed stacked pieces of life A SAILORS LIFE FOR ME LIVE FREE OR DIE NEVER LOOK A BOUNTY < PROPMALE > IN THE EYE . DAMN . i think aces high sleeves are rolled tree-mendous diamonds and a mouth of gold 
through these words that crash my ears now i stomach this in fear with the turn i garnered the name of the bastard son through the fire i will damn through this water i make the turn i gravitate toward you im willing to forget you but i don't want to yet Oh sweet woe only i don't even think of you no i don't wanna think of you anymore girl so goodnight tonight goodbye but just for tonight i'm burning < PROPFEMALE > 4 ! 
karaoke at the american legion tonight ! gonna sing the best songs in the world and kiss all the pretty girlies and then break their hears cuz i'm the heartbreak kid like that awesome movie with < PROPMALE > stiller and that one chicks beautiful body ! 
i'll make you wish you hadn't burned our time before , ill live through this as always in a manner cursed of my own accord . if my shame spills our worth across this floor then goodnight tonight im burning < PROPFEMALE > 4 . the worlds burn tonight they must for as god demands the end that nears . if my shame spills our worth across this floor then goodnight tonight im burning < PROPFEMALE > 4 no i don't wanna think like that anymore today ! 
so give em the story they want you to before you leave me . god only knows if your word isn't pure and the blood on your hands isn't yours . i won't don't believe any words that you tell and i won't drink the blood in these pills . god only knows , he only knows when your word isn't pure and the blood on your hands isn't yours 
from pleasure to pain i wish to stay away i have a secret that no one should know that i shouldn't tell this one won't feel this one just won't leave me well i'm not gonna hold your hand while you're burning in hell you'll burn in hell while they're diggin you out . in the press of your gaze do you feel the same way short scales i'm eating my way back hoooome . 
found a 2 day long house party with pretty girlies that want to cook me dinner and are saving me trees for when i get there ! yay , time to be taken care of for once with < PROPMALE > and mk and wambli and skyler and < PROPFIRST > the birthday girl ! 
what a glorious life this is ! 
street entertaining with < PROPFEMALE > and a guitar all day in < PROPMALE > alley the library and 6th and main ! come help us out with some funds for a bbq tonight and come bbq with us if you want . call us 605-390-7656 !! have a happy happy day oh joy ! 
me and < PROPFEMALE > so cute in our matching footsie party PJs and our matching calf tattoos ! more fun tonight !!! 
woke up , cooked breakfast , ate breakfast , painted a house on the golf course , came downtown , made 10 bucks with improv street rock to get me and kane into the punk show at TREA at 8 , goin to eat vegan dinner with some cute chikas that heard us playin our tunes in < PROPMALE > alley ! yay-YEAH ! aces high , sleeves are rolled , got a sunburn and a pocket full of GOLD ! 
cookin ' with jPaul and putting his new house together waitin for someone to get off work at midnight so i can get some smooches !!! what a sublime fucking day . i will stand i will stand ' til everything falls away i will fight this war forever or until i die . i will stand , i will stand ' til everyone falls away ... 
never , no , never again will you see this in your life . but right now , let's celebrate that we don't give a fuck , let's celebrate that we don't care with a middle finger high in the air . let's take the night off !!!! 
going to shutter island at the elks with jpaul and < PROPFEMALE > ! so excited !! 
shutter island was a scary f-in ' movie ! loved it ! goin home to paint the house all day gonna < PROPFEMALE > out downtown later most likely and play some rock with kane and < PROPFEMALE > . 
yay ! got to < PROPFEMALE > out with a prospective pretty girlie today for a couple hours and baked up a delicious 7 layer mexican dip with black beans , tomatoes , jalapenos , cheese , and mango habanero salsa garnished with sour cream and fresh cilantro . GET FRESH ! 
fucking awesome night biking around bar hop < PROPFEMALE > and mingling with people . gonna p < PROPMALE > y at the < PROPMALE > collective in UNDERGROUND complex with a recording studio , < PROPFEMALE > pong , pool , foosball , etc . oh and a dirty 30 and < PROPFEMALE > Sailer Peterrrrrr . and we're gonna check out some deciduous trees together , to quote the man , \What's up BIRCHES !?!? \ " . damn skippy doggy ! " 
sick of people coming down on me for no reason . it is an angry day . the < PROPMALE > quote of the day : i can't pay you money , but i can make you happy ! goal for the day : write and record an epic industrial metal album with ajay and start an < PROPFEMALE > punk band with < PROPFIRST > roth ! and remember , Nerdy is the new fake tits ! 
napped and played < PROPFEMALE > all day with little turk and wambli , time to head downtown and start a dance party ! 
yet another job interview this morning , beautiful day , perfect for finishing up my rent payment ( scraping and priming the house ) rockin ' the fuckin ' metal nofx and incubus and just having a blast in general . anyone who wants to < PROPFEMALE > with me and have fun come stop by my place , you'll hear the music and see me dancing and painting and working on my 2nd full body sunburn of the year !!! stop by and say What UP M-f'er ?!? 
gonna make some < PROPMALE > with < PROPFIRST > all afternoon and then it's BBQ time !!! swing by my place later if ya wanna < PROPFEMALE > . 127-1/2 indiana st by south park elementary . be there . or don't ... ;) 
call me if you want directions to a kick ass bbq !!!!!! 390-7656 or text 605-440-9031 . or call !! fun fun fun i promise or your money back . guaran-fuckin-tee'd 
he's fixed a lot of games and drank a million beers . he says designer drugs beat the hell out of wine . jesus christ is comin ' back he wants to kick < PROPMALE > gibson's ass . jesus christ he thinks christians are insane , they don't know love , they don't fear , scare tactics are always taught . if you're gonna look to me better get < PROPFEMALE > colored shades , cause what you see is what you get ! 
gonna go get metal at the hoedown for the weekend with < PROPMALE > and maybe < PROPFEMALE > ! 
when you get a sunburn painting 8 hours , blow zeros , have a party with your rommate his girl and bushmills all before 5 pm , and then walk downtown to the library and see a hottie chickee mowing the lawn in her itsy bitsy teeny weeny yellow polka < PROPFEMALE > bikini , and then get metal at the library , you KNOW you're having a good day , mother .... ers ! 
This moment will too pass us by . It's this notion inside all of us to prioritizeThrough our selfish eyes . To be the bull behind the rampage , The reason for all the riot . We'll feed our flame before wasting time on everyone else's , With more problems and less pride . We'll feed our flame before wasting time on everyone else's , The gallows were not supposed to look like this . 
Oh God we live in misery lying here in desperation . We need you here more than anything right now . right now . If everything's relative , Then why the emptiness in our souls ? Trying to untie the knot we thoughtWe were untying our entire lives We're busied up and burnt out . Everyone together we will strengthen ourselves We will Because now we knowYou won't ever fly fast enough to make time stand stillStop listen and learn . 
fixed my pink roadmaster and i'm off to go fix some other stuff . or just go for a bike ride in the SUN ! 
enjoying the overcast seattle-like weather so far today , let's hope it keeps up all day ! i miss the PNW , dammit ! 
researching the feasibility of sustainable energy sources to power all facilities and buildings in rapid city . and studying up for the LEED certification test . kick ass awesome ! 
nice fuckin ' day for a BBQ ... yep , that's right i'm having a bbq at my place this evening . YAY for SUMMER WEATHER !!!! and YAY for bicycles , batwings , and bitches ( the dogs occupying my backyard ) . 
oh joy good things are comin down the trail ! 
\\m/ yay-YEAH ! ' Tis PayDay , FOOL . : ! \\m/ 
we bears be hibernating . 
kick ass day anyone ? temporarily out of hibernation . 
can't wait for RED LODGE in a couple days !!!! 
smokin ' cigarettes , metallin ' out , relaxin ' , trying not to think about anything too hard . it'd be a nice night for a long walk down a deserted road . 
FUCK . my wallet got stolen . motherfucker that could lead to some less-than-desirable complications . goddamit schizophrenic . 
met so many damn cool people at the bullpen rally . can't wait for next year ! 
you've got to roll like the leaves : naturally . it's time to gain some ground . 
just got done with his first band practice as the new lead singer of Jonny Lunchmeat ! 4 hours is a long time to sing for .... exhaustion has set in , officially . 
is going with < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > to go round up some horses and do some ranch work for a day ... this should be interesting , and at the same time , ridiculous . no phone until tuesday though . sadness :( 
mom and stepdad are out from seattle ! haven't seen her in almost a year and about 2 for < PROPFIRST > . plus i got wireless internet hooked up this morning . it's gonna be a kick ass day , no doubt !!! 
great day : new a7x out , spent the day with my mom and stepdad at pactola and then the hippie hole , got internet hooked up finally , and last but not least , got my first show with my new band on saturday in sturgis at Ring Wars !!! 
i sure do love heavy rainstorms !!! 
