Happy New Year :) 

Grad Party 2moro !!!!!! 
Goin ' to see TRANSFORMERS .... ROBOTS IN DISGUISE :) 
Transformers was awesome thinkin about seein it again 
today is my bday !!!! officially legal 
So bored !!!!! 
So much homework ... this bites 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them are to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!!! 
I had the best dream ever !!!! I was hanging out with people from glee ! That made my day 
had a great day out with the girls nd < PROPFIRST > . baskin nd robbins smoothie was the bomb . nite nite every1 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . God Bless :) 
i jst made a blog all by myself its pdorris < PROPFEMALE > blogspot < PROPFEMALE > com ... leave some comments bitches 
i had lunch with a stuffed animal in my car because big bird told me to and he's my leader hahaha 
i feel free and spontaneous right now :) 
Saint won . Oh Yeah !!!! 31-17 
Saints won !! Oh yeah 31-17 
Looking for that missing piece :) .. of what i don't know 
Today is super nice outside yet i have nothing to do ... this is how people get into trouble ! it all starts with boredom hahaha 
Raindrops falling on my head ... i love the rain ... today . Maybe not so much tomorrow <3 <3 <3 
You can't force two opposing hearts to join as one .. Grrr . 
Just got back from Seaside . Totally chilled out now . Start new classes tomorrow ;) 
I just want to get in a car and drive for a while ... i am due for a substantial road trip 
Reflection is in order for today :) 
had a dream that i caught a big fish so that means someone is coming to visit or someone is prego !!!! 
totally procrastinating to write this english essay 
English professor told me my essay was so good she might use it as an example .. holla !!! thats how we smarty's roll 
On the kitchen table hahaha :) 
Its funny how life goes on .. sometimes even without you 
Totally Awesome Day :) <3 
So glad the weekend is almost here :) 
Yesterday was amazing .. hopefully today can be just as fun or even better :) 
I want to party so bored right now !!!! 
This Research Essay is killing me ... and my bed looks so nice and comfy , pillows are all nice and fluffy today . Darn sleep is my kryptonite ... Must stay awake and d-feat essay ..... 
Beyond Bored .. need to get out the house 4 sho 
Wow it's late , yet there are still a lot of ppl on facebook . Definitely some summer fever goin around , i know i got it :) lol 
Life definitely has some unexpected tosses and turns lol 
Today royally sucked !!! Tomoro better b better 
Parents piss me off .. mainly my mom .. more than u know ... so ready to fly solo !!!! 
Where is the sun ??!!!! 
Had all the boys sayin i didn't know she could get down like tht last night !!! \ 
It was fun , now i just want to chill :) 
IS Moving to Arizona ... bye bye Bonney Lake :) 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY !!!! :) 
sooooooooooooooo boreddddddddddd !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So Excited to be Alive .... I love life :p 
My Bday is in 13 days !!!!! 
Your Love is My Drug Boy :) Hahaha 
My brother is bein mean ... wish i had super powers to zap his ass !!!! 
Birthday in 3 days !!!!!! Finally gonna b the big One Nine .... i think i deserve lots of gifts lol 
I'm officially the big 19 oh yeah .... not that i can do anything that i couldn't do when i turned 18 lol 
Im melting !!!!!!! 
Wants to be out of the house !!!!!!!!! 
Today was definitely a chill day ... Plus i love the rain !!!!! 
Got a new phone finally !!! 
Sometimes u think ur strong , when the truth is tht ur not . Life could be so simple if people whatms not . Everything withers and eventually dies , but u wont see tears come out my eyes . Hurt is inevitable and i've come to expect it . However the stregnth ght lies inside me will not waiver or be put out . This is the beginning :) 
Rihanna's \Only Girl ( in the World)\ " is my jump right now :) " 
YAY THE CLIPPERS WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
SLEEEEEEEEPPPPPPPPPPPYYYYYYYYYYY !! 
I got my LICENSE !!!!!!!! Yes finally :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody !!!!! 
Tryna Figure Out How she's supposed to get to < PROPFIRST>'s New Years party when the ground is completely ice !!!! 
So Malachi < PROPFEMALE > is the best brother in the world ! He is handsom and smart and all the girls want him , and when it comes to me i feel inferior to him because he is the < PROPMALE > of all things . AHHH i wish you guys all had a brother like mine :) ! 
Some random dude jst txt'd me \lalalalalala i wrote tht jst for u\ " ... it was a song i guess but it wasnt for me !!! super awkward lol but now im talkin to him and he seems pretty nice . " 
Yay Clippers Won :) 
Yay it's < PROPFEMALE > today !!!!!! 
Dag nabbit theClippers lost !!! Flagrant foul ?!.. GET OUTTA HERE !!!!!! 
The day is always better after ur fav team wins :) 
