off to the YMCA for some extreme cardio . Anyone want to take a middle-eastern history exam for me next wednesday while Im at camp ... this is your < PROPMALE > to go undercover for < PROPFEMALE > Loring ... one time offer . 

is getting ready for another run ... 
is preparing herself for a week of amazing worship and fellowship that is ALDERSGATE . 
wants to see more about the 50% income tax increase . 
came home from the best week ever with the best people ever at Aldersgate to be greeted by her unconditionally wonderful parents . 
you know you have good sibs when you can all fall asleep in a movie theatre together ... minus < PROPFIRST > . 
work work work ... then play play play ... ( repeat 5x weekly . ) 
yadi and pujols tonight . 
is sitting with her family waiting send < PROPFIRST > ( the dog ) to puppy heaven . 
rest well , little sh*t . THe house is quiet without your busy little body running around . 
marathon training day 30 ... buying new shoes and finally getting back to the pavement ... at least for the next week . 
marathon training day 31 ... take the girls to the zoo , and then go to the wine tap with my girls . 
is comparing individual cell phone plans ... any suggestions ? 
has 4 days to clean , pack , study and take 2 Mideast History exams , 6 mideast history quizzes , and anything else that might come her way . 
is filtering through all the < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > news to get a weather update and maybe some sports . 
is dropping out of school and joining the [ fill in the blank ] . A lollypop to the best answer . 
is happy to be home , but had a great time at < PROPFEMALE > . 
thinks God is supplying all her needs . 
thinks she needs to pay more attention to traffic laws . 
marathon training day 49 .... realization that a half marathon is more feasible . 
going to the zooo with three little friends . 
is gearing up for the incubus concert for tonight . 
great friends make the world go round . 
is starting her week off with a cold . 
marathon training day 829482837 . 1 . plan for friday night sand volleyball . 2 . clean clean clean . 3 . Moolah with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
sushi <3 
loves you . 
to add a class or not ?? 
needs some logic after today in church . Whats the point ? Why do bad things happen ? 
thinks that 4year old land is great . 
is on a week long facebook fast . 
Attention parents ! I have open mornings during the school year that are available for babysitting . 
is ready to go down to Chrysalis in Harrisburg for a weekend . I kinda miss you \southern\ " people . " 
last day of summer vacation !! 
is heading down to Carbondale for the weekend ! <3 
is looking for a Christian magazine that publishes student written articles ... 
Question of the day : Why did the religion of Islam spread so rapidly ? A lolly to the best and most factual answer . 
is gone ! Pray for Chrysalis , and that I dont get lost going there !! 
for families who lost a loved one since 9-11 , my thoughts and prayers go to you . 
Dear God , Thank you for everything you have given me . I would also like some < PROPFEMALE > , understanding , and 27 hour days . And ... I would like it now . 
is looking everywhere ... left , right , under the bed , and all over for her lost ability to sleep . 1 hour is not sufficient . 
some people are like slinkies . THey are not really good for anything , but you cant help but smile when they tumble down the stairs . 
some people are like slinkies . THey are not really good for anything , but you cant help but smile when they tumble down the stairs . 
why would my itunes self destruct and delete all my music off my hard drive ? 
thinks Chiropractors should drip morphine as part of their practice . 
fall = chilly weather = Halloween = Yummy treats = Thanksgiving = family gatherings = tension = christmas shopping stress = Christmas !!!! According to my logic and calculations , < PROPFEMALE > is on his way !!!! 
unscamming her blackberry . 19.99 charges on phone bills are no fun . Everyone check your phone bills for wierd scams . 
is having a wonderful week so far . 
is ready for the weekend ! 
<3 
baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah I hate group projects ! 
O Canada ! 
Q : can you jump in the rain ? ( As in jump a car ) 
had a wonderful weekend in Canada with the most wonderful person . 
is feeling crummy ? 
4 days until the weekend !! 
wants a night out with the ladies . I need to feel lovely and glamourous again . 
needs to learn to get up earlier . 
last minute papers are always the best . See you when i come out of my Middle Eastern hole on Friday . 
who wants to go skiing ? 
is looking for a friend to borrow ski apparel . 
The Office makes my heart smile . 
thinking about the mountains . Skiing cant come soon enough ! 
SWIC women ARE beautiful . 
wants sushi . 
is donating platlets on Tuesday at 10 AM . Who wants to come and donate blood ? 
explain mystery google . 
My english was corrected 4 times by 4 different preschoolers .... each one was correct ... and I might have been wrong . 
something about glee draws me , but revolts me at the same time . I cant stay away . 
BOO UK . 
is waiting for a human sexuality textbook in the library . The cost of saving $150 by using the library book is relentless . 
wants long hair again . Any tricks to growing long hair ? 
One more final then skipping town with a certain someone . :) 
please and thank you , they're called the magic words ... 
Name this song and artist . \Am I everything you need you better rock your body right . \"" 
Its crunch time for some serious packing and TO-DO's . Not to mention some quality time with my legs before I ruin them on the slopes ... 
1 . Student loans are nontransferrable . 2 . SWIC takes forever to change your status to Graduated 3 . There is a blood shortage and I am going skiing ... please give blood . 4 . Goodbye 2009 , I cant wait to start 2010 . Lots of wonders ahead ! 
is a newly inducted Hockey fan . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes !!! 
is craving edemame and a volcano roll . 
3d grammies are silly . and < PROPFIRST > swift was a disappointment . 
Life might just be easier if school gets cancelled tomorrow . 
Not so fun fact : 1 in 52 boys in missouri have autism . 1 in 213 girls in MO have Autism . Overall prevelance rate is 1 in 83 . 
about exactly 4 days until my mini family reunion ! Good company , good family , and the best travel < PROPMALE > in the world . 
crunch time 
See you all in 10 days !! THis trip is going to be legen ... 
is very fortunate to have a great family to visit and a wonderful boyfriend to take with her . 
Is home . Happy Pi Day ! 
It is now hump day . I feel as though school was much more exciting before spring break . 
so ........? 
just got the proper motivation punch she needed to get her lagging bootie back into school gear . What a Wonderful Day !! 
is kind of a geek . 
whiners are not winners . 
is taking time away from her Psychology book to say HAPPY EASTER . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > makes for good study music . 
is in need of playtime . 
Thinks the show \Parenthood\ " is a really great show . " 
play . play . play . play . 
has all her work done waaay ahead of schedule . Leisure time ... what do I do with you ? 
is gaping at the gigantic tree laying in her font yard . 
please get an A ... please get an A ... Please get an A ... Please get an A ... 
glee makes me smile . 
vegan diet tips anyone ? 
Class was over Friday . Class began today and doesnt stop until December . See you all in 2011 . 
This class is great but exhausting . Im studying 18 chapters for tomorrow's Super Duper Tuesday exam . 
1 day left and then the real fun begins ! 
fell in love with a new friend called golf . 
is sleepily getting the car ready for her week exploration through Illinois , and then down to New Orleans ! 
new orleans ! I love girl trips ! 
is finally back from New Orleans and U of I and had an incredibly wonderful time . Theres so much to do now , but I cant wait to get started . 
my oh my what a wonderful day ! 
:) 
I know I just went on vacation ... but I need a day off . 
made the deans list !! First time ever !! 
Game night tonight ! Come by and bring your game face . 
Zumba , anyone ? 
exercise . exercise . exercise . sleep . i mean ... exercise . 
wants to know the story about the golf cart . 
happy fourth ! 
god is good 
is spread very thin . \ 
Like see through thin . 
is totally recharged 
remember remember the 5th of november . 
is in wedding mode . So much to think about ! * breathe * 
is really bad at talking on the phone . 
i want to go to the beach 
allergies :( 
day 2 at the gym . Success . 
is a firey redhead 
couldn't be happier . :o ) 
is looking for a running < PROPMALE > tonight 
says < PROPFIRST > hodskins : today at 11:12 , it will be 8-9-10- 11:12 
Im going to kick this 5k in the stomach . 
come skiing with SIUE in January !! 
is marrying a superhero . 
needs to switch up the exercise routine . Suggestions ? 
who knew booking was this painful 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
Anyone want to run a 5k with us tonight ? 
' s phone is broken . 
still has not mastered the < PROPMALE > of befriending people in college . 
girls night ! 
adendum 
found it . 
workschoolworkworkstudyworksleep . 
needs names of speeches given by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , founder of the Methodist Church . \ 
\ 
Any input ? 
does anyone own true blood seasons 1 and 2 that I can borrow ? 
An hour ago I had my tennis shoes ready and was dressed to go to the Y . I just snapped back out of the online world and realized that in the past hour , when I should have been walking , I bought shoes online , researched a job , and wasted time on facebook . 
Boot camp assessment today shows that facebook and college have both ruined the cross country physical fittness that I had achieved in high school . 
loves popcorn covered in shredded cheese . I was making someone tonight when halfway through my first bite , I realized the cheese was in its beginning stages of mold . 
Day one of boot camp was a success . Feel great .... ly tired ... \ 
Cant wait until Friday !! 
skiing or saving ? skiing or saving ? both ? 
“Whoever is slow to anger has great understanding , but he who has a hasty temper exalts folly . ” ( Proverbs 14:29 , ESV ) . 
getting stuff done is an endless task . 
sniff sniff .. has a cold . 
has a feeling her grades are going to slip this semester . 
Wants to become a drummer . Anyone out there want to give lessons ? 
is glad she went against her doubtful feelings and went out with her friends after all . New friends are always to be had and old ones are always fun to catch up with . 
loves rainy weather and comfy clothes . \ 
Easy A is a wonderful piece of comedy . 
Forgot my lunch in the fridge , as well as the contents of my wallet . Ate crackers and found some change to scrape together for soup . As I was paying , the gentleman in line paid for my meal , without any prompting from me . Sometimes people will surprise you ! 
goin on a bahamas cruse ! THank you < PROPMALE > Light Sweepstakes !! 
this has been a superbly wonderfull week . Someone must have stirred some wonderflonium into my wheaties . 
so many awesome things happening this week . \ 
1 . stranger bought me lunch . 1 . won a cruise . 3 . got an i phone . 4 . made great grades 5 . hanging out with my father . 
Wants to do a community service project . Maybe start a mission trip group . Anyone in ? 
weekend needs to come a bit faster . 
Is on autopilot 
Is going to the Chicago area in 3 weeks and then a Bahama cruise in 2 months with her man !! 
wonderful weekend with wonderful people . Now its time to work . I cant wait until I have a career and weekend work optional . At least , I think thats how it goes . 
Dove wisdom of the day : instead of complaining , try to find a solution . 
its a brand new day , and the sun is high , all the birds are singing that ... 
funny , when sprint charges your normal rate , seeing the < PROPMALE > is easy . When they charge you 40 dollars extra , there are errors all over the site , and you cannot view the < PROPMALE > . \ 
I switched to ATT 
took the GRE ... did pleasantly okay for not studying at all . 
couch Cabernet conversations with mom . <3 
today I was jealous of someone with mono . I think it is time for a day of nothing . 
3 weeks , break , 1 week , cruise , 1 week , finals , then Christmas ! 
is getting married exactly one year from today . 
Dress : Check\ 
Cake : Check\ 
CHurch : CHeck\ 
Fiancee : Check\ 
Reception : Check\ 
Four awesome bridesmaids : Check CHeck CHeck Check\ 
One amazing groomsgal : Check\ 
FLorist and DJ suggestions anyone ? 
Stats . Test and measures . Speech . Clinical paper . Headstart Paper . 4 days , three nights to finish .... and .... GO . 
Thanksgiving break is here ! 
Is sad she missed hodskins birthday movie and dinner , but is glad she got so much done today . 
I think there is an indirect correlation between workload and social skills . 
is filled to the brim with reliability and validity scores on testing for autism . \ 
Im ready to dump this and go to the Bahamas . 
is 24 hours away from the bahamas 
the cruise was good ... I wonder what it takes to get a degree in leisure studies ... 
, like every teenage girl , really wants to own Eclipse . <3 
I hate this time of year , when migrating birds seem to want to fly through our living room via the giant closed window on the side of our house . (# casualties today - 4 ) 
Is ready for a night out . 
is amazed that her laptop and her bones survived the quick slippery spill she took on the ice this morning . I need a laptop bag . 
pi and Cake at the Pageant ! 
Semester over . Lessons learned . Im slacking off next semester . 
Deans list 
is a very lucky duck . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > christmas . 
Family Family everywhere . <3 
Over the river and through the woods ... 
Who wants to go ice skating next week ? 
what are you all doing on New Years < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Loves January ! Grammys , < PROPFEMALE > Globes , and Oscars all coming up . WOOH ! 
is listening/reading skinny b*tch . I highly recommend it . 
Only the good die young . 
where , besides Davids Bridal , is a good place to get bridesmaid dresses ? 
Thank you for all the great birthday wishes ! 
Of her award winning fiancée , < PROPFIRST > Hodskins , for being an awesome graduate student . Way to go ! 
Who is sick today ? 
needs a challenge . I want to switch back to being a math < PROPMALE > . 
someone shoot me . I hate excel . 
Is the luckiest girl in the world . my future hubby is having < PROPFIRST > night with me . 
\There are a lot more bad words describing men than there are for describing women . \ " \ 
is giving blood . Who else is in ? 
Come on UNC . 
Day 6 in Couch-Half Marathon -- completed ! 
to skip class or not to skip class ... hmmmm . 
is moderately surprised to watch Duke struggle against Arizona . I was hoping for a UNC v Duke Final game . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Close , \ 
Why did you make such a great show ( Damages ) that just distracts my from my daily functioning ? Netflix Anonymous , anyone ? 
seriously ? 
is shopping ... for swimsuits , sandals , wedding stuff , and graduate schools . Short list , long process . 
< PROPFIRST > Garner movie marathon , anyone ? 
is once again sitting in class on a beautiful day listening to my teacher's class long soapbox . 
okay 8 < PROPFEMALE > paper .... I am going to dominate you in less than 4 hours ... 
3 weeks of school left . 
STRESS 
1 month until the big move ! 
cut . print . thats a wrap ... stupid 24 < PROPFEMALE > paper . 
communication factoid of the day : \Bad relationships are a byproduct of poor listening skills . \"" 
Daily factoid : never trust a skinny girl because she will cut you for a diet coke . 
wants to set up a team for October 15 Autism Walk in St. < PROPFIRST > . Any joiners ? 
migraine migraine go away , come again on a dark rainy day . 
Is giving away her blood . Happy cinco ! 
first day of summer break and I still got up 2 hours before I needed to . 
packing is difficult . 
Does anyone know tomorrow's PointFest schedule yet ? 
Game night was a super success . Way to go < PROPFEMALE > Schmidt and < PROPMALE > Hodskins 
Goodbye OFallon ! See you in August ! 
Is moved in and settled in her new apartment with her soon to be hubby . Now ... just packing for the beach with < PROPFEMALE > Hubbard and then for camp . 
Is feeling a morsel of homesickness . 
is wiped out . 
back to work for the week ! 
Week 2 of camp has fully started , and I have one amazing camper . This week is going to be fantastic ! 
relaxing on my day off . Nothing like movies and quiet . 
aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . 
has the Camp Royall stomach bug . :( 
I like that our judicial system is stringent enough to use evidence to convict or acquit someone without letting media involvement interfere . Its funny how news watchers seem to have the phantom ability to judge someone without examining the facts . Is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > innocent ? As a news watcher , I cannot say myself . 
OK . I seriously need to write my daily note . 
does anyone have a picture of the FUMC sanctuary ? 
Doobs = Dudes + Boobs . Dude Boobs . Doobs 
I learn something new every day . Yesterday , I learned that fiberglass does not dissolve in water . Today , I learned already that children who sleep late DO exist . 
< PROPFEMALE > in my mind . 
what do you do during a phone interview when you urgently need to use the restroom ? 
I love how my day changes from being exhausted and tired to happy and excited when I get a letter/email from a previous camper . 
SHOULDNT LEAVE HER FACEBOOK LOGGED ON SOMEONE ELSES COMPUTER !!! OR IT GETS HACKED BY < PROPFEMALE > Way ... LOVE YOU BOOPY ! 
hates growing up . 
Im on my way , Im on my way , on my way to Camp Royall ... 
second interview ... wish me luck ! 
Dear Secret Pal ... I love my gift . <3 
I'm going to drive and never ever slow down , I'm going to drive until I break down ... On the Tennessee Kentucky border moving home from < PROPMALE > ... 
Im Home !! 
Maybe I'll be a teacher when I grow up ... 
next time you see me , ask me about my school plans and graduate school plans before you ask me about my wedding plans . I am a bride for two more months , but I am forever and will always be a smart , knowledge seeking , enthusiastic student and professional . 
Dispatch concert = WIN 
Today is Thursday , Today is Thursday ( wooo ) happy happy happy happy Thursday . 
Is so lucky to have such awesome friends like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Hubbard , and < PROPFIRST > Roberson . 
what is your most favorite beverage ? 
Best weekend trip . I have some of the most wonderful friends . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Hubbard , Mary-Marie < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Roberson for giving me a wonderful bachelorete weekend . I love you all . 
I left my facebook open on my mom's computer ... oops 
Dr. OZ entertains me all the time . 
Does anyone know a good stylist for a wedding updo ? 
To firefighters and other first responders- What is the first thing that goes through your mind after your alarm sounds to alert you of an emergency situation ? What does your body do ? Do you experience nervousness ? Excitement ? Calmness ? 
holy cow . Getting married in 43 days . It used to be 543 days ... time flies ! 
AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH . I hate spiders . EEw . 
who wants to donate boxes for packing ? 
All settled into the new apartment ! 
One joy of working in an elementary school ... you get to sample the illnesses of the season before the rest of the world gets to . 
I miss camp . 
Do you get the flu shot ? 
2 days until Saturday . 15 days until the wedding . 52 days until Graduation . 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH ! 
I dont have the game to watch , so IM listenting to it . This is the time where cable would be good . 
Lets do this cards 
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh . This was the best game to ever listen to . WWWWWOOOOOOO . I need to find a tv with cable tomorrow . 
Good Morning Cardinals fans . Today is going to be a great day . 
11 days until 11-11-11 . 
Wedding week is here . Ladies and gentlemen , lets roll . 
Its go time . I just need to get un-sick . 
Wedding weekend is over but the marriage continues . Thank everyone for all the wedding wishes , gifts , and presence . We are so lucky to be surrounded by so many loving and wonderful adults and children . 
Its not a successful climb unless you enjoy the journey . ~ Reposting from < PROPFEMALE > Wilcox's wall . 
' s dad , < PROPFIRST > Loring , rocks ! 
whew . 
