passed her drug testtttttt FUCK YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 

I loveeeeeeeeeeee my friends !! 
yes to AMA , who's going ? 
throat hurts , have to work until 11pm again .... that's what happens when you work at a hotel :/ 
sorry if I am out of touch .... started a new job at the Omni front desk , and I work 3pm-11pm almost everyday ... 
going to work all day .... and night .... get off at 11 . Anything going on tonight ?? 
è così < PROPFEMALE > e nell'amore ... la < PROPFEMALE > è buona <3 
This just in : I have the best best friend in the galaxy <333 
wonders if the guys that tell me that what my boyfriend doesn't know won't hurt him or that I should call them when I'm done with him feel like douchebags when they run into him .... because they are . Haha . 
going to the zoo :D 
loves her job 
love love love love love 
who wants to make me a fake id ? haha 
is excited for bdubs ?? haha idk , I'm not very hungry and they raised wing prices ! 
is happy . Are you ? 
is like a soda can of emotions that someone thought would be funny to shake up 
who only has spicy jalapeno refried beans ? gross 
has the cutest boyfriend ever :D 
thinks it would be nice if any of her friends were in the area and could < PROPFEMALE > out .... 
is ... only slightly addicted to Sorority Life ... 
thinks you should send me SL invites .... because I am out for today ! 
is happy to see her friends again .... can't say the same for classes ! 
Augggghhhhhhhh classes in one hour !! 
what's that , cnu ? you want my first born child in exchange for a parking pass ? oh , but I won't actually be able to park anywhere ? sounds like a deal to me ! ( guess who is parking at teeter for the next year ) 
is gonna be living in the village oh yessssssssssssssssssss 
just moved into < PROPFEMALE > ! 
terribleness .... I am practically blind right now , so fml . 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
going ouutttttttttttttt hit up the phone 
needs some motivation 
pomegranate ! But still no homework motivation , ahhhhhh- tomorrow , for sure . 
damnit ..... by the time my strawberries are ready to harvest I will be asleep ..... :( 
study guide is fifteen pages ..... packed FULL of information .... trying , trying ... 
BAM done , I feel like I kicked a reasonable amount of physio exam ass 
lolllllll football is back in town ..... Steelers ! 
today is SOMETHING . Rarrrrrrrr . 
potentially sick , if the fever , shaking , and chills are any indication ( what , again ? joy of joys ) , people are terrible today ( stop shooting the messenger please ) , and 90's music . The best . Screw this decade . 
bored , bored , bored , bored , bored 
my heart is drenched in wine , but you'll be on my mind , forever 
?. if you are chilly , please take my sweater .? 
although I don't feel very well , I'm happy because my boyfriend is amazing :) 
is feeling more tan already ! 
is so , so happy . 
today is full of success and champagne 
is a sodium ion 
apparently since there is construction , it is just okay to disregard traffic laws 
wishes the weather would make up its mind 
laughing so hard it hurts 
Tomorrow !! Class , gym , study group , clsss , class , tan , find a job ? Ahhhhh , someone hire me ! 
off-the-vine pumpkin picking <3 
accidentally drove to north < PROPFEMALE > with her boyfriend yesterday ..... 
facebooks sucks today ...... def need to have more than two days off of school ! 
firing my laserrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr 
sitting here , surrounded by textbooks ..... I have been doing homework all break , so WHY do I still have so much left ? I want a naaaaaaaaaap . 
I can feeeeeel the espresso rushing through my veins 
has studied so long .... has taken SO many notes .... and made sooooo many lists , charts , and study guides ..... ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
is quitting life . Howwwww can you study for over twenty hours for something and still not feel good about it :/ 
is a gap between the myelin on a neuron's axonnnnnn 
hanging with Tram Pham from Vietnammmmmm 
muse is amazing . 
is about to kick some n64 < PROPFEMALE > ass 
according to howmanyofme.com, I am the only Tiphany Chipman in the worldddddd 
There's only one thing , to do , three words , for you <3 
can't wait to FINALLY pick pumpkins this weekend :) 
I wanna be the very best 
needs some motivationnnnnnnnn 
is so incredibly sore ..... at least that workout was effective 
my mind must be as sore as my body ... for I have legitimately forgotten how to find the area of a zcore whatttttttttttttt . Hittin the books ! 
carved pumpkins with my man :) finally ! pumpkins seeds tomorrow !! 
it starts tonightttttt 
farewell last college halloween ! you were awesome ! 
sweat pants tucked into boots = classy 
If I can't live independently , I'd rather be a water flea . 
Humans are cowards in the face of happiness . 
Should I take theatre 252 y/n ? Is it really time consuming and difficult ? 
registered ... for the last time . No more next semester . I know this is a good thing , but ..... also very sad . 
plaza tonight ! :) 
nekoconnnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
the fire marshal to me : nice furry handcuffs 
For once my finals are spread out ! Except for my stat finals , which seem to be following the current trend of the exams being on the same day ... someone , somewhere , is laughing at me . 
only ever wants live feed . WTF is this news feed option . 
HAH . That'll teach you guys to ever think that CNU actually cares about its students . I feel bad for those that have to drive , and even worse for those that have to walk ( like me ) . 
ps , CNU is finally canceled . 
slept all day . Awesome . I guess now I will get on that homework ... 
Ahh ! My power is dying ! But on the plus side my morning classes are canceled so I don't even have to skip it hahhhhhhhhhh 
Uh , so I hope I get some work done this weekend , since I accomplished absolutely NOTHING these last two days CNU has been canceled .... eeks . Concert tonight ( more of me doing nothing aha) ! 
how bout dem steelers 
working on mass amounts of paperwork for JET and lots of homework ..... I need a break ! 
will be surprised if she survives the week ... good thing she has an amazing boyfriend that brings her yummy food :) 
meteor shower with < PROPMALE > tonight :) 
No , I will not join your cause . Stop inviting me . Stop re-inviting me everytime I decline . If I didn't do it the first time , I'm probably not going to the fourth time either . 
Dear people that live above me : why are you always SO LOUD ? Especially when I am trying to sleep at night . If you were getting some then I could understand , but you're nooooooooooooot . 
What's with all these \hug a -insert type of person here- days ? \ " Stop inviting me . I don't want to hug you . " 
It's crazy how I can't wait for it to be over , but I never want it to end . Ah , college . 
watching < PROPMALE > play Fable while I do homework = jealousy 
My eyes hurt from rollin ' .... Just saw Twilight haha 
today : clean , finish senior sem paper , finish take home stat exam , study for other stat exam , work on senior sem study guide , make delicious food and cake , relax with < PROPMALE > :) 
hell week , ready , set , gooooo 
ugh .... just saw a commercial for Jersey Shore .... as an Italian I am offically offended ... 
So this chick is constantly applying makeup in class . Classy . 
facebook is deliberately sabotaging my attempts at homework 
? and you're my favourite thing , tell it everywhere I go , I don't know what to do , this heart's on fire ? 
is on straight energy .... and still can't focus . What I would do for some adderall .... well , actually I wouldn't do much for adderall but I could really use some right about now . 
Who is going to electrocute ?? 
first track meet of the season ! Go < PROPMALE > ! :) 
is seriously opposed to passive-agression 
Dear professors : If you give me an A I will seriously bake you the cake of your choosing . Or dinner . Or be your best friend . 
three red bulls deep ..... I can do thiiiiiiis ! 
a little bit of muse is what I need to make it through this day 
still remembers what an infarct and penumbra areeeeee 
pool with the bestie < PROPFEMALE > Boychuck 
obx with the besties for the weekend :) 
as much as the stars in the sky , i think of you 
and i love the way you call me baby 
I feel like I was in a fight haha 
saddleridge for < PROPFIRST>'s 21st ! 
pool , grilling , dancing ? YES :) 
damn she's a sexy bitch ... rvalution ! 
pool with < PROPFEMALE > Boychuck and < PROPFEMALE > Pruitt :) 
can't even believe the nerve of some people 
busch 
pools :) 
:) 
feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine :) 
pool with < PROPFEMALE > Pruitt , < PROPFIRST > LéRon ?, and < PROPFEMALE > Boychuck , then fireworks at Busch ! 
thanks to the weather , < PROPFEMALE > Pruitt and I need all new plans today :( thinking of doing a photoshoot , need extras , text us if you are interested ! 
oh cnu i miss you 
okay weather , are we going to play this game again ? 
getting ready for a good time with great people :) 
ohhhh last night 
i literally hate all of my clothes right now 
It's only 5 pm , but I am finally dressed and presentable haha 
. . . You take a pill , wonder if it will fix you , they wonder why sorrow has never left you . . . 
seriously , all we have in this house are various forms of pasta 
