moving on tuesday , not everything is packed yet , have to work tomorrow and then wednesday and thursday , wtf ? 

moving in the morning , still gotta pack my bedroom , now that everything is packed , I can't get it out of the house in the order I wanted , gotta work on wed , thur , and fri now too , how will I unpack once I move ? I need a vacation 
going to snake club meeting to ask questions , my pregnant snake has had no prelay shed , but has been in laybox for days 
No one should die because they can't afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
I own a PS3 !!!!!!!! 
working one to midnight , oh joy , then 11-9 tomorrow , someone shoot me 
sick as a dog and gotta work 11-9 I think I am going to call someone in , I can't work this sick , I am in food service 
On my way home from work , yay , I want my bed 
< PROPFEMALE > F&$%ing Christmas , I just had to put a restraining order on my mother in law for attacking me 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , and to all those who say christmas is about giving , apparently never had nothing to open on christmas 
I hate cancer , takes too many good people 
dude got out of work at three and got punched in the face on the way in the freaking buildin now not only can I not sleep but my face hurts I hope dunks is open 
\Enter Me in The Twilight Saga Giveaway from @TwilightFB ! \"" 
Blue and Pink with frogs 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR or ALL DAY !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!!! << 
Any Able Body in the Salem < PROPFEMALE > area , I need help , I am moving in the morning with police escort and everyone but my driver has bailed on me , no sitter , no movers , no nothing 
My mother in law stole from my three year old , his bedset is missing , his slippers are missing a < PROPFEMALE > chair that no one over five can fit into and his dvd player , also stole my memorabilia paraphanalia , my bowl , my grinder , my fabric softener for god fucking sake 
trying to recover from surgery on a broken ankle , oowwwiiiesss 
Still trying to recover from broken ankle , still can't put weight on it yet 
still recovering from breaking the ankle , returning to work on the fifteenth 
Cast comes off tomorrow , yay , it's gonna be weird having my ankle able to bend and actually wearing two shoes that match , not one of mine and one of < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFIRST > S Borden 
Cast came off , YAY , going to work right now 
Can't wait for my tattoo < PROPFEMALE > to come back into stock , I am itching to put my < PROPMALE > to skin for the world to see 
Getting broken up with because I cannot deal with a Catholic Family trying to sweep under the rug that incest is wrong , and finally put it out there to the world 
Love sux when your boyfriends family tries to break you guys up , but it's okay for his brother to fuck his cousin 
Got attacked on my way out of my father's house by a crazy lady , took my cane and expected mo not to kick her ass , she left in an ambulance and I get to go press assault and battery charges tomorrow morning 
on my way to work 5-m til 2 am how fun !!! 
my heart is breaking in two I mean nothing to the man that I love 
Rest In Peace , Kuba . I am not leaving my house tomorrow , the years pass but the pain does not , you would figure after six years this would get easier but the nightmares haven't stopped for a week and it takes all I have to grin and bear it for my child and job . 
work 11-5 then home to spend time to my wonderful little boy 
really wish that when I leave poeple alone after they make me be mean , two weeks later they wouldn't message me and antagonize me more , I thought you were too busy sleeping with your cousin and the rest of his male family to sit and cause drama with me 
still trying to figure out how one of the girls I know thought it would be a good idea to cheat on her boyfriend with a coworker , got herself pregnant and then he dumped her , where was her head at , she ruined a perfectly good relationship to be a single pregant woman 
did my first tattoo on my cousin last night , blacklight inks are crazy !!! 
on my way to work , i'm a slave to the chinese food restaurant , be there till six 
thank you all for the birthday wishes , it makes me happy that so many people actually pay enough attention to the fact that its my birthday and take the time to say something , just going to my sisters today , baby and man free and I go to my sisters , damn I am getting old and boring 
I can't believe that Charndra ( the cousin my brother in law has gotten pregnant ) has gone as far as to lie to < PROPFIRST>'s mother to get her to hate her son so that charndra doesn't havwe anyone to contend with for the attention of < PROPFEMALE > , hell , < PROPFEMALE > and I don't even speak to one another and I don't keep her son from her , that's just wrong man 
thinks taht people who lie to separate a mother and child to better their own situation should not be allowed to live or breed 
why do men think that spwnding time with their wife is waiting up to see if they are going to get laid ? 
sick as a dog going to work tomorrow anyways 
own my way to work fashionably late 
they\ 
say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never\ 
question their friendship . These types of friends pick up just like \ 
they spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far \ 
apart they live ... REPOST this if you are lucky enough to have a \ 
friendship like this .... 
puods ?? \ 
o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? ? ? sn ??? s ? no ? u ? s ??? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? \ 
? uo ?? u ???? s ?? d ???? n ??? ? s ?? spu ???? ?? u ? o ?? ?? s s ,?? l 
My mother in law wants me to forgive her for all the crap shes done but when my family and i needed a place to crash for the weekend , she asked if just I could find a place other than her empty house that even she isnt in to stay at , this woman was supposed to have taken college psychology and wonders why I cannot stand her for the life of me 
I love how people dodge the people they owe money to , but got the money for ipads and stuff 
dude I need people < PROPMALE > , my stepmother is trying to have me jumped at work 
I need feedback here , would you wake up screaming if your roommate lastnight asks you if you got a text yet and the text you wake up to this morning is that you need to pay them the one hundred twenty you owe them this week and in two weeks you will get the hundred that they owe you currently 
surgery on my hand is scheduled for september 16th , it's not a cyst , but my doctor hasn't seen this in the hand before it's tissue buildup and now we have to figure out how it happened so that it doesn't happen again in the future 
surgery is scheduled for semptember 16th , the doctor doesn't know how the hard tissue formed in my hand either , so it may happen again , yay ! 
off to work again my next day off is friday , my last day off was friday , oh joy ! 
got drunk lastnight and fell asleep about four am now in work till six or so yay 
Really wish I got the same respect from my coworkers that I give , if your constantly late and I ask you what the fuck , don't ignore me or I will not do anything for you or work with you if your supposed to be there at five and you aren't going to be in until 5:30 every shift then change your schedule or quit . really now ... 
... it's getting ridiculous , I have a child I would like to see at some \ 
point and time , I dont need to be sitting in work when you are supposed \ 
to be there and I am supposed to be getting home to my child , I try to \ 
be nice I try to respect and care for everyone I work with , why should I\ 
care about or respect someone that will not feel or do the same way or \ 
thing ? 
September ninth cannot come soon enough man I need the break from dragon inn , it's not even the customers or the job either , it's just if your scheduled at five and your gonna be in at five-thirty , aren't you supposed to call if your gonna be more than fifteen minutes late ? Meanwhile when I walk in ten minutes late I get told by coworkers , oh yay , now I can leave , wtf ? 
Got three hours of sleep my babysitter never woke up on my way back to work after leaving there at two am today then going food shopping , my next day off is thursday when my hand surgery is scheduled , I guess the only thing I have to look forward to is legal drugs 
going in for surgery at one gotta be there at eleven thirty bus is at ten forty , i dont wanna go !!! 
waiting for ncis hurry up eight oclock 
going to qork tonight because noone else will still have stitches in my hand 
Stitches came out today !!!!! 
I was severely disappointed at the turnout of the Slipknot live at Download showing on Sunday , a total of like 30 people showed , I thought there were many more fans than that , what is wrong with people !!! 
had a funeral to be at but my babysitter decided he had better shit to do that was more important and I'm not gonna bring a three year old to a funeral , so now I can't go say goodbye 
yay , the chinese people can't torment me for ten to twelve days !!!! I can't believe I consider working someplace else a vacation from work , lol ... 
home from working the fair gotta get up and put in another 12-14 hours tomorrow , yay 
rainig till friday , oh I wish I was part fish then maybe this crap wouldn't bug me 
finally meds and sleep , then back to the fair at 8 am to do it all again 
1 of every 10people are born gay . That means 1 of every 10 people are instantlyputdown , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority , & so muchmore - all for something they didn't ask for . Many gay teens are goingto commit suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them lifewill get better & you respect them for who they are , copy & paste this . Most of you won't but let's see the 5% who will 
today was the last day of the fair , just gotta go back to tomorrow to get paid , then back to < PROPFIRST > so i can go back to my real job for wednesday night to close 
If you think a textbook is a really long text message , you might be a redneck 
my boss wants me in tomorrow morning instead of tomorrow night , I finally get home after ten days tonight , hells no man I wanna spend some time with my kid and the shiftis already covered I'm not gonna call the other girl and tell her I'm taking hours away , not my job , I'm not manager , I'm not gonna do management jobs and not get management pay 
got harassed in dunks cause my sons of anarchy hoodie has a massachusetts rocker on it , they were selling them at the fair , they're about to be everywhere wtf 
got a place , moving into a one bedroom on the first !!! \ 
we'll upgrade to a 2 when it's affordable 
Yay , family dollar's generic tylenol plus cold is not made by or affiliated with tylenol , I can give my son cold meds and his tylenol , so happy !!! 
man went to the mall without me cause I planned on doing other shit today and he planned on going to the mall halfway to our destination 
gotta go catch a cab home , been there once already but was locked out with no phone , yay , what a perfect end to the day after working till two am and getting a free ride home then ! 
love the new place now I need help man , I have no shelves no place to put stuff and I need lamps anyone have any lamps of shelves they can spare ? 
got home from work like 45 minutes ago and still can't sleep , HAPPY HALLOWEEN !!! Found < PROPMALE > a stitch costume , yay !!! 
just got outta work now gotta get myself to sleep to do it all again tomorrow , love working nights , now I can give my son more attention ! YAY ! 
going to work soon till midnight again at least its not the weekend then i'd be there till two 
Going to do karaoke tomorrow night at the lido who wants to come watch me make a drunken fool of myself ??!! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all and good luck to all going black friday shopping I got a cast and I'm not afraid to kick you in the < PROPFEMALE > , don't care how old you are , lol 
skipped out on work today , spending the whole day with my son on his birthday , he turned 4 today !!! 
getting ready for < PROPMALE>' party at two 
just woke up , thank you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > for the day of sleep , but please next time leave the phone please I slept so good I'm probably gonna be late for work 
I don't need an angel on my Christmas tree , I already have one in heaven looking down on me . Put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you wish could be with you this christmas . 
A\ 
normal person has 1,000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come \ 
homesafe . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but the 3% \ 
thatdo are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , \ 
or who is fighting for your freedom , please post 
so tell me how the girl who was supposed to be covering my shift called me in while it was dead so I told her to cash out and screw and finished the shift myself 
need a new job for christmas or the morgue is getting a large gift this year , a surplus of chinese 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . He put his arms around you and whispered ' come with me ' . With tearful eyes we watched & saw you pass away . Although we loved you dearly we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us he only takes the best . Put this as your status if there's someone in heaven you will miss this Christmas 
< PROPFEMALE > Xmas to all time to go home and then go to work till two am , oh yay !!! 
is made to feel like crap for nonstop working and the inability to spend time with the people I care about 
working tonight we close at three am but I'll probably be lucky to get out by four with cashout and stuff 
getting all prettied up then off to work till two am yay !!! 
bored out of my skull and can't sleep is it wrong to tattoo someone else while they are sleeping when its a tattoo they want ? 
BREAKING NEWS : Practice at Jets Stadium was delayed 2 hours yesterday after a player found a white powdery substance on the ground . Police and Homeland Security investigated . Experts determined that the white substance , unfamiliar to most of the players , was in fact the goal line . Practice will resume since the team was unlikely to encounter the substance again . All < PROPFIRST>'s fans please post !! 
my man is being stupid , he wants to blast music and clean the house , and I wanna feed our son lunch , get ready for work and spend the last hour I got until I work until midnight , he told me I had to leave the house and I am not even showered yet , and he thinks he's getting laid , might be nice if you spent some time with me doing something I wanna do for once or it's not happenning 
said no to working yesterday for nothing , figured we were gonna have a guest that I needed to spend time with cause I blew him off for work last time he was here and lost out on a eight hour workshift this time for nothing 
wtf gotta go back to work because people are angry and leaving I just left there an hour ago , got brand new video games still in the package and now have to go to work till two am I hate people !!!!! 
lost my voice !!!! can't work answering phones without a voice , that and my sitter gets home in an hour , yay !!! my life sux 
I AM ASKING IF EVERYONE COULD PLEASE PUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS FOR ONE HOUR IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU LOVE HAS DIABETES . I KNOW MY FAMILY WILL , MY PRAYER IS THAT IN 2011 A CURE WILL BE FOUND . WILL YOU POST IT ? JUST FOR ONE HOUR . DO IT FOR ALL OF US IN MEMORY OF TOO MANY TO MENTION AND IN HONOR OF ALL FIGHTING IT ! I HOPE TO SEE THIS ON ALL STATUSES TODAY 
Asking if everyone could please put this as your status for one hour if you or someone you love has or had cancer . Our prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for just one hour ? 
did you know that i do nothing ? I didn't . 
does not want to go to work just left home in the middle of the fight because i am already late trying not to cry so bad gotta work like this till midnight then go home and resolve the issue 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this ... I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
wish I had a car gotta return the new shower head cause it sux and get a new one but the next bus isn't for an hour 
getting ready for work don't really wanna go have more important family issues on my mind 
unwillingly awake got home from work like half an hour ago 
ok let me get this straight ... Kelsey Grammer can end a 15 yr marriage by phone , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > can be on divorce #9 , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods , while married , were having sex with EVERYONE , 53% of Americans get divorced and 30-60% cheat on their spouses . Yet , same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Really ? Re-post if you find this ironic . 
closing tonight opening tomorrow but at least im not sick anymore !! 
gonna have to tattoo myself soon wanna go to Inked 2k11 
going to work that I forgot I had to work this morning , switched shifts with someone over a week ago , I need reminders people !!!!!!! 
my fuckin brothers car just got stolen from outside my house cause police said they haven't towed it !!! WTF !!!!! 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car . A zombie has only one wish , to devour your delicious flesh . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% left of humanity still uninfected . In honor of someone who has died , or been reanimated , or has had their sumptuous brain consumed by a zombie , post this for at least one hour 
tried to go to bed at two but the boy woke up i think he has fallen back to sleep now but since he came out of his room only ten minutes ago Im afraid to check , I WANNA GO TO SLEEP WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH !!! 
watchin wrestlemania with the hubby 
YAY ! UNDERTAKER IS 19-0 ON WRESTLMANIA 27 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
CEN A GOT HOSED THE REF WAS Knocked OUT HE HAD IT !!!! 
going to work yay ! lol jk 
it's pretty sad , I just found the bike < PROPFIRST > lent his brother two years ago , on facebook under the person his brother claims he did not give it to !!! How messed up is that you spend four hundred dollars on a bike and your brother gives it away 
