After Seeing Avatar , I'm depressed that I'm human :-P 

When you think you've move past one thing ... something else comes and slaps you in the face ... 
Aussie-land is AMAZING !!!!!!!! 
Coming Home ... 24 hours of fligh t-t ime , here I come ! :-P 
I\M HOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " 
I just pulled an amazing prank on kirsten .............. ( high five < PROPFIRST > ) 
wants to move to Australia after College 
Just got back from fishing in Kenai 
hates hating people 
I finished the Second Movement of my Symphony !!!! :-D 
Whew ... OK .. officially finished with the third movement ... one more to go !!! 
Whew ... OK .. officially finished with the third movement ... one more to go !!! Official Status report . 1st mvt : 7 mins 31 seconds 2nd mvt : 4 mins 46 secs 3rd mvt : 5 mins 38 seconds 4th mvt : YET TO BE DETIRMINED !!!!! 
Im Changin it to 5 mvts :P 
I have have finished the 4th mvt . one more . and it will be done :-O 
Seating auditions couldve gone better 
Seating auditions couldve gone better the aticipation is killing me ... 
A friend is a person with whom you can be sincere , to whom you never need to defend yourself , on whom you can depend whether present or absent , with whom you never need pretend , to whom you can reveal yourself without fear of betrayal , who does not feel they own you because you are her friend , who will not selfishly use you because she has your confidence . I have yet to meet such a friend . 
Those who persist to cause you pain know nothing of it , care nothing of it , and deserve nothing but it . 
Some people just perplex me ... 
MTNA on Sunday ! gotta practice ... 
SECOND IN MTNA !!!!!!!!! :D 
Holy crap just watched the most heart-renching episode of fringe iv'e ever seen it made me cry ... 
has decided he is the ... MASTER OF SHORT TERM MEMORY !!!!!!!!! 
NO RESULTS FOR A WEEK !!!!!! D-: 
updating my fb status ... from ... my ... new ... LAPTOP !!!!!!!!! 
Misses his buds from english and history :-( 
Why must I do this ? I Ain't a Damn Poet !!!!!!!! 
My wish is that people will understand that children with disabilities do not have a disease ; children with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ...... 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does ........... and make this your status for at least an hour 
I xeroxed my curls :-) 
. 
wants to crawl into a hole , curl up , and sleep for 2 1/2 years 
Never . Ever . Attempt to fix a broken razor . Your fingers will suffer . 
just read his little brothers a story in the accents of : Movie Announcer , < PROPFIRST > Mouse , Robot , Senile Aunt , Heavy Metal Growl , < PROPFEMALE > , Austria , Germany ( angry nazi ) , Russia , Australia , < PROPFEMALE > , Italy , etc . After which the littlest one , Griffin ( age 5 ) , proceeded to wet his pants from laughing so hard . I feel like a good Big Brother . 
Wishes the world would disappear and leave him alone so he could concentrate on the important things . 
really wants a snow day tomorrow 
I wonder if < PROPFEMALE > ever wondered if the reason we are at the bottom of the list when it comes to education , is that it is naive and moronic to hold all students to the same standard , or at least to expect them to accomplish it the same way . Every individual has their own unique way of learning , and it should be the duty of the schools to help utilize that ( cont . 2nd status ) 
method instead of force-feeding them information faster than they can swallow it . Making students conform to the teacher is NOT productive , the school should embrace all types of learning . The ideology that A-B students are where they are because they are the only ones who try , is educational Darwinism . ( cont 3rd status ) 
That is prejudice . Last I checked , < PROPFEMALE > believed \all men are created equal\ " . So are all students . Just in different ways . That should be recognized . " 
My computer has a handlebar mustache ... 
found my cello ! housecleaners put it in garage ... 
iceing my arm ... so much playing :-P ... and a sharp pain in the crook of my forearm while practicing . thought it might be a good idea to stop :-P 
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour . 
just had the coffee from the bottom of the pot .. Fun fact : when they say it's strong ..... they aint kidding . 
FINALE 2010 IS HERE !!!! Finally i can get back to work ... 
Why do all the things i love start with \C\ " ?... Coffee ... Costco ... Cello ... the list goes on . " 
Men don't faint , they have unintentional decisive naps . 
just had a test on an book he read not one < PROPFEMALE > of . hmmm ... we will see how he does 
One thing worse than falling victim to insensitivity , is being an irrefutable practitioner of severe sensitivity . Insensitive people cause harm to others ; sensitive people cause harm to themselves . Nothing hurts like being your own worst enemy . 
All in favor of disbanding < PROPMALE>'s and brownsberger's projects post \I \"" 
You know you've been forced to babysit WAY too many times when you start enjoying kid's shows . I am captivated by < PROPFIRST > Neutron . 
How many of you really know all of the people on your friend list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , at how interesting this can really be ... 
Does an effective educational system make you lose the will to learn ? 
MY BUTTOXX IS CONVEX !!!!!!!!!! 
I can tie a bow-tie 
liquid nitrogen stings ... 
the estation tube in my right ear isnt working 
just saw an epic battle between a magpye and a squirrell 
is getting a new endpin 
just improvized the cello part to eine kleine and pirates of the carribean in banana republic 
was so fed up at the length of his english final by the last question :\ 
Q : What was one thing you learned about your poet during your poetry project ? What type of poetry did they write ? What did this reflect about them ? \ 
\ 
A : I learned that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Poe was depressed . He wrote depressing poems . It showed he was depressed . 
When in doubt ... C4 . \ 
lol i love mythbusters 
I saw the series finale of LOST . I have witnessed the most fulfilling television event of all time . 
had a casual chat with his brother while riding his bike to city market .... about chord modulation and secondary dominance . ( you know you're a music nerd when ... ) 
Just went on a bike ride with A LOT of up-hills . On the plus side , I'm fairly certain i had a consistently negative G-force on the way back ... 
my dad just casually walked into my room ... with a fretless bass !!!!! 
got a haircut . and no , i do not look like < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
I want to move to Canada . They have nice people there . And intelligent ones . Two things the majority of this country seems to be lacking . 
I was unaware that I don't get to have my phone at interlochen 
My wallet's been stolen . 
And so i enter 6 weeks of silence 
Sorry to burst your bubble AYS people , but Interlochen beats < PROPFEMALE > . By a lot . 
Does anyone have the WYSO recordings ? I would love to have them 
Does anybody have any classes with me ? \ 
1 Algebra II- Slattery\ 
2 Criminology- Kress\ 
3 Alaska Studies- Brownsberger\ 
4 Concert Orchestra- David\ 
5 American Sign Language- Parker\ 
6 English 11- < PROPMALE > 
R . I . P < PROPMALE > Hanson- One of the greatest Grandfathers of the world 
Off to Portland I go 
mmmmmmmmmm ... Six Layered Cake 
Two funerals , in a span of three days , both for loved ones , is not an easy thing ... R.I.P Grandad and Auntie < PROPFEMALE > . 
I hate going through airport security . As a result of that , I am PRO at doing so . 
Back home 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone ! 
Zuill < PROPFEMALE > concert tonight with ALL 6 BACH CELLO SUITES IN ONE SITTING 
Just got hit by a car . I'm fine by the way 
I think I've angered fate 
MY HAIR IS STATRING TO CURL AROUND AGAIN !!!!!!!!!! 
It's pretty nerve-racking using a $ 2,500 bow that is NOT YOURS :-P 
MTNA today . Wish me luck ! 
YAY I WON YAY :-D !!!!!!!!!!! 
I'M IN ALL NORTHWEST :-D !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
gonna see < PROPMALE > potter in the imax 
Anyone else going to go see the Nutcracker ? 
Staying up all night writing that piece for Brownsberger's Fish Project :-P 
Performing nerves i can handle . WHY CANT MY LEGS STAND STILL WHEN IM TRYING TO SHOOT SOMETHING ??!!!!!!!!??!?!?!? 
HAIRCUT 
CLUSTER WARHEAD BAZOOKA !!!!!!!!! 
Me = TIRED 
Sportsman's Warehouse = a Man's dream store 
Gotta say , that was the creepiest episode of Fringe I have seen yet ... 
New/old repaired cello = BAMF 
My Finals : Math- 90%\ 
Criminology- 84%\ 
AK Studies- 93%\ 
Orchestra- 96%\ 
Sign Language- 101%\ 
English- 92%\ 
.... That's right 
FOR THOSE OF YOU WITH GAS STOVES : Safety Tip #1 - When turning on the gas stove , make sure the gas achieves IGNITION . Do not be that person who finds out 15 seconds later that the gas didn't ignite .... by the gas igniting :-P 
Boiling hot duck grease on bare skin = Paaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnn ..... 
47 inches of High Definition < PROPFEMALE > ... sitting in my living room . 
Halo Reach : Probably the most touching game I've ever played 
Nostalgia attack . Played Halo 1 for the first time in ages 
AYS Concerto Competition today , Wish me luck ! 
Perhaps Boise airport could explain to me what warrants a FULL BODY X-RAY for EVERYONE that walks through . And since when does Zipper pull = pat-down ?? 
Left Boise at 3:00 AM Anchorage time- Sunday . Arrived in Anchorage at 12:35 AM Ancorage time-Monday . Screw you Juneau for making me 10 hours late 
I have 2 tickets to the sitka music festival with some great cellist . One of them is used up by me , but if anyone wants to go , just message me , thanks ! 
Elgar cello concerto = BAMF 
I feel like there is a small rodent in my chest . And it is pissed off . 
This is gross , but I'll try to phase it in a less grousome way . The rodent has jumped ship , but he plundered my chest in the process , and recent stomach recruits have abandoned ship . 
watched like all of the < PROPMALE > potter movies over the past three days 
Taste buds , please come back . This ham is not delicious without you :-( 
Tchaikovsky , I hate you with the blinding white-hot passion of a thousand burning suns . 
AYS quartet members , we must rehearse ! 
Sightreading bach suites is HARD 
Discovered his greatest pet peeve ... PEOPLE EATING MY FOOD 
8 hours till my iphone 4 O_o 
Even if I must boil the water in a pot , suspend the strainer from the edge of the cup with toothpicks , and settle for 2% milk instead of half&half , I shall have my tea ! O_o 
I GOT ACCEPTED TO THE NATIONAL SYMPHONY ORCHESTRA SUMMER MUSIC INSTITUTE !!!!!!!!!!!! :-D 
