Looking forward to everything in the new year . 

Can't wait for what comes in 2010 . For now I ; ll ring in the new year with the twilight zone marathon and reflect on the past and the future . 
One more week to go before I'm sixteen !!!! 
Enjoying watching Pride and Prejudice ( 2005 ) 
oi . 117 parts and counting . This is going to take forever to download . 
Working on homework . 
homework ... and lunging my horse . Plus getting ready to launch some vids onto youtube . 
Poetry .... beautiful .... soulful .... easy to understand ... yet hard to answer questions on it . 
vid project . Chatting with buds . Wondering how my neighbor is doing . 
Yes !!! Officially almost got the vid done for the talent show . Now tommorrow just need to add some textures , text , render , and it's done . 
OMGosh . EEEEEE !!! I have had this song stuck in my head for about several months and have been singing it non stop . I have had no idea what it is called . Finally I found it by accident on youtube . Now I have the lyrics . 
About an hour or so until the talent show . I am so nervous to see how my video entry turns out . I hope people like it . 
talent show went well . I had so much fun and there was so much talent to see . 
Hanging out after crashing at a friends house . Totally wrecked my arm just in time for arena lunge work . :-/ 
Went to see < PROPMALE > and had fun . My arm ended up survivng and I got to ride Lady , another horse at the stable , before getting my friend to ride her . I had a blast . 
okay totally awesome editor 3173master . Check their stuff out . Especially Remeber the good and bad times . http://www.youtube.com/user/3173master#p/a/u/0/5FXzIO4BxSA 
Setting up the fish tank . Now I can have my shubunkins , mollies , plecos , and my favorites red < PROPFEMALE > barbs and black phantom tetras back inside(they are my pond fish ) . Poor things have been stuck in a storage container in the house because of it being cold . 
Just got beat up and thrown to the ground several times . Totally sore . Thanks all my guy and girl cousins(I did get them on the ground a few times though ) . Thank goodness it was in a trampoline jumper thing that we tackled eachother . I think we all walked away with some bruises . 
Yum . Thai Spring Onion Rice Noodles and Tomatoes for dinner . Not your conventional Thanksgiving dinner . 
Kickin ' back , ready to eat breakfast . It feels nice being back home . 
Anberlin- Unwinding Cable Car . Awesome song and playing on air1 right now . 
smiling down by pillar . Just what I needed . 
eating lunch . Just tried making my own asian seasoning sauce since I can't have most chinese sauces anymore . Gluten free soy sauce , < PROPFEMALE > root , and crushed sesame seeds on top of gluten free noodles . 1st test run and not too bad . Although the noodles need on to two minutes more and maybe slightly less soy sauce . 
Last episode of Monk ... EVER . Tonight is the first episode and the next part next week . 
Almost finished with another video . I'll put it on here first since I am still working on the final touches . 
Just got back . Had such an awesome time at the show . 
Seabird's song Don't You Know That You're Beautiful is awesome . Been listening to it all week on air1 and on youtube . Already a big fan . 
Working on British Lit . and reading the newest Time magazine inbetween breaks . 
After what I read in a PC magazine . It makes me take a second look at facebook apps . 
tired of being sick and having a sore throat . 
Max(my horse ) recovered well from being gelded . Poor guy :( Thankfully the procedure was 10 minutes and the falling asleep/waking part took longer . He's recovering well . 
Excited for the high school christmas party . 
Had an awesome time at the Christmas party . Can't wait for next year's . 
Waiting for a finally finished month long video project to finally upload on YT . 8 more hours till upload . 
I am so happy . My video is finally on Youtube . I hope this gets me into a studio(editing group ) . 
Annoyed because of a creative block and can't find my mp3 player's USB charging cord . 
Listening to music . Like always . Plus working on my new project . 
Relaxing . Enjoying everything . 
Spent a day at the movie theatre . Avatar was awesome and I would totally see it again . 
sitting with a splint on and eating animals . I'm blessed I didn't lose my finger today and it only was severly displaced in two places and fractured in another . Seriously it was all twisted and all the ER techs were suprised at how it looked like it was all zig zagged . 
Having fun trying to wrap presents one handed and looking at my beautiful still mangled finger . A charming picture .... NOT . ( sorry .. sarcasm makes me feel better ) 
1 day till Christmas and 16 days before I'm sixteen . WOOT !!!!! 
praying to God to help with several tough decisions . 
I need prayer warriors . Please friends and family pray for God to give me guidance . You always hear that voice inside you until you have to make a big decision . 
Just got back . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas all !!! 
This season I am most grateful for all my family , friends , and just living . Every year is precious and I am so glad I spend it with everyone . So < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
I just got a violin !!! I can't believe it !!! 
The smell of cofee in the air , the taste of waffles ,..... and the sound of The Classic Crime . 
Excited to see Sherlock Holmes tommorrow . 
You never truly know a person . Even a friend can be danger itself in disguise . 
HAPPY NEW YEARS !!!!!!!!!!!!! This is the year of great blessings and opportunity for all . Praying God's peace is with you all this night and throughout 2011 . 
Had an amazing night at Club 1 . Met alot of nice people and got to < PROPFEMALE > out with some friends . If you didn't go this time , you definetly should in 2011 . 
All day House Marathon today :] 
It's amazing how one video can spark common interests , inspire others , and create a friendship . 
Thank you everyone . Your comments and everything has made my B-Day truly a special one . 
Watching the sixth < PROPFEMALE > Trek movie . 
A man singing Cascada's Everytime We Touch is just DISTURBING !!!!!! The things you see and hear on American Idol O.O 
Finally got the splint off today and picked up a new cd in the mall . TFK's new album is awesome . 
Man weeks later and I still can't get over how good Avatar was . Especially in IMAX 3D . I must of felt how people did when they first saw The Wizard of Oz and marveled at the vibrant colors of film . That's how I felt of both the 3D and landscape . 
Rain :( Don't get me wrong I do honestly love it but not when it gets like a storm . 
Bully Beatdown is now up there on my favorite show list . 
My neighbor is cutting down every tree and living thing in their yard . In place of 40 year old trees there will be a giant cement slab !!!!!!!! Her reason : SHE DOESN'T LIKE THE LEAVES FALLING ON THE GROUND !!!! They only fall once a year lady . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments 
So excited for Revelations Music Festival even though it is a month away . I am totally going . Superchick and TFK !!! revelationsmusicfestival.com 
Yard work . YAY !!!.. NOT 
< PROPMALE > brings a special satisfaction along with a certain frustration . 
Celebrating I am alive and well . ( Minus a hurt neck ) 
Just got the pics of the wreck and I may/may not have a concussion . We won't know till Monday . Please pray . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day Everyone !!!!! An Chéad Bhliain na hÉireann 
Everything went well in surgery and mom will be coming home tommorrow . 
1 week left of school !!!!!!!!! Sort of ......... 
Yes !!!! My account is back . 
Does anyone know who < PROPFEMALE > Nalada is ? 
Need to run to like 10 places before prom . 
had an awesome time at the prom last night . 
I am so stir crazy and bored from lack of ideas that I am driving myself mad with techno music :) 
Took 3 months to get a 30 second video outro completed and finally sent to the person hosting the project . Procrastination anyone ? 
watching Invictus with the family . 
< PROPMALE > had his teeth pulled today . Thankfully they put him out for it . 
Just got back from bringing < PROPMALE > to his new home . Now he's about a minute walk from my house . 
I am playing pac man on google . Sweet !!!!!! 
I love it when people don't believe you tried at all ; when in reality you knock yourself out working on something just to hear that . Oh well . I guess that's how the world goes . 
I just found out probably the best news of my life so far . I'm still in shock . 
my mouse broke :( so now I manually have to get the cursor to move . 
Just found an old mouse in the back of our shed . It's pre 1999 and better than nothing . Needless to say I'm getting a new mouse asap . 
So weird . I went over around 7/8 p.m. today to check on < PROPMALE > and he was acting funny and almost walking around in circles . About two hours later there was an earthquake . 
I just found out my video didn't make it in the contest :( There's always next year though :) I'll just start preparing for next July . 
Who knew my first client ever would be my dad ! 
No editing for several days :( 
So happy someone finally uploaded all the cutscenes of FF13 . Now I don't have to wait until I have enough dough for a ps3 . 
Yesterday my little cousin kept saying something about eating something with carrots and this morning we found my < PROPFEMALE>'s lipstick with a huge bite out of it . LOL 
4 mile hike at Malibu Creek State Park . It was awe-inspiring . 
Can't wait to head home and be back in my own bed and working on my computer . 
Just got back home . Now to figure out how to catch up on everything this week . 
omg . I found out last night that my external hard drive has something wrong with it . Now I can't get any of my files off of it and it says it needs to be formatted . Meaning it will erase every file on that thing if I do . It's funny because it shows every file on there but says it . 
Thanks to a friend I am going to be able to get most of my files back . Problem is some are just too corrupted . Good thing is none of them are the really important files . Please keep praying though . The most important folder is still giving me problems . 
Just got back from picking up my glasses . I didn't realize how much things were blurred before . No wonder my writing's been horrible . LOL 
Does anyone have a data disk or external hard drive of somesort that's 200 gb and if so could I borrow it for about 15 minutes this weekend . I need to recover some files but need something to put them on in between transferring them . 
Getting ready to go see the fireworks at Pechanga . 
Going to the vet in a little bit . My cat came in today with a big gash on her neck . :( 
The TV show House has be restored to us and thus the universe is back in order . LOL 
\i've been thinking of words that begin with the letter ' m ' \ " \ 
Going to a grand opening @ 12 
My poor cat is stuck wearing a cone and it's really hilarious . 
Time magazine just put out an article demolishing the old myth that only children are supposed to grow up selfish , lonely , and spoiled . Finally !!!!!!!!!!! 
In exactly two minutes the season premiere of Psych will be on !!!!! I can't wait !!!!!!!! 
Got up at 6:30 and rushed over to find out today was the day I couldn't work with < PROPMALE > due to renovations :( 
Wishing to be at the beach in La Jolla . 
Balboa Island today :) good bye heat hello ocean ! 
Just saw Day and Knight . Very well written and entertaining . I forgot when was the last time I have laughed so hard in a movie theater . Go see it !!! 
I need to switch internet providers . Any suggestions ? 
Back Online ^_^ 
Missing One Manga * sniff * 
Just finished my first lineart in CS4 ^^ 
Lost my internet connection until the 23th of August . So Ciao until then unless I get to the library in the mean time . 
Officially am back online with internet connection . Thank you mediacom . 
Waking up early Cost : 4 hours sleep\ 
MP3 Player Cost : $20\ 
Old Blanket Cost : $40\ 
Watching the sunrise while listening to Globus , Within Temptation , and Anberlin : Priceless 
Helped my boy , < PROPMALE > , defeat the horse eating plastic bag monster today . 2 year old horses can be so funny . 
Roadtrip today :] 
Friday night @ the senior apartments in simi . Woot ! A great way to kick off labor day weekend XD 
Trust in the LORD with all your heart and < PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding ; in all your ways acknowledge him , and he will make your paths straight . ~ Proverbs 3:5 -6 
Laugh , love , live free and sing . When life is in discord . Praise ye the Lord 
Had a great day ! And I get to end it with some good ol ' Calhoun Texas Barbecue ribs^^ 
Heading to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
Enjoying < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . It's freezing right now . 
Finally ! Home sweet home * collapses * g'night everybody . I'll talk 2morrow when I am not so exhausted and pumped full of mountain dew . 
If we make a choice and be the voice\ 
For those who won't speak up for themselves\ 
How many lives would be saved , changed , rearranged ? 
My little sis ' birthday is today . Can't believe she's already 9 !!!!!!!! 
Spread wide in the arms of Christ there's a love that covers sin 
Ive seen miracles just happen\ 
Silent prayers get answered\ 
Broken hearts become brand new\ 
Thats what faith can do 
\Ask and it will be given to you ; seek and you will find ; knock and the door will be opened to you . \ " Matthew 7:7 " 
“Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful , committed citizens can change the world ; indeed , it's the only thing that ever has . ” 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jRtN0MMJYzw 
For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son , that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life . For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world , but to save the world through him . \ 
< PROPFIRST > 3:16 -17 
Just got back from Darnice Calhoun's b-day party . Happy B-day girl !!! Love ya <3 
A message to the person(s ) who keeps trying to hack my account ( and horribly might I say , seriously ? an xp ? really outdated ) If you ever dare try to hack me again I will have the cops on your tail faster than you can say hello . Don't take this threat lightly and think next time before you pick on an ex-P . I . ' s kid . 
had an insane day .... rainstorms , lightning , a guy randomly coming up to us in a parking lot and suction cupping our car ... yep good times . 
Just finished setting up skype , when I find my headset I'll put up my skype username so we all can talk . 
Wondering what happened to my mic and trying to track down some of my pc magazines that are missing . 
Ends up my concert plans fell through for my favorite band . Completely bummed .... now one more thing to add once again to my bucket list . Maybe next time instead of hollywood , I'll catch Anberlin while they tour in Japan^^ 
If it weren't for you\ 
That there would be no grace\ 
That's covered my life\ 
You took the time\ 
To speak into my mind\ 
And my heart\ 
Words of life 
How can you explain with words what you already know ... when it is a feeling that no true words can describe ? Yet it could resolve everything ? 
Copy this to your status if you're brave and see what people rate you . ( 1)ghetto ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) ugly ... ( 5 ) lovable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) i want you ( 8 ) spoiled ( 9 ) trustworthy ( 10 ) wild(11 ) funny ( 12 ) beautiful ( 13 ) mature ( 14 ) athletic(15 ) wish i had your number 
Had a blast tonight @ choir . 
This is I LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , \ 
wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , \ 
cheered youon and kept you strong , copy and paste this into your \ 
status . Sistersare a promise that we will have a friend forever ! 
Hey , if anyone knows of some really good Adobe After Effects tutorials , literature or even know how to use this program please message me . 
Hanging out with my homies Catie , < PROPFEMALE > , and Dorean :) 
Happy B-Day Pop Pop . Miss you <3 
3 1/2 more hours to go before the party :) 
Miss you Uncle < PROPMALE > 
Psyched for the Anberlin concert tonight :) 
Just got back from the concert . It was so awesome O.O \ 
My life is complete now LOL . They played two of my favorite songs and I was 2 people away from < PROPFIRST > Christian when he jumped into the crowd . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and Darnice for coming and for catching me when I was slammed by a person from the moshpit lol . 
Got to see some of my family tonight when they visited . Love you < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and little < PROPFIRST > jr <3 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11TXiPXCHkA 
Finally dawned on me and a friend what it truly means to guard your heart . Thank you Jesus !!! :) 
Happy Thanksgiving Everbody !!! Have fun celebrating and here's to another year of family , friends , health , faith and life . ^_^ 
Found out today I am going ot get my wisdom teeth pulled this Thursday ... fun :/ 
My poor < PROPFEMALE > came inside today and is huddled up in a chair . I think she might be sick :( 
1Samuel 2:1 -10 
Going today to see if my jaw is infected from my wisdom tooth surgery . Please pray . 
Exhausted from putting up lights all along the driveway fence , but it looks great !!! ^^ 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but\ 
my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or\ 
is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status 
Just got home from an adventure filled day including hanging out at the mall and watching Tron and Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Treader with < PROPFEMALE > Jones , < PROPFEMALE > Callaghan , and dad . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ^^ I hope you all have a great time with family and friends . 
My biggest Christmas and Birthday wish just came true ^^ God is so awesome !!!!!!!!! He gave me it a day early and two weeks early :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !!! 
I step outside for ten minutes and come back inside to find my dog , < PROPFEMALE > , with an old sticky trap stuck to her back foot . Pretty darn hilarious XD 
Awesome night at Tae Kwon Do :) 
Eye doctor today . ^^ Finally get to throw out these old frames . 
If your Dad was a hard working man and was your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one dad . 
Very happy for the Egyptian people . Shows you what a large group of people can do when they stand together in peace for what they believe . 
Happy Valentines/Singles Awareness Day !!!! 
waking up at 6am and finishing by 9 only to find you have no idea what to do with all your free time :/ 
Recovering from my first weekend as a production assistant . 
I'm < PROPMALE > from where you are .... 
< PROPFEMALE > 
7 I will praise the LORD , who counsels me ; \ 
even at night my heart instructs me . \ 
8 I keep my eyes always on the LORD . \ 
With him at my right hand , I will not be shaken . \ 
9 Therefore my heart is glad and my tongue rejoices ; \ 
my body also will rest secure , 
