Happy New Year ! 

putting effort into facebook = time consuming 
Oh math homework , how I despise you . 
is very happy about not having to wake up until 9 tomorrow :) 
blah 
:) 
I probably should be sleeping ... oh well :) 
why is wuthering heights considered a good book ?! 
likes driving around in the rain :) 
< PROPMALE > potter trailers make me very very happy :) 
ok rain , you can stop now . 
fake mustaches , acrobats , cotton < PROPFEMALE > , henna tattoos , apples to apples and pride and prejudice = BEST DAY EVER ! 
so tired ... i hate you homework 
Found out today that my car was so broken that its a miracle that I didn't get in an accident . 
Who wants to read wuthering heights for me ? 
loves picnics :) 
is ignoring her homework and hoping that it will get the hint and leave . 
is very very happy :) 
just bought a lottery ticket :) 
had a pretty awesome day :) 
is seriously lacking skills in the pumpkin carving department ... 
is tired 
loves being in stillwater :) 
is back in eau < PROPFEMALE > 
finally has her senior pictures :) 
doesn't have to be at school until noon tomorrow :) 
So , a recycling bin just got slammed into my house .. pretty sure I have now experienced a heart attack . 
Heal my heart and make it clean , open up my eyes to the things unseen , show me how to love like you have loved me . 
is sick :( 
Can't decide which senior picture to give the yearbook people . Anyone want to help me ? 
Can't fall asleep , don't know why . 
salt water taffy = sooo good :) 
The slightest hint of You brought me down to my knees . 
took a nap earlier , bad idea ... 
is very happy , good job < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is very bored ... 
should be sleeping 
had an awful day , hopefully tomorrow will be better :) 
today was fun :) 
wants it to snow , NOT rain ! 
Why can't I fall asleep !?!?!?!?! 
got a new coat today :) 
Oh english essays ... how I despise you . 
thinks that her psych paper should write itself ... 
looks like an eskimo due to the temp . of her room being below zero ... 
Time for swimming in gym , oh joy . 
Hey snow ! Feel free to stop anytime . 
is watching white christmas :) 
Just spent 2+ hours trying to dig my car out . So tired . 
So the plow just went down my street , but decided NOT to plow it !! 
My car has decided it doesn't want to work anymore . I don't approve . 
is wrapping presents :) 
Packers :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
can't fall asleep :( 
Packers are in the PLAYOFFS !!!!!! 
likes road trips :) 
Iowa is boring ... 
is in Kansas City . 
has bronchitis ... oh joy . 
SUPERBOWL !!!!!!! 
Third night in a row that I can't fall asleep , I would really like to know why . 
is freaking out ! 
Take me to a place , Where I can see You face to face , And all I want to do , All I want to do , Is worship You 
GO PACK GO ! 
WE WON ! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Improv show ! 
I don't understand this whole Walk out on < PROPMALE > thing . How is walking out on teachers standing up for them ? 
