has a new upstairs neighbor . Cue the marching band . 

thinks her neighbors are the awesomest . Who doesn't love playing in the sprinklers at 3 a.m. on a Monday ? 
thinks everything tastes peculiar today . 
likes it maybe a little too much when people comment on her status . 
wonders what's up all the Facebook-Twitter cross-posting . Is there an app that updates both at the same time or are you people actually that concerned that someone might miss out on knowing what you're doing right now ? No offense intended , cross-posters - 
is in love with of montreal right now . 
is wondering when @funley returned to facebook . 
is prepping the ' partment for the traveling wine tasting tonight . < PROPFEMALE > la Italia ! 
doesn't trust anything that can be fully microwaved in 1.5 minutes . 
just finished her training session with the team in < PROPFEMALE > and is cursing the very concept of time zones . Can't science just , like , fix this problem for us already ? Multiple suns with on/off switch , maybe ? Let's get somebody on this , stat ! 
just found out there is a leak in the apartment she's moving into to escape the mold infestation in her old one . 
is giving away a bookshelf , end table , and dining room table . Let me know if you want to come by and take a look . 
is filing her first lawsuit . Yay ! Now finally feel like a real American . 
is hoping all her Atlanta-metro friends don't float away . < PROPFEMALE > in there , kids ! Those status updates are scary . 
is wondering if 300 photos is too many ... 
just found someone who doesn't think lol cats are funny . At all . Seriously . 
black 
is trying to get her day started . facebook is against this plan . 
is getting excited about the Of Montreal show tonight . 
has had a lovely afternoon exploring downtown Tampa on foot for the first time . Awesome turkey avocado panini at Cafe Hey followed by an equally excellent < PROPMALE > Collins on the rooftop at Fly bar . Not such a bad little city we have here really . 
loved all the Latin in last night's Lost . 
just killed her first palmetto bug of the season . Ahhhh , summer ... 
is procrastinating on work stuff by posting too much too long on Facebook . 
is drinking a $60 glass of cabernet . kinda tastes like the $4.99 cab they sell at CVS . 
has just found her fave new facebook meme : In honor of the upcoming finale , change your profile pic to the Lost character you think will be < PROPMALE>'s replacement/Guardian of the Island . \ 
\ 
Please pass on to all the Losties in your life . ( KC Hudson , S . Cheong Choi , < PROPFEMALE > Yau-Maltese , < PROPFEMALE > Volpi Baerwalde , < PROPMALE > Funes , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ) 
4 8 15 16 23 42 
is getting ready to return to the Island one last time . 
is still marveling at the exquisitely unsatisfying brilliance of the Lost finale . 
is getting weirded out by how much \how I met your mother\ " keeps mirroring her life . < PROPMALE > c'est moi . " 
is heading out on Girls ' Coastal Roadtrip 2010 ! 
is sitting under the oaks in her beloved Cistern once again #CofC 
is so proud of all her discipuli . Congrats BA Class of 2010 !!! 
is back at Blackstone's reading the Gazette over breakfast . just like old times . :) 
believes that despite everything , people are really good at heart . 
has a severe case of duotriophobia . Let's hope my historical Unluckiest Day of the Year ends without a < PROPMALE > catastrophe ( besides the catastrophic browser crash during my online training session with the west coast Advisory interns this afternoon ) 
is kicking the four-day weekend off right with pomtini in hand . 
Mother Nature is apparently not much of a patriot . 
Alohomora < PROPMALE > Potter film fest ! http://www.tampabay.com/things-to-do/events/2010/7/9/harry-potters-friday-movie-madness/13402/ 
is having champagne & brie in the Poynter Library . Best cataloging workshop ever ! :) 
is back in the ATL . 
is tiny-tappin ' it tonight . 
just hit the 300-friend < PROPFIRST > . Woo-hoo ! Tnx , < PROPFEMALE > Brenneman ! 
thinks she just heard a gunshot from the creepy apt complex next door . It's like The Burbs up in here . 
is watching her street turn into a river . 
is wondering if she should skip the apartment hunt and start building an ark . 
Tampa poll : Awesome 2/1 bungalow in Seminole Heights or pretty cool 1/1 apartment in the heart of < PROPMALE > Islands ? 
has 30 days left of 30 . 
is still waiting at home for the stupid BrightHouse goons to come hook up the Internets . ( I waited all afternoon yesterday , but apparently someone entered Oct . 1 instead of Sept . 1 in their scheduling system . ) grrr >:( 
is STILL without internet and STILL waiting on aforementioned BrightHouse goons . The 5-day saga continues ... anyone tried this new Virgin Mobile Broadband2go thing ? 
just found a pair of drowned lovebugs in her glass . how romantic . :P 
is having the best Parisian-style morning at the creperia in Ybor . 
totally killed it at trivia tonight ! With my boys Woodford & Diaaaaaaz . 
is still at work :( 
thanks for all the warm birthday wishes ! I had a great one . 
just put on her fluffy slippers for the first time this season . Like . 
is a Cocks fan tonight ! ( yeah , bring on the innuendo ) 
Mission Accomplished ! Sanity restored . Thank you , Goodnight ! 
is hoping everyone remembers to VOTE tomorrow -- and Hillsborough peoples , PLEASE HELP pass the transit referendum . One cent is a small price to pay for safer , more-efficient roadways and LIGHT RAIL , of which Tampa is in dire need . 
is a bit disgusted with Florida right now . 
is partying in an airplane hangar . Probably way cooler than whatever you're doing . 
is tired after attempting to upload nearly a year's worth of photos in one night . Sorry for being so slack . ( More pics forthcoming soon , I promise ) 
is a sucker for facebook photo-update memes . 
yay , snow ! It's a white Christmas in Beauregard , Alabama . 
is Beaufort bound . 
WAR DAMN EAGLE !!! 
agrees with PJ . we need a live stream of Toomer's . like now . 
is enjoying an ice-cold ( spiked ) butterbeer at the Hogshead Tavern in Hogsmeade . :) 
is getting really sick of all this rain . Sunshine State , my tuchis ! 
Ugh . The computer wins . Humanity fail . 
is in the Upper Echelon of the < PROPFEMALE > pot right now . it's seriously who you know . wow . 
is kinda freaked out by the zombie daisies I bought at Publix a month ago that are still as yellow as ever and show no signs of dying ... 
