apparently jesus loves us all equally ... but some more than others 

your cries for pain are irrelevant 
get me a coke or ill piss on the carpet 
a bow wow aint no chomp chomp 
IS texas 
is craving ( 512 ) pecan < PROPMALE > 
im going to start brewing beer 
Super < PROPFIRST > World is at 100% complete ! now ive got to go change a radiator and start all over again 
Stone Imperial Russian Stout is like drinking jesus herself 
if you are a big big tree , we are a small axe 
you are all tools 
youall boys be easy on the cocaine now 
one day what im doing is going to be legal 
people aren't wearing enough hats 
practicing my rape escape tactics 
i need to find a < PROPFEMALE > hat that would fit on a bird 
nyquil on the rocks- for when you're feeling sick but sociable 
who else hates xmas ? maybe im just a bitter buffalo ... 
took all my piercings out 
THANK YOU OBAMA ! 
hare krsna 
AUM SIVA SIVANTI HARI HARI GANGA ! 
Look for the bear necessities , The simple bear necessities , Forget about your worries and your strife , I mean the bear necessities , Of mother natures recipies , That bring the bear necessities to life . 
final fantasy 7 downloading now ... 6 hours of crushing Shinra wasted because now i have to start all over ... 
level grinding 
listen < PROPMALE > , maybe its just me , but serving alcohol to 20 underage kids on superbowl sunday might be a bad idea . 
i killed the duck hunt dog 
gays should be legalized 
i think the teletubbies tv shows are a social experiement operated by the teletubbie government in order to reinforce social conditioning on a small scale , and eventually , on the entire teletubbie race . 
Visual Basic is MUCH easier to learn than C++ and im in too deep already 
< PROPFIRST > done got attacked by a domestic terrorist ! 
i got some crack for sale . first one's free 
Knights of the Round 
Texas Cannabis Crusade May 1st . Protesters will meet/smoke at Woodridge Square Park in < PROPFIRST > at 10:00 AM and march on the capitol at noon for protest and live music . All out of town friends are welcome to join us and stay the night . 
Join the Cannabis Crusade on May 1st at Woodridge Square Park in < PROPFIRST > . Festivities begin at 10 AM . we will march on the capitol at HIGH NOON . out of town friends are welcome to come stay with us . and < PROPFIRST > you better take the day off ! we've got work to do ! 
happy birfday little olib < PROPFEMALE > doobie doo 
get off me woman ! im trying to play pokey mans ! 
Barely runnin and rippin , but still I'm flippin on Vogues Hoes be trippin on < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > don't be trippin on hoes They be talking bout oh would you look at that nigga With no inspection sticker Drankin liquor Smokin swisha 
happy holiday ! 
8g labret plug in the mail ... next piercing : septum ... or medusa ... 
clap your hands if you love jesus !!!!! 1 !! 
there is a thin line between gossip and gospel 
Only 2 more days until the third annual Texas Cannabis Crusade . We will meet at Wooldridge Park at 10AM . Austins finest will escort protesters to the capitol at NOON for protest and live music . Responsible cannabis reform affects all of us in Texas . We all stand to gain a certain degree of independence , once the war on flowers is ended in Texas . If you believe in personal freedom , then you are encouraged to attend . 
tommorow is the Cannabis Crusade . < PROPMALE > and other freedom-seeking individuals will approach the capitol of Texas joint in hand to assert our rights and to end the war on personal freedom in tejas . and if you can't come , then pray or burn incense or something . 
Hop Stoopid nikku 
does anyone else laugh when they think of nuns falling down stairs ? 
Kept his right and left hand beefin . \ 
One knockin teeth in , the other one chiefin 
jefro is havin a doggie dream . his feet are kickin and his woofer is going woof woof 
wishes he were a Mer-Man 
you people need jesus 
Merciless- flying winged horses like Perseus 
just drank half an O'Doul's . wondering why alcoholics punish themselves like this . it's even worse than budweiser 
won 3rd place at last night's < PROPFIRST > Brothers tournament at Game Over Games . got me a cool little trophy and some swag , wondering what game i want to get with my gift card .. Also , way to go < PROPFIRST > . 1st place out of over 60 people . he schooled me in the last round . 
you are all gay 
alpacas or dromedaries ? 
friends : write your life story in six words . i'll start 
nobody cares about your dumb problems 
heading to the draught house for some milk stout after school tonight .... who will join me ? 
anyone out there contemplating denying christ ? why or why not ? 
Shiner Oktoberfest .... eh .... it's aiight 
having a Quran burning at my place later . if you don't have a Quran , feel free to bring a Bible , Tao Te < PROPFEMALE > , Bhagavad < PROPFEMALE > , books by < PROPMALE > , or any Oprah magazines you may have lying around 
thumbs up if you like CRAFT BEER . < PROPFIRST > and I are trying to organize a Better Beer < PROPFIRST > group for tastings , events , etc . Keep < PROPFIRST > Craft . going to work out a few kinks in the plans in the next few weeks . hit me up for more info . 
hide ya kids , hide ya wife , hide ya husband cuz rapin everybody out here 
do you ever get that not-so-fresh feeling in the morning ? 
legalize it 
a wa do dem a wa do dem dem dem 
Bear in the Big Blue House- you are just a puppet . albeit a very elaborate and convincing puppet . your methods of persuasion will not work on me ! 
I am < PROPFIRST > Blow the Lover Man ... You should be paying me ! 
San < PROPFIRST > and La Muerta here i come ... i haven't woken up at six AM for beer in a while .... 
having some Flying Dog Raging Bitch Belgian IPA out of my new Darkside snifter ... looking longingly at the four bottles of La Muerta in the fridge ... what beers are you guys drinking ? 
took out my labret plug last night and forgot about it till this morning . jesus christ putting an 8g piece of glass through a closing hole is painful 
im gonna put it in your butt tonight 
startin the day off right with a Ranger IPA . 
well last night was pretty fun . met some new friends and had tons of good beer 
woo .. dregs of 09 Abyss in my coffee . 
I met an angel with a sawed-off shotgun\ 
\ 
Wanted by the FBI\ 
We dropped some acid , killed our parents\ 
Then we hit the road\ 
Like the scream of the butterfly 
who can take a sunrise ? sprinkle it with dew ? cover it with chocolate and a miracle or two ? 
Convict Hill Oatmeal Stout in my coffee .... mmmmmm 
fuck bitches , get money , smoke trees . 
the fact that < PROPFIRST > Hitchens has cancer makes me very , very sad . 
so jefro jumped on the stove to get some fries while i was gone and he turned the gas burner on ... my apartment has been flooded with gas . i could smell it from the parking lot . but at least jefro is still alive ... guess i'm smokin in the car tonight 
just watch the damn owl movie already . it's pretty great . 
mmmm this bag of < PROPMALE > pellet hops smells so good i want to eat one 
she is a bubblin ' .... and she smells like hops ! 
lookin for a job yet again ... any leads ? 
brewed until midnight last night ... racked the pale ale to secondary and dry hopped it , brewed a double chocolate stout and pitched at midnight . now she's a bubblin away . next week : an english nut brown with pecans 
Jester < PROPMALE > rocked your mother's face off yesterday 
enjoying a Lagunitas Hairy Eyeball from my new Jester < PROPMALE > snifter . flippin ' delicious ! 
damn ... one thing i do miss about being a hillbilly- cheese grits in the morning ! 
the pale ale is in bottles , the stout is sitting on cherries in the secondary , and the nut brown is bubbling 
somebody bring me a coffee 
Frisbeetarianism- The belief that , after death , the soul flies up onto the roof and gets stuck there . 
smoked a newport in celebration of black history month 
the nut brown has been racked to secondary on pecan extract . we'll sit on that about a week before we bottle it . the double chocolate < PROPFEMALE > stout is still bubbling slowly due to the cherries in it . going to bottle that in two more weeks . the pale ale is delicious , but still needs a little more time in the bottle , and the black molasses stout is bubbling away . giving the greenbelt yeast a try . 
Oh where oh where can jah love be now\ 
My dear , it's here in the underground\ 
Inside the hearts of your own children 
found a geocache behind the pink gorilla at the bingo hall ... 
Woke up in the middle of the night and my kitchen smells like hops ... I wonder why ? 
MTG draft mufuzzas 
i enjoy bubble baths and listening to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > albums . i also occasionally enjoy juicy sausages and mimosas . 
it's finally time for me to speak the truth . i am gay . i dont care what all of you think . its my choice . 
somebody please buy another 3 gallon carboy . i bought the first one at the HB660 rally . with two , we can experiment and essentially double our experimentation/learning process . 
got some oak chips sitting in < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Black for the big brown ale 
