I had to create a Facebook account for one of my classes ... but hell .... I'm glad I did now ... I see a lot of friends I haven't seen in a while 

I'm so freakin ' tired ..... 
I'm tired of waiting for good things to happen for sure , they need to happen now and within reason . Like , I want to start my job now ... so I have the money to pay the mortgage ( Misspelling ? ) on the house I hope to be getting in the next couple of months . 
Back home ... back to school work .... AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH 
Going to bed .... gotta be in class all day tomorrow .... but my parents will be out here tomorrow night .... so I'm excited to see them . 
My parents are out visiting and I'm super happy they came 
Life just might be settling in .... one can hope . 
Waiting to close on our new home .... and trying to juggle all the responsibilities of life . 
In Class .... I'm so tired ... need energy for the ride home 
Waitin ' to get off work so I can go pick up my clones ..... the pictures I took this morning make me forget the rough times ...... Happy Birthday Daddy ! 
Just waitin ' for < PROPMALE > to get out of class 
These freakin ' kids in truancy are nothing but some dead beat punks ! Was I ever like this ? I hope not 
My kids are wild animals !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm so tired ...... can't wait to sleep 
Just hangin ' eatin breakfast with the boys .... watchin ' Tigger and Pooh 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I need SLEEP ! 
Finally a break from having to travel 3 hours to go to school ..... Next live class is early December .... YYYYAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!! 
Boys were super clingy today ..... I'm sure they'll be glad I have a break from traveling too .... 
Boys are out of control when I drop them off at Preschool ..... It's starting to make me sad ... I know I shouldn't , but , it kinda did today 
I'm a slacker ! Big surprise , right ? 
Thanksgiving is going to be a little crazy .... can't wait 
I'm worn the F@ @k out ! My throat is killing me and I think I might have to pass on Karaoke tonight ..... UGH ! 
I feel better ! Who knew getting some sleep would help ! lol 
I can't wait for a little break from school ..... I'm just feeling a little worn academically 
3 week countdown till I get a break from school ..... non stop assignments until then ... You would think that Therapy would be less paperwork .... but it's not ... it's just different . 
AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!! Sorry , just needed to get that out . I feel like I'm losing my mind . 
Final two classes this weekend ! Finally ! A break ! 
Happy New Year !!! 
I am hella tired right now ..... but I do have a styling doo 
School starts next week and my financial aid won't come for like 2-3 weeks .... how am I supposed to buy books ........ hhhhmmmmm ...... the system fails again . 
To quote the great Socrates , \ I drank what ? \ " Ok ok ... it's not a direct quote " 
Well ... it's just me and the boys till tomorrow night .... I miss < PROPFEMALE > already . But ... I will get to watch scary movies tonight .... YAH !!! 
National Championship tonight ..... ROLL TIDE ! Texas doesn't deserve to be in it .... Nebraska should have won the Confrence Championship game .. McCoy brainfarts and gets bailed out by a bench .... Luck be a lady for the Horns that game . Not so much tonight . 
Someone explain to me why the Lakers suck every time I watch them on TV ...... 
< PROPFEMALE > Foxtrot Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > November Uniform November < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Tango Hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Papa Yankee < PROPFEMALE > November < PROPFEMALE > Papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFIRST > Yankee < PROPFIRST > Uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Tango < PROPFEMALE > Tango Uniform < PROPFEMALE > . 
That last one was for Kristin ... I'm with it 
Feeling Tired right now .... 
I hate my school ! They screwed me AGAIN ! 
I'm not really wanting to do all this reading , but I guess I don't really have a choice .. 
Almost done with this week's readings ..... still don't want to do it ... would rather be preparing for a weekend in Vegas with Tina ..... oh well ... maybe next time 
Random Question ! If you were any character ever created through Disney ..... Who would you be ? 
I drive by Southern Utah University nearly everyday , and it always makes me miss my undergrad days ... you know ... when life wasn't as pressing and you could make a foolish mistake or 2 and not be all that troubled about it . Oh well ... you gotta grow up sometime . Much love to everyone who responded to my Disney question , and much love to rest of my F/B friends and family who didn't . Hope everyone has a good weekend . 
I need to get back on my game .... I'm cutting this assignment kinda close .... but then again .... who can concentrate ..... 2 years ago today < PROPFEMALE > and I said I Do ! Craziness 
I'm sorry to whoever I sent that Old Friends thing too .... It was a set-up ... my bad 
I'm so very excited ! I have money again ! Thank you Jesus !!!!!!!!!!! 
Textbook publishers are freakin ' scam artists !!!!!!!!!! It just cost me $27 more to get the same book with a new cover .... old was out of stock .... new was in stock and available now ...... Shisters ! 
Should be a good Super Bowl .... I'm heading to Vegas to watch with Turry Skupper . Should be fun .... but that is going to be one long weekend .... Class in Salt Lake Saturday from 8am-2pm , drive to Vegas that afternoon/night and then back home Sunday night . I'll miss my wife and the boys . 
I'm so worn out right now ..... but Open Mic was so fun last night ! 
It's the return of the ... oh wait .. he didn't just say what I think he did , DID HE ? 
It's official ..... I now own a snow shovel ... yah me .... one more chore ... yah me ... Come join me in my pity party .... it's fun .... but I only get 5 minutes ... and go 
I never knew this before ... but WWE < PROPFEMALE > the Rock just might be a modern day Social Interactionist ... \Know your role and shut your mouth ! \ " It all makes sense now ! " 
So many things to try and plan .... too much is happening .... My brain feels like shutting down right now .... AAAAHHHHHH LIFE ! 
Just goofin ' off before I gotta get down to doing some work ...... I have more assignments due this weekend than I thought ..... if you don't know me ... you'll soon discover this is a consistent theme in my life ... LOL .... I'm a little unstable at times .. 
Still no word from Terry ..... May have to change my SB plans 
Vegas her I come ... TERRY ... get away from the Mini-bar .... I'll walk to the store and get a bigger bottle for half the price ...... 
What the 2,000 questions to find out nothing about what other people said about you !!!!!!!!!!!??????????? 
What a weekend ! There is only one way it could've been better .... if I would have placed the bets I was thinking about .... I would have come home $1200 richer ... but I didn't place any bets ... so I didn't come home with any profits ... oh well .... this weekend was outstanding ! Oh yah .... I did not find myself Vegas drunk .... but I was feeling quite good 
Still trying to recover some lost sleep from this weekend ... lol ... well worth it 
The boys were up early this morning .... causing all kinds of crazy ..... making phone calls .... fighting over invisible stuff ..... just taking time to lay down and scream at the ceiling .... and then diving head first into whatever body part gets in their way ..... ah hell ... everyone's wish came true ..... I got me as a kid times two .... except I have two different directions to cover .... all my well wishers just had to < PROPMALE > me . 
Today was a bit calmer from yesterday ..... the weekend's almost here .... long weekend ... WOO HOO ... long weekend 
TGIF ...... really looking forward to this weekend 
What a great weekend .... It was so nice to see my family ... spend time with all of them . I'm so wiped out right now ... on our way back something happened to our brake system ... it's all good now ... but it was kind of stressful to have it happen on our way back from CA . 
< PROPFEMALE > says I watch too many violent shows ..... I keep telling her ... I can either live vicariously through others violent tendencies .... or ... act out my own .... lol .. j/k ... I never said that to her ... but I do think it helps me vent aggression by watching people kick each others a$$es .... and get paid for it . 
I've decided I need to jump on the diet craze !!!! I'm starting a new age plan ... it's so crazy it just might work ... ready .... STOP EATING ALL THE CRAP .... PUT DOWN THE WHOPPER , DRINK MORE WATER , EXCERCISE , PLAY MORE BASKETBALL , EXCERCISE 
Thank you everybody for supporting my new diet movement , today was a successful start .... I think ... I did have a couple slices of leftover pizza but we needed to make room in the fridge 
I'm a total screw-up .... I just pulled a total bone head move .... why did I think I could help two friends through a misunderstanding and remain neutral ...... STUPID !!!!! Don't treat friends ... Don't treat friends 
Ok ... I'm better now ... had a crazy weekend ! I'm good .... just want to thank < PROPFIRST > for the dose of sanity during my crazy weekend 
Ok ... Treatment Plan has been submitted ... videotaping for my project is this weekend ... I gotta get ready for my practicum readiness seminar .... present my project ... One class down ... one to go .... keeping my fingers crossed that my streak of A's continues . 
WoW ! It is so nice to not be stressing over school work .... I'm in a good place right now ... I think I'll take advantage and goof off 
Started my pursuit of a practicum site today .... got some good leads ... gotta make a lot of cold calls ... I'm a little nervous ... but I'm anxious to get this matter settled 
Got some promising news about a possible practicum site .... still need to make calls ... really ... I've made no progress since yesterday ... but ... I'm going to make some progress eventually 
Drama ! Ruled my world last night ...... crazy neighbors ! Whole lot of destruction done by one raging drunkard .... LUNACY ! 
Big presentation tonight .... half the video didn't record ... I was told of this fact at like 10:30 pm last night .... I'm feeling a little flustered ... plus I have a Practicum Readines Seminar that is extremely crucial to my immediate future ..... ugh 
We're halfway home on getting approved to start my practicum ... gotta turn in a treatment plan ..... but the Clinical Director seems a bit off kilter , if you know what I mean ... but ... hopefully he gives me the green light ... otherwise ... he's just jealous of how awesome my treatment plans are !... LOL 
AAAHHHH !!! I finally quenched a 3 month long craving .... aaahhh .... a nice Sushi lunch ... so worth it 
Suishi again today ! I'm on a roll ... LOL 
OK ! Go see < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland in 3D ...... I'm diggin ' it .... it's darker ... Johnny Depp as the Mad Hatter ... awesome portrayal 
School this weekend .... first lecture day of Human Sexuality .... I'm excited to see just how many people blush when they have to say the word penis 
DLS is not my hero right now .... I could use the extra hour 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
Feeling relieved , I just sent the payments in to empty all my credit cards ... WOO HOO 
Hold on ! Did you just call me an Ox moron ? You can't say that to me ! ( reply ) No ! I said oxymoron , you know , two things that mean the exact opposite , like MILITARY INTELLIGENCE , shmuck . 
I'm back ..... been a long time since I posted ..... nothing great to say ... but HELLO ! 
The boys survived their first night in big boy beds .... of course < PROPMALE > slept half the night on the ground .. but they seem to enjoy being out of their bedtime cages .. lol 
Kinda bored right now ... not much to do ... just chillin ' at work . Need a night out with < PROPFEMALE > 
This is my last weekend of school for this semester ... then I'm on break till May 10th ... does that mean I can fall over and die now ? My term one teacher ruined my perfect GPA ..... I'm pissed ... a freakin ' A- , get me a break ..... just give me the A 
Upcoming semester is going to be busy , plus add to that that I'll be starting practicum ..... it's going to be interesting 
Feeling good about < PROPFEMALE>'s successful surgery , yesterday was a long day ..... Now she's resting and recovering . My wife is such a wonderful and strong woman ... I'm sure she'll be up and running by Saturday . 
Thank you Jesus ! 
Ready for the weekend ! 
I'm confused 
< PROPFEMALE > is going to be here today , should be good times and lots of laughs . 
So , Karaoke was pretty fun last night ... everyone participated .... we even had a cameo from < PROPFEMALE > and Bryan ... good times ..... Golden Girls Reunion tonight ! < PROPFEMALE > La Fiesta 
SNOW ?! Really ? End of April snow !? I'm trippin ' 
I have so many random movie qoutes running through my head right now , if there was only some kind of outlet in which I could share them with everyone ... wait 
I'm ready to go golfing ! Anyone want to join me Saturday ? 
Man ! I've talked to alot of friends from Cali in the last few days .... I'm trying to figure out a good time to go .... hang in there peeps ... I'm workin on something 
ok . so I found out today that my financial aid should be coming on the first day of school , however , I still need the books , SOON . 
Freakin ' kids ! They just can't get to class on time ! Man , that means I really have to do something tomorrow 
Two no shows ! Why would you think you could get away with ditching truancy if your in because you got caught ditching classes ? DUH 
Like a ninja of love , from up above , you repelled into my heart 
hey guys , you ready to let the dogs ? who let the dogs out ... woo , woo , woo-woo 
School days return .... bring on the stress 
Thanks to everyone who remembered my birthday , you have all helped to make it a great day ! 
Vegas/my birthday was outstanding !!!! 
Ok ... for everyone that missed back to back X's for Eyes shows ... you missed out 
Thanks everybody ! 
Lets talk creepy cartoons . Anyone remember Mr. Ts Allstars ? How bout Mask ? 
Random movie quote time !!!!! \Be excellent to each other .... and PARTY ON DUDES ! " 
There is so much I cannot even begin to explain what is going through my head at this very moment 
Random thought attack ! Just read my little profile quote thingy . As upset as I was with a previous employer , two things have stuck with me and I find myself making reference to it alot ...... YOUR PERCEPTION IS YOUR REALITY AND EVERYTIME YOU POINT A FINGER , THERE ARE THREE MORE POINTING BACK AT YOU . 
Is it right to be pissed off when a guy who can't even get his stuff together treats you like your wasting his time ? Or when that same guy lectures you on a topic in which he doesn't even successfully model how it's done . I'm just saying ... don't frown down on my cuz I don't have my PHD ..... a Doctorate doesn't make you any better at a craft that is 75% < PROPMALE > , 20% science , and 5% outside factors .... get over yourself 
I'm sitting on the edge of a spectacular situation ... just need to find a few more pieces to make this puzzle it's true vision . Watch out world ... New Beginnings Academy is about to blow up and make a giant impact on Southern Utah .... oh did I mention ... Therapeutic Services Director is going to be this really cool guy ...... 
Preparing for an electrifying future 
One step closer ! 
Rest in peace < PROPMALE > , you will be missed 
Time to do work .... and get prepared for what's to come 
I got knocked out , but I'm good . Live to fight another day . 
DA BEARS BABY !!!!! Last undefeated in the NFC 
To Javier : If you spent more time appreciating hard fought battles instead of hating on other's good fortunes you might forget that your team sucks badly .... SUCKS .... Only undefeated team left in the NFC ... love you bro ... but don't start talkin trash on the Bears .. it only leads to bad things .. lol 
Training 
Back to the gym next week ! 
Adolescent and Teenage angst just makes me want to slap some since into these kids ... 
Wow .. 
I wonder what Freud would think about someone who had a dream that they were dreaming that the had a dream . Sounds confusing ... but that is exactly what happened to me last night ... I was so messed up when I woke up that I still had to wonder if I was still asleep and just dreaming of another dream ...... AAAHHHHH 
Wow ... I got a whole lot of response to yesterday's post ... maybe I should share my wierd experiences more often 
You know what I hate ... when you see an old friend from your past and they look great ... and you begin to examine your own life and have to wonder if they think the same thing when they saw you ... like ... Do I look great in comparison to the way I used to .. or am I looking tore back these days 
I have nothing to say today ... or at least at this very moment ... don't ask me why I posted this 
When Lord When ? When's it going to be my turn !? 
Running on fumes today .... Graveyard shift to Supervision breakfast to Clinic hours to School job to Group therapy .... whew ... thank goodness for Rockstar 
Job Interview next Wednesday !!!! Here's hoping somebody wants to hire me on full-time ! 
Did we just become best friends !? 
It's not illegal , it's just frowned upon . Like masturbating on an airplane . 
So it has started to snow in Cedar City ..... dang it ! 
will be a rolling party tonight .... Mike's B-day ... then SLC bound for class and a presentation I would rather not do .... hhhmmm ... 
Good news everybody ! I survived the weekend ! I had my doubts about that 
It's days like this when I'm feeling so dog tired that I miss being punched in the face for money ... lol 
I was told in a job interview that there was a potential to get punched in the face by adolescent kids acting out in a psychiatric facility ..... who cares ... I volunteered to have a 250 pound guy do the same thing to me ..... I'm not worried about that , I wish they would quit focusing on it like it's supposed to scare me 
Sending out xmas cards , if you want one message me your address 
There are some things happening in the world today that just aren't right .... and I'm kinda pissed about it .... don't ask for details 
Looking forward to a little bit of a break ! 
Happy holidays ! 
Feeling angsty and tired 
Had a wonderful day celebrating my sweetie's bday . Hope it was a good one for you baby ! I love you 
After having two weeks of a pretty normal schedule , I realize how much my usual schedule sucks !!!!! 
Been working since 2:30 this morning ...... ready to relax 
Today I celebrate 3 wonderful years of marriage . I love you baby ! 
I hate drama , especially the useless kind 
My thought for the day :\ 
Communication is a two way street , if the traffic coming towards you is too scary , maybe you should get off the road . 
My thoughts for the day :\ 
1 . ) When faced with adversity , is it really possible to pretend that it's not there ? \ 
2 . ) Is it possible to argue with someone who's not listening ? \ 
3 . ) If padded rooms were made to keep people from hurting themselves , why do those who belong in one insist that others come with them ? 
Superbowl Reflections :\ 
1 . ) I hate the Packers ! \ 
2 . ) Glee girl and Xtina were horrible with the opening performances\ 
3 . ) The Peas were ok , I guess\ 
4 . ) The Packers were the better team , but , I still hate them 
Beware of Bigfoot ! 
Oh my god ! I just realized I am a Jersey Shore fan 
Thank you Snitchuation and the Slopatartamus 
LOLing all over myself ... I love my wife 
Cousins are the first friends most people ever have as children . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins . Even if you haven't talked much lately ... Re-post if you have some of the best cousins in the world . Much love to all my wonderful cousins !! 
I'm hoping to have my full time job soon , interviewed today , supposed to find out by Friday ..... wish me luck . 
I got it ! 
Stage one is over , now we're kick starting labor 
Getting ready to break her water in a little bit , could be the home stretch 
Water broken , we are moving now ! 
We are having to do a c-sect , posts will continue 
6 lbs 5 ounces 19.5 inches 
Thanks everybody ! < PROPFEMALE > is doing great , < PROPFEMALE > is doing great , and us boys are good too 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > just met < PROPFEMALE > , they are not interested at all 
Watching Night at the Roxbury ... thinking about some fun times with Stoopid 
We are home ! 
