is excited , ah . :D 

Starbucks would be helpful at this point in time . 
Sleep now , Asian . D: 
loves the feeling of the breeze in her hair , sun on her face . Ah , spring . 
Staaaahbucks ? Yes . ;D 
Starbucks ? No . D: Espresso ? Sure thaaang . ;) 
Enjoying the sunlight , burning straight through my soul . Aha . :D 
enjoying the sun . ;) 
Tweet , tweet . 
Two days , can't wait . ;) 
Long walks , espresso , stimulating conversation . Content . :) 
Tomorrow :) 
Gosh . I don't know what to do now . :/ 
Thank you very much . 
It's gotta be more like falling in love than something to believe in . :) 
Oh , baaaby . :) 
Happy Madddur's Day . :D 
Let's go outta here . :) 
Maybe next time . :) 
Tomorrow ? Fsssho ' . :) 
9 & counting . :) 
Dang , I LOVE Ardinger's ! :) 
Ar-ding-ers or Ar-din-gers ? Neither , it's Arr-DANG-ers ! :) 
Seven :) 
Five :) 
Thank you , LORD ! For everything :) 
Let it fall :) 
Hey , < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Family time :) 
I need forty . D: 
Hella rapper stats :) 
Class Night was :) Crab Fest , I'm coming for ya ! 
Swagger like us . ;) 
Good morning :D Dance clinic w/sisssta , crab fessst , sunshine . It's SUMMER :) 
One hour break :/ 
I can get you hemmed up while I'm being tailored . 
My WHOLE entire body , especially my NECK , is SORE . D: 
Sprunch Frite . 
\And how long will that take ? \ " \ " Twelbe . \ " :D " 
I like being the only one awake at night in my house , it feels like the whole world is sleeping . 
Good night/morning , Pacebook :) 
It's whatever . I'm out . Later . 
Lately , I've been finding myself rather confused . But somehow , it's more of a contented confusion , and I kind of like it . :D 
doesn't know what to think anymore . But , in a good way :) 
I used to understand everything . Now , I know nothing . And I like it better this way :) 
Girrrrl , check yo self . 
likes this :) 
They all know now , the heck . But , it's okay :) 
Gooodd morning :) 
She can't ! It's not harvest time yet :) LMAO . 
No Subway :/ I'm gooodd at secrets :) 
Vulnerable ? Impossible . SS :) 
Yeah , I think Gianni wants to go on a walk tomorrow :) 
I wanna be native , natives can go kana gym :) 
I heart boba :) 
YES , native card ! :) Thaaaank you , < PROPFEMALE > :D 
LMOO :O I laaaave this neeeguh ! :) 
Gooodd morning , Faceboookk :) 
Ooh . I like , I like . 
Yeeee , I'm addicted . To His presence :) I love Sundays . 
Hey , guess what ? I deeeg you :) 
Chansong Won , I will buy you a ticket to Kodiak one day :) I miss my bessst fraaann . 
The whole world is asleep . Except Chansong and me . Whoooot :) 
Formspring entertains me . 
Can feel the summer slowly creeping through her veins . 
So many plans , so little summer . 
My dadddy's pro at solitaire . 
I can never sleep anymore . :/ 
Good morning , Mr. Sunshine . 
< PROPFEMALE > AciertoCo , MADRE & ANAK ALIKE ! Whooo :) Bored . 
Good morning , blue sky :) I be dippin . 
Gianni , I will shooot your wonderpets :) 
Pretty Little Liars <3 Hahah , so late . 
It's hottttt , outside . I'm liking this :) 
likes being up this early , loves mornings . 
will take things slowly from here on out . 
The cross before me , the world behind me :) 
Gmail . Gangster mail :) 
I be dippin , anak :) 
Good morning , Lorrrrd ! Thank you for the sunshine :) 
You don't get to decide how I feel , you don't know my reasons , you know nothing . Stop acting like you do . 
< PROPFEMALE > was here ! :) haha . 
Prappe , I love < PROPFEMALE>'s dadddday :) 
@Ranie's house , Rans , Euuunice , and Vissaay :) 
Trust me , you're not that special . Get over yourself . 
Problem solved :) 
Time flew like nothing at all . 
Thaaa's what faithh can do , my friend :) 
Model statussssss , bruuuuh :) HA . 
Lead Me To The Cross . <3 -- Chris&Conrad . 
I <3 < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > :) 
< PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST > are melting . D: 
Lakerrrs , baaaby :) 
You can try to put me down , but I'll remain unaffected . Say what you want , but I know the truth . Huunnn , \ 
\I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me . \ " \ 
Come ON , Lakers ! You got this :) 
WHOOOOO ! Lakerrrs , baaaaby :) 
Headache :/ Efffffffffff . 
TOY STORY 3 :) Whoot , whoot . 
Momma don't play ! HAHAHA . 
I can never sleep anymore :/ Effffff this . 
Friiiied ice cream w/Allison < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > tmrw :) I hope . 
Ghetto songs , they just make me happpy :) Ahhaa , 
Mhm , that's what all the good friends do . They \ 
tell your secrets , anonymously hate on your formspring , and purposely \ 
piss you off . Thanks for wasting my time . 
Keep sippin ' up that haterade , girl . 
I love you , < PROPFEMALE > Gonzalez ;) 
Aw , wtflurk . 
< PROPFEMALE > , I love you :D For keeping me from my boredom at four in the morning :) You're the best :) Bahahah . 
Alright , sleeping patterns will be fixed .. Tomorrow . 
Good morning :) 
Get down with the brown :D 
Treadmill . 
Hardcore thinking before I go to bed ;) 
Ooh , I'm seeing sunlight ;) 
Yeah , dude . I'm sleeping now before I can change my mind . 
Slow down before today becomes your yesterday . 
I need sleep :/ 
6am , I dislike you and your earliness . 
Here we go again . Dipset ;) 
I beasted that muffin . 
is too legit . Too legit to quit ;) 
Love Song For A Savior , I <3 you . 
Dipset . 
Powderhouse , psh , yeea . It's a combination of both . 
Dryer . Dryer , dryer , dryer . 
Pretty Little Liars , I just wanna watch you already . 
Good morning ;) 
Cofffeeee . 
She's < PROPFEMALE > again . 
Coffee , cookies , and tip . 
She digs how asians can be really asian . 
It all went by way too fast . 
I'll do even better , just to prove you wrong . 
Man , I miss them :/ Sad face . 
You can never be too asian , 
Chow mein , frap , gas station coffee . 
Dude , I'm good at hangman (; Ftw . 
Kodiak , you never cease to amaze me . Blue skies , I wish you would stay awhile . 
Ahhh , my family . You are the best . 
Featherrrrr . < PROPFIRST > said my soul is black :O 
Alright , just because I'm bored ;\ 
\LiKE ! \ " this status and I'll tell you what I \ 
Ah , so many plans for summer . So little time left . 
Fried ice cream w/Allison in the mornings . Never a disappointment .. 
Mm , dried mango . 
misses Gianni , (; Boy , get your butt back here . 
is hiking up Pillar at ten . Whoot , whoot . 
Today , gooooood day . 
.. I haven't had rice in forever . 
Workout time . 
Cool Kids . 
If God brought you to it , He'll bring you through it . <3 
I like how you think I care . 
when you find God , you find that nothing else in this world is needed anymore . nothing else matters , but Him . He's more than enough . 
i <3 thrift . 
today , i am tired . rain makes me tired . 
late night family bonding time ! 
kodiak weather , please make up your mind . 
grill . corn . sunshine . marshmallows . blankets . family . summer , <33 
kodiak , you suck . no offense . 
hates cleaning . haaaaates it . /: 
\ateehhdadablahblahblahblah . \ " -gianni . " 
likes long walks at night with ranie and cholo . (: 
24 hours . whooooo ! 
i hate you , bottom locker . 
workout earlier felt amazing . 
throwback of the best kind . 
everyone's posting statuses about school . bahahaha . 
finally , weekend ! 
dear kodiak , could you please keep your sky this color for a longer time period ? i'd love you very much . thank you . 
ballet , oh how i've missed you . 
difference between a pessimist and an optimist ? a pessimist sees the difficulty in opportunities . an optimist sees the opportunity in difficulties . 
Don't be embarrassed of who you are . People are going to judge you no matter what you do . 
If you keep judging people , you'll have no time to love them . 
90210 , (: as in , today . 
When God takes something from your grasp , He’s not punishing you , but merely opening your hands to receive something better . 
hey , guess what facebook ? i <3 < PROPFEMALE > timu , (: 
coffeecoffeecoffee , <33 
Snake , snake , snake , side , SPAZZ SPAZZ , oh snap ! 
fake is the trend this season , and everrryone's in style . 
hello , coffee . you're looking quite wonderful right now . 
daddy just brought me starbucks . i love you , daddy . (: 
like this , this right here . and i'll tell you what's up . (: truth is ___ . 
Worrying doesn't stop the bad stuff from happening . All it does is keep you from enjoying the good . 
Stop worrying so much . Worrying is just using your imagination to create things you don't want . 
this week went by way too fast . 
no sleep , WHOOOO . 
i only have 40 points in tennis . bahahahah . 
AW , gianni likes hillsong . (; he's such a good dancer , aha . 
happy birthday , mommy . <3 
You can say you know how someone feels . You can say you understand . But , until it's actually happened to you , you never truly know . 
A man's face is his autobiography . A woman's face is her own work of fiction . 
\It's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring . \"" 
i love you , latte . 
i want cough drops . of the < PROPFEMALE > lemon variety . 
fried ice cream later . (: woo ! 
AWWWWW . (; http://www.whosthecutest.com/ 
why do filipinos have so much pride ? cause we eat pride rice , pride lumpia , pride chicken ... (; 
* rocks head . \ba ba ba ba ba ba ba . \ " -gianni . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Dgdl , happy birthday ! i hope your day goes amazingly . (: and , i want your profile picture . happy 15th , < PROPMALE > . 
I cannot even sufficiently express to you in words how much I love my little brother . 
nostalgia at it's finest ? the stirring of the avocados in the blender . and me , waiting ever so patiently . i haven't had one in forever . i love you , avocado shake . 
Do everything you want . And if that means doing something you'll regret in the morning , sleep late . 
dear avocado shake , you enlarge my smile . by a lot . thank you . 
watching boy meets world . life is wonderful . 
i love it when people say \word . \ " it's just so amusing . " 
last minute homework is slkdjflusiogas ;d to my brain . 
< PROPFEMALE > was here !! And I love < PROPFEMALE > ! Haha :D 
facebook , i think you should be purple too . but you're not . 
insomnia , you suck . a lot . goodnight . 
Like this status , and you will have liked this status . That is all . 
Neology . Fajitaniquisha . I'm so ready for this test . 
What on earth am I supposed to wear for superhero day ?! Gah . 
believes in Jesus Christ . One facebooker has challenged all believers to put this on their wall ..... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my Father , at The Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God and you are not afraid to show it , repost . 
Like this status and I'll go eat some yogurt . So , someone should like this . Just one person . Not two . Not five . One . That is all . 
people are so dense . 
If you're a bird , I'm a bird . 
i would like to shoot my homework in the head . if it was possible . ohhh . 
Rain , I do not like you very much . Please , get outta here . 
i really just want my phone already . sigh , anticipation . 
Updating Facebook from my phone . Oh man , I feel cool . 
hakkkkked < PROPFEMALE > loves liam ! 
So , there was this huge spider on my wall . And after about ten minutes of attempts and debating , I finally killed it . I feel like a horrible person now . 
School makes me hungry . I want a granola bar . 
N8V food , so gooooood . i wish i was native . 
God , thank you . For today , for every day . For everything . Thank you . 
Goodnight , Facebook . God bless :D 
oh < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , shouldn't you be in aerobics ? O: 
I am in love with you , vanilla chai . You bring me Christmas in November . 
Like this and I'll tell you why I'm thankful to have you in my life . (: go , go , go . 
euniceeee was sleeping with you :) I heard you snored and I think I did too .. our sleepovers are funtertaining : foshoo ! 
LOL at some of the things people put as their statuses . 
just had a sex talk with Mrs. Anderson . LOL . 
I miss my hair . -.- 
Good morning , world . 
GUYS , BUY CARINA'S YEARBOOKS . I WANT COOKIES . 
I kind of think that those who post pointless things and don't know how to use correct grammar or spelling should just be banned from updating facebook . LOL . no offense , guys . 
2010 is almost over , so LIKE this status if I made you smile this year ? :D watch it get like none , LOL . 
Christmas break , you are never close enough . 
@214 , I LOVE YOU . kbye . (':< 3 
I love < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > sooo much !!! 
I hate how it's almost Monday again . 
My life will be easy today . And tomorrow . And the two weeks after that , too :D 
Hello , Friday . Oh , you've been greatly missed . 
Just realized there's no school tomorrow . HECK . YES . 
Christmas baking :D 
Can we just rewind this whole week ? 
I have God , why do I really even need anything else ? 
history class with < PROPFEMALE > horton is amazing !! 
My God ? He's bigger than any little tsunami warning you could give . 
Anchorage is on my mind :D 
siiigh , so bored :p like this , truth is ? 
