Just went paintballing for the first time . I have a lot of welts ... and two really good blood ring ones too :) 

Every hour of helping clean and set my brother's wedding up is another inch toward eloping when I finally get hitched ... 
People complain about out government ... but thats just because they dont know how to use it !!! Free healthcare and money to buy food ! What a life haha 
Hmm ... Im tired ... I think I will go to town early today ... Thank God for Bible studies !! 
watches as his brother drives away for the last time as a single man . Congratz man ... Tomorrow you will get an achievement I wont have for quite some time :) 
Weddings truly drain the life force from me ... Im trying ... I really am ... 
getting sucker punched emotionally SUCKS ! 
cant sleep . 
is freaking out ... just a little bit . 
feels like crap ... mentally . 
I woke up this morning to the sound of my little nephew , butt naked , peeing on my floor . /sigh 
fml 
weird dream last night ... so weird ... 
For the first time in a long time , words don't flow from me ... Sit down and cry for my heart just fell down and died ... 
Food turns to ash in my mouth ... Ack ! Im so hungry but food is so disgusting !!! 
is still here ... sort of . If you need to contact me , try my email . beautifulwalker@ymail.com Thanks 
Words still arent flowing ... so I am waiting ... 
I need a pensive . I think that would solve all my problems . 
So ... Strange thoughts running amok again ... Time for some heavy duty smoke in the hive ( if you know what I mean ) 
Guess who goes to bed at 8 o clock now ... Yeah ... that would be me . 
Guess who is hitting the bar tonight ? Yep , that would be me . 
Had an amazing time last night . The best part ? Spending time with a friend . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Emmi is back with Nate ... That makes me sad :( I guess I sleep alone again tonight ... ( Emmi is my brothers dog ) 
GAH !!!!!!! MY DAD WANTS TO WATCH MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL AND I HAVE WAITED ALL YEAR TO WATCH THE SEASON PREMIER OF CASTLE !!!! * Explitives * 
Goodnight world . 
* gears in my brain are slowly grinding once again . < PROPMALE > and rough , but maybe Ill write again . * 
May have just made a mistake ... and now feels like throwing up ... a lot ... 
Holding on to threads , praying for an outcome , any outcome will do , but we were never meant to < PROPFEMALE > in between ... 
Someday 
I got kicked out . My choice , but the result is the same ... Its me against the winter cold . Bring it on baby ... 
Just got kicked out of the first laundromat ... Good thing there is more than one :) 
Just subbmited an application to travel the united states and get paid for it ... Hoping to get the job . 
OMGOMGOMG !!! BLACK FRIDAY !!!! YAYAYAYAYAYA !!!!!! 
Got Jeeves ? I do :) 
Going to see Avatar tonight . Hope it is visually as exciting as my dreams ! haha 
is probably the only person in the world that doesnt like christmas . /sigh 
Getting a job on a cruise ship ! Woot Woot ! 
Not only am I getting a job on a cruise ship , I will get to actually sit and write a book that I will publish someday . Life is looking up . 
Nvm 
haha 
Going down to get food and then study time for two hours . Hooya :/ 
Im not lazy ... Im just resting for my thirties . I have a lot planned . ( Pretty much the best line EVER ) 
Living humbly is not thinking less of yourself , but rather , thinking of yourself less . 
LOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOSTLOST !!!!!!!!!!! 
You know how I stop myself from doing something I might regret ? I buy myself a new video game ! Guess what ! I got a new video game today :) 
Just ordered his new tv ! Wootberries !!! 
I like 10-3 work shifts ... except the part where I have to get up at 9 am ... boo ... 4pm is when all the cool kids get up :) 
TV comes tomorrow !!! 
Hmm ... that is a really sharp knife ... 
JUST GOT MY NEW TV !!!! WOOTBERRIES !!!! 
Remodling my bathroom SUCKS ! 
Friend : < PROPMALE > ! You should be dead ! Me : I should be a lot of things ... 
Would you do that to another person if it took them one step closer to narcicism ? 
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone . 
Hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable . 
I just managed to get myself a job for the us census ... and they decided to make me the team leader ... Yay for better pay ! 
OMGOMG ! Stana Katic is in < PROPFIRST > bond . haha ... You keep getting better and better my dear :) 
Dancing with tears in my eyes ... 
Im dancing , with tears in my eyes ... Im fighting to get through the night ... 
I love sleep ... my life has a tendency to fall apart when I'm awake . 
You know when you are lonely when you get the best news in the world , and have no one to share it with . 
The cross around my neck doesnt prevent me from doing wrong , instead , the wrong I do , I cant forget ... 
imogen heap 
FFXIII and then bed ... 
is determined to have another kick ass day teaching enumerators :) 
Babe ... Oh babe ... if only you could see me now ... 
Finally got a new cell phone ... ( 715 ) 401 0750 . Put me in your contacts and text me your name and number . Thanks :) 
is happy that I got to talk to < PROPFEMALE > pretty much all day . Super fun . :) 
Im going to get a guard monkey and call him Furious < PROPFIRST > . :) 
From the moment I woke up this morning , I had a great day . :) 
Looking at some old pictures of myself makes me realize that I truly was a dweeb . :) IMMD 
Bleeding from my forehead ... Ow ... I fell down the stairs ... And for those of you that know why I'm usually a klutz ... Yeah ... It's the same reason this time . :/ 
Time for bed ... Enough chaos for one night . 
Haha ! I finally managed to download a bible onto my phone . :) 
Its really nice when I look in my wallet and realize that I dont even have enough money to fill up my gas tank ... and then look in my bank account and find $500 dollars magically placed in my bank account . * shrugs * I guess I did something right . 
Just got up ... My alarm clock sounded a lot like my mother this morning ... and went off about two hours before I set it ... :( 
I just walked back to my car in the parking lot and found myself thinking , ' Wow ... I did an amazing job parking . I should get a job parking < PROPMALE > peoples cars ... ' Then I realized that that job would suck . Haha 
I swear that potato oles are made with crack cocaine because I AM ADDICTED ! ( yum :D ) 
I have an idea .... just have to get the timing down perfectly ... haha 
I don't want to be normal ... It's not good enough for me ... I want to be different ... I want to be the guy you feel safe with . I want to be the one that won't hurt you ... I want to be exceptional ... 
Ok ... It either needs to be warm ... Or warm with tons of snow .... Not this cold crap . :/ 
Car is in the fix it shop ... and I am stuck at home ... Someone please save me !! 
Change of plans ... 
All my friends have put me on hold ... Aww ... Sad day ... ( Little do they know that I have ice cream :D ) 
Someone quick stop me ! I am thinking about getting a tan !!! 
YES !!! CENSUS WORK FINALLY CAME IN TODAY !!!! 
I need a dog . Walking by myself gets kinda lonely . :( 
Hymns of < PROPFEMALE > ... Pretty good ... Hymn like lyrics put to a heavy beat . 
Thinks I am going to go to town and get some ingrediants and make myself a really fancy meal ... Yes , I can cook . 
Watching Shrek 2 . Funny movie . :) 
Meeting tomorrow morning . Ugh ... Then a day full of Census work . Well , at least the pay will be good . :) 
If I asked you to dance , would you ? 
Going for a run in hodag park ... Ill have my phone but if you call or text , I probably wont answer . Maybe tomorrow will be better again . 
I thought about life today . Made me realize that I am a long way from where I want to be . 
All I needed to know is that I wasnt a mistake ... 
Ok ... Heres the deal . I have been looking at trials all wrong ... trials are like tests ... I love tests . So pretty much ive got this in the bag . ( Guess what ... todays another day of testing . :) ) 
Church today was pretty ... incredible . Kinda mad I had to miss the end of it to make it to work on time . Oh well . Still testing strong . 
He will use your strengths against you . And he did just that today . I guess getting attacked by satan means im going somewhat in the right direction . Still along way to go through the desert ... and I am no camel ... 
I guess only God's love lasts forever ... 
Just got recruited for choir . I guess that means Foursquare will be my home church for a while . haha 
Just got recruited for choir . I guess that means Foursquare will be my home church for a while . haha Kind of feel sorry for them :) 
Oh crud ... anyway to retract an e-filed tax form ? 
Another early morning meeting tomorrow ... Oh well . 
Ultimate Frisbee in Rhinelander ! All are welcome ! Please send me a message if you would be interested . 
Catch 22 ... I tell my parents the truth and a lot of people get hurt , or I just ignore it and keep a lot of people a lot happier . Secrets are such a pain to < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I wish I could sometimes be a real error 404 ... 
Meeting one is done . Time for lunch ! 
HAHA ! So there is an add on the side of my facebook that asks me to take a poll ... the question ? ' Worst place/time to get your period ' Did I miss something facebook didnt ? haha 
Dont wake me up to yell at me . It does not bode well for your safety Dad . 
Work may be the best part of my day . ( Well , lunch will be ) 
hmm . Pathetic 
Pretty much best birthday ... EVER . :) 
Wierd dream ... I had a dream that I was driving a red sports car with an unnamed female beside me . My parents were in front of me , but something terrible was going to happen if they got there first , so I gunned the engine on a hill , and FLEW OVER their car ... the best part was , everyone thought it was a normal way to drive . haha !! 
I suppose it's ok to tell you my birthday wish ... I wished you had a great day today . ( Yes , I'm talking to you . :) ) 
Why am I still awake ? 
Im broken . ( This is most certainly a pick up line that EVERY girl wants to hear , because all they want to do is fix us men . Isnt that how it works ? ;) ) 
It seems your problems don't all of a sudden get better when you turn 22 ... Dang ... Was kind of counting on it ... :P 
I love this part ... A dance of strategy ... One wrong step and not only do I lose friends , but I drive them apart as well . Its a good thing ive danced this dance before . :) 
Why do I love Cashews so much ? Because they are so loveable ! 
I have grown to enjoy my non existent love quadrangle . :) 
Feel like a monster ... 
S.L.E.E.P. 
Ultimate tonight will be around 60 degrees ... so bring a sweatshirt !! 
Pizza pie with T . Skin ! Then some ultimate with a lot of others ! Great afternoon/evening ! 
Prefection isn't just doing something perfectly .... But doing it at the perfect time as well . 
is going to wait for < PROPFEMALE > wars of the old republic . Not sure how its going to be compared to WoW but it is still over a year away . :) 
is going to see a military recruiter . 
Well , testing on thursday/friday and provided I pass , I will be in the navy . Oh the tangled web ... 
Well , I guess I get to workout with the navy recruiters and some special ops leaders ... Now they get to see how pathetic I am ... joyous ... 
Is going down to milwaukee for some Navy testing today through tomorrow . Good god how I love tests . Will make for a great preweekend ! 
Wootberries !!! I passed the first test ! Lets see if I can get through medical as well tomorrow . :) 
Been up for over an hour ... Getting pumped to pass medical . 
The wheel of my car almost fell off . The lug nuts snapped off ... That was quite an experience . Haha 
Why is it that the thing you < PROPFEMALE > most , is the one thing that consistantly eludes you ? I dont ask for much ... 
Wondering what I should do tonight . Hmm ... 
Wishing the next twenty years to fly by ... 
Just got sworn into the military . Wootberries !! 
Just got done battling monsters in epic battles ! We shouldnt have survived ... but we destroyed our enemies and will live to fight again next week . :) 
Taking one last test to get into the nuke program . If I can pass this beast , its all downhill from here . 
This monster I can no longer hide ... Just clawed it's way out from inside ... 
The < PROPMALE > of Detection . Great book so far . 
People dont seem to realize how much of an advantage I am to them as a friend . haha . Well , when your world falls apart , dont expect me to come rushing to your side to make it all better . I have a few friends that I would die for , but that list is quickly dwindling .... 
As the flames envelop my being , the last thing you will see is the twinkle in my eye . Then all will be still and silent as the cold slowly settles on your soul ... 
Best thing to say to a transvestite ... ' Body parts aren't like pokemon , you can't collect them all . ' :) 
I see without seeming to see , and watch even when I am looking away ... 
I've been in bed all morning and just found a tick that had just recently buried it's head in my side ... This is bad news for it seems ticks are willing to leave the tall grass in search of blood ... 
Saw so many skanks at work today ... made me laugh when their cleavage was as red and shiny as a new fire truck . :) Serves them right ! haha . ( Hopeing for some second degree blisters ... and yes , if you have sunburrned cleavage and are telling god ' You must hate me!' , he is nodding ans snickering to himself . haha AKA STOP BEING A SKANK !!! ) 
Somehow , all I needed was knowledge of evil to show me the path my life should take , but that knowledge will be my undoing . 
I had a great time last night . A sword fighting , arrow shotting , super smash bro's brawling , eating , drinking , WoW carding , ghosts in the graveyarding , capture the flagging , bubble bobbling , snacking , life story sharing kind of great evening . :) 
wants an escape . From what you ask ? From all the strange thoughts that plague my mind . I realize that people like me for them , but a break would be welcome ... 
Somewhere along the line I lost something . Ive become bitter for losing it . 
Likes the idea of being a hero ... however , the mastermind villian that knows when to smile for the camera is SO much more my style . 
My heart screams for you God . Where are your hands of healing ? Why can't the tears that fall from my face reduce the number that fall from my friends . Why can't my soul surround them in caring ? Why am I broken ? 
Watch change . Unexpected consequences . This is a bad idea . I continue to pray . Divine intervention needed . I've said what I can . Spoken to deaf ears . Discouraged . Will to fight dwindling . New resolve tomorrow . I hope . 
So ... This will be interesting . Fun , but who is paying the price ? 
Well ... Umm ... Emotional overload ... What just happened ? 
I wonder what is going to happen now ? 
The Halo Warthog ... You shoot , and Ill crash into things . :) 
So ... Im nervous today . Havent felt that feeling in a while . haha . Oh well . 
I had a wonderful night . 
Somewhere , a long time ago , a little bird whispered your name into my ear . For a long time , I had forgoten your name , but now , I cant seem to forget . :) 
I am happy today . 
Somewhere in the stars , I have lost pain ... Somewhere in the water , I have lost all regret , and somewhere on the beach , I have lost all control ... :) 
Once a criminal , always a criminal . <3 
I fail to see how relationships fall apart if both parties are willing to talk through their problems . Guys ! Open your mouths and say you are sorry ! Girls , shut your mouths so the guy has a < PROPMALE > to say he's sorry ! It's not that hard !! 
When life hands you lemons , get yourself a dose of nuclear power and blow those beasts sky high ... Or just disintegrate them . >:) 
They say it's impossible . They say that it can't work . They say that only pain will be the outcome ... I say you don't know my God . 
I am completely amazed . 
Every so often , I come across a verse in the bible that really puts me to shame . < PROPMALE > 2:6 -8 really tells me that I am a long ways away from where God wants me to be . My goal this week is to draw closer to him . The first step of my 4 month plan . 
I need a coach/ fitness partner . Sit ups , push ups , and running ! Cmon guys ! Let me know if you are interested . 
I almost broke today . I know its only been 4 days , but man ... its been a brutal 4 days . 3 more days ... 
Just wants to take a pillow and smash other people with pillows . Im ready to explode . haha 
Baling hay . * flex * 
21 and a half hours . 
Sunday is my new favorite day of the week . :) 
Exhausted ... 
When my feet hit the floor , an alarm goes off in hell . That's the man I strive to be . 
I haven't felt this broken and weak mentally in a long time . The worst part is I can't seem to shake it . Hmm ... 
I went for a run ... Chased a badger ... Got devoured by mosquitoes ... And wept ... Why is today so miserable even though nothing is out of the ordinary ? Why do I feel like I have no control over myself ? 
Today is going to be level . Thankful for the slight reprieve . 
Praying for your week bro . 
Me : I need a mailbox . Tony : What about a femalebox ? Me : ... Yeah , I would take one of thoe too . 
Friends from unusual points in life are becoming known to me now . Thank you everyone for your support through my interesting time in life . 
I don't know if I should hate you for hurting her , or thank you for leaving her ... 
Today is a good day . :) 
If I'm the best at something , doesn't that mean that I , in theory , know what I'm talking about in that subject ? Or did the rules change since I've been away ? 
Is so glad to have < PROPFIRST > Skinner as a friend . Alarms go off in Hell when you step onto the battle field my friend . And I am honored to know you before you become a legend . :) 
God continues to show me the extremes of christianity . It makes realize that law without love creates rebelion and love without law creates chaos . So in the end , it's a balance that will win people over to God . 
Just lost power . 
Sticks and stones may break my bones ... But pine needles and dirt act as incriminating evidence . ;) 
Risk . Everything . 
And so the dance begins ... :/ 
The Y has a challenge going to do an ironman streched over the month of sept ... I am going to participate ... But my goal is to do it in half the time . Wish me luck ! :) 
Really good workout at the Y today . ;) I am beginning to believe that I will be able to do the run for the navy ! Yay ! 
So I'm cleaning the bathroom and a guy walks in and straight away washes his hands . He then dries them off , walks over to the urinal , relieves himself and walks out the door . Really ? Time to disinfect the door handle again ... >_< 
Nier ... I don't think I will ever understand what you are about . 
When I work out in the gym , other girls may watch and compliment me , but they don't realize I am working out so hard to impress only you ... 
Im sick today . I have no energy and I feel like curling up into a little ball and going back to sleep . :( 
We are all invited to a dinner and we each bring an entree . I choose to bring happiness while others choose to bring hate . What are you bringing to the table ? 
My dad asked me what kind of debaucherous parties I was going to have while they are gone . Haha . This is one reason I dread having kids . I could never leave the house !!! Haha ;) 
Parents are gone for about two weeks . Time to kick back and relax . :) 
When I am home alone , I always sleep on the couch . I am not sure why . My bed is more comfy ... 
Good morning everyone . :) * puts up a do not disturb door hanger * Please let me relax in peace . Thanks ! :) 
I have to work today . That really ruins my vacation . Haha . :) 
I am leaving for boot camp in 13 days . 
Never thought I would ever willingly enter this store ... However , given the right motivation , I would do a lot of things ... Haha ;) 
I finished my last day of work with tears in my eyes . It's beginning to hit me how much I will miss some people when I leave ... :( 
The deer were out in force tonight . Good thing my ninja skills < PROPFEMALE > over to my driving too . :) 
Wow ... I leave tomorrow . The plan continues . 
My heart hurts like crazy tonight . 
Goodbye facebookers . I am going to be kicking nass and taking manes in boot camp ! :) See you in a couple months ! 
Dear God . Help me to stay strong in my beliefs and convictions . Help me to always have the energy and < PROPFEMALE > to help the hurting . Help me be mindful of what I am taught and help me be respetful at all times . Help me understand what I need to do and do it with confidence . Help those I am leaving and help those I am meeting . Please continue to overwhelm everyone with wisdom that only comes from you ... 
I'm now a sailor . Not much more to say . Besides the fact that I'm going to be spending the day in Chicago with the most wonderful person in the entire world . :) 
So what your saying is that it gets better with time ... Please tell me we are still talking about car insurance ... ;) 
At the Chicago Airport . Reminds me of times long ago . :) Anyway ... Flight is at 9 am ish ... Get to SC around noonish and will get to have only one roomate ( so much better than 80ish ) and will get to unpack and lay in bed when I want to and all that fun stuff . haha . :) ( OMG CHAIRS !!!! :) ) 
Skype ... beautiful . walker Look me up . :) 
Christmas lights just dont look right on palm trees ... 
I ... Cant ... Sleep ... > < 
Just wanting to say hello to everyone out there from South < PROPFEMALE > . I've been pretty busy preparing for a lot of inspections coming up , mandatory physical training and the start of heavy school work . This will not be easy , but my life never was a walk in the park . Its just the next thing . Anyway ! Ill catch you all later . Blessings ! :) 
Ugh ... Done with a beastly Physical Training session ... back into my dress uniform for some more classes on a Friday ! Well , at least its almost the weekend . :) 
Done for the weekend ! Hooya ! Time for some quality time with a book and another pb&j sandwich !! 
Ugh ... school is going to SUCK ! haha :) 
Hooya ! Despite my procrastination ... I got an elusive OUTSTANDING on my personal inspection . :) Hooya ! 
Back to school . One day at a time ... Then break !!! Wootberries !!!! 
Lunch is over ... back to class ... MATH ALL AFTERNOON !!!! WOOT !! 
Yay for lunch breaks . :) Well , math is tough , but I'm really beginning to enjoy my basic machinery class . Precision measuring devices today ! :) 3 hours of study hall at the end of school will really be helpful for me to prepare for the math exam tomorrow ! Plus the two mandatory hours of night study . haha ... Oh man ... so much studying ! :/ 
I just got turned away from the school building because according to the gate guard , I need to shave today ... I SHAVED THIS MORNING !!! GAH !!!! 
2 WEEKS PAID VACATION ! WOOTBERRIES !!! :D 
Sailors gather around their airport gates . Bodies and minds exhausted , but the joy of going home seems to keep them on their feet and pressing forward . An outsider looking in would see my face among them . I'm finally on my way home ... 
Going to class ... ugh . haha :) 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > Kuhn . 
Im super sick today . Pressure in my head is almost unbearable and my throat hurts when I swallow saliva . I havent even tried eating something solid yet but I just know that is going to kill . :( I hope this day goes quickly !!! 
Just got back from studying ... that was a long day . :) 
Lunch break over ... back to class !!! :) 
Hey everyone . I need to ask for your help in praying for a friend of mine . Times are tough and its really deciding to turn its cruel hand at him . I dont know whats going on but I know that its hurting him . Thanks 
Just ran a mile and a half in 10:43 . I dropped over a < PROPFEMALE > ute and broke the 10 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! :) 
Test today ! Eye of the Tiger ftw ! 
Just passed my phase up pfa . Finished my math class . Have passed all my tests thus far . Just have the inspection tomorrow and provided I pass that , I will phase up . Life is stressful but I seem to be pulling through . :) 
Is slowly building an army of nuke playing wow people ... I mean wow playing nuke people .... haha :) 
Im tired today . That test took a lot out of me ... going to get my results after lunch ... oh boy ... :/ 
Going in to school to do my night study watch . See you in a few hours . :) 
I iz < PROPFEMALE > tired ... 
Baby , you're a firework ... Meet me in the night sky where we can dance among the stars ... 
Another good test today . Even better than my last test . Only by . 01 but still ... :) Over all gpa is still on the rise :) 
Im in love ... 
Boom . 3.27 on my test ... passed room inspection ... passed physical readiness assessment ... passed personal inspection ... Phase 3 baby ! :D Civilian clothes are now authorized in the Galley ! WOOTBERRIES !!! 
Carissa : Your life makes me so sad ... \ 
Me : Ummm ... thanks babe ? 
Im sick again today . :( Boo 
Im so sick . I feel like walking death . 
sick sick sick sick sick ... Guess who is going to go to night study and be a blob ! ( This guy ! ) :( 
Aloha 
Saw an alligator chilling in the sun today . Pretty sweet . Going to buy some supplies at the mall . Ill be back later to talk to those that want to talk to me . :) 
So ... umm ... is it bad that ramen is cooking in my microwave and Im actually super pumped and excited for it to get done so I can eat it ? :D 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ... * peaceful sigh * 
I have a tough test today ... Its going to be rough , but Im going to give this my best shot . :/ 
Its so hard to get up this morning ... I just want to sleep !!!! 
Its the weekend !!!! 
Im sunburned . Oh joy ... 
Doing laundry is such a joy ! Folding laundry ... not so much ... :( 
Back to school to try and figure out what my instructor was talking about today ... This is going to be a bad day ... :( 
Ugh . I need to get more sleep at night . ugh 
I have to go to school . All day . And then some . Joy . 
Going to chow ... then studying for my test tomorrow ... Its a good thing I have a 0015 curfew or I might be tempted to stay in the school building all night ... :/ 
Throwing out my worry like liquid in a centrifugal pump . :) 
Mostly satisfied with today . 
Today for lunch , we had surf and turf . When I asked for my crab legs , the galley worker put the first one on my plate ... then she grabbed two more ... then two more ... and then another one ... Yeah ... 6 giant crab legs for lunch . Every one of them was at least a foot long . Best lunch at the galley ever ? I think so ... 
Sometimes I get sad because I cant post sad things as my status anymore because I have too many close friends that would ask me whats wrong ... :( 
Spent 5 hours studying today . Umm ... today is Saturday ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Kuhn , how did you capture my stubborn heart ? How did you break through the wall I had built around me to keep everyone out ? How did you find a way to make me fall in love when I was determined not to ? How can one person have such strong feelings about another ? How am I so lucky to have found one such as you ? Blessed to the extreme . I hope you have a great day , darling . 
' Im in the military ... I get video games before Japan even makes them!' < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > :D 
Going in to study ... Maybe ill grab chow first ... nah ... takes too much time . I have more pressing matters at hand ... Dear rickover , I guess you get to have me for a while tonight . :( 
I love the fact that when I get up at 6 am I am already an hour and a half late . haha . :) 
Good nights sleep ? Check . Breakfast ? Check . Doing well on test ? Pending . 
