Just got a facebook lol .. whats up guys ? :) 

damn . i like just made this thing an hour ago or some shit like that and ive already got a shit load of friends .. they werent joking when they said everyone has facebook lmao .. well guess i can be one of those people now .. well nite facebook world :) 
look my celebrity look a like :) 
im soooo tired .. but Leadership FieldTrip !! to highline .. so far . lol 
&& Today i Have 60 Days !!! :) Yayyyyy :) 
im soooo tired .. just woke up from a nap after the Jostens Leadership Conference .. Now on my way to go out to dinner with the famm to celebrate my 60 days . then a meeting :) 
i hate being sick :( gettin ready to go tanning tho :)) i straight love that ! 
Hey people on facebook . you should comment my celeb pics .. its crazy but i frekkin look like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !! is that a good thing or a bad thing lol ?? i dont know .. lol 
just got home from the doctors .. im sicky sick with the common cold ! couldn't have guessed myself ! 
What the Hell are people wearing to TOLO !!?? Somebody bless me with some ideas please ! 
stayed home sick today from skool :( butt im goin to a meetin later and goin shopping for tolo lol .. man fuck school . 
i need to get senior pictures done ! 
well bout to hop my ass into the shower . got a meeting to go to and then shoppin for tolo with the boy toy :) :) 
People .. you need to treat every person you meet with respect and dignity because everyone deserves that . if they didnt they wouldnt be on this planet .. you have no idea some of the things people have gone through in their life and its not your job to point those out and make them feel bad .. so for today . meet someone new and love people for who they are not what they are .. :) 
What is upp .. TGIF . ive got noon meeting . then 6th period pe . then workk at showare :) then midnight meeting ! 
Work Today @ my Photography :) 8:30 - 6:30 Thennn SweetHearts Dance :) Bout to Crack !! only $5 to get in . Thenns it < PROPFIRST > s Day !! && Ive got a < PROPFIRST > :) 
im < PROPFEMALE > sick of work right now :( ughhh . i want to leave 
just got home from a meeting . && shopping at < PROPFEMALE > Secret . Always gotta stay fitted :) you already know ;) 
wells about time for me to leave and go to Continuing Care :) Yay to sobriety :) 
Ill take you to the candyshop . ill let you spend all you got . thats right boy dont you stop . your just jealous cause < PROPFEMALE>'s hot :) 
HI :) 
at work work work .. workin both jobs today dont get off till eleven :) 
Hey . Hi . Hello whats good yo :) 
iM THE GiRl yOuR eX WiLl HaTe . tHe GiRl YoUr MOM wIlL lOvE . AnD tHe GiRl YoUlL WaNt To Be WiTh FOREVER .. lovin life with my boo :) 
Good Morning World ! :) 
Just got to work . from a looooong nite .. lol partied it up forr sure :) Clean tho !! you dont need alcohol to have fun !! 
why can someone make you feel so good . but at the same time make you feel so bad . i hate being locked up by my thoughts .. im going so crazy over this situation i cant even think straight .. am i worth it ? or not ? i dont know if ill ever know 
another day in the life of < PROPFEMALE > :) go ahead . be jealoussss 
last nite was fun :) people make me so happy . && im beyond grateful for being 91 days clean :) and if you don't know what that means then your not cool . 
its easy to get high . its hard to stay clean .. 93 . Days :) for with god nothing is impossible 
Theres an ish load of ocean shores pics . its just this dang facebok picture uploader is not working :( so i will continue laters 
At work . 9-6p , then babysitting overnight with my main squeeze 
at work . cant wait to get off :) its frekin < PROPFEMALE > outside ! and i wanna see my buttface :) 
I just quit my job of 2 & 1/2 years ! My photography Job ... i believe in my higher power to guide me where i need to go . :/ 
did pe makeup finally lol 
Camp Thunderbird Here I come ! Cabin B-2 Councelor :) 
Just got back from camp !! Super Drained .. But it was a blast ! lost my voice and all :) 
nite yall ! 
126 Days Clean . 
woke up on the wrong side of the bed . butt i can start my day over whenever i want . So as of right now . I just woke up (: its too < PROPFEMALE > to be mad . so im lovin life . 
Time for a new car bra !!! :) its ammmmmazzzing . im a ridda :) all black 18'chrome rims 99 acrua .. fitted . 
131 Days Cleannnn !!! Midnight meeting 1yr birthday ! Bring your favorite midnight Snack ! Be there or Be square ! :) 
gettin ready for skool . yeahhhhhh . 141 Days Clean manggg . 
I am so glad God Gave me a Family thats arms reach around the world !. I love all in my family (: NA is the only Way for me Today . 
ill have 5 months on Cinco De Mayo !! What a Celebration !! ( : 
i love Doodle Bug a.k.a Morganito a.k.a deranged and underage (: Shes straight all them things right there . Im so proud of your 18 months !! and 16 yrs old clean ! amazing ! 
i love my little < PROPFEMALE > . for those of you that dont know . its my carrrr (: 
NA is my life ! 
I luvvvv my sponsa mama ! and all my big sistahs ! ( : 
gonna finish tagging pictures later . Got Family dinner at red < PROPFIRST > . Then Senior Award Night ! mann cant believe im getting an award LMAO ! anywaysss . yupp . 
sometimes i wish i still had blonde hair :( < PROPFEMALE > needs to do my hair !! 
What should my female rapper name be ?? lol i need guidance here .. \ 
\ 
i like < PROPFEMALE > . 
For those of you wondering what my Little < PROPFEMALE > was . Now you can see . Shes a beauty . ( my car lol ) 
helllo world !! supp (: 
mi amor es mi papi (: DiDi 
Ughhhh . 
Its hard to watch things change when all you want is for them to stay the same . Its crazy when you want to let go , but you keep holding on , you want to move on , but your stuck . When you have things to say , but you don't know where to start . When you want them in your life so bad , but you can only push them away . Its so hard to think back how things used to be and look at it now and realize that things are different . 
getting ready to head to seattle for a Storm Game !! its been forever since i seen one of those . && thanks to the people in my life yesterday was amazinggg !! Yay to 6 Months Clean !! ( : & Pie of course ! 
you can call me < PROPFEMALE > Skittles . 
its fucking graduation time !!!!!!!!!!!! no more high school !! ( : 
sometimes facebook irritates the hell out of me . uploaded some pictures from graduation . there are still a few more but facebook doesnt want to work with me right now . so they will have to wait !! 
Whos lookin for a full time job ?? Working for Verizon ??? Talk to me !! You just have to be able to type at least 25wpm and pass a drug test !!. Hit me up people !! lets make some money ! ( : 
I gottt a tatttoooo (: Serenity braaa ! 
I start my job Tuesday !! :) Yay for future hahaha ! 
Hey facebook . im still alive :) 
Living drug free is my ambition . Its getting dirty so im cleaning out the kitchen . No ones getting in my way , they cant stomp my mission . This disease of addiction aint nothin but a condition . Ive got the intuition . So im stickin the key in the ignition . Drugs arent a way of life there just an addition . So stand up with me no longer are we wishin :) 
Just took the car to the shop . bout to be brand new ish ! :) && the jobs kooo :) i love the working life . 
You may not think that the world needs you , but it does . For you are unique , like no one that has ever been before or will come after . No one can speak with your smile or shine with your light . No one can take your place , for it is yours alone to fill . If you are not there to shine your light who knows how many travelors will lose their way as they try to pass by your empty place in the darkness . 
I love you vernalisa . 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there !! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really is . I cheri ... sh family & friendships . Thank you for being a part of my life ! 
im doing professtional pictures . so anoyone who needs some seriously good photography at a decent price . you come to me ! ( : 
it time to sit back and really do me . its time to work fulltime . go to school and keep up on my shitt . and nothings gonna get in my way . someday i wanna be somebody and that someday starts today . 
sometimes i sit back . and find myself asking why i have so many friends on facebook . 
Hold your head up gorgeous .. cause there are people that would kill to see you fall . 
i love my hubby (: D.S. 
sometimes i just sit back and wish i was 5 again where all that mattered was playing outside and playing with toys . i wishhh .... 
THE NAMES QUEENDINOSAUR . COME SEE ME ON THAT COD . GOT TO ROUND 11 JUST ME WITH ZOMBIES . ME&JICKJOHNSON ARE TRYING TO GET TO ROUND 15 . 
HAHA . COD . 
i dont want snoowwww :( lol but i guess its time to whip out the annihalator < PROPFIRST > ! its the < PROPFIRST > i just bought for $300 to drive in the winter .. i need help giving it a name .. my car is little < PROPFEMALE > .. but this < PROPFIRST > .. this < PROPFIRST > is hunky .. its mysterious .. and its blue .. give me some ideas people of facebook . i need ideas 
got the < PROPFIRST > all hooked up . You can call it ICEBERG | BURR | 
Lils bros birthday is around the corner . yay . 
aaahhh . hahaha . the only birthday that really matters is you know whoss . which is right around the corner . 20 days till im 19 ! Hope everyone leaves love on the page !! ( : 
TODAY IS THE DAY .. THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO HAS GIVEN ME BIRTHDAY LOVE ON MY < PROPFEMALE > !! WE ALL HAVE BEEN FRIENDS AT A ONE POINT IN THIS LIFE WERE LIVIN AND LOOK WERE ALL STILL CONNECTED THROUGH FACEBOOK ! THANKS EVERYONE I APPRECIATE IT (: LOVEEE YALL ! 19 !!! YAY (: 
Off to the troll in seattle (: its time for adventure ! 
Just got the druid two global . I think I just burnt a hole in my own pocket :o 
I love the way you make me feel :) 
I think im getting sick :( ohh well . At least I have a boy to keep me warm . 
Time to go to sleep and wake up tomorrow yet again and do the same thing all over again . \ 
Whose ready for a vacation ? I am . 
I love him . 
I think im bi-polar . Why did I wake up on time . Get to work on time for once in my life . & be in a great fucking mood . And now im depressed . For no reason . Wtf 
Sometimes life sucks . I wish nobody had to take anti-depressants .... 
My bestie is coming from newyork !!! I can't fucking wait ! I miss you ashhh ! :) 
We have reason to believe that man first walked up right to free his hands from masturbation . 
Just sleeping in with my man :) 
Facebook website officially shuts down march 15th . Guess people have to finally make real friends .. damn . 
Fuck this recession ! 
Catch a falling < PROPFEMALE > and put it in your pocket ... :) 
My bestfriend comes tomorrow !!!!! :) yayyyy ! got the day off && got an interview at bigfoot java :) 
Just had my interview :) I get the call back tomorrow ! 
I got the job ! :) big foot java here I come . 
I loveeeee himmmm :) la . La.la:) gotta love Saturday nights 
Happy Ground Hog Day everyone !!! :) hope we get an early summer ! 
I love my new job :) im addicted to coffee . Damn seattle 
Watchin Friday before work :) cause hey , its friday ! And what way to start the day lol . 
Just got home from Leavenworth . Talk about a drive ! < PROPFEMALE > k god I had my man to keep me awake :) off to work in an hour . come by Bigfoot want some coffffeee :) 
i keep having these crazy dreams that seem so real . and they always have the same people .. does this mean something ?? i miss my sponser so much . but at the same time i feel like something is holding me back . i feel stupid for the decisions i have made and i kinda feel like theres no way to go back ... 
going back to sleep until work tonight . graveyard shift . 10-4am . gotta love it . 
Is it 4am yet . Im ready to get off 
Im bored ... someone come and get coffee from me . Bigfoot java . 200Th and military :) next to shell right off the freeway 
Back at work . Who's ready for some coffee ! :) big foot java style ? Come get some ! lol 
Somebody bring me cigarettes !! Ill pay you . I need a . Newport :( 
Washington weather is Solo bipolar ! Really snow right now ! And for like 5 < PROPFEMALE > wtf 
God I love tips ! 
I get to go see her again :) thankyou god 
over at vls playing dj hero :) havin another great night 
Is it 4am yet ? Im ready to get off work ... 
Video games ruined my life . Luckily I have two more lives ! Lol 
Tell me why im still hiding and my dad left the house like ten < PROPFEMALE > ago . Is this ever gonna stop 
Im so bored at work .. someone come get coffee ! Big foot java :) ill make you a milk shake . Yummmm . Lol 
The law of attraction is the secret . Focus on what you want and you will attract positive people and things you want . 
I love my family . I am so thankful for everything and everyone I have in my life . If you never think negative how can you have a bad day ? :) 
Todays my one year anniversary with the boy that stole my heart the minute I met him :) its gonna be a good day 
I wish everyday was our one year :) I had such a great night . 
On my way to see me hubby :) 
Saw two dogs loose on the street . One almost got hit by a car going like 50mph ! So i got out of my car and ran the dogs and walked them back to the owners :) i didnt even think twice . Good deed for the day :) i hope if that happened to my dogs someone would do the same . 
What a great night :) with everything going on in the world . It makes me that much more thankful for all I have 
I love when girls with little boobs wear the expensive pushup bras or stuff there shit to look bigger . Mann that shit cracks me up ! 
If a boy doesn't like the way you look naturally then fuck him ! 
Getting ready to watch the Uw game at ravis :) let's go huskies :) 
Getting ready for work . Kinda tired :( guess ill have to drink some coffee ! :) 
Money on the mind . Hustling all the time . All about the paper cause a youngin on her grind ! :) ayyyyee 
Woke up feeling like shitt . Fattest migrane I've had in a while :( and I have work at 4 . And probably nobody's gonna text me back to work for me . Fml 
I love how people can call and text you when they need something . But the minute you finally need something nobody answers the phone ! This is making my headhurt 
Don't worry . When the aliens come were all gonna die anyways 
Work work work . Who's ready for coffee :) ?? 
bored bored and more bored . when does life get exciting ? 21 ? 
I hate the dmv . Especially on a < PROPFEMALE > day . 
Sleeping in with my hubby :) good morning so far . 
Kicking it at vics :) bday bbq . Then off to work :) 
I love my bestir < PROPFEMALE > morrow :) the only girl up at this time . Where its 2 hours ahead in her state . And will stay up to talk to me at work :))))) 
People , life & love mean way more to me then some green paper shitt . 
Oh my godd ! My stomach hurts soooo bad ! :( why can't I sleep :(( 
Im just going through my friends list and for most of them just thinking .. who are these people 
Goddamn crackheads . They never sleep ! 
At work . Ready to be off . Is it 4am yet ? Then I have to be back at noon . Who's ready for Sunday to be over ? I am 
Just woke up . Time for work till 10pm . Let's get this day goinnnn 
My feet hurt :( im ready to be off lol 
Goodmorning :) time to get new tabs . Hit the mechanic & & fill herrrr up :) 
I love my boyfriend :) why would there < PROPMALE > be any other boy on my mind . No one else is worth the time ! :) 
At Workk . Who needs coffee :)) Bigfoot java . Yummmm :) 
Just woke up im too tired for work , 
