I cut all my hair off ! 

Really blonde again with super short hair . Working on the project , then bed as soon as possible . 
nothing 
Justt got home from basketball , about to go running , then about come home to eatt then shower :) call with plans <3 :p 
5228390 :) I'm having a chill night . 
with avianna <3 
this is avii :) Georgie ;s cooking for the fammm like she's our motherr so I decided to do her status <3 I Love you Georgie :D 
Finishing up with my family , then Jonny and < PROPFIRST > are coming over to bring me ice cream and watch a movie with me . I love you Avianna <3 
Just got home from playing basketball . :) Call if you wantt . 
gymnastics at 10 probably . 
oversleptt . penalty run later :( 
beddd :) 
sick . 
waiting for the kids parents to pick them upp . Going to play basketball in a little bit with shiquanna , then running a 10K and then gymnastics , then babysitting until sunday nightt ... greatt :) 
finally home from babysitting , so tiredd . 
Hardcore facebook quizzing ! With CCC :D . Getting up early tomorrow for cross country . Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > and make her run with me <3 
goodnight <3 running in the morning :) 
not feeling good at all , long day : 0 Getting the phone tomorrow :D 
I have my phonee :) , Just got home from basketball . On here for a while then bed . Cross Country in the morning . Call mee <3 
Just got home from cross country . I quit gymnastics . I am so tired , and about to do some chores . Call with plans . :D 
Just got home from hanging out with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , tiredd . I'm getting a new old phone tomorrow :) If that makes sense . 
I have a phone now , call me :) 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s . Driving C : Call :p 
Went < PROPFIRST > picking with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Went about 500 different country places . Back at < PROPFEMALE > s eatingg :) Call . 
Just got home from running , ran into < PROPFEMALE>'s and tried to spoon with her . I've been kicked off the couch . :) Going to her hair appointment in a bitt . Call <3 
Reading Twilight , again . :) Basketball games later . Findlay all weekend . 
When life offers you a dream so far beyond any of your expectations , it's not reasonable to grieve when it comes to an end . -Twilight 
Ohh geeze twitter , myspace , and facebook are at their peek of the day . - < PROPFIRST > 
Laying out with Rachelle <3 
With < PROPFEMALE > probably , call me :) 
Well with < PROPFEMALE > of course <3 
Pittsburgh tomorrow for basketball :( Out tonight trying to do something reall fun with < PROPFEMALE > . Call us . Packing when I get home all nightt . Be home Thursday <3 
Leaving for Pittsburgh at 12 :[ 
Home from basketball in Pennsylvania . Cross Country Camp on Sundayy . With Amandaaa <3 
Leaving for cross country camp :( bye . 
A lot of heart problems today >:[ not planning on going anywhere . Crushers Game with < PROPFEMALE > and some guys tomorrow after church . Call < PROPFEMALE > if you mustt :) 
I've been in the hospital all day . Not feeling good at all . You can visit if you want or call . <3 
At < PROPMALE>'s with peoplee and < PROPFEMALE >:p Church in the morning . Call 4405228390 or < PROPFEMALE>'s phone 4405226117 :) 
Just got home from running in the HAIL , Lightning and RAIN ! Pasta Party with the cross country team . Big race tomorrow , come see us at the college ! I'm guessing the football game is canceled beince how the track is ruined !? Call me with plans ! I'll probably be with Amanduhhhhh :D 
Ehh , just got home from the racee . A lot of plans for todayy . None are falling throught though . Call me . 
No more cross country . Sometimes you have to \quit\ " because it's all you know you can do to save yourself from breaking . Mood : Heartbroken . " 
I want to run -Beyonce <3 
mood : heartbroken . 
Just got done running with < PROPMALE > . Doing crazyy homework . Call < PROPFEMALE > e and distract < PROPFEMALE > . 
Going on 4 hours of homework :[ 
with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > boggs <3 and BBBBBB 
Family party with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , call if you want to come :) 
Not feeling good . 
With Ciarra in a little bit . Doing whateverr . With Ciarra in the morningg , her uncles , then just a bunch of stuff . Callllll . 
Happpppppyyyy <3 
Just beat < PROPFEMALE > in 4 games of Halo ? About to take this game on as a serious sport/hobbie :DD Ehh working on my 25 < PROPFEMALE > essayy . I <3 schoollllll >:( 
Hi my name is < PROPFEMALE > and I just wooped on < PROPFEMALE > Kaurich in wii fitt . I had to sit on her and try to kill her in order to do so , but I still succeededd . P.S she's not that good at Halo . I almost beat her . Sexy guys should for sure hit her up because she finally leftt douchwad . 
Gott third out of 14 this morning . < PROPFEMALE > got secondd ! ( By one pointt -_-) About to go running with < PROPMALE > . Phone's broke again . 
Beauty rests in the eyes of the beholder . 
goodnight world <3 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > got in a car accidentt :( Just a really bad day . Phone's working now . 
Maybee running with < PROPMALE > Sochacki in a little bit . 2 essays to writee , Baleibaa I need helpp with that thinggggg . 
justt got homee , maybe with ccccc later :) call 
home , sick . call , visit . 
Just went out to eat with Ciarra and < PROPFEMALE > and picked up the kids . Home noww and I plan on staying in bed for days now :) 
With morgane and < PROPMALE > :) 
Crazzy night last nightt , so tiredd . Doing some homework , laundry , and then going to buy some stuff for school and make up . With Nate later maybe . :) Callllll <3 
Homework , more laundry , cleaning . Maybe with < PROPMALE > later , maybe with Rossifer later later :D 
They call her love . 
With < PROPFEMALE > right noww , wing night later ? Or with < PROPMALE > laterrr . 
You clearly don't know what you are talking about . The reason I got in trouble is because when Mr. Gillam saw me I put it in my locker and he knew . So honestly you need to stop being little brats . The kittens gone now and the reason I took it from you is because you don't need her because you're too mean and fake . Like seriously don't be saying stuff to me when you know absolutely nothing about what I was saying . 
My life is none of you crazy peoples buisness . 
We live in a world where being smart and beautiful just isn't enough anymore . Out with some people , Sochack's tonightt ? Good luck tonight boys ;) 
Camee home , not feeling good . In my sleepies and glasses drinking hot coco & reading my book ? 
How'd the football team do ? 
Drizzinking at Jimbo's<3 
Going for a nice cold run <3 Then spraypainttttingggg . 
In the last 24 hours I have learned that every good friend I thought I had is gone and the promise that meant the most to me has been broken . Heartache is only temporary , but < PROPFEMALE>'s a bitch . 
Going for a run with < PROPMALE > , reading The Time Travelers Wife , and then going to Derin's house to tell him my life and make him fix it . Happy Birthday Ciarra . I think girls with butts bigger then their entire body are highly unattractive :) 
In the car with < PROPFEMALE > and Derin , on our way to gymmmiiieeee . 
Going for a run :D , deciding on a song and practicing it , reading my wonderful book , then spending some much needed time with the familia . I'm doing very well without his FattieMcFatness :D 
Sickk , the only thing keeping me going is knowing that I get to go to basketball on tuesday :D Writing my paper -_- 
Trustworthiness is a moral value considered to be a virtue . A trustworthy person is someone in whom we can place our trust and rest assured that the trust will not be betrayed . Trustworthiness is now a trait almost impossible to find in a human beign . 
Wellington with < PROPFEMALE > <3 
Ohh boy . The drama in my life is going to sky-rocket tomorrow . I wish everyone would stop obsessing over my life . 
Crazy weekend , with < PROPFEMALE > . With < PROPMALE > and matttt later ? Out to eat later ? Call <3 
When I said I was in love with you , I didn't mean I was in love with who you were or who just might end up being . I meant I was in love with what you stood for at that very moment . Now when I look at you I find myself searching for the you I fell in love with , but she must have taken it from you . Now I fear you're going to be gone soon and I just might not ever get it back . 
Showering , movie with T . Click , call me with plans for later , later <3 
Somebody who loves you will always be worth more than somebody who needs you . 
food with jakee . 
5- 11:30 tonight 10 a . m-4 then 6-12 tomorrow . I've never dreaded a weekend this much in my life . I miss my sister :/ Everyone's in college :/ And if I made plans with you this weekend ... consider them cancled . Te amo , bye . 
Already latee , going in at 6 :) 
At workk , answering phones and such :) 
A wise girl kisses , but doesn't love . Listens , but doesn't believe . And leaves before she gets left . - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Give thanks for what you are now , and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow . ~ Fernanda Miramontes-Landeros 
Just be ordinary and nothing special . Eat your food , move your bowels , pass water , and when you're tired , go and lie down . The ignorant will laugh at me , but the wise will understand . ~ Bruce < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming home on Tuesday ! <3 Te Amo 
Me gustas tu 
On average , a person sleeps 7 hours a day , kisses 500 times a year , sneezes 17000 times in a lifetime , blinks 23040 times a day . So if you think about it , the average person spends roughly 12 years of their life with their eyes closed . When we close our eyes , we tend to open our hearts . So dream more , be with the one you love , and remember that if you ever can't see ... it's best to follow your heart . 
Wingg Night :D Class of 2009 is coming come , I've got a feeling that tonight's going to be a good night . :) 
It takes two to fight , and two to love . But the things in life that are promised to last , are the things we do as one . 
Someone once told me that life was tough , people were fake , love only happens once & not in high school , and that I can't change anyone .. only they can change themselves . That person is gone now , and it's times like these that I wish I would have understood it so long ago . 
Anyone wanna make plans tonightt ? :) 
Girls that feel obligated to say stuff about other girls on FACEBOOK are really cool ;) Starts with and R ! < PROPFEMALE > is just sooo darn cute <3 
Crazy night last night , head pain and possibly a broken nose and a bunch of jammed fingers . With B . Hard right now . With < PROPMALE > later . No phone . <3 I love&miss you , too . 
:( saddest day of my life . 
At < PROPFEMALE>'s getting ready for formal <3 
Reading my beautiful book , it's a beautiful day , and it is bound to be a beautiful night <3 
Out to dinner with my boyfriendsss :p Game ! It's an unstoppable love you can't resist < PROPFIRST > :) 
< PROPMALE>'s with people . Maybe the show with Darian and people . With < PROPFEMALE > later later tonight . Maybe with boob after whatever he's doing ? 
Today is the one day where we realize that the greatest gifts in life are the ones we take for granted all the other 364 days of the year . Happy Birthday Jesus . Eggnog <3 Finally with the family . 
PARTY WITH AVIANNA :D I love relations with puertoricans the food and rummiful drinks are amazing . 
Finally home . Whatta night :) 
Look for the girl with a broken smile , ask her if she wants to stay a while . She will be loved . 
The truth is there is no such thing as a utopia , no such thing as truth , and no such thing as reality . I know this because everyone has a different idea of a perfect world , the truth is a sad excuse for a lie , and reality is a figure of the imagination . 
A woman has only 3/4 the physical strength of a man , but a man only has 1/4 the soul strength of a woman . When a man really puts his heart out there and expect his woman to do the same , he needs to realize that she has a lot more to lose . 
\Beauty is nothing without intelligence . It's like a blown up bag of without the chips ; it's only appealing until you open it up and see nothing . \"- Georgie " 
Writing paper , stopping into work maybe , getting < PROPFEMALE > her birthday presant , then out to dinner with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
One shoe can change your life . - < PROPFEMALE > 
Utterly disgusted with humanity . 
I love you georgiegirl . -Your dapper sister . 
A sense of humor ... is needed armor . Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life . - < PROPMALE > Sidey 
Going for a quick run , showering , getting Taco < PROPFEMALE > with Teenie , tanning , then going to get new make-up . Probably will be home early because I'm tired . If anyone wants to go sledding tomorrow then to see The Lovely Bones , let me know :) 
Today , I made the hardest decission of my life . I let him go for real this time . For now on I refuse to come second after anyone , or < PROPMALE > someone that loves me for everything I just cannot be anymore . 
Beeen crying all day . About to go back to bed . 
Why am I acting like I actually need someone when I always am the one telling people they don't need anyone ? 
Sometimes you have to be who they want you to be at first to realize how important it is to be yourself . Because in the long-run , nobody is going to care what you have been all of your life , they'll care about who you became on your journey . 
Mephistopheles : You are in the end ... what you are . You can put on full-bottomed wigs with a million locks . You can put on stilts instead of your socks . You remain forever what you are . 
I think I'm about to be happy again . Him <3 
It's times like this that I get lost in the song , lifted by God , and high as a kite ;) 
So often we are told to grow up and move on , but it's just complicated to keep looking foward when you have three review mirrors that can take you right back to who you once were . I'm all about moving on , it's just that I don't want to keep going if what I was is who I'm supposed to be . 
Home from Church and Breakfast , about to go see The Lovely Bones in a little bit :) 
I don't have to be right . There's no power in empty passion . Lost the taste for the fight . Find the strength to be out of fashion . Everybody knows me . You're the one who won't hear my story . Give it to you for free . You're the man that won't share my < PROPFEMALE > . For once these words mean something so I can love again . 
Wing Night after track with < PROPFIRST > <3 
Maybe with < PROPFIRST > later , then with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . Biggies later later ? 
Boys are cheats and liars , they are such a big disgrace . They will tell you anything to get to second base . Baseball baseball , he thinks he's gonna score . If you let him go all the way then you are a whore . 
With < PROPFEMALE > <3 Birthday in 5 days :D 
The broken clock is a comfort . I am damaged at best , which you've already figured out . It's a broken heart that's still beating . So I'm holding on . I still see your friendship in my eyes , they're looking for purpose , they're still looking for life . 
It's not about what you want , it's about what you've got . I'm going to soak up the sun . I'm going to tell everyone to lighten up . 
You're someone I want , don't need . Someone I see , but don't dream about . Someone I love , but can live with out . 
I honestly do not care anymore . I'm done fighting for people that have nothing worth fighting for . 
Maybe I'm not the most beautiful girl in the world . Maybe I don't make all of the right decisions . But I'm sure that one day I am going to rise above the rest because at least I'm not trying to be something I'm not like most people are . I am who I am . So for others to sit there and judge just makes them hypocrites , and unlike them I'm looking forward to a brighter future in which they won't be involved . 
Three things I have learned from this , is that no matter who doesn't like me I am still going to have people who do and always will . I have learned that the people who talk shit are the ones that know nothing about who I am , and God doesn't let people in your life that are just going to end up ruining it . 
Beauty is when something truly shines when the rest of the world is glowing . 
I want to dye my hair blackkkk . 
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder . 
I believe that we're all born into the world knowing exactly what we want to say to one another , but never figure out how to say it . 
In what appears to be in front of you is only a reflection of something bigger standing right behind you . 
salty people : * 
WAAAAHHHHOOOOO <3 
Going to meet up with Mr. Frouder to talk about possible scholarships :D 
One day ... I want to be the most beautiful , colorful , visible girl in the world . Because being a transparent door mat just doesn't look good on me . 
Today God told me to hold on , but the satan came and stepped on my fingers so now I am just trying to figure out how long this fall is going to last . 
You don't have to be in love to make love . And you don't have to be at war to start a fight . 
What the tits is happening , why does Friday night suck right now ! 
Hold your own , know your name , and go your own way . 
I've finally decided to put myself before everyone else , and let the things go that once meant the most to me for something that could potentially mean more . 
< PROPFEMALE > Facemire`s hair ... rest in peace . 
Just got home from dinner and being shut down at dairy < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > . Breakfast with morgane tomorrow ! Track meet after school , then crocker park ! :) 
COMET RELAYS :D 
It's the way I find myself laying in bed at night and realize that the day was filled with activity and no accomplishments . It's the feeling of sadness rushing through me when I think of my life . I find myself missing the people who hurt me the most , and don't understand why . If I could be free , just for a day , I feel as if that night I would feel accomplished . 
It's like a drop in the ocean ; a change in the weather , I was praying that you and me might end up together . It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert , but I'm holding you closer than most . Heaven doesn't seem far away anymore . 
I am not afraid of what will become of me , but you should be . 
I miss the way things used to be . You keep saying this is the last time . You kissed me goodbye , I remember it clearly . So go ahead and show them that you love them more than me before it's too late . The curtain is closing , but this time ... not on me . 
You've all pretty much already made up your minds about me . You have all shaped me out to be someone I'm not . I used to be so infatuated with being the girl everyone liked and understood , but now that I see I'll never be who people expect . I'm working on starting from scratch ; being the person that I don't even have to try to be ... I am < PROPFEMALE > Kaurich and for now on , you have to earn a spot in my life <3 
PROMM stuff all day :D 
Someone sell me an ipod please :) 
Lebron ... MVP .... my ass . Shaq ... you suck . X and Varejao still love youu <3 
So we'll crawl until we can walk again , then we'll run until we're strong enough to jump , then we'll fly until there's no wind . 
Just got home from playing ultimate frisbee and basketball with a bunch of people . Getting ready then going to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > then going to xris's :D 
I think I could possibly have some of the shadiest friends ever . 
i love mia she is such an amazing friend what would i do without her :) <3 
Dinner with r . stemp , h . friss , and j . will <3 
We'll go our own ways and hopefully you'll remember the things I told you . Hopefully you understand that everything I said was with sincerity . A broken heart was not what I wanted from this , but I guess I've learned from it . I don't consider this a mistake ... I just wish the story didn't end this way . Because I'm still in love with the person who helped me write it . 
You're more than beautiful . You're more than wonderful . You're more than love . You're my life , and the way that you take that for granted ; will be my downfall . 
Going to see Iron Man 2 :D 
After two years of wondering what will happen and being hurt it's finally over . I will never go back to you . I promise . 
Surprisingly today your little attempts to talk to me where really easy to ignore . I thought it would be a lot harder than it is . This is the first day I have been happy in so long ... and it was without you :) 
I'm not going to settle for anything less then < PROPFEMALE > tale love for now on . I want the guy who sends me flowers and just makes me the happiest girl ever <3 
We'll hold hands , tell our secretes , and cry on one anothers shoulders . But the truth is , we won't fall in love . Because the first one that does .. always loses . 
Recently the only things I want to do are run , ride my bike , play hackie sack , play frisbee , play piano , or play pool <3 And I'm happy :D 
When I tell you I don't want to talk to you is when I need you to talk to me . Truth is ... I need you now more than ever and don't know how to tell you . 
Maybe I'm a little bit over my head , I came undone with the things he said . He's so funny in his bright red shirt . We were all in love and we all got hurt . 
If you're going to cheat ; cheat death . If you're going to lie ; Lye next to me for as long as you can . And if you're going to steal ; steal my heart and promise to never give it back . 
See the good in others- no matter how deep you have to look in order to see it . 
If anyone wants to go to chipotle with me and < PROPMALE > calll meee :) 
Bike ride with < PROPMALE > at 7 a.m , had lunch with < PROPFIRST > , 15 mile bike ride with < PROPMALE > , Bridge , & < PROPFIRST > , frisbee with < PROPMALE > , went to Chipotle with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > ! About to take a shower then read my beautiful book . Today was a wonderful st < PROPMALE > of the besttt summerr ever <3 Bringing in so much food for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! 
I didn't hear it then , but I hear it now . He was saying I love you ... every way he knew how . :( 
God made girls like her to save us from guys like him . 
Paranormal Activity with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Text me so I`m not so scaredddd . 
Uh that was classy . 
We have to laugh when told to be quiet . We love things that don't love us back . We reject things that were perfect . We are free to love , fail , and take risks . 
Nobody ever said the bad days would be this unbearable . 
Anyone who knows a damn thing , knows they know not a damn thing at all . 
We took our shoes off and threw them into the ocean . 
I don't like the person I've become anymore . 
I want someone I can be with every second of every day that I can be with forever <3 
I've decided to disappear . 
illinois </3 
I handed you the world , and then watched you spit in my face . We live in a world where the lovers never win . 
If you're wondering if I want you , too . I want you , too . So make your move , because don't have all night . 
I don't want to look back on my life and wish I would have smiled more , worried less , or tried harder . So I'm doing me forever . If it annoys you then so be it . 
This house is a place I will never come back to . Like my child hood ... it will be forgotten . 
I'm not over it , I'm just looking beyond it . 
My phone is supa lame . So getting ahold of me will be pretty difficult ;) Out for the whole night <3 
Outt on the boat with peoplee :) 
You seem quite shy , but you're oh so cute and I'm the kind of girl that would love to be yours if you would ask me to . So just take a < PROPMALE > and try to hold my hand . I swear I will never let go , so let me know if you'll be my man . We can stay together until hell starts to freeze . 
Don't hate a person over a selfish decision , love them for the things they did do for you . 
Staying home with my retainer , glasses , book , sweedish fish , and puppy . Mental Health Day . 
I don't believe in love anymore <3 
Nobody is cruel at heart . Even the most evil people we know have no intention to hurt us . They just don't realize how badly their words hurt . So forgive them . 
It's the feeling when you meet someone new and you feel like you have known them forever . It's inevitable , and you'll love every second of it . 
Don't sit around and wait for what you think you deserve to land in your lap , and don't use me as another excuse why you can't make it on your own . 
Whoever stole all my shit out of < PROPFIRST>'s car is a piece of shit . 
You can't let someone in when you're always looking out . 
Temper is the one thing you can't get rid of by losing it . 
I'm at OSU , < PROPFEMALE > Facemire is at Maumee Bay , and < PROPFEMALE > is in New York . My life is scattered everywhere right now :( 
My past has nothing to do with my mistakes I've made today . My mothers mistakes don't justify my mistakes either . People and past don't make a future , you do . 
There's a ghost in my house and it makes me want to cry . 
You're going to wish these days didn't go by so fast . 
Even though you hurt me and ripped me apart ... I hope you find happiness . 
When I get ready for bed at night and say my prayer , not once have I prayed for you to love me . I pray for the strength for me to like you . 
They used to just call me stubborn when I would stand out against the crowd , now they just call me ruthless . 
All you have to do is hug him , and hold him , and kiss him , and love him . 
Hello world . The amherst nazi has my phone , so I'm out with < PROPFEMALE > Mrazik , < PROPFIRST > Kalivoda , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Stempowski and other people if you need me . 
Let's all just stop calling it love ... Because if five year olds are saying they're in love then apparently the word has no meaning anymore . 
Isn't it ironic when the person you thought you would need the most ends up being the person who is actually there the least . 
I'm going to get a huge < PROPFIRST > and paint wild pictures all over it . Then I'm going to drive it to your house , serenade you , and take you out for a night on the town . Finally , you'll fall in love . 
Woah ... she has a hickey on her forehead . 
If they don't like who you are ... act like them for five minutes , and then they'll probably hate you . 
The fucking jello commertial just changed my life . 
Tell mom I'm sorry . Life's a party . I ain't ever growin ' up . 
Sometimes you've got to thank the bitch for taking him . 
< PROPFEMALE > Noskova is my bestfriend , totally righteous <3 
Questions of science , science and progress don't speak as loud as my heart . 
If you really knew me : You would know that I'm not always the happy person you see every single day . There hasn't been a night I haven't cried myself to sleep . Also , I need most of the people I've pushed away . 
It's times like these that I wish I had a boyfriend to make me soup and watch a movie with me . Not going into work tomorrow . Not feeling good at all . 
It's officialy 72 hours since I have slept . 
SO pissed off . People are so amazingly shitty , I don't have good friends . I'll be in bed for the next 5 days most likely so don't bother me unless I like you . Fuckk off bye . 
If I die before I wake , I swear to God these bitches are fake . And if it is my heart you take , let them know it's no longer here to break . 
Okay ... I thought I was really upset for a second ... then I looked at your picture and saw how ugly you really are , and everything is peachy again <3 
I have a date with soup , my book , my glasses , and my retainer . Calls would be nice :) 
Will dance for love . 
I never have money , I alwayss make a scene , I find it difficult to actually care , and I can beat you at things that all guys should be better at . You would be absolutely insane to date me , and that's the way I like it <3 
I'm with SHMEET <3 aka : < PROPFEMALE > Schmittle . If you're cool ... you'll like this :) 
Oh shmeet <3 Getting ready for what should be the best day ever : * 
day ruined . 
Hi . If I ever trust a guy again ... you have permission to punch me in the face . 
I kind of appreciate the people who have started all these horrible rumors about me . At the end of the day I realize that the people that are still there are the ones that know the truth and don't care what everyone else thinks . I'll never believe a rumor , just because I know how hurtful and incorrect they actually end up being . 
Did you know that it's impossible to bite someone on the forehead during a fight ? < PROPFEMALE > Facemire 
No love for you . 
Going for a run :) 
Day tomorrow : Waking up around 7 , going running . Then < PROPFEMALE > Noskova is coming over when she wakes up . Then Corissa Faria and < PROPMALE > Klein are coming over and we're going to the Amherst vs . Elyria football game . Then coming home and < PROPFIRST > Faria , < PROPFEMALE > , Corissa , < PROPMALE > , and other people are coming over because the parents are out of town :) Love you guys <3 
You have to remember that it's just as easy for someone to walk out of your life as it was for them to walk in ... 
I don't have friends or a life . How do you like that ;) 
I'm fun . You're not . You care . I don't . You'll hate . I'll love it . I'll laugh . You'll cry . I'll live forever , and everyday you'll die . 
Drive in tonight <3 
She's cold and she's cool , but she knows what she's after . 
With the uglies : * 
There's a time for change . It's different for everyone . Change isn't a choice , it's a gift . 
Well school tomorrow :/ My only focus is getting good grades the first nine weeks and then moving to < PROPMALE > forever <3 
If it doesn't drive you crazy then it's not worth your time . 
We're all out to better ourselves . Nobody else cares what you're going through . Don't let them fool you . It's life . Unscripted , untamed , and unkind . 
I heard that you have a new girl friend that looks like a boy friend I had back in February of last year . 
You've spent too much looking out . I've spent too much time by your side . One day I'm going to end up being the person you're looking out at , and it's too bad that I'll be out of reach . 
It's like when I see them I don't even know who they are . I spend my time anticipating whether or not I'm going to say hello or act like I didn't see them . I've done all I can to stay in touch , but communication is a two way street . Just say hello , even if you've done me wrong , I would welcome you with open arms . I guess in order to have friends ; you have to be one first . That's something I seem to forget . 
I like who you are better than who you're trying to be . <3 
I went from thinking about you everyday , to wondering what I saw in you . I've learned what a real friend is . I've learned that at this time in my life I don't need anyone . I've spent every moment studying , reading , learning , laughing , and focusing on enhancing myself . It's nice to have time to be who I am , instead of what I knew I couldn’t be . 
My street name is Captain Crunch , with a C . 
Put your hands up in the air , if you've longed for someone to care . If you've been labeled because of your hair . If you've ever seen a glare . It's time for you to share . 
Finishing up the homework I've been doing since 2:45 , then going on a seven mile run <3 
I cut my hair up to my ears , and it's going to be black tomorrow :) 
Hi my name is < PROPFEMALE > , and my life revolves around doing homework and running ! :p I can't wait to go out tomorrow for my besties birthday ! Going to get her the best birthday present ever in just a little bit :D Then playing C.O.D all evening ... and eating oranges ? 
I want love , too . I want that constant feeling that someone's there even when they're far away . I want someone I get butterflies around and always says what he feels . But when I told God that , he laughed and said that's not for you young lady , and told me life isn't about what you want . It's about what you deserve . I don't deserve you , but I'd sure like to be yours anyways :) 
Drove to < PROPMALE > to suprise < PROPFEMALE > in my new car <3 
If you fuck me over I'm going to show you what it's like to hurt . I've been treated like dirt before you . Love is evil , spell it backwards I'll show you . 
I do what I can with what I've got . 
I keep my expectations low . That way as soon as someone says or does something nice ; it feels like the worlds in the palm of my hands . Keep it simple , the world will never seize to surprise you , nor will it ever disappoint you . 
All I want is a guy to be my best friend , who I just might fall in love with . 
< PROPFEMALE > , you're so fresh :) 
Pregame , the wootbabywootwootahweekteeheehaa football game with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and Mick <3 
GO BUCKEYES ! Then .. GO COMETS SOCCER <3 
SUPERFREAKY . 
I swear to God , some people are just too cute <3 
Why are all girls being bitches today ? 
Maybe that's why I never know what to say to him , because not knowing how he feels is way better then finding out that he doesn't feel the same way . 
Okay I'm ready to try this love thing out . The next guy I get to know just might be the one . If you know me ... you know that this is a < PROPMALE > breakthrough . 
If you're leaving the Lorain county area in the next 24 hours ... I'm mad at you . 
Worst weekend of my life , I'll never be the same . 
I should probably bring a tiger to school this year so you all have something more interesting to talk about . I will be forever reckless . 
I'm not asking for someone to come and completely change my life . All I'm asking for is the occasional smile back that I'm always giving . 
Life isn't here to change you . You're here to change it . 
One day ... your cell phone won't exist , computers won't turn on , clothes will not match , money will not save you , and your looks won't mean a thing . You will lose the things you think mean the most to you , and you will finally realize they never mattered . The world wants us to listen , so one day the world will take it all away so you can hear what it has to say . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Kurtz says : you and me aint nothing but mammals ;) Just saying .. we could do it like they do on the discovery channel . 
Hanging out with the Scenesters . 
If I < PROPFEMALE > out with the biggest nerd in Elyria will that make me a ner , too ? With < PROPFEMALE > Klesta ... 
Rigor mortis is settling in on the giant elephant in the room . When he dies , he’ll fall over and smash us all . No big deal . 
Homeee . I'm over the party scene . Someone come watch a movie with me :) 
\When someone asks you to change throw em ' a nickel . \"" 
I love telling conceited people how ridicules they really are . 
Re-dying my hair breezybrowwwnn <3 
I've come to the conclusion that all guys I know are more dramatic and care more about what people think than any female I know . What happened to just hanging out and saying hi to whoever caught your eye . <3 
Okayyy . Soccer game tomorrow , and Football game Friday <3 Who's coming with me :) 
I'd give you the shoes off my feet , the air under my wings , the love in my heart . Not just you . Anyone who needed it , because that is who God wants me to be . 
Who wants to go to Chipotle before the game Friday <3 
I need a Guido . 
Change your life ? Nah man , I'll change your world . 
Okay , so I missed Jersey Shore last night because I went to get food with < PROPFEMALE > Schmittle , < PROPMALE > Cook , and < PROPFEMALE > Varouh last night . So tonight if someone says anything about the episode I think I might cry . Football game with < PROPFEMALE > Campana , < PROPFEMALE > White , and maybe Cooper Flocka Kamczyc . Sleepoverr with Emieeboo after <3 
Seniornightsoccer ! Then partypartyparty with the bestestes . 
It's one thing for someone not to like you ... But when the person risks getting in trouble just to talk about you and is constantly talking about you to everyone they come across , it turns into an obsession and it's just \ 
creepy . I officially have a stalker . 
U da booty call . 
Why spend your time hating someone when you could love them . 
I like who you are even when you're not trying to make me like you . 
Grabbin some grub with emmieboo baby bear <3 
I'm pretty much a priest going on my love life this past year . : * Das wassup . 
\The Bull : Hey 
Make me feel- like I'm the only girl in the world . 
Who wants to go see The Social Network tonight :) 
Off to OSU for the weekend . 
I cannot believe I still haven't seen the social network :( 
Happy sweetest day :) nobody I'm with realizes it's sweetest day and it's kind of depressing . 
Don't lose yourself , because I can't find you anymore . 
In what is good , there is bad . In what is the truth , there are lies . In all that you do , in all that you say , in the end ... it's just another day . 
It's the end of the world . Not karaoke night . 
It is not in the nature of man—nor of any living entity—to start out by giving up , by spitting in one’s own face and damning existence ; that requires a process of corruption whose rapidity differs from man to man . Some give up at the first touch of pressure ; some sell out ; some run down by imperceptible degrees and lose their fire , never knowing when or how they lose it . 
This just isn't me . 
You know something's weird when I'm the one having to pick my parents home from parties so they don't have to drive drunk . 
I hate how unoriginal people are . They'll steal you're deep thoughts , and then take credit as if they're their own . Develop your own personalities please . 
Homework , CHIPOTLE with < PROPFEMALE > Tomlinson . Hopefully not seeing < PROPFEMALE > Squires or Mia Haslage . Council meeting at 7:30 , the SOCCER GAME <3 
I for one am not satisfied . 
Rain Rain go away , that's what all my haters say .... yes . 
Just carved the most legit pumpkin ever with Jorden Strehle <3 Choir concert soon . 
Excuse me : Can you please hop off for a second ? 
Since when is being a dirty girl cute ? 
In high school many of us choose our friends around what we think our destinations will be . I feel as if now is when we realize that love is no longer found at recess , life is no longer unscripted , and friends are not going to be there forever . This is where we decide if we're going to be a low-life beat down pieces of trash , or accomplished well-rounded human beings . 
I promise to be a lady , ok . 
Let's bring it back . 
Don't be cruel to a heart that's true . 
All I want to do is have fun tonight . No trouble , no mistakes , just fun . 
Well , by 11:00 tonight I'll make the decision if I'm going to move or not . 
Go BROWNIES . 
One of the worst days of my life . Going home , getting in the warmest clothes I can find , watching a movie that makes my life look less depressing , then sleeping until tomorrow . 
I'm staying here . This is where my heart is , this is where my friends are . 
I'm the type of girl that would love to be yours if you'd ask me to . 
Just got in a car accident . How much worse could this week possibly get . 
No , you may not BEDAZZLE your pictures on Facebook . Take that shit back to Myspace . 
I'm looking for something different in all of the old places . 
I've been standing here . LOUD as can be . Can you hear me down there ? No , you can't , because you're too busy stabbing my knees . 
I need plans for later . :) 
A < PROPFEMALE > for my thoughts . No I'll sell them for a dollar . They're worth so much more after I'm a goner . Maybe then you'll hear the words I've been saying . Its funny how when you're dead people start li\ 
stening . 
Like this if you love meee <3 
Firelands is about to get a lot more fun :) 
i have no friends 
There comes a point in everyones life when they realize it's time for change . For me , this is that moment . 
Text me :) 4407878064 
Somebody I loved told me to never care for more than five minutes at a time .... I now realize I should have listened to him . 
I'll be single forever <3 
< PROPMALE > just let lizzy pnch him in the face bc he broke her phone ... Made my nightr . Gooodniight :) 
< PROPFIRST > St. Cloud :( Making me cry and stuff ... 
I'll be running . Running my whole life . I'll insist that it's what I want to do until someone proves that it's not . 
I feel like everyone's shooting from their knees these days because everything they say is a low blow . 
Life is 75 percent what's happening and 25 percent what might happen , 1 percent who you want to be and 99 percent who you are , and 100 percent happiness . 
Stop breaking my heart please . 
I did it myself , and that's why it's done . 
I'm sorry but I can't love a freak . 
If they're willing to hurt you once , they'll be willing to hurt you again . 
All I've ever learned from love is how to shoot somebody who out < PROPFIRST > me . 
Day 2 without sleep ? Whaaaaaat . Thanks < PROPFIRST > DeFilippo . 
Science only goes so far . Then comes God . 
Happiness is like a cold . Sometimes you just catch it , but then you wake up one morning and it's gone . 
Let me show you what you're twirkin ' with :) 
I'm forgetting old heart ache and making new memories . 
I like my beat down low , and my top let back . 
It's amazing how one person can make everything okay even when it's not . 
Bring that big broken heart over here and I'll whip out my crazy glue . 
\My baby calls me a dime but the crowd calls me a hundred dollaa < PROPMALE > . Where's is the love for real ? \"" 
It take a split second to react , a minute to decide , and an hour to conclude . But then it takes a lifetime to regret . 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . :) 
\Just don't do anything for anyone and don't care about anything . You're chances of getting hurt are slim to none . \"" 
I'm happy . 
Wooooo Go OSU ! 
Running : * 
Do not mess with what you don't understand . 
I'm the type of person who just doesn't care . I only want to have fun and if happiness lands somewhere on the way then I'll welcome it with open arms :) 
I only have bits and pieces of a family . For Christmas I want a whole one . 
\Imperfections give you character . \"" 
Yes . In this life you may have your cake and eat it , too . You may make your bed and not have to sleep in it . You may be whoever it is that you choose to be . 
Everything is going to be okay . 
Ghetto Blinged out name : Jazzie Amoretta . 
Maybe we aren't seeing the same things . Maybe the colors reflect differently in my eyes . I don't know what you consider the sky to look like . Just maybe my orange is your yellow . When I see a flaw you see perfection ? When I saw love you saw passion . To me passion's like a fire that slowly burns out , and to you love is an excuse to be foolish . One thing I can be sure that we both see , is the good that is meant to be . 
I'm just winging it . Always have , always will . 
I have a feeling I'll regret this ... Likee and I'll rate you -_- 
Baking a cake for my Dad's birthday ... Wish me luck :p 
F u Lebron . I'm looking forward to seeing you cry tonight . 
Mined you are < PROPMALE > bin nuss . 
At work ! Come get some foood ! 
Ohh , yeah I remember now why I don't like anyone ! 
You are beautiful . No matter who you are or what you have done . You are beautiful from your head to your toes . 
I'm holding you closer than most , because you are my heaven . 
Life's a joke and I'm just laughin ' . 
I still have not seen The Social Network :( 
Please don't give up . Someday someone will hear you . Peel off your fake layers until there's nothing but you streaming out of your heart . They won't have the option to not listen . 
I miss Gagiebaby ! <3 
Shit happens . 
I don't know what I'm doing anymore . 
I had all this time to create the perfect you and now I can't find the person I thought I created . 
I'll always be yours , even the days that I'm not . 
Text me if you want to go sledding tomorrow because I don't have anyones number :) 
Chipotle : * 
Bag , shag , and skadaddle . 
Wing Night tonight <3 
Be savvy baby , be savvy . - < PROPFIRST > I am . 
I've found love in every piece of my life . When I find myself dwelling over things , I think of all that I have in this life . Then everything turns out okay even when things don't go my way . 
You're not as young as you used to be , but not as old as your going to be . You're excuses of being too old to care and too young to know better are nonexistant . 
Hi life .. Please stop sucking for a few minutes . 
HAVE NO FEAR , GEORGIE'S HERE ! 
If you get hungry later come to < PROPFIRST>'s Family Restaurant and get some fooood :D I'll be there 3:30 until 8:30 :) 
Damn they don't make them like this anymore . I ask because I'm not sure . Does anybody make real shit anymore ? 
I say what ever I feel like saying and that's just who I am . 
Happy Birthday Jesus <3 
I am sitting next to < PROPFIRST > Foor and Klaus Miller watching < PROPMALE > Zemanek and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Kurtz play video games . <3 I LOVE < PROPMALE > :D & Klaus <3 
Today I stood back and watched my heart get shattered . I won't ever be the same . 
They're just trying to keep the girls off the pole and the guys off the pipe . 
Chicken noodle soup , the Obsession documentary , the Notebook , and no people . Just how I like it . 
I shouldn't have to tell you I need you , you should already be here . Yes that boy hurt me a long time ago , but he was always there when I needed him . 
Snowboarding at brandywine <3 
No matter how badly your heart wants it , you have to listen to your mind . Yes , it will hurt for a while , but when the pain eases your heart will understand . 
serendipity : good luck in making unexpected and fortunate discoveries . 
I don't feel anything . Pain has finally done me justice . No love , no happiness , and no anger . 
Love , like all good things , takes losing it to realize you were taking it for granted . 
You're going to catch a cold from all of the ice inside your soul . 
Nothing is more embarrassing than when you realize how immature your old friends really were , and made you be . 
My heart hurts everywhere . < Ö3 
I'd hate to be arrogant , but I'd like to believe that I deserve to be treated like gold . I won't settle for anything less anymore . 
I'm going to run the world from my throne of wonder . 
All I have ever wanted is a life of complete serenity . Can we all just be nice to one another and find peace in each others hearts ? Utopia is a smile away . 
Schedule for todow : Study for finals for 3 hours , go pay phone < PROPMALE > , go running and freeze my nads off . Study for finals for 2 hours . Feed myself . Study for finals for 1 hour . Sleep for eternity . 
Gage Widener has AIDS . Just saying . 
I just witnessed my mother use the shakeweight ... 
Last final ! Then coffee with my baby Lizzy <3 Then OU with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! & MAYBE < PROPFIRST > ! 
\Sober : The opposite of tonight . \ " - < PROPMALE > Waldon " 
You're either going to go out and have a great night , or you're going to sit at home wishing you were . 
If I can't have all of a guy , then I don't want any of him . 
I get lost in fantasy because nobody has ever showed me what's real . 
I am happy ... :D <- see 
I stand alone , that's why I'm successful . 
I miss my old life . Before I built these walls , I really was something . 
I looked at the glass , and saw it was half full . That's who I am , that's who I'll always be . 
You are who you are , that's enough . 
She has held on to thin air her whole life . Today she looked to see what she was actually holding onto , and once she saw nothing , she fell . Isn't that a weird way to look at life ? The things we hold onto could really be nothing . It's our imaginations keeping us alive . Even if nothing's there , sometimes it's just nice to not \ 
care . 
pawtyhawd . 
Yeah I am picky , and possibly a bit insecure . But when someone understands why , maybe , just maybe , I'll let them in . 
The age you are this year plus the year you were born always equals 111 . 
If you're willing to do anything for a person , you're not in love . You obviously just aren't very smart . 
At the gym with < PROPFEMALE > whooping her ass on the bike ... I mean footsie ... 
I find it extremely unrealistic and degrading when guys call me \baby \"" 
Jersey Shore with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > ( gay ) , and Justinnn ! :D 
If you haven't made someone smile yet today , then you're not being productive . 
If you're usure , let me go . Don't do me any favors , because I have too much love in my heart to sit on the sidelines and watch you play a game you don't love . 
I suppose facebook has put a little bit of creep in all of us ... 
Went to school , got my hair done , went tanning , got my nails done , went shopping , now at the gym , then getting subway :D I feel pampered for the first time ever 
28,865 more minutes until my birthday ! 
\Are you going to kiss me or not ? \"" 
Far from perfect and close to everyone is how I want to be . Free as a bird and as strong as Muhammad < PROPFIRST > . 
I've been in love already . Let's do something different . 
Yeah , you're cute . But don't let that shit go to your head . 
If he's not willing to catch you when you fall , then don't let him hold you when you're steady on the ground . 
Tonight , yes I will get it popppin ' <3 
Who goes to McDonald's at three in the morning after going hard all night at gets oatmeal ? < PROPFEMALE > Noskova . And I proudly escorted her there . 
I've seen better days , a brighter sun , and better luck . But without dark days like these , I wouldn't appreciate the better ones . 
I saved four lives already today :D 
BW3's tonightt : * 
I'm not happy , and I'm too young to feel this way . 
\Friends 
If you've texted me and I didn't answer it's because my phone is not working and I am not going to ever know that you texted me . Fantastic . 
I've got the gift of one liners and you've got the curse of the curves . 
I'm alive . 
This year : I hate < PROPFIRST>'s Day . 
I remember : before my friends started going to prison . Before I lost a friend to drug abuse . When I used to be able to call you on Saturday night and we’d be sober . I remember when we were all so innocent and longed to be at this age . Now all I want : my memories to turn back into my reality . I’ve changed , and I’m not satisfied . I guess that’s why we were given memories ; so we don’t forget who we really are . - < PROPFEMALE > . 
Off to OSU soon <3 With < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Rodriguez , < PROPFEMALE > Noskova , and < PROPFEMALE > Klesta . 
\Just image how we looked .... Stupid . And white . \"" 
Broken down on the side of thr road in the middle of nowhere . Worst birthday ever . 
Just the absolute worst day of my life . I wish this day would just end . 
Auditions for a boyfriend for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > being held tomorrow 1-5 at < PROPFEMALE>'s household . Bring a photo ID and a list of hobbies . 
< PROPFIRST>'s with someone special : * 
\There were 2 mice that fell in a bucket of cream . One gave up and quickly drown . The other kept struggling and eventually turned it to butter and crawled out . \"" 
Everytime I've judged a person and then actually got to know them , I've been wrong . I think every person brings something special to the table . Understand them . 
We'll pay for 90% of our parents mistakes , but they'll pay for 100% of ours . 
Saying “I love you” is like the story of the boy who cried wolf . If you keep on saying it and making people believe it ... one day you’ll actually mean it and nobody will believe you . 
I'd rather spend my whole life being invisible , than spend it trying to get noticed for all the wrong reasons . 
You have to let me in , or let me go . 
These days are going to fly by . Just hold on , it won't be like this for long . 
DAD . < PROPFEMALE > Bucci ! 
I will be something , someone . 
\I'm the type of girl that would love to be yours if you asked me to . \ " <3 " 
< PROPFEMALE > Bucci just stood up and started snapping her fingers and dancing to \If I Had Eyes\ " and I do not know what to do . " 
Either two people were mean to you , or two people told you the truth .... 
Being young and bored just isn't a good enough of an excuse anymore . I guess it never really was . 
\Where my boyfriend at \"" 
< PROPMALE > Turner : I'm going to miss talking to you every day when I'm leaving Mrs. Opel's class . I'll miss you making sure I'm up , and me teaching you to be nice . Most of all , I'll miss you . 
I'm not trying to be anyone because I know what being \someone\ " consists of around here . " 
BIG GIRLS YOU ARE BEAUTIFUL 
You taught me that in this life we can't trust what we don't understand , we have to take risks , and sometimes the most unexpected people will change our lives . < PROPMALE > Turner you will be in my prayers and forever in my heart . 
< PROPMALE > Turner ? < PROPFEMALE > Kaurich You're actually up too =p February 23 at 8:25 am · Like · Comment · Remove · Wall-to-Wall\ 
< PROPMALE > I'll miss this :( 
\I'm not going to < PROPMALE > you or play any games . I'm real and I'm looking for you to be the same . \"" 
Dear my grade , can we please all get close . 
Some give up at the first touch of pressure ; some sell out ; some run down by imperceptible degrees and lose their fire , never knowing when or how they lose it . Then all of these vanish in a swamp of their elders who tell them persistently that maturity consists of abandoning one’s mind ; security , of abandoning one’s values ; practicality , of losing self-esteem . 
Forget you ? You're already forgotten . 
Well tomorrow I'm deleting my facebook and possibly turning my phone off for a few days . People are unreal . 
I think that all men should automatically park towards the back of the parking lots when it rains like this . Us women are fragile . 
Today will be the hardest day of them all :( < PROPMALE > Turner <3 
Baby , you wouldn't last a second in my shoes . 
As we lay you down to sleep , I pray the Lord your soul to keep . And if I die before my time , I pray that you wait , and God sends us somewhere sublime . \ 
Jakee , forever young and free . <3 
If you can't be real , then get the fuck out of here . 
\YEAH you've all got amazing boyfriends and perfect lives ! COOOOL . \"" 
If you knew what my heart felt , you'd get so hot . Your insides would melt . 
Church with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > ! 
I guess all I can say is : hurt . 
If we decide who's going to be our friends solely on what we've heard ... we'll miss out on some of the greatest people in the world . 
You're not going to change the world by talking about someone . That's something you all do not understand ... but just maybe you can change someone's world by standing up for them . 
He's going to call just to let you know he's thinking about you . He's going to hold your hand in front of all of his friends . If someone's putting you down , he's going to stick up for you . He's going to come over when your tired and sleep all day with you . He's going to surprise you all the time . And you're going to love him with all of your heart . 
Settling for a boy when you could have a man is like settling for carrots when you can have pie .... It just doesn't make sense . 
My mother just cooked something unrecognizable , whoo wants to get dinner with me :) 
Yo yo like this and I'll tell you what I think about youuu : * 
< PROPFEMALE > Bucci is going free balling . 
To be with someone that makes you happy , even if it's just for a moment , could be all you really need . 
To be completely ridiculous , and someone to completely understand . Time's only making us older . 
Happier 
Facebook has become a place for the most hostile people in the world . Holy crap , stop bitching . 
A beautiful boy who puts a smile on the face of a girl ? Yeah , I've got that :) 
Sad all over again . 
Darker Blonde , or back to platinum blondee ? 
I am the happiest person in the world about this rain . Runningg ! 
I would never leave you , not even for a ticket to heaven . I would never hurt you , not even for a million beautiful things . 
\Never tell a lie when you can bullshit your way through \"" 
Pain is nothing . And I can't go another night feeling nothing . 
When I smile , I want to make you smile . 
Satisfaction comes not with the things you do , but with the risks you take . 
Well that was disappointing . 
I'm yours . 
I just realized I have nothing to do tonight .... Love you Amherst . 
We've mixed it all up . We've put the price tag of quality on the items of quantity . We forgot what we're livin ' for . We've forgotten the power of a smile and the quality of a kiss . If I were God , I wouldn't let us live . 
This piece of shit family is the main reason I've learned to walk alone . 
Butterflies don't belong in the stomach , and fire doesn't belong in the heart . And maybe I don't belong with you . But you make it all happen . 
Sad :( Sorry if I ruined our plans tonightt . Goodnight . 
Ok . I've talked myself into believing that my phone is not receiving texts this evening . Or it's national Don't Text < PROPFEMALE > Back Day ... 
Moving the fuck out , finally . 
Real friends shine for you when you run out of light . 
I just woke up and I'm so disappointed with myself . What a waste of a day :'( 
When you're on the Titanic you don't stop to yell at the iceberg , you lower the lifeboats . 
Like a drifter I was born to walk alone . 
You've got too many girls calling you baby , too many friends that I think maybe , and too much charm that has me going crazy . 
You don't know what you've got until you've missed what you lost . 
Family isn't about what you're born into , it's about the people who care for you when no one else does . I just want to thank my friends for becoming the family I've always wanted . 
When you live like this , you learn not to fear anything . 
A whole lot of woman needs a whole lot more . 
Promise me that if I cave in and leave myself open I won't be making a mistake . 
