is anyone that plays on farmville having trouble getting on ??? i got crops to harvest !!!!!!! 

thank you to all my wonderful farmville neighbors , i finally got my blue ribbon on neighbors .... 
wishing everybody a happy turkey day .. 
pulling an all-nighter so i can go shopping tomorrow and fight the crowd .. i can't go to sleep or i'll never get up at 3am .. 
at work , sooo tired and bored , want to goooo hommme ... 
wanting to wish everybody a happy and safe new year's .. hope 2010 is the best year yet !!! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BE SAFE AND HAVE FUN !!! 
RED 
well , we got snow !!!! and ice and it doesn't supposed to stop til Sunday ... hope its more snow than ice ... 
in the back seat the car 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? deserves ? a ? smack ? in ? the ? face ? with ? a ? SHOVEL ? 
to all my lovable farmville friends , i really need help with the horse stable .. i will return the favor ... 
What was the #1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 Billboard pop song .... Copy and paste 
If your daddy is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your daddy still with you , or if he has gone to be with the Lord , copy and paste this with his name : < PROPFIRST > Seger ( pops ) and < PROPFIRST > Forgach thank you for being the most incredible Dad a girl could ask for . * what can i say , i have two men in my life thats worthy of being that kind of daddy to me !! I am blessed !! 
to my farmville friends ... I need bricks and horseshoes !!! thanks so much y'all .. let me know what any one needs and i'll hook ya up ! 
i hope everybody is having a great superbowl time !!! Go Saints !! not really a Saints fan but really don't like the Colts ! 
thanks again to my farmville friends coming through for me with the stable ... now to my farm TOWN friends -- i really , really need fuel .. thanks to all .. 
Praying that Spring will come soon .. this cold and wind is getting to be too much .... 
*•.¸¸??¸.•* ¨*• ? Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? beautiful ? DAUGHTER ? in the ? world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? ¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* • . ¸¸ ?? 
to all my farmville friends -- please help with expanding my chicken coop .. i only had 3 people so far to help ... thanks y'all! 
not liking that today is monday !! 
To my farmville buddies , I am trying to expand my barn , PLEASE HELP !!!! thanks 
thanks to my wonderful farmville buddies ... my barn raising was a success !!! 
To all my farmville buddies , I'm trying to expand my storage ... Please HELP ! thanks 
Farmville buddies : I got another barn raising going on , please help ! thanks to all !!! 
I need some advice , and I'm reaching out to all my facebook friends . What do you all think of home schooling ? I'm doing my research and would love any and all opinions . Thanks for everything ! 
to all my farmville friends , I need 7 more friends to complete my barn raising ... PLEASE HELP !! also , this is the last upgrade i'll need .. lol 
its monday , UGH ... want to throw a fit and not go to work tonight ... 
gettin ready to take the kids to see < PROPMALE > jackson ... dont know what i got myself into ... lol 
A woman has amazing strengths . She can deal with stress and < PROPFEMALE > heavy burdens , she smiles when she feels like screaming , she sings when she feels like cryin , she cries when shes happy and laughs when shes afraid ; Her love is unconditional . There's only one thing wrong with her .. She forgets what she's worth .. 
TO ANYONE THAT PLAYS ON SOCIAL CITY : I got hooked and now i'm beggin for neighbors ... thanks everyone .. 
FIRST CONCERT YOU ATTENDED ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends first concert was . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your First Concert at the end of this sentence .... nickelback 
thanks to all the birthday wishes ! if you guys all only knew how much i needed them ... love you all !! 
DID YOU HEAR ? The government announced today that it's changing it's emblem from an eagle to a condom because it more accurately reflects their political stance . A condom allows for inflation , halts production , destroys the next generation , protects a bunch of dicks and gives you a sense of security wh ... ile you're actually being screwed 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday or sick pay , or even a day off , i work through the day and some of the night . I am underpaid and over worked ... now tell me your job is harder than mine .. Repost this if your a mom !!!! 
Before you were conceived , I wanted you . Before you were born , I loved you . Before you were here an hour old , I would have died for you . This is the miracle of life !!! Put this on your status , if you have a child you love more than life itself . ? ? 
I REALLY NEED FIVE MORE NEIGHBORS IN SOCIAL CITY , PLEASE !! If anyone out there is playing , please be my neighbor ! I cant expand without neighbors ... thanks so much ! 
HOW BOUT THOSE BLUE DEVILS !!!!!! 
If I came with a WARNING label , what would it say ? 
Just wanted to tell everyone HI , nothing left to say ! 
calgon , PLEASE TAKE ME AWAY !!! 
ANYONE HAVIN TROUBLE GETTIN ON SOCIAL CITY ??? 
I ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL !!! I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status . ...... I DARE YOU 
gotta love family !! heard the greatest news today ( at least for me ) .. i needed that pick-me-up !!! 
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMMIES .... 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could talk softly to her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . . PLEASE put on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence . 
why , oh why did Monday come so soon ... 
Right now there is a firefighter helping someone . A firefighter working all day and night so that u are safe . A firefighter missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it took for you to read this , firefighters all over the world are saving lives . It's firefighter Appreciation Week . Re-post if 
A friend will call you in jail . A good friend will come visit you in jail but your BEST FRIEND will be right beside in the cell saying \LETS DO THAT AGAIN ! \"" 
I guess today is D-Day ! I'll find out if I made the \layoff\ " cut later today .... " 
well i made the cut at work .. I still have a job ... yay ! Feel bad for the folks that will be missed .. Hope all will work out for them .. 
just got back from my < PROPMALE>'s wedding ... it was beautiful and i am very glad to see the couple so happy .. i promised some folks that i'd post pics , but that will have to wait .. i've been up for about 30 hours straight and starting to hallucinate .. just cant < PROPFEMALE > like i used to .. 
does anyone have any advice on teenage acne . My daughter is becoming a victim ! 
computer is back from the shop and it has freakin fast speed again ... yay !! the geek squad says that facebook , tweeter , and myspace are bad for givin you adware .. and the adware can slip through the cracks of your virus protection ... be careful everybody !! the geek squad fixed the cracks so i shouldnt get anymore ... gotta love the geeks ! 
I went to the County Fair . They had one of those \Believe it or not ? \ " Shows . They had a man born with a penis AND a brain . " 
I HOPE ALL THE DADDIES HAD A WONDERFUL FATHER'S DAY !!! 
If you're brave ... copy this into your status and see what people rate you :( 1 ) crazy ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable ( 6 ) clumsy ( 7 ) strong ( 8 ) dumb ( 9 ) spoiled ( 10 ) mouthy ( 11 ) wild ( 12 ) goofy ( 13 ) funny(14 ) awesomely awesome ( 15 ) amazing ( 16 ) beautiful ( 17 ) cute ( 18 ) drama < PROPFEMALE > ( 19 ) bestfriend ( 20 ) interesting 
ENJOYING MY TEN DAYS OFF WORK !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Never Alone ( Bipolar/BPD/Self-Harm/Depression/Anxiety Support ): Depression is not a sign \ 
of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too\ 
long . Put this as your status if you know someone who has or has had \ 
depression . Will you do it , and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it's mental health week and 1 in 4 of us will suffer , at some point in our lives 
Daughters\ 
will hold your hand for a little while .. but will hold your heart for a \ 
lifetime . Its \daughters week\ " . If you have a daughter or daughter's who\ 
I loved you the minute you were born , Then I saw your face and fell in love some more , You were only a minute old but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life ! I love my < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
If you have awonderful man , who isn't perfect , \ 
but is perfect for you , who works hard & would do anything for you , \ 
who makes you laugh and is your best friend , whom you want to grow old \ 
with ; who is your world & someone that you're thankful for every \ 
night , than post as your status . 
sad !!! mad !!! and Confused !! Devestated !! I dont understand !!! 
I have a mom who has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , saw me fail , cheered me on and kept me strong !!! Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever !!! I ? my mom !! Put this on your status if you love your Mom ! I LOVE you mom ;) !!!!!!!! 
All the Moms who traded their eyeliners for dark circles , Salon haircutsfor ponytails , Long showers for quick showers , Late nights for earlymornings , Designer bags for diaper bags and wouldn't change athing ..... Lets see how many Moms repost this . This is for those Moms who ... don't care about what YOU gave up ; inst ...... LOVE what they get in return . Repost this if you're a Mom and LOVE your kids ?? 
If ur talking behind my back ur in a great position to KISS MY ASS ! thanks < PROPFEMALE > 
TOUGHGIRLS come from NEW YORK , SWEET GIRLS come from TEXAS , PRISSY \ 
GIRLS come from CALIFORNIA , BUT we NORTH < PROPFEMALE > GIRLS have fire and \ 
ice in our blood ! We can ride four wheelers , be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw left \ 
hooks , pack heat , fish with the boys , bake a cake , love with a passion , \ 
and if ... we ... have ... an opinion YOU -KNOW- YOU'RE - GONN ... A HEAR IT !!! \ 
YOU BETCHA !! Repost if you're a NORTH < PROPFEMALE > GIRL 
DACHSHUND WEEK ON FACEBOOK ~ If you have a dachshund that you love and just \ 
brightens up your day post this as your status with their names .? I dont have a dachshund , but i have dachshunds for a brother and sister ... sunny and molly ... you are welcome , mom !! 
ohhh , i'm gonna catch hell at work tonight !!!!!!!!!! worked 8 hours last night and 12 hours tonight and ZERO sleep !!! and I mean ZERO !!! 
almost over with ...... 
For all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags , and WOULD NOT change a thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care about whatever they gave up , instead .. LOVE what they get in return . Repost this if you're a mom and LOVE your KIDS !! 
Woman are flexible angels . When someone breaks our wings ... We simply continue to fly ... On a broomstick : -- ) 
PROMISE TO MY\ 
CHILDREN : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you\ 
crazy , be your worst nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , \ 
hunt you down like a bloodhound til the day you understand why I do it . \ 
Then I will know you are a responsible adult . All because I LOVE\ 
...... YOU .... You will never find someone who Loves you & Cares about you\ 
more than I do ! See More 
I believe in Jesus Christ . One of my facebook friends challenged all believers to put this on their wall ... In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my father , at theGates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God you are not ... afraid to show it , repost this to your < PROPFEMALE > 
borrowed this ..... The 33 miners were found on the 33rd week of the year . It took them 33 days to drill the passage to them . The date is 10-13-10 which equals 33 . They all believe that God is the one who was with them through this and Jesus was crucified when He was 33 .... wOw ..... That's not a co-winkie-dink folks ! 
8 inches :( i know your pain < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Post when you became a mommy !!! October 29 , 1998-Alexis , August 13 , 2001-Andrew ... lovin my babies ! 
Make this your status if someone you know or someone you love is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is neither a disease nor a choice . People who are gay are not looking for a cure , but for acceptance and equal rights . 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ..? 
12 years ago today , i gave birth to the most beautiful baby girl in the world ... 12 years later , she's even more beautiful on the inside as well as the outside ... what would i have ever done without this precious child .. she might already be taller than me but she'll always be mama's baby girl and wouldnt change a thing about her .. shes my baby and best friend .. mama loves you , Ms. Lex ... and Happy Birthday !! 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . The other 7% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers 
MY HUSBAND RESCUED A GORGEOUS < PROPFEMALE > FROM A SLOW PAINFUL DEATH ( she was trapped in the siding of a building ) ... I ALREADY HAVE 3 CATS AND CANT KEEP HER ... SHE ( I think she's a she ) WAS EXTREMELY DEHYDRATED AND STARVING !!!! I AM TRYING TO NURSE HER BACK TO HEALTH .... SHE'S BEEN THROUGH A LOT AND NEEDS A GOOD HOME ... IF YOU OR SOMEONE YOU KNOW WOULD LIKE A SWEET < PROPFEMALE > .. PLEASE LET ME KNOW !!! SHE'S VERY FRIENDLY !! 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR SATUTS . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
Whatever you give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she'll give you a baby . Give her a house , she'll give you a home . Give her groceries , she'll give you a meal . Give her a smile and she will give you her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if you ... give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit !!! Real woman keep this going 
We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd Battalion5th Marines and their families . They are fighting it out in Afghanistanand have lost 9 marines in 4 days . Please re-post this . IT WOULD BENICE TO SEE ON EVERYONES WALL . God Bless Our Troops " 
Intelligence is the sexiest trait one can possess . If you can mentally turn someone on ... the body will naturally follow . 
Dear President Obama , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for military starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save much more money for our county ? While you're at it , lets cut down congressman's pay too . If people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why would we continue raising pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? Keep it going if you agree ! 
A pessimist sees the glass as half empty . A optimist sees the glass as half full . A realist just finishes the damn thing and refills it . 
WARNING PLEASE READ !! If someone comes to your front door and ask you to remove your clothes and dance with your arms in the air , DO NOT DO THIS . It is a scam , they just want to see you naked . please copy and paste this to your status . I wish i had received this yesterday , im feeling alittle stupid now . 
I watched you pass away , although I loved you dearly , I could not make\ 
you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hardworking hands at rest . Godbroke my heart to prove to me , that he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there's someone in Heaven that you miss everyday . Missing my Grandma !!!! Love You Always .. 
so tired of dealing with dumb , egocentric people !!!!!!!!! I need to get out of < PROPMALE > !!! 
Dont burn bridges ... you never know who will win the next big lottery ! 
Holidays are tough ....... I wish heaven had a phone .... so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today ... but that's nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence and often speak your name . All I have are memories and pictures in a frame ... repost if you have someone in heaven that you miss on earth ........ 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , December 6 , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but an invasion of memories ! This is for a campaign against violence to children . 
Daughters Week , so if you have a beautiful daughter that you love more \ 
than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . Your daughter \ 
will hold your hand for a little while , but she'll hold your heart for a\ 
lifetime . .. I love my Lexi-poo !! 
the whole changing your profile picture to your favourite cartoon char . was created by a group of pedophiles , beause if children see pictures of cartoon they will add them , it was currently on the programme- Internet Frauds and will apparently be on tv some time tonite , put this on your status to warn people and change your prifile picture back PLEASE PASS ON !!! 
found out this was just a hoax as well as doing it for child violence .. check the website thatsnonsense.com 
#69 .. i knew this was your number before you even sent it .. you are a beautiful person on the inside and out , i love being your friend .. and its never boring while you are around !! 
A person has 1000 wishes . A Soldier only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that dies , is a wounded warrior , or is fighting for your freedom please post ! God speed to the ones that can't be home this holiday . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy New year to all my facebook friends .. Hope the New year brings all your wishes and dreams . Maybe , just Maybe the New year will bring good things for me . I will always keep the faith and Never give up hope that good things are comming my way , and yours !! 
Tryin to figure this iPod touch out and the internet !!! Hoping that everybody is having a Christmas as good as mine ! 
Ok , first game of the year 2011 ! Leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the 4 letter of your 1name only 1 word . Then copy an paste so i can leave a word bout you . Lets Play 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born , I saw your face and fell in love some more . You weren't if a minute old , but I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around ... outside of your body ? Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life 
true friend doesn't care when you're broke , being a bitch , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with CRAZY people . Your conversations pick up where they left off , even if they have been months apart . They love you for who you are . Re-post if you have at ... least one true friend . They will know who they are and i love you for it !!! 
NITE , NITE FACEBOOKERS .... 
BEER , ALL THE WAY !!!!!!!! 
starting to see the light at the end of this never ending tunnel !!!!!!!!! 
GUESS WHO'S IN THE DOGHOUSE ???? 
I gotta learn some time management skills and quit procrastinating on FB !! I got too much to do !! I'm officially on the \donotwork\ " list for awhile and still dont feel like i have enough time in the day .. wtf ??? " 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you . I want all my fb friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours ..... fun ! 
Some people are just sooo moody and can put you in a bad mood !! i guess misery does love company !! gonna get off before i say something i really dont want to or might regret ! night , night facebookers .. 
soooo bored .... 
i would rather be hated for who i am than to be loved for who i am not ! 
back is killing me so i gotta lay down for awhile ... laters fb 
my 12 year daughter is cooking dinner with little supervision from me ( i'm chillin on the computer ) ... i am starting to reep the benefits of having kids ... yaaahoooo !!! 
Copy & paste this if your Grandma is in heaven . If roses grow in heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my grandma's arms & tell her they're from me . Tell her that I love & miss her , & when she turns to smile , place a kiss upon her cheek & hold her for a while . 
Parents think about their children day and night , no matter WHAT age they are . Parents love their children in a way that they will never understand . Parents will be there for their children when no one else will . Parents would take a bullet , jump in front of a train , or ask God to take them instead of their child . If you have a child/ ... children you love as much as I do , post this as your status 
TO ALL THOSE UNC FANS , YA'LL CAN BITE THE DEVILS !!! whooo , hoooo 
