Just so my friends on facebook know , at this time I can only chat sometimes . It's a Linux issue . Not ignoring anyone . 

My New Year resolution is to learn something new every day of 2011 . I know that is one that I can keep . 
I've got that song Crazy ( a suitable case for treatment ) by Nazareth running though my head today . 
All I really needed was some comic relief . Still chuckling . Leave it to my crazy friends and family to provide it . 
Have to stop looking out my kitchen window . Trying to swear off seeing in breds . 
True inbreds , add meth and you've got entertainment at the very least . I don't even live in a bad neighborhood . There's singing , there's dancing and enough lip stick for a clown . The problem is that there is no music or head sets . 
Did someone push the stupid button ? 
Guess I didn't need coffee after all . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Independant medical examiners for Washington State are nothing but paid hacks for insurance companies ! Always take a witness . 
Can you say Steilacoom ? 
Funny how a little thing like the DOC showing up can empty out a house full of tweekers , even though they didn't arrest anyone . At least we'll have one night of peace and quiet . 
I never did find the power button on my shovel . 
Growing tired of insurance company stall tactics . We sure wouldn't get away with these tactics when it comes to paying premiums . At least I know what game we are playing . 
I say to you my most slobbish but loved husband . Perhaps if you were more tidy you could find more things by yourself . 
When you get to what seems like a hopeless place in your life , hold on a minute longer . It is right at that point that the tide is beginning to turn . Clara Hinton 
I may be small , but I live on to fight even more battles ! 
\If you're idealistic 
Someone is driving me insane with this new craigslist freebie thing . The up side is that it will be a short drive . 
Pool is up and running for the heat wave that's coming ! The family ' harbor seals ' have already tested it out . 
My 53 year old husband just enrolled in College yesterday ! We're both pretty pumped about it ! 
DOC is over at my redneck tweeker neighbors house again . Wish they had the authority to demolish the whole house . 
Looks like I'll be running crisis control all week . It must be Monday . 
I swear I'm going to get that poor pitbull an umbrella hat . He blinks so hard in the rain , it's a wonder he can see . 
Started my day off listening to Three Little Birds by < PROPMALE > Marley . I had the pleasure of dancing on the beaches of Grand Turk with my grand daughter to this song . The lyrics , to me , are about being grateful . What a great way to start the day ! Thanks for the memory Alysaundra . 
We're just sitting around here waiting for that call to come help drag an elk out of the woods . Yum ! 
I feel like a wonder sloth today . Maybe it's the weather . 
Doing the dance of joy about the house after < PROPFIRST > went off to his first day of college . Now if only the phone would quit ringing . LOL 
Most senior student ( aka my husband ) had a long day at school and is in bed for the night . He's doing well though . 
Watching the tweakers across the street trying to to act like gangstas . All they are really accomplishing is giving me a laugh for the day . How the IQ points do plummet ! 
Weary of narcissism today . 
I hereby declare this household a Drama Free Zone ! 
What a perfect day for home made chili and crackling corn bread . 
Impatiently waiting for my first grandson to arrive . 
We had an earthquake a little before 8 this morning . Glad to know it wasn't the neighborhood tweekers blowing things up . 
My dogs are worse than little kids wanting to go in and out to play in the snow . I just want my coffee . 
Everyone is home from school today , including Most Senior Student . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my family & friends . I'm most thankful that I have what I need and for 3 healthy grandchildren ! 
Wow ! Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone . I got to see all three of my grandkids yesterday , so I'd call that a great birthday . : ) 
Beer 
I'm standing in solidarity with jobless workers today . Join me : http://bit.ly/frccBz 
Grandma's gumdrop cookies done ! 
Copious amounts of Brownies done ! 
I'm so proud of my husband ! He finally got his grades . A GPA of 4.0 . 
Slumber party tonight with my granddaughters ! We'll be attempting to watch the nutcracker ballet . 
Thinking of the Moms and Dads who had to work this Christmas . Particularly in the service industry . 
Yeah Saints ! 
Just chillin ' in Federal Way and hanging out with my nephew . He's a little disappointed that the snow is melting away . 
I try to think carefully before I post on facebook so that it does not offend any person on my friends list . I respect others religious and political views and if you know me , I have very clear opinions of my own . But I detest censorship , so those of you that always take what I post the wrong way , ( most of whom are viewing in a very back door way ) GET OVER YOUR5ELVES ! 
Having the family over to watch the Hawks game . If some of them can get up that early , that is . 
2 months . 
600 hours . J 
FULL BODY SHIVER ! I wish my neighbor did not feel the need to ' proudly ' display the lingerie that her brother most likely bought her for Christmas . 
Have something tedious that you don't want to do ? No worries . Your wife will be along to do it eventually . 
Can't wait for < PROPFIRST>'s gumbo tomorrow ! 
