Tried to snap his fingers with the same cheese that his hand was in . 

is bored . 
No really 
Is bored . SOMEONE TALK TO ME !!! 
Is Half asleep after < PROPFIRST>'s sleepover turned us all into zombies . 
Needs to change his profile picture . 
And he did ! 
is having a hard time with a poetry submission . UGH !!! 
is a little bored . just a little . 
shall now exit facebook for the time being . 
Everyone just STOP TAKING QUIZZES OK !!!! 
is getting ready for a sleepover at bradon's house . 
watched \War of the Worlds\ " last night . " 
is no longer hungry . 
Says Happy Fourth of July !!! 
was in a parade today . 
burnt his thumb setting off fireworks . 
is thinking . But you will never know what he is thinking ! 
is mad that guild of hereos ISN'T WORKING ANYMORE !!!!!! 
will not be doing anything on facebook for th next five minutes . 
is now back but will leave shortly . 
is wondering if anyone knows why GUILD OF HEROES WON'T WORK !!!!! 
wants a donut ! 
Just saw \Harry Potter and the Half blood Prince\ " a couple days ago . " 
JASHASMASHAGASHAWALLAWA ! 
says hey check out these videos we put on youtube ! 
Just got home from < PROPFIRST>'s sleepover party . Why do they call it a sleepover , if you never sleep ? 
is bored . Nothing seems to be happening ... 
is not feeling well . 
is feeling better today . 
has a twitch in his right eye , and it's really annoying ! 
Says that it's extremely hot outside ! 
says goodnight to all ! 
MOO !!!!!! 
It is a disgusting sandwich ... 
is hungry . 
Just got back from his cabin . 
Just got his braces off ! 
replaced his guitar strings last night . It sounds better than my old dead strings . 
tells < PROPFIRST > to STOP SQUIRTING ALL OF THE INNOCENT FACEBOOK DWELLERS !! 
just got his retainer . 
is tired ... 
is slightly amused by the dog attempting to destroy her toys . 
does not like his retainer . 
Is ecstatic about the Huskies beating USC ! 
just made a pizza from scratch and it was awesome ! 
is exited for the U-Dub game . 
doesn't like high school homework ! 
is playing crush the castle . 
tough game against Notra Dame ... :( 
wants to watch lost . 
Huskies are winning 14- 10 ! 
Did anyone see the Huskies Game ? 
Is starting on the third season of lost . 
has a sore throat . 
Turned out to be the bad guy at the mystery dinner . 
hasn't been on facebook in a while . 
got an iPod nano for his birthday ! 
\Make your own kind of music ! Sing your own special song ! \"" 
Is playing donkey kong with Conner Moulaison . 
is writing a report about school uniforms . 
Is getting a new X-Box 360 today ! 
Just saw \The Nutcracker\ " at the mount baker theater . It was awesome . " 
Finished LOST Season 5 last night . It was awesome ! One more season to go ! 
Watching LOTR extended edition . 
Is hiding in the bathroom of a trailer . 
Three of us were hiding in there a second ago . 
It's talking , < PROPFEMALE > ! The tree is talking ! 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! 
Well ... I'm back . 
Is wondering if anyone is here in the eleventh hour before school . 
says to look at yourself in your car mirror , you look epic . 
says \Do I have the strength to know how i'll go ? Can I find it inside to deal with what I shouldn't know ? \"" 
says \ St. Anger ' round my neck . He never gets respect . \"" 
says \I look out my window and see it's gone wrong . But court is in session and now I slam my gavel down ! \"" 
says \All the shots I take spit back at you . \"" 
says \Using what I want to get what you want . \"" 
says \Then the unnamed feeling comes alive . Then the unnamed feeling takes me away . \"" 
says \Purify ! Can't you help me ? Purify ! Won't you help me ? \"" 
just worked out his spring 2010 schedule . This semester will be easy . 
JUST WATCHED THE SEASON PREMIER OF LOST !!!!!!!!!!! THE FINAL SEASON !!!!! YAY !!!!! IF YOU DON'T ALREADY WATCH IT , GET ON BOARD !!!! 
Is sitting , doing nothing . Because you see , there really isn't much to do at a time like this . 
Is interested in obscure thrash metal bands . Has anyone heard of Artillery ? 
' s guitar pick is notched . He must have been rocking out a bit too hard ... 
Is rooting for the colts . GOOD LUCK INDIANAPOLIS !!!!! 
Is disappointed that the Colts lost . Too bad ... 
Is honestly trying to come up with a good status . Suggestions ? 
Seems to be tired all the time . 
says , my friends are all boring . 
Is awake , and waiting for everyone else to wake up . 
says \Goodbye everyone ! I'm off to school ! \"" 
Is doing Biology Homework . 
Watched AVATAR today . 
Is about ready to go to school . I hope I got all my homework done ! 
Is really tired right now ... 
Is going to go read now . 
Had a really laid back day today . 
Is updating his status just for the heck of it . 
Had way too much chocolate today . 
The Last person to comment on this after three hours has expired has to repost this to their status . 
Is off to a party . 
Needs to start reading LOTR now . 
We are the champions my friends ! 
is tired , and nobody seems to be awake . 
Thought that the last LOST episode was awesome ! 
is running out of clever ideas for statuses ! Of course this is a clever status ... 
likes his comfy chair . 
Is going to read now . 
says , Sudden death really is quite sudden . 
says , Closing ceremonies was kind of boring . 
Is not feeling well , :( 
Is going to leave for school soon . 
says even though I failed to show up for the governor's breakfast , thus missing Hitchhikers guide to the galaxy , I will watch it on youtube at home . \So long and thanks for all the fish . \"" 
is eating spaghetti and listening to Metallica . Life is good . 
Is going to do some homework now . 
Loves online games . \HEADSHOT ! \ " MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ! " 
' s retainer is broken ! 
Does anyone want to come over to my house ? 
Last call for if anyone wants to come to my house . 
Aw well ... 
says , you really get to know someone when they are half asleep . I'm feeling very epic right now , good night to every one ! 
Is tired from last night . 
Is leaving for school . Right now . 
Dealing out the agony within , charging hard and no one's gonna give in . Living on your knees , conformity , or dying on your feet for honesty . Inbred , our bodies work as one , bloody , but never cry submission . Following our instinct not a trend , go against the grain until the end . 
Is sore from running class . 
Is a Lost junkie . 
Looks down on those who do not like LOST ! 
Just finished making the movie ! 
Is leaving for the cabin , right now . 
wonders if some people get Rick-rolled in the middle of their dreams ? 
is going to write a report now . Wish me luck ! 
Next Tuesday is a < PROPFIRST > Episode on LOST !!!!!! 
: The most creative Facebook status maker in the world . 
Says goodnight to everyone ! 
doesn't drink coffee . He drinks tea . 
says hello to the world ! 
is watching the health care vote . 
Is watching Up . 
Hates it when he has a really clever status but nobody notices it . 
' s back hurts . 
< PROPFIRST > . PERIOD ! 
doesn't know where his iPod is ! :( 
Is learning \Don't stop believing\ " on guitar . Awesome song . " 
Just realized that he can't go on the train ride . 
Just realized that he had school on Friday . 
Needs his iPod ! He is having withdrawal symptoms ! 
had a really short day . He woke up at 1:00 this afternoon . 
' s favorite song is Damage Inc . 
Thinks that < PROPFIRST > Mikkelson needs to get a new profile picture . 
says , you have an Appendix in case of a Zombie Apocalypse . 
only has to wear his retainer at nighttime now ! 
Says that < PROPMALE > Campbell IS NOT MOVING TO CALIFORNIA !!! 
Good night everyone ! 
> : 4 8 15 16 23 42 EXECUTE 
Just watched the latest LOST episode . I love < PROPMALE > . 
Don't worry , be happy ! 
Doesn't know what to say . It's a moment in which I need to change my status , but I have no idea what to do ! Help me ! 
108 
Last day of spring break . I'm in for it . 
just got a crash course lesson on the effects of gravity . 
Had a crowbar fall on his head today . 
\Do you know who I am ? \ " \ " Of course I do . You're < PROPFIRST > Locke . \"" 
The danger must be growing , for the rowers keep on rowing , and they're certainly not showing any sign that they are slowing 
says , Corn starch feels really weird . 
Oh , somewhere in this favored land the sun is shining bright ; The band is playing somewhere , and somewhere hearts are light , And somewhere men are laughing , and somewhere children shout ; But there is no joy in Mudville - mighty < PROPFIRST > has struck out . 
Just belayed at the Bellingham YMCA . 
Is just ... I don't ... know ... I'm just ... ugh ... 
Has to read a couple LOTR chapters tonight . 
Is going to school pretty soon here . 
Is hungry . 
has to do Biology homework . I feel so trapped ... 
is exited for the airsoft party . 
Had an awesome time at the airsoft party . We finished watching Sherlock Holmes a few minutes ago , it was good . 
Had a long week ... glad it's the weekend . Wait ! The week has already started up again ! NO ! 
Is going to be MC at the talent show on Thursday . 
BIOLOGY HOMEWORK ! 
Wow , the talent show is tomorrow ... wow ... 
Had a fun time being MC at the talent show . 
Loves road trips , just saying . 
Family reading night at the YMCA , everyone is welcome ! 
THEY'RE TAKING THE HOBBITS TO ISENGARD !!!!! 
just woke up . I like weekends ... 
A man walks into a bar ... OUCH ! 
has only three days left before he goes to < PROPFEMALE > . 
Needs to read some LOTR now . 
OH . WOW . LOST ! 
Just got back from Capitol , I'm missing everyone already ! 
can't sleep . Been awake for nearly 18 hours and still can't sleep . 
feels very lazy today . 
Isn't feeling 100% ... 
wants to say hello to all his friends ! 
MSP testing today . Lucky me , I don't test this year ! 
likes < PROPFEMALE > garden . 
has to wake up in about seven hours . Might be doing some 5k walk today . 
is getting sleepy listening to Kill ' Em All . 
I HAVE TO READ FOUR LORD OF THE RINGS CHAPTERS BEFORE 2:30 TOMORROW ! 
Goodbye Facebook ! I'll see you tomorrow ! For now I must read my LOTR book . 
it's hard ... to stay ... awake ! Did not get enough sleep last night ! 
Why is the rum gone ? 
Well ... there was a last minute cancellation and now I'm going on the train ride to Seattle ... Tomorrow . 
is severely incapacitated right now . 
has had a long day . Got back from Seattle a couple hours ago , PERFECT ! Now the nightmare begins ... 
Goodbye everyone ! I am leaving for the Cabin and won't be back until Sunday . The LOST Series Finale event is on Sunday as well . I'm totally stoked . 
THE LOST SERIES FINALE IS TONIGHT ! 
\If we can't live together 
So many things are ending in my life right now . It's depressing . 
is pretty wasted today , went on a rant this afternoon about being stuck inside of a Blue Whale's heart . 
is very happy with the results of American Idol . 
Today is the last Thursday that I will be having school for a whole year . I should feel happy right ? I am sort of sad . 
Is going to the Choir concert soon . 
Is reading ' The Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy ' . 
likes making breakfast . 
is going Ice skating tomorrow . 
is done ice skating , and kind of spent . 
has a garbage bag in his pocket . He also might be waking up at six tomorrow to go to Desert Aire to look at some houses . 
Is excited for the last couple HC events . I have a Performance tomorrow , and the Picnic is on Tuesday . And I just realized that I still have to email Miss Agren a completely finished version of my essay that I didn't really finish in a satisfactory way . 
Is back from the presentation . Just one more event to go before I'm am free ! Well ... for the most part free ... okay slightly more free than before . 
Everybody seems to be thanking me because of my comments . 
feels some sort of emotion that he can't describe . Something like sadness but I'm not sad . 
Goodnight ... 
had fun with < PROPFIRST > beating Conner up in LOTR : Conquest . It helps when you're doing a two to one match . 
Just got back from Beachwood , It was awesome . The school year is finally over , I'm kind of sad about that . 
is not sure what his status actually is . How about , STATUS : ALIVE , UNARMED , NOT NECESSARILY DANGEROUS . 
I'm losing my mind ! Somebody talk to me ! 
is not hungry . 
is out of Altoids ... 
went to the Ferndale Farmer's market today . That was pretty cool . 
Game night . Too much Pizza . Too much soda , but altogether fun . 
Just found out that he is going to be singing at the concert tonight . 
Just had two policemen show up at his door asking if everything was alright over here . Apparently there have been some distress calls in the area . 
Just got back from the Youth group picnic thing . I had a lot of fun . I've never played Volleyball before but it is pretty awesome . 
I am alone ... 
Is very , very tired . 
had a lot of fun with < PROPFIRST > over at our house . We played lots of video games and created a LOTR Spoof ! 
is tired and sore . 
Happy Father's Day ! 
is working on an essay . 
is going on a 7 day excursion to the cabin tomorrow . 
Sometimes I really hate scrabble ! 
This is the last update I will post for seven days , goodbye facebook ! 
is at the Snohomish library , and they have WiFi ! 
is back . 
Watched \Cloverfield\ " and \ " Green Zone\ " last night . Pretty intense . " 
is going to eat breakfast soon . 
is clueless as to what his status really is . 
is sore . 
Somebody on Formspring just asked me if metal heads worshiped the devil . I feel sorry for whoever that was . 
thinks that at 1:08 everyday we should have a moment of silence for the ending of LOST . 
is confused that someone on formspring thinks he worships the devil . 
is hanging out with < PROPFIRST > today . 
made a movie with < PROPFIRST > while he was here . I directed it and I have to say , it is quite a disturbing masterpiece ! 
Happy Almost-Fourth-of-July ! 
Happy Independence day ! 
is doing nothing for 4th of July as far as he can see . 
is watching fireworks from his room . 
Had an 80's music night . Meaning we went on YouTube and found some 80's songs . 
wants to do something . 
washed a few cars today . It's really hot out ! 
has started watching \Terminator : The < PROPFEMALE > Connor Chronicles \"." 
is going to sleep now . 
finished watching the first season of Terminator : The < PROPFEMALE > Connor Chronicles . 
just got texting for his phone . My number is 360-312-8630 . If anyone feels like texting me or giving me their number , then that's awesome . 
has texting now . 
is having < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > over tomorrow . It is going to be fun . 
is really tired video games really late < PROPFEMALE > out thing with lots of friends halo wind tent creepy movie cleaned the rv after sleeping in it I slept on the floor even though I could've slept on a really soft bed guess I wanted to hear < PROPFIRST > on Melatonin which is very funny because he sounds sort of like this status except he was talking You know a lot of people would've stopped reading by now and you haven't THANK YOU ! 
is fine now . 
is excited I guess . 
is anticipating the trip to Sucia Island . 
just got back from Sucia Island and is extremely tired . Watched a bunch of < PROPFEMALE > Con Chrons and really hopes it hasn't been cancelled . 
Just finished watching < PROPFEMALE > Con Chrons . It's a pretty awesome show . 
wants a Ukulele that can summon Balrogs ! 
Indigenous Species ... 
finally is able to get on facebook after no power for a few days . 
just got his permit today . 
We are working on moving Grandma's stuff out of the house . 
Just got back from the amazing race . It was amazing . 
Just watched Inception . It was amazing . Definately worth watching . Best sci-fi movie I've ever seen . 
Is listening to music . 
is at the Cabin and is having to put up with dial up ... 
Is at the only place he has service at the cabin . We are heading home tomorrow morning . 
had a lot of fun at the American Idol Concert . 
just watched some videos for HALO Reach . It looks fun . 
May be going to Seattle in a moment . 
Is at the Harborview hospital in Seattle , been sitting in this waiting room for about 3 hours now . 
We are at Harborview Medical Center waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get out of Surgery . It will be at least four hours , will update when he gets out . 
Just had the longest day of his life . Went to Seattle , stayed in the waiting room for about three hours , got four hours of sleep , waited for another fiv 
e hours , and went home . 
< PROPFIRST>'s surgery went great . They have moved him back to intensive Care . 
is home right now , watching for updates . 
< PROPFIRST > is still in ICU , his temperature and heart rate are elevated , but they are getting better . He is still on a breathing tube because of the general stress that trauma causes to your lungs . 
is waiting for updates . 
So , it looks like < PROPFIRST > is in recovery . 
Went to < PROPFIRST>'s wedding today . It was fun . 
Is going to Seattle today . 
had fun at < PROPFIRST>'s house yesterday . 
< PROPFIRST > is finally off the Ventilator . 
A MESSAGE FOR YOUTHS INTERESTED IN WASHINGTON LEGISLATURE : Orientation meeting for Youth and Government is next Monday and I need to bring someone . Comment if you are at all interested . 
is using a < PROPFEMALE > computer . It's awesome . 
needs a suggestion for what Conner should eat . 
Hello , watch my double pepperoni video on Conner Moulaison's profile . 
Where's your crown < PROPMALE > Nothing ? 
is really , insanely tired right now . 
Is going to be sore tomorrow . 
Had fun at YAG . 
Just watched Troll 2 ... Worst movie on the planet . 
Is watching \Whose Line is it Anyway ? \ " The show where everything is made up and the points don't matter . " 
Is going to hurt tomorrow . 
Is running for Chair . 
Alias is here ! Yay ! 
HUSKIES WIN ! 
Has a tough Monologue to memorize by tomorrow . 
Is sore from yesterday . 
Is working on the most awesome forge map ever . 
My forge map ... IS COMPLETE ! 
Is Agent Wesson for the Mystery Dinner . 
Fun new ballroom . 
is updating his status . 
Is leaving for Driver's < PROPMALE > soon . 
My 16th birthday is tomorrow . 
I am now 16 . 
Thanks everyone for your birthday wishes ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
All the snow is gone ... =( 
QUE FIESTA ES ! 
Go Huskies ! 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a WSU fan . Being a Cougar fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . there is still no known cure for CFD ( Cougar Fan Disorder ) and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness ! 100% of UW fans will repost this simply because we know how to copy and paste , as well as tie our shoes . 
is going to Driver's < PROPMALE > soon . 
Kristmas Kombat is the greatest online game EVER ! 
Apple Cup ! 
EAT THAT WSU ! 
Thunder ! 
There was a double rainbow for a second there ! 
YAG in a bit . 
Just got back from Teaching Leg ! 
Snow ! 
Crackers and cheese ! 
Happy Holidays , everyone ! 
There's no place like home . Except maybe Arbys . 
Well ... It appears that Christmas < PROPFEMALE > has snuck up on me again . The devious little thing . 
Oh , wait . Christmas is in 20 minutes ... Cool . 
CHRISTMAS ! 
Wishes everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Is feeling very sick today . :( 
I've got a laptop ! 
Skeptical scrutiny is the means , in both science and religion , by which deep thoughts can be winnowed from deep nonsense . 
SNOW ! 
Just watched a fight break out at the Bellis Fair . 
Mr. Gorbachev , tear down this wall . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > 
Fun birthday party . Watched < PROPMALE > Potter today . Much better than the last one . 
Rams @ Seahawks ! 
Nice job Seattle ! 
Seattle is still ahead ! 
Dead birds . Hmm ... 
Is listening to his favorite song . He will watch some ALIAS later . Fun ! 
Go Seahawks ! 
YES ! SEAHAWKS AHEAD ! 
COME ON DEFENSE ! 
YES ! \ 
YES ! 
That's the ball game ! 
THE END . 
needs a new picture . 
Is anybody else feeling sick ? Gosh , people are dropping like flies ! 
So it's snowing ... 
Chicago next week . Good luck Hawks ! 
SNOW !! Well ... A little bit . 
Ah , Homework ... 
SNOW !!!!! LOTS OF SNOW !!! YES !!!!!!!!!!! 
Evil rain . 
Kind of just shocked myself . 
\Freedom is the victor . \"" 
Didn't know that I'd be speaking about my experiences with bullying today . It seems that I was . 
I was getting excited after that last touchdown . 
The Social Network was good . 
Well , it appears that there is some spam going around . 
\Without a real car I'm only half a man ... \"" 
I think I just wrote the longest sentence I've ever written in my entire life . 
The cripple requests more cookies ... 
Slow start today . Everyone is feeling at least a little under the weather . But we will be at school at noon . 
Is attempting to write an < PROPFEMALE > rap song . 
It's working ... Mwahahahahahaha ! 
IT IS FINISHED ! 
So ... Police are looking for a supposedly armed and dangerous criminal about half a mile north of our house . 
I believe they are trying to detain him right now . 
They have him in a barn . 
For now all is well . Still looking for updates . 
So I'm sleeping in my own room on the opposite wing of the house as everyone else only hours after hearing news that a crazy gunman is on the loose near my neighborhood . Should I be just a little scared about this ? 
Bacon cheese toast . Yum ! 
Has to wake up early tomorrow . 
I love school . 
Needs to wake up EARLY tomorrow . Like 6:30 . 
I am back ! 
I return a Committee Vice Chair . 
YES !!!!!!! GREEN BAY ! 
Just got some cavities filled . My mouth kinda hurts . 
I'm free ... 
Steak fries at Red < PROPFIRST > are bottomless . My stomach on the other hand is not . 
We are the champions , my facebook friends . 
Is at the < PROPFEMALE > in Semiahmoo . 
Remember Reach . 
Ice skating , Halo : Reach , Inception , Pizza , Three part < PROPFEMALE > , and an Alien Invasion . Sounds like a pretty awesome sleep over . 
Been feeling a bit under the weather for the past couple days . 
What the heck ? < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > isn't really < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? I don't believe it ! 
Home after an epic Airsoft battle , with plenty of welts to show for it . 
just did some serious working out . 
Nothing wrong with me ! 
I just feel some sort of obligation to update my status for everyone . So here it is . 
I thought I could enjoy sleeping in on Saturday . BUT NO ! We just HAVE to go walk a 5k tomorrow morning ! 
Just got back from the 2nd annual Pretty in Pink walk . Great weather for a 5k I must say . 
Just watched Toy Story 3 . I LOVED IT ! 
Happy Australian Labour Day ! 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . I am SO surviving this thing .. WE WILL DOMINATE ! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Gallant\ 
Corin Smith\ 
Kamal Nair\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Baker\ 
Nirmal A N Nair 
I'm going to be at the sportsplex ice skating rink at about 7:00 tonight . Does anyone want to meet me there ? 
I'm leaving for the sportsplex now . PLEASE ! I don't want to skate all by myself ! 
I am at the sportsplex and will be for about three hours . 
So I'm back from Ice skating ... for three hours . My feet hurt . Along with the rest of me . However my feet are most definitely- I AM DONE WITH THIS ! This was a bad status anyway ! I'm not going to continue writing it anymore , because my brain is making no sense . Goodnight ! 
Hamburger , hash browns , buffalo sauce , cheddar cheese spread , swiss cheese , all wrapped in a tortilla = EPIC WINNING . 
A nice cup of tea and a book . Lovely . 
I am tired . Why the heck am I posting this ? You don't care whether or not I am tired ! That is not the reason you got on Facebook ! \ 
Ahem ... I am tired . 
Well , the week is almost over . That makes me happy . This one went by pretty fast . 
I am happy that it is Friday . 
Madman on the loose . Just great . 
Listening to the police scanner with a list of codes in front of me . Fun . 
Is nonchalantly solving a murder . 
