Visiting my brother for New Years 

Being a senior is ftw 
reinstien is such an awesome teacher !! 
which movie should I see ? \Final Destination\ " or \ " Inglorious Bastards \"?" 
Does anyone know of good drivers < PROPMALE > schools ? 
is listening to \Our Truth\ " by Lacuna Coil " 
is writing a roommate ad . 
ahhh basic design is boring 
is done inking his basic design project 
is really bored and has nothing to do :( 
hates writing his senior project paper 
is bored and thinking what to do 
If you could be any Pokemon who would you be ? 
broke his phone 
is bored and needs something to do 
wishes he was out snowboarding right now 
Is bored and needs something to do with friends !!! Any suggestions ?? 
HAPPY NEWYEAR !!!!!!!!!! 
just got back from visiting my brother at Bosh Ba'hai School up in < PROPFEMALE > Cruiz 
Is wishing he could play a game of Arkam Horror 
Wants to be back up in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > to < PROPFEMALE > with brother and friends 
To all the Year of Service Youth up at Bosche keep up the good work you guys are awesome !!!, and < PROPFIRST > try not to do anything stupid that would wind up getting you hurt 
hates scratch boards 
has Mr. Reinstein's saying \Sin Y\ " stuck in his head " 
Can't wait for the school year to end 
thinks Obama's State of the Union speech was verry impressive 
Needs better things to do after school !!! 
hates Mrs. Schultz's Government class 
Anybody know how to solve Tan ? = ( 70/30) ? I'm completly lost on how to find theta 
open House was epic in Schultz's class . Just had to yell < PROPFIRST > and watch people pour into the room . And at the end < PROPFIRST > shared a cookie with everyone . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Happy Valintine's Day everyone . 
Any snow sports fans out there have any suggestions as to what kind of gear to get ? 
Thinks Eminem is probably the only good White Rapper 
Has no one to go to prom with 
Just bought two prom tickets ! 
Is currently searching for a group to rent a limo ride to prom 
Just came back from the mall , picking out his tux 
Hey , if you are going to prom and need to rent a tux , I've go tdiscout coupons . Just ask me and I will give you one . 
\The Diary\ " by Hollywood Undead totally describes me " 
Happy Easter Everyone 
Anyone planning on doing anything this week , i sure need something to do . lol 
Well it's official . I'm an Eagle Scout . 
Is planning on buying a paintball gun but doesnt know what kind to get . Any suggestions ? 
Bowling is so much fun 
I gave up being a vegetarian yesterday 
tomorrow im legal . awesome 
PROM !!!!!! I can't wait . It's going to be a blast ! 
Prom was awesome . sucks that it's over 
School days sure seem quite boring now . :/ wish they were better 
So what to do after high school idk . any suggestions ? 
Just got back from a dance show . Wow , is about all I can say . 
Gotta get away , gotta escape my fears . Gotta run not away to reality but to my dreams . Gotta reach high to the sky and show others how I fly . Dreams are a valuable thing , not to be wasted but achieved . Let not others tell you who you are , but to discover that amongst yourself and your dreams . 
Can't wait till grad night . 8 more days 
Just applied for Moorpark 
Calculus , what's it like . Cause I'm gunna sign up for it at moorpark 
Is bored out of his mind and is waiting to get his conformation of appling for Moorpark College . :( They are so slow right now it's pissing me off . 
Sooo bored . Don't know what to do , any suggestions ? 
Isn't love such a beautious thing ? 
Went to the < PROPFEMALE > Library today , and on Air Force One I asked the lady if I needed to put my cell phone on airplane mode XD hahaha such a great day . 
Just got back from senior awards night 
Congradulates everyone who got an award during awards night 
oh my gosh ! Reinstein's final was a bit confusing -__- 
So Grad night , Who all is going ? 
Grad Night was amazing , it was SOOOOOO FUUNNNN !!!!!!! 
Bored , got my house to myself , and I don't know what to do . What Should I do , suggestions people . :D 
ahhhh I'm bored and wanna do something :P ....... Most suggested thing I will do . XD so suggest something 
Sooo Ready for that BBQ tomorrow :) 
Reinstein is gunna have a bad day tomorrow lol cause I'm in his class 
BBQ was sooooo good , great day today :) 
I just got done shooting my french final project . I was so nervous . Being infront of the camera is harder than it seems . 
yeah , so i had to reshoot my video , cause i couldnt reformat the file from linear to digital :( ohhh well life goes on . 
Finals are done , school is over . time for college 
alright . grad practice today then graduation . awesome 
Ok , sso I try my graduation cap on and it doesn't exactly fit me well :/ 
How does an Iron work ? Someone please tell me cause I need to know how to use it . XD 
Okay , so I was thinking , why did they tell us to iron our grad gowns if they are made of plastic ? 
To all the graduates congrats on this bittersweet day . I will miss seeing you all in the awesome and powerful form , the class of 2010 . There are so many last hugs and pictures I wish I could have taken . I hope one day , our paths cross . May you all have the best of luck in the new college environment . I hope to keep in touch with all of you guys . You are the best . 805-624-0189 
Man , Pau Gasol rocked the Staples Center stadium in last night's game . 
Spent a whole day celebrating his father . Ate at < PROPFIRST>'s Crab Shack , good place , great food . Explored Ventura area , and ate ice cream at the end . 
Just got an ID and set up a checking account . Now to get a job . 
Strangly I crave sushi right now , and I am not even that hungry . lol 
says < 3 
after seing Pastrana jump a shifter cart into his foam pit , I so badly wana ride one . 
Does anyone know how I can get my final transcript ? 
After much consideration . I have decided , I shall become a pastry cheff !!! 
what is love ?... baby don't hurt me , don't hurt me , no more ..... baby don't hurt me , don't hurt me .. no more ....... 
I just made muffins . ^.^ sweet 
anybody going to moorpark want to take a tennis couse ? 
Ça va ? 
Can't wait for winter again . I need to go snowboarding badly . 
thinks he should take up bass guitar . :] 
Went to the dmv and failed the permit test and eye exam . makes me sad :( 
Got my eyes checked and got glasses today . :/ at least they are only for driving 
I got my permit :] 
first week of college is over , and I discovered that golfing is pretty hard . 
golfing seems to be getting easier so all I need is to keep practicing :] :] :] :] :] :] :] 
My calculus class starts in about 3.5 weeks . woohoo . I'm so stoked ... lol hardly 
What a tough weekend . Painting a garage is a lot more work than you think it is . lol 
So I am here at moorpark early ... < PROPFEMALE > bored and dont know what to do . :( 
First day of Calculus and I am already hating the class ... :( 
I need to tell Reinstien that Calculus is crazy 
somebody text me I'm bored 
Holy shit !!!!!! Three hours of learning about epsilons and deltas = one hell of a long time :/ 
today was a great day ! passed my pitch shot skills test and got better at my full swing . soon I'm gunna be hittin like a pro . 
The Squeeze Theorem is Amazing !!! 
I've been thinking , why doesn't < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > do any good senior pranks ? < PROPMALE > Get's a gorilla on their roof and we get stupid spoons stuck in the field . 
went driving today . Definitely getting better at it :) 
why ? why must you be 100+ degrees outside ? It is autume for cryin out loud ! 
Finally finished the long ass calculus homework I was assigned . damn that stuff takes forever 
Just ate my first meal of the day , :( there is seriously something wrong with me . that ain't normal 
skinned my hands and blistered them playing golf . :( wow that really sucks 
what's a good price to pay for golfing gloves ? 
So apparently rain qualifys as an excuse to cancel golf class lol 
nooooo why must it start to warm up again ? 
saw someone putting up a yes on prop 19 poster at moorpark . haha wonder how many people will vote yes on it ? 
Tuttie Fruitie is amazing :) 
Super Bored :( Maybe I should start filming stuff XD haha 
hhmmmmm what should I dress up as for Halloween ? Suggestions ? All are welcome :) 
curse you crappy hot weather . Already October and it's hotter than it should be outside :( 
getting really tired of homework . It is so gay -_- 
someone should through a halloween party 
almost that season again , Snowboarding ... I'm so stoked :) 
I am proud to say I don't have that little voice in my head that separates the ridiculously extreme from the ridiculously non courageous ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > guten morgen , guten morgen , guten moregen sonnenschein !!!!!!!!!!!! 
\LIKE\ " my status :) and I'll tell you 1 ) what I learned about you after looking at your wall for 13 seconds .. 2 ) what color you remind me of .. 3 ) my first memory of you .. 4 ) what animal you remind me of .. 5 ) ask you something I've always wondered about you .. 6 ) my favorite thing about you .. 7 ) I'll challenge YOU to repost this ! " 
New favorite music's SKA !!!! It's amazing 
what's up with these crappy weather patterns , why can't it just stay the same for at least one week ? 
on section 3.5 of my calculus homework , like 5 more sections to go and 63 problems remaining . test tomorrow . >:( FML 
bored as hell , why can't winter come already ? I can't take the waiting to shred down the mountains anymore :/ 
Damn , I've forgotten the password to my email account . I feel so stupid now :( 
Damn , boredom never seems to leave me alone :[ 
Saw three of my friends at work . XD hahaha I was totally surprised . 
Bord , bindings and boots all half off at five points skate and snowboard in ventura . what a steel . Go there if you want a board , 2787 East Main Street . 
Snow season is like about finally here !!!!!! sweet Can't wait to test my new board out :] :] :] :] :] :] :] :] :] 
anybody have an idea of what a reasonable price is for a pair of boarding goggles would be ? 
This damn snow season is taking too long to arrive . So tired of this crappy < PROPFEMALE > weather , but at least it looks like it's going to be decent this week and next week though :/ 
thinking of cutting my long hair off , who agrees I should do this ? 
Down with the < PROPMALE > for years about ten of ' em . recruiting suckers , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > and makin ' men of em ' 
Got a C on my Calc test , hell yeah !!!!! I just might not fail this stupid class after all 
gosh why must restringing a guitar be so freaking complicated !!!!!! :( 
great can't finish restringing my guitar cause tuner's broke , and the cable jacks are crap :( so not cool 
It's times like these we learn to live again , It's times like these we give and give again , It's times like these we learn to love again ! \ 
such a great song 
Who's a good English teacher at Moorpark ??? 
looks like next semester is full time student for me whoopty freakin doo :/ 
got myself a nice burn from the stove , cooking can be a bitch sometimes :/ 
Thanksgiving is getting closer , time to sit back eat hearty and watch football . LOVE IT !! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all !! 
Last Calc test before finals . Hahahaha I'm gunna Ace this test ! 
Passed my full swing skills test . FINALLY !!!! No just an easy final left and golf is over . 
Super bored . I need something to do . 
Been getting really weird ass calls by restricted < PROPFIRST > :/ and some how the people know my name . 
Each growing day , I am finding food to be less and less appealing . :( something about it makes me sick . 
Finally the semester is OVER . now it's time to relax 
too bad the rain stopped :( I was liking the nice break from the dry cold weather 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!! Make it a fantastic and Bitchin one !!! 
I really don't want go back to college yet . First time being a full time student . < PROPFEMALE > not stoked for this one . :( 
off to yet another class :/ shit this day just never seems to end 
je veux parler français en class de français . 
throwing < PROPMALE > pisses me off !!!! It's so damn hard !!! 
FINALLY this week is OVER !!! Shit it seemed so long . time to sit back and chill for a few days , then start the process over again . 
finally is getting the < PROPFEMALE > of ceramics . I could spend hours on hours throwing < PROPMALE > haha XD 
went into the ceramics lab today , made one more mug , and made a rattler . Had so much fun today :) 
Packers vs Steelers superbowl . this should be a good one . 
I have decided that from now on I will only eat low-fat foods . 
Homework sucks !!! 
Finished two mugs for class !!!! 
hell yes !! I have ceramics class tomorrow !!! I am so stoked !!! :D 
Superbowl this Sunday , can't wait to watch the Steelers win . 
Has no TV and does not want to miss the big game Sunday . Anybody wanna let me watch it with them ? 
PACKERS SUCK !!!!!!!!! >:( 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s day !!! 
got to class only to find out it had been canceled . :/ 
Just found out that Jam masta-jay was shot . that ain't cool !! :( 
Just bought a nice new pair of boarding goggles !!! 
Gotta love the rain in Cali . Nice to have a weather change once in a while . 
I really really hate college essays . :( They continue to suck more and more . 
Spring Break !! It's here . Have to party . 
Just found a bunch of my bro's CD's in the garage of bands I like ! time to put em on my ipod !!! 
Now has the albums Dookie , Recipe for Hate , All Ages , supernunknown and Turn The Radio Off on his iPod ! 
headphones broke :( only used twice and they broke ! what is with that ? 
What sucks worse than school is school papers for projects . Just finished one , one more to go . :( 
