Since I've lived in < PROPFEMALE>'s finest city I've noticed a few things . Primarily , the number of people who walk around in wheel chairs . Yes ... WALK in wheel chairs . They sit in the wheel chair and pull or push themselves with their legs . WTF . This has recently become something of interest to me ... I am going to go out and try to interview these people when I see them . 

I've decided to take a < PROPFEMALE > out of my friend's playbook . From now on when hobos or self proclaimed hip hop artists with blank disks approach me asking for change or to buy that disk we all know is blank , I will reply with the most random thing in the world . 
I hate Megavideo . Who the hell do they think they are ?! Honestly ... \You have watched 72 minutes of video today . Please wait 54 minutes or click here to access our premium membership ... \ " Do they really think there are no other places on the web to watch free video ! Thanks Megavideo for treating me like a child . I'll be sure to be in bed by 8 and say my prayers . " 
Ignorance is forgivable . Stupidity is condemnable . 
When there is a fundamental breakdown in the foundation of leadership , the cascading effect inevitably crushes the morale and undermines the welfare of subordinates . General Patton said , “Don't tell people how to do things . Tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results . ” It's been said that a good leader knows how to follow ... well damn , how can I lead if my leader won't let me ? 
Common sense isn't always good sense . Good sense isn't very common . If good sense were common sense , then common sense would be good . Remember that the next time you tell someone to use common sense and instead show them what good sense is . Clear direction is the foundation of effective leadership . You can quote me on that . 
3am wake up to head out ... Bummer 
I'm sitting here wondering ... first of all , why am I up at 11:58 still working ... and second , why the hell am I up at 11:59 adding to my wall !? Good night ! 
I want to take a nap . I'm so tired . 
So the ex wife decided she wanted an hour's worth of clarification on the final details of the divorce . I got a < PROPMALE > in the mail today for $259 after over a month since I paid my lawyer off . FML 
On base traffic violation : Free . \ 
E2 issuing citation to E5 : Priceless\ 
Never underestimate the power of contempt . :) 
Douchebaggery- ( noun ) The state or act of being , or operating in the capacity of , a douche bag . \ 
\ 
Not to be confused with douchenozzlery . \ 
The douche bag is aware of their actions and can function even if mostly in a way that degrades both personal social value and group social dynamics . The nozzle is constantly ignorant and shrouded in darkness , never aware of their impact to society . 
These ads are hilarious !!! \Meet wholesome Christian girls ! \ " and the image leaves little to the imagination ... sheltered lives lead to open fields of pluckable flowers ! Thank you Pastor Michaels ! " 
Toy Story 3 has such an epic intro . I LOVED that movie , especially the opening scene ! The monkies in a barrel nuke ?! Outstanding ! 
That's it ! I've had enough ! The only way to lower the stress levels here at work is to do what I've been suggesting all along ! Incorporate \Casual Sex Fridays\ " everyone wins ! " 
Had surgery scheduled to replace both arms ... one with a giant needle gun , the other with a huge paint roller .... doc said it wasn't possible unless I replaced my lower half with a power unit to the air compressor and electric sander on bionic legs . INSURV is getting serious .... 
It's a sad day in the Navy when sailors have to congratulate each other on being able to take leave . :( 
SERE Instructor duty ... that should be a good break from the norm . :) Nothin ' like learning how to teach downed aircrewmen how to survive , evade , resist and escape ! I like the prospect of it . 
Finally got one of those grocery carts that keep me from humping loads of groceries up 11 stories ... Sure theres an elevator but I don't like carrying all that shut in it while it stops 5 times on the way up . Maybe I should consider a delivery service . How pretentious of me . 
Up late relaxin with some Captain . Dinner with family tomorrow ! 
Drunk !! Finally . Lol 
I have been trying to get rid of the monstrosity of a bicycle on my balcony for months now ! Damn Craigslisters are too picky !! Shot . I'm just shy of dropping the price to free but I've invested too much into it ! 
I can always tell when I've hit that \just right\ " level of inebriation when I'm looking at stuff with one eye . " 
11 months to go . 
I find that usually I give myself the best advice . I am my own therapist ... how awesome . I suppose that's a good thing , because if I did want to seek professional help here ... well , let's just say they are less than professional . 
I've got L.A. on my mind . 
Back in SD ... yay . 
Some situations provide only two solutions : One - break down , give up and run , Two - Hold out long enough until the other guy does . I am a patient man with unshakable resolve . A draw is as good as a victory . 
Before I go to bed tonight ... one last thought ( and some of you know where I'm coming from ) . Some see the unemployment rate at 10 percent . Fools , close your eyes , take a deep breath and then look again ... the employment rate is 90 percent ! 
So ... facebook , the new home for random snippets of lyrics ... good night everyone . 
I discovered that motivation stems from a combination of two things : hope and carelessness . After hoping for so long I just stopped caring . Now I just look forward through tunneled vision . Works for me ! 
Another long day . Time for BK because I'm too tired to cook and some Netflix ... jeez , if that doesn't scream pitiful , I can't imagine what does . I sound like a newly single pregnant teen mother ... or a 30 year old career focused fashion intern . Either way ... damn . WTF happened to my social life ? Oh , yeah ... thanks Boxer ! 
I was going to jokingly state on my profile that I am in a relationship with USS Boxer ... but then I realized ... she's less that that ... Boxer and I are fuck buddies . I can always count on her to make a booty call every morning and fuck me all day . 
The countdown begins . Soon we will know if promises made are in fact empty ones . For the sake of my sanity and the mental and emotional wellbeing of my co-workers ... I hope so . < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue ... but it comes in finite quantities . 
I really hope the INSURV inspectors like those banners I made ... if not , we don't deploy ! Has everyone secured for sea ? Did we follow up ? Where's the resolution ? Who is taking the lead on deconflicting these issues ? Where the hell is PR2 ? 
... and ... yeah , they never even came in my shop ... I don't mind . < PROPFEMALE > , HERE I COME ! 
On the matter regarding open homosexual servicemembers , I say this to the politicians : If you want to talk about don't ask don't tell , if you want to talk about openly gay servicemembers then talk about it . Stop trying to sneak ammendments in where they don't belong , stop trying to wedge in unrelated policy into the < PROPMALE > , just talk about the issue at hand . 
I'm not sure how to feel about this ... home before sunset ? I need a minute to take it all in . 
Three days off ... what should I do ? Its been so long I think I've forgotten how to enjoy myself or even be social . This is weird and that is pathetic . 
Stock options ... I'm now obsessed with becoming an expert ... $$$ I always did love a good gamble . 
So my right eye lid twitches involuntarily now ... been going on for about just over a month ... I wonder when it will stop :( 
Work has put me behind schedule ! I need to catch up on my philosophy !! It's a good thing I really enjoy the subject . I'll breeze through the reading and then take two exams in preparation for mid-terms :D 
Did not achieve rank ... only 9.4 percent advancement . PTS Denied , only five looks left ... 
I wonder if I should cross rate ... 
I've been a zombie all day . 
There's that moment when you wake up from a very deep sleep and you still don't feel well rested . Your eyes are heavy and your head just won't stop swimming . You can't make any coherent thoughts and you barely have any control over head and eye movement . You can't speak properly and all you want to do is sleep ... that was me all day . 
Visiting the Reserve Recruiter today to see what my options are . 
- on eBuddy Mobile Messenger http://get.ebuddy.com 
- on www.ebuddy.com Web Messenger 
I find the purpose of having a facebook account completely defeated when someone puts up a picture of damn Goku or Batman as their identifier . I'm not looking for Goku or Batman . 
Everyone got an invite ... I hope . 
- on eBuddy for iPhone & iPod Touch www.ebuddy.com/iphone 
I can't imagine a world where I didn't want what I want as much as I want it . - on www.ebuddy.com Web Messenger 
Angry ! I selected Season 4 of The Office on Netflix and it started playing an episode . By the time the episode was over ... I discovered as I tried to go to the next episode ... that I HAD WATCHED THE LAST EPISODE OF SEASON 4 !!! Horse crap . I guess if I think of this from the eyes of Tarantino it could work ... 
Tweeting SDFG Entertainment status . Follow along ! 
Anxious ! Today I start my vacation . The end of the day cannot come fast enough ! 
Working on an intro jingle for my new show ! I need something catchy . I'll put it up when it's done . 
I'm willing to wager that I live to be over one hundred and twenty years old . Anyone who wants to take that bet feel free . If you survive as long as I do then you owe me the equivalent of three hundred dollars in US Chip Credits paid directly to the back of my hand . 
Live links ... call her now , she's been waiting for you ... specifically you and she's so lonely ... just pick up the phone and call her now or she'll have no one to talk to all night . She chose to stay in and do nothing on the weekend so she could talk to you on the phone . Pick up the phone and have some fun this weekend . Do it . 
Editing ... what an arduous task . - on www.ebuddy.com Web Messenger 
Editing ... what an arduous task . - on eBuddy for iPhone & iPod Touch www.ebuddy.com/iphone 
Editing ... what an arduous task . - on eBuddy Mobile Messenger http://get.ebuddy.com 
I passed a circle of hippies on my way to grab some < PROPFEMALE > n food . On my way to the < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Express I encountered a homeless woman feeding a sack of bread bits to a gang of birds . I wondered ... if she asked me for change later on my way back I would have to scold her ... \Why'd you throw all your bread away ? Do you think those birds really love you ? \"" 
I've done away with eBuddy . That program started blowing chunks as soon as I left it up for more than an hour in idle and ads started filling the very screen I should be typing in to send messages . I'll stick with MSN , it's my primary anyway . 
Just reached out to my first potential \No\ " . I'm very excited ! " 
I'm looking for No in all the wrong places ! 
Packers on the brain ! Soon to be NFC Champs ! 
Just switched my desktop image . Packers ! 
The Family Day Cruise proved to be a success . I'm sure everyone who brought family into town will be taking advantage of having them here for the weekend . I wonder if any of them developed their sea legs since the ship did get to listing a bit . 
WEST COAST MOVEMENT PRODUCT EXPO !!! \ 
Come get some FREE samples of workout supplements , energy drinks , skin care , cosmetics ... etc ! \ 
Saturday , < PROPFIRST > 29th from 12-4pm \ 
< PROPMALE > Garden Inn \ 
17240 < PROPMALE > Center Dr\ 
San < PROPMALE > ( East ) , CA 92128 
If I do half the things I think I should and a fraction of what I know I should , I know I'll be at least ten times as successful as twice as many people I know ... so why not do all the things I think I should and everything I know I should so that I can be at least twice as successful as ten times as many people I know ? Get motivated ! 
Car is fixed ! Now I just need to wash it . That will have to wait until I get back . 
Okay ... I was away for about a week . I couldn't get on facebook so I came online as soon as I came home and I had soooo many posts ! Thank you ! To everyone ! I look forward to another year , an extended opportunity to make this life the best I can make it ! You guys are great ! 
< PROPFEMALE > computers had to send me a replacement product because the Alienware laptop was not in the box I received from the company ... but on the upside , I get the replacement today at 3pm . Hurry FedEx ! 
I'm using Layers and it rocks ! Check it out at http://www.layers.com 
You'll find my faith in the reality of my own future very satisfying . 
Windows ... still kind of a headache ... but I'm glad to be a PC again . Nothing against < PROPMALE > ... I just needed fewer compatability issues . 
Coronado condo on the beach sounds just peachy . 
Clear your mind of abstract thoughts . If you can't , I will . 
Back , back , down , back , down , forward , B . 
The problems of man are manmade . They can be solved by man . - President < PROPFIRST > Kennedy 
Grape JUICE ? WTF is JUICE ? I want grape DRINK ! Gimme some of that purple stuff . 
North African body odor , much like that of the Middle East , has a very distinct smell . 
Home sweet home . :D 
- on my mobile with eBuddy www.ebuddy.com/android 
Three continents , four countries and three states later ... I need sleep . 
Live long and prosper ! - on my mobile with eBuddy www.ebuddy.com/android 
The least sensical thing any organization can do is demand an environment of fostering growth and the development of others but create an environment where in everyone has to look out for their own best interest . 
Wanted to go running this morning ... can't do that when I forgot my running shoes on the ship . New shoes today ! 
