You make me wanna beat you with a snowball :| 

ugh , when you know things you don't want to know it sucks :| expecially when people's feelings are on the line . 
wow he really got me nothing ... surprising 
I'm officially at a low point 
Chillin at the boyfriends . :[ Sorry < PROPFEMALE > , I'll make it up to you . Promise <3 
Where is my mister right ? I got a message . You're late >;[ 
someone want to talk ? My mind is trapped . 
Thanks for making me be a fighter . I'm glad I learned this now rather then later , and I've wanted to say this for awhile . FUCK everyone else , it's all about me now . <3 
going to bed . but not really , so text me ! :D 2715249 
finally kept something down . oh my god ramen never tasted so good . text me ! 
I feel very stupid . I can't hook up a tv . fail :[ 
class at four then again at six thirty ... ugh . htc 
BORED . 
I'm so happy with him , but all I can think of is you . 
Fuckidyfuckfuckfuckerfuck 
UGH . Let it be SUMMER 
New , simplfied home page .... i'm MORE CONFUSED D: 
Hm , things aren't that bad ... but I can feel anger settling in . It's funny that the only emotion I find useless , is the best emotion to make me feel better . Is the world ready for this bitch about to emerge ? 
Tired . A lot of things on my mind . 
She's got her smile , and that's all she needs to make her feel good <3 
< PROPMALE > Weed anyone ? 
If they don't show < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland in theatres , I'm going to be rather upset >:[ 
Who wants to see the Crazies with me this Friday !? 
I wanna be outsideee it's < PROPFEMALE > nice ! 
Bam Bam !! 
my phone is on the brink of death D: 
Even the deepest parts of my mind can not hold in the memories of him . 
anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > a movie night with me tonight ? 
Windows 7 please stop confusing me :[ 
God I hate the human mind . How could I be okay with somthings one minute , and then just want to smash his face in again the next ? 
bored ... not tired ... ugh 
Music ? 
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing , just prayed to a god I don't believe in . ' Cause I got time while he got freedom . ' Cause when a hear breaks , no , it don't break even ... 
Finally figured out who mr. Miyagi was . 
And when I'm gone just < PROPFEMALE > on dont mourn rejoice everytime you hear the sound of my voice . 
I'm so out . 
You care ? HA , it's more like you're guilty . 
ugh dont want to get up to do anything . 
Does someone want to helo me remake my itunes ? 
oh boy does it feel good to let my buttflap down . 
A movie , waiting for that call . :| 
someone please ... save me from boredum 
If I'm at peace then why do I still feel like I'm in pain ? 
Drinking alone again ; well me and Fat < PROPMALE > 
three more times for you 
doesnt want to watch this scary movie alone :[ 
never headbang with a full stomach x_x 
Seems I can't do this by myself . Thank you for the help . 
Movie night ! 
Cleaning , then bowling with some amazing peeeps <3 
and when she looked at him and her heart fluttered she knew it could end up in disaster , but it was a risk she was willing to take . <3 It was a good night . 
' We are not enemies , but friends . We must not be enemies . Though passion may have strained , it must not break our bonds of affection . The mystic chords of memory will swell when again touched , as surely they will be , by the better angels of our nature . ' 
Booooooored . been doing something all day , now all the cleaning is done and I dont know what to do o_o 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! Lots of love <3 I got my nose periced :D I'm so cool now . 
conflictionnnn 
ugh hair , hit me up ? Mall I guess , but with who ? 
Dad : \Why were my saw horses in the basement ? \ " Me : \ " Cause I was using them ... \ " Dad : \ " For what ? \ " Me : \ " Well ... you see I needed a table that wasn't an actual table ... \ " Dad : \ " For what ... \ " Me : \ " ... so I could make things with my hands ... \ " Dad : \ " And that's your story ? \ " Me : \ " Yup . \"" 
Knowing you're gone forever isn't the hard part , it's that peice thats no longer there that made me feel like myself . 
TIME FOR PAHCAKES ! 
rain rain go away come back when it's warm outside , kthnxbye :D 
my wounds are healing slowly and soon to vanish thanks to amazing friends <3 you know who you guys are . 
Poor Bruins :[ 
speak soft with a big stick ; then beat the hell out of ' em ! 
If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right , you'll probably never do much of anything . 
\Speak soft with a big stick\ " Translation : Do what I say or be killed . " 
To the 866 number who called me twice and then decided to < PROPFEMALE > up when I answered : you suck . 
Thank god for Samoas . They're like an orgasm in your mouth <3 
Ugh , I wanna play hooky , but it's better then sitting at home . HTC but I'ma be in duh showa ! 
woot for health care reform ! 
It's a crappy day . I dont feel good . Fuck my life I dont wanna go to class ! 
Fuck it I'm having a movie day . 
To someone specific [ you know who you are ]: Public bashing you I suppose is the only way you're going to read this . I . Did . Nothing . Wrong . Look at the slime you're with . He's a great guy in retrospect but bound to be slime and I know you know . Way to be that person , no seriously , way to be . 
I love my family . <3 
OMG I JUST SAW LIGHTENING IM ECITED ! 
The dotted lines show us where we're suppose to go we , stay inside them in fear that we'll lose control ... 
And this girl who I met Whose pride makes her hard to forget , She took pity on me horizontally But most likely because of my band 
Seriously , I'm done with my imediate family . I'm moving to RI . 
Well guess what yo , your sex was wack ! 
something's telling me to leave , but I won't , ' cause I'm damned if I do ya , I'm damned if I don't . 
Like a virgin , you're < PROPFEMALE > and I'm always gonna wanna blow your mind . -- I'm off putting holes in my face . Htc . 
Rasta for life my loves . 
they play the soundtrack to my fallen tears , the soundtrack to this wasted year , and the sleeves hide scars better than I could ever do . 
this is one fine day to be nude ! Lol well maybe not today , but tomorrow hopefully <3 
I sound like I have down syndom . :[ 
alone with ally in her bed . 
And I'd stand there , like a soldier , with my foot upon his chest , with my grin spread , and my arms out , in my bloodstained Sunday's best 
And every time you go to sleep at night I wonder what you hide behind closed eyes , what else could you be keeping from me ? 
What's left , but a section of pygmy sized cuts . Much like a slew of a thousand unwanted fucks . Would you be my little cut ? Would you be my thousand fucks ? And make < PROPFIRST > leaving space for the guilt to be liquid to fill and spill over and under my thoughts . 
If I play my cards right , I could make the big time . I could be a reason to stare 
If I told you that you had a sexy body , would you hold it against me ? 
Voulez vous coucher avec moi ce soir ? 
Buckle up I'mma give it to you stronger . Hands up , we can go a little longer . Tonight I'mma get a little crazy , baby . 
Going to Walmart with Eeetaaan . HTC if you're important I'll answer <3 
I smell something in the air that's making me .... high ! 
Camara cord is gone .... oh where could it be ? 
You've sunk lower than I've ever seen , and even though you deserved this , I tried to catch your fall , I've grown so tired of your childish threats . Know that I'll never run from anything 
And it gets so hard to see my own reflection sometimes . I'm standing unconscious , and I'm ready to wake up 
It's fucking cold in my house !!!! 
does anyone have a workin sewing machine ? 
I got my vanilla in my hand and my coke in the other . I can just tell tonights going to be a good night . 
So bored I cleaned the house , did the dishes , and contemplating laundry but I don't have enough clothes to wash ... still need to finish my shirt , but I'm starting to fear sewing machines ... 
It was worth a shot ... not in a good place right now . 
To nobody in particular and everybody in general . Don't take this either personal , emotional or literal , ' Cause if we both about similar sets of principals . Then check me and I'll check you , like we're supposed to do . 
Did you know that there are people in the world annoyed with all the other people in the world , and of all these angry people in the world I'm the angriest . 
Hey just remember , you're special . Just like everyone else in the world . 
Roll it up . Light it up . Smoke it up . Inhale ... Exhale . 
What is today , but yesterday's tomorrow ? 
Rain rain go away come again another day .... thanks for canclin ' classes though <3 
What's on my mind ? I'll tell you , a faggot ass prick who can burn in hell for all the mind fucking he seems to enjoy doing on a daily basis . Lies to make sure he can save his own ass then continues to lie to make everyone believe what he wants them to believe . Well I'm not an idiot and I refuse to fall for your lies . You're a worthless peice and I have three words . Burn . In . Hell . ? 
Find your < PROPFEMALE > before I lose mine 
6:00 . Should I even bother going back to bed ? 
Nap tiiiime . 
close your legs bitch . It smells like fish ! 
When I raise my flashing sword , and my hand takes hold in judgement , I will take vengance upon my enemies and I shall repay those who have hazed me . Oh Lord , raise me to thy right hand and count me among thy saints . 
This always happens .... this always fucking happens . I'm going to take a shower . 
There's only way to stop them zombies .... blow their fucking heads off ! 
Your mother is so obese that she is actually perspiring mayonaise . 
Hm , so is it a one way ticket to hell to play beerpong on good friday ? 
So , a semi-tragic night was once again saved by alcohol . Thank you alcohol and you're ability to let people not give a shit anymore . <3 Chillin ' at < PROPFEMALE>'s till whenever . 
Long night . Long day . Love to the family I can't see <3 now going to make myself an easter dinner . 
Gotta shower this paint out of my hair ... maybe with Ms. Schiede later ? 
Okay I get it , just don't be confused when I stop answering .. 
don't drop it in me league at all , don't speed you'll fall . Fake bitch fake tits whats wrong with ya . Don't start no mess today , gung ho just put your toast away and have a drink on me . I got tricks to play 
going to bum it down with Ms. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Elfstrum 
Night Failed : F for the recovery . 
Don't know how to go about this ... 
She lives in a < PROPFEMALE > tale , somewhere too far for us to find . Forgotten the taste and smell of the world that she's left behind 
Silly me for thinking honesty is something given free ... Well , I make the rules and this is how it ends . 
Chillin with mister < PROPMALE > going to a beach maybe ? Then maybe a fire tonight if we can find a pit :D 
Plans change . Fire at Ethans beach in the morning if it's as gorgeous tomorrow as it was today . Yay for marshmallows ! 
Sweet < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , I love how you make everything better . 
Bonfire at ethans ! Woot for hotdogs 
Omg it's midnight . Spednimg it with < PROPMALE > Bri and < PROPFIRST > . Good night ! 
Boored .. Txt it . Nap possiply ? 
While physical scars heal mental scars stick around . Think About that before you decide to play mind games . 
Only the insane take themselves quite seriously . 
Ok ct . As if it hasn't rained enough ! 
uh oh , he's getting jesus involved , better hurry it takes jesus 4.5 seconds to get to earth ! 
It's official , I need a < PROPMALE > . Cause when I get one , that road is SO going to be my bitch . 
Why do you wanna by a monkey ? To teach it to smoke ... duh . 
I can wait till you get what you deserve . 
With ms. Sheide for the night . It's going to be one interesting night I'll tell you that . <3 
I love me some skittles . 
Relaxing with < PROPMALE > and Bri Bri <3 
Ethans new nickname is Zeek the destiyer . 
My bike has a basket full of strawberries . I picked them myself along with apples and cherries , and lemons and oranges and boogers and limes . Plus there's a faygo in there but that's mine . 
I'ma smoke me a cigarette and get ready for the day . Slap a smile on my face and just pretend I don't give a damn . 
How many times will you honk your horn and say fuck you ? Now what the fuck does that do ? Ya feel better now ? I didn't let ya pass , How ' bout I stop my car , and beat your fuckin ' ass ? 
And god is buried deep in the folds of her fractured self , and the lies that they've told . She used to laugh at everything old it was a joke that never aged a bit , but when they robbed her of her infinite smile . She said maybe I'll just play dead for a while 
Fuck you . Kthnx . 
Andrew : what is that ? Chuck : it's a sun . It's not going to be one of those stupid ones with the squiggly lines [ points to sun ] look at that does that look like it has squiggly lines on it ? 
I fucked up my jaw somehow . :[ 
It was good seeing you again . Now if only you didn't make me so sick to my stomach ... 
Omg pie . 
Beer pong !! Wrecking it with < PROPMALE > ! 
Don't worry about a thang , cause everything thang is goin ' to be alright . <3 
Shut up < PROPFEMALE > . You're voice is like sandpaper to my hungover ears . 
If only you had been a dream . 
Give me those bright blue eyes , and those lucious lips . I'll sing this song for you , if you shake those hips 
I have a presentation to do in four hours ... and I don't know what to do it on ... 
T- Four Days . 
Take your time , don't bother me with shallow alibis . It's you life and your decision to do nothing with it , so admit it now . There's nowhere to go , but up from here . 
needs to start her day . 
Sooooo borrrreed . 
Off to New York ! 
gooble gobble gooble goble one of us one of us . 
Tired ;; Class at 4 ;; with Blackie < PROPFEMALE > till then <3 
yeaaah . 4.20 . way to bring it in . 
Smoke so much the skys getting cloudy . 
My happy exterior is breaking , my mind is racing , and it's all because of you ;; Ughh , and I thought I was doing so good . 
OMGTHERESASPIDERONMYBEDSQUISSSSSSSSSSH 
Showa and hair then < PROPFEMALE>'s;; txt it <3 
This lonely feeling ain't nothing new . 
Leggo my eggo ! Shower ;; DMV ;; Biskits ! 
Biskits ... was ... AMAZING !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > tired ... but still going !! 
Good night last night . Let's see if we can duplicate ! 
Move it slow motion for me ;; then up to Uconn ! 
I have figured it out : Guys are liars . Girls are sluts . 
And though your fingers never really pulled the trigger . Your hands are just as guilty , you're the one who brought the blood . 
Tired ;; Night Facebook . 
I'ma need you to calm down , take a deep breath , and step away from the brownies . 
We're facing the same day , over and over . You're repeating yourself , and it's boring me to tears . I would just like to ask , are you owned by your fears ? 
Mmm mmm Oreos . 
still up ... ugh ... 
We do not remember days ; we remember moments 
There is no greater sorrow then to recall a time of happiness in misery . 
it was a good get away last night ;; relaxing/ homework , shower . 
Come on Sun ! Let's be < PROPFEMALE > and warm ! 
Where is your gravel ? Your jury ? What's my offence this time ? You're not a judge , but if you're going to judge me ... well , sentance me to another life . 
I found a loose string dangling from the hem of my existence . When I pulled it , the world around me began to unravel . 
The truth hiding in your eyes , and it's hanging on your tongue . Just boiling in my blood , but you think I can't see what kind of man you are . If you're a man at all ;; going for a walk ... I got a couple of things to think through . 
To whomever got me sick ... I hate you . 
So here's what I'll do ; Go to the end , look down , take a deep breath , and jump . ' Cause you can't be afraid to get hurt sometimes . 
Doin ' my hurr ;; then out with < PROPFEMALE > NuNu Rivera <3 ;; txt it . 
I remember why I don't wake up early ... things are so boring . 
This is a very familiar setting ... so familiar it makes me sad ... 
We my not have it all together ... but together we have it all ! 
Boomers baby ! 
Eyes up to the sky , she sighs , I need nobody . True indeed , sister , but you still need everybody because we hardly know ourselves if we know nobody else , and only in our loneliness can home become a hell . 
And I'm getting bored waiting round for you , we're not getting any younger , and I won't look back ' cause there's no use . It's time to move forward ! 
bored ;; showerr ;; then ??? 
I love seeing people blunt cruising on the highway . 
What can we do on this beautiful day ? Shower ;; Nothing ;; txt <3 
Hello brooklyn , hey L.A. Coast to coast , I'll take you down in flames . Let the good times roll , so we can let go . Cause everyone knows theres a party at the end of the world . 
Thank you < PROPMALE > for almost getting us hit by a train . 
Make like a tree and fuck off ! 
Cinco de mayo !! Where's < PROPFIRST > ? 
Believe me . I'm lying . 
don't blow me off . 
Duechewad cockalacka cracka . 
god I hate those people ! 
Youz a hoe . Yeah that's to you etam . 
I really don't even want to deal with you anymore ... I don't even understand why I came back in the first place . 
Why am I never good enough ? ;; Watching funny movies , I need a good laugh . 
I . Fucking . Hate . Connecticut . ;; stuck in traffic . Txt it . 
Awga blah ;; good times great people awsome night ! ;; <3 
This is when I realize I really was better off . 
Happy Mothers Day ;; please appreciate what you have <3 Show your madre some\ 
Live ! 
That's okay . I don't mind the challenge ;; another awesome night ;; Personal time with some need for speed and maybe a cig then bed . 
Wayy to sleep the day away < PROPFEMALE >;; Shower then who knows ? ;; Today's Monday right ? 
Out for some pie and then a pipe ! ; Txt it 
Bitch , I'm going to pick the world up and I'ma drop it on your fucking head . 
So fucking tired ;; Awesome night ;; It's amazing how some things turn out though ! 
HEY ! You want what wit me ?! I'm a tell you one time , don't FUCK wit me ! 
I thought a thought but the thought was not the thought I thought I thought . 
Look me in the eye and tell me it wasn't worth it , because I'll simply nod and agree ;; FML . I can't wait to get out of this place ! T- 7 Days mofucka's! 
At wits end ... I really cant take anymore of this ........................................................................................... period 
I'm out to dinner with Squirtle , Kaybear and Ms. Schiede . <3 
Relax ... now ... 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... sleep . 
When the whole world seems to be looking at me ... I'm looking at you , and you ... well you don't even seem to notice . 
It must be nice having the luxury of an empty mind . 
I love finding random carnivals in the walmart porking lot ;; out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
Lazing around . Probably do something soon .... maybe . 
Even when I switch things up I'm still up to the same shit ;; with ms. Schiede and naughty < PROPFEMALE > ! 
STOP ! YOURE YESSING TO HARD !!! 
Fml right now . Not even awake an hour and fml . If I can't go to jamaica because of this ... Nina is not going to be a happy person at all . 
We'll see about it tomorrow ;; shopping with papadue today ;; maybe helping open the pool ? I hope so . 
Knowing what you like doesn't mean you should only like what you know . 
Coocookachoo !! 
I love to party , love the club , but I want your body hunny not your love . 
It's sooo cloossse . I'm dying of antisipation ;; Waiting for pops to get home to say goodbye , then off to RI where it shall aaaaaallll begin <3 
Rdbbxfccsrgb freaking a . Another three days here WTF fml . 
Tell me something I don't know . 
Fuck loud and make noise ! 
Chillin with my favorites ;; I love you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Bored ... 
It's time for a ciggy mcniggy ! 
I'll keep my head held high and look down on all you mother fuckers that looked down on me . 
Now you fucked up ! 
Aweeeesomeee night ! ;; karmas a bitch ain't it ? 
Steal a kiss yet , and call us friends\ 
Distance is the thief in which you conspire 
To all my friends who I am leaving behind this week I'll miss you a bunch ... well to the best of my abilities while I'm away <3 till then . Peace put 860 !!! 
Dear Father , please hurry home so I can say goodbye and get the fuck outta herr ! KThnx love <3 
Everyone's saying that they've got the answers . But hope is deceiving and spreads like a cancer . 
To the 16 year old driving a porche cayenne in front of me : I know it's daddys but I still hate you . 
This sucks ... no one is home ... thank god for facebook right ? ;; T- 7 hours till flight departure . 
To all who tried o reach me this week I'm sorry ! Left my phone in the states headed back to ct now . Hit me up mofuckaaas : sakpasas ct ?! 
First day back and I'm headed to the shack with two of my favs . 
Disipointed . 
The media's the most powerful entity on earth . They have the power to \ 
make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent , and that's \ 
power . Because they control the minds of the masses 
Hm . Perhaps it is my punishment to be haunted by this . I should have been a better person ... 
The peace sign is just a trigger and the middle finger . 
My phone is a fucking beast . 
I have so many contradicting words and thoughts and emotions about so many thing , I don't even know how to properly have a secret . No one really knows me ; I don't need secrets . 
nap time <3 
Only < PROPFEMALE > Scheide would throw eggs on the ground . At least < PROPMALE > Rohrberg is here to clean it up as I get freaky with < PROPFEMALE > Fogliano . <3 
Had a wonderful breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Elfstrum <3 so now its and an oil change then off to Chipotle with < PROPMALE > Rohrberg , and possibly a few others ? Hit me up ! 
I give up ... It's really not worth my time anymore . Then again , it really wasn't worth my time to begin with now was it ? 
Do things really change that much in only a week ? 
< PROPMALE > jumping is some good old fashion fun !! Now time to chill and grill with some of the favs . 
Blah . 
Watching the notebook <3 
Here's what you need to do : Kick back by a fire , relax , and look at the stars . 
Ugh , I've only been back a week and I could use another get away . 
Love getting hit on at hooters .. not . Only with Ally Schiede would that happen . 
A drunk driver is dangerous . So is a drunk backseat driver if he's persuasive . ' Dude make a left . ' ' Those are trees ... ' ' Trust me . ' 
I feel like shit . :[ 
\We don’t stop playing because we grow old ; \ 
Don't you hate it when you're best friends been stolen ? I do ... 
I dont think you realize what you're doing ... when did you stop caring ? 
What a nice morning waking up next to the wonderful < PROPFEMALE > Scheide . Unfortunately , I must leave her side to venture off to Rhode Island with < PROPMALE > Rohrberg , < PROPFEMALE > Horton , and a few others ! 
Anyone who thinks the sky is the limit , has limited imagination . 
Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could\ 
make the earth spin real fast and freak everybody out . 
Wow fuck that . I'm going back to bed . 
Good night lazy morning ... can't wait to get home though . 
Well this is awkward ... 
who framed < PROPMALE > rabbit <3 
I'm fucked . 
... oh how I can be so easily forgotten . 
And its back to one ... awesome . 
I'm done trying to live this life ... so I may as well just sleep the rest of it away . 
better mood ... cant wait for tonight . 
I throw my hands up in the air and say ayyyyooo just let go ! 
You hear that ? You hear whats comin' ? Oh , you better run for the hills ' cause we're comming to you're town and we're going to burn that motherfucker down ! 
May you always be blessed with walls for the wind . A roof for the rain . A warm cup of tea by the fire . Laughter to cheer you . Those you love near you . And all that your heart may < PROPFEMALE > . - < PROPFEMALE > Blessing 
Yeah waking up with a random nosebleed is always fun . Ftw ? 
Rules don’t apply to me , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > lie to me , so ain’t no way you\ 
containing this devil inside of me\ 
. 
I'm going mad !! 
... well that was interesting . 
Chyeahh ... this isn't going so well . 
Weirdd night . Tubing this morning ? I dunno . Hit the cell <3 
Be careful on184 maasd traffic going towards stonington 
Stayed up all night sleeping all day ... werd . 
I'm fucked anyway so why do I bother trying ? 
ooooo fahita's! 
By now you shoulda somehow realized what you gotta do ... 
Drunk happens ... 
Lets hit the beaaaach ! 
\Who are you to judge the life I live ? \ 
The truth will set you free - but first it will make you miserable . 
Only one person can keep a secret ... if more than one person knows then it's not a secret . 
What a gay 4th of July :| 
< PROPFIRST > Iglesias <3 
Chillin with the chillest cat around <3 
Hopyard ! Cooking chilling and a little swimming ! <3 htc 
Why am I awake ... 
< PROPMALE > rohrberg is the best , most amazing person in all of the land ! 
Everyone has a < PROPFEMALE > crush ! 
The apple doesn't fall far from his friends ... 
Invincible <3 
I want a gangster hamster ! 
That is some donkey kong bullcrap ! 
So much for fishing D: 
Fedsex : When you absolutely need to get it overnight . 
Life is about kicking ass ... not kissing it ! 
? out . 
here goes nothing 
If\ 
you must choose between two evils , pick the one you've never tried before . ;] 
Camara got jacked ftw . 
Guess it's back to playing the game ! 
Too much shit going on this weekend : What to dooo ?! @# ! @# 
Kicking it with the coolest < PROPFEMALE > Marques for the night . 
Getting down with the crew plus a couple extra lovely ladies <3 
DENNY'S PANCAKES <3 
We hardly know ourselves if we know nobody else , and only in our loneliness can home become a hell . Exhale . 
\The planet is fine . The people are fucked \"" 
Just get me out of here . 
Cinnamon Life <3 
I <3 < PROPMALE > Rohrberg , < PROPFEMALE > Marques , and sometimes < PROPFIRST > Machol when he's not being a titwank 
BOOT CAMP WITH < PROPFIRST > Wilcox , < PROPFEMALE > Champany , < PROPFIRST > Machol , and < PROPMALE > Rohrberg . Yerrrp . :D 
Only for < PROPMALE > Rohrberg would I wait up till midnight to go visit him at work . 
So , never again will I go to a country concert . Bad night . F for the recovery too . :[ 
I dont need your permission to do what I want . 
uhhh .... drama . Thought I left it back in high school . Redonkulous . Why doesn't anyone ever believe their best friend ? 
I saw a hobo ! 
In the end everyone will leave you ; it's the memories you take from it that will make it bearable ... or miserable . 
\I have no problem telling a stupid bitch just how stupid of a bitch she's being\ " - < PROPFIRST > " 
With some people tonight . Text it <3 
Snuggies fucking rock . 
Very down mood ... 
I wanna go to Chipotle ! In memory of a friend whom I miss ! 
It's a good night <3 
I wanna dance in the rain ! 
Whelp , there goes my vacation . Fml . 
Time for change ! 
Kicking it with the one and only < PROPFEMALE > NuNu Rivera . 
Phones Dead = lame 
Cleaning cleaning everyone loves cleaninnnng .... not really . 
Love the Coneheads <3 
Roughing it with the best ! See everyone in a couple of days ! 
Let the good times roll <3 
Basterd squirrels ate my marshmallows ! 
Kicking it back in CT with some of the crew <3 
Good Morning ! 
Getting a mani&pedi with the lovely < PROPFEMALE > Rivera ! 
See a guy get a manicure ... check ! 
Pie time with < PROPFEMALE > NuNu Rivera , < PROPMALE > Rohrberg , and < PROPFIRST > Machol !! 
Lighting shit on fire <3 hehe 
needs to explore her vision . 
Some people ... I swear ... 
“And in the end , it’s not the years in your life that count . It’s the life in your years . ” - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Never regret anything because at one time it was exactly what you wanted . 
Can I get an < PROPFEMALE > Scheide with a side of fries please ? 
Class 3:30 - 4:45 , then another at 6:30 - 9:15 .... Rada . 
Some days you're the bug , other days you're the windshield 
Round 2 with < PROPFEMALE > Scheide ! 
I'll take the risk because it's what I want . 
See a pimped out pontiac sunfire ... check 
Harsh ... 
I don't think I could be in a better mood right now ! 
To all the people who aren't from around here : stay the hell off my backroads !!! 
I need a hackysack . 
Go out and make something amazing happen <3 
Hey unfaithful I will teach you , to be stronger , to be stronger . Hey ungraceful I will teach you to forgive one another . 
Sit back and watch the clouds roll by <3 
It's a low blow but I'll keep my head high and laugh as I walk away . 
I think I like drinking ... does that make it a problem ? 
I should probably do something productive ... 
I'm not feeling so hot ... :| 
WTF there's a snuggie song ?! 
Are you thinking about swish ??? 
I'm so excited , and I just can't hide it .... ITS SO CLOSE 
Shipping off to Boston wooohooot 
Feels like such an idiot 
Getting a new phone !! 
new phone need < PROPFIRST > ! h 
I find myself over thinking things I already know the answer to . :/ 
Once scum always scum can't really change that I guess 
Last I checked I could make my own decisions . 
Coffee at two in the morning with < PROPMALE > Rohrberg ? Yes . 
If its what I want why do I feel bad about doing it ? 
\Well can you not chemically kill things and come cuddle ? \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Jones " 
Sometimes songs just say it all . 
Uggh , cure my boredness D: 
Kicking it with < PROPMALE > then off to class 6:30 - 9:15 . Htc ! 
Tequila ... more like Tekillya ... auugh 
Hm ... 
Remember your heart is a weapon the size of your fist . Keep fighting . Keep Loving . 
Take a moment to breath and think about what you are grateful for :] 
Hurting you was never my option . Getting hurt was inevitable though . fml .. 
realistic dreams scare me ... 
Stitches are no fun :( 
Roses are red , violets are blue , I have five fingers , and the middle ones for you <3 
Don't wait for people to be friendly , show them how <3 
Smile : Happy looks good on you :] 
Up for ahwile . 
In the end , everyone will leave you . Learn to rely on yourself . 
Stayed up all night ? Yeahh ... 
Shaboigan 
liar liar pants on fire 
CHIPOTLE :D 
Job hunting with the one and only < PROPFEMALE > Rivera . 
fuck alcohol seriously 
Can't fucking trust anyone ... 
All I have to do is lay in your arms , to know that everything is okay <3 
I wish I could have known who you were , so I knew the other half of who I am . 
let's get back to the basics 
What to do what to do :| 
Seriously , shut . your . FUCKING . mouth . You're delusional . Get over it . Kthnx . 
The only man a girl needs in her life is her dad <3 
Not feeling so hot ... 
When you have no reason to wake up . Why not just sleep forever ? 
blue scholars save my life right now <3 
Lifes to short to live with no passion . 
Five Guys <3 
I have a feeling it's imminent ... it's just whether or not I want to wait for it ... 
You have brains in your head . You have feet in your shoes . You can steer yourself in any direction you choose . - Dr. Suess 
There are many causes I would die for . There is not a single cause I would kill for . - Mohandas Gandhi 
Crazy night , Chipotle with the one and only < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Elfstrum can't waiiiit ! 
sneaky sneaky mr. piggy 
I was a friend only in the fact that I was a benefactor ... 
I found myself going away , never wanting to go back again . Leaving all my thoughts behind , searching for some new ones inside . 
We are who we are . 
It hurts more than you think . 
Sync faster windows media player D:< 
Kicking it old school with < PROPFEMALE > NuNu Rivera , and hopefully < PROPMALE > Brienne < PROPFEMALE > Eaton-Carberry will grace us with her presence ! [ Seriously we have cookies ] 
Get Crazy . Get Loud . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s only a bitch if you are . bwahahaha . 
I miss you ... now if only I could tell you that ... 
Chipper mood now that < PROPFEMALE > NuNu Rivera and < PROPMALE > Brienne < PROPFEMALE > Eaton-Carberry just walked down my stairs . 
Peace and Turkey grease CT . Be back saturday . 
Stuffed , stoned , and watching Elf . Can't get much better then this . Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! 
Love the fam , but I miss home . 
Hooooome . ;) 
Job Searching ... anyone wanna go with ?! :D 
Yogi Bear the movie ?! So there . 
< PROPFEMALE > Scheide is a bitch . < PROPFEMALE > NuNu Rivera is kind of one to . 
Eyes up to the sky , she sighs , I need nobody . True indeed , sister , but you still need everybody because we hardly know ourselves if we know nobody else and only in our loneliness can home become a hell . Exhale . 
\Hole in the wall\ " A show ? This worries me . " 
Hate Wednesdays . 
Cleaning car ... ahahah finally . 
Now onto the room ... 
Going to the movies with that creepy cat lady < PROPFEMALE > Scheide . 
Always forgive , but never forget . Learn from your mistakes , but never regret . 
I really need to figure things out ... 
I wanna play the < PROPFIRST > game ! 
#004 I love you like the sister god never gave me . we may bump heads from time to time but in the end know I'm there for you like I know you're there for me$ 
#699 you may be a bitch but you've helped me out more then you know , and no matter what I say know I love you . Also , I still have that drunk picture of you . 
#21 we need to chill more often I truely miss yo face . :) 
#13 I . Fucking . Miss . You . and you're brother . The three of us should get together and have a smokefest to make up for all lost time . Text me if you still have my number ! it's still the same :) if not message me again and I'll give it to you ! 
#15 I haven't seen you in < PROPFEMALE > long . I hope you're doing well and that life gives you happyness because you of all people deserve it . 
#420 I fucking love you . We don't chill as often as I'd like and I'm going to fix that . Because I need more of you in my liiife . haha funny number too , perfect timing . 
#78 I haven't talked to you in awhile but I hope you're doing well , and that you're still playing hockey :) 
#9 We don't see eachother enough I hope all is going well . You better be going to school and being save . 
Finished doing house chores ... now what to do ? 
Have an appt . with Brio on Monday ! 
Tummy Ache = No bueno . Soup Maybe ? 
snow ? 
Don't be hatin ' be appreciatin ' ... besides , you may end up liking it ;) 
I dare you to do it ... 
Holiday shopping anyone ? 
What to do what to do !? 
She turned her cants into can's and her dreams into planes . <3 
Where is your will to be weird ? 
Never look down on anyone unless you're helping them up . 
EAT IT GIANTS . EAT . IT . WOOOH 
Got pulled over doing 80 in a 55 a 382 dollar ticket and I slip by with an infraction and a 92 dollar ticket . LOVE being a chick . :) haha 
No one wants to watch the comit with me tonight ? 
To think you were trying to prove everyone wrong ; you sure fooled me . 
I need a nap . 
Everything may be okay ... but somethings most definitely not right ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
All dogs go to heaven ? Hell fucking yeah dude . Best movie ever ! 
What if I could just disappear ? Who would care ? 
I feel like I should know it all , but I barely know a fraction of it . 
Kicking it at home for the night . Cells good . 
\The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary . Men alone are quite capable of every wickedness . \"" 
Cars all fixed , although now it's making a squeeking noise . Interview went okay , but I'm not getting my hopes up ... hmm now what to do with the rest of meh day ? 
Sometimes the people we want aren't who we need , and sometimes the people we need aren't the people we want . 
In the end I am alone ... 
WHO WANTS TO MAKE AN IGLOO ?!?! 
Time for the piece to be the playa 
Each player must accept the cards life deals him or her : but once they are in hand , he or she alone must decide how to play the cards in order to win the game . 
Real eyes realize real lies . 
\An injury is much sooner forgotten then an insult . \ " - Lord Chesterfield " 
One person can make a difference , and everyone should try . 
\You don't have a soul . You are a soul . You have a body . \"" 
Should probably do something productive .... 
If this is < PROPFEMALE > ; it's not funny . 
Good intentions are sometimes not percieved as such . I'm truely sorry . 
Forgiveness does not change the past , but it does enlarge the future . 
Feels like crap ... 
“I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant . ” 
Don't make decisions when your mad ; Don't make promises when you're happy . 
Not even make up could make her beautiful ... because real beauty come from loving yourself , and that's something she can never do ... 
War doesn't determine who's right . War determines who's left . 
Silly humans , life is for the animals 
Somebody give me a reason that makes this life worth living . Cause I've given up coming up with new ones . 
Everything we hear is an opinion , not a fact . Everything we see is a perspective , not the truth . 
Who wants to go shoppinnnng ?!?! 
Thanks to everyone for my happy birthday wishes and everyone who came to rage it with me ! I hope everyone had fun and thanks for making this birthday really special !!! 
Now I fucked up . 
Love me or hate me you can't break me because your words are nothing but dribble and you'll have to do it physically . 
No one is normal , there are just a lot of weird people with things in common . 
Where shall I go ? To the left where nothings right or to the right where nothings left . 
You gotta give respect to get it . All I've been getting is shit so get ready to be shit on . 
There there baby , it's just text book stuff it's in the ABC of growing up . Now , now darling , don't lose your head cause none of us were angels , and you know I love you yeah ... 
And in the naked light I saw , ten thousand people , maybe more . People talking without speaking . People hearing without listening . People writing songs that voices never share . And no one dared , disturb the sound of silence . 
People need not fear the unknown if they are capable of achieving what they need and want . 
Dangerous is the man who has rationalized his emotions . 
