I just got a game called < PROPMALE>'s Bounty . This thing deserves the world record for the longest install time . It was enough for me to watch the last few minutes of Heroes , then put a pizza in the oven , go to bathroom , finish eating said pizza , and now it's just finishing up . I estimate about 35 minutes so far\ 
\ 
Lastly , thanks for the useless Adobe Acrobat Reader update\ 
Peace 

Anyone have a working PS3 they'll sell for cheap ? 
sorry i dont check this thing much . better way to get a hold of me is yahoo messenger , im always on there when im home . kloud135 
homework is boring ! 
hooray for getting paid a week before you thought you were supposed to 
happy mothers day 
Eureka 7 is totally amazing 
just bought a new phone ! woot 
new disturbed song is .... meh 
has a cat asleep on his lap 
just got an A on an essay for i think the first time in my life :D 
Today : 10 years of Diablo 2 ! wootness ! 
Toy Story 3 was good 
Starcraft II rocks ! 
Sic Transit Glora ... Glory Fades - Brand New\ 
This song is messed up 
I think I've been awake to long ... Time to sleep 
< PROPFEMALE > Advantage FTL 
is jealous of those of you who know exactly what they want to do with their life 
Anyone who willingly wakes up this early is insane . \ 
On a side note , I burned my waffles . 
\Your a bitch ! \ " \ 
Ticketmaster sucks 
Avenged Sevenfold is kickass ! They were amazing ! 
Apparently I'm color blind 
I never realized how awesome of a song Jesus of Suburbia is 
Should I buy Everquest 2 ? 
New Diablo III class = Demon < PROPMALE > !! Looks amazing !! 1 ! 11 !!! 
Limewire has been shut down :( 
Newegg is doing Black November deals if anyone needs computer parts . There's different sale categories each day 
Anyone buy the Kinect ? How is it ? 
There needs to be a Black Friday sale for school class fees 
Anyone have an oldish couch I could take off their hands/buy from them ? 
Hail out of no where ! \ 
Better stop soon ... 
Studies have shown that cockroaches break wind on the \ 
average of every 15 minutes . Even after death they will continue to \ 
release methane for up to 18 hours . In a global scale , insect flatulence\ 
is estimated to account for 20% of all methane emissions . This puts the\ 
cockroach as one of the biggest contributors to Global Warming . The \ 
research indicates that the other < PROPMALE > 
My Calculus class is so awesome hahaha 
When I get out of school and strike it < PROPMALE > with a crazy awesome job , I'm going to buy my own personal rock climbing room and have my butler change the routes every week 
What ever happened with Fallout : NV ? Everyone was all hyping it up to be such a GREAT game when it was coming up on release , and since the day it came out I haven't heard a thing about it . I'm thinking ... major disappointment ? Not that I really care about it or anything , just saying , lol 
I get a 69% on my Psych final and my grade in the class goes down 1% . Hell yeah , that's how I roll 
Wishing my NWN2 would work 
Who's up for rock climbing today/tonight ? 
Cool shelf 
Took my epic level 68 Sorceress all the way to hell ... screw that . To many fire immunes for my merc to handle alone and to lazy to respec into something viable . Time to start over I suppose 
Thick fog is thick 
If anyone needs books for any of the following classes , I'll sell them to you for fairly cheap :\ 
Philosophy 300\ 
Political Science 301\ 
Psychology 314 ( I think , it's the bio-psych one)\ 
Intro to Public Speaking\ 
English 302\ 
Reply here or send me a message or contact me in some other way . Tell your friends ! I want these dang books gone 
I need books for Humanities 300 and History 312 . Anyone have them ? I'll buy 
I'm running out of terabyte 
I'm beginning to feel tired again . This is good . 
Apparently swearing is ok on the SIRIUS channels of television :P 
There's a 12 year old in my Differential Equations class ... 
What do you do when you're in a potentially really hard class and you can't understand a word your teacher is saying ? And no , it's not foreign language 
I just watched the Social Network . Holy crap , that was so amazingly , surprisingly good . Really , really good 
There is no space between the last word in a sentence and an exclamation point . Get it right , people . 
Heroic queue takes foreveerrrrrrrrrrr 
Memorize , memorize , memorize ... 
Happy Pi Day ! 
Drinkin ' apple juice . 
Worst math test ever 
