will never remember , her head is far to blurry 

loves sugar .. and festivals . 
has never been to home depot so many times in one day 
has 2 FREE kittens for sale : ) 
b . 
is at Keane Weeeeek ! 
is back to working on her golfer's tan 
is crusin with EC <33 ahh afternoon cruises , how i miss you ! 
is a little bittersweet 
is job hunting > eww < 
makin coffee 
is gonna eat a lot of peaches 
is destined for a better day than yesterday 
found a dead fly in her coffee this morning ! 
wishes all her stuff would stop breaking 
done with 3 tests this week : ) : ) yay ! 
could use some good cookin ! 
wants to zap herself home 
ok ! ok ! accounting 
Luck just gave me a kiss Then lashed me down with a leather strap 
is a sacred being of light projected into reality for a purpose 
has got herself in a love-hate relationship with this world . 
is eligable for her i-phone today ! > happy dance < 
Be prepared for endless waves of transformation 
No matter how many times you save the world , it always manages to get back in jeopardy again . 
wants to take a little time travel back to when her friends were around for long cruising purposes 
is wishing her little sister a very Happy Birthday ! miss you Becca <3 
is a verrrrry dedicated student : ) 
Selling flowers in douglassville ! 
needs to take a step back in time to Mr. Walsh's math classes !! 
.. And the unsusal is the f*ing usual . Man , my life is beautiful ... 
.... must .... write .... paper .... before .... party .......... 
would appreciate a good photo friday today if it was possible 
So close .. Yet so far away 
beeeaaaaaaautiful day today : ) 
is scared for the life of her iphone ... turn back on little fella !! please ! 
prefers the unseen world to that which is obvious . 
Is marching on 
Dear Exeter , Could you HAVE any more traffic lights ? 
Hungry ! Dinner ? 
The golfing gods blessed the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Where are all the golfers today !? Come out and play !! 
Is workin harder thAn hard workin 
Is fresh out of batteries , but still making noise 
Is reading the Philadelphia magaizine and loving it ! : D 
Likes all the < PROPMALE > - speaking people at this new job .. It makes me laugh when I walk down the hall and hear them 
Is eating dunkaroos ! 
Is sitting , waiting , wishing 
Is out-of-state 
is trying to have a Mid-west photo-shoot 
So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains and we never even know we hold the key 
Had a dream about being in the midst of a scrum last night 
When we meet on a cloud ill be laughing out loud . Ill be laughing with everyone i see 
Needs a little @ < PROPFEMALE > to brighten her day 
Keane week !! 
loooking for a place to LLLIIIVVVEEE !!! and running out of time .. 
Is ready for lunch . 
Becca Becca Becca !!! 
Can feel the air 
Is eating shoefly pie !! 
going to see Pepper play ! 
shoots for the < PROPFEMALE > , but is too busy gazing at stars 
is so happy she was forced to buy this brand new textbook , just to have the pages fall out 
Likes meeting helpful strangers 
Scheduling today !! Come here last semester of classes ! 
Is on a mission to be what I'm destined to be 
< PROPFEMALE > is BACK !! 
silo so soooooon 
Has been ignoring the fact that Christmas is coming ... It may be time to face reality 
i smell like a chicken BBQ sandwich with no mayo . 
true inspiration is impossible to fake 
is not a word , is not a line , is not a girl that can ever be defined 
Is going to play the mega million !! Wish me luck ! 
Nothing is what I expect it to be today 
You don't know what you don't know 
is going back to her home where the buffalo roam <3 
is California dreamin on such a winter's day 
Why must I spend my time filling up my mind with facts and figures that never add up anyway ? 
Needs to get her hands on some of those girl scout cookies ! 
http://getstopic.com/supermoon-rises-biggest-full-moon-in-18-years-occurs-saturday-night-space-com-171263.html 
