is fed up with IHS . 

For people who look at my info < PROPFEMALE > and don't know I am not a communist , it is just a joke from IHS . 
is glad he has a late start today . 
is going to have a test everyday this week . :( 
Just found out that in < PROPFEMALE > one of the their pop < PROPFEMALE > is called Discobitch ! 
Is there any history homework we have to do ? 
I have 5 facebook friends named < PROPFIRST > and 4 friends named < PROPFIRST > . You guys need to get more original names . 
I have 5 facebook friends with birthdays today so I wish you all a happy birthday . 
I finished my position paper !!! 
One day and one final left . I just might make it . 
I have to get up at 5:30 to go to Salem . Screw that and screw early mornings . 
Straight A's baby ! 
I'm finally reading the Communist Manifesto ... it took me long enough . 
Who really knows me ? \ 
What is my ... full name , nickname , eye color , best friend , birthday , and favorite color ? \ 
Put this on your status and see who really knows you . 
Finally saw inception . Now I don't feel left out . 
Does this number ring a < PROPFEMALE > ( 541 ) 839-1111 ? please tell me if it does . 
I am pissed , who thinks this is a good idea . What gives someone the right to hand out personal information that isn't theirs ?!? 
I'm sorry for seeming like a freak on facebook but someone really had me going with their prank call . For those who don't know me that well I am not as crazy as I may have seemed last night . \ 
\ 
P.S. Never post anything when you're freaked out you will seem insane . 
My neighbor's deck caught on fire . One more story to tell . The good news is the firefighters came quickly and the fire is out . 
is now in morning IHS which is fine , but I am no longer in band , SOooooo . 
Just spent the entire day moving stuff out of the basement and washing the walls . Sounds like home improvement . 
One of the funnier criticisms I've gotten ... \ 
\Your paint looks soggy\ " \ 
For 24 hours you can ask me one question to my inbox and I will answer it . You have my full honesty . I dare you to post this as your status and see what people ask you . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes and to everyone who made today great . 
I didn't get any homework for my birthday , possibly the best birthday gift of all . 
Finished the graph on the IB lab , now I just have the conclusion and to clean up the write up as a hole for tomorrow . This may be doable . 
Man Kitzhaber isn't leading , what is the world coming to ? 
Hence forth this weekend will be remembered as the weekend of movies . 
Did we have homework for lit ? 
Confess something you've always wanted to tell me ( INBOX ONLY Please ) . Then , copy and paste this as your status and see what you get . 
I am not looking forward to physics tomorrow . At least it's better than getting teeth pulled , which I get to enjoy Friday . 
I got wisdom teeth out and the laughing gas has mostly worn off . It is time to start feeling the pain . 
I am not looking forward to my speech . The first of the class . Not fair . 
There was a < PROPFEMALE > Cather question on Jeopardy tonight . This must be a sign about my speech . 
The quest < PROPFEMALE > isn't loading ... shit ! 
Go to \Call me duck\ " on YouTube to see why Auburn is awful . There tons of Auburn fans spamming the comments . At least Oregon is showing its class by supporting the ducks and not taking shots at Auburn . " 
I hate the quest assignments . It won't let me see the questions . 
Two more classes . I'm going to make ! 
Black Swan ... wow . People should go see it . 
Went to see Itzhak Perlman in concert , he is one of the greats . 
RIP to my fellow south students . My heart goes out to those that have just lost a friend or a family member before their time . 
I'm getting really excited for the Oscars . Black Swan all the way . 
Got home from the hour and half concert only to have a 45 minute conversation about the sat with my parents . did I mention that I have a test to study for . 
What was our history homework ? 
What the hell Oscars . NO love 127 hours , and only one < PROPFIRST > for Black Swan . I'm not impressed . 
Has the turn in date for swan song come and gone without me noticing ? If not when are submissions due ? 
People in my spanish class , what was the homework for spring break ? 
Had a great vacation visiting my brother in North < PROPFEMALE > . Now I'm ready to head home . 
History paper = finished 
