Finally have chosen to assign myself a Facebook ; what have I done ? 

I plan to put up some music soon . . . I'm betting I will be here more often 
It has never dawned on me until I came on here . . . that the choices I've made could in no way possibly distance myself from my friends any further than they already have . 
The University of Michigan has done a lot to convince me that I am wholly incapable of making the right decisions when necessary . I never feel like I have enough information or any good information to make the right choices anymore . I need to work harder on organizing my work and my mind into this . . . My god this has been so hard on me . 
I now have someone to work with on Physics 140 , the easist of my classes so far . I will be meeting him every Thursday at 9:00 P.M. I hope this works out well along with the other study group I'm in for Physics on Sunday . 
Update . . . With a cool head , let's see what I can actually do about this . 
I have orientation at work at 9 AM today ( June 1st ) yet I cannot sleep . I am not looking forward to it even though I should . \ 
\ 
Other issues are also bothering me , unfortunately though they will have to be addressed later once this day is over . Hopefully I can reach the people who need to be contacted and this will all be dealt with . 
It seems no one really reads the reports I post here . Oh well , not my job to report the news . 
A new news report will be posted soon . I found something on RussianTelevision . I kinda like this foreign news agency . 
More news soon . I've not found more interesting or important stuff yet . 
\Because I must\ " -Me to a person whom replied I did not need to get the door for them . " 
Phone won't charge anymore . I'll see how else to make calls . I didn't know , so my phone , while on the charger all day , was actually still dying . 
Time to check out all my work in environment , history , political science , and astronomy 
I'll try to upload pictures of the laptop . So far everything is working out great . Kinda hard to get used to Windows 7 though . 
Minus 4 degrees out . Coldest it's been so far this winter . It's getting close to what it was like my first year here , but it's still warmer than usual from what I can tell . 
It's 35 out , and it feels much warmer today . Then again it was -11 yesterday . Weather is kinda weird . 
Well among the things that make me happy are states who do not remember the precedents set by the US Supreme Court . I can't wait to see how this nullification issue is dealt with . 
Went to the orchestra last night . Had nothing to do with Stalin , but Shostakovich's 10th Symphony was awesome . 
To paraphrase Neo , \Snow 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Bahraini_protests\ 
It will be a bloody and uphill battle for most of the people within these nations now . These governments have seen the downfall of neighboring governments to revolutionary people and will be determined to prevent it from happening to them . 
We've got hail and snow at the same time now . We've got awesome weather barreling through here . 
Not that long ago it was 55 . Now it's another snowstorm and it's 3 degrees out . I'm so exhausted . 
Headed to the bus at 3:00 PM and I'm going to New York . Let's hope the weather lets up and I can get there on time . 
I need to relax on posting these random articles . 
It went from 60 degrees last weekend , to being 11 this weekend . I can barely take it . 
If anyone can help me find a couple of FREE peer reviewed journal articles for Energy in < PROPFEMALE > , I'd be so freaking happy . All of them cost over $30 from what I found online . I'll be headed to the Ford Library , though searching there would take forever . 
Live from the very computer lab I'm in , apparently there are no land-line servers to logon to ; however , the wireless server is fine . Hmm . 
Right now I am way too busy being awesome . 
I'm wondering if anyone else got this e-mail because I think it is a prank . Somehow I received an e-mail at 1:30 this morning from myself to myself from 2031 . I need to see if someone might have hacked my e-mail to mess with me , because that could mean they have more of my stuff . 
My day has been exhausting . I'm not sure what to do for the rest of the day . I at least finally have exactly one < PROPMALE > thing to due and plenty of time to do it . Though I'm not sure if I can come to grips to keep going today . Oh well , I'm going to lay down . 
I finally finished . . . the blasted Political Science paper . Now to figure out what else I want to do . 
I've gotten sick again . . . This weather . It may not be that much better in Texas , but I just got to get out of here as soon as I can . 
Last Monday : 73 Degrees F\ 
This Monday : 33 Degrees F\ 
That's a 40 degree shift over 7 days . I mean it may not seem that dramatic but , I'm feeling it right now and it feels awful . 
I got a $2 < PROPMALE > in the mail from the university . . . I'm wondering what on e < PROPMALE > h to do with it because I basically have a piece of < PROPMALE > , yet at the same time I have a < PROPMALE > far more useful than a single since nothing here except for the hidden vending machines cost less than a $1.25 
