has a job again next year ! Yeah !!! 

Roooolllllll Tide Roll !!!! Anyone need Gator bait for fishing today on this glorious Sunday :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good night ! 
Loving having the break off from work , and now that I've done everything on my \to do list\ " I am going to just do NOTHING !!! :) " 
I had a half day today , and now tomorrow off too ..... the winter break continues :) 
Not a fan of cold and wet days ..... oh well , guess I get to finish my book :) 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what urban dictionary says about your name in the first comment 
Loving The Who ????? :) Great half time show ! 
Excited about my three day weekend ! 
I'm in shock on recent events . Pray for all the family and friends of the victims of the UAH shooting . 
I just cut 9 inches off my hair ... donating it to a good cause ! I think I'm in shock right now . But , I DO LOVE IT , so hopefully it won't leave me in too much of a shock ! 
TO MY NON-GAME-PLAYING FRIENDS : I play games that generate a lot of posts . This can be irritating if you don't play . If you don't want to see these , move your cursor to the right side of the post or message and the word \Hide\ " will appear . Click on \ " Hide\ " and then \ " click the game name\ " ... not me ... and future message ... s from that game will be hidden on your news feed ! -- Thanks < PROPFEMALE >!" 
Trying to get taxes done .... so frustrating ! 
Doing great ! Glad you hear you are doing so wonderfully ! Hey when's the wedding ? I forgot what you had mentioned ! We think about you lots . Just let me know when you're in town ... I would love to play ! Miss you , too :( 
Let the fun begin ... Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
confused ? why does life have to be so difficult ... can't it just be easy for one day ?!?! 
Thank goodness it is spring break :) Just wish it was a little warmer ! 
Thought it was supposed to be spring ? 
lovin ' life and so thankful it is spring !!! 
Thank goodness SAT testing is done .... why doesn't anyone understand ... they're just kids !!! We will have a loooong recess tomorrow to celebrate :) 
I love spending time with family and friends ... always puts a big smile on my face . :) 
Happy Mother's Day to all the lovely mothers I know , and of course my favorite mom of all .... mine :) 
Why is it , right when things are going great .... it is the calming before the storm ?!?! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes !!! It was a fantastic one ! I won my first ever basket and quite a few other things during a raffle at a tourney :) It was my lucky day !!! One of my best birthdays yet ! 
Three days left for the kids and then \school's out for summer\ " ...... :) " 
Excited about a wedding tonight !!! I love a reason to get dressed up :) 
Got some rainy golf in Huntsville at the Rocket City Blast ... bring it on :) 
One more day of clean-up at work , and \school's out for summer ! \ " :) " 
School is officially out .... see you all in August :) 
Sunday Ladies League will be at Indian Creek in < PROPFEMALE > at 2pm . Due to the fact that Mastin Lake is closed for damaged trees . We are thinking about going to eat for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday before hand . Let me know if you are interested !!! 
Had a fantastic Sunday will disc golf friends , margaritas , and golf !!! What a blast ! 
I hope that ref feels like an @$$ when he looks back on his call . US did what they had to do to come back , and they were robbed !!!! I am still pacing around with frustration ! 
Seriously LOVES Sirius Radio ... Channel 17 :) How did I ever live without live radio . Widespread Panic at Red Rocks in Colorado live show .... check it out ! 
is excited about the World Cup games this weekend .... BUUUUT , I am going to be lost without daily soccer :( 
ATTENTION LADIES LEAGUE :) We are going to playing at 9 at < PROPMALE > Sano on Sunday .... due to the World Cup Finals Sunday afternoon :) So , if you would like to join us we'll see ya soon ... OH , and I think we might play doubles ... we'll just see who shows up ! 
It's World Cup Finals time .... where are you watching it ? I'm soooo excited !!! 
Rain , Rain go away ..... I wanted to play some golf today :( 
Packed and ready to play some golf in Mobile this weekend !!! Leaving tomorrow morning ..... can't wait !!! 
Starts back school in a little over a week ..... :( Where's the disklike button when you need it !!! 
REPOSTED ~ < PROPFIRST > Northup ATTENTION !!! ***DONOT accept a friend request from a < PROPFIRST > BUTTERFIELD and JENNIFER\ 
< PROPFEMALE > SMITH they are hackers . Tell every 1 on your list because if \ 
somebody on your list adds him , he'll be on yourlist too . He'll figure \ 
out your computer's ID and address , so copy & paste ...... this \ 
... message to ever ...... yone even if you don't care for them because if he hacks them , he hacks you 
Had the best time at my family reunion this weekend creating memories , eating delicious food , and listening to my very talented cousins play some fantastic music !!! I wish we could get everyone together more than once a year ! 
is sooooo excited about spending time with the girls today :) Starting off at the Shrimpfest and then headed to a birthday party for one of the greatest ladies in the world !!! This is going to be a WONDERFUL day !!! 
Back to School !!! Good luck to all the teachers and students ! 
Is it Friday yet ???? 
Can't stop thinking about True Blood tonight .... it still has my head spinning ! 
Sitting at Huntsville Hospital waiting to find out if Zach has something seriousb but let's pray not ! 
It has been a long week ! So glad it's Friday ! 
Won an hour massage at the Kid's Expo ( thanks for taking me Stef ) , and now I'm getting ready to go < PROPFEMALE>'s Wedding .... it is going to be a blast :) This day just couldn't get any better .... or could it ;) 
is thinking Fall Break was created for the teachers not the students .... 9 straight days off ... bring it on !!! 
I like it on the dining room table . 
is really excited about this weekend ! It is going to be a FANTASTIC end to my Fall Break !!! 
is thinking volunteering for the DUNKING BOOTH at my school's Fall Festival .... is a crazy idea . The plus is lots of students are raiding their piggy banks for a shot at me .... lots of money for our school :) Wish me luck !!! 
It's that time of the year again ... scary movie marathons . I have never been a scary movie fan ( I'm a weenie ) . Some are really good and some are just plain cheesy . I want to know ... what is the best scary movie you have ever seen ? 
I am so proud of my third graders ! They have a two < PROPFEMALE > article in the Huntsville Times Education Section today :) It was such a fantastic and well written article about my kids . Our future leaders :) I am SO proud ! 
is so excited about the beautiful golfin ' weather this weekend ... can't wait !!! 
enjoyed the afternoon off sitting by the fire curled up with my two favorite pups , and a cup of coffee to top it off !!! 
Tough girls come from New York , Sweet girls come from Texas , and < PROPFEMALE > girls come from California , but we Southern GALS have fire & ice in our blood ! We can be a < PROPFEMALE > , throw a left hook , love football , pack heat , < PROPFEMALE > with the boys , bake a cake , love with passion ... and if we have an opinion - you KNOW you're gonna hear it !! Re-Post ... If you're a SOUTHERN GIRL !!! 
Milk .. check . Eggs ... check . Bread ... check . Eggnog/Brandy ... double check . Bring on the snow and the possibility of two days off :) 
SNOW , SNOW , SNOW , SNOW .......... LOTS OF SNOW !!! I'm in Heaven ! 
Enjoying snow cream by the fire waiting for some football ! Roll Ducks Roll !!! 
Off work again tomorrow ..... can you say CABIN FEVER !!! 
Antionce Dodson on Tosh . 0 Comedy Central .. HILARIOUS !!!! 
This year we will experience 4 unusual dates .... 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , 11/11/11 .... NOW go figure this out .... take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be THIS year and it WILL EQUAL TO 111 . Re-posted from someone else ' status . Kinda weird ... 
felt like a kid again today ! I went to the Monster Truck Show today with two of my favorite friends ..... we had a blast ! Still worrying about the guys on the motor bikes doing their insane tricks .... AND I MEAN INSANE ...... my palms are sweaty just thinking about it ! 
If your Mom is a hard working woman and is your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were and is just the BEST MOM EVER , if you are blessed to still have your MOM or if she is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Mom . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one MOM . I love you < PROPFIRST > Zurowski ! 
had one of her worse days ever ! Definitely changed my perspective on a few things ..... 
Cousins are the 1st friends of our lives .... When you grow up , they are still your friends ..... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the\ 
world !!! They may not be a part of your daily life , but they are never\ 
far from your thoughts and memories !! 
Off again today ! I'm going to enjoy the time off , and deal with the frustration of going to school until June .... when May hits :) 
Tonight is the yearly talent show for my school , and I am crazy enough to agree to participate ... even though I have no talents . My kids think I'm funny , so I will be doing a \G-rated\ " Comedy Bit ...... OH MY THIS IS GOING TO BE INTERESTING !!! " 
A wise old man once said-There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So love the people who treat you right , pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is a part of life , getting back up is living ~ Re-post if you agree 
Ugh ! I'm sick again ! Third time this year ..... I've been lucky not to get sick the last few years ..... making up for lost time :( 
