sittin at home all day sucks ... i need money ! 

Another hot muggy boring day here 
i finished my room last night lol now i gotta do it all over again cause i hate it ! 
Mrs. Ethington you will be missed 
Goin to the lake tomorrow !!! woohoo !!!! 
Finally dnt have to wait forever to get on here lol i figured out how to do it from my phone !! 
Havein a blast on the lake !! 
O goodness im burnt bad 
Wondering if things are gonna turn around for me anytime soon . 
Rain rain go away come again another day 
Guess the docter dnt want my money these people been givein me the run around for weeks 
These people really dnt want my money . I been sittin by the phone all day again today . 
Got to spend the day with my neice yesterday , i had a blast !! 
Ever had one of those days that you just knew you should have just stayed in bed ? 
Been dealin with these billing people for a month now . I thought i was gonna get my answer today ... no she has to talk to someone else to see what to do ... 
They called me back finally !!!! 
Gosh dang it everybody playin chicken with me today !! 
Haha im behind the bus laughin at all the kids !!!! 
So my sister thinks she can get me in trouble hahahahahaha !!!!!!!! better try again sis !!! 
Got a nice surprise this mornin my bro called and him and my neice came to spend some time with me 
Shew i been helpin mom clean her room . We been at it since 8 this mornin . Yay for us we cleanin all week ..... 
Yum chillis was great !! thanks mom !!! 
Got all the house cleaned finally geez lol mom go back to work !!! 
Shew made it with 1 < PROPFEMALE > to spare 
Anybody kno how to make the sound come back on dads computer ?! 
Lets go UK !! lets get this season started right before it even starts !! 
Dang my tv went out how am i supposed to watch the game now ? 
O it came back on !! yay !! 
Had a great day got to spend time with the family , found a new shirt this morning and UK won the game ! 
Wow it actully feels nice outside !!! 
Ugh why does mom insist on makein me do the one chore i absolutely hate doin ? 
Hmmm and now my phone is messin up ... Geez what a day 
Grrrrr stupid phone let me do what i want ... I think its time to make a trip to bluegrass lol b4 i throw this phone ! 
Wow my phone is messin up mom insists on torchering me with the dishes and then i found a spider comein for me in the shower ! Not a good day !!! 
If UK wins this game tonight it will make my day all better ! 
Always say what u mean and mean what u say . 
I just got my heart broke in the worst way ... 
Cause when a heart breaks no it dnt break even . Wat am i gonna do when the best part of me was always u . Wat am i supposed to say when im all choked up an ur ok 
Waitin for my bank card to come in the mail ... Thinking some retail therapy sounds like a good idea 
Ice cream anyone ?? 
Havein an ok day better then the last few anyway 
Well i got my 4 hours of sleep now cant sleep no more . Hmmm guess i have time to clean out my purse and then try to get these bills paid .... 
Hmmm maybe later then 
How am i supposed to ask the bank my question if they wont answer none of there phones ?? 
Bank is makein me upset 
Wow what a day and it aint even really got started yet ..... 
Im part < PROPFEMALE > so what happened to my luck ??! 
My dad almost made me have a heart attack this mornin i really thought someone was breaking into the house 
Omg i just found out my dad has never seen < PROPMALE > gump !!!! 
O yea just found this cd i been lookin for !!!! im very excited !!! 
Im puttin on my shades to cover up my eyes im jumpin in my ride im headin out tonight im solo im ridein solo im ridein solo im ridein solo !!!!!! 
This is what i get for goin to bed early now im wide awake at almost 4 in the mornin 
Have alot on my mind gonna b one of those nights i dnt sleep well ... 
Is in a very good mood today :) 
Jammin today :) 
Cant wait til tommorow !!!! GO CATS !!!!! 
Lets go big blue !!!!! 
Man it is such a nice day ! great day to beat the cards ! \ 
GO BIG BLUE !! 
20-6 lol wow can we get a game goin here !!! \ 
2nd half here we go !!!!! \ 
O yea whos proud to bleed blue ?!!! I am !!!!! \ 
Had a great time at the zoo with the family today 
Im not sure how u mess up jello but i did !!!! 
Its not in my head it just hurts !!!! 
Whos goin to iron horse tomorrow ?? 
Drivein + mom in car = < PROPMALE > stress 
Bored laid up in bed with foot bein iced up :( 
Cant get comfortable enough to sleep . 
Goodmornin everybody .... O wait nobody up yet cause its waaaay to early ! 
Home alone on a friday night ... Party anyone ?! lol jk 
All my fav songs playin as loud as want cause the parents arnt here to tell me otherwise !!! :) 
All my fav songs playin as loud as i want cause the parents arnt here to tell me otherwise !!! :) 
1 hour til parents get back lol thanks mom for callin and warning me lol i coulda had my party ! 
Hmm found some old homemovies just now lol all gotta say is what was my mom thinkin when she picked my clothes out that morning ??!!! 
Ugh bored , no electricity , parents dnt wanna do anything , need to talk to someone !!! 
Ugh people learn to drive or atleast please dnt play with my life !!! 
Fav song on the radio makes life so much better even for just a few mins 
Can't sleep have alot on my mind 
Totally dark in my room , very cool , fav music playing and benadryl is starting to kick in . Goodnight people been a rough day . 
o darn weekend over o wait lol ive had like a 3 month long weekend , ugh cant wait to find a job !!! 
My song !!!! yay o my day has just got better !!!! and no uncle < PROPFIRST > i am not textin and drivein right now my dad is drivein !!! 
I feel horrible got like 0 sleep last night and feel very sick . ugh i hate when ther weather changes . 
Wish where here to make us all laugh again < PROPFIRST > . Miss you so much . 
Ugh ... 
I am so glad for the friends and family i have ... forget all these other jerks ... 
I just finished reading the book \my sister's keeper\ " WOW " 
Hmmm i need a new profile pic !!! i should work on that !! 
Cant possibly mix this day up any worse !! 
I just don't know anymore ... 
o yea only one more week !!! the countdown is on !!!! 
hmmm i seem to have forgot my pic again .... 
5 more days !!! 
cant get this song outta my head gonna have to jam at home i guess !!!! 
Thanks everybody for all the bday wishes it was a good day ! 
OK got my resume made lol now i need a job !!! any advice ??? 
Ok so a week ago i was all ready to go out and get a job ... had my resume all fixed up and stuff ... now i have no car .... GRRRRRRRRRR 
Ok well atleast i dnt have to b bored anymore and got facebook back on my phone :) 
O yea my jam !!!!! and no < PROPFIRST > before u ask im not drivein ! found the new jam for 2011 !!!!!!! 
Dear May , \ 
Where r u ? I miss you ! 
Im a pro bowler !!! woohoo ! well on the wii anyway i suck in real life ! lol 
Mmmm mint chocolate chip ice cream !!!!!! who cares if its only 20 degrees outside my mom loves me !!!! 
Has your sign changed ? Who cares ?! Call 973-409-3463 to hear how bad your life is gonna be ! \ 
WOW this was just randomly sent to my phone ! should i b scared ? lol 
Ugh STOP snowing !!!!! 
Had a great weekend !!!! i cant wait to go out with my girls again in a few weeks gonna b a blast !!!!! 
so my sis is dissin me for my music i listen to now i cant help i got better taste then her !!! 
Hangin with my aunts today !!!! 
PLEASE stop snowing !!!!! im so sick of this !!!! UUUUGGGGHHHHH 
Its been snowin all day ugh im ready for spring 
Hey guys my phone messed up an i lost alot of < PROPFIRST > if u can call or txt me lol id appereciate it ! :) 
Was just told to get in the car lets go ........ hmmmmm ...... Lol 
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY EVERYONE !!!!!!!!! 
Such a pretty day i even had the car window down !!! 
2 NICE DAYS IN A ROW !!!! KEEP EM COMEING !!!! 
Had so much fun this past weekend cant wait to < PROPFEMALE > with my girls again !!!! 
Hopeing for some real good luck on monday !!!! 
So i just got back from my interview .... talk about haveing butterflies !!!! Wish they would go away !!!! 
Please please please please let me hear some good news this week !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Sleep in late tomorrow !!! woo hoo !!!! sorry to u people who have to work HAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!! 
so i got an extra 3% on my paycheck just for showing up on time !!!!! now i just have to wait to get it :( 
Hanging with a good friend tomorrow cant wait gonna be a blast !!!! 
GOOOOO CATS !!!! 
WOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOO !!!! GOOOOOO BIG BLUE !! 
Yay i got my phone fixed !!!! now i have my phone i dnt have to be embaressed to < PROPFEMALE > around !!!!!! lol 
Hanging with my bestie :) 
