Check out < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE>'s Kisses that Count App ! I love my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > business , help support me with the fight against Domestic Violence ! 

New pics up in the morning ! I got my new car ! Thank you Jesus ! 
Yes , I'm getting married ! 
Finally made it home ! I have so much work to do !!!! 
I am home from < PROPFIRST > and ready to hit the ground running ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the picture , you are so inspiring ! 
Livid right about now . I love to be a shoulder to cry on and a backbone of support , but please people . Whoa is me isn't working . Everyone has hard times , your sob story isn't any sadder than someone else who is going through the same thing . Pick yourself 
Man , it's almost friday and I'm booked til next friday ! I'm not complaining , its awesome having money coming in like that ! 
Hey girls ! I'm planning my wedding for next July ! Any ideas , or vendors ? 
Happy Birthday to my one and only ! I love you RJ ! 
Man , I am really feeling < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Can't live without you ! 
Well my sweetheart is gone , temporarily ! That's ok D.I. Q . here I come ! I am courageous and brave in all that I do because God's perfect love drives out fear and I can do all things thru Christ who gives me strength . 1 Jn 4:18 , < PROPMALE > 4:13 
Miller's Millionaires , we are coming for you ! We want the number one spot ! Huge shout outs to new team members that came in with a qualified order . < PROPFEMALE > , MK world watch out for her , she is kicking butt and taking names ! Lohnnie is also a storm to watch brew , she came in as a Sapphire < PROPFEMALE > ! Now that is what I am talking about ! South < PROPFEMALE > hasn't seen anything yet ! 
I'm not too hungry , well for food anyway ! I just want my hubby back home ! I miss you boo ! I love you , with my whole heart ! Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! I am so thankful to be blessed with friends as such ! 
Before I walk into a room , they see power , a light that shines so bright , that God will not allow me to hide ! My steps have purpose , passion , and a why so strong , I cannot be defeated ! 
Happy New Year everyone ! This year is going to be a better year than the last for so many of us ! 
We are masters of the unsaid words , but slaves of those we let slip out . Sir < PROPMALE > Churchill . 
Should I be counting down ? 93 days until I am officially Mrs. Miller ! 
When you are motivated to do something , you focus on it night and day , obstacles can't stop you . 
Can someone explain to me why its 4 am and I can't fall back asleep ? 
Thanks to everyone for all the birthday wishes ! You are such a blessing ! Time to sweat it out in the gym , I still got it ! 
In worship mode : 
In worship mode : You and You alone , You and You alone , I lift my hands and worship You alone ! 
Wow ! Headed back to the Springs , first time since 2007 ! Don't you just hate flights with crying kids the whole way ! So much for the peace ! 
First day in the Springs and its cold as hell ! I need my Charleston heat back ! 
I will bless the Lord at ALL times and His praise shall continually be in my mouth ! Today is a beautiful day full of blessings , destined favor , and grand opportunities . 
I guess I could be considered heartless for what I am about to post ! But there is no reason to login to fb everyday reminding everyone that you are a happy mom and wife ! If you were so happy you wouldn't have to remind yourself everyday ! Ugghhhhh , I can't take it ! 
Unless your heart , your soul , and your whole being are behind every decision you make , the words from your mouth will be empty , and each action will be meaningless . Truth and confidence are the roots of confidence . -Anon . 
51 days on the countdown . SO much can happen in 51 days ! 
Ughhhhh ! Another boring briefing ! 
Check out the South < PROPFEMALE > Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy ! June 17th-18th Embassy Suites Convention Center ! 
What better way to spend your day , when you are walking in the favor of the Lord ! I'm going full throttle , throwing me heart in the game , the heart of a champion wins every time even if he doesn't . 
So I can't help it if I'm a hopeless romantic ! Sharing a very romantic evening with the man of my dreams ! God is so good to me ! 
Its so early and I can't sleep ! I hope this has nothing to do with the 3 cups of coffee I drank ! 
Today is a perfect day for the beach ! 
< PROPFIRST > Brown is back at it ! That's what I Love to see ! 
Everybody has a happy place ! I just left my number one , B and N ! 
Does anyone have any last minute advice , 28 days and I will be a married woman ! Watch out for the new last name , Miller ! 
And the countdown is on : 20 days until our wedding ! Sometimes the people who you think are important really aren't . 
Gotta love living near the beach ! Its a scorching 89 degrees and the water is nice and cool ! 
Its officially lazy day today ! Next week is going to be crazy for the wedding ! Let the races begin ! 
I give myself away so You can use me . My life is not my own , to you I belong , I give myself , I give myself to You ! Late post , but it is never too late to share what God has done in MY life ! so blessed to be a blessing ! 
Thank you everyone who has sent me txt and cards , I wish you could all be here today to celebrate with us ! Meanwhile , I look forward to changing my name ! Today I become Kennae Miller ! 
Happiness is what you make it to be . I am so grateful to have all of my natural and spiritual needs met ! And to my husband , I love You so much ! thanks for dealing with the bridezilla moments . Pictures to come ! 
It's me day ! Kick back and feet up , pedicure , favorite lunch ! 
To the best husband ever , Happy Birthday my love ! Many more days and blessings to come . Its a pleasure to share this life with you ! 
Mmmmmmmmm , out to dinner for Rj's birthday , gotta love Japanese food and a show . 
Cremation Sale ! Buy one cremation get one 50% off ! Limited Time offer . -Only in Sumter , SC 
What is going on with the world ? Just because you get married doesn't mean within 48hrs you need to start making babies ! I'm not a baby machine , you want babies ? Have your own ! 
TGIF : its date night ! Its the simple things in life that make the complications in life worth it ! Unplugging from the world in 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 .......... 
I guess this is considered a business trip , so why am I not excited ? 
Looking for the positives in being away from home ! I miss my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Today was a much better day ! God has surrounded me with His favor no matter where I go ! I am so grateful and so blessed ! Maybe there's a reason for me being in New Jersey ! 
Gods mercy is new EVERY morning and His favor surrounds me EVERYwhere I go ! 
Happy Birthday to the woman who taught me to be strong , but humble ! The woman who allowed God to use her body , mind , and soul as a vessel to produce greatness ! I love you Mom and am so grateful to have you in my life ! 
No matter how old you get or how much you think you know , you never stop learning ! Knowledge , wisdom , and understanding . 
Movie night tonight ! Its not the same as when its movie night with the spouse . Green Zone and Surrogates . 
I just want my husband ! And there's a huge possibility I could be stuck here after friday-thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
Living a positive lifestyle means removing things that are not in agreement with it . Whether that be people , places , things , or ideas ! 
Haaa ! God is sooo good , He allowed me to get an earlier flight , I can't wait to get home now ! I miss my < PROPFEMALE > ! Soory , maybe next time < PROPMALE > ! 
I've heard of cleaning out your closet , but I am cleaning out my inner circle . Some people who are sitting in it aren't meant to be there . Reason , season , or lifetime ? I just found two seasonal characters , time to put them in the recycle bin of the mind ! 
Aint no husband like the one I got ! He never fails to remind me everyday how much I mean to him ! Love you babe ! 
Back in the real world after being in the field , sorry guys if you've called my cell phone isn't working ! 
I love having Thursdays as a me day ! I'm looking good and feeling good ! I can conquer the world with God on my side and my families support ! 
Headed to Columbia , thank God Rj is driving and not me ! lol watch the Channel 5 news for road rage incidents ! 
I am so blessed , God definitely knows the right people to send in your direction ! Thank you Father ! 
Who would have known , I made a new friend today in Wal Mart , we entertain angels unaware ! Day 1 of the 5 o clock club , I'm feeling real good ! Thank God for waking me up this morning with a song in my heart ! 
Just when I thought I cleaned out the drama filled , self centered , leeches in my life a few more begin to show themselves . Don't worry there is space for you somewhere else , not in my life . Sometimes when you grow , everybody you know can't go with you . Quit mistaking my kindness for weakness , because the other part of me will jump on you so quick you won't know what happened . 
Blah blah blah ! Reggae fest , jerk chicken , curry goat , beef patties , and monkey bread , don't forget the Malibu ! 
Goldsboro , NC is definitely a place I wouldn't miss if I left ! Wow ! 
Man , I haven't wanted to go home so bad in the last few days . Ughhh , I usually love Mondays ! 
It is so funny to witness how fake people can be when attention is on them or when males are around them , they act very EXTRA . But when someone doesn't play their bs games then they want to pose as a victim ! Ughh 
You can't claim to love someone and not support what they are about . At the same time Faith and Fear cannot dwell in the same heart ! Man , I tell you this circle of people in my life is getting smaller and smaller ! 
In my happy place- well one of them ! Who says rainy days can't be good days ?! 
Grey's Anatomy ! Whoo Hoo ! My day is so fun , everyone needs some me time , brownies , and a pedicure ! Gotta love it ! 
So , I have this hot date tonight ! He is so fine , smooth as chocolate , and knows how to treat a lady like a < PROPFEMALE > ! Who knows where this night may lead , Mr Miller is the man of my dreams ! Date Night ! 
So I ponder : How much fake is enough fake , until you yourself start to believe that it is real ? Fake hair , check , fake nails , check , fake eyelashes , check , fake nails , check , fake contacts , check . Hello , is anyone there or is everyone becoming a fake < PROPFEMALE > ? What happen to the good ole days when a person had to work hard for what they wanted ? And if you think I am talking about you , maybe I am ! 
Warning : this news feed is for the stupid people who don't have the guts to tell another adult that you just don't like them or care for them but because you work together you will be cordial with one another . For you who have a \problem\ " with someone because the person you happen to be sleeping with has a \ " personal problem\ " with a person . I don't understand why you and yours have nothing better to talk about but me " 
I had a wonderful day today with my husband and in-laws . Spent sometime with a fun and very loving couple ! Back to getting life on the right track ! 
Yeah boy , time to get it in ! Spending time with the wonderful , strong man in my life ! I love you Mr. Rj Miller ! Now time to lay the smacketh downeth ! 
Couples bowling , that's what I'm talking about ! Maybe if I put the bumpers out I can get a strike ! Lol 
Well , Summer's 2 , Miller's 1 ! Until next time ! lol 
Headed to Atlanta ! Here we go . 
Someone explain to me why I am in Atlanta , and not one tv channel in the hotel has ATL Housewives on ? Ughhh , guess that means I shouldn't be watching it ! 
I'm gonna soak up the sun , gonna tell everyone to light up ! Wait , there's no sun out . I can create my own ! I'm having a great day it can only get better from here ! Expecting lots of great news ! Whooo hoooo , FIST PUMP ! 
Sometimes the truth hurts , but if you'd rather be a coward and not hear it , then don't expect anything to get better ! Sometimes the best thing to do is change that means leave people behind sometimes , that means doing things differently sometimes . In order to get what you never had , you have to do something you've never done ! 
Don't be upset , I have out lived the expectations you expected for me ! That's what I am suppose to do , YOU cannot define what I am or shall be , nor can YOU tell me how far I can go in life . YOU cannot expect me to live to the vision you have for me , I have my own vision in life , so if your vision doesn't match up with mine , then YOURS doesn't matter ! 
On duty for the Pumpkin Patrol ! Volunteering for the kids ! Everyone be safe ! 
Mondays are remarkable ! I reap ! Man harvest season is great ! Time to start sowing seed ! 
You cannot be me ! I was anointed to be me , and you weren't! 
Buzzards and leeches are there , lurking on you . Waiting their < PROPMALE > for you to receive Your blessing , so they can try to get Your blessing or parts of it for them . Just like enabled people , they want you to do the work for them , and if you aren't careful and you lack under developed compassion , they will succeed everytime . 
Just want to let those close to me know that I love and appreciate you . I'm so grateful God placed you in my life . I will be MiA for a little while , but it doesn't mean you guys are close to my heart ! 
Well , to ALL my fellow veterans I know you had a blessed day , it is such an honor to serve with you ! OAN : Shout out to my favorite vets , Dad ( Army-retired ) , father-in-law ( Army-retired ) and my husband RJ ( Air Force ) . I have truly been blessed with the best < PROPMALE > in the world to have as a partner ! I love you Mr. Miller ! 
Tomorrow will be a full day of class , but tonight is all about fun with the hubby ! 
For this Q&A game , don't ask me any questions if you don't want the blunt truth answer ! 
Q : If you could start over and be with someone else , would you ? A : No , I know that you are the one for me ! God designed you Just for me and me for you ! 
Well , I've come to the conclusion that southern New Jersey really isn't that bad ! Well , I could do without the morning fog , but waking up besides my husband makes it all worth it ! 
In New Jersey soaking up all the training I can get ! Headed to the Amish Market for lunch , mmm ribs and fresh squeezed lemonade ! 
So grateful for being able to wake up this morning ! Thank you Daddy ! I walk in boldness everyday because I know whose and what I am ! So excited about every opportunity that comes my way ! SN : last day of class , passing a test and then headed to NEW YORK ! 
New York City !?! it got dark quick but I'm on my way ! 
Time to be on the road again ! Junction City , here we come ! Road trips are usually fun , but a drive through Kansas makes me realize why < PROPFEMALE > kept saying \there's no place like home \"!" 
New feelings about my life : Eat , Pray , Love , God , Me , Family ! I'm living life for me and doing what I want and enjoy ! Life is way too short to do things that please other people and make others happy 24/7 ! 
On the road , again ! I'm not singing about it , but there is something appealing about driving home and getting in your own bed . If only the drive wasn't 20 hours . 
Sunday night routine : Jerseylicious , Housewives of Atlanta , and lots of pampering ! Shout out to my best friend and husband , Rj I love you boo , you are the best ! And of course my mom , I love you too , I wouldn't be as good of a woman as I am without you ! 
Today , I celebrate myself for being a woman ! For being strong , for smiling when I feel like crying , for bearing someone elses sorrow when I cannot bare my own , for being beautiful even though society says I don't fit the mold , for being a daughter of the Most High , and a < PROPFEMALE > to my husband ! 
Strawberry Banana smoothie to start the day ! Whoooo , that leads to fist pumpin in the kitchen ! 
Its Thursday ! Whooo , hoooo ! Me day in other words , there's no telling what this day will bring ! Work , then after that gotta get those creative juices put to work ! 
BEER ! 
So to the Christmas party we go ! I volunteered to be DD , that is under 2 conditions ; if you throw up on my tan interior you will be left on the side of the road and if I don't like you I might beat the hell out of you and tell you tomorrow how drunk you were and took a hard fall ! 
Had some good laughs at the party , headed out for some fun with the husband ! 
I am not moved to act because of Your insecurities or intentions . 
Just enjoyed a wonderful lunch with the beautiful , blessed , and talented Kierra ! I am so grateful for the friendship we share ! 
I'm dripped and draped in Favor and Prosperity ! Wisdom is the principle thing ; therefore get wisdom : and with all thy getting get understanding . Proverbs 4:7 
I am a Winner , I am Victorious , I can do ALL things yes I can ! I am Triumphant , nothing is over me , I overcome by the blood of the Lamb ! Greater is HE that lives in me ! 
I'm so excited for today and tomorrow's Open House ! If you are local , stop by and grab some food , win some prizes and get set for the New Year ! Shop from your seat and not from your feet , todays hours 10am to 4 pm ! Sales and discounts ! 
2011 is fast approaching and I know God has raised up favor that is other people with ability , influence , and power to do things on my behalf ! Keeping all things in perspective I cannot be moved by other peoples emotions , motives , and insecurities in life . 
In one of my happy places ! There is a gift inside of me for someone else ! I thank God for allowing me the opportunities to utilize my gift everyday ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! May God continue to bless you and your family ! 
Looks like a white christmas after all ! Thank you Lord ! Last time I've seen snow was 2007 ! 
Had a beautiful day today ! Just want to give a shout out to the < PROPMALE > in my life ! Rj , I love you and appreciate you for being the man you are inspite of all circumstances and having your heart following the things of God , therefore making yourself a better leader for our home ! 2011 is going to be our best year , God has so much for us ! Let's receive it ! 
Don't try to remind me of the past because you are stuck in it ! I'm on to new bigger and better things ! Today is going to be a favor filled prosperous day ! Favor aint fair ! 
OH My ! I am sooo hungry ! I can taste the melted cheese in my mouth , the hot pepperoni going down my throat , and the italian sausage landing in my stomach ! I just want this pizza to come out the overn already ! 
Today was a beautiful day ! I have to keep reminding people that I am not moved by their emotions and insecurities . On that note I'm going to bed with a Shakespear thought : This above all to thine ownself be true . No reason to fake the funk ! 
Man , real eye opener ! My husband is the best , just enlightened me with some vital knowledge . This year is going to be the best year ever and I am so excited for all the change ! 
Oh how I love Jesus ! Today was a wonderful day , I'm so glad that MY heavenly father does things his way in bigger ways then my mind can conceive ! I'm blessed to be a blessing ! 
