had a fun day at work . I am boycotting drama this week . I am off to < PROPFEMALE>'s t-ball game . :) 

is getting mentally ready for the work week . Only five days until vacation time !!! I will have plenty of time for some projects , sun , swimming , and hanging out with friends and family . 
“Man often becomes what he believes himself to be . If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing , it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it . On the contrary , if I have the belief that I can do it , I shall su 
is exhausted ! Two more days till vacation time !!! :) 
is wondering why my brother Tucker was able to scare the crap out of me so easily . He comes towards me with his hand closed . Yes we all know this means he has a bug or something because that is what brothers do . I start screaming and he opens his hand 
is thinking I should head to bed . Especially if I am going to get up early to lay out in the beautiful sun in the morning . :) 
thinks farmtown is addictive ! 
is heading to the zoo with the kids . :) 
“Life lives , life dies . Life laughs , life cries . Life gives up and life tries . But life looks different through everyone's eyes . ” 
is missing and remembering my mom today . 
cannot get addicted to any more games !!! I need to sleep , so I can play the work game . LOL 
heading outside to enjoy the sun and to let go of the stress in my life . 
“You never lose by loving . You always lose by holding back . ” - < PROPFEMALE > De Angelis 
is thinking too much tonight . I must need sleep to focus and re-prioritize . 
is truly grateful and appreciative for great advice from my friends . 
thinking I better get my notes to work and then need some sleep , so I can get up before noon . 
is talking to my sweet six year old niece < PROPFEMALE > on the phone . She has her own cell phone so she texts me goodnight and then calls because it is easier . How cute ! 
thinks the fiddlin monkey rocks ! 
children should not know the term CPS . 
is feeling positive and happy . :) 
Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about . -- Author Unknown 
Even though you may want to move forward in your life , you may have one foot on the brakes . In order to be free , we must learn how to let go . Release the hurt . Release the fear . Refuse to entertain your old pain . The energy it takes to < PROPFEMALE > onto the past is holding you back from a new life . What is it you would let go of today ? -- < PROPFIRST > Manin Morrissey 
has too much to say , so I will say nothing at all . 
Once bitten by a snake , you are even frightened by a rope that resembles a snake . 
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life as by the obstacles which he has overcome . < PROPMALE > T . Washington 
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets . So , love the people who treat you right , forgive the ones who don't and believe that everything happens for a reason . If you get a < PROPMALE > , take it . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said it'd be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . 
was sitting her thinking I needed to find something positive about the snow and how it is never ending . So I found this quote and it made me laugh and I really needed that , so I will share with all of you ... “Sex is like snow , you never know how many inches you're going to get or how long it will last” 
wondering why I am spending time thinking about those individuals that live their life by trying to hurt others . It is wrong , plain and simple . Don't quite understand how someone who has no integrity can maintain a position . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Long day 
I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices , and we have to accept the consequences of every deed , word , and thought throughout our lifetime . < PROPFEMALE > Kubler-Ross 
“Are you upset little friend ? Have you been lying awake worrying ? Well , don't worry ... I'm here . The flood waters will recede , the famine will end , the sun will shine tomorrow , and I will always be here to take care of you . - < PROPFIRST > Brown to Snoopy” 
I need to leave cafe world !!!! Too addicitive . By the way if you play , please help me out by sending gifts and my spice rack parts . 
been addicted to cafe world for the last three days ... but honestly it isn't enough to keep my mind busy . 
Thinking I need some sun ... Emily has been tanning and the pastey white girl is darker than me . 
It is a gorgeous day outside ... time for sun and some egg stuffing !!! Good bye cafe world . 
Give a little respect to Monday 
Wish me luck ... taking the girls shopping . We already had a jump rope contest . I surprised < PROPFEMALE > when I won the contest ... lol . 
Thank you dear sister of mine for helping me with gifts . Too bad < PROPFEMALE > wasn't as kind . :( 
Shopping with Em ... she is looking for a dress . Super fun ! 
cafe friends .. I only have five minutes to save the wedding , so can you please help !!! 
having a great day . Went to < PROPMALE>'s first communion . He was so nervous I thought he was going to vomit , but he made it through it . Very proud of my god child . We had brunch , cake , and good times . 
so I am watching gabe and he wants to get some pop rocks . Well , I tell him I need to exercise first and I ask him if he is going to exercise with me . He says yeah and jumps down on the floor doing push ups . Then he asks me what else I have to do . I tell him I have to shave my legs . He says I am not going to do that ... I am not good at that . LMAO 
Getting a pedi with my sis . :) 
Lunch with Dad and < PROPFEMALE > . My food is going to spoil in cafe world . :( 
ugh ... taxes . 
going to work out to relieve some stress . 
it is absolutely gorgeous outside today ! Can't wait until it gets super hot . 
remembering my dear friend that died too young . I miss you < PROPFEMALE > Rausher ! You always knew how to have fun and were one of my best friends growing up . I can't believe it has been so long . 
seriously ... how many times can I wash my chapstick with my clothes . Ugh ! 
stop stalking me !!! 
At dirtwood 
missing you 
time for sleep 
If roses grow in Heaven , Lord , please pick\ 
a bunch for me . Place them in my Mother's arms and tell her they're from\ 
me . Tell her I love her and miss her , and when she turns to smile , \ 
place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for a while . Because\ 
remembering her is easy , I do it everyday , but there is an ache within\ 
my heart that will never go away . Happy Mother's Day Mom . Miss you . 
god only gives us what we can handle < PROPFEMALE > ... 
listening to my work out cd .... now if I just need to decide if I should work out or not ? 
Watching < PROPFEMALE>'s soccer game 
enjoying the nice rain and cool weather 
Ugh 
Gee ... I love my family . 
went to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE>'s dance recital . The girls did a great job and were absolutely adorable !!! 
went to < PROPFEMALE>'s award ceremony . She received the top reader for 3rd grade and the top reader for the < PROPMALE > Lake School . AWESOME job < PROPFEMALE > !!! I am so proud of you . 
Weather is suppose to be sizzling hot and < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ... can't wait to get some . 
My long lost brother finally has a fb account . Watch out ... 
Beautiful morning .... heading to the cemetary . 
reflecting on the past . Lots to think about . 
ready for some changes . 
another sleepless night ... ugh ! :-( 
Gorgeous night outside ... enjoying the nice breeze . 
Loves my brother < PROPFIRST > 
Another day in time , another day of significance 
I think I may have a shopping addiction !!! 
headache finally gone ! Time to get ready to run errands ... hope I can fit some shopping time in . I need to find my dad a father's day gift ... if anyone has ideas please share , since my brothers are no help . :-) He wanted me to have a job by Father's day , but all I have going on is an interview next week . I may end up getting him gift cards again . 
just experienced complete chaos with a load of family visiting . 
Thinking I may have to relocate to a new city on August 1st . 
Looking for golf balls with the boys and < PROPFEMALE > . The water is a little chilly . 
Enjoyed my day with the whole family for Father's Day . Pictures were especially entertaining with < PROPFIRST>'s annoying little toy . 
7:30 A.M. is going to come too soon !!! I need sleep . :-) 
heading out soon for a job interview . I'm thinking I am ready to work again to help support my shopping habit . :-) 
heading to < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party . 
Road trip with my dad ... woo hoo . 
Happy Birthday to my baby brother < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > !!! 
At the slowdown with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > getting ready to watch Cursed by Moonlight . 
Fireworks were awesome ... gearing up to watch Lesnar and Carwin fight !!! 
Omg < PROPMALE > had me worried in the first round . I thought he was done , but that man came through and kicked ass !!! 
Taking my sassy niece < PROPFEMALE > for a pedicure . 
realizing everything in life comes full circle . Usually I am one to think you get what you put into life ... I guess today isn't one of those days . 
Woo hoo < PROPFIRST > Bader is fighting on Sept . 25th ... I can't wait to watch !!! 
at my sisters watching the kids while she has surgery . Hope all goes well for her . The kids are sleeping but I have several cats to entertain me . Did I mention I am allergic to cats and can't breathe ? Guess I am going to need to wake the kids soon to go for a ride . 
Watching \A Walk to Remember . \"" 
Lmao ... Ezra says everyone has liquids in their eyes ... this child is so logical as he explains why people cry . He wasn't a fan of the movie . 
Only two more days until the new Korn cd is released !!! I can't wait ! 
been shopping too much lately , so it is time to clean out some old clothes again . Hopefully I will get a < PROPMALE > to get some stuff done and my kind , loving sisters will talk to each other since they are both bored . 
restless night . I'm in need of sleep and relaxation . Today would have been my mom's 63rd birthday ... sure do miss her . 
Super excited about an upcoming project !!! Can't wait to make an impact for people . 
Motor boat , motor boat ... ahhh I am worn out already . 
Just got done working out .. Jillian kicked my ass but it felt good . :) 
mmmm ... I love slush pops ! 
been feeling icky for the past three days :( I'm ready to feel better and for some fun . 
quote of the day : \I'm not doing jack ... f you Amy . \ " real nice ... wwjd " 
finally feeling better !!! Now if a few other things would work out for me ... staying positive and praying for the best . :) 
got a job offer today ! Waiting for official offer letter with benefits information . 
to sun or not to sun ? 
Things are looking up ... yippee !!! Enjoying my day even with a little disappointment , but going to soak up some rays of sunshine . :) Excited about the show tonight at Sokol !!! 
I had a fantastic time at the show tonight with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > !!! Illusion of Gaia , < PROPFEMALE > to Destroy , and Dirtfedd were all absolutely amazing ! :) The final song performance of the night was freaking AWESOME !!! Kudos to all the bands for a great show . 
Had a lunch date with an old friend . Ate at Old Chicago and then took a walk around the Old Market !!! Good times !!! :) 
need to get some sleep ... going to the hospital at six am tomorrow for dad's colonoscopy . Can't wait to watch him as the patient again ... just hope he doesn't get thrown out for bad behavior . lol :) 
Jeesh I can't fall asleep . Not sure how I'm gonna make it up in the morning . I'll need lots of coffee . 
Omg ... gas !!! 
Hanging out at the farm , while my dad sleeps and recovers . 
Oh what a nice bright < PROPFEMALE > day !!! :) 
going to enjoy the day with family and focus on the positive things in life ! :) 
I love the sound of locusts , I love the sound of locusts ... 
This is the moment .... 
trying to figure out why I am still awake . Watched family guy and laughed my ass off , played around on fb , and was drinking water . I was up super early yesterday so it just doesn't make sense . 
getting things together so I am ready to start my new job on Monday and watching The Wedding Singer . I'm grateful for the job , but not sure it is the right fit for me . Got to make the best of the situation . 
\Expect the best ; \ 
Yeah it is raining ... love the sound of rain !!! :) 
I love family guy ... Peter is so funny ! 
long day 
looking like i might get four hours of sleep before i get to work all day tomorrow again . Yay !!! :) 
jamming to dirtfedd on my way to work ... nothing like some metal to get my day started !!! :) Dirtfedd is AWESOME !!! 
shotgun romaEce is freakin amazing !!! Enjoying the warm sun and a little music . It is a dirtfedd kind of day . It's all over now ... 
late night again ... but got a lot of work done . Short official job day tomorrow then hopefully some time to relax and unwind . 
A storm is brewing up here in < PROPFEMALE > , Wisconsin ... hope a tornado doesn't come through . 
in limbo about so many things , just not the norm for me not to know what I want or which way I am going . Guess I'll try to be patient and take it one day at a time . Heading to bed ... eleven more days until I am home ! :( 
worked today and had some fun merchandising , then worked out to < PROPFEMALE > and she kicked my butt again , doing laundry and chilling . :) 
my legs feel like jello , my gut is in knots and I just got soaked for the second time this week . 
up for work ... another five a.m. day . Yay ! :) 
finally found family guy on the tv ... super excited ! 
two more days ... then a break to come home . I guess I am coming back for another two weeks to < PROPFEMALE > . 
decisions , decisions ... do I listen to my logical part of my brain or my emotional part ? 
come on Iowa !!! 
darn it ... iowa lost :( guess i'm gonna have to drink it off . 
One week until I get to watch < PROPFIRST > Bader kick some ass !!! UFC ... gonna watch my man . :) 
omg < PROPFIRST > is just like < PROPFEMALE > when it comes to his newspaper ... scary ! 
I'm so glad I came to visit you guys and you are hanging on the phone . Nice Ninny .... real nice . 
\My body is a temple\ " Tucker " 
so < PROPFIRST > Bader won tonight . Not quite what I expected from him . I thought it would be much more intense , but was a bit lackluster in performance . I guess it is partly my fault for having unreal expectations . Mir's fight was a bit more exciting . Not really a fan of his , but got to give the guy credit for finishing his guy off . 
how did we get to this moment ? 
looking forward to a new day with new opportunities . Yesterday was rough and it's never easy being disappointed or disappointing someone else . 
Nov 20 at the legendary Sokol Underground is the long awaited CD Release event for Against The Artificial . Also featuring : Sidewise , Index Case , and Cold Steel . Cover is $8 at the door and the doors open at 7pm . < PROPFIRST > this on your calendar and RSVP today ! :) 
Anyone know of any good jobs that are available ? 
time for more job searching :) If anybody knows of a job opening that needs filled right away ... send me a message . 
Midwest Elite Concerts --- \ 
Nov 20 , dont waste your time seeing yesterdays news ie : Pomeroy , get down to the legendary Sokol Underground and experience the what the buzz is all about and see the future of Modern Rock for yourself . AGAINST THE ARTIFICIAL cd release show W/ Sidewise , Index Case , and Cold Steel for a steal of only $8 !!!!! 7pm , DONT MISS IT ON NOV 20 !!!! 
Time to unwind , watch a little Family Guy and do some job searching . :) 
Dear Family , \ 
I heard that the family tradition of Thanksgiving was ending . I am not sure if this is true , but I think we need to continue it . So if you are an Evers , Breeling , Grandgenett , etc . ( you know the rest ) , then I think you need to help continue on the tradition . Family is important and this is one time a year that all the cousins get to see each other and stay connected . Don't let the tradition die !!! 
someone ever say something to you with hate and anger causing you to replay it over and over again in your head . Then you wonder what am I doing if this is their perception of me ? 
\Soldiers never die until they are forgotten . \ " . -unknown . " 
Midwest Elite Concerts\ 
7 days away from one of the most important local shows of the entire year . Nov 20 at Sokol Underground it's the Against The Artificial cd release show . Also featuring Sidewise , Index Case & Cold Steel . Doors at 7pm , $8 admission . If your a fan and supporter of local music and/or your looking for some new great music to discover , this is a great opportunity to see 4 amazing bands ! 
super excited about the Against The Artificial Cd Release Party and working on the job search ! Two more days until the FANTASTIC show !!! It is gonna Rock your world straight up !!! :) 
up way too late ! Only one more day until The CD release party for Against the Artificial !!! It is gonna rock your world . Don't miss it ! :) 
GET READY FOR THE BEST SHOW THIS MONTH !!! Come on over to Sokol Underground for Against The Artificial Cd Release Party . Trust me ... you don't want to miss it . :) 
Thanks to everyone that showed their support at Against the Artificial CD Release Party tonight ! The bands all rocked and it was an amazing night !!! :) < PROPFIRST > your calendars to see Against The Artificial , At the Left Hand of God , Rivkit , Superior , and Illusion of Gaia on December 11 , 2010 at Sokol Underground !!! Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas !!! :) Ho .. ho .. ho !!! 
here we go again , trying to fall asleep . 
waiting to hear news about my brother . Hope he gets to spend the holiday with the family . 
Loving the Sidewise and Against The Artificial cds !!! The show was unbelievable Saturday night . Thank you for a great show guys ! :) 
watching Bon Jovi on < PROPFEMALE > . He still has it ! :) 
Very thankful that my little brother is free today !!! Now he just needs to take care of business and stay out of trouble . :) Loving life today !!! 
feeling blessed and very thankful for a wonderful day with my family . :) So many great moments today ... one of my favorite was < PROPMALE > hanging out my sun roof singing American Idiot . 
going shopping !!! 
loves getting certain news via text . 
special thanks to my family and friends for making my weekend . I love ya all ! So many good memories and fun moments that will be etched in my memory for years to come ! Time to focus back on the job search ... yes it is taking forever , but I have a feeling this is going to be my week . 
thunder and hail ... cool . :) 
apply for jobs , apply for jobs , funeral , and then back to applying for more jobs . Yay ! Heading to bed ... massive headache and sick to my stomach . Tomorrow will be a better day . 
ONE WEEK AWAY !!! I can't believe Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas is only seven days away ! This show is going to be amazing . Go to Midwest Elite Concerts and RSVP for the show today and check out the other shows coming next year . :) 
the end 
Listen in all week to the nooner with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > on 89.7 the River for you < PROPMALE > to win a pair of tickets for this Saturdays Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas featuring Illusion of Gaia , Against The Artificial , At the Left Hand of God , Rivkit , and Superior . Doors open 6:30 pm , Superior takes stage right at 7pm . $8 admission if you don't win tickets . Hope to see you all there Dec 11th at Sokol Underground . 
5 more days until the big show ! Join Midwest Elite Concerts for Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas on December 11th at Sokol . Doors @ 6:30 , Show @ 7:00 , and Admission $8.00 . 
thank you for responding 
Is it Saturday yet ??? The much anticipated show is only 3 days away . Join Midwest Elite Concerts for the Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas and enjoy Christmas a little early . The show is gonna kickass !!! See ya all there . :) Doors at 6:30 , Show at 7:00 , $8.00 Admission 
Are any of my facebook friends or relatives coming to the show Saturday at Sokol Underground for Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas ??? I would love to see your smiling faces there . :) 
I love family guy . 
Today is the big day !!! Finally after all the work and efforts we are having our show . Come check us out at Sokol for Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas It is going to be a FUN , FABULOUS , and a FANTASTIC night ! Hope to see you there . 
Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas is TODAY !!! What a perfect day it is for it ... a nice blustery cold with a few snow flurries ... feels like Christmas time . Come see all of us of Midwest Elite Concerts tonight at Sokol and join us for Superior , Rivkit , At the Left Hand of God , Against the Artificial , and Illusion of Gaia !!! The show is going to blow your mind !!! Doors at 6:30 , Show at 7:00 , $8 Admission . < PROPFEMALE > Metal Christmas !!! 
Hey don't let the snow scare you away ... A little snow is part of the plan for Now That's What I Call A Metal Christmas at Sokol . PLEASE COME TO THE SHOW !!! Doors at 6:30 , Show at 7:00 , Admission $8 < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! :) 
I want to thank the bands for kickass show and the fans that came to support the local music scene . It was a blast and you guys rocked !!! I appreciate all the energy and fun you guys provided during the blizzard ! Thank you so much ... Superior , At the Left Hand of God , Against The Artificial , and Illusion of Gaia . You guys are amazing and special in your own way !!! Rock on and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! :) 
experiencing phone issues . One minute it works and then the next it won't even power on . Gotta love HD cell phones . :) 
Applied for a lot of jobs , had some interviews , received some rejection letters , and still looking for the right job . I'm pretty sure all I want for Christmas is a good job . 
nice , relaxing day doing a little bit of everything . Watching some football with some great snow flurries . Thinking of others and hoping happiness fills their hearts . :) 
Do you know what's worth fighting for ? \ 
When it's not worth dying for ? \ 
Does it take your breath away\ 
And you feel yourself suffocating ? 
day one kicked my ass , but it feels good to be back on track . :) 
not really sure what to say or what to think . Broken promises and < PROPFEMALE > . 
great start to my day ... car doors were frozen shut and then once I got my passenger door open it wouldn't shut . So had to use my seat belt to keep it from flying open to go get the kids to take them to school , but I still couldn't get the back doors open so the kids had to climb in from the front and land in the back . I'm thinking I should go back to bed and try for a different type of day . 
broke out in hives after hugging my nephew yesterday because he was hit in the eye . It must be from his cats ! Can't seem to get them gone all the way and now I have a migraine . I wonder if the migraine is from going to the store with my lovely sister < PROPFEMALE > . Overall today was a good day ... ran kids , worked out , applied for jobs , saw two of my happy brothers , and then ran my sister . 
nothing like listening to a four year old singing 21 guns . 
best news of the week ... my sister is released to drive so no more running kids and errands and she is feeling better . The kids took over my cd player and all the boys listen to is Green Day and < PROPFEMALE > is all about < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > Swift . Time for some metal ! Sure miss my Dirtfedd , ATA , Korn , and Hatebreed ! 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! My birthday celebration started at midnight last night and went all day today !!! It was FANTASTIC !!! Lots of snow and wonderful friends and family . Thank you all ! :) 
spending some time with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Gabe while < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > shop for groceries . Kids had hot cocoa , pizza , and cake ! Now watching Toy Story 3 . Oh and they played dead lions ! 
thinking I need to laugh , smile , and have more fun ! Everything has been way too complicated and difficult . There has to be a better balance , there just has to be ! :) 
Changed my profile picture and realized ... damn I am white ! What the heck ? Winter white gotta love it ! Okay I need my sister < PROPFEMALE > to stand next to me to help me feel darker . Lmao :) 
Ouch ! 
Ozzy rocks !!! 
Bring on the Packers and Bears !!! Neither team is my team , so do I cheer for Tucker's team or < PROPFIRST>'s team ??? 
Steelers Baby ... all the way ! 
