Getting my house ready for an open house tomorrow - its time to move on -- so lets hope someone makes an offer ! 

Taking logistics test today- not fun ! Possibilities on the house -- keep me in your prayers ! 
I'm preparing a Greek meal this evening -- YUM !!!! 
OK the Greek Meal was a success ! I think I could have fed 20 to 25 people though -- Good times -- Oppa ! or Ompa which is it ? or ompa loompa -- lol 
Storms suck I'm a freakin weather vain 
3 chocolate chip cookies and a glass of cold milk is a nutrional meal right :) 
Baby day moved up to tomorrow July 1st but she seems to be having light contractions now so we may be surprised and still have a baby tonight -- I'm gonna be a Nanna -- My baby is having a baby ! Will post baby < PROPFEMALE > pics soon :) 
Yeah baby < PROPFEMALE > born at 2:57 today July1 , 2009 ( 13 hours of labor ) baby girl -I'm a Nanna ! Daughter and her husband did wonderful -- Baby healthy and precious -- blessed ! 
I'm going bonkers -- I think on line classes take a lot more discipline -- Maybe it's cause its \summertime\ " -- Lovin being a Nanna though it \ " Rocks \"" 
is ready for classes to be finished ! Ready for home to be sold and ready for adventure ... Want to try Zorbing looks interesting ! 
Finished my assignment before the 10PM deadline ! WOOHOO ! 
today's gonna be a bumpy ride ! 
I made it through the day ! Got my assignment completed and I'm beat ! The pillow is calling my name ! 
Its gonna be a slammin day -- I am getting out with My Greek < PROPMALE > \Shannon\ " for a night out ! WHOOHOO ! " 
Saturday was great just what i needed ! and today they are showing my house ! Everyone say a little prayer for us it needs to go ! Stress be gone ! :) 
I'm fretting ... biting my nails ... and facing deadlines ... the upswing is at 10PM Saturday I'm finished -- so if in the Glade and you hear a rucus at 10:01 PM then you'll know it's me celebrating ! LOL 
really wants someone to finish her assignment while I catch some sun -- LOL 
Well ready for last quiz !, but I think I will take a break ! Finish in the morning ! Almost done ! ( Have til 10PM Saturday night ) 
I\M FINISHED ! Here is to the start to a fabulous THREE WEEKS of Freedom ! -- I love it ! " 
I am Chalaxin and its soooo nice ! Miss my roomies Bekah & < PROPFIRST > could go for a Greek salad and a Coca Cola ! 
I walked 2 < PROPMALE > today with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFIRST > gonna kill me with those long legs ! 
Can't wait for the variety show this evening always a good time ! 
Kicking off my Monday -- another week off fabulous ! 
Thanks to all my Greek buds that made tonight a FUN night ! Hope to see you in September ! 
Where did the time go ... I go get my books tomorrow ... classes start Monday ! Let's see how much I can squeeze in 
I get to spend the day with my two girls running around ... what a treat !!! 
got my books and found a great wine I would call yesterday a success !! Lets see what today brings ... 
Today is a good day ! 
Start classes in the morning and < PROPFEMALE > too our home is full of anticipations 
Everyone say a prayer for me they may have someone interested in the house !!! 
Living -- smiling -- accomplishing lots -- positives outweight everything !!! 
Still driving < PROPMALE>'s car today -- < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are still working on the truck bless their hearts !! Just a matter of time it will happen :) 
Why isn't it Friday already ? 
Lots to do ! 
I'm going on a boat tomorrow -- on a boat :) Should be a fun day ! 
Had a very nice evening tonight !! It's nice just to be smiling !! 
Amazing exactly what really happens in 24 hours ! 
Sooo much to be thankful for today really make you stop and take a moment to take it all in !! My heart goes out to all those that lost a loved one 8 years ago and to all service men and womend's families that have experienced a loss as well over this past eight years !!! 
who'd have thunk it ? 
Like is very interesting and I am ready for some serious FUN !!! 
Fixing dinner simple -- pork tenderloin-baked potato-salad but oh it smelling soooo good !!! 
having moving sale today would be great if rain held off & everything sells !!!! 
Great weekend got to spend quality time with my \Niiece Elizabeth\ " she's been saying she would come see me for some time -- she made it happen -- Yeah !!! Love ya Girl !!! " 
OK enough with the rain already !!!! 
Ready to head to Greece -- who is with me -- LOL -- I can dream can't I !!! 
God is good all the time !!! 
My baby is ( < PROPMALE > or AKA < PROPMALE > ) 19 today !!! Time flies how is that possible when I sooo young ????? -- LMAO 
Trying to enjoy all the wonderful things happening in my Life could the cold weather back off a bit !! Bring on the sunshine !! and beautiful fall colors !! 
ABCD .... Just checking 123 ... ok I still got this -- lol headed for classes soon and having brain freezes need a remedy ... 
This was a fabulous weekend !!! Very needed FUN time !! Now its back to focusing on the week ahead--I'm revitalized I can do it !! 
seems like there is always a boomerang ... 
Those who hope in the Lord will renew their strenghth -- what a wonderful promise and he does it all the time -- I am soooo thankful 
Any accountants out there I need a sub for my accounting test Friday -- LOL 
Thanks everyone & I believe I had the Best birthday of my life !! Could not have been better -- from receiving all of your wishes to spending my afternoon shopping -- to a Fairytale evening it was simply wonderful !! I am sooo enjoying LIVING life !!! 
Reality bites sometimes ... 
Long day -- Life is tooooo precious so find ways to cut out the drama -- drama -- drama 
Happy Halloween everyone -- Live well , Laugh often , Love much -- these 3 things and you can't help but have an Awesome Halloween goolish or not -- Be safe and Have FUN ! 
God Rocks !! & < PROPFEMALE > LeBlanc is \THE REALTOR\ " my hero :) " 
I need to be doing homework soooo ready for Thanksgiving break 
Working on my study abroad paperwork for Spain made me miss all my Greek Buds so an opa !!! to all of ya and love ya ! 
Happy Thanksgiving -- hey remember to take a minute to look back and be thankful for all the blessings you've received !! God is goodALL the time !!! I am truly thankful for ALL the beautiful people God has placed in my Life !! Have a great day and Lots of love to everyone !!! Enjoy the bountiful food whatever your traditions and hope its a day being shared with loved ones :) tootles 
It was a beautiful day and I have enjoyed hanging out with < PROPMALE > today -- what a FUN time :) doesn't get to happen often enough -- why do they grow up ????? 
Busy week finishing up classes and next week finals -- sooo looking forward to the week after that -- LOL--that's Christmas ! -holy cow -- everyone enjoy the Christmas season !! I will be hitting the books and energy drinks :) 
In the final weekend only 3 finals and an essay to go -- I can doooo it ! LOL will be finished Wednesday -- Chocolate covered coffee beans and mountain dew seem to be doing the trick :) 
I have had a wonderful Christmas season my hope is for everyone to have a blessed day and enjoy the laughter if you don't hear any help make some :) 
Hey everyone my phone is off at moment -- going through difficult crunch time -- phone only thing we can do without at moment -- of course have never recieved a dime of alimony- Ex again hasn't paid Dec . child support and it all the money past due !! Waiting for time to close on property please pray for this to happen ASAP ! It means enough to catch up the bills , so it will definitely help ! 
black 
It's beautifully white outside so thankful to be snug and warm inside -- hmm Hot chocolate sounding really good about now :) 
* To all the mammas out there , join the fun and repost this . How much did your child/children weigh at birth ? < PROPFIRST > 8lbs 6oz , < PROPMALE > 10lbs 6oz & < PROPFEMALE > 126lbs 
Keep putting one foot in front of the other and do not freeze in fear .... 
Powernaps are soooo nice !! 
\Some people use statistics as a drunken man uses Lampposts -- for support rather than illumination\ " Historian < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
one more day then spring break whoohoo !!!! 
Wishing everyone a Happy , Healthy & Heartfelt Easter enjoy those you love ! 
Statistics is kicking my ... I will be happy when this project is done ! Just a few more weeks -I think I can ... I think I can ... 
Love you Daddy and hope you are having a wonderful Birthday !!!! I can still say without a DOUBT you are the best DADDY IN THE WORLD -- (Love ya mom I know your there too ! ) 
I just picked picked up my cap & gown WHOOHOOO !! A milestone about to be reached -- God Is Good ALL the time !!! 
Got to spend some time precious < PROPFEMALE > and her momma today -Luved every minute :) 
Graduation Saturday and Spain tomorrow lovin every minute :) I feel very Blessed :) 
Up paying the bills then out of here for an adventure of a Lifetime who'd of thunk it :) 
All my bags are packed , so I am taking advantage and getting a nap in :) 
Made it to spain today --- yeah :) didn´t sleep much on the plane but it was good travels -- my host family is very nice they have 2 daughters and a son about the same age as mine -- the two meals they prepared today have been wonderful -- I am very sleepy - muy < PROPFEMALE > casa -- just wish I could communicate better -- love you all 
I will post pictures tomorrow hopefully -- I´m in Spain it is amazing it like you´ve stepped into a painting -- breathtaking ... Love all of you over on the main land :) 
another day in paradise :) 
what the heck its raining in Spain -- we have 2 days -- please NO rain now we got sum discovering to do ;) 
aw sooo much fun the last noche en Spain -- ! estoy si que es < PROPFEMALE > ! -- fabulous all mi español amigos 
well Im packed :( :) mixed emotions -- but now I have to stay awake the bus is moving at 6AM Yikes -- really afraid I will miss it if I lay my head down so here I am -- lol 
amazing how time does fly :) ok bittersweet -- cause my last baby is getting ready to fly 
Finally got to register for classes -- I was getting a bit nervous -- many hoops to jump through transfering to MTSU but should be smooth sailing ahead -- WHOOHOO :) 
I figured out the upload of pics all by myself this time -- man it takes awhile to tag -- hope you all enjoy Spain pics it was truly awesome !!!!! 
it has been a strange week indeed .... all positives .... all good .... but odd 
ok facebook world -- I am signing off -- closing out comcast account until I get in Apartment on August 27th -- I will be checking in , so procede as normal -- lol 
Life isn't about finding yourself LIFE is about CREATING YOURSELF -- ok I know maybe a little cheesy but well I like it !!!! 
I am soooo procrastinating writing my history essay :( ugh ....... 
Thanks to all of my Birthday Wishes you have filled my day with smiles and warmed my heart !!!! Sad to say but I am off to bed to be ready for my classes tomorrow -- dang it Fall break is over :( 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone :) -- I have lots to be thankful for this is for certain -- God has been very good to me & without him I would no doubt be lost -- Praise God today and hope u enjoy all the loved ones he has placed in your path throughout the season & heartfelt hugs to ya all :) 
Ok on countdown ( 20 days ) & tons to finish up but payoff will be winter break :) \ 
Yes ! Yes ! I like the sound of that !!!! 
Sooo happy my next two weeks are busy busy finishing essays , tests , power point -- WHOOHOO wrapping up semester and getting a step closer to accomplishing my goal -- whod a thunk it :) little owe me : 0 luving it !!!!!! 
I had a blast at Christmas at Bellmont -- Gel thanks bunches it was neat to see what your up to :) enjoyed it !!!! Gel , < PROPFIRST > , & < PROPFEMALE > it was awesome to have time to < PROPFEMALE > out :) Hope we made a lasting impression on your friends gel -- lol -- we missed you < PROPMALE > !!! 
Hope everyone enjoyed their Valentines Day -- sending out bunches of hugs 
I don't know how to add line under my profile pic anymore -- lol but a great day this past summer catching up with my best friend [ Ginger ( Heckler ) Henry ] throughout my elementary & high school days -- oh how time ... & she is still a dear friend to me today :) 
I have the most amazing grown children in the world !!! They are sooo thoughtful , compationate , and just ALL AROUND GREAT :) I am thankful to have them in my life -- Love & Hugs 
Hey who turned the sunshine off ? 
Had a great time chillin with < PROPMALE > & KK -- Tomorrow I get Issy all to myself :) time for serious spoilin from Nanna ;) Yeaw 
OMG -- really I am a freakin weather vane -- please stop raining -- OK I've whined that helps some ;) 
As I sit up in the through the pressure of the storm –I am reminded of how this week is a celebration ! Thank you Lord for my journey , Thank you Lord for never giving up on me , Thank you Lord for peace in the storm , Thank you Lord for the invitation , Thank you Lord for your sacrifice , and the list is never ending All Praise God he sent his Son :) 
Q : Why shouldn't you tell an Easter Egg a good joke ? \ 
A : It might crack up ;) \ 
Hope everyone has an EGGstra Special Happy Easter :) Thank you Jesus for a Spectacular Day ! :) 
