My tummy is full of yummy alligator meat ! 

had a blast saturday on the canoes but is really paying for it now . Ouch evil sunburn !!! 
lets go TIGERS !!!! 
LSU WON !!!!! 
Made an A on my sexual psych test . Go figure . lmao 
I miss my < PROPFIRST > !! :( 
You are my Hero . I wish I could have gotten to know you . It's been 20 years today and I know with every step that you are with me . I am a < PROPMALE > in college now and everyday I am working to live up to your amazing legacy . Every time I look at one of your 
I'm in the mood to play oboe all day ! I feel inspired ;-) 
I have come to the conclusion that when you read an excess of Shakespeare for a couple of weeks , you start to talk funny . 
Just got off work . I forgot how much coaching takes out of you . I'm thinking a nap sounds good about now . 
Im ready for Band Camp because I miss everyone !!!!! 
Ya so I had no idea how hectic this quarter would be but I'm loveing it !!!!!! 
I cant wait till this weekend , I will finally have a little time to relax ! 
Game day !!!! I can feel exhaustion coming . 
I made pork stew from scratch and it was so0o0o0 yummy !!!!! 
Off to bed with yet another migrain . Hope I feel better tomorrow , it's going to be a long day . 
I need a break . School is kicking my butt ! 
I am ready to leave for ROME !!!!!!! I should start a countdown . 
I'm home sick and have no idea what is wrong with me . It sucks !!! 
Did you know that the Declaration of Independence was written on hemp paper ? Just some food for thought . 
I want to be home with my family right now . Im worried sick about everyone in the SHreveport/ Bossier area ! 
Here is my update . So I'm in shreveport having tons of test run and I'm yellow literally . I woke up yesterday and my eyes were yellow , now my whole body is yellow . Yay for jaundice . Hopefully by the end of this I will be able to enjoy a Mcdonalds cheesburger with nice greasy fries ! It will be the first time in 4 years to have a cheeseburger . 
I hate being sick !!!!!! I threw up chicken broth , how bad does that suck !!! 
Still sick :( but I turn 21 tomorrow !!!! 
I had a wonderful time in < PROPFEMALE > and met some amazing people !!! Can't wait to make another trip :-) 
I'm am so glad to be home !!! No more drama :-) I can finally relax . 
And let the cooking begin ! 
Turkey bowling with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > McDonald !!!!! We gona win a Xbox fasho . 
Happy turkey day !!!!!! 
I have had the best week in a really long time . :-) I love being home . 
Not wanting to head back . I'm getting homesick just thinking about it :-( 
< PROPFEMALE > is so bitter sweet ! What goes around comes around . Before you know it , it is biting you on the butt . 
It's a little to late to say that you're sry now . You kicked me when I was down but what you say don't hurt me . ( that's right . And I don't need you . Don't wanna see you . You get no love !! )- Eminem & Lil < PROPMALE > 
Margaritas and salsa !!! I'm so0o0 excited . It's going to be a great Birthday :) 
Had probably the best birthday ever !!! Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . It really made my day special :-) 
I will always miss your smell and the way your hugs felt . If only I could hear your voice and smell your pipe tobacco . I know you're with me . I love you Papaw . I will always < PROPFEMALE > every memory . You were an amazing man and are truly missed . 
Finally going to sleep tis an amazing night :-) 
Ohhh Taco < PROPFEMALE > how I love thee !!! 
Why must I sit through classes that repeat the same things over and over again ? I really have better things to do with my life . 
Lmao so my dog apparently burps as much as me !!! 
I just made the best snack ever !!!! Take a quarter of a milkyway midnight and melt it on a < PROPMALE > cracker by placing it in the microwave for 10 seconds . Then place the other half of the < PROPMALE > cracker on top . I call this the milkyway college student smores . :-) 
In shock and sick to my stomach . I can't believe something like this could happen . You will be missed < PROPFIRST > . 
My week has suddenly gotten tons better !!! 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one -- to get better . In honor of someone who has died , is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . Remembering and supporting .. 
It's going to be a tough day . :( RIP < PROPFIRST > . 
I'm pretty sure that even frosty the snowman would be pissy if he were sitting in this traffic . 
I don't realize how much I miss the people I grew up with till I see us all together again . I'm sad that it was these circumstances that brought us together again though :-( 
Just got the new < PROPMALE > Groban Cd . I promise one of these days I'm going to marry him so he can sing to me every morning . 
Picking up < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > from the armory !!!!!!! He is finally home safe :-) 
About to head to church with the family . I can't believe how amazing this week has been . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
My beautiful nephew is much more interested in the donuts my brother bought and the tubes for wrapping paper than any of his toys !!! Priceless :-) 
Who Dat !!!!!!! 
Had a great workout . I benched 135 , did 10 < PROPFEMALE > ups in a row , and squatted 155 !!!! Woot :-) 
On our way to < PROPFEMALE > even though some crazy lady tried to keep us from going by ramming into the back of my car !!! Yay for rental cars !! 
Having a blast in < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! :-) 
And it is back to reality :( I already miss home ... 
Anda tu camino sin ayuda de vecino . 
RIP Dimples . I will miss you :-( 
I have an ear infection and it hurts really bad :-( 
Ok so its not an ear infection . It's TMJ plus a sinus infection . TMJ is an inflammation in the mandibular joint of the jaw and is caused from stress . Darn you lady that totaled my car !!!! 
Feeling a lot better today and I got a car !!! This week is looking up for me !!! I can't wait to show everyone my amazing Honda Accord . I totally has heated seats . Quite possibly the greatest invention ever ! 
So apparently I am no longer a Sagittarius ... I am no a Ophiuchus !!! Woot , my new horoscope says that I am a seeker of enlightenment and will achieve a high position in life !!! 
Going to be a great day !!!! 
Girls did great today . There was a lot more competition than we're used to but the girls held their own . I'm very proud !! 
Omw back home to LOUISIANA !! The girls did great the weekend ! I'm a very proud coach ! 
I have the Flu :( I hate being sick but I think I've already gotten through the worst of it . 
I feel so pitiful and weak ... I hate this . Can't wait to get better . I want to go work out so bad !!! 
Happy to be back in Bossier !! Being home always makes me feel better . :-) 
Dear facebook , \ 
I really don't care about most of the crap you send me . In fact it is very annoying to have an email , bubble message , and notification about all the same crap !!!! Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Why must I have to get out of bed on days like this ? 
I would like everyone to know that I am in love with < PROPMALE > Dicaprio !! Well actually the character < PROPFIRST > on \Titanic\ " but ya . " 
and we're back 
Fergie get off the stage ! You sound terrible !!! 
Zumba tonight !! Then a mess load of homework . Hopefully I will get it all done so I can see my mommy tomorrow for her B-day !! 
Praying for my Aunt < PROPFIRST > . :( 
Had a wonderful day with my Mom and sister :-) 
Jammed out to Nsync on the way to Ruston !!!!! :) 
Date with < PROPFEMALE > Roddy !!!! Happy Valentines to me :-) 
Anti-valentine party !!! Woot ! So much fun ! 
Had a great and much needed dinner with < PROPMALE > Roberts !! My husband is amazing !!! 
Yummy fried green tomatoes and gumbo :-) 
Watching Kat < PROPMALE > !!! Bahahaha :-) 
Come on sugar !!! I need the energy to study ! 
\I don't have to be hateful ; I can just say BLESS YOUR HEART !!! \"" 
I have an addiction to chocolate and need and intervention Now !!! I don't wanna have to buy new pants . :-/ 
Praying for the people of Japan :-( there are still 10,000 people missing and they are under nuclear alert ! 
Feeling the urge to get lost on horseback ! 
\Sometimes I wish I could go into like cryosleep like in < PROPFEMALE > wars lol \"- < PROPMALE > Roberts " 
Studying genetics just brightens my day ... :/ 
Trying to study while in pain is extremely unproductive !!! :( 
I'm thinking it is time to go to the doctor for this TMJ . I'm in so much pain and it hurts to eat !! That's the worst thing in the world for me cause I love food !!! 
I have accomplished two loads of dishes , 3 loads of laundry , cooked gumbo for lunch , read 4 chapters for my classes , giving Nessa a hair cut , and picked up my room all within 24 hours !! My life is a lot more productive when my face isn't swollen . 
I abhor Monday mornings !! 
Watching The Game and wishing < PROPFEMALE > Roddy were here !! :-( 
Goodnight all ! I have a long weekend ahead . CC Gymnastics team will be competing at the state meet !! I know they're going to do amazing ! I'm so proud at how far my girls have come <3 
My girls did amazing !! I couldn't possibly be more proud !!! I'm am most def . ready to be home and get some rest . :-) 
Why in the world did I just wake up and now I can't go back to sleep :-( 
Gumbo and < PROPMALE > Turner !!! Sounds like an amazing night !!!! 
I am in need of some TLC ! I'm slightly frightened to see my grade on Dr. J's test . We all looked like death coming out of there !! 
Everyone deserves to be loved for who they are . In our lives we are surrounded by media portraying the image of a perfect woman but I want to be loved for my imperfections . They make me who I am and give me a unique beauty all my own . - My thoughts of the evening <3 
I'm really hoping that the roads won't be too nasty on the way to school in the morning . The weather is terrible !! 
Migraine :-( 
Let's be clear on this : OBAMA did NOT kill Bin Laden . An American soldier , who Obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to PAY , did . Obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found UBL and took him out . This is NOT an Obama victory , but an AMERICAN victory !! REPOST IF YOU AGREE !!!! \ 
God Bless Our Troops ........ 
I need coffee !!!!!!! 
Watchin dem dat der Swamp People ! 
\Why are there so many churches around here ? Don't these people believe in toilets ?!? \"- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > \ 
I had a wonderful dinner with my Mom and am now curled up on the couch with my dog and a good book . Amazing evening if I do say so myself . :-) 
Ahhh coffee and an energy drink were not a good idea !!! My attention span is that of a five year old at this point ! 
Procrastination , yes I know you very well . 
Definitely a < PROPMALE > Rice kinda day !! 
2 jobs + school + finals = a very exhausted < PROPFEMALE > . Monday evening I will def . need an adult beverage ! 
I'm feeling very blessed right now . Even though school and work may be difficult and exhausting at times , I have some amazing opportunities for my future and amazing family and friends to share it with . 
Totally dominated my genetics final !! Spring quarter is over !!! Time to relax an have that ohh so needed adult beverage ! Happy to be home :-) 
Feeling like I don't have enough to time breath right now . I am so busy !!! 
Happy birthday to Amity Lupton and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I love y'all and am so happy to see my little cousin turning one :-) 
On my way to Overtime ! Let the games begin ! 
Congrats to all my friends that have and are graduating ! It's great to see so many of my friends succeed and move forward in the world . I love you all and am super proud ! 
Getting my hair done :-) my hairstylist < PROPFIRST > always makes me feel better . Def . need this after yesterday . 
Having one of those days . Nothing better than started the day off being followed around by a creepy guy saying very nice over and over again :-/ 
\Turn you ear to wisdom and apply your heart to understanding . \"- Proverbs 2:2 " 
Just got a new computer and an Xbox 360 !! I'm having a pretty awesome night ! 
Ahh i need to go to sleep but the temptation of playing on my new computer and Xbox is too much !!! 
\Im a dreamer !!! A distant dreamer !! \ " <3 listening to Duffy " 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > and it's pretty amazing !! 
Getting ready for the ball !!! 
Frustrated !!! Why must people lie to get their way ? I'll respect you a lot more if you're just honest with me . I hate shady characters ! 
Maybe geting an Xbox was a bad idea . I haven't been very productive lately ...... Nope def . still a good idea lol :) 
Wishing he were here so I could buy a cheesy card and tie but I know he is looking down upon me . I will always remember the sacrifices you made and know how wonderful of a man you were . I love you <3 
Will I ever know what I want to be when I grow up ? There are sooo many options . I feel like my head is going to explode ! 
Totally going to be in Alabama next week for work !! Im super excited !! 
Ahhh True Blood was sooo good !!!! 
Had a blast at Graceland !! Now for a six hour drive home .... Why can't I just teleport ? 
Had a wonderful and much needed Sunday . Now to conquer the rest of the week ! 
I want to break the world record for juggling under water in a shark tank . 
I had a wonderful day with < PROPFIRST > Lunsford Lupton and spending the evening watching The Fighter with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ine Murphy ! 
I'm feeling the need to just drive away with no destination . Fill up my tank and jump on the highway . Sounds like an amazing idea to me . 
So def . bad idea eating that queso yesterday . I most def . thought it was pork sausage Not BEEF . This means that my belly hurts really bad today :( 
Totally busted out an A on my Geology test !!!!! 
I've been studying all day and don't seem to be getting anywhere with it . I just have to keep telling myself \only one more class and i get that diploma !!! \ " Novemeber needs to get here soon ! " 
Glad I got to talk to my cousing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Riggs this morning :) It was great to see her handsome new addition . Took the boyfriend to get his misdom teeth out . He seems to be doing pretty good now that he has an unlimited supply of ice cream and pudding :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Roddy need to get her happy butt on skype cause I want to see her pretty face !!!!!!! 
LSU Grad school here I come !!!!!!!!! 
Headed to Baton Rouge !!! Can't wait !!! 
I had a blast this weekend and am so glad I went . Now I know I am on the right path . Grad school is going to be hard work but I'm glad to know I will have some amazing friends with me <3 
Praying for my 5 year old nephew to get better . He is really sick and in Schumpert . We're hoping he will be able to be released by Friday . Please keep Him in your prayer . 
Ya so since my phone crapped out of me , I no longer have peoples < PROPFIRST > .... Everyone please text me their < PROPFIRST > . It's really weird when people text me and I have to figure out who they are . 
Yummy Yummy andouille sausage ! Watching those Tigers eat them ducks ! 
At home with a kidney infection :( hopefully this will clear up and there will be nothing but healthy < PROPFEMALE > for the rest on the year . On a good note , I'm getting a new cousin today !! 
Guess who applied for graduation today !!!!! 
Fat Bottom girls you make the Rocking World go Round !!!! 
Had a stressful day at work . People should def . learn that it is extremely rude to talk on the phone while someone is trying to check you out . It is our jobs to talk to you and ignoring us just makes us talk louder . Also , the right side of my face is swollen thanks to my wisdom teeth coming in .... 
Def . had a day to write home about . Glad to be safe and at home . On the bright side , I have been approved for graduation on Nov . 19 !!!! I'm pretty darn excited about that . 
Good morning world . Let the coffee begin !! 
Is it sad that i get really excited to watch the dominoes tracker ? You can even pick your own theme now ! 
Had a great day at work ! I have some really fun coworkers . Having fun and not being stressed makes for a very productive < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Finally got my paper finished and now I'm too loaded with caffeine to go to sleep ..... :/ guess ill be up all night reading books on my Tablet :) 
My stomach is making some crazy noises this evening . I think meds are in order to deal with this tonight . Yay for having such a sensitive digestive system . Uggggggggg 
Happy Veterans day to all the men and women that have served our country . Your sacrifice is greatly appreciated . We wouldn't be where we are today without all that ya'll do . Thank you ! 
Let the rest and recovery begin now . I had an incredible time last night celebrating Mrs. < PROPFIRST>'s birthday 
Focus !!! This is my last final and i can't seem to focus at all . I think I am just way too excited !!!!! 
I'm done !!! I made a 99 on my last paper !!!! Woot !!! I'm sooooo freaking excited !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Guess who is graduating today !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Thank You to all the family and friends that helped me celebrate this momentous occasion . They made this weekend incredible and there are no words that can express how dearly I love each of you . <3 
