is going to work ... then spending time with addy and < PROPMALE > !!! 

spending time with the babies this weekend ... i love them to death and im glad for the time i have with them ! 
had the most wonderful time with her daddy today . So thankful for the time we get to spend together ! 
reminding herself she can do all things through christ ... he is present and alive in her ! 
ready to move now ... need to get away from the pressure and drama and ready to make a < PROPMALE > change in my life ! 
doesnt understand why everything is falling apart ... needs to leave ... just a few more weeks 
completely heartbroken . not going anywhere i guess . 
in search for an apartment in indiana ... praying to God that this can still happen . 
is trying to think positive but my heart feels shattered ... solo puedo llorar y llorar ... 
things change ... plans fail ... you look for love on a grander scale .... But jesus will still be there 
no housing ... what now ??? 
blairsville maybe ??? we'll see . Praying to God this is the right thing 
moving to Indiana ... with the padres ! 
still searching ... praying to God for the answer !!! 
quiero volver a espana < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > de estos ... cuanto la < PROPFEMALE > de menos 
Is thinking about rating for the first time since monday ! 
Is thinking about eating for the first time since monday ! 
Feliz Ano Nuevo a todos ! He < PROPFEMALE > do muy enferma < PROPFEMALE > semana , asi k no hago < PROPFEMALE > a celebrar ! 
Is completely exhausted , and ready for bed ! 
5 days down , 4 more to go . I'm completely exhausted . 
5 1/2 hour shift tonight . 4 more days of work , then hopefully a trip to altoona to see some of my faves ?!? Feel better \mom \"!" 
is at home enjoying her new tv and internet ! soooo happy right now 
is going sledding with < PROPMALE > today as soon as she lets me know what time !! 
had a great time with < PROPMALE > today ! Realized how much I have missed her . I know she'll always be a part of my life !!!!!! 
6 years have passed , but i still think of you each and every day . The boy i was to share was dreams with , my life with . Life will never be the same ! I love you still MJM ! 
is in a funk and cant seem to get out of it ... 
Loves my mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Even if your mom has already been promoted to < PROPFEMALE > , you can still express your gratitude . 
will have a car soon thanks to her best friend < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you bestie ! 
is hoping tonight is better than the past two nights ! i love you groovy chick ! 
is hoping to hear an update from Lt < PROPFEMALE > at some point ! I love you ! Thank you for always being there for me . 
Loves her corps officer . Thank you for always being there for me . 
is headed to Lts house for a programming meeting ... yay 
“God places the heaviest burden on those who can < PROPFEMALE > its weight . ” 
“When you say a situation or a person is hopeless , you are slamming the door in the face of God . ” 
someone should make me an out of order sign . Thats definitely how I feel lately 
O Lord my rock , my strength in weakness , come and rescue me O lord 
“But I will sing of your strength , in the morning I will sing of your love ; for you are my fortress , my refuge in times of trouble . ”- Psalm 59:16 Keeping this in mind as I head to bed still not feeling very well . 
I love you , O LORD , my strength . The LORD is my rock , my fortress and my deliverer ; my God is my rock , in whom I take refuge . He is my shield and the horn of my salvation , my stronghold . ”- Psalm 18:1 -2 
is getting her car ! then im going shopping ... probably have too much on my plate today haha 
Holy spirit rain down . Rain down . O comforter and friend , how i need your touch again . Holy spirit rain down , rain down . Let your power fall , let your voice be heard , come and change our hearts as we stand on your word , Holy spirit rain down ! 
Is stuck in the house . O how I wish there was church today . My dad is going to finish digging the car out so I can at least go pick up a few things . Then back to work tomorrow . 7 am will be here before I know it ! 
After 3 PM i'm going to be so lonely at work . Oh well at least I'm going to make it there today ! 
is missing < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > a lot ! whenever something horrible happens it takes me back to the day i found out she was murdered ! My heart and prayers go out to this family 
so theres a peso under one of the MC registers and no one knows why ... hmmm . I love all the people I work with ! Even the one who pretends to not be nice . haha ... i dont think she could ever possibly be mean . 
i found out the mystery of the peso ! my job is awesome haha ... and working with fellow believers make the day even better ! love to my MC girls ! < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
my dad and my neighbor are going to pull my car out today ! God is Good ! 
my car is getting pulled out today and I'm going to visit my brother on Thursday ! God is awesome , he always provides . Thank you Lord for your provision ! 
working 7-330 tomorrow . I dont even know why I'm still awake . Heading to bed but so excited to work with my fave tomorrow . I have missed her ! 
Lord I lift my friend to you , I've done all that I know to do . Lord I lift my friend to you 
I was lost in sin , I let the Lord come in , lifting my praise to him , changing my ways because , I was walking alone , without the Lord , on my own , I asked the Lord to forgive my sin , and into my heart I let him in ! Seeing the amazing writer of this song tomorrow as well as my \mom\ " and the beautiful kids ! I'm very excited and obviously can't wait ! " 
is thankful for God's great Love and mercy , Great friends and great coworkers . Thank you all for your love and support . I have to miss work for 2 more days and I'm honestly kind of sad about it ! 
Whatever you do , work at it with all your heart , as working for the Lord , not for men , since you know that you will receive an inheritance from the Lord as a reward . It is the Lord Christ you are serving . Colossians 3:23 -24 . This shall be my attitude for work today 
God will make a way , where there seems to be no way . He works in ways we cannot see , he will make a way for me . He will be my guide , hold me closely to his side . With Love and strength for each new day , he will make a way 
is already heading to bed . Don't work until 10 tomorrow . Took like a 3 hour long nap and still very tired . 
well theres still a lot of black in my hair ... this is not how i wanted it to turn out ! 
k día tan divertido y lleno de tanto amor . Had a wonderful day today . The first one in a long time . Thank you Lord for the opportunities you give me ! 
i am persuaded to believe that you cant seperate us from the wonderful love of God . Far above he has sent us , if we let him live within us , while in this sinful world we trod . Neither lifenor death nor principalities things present or things to come , and though the devil hate us he can never seperate us from the wonderful love of God 
I am persuaded to believe that you cant seperate us from the wonderful love of God . Far above us he has sent us , if we let him live within us , while in this sinful world we trod . Neither life nor death nor principalities , things present or things to come , and though the devil hate us , he can never seperate us from the wonderful love of God ! 
wake up , teach sunday school , go to holiness meeting , lunch , then another meeting . Church is going to be great tomorrow , but it will also be a long day . Holy spirit rain down , rain down , let your power fall , let your voice be heard , come and change our hearts as we stand on your word , holy spirit rain down 
Laugh with your happy friends when they're happy ; share tears when they're down . Romans 12:14 . Pray for my friend and coworker < PROPFEMALE > . Her husband is dying . I share tears with her during this difficult time . 
is feeling pretty horrible tonight . work 10-7 tomorrow and i know bex will be laughing again ! 
Jesus has overcome and the grave is overwhelmed . The victory is won , he is risen the dead ! 
No power of hell , no scheme of man , could ever pluck me from his hand . Til he returns or calls me home , here in the love of Christ I stand ! 
What a day to feel miserable . Thank you for the cross precious savior ! 
Tomorrow is going to be a long day . Tired of being ill . Hoping ill be able to breathe a little better tomorrow . Ugh ! 
Who am I that you are mindful of me ? That you hear me , when I call ? And is it true that you are thinking of me , how you love me , its amazing . God you're amazing ! 
All of you is more than enough for all of me , for every thirst and every need , you satisfy me with your love , and all I have in you is more than enough . 
Crazies in the store today ! In the words of the work mother we don't need any more drama today ! 
people are ridiculous today ! Absolutely ridiculous ! And I think its so cute when < PROPFEMALE > gets shy when there's other people in the MC ! 
Is thankful that her work day is over ! Was told off several times today by customers . The last one was the best . Telling me to do the right thing . I do my job right and this is how I'm treated 
Skylar < PROPFEMALE > is cuddling with aunt < PROPFEMALE > . Were both sicky :( 
Just got home from taking sky to the hospital . I really wanted to get lots of rest tonight before a long day tomorrow ! So much for that I guess ! 
Its a great day to praise the Lord ! Let my customers see you in me today 
Would really like people to stop asking her when she's due ! I am not pregnant ! 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you ! 
making a cd for bex ! then heading over to walmart to give it to her and tell my daddy something amusing , ha ! 
I'm trading my sickness , and I'm trading my pain , and I'm laying them down for the joy of the lord ! 
Is thankful for inhalers right now . 
Greeter breaks ruin my life ! Today I choose to follow you 
Today I choose to give my yes to you 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are fancy ! I love her ! 
The money order machine is going to be the death of me . I'm sorry dear customers but I can't do anything about it ! 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today ! The loves of my life ! 
Just walked up 4 flights of stairs to get to sarahs apartment ! After almost having a full blown asthma attack this morning , walking up all those stairs was not fun ! 
God of wonders beyond our wildest dreams , you are holy , holy ! 
You placed the stars in the sky and you know them by name , you are amazing God ! 
Voice was back for not even a week and is gone again . I was talking fine to < PROPFEMALE > one minute and the next it was gone . Less than thrilled ! 
Getting the eyes checked and getting contacts , yay ! 
When everything falls apart you're the only hope for this heart . 
Now has contacts ! Having a wonderful day today ! God you are awesome ! 
You are god in heaven and here I am on earth , so ill let my words be few , Jesus I am so in love with you ! 
Only one mother is missing from my life today . Only because new jersey is too far to drive to ! 
Heal the wound but leave the scar , a reminder of how merciful you are , I am broken torn apart , so take the pieces of this heart and heal the wound but leave the scar 
Off for a long day at work ! 
Does not enjoy getting talked to like a dog . 
Gods been good to me , he has always been good . 
Just an hour to go ! Crazy while mother was on lunch ! Can't wait until 7 ! 
O no you never let go , through the calm and through the storm , o no you never let go , every high and every low , o no you never let go , lord you never let go of me ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is so cute ... im so glad im so important and loved by her ! Theres nothing better than the love a 3 year old has for her sunday school teacher ! Miss < PROPFEMALE > misses you too cutie ! 
3 more hours to go ! Bored working by myself all day ! 
needs some entertainment in her life at work tonight ! Please ! 
Funny night . Loves beckles ! 
Just heard that some lady had her car stolen as she was headed to her car after shopping . Kind of scared to leave at 930 
And I have seen the healing hand of god , reaching out and touching broken hearts . 
The two most precious children are spending the night at aunt emilys ! So blessed to have such wonderful godchildren ! 
Spending the day with addy and < PROPMALE > ! Praising god for his wonderful blessings ! 
Lord I give you my heart , I give you my soul , I live for you alone ! Let this be you attitude and prayer today ! 
To be like Jesus , this hope possesses me , in every thought and deed , this is my aim and cree , to be like Jesus this hope possesses me , his spirit helping me , like him I'll be ! 
At twin lakes with < PROPMALE > , the birth mother , addy and < PROPMALE > ! 
Home ! Kids are napping , then dinner , then taking them home and heading to bed . 7-3 tomorrow . Ewwww 
Church was awesome this morning ... What kind of Christian are you ? It never ceases to amaze me though that some people always have something negative to say . Someone doesnt come to church for months , calls our savior the risen zombie and then wonders why were irritated and fed up ? Lord give me strength to deal with those who pretend to love you , and are only sunday christians . 
Addy had a < PROPMALE > tantrum as I left tonight . 
Just saw them putting a box around the MC ! Do not want to work at customer service tomorrow ! 
they turned the MC into a box in the wall . Its a mess and cleaning only does so much ! 
Mother is here and so is < PROPFEMALE > . Yay for friends ! 
< PROPMALE > is reading a big book ! 
Dear customers , yes they are remodeling the MC . No , we do not know when they'll be done ! Actually we rather enjoy being confined to a box ! Ha ! 
Don't respond to the stupidity of a fool , you'll only look foolish yourself . Proverbs 26:4 . 
I guess were moving to customer service tomorrow . O joy ! 
Not looking forward to work today . It will not be fun and I hate being unorganized ! 
Is exhausted already and its hot because I don't like to work . 
So ill have 2 and a half hours left when I go back . Yay for late lunches ! 
Hoping tomorrow will be a better day . is it bad that < PROPFEMALE > , mother , and I want to call off ? 
Bedtime ! After today I'm definitely not looking forward to work tomorrow . Hopefully ill actually get to talk to mom tomorrow . On the plus side beckles and < PROPFEMALE > will be there as well as my mama ! Love you all ! 
Guess its time to go join the \fun\ " . Its going to be a long day ! " 
Its mutiny in there ! Haha let's get some swords and have a fight ! 
We are associates who don't do anything ... 
We just drink mochas and stand around , and if you ask us to do anything we'll just tell you we don't do anything ! 
Is kind of scared to go to bed tonight compliments of < PROPFEMALE > and scary movies ! 
Great is thy faithfulness ! 
The only way to get < PROPMALE > to go to bed tonight was to sing to him . Thank you Lord for the talent of voice ! 
The only way to get < PROPMALE > to go to bed tonight was to sing to him . Thank you Lord for giving me the gift of voice ! 
Still no MC ! 
All of 30 seconds and I'm soaked ! Thank goodness for good moms and warm hoodies ! 
Downtown greensburg is not fun to drive through when only half the lights work . 
No power at home . Glad I'm at sarahs right now . 
Now has power ! 
Has something entertaining to show bex in the morning ! 
Can't wait until 7 ! Going to my moms tonight ! 
Wants to leave but has 4 hours to go . They need to go fast , its been a rough week 
2 hours to go ! Then of to the ultimate mothers for the night ! 
So moms husband was gonna call the store just to tell me the MC was closed ! I'm aware thanks ! 
Is freezing ! Waking up super early to go with my sister to take her bf to work . 
It is so nice to have a day off . Church then who knows , maybe catch up on some sleep ! 
Spending the day with my other family ! O how I've missed them 
Is convinced that some people are only my friends because I have a car . 
Is not a taxi driver ! I should be treated better than a taxi driver as well ! I'm a good friend and I don't use anyone . Why do people think its okay to use me ! 
Had a wonderful day today ! Thank you Jesus for family ! Not looking forward to tomorrow ! 
Is hoping and praying that the MC is finished by tomorrow morning ! I can't take much more ! 
And I can see the fingerprints of god when I look at you ! 
Longest day ever ! Tomorrow is a new day with hopefully a new job location ! 
So maybe if I wish real hard there will be an open money center tomorrow ! I'm not gonna hold my breath though ! 
Well I was late this morning ! 
Work until 4 . Then shopping , then over to sarahs ! 
In the words of my \mom\ " -its enough to drive you to drink ! - " 
I've had a really bad day , and that's an understatement . Thankful for a mom who knows how to cheer me up even when she's just as stressed ! 
Is hoping for a much better day tomorrow . And hopefully ill wake up on time to go ! 
Another day in \paradise\ " . Not too bad today working with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST >!" 
Poor < PROPFEMALE > thought the MC was open because I wasn't at customer service . The fact that I was doing greeter breaks burst her bubble ! Soon please ! 
There will be a MC soon ! 
Spending the next two days with addy and < PROPMALE > ! 
< PROPMALE > just threw his spaghetti all over me ! 
At kristins with < PROPFEMALE > watching < PROPFEMALE > play with addy and < PROPMALE > ! They are so cute ! 
As we leave the house , the kids start saying I wanna see < PROPFEMALE > . I love that they love her so much ! 
Will work in the MC tomorrow even if its not ready ! Me and mom both haha ! 
Addy and < PROPMALE > call all my important friends < PROPFEMALE > ! How cute is that ! 
Feels privileged to have been the first MC associate to stand behind our counters ! 
God's creation of the world : 6 days and on the 7th he rested . Creation of a house on home makeover : 1 week . Walmart remodel : months and counting and still not done right . Knowing that I don't have to be at the grand reopening : priceless ! 
My brother is on his way home ! Too bad my work schedule leaves me virtually no time to < PROPFEMALE > out with him . 
Out with beckles ! 
I'm pretty sure me and beckles are the only ones in this club not drinking ! Go us ! 
Had the most amazing time with beckles tonight . I wonder if that car will still be in the parking lot when I go to work tomorrow ! 
Working 1-9 with < PROPFEMALE > , mom and beckles ! Woohoo . Then spending time with my brother 
Some people are so petty ! 
We need a couch in the MC ! There's more than enough room for one ! 
What a long day ! Still thinking the MC could use a couch ! Beckles wanted to leave with me but since mom wouldn't let me go with her I couldn't let her come with me ! 
3-10 on a sunday ! Not thrilled at all . I have not worked a sunday in 7 months ! 
Is not used to this . It feels like naptime ! 
Beckles leaves soon which means ill be so lonely ! I need friends ! 
Is hoping you're okay ! 
Misses you ... off tomorrow-what a strange week 
Is not feeling well on her day off . Such is my luck ! 
Is out shopping , well technically sitting in the break room while < PROPFIRST > shops ! 
I'm above your childish ways ! Just gonna be nice and civilized and if you want to be the cranky one go for it ! You're not gonna bring me down anymore ! 
Addy just told me I'm bad ! 
Cause faith without works is dead , and on the cross your blood was shed , so how could i not give it away so freely ? 7-3 tomorrow . Not really looking forward to it ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is back ! I'm very happy , I have missed her ! 
Is very frustrated today . I try to be nice to everyone but apparently I'm the mean one . Just want to be done with work for the day . Lord give me strength 
Is depressed and not over what happened today . My mind is racing and there's too much going on . Thank you to the work mother and the ultimate mother for being there for me today ! I love you both 
Heart is breaking . Losing a good friend . Pray for < PROPFIRST > . Pray for her family , her kids , and her mother . Pray for her church family as well . In the midst of it all I know that god is the mighty physician and can do anything ! 
Doesn't want to be here ! 
Misses working with her mom and beckles today ! Going to the park after work . Hoping it warms up some by then ! 
Time with < PROPFEMALE > , addy , and < PROPMALE > . Then sarahs . Work 10-7 tomorrow ! My mom and beckles will be there . 
The babies were ripped straight from my arms tonight . I'm broken hearted . I feel lost right now . 
Just needs hugs , love , and people to talk to_right now 
Just needs love , hugs , support , and people to talk to right now 
Troubles vanish , hearts are mended , in the presence of the < PROPMALE > . Asks for prayer . I'm having an extremely hard time . 
Wants things to get easier . This week has been absolutely horrible , lord give me strength 
When everything is falling apart you will be safe in his arms . Trying to be positive but the tears just keep flowing . 
Is thankful for the people who have lifted her up today . Thank you mom and beckles for your support . You both mean so much to me . 
Is busy keeping herself busy . The joy of the lord is my strength ! 
This is what it is to be loved and to know that the promise was when everything fell we'd be held . 
Knows that the lord will bless me in an amazing way . Healing rain is falling down . 
About to head to camp for some much needed fun and healing . I know the lord will bless me in a mighty way this weekend 
Learned some very scary statistics from my very own corps officer this morning ! 
broken ! Missing the babies but doesn't really know how to let the pain out . 
Talking with captain < PROPFEMALE > , praying for a healing touch in tonights meeting ! 
Just wants to be happy . Feels very unloved by many right now 
God you reign , forever and ever , god you reign ! 
Continue to convict me mighty savior 
Is giving it all up to my lord . he is everything to me . I can do all things with his help . Even when others give up on me he stills holds my hand ! 
you are my world , you are my god , and I lay down my life for you . you are my lord , the one that I love , and nothing could ever take your place ! 
you are my world , you are my god , and I lay down my life for you . you are my Lord , the oner that I love , and no one could ever take your place ! 
Is not awake yet ! This could take all day ! 
You will never ever change , yesterday , today the same . Forever till forever meets no end ! 
My strength and hope is in Christ alone . 10-7 today . LONG day . 
In the workplace it is not our job to tell people our views on religion ! I love you lt < PROPFEMALE > ! Meanwhile I just got smacked in the face by the breakroom door ! Go < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Well what does it matter ? People are insane today ! 
Trying very hard to succeed this time . 
This rescue mission is becoming too much . Walking to St < PROPFIRST > park with < PROPMALE > . 
Would probably still go to work if < PROPFIRST > had shot me in the stomach with the BB gun ! 
Break my heart for what breaks yours . Everything I am for your kingdoms cause . As I go from nothing to ETERNITY ! 
Really wants someone with more than 20 items to come through express when I'm on register ! It would make my day ! 
What is going on with me ? I haven't been hungry in about a week . 
faithfulness is what I long for , faithfulness is what I need , faithfulness is what you want from me . 
This is an intervention ! 
Is completely congested and feels like she is choking . Very uncomfortable right now 
LOST CAUSE ! 
Was supposed to get to see the babies today . We were lied to once again . 
Work was entertaining today . People crack me up for real ! 
Has spent the evening with < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you Lord for friends ! Work will be never ending tomorrow ! 
Is not looking forward to work tomorrow ! feeling like a failure in some aspects of her life . I pray for strength and willpower Lord ! 
2-10 today . Its going to be a LONG day ! 
Anti money laundering cbl calls my name ! Not really looking forward to it ! 
Today is going fast ! Thank goodness ! Can't wait to have a day off ! 
1 hour to go . Doing pulls with < PROPFEMALE > . Should be a pretty fast hour ! 
Finally done ! What a day ! sunday school lesson preparations , devotions , and bed ! 
Happy mothers day to all my \moms\ " who have made a difference in my life ! I love you " 
Church was exhausting today . Thank you Lord for all the kids even if its a lot of work ! Been sleeping on and off since I got home ! 
Is very upset that its so cold in red < PROPFIRST > ! 
Lauren : \i like her hair because it reminds me of what mine will be like in 30 years ! \ " haha I love my little sister ! " 
Should probably be sleeping ! Lots of laughs with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 7-3 tomorrow . 
Mondays are pretty boring in the MC ! I surely hope it picks up ! 
I bleed sarcasm ! 
Has pretty much been sleeping since she got off . not feeling all that well . 
Is sick 
Is really hoping she feels better by 2 ! I don't want to call off ! 
is really hoping she can make it through work today . Not feeling well still . 
Its sickville in the MC ! 
Is very ill . Just one hour to go . 
Has never been so excited to get off of work ! Has not felt well all day today . Going home and getting some much needed rest ! 
Is thankful for good \moms\ " who take care of you when you're sick and for ALWAYS having meds in their purses ! I love you work mother ! " 
Really would like to go take a walk but is feeling quite weak , in pain , and knows she should use this day off to rest ! 
I am not good at resting ! I get very bored very easily . But per my friend < PROPFEMALE > and my \Mother's\ " orders I have been resting all day ! Hoping to feel much better for work tomorrow ! " 
List of MC accommodations : couch , medicine cabinet , first aid < PROPFEMALE > , endless supply of tissues , and a coffee maker ! 
List of MC accommodations : couch , medicine cabinet , first aid < PROPFEMALE > , endless supply of tissues , snack drawer , and coffee machine ! 
Was put in time out by my almost 2 year old godson ! Apparently he knows that I'm supposed to be resting too ! 
Is feeling quite feverish , achy , and now sad . Time to go back to bed . 
Is still not feeling all that well . Working until 3 then getting some more rest . 
Quarantined to the MC with my mother ! Ha-thanks beckles ! 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-kehoe face ! 
Out of the quarantined zone ! 
You would think with as much as I've slept in the past 4 days that I would not be as tired as I am ! I feel so unproductive this week . Rest is much needed though ! 
We are fans of sleep . It always sounds so good when customers mention it ! 
I raised 17.32 for cmn today ! Go MC ! 
The MC has raised over 60 dollars so far today for childrens miracle network ! Praise God ! I'm proud of us ! 
Walmart germs ! I think I buy more tissues than anyone I know from working in that place ! 
feels like its been forever since I saw lt < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Feels like its been forever since I've seen lt < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Is loving her corps officers ! Thank you Lord for placing lts < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Demichael in Greensburg ! What a blessing they are ! 
Is having an extremely hard time falling asleep due to being extremely congested . Dear Walmart customers : as always thank you for sharing your germs with the associates ! With heartfelt gratitude , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Going to kennywood today with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Wish I could breathe ! Hoping to have fun anyway ! 
Is at kennywood ! 
With as much screaming as I'm doing today I am sure to be voiceless on Monday ! Having an awesome time with emsies though 
2 sick emilys make for not so fun a day at kennywood ! 
Is having a great time with < PROPFEMALE > at kennywood ! Soaking wet from the raging rapids and cold medicine waring off ! 
Is having a great time at kennywood with < PROPFEMALE > ! Soaking wet from the raging rapids and I'm pretty sure my cold medicine is wearing off ! Boo 
After months of trying to eat meat and feeling sick , I have decided its time to go back to my vegetarian way of living ! 
When the road starts to turn , around each bend I've learned , you are good , so good . And when somebody's hand holds me up , helps me stand , you are good , so good ! 
Was reminded today how awesome god is . We made shoes out of paper bags to remind of us the trials those in other countries and how blessed we are to have a God who loves us ! 
Helping with < PROPFEMALE > j's birthday party ! 
What a long day ! Church all day . Had fun at < PROPFEMALE>'s party . 7-3 tomorrow . 
After having the whole weekend off I'm not really looking forward to going back ! At least I work with my mama most of my day tomorrow ! Only day like that this week ! :( 
Works 230-1030 eww ! Nobody works with me today :( 
is finally going to bed after a very long day ! 
Off today . Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and then off to the gym with < PROPFEMALE > 
This is where the healing begins ! 
Insane water battle with < PROPMALE > ! Fun fun times ! 
Off to the gym ! So excited ! 
Work until 9 . Then to the gym . 
Saw < PROPFEMALE > and delaina today ! I miss them sooo much ! 
Can't find her card to get in the gym . Guess no gym for me until Monday ! Sad :( 
Praises God for new beginnings . For never giving up on us when we fail . And of course for giving us strength and courage to conquer anything ! 
Work 3-11 then back from 7-4 tomorrow ! The next two days will be rough ! 
2 corinthians 12:9 -10 . 
Some people need to learn to count ! 20 items or less does not mean 57 ! And then go and complain about me because it took me longer to ring your order and I was irritated ! Still irritated . Time to go home and come back at 7 am ! 
Has calmed down . Off to bed soon to wake back up in about 6 hours to go back to work . At least I work with my faves tomorrow ! 
LONG day ! 
Crazy day . That's it . 
Just an hour and a half to go ! Then home to relax until tonight then its odd to the gym 
Just an hour and a half to go . Nothing after work until < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > gets off and then were headed to the gym ! 
Took a long nap after my very boring day at work . Now I'm wide awake and about to head to the gym ! 
Is nervous and scared about tomorrow . Asking for everyones prayers . Thank you ! 
Car broke down again . Bad night . 
FRUSTRATED ! Thankful for the few good friends in my life that don't use me ! Nervous and scared for what the day holds . I love you addy and < PROPMALE > ! 
God is going to do great things today . I know everything is going to be more than okay ! 
Its taking everything not to cry right now as I sit here and wonder . 
REALLY discouraged and really missing the babies . 
Had an extremely long and hurtful day . Thank you friends for listening to me . I love you ! 
When I'm weak you are strong , when hurt you are healing , in death you are life , when lonely you're bringing your love holding me up . 
People are so rude . Bad day ! 
So far I have raised 115.25 for childrens miracle network ! 
Off to the gym soon to work off some stress and frustration . I ask for prayer . 
Gym was awesome ! Let out tons of frustration ! 
You give and take away , my heart will choose to say , Lord blessed be your name ! Miss you addy and Timmy&hearts 
You give and take away , my heart will choose to say , Lord blessed be your name . Miss you addy and < PROPMALE > 
Bad day . Hard week . Lord give me strength for today ! 
Giving it up to god ! 
We pour out our miseries , God just hears a < PROPFEMALE > . Beautiful the mess we are , honest cries and breaking hearts , are better than a hallelujah ! 
4 hours to go , then going to get < PROPFEMALE > and were off to the gym ! Can't wait ! 
eat n park for coffee and then to the gym ! 
Well < PROPFEMALE > doesn't feel well so I guess I'm going to the gym by myself ! 
Birthday shopping with beckles since she just found out tomorrows her boyfriends daughters first birthday ! Good job < PROPFIRST > ! 
Sitting in lawn chairs in the Walmart parking lot with beckles ! Too much fun ! 
Just got home from hanging out with beckles and < PROPFIRST > all night ! Most fun I've had in a while . Much needed . Thank you beckles ! 
Wants to thank < PROPFEMALE > for words of inspiration in my favorite language ! I miss you so much ! 
Can't wait for the gym ! 
Lord to give up I'd be a fool , you are my all in all ! 
church in the morning ! Lord touch me ! Help me to be as witness to the kiddos as well ! I love you Lord ! 
Church in the morning . Bless us Father ! I pray that you would let me be a witness to the kiddos as well ! 
Doesn't really want to work tonight . Not really in a good mood . Really hoping to see < PROPFEMALE > sometime this summer ! 
Is not having a good day . 
Glad to be done for the night . Stressful night at work . 7-3 tomorrow . 
Has a swollen ankle . 
Does not like the rain nor how cold it is out . This would be why my ankle hurts so much . 
Congratulations lieutenant < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Smullen ! I'm very proud of my best childhood friend ! 
Some people just annoy me . 
Will be hanging out with beckles , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > ! So excited ! 
All entertaining things happen at work once I leave . How stupid do people think we are ? 
Hanging with some of my favorite people 
Had an awesome night ! Kaitlyn : \I licked your phone and sat on your lap all in one night ! \"" 
Hanging with my best friend ! 
Is heading to the gym soon . 
I yearn for a deeper and more whole relationship with you Lord ! 
Very slow and boring day at work ! 9 needs to get here soon ! 
Thinks its so funny when customers threaten to turn in over something I have no control over ! 
Just another day of customers threatening to turn me in over stupid things that I have no control over at all ! 
Downpouring like crazy tonight ! I don't like it ! 
In every victory let it be said of me , my source of strength , my source of hope , is Christ alone . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > I love you . To everyone else , I am not your taxi driver ! 
Another wonderful day at work . 1-9 again . It is so weird not working with my mother for 3 days in a row ! 
Another long , slow day . Then to the gym . 
O my funniest thing ever today ! < PROPFEMALE > punched out for her lunch when she was only on break ! I love my coworkers/friends ! 
2 hours to go ! 
I deserve to be treated better . I deserve to be treated more than just your taxi driver . More than the person you call when you need a ride . I'm a good friend who would do about anything for anyone and I'm done being treated as less . 
Is going to twin lakes after work to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > ! 
Hanging with < PROPMALE > 
Swollen foot ! Wish I had a day off soon but not off until Tuesday 
Is gonna be a part of Kryssy < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ! I miss my bestie ! 
Praises God for her best friend < PROPFEMALE > ! Even though were far apart , I would do anything for this girl ! Thank you Lord for the reminder that no matter how I fail , there are always friends to lift me up ! 
As I was driving home from sheetz tonight , some idiot was driving up east otterman st ! Wow-thank you Lord for provision ! 
Loves how certain coworkers make you feel like the biggest idiot over for making one small mistake ! Its easy to do when you have over 200 customers ! 
Loves how certain coworkers make you feel like the biggest idiot ever over one mistake . I do my best . Its easy to make a mistake on a Friday when there are lines ! 
Late lunch today . Only 2.5 hours when I go back . 
Today went super fast ! 
Finally done for the day . 2 more days in a row of closing then off for 2 days ! 
Church early in the morning . 
You are the Lord , the famous one . Great is your name in all the earth ! 
2 more hours to go . So tired . Closing takes all my energy away ! And I get to close again tomorrow ! 
Done for the night ! 5 hour shifts last forever ! 
230-1030 . Hoping the day goes really fast ! 
Work until 1030 . Monroeville mall with beckles and < PROPFEMALE > in the morning . Then I'm off to derry ! 
So I was on my phone on my last break walking to the back when a customer really stopped me to ask me where silverware was ! 
Finally done with work for 2 days ! Morning trip to monroeville mall with beckles and < PROPFEMALE > . Then off to derry with < PROPMALE > ! 
Shopping this morning with beckles and < PROPFEMALE > . Then picking up < PROPMALE > ! 
So beckles was so proud that she actually knew where she was going ! Ya not so much haha ! 
My car is giving me crazy problems ! It won't go in reverse now . This morning was fun but now things are going horrible . 
Made it to derry . Thank you Lord ! 
Idlewild today ! 
Thanks work mother for being concerned ! Having a good time at idlewild ! 
Praising God for safe traveling mercies back home . Car is going to the shop ! 
Work until 3 . 
Almost done . Nobody yelled at me today . Poor beckles was though ! Crazy people ! 
Very tired ! Nap time then off to the gym . 
Is truly thankful for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Thank you Jesus for great people ! 
Taking care of myself . Doesn't want to be a part of your world anymore . I may live in this world , but I don't have to be of this world ! 
2 hours left ! Its been quite a productive day ! 
Thank you Lord ! You always provide and do great things ! I love you ! 
Working 2-9 today . Off tomorrow ! 
is very happy and thanking God for his awesome blessings ! 
When I close and I'm by myself sometimes time goes faster . 
Is sleepy . Just enough time to clean the MC and it will be time to go home ! 
Cause there's nothing better than being your girl and if I am your < PROPFEMALE > then daddy , you are the < PROPMALE > of the world ! I love you daddy ! Happy Fathers Day ! 
BYOB ! Bring your own Bible ! -lt < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Wonderful time at keystone today with family and friends ! 
Praising god for good friends who are there in times of crisis ! And thank you for the prayers that kept us safe ! 
Sometimes we don't get treated as we should ! 
Hopes you realize that every time you tell me something insane , it makes me want to completely ignore you ! I love you but you don't know how your words hurt ! 
aint nobody love me like Jesus , aint nobody love me like the Lord no no , aint nobody love me like Jesus , he's my friend ! 
Doesn't think its fair that because I have a car you expect me to drive you where you want to go when you want to go there 
4 hours to go . Then off to the gym ! 
It is disgusting out ! Can't wait to get my pool on Thursday ! 
Done at 3 today . Kind of miss working at camp ! 
Loves running through the front end trying to catch customers who forget their items 
Now has a pool ! 
Well just found out that I won't have my car until tomorrow morning . Kind of depressed right now . I was really looking forward to seeing the kiddos today 
4 to 8 today . Off all weekend ! Pool time , seeing the kids , and going to camp ! 
Just an hour to go ! Then spending time with the kiddos ! 
Loves the noise of having my favorite toddlers in the house again ! 
< PROPMALE > is proudly sporting some beautiful pearls in his hair ! 
Is beyond frustrated and thinks her father needs to get home with her car now ! 
Taking a break from dealing with this stupid pool . Going to camp after church tomorrow . Very excited ! 
And I would give everything I own just to have you back again . Been missing you a lot lately baby boy ! 
There is hope for me yet , because God won't forget , all the plans he's made for me , I have to wait and see , he's not finished with me yet . 
Well it wouldn't be a ride to camp without a downpour ! Love it ! 
Was reminiscing about the old camp bridge with people and remembers the time < PROPFIRST > and I had a Chinese drill and @ < PROPFEMALE > Himes left us there ! 
Was reminiscing about the old camp bridge with friends and remembers the time < PROPFIRST > and I had a Chinese fire drill and Mrs. Himes left us there ! 
is in pain tonight and I have to be up super early for work ! 
7-4 then shopping with beckles and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Is pretty excited to see jessey within the next few days ! 
Can't stand her mother . Bet if < PROPMALE > wanted something you wouldn't tell him no ! Sick of getting treated like this . 24 years and she still treats me like I'm worthless . 
dress shopping with beckles and < PROPFEMALE > always makes me feel better ! 
After 30 dresses beckles finally found one that she likes ! 
Power out at my house ! 
At beckles hanging out ! Work 12-9 . 
Is now home . Time for bed . Long day tomorrow . 
Gym tonight with em ! 
off tomorrow ! 
Is really happy that she got to spend time with Jessey , < PROPFIRST > , Shaedon , and Zayelah today ! 
Happy 2nd birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Wolford III ! I love you baby boy ! 
4 more hours then going to see my birthday boy ! I love you < PROPMALE > ! 
It completely melted my heart tonight when addy looked at her mom and told her she wanted to see < PROPFEMALE > ! Then < PROPMALE > asked about her too ! Soooo cute ! 
Work until 7 . Then spending some time with Addy and < PROPMALE > ! 
Spending time with Addy and < PROPMALE > ! Pictures tomorrow followed by hanging out with < PROPFIRST > and Jessey ! 
Having a great day off . Going to see jessey and < PROPFIRST > soon ! 
Church in the morning with Addy and < PROPMALE > ! Then the remainder of my holiday will be spent at Walmart ! 
Thinks its kind of rude that her parents want to have a cookout without me . And try to hide it from me too . I would never do that to anyone I care about . Nice to know how much they don't care 
Getting a copy machine in the MC is not a good suggestion ! 
Hopefully ill be able to clean the MC before I have to leave . Getting the trash out is my main priority ! 
Was actually able to really clean the money center tonight ! I swept the floor , cleaned the counters , and yes I even managed to get the trash out ! 
Had dinner with beckles and < PROPFIRST > ! Now its time for bed so I can have yet another exciting day at Walmart ! 
Long day ! going to grove city tomorrow ! 
Spent too much time talking to money gram tonight and then sending a mg for 800 dollars and the guy paid in 10's , 5's and 1's! I love my job ! 
Going to grove city today with some of my favorite ladies ! Yay ! 
Had a great time today . 
Too hot ! I don't like it ! 
A thank you would have been nice ! Feeling pretty unappreciated tonight ! 
Nothing to do after work . Pretty excited ! 
Thinks its messed up that my brother has a time frame to visit us because apparently your family is so much better than ours . That really hurts my feelings . Thanks . 
Is feeling better now . 
So my work mother says to me , \is it bad that I can't touch my steering wheel ? \ " haha I love her ! " 
AJ : I don't even know what's in that book ! 
Hanging with jessey after work , then watching my addy and < PROPMALE > ! 
Is spending time with addy and < PROPMALE > tonight . Can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! 
Is not feeling too well tonight . I blame the weather ! Feeling dehydrated 
Hanging out with jessey and < PROPFIRST > ! Also thankful for my sister < PROPFEMALE > and my \mother\ " < PROPFEMALE >!" 
Breathing problems tonight . 
Waiting to see if you'll really say something to me at church tomorrow . Consider us no longer friends . And that means no more rides for you . 
The dog wacked his teeth off my face last night . My face still hurts ! 
Needs to find something fun for the babies to do today that isn't too hot 
Going swimming today with the babes ! 
Sitting at emilys with the babies until < PROPMALE > gets back 
Will be heading to bed super early tonight . Work tomorrow 7-4 . At least my mama works with me ! 
One minute its a joke , next you don't remember saying it at all . Wow , all I can say is you're dumb . 
working with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > tomorrow . < PROPFEMALE > Keller is not cool because she is off tomorrow . 
Sitting in the yard watching shaedon swim ! He's so cute ! 
Is completely exhausted . Hoping things are going well with jessey at the hospital . Watching the kids until she's done and then I'm gonna get some much needed sleep 
Has decided that toddlers are more fun than babies ! 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for your countless prayers , for your loving kindness , for making me laugh when I don't think possible , and for being there for me . I love you both very much , and thank you both for being \mom\ " to me ! " 
Everyday with you Lord , is sweeter than the day before . Every morning I will worship and every evening I'll adore . Cuz everyday with you is sweeter , sweeter than the day before ! 
2 second power outage at work results in money center computers not working ! 
Is tired of customers assuming I'm pregnant . I'm not and won't be until after I'm married . Just call me fat next time , k ! Although I'm loosing weight ! Grrrr ! 
So glad you're out of my life ! 
Giving of yourself is not a one way street ! I love helping people but you have taken this too far ! I'm completely disgusted with you . 
My chains are gone , I've been at free , my god my savior has ransomed me , and like a flood his mercy brings , unending love , amazing grace ! 
My chains are gone , I've been set free , my God , my Savior has ransomed me . And like a flood his mercy brings , unending love , amazing grace ! 
Hace < PROPFEMALE > calorazo k me muero ! 
Jessey picked out a < PROPMALE > movie , good going considering not one of us speaks < PROPMALE > . Too bad it wasn't Spanish ! Haha I absolutely love her ! 
Hanging with em and the babies tomorrow . I live for the weekends when I see my beautiful godchildren ! Its such a blessed reminder of how loved I am ! 
Going to see addy and < PROPMALE > ! Spending the day with them and < PROPFEMALE > ! So excited ! 
Heading to keystone with < PROPFEMALE > , addy , and < PROPMALE > ! 3 of my favorite people in the world ! 
Apparently I pretend to be peoples friend ! 
What have I done to deserve this ? Lord I need your healing touch ! 
Why can't I ever be at work when they send people home early ? 
Honestly why does EVERYTHING bad happen to me . I'm not having a good day ! 
Coffee with the best friend will hopefully make me feel better ! I feel like an outcast . I feel like you're out to get me . I just need someone to tell me they love me tonight ! 
My best friend is my world . People try to tear us apart and I'm sick of it . Frustrated and in need of a great hug ! 
Is determined to not let you ruin another day for her ! Work until 4 with mother , then spending the rest of the day with addy and < PROPMALE > 
Is wondering if she really is the cause of all this drama ? I just want it to end . Other than that I know tomorrow will be a great day ! Great family and spending all day with addy and < PROPMALE > ! 
See it through the darkest nights , see it through the storms of life , Jesus saves ! 
Family reunion was amazing ! Love my family so much ! 
My eye is swollen and hurts a lot . I'm really not okay with this ! 
I am pressed but not crushed , persecuted not abandoned , struck down but not destroyed . I am blessed beyond the curse for his promise will endure , and his joy is gonna be my strength . though the sorrow may last through the night , his joys comes with the morning ! 
I don't think I belong anymore . Thanks for making me feel this way 
Work 3-11 . Wishing things were different but trusting in gods strength 
Work is not bad today . Thinking things through . I know God has a plan and will bless me through all of this 
So out of curiosity I looked at Fridays schedule and noticed that both my mother and I close . It shall be a lovely day ! 
Tomorrow I work with my favorites ! I need them for real ! Love you mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and beckles ! 
Hit my head really hard off the MC counter today and couldn't see straight for 4 hours . Still have a bad headache but at least I can see ! 
Asks everyone to pray for my friend < PROPMALE>'s grandma ! She's a wonderful woman , and special to a lot of people including me 
I am persuaded to believe that you can't seperate us from the wonderful love of God . From far above us he has sent us , if we let him live within us , while in this sinful world we trod . Neither life , nor death , not principalities , things present or things to come , and though the devil hate us , he could never seperate us from the wonderful love of God ! 
Just got amazing news . Thank you Lord ! I love you ! 
Flat tire ruined my night 
makeovers with Jessey Hayes ! I love her to death ! Cannot wait to see < PROPFEMALE > Williamsand < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe ! 
< PROPFIRST > and jesseys neighbors really freak me out ! I'm watching the effects of drug use right now . Its really scary 
Work super early in the morning . O how I love opening . 
Just found out both my mom AND beckles are off tomorrow . NOT COOL ! 
Heat exhaustion . Having a hard time being at work . 
Is still not feeling very well . Boo . 
After a long and annoying day I'm finally done . 
after work I still wasnt feeling very well so i decided to take a much needed nap . Well I had a crazy scary nightmare about some psycho that killed someone and then he was after me . I wasnt as scared though because < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > were there . Even in my nightmares , my friends kept me safe ! Love you 3 very much ! 
going back to < PROPFEMALE > out with Jessey Hayes soon ! work tomorrow 12-9 but its all good because < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > will be there too ! 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! I love my brother and I can't wait to see him Monday ! 
Low oxygen levels . I would really love to breathe right now for real 
Wonderful to know they turn the a/c on after I get off ! Thanks ! All of us asthmatics would love to feel some air during the day ! 
Could someone please tell me why my godchildren are still awake ? I really just wanna go to sleep 
This heat has made me one sick < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
Church !! Then I'm not sure . 
My brother and < PROPFIRST > Gaffney come home tomorrow ! woo hoo and thank you to < PROPFEMALE > Beanita Woods-Kuteypie for her awesome scheduling skills and i will actually get to spend time with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Going out to dinner with jessey , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > ! Love my friends ! 
If God is for us who can be against us ? Its funny how you think I care . I have better things to worry about than what you really think about me ! 
Going swimming with jessey and < PROPFEMALE > after work then going to meet my brother at the train station ! Woo hoo ! Can't wait to see him finally ! 
Tattoo in the morning ! Then the next two days are completely dedicated to spending time with my brother ! 
Has a new tattoo and will be posting pics soon ! 
Work until 7 . Then going to see the babies and spending time with my brother ! 
Trying to figure out how to help my friends out . 
I don't want you in my life . Please just leave me alone already ! 
heading to the gym , although i should head to bed . tomorrow is gonna be a crazy day ! it was so nice to hear that i look like im loosing weight , much better than the negativity that has been thrown my way . Persecute me if you want ... when I am weak then I am strong ! thank you Jesus ! 
Craziness today and I knew it would . Pretty sure the cash office is tired of answering their phone to me ! 
watching addy and < PROPMALE > bond with my brother < PROPMALE > ! They are having an absolute blast and they absolutely love him ! its so cute ! 
Going to spend time with < PROPMALE > . He leaves for camp tomorrow :( at least he'll be back in a week to spend more time with us ! 
Church . Then dinner and then work 4-9 . All by myself tonight :( 
Not a good night at work . It needs to end now ! 
I'm definitely not looking forward to working 11-8 by myself tomorrow ! I'm really praying that its not nearly as bad as tonight was ! Tonight was just absolutely horrible ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , thanks for leaving me by myself ! 
Free working Sorority Life Brownie Points Helper here http://bit.ly/bkrwAW No need to thank :) 
Boring day . So glad I'm done at 3 instead of 4 ! 
Almost got hit by 2 cars on my way out of work today ! People should really watch where they're going ! Hanging out with jessey now ! 
RIP pop-pop ! I love you ! 
Wishes she could have said goodbye . Love you and miss you much pop-pop ! RIP 
Another bad day . Thanks dad for ruining it . I'm stuck at home because once again you messed up my car thanks ! 
Very upset right now . This is too much for me . 
Worst day ever . Now my car is sitting at emilys work completely dead . 
Is highly annoyed with this stupid summer cold ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is silly ! There is no way I can go work somewhere else next week when there are only 3 of us here . My \mother\ " says I'm not allowed to anyway haha ! " 
This stupid cold and the sad event of this past week has taken the life out of me . RIP pop-pop . I love you and miss you . Still wishing I could have said bye ! 
And so I start my thrilling four hour shift ! Can't wait to see my brother again tomorrow ! 
Pushing through this 4 hour shift . Not really feeling that well . This cold needs to go away now ! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with jessey soon ! 
can't breathe ! church in the morning , then seeing my brother finally ! 
Thanks for making fun of me while I was in church and acting like you know so much . 
Waiting for my brother to get home ! Soon please ! 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE>'s church tonight . Now waiting for my brother to get home ! 
Has a lot to think about and pray about . God changed me tonight and I'm done being hurt by you . Time to move on ! 
Does not enjoy working by herself ! Especially when it gets crazy ! 7 will be here soon enough I guess ! 
Is thankful to have tomorrow off . Not looking forward to working by myself on Wednesday again ! Ugghh ! 
My brother is watching this crazy show about how we make up God in our heads and how he's nothing more than an image in our heads . Glad I know and believe that my Redeemer LIVES ! 
Is going out to eat with her brother at super panda ! Its his last day home so I'm planning to spend the whole day with him . 
Where are my parents ? < PROPMALE > and I should have left to go to dreas by now ! 
Chillin with < PROPMALE > , drea , and her family . Having a good time ! 
My brother really just sang a song about me dying ! He's so awkward 
had fun at dreas tonight ... very sad that my brother leaves tomorrow ! 
As tears flow from my eyes , I hate to say goodbye . It seems you'll be so far away , but each day in my heart you'll stay . I love you little brother and I will miss you . I wish it weren't time for you to head back home already ! 
< PROPMALE > and drea just boarded the train . It makes me sad to see them go . I love you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > ! 
2 more hours ! What a fast day ! Woo hoo !! 
Just chillin after work today ... no plans at all . 
Thankful for a pretty awesome optimistic lady in my life ! Thanks ! 
Is not okay tonight . Tomorrow needs to be better . 
Spending time with < PROPFEMALE > in the morning then work all day . 
Maybe to you I'm ugly , but I know someone out there loves me for me . 
You are the meanest person I've ever met . No real friend no matter the circumstance would say any of the things you just said to me . 
Loves < PROPFEMALE > ! Hanging out with her until work 
This is going to be a crazy evening ! Not in the mood to get yelled at by customers ! 
Work was insane ! My phrase of the day ? How much is your check ? 
Sunday can't come soon enough ! Friends , church , and what I'm sure will be a great experience will be here soon ! Lord , please let tomorrow be better ! 
My godson makes me smile ! He looked at me and said I need < PROPFEMALE > ! Not a second later he said I need to see < PROPFEMALE > now ! It warms my heart so much that both my godchildren love my friends so much ! 
working 3-10 , most dreaded shift ... ugh . cant wait until tomorrow !!!!! 
More than boring day at work ! 
Is really hoping my wallet is at emilys ... 
Cannot wait until tomorrow ! As long as I don't get lost I know ill have a great time ! 
Making brownies for tomorrow . This should be fun . 
Brownies done . Going to bed . Dropping the parents off for church in the AM then off to my adventure ! 
Awesome time today . It felt so nice to be accepted , and to be surrounded by friends ! 
has found an awesome friend in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Today was awesome , I feel truly blessed to have such awesome people in my life ! Thank you ! 
Delight yourselves in the Lord , and he will give you the desires of your heart . 
Its people like you that have turned me from the one place I have known and loved for 12 years . Thankful for those people who introduced me to something new ! 
Wants her car fixed now ! 
has a new number . if were friends youll get it 
working tomorrow 7-3 . finally working with mom ! 
so i was late this morning and now im gonna get treated horribly all day ! 
car is running again ! God certainly is awesome ! 
sitting at home all alone while dad works and mom is still at camp . 
off to work until 7 . 
tomorrow is gonna be fun ! i cant wait to see the look on addys and timmys face when they see < PROPFEMALE > ! theyve been asking to see her for two weeks now ! 
interesting morning with the kids . church was great though . 
just chillin with < PROPMALE > . pretty tired , close tomorrow :( 
im very loving and very forgiving , but not nice ! glad you liked your present mom ! love you ! 
talking to a good friend . it feels nice to be able to talk about hard stuff . 
sometimes i still really miss my best friend . tonight is one of those nights . i wouldn't trade anything for the moments we shared together . i love you still JLA ! 
not looking forward to work , i have a feeling its going to be a long day ! 
happy birthday work mother ! and work isnt so bad now that beckles is here ! 
work is nuts ! just wanna be done and relax . 
my foot hurts tonight . less than an hour to go . pretty tired from this long day . 
spent my last half hour as a people greeter tonight . less than thrilled ! 
glad im off tomorrow ! today was exhausting . 
zayelah is being crazy ! chillin with friends and glad im not dealing with the crazies today ! 
my mothers stories make me giggle . so thankful for her 
not looking forward to waking up super early for work . cant wait to work thursday with mother finally ! 
kind of tired today and trying to figure something out . 
spending time with friends ! 
k-love cant be picked up in jesseys house :( . working 7-4 again tomorrow , and for whatever reason there are 4 of us tomorrow . 
just wants to cry ... for real . i went to leave for work and my car wouldnt start . i was at a friends so now its going to take over an hour to get to work . 
this has been an exhausting day . im sooo over walking everywhere . i really hope stev-o can figure out whats wrong with my car ! 
is thinking shes gonna miss work this weekend ... well maybe just mom and beckles ... i will definitely miss church sunday :( 
what is there to appreciate about a silly band necklace , and what is there really to be jealous about ? jessey fails ! 
someone really took it upon themselves to disconnect a wire from my starter . i didnt do anything to you , really youre so immature ! 
cannot wait to move out of here ! 
is really excited about the possibilities ! God is surely moving in my life , and opening up doors ! 
had fun riding around on a golf cart with a good friend . also praising God for opening my heart to what he needed to tell me ! 
is feeling dehydrated tonight . 
loves her corps officers , and program assistant . greater things are yet to come for this child of God . 
is really thinking about going back to school next semester 
pretty tired tonight . praising God for opening a door , and praying all goes well ! 
will most likely be moving out in a few weeks with a great friend ! thank you Jesus for opening this door , and placing a new path in front of me ! 
ugh please help me , tomorrow is , in the words of < PROPFEMALE > , old peoples day ! 
another wonderful day at wal-mart . working until 7 . then its time to start the adventure of packing . 
a never ending sleepover ... thats what this is gonna be ! 
everything works out perfect in God's time ! im making big changes in my life . one good decision after another ! i love you Lord ! 
cant even contain my excitement right now ... how awesome is God ! 
ahhhhhh ! 
at 1 am i feel like i could run a mile . i have to work at 10 am , what is wrong with me ?!? 
crazy doesnt even begin to explain the day im having . 
completely exhausted , and i still have an hour and a half 
when will you realize that i dont care what you or your sister thinks about me ? 
work 10-7 . i honestly cant wait to move out ! 
satan had me bound , but Jesus set me free 
pressing on towards the goal ! in less than two weeks i should be in my new place , with an awesome friend ! 
hes always been faithful to me ! 
pretty tired today , work until 4 then packing some more ! 
about to get my hair CHOPPED off ! on another note , im on my way to recovery from a disgusting bad habit ! Thank you for those of you who have not given up on me , who have prayed for me , and have been there for me ! I love you all ! 
and the persecution continues , by people that dont even know me ! o well , living for the one and only that matters ! really happy with my haircut ! thanks Jessey :) 
got lots of compliments on my hair today ! going to < PROPFEMALE > out with jessey , and adding some highlights ! 
spending the day with jessey , then church 
wishes she were in altoona visiting her best friend , and seeing my top role model ! love you both ! 
is it time to move yet ??? completely frustrated with my mother , and honestly ready to get out of here . Lord , give me strength ! 
dear friends , please help to support The Salvation Army and its mission by donating something in honor of my 25th birthday ! http://apps.facebook.com/causes/birthdays/431265?m=04e7377f&bws=s 
moving the week of the 20th ! so insanely excited ! 
really misses addy and < PROPMALE > , but that doesnt matter because their mom hates me , and wont speak to me . Trying to let it go ... moving soon and so very excited 
going to < PROPFEMALE > out with jessey tonight ... church in the morning , packing up some stuff , and probably napping ! 
hopefully getting my car fixed today , but for now headed to church ! 
will have her car back soon , will be moving soon , and will be taking a mini vacation to altoona at the beginning of october ! 
best birthday present ever-getting my car back ! thanks stevo ! 
my car is officially fixed . praise the Lord for answered prayer ! 
is officially 25 today ! 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! back to work tomorrow , 1-9 
cant wait until the first weekend of October ! going to visit some of my favorite people ! 
is thanking < PROPFEMALE > , aka mom , for helping her get her coffee fix today ! love you !!!! 
anxiety has hit me hard tonight . i dont even know why . work 10-7 tomorrow . 
lunch time ... goin out with beckles tonight ! yay for yet another birthday dinner ! 
dinner with beckles ! 
chillin with beckles ! 
a customer really asked me and mother today , if you had to have a teaching degree to teach sunday school ! haha , flighty customers crack me up ! 
church in the AM . Work was exhausting tonight ... glad im off tomorrow ! 
Lord , continue to remind me that when i am persecuted , you are lifting me up . 
wants to talk to her brother ! i miss him lotssssss !!!! 
do not conform any longer to the patterns of this world , but be transformed by the renewing of your mind . 
im going to lose it . actually i think i already have . 
working 11-8 tomorrow ... 
work was insanely exhausting ! off tomorrow , thank goodness ! 
music school-zachs house-VEGGIETALES silly songs with the kiddos ! i love tuesday nights!' 
is completely frustrated with her car ! 
wishes she could get ahold of stevo ! my car hates me , i just want it fixed so that i dont have to worry how im going to get to altoona next weekend ! 
not worried about tomorrow , for I know that God has it all in his hands . 
needs to vent about something pretty aggravating , but im not going to be like others and post how I feel on here . anyway , had a pretty good day at work , thankful to be off tomorrow , and even more thankful that in one week and one day I will be visiting 3 of my favorite people ever ! 
apparently i bring the light ... the power at my place came on as soon as i got home , then when i got to my friends house their power came on , now \mom\ " says i need to visit her ! " 
going out to eat with < PROPFEMALE > , then spending time with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
headed to DMA for the day with a venti extra coffee caramel frap in hand ! 
knows tomorrow will be a blessed day . 
could honestly go to bed now . pretty tired today , but had one very blessed day ! just 4 days of work and then i get to go on a mini vacation to see some of my faves ! 
can it be friday yet ?? i really want to see kryssy and < PROPFEMALE > now ! 
are we not supposed to show brotherly love , and selflessness to all ? My life has been completely turned around over the past month ... and I'm completely in love with Jesus . 
praying for lt . < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! feel better ! love ya bunches . just two more days until i see kryssy and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
working 12-9 today ... and 7-4 tomorrow 
work 7-4 tomorrow , then dip night at the church , then friday morning im going to altoona ! 
definately sprained my foot ... the night before i go to visit friends ! 
is in pain tonight , really hoping i feel better tomorrow . leaving for altoona in the morning ! 
is on her way to Altoona ! 
out to dinner soon with my faves !!!!! 
you never realize how much you have missed someone until you are reunited ! laying here watching a movie , and resting the foot 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > should wake up soon ! having the most wonderful time this weekend ! thank you God for your wonderful blessings !!!!! 
either getting a tattoo or piercing today ! who knows what else we have in store for today ! 
needs a nap ! hopefully thats next on my list ! 
disappointed in myself today ... i was doing so well , and now i feel like a failure . i know i can overcome this , for when i am weak then i am strong . prayers please ! 
i cry out for your hand of mercy to heal me , i am weak and i need your love to free me . 
headed to church with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! cant believe i have to go home tonight , i really don't want to . 
has an extra hour to spend with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! thank you Lord for small blessings ! 
greater things are about to happen in my life ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe , thank you both very much for giving me a much needed , insanely incredible weekend ! I love you both very much !!!!! 
working with an injury is no fun at all ! 
is in an insane amount of pain today :( 
i cannot ignore the call of God anymore 
this is the latest ive been up since friday ... definitely time for bed ! 
i am broken , torn apart , so take the pieces of this heart , and heal the wound , but leave the scar 
my life is about to change drastically thanks to my best friend , and a few awesome mentors ! it's not about me anymore , this is where God is leading me and i cant ignore him ! 
i'll follow where HE leads , Jesus is all I need ! 
ive spent the majority of my day sitting on the floor of the money center cleaning because its too painful to stand . thanks mom for being sympathetic ! I love you ! 
i like in my teeny < PROPFEMALE > locker that i share with a friend 
< PROPFEMALE > 
bedtime ... really hoping to not be in so much pain tomorrow ... ugh 
heading to work soon . whatever you do today , do it for the < PROPFEMALE > of God . 
they should not let people who have severely sprained ankles to people greet , im in so much pain . maybe when mom gets here i can sit down ! 
is in much more pain today than she had been in this past week . 
so my best friend is sick , and im injured . this is no fun at all . 
is not feeling well , on top of the pain that i already have . 
a little love , a little kindness , a little light in this time of darkness . it will be what makes us different , it will be what makes us human 
has been laying in this bed since i got home from work , im pretty bored . wish i had something to do , but walking isnt even an option . 
no , you do not have to be drunk in order to fall down stairs , or out of a truck and injure yourself horribly ! 
working 11-6 , strange shift . cant believe all 5 of us work today ! 
looks like im headed to the er after work tonight . the pain just keeps on getting worse 
ugh , i hate sitting at the hospital , especially by myself . 
done at the hospital , its not broke , thank goodness , and now i have pain meds as well ! 
is thankful for those who give up their time to help . thank you \mom\ " for giving up some of your time tonight to help me . church in the morning and then work . " 
Lord , lay some soul upon my heart , and love that soul through me , and may i humbly do my part , to win that soul for thee . 
just wants to sleep , rest , and feel better 
exhausting day , i hate working by myself ! on the other hand , a customer called in to the managers just to compliment me for doing a good job ... that never happens haha ! 
ugh , laying in bed most of the day ! 
the work mother is too funny , i refuse to use a scooter ! 
very tired tonight ... thank goodness im off again tomorrow 
shaedon just fell on my foot , guess whos crying now 
doesnt know what to think right now ... not feeling well , and still in lots of pain . prayers please ! 
is broken . watching jessey break down and it completely breaks my heart . please Lord , help me to be there for her 
is asking everyone to please pray for my friend jessey . im leaving it in God's hands . 
cant wait to move out , everything is my fault anymore , my mother cant do anything because i still live here . 
back to work tomorrow , and definitely not ready ! 
back to work today ... 
working until 10 have to be back at 7 am , i shall be a hopping zombie ! 
thank you Lord for good friends 
so as im leaving , < PROPMALE > looks at me and says : when i grow up i want to be like < PROPFEMALE > ! 
work at 7 am ? im really not all about that ! 
ugh ... not feeling well plus tons of pain make for a bad day at work 
stressful day at walmart ! 
gave up on walking , im definitely riding around walmart in a cart , even though im still scared of them ! 
had a long day at work , very sleepy now . 
really ??? i love < PROPFEMALE > and her boys ! about ready for bed 
boot or crutches tomorrow ? 
long day tomorrow ... not thrilled ! 
is praying for all her friends , it seems as if were all being attacked by something , just remember , if our God is for us , then who could ever stop us , and if our God is with us , then what could stand against ?? 
i wish i knew why i just woke up shortly after 5 am ! i don't have to be at work until 10 . 
off to dma in the morning . had a crazy day at work today 
i dont wanna spend one more day , without your all consuming passion inside of me ! 
cast your burdens on Jesus , for he cares for you ! 
headed to dma soon 
no walking for me today ... the crutches have become my closest friend ... yet my most dreaded enemy ! 
PAIN ! this probably means i want to stay in bed and rest , not go out with you ! 
i miss my best friend < PROPFEMALE > , and my mentor < PROPFEMALE > ! you ladies mean the world to me ! 
could use a hug right now ... 
feeling pretty yucky tonight ... 
thank you christin , jessey , and \mom\ " for listening to me tonight . prayers please ! " 
almost got knocked down by a lady with her < PROPMALE > today ... really ! 
work is not going to be fun tonight ... 
is completely thankful for < PROPFEMALE > , mom , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > . 
laying around all day with jess ... not feeling well today 
according to jessey , i am broken . this means no one is allowed to hurt me ! 
jessey is really making sure nobody messes with or hurts her broken friend ! 
its only 930 and im totally ready for bed . 
when the tears get near your eyes , will i be the one thats by your side ? i promise , i promise i will . 
work 4-8 tonight ... i am not a fan of short shifts ! 
going to spend some time with < PROPFEMALE > before work , its much needed . thank you Lord for great friends ! 
according to moms logic , i am broken . the only places im allowed to go to are work and church ... 
< PROPFEMALE > and i had way toooo much time on our hands tonight ... too bad i spent over an hour performing surgery on a dead fan ... fortunately we got a new one ! 
is very cold and in pain tonight ... early shift tomorrow ... boooo 
just woke up in excrutuating pain ... really what in the world is going on ??? 
just woke up in excruciating pain ... what in the world is really going on ?? 
had a long day today , work 10-7 tomorrow and then off the weekend , and i didnt even ask ! 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > after work ! its been quite an interesting day here at walmart ! 
very stressed out , glad to be hanging with < PROPFEMALE > now though ! 
do not be anxious about anything , even after a really stressful day , im keeping this in mind . 
helping < PROPFEMALE > unpack ... since neither one of us can move anything ... 
very long day of trying to help < PROPFEMALE > as much as possible , extremely tired now 
headed to bed already , im pathetic ... church in the morning 
no eye has seen , no ear has heard , no mind can know what God has in store , so open up heaven , open it wide , over your church , and over our lives ! 
back to work tomorrow , and im in need of a haircut ! 
i love kids , but i wish they would stop attacking my foot ! i think they secretly like torturing me ! 
really wants some mashed potatoes ! 
4 hours to go ! this rain is causing much pain today ! 
is soooo not looking forward to working 10-7 tomorrow ! 
does not enjoy working without friends ! 
thank goodness im almost done for the day ! this day has been insane ! 
jesus is all i need , ill follow where he leads , jesus is all i need !! 
sometimes in my heart , i truly believe that you were the only guy for me ! i still love and miss you bunches < PROPFIRST > ! RIP 
only by God's strength will i make it through this day ! 
today has been a great day ! it feels so nice to be appreciated ! 
is sad that she cant wear both of her cute shoes with her halloween costume ! booooo !!!! 
very sleepy today , didnt sleep well last night . 
< PROPFIRST > drake just gave me the biggest hug ever ! i love these boys ! 
cant wait to dress up for work tomorrow ! 
definitely wanted my pic taken with \mom\ " in my costume but of course she was insanely busy ! " 
what a long , painful , tiring day ! too bad i have to work tomorrow , because i think i would sleep straight through the day otherwise ! 
work 12-9 ... i am not a fan ! 
wants this day to be over ! 
would much rather be at home sleeping ! 
< PROPFEMALE > took the most beautiful picture of me and < PROPFIRST > drake ! i love it ! 
is really hoping that < PROPFEMALE > and i will be moving soon . my mother is so hurtful , it will be nice to feel wanted ! 
though the sorrow may last through the night , his joy comes with the morning ! 
resting ... per \moms\ " instructions ! hoping i feel okay enough to go trick or treating with < PROPFEMALE > and the boys later ! this injury is just tooooo much ! " 
survived trick or treating with < PROPFEMALE > and the boys ! now back to resting ! 
work 1-9 today ! not looking forward to it at all ! 
after hearing how bad things are going at work today , i dont think i want to go at all ! 
its been a bad day for us mc associates , it started with mom , then < PROPFEMALE > , and i just happened to rip a check in half right after lunch ! 
felt like throwing something at the customer who came in at 850 tonight to send money and get a money order . ya today was a horrible day ! 
therefore we do not lose heart . though outwardly we are wasting away , yet inwardly we are being renewed day by day . 2 Corinthians 4:16 
last music school of the year ... 
work 7-4 tomorrow ... its gonna be a pretty busy day . 
resting now ... not feeling so hot 
going to altoona next weekend ! very excited to see my faves again . even though i feel horrible right now , i cant wait ! 
ughhh ... still not feeling very well . 
the girl who never calls off work may have to tomorrow , i feel absolutely horrible . 
hoping i feel better tomorrow or work will NOT be happening ... ugh 
really doesnt think shes making it to work tomorrow ... 
dear flu , i really , really hate you ! < PROPFEMALE > 
this sick chick is not making it to work today :( 
is still very ill ... 
is contemplating the thought of work tomorrow ... so far its not looking too good 
is gonna attempt work today ... 
is not feeling well , but attempting work ... 
wishes she would have stayed in bed 
wishes there was someone here to run the mc so i could home ! 
wishes there was someone here that could run the mc so i could go home ! 
its a sad day when the thought of drinking coffee makes me gag ! 
is off to another miserable evening at work ... 
craziness at work ... people are nuts 
< PROPFEMALE > likes to turn the lights off in the mc and play laser tag ! 
praising God for Lt . < PROPFEMALE > right now ! 
Is praising God for < PROPFEMALE > DeMichael ! I have amazing corps officers ! 
work 10-7 
still not feeling well , laying down . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for picking up the slack today ! Off tomorrow , and don't work until 4 on wednesday ! 
wishes she could eat :( 
Days will come when you don't have the strength\ 
And all you hear is you're not worth anything \ 
Wondering if you ever could be loved\ 
And if they truly saw your heart \ 
They'd see too much\ 
\ 
You're beautiful , You're beautiful\ 
You are made for so much more than all of this\ 
You are treasured , you are sacred , you are His\ 
You're beautiful 
He cries in the corner where nobody sees \ 
He’s the kid with the story no one would believe\ 
He prays every night , “Dear God won’t you please \ 
Could you send someone here who will love me ? ”\ 
Who will love me for me\ 
Not for what I have done or what I will become\ 
‘Cause nobody has shown me what love\ 
What love really means 
' Cause this is not about what you've done \ 
But what's been done for you \ 
This is not about where you've been \ 
But where your brokenness brings you to \ 
This is not about what you feel \ 
But what He felt to forgive you \ 
And what He felt to make you loved \ 
You are more than the choices that you've made \ 
You are more than the sum of your past mistakes \ 
You are more than the problems you create \ 
You've been remade 
is confused :/ is my brother really getting married next month ? 
would really like to know what in the world is going on ! 
has been informed ... 
my brother is getting married next month ... big wedding wont be for a while yet though ! 
wants to talk to her soon to be married brother ! < PROPFIRST > will be my sister-in-law in less than a month ! 
cant wait until tomorrow ! 
today is going to be a great day ! 
after a great nights sleep , i'm feeling much better today ! 
God is doing mighty things in my life ! Praise him , for he is good ! 
this weekend went by way tooooo fast ! can't wait for the day that i can call altoona home ! 
So close I believe , You're holding me now\ 
In Your Hands I belong , You'll never let me go\ 
So close I believe You're holding me now \ 
Im so in love with the words to this song ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for introducing me to it ! 
holy spirit rain down , let your power fall , let your voice be heard , come and change our hearts as we stand on your word ; holy spirit rain down 
Praise be to the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ , the Father of compassion and the God of all comfort , who comforts us in all our troubles , so that we can comfort those in any trouble with the comfort we ourselves receive from God . 2 Corinthians 1:3 -4 
talked to kryssy for over an hour tonight ! it was much needed ! who knew my best friend could wipe away my tears through the phone ! 
these hard times are small potatoes compared to the coming good times , the lavish celebration prepared for us . there's far more here than meets the eye . the things we see now are here today , gone tomorrow . but the things we can't see now will last forever . 2 Corinthians 4:17 -18 
accidentally left my inhaler at work tonight after I had an attack from a coworker with a bit too much perfume ! Hoping it will not be needed until work tomorrow ! 
For just as we share abundantly in the sufferings of Christ , so also our comfort abounds through Christ . 2 Corinthians 1:5 
is really hoping they fix the money order priner before tomorrow , i doubt it though ! 
is really hoping they fix the money order printer before tomorrow , I doubt it though ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe wants to run away to here , and I want to run away there . It won't work out too well if we both run in opposite directions ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is serving a complete vegetarian meal tomorrow and I won't be there :( . < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe is so silly tonight , I'm pretty sure she wants some crackers with Mrs. Dash on them ! O how I miss these two beautiful ladies ! 
spent 2 1/2 hours talking to kryssy on the phone tonight ! We're both absolutely ridiculous once we get tired ! 
is extremely frustrated today ! 
is very frustrated today , I'm ready to cry ! 
very frustrated ! i want to cry ! 
needed more coffee to get through the last hour and a half ! BAD day !! 
She says , \How did I get here ? \ 
random conversations with < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > at 10:30 at night make me happy ! 
today would have been your 25 birthday . RIP < PROPFIRST > . 
is headed to the corps to take part in the christmas parade . representing the salvation army today and what we stand for ! praise God ! 
relaxing evening with < PROPFEMALE > ! also way excited that i have the 4th and 5th off . 
donnas brownies can be considered as assault with a deadly weapon ! 
you and i were made to worship , you and i were called to love , you and i are forgiven and free ... 
5 hour shifts ... i dread these most of all ! 
2 more hours to go ! i don't think i've spent more than 20 minutes in the money center tonight ! 
Thank you for the cross Lord\ 
Thank you for the price You paid\ 
Bearing all my sin and shame\ 
In love You came\ 
And gave amazing grace 
Hates when I'm organizing something and someone thinks its fun to mess it all up ! 
Misses her fellow mean lady , and her kryssy face . 
looking at < PROPFIRST > Gaffney's bridal registry and wondering what to get ... 
so many choices , and such little time ! Looking at < PROPFIRST > Gaffney's and my brothers wedding registry ... 
Another quiet evening with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So my best friend kryssy mentions getting < PROPMALE > and drea a puppy as a gift ... and now drea absolutely wants one ! Too bad they can't have one :( 
Wishes my brother could come home for thanksgiving , unfortunately I will have to wait one more week to see him 
ran out of money on all 3 drawers tonight ... cleaned the floor , and now get to think about getting back up super early to work 7-12 ! 
Is remembering thanksgiving as a child ... at the farm with aunt < PROPFIRST > , uncle < PROPMALE > , my amazing aunt < PROPFEMALE > , cousins , brother , and parents . I miss it 
And now let the weak say I am strong , let the poor say I am < PROPMALE > , because of what the Lord has done for us ! 
So thankful for my wonderful family and friends . Still wishing < PROPFIRST > Gaffney would have snuck my brother on that train with her ! 
Is waiting for donna ... i love seeing her and the boys ! 
refuses to believe that there are already customers at walmart waiting for sales to begin ! 
Can't wait until next Friday when my brother , best friend kryssy , and possibly aunt < PROPFEMALE > are here ! 
My brother and < PROPFIRST > are a little spoiled ! Just bought so much stuff for them ! 
Is not enjoying work today ! 
Today was seriously the worst day at work ever ! 
Gonna start getting ready for my future sister-in-law < PROPFIRST>'s bridal shower soon ! 
all ready for < PROPFIRST > Gaffney's bridal shower . She'll be my sister-in-law next week ! 
Had a great time at < PROPFIRST>'s bridal shower ! Pretty excited for the wedding next week ! 
< PROPFIRST > 4:7 \ 
7 Submit yourselves therefore to God . Resist the devil , and he will flee from you . #Bible http://j.mp/c2H9m7 
Cannot wait until friday ! I'm so missing my best friend , and can't wait to see her ! 
Is off to another 5 hour shift ... 
back to work at 7 am ! so hoping this week goes fast ... im so anxious to see my brother and my best friend ! 
Got my workout at work this morning . Had to fix the counter ! 
This year I want more of his presence , and less presents ! Jesus is the reason ! 
Is still having breathing problems ... its been a long day ! 
Insanity today ! 
We have structure ! < PROPFEMALE > has arrived ! 
Como me duelen los oidos , y la garganta ... este ano < PROPFEMALE > tratandome muy mal ! 
He perdido la voz ... espero k la \mama\ " me pueda entender porque va a tener k traducir ... lo siento guapa :( " 
< PROPFEMALE > says I sound like a dying raccoon ! 
It's gonna be a busy day , and I have no voice ! 
So , work is not going well , I love reading host link down over and over ! 
Glad I'm off tomorrow ... need to rest the voice , all you could hear when I answered the phone in the mc was wheezing ! 
Just one more day until I see my brother and best friend ! And just 2 days until < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > get married ! 
Chilling with < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are cuddling with \Aunt Emin \"" 
Work until 6 , then going to the teain station to get my brother , and my best friend ! This weekend is gonna be awesome ! 
Work until 6 , then going to the train station to get my brother , and my best friend . This weekend is gonna be awesome ! 
3 more hours , then to the train station ! Im incredibly excited ! 
Super excited ! Just a few minutes until my faves get here ! 
My brother's getting married tomorrow ! Up early tomorrow to get my hair done , and get ready ! 
My brother's getting married today ! 
We're going to the chapel , and they're gonna get married ! Congrats < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Today was awesome ! My brother is married and I have a sister ! 
Church ... then to the train station ... kryssy goes home today :( 
My best friend went home today :( can't wait until next month to go visit her ! Hoping to see DanDrea today ! 
My brother goes back to Lancaster tomorrow , and I haven't even heard from him today :( 
I need a friend . I want to run far away . 
Si tu no me necesitas , yo tampoco te necesito . Me has roto el < PROPFEMALE > hermano . 
And he said , I will love you for you . Not for what you have done or what you will become . I will love you for you , and show you the love you never knew . 
You don't even have enough decency to call and say goodbye ? 
Signing the lease on thursday ! 
Is heartbroken . Once upon a time you couldn't separate us ... now you won't even call . I still love you baby brother . 
Thank you Lord for the beautiful friends you've placed in my life , I know they'll always be there when I need them . Thank you \mom\ " for being there today ! " 
Should be all moved in tomorrow . Thankful for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for their help ! 
Moving once I get done working for the day ! 
All moved in ! 
Ugh ... helping < PROPFEMALE > move in the rain ... then work . 
Working 2-10 today , then I have 2 days off ! 
I will trust in you alone . I will follow you . 
So , we were without heat , and our pipes froze . Thanks be to God and his faithfulness , now things are fixed . 
Be joyful always ; pray continually ; give thanks in all circumstances , for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus . 1 Thessalonians 5:16 -18 
Do you bleed sarcasm ? Because I most certainly do ! 
Not really looking forward to work tomorrow . Working on a friday without my mothet = fail 
Not really looking forward to work tomorrow . Working on a friday without my \mother\ " = epic fail ! " 
Cannot wait until < PROPFEMALE > gets here ! 
Everyone remember to take your pennies to westmoreland mall tomorrow and help fill the largest kettle ! Unfortunately , I will be spending my day at walmart . 
Wishes she could see the excitement of that huge kettle being filled ! 
Dear customers , we do not use closed signs here ... the light being turned off takes care of that for us k ?!? 
Is laughing the day away ! 
Way too many laughs at work today with the mother ! Who knew someone that scary could be with the \FBI \"!" 
I absolutely love seeing < PROPMALE > ! Today he called me a mashed potato hot head ! 
Is it 4 yet ? 
Much needed nap time ! 
Working 11-8 tomorrow . Awkward shift ! 
< PROPMALE > and Drea come home today ! Spending the day with my brother tomorrow ! 
Spending all day with my brother tomorrow ! 
It's a glorious day to spend with my brother 
Had an absolutely wonderful day with my brother ! Working 12-9 tomorrow ... ugh ! 
We are the reason that he gave his life , we were the reason that he suffered and died . To a world that was lost , he gave all he could give ; to show us the reason to live . 
Just an hour and a half to go ! Then spending the night at the parents , and anxiously awaiting for my brother and sister-in-law to come over tomorrow ! 
Relaxing with the family tonight , can't wait to see my brother and sister-in-law in the morning ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Happy Birthday Jesus , I'm so glad it's Christmas . All the tinsel and lights , and the presents are nice ; but the real gift is you ! 
Is waiting for < PROPFIRST > and Drea to get here ! 
Hanging out with family ! 
Has a wonderful family , and a pretty awesome \adopted\ " family as well ! " 
Sleep sounds good about now , 3 hours to go ! 
Can't wait to go home and relax ! 
It's always so weird to have a Monday off ! 
Is sick :( 
Is feeling better than she did last night . 
Has been sleeping all day ! 
So \mother\ " called me < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > today and it took me back to the days of working at camp ! " 
Is still not feeling well :( 
Wants to feel better ! 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get off , picking me up , then back to bed ! 
Can't wait to go to bed ... someday soon I hope I feel well enough to do more than sleep and work ... 
Is thankful for her loving and caring \mother \"!" 
3 more days to go ... ugh . Our awesome holy envelopes that we < PROPFEMALE > went missing today ... 
It's going to be another busy day in the MC ! I wonder if the treasured envelopes have made an appearance ... ( it would be a blessing if they disappeared forever ! ) 
Well , the envelopes are back :( day 7 of 9 ! Can't wait until wednesday at 9 pm ! 
This 9 day stretch has me completely exhausted ! 
2 more days ... ugh 
Had a wonderful dinner , and didn't get a tummy ache afterwards ! 
I am yours regardless of , the dark clouds that may loom above , because you are much greater than my pain . You who made a way for me , by suffering your < PROPFEMALE > , so tell me what's a little rain ? 
What a bad day , relying on God to get me through ... 
Victory is mine , I told old satan , get thee behind , victory today is mine ! 
Not only so , but we also < PROPFEMALE > in our sufferings , because we know that suffering produces perseverance ; perseverance , character ; and character hope . 
Talked to my two favorite ladies tonight ! Just what I needed . 
Day 9 of 9 , now to just get through it ! 
And I know there'll be days , when this life brings me pain , but if that's what it takes to praise you , Jesus bring the rain ! 
No assembly required if purchased at walmart ... we'll GLADLY put your vacuum together for you ! 
Leaving for Altoona in the morning ! Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > and the boys for now though ! 
Altoona in the morning ! VERY excited , and no walmart until tuesday ! 
Headed to Altoona ! Yay for vacation with some of the best people around ! 
On my way to Altoona ! Yay for vacation with some of the best people around ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
How much sense does it make to not let someone wait on you because you don't know them ? 
Boo on kryssy for getting sick ... 
Going to see christmas lights with < PROPFEMALE > ! Yay ! 
Hopes Kryssy feels better soon ! 
As long as I'm alive , I'll glorify your holy name ! 
Holy Spirit come , move in power , let the river flow ! 
Hasn't spent much time with krys this weekend :( 
I would love to know why my asthma is acting up so much tonight ??? I'm not even doing anything ! 
Does not like that this is her last day in Altoona :( back to work tomorrow ... 
The definition of dohickey is a whatchamacallit or thingamajig ! 
To be holy , for your honor , so that Christ be seen in me . To be holy , in your likeness , Father fan the flame in me ! 
I will be faithful to the choice I have made , I am determined , I will not be afraid , to live so the whole world can see , that yes , I believe ! 
Going to find out what in the world is going on with me ... 
Why can't this nasty stuff that I have to drink taste like a sugar free caramel latte from sheetz ? 
Back to work in the morning ... missing altoona already ! 
Still misses you ! RIP < PROPFIRST > ! 
Praising God for all the wonderful people he has blessed me with ! 
By myself until 330 when < PROPFEMALE > gets here ... 
I'll let my words be few , Jesus i am so in love with you . 
The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me ; your love , O Lord , endures forever-do not abandon the works of your hands . Psalm 138:8 
Hay dias como esto en que quiero mudarme muy lejos de aqui ... 
Since you area my rock and my fortress , for the sake of your name , lead and guide me . Psalm 31:3 
Since you are my rock and my fortress , for the sake of your name , lead and guide me . Psalm 31:3 
Is praying that today goes way better than yesterday . I need to pay attention , and not be distracted . 
To you , O Lord I called ; to the Lord I cried for mercy ... you turned my wailing into dancing ; you removed my sackcloth and clothed me with joy . Psalm 30:8 , 11 
Ephesians 5:1 -2 \ 
5:1 Therefore be imitators of God , as beloved children . 2 And walk in love , as Christ loved us and gave himself up for us , a fragrant offering and sacrifice to God . #Bible http://j.mp/gfo2xM 
I wish i could take cold medicine , but i know that it will just irritate my stomach . LORD , I WILL PRAISE YOU THROUGH THIS STORM ! 
One would assume that an ICED latte would come with ICE ! I'm just going to start telling mcdonalds how to do it , since sheetz is no where near Walmart ! 
1 < PROPFIRST > 3:12 -13 \ 
12 For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous , and his ears are open to their prayer . But the face of the Lord is against those who do evil . \ 
13 Now who is there to harm you if you are zealous for what is good #Bible http://j.mp/hscIAG 
To know you is to want to know you more ! 
Is hurting tonight ... Krystyna < PROPFEMALE > , i couldn't ask for a better best friend . You mean the world to me ! 
Wedding stuff with the best friend ! I'm so happy to be a part of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding ! 
< PROPFIRST > 1:12 \ 
12 Blessed is the man who remains steadfast under trial , for when he has stood the test he will receive the crown of life , which God has promised to those who love him . #Bible http://j.mp/hWz29G 
A dormir me voy , enfermisima de nuevo , con fiebre y resfriado ... 
You shine brighter than the brightest < PROPFEMALE > . 
Lunch with donna ... took some medicine so feeling okay for now ! 
Praising God for his hand of protection . < PROPFEMALE > and I came within inches of being side swiped in Walmarts parking lot tonight ! 
Colossians 2:6 -7 \ 
6 Therefore , as you received Christ Jesus the Lord , so walk in him , 7 rooted and built up in him and established in the faith , just as you were taught , abounding in thanksgiving . #Bible http://j.mp/dXgUkT 
Work is very boring today ... 
In the middle of my little mess , i forget how big I'm blessed ! 
is asking for prayer , i know i can do this , i can do all things through him who gives me strength . WHEN I AM WEAK , THEN I AM STRONG ! 
Do not conform to the pattern of this world , but be transformed by the renewing of your mind . Then you will be able to test and approve what God’s will is—his good , pleasing and perfect will . Romans 12:2 \ 
Tomorrow is a new day . Pray for me . 
Today I choose to live for you ! \ 
I know that i can do this ! Day 1 is always the hardest ! 
Had a rough day ... \ 
I lift my eyes up to the hills , where does my help come from ? My help comes from the Lord , the maker of heaven and earth 
Gonna get some cleaning done , and then exercise 
Emotional night . Working on fixing something . 
Would love to hear , \hi aunt Emily\ " coming from the two sweetest mouths ever ! Adie and < PROPMALE >!" 
2 a.m. and I'm still awake ... its gonna be a long night ! 
Alexa : i have dandruff . \ 
Me : okay . \ 
I love kids ! 
Going to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > , Adie , and < PROPMALE > tonight . Thank you Lord for your great works ! 
About to head out to < PROPFEMALE>'s for the night ! Let the fun begin !! 
Nothing like my Godchildren fighting over me ! 
Late night trip with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Sugar free caramel latte with skim milk from sheetz at 430 am . Sleep is overrated anyway ! 
Apparently , a sandwich can cure all ... i will have to remember this next time I'm in searing pain . 
Adie woke up just to come cuddle with me . I have the most precious Godchildren ever ! 
Nap time is necessary ! 
Thankful to have < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > back in my life ! Forgot how awesome late night trips and sleep deprivation are ! 
Night with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Friend time with < PROPFEMALE > since i don't work until 2 tomorrow ! 
Thinking about Adie and < PROPMALE > tonight . And spending time with < PROPFEMALE > . Things are rough right now . 
2-10 today ... haven't worked this shift in ages . Would rather chill wif emiwee ! 
1 < PROPFIRST > 3:18 \ 
18 For Christ also suffered once for sins , the righteous for the unrighteous , that he might bring us to God , being put to death in the flesh but made alive in the spirit . . . . #Bible http://j.mp/fG6BIE 
Work until 10 , then back at 7 . Very tired ! 
Thankful for a great friend tonight for reminding me that i am beautiful . Thanks ! 
Walmart at 7 am . A latte would be wonderful at that time of day ! 
Philippians 3:13 -14 \ 
13 Brothers , I do not consider that I have made it my own . But one thing I do : forgetting what lies behind and straining forward to what lies ahead , 14 I press on toward the goal for the prize of the upward call of God in Christ Jesus . #Bible http://j.mp/hht8kw 
The mc floor is shiny ! 
Babies this evening . That makes me very happy . Plus they get to see Aunt shell and pappap 
Correction : no babies tonight . Sad face :( . Getting nails done and exercising . 
Is hurting today :( 
< PROPFIRST > 1:12 \ 
Blessed is the one who perseveres under trial because , having stood the test , that person will receive the crown of life that the Lord has promised to those who love him . 
heal the wound but leave a scar , a reminder of how merciful you are . i am broken torn apart , so take the pieces of this heart , and heal the wound , but leave the scar 
2 Corinthians 3:4 -6 \ 
4 Such is the confidence that we have through Christ toward God . 5 Not that we are sufficient in ourselves to claim anything as coming from us , but our sufficiency is from God , 6 who has made us competent to be ministers of a new covenant , not of the letter but of the Spirit . For the letter kills , but the Spirit gives life . #Bible http://j.mp/hHS1f5 
Work then night with < PROPFEMALE > and my babies ! 
Babies ! Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get off ! 
Dance party with adie and < PROPMALE > . Be jealous ! 
Work 12-9 . Wishing i could just spend the day with my babies 
Adie and < PROPMALE > want to go to work for me . I'm fully confident that a 2 and 3 year old could run the mc ! 
Priceless : my beautiful godchildren cuddling with me ! 
The dog just jumped on my head ... no joke . Super headache ! 
Born and raised in the u.s. and you forgot half of our anthem and sang the wrong words ? Way to represent !! 
Jolin !!! K fuerte .... vamos ! 
What do you mean ??? Ugh ... get it together Steelers ! I want to wear jeans tomorrow ! 
Nerves = headache+stomachache ! Come on Steelers !!!!!!!!! 
Can't believe Dad had to work tonight ... \he's probably sitting in canned goods crying \"" 
Guess its back to navy blue and khaki tomorrow . .. my nerves are shot ! 
Even though we didn't win , i had an awesome time with some of the best people around ! 
So my keurig was playing games and almost didn't work . 
Work is dragging ... come on 4 pm ! 
Nap time , then exercising ! 
Just finished exercising , now watching a movie . Then bed ! 
Your grace is enough for me ! 
Exercising , cleaning . Who knows what else my day has in store ... 
I need clothes that fit ! Anyone wanna help me with this problem ? It just took me over an hour to find something to wear because everything is tooooo big ! 
Early morning ... coffee , exercise , and then 9 hours at Walmart ! 
Off to work , then < PROPFEMALE>'s for the night !! 
Out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
Didn't know this was an aviary !! 
Babies today ! 
\Can you turn the lights on because i can't see with my bug eyes \"- adie- " 
Anyone wanna come draw christmas trees and bears with < PROPMALE > and i ? 
I'm pretty sure walking from < PROPFEMALE>'s to my parents is considered cardio . Now onto strength training . 
< PROPFIRST > 15:9 -11 \ 
9 As the Father has loved me , so have I loved you . Abide in my love . 10 If you keep my commandments , you will abide in my love , just as I have kept my Father's commandments and abide in his love . 11 These things I have spoken to you , that my joy may be in you , and that your joy may be full . #Bible http://j.mp/hHdVHs 
Minute to win it at the corps family night ! 
Dizzy mummy = sick < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Had a great time at family night , although I'm pretty sure that < PROPFEMALE>'s intention was for me to pass out ! Headed home , and exercise is on the agenda ! 
Do nothing out of selfish ambition , or vain conceit . Rather , in humility , value others above yourself . Philippians 2:3 
Working 12-9 , then to < PROPFEMALE>'s for the next 3 days ! 
Scissors : 1 . Emily : 0 
And what goes with awesome scissor cuts ? Glass lids crashing to the floor ! Is it 9 yet ? 
Missing church in the morning :( but anticipating the arrival of little Miss < PROPFEMALE > . 
Watching spongebob with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . Waiting for their Mommy to have < PROPFEMALE > . 
There's a new baby girl in my life ! I can't wait to meet Miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
so i heard this huge crash ... nick knocked down all of < PROPFEMALE>'s clothes . 
can i not go one day without injuring myself ?? tripped over nicks chair and scraped my bad foot ... ugh . maybe i should just go to bed !?! 
Last day of watching the boys . Back to work tomorrow ! 
< PROPMALE > is off to school , < PROPMALE > is off to nappyland , and Aunt emine is off to clean ! 
well , the houseb is clean . < PROPMALE > is still napping , and < PROPMALE > is still at school . Free time ! 
Well , the house is clean . < PROPMALE > is still napping , and < PROPMALE > is still at school . Free time !!! 
Home ! 
As much as i love < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > , I'm more than happy to get back to the everyday craziness of being a Walmart money center cashier ! 
Yvc tonight , although i should sleep ! Work 7-4 tomorrow 
Buying my elliptical today , verrryyyy excited 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! I now have clothing that will fit ! 
Needs a serious energy boost ! 
He gave me a treasure , the heart of a servant . 
Is very frustrated . I just want to get this elliptical put together , but the handlebar caps do not fit ! 
Off to camp for dma !!! Then home to finish putting this elliptical together ! 
Needs a hammer ... bummed that my elliptical still isn't together . 
Having a rough night . March 4th needs to get here ! Can't wait to see < PROPFEMALE > and Kryssy again ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s tonight ! Work 12-9 tomorrow with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It is pouring snow ! Why ??? 
1 Thessalonians 5:15 \ 
15 See that no one repays anyone evil for evil , but always seek to do good to one another and to everyone . #Bible http://j.mp/hILeTu 
2 more hours , cleaning should help time go by ! 
Leaving work early . Horrible weather . 
Praising God that < PROPFEMALE > and I made it to her place after doing a 360 on rt . 30 . God is good to his people . 
Why would one go to Walmart in a blizzard just for chapstick ? MORONS ! 
1 < PROPFIRST > 4:4 \ 
4 Little children , you are from God and have overcome them , for he who is in you is greater than he who is in the world . #Bible http://j.mp/gzrIR7 
My elliptical is finally put together ! Cleaning up , then exercising ! 
Has a date with my elliptical 
X k kiero estar sola ahorita ... porque no lo entiendes ? 
Definitely need a heart to heart with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Bed soon , up early to babysit , then work 5-9 ! 
Is praying for a friend who isn't expected to make it through the night :( 
Philippians 4:13 \ 
13 I can do all things through him who strengthens me . #Bible http://j.mp/dGfGIL 
I lost a friend last night :( 
Every blessing you pour out , ill turn back to praise . When the darkness closes in Lord , still i will say , blessed be the name of the Lord . \ 
RIP friend . 
My godson just called me skinny ! I love him ! 
After a pretty emotional day , i had a great convo with Kryssy , received a beautiful comment from < PROPFEMALE > , spent time with Em and the babies , went to < PROPFIRST>'s , and tomorrow i work with my favorite person . I love you all ! 
Happy 20th birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is so precious ! 
Lunch with the parents , work 4-9 , then off to < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
Gets to spend extra time in altoona because one of my coworkers was sweet enough to trade with me ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Night out with < PROPFEMALE > ! 4 more days until I'm officially on vacation for 10 days ! 
Dear jesi < PROPFIRST > , its been 5 years . I still miss you with each passing day ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for keeping my mind off of it tonight ! 
Will never forget how brutally you were taken away from us 5 years ago today , and i miss you just as much today as i did then . RIP < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Off today and tomorrow , work 7-4 Thursday , then leave for my 10 day vacation on Friday ! 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for one hour . I know my family will . Think of someone you know or love who has / had cancer . My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it ? Just one hour . Do it for all of us . There are too many to mention who have fought and are fighting it . I hope to see this in the status of all my friends . RIP Uncle < PROPMALE > . 
Cannot wait until Friday to see < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . This vacation is much needed ! 
busy day tomorrow . Babysitting in the morning , then exercising , then bible study and prayer meeting , and then to the parents for the night ! 
prayer meeting and bible study tonight , parents house after , work at 7 am ! 
working 7-4 tomorrow , then i officially start vacation ! Friday I leave to spend 10 wonderful days with < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Williams :)) 
At this time tomorrow i will be on the train headed to altoona ! But for now working with kaywas , < PROPFEMALE > , and the mother will be here soon too ! 
1 more hour , can't wait until tomorrow morning ! 
Hanging with Kaywas ! Then home to clean , exercise , and finish packing ! 
i leave in 11 hours ! 
headed to bed ... gotta get up early . Train leaves at 8:01 a.m. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jr is so kind to pick me up from the station and take me to the center where I will see < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Williams ! :} 
About to board the train . I will be in altoona in 2 hours ! 
Is in Altoona ! 
Had an awesome dinner with the best people around ! I have not laughed this much in a looonnnngggg time ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > , Kryssy , and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Wedding stuff with < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe today . A latte is a must , and nap time afterwards ! Excited to spend the day with my best friend !!!! 
Off to a baby shower with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! I am very happy ! 
Sleepy ! Having an awesome time ! Praise God for great friends ! 
My left wrist is absolutely killing me tonight . Thank you weather :( 
Let's see how mad these altoona Walmart associates can make me today ! 
I will overcome ... Jesus be my guide . 
Phase 10 with < PROPFEMALE > . I love quality time !!! 
What a great day ! Watching afv now with < PROPFEMALE > ! I pray she knows how much she means to me :) 
Running around with < PROPFEMALE > , having a good time as always ! 
Give me strength Lord , all things are possible with you . 
Wasn't feeling that great earlier ... doing better now . 
Dear tummyache , you should seriously consider going away now :( 
What if trials of this life , the rain , the storms , the hardest nights , are your mercies in disguise ? 
Bummed :( sad tonight , i just want everyone to be happy ! 
Do you want to go to the hospital and get hurt ? But I'm pregnant ! 
Philippians 2:3 \ 
3 Do nothing from rivalry or conceit , but in humility count others more significant than yourselves . #Bible http://j.mp/hpf3DO 
Dear Kryssy , whether you know it or not , i love you more than you'll ever know . I would be a mess without you . I feel like a mess right now . 
Breathing would be cool ... 
< PROPMALE > 40:30 -31 \ 
30 Even youths shall faint and be weary , and young men shall fall exhausted ; 31 but they who wait for the Lord shall renew their strength ; they shall mount up with wings like eagles ; they shall run and not be weary ; they shall walk and not faint . #Bible http://j.mp/fAhj6B 
Dear allergies , now would be a good time to leave me alone so that i can enjoy the rest of my vacation ! K thanks , bye 
Hanging out with Kryssy , wish i felt better . 
Is not feeling well , laying around doing absolutely nothing ! 
Sleep seems to be the only thing on my agenda today 
Is finally awake after spending much of the day asleep . Pretty miserable today ... 
< PROPFEMALE > definitely knows how to make me feel better . She went out and came back with a latte for me ! Thank you , friend ! 
Chugging green tea . Feeling incredibly dehydrated . Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , and going back to bed soon . 
Is freezing , my ears hurt , my sinuses and throat hurt ... maybe i should try and go back to sleep ! 
really , really wants to enjoy my last day here , but still feeling quite yucky 
Back to work bright and early . Wish i were feeling much better . So thankful for my altoona family ! You mean so much to me ! 
God is working in INCREDIBLE ways in my life . I am totally in awe of his goodness ! 
On May 14th , I am moving to Altoona :) 
My eyes are horribly swollen , I'm still not feeling that great . Through it all , i give praise to my heavenly father who has truly opened a door for me ! 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . 
Karaoke ! Now that i have a voice again :) 
Sunoco with emsies for food ! Can't remember the last time i was up this late . Certainly not in the past week ! 
Know that we'll still have each other 
Is impatiently waiting a phone call , while i work 10-7 . I'm excited to have a new baby call me Aunt emin :) 
Somebody showed me the face of his mercy , when darkness was all i could see . 
Yay :) 
Congrats , Tatiana :) 
Had an amazing conversation with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Thank you for always being there , and lifting me in prayer . 
Lord , use me today . 
Has a lot on her mind :/ 
Had a relaxing walk , and enjoyable time at the park with adie and < PROPMALE > ! Thank you Lord for your blessings ! 
loves evening chats with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . the only thing that would make it better would be if < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe was on too ! 
Up early for dma . Excited to see Lt < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe , where did you go ??? 
has been up since 5 am and is still going ... 
All i have needed , thy hand hath provided . Great is thy faithfulness , Lord unto me ! 
addison messed up my hair , then told me i look like a boy . o 3 year olds :) 
adie wanted to give < PROPFEMALE > a kiss , so she kissed the computer . how sweet 
working 11-7 today ... the cadets arrive today . Its going to be a great week :) 
By myself from 3-7 . :( 
Cakes for next Sunday ordered , check ! Yay me for not forgetting . Thankful that i was able to help with something ! 
Is definitely not a can of working by myself 
Is definitely not a fan of working by myself ... 
so happy for my adopted family in Altoona ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Morder 
7-3 tomorrow ... is it may yet ???? 
Work until 3 , then davids bridal with Beckles . 
O the wonderful cross , bids me come and die , and finds that i may truly live 
Spent half an hour pushing carts today . Me , pushing carts , now that's dedication :) 
Dress shopping with Beckles . Maybe ill look at shoes while were there 
Fun times with Beckles , had dinner , and I'm sooo full 
really wishes she could be there for her best friend < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe right now . it makes my heart hurt that i cant . 
11-6 tomorrow , another day of saving people from scams ! 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , although i am completely aware that youre having blast and wont read this , you are missing way tooooo much entertainment at work , and my life is boring there without you :) 
Gross ... 
I'm 25 , i can make my own decisions . K , thanks , bye 
Walmart mc = safest place to be 5 minutes ago . Tornado and hail the size of golf balls 
Tinkle time is officially over ... haha fun times with kaywasssss ! 
Still checking out the destruction with kaywasss . Praying for the families affected . 
Choose your attitude :) 
More than proud to be a member of The Salvation Army . Thank you Lord for watching over Lt < PROPMALE > , the cadets , and the eds team as the provided help . 
chats with kryssy and < PROPFEMALE > , and playing with the kids . i am now emithy . what a fabulous evening ! 
Out to eat with emsies . This night keeps getting better 
Its friday morning , and I'm at work more than on time ! 
Work til 3 , home to change , then camp for youth night ! 
Is so overjoyed by God's goodness today that ive been singing nonstop in the mc for hours ! 
Here's to hoping i can get showered and ready within the next half hour ! 
Please pray for < PROPFIRST > , my little 2 year old \nephew\ " that calls me Aunt emmin . < PROPFEMALE > is at the ER with him now . Aunt Emmin loves you < PROPMALE >!" 
praise the Lord , < PROPFIRST > is okay ! had a wonderful time at camp tonight . Work 12-9 tomorrow .. gross 
Headache ... 
Work until 9 , then evening at home with adie and < PROPMALE > . They get to see Aunt shell , and pappap :) 
Needs energy 
Excited to see my babies tonight :) 
Now that I'm done working , i have tons of energy . Figures ! 
Wonderful day praising God with awesome cadets ! 
waiting for < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe to call me , my day is not complete without talking to her , and chatting with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ! and ill be more than excited when i can text < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! 
my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe is just as accident prone as me ... i know nannette-hard to believe 
Work until 4 then hopefully hanging out with Jessey . 
I think i will take a nap when i get home . I am exhausted physically and emotionally . Lord , give me strength . 
evening chats with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > are absolutely priceless :) & hearts ; 
cannot wait to get a new phone on April 16th , and to see < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Williams&hearts ; 
is going through clothes and boxes , getting rid of things . I only have 45 more days , that may seem like a long time to some , but its just around the corner :) 
Continuing on this packing adventure , and maybe chilling with friends later ? 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > . Got a lot accomplished today so now its time for some fun ! 
praying , praying , praying for my best friend < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe . I really wish i knew what was going on . It needs to be May 14th now . 
talking to < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe and drinking a latte 
prayers going up tonight and tomorrow for < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe . Wish i could be there for her . Yes , I wear my heart on my sleeve , and would do anything for her . Praising God for my amazing adopted family , i love you all&hearts ; 
What if a thousand sleepless nights are what it takes to know You’re near\ 
What if trials of this life are Your mercies in disguise 
I can already tell that today is gonna be a good day . Didn't get much sleep , woke up to poor < PROPFIRST > throwing up , and now to work while praying for others today . 
Left my mind somewhere else today . I tried to go to lunch without my name badge , or wallet . 
My mouth could very well get me in trouble over the next hour . 
My knee is really bothering me tonight . I still need to exercise , and continue packing though . 
Babysitting Skylar and < PROPFEMALE > . Actually got some sleep , and feeling better . 
Is bored . Needs something to do ... 
Headed to Jessey's . Time to get out of the house ! 
It feels so good to < PROPFEMALE > out with Jessey again ! Yay for good friends :) 
going to sheetz , i need a latte ... and possibly something to eat . 
Do not be anxious about anything , but in every situation , by prayer and petition , with thanksgiving , present your requests to God . \ 
Philippians 4:6 
Never ending line , out of sorts today , and very confused . 
Proverbs 18:24 \ 
24 A man of many companions may come to ruin , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother . #Bible http://j.mp/fqQpAo 
How about i just go home now ? I've never seen such an insane day :( 
This has been , honestly , the most exhausting day that i have ever spent at Walmart . Thankful it is over :) 
God will make a way , where there seems to be no way . 
Off to work 12-9 . Here's to hoping it goes fast . 2 weeks until i get to see my faves again :) 
Clearly , one is not supposed to decorate balloons while there is down time . What happens ? The balloon pops , and it sounds like a bomb exploded in the mc ! 
Worked 12-10 today . Don't i really deserve that transfer now ? 
< PROPFIRST > 20:29 \ 
29 Jesus said to him , Have you believed because you have seen me Blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed . #Bible http://j.mp/dZGzwm 
Looking forward to worshipping this morning and then shopping with Emsies ! 
Is requesting prayer-very rough day 
Singing songs over fb makes me feel better ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
What if your healing comes through tears ? 
7 But we have this treasure in jars of < PROPMALE > to show that this all-surpassing power is from God and not from us . 8 We are hard pressed on every side , but not crushed ; perplexed , but not in despair ; 9 persecuted , but not abandoned ; struck down , but not destroyed . \ 
2 Corinthians 4:7 -9 
Working 12-9 . 39 days :) 
Proverbs 17:17 \ 
17 A friend loves at all times , and a brother is born for adversity . #Bible http://j.mp/gb02Lp 
Time to clean the mc , maybe by the time I'm done , it will be time to leave ? 
Sometimes walking in the rain isn't all that bad , especially while talking to your best friend :) 
Where are you emsies ? I'm kind of worried :/ 
I guess ill go to bed ... maybe 
Chillin with some of the best around :) 
Has 3 countdowns . 38 days , 193 , and 249 :) 
Tough talks make the heart feel better <3 
Funny that all the babies in my life call me something different . Aunt Emmin , Emithy , Anemone ... I'm sure we could add a few more ... 
Really needs to seriously start packing ... 
Has been upgraded to maid of honor ! Who's a very happy best friend now ? Meeeee !!!! 
Praises God for every piece of awesome news she has received today . How great is our God ! 
I don't have my bathpen and i need it ! I love you Jessey :) 
Exercise , accomplished . Now , i guess i better take the elliptical apart , and continue with this packing adventure . 37 , 192 , 248 days :) busy , busy :))) 
We all have at least 60 friends on Facebook , but when it comes to needing someone to talk to , how many will actually be there for you ? I can guarantee you , not even 15 of your Facebook friends will like this status . If you would be there for me , set this as your status & see how many of us are there for you&hearts ; 
My room is a complete disaster area . I need to fix this , but i have indeed accomplished a lot today ;) 
Going to see Jessey soon , then bible study , songsters , prayer , and to the parents to go through by stuff there :) 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ...... Leave me a 1- word comment that best describes me using the fourth letter of YOUR LAST name ... it can only be 1word ...... Then copy and paste this to your wall so i can leave a word about you ...... Don't just post a word & not copy ....... That's no fun 
Jesus in excess is NOT a bad thing :) 
Dear customer , thank you for thinking I'm such an idiot . Yes , there's paper in my printer , and the problem lies with moneygram , not me . 
Getting my nails done during lunch , this should calm me down . 
It hurts so much to see you struggle and suffer like you do:'( 
Hearing a friendly , loving voice is all you need sometimes . Thank you Nannette :) 
1 I lift up my eyes to the mountains— \ 
where does my help come from ? \ 
2 My help comes from the LORD , \ 
the Maker of heaven and earth . \ 
Psalms 121:1 -2 
Best way to spend friday night ? Watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > have a personal dance party , and chatting with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > at 1 am ! and now since i promised her I'd try to get some sleep , I guess that's next on the agenda . 
Time to check the status of my transfer request . 34 days&hearts ; 
Just spent 4 hours cleaning out folders , and making new ones for the registers . Fun times ! 
No plans tonight , chilling at the parents once i get off . Maybe ill go for a run . 
Has plans now , gym with emsies once she gets off :) 
It seems awfully early for me to go to bed . 
Is having the most random conversation with my \Mom\ " and \ " sister\ " & hearts ; " 
Is over it , so glad that i know next weekend will be better . I am here to worship you Father , please take these distractions away . 
I lay my burdens down , at the foot of the cross . 
Is so thankful for my Altoona family and Lt < PROPFEMALE > Demichael ! 
Doesn't think she'll be able to handle it if one more person at work asks me where my Dad has been . Prayers would be greatly appreciated . 
1 hour to go , and then don't work again until Wednesday . 
Even though i have the next two days off , i feel they will be exhausting . LORD , let your will be some . 
Even though i have the next two days off , i feel they will be exhausting . LORD , let your will be done . 
Is praying for the best , and asking everyone else to pray too 
Is quite exhausted , but glad i can be here with my daddy . 
Thankful for wonderful , awesome , amazing coworkers ! I can stay in Altoona an extra day :) thank you < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thank you to all my wonderful family , friends , and coworkers . Special thanks to my work mother , and Altoona mother . Your love means more than you know&hearts ; 
Getting ready to head back to the hospital to see my daddy . 
2 < PROPFIRST > 3:16 -17 \ 
16 All Scripture is breathed out by God and profitable for teaching , for reproof , for correction , and for training in righteousness , 17 that the man of God may be competent , equipped for every good work . #Bible http://j.mp/efSEe3 
Tests , tests , tests . My poor daddy is so tired :( 
Sometimes you have to be the strong one in the family , as much as it hurts , its necessary . 
I could really use a latte ' right now ... 
There is a peace that passes all understanding . Thank you Jesus . Thank you family . Thank you friends . 
I think its about time for me to head home . Very tired , and for some reason , i think Walmart may like me to be there at 7 am . 
Dinner with emsies and < PROPFIRST > since i haven't really eaten yet today . 
Lattes with emsies , then dinner . It just seems like the right thing to do . 
Time to clean , exercise , and then hopefully get some much needed sleep . Work 7-4 tomorrow then back to the hospital . 
If getting mouthy with one of my favorite coworkers is any indication of how today is gonna go , i think i would have rather stayed home . Lord , give me strength ! 
Songsters and prayer meeting after spending some time with my Dad . Exhaustion setting in , is it Saturday yet ? 
off tomorrow , but lots of running around to do , come on saturday ! 
14 Wait for the LORD ; \ 
be strong and take heart \ 
and wait for the LORD . \ 
Psalm 27:14 
Sleep ! Busy day tomorrow . Through this trial , i will continue to give the < PROPFEMALE > to God . 
My dad has seen many -ologists , except for his theologist . < PROPFIRST > , where are you ?? 
Sitting in the hospital , awaiting test results . At least i'm on a floor with wifi and ability to use my laptop . 
getting sleepy , work 11-8 tomorrow . Then Altoona on Saturday morning&hearts ; 
work was exhausting today , on the upside , they said Daddy might be able to come home tomorrow :)) O , and i get to see my favorite ladies tomorrow . Praise the Lord for all his blessing&hearts ; 
work was exhausting today . On the upside , they said Daddy might get to come home tomorrow :)) and I get to see my favorite ladies . Praise God for his blessings&hearts ; 
should get some sleep as i have a long day with < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe , and then some quality time with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . Thank you Lord for these beautiful ladies&hearts ; 
up early-getting ready to go to Altoona . Lots to do today ... get a new phone , talk to the walmart store manager there , 1 year olds birthday party , mens warehouse , davids bridal , and then to relax ??? We'll see :) 
is in Altoona , let the fun begin !! &hearts ; 
Is relaxing , and enjoying every minute of it . Asking for continued prayer for my daddy . 
Bible study and church , then who knows what the day holds ?!? 
My heart is aching for my friend < PROPMALE > and her family right now . Please keep them in your prayers . 
Amaiya is asleep , < PROPFEMALE > is asleep . It's my turn :) glad I'm here to help my friend out though&hearts ; 
Is starting to get really excited as there are only 26 days between now and may 14th . Everything is coming together , and I have an awesome God who is taking care of everything :) 
There's never any fear of missing the train when it's always late ! Impatiently waiting for the 14th of May to arrive ;) 
Going to Walmart , don't know why . I have to be there at 7 am anyway 
I'm not going to say that I'm miserable because I'm not . I am truly blessed with what I have been given in life . But , right now , I am more than excited about my move to Altoona . 
It can seriously stop raining now ! 
Is very tired today . A nap after work before cleaning is in order I believe 
Hiccups :/ 
Highly annoyed , irritated , aggravated . Just waiting on my transfer now , I am more than ready to move . 
I guess it's about time to start cleaning , especially since my aunt , < PROPFEMALE > Santucci is visiting tomorrow :) & hearts ; 
The house is now clean , now time for sleep since I work 7-4 again tomorrow . Then spending the rest of the day with aunt Linda :) 
Can't wait until 4 when I get off and can go see my aunt :)) & hearts ; 
Spending time with my wonderful aunt < PROPFEMALE > , my daddy , and mom . < PROPMALE > comes home next week :) 
' Come to me , all you who are weary and burdened , and I will give you rest . ' < PROPFIRST > 11:28 
Pray for my dad today , he has to have a spinal tap done . We're not really scared , because we know our God is faithful , and will take care of him . 
Another busy day at Walmart ! 
Someone really turned me in today for telling them to have a good day ! So thankful that I only have 21 more days here&hearts ; 
Turns out I'm moving a week early . 15 days&hearts ; 
God certainly is up to something . Big changes are coming in my life . In just 2 weeks , I will be moving . Thank you Lord for opening my eyes to what you have for me . 
Has a job in Altoona ! I am so set to move ! ) 
Christ is risen from the dead , we are one with him again ! 
Has to go to work from 4-9 on this wonderful Easter day . 
Soooo bored that I asked Beckles if I could push carts . O what a boring night at Walmart ! 
coffee with Emsies :) 
I'm 12 , this is insane , here comes a hurricane ... ALL OVER YOUR BODY ! 
Best time tonight with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > N Boss . 4 cups of coffee and never ending laughs&hearts ; 
my brother comes home on Thursday , and were gonna have a brother/sister date :) & hearts ; 
as much as i love my Dad , I cannot wait to move to get away from my mother . Hurtful words day in and day out . 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > later on . Need to get out for a bit 
Work 7-3 tomorrow , then to the apartment to clean , and make sure my stuff is ready to go for next Saturday !!! :))) 
Has an insane headache . 
Has some amazing , awesome , silly friends ;) 
This rain is absolutely ridiculous , it just started hailing . Sitting on the side of the road with kaywasss ! 
is bored , needs somethinng to do . soon these boring days off will no longer exist ! 
goin to < PROPFEMALE > out with Jessey for the evening ... yep im definitely not one who can just sit around all day ! 
Down to single digits until my best friend and her fiancé come and get me to move ! 
Thinks it's unfair that your families feelings , and emotions come after your school finals ? Super annoyed :/ 
Feels better . I'll still get to see my brother because of my awesome \mother\ " and then he'll visit my parents . Thank you Lord for working everything out . " 
Is really missing my Altoona family . I know I only have a little over a week until I see them again , but I really , really miss them:'( 
8 days&hearts ; I can't believe it ! 
So , high school drama at work is always cool ! 
work 1-8 , trying to get all my stuff together for next week . It will be here before I know it&hearts ; 
Is very thankful for all the wonderful Walmart associates for getting my dad a beautiful card ! It means a lot ! 
Has realized today that I'm a rather calm person , as I had a line literally out past the mc entrance ! 
As I sit here with Adie , and < PROPMALE > , I realize how incredibly hard it will be for me to tell them goodbye :/ 
Last day of < PROPFEMALE > , Mom , and I all working together :( 
Breakfast with emsie's and kellina . Then work 
Don't you think it's time to grow up ? This is Kryssy's wedding , and the guy she is marrying is sweeter and kinder than any of you will ever be , or could be lucky enough to find ! I love you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Work wasn't bad today , kept busy the whole time . Now to go home , and practice my song for tomorrow morning . I can't believe it will be my last Sunday at the Greensburg citadel corps ! 
On my way to church , singing this morning . Then work 4-9 
Next Sunday will be better ! I can't wait to see my Kryssy and < PROPFEMALE >;) 
I'm very confused tonight , for some reason I keep thinking that I don't have to work tomorrow . False , I work 10-6 . 2nd to last day at the Greensburg Walmart ... 
Has lots to accomplish this week . I'll start by doing laundry tonight , and continue packing . I'm just about done ! Then tomorrow I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > out with jessey one last time . 
I feel like everything is falling apart , but I know things will be better very soon . 
is so over packing ... lots on my mind tonight . Stress relief ? Seeing Jessey Hayes tomorrow , having a wonderful friend in < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe , an awesome work mother < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > who I'll miss more than she knows , and a wonderful role model in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . This is a week of lasts , but I'll be back to visit . 
just about done packing everything at my parents house ... now as long as i don't forget my keurig on friday night , all will be well ! Can't believe I only have one day left at the Greensburg Walmart . Weird 
Things are looking up today . Gonna go spend time with jessey soon . Off again tomorrow , no plans as of yet . Thursday , last day of work . 
Impatient ! As are my closest friends ! Friday will be here soon , party with Kryssy and < PROPFIRST > ! Then leaving Saturday morning ! 
Heading to jessey's . Called the Altoona store today , and I don't start until the 15th . A week off of work ! Visiting my brother and sister-in-law :) & hearts ; 
In the words of < PROPFEMALE > , \it's really raining ! \"" 
cant believe < PROPFEMALE > Gilbert-Kehoe and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Jr will be here in 3 days ! 
We are mean , cruel people ! I love my friends :) 
Woooo , so many people to see tomorrow , and things to do ! 
Hanging out with Jessey , then going out to eat with < PROPFEMALE > one last time ! My best friend , and her fiancé will be here in 2 days ! 
Me : how are you gonna beat up the person that just saved your life ? \ 
Shaedon : Like this ! \ 
Haha , I love 2 year olds ! 
7-3 tomorrow , my last day . The hardest thing will be saying bye to < PROPFEMALE > Johnson ... and she's ready to throw a party , haha ! 
This day has come really fast ! Can't believe that tomorrow is my last day in Greensburg , and I leave for Altoona on Saturday ! The Lord is soooo awesome ! 
I knew without a doubt , that the hardest part of today would be leaving my \mom\ " I love you ! " 
¿te importo ? 
First lunch with Kaywass and < PROPFEMALE > ! My best friends will be here in like 9 hours :))) o , and praying for safe traveling mercies for my\mom\ " and her husband < PROPMALE > today ! " 
