HAPPY NEW YEAR !! TO EVERYONE OUT THERE THAT READS THIS . FAMILY , FRIENDS AND EVEN THOSE I DON'T KNOW . 

still trying to find parts for my wife's chevy citation . Back to calling the salvage yards again today . 
water heater went ' ca put ' have plumber's stopping by today to fix/replace it . 
cooking dinner , just relaxing 
had in-laws and mother over for BBQ , had good time . now time to relax . 
My wife , < PROPFEMALE > , was killed in a head-on collision tonight at 9:49 pm . She was killed instantly . 
I am at a lost for words , we would have been married 15 yrs on Nov . 18 , 2009 , she was 51 
Please send flowers to : Nalley-Pickle & Welch Funeral Home , 3800 N Big Spring St. , Midland , TX 79705 Services will be held ( as stands now , subject to change ) on Tuesday , 8/18/2009 @ 2:30 pm . We will be meeting with the funeral home @ 2 this afternoon to make final arrangements . < PROPFEMALE > will be cremated before service . Correspondence @ my cell phone , 432.352.2417 or home phone 432.262.6491 . 
confused , hurt , angry , LOST ! Held services for my beloved wife today who was tragically taken from us last Tuesday evening . Lots of family and friends around but now I am here alone and have too much time to think about the rest of my life and what lays ahead . Our 18 yr old daughter is out with a new boyfriend . Everyone says , \call me\ " but ? I am a survivor and will make it through these hard times . " 
Been 9 days since my wife was taken home to the lord , still in a fog . Nice to have family here to help , but they just aren't her . Try to get some normalty back in life come Monday , try to return to work . At least try to concentrate . 
Looking forward to trip to California to pick up my niece , Cayte . She will be spending her Senior yr of high school with us . 
Just got back in from San < PROPFIRST > , CA @ 7:30 this morning , drove all night . Dropped Cayte off for some sleep before registering @ < PROPFIRST > High . Took < PROPFEMALE > to Dr. ' s cause she was sick . Afterward , went to see Mother-in-law @ nursing home in < PROPFEMALE > . Now < PROPFEMALE>'s boyfriend is here and still I have had no SLEEEEEEEEPPP . Maybe later . Still need to talk to lawyer handling my wifes death , and run to Andrews later . 
Got Cayte registered in < PROPFIRST > High , she starts @ 8- 8:30 tomorrow to get schedule . She says she is anxious . 
Just returned from the nursing home . Got the call that my mother-in-law passed away tonight and took her last breathe at 10:40 pm tonight ( 9/3/2009 ) . Met my father-in-law and other daughter with her husband @ the nursing home . Said our fairwells and let the funeral home take her to be cremated . 
Spent most of yesterday afternoon cleaning out spare room/office to make a bedroom . Now my living room looks like a storage shed . Going to Big Spring to look @ a bed for Cayte and get her off the couch . Right now I just want to relax , make coffee , do laundry and LOSE MY MIND 
gonna try dealing with work today . Almost 1 month since my wife was killed , still wondering around somewhat lost . It sure helps having < PROPFEMALE > & Cayte here to keep me busy . 
back to work today , worked 1/2 day . Tomorrow is my mother in law's funeral services . Possible work 1/2 day in the morning . Services @ 2pm 
< PROPFEMALE>'s services are at 2 pm @ Nalley , Pickle & Welch on Big Spring St. 
just spent a nice evening having dinner @ Texas Roadhouse with my family , brother and his family and mom . Celebrating 3 b'days at the same time . Nice to be able to visit and have a good time . Love you all . 
Happy Birthday !! < PROPMALE > 
finally going through stacks (& stacks&stacks&stacks ) of paperwork , bills , magazines , etc ... that have accumulated over the years . Trying to clean out old stuff and make room for new . 
Finding cards from < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > for holidays & birthdays . Reading and rereading them remembering her & all the fun and great times we shared together . 
Been a busy day !! Just got home , HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Did something that I haven't done since < PROPFEMALE > and I went last year , BINGO ! Went with a friend and his wife and won $60 in pull tabs . 
Damn ! Forgot to gloat the other night , < PROPFIRST > LOST TO NY GIANTS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just found out my step-son < PROPFIRST > is in the hospital and not doing well . Waiting on word of his condition . 
< PROPFIRST > Cowgirls got lucky tonight !!!! beat < PROPFEMALE > , 21-7 
Just finished coloring < PROPFEMALE>'s hair and Cayte's hair . Waiting to see results when showers are done . I am such a GREAT !!! DAD . Who else would put up with the stench of hair coloring for their kids . 
and Niece 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > took me to Fast < PROPFIRST>'s last night for pool . < PROPFEMALE > wupped a ** on us both . Course , drinking didn't help < PROPMALE > or I much . Now it is 7:20 and I am off to work this morning . 
< PROPMALE > 17 ( YEEAAA ! ) COWBOYS 10 
Didn't watch the actual game , waited to watch a taped version tonight @ a football party @ 6pm 
< PROPMALE > BRONCOS 5-0 !!!!!!!!!!! Broncos 20 New England Patriots 17 
Spent weekend in St. < PROPFIRST > , MO Leavenworth , MO ( VA Hospital ) , and seen friends in Joplin , MO coming home . Arrived back @ 8:40 this morning . 
sorry , meant Leavenworth , KS 
posted pictures of girls halloween costumes in albums . Check under Halloween 09 
What's on my mind ??!! < PROPFEMALE > . The holidays , our anniversary and her birthday all within the next 2 wks . 
went to see 2012 tonight . I thought it was a very interesting movie . 
just got home from watching the Premier of Twilight New < PROPFEMALE > at the drive in theatre . Cold , < PROPFEMALE > and miserable it was . But a good movie . 
Finallly made it home after a great visit to San < PROPFIRST > , CA for the holidays . 
moving < PROPFEMALE > into her apartment !??? 
Damn , wouldn't you know , first snow of the season ( maybe the only ) and I forgot to get pictures . 
Taking truck in on Monday to get estimate on repairs ( someone backed into it while we were in California ) 
just picked up my new glasses , ' bi-focals ' gotta get used to them . 
Trying out < PROPFEMALE>'s new laptop . Works GREAT !!! Now she will have internet on the road to Florida . yea 
Spent Christmas with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > in Florida . Having a great time . Now it is time to see some sights after Christmas holidays . 
HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!! TO EVERYONE FAMILY , FRIENDS , AND THOSE I DON'T KNOW . 
Jackalopes won tonight , YEA !!! Way to end the year . 
Just finished putting the master bathroom back into working order after painting it . Does anyone have suggestions for removing latex paint from tile floors ? 
besides using a ' blade scraper ' 
kicking back relaxing today . Later I need to buy a new pair of work boots . 
Happy Birthday to my Niece , CAYTE MATTEHEWS 18 
Happy B'Day to Cayte Matthews 18 
Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching ... to see who really likes to read things 
Repost if you have someone in Heaven ...... I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his ...... arms .... I have you in my heart . Miss you , Dad and < PROPFEMALE > 
peace and quiet this weekend , kids going to concert . Seeing nickleback , sick puppies , shine down , and another band I can't think of . 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY TO ALL !! And a very special THANKS & GOD BLESS to the Service Men and Women past & present . 
counting the days and hours till I leave for Colorado 
JUST RETURNED HOME TODAY FROM MY 30TH CLASS REUNION IN COLORADO . IT WAS A BLAST 
I wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part ... God has you in his arms . I have you in my heart . Repost this if you have someone in Heaven 
take a look at the new photos added to the Family Reunion 
Sprained knee last Wednesday , went to Dr. ' s today . Badly swollen , and tender . Need to keep elevated with ice . Got steroid shot hopefully it will help . Said it will take 3 wks for swelling to go down . What a bummer :( 
trying to decide WHEN to cut my hair , now or after my b'day 
tried to take it easy at work today , no kneeling or squating . did most work sitting , some standing . Feel for the other mechanic having to pick up the slack , or < PROPMALE > my boss . Have you ever felt ' useless ' at your job ? 
It's been 1 yr since < PROPFEMALE > was killed . We will be putting a cross up at the site of the accident this evening after everyone is off work . Please keep our family in your prayers . 
Just returned from < PROPFEMALE > , saw The Sorcerer's Apprentice 
Horiscope : Virgo ( 8/23-9/22)You're quite willing to be patient most of the time , bit for now , you feel a little like Mt . Vesuvius having a bad hair day . Whether you decide to blow up or not , it's past time to let your family see just how much fire you can breathe . This little-known fact needs to be shared soon : You have a startling temper ! It doesn't show up often , but when it does , move away . 
On my way to the RockHounds game . Tomorrow , The < PROPFEMALE > Room for some birthday drinks !!! yeah 
Had a fun time at the RockHounds game tonight . They won , 10-3 against the Hooks . 
Had the time of my life last night , Thank You < PROPFIRST > . 
Had a blast at the comedy club last night , then went to Jaquars Gold Club for awhile . Same type of Gentlemen's Club as St. < PROPFIRST > , MO .. 
Hitting The < PROPFEMALE > Room again this Thursday , Sept . 2nd . Will be joined by my brother and his wife , and friends . About 8 in all . Should be a good time had by everyone . 
my Siamese cat won't leave my marshmallows alone , thinks she has to eat them with me . 
going to church with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > this morning . Don't know why , don't feel like I belong in a church right now . But .... I promised them . 
YEEEAAAA !!!! Redskins beat Cowboys !!!! 13-7 
cleaned up 1 spare room and got all the stuff packed in boxes . Now I am ready for my niece to come back and visit . Can actually use the room now . 
YEAAAA !!!! WAY TO GO GIANTS !!!!!! 
Received letter from Cayte today , email or call me for the address . She would love to hear from everyone , and have the support . 
YEAH !!!! GREEN BAY 45 < PROPFIRST > 7 
Today marks the 16th wedding anniversary if my wife were still alive . I miss you and love you , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Wish\ 
heaven had a phone so I could talk to you again . I thought of you \ 
today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days \ 
before that too . I think of you in silence . I often speak your name . All\ 
I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Re-post this if you \ 
......... have someone in heaven that you miss ... and love 
My father-in-law passed away at 12:40 this afternoon , please keep us in your thoughts this holiday season . Like to say , \Happy Thanksgiving\ " but ... you know . " 
The Sermon this Mom will never forget . \ 
\ 
This particular Sunday sermon .... ' Dear Lord , ' the minister began , with arms extended toward heaven and a rapturous look on his upturned face . ' Without you , we are but dust ... ' He would have continued but at that moment my very obedient daughter who was listening leaned over to me and asked quite audibly in her shrill little four year old girl voice , ' Mom , what is butt dust ? ' 
Life may not be the party we hoped for , but while we are here we might as well dance 
anyone live up around Sheboygan , WI ???? 
IF YOUR DAD IS ( OR WAS ) YOUR HERO , YOUR BEST FRIEND , OR JUST THE BEST DAD EVER , WHETHER YOU ARE BLESSED TO HAVE YOUR DAD STILL WITH YOU , OR IF HE IS AN ANGEL IN HEAVEN , COPY AND PASTE THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND LET EVERYONE KNOW YOU ARE PROUD OF YOUR DAD AND THAT YOU LOVE HIM DEARLY 
My Mom has made me laugh ..... Wiped my tears ..... Hugged me tight ..... Watched me succeed ..... Seen me fall ..... Cheered me on ..... Kept me going strong ..... And ..... Drove me a little crazy at times ..... But Mom's are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you had or have a wonderful Mom whom you love 
YEEEAAAAA IT IS SNOWING ..... 
AMEN !!!!! \ 
I believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebooker has challenged all gun owners to put this on their wall . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you Believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , re-post this 
Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness . 93% won't re post this . Why ? Be ... cause they need a foot up their ass too . Or their head is in the way . 
guess surgery is in the future(near ) for me . Like Tuesday , if all goes well . Found out I need to get a hernia repaired . 
It's Daughters Week ! If you have a beautiful Daughter , daughter-in-law , granddaughter or goddaughter that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while , but hold them in your heart for a lifetime\ 
No daughters but do have a step-daughter and daughter-in-laws 
Parents think about their children day and night . Parents love their children in a way that they will never understand . Parents will be there for their children when no one else will . Parents would take a bullet , jump in front of a train , or ask God to take them instead of their children . If you have a child or children you love as much as I love mine , post this as your status 
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! We no longer do that for .. fear .. of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & NOT CARE about offending anyone . Let's go !!! 
just shy of 12 hrs to go .... but , who's counting , right . 
Got home about 5 pm today , doing okay . Just a bit sore . Many thanks to all the family and friends for the well wishes and prayers . Will keep you updated . Off work this week . 
If your Mom was a hard working woman and was your hero , helped you no matter how bad you were or was just the best Mom ever , if you are blessed to still have her or if she is an angel in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Mother . You can replace alot of people in life , but you only have one ... Mother . 
work was good yesterday , took it easy ( most of the day ) easy stuff . Felt tired tired about 3 so rested for an hour or so . Got off at 5 . SLEPT GOOD LAST NIGHT 
Dear Lord , I come to you as humble as I know how . I confess my sins , those known and unknown , Lord you know that I'm not perfect and I fall short everyday of my life , but I want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy . Thank you for my family , each and EVERY member , my friends , a roof over my head and a warm home , food on my table , and everything I have .... Re-post if GOD has blessed you in any way ! Amen . 
If your DAD is or was a hard working MAN , your HERO , helped you no matter how bad you were , or is just the BEST DAD EVER . If you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an ANGEL in heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your DAD , and that you LOVE HIM !! 
SIBLING WAR !! Copy this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings ! If this stands for one hour without a sibling protesting it is true !!! :) 
Tomorrow starts our Saturday work days , 9-1 . for the summer 
For some reason , was drawn to the Second Baptist Church tonight , haven't been there for quite a few months ( if not a year ) . Had a good time , enjoyed the old classics for the music selection . 
God saw you getting tired and a cure was not to be . So he put his arms around you and whispered come to me . With tearful eyes I watched you and saw you pass away . Although I loved you dearly , I couldn't make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke my heart to prove to me , he only takes the best . Put this on your status if there is someone in heaven you miss everyday 
I may be broke .... but I need laughter , going to The < PROPFEMALE > Room tonight for the comedy show . Sure to be a great time . 
