Happy New Year 

I always here about these guys cheating on their girlfriends and causing problems . Guys like that give guys like me a bad name . They truly dont know what they have and they give it all up for nothing . It comes down to the 80/20 rule . 
today was a good day . Look like everyone was having fun . That is a good thing 
sounds like everyone is going to have fun tonight . I hope yall have fun . Yall just stay safe and watch out for trouble and the po po . 
I always seem to find a women I have things in common with , but it always seems they have a boyfriend . I wonder why that is . 
Why do people have to be so oblivious to whats around them , esp the people at work . 
This\ 
is from facebook ~ There are many complaints that Facebook has become \ 
unacceptably slow . The report shows that Facebook hasa number of \ 
nonactive members . They want us to re-post this message to see who are \ 
active and who are not . If you don't post this message ... within 2 \ 
weeks you will be removed in order to get mo ...... re space . Post this on\ 
your wall to show that you are active in the 
Todays my first day of college . I'm so excited . I can't wait to go and get started . 
Hey < PROPMALE > Class of 2006 . There is going to be a meeting at the Brooks-Mccall Park this Thursday @ 7pm . It should last about an hour . They are wanting to talk about us being in the homecoming parade . So any other questions give me a shout . 
I just set up my new laptop . It is so cool . I am having fun on it . 
Hey I want to play this question gamem :) 
Hey I'm still waiting on some questions . I really want to play . 
I'm . still waiting for thede questions 
Everything is finally falling into place . Getting some personal stuff taking care of . I have almost finished my first semester of school . Now there is only one thing that could make this year finish even better . 
Tired of being single every christmas :( 
Nothing could make the end of this year better . I am spending time with my family and I will be going out after the holidays . I sure cant wait to see what next year holds . 
FMU is closed again tomorrow . 
Yours truly actually has plans for Saturday night . Yeah I cant wait to see how it goes 
how about them steeleres , they came back and showed baltimore how to play real football . GO STEELERS 
I have met this wonderful person . She has become a very good friend . Im going to let the good lord lead me through and see where it goes . 
beautiful day out , but stuck indoors studying . I guess you gotta do what u gotta do 
TGIF . I can't wait for the weekend . have a few things planned , but the next weekend is going to be better . fb have a great day 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to everyone . I hope that all of you have someone special to share the day with . Have a good day . :) 
spent the day with the fam , treated everyone to < PROPFEMALE > garden for my brother in law b-day and went to the mall . after that we went to see the play of The Fou wall at fmu . that was funny as hell . glad to have spent the day w them . fb fam have a good night and god bless . remember somebody out there love you . 
today was interesting . I saw the real side of someone . that's fine , now I know the truth I can say see ya to that person and move on with my life . I have family and friends and esp god to guide and who knows what's around the next bend or when I will run into that special someonem I'm just going to take a day at a time and enjoy the ride . night fb fam . peace out !!! :) 
wow , I heard some things today , that surprised me . can't . wait to see what happens 
I dont get why people just cant be totally honest . What are you trying to hide by not totally telling the truth . Actually who cares , it just shows what kind of person you are . 
hey everyone , just wanted to appologize for leaving some of my other true friends out of my note a couple od days ago . those friends are < PROPFEMALE > , ms. < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , lisa , durinda . also to my parents too . fb have a good day and god bless 
Time for me to stick to myself 
For all the fake friends out there , I dont have any need for you in my life . From now on leave me alone and find somebody else to use and if I find out your not a true friend , then I will delete you from fb and from my life . Now for my true friends thanks for being there and for always listening . Time for me to stop being taken advangtaged of . Night Fb fam and god bless . 
I'm glad spring break is here , def needed . can't wait for tomorrow , I get to < PROPFEMALE > with my bro . 
I got all dressed up for my speech class , totally froze half way through . was able to collect myself and finish . Stayed all dressed up all day for nothing , not like I had a date ... lol . It doesnt hurt to get dressed up though . Alright fb fam have a good night . God bless 
I wanted to thank all my family and friends for the birthday wishes . Today was a good day , I didnt have to work and was able to relax and bring in my new year right . I cant wait to see all my friends tomorrow . Hope you have a good night fb fam . God bless and peace out 
I had an epiphany yesterday . I realized that I have fmaily and friends that really care about me . I was wanting the 20% when I have the 80% and that is fine with me . From now on I am going to live my life to the fullest and be ther for all of them and you know who you are . No more worrying about being single . Gn fb fam . God bless and peace out . 
