please pray for < PROPFEMALE > barker . she has been battling double pneumonia for over a week in the hospital . she is not doing well and needs all the prayers we can give her ! 

everyone please pray for < PROPFIRST > via . he had a bad 4 wheeler wreck a couple days ago . he broke his shoulder , collarbone , 4 ribs , his skull and bruised his brain . they did emergency surgery yesterday to relieve the swelling on his brain . he is in the icu at the jcmc for those who know him . thanks ! 
via is out of icu ! his brain has stopped bleeding , but he is in A LOT of pain ( feeling the broke shoulder , collarbone , and ribs now that the good drugs are done) ! please continue to keep him in your prayers . thanks to all who have ! 
thank u for all my happy birthday wishes ! i can't believe how many were on here ! 
everyone please pray for < PROPFIRST>'s mom . she is still in the hospital and not feeling better . please pray that she remains strong as well as the family . thanks to all especially my church family ! 
I AM BEGGING EVERYONE TO PLEASE PRAY FOR SHAWN'S MOM , < PROPFIRST > WEEMS . SHE HAS BEEN IN THE HOSPITAL FOR OVER A MONTH AND HAS JUST BEEN MOVED UP TO THE ICU . PLEASE PRAY FOR STRENGTH , PEACE AND COMFORT FOR HER AS WELL AS KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING FOR THE DOCTORS AND NURSES . I KNOW PRAYER WORKS !!! PLEASE PRAY FOR HER AND ADD HER TO ANY PRAYER LISTS YOU HAVE !! THANKS ! 
thanks 4 all prayers 4 shawns mom . been in the hospital since sept , gettin out tomorrow ! the power of prayer ! what an awesome God ! with that great news , i have a prayer request . shawns dad called an ambulance last week . thinking lung cancer . find out 4 sure tomorrow . please pray 4 our family for wisdom , peace and comfort in knowing a loving God is in control and that His plan is much better than plans we have ! 
God listens to prayers !! thank u all !! IT'S NOT CANCER !!!!!!! God is so good !! this can only be explained as a miracle ! the doctor looked at the results 3 times before talking to us then again while talking to us ! he was speechless ! all the < PROPFEMALE > to God ! thank u for all the prayers ! 
ok folks , we r out of the frying pan into the fire . kidney function is down to 15% . this is the level they start dialysis . they r gonna try some things today and see if they can get it going up again . keep praying !!! 
well , they say it IS cancer . he is in renal failure and massive congestive heart failure . he just wants 2 go home . so we are trying 4 tomorrow . please pray 4 the family 2 have peace with his decision . pray 4 a strong faith and peace in the knowledge that a loving and all knowing God is in control . thanks again 4 all the prayers . this will be a very hard time 4 the family 2 watch him go . please keep us in your prayers 
well , they say it IS cancer . he is in renal failure and massive congestive heart failure . he just wants 2 go home . so we are trying 4 today . please pray 4 the family 2 have peace with his decision . pray 4 a strong faith and peace in the knowledge that a loving and all knowing God is in control . thanks again 4 all the prayers . this will be a very hard time 4 the family 2 watch him go . please keep us in your prayers 
shawns dad went to be with the Lord early this morning . thank you all for the prayers and well wishes . you learn what kind of people you have in your life by the way they show you support in times like these . you really see what kind of friends u have . thank you so much and God bless you all ! recieving friday @ jonesborough methodist from 5-7 service to follow . 
shawns dad went to be with the Lord early yesterday morning . thank you all for the prayers and well wishes . you learn what kind of people you have in your life by the way they show you support in times like these . you really see what kind of friends u have . thank you so much for the prayers , phone calls , food , and visits . God bless you all ! recieving friday @ jonesborough methodist from 5-7 service to follow . 
please continue to pray for my family . shawns mom is back in hospital with congestive heart failure . she gained 9 pounds of fluid in a week , and we took her to the er this afternoon . after loosing her husband of 55 years this week , this has been such a rough time for her especially . please pray for strength and peace for her and family withthe knowledge a loving God is in control . thank u to everyone 4 support ! 
please continue to pray for my family . shawns mom is back in hospital with congestive heart failure . she gained 9 pounds of fluid in a week , and we took her to the er yesterday . after loosing her husband of 55 years this week , this has been such a rough time for her especially . please pray for strength and peace for her and family withthe knowledge a loving God is in control . thank u to everyone 4 support ! 
shawns mom went from the icu to home today ! thank u Lord ! thank u all for ur prayers and support ! 
please pray for < PROPFIRST>'s mom today . she is having a double masectomy at 8am . pray for the doctors , nurses and that she make it through the surgery , that theu get ALL the cancer and for an easy recovery . she is still in congestive heart failure and on oxygen . 
please continue to pray for < PROPFIRST > . the anesthesiologist , dr. < PROPFEMALE > ramsey , did not read the chest xray they took on monday , so after poor < PROPFIRST > not being able to sleep for 2 days getting emotionally ready for a double masectomy , then arriving at the hospital at 5am this morning , is told , you have pneumonia minutes before the surgery at 8am . she has had it since the xray on monday ..... 
but they didn't read this procedure that they insisted she have til moments before the surgery . please pray for her state of mind . she's very frustrated and emotionally and physically exhausted . 
< PROPFIRST>'s mom had surgery yesterday . they only took one breast b/c of all her other health problems . they did have to take all the lymph nodes . all looked suspect . few more hot spots so insisting on chemo . please continue to pray and thank you all for all the prayers so far !!! 
He is risen ! 
so < PROPFIRST>'s mom started chemo yesterday . she got there at 2:30 for a 3:00 appointment . she had a bad reaction and they had to stop it and give her drugs to counter it , then start again . got home at 8:30 ! please pray today goes better . thanks to all of you who actually do pray ! God is listening !!! 
< PROPFIRST > had to get iv fluids today . Her white blood cell count was 0 . She's been sick for a couple days . Home now , but please . keep her and the family in ur prayers 
God bless our troops and their families- past , present and future ! 
God is sooo good !!! < PROPFIRST > and i just got back from an awesome week in the carribean to find out that his mom is in remission !!!!! stage 4 breast cancer- in the lymphnodes , bones , and other- to remission !!! all the < PROPFEMALE > to God ! only He could have done this ! thank you for all the prayers ! God answers them !! 
Ephesians 2:8 -9 ()\ 
\ 
8 For by grace you have been saved through faith . And this is not your own doing ; it is the gift of God , 9 not a result of works , so that no one may boast . #Bible http://j.mp/98m21y 
thank u everyone for all the birthday wishes !!! i feel so blessed !! < PROPMALE > thanks u too :) 
