There is no God ... only Beatles !!! Screw Lennon for forgetting that !!! 

VIDEO GAMES ARE ART ...... I PROVED IT 
Cake is yummy 
I was up until 6am playing Rainbow Six Vegas 2 . Im going for a repeat tonight 
Cotilion practice sucks . Dancing is cool 
Too much Rainbow Six Vegas 2 ... about ... to ... die 
Now I'am onto Splinter Cell ... just as great 
goddamn russell ... good comeback on the gay joke ... i call for peace in our fued of gay bashing despite the fact we're not gay 
getting ready for D-Day ... waltz is complete ... cha cha almost complete ... ready to eat 
watching a movie with my sister .... filling out surveys on facebook .... eating Milk Duds .... crying inside 
MIA from Facebook for 2 months .... expect further delays :) 
OMG HALO 3 ODST !!!! 
3 day weekend .... 3 days to play The Beatles : Rock Band , Halo 3 : ODST , and read my National Government textbook 
oh shit !!!! Obama is awesome !!!! 
EEEEEEK ... ITS ALMOST 12 AM 
YAY ROGER'S BIRTHDAY !!!! Only other friend who is 19 years old .... we might die before anyone else tho ... which sucks :( 
COOKIES !!!! 
Paranormal Activity was a bullshit movie ... GIVE ME BAK MY $10 ASSHOLES 
There are those who look at things the way they are , and ask why ... I dream of things that never were , and ask why not ? < PROPFIRST > Kennedy 
Stuck in Chinese Society in Culture right now ...... with < PROPFEMALE > :( 
4 more days to Forza Motorsport 3 Limited Edition :D 
OMG .... 400+ Cars ... 100 Tracks .... HELLA FUN with Forza 3 
I want to be a Freemason hella bad :o 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > and M.E. to get out of class ... GOOD LUCK WITH THE JOB INTERVIEW < PROPMALE > !!!! 
This Halloween weekend was the best ever and also the most fun i had this whole year . But it comes ands goes without its sad side ... Rest in Peace < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
is coming back from the WFG Champions Bowl II in Visalia . Learned a lot . Heard a lot . Thought a lot . Bust most of all : The only difference between your dream and a fantasy is this , you have a plan for your dream . 
< PROPFEMALE > essay due next Thursday not this Thursday ... AWESOME !!! 
cant wait for P.E. next semester !!!! 
i think i might add another p.e. class and a guitar class .... hmmm ... iono tho ... i cant have more than 19 units 
I just watched Angels and Demons ... awesome movie ... now how do i join this \Illuminati\ " ? They sound like a couple of swell folks " 
This might sound crazy but ... We will never get into Heaven . We must accept the daunting task of becoming better people in order to create a Heaven in this world . 
yes ... one more week of freedom until school starts :) 
\The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Bagehot " 
To be a winner you have to place first ... To be the < PROPFIRST > you have to break through your boundaries and accomplish a once impossible feat 
Leave the the people who have chosen to leave themselves tattered , keep the people who choose to keep themselves loyal , and love the people who will choose to love rather than destroy . 
Friends do not flow in and out of your life/ They do not wash up onto the shores of your desires/ Each friend you have started out as a seed/ Encapsulated by the world they came from/ Only through respect , loyalty , and love will they grow into a flower/ Each a special and unique part of the garden you will forever tend to . 
A dream you dream alone is only a dream . A dream you dream together is reality . - < PROPFIRST > Lennon 
watching < PROPFEMALE > the Story of Us ... history is AWESOME !!! 
Kababayan essay , Oral Research Project , and download Halo Reach Beta .... too much to do !!! 
Arizona = Nazi Germany ... prepping my papers if I ever need to go there . P.S. Arizona governor and proponents of new law ... F& #K you , FASCISTS !!! 
I read the news today , oh boy . About a lucky man who made the grade and though the news was rather sad , well , I just had to laugh . 
UC < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > has a Beatles class !!?? That's freakin ' awesome !! 
How do I add Oceana and Skyline to my networks tab on the side of the profile ? Please Help Me !!! 
WEBPAGE COMPLETE ..... * DING * ..... ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED , 0G , Pulling off a last second Project Completion 
DAMN !!! So much for finishing my Oral Research Project ... now I have to prepare a 15 minute presentation about Blue Scholars ' song \Life & Debt \"" 
Congrats to all the Oceana Seniors who earned awards last night ... Even bigger props for those who came from Robertson 
WOOT WOOT !!! July 10 , at AT&T Park , < PROPFIRST > McCartney is rollin into town . Gotz me some tickets !!! Can't wait to bask in his greatness !! 
Two essays and two finals to finish off the year ... my goal for the Summer : GET OUT OF THE HOUSE !!! 
Chicago and < PROPFIRST > McCartney concerts in the Bay Area ... I cant wait for Summer !!! 
Just finished my Body/Weight Conditioning final .... PASSED IT !! \ 
-9 pounds\ 
-2% Body Fat 
Essay Complete !!! 6.5 pages of awesomeness for the teach to read ... time to sleep zZzZz 
The Orange Box is hella fun !!! 
I will not be happy until I walk into UC < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > as a student !!! Go SLUGS !!! 
WOO !!! 4 A's and a B and C for my Spring 2010 term grades ... school rocks 
How do I red ring my XBOX 360 ?! Someone tell me how to KILL my 360 !!! 
MGS Fever !!! Now I need a Nintendo 3DS for Metal Gear Solid 3D Snake Eater , and Metal Gear Solid Rising on a new XBOX 360 Slim 
OMG < PROPFIRST > McCARTNEY CONCERT WAS AWESOME !! 
listening to the Good Evening New York City album by < PROPFIRST > McCartney and trying to write an essay on The Shawshank Redemption . 
Thank you everyone ... it sucks that there isn't enough cake for everyone :( 
Can't wait for the 49ers to play in London ... im going to be blasting The Beatles while we kick < PROPMALE>'s ass 
why do i hate the world series and the giants ? - hella people coming out of the cutties acting like they've backed the giants for years when they just hopped on the bandwagon once the playoffs and world series came into sight - the same fuckers who are dissing the 49ers now are the ones who will be cheering them on when we get the right team in place 
Watching 49ers game ... niners up 3 to nothing 
Niners with the win ... now we're 2-6 . WOO !!! 
I'm still in a bit of shock over the Giants ' World Series Championship ... I can only imagine how it felt to see the 49ers win their first Super Bowl championship .... then their second , third , fourth , and fifth championships ( I wasn't raised watching football every Sunday so I missed our latest win ) . Crazy parade today tho . 
49ers pull of an overtime victory against the Rams !!! < PROPFIRST > Smith was out there throwing bullets for more than 300 yards ... and no interceptions !!! Niners improve to 3-6 ... Damn ... today was great . 
all you need in life is xbox live , the internet , netflix , and hulu .... nuff said 
NOOOO !!! Goddamn Buccaneers !!! Damn you to hell !!! 
I just realized the exact dates my life had forever changed ( for the better ) ... watching Batman Returns in 1992 , going to the theaters to watch < PROPFEMALE > Wars in 1997 , playing Microsoft's Xbox and Halo in 2001 , and being exposed to The Beatles in 2009 . I can't think of anything else that's been so influential in my life . 
holy shit .... Paul McCartney is on Saturday Night Live tonight .... just awesome ... FAB !!! 
Playing Dance Central and Kinect Adventures at my house ... apparently i'm a \monster\ " on the Lady Gaga songs . No one at my house has beat my scores yet . " 
