is restarting his I-pod from zero . I now have nine songs . This time I'm only adding things I'll listen too . 

Angels and Demons was a really good movie , I thought . 
quotation marks are tricky little suckers ! 
is trying to fight this urge ... 
needs to remember what it's like to feel courage . 
\How ' bout you come to my office ? \"" 
I am trying to find out what a high G sounds like , but can't find it . I'm sure I have heard it , but I don't remember so if anyone could suggest a song that hits that note and tell me when ... I would greatly appreciate it . 
is worn out from barking his lungs off at the < PROPFIRST > Hutchinson concert ! I live to tell the tale that he is amazing ! 
when he wakes tomorrow will have made a decision . It may not be good , but it's a question that finally must be answered fully ... so far only most of it has and the most important part is coming into view more and more each day . 
doesn't know how to say it . 
this evening could end VERRRY badly . 
It's gonna .. it's gonna be alright . 
is repairing some broken wires . 
that little gleam of hope is what people like us need ... and you got it . 
should start asking himself \Why not ? \"" 
is trying his best to look at the silver lining ... it's difficult . 
it felt good to run . Now ... shower . 
something very perculiar happened last night ... He is still listening . 
I think it's time rock this out . LET'S DO THIS ! Time to get over myself ... that's the only thing left standing in my way . 
don't say it . Show it . 
POOL !!!! 
feels strange . 
has a fairly busy day today . 
needs a little motivation . 
chose his path and has begun the trek up the giant , hellish mountain that is his goals , lol . 
loves Slytherin house ! 
\To what end ? \"" 
feels boredom creeping back into his life . 
hmmmm ... Captain < PROPFIRST > Sparrow ... perhaps . 
it'll haunt me forever ... hahahaha , every one , and I mean every one , says something about it ! 
doesn't know what to feel so if you could just tell him that'd be great . 
so far the quizzes sum me up as a bizarre , interesting , exciting , sexy , sex craving maniac , who , can do anything as long as he learns to control his bizarre , interesting , sexy , sex craving maniac-ness ? huh ... I don't know . 
sure is good at killin'! lol . 
is eating a Snickers . 
keeps realizing daily that his instinct is usually always correct ! 
keeps realizing daily that his instinct is usually correct ! 
hahahaha , the things we learn about ourselves ! :) 
' s crops died while he was away !!! I wasted so much money ! 
is extremely tired . And is glad he got to watch fireworks and had a great time at the game ! 
needs to feel accomplished today ... Zach Galifianakis ... that is all . 
made a promise ! He is gonna keep that promise ! It's of the utmost importance to keep it ! 
nothing like feeling clean ! :D 
now what ? Hmmmmm . 
needs to take a shower ! 
I am just on the ball today . 
is thinking about going to Canton for lunch . 
\don't worry pater ! That's why they call it schpupel ! \"" 
the new Silent Hill is scary !!! Fun , but extremely scary ! I had to knife faceless nurses ! 
doesn't have a good status . 
such a strange song . 
is amazed at how quickly a song can change meh spirit ! 
is bored . 
GILES IS IN SWEENEY < PROPMALE > !!!! 
:) 
thinks it would be cool to have a pensieve . 
\Nom Chompsky ! Ha ha ha ha ha ! Get a load of this guy ! \"" 
is rather speechless ... once is good enough . 
loves being a baritone . 
this shirt has been through hell ! 
goodnight world . 
is relaxing . 
thinks Life is a great movie ! 
Jangle , jangle . 
needs to find that Slytherin shirt we saw yesturday ! 
thinks he has found a new favorite musician ! 
hope everyone enjoys < PROPMALE > Potter tonight . :) 
is tired . 
is once again comforted ... thank you . ;) 
hmmmmmmm , interesting ... wonder how far this is gonna go ? 
has some things that need to be said , some rumors that need to be up-rooted , and love to be given ... it's true I forgot what it's like to be cheerful ! I haven't lost it ... I just haven't been it . 
has been overcome by something far greater than himself . 
is starting to see his potiental . 
no form yet . 
is a very lucky person ... all because of Him . 
starts training tomorrow at 8:00 ... hope I like the job ! 
this may be the last time I get to relax during the day in a long while ... so if you want to do something now'd be the time to do it ! 
everything in it's own time . 
* sigh * 
finally learned his lesson . 
is content ... past mistakes wither away and are forgotten . Envy , hatred , pain and guilt melt into the light , which , exudes everywhere around me . Serene and calm , fun and relaxed , repentent and sorry . It took time ... but I'm there , the lessons I needed to 
isn't sure if likes this job ... or if he'll have it for very long . 
knows that he shouldn't be picky , but anything that resembles telemarketing is not my cup of tea ... I'm a servant . 
\This is a dream I've had since lunch and I'm not giving up on it . \"" 
\Weeeeee thaught you waz a toad ! \"" 
is dead . 
just can't get passed what he has done ... just gotta keep reminding myself that this is what I deserve . 
is calling it a day ... tomorrow ... tomorrow . 
another day . 
keep on trying , keep on trying . 
convinced himself he was the hero ... but found himself on the other side of the fence . 
has nothing of what he speaks . 
is gonna do this ... I hope it goes well . 
shall stay afloat . 
what would you say ? Success ? 
' s eyes feel like lead . 
yet again has nothing important to put here . 
has a new goal in mind . 
is back own level ground ... let's start the ascent into the hellish mountain that is life , hahahahaha such a positive outlook you say ? I know says I ! 
suppose it's time for bed . 
is awake . 
\Just give me the < PROPFEMALE > alert . \"" 
the BK < PROPMALE > is such a creeper ! 
wait for it , wait for it ... alright here it goes , tell me what you think \There is fire burnin ' on the dance floor because someone is making good girls go bad ! \ " ha ! Bring it .... so very bored . " 
hmmm ... I seem to be loquacious as well . Thanks dictionary.com ... that's plugging for you ! 
is diffident as well . Five points to someone who can guess an accurate definition without help . Be honest . 
or is fixing his diffidency . 
feels stranger than usual ... somethings happening . 
so very tired . Taking a shower . 
kindness . 
my legs are shot . 
respect . 
thinks that one of the coolest things to do is type to the rhythm of a song you are listening to , like what I'm doing right now . 
is a work in progress . 
Hours later I still can't believe it happened , hahahaha . 
suppose he's going to go play some ultimate frisbee . 
is extremely tired now .... it's a good tired . 
wonders .... last status change I promise . 
is getting some dinner ... chinese ? 
Canton it is . 
well , goodnight . 
finds it hard to remain confident . 
\At least I'm not an orange . \"" 
If you cannot text please comment below . A group that will either embody the awesomeness of not texting , or a support group is being created as we speak . 
DCI is intense !!! 
is out . 
is seriously considering the medical field ... I want to be a doc . 
time to get cleaned up . 
had a wonderful night and is now home ... sleep time . 
movie today ? 
relaxed the day away . 
well it's settled ! Actor it is . 
wants to go see Inglorious Bastards . 
ah .... summer rains . 
wishes to get out of the house . 
just can't get away from it ... 
softly says goodnight . 
feels slightly worthless right now . 
it sure does . 
thinks today is gonna be a good day . 
it's mesmerizing . 
\Then < PROPMALE > realized he was punching a babboon . \"" 
it's hard to remember songs ... I need my i-pod . 
goodnight . 
has been couped up in this house all day ... most of it at least ... need to do something . 
is one tired pup . 
OTC ... you will know me . 
well ... all I have to do now is get the books . 
we are discussing \The Elegant Universe \"." 
has this wonderful feeling . 
free music is one of the most beautiful things in this world :) . 
* sigh * :) 
is not a facebook addict ! Besides the fact that this is my fifth time being on today . 
needs a pick-me-up . 
is making a new CD mix and needs a cool name for it . 
to much stress !!! Is trying to smile . 
... 
wishes to go for a walk . 
is gonna go to bed early tonight , tomorrow is going to be a busy day . 
is being extremely picky with this new playlist ... it's gonna be epic ! It will tell a story . 
is gonna have to call it a night . 
understands why it takes two . 
is home . 
a familiar smell . 
' s first day of college tomorrow . Let's see how it goes . 
first day of classes ... about six chapters of reading , a paper and a sheet of homework ahhhh , school :) . 
all due Monday that is . 
hopes your day went well . 
what should I have for lunch ? Paper One ... complete !! 
is just sitting back and relaxing . 
... yep . 
churchin ' in it up alone this mornin ' . 
faith . 
hopes he survives . 
so far so good . 
has the want ( need ) to watch the Matrix Trilogy ! 
is still alive . 
Very < PROPMALE > Potter Musical ... complete . 
\Nevermind ! I'll stay dehydrated ! \"" 
\And I'm missing you . I'm just missing you . \"" 
late dinner . 
perhaps it's this ? 
must end his day . Goodnight . I wish I had the fortitude to stay up longer . 
how can you understand the answer if you don't know the question ? 
isn't gonna let it go over my head . I want to figure this stuff out . 
just needs to relax ... alright , I'm done changing states ... just found a reason to use the plural of status ! 
off to church . 
each smile is beautiful . 
is trying to be creative . 
\It's like we're taking a guess when the only answer is yes . \"" 
off to work :) 
is now organized ... let's see how long it lasts . 
back to school . 
hopes you are having a good day . 
my arch nemisis work impedes my plans again ! 
just call me The Problem Solver . 
lunch time . 
getting ready for work with The Killers . 
hopes you had a good day . Off to work . 
feels as if Friday couldn't have come any sooner . 
courage can show through fear you just have to know it's there and that I'm here . 
is thinking about going for a walk . 
is going to relax . 
wouldn't have wanted to spend his night any other way . 
hopes you have a good day tomorrow if I don't get to talk to you . 
wishes to go see \9 \"" 
tomorrow is going to be a long day . No problem . 
gotta love a presidential speech . 
is calling it a night . 
wonders if he reaches to far , or asks to much . 
supposes it's time for a new start . I don't wish to start out this way again . 
hopes the play is worth it . 
saw one of the greatest shows both in writing and in performing . 
\Sometimes you have to go the long way in order to go the short way correctly . \"" 
hope is apart of everything ... it's whether you decide to nurture it or not . 
\If I speak I am condemned ... if I stay silent I am damned ! \"" 
wants to go outside . 
is relieved . :) 
sees all to clearly what he has made . It's time to dig myself out of this hole . 
Literary narrative rough draft complete . 
Thank God ! 
< PROPFIRST > Colbert is amazing ! 
it's now midnight and I am really not that tired ( as I yawn ) . 
my bed calls to me . 
who has two thumbs and shouldn't be on here ... this guy ! 
what a gorgeous evening . 
wishes to learn how to play the guitar , or piano ... really either one would be awesome ! I think , if they still have the class next semester , I'm going to take a piano class ! It's probably not on the list of necessary classes , but it'd be fun . 
working on his New York accent with a golf club . 
is reading about design programs . 
is thinking about getting lunch . 
plans on going for a walk call if you wish to join . 
Lunch ? Dinner ? LINNER ! 
going to get something to eat ... the hw and then a walk ... probably just around here . Unsettlling . 
most of the time seems like an after thought . 
good night . 
would you please define awake for me ? 
had the strangest dream . 
promised himself and he isn't going to faulter now ... let's get back up . 
is gonna get him something to eat and then watch perhaps the best show ever invented to man a.k.a. < PROPFEMALE > ! 
had an important realization today . 
has too many things to worry about besides that , but my mind just won't let it alone . 
is best friends with < PROPMALE > Folds he just doesn't know it yet . 
watched < PROPFIRST > Scissor Hands in its entirety . It's a great movie . 
took an unexpected nap . 
sees it now :) 
dinner and then finding a way to watch House . 
Dancing with the Stars is a great substitute though . :) 
thinks The Community has great potiental . :) 
nothing like The Dark Knight . 
thinks he is going to do a monologue from \The Crucible \"." 
The Community shall be great . 
is thinking of dressing up as Spike for Halloween ! Yes , no ? 
should I dye my hair brown ? Opinions people !!! 
should be getting a < PROPMALE > Book rather soon ! 
is where he should be . 
is debatting on whether he should purchase a macbook air or not ... with the card I can get my payments could be as low as 34$ a month . 
feels small ... 
I plan on surviving , because that's how I roll . 
it's been one hell of a day . 
I will ceaselessly promote The Community because it is amazing ! 
is just kind of fed up with it all . 
had a dream he never wants to have again . 
still has so much to learn . 
knows its going to be alright because he knows he can . It starts today . 
is extremely full . 
has 34 friends online right now . Suppose that's a new record . 
has decided the least favorite out of his nicknames . 
thinks he understands now . 
\ So . If . I . Have . A . < PROPMALE > ... would you let me know ? \ " -The Killers " 
and now more school . I leave with the < PROPFEMALE > for an orchestra follow me and play background music for me ... better get on that . 
relax ? Who has time to relax ? 
Family Guy has gotten its magic back ! 
the stars write me as a contradicition . 
knows why he doesn't dream at night ... he ends up doing it all during the day . 
GOODIES ! 
would like to go back to the cabin . 
can text again . 
is a leader by accident if you consider < PROPFEMALE > to be called such a thing . 
time to get ready . I had a dream that I was in McDonalds and zombies began to attack it . 
doesn't usually enjoy Beyonce , but \Sweet Dreams\ " is rather addicting . " 
is getting into Glee . 
would give anything to just sing my heart right now . 
tomorrow is going to be something else . 
homework done . 
still has 8 more hours ... let's do this . 
had a great night . 
needs some time to think and I'm hoping work might be that place . 
sleep . 
going to church . 
recieved the answers he needed like always . Thank You . 
wishes to write a play . 
really wants to watch some < PROPMALE > Potter . 
off to work . 
guys , guys , guys ... it's gravity . 
this day could end up being a very bad day . 
thinks it is time to give his brain some time to relax . I think Rock Band could do that ... hope you all have a good night . 
was about ten feet from a wreck . 
is way too tired ! 
I'ma gonna go to bed now . 
Just got fourteen hours of sleep ! I'm feelin ' good . 
awake and refreshed . I had a wonderful night . Now , lunch , then paper/work ... and hopefully we can end today on a good note with some music . Can I get an amen ?! 
I suppose I'll get ready for work now . 
church . 
its time to go get some food . 
such a beautiful day . 
sees his dreams finally shaping and they are what he knew they would be . Thank you . 
is thinking things through finally . 
\Do not test my politeness . \"" 
just pumped out a four and a half < PROPFEMALE > paper in about an 45 minutes ! Thank God for inspiration ! 
wants lunch . 
Hi , my name is < PROPFIRST > and I ... I am a < PROPFEMALE > addict . 
feels like he's behind on everything and has too much to think about . 
' s faith is being tested . 
< PROPMALE > n ' Cheese ? < PROPMALE > n ' Cheese . :) 
is going to be purchasing some < PROPFEMALE > apparel . I believe I have decided on a hoodie and a shirt , but I'm still not sure which ones I want . 
nothing worth fighting for will be easy . 
To be forgiven is a grace , but to forgive is a virtue . Both of these are important , but one of them proves more than the other . 
going to bed and I hope everything went well for the crew and cast of \Grease\ " . I'll be there tomorrow . " 
day 2 . 
is going to play more < PROPFEMALE > and eat some food . 
knows that the question is no longer why , but how . 
will most likely never fit in . 
better put , he lacks an important purpose in his life . 
hopefully church will provide me the answers that I seek , and if not ... well I don't know of any other place that I could turn . 
going to find some answers . 
will always find his way . 
doesn't feel like a slacker anymore , which is nice ! 
hopes he isn't working in vain , though its quite likely that this homework is too late to turn in . Eh , at least I'll know how to do it on the test . Look at me with the silver lining and stuff . 
\Its a big rock . I can't wait to tell my friends ; they don't have a rock this big . \"" 
you know your a dork when ... you have < PROPFEMALE > music on ' repeat all ' . 
is too nice , but I suppose that isn't a bad thing . 
headed off to work . I hope everyone has a nice evening , snuggle up and watch a movie , I'd say the weather calls for it . 
dinner at nine can't be healthy . 
hasn't been this content in a while , which usually means something is about to cause chaos ... bring it . 
is the immovable object . 
must find a way to open his heart . 
OTC is not letting me register for classes . Any takers ? I think its because my advisor hasn't allowed me too yet . 
was not equipped with a mathematical brain . 
my mind just kicked into gear ! I should sleep , but I won't . 
truly enjoys learning . 
has completed a very important task . 
< PROPMALE > Red < PROPFIRST > Burger ... here I come ! 
has new shoes and its about time because the others just look nasty ! 
Robot Chicken , can < PROPMALE > Green ever fail ? 
\Its like that strippy bag is mocking me ... F *** you strippy bag ! \"" 
what is holding me back ? 
forgets his place far too often . 
12 hours of sleep and one of the coolest dreams he has ever had . 
doesn't know if he is up for this writing therapy he is trying ... I feel sappy . 
knows he still has a heart if he feels this bad for missing a class . 
would like to be the one to begin a complete government makeover . 
is the essence of instinct , but the epitomy of control . 
this was a busy day that most definitly didn't feel like a Saturday . 
has some catching up to do . 
I am wondering what I should have for dinner ... any suggestions ?! 
knows that God is always watching . In other news I watched Interview with a Vampire this evening and it was alright . 
' s break starts in approximately four hours . 
I have seen this place many times before . 
just needs someone to talk too . 
perhaps tomorrow . 
is thinking about saying goodbye to facebook for a long while . 
Death of a Salesman is an amazing show . 
is starting to realize that it isn't what you say that counts , but what I believe that does . 
is tired of the way he has been living and these feelings , but I need your help ... I can't do this alone ! I'm asking for help . 
thinks he has found his niche in life , its a great one I believe ! 
is getting back into his Killers addiction ! I don't know why I quit ... it feels so good ! 
' s mind is a jungle gym . 
knew a man of constant sorrows . 
\At least I'm an orange ! \"" 
< PROPMALE > Gaffigan is so much better than sleep . 
I'm leaving alot of tomorrow on faith so ... let's do this . 
is lucky enough to win two free tickets to the Bahama's , but not enough to get the tickets in time , hahaha ! 
For Thy Sweet Love remembered such wealth brings . I scorn to change my state with kings ! \ " , 2009-12-01 04:06:44 " 
is happy . 
you are Always On My Mind . 
is going to call it a night . I hope everyone has a goodnight/early morning and day . I have some powerpoints to make tomorrow . fun , fun . 
paper on native american culture and theatre ... check . 
needs to take a shower , but the hot water has been momentarily shut off . 
auditions ... haven't done this in a while . 
I think auditions went really well . I guess we'll see . 
thinks its a sign that you have written enough when your printer runs out of paper just when your last sheet printed . I'm going to bed now . 
and so the wheels of life are set on there course , directed and guided by force . 
at times like this I wish I didn't have to work . But I have been expertly trained in problem solving so its more of an irritation than it is a situation . 
is so very hungry ! 
has so many things to do ! I enjoy it , but I feel that it may collapse . 
Round 2 . Fight ! 
is constantly reminded of it all and that's why I am afraid . 
thinks it is time for him to go to bed . I think this is going to be the best character yet . I can't wait . 
< PROPFEMALE > soon ! I'm going to get some lunch and then do some homework . 
just checked itunes and they have the first three seasons of < PROPFEMALE > ! I could watch them anywhere I wanted ! 
PowerPoint ... complete ! 
devoured his delightfully delectable dinner . Ha ! 
is listening to Cake and wishing for a Dr. Pepper , but alas I cannot have one , but do not fear I shall survive this severe drought . 
I think it's time to leave this day behind , goodnight everyone . 
can now treat depression ! Who said you had to go to college ?! 
is thinking about having eggs on toast for dinner . That sounds delicious right now . 
needs to work on his egg frying ability . 
hopes tomorrow goes well for everyone . 
is one of the luckiest people you will meet . Thank you . 
I wonder if I'll ever stop thinking ... I suppose that should be about the time the world implodes . 
time to examine how far I have come , again . These days get old . 
is always in such a strange mood . 
almost time for work . 
I've thought about some things and he is going to fix them . 
< PROPFEMALE > skies and music are inspiring me to be a better person . 
is done with part of his English final . 
one more final . 
my theme song is playing in the background . 
is lost in thought . 
' night . 
is done . 
Seeing as it is hard for me to depict my feelings with written words I guess I'll translate through song , and since I can't write I'm using the band Nightwish as my voice . I have two posts that together show what I feel like right now . 
well back to that distraction called Bleach . 
where did this headache come from ? 
g'night . 
is nothing . 
isn't afraid anymore . 
Yeah , it's time . 
is hungry . 
I am so much like him even before I knew I was , I was . 
I beg you to read my note . I did what I never thought I would ever be able to do and the note itself is long and pitiful , but this is who I am ... just read it whenever you can ... thank you . 
shower . food . 
is out there trying to find himself in here . 
has found the bass line and it's time to dance to his own rhythm . 
wishes you all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
never knows how to react . 
is beginning to see that their are those who build the roads , and their are those who walk upon them . I am the last . 
my video game collection is much larger now ... my thirst is almost satisfied . 
has had the same dream twice he feels , the second was more intense and indepth than the first though . Oh ! and Sherlock Holmes was amazing . 
is waiting for something inportant ... I just don't know what that is yet , but it's keeping me up far too late . 
is at ease . 
will never let him get that close again . 
needs a better hi-liter . 
one day in and I feel enlightened already . 
blessed are they who mourn , for they will be comforted . 
Making myself happy to make others happy ? Absurd ! 
time to change . Hahaha , I toss that phrase around like pocket change ... get it ?! 
is calm once again . I do love these times . 
forgot how good a genuine smile feels . 
just realizing that little fact has made a world of difference . 
is beginning to translate . 
the anxious feelings have been replaced with something else . 
has an idea . 
is gettin ' him some Canton . 
is exactly where he is suppose to be . 
needs to purchase headphones .... and not break them this time ... hopefully . 
' s new drug ! Coheed and Cambria ... all of it ! 
The weather is making me think strange(r ) thoughts than usual . 
it's difficult walking through the muck . 
\I guess you can never predict those kind of things . \ " \ " I guess not ... \"" 
is finding out the source of his happiness , or what I know will be my happiness eventually and I pray to God that it comes to this . 
So I take the quiz only to find out that I am four different personalities combined ... so much for being simple . 
Well I guess I'll go to bed now . Night . 
has dreams . 
forgets that he shoots himself in the foot . 
thank you , everyone , for your birthday wishes . I love you all . 
why can't I explain my feelings ? Surely they can't be this complex . 
moment of clarity . 
is so much like Angel it isn't funny . 
So long as I think I will question . 
I suppose now I should analyze myself . 
is becoming reclusive again ... that needs to be stopped . 
we are a strange sort of creatures , us humans . 
You'd think that since I'm bored I would go to bed , but I'm not ... that's all . 
actually I will go to bed , g'night . 
is peaceful . 
is stronger than the storm ! 
will constantly try his luck with kindness and honesty . 
what a great way to spend a night . 
The world doesn't allow me to thoroughly determine each step so I'm stuck with very calculated risks , in hopes that the mine doesn't trigger . 
felt like there should've been more . 
would describe himself as Acceptance . 
< PROPMALE > Jervais is probably THE funniest comic I have ever heard . 
< PROPMALE>'s Inferno is going to be my next game purchase . 
What can I say ? You were right . 
is going to play him some < PROPMALE>'s Inferno . 
I'm extremely tired . Sleep . 
Happy Valentines Day everyone . 
Hell is kicking my face in ! 
is glad he remembers your face . 
would like to know which branch of Science allows the existence of imaginary < PROPFIRST > ? 
today was a good day ... beautiful and relaxing . 
I can feel Spring right around the corner . 
G'night . 
nothing beats a tapping baby . 
March 1st couldn't come any faster , could it ? 
lines are in the final stages of memorization . 
I'm thinking about making Psych as my new show adventure . 
Psych it is ! 
can't wait for rehearsals tonight ... its been too long my old friend . 
I would say facebook becomes depressing when you go to your school to the place where you had classes first semester , log on to the computer , go to facebook and your login e-mail address is the one that the computer remembers . 
\Can I have it ? Can I ? Can I have yo numbah ? \"" 
my mind won't let me sleep . 
consistency would be nice . 
Cinnamon Toast Crunch . 
thinks he has decided on a < PROPMALE > . 
I have to say the Mad Hatter was amazing , but I thoroughly enjoyed < PROPMALE > the Cat . < PROPFEMALE > wasn't half bad either . 
truly can't wait for Sherlock Holmes to come out on DVD . 
Always starts out with a bang . 
needs some time to think . 
wishes that he didn't find Psychology so boring , I am not motivated AT ALL to read it , even the consequences don't frigthen me enough to do it . 
One of the best ways to spend an afternoon . 
For the first time I feel like doing what I want to do . 
g'night , folks . 
I'm only quiet when I have an opinion . 
The situation itself was nothing , but the meaning behind the decision was everything . 
My mind flips upside down and the world turns with it . 
is anyone willing to let me borrow their Breaking < PROPMALE > CD , that I might burn it and enjoy it daily ? 
That feeling of failure creeps into my mind . 
And if the answer is subjective ? Then its best if we leave it alone . 
is at a crossroad in more ways than one . 
my phone is temporarily incompacitated . 
is thinking . 
shaved and forgot how his faced looked without hair on it . I'm liking it . 
has too much time on his hands . 
would like to do something this evening . 
feels as if he relates to House . Perhaps it's just wishful thinking . 
\Textbook narcissism ?... Agreed . \"" 
Magnet , malice , < PROPFEMALE > , masterful , momentous , malignent , muggle , minute , mime , malfunction , mindful , maximum , mantle , momentum . 
The Decemberists are becoming a top favorite of mine . 
Kickass at 10:10 ? 
pretty < PROPFEMALE > . 
Shouldn't being so close give so much more motivation than it has ? 
Here we go . 
brings your thoughts to an abrupt halt . Three . Two . One . Now . 
\Funny ... that's the last thing I want us to become . \"" 
thinks he has found the last question . 
First year of college . Complete . 
A Very Potter Roadtrip was cancelled !? Nah , I knew . 
It's good to get away from my thoughts . 
I suppose it's time to start rebuilding . 
is done planning things . Too much work . 
I have become resistant to all poisons . 
needs to get some Postal Service back in his life . 
wishes to do something this evening . 
I beat the plant thing ! 
House is amazing . 
I think I need a change of scenery . 
it's times like these ... where I just feel like ' fail ' . 
< PROPFIRST > Darko . Yes . 
is goin ' swimmin ' . 
The Strokes remedies almost all the effects of every diesease . 
My skull hurts . 
\Why are you wearing that man suit ? \"" 
274 ! 
vivid dreams . 
is enjoying his new found friend MGMT I hope this relationship can < PROPFEMALE > . We'll see . 
Irrational fears ? 
\All of my life I've only been able to breath through one nostril !... Today is no exception ! \"" 
I suppose I could be lying to myself . 
Better than I thought it'd be . I fit in rather nice . 
I have so many things that I wish to say . 
feels over-protected . 
Last nights dream was just weird . 
Fireworks were amazing . Lighting up the night sky . 
Despicable Me was a great movie . 
is in over his head . 
I wish I knew some of the names to these songs . 
I wonder if you think I'm better than you . I'm not . 
Strange dream . 
Inception = Amazing . 
2nd time around = even better than amazing . 
My phone is dead , has been and may be for a while . 
There are just some battles I can never win . 
Eminem raps about my life . 
May get to go to this concert in Kansas City today ... I'm working on it , anyway . 
Alright , well let's get this worked out . 
First concert : B\ 
Everyone around our group were just insane . 
I curse my lack of blank CD-RW's . I need more music , always more music . 
I'm more bored than I thought I was before . 
I'm in Limbo . 
Living with other people is strange . 
I now know of a website that streams House constantly . The websites name is Justin.tv/welcometohouse . 
My first car crash . My car is trashed , hahaha . 
Fall semester : OTC . Spring semester : Drury . 
I don't usually reminisce , but watching Hamlet does bring back memories . 
I'm trapped under a layer of nostalgia ! 
Questions , questions , questions . 
wouldn't mind getting out of the house this evening . There are a few movies I would like to see . 
The Other Guys , 7 or 7:30 at Hollywood . 
Nobody puts Gator down , nobody ! You hear me !? 
I need to start writing things down . 
You learned how to dance ballet out of sarcasm ? 
I'm extremely glad I was introduced to Beirut . Thank you . 
Didn't take a shower all day . I haven't found a status this meaningful in days ! 
I listen to the sound of scissors opening and closing in my free time ... It's pretty exciting . My status block is over . 
Sooooooo ... I needs me some knowledge . 
Chalk another up into the strange dream column . I'd give it an 8 on the ' off the wall ' scale . 
I feel like Sherlock Holmes ( just the eccentric part of him though ) . 
I gotst me some new music . 
A rationalization is no longer a rationalization once it's proven true , it's either a delusion or fact . The only way to prove a rationalization is for it to be true , but if true is just as much a conjecture as a rationalization , then a rationalization can not be anything , but that , right ? 
I should be asleep , but I don't think I am , that's strange . 
Happiness . 
Time to do some Anatomy . 
House Quote's 101 ; #2 of ? : \He drilled a hole in your skull after drinking your pee . I think he's up for this . \"" 
Who wants to play golf ? :D 
House Quote's 101 ; #4 of ? : Taub - \Assuming you're right . \ " \ 
I got rid of the cough , now on to the runny nose ... 
House Quote's 101 ; #6 of ? : \Started thinking about what you said ; about me obsessing ; started obsessing about obsessing . \"" 
I think Salad Fingers should be turned into a puzzle game . 
All that wasted time ... Simply astounding . Moving on . 
Extremely restful sleep . Good work , team . 
See . The thing is ... I'm not exactly sure when I need to ask for help . Is it before I fall on my face , is it as I'm falling on my face , or is it when I'm trying to get up from falling on my face ? 
Perhaps I should say nothing at all ? I'm too awkward for these social ways . 
Lessons I learned today \Avoid walking during periods of harsh rain . \"" 
Why is it not Friday yet ? 
I have too much time on my hands . 
This too shall pass . 
What beautiful madness be this , that can distinguish itself from bliss ? 
I may be Buddhist . 
I'm so glad that House's relationship is going to last more than one episode . 
The weekend has come to its end . I had a good one though ; hopefully this week will feel like nothing . 
I have a new aim . 
Sending a facebook friend invitation is like asking permission to stalk that person . 
How many bridges have I burnt ? I was gravely mistaken , no offenses were meant , but several lay in ruin . 
Takin ' a break from studin ' Anatomy . I'm surprised how much I remember off hand and how easily it's refreshed . This is a great turn of events . 
\How have you been ? I've been Reeeeaaally busy being dead . \ " - Glados " 
I am off to OTC for my only glass of the day , that being .... CHEMISTRY ! I love it . 
There is a halo around the < PROPFEMALE > . It's beautiful . 
I don't have to work this entire weekend ! Do something ? I think so ? Yes ? 
\In the middle of the journey of our life\ 
My 3G works ! 
I need to sleep . Today has ... been strange . We'll see what happens tomorrow . 
I cannot focus . 
Rock Band 3 !!!!!!!! 
If I pretend to like it , it becomes true , right ? 
It doesn't ever seem to get easier . 
I need an alarm to tell me to turn on my alarm . 
An example on the relativity of time . A day has a finite amount of time during which the sun is out . Yet , the time in between each second is uncountable as it is infinite ( the latter forces you to work with fractions ) . 
It would seem I'm in somewhat of a rut . 
\As he slowly entered into the inner castle he felt the rustling of a history that had a thousand years to grow into what he saw today . Statues of every memory that he had created . He was a step closer to the roots that disturbed his peace . \"" 
\Ooh I want you 
\It's too late to change your mind you let loss be your guide \"" 
Is likened to a square < PROPFEMALE > being put into a round hole . 
Could we by < PROPMALE > just skip Tuesdays and Thursdays ? 
I find it funny when 60 million years is considered new . 
I've made up my mind . 
I'm developing a resolve . A fire is being lit . 
The beauty of silence . 
Sleep well , and don't let this world ever fool you . Its ways are not as important as we all wish them to be . I love you , this is a Truth . 
I understand my errors in almost every aspect of life . Anatomy does that to you . 
This ocean is far shallower than it appears . 
Droid brings up a good point . How would you react to a snowman that turned/actually into/was an android ? 
I try , I apologize . I'm not good at fitting in the puzzle . 
I wish to talk to you . 
Solitary confinement . Keep myself locked away . A cold , barren wasteland is all you will see in my eyes . Nothingness is what we deserve . And you will receive nothing from me . 
I think it's time to remove some masks . 
We're all puppets , < PROPFEMALE > . I'm just a puppet who can see the strings . - Dr. Manhattan 
My mind is reeling with theories . 
What's the point of a choice if you can't choose it ? 
\It commences when you surprise me with the information that you and Dreiburg have been sleeping together . \ " \ 
It's over folks . 
I have these words , but no one to speak them to . I think I wanna take up photography . 
Either the feeling has always been there , or it never was there . Anything further would be an assumption . I'll wait for the right question to be asked . 
We remember the unresolved past , we look towards the unforeseen future , and get lost in the ever knowing present . Which is best ? 
Manipulation of our surroundings is by far the most effective way to manipulate ourselves . 
I have so many ambiguous feelings . Decide ! 
There was a reason to my madness , but once that left so did it . 
\Merry Christmas ! \"- Me " 
Too complex . Simplify the situations to a bare boned , back breaking understanding . Mumbo jumbo ... Don't listen to the crazies . 
You are . 
Catalyst , or contortionist ? 
Oprah has left NBC and now has her own network . Very tricky . 
Why are the memorable moments about two years ago ? I guess I wasn't interesting enough last year ! I feel like I've been issued a challenge . 
Creation is born from conflict . 
I just unlocked ' life ' on the Alchemy app ., hahaha . 
I have come to a most ingenious insight . I never thought about why introspection could be detrimental to me , until I realized I get bored fairly easily . In which case I got bored with myself . 
It's impossibly difficult . What is ? Avoiding getting lost within yourself . Ah , too true keep your thoughts out where they can't possibly hide . Will do , I appreciate the thought . 
I'm doing well . 
Time hides nothing . 
And that's how it's done . Good work everyone . 
\You might've heard of my name ? It's also a noun . \"" 
Thank you everyone for your wishes . I appreciate them all ! 
I am beyond lucky . 
I get dis- ... * runs off * 
Some words we say we regret , others we regret we didn't say earlier . In a blink of an eye you have a conundrum . Which one would you regret the most ? 
So ... Here's the deal . I need external stimulus . That means talking to me , that means keeping my mind flowing , thoughts being said , opinions being made , ideas being criticized . Anything that keeps me from introspecting . I need to be in an environment where I can be wrong ( a.k.a. not within myself ) . 
Who isn't doing his homework ? Me . 
I want to order a game from gamestop and see if they deliver it through the storm . 
I will admit ... I'm a little biased against sanity . 
Boredom < PROPFEMALE > its ugly head and is digesting my thoughts . 
The rurality of OTC is amazing . 
Stumbleupon is my new friend . 
I think I'm done re-opening old wounds . I've been raw for too long . 
Control is often forced , and not learned ... This is why < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue rarely understood . 
The < PROPMALE > of the double tap I find is essential to Dead Space 2 . 
I doubt myself , but then I realize I'm amazing , then I smile again :) . 
I've been self-actualizing this whole time . 
Huh . It seems my legs have gotten used to running . 
I never seem to touch the ground unless I've fallen . 
Where would I go about purchasing a white board ? 
If there is one thing I've mastered it'd be wasting time . 
Case studies are only fun when you aren't given the answer . I want to properly misdiagnose someone on my own ! 
Not enough cash ! 
That's a peculiar thought . 
I can dream some pretty strange , depressing things . 
My eyes close with such soft melodies ringing through my ears . 
I am done . 
I have the pacing of a wolverine . 
Need .... Human * static * connections !!! 
I understand why I like diagnosing people in Abnormal Psych . It's my way of openly communicating my opinions and thoughts with verifiable facts that can be disproven only by verifiable facts ! It's how I think ! More people need to talk back to me . 
Such revelations cannot be taken lightly . The knowledge I now possess must be acted upon . 
Gotta dog now . Need to name it . 
Can you see into a blind man's soul ? 
I want to be an ethics teacher . :) Messing with the human conscience sounds entertaining ... Once you get past the sadism . 
Am I too honest ? 
I feel a note-uh-brewin ' . 
Baby steps . 
Cannonball . 
I'm about to enter Dead Space with my friend < PROPMALE > Folds close by my side ! 
Let's finish this semester off and get to the good stuff ! Most eventful Spring Break to date :) . 
I'd say something here , but I'm saying it all to you :) . 
I'm exactly where I need to be , or rather where I want to be . 
There is no better way to spend my time :) . 
< PROPFIRST > the third was amazing . 
Beautiful night . 
New music , new thoughts . Feels good . 
I think I could listen to The Killers forever . 
This play is going to turn out wonderful . 
What can't < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > do ? * sigh * 
Waking up with coheed and cambria . 
One week . 
I should watch more documentaries , I really enjoy them . 
The Graveyard Near The House - Airborne Toxic Event . Favorite song . 
Halfway there . 
One last < PROPMALE > . Gotta make it count . 
I don't listen to Linkin Park enough . 
House on meth ? Sounds fun . 
That was a nice surprise :) . 
It felt good to work again . 
Well , I guess it's about time we got a new computer ... Since this one just crashed . About those papers ... 
Reporting in from my MacBook . :D 
I can FaceTime chat now . Message me if you'd like my contact number . 
