is growing up . anybody care to join ? 

thinks it's pathetic when people are SO desperate . Going to work ! 
loves lifeee . everything is turning out to be the way its suppose to :D 
i lovee life :) 
i loveeee my life ! 5 dayssssssssssss 
misses < PROPFEMALE > :( 
fml 
birthday is saturdayyyyyy ! 
its my birthdayyyyyyyyyy ! 
can't wait for the day people grow up and then look back at how stupid they were 
shes got her daddy's tongue and temper , sometimes her mouth could use a filter , God shook his head the day he built her ; oh , but i bet he smiled 
i like the way you still say please while your looking up at me , your like my favorite damn disease 
gets her tattoo in the morning 
Feels really sick .. doesnt see the point in staying at school for a 30 minute test 
fmlll . 
ready for more tattoos :) 
GettiNg another tattoo today hell to the yeah 
quite frankly my dear , i don't give a damn . - < PROPMALE > Butler 
One more day of school hell yeah 
people really irritate me . 
Hey now you're an All < PROPFEMALE > get your game on , go play , Hey now you're a Rock < PROPFEMALE > get the show on get paid and all that glitters is gold only shooting stars break the mold . 
can't wait until tomorrow :) 
why do things change ? why can't they stay the same ? 
well this blows . 
is getting my tattoo in exactly an hour and a half :) 
facebook : a new way for people to publish all their problems for attention . Get a life , nobody cares . 
doesn't understand why people think i won't get married because of my tattoos . if i ever find a man that doesn't like my tattoos , chances are he couldn't < PROPFEMALE > with me anyway . 
At the movies with < PROPFIRST > and mom :) 
killed a chicken on my way home :( 
hates not getting service anywhere 
and then you really might know what its like . 
Boredd 
i wish i could say things outloud as good as i said it in my head . 
bored as shit . 
& i feel that times a wasted go , so where ya going till tomorrow ? & i see that these are lies to come , so would you even care ? 
love is , is what i got :) 
Got my belly button pierced :) 
its hot as hell 
shalalala 
Hangin out text me ! 
Full time sinner , part time saint 
oh the landlord called , the rent is due i spent it all on a KISS tattoo- hey , i'm rock and roll alll night . 
going to < PROPFEMALE > out :) text meee ! 
if i could write you a song to make you fall in love i would already have you right under my arm , i used up all of my tricks i hope that you like this but you probably won't you think your cooler then me . 
getting ready and then leaving :) text me ! 
thats alright because i love the way you lie . 
Ugh im so damn frustrated 
Yeah nigga yeah 
Can't sleep again :\\ 
ya girl stay fresh than a bitch , they lookin at my moves tryna still a niggas shiittt 
really starting to get pissed off . 
Just rescued a beer that was trapped in the fridge ! 
with < PROPFEMALE > 
Man fuck these bitches , i swear i care abt everything but these bitches . 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn , but thats alright because I like the way it hurts . Just gonna stand there and watch me cry , but thats alright because I love the way you lie , I love the way you lie . 
fight the break of < PROPFEMALE > , come tomorrow-tomorrow ill be gone . 
die nigga die 
she's got her daddy's tongue and temper , sometimes her mouth could use a filter . God shook his head the day he built her-oh , but i bet he smiled . 
will get sleeves of tattoos one day . watch and see :) 
fucking whores man i swear just hoes in general can't stand them just go to the clinic man get your life turned around before its too late 
Give me the beat boys and free my soul i wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift away 
Tore down going to sleep 
I love my life , i'm so happy . 
if you want to talk shit abt me behind my back , while your back there why don't you go ahead and kiss my fucking ass . 
I love you < PROPFIRST > Daniels , but i think its time we break up . 
God < PROPMALE > Me the Serenity to Accept the things I cannot change . The courage to Change the things I can . And the Wisdom to Know The Difference . 
She said I don't know if I've ever been good enough , I'm a litle bit < PROPMALE > and I think my head is caving in . And I don't know if i've ever been really loved , by a hand thats touched me , well i feel like somethings gonna give and im a little bit angry . 
gettin readyy for pictures with the family ! i miss you baby :) 
Fuck this shit 
out of sight out of mind . 
' what you doing reading a book on the damn beach ? ' *gives pissed off look * ' oh shit nevermind go ahead and get your accelerated reading points then . ' 
Im allergic to cheatin , I hate failure and I am in love with achievement . 
job time yay . 
Kicked ass in badmitton ready for a shower 
Chitty chitty baby when your nose is in the nitty gritty life could be a little sweet but life could be a little shitty . Tell me baby , whats your story ? Where you come from and where you wanna go this time ? Tell me lover , are you lonely ? 
i hit the highhwayyy makin money the flyyy waayy but theres gotta be a better way 
this shit right here nigga 
Just ain't enough good burn in taquilla , she needs somethin with a little more edge and a little more pain ; she's my little whiskey girl , my ragged-on-the-edges girl- ah , but I like ' em rough . 
people piss me off 
< PROPFEMALE > is a bitch . 
Accept everything about yourself-I mean everything , you are you and that is the beginning and the end-no regrets , no apologies . 
you gotta risk it to get the biscuit . 
i miss you :/ 
Life is 10% percent what you make it and 90% how you take it . 
drinking a beer and cleaning the house :) Gonna be a good day . 
Remember , 9 times out of 10 , it's exactly what it looks like . 
I hate it when you can't sleep because your thinking too much . 
I really hate it when your so good to people and they take you for granted and stab you in the back . Fucking bitches . 
It's tricky to rock a rhyme , to rock a rhyme that's right on time ; It's tricky , tr-tr-tricky . 
I think pimp , therefore I am . 
hell has no fury like a woman scorned . 
\Promises mean everything when your little and the world is so big ; I just don't understand how you can smile with all those tears in your eyes and tell me everything is wonderful now . \"" 
Why would I bother beating your ass when I could just sneeze on you and let your AIDS kill you instead ? 
Is neverrr going to be able to go to sleep :( 
Is needing another tattoo ... realllly badd . 
about to go eat at tokyo with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
You think I'm weak - but I think you're wrong . 
is ready for tomorrow to be here . 
You know i dont give a fuck what you think or say cuz I dont like this whole place anyway 
The truth hurts , but lies will kill you . 
3 hours until my birthday hell to the yeah :) 
Never apologize for saying what you feel . Thats like apologizing for being real . 
you just can't trust anyone anymore . 
You are the only exception . 
Pain is inevitable . Suffering is optional . 
gets her pontiac solstice tomorrow :) 
thinks people should start trying to grow up and see life how it is now , because when reality hits you your going to wish you hadn't been so sheltered . 
Hopes everything starts getting better ! 
I love you kcb :) 
Gotta love a fake fucking bitch . 
No braces :) 
Men are whores . 
Loves her wonderl boyfriend caleb :) 
Chilling ran out of gas on the side of the road ha 
Home alone again tonight what to do what to do 
your sketchy . 
You should have your own travel agent because your a trip , you should make your own toilet paper since you the shit . 
