wishes i could breath better .... i hate stupid allergies 

yay ... the week is almost half over ............ 
the day is half over ..... the week went better than i was expecting .... thank goodness 
felt so good to sleep in .... 
well got to go to work at 6:30 in the morning ... fun fun fun 
is home and should probably go to bed ... going to be to tired to function at work ... but oh well 
has to go to work at 7:30 .... ugh not looking foward to working all day but glad tomorrow is friday !!!! 
has to be at work at 7 tomorrow .... glad i wont be there on thursday and friday ... but working all day today and tomorrow will make up for that .... already tired 
is sooo sleepy ... 
this week is flying by ... thank goodness !!!! 
... we are all a little weird and life's a little weird , and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours , we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love 
is done with class until monday .... 
is ready for this week to be over with ..... 
watching Pride & Prejudice ... 
working on writing a paper about the health care reform :( 
yay ... done with my paper !!! 
watching \How I Met My Mother\ " then going to play softball " 
baked a tomato soup cake(yum ) and pumpkin pie , barnes and nobles with < PROPFIRST > , then thanksgiving dinner at church , now watching up .... good day 
bout to work out ..... then watch some tv ..... man im addicted to how i met your mother and big bang theory .... and starting to like accidently on purpose 
so ready for the week to be over ...... 
is about to take my last final .... but now i have the hiccups 
bout to go listen to the christmas music thing at church ..... 
I yelled at my dog in an elevator because Big Bird said too and hes my leader ....... 
so tired .... ready for the weekend 
enjoyed watching movies with < PROPFIRST > tonight ..... 
< PROPFEMALE > tired .... is this semester over with yet 
snow ... snow .. snow ... just wish i didnt have to go to work later 
about to start writing my stupid paper for my stupid computer class ... ugh 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I Love You , Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense , Never let your prayin knees get lazy And love like crazy 
so weird to be at home right now ... glad to have the afternoon off ... i am so tired 
wherever you go , no matter what the weather , always bring your own sunshine 
You've got to take the good with the bad , smile with the sad , love what you've got , and remember what you had . Always forgive , but never forget . Learn from mistakes , but never regret . 
In a world of nonsense , everything something is , it isn't , everything it would be wouldn't , and everything it wasn't , was . 
going to bed ... spanish test in the morning that im not feeling too good about 
can friday hurry up and be over 
so proud of my lil brother and his baseball team ... they came back and won and he got the winning run ..... go shockers !!!! 
i am about to shoot < PROPFEMALE > McCormick right now .... does anybody mind ???? 
so ready for these last 3 weeks to be over ..... 
mowed the backyard .... and now watching < PROPMALE > and th chipmunks the squeakquel 
< PROPFEMALE > wei ..... yumm 
would you catch a couple thousand fireflies and put them in a lamp to light my world ??? 
watching a lot like love .... mad that i have to go back to work before its over 
sleep through the storm .... woke up and havent had power since midnight .... trampolean flew over our fence and onto the neighbors yard and just barely missed his truck ..... now to go eat some breakfast 
< PROPFEMALE > tired ... ready for the weekend 
sooo sleepy ... finally done with defensive driving ... now off to bed 
Bout to watch shrek forever after in 3d 
Dr pepper museum and zoo with my brother now I am starving but it was fun 
Went to the dr for my bug bite and turns out it's infected .... dr sure was happy about that ... He said to come back with more fun stuff like that .... glad someone enjoyed my bug bite 
You own me with whispers like poetry , Your mouth is a < PROPFEMALE > i memorize , So sweet I hear it < PROPFEMALE > everwhere I go Day and night ..... youre my favorite song , always on the tip of my tongue 
bout to shower then rest for a bit and get ready for a long drive and start of vacation ..... 
Off for day 2 of dc 
Bout to head out to go see Arlington National Cemetary .... 
watching the < PROPFEMALE > and the frog .... 
Never try to teach a pig to sing .... it wastes\ 
your time and annoys the pig . 
Go carts and putt ...... 
Only an hr and a half left of school for the day .... but then off to work .... so sleepy 
so worn out ... and the week is not over yet 
At class .... ready for these 3hrs to go by ..... 
\don't throw the baby out with the bathwater\ " ... bob ford chemistry instructor " 
Baseball this morning .... then headed off to church 
Headed home ..... I'm super exhausted today 
Umm ... twizzlers 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > for keeping me on my stupid geology paper and making me finish it so i can get a good grade .... 
Watching how to train a dragon 
Just gutted my brothers pumpkin .... 
Have the hiccups .... ughh 
Making pumpkin seeds ... yum 
Well my hiccups keep coming back ... this is so annoying 
Is at the Waco mammoth exhibit 
At Robinson watching my brother play some basketball 
So ready to get this statistics test over with .... wish I knew some of this stuff 
Only about 4 more hours til we reach our destination ..... so tired 
Yay .... have about an hour until we are home !!!! 
Watching Beauty and the Beast .... I love this movie 
Headed out to Gatesville to watch my brother play basketball ..... 
So glad to be done with statistics and geology .... Ugh I will not miss those two classes at all 
Hide not your talents . They for use were made . What’s a sundial in the shade . ” --------------- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Well yesterday I woke up late thinking I didn't have class , and today I woke up super early thinking I did have class .... then I looked at my schedule and realized I had it all backwards 
\Don't ever let your enthusiasm go away -- let it only be contagious . \ " ~ Dr. < PROPFEMALE > Mowry " 
I love watching phineas and ferb 
Whoop , GO PACK 
