Hoping the new year brings the blessings you deserve to all of my friends and family !!! \ 
My New Year Resolution is ~ TO HAVE MORE FUN !! ~ I am going to make the best of the time I have left ~ 

Why do I clean when it looks worse an hour later ? 
wishes that if things have to change it would be for the better . 
Why do I let myself get suckered into joining these games and then no one is playing so I don't get any goodies !!! 
Time to do more cleaning so I can get ready for another busy week . I finally see the reason for so much going on ..... 
Feeling a bit unwanted and underloved so Getting ready to go out and try to get over the funk . Maybe we will even get to dance tonight ..... that would make it all better . 
Monday morning and I'm already a day behind !! 
I feel like the walking dead have more life than I do at the moment . 
Another day of too much to do and too little time . Have too many places to go before work and only 2 hours to get there . if only I was ready to go it might be possible !! I DON'T WANT TO MOVE-it hurts too much . Maybe I will see my name in the obits tomorrow so I can rest ! 
I DARE YOU TO BE HONEST !!! Let's see how forthcoming my friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
going to the kitchen to cook-so I will have my back turned if anyone wats to talk about me-besides you might need to give someone else a rest ! 
Its almost time for work and I don't want to go . Maybe the morning will be busy and the evening will be slow-at least the 2nd one is not too stressful most of the time 
This week I will be at work every morning from 9am-2pm (?) and Tuesday , Wednesday , and Thursday from 3pm- 9:30 pm so if you can't get ahold of me just leave a message and I will try to get back to you between 6am-8am and 10pm-1am . Meanwhile ya'll try to play nice !!! 
I want GOLD- wht isn't anyone ever playing FV when I could get stuff ?? WHINE WHINE WHINE Did I mention I need GOLD ? 10 more and I get my CASTLE ~~~~ PLEASE !!!!!! 
YESSSSS GOT MY CASTLE !!!!!!!!!!! 
SMOKE BREAK 
All I need are 2 slate , 2 bricks , and 2 boards !!! Help me 
A long day between eye surgery , work , and several very sick friends .... maybe tomorrow will be better . 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > Thank you for all you gave us 
got home at 10:30 tonight cause I hurried- have to open at 6:30 in the morning so guess I'll hit the bed instead of eating ~ goodnite all- play nice till I get time to come up for air again . 
If I make it through this week-next week may just kick my ass ! Taxes should have to be done on April Fools day ~ its more fitting !!!!! 
There are none so blind as those who refuse to see ! Since I can't force you to see the truth- I will hope that you open your eyes before it is too late ! You can only be that stupid for so long- but the price you end up paying may be more than you can handle . Sadly- others are paying even more for your stupidity than you ever will ! 
Its very hard to pick your nose with a broke finger ......... 
wishing ....... 
is in a dark and gloomy place and really wish I could crawl in a little deeper-maybe later 
wants to know why do there have to be so many forks in the road of life- where we go a different way than the ones we love ?? 
think Goldilocks visited the bearcave today while momma bear and poppa bear were gone -- or maybe it was baby bear that came in ?? Too bad they didn't make thier visit known- they might have gotten what they came for !! 
thinks it is all a conspiracy-the cable company and Farmville are in cahoots !!!! How else could they both be so screwed up at the same time ??? Is it a secret government plot to force us couch potatoes to ( GASP ) get up and go do something ??? 
Sux when you learn how little you really matter -------- 
torture is having a < PROPMALE > bad itch on the part of your body that it tickles the most to touch !! 
The weekend sucked- did not get to do any of the fun things planned -- story of my life ! Sorry to anyone who actually noticed I was MIA -- abcess x 2 = life-fun 
has alot of introspection going on and most of it is emotionally painful- but I think in the end it will make my life less stressful . If I have hurt you or pissed you off I am truly sorry . I don't like to cause others pain- but sometimes I just feel too strongly about things to hold my peace . The more I care- the more I tend to voice my opinions 
I may not be the most beautiful , or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body .. I might not be everyone's first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not- because I'm good at being ME !! I may NOT be proud of some of the things I've done in the past but I'm proud of who I am today ! Take me as I am ..... or watch me as I walk away ! 
The worms crawl in-\ 
The worms crawl out ------ \ 
Its that time again !!!!!!! \ 
\ 
Party is a week early this year -- 23rd at 8pm until ???? -- combining < PROPFEMALE>'s 21st and Halloween \ 
See you there ! Bring camera ! 
Who is planning to go celebrate Halloween with us this year ??? We have to do Hardriders first and if enough of us are up to it- Hanger is next ! ( Look out < PROPFEMALE >!) Remember the costumes and camera- !!!!!! 
SICK SUX SLEAZY SNOT !!!! 
10-10-10 
21 years ago today- I was cooped up in a small room with lots of strangers-and 1 friend- they were all waiting for me to finish up my labor ... it was worth it ! \ 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
Tired of -- working too much-being sick-not being able to talk to friends-being broke-trying to clean a filthy house-lack of sleep-lack of ME time-nothing GOOD to eat - time getting away from me-putting up with stupid people-being confused by people I thought I knew-not being able to find anything- the ghosties playing games-trying to update my status-caring ... \ 
Please -- someone out there have a great day- its on me ! 
Thankful my guardian angels work overtime !! Not everyone comes out of a collision with deer in such good shape !! Just wish it had been any other vehicle- I am pissed I messed up the PURTY TRUCK ! 
Hoping my son has a good birthday !! 
Feeling Pale 
hiho hiho 
Well looks like all my bits got lost and the cow is busy chewing up all my goodies so I will go clean the house instead . Thanx Zinga-its bad enough I have to work tonight did ya have to screw my morning ?? 
Remembering when I met Marie ... sitting outside the store talking most of the night . 
Me and < PROPFIRST > - Wednesday afternoons with our gourmet coffee and biscotti and books ! 
Memories of me and < PROPFEMALE > picking up hitchhikers at the cemetary- and dropping MOST of them off before we got home ! 
Snow is starting to stick on the ground ! Thunder was trying to attack it when he went out-he didn't know what it was 
Here we go again !! Am hoping this mess waits till its time for me to get off at the first job and hits before the second one starts !!!!! 
fever is back up there-another LONG night 
well guess the boss was right when she said not to count on seeing her today ........ 
Thanks for all the help on my chicken coop- I couldn't do it without all of you !! 
I yelled at my dog sliding down a hill because the voices told me to !!!! 
