ok thanks neighbor for puttin on a good fireworks show but at 1 in the morning using illegal fireworks ? Uggh 

i attempting to smoke a pork butt wish me luck ... 
just had an amazing day off ... I have been cooking since 8:00 am this morning when I got up in the freezing weather to smoke a pork butt ... finished cleaning up at 8:00 pm ! day well spent ... ( I made collard greens ... smoked pork butt ( 10 hours ! ) and corn bread ... ) 
wants to be a good drummer but needs ALOT of work :( 
whos idea was it to give this 18 year old kid a pocket knife ... as of three days i have shaved a spot on my arm bald ... cut my palm ... and cut the inside of my lip eating shaved ice i shaved with my knife ... 
my hair ? 
painting my car ! geeze it takes alot of stinking paint ... UGGGH lol more paint equals more money ... 
well i could have bought two cymbals for my drumset but NOOO i had to buy tires for my truck instead ... 
in orlano at UCF graduation be back tuesday night peace ! 
yay for oreintation ! i now have my classes ! 
ap econ = 1 ( but the story i wrote instead of an essay was good shoulda been a 2 ) ... Ap european history = 3 ( woulda helped if my teacher stayed all year ) AP human GEO = 4 ( whatever ) AP gov = 3 ... ( enough said ... ) 
needs to remeber how to play sax so i can do marching band in college 
got my many hairs cut today ! 
for those of you all interested in he gory goings on in my life my drum set and the pants i was wearing are now blood spattered as i hit my knuckle on my snare rim and thought nothing of it only to find blood splatters everywhere ! yay to be an dumb like m 
yay financial aid finnaly went through i can breath again ... 
job interview at publix today wish me luck !!! uggh i already work here why do i have to interview AHHHH ... 
last wendsday in brooksville for a while ... 
I got a transfer to a publix near my college !!! YAYAYAY 
last night in B-ville < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! yay college 
counting < PROPMALE > the final hours of living in B-vile for a very long time !!! 
its official here i am ! yay for UCF 
dude why is the guy mowing the lawn outside of my dorm at 9:37 at night ? they woke me up this morning weed-whacking the same spot ...? 
I just thoroughly enjoyed myself for the first time in a while ! 
ya so i stepped into the theater survey classroom and walked into amazingness ! 
I just had a 16 minute class 10 minutes of which was a mad dash for 2 hand outs ... ask 200-300 kids to grab papers out of one box ??? was a great show though ! 
Just had the best run of my life !!! yes run !!! i just tempted fate and ran !!! i was siting here at my desk irritated that i couldn't run so i was like screw it i'm gonna go for a run ... and i did ! the istance was 2.64 < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!! i am so happy but tommorow i will be so sore ... ok so i didntjst get done it took me 15 mins and i started at 3 am finished at 3 15 !!! 
laundry txt me ... stinkin laundry 
Its truley a shame and it may sound lame but i cant stop rhyming its like im climbing a big tall ladder thats makin me phatter in the ways of the rhyme which i type one at a time . 
ran six < PROPMALE > today !!! i will feel that tommrow garented cause i also squatted today not heavy but enough ... 
doesnt want to get up at 6 for work tommorow 
really wants a decent camera :( so many great thngs to take pictures of here ... :( 
I AM GOING TO DIE ... work at 6 ... and well ... lets just have a fire in the building so < PROPFIRST > can not have sleep before work ... oh i still want a decent camera ( still so many great things to take pictures of here ) 
< PROPFIRST > Travers :'( Sadest news i have heard all year ... this makes me SADDD:'( 
YA so ... anybody wanna hook me up with an SLR digital camera ? LOL i kinda want one LOL 
this class would be an hour shorter if this idiot girl in class would stop asking unrelated what if questons and telling her life story . 
now has a night legal bike ! YAY 
I wish all of you all could be in my psych class right now ... we have a \subsitute professor\ " and he is the most monotone and Boring professor ever ... the class is sitting here in a state of shock ... you should see their faces ... nobody knows what to do ... " 
screw it 
going to go point and laugh at the tailgators 
is going to try and shop for groceries on his bike ... 
Dout the play tonight ! 
YAY for doubt ... the green in the principles office was The wrong color the light could have been slightly better and i HATE blackbox theater but .... It was still the best play i have ever seen !!! 
you know its REALLY bad when you litterally jump for joy because you found a maruchan instant lunch hidden away which means your dinner is no longer just popcorn and icecream ! oh and vanilla coke ! 
work ... 
yay for me ! got off work that i volunteered for at 11 35 last night ... and now i am ridding my bike to work at 6 because UCF has the home miami game and trafic is insaine so ... yay me ! work tilll 230 
i really need my road bike back home this hybrid is not cutting it ... 
yay went to publix and spent 40 dollars and saved 31 ! thats how i roll ! 
had a great 27 mile bike ride today hpwever i feel i may have over done it 
Just read the play \How I learned to drive\ " by < PROPFEMALE > vogel ... what a creepy messed up peodophiliac play ... cant believe this was assigned reading material LOL :-p granted it was good if u could get past all the creepy sexual refrences ... " 
ok Pirates of Penzance was AMAZING ! yay ! There is VERY little i can say negative about it ... 
just cleaned my wallet out from the past few days and had 4 asian choa recipts in it .... does that mean i am obssesed ? oh an happy < PROPMALE > potter day ! rip < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Potter it was 28 years ago this faitful day . 
Is it bad if I laughed today when the pastor said , we are too limp these days we need to stand up and be firm ? 
Shock : a sudden jarring impact . so why are shocks on cars called shocks ... that would be like calling an umbrella a rainer . 
The cool kids in college draw pirate ship wars on the sidewalk with bark and have cartwheel competitions !!! 
Shoot it appears i have misplaced my tuna :( 
I really want a unicycle ... !!! 
Im going to fall asleep now .. and wake me up when I am married with a wife have two kids and a steady job and no debt ... thanks ... 
I need somebody to teach me sign language ... better yet i need somebody to sign to me so i can pratice reading it . I can learn to deliver on my own ... but the reading it is what seems most difficult . 
why are 8 of my friends active on facebook at 4 am ??? 
I HATE starwars episode III Revenge of the Sith ... Nough said 
happy christmas 
i hope i dont burn the house down im having fun with some ( experimental cooking ... ) I.E. taking random things in the kitchen and trying to make different sauces and other things 
I'm sooo sad I broke the snare head on the snare drum that I have used since I was 11 :( I fell like I have lost a friend ... Ah oh well i guess 7 years of one snare drum head tuned as tight as that one was tuned is well above life expectancy ... time for a change ... 
In my apartment alone flipping channels drinking hot cocoa and sucking on < PROPFEMALE > canes ... I flipped to the channel to watch the ball drop with 8 seconds to spare ... work in the morning kinda bored ... happy new year ... 
I'm sick and tired of the food network being all obsessed with quick meal this and semi home made that ... I want to watch a show that actually teaches me real recipies that require skill and knowledge kinda like < PROPMALE > Brown's \Good Eats \"" 
Guess what I learned today while driving 2.5 hrs from home to UCF ... I have no heat in my truck and its 32 degrees outside ... I still cant feel my fingers and toes ... but I do feel ganster cause I used an oven mit on one hand and kept swiitching it to keep my hands warm ! 
anybody interested in watching an amazing French film watch Amelie . Its a brilliant piece ... All you french speaking people out there will like it ! 
very tempted to replace my own brake rotors ... very very tempted ... 
I HATE POLYNOMIALS they should all go die and never come back ... 
WOW im impressed I guess I shouldnt be impressed with my own cooking but !!!! that salmon was good ! I was very pleased with the meal I made in my microwave ! It was comprised of ... Slamon , zucchini in a seaseme seed soy sauce , black beans and rice , and Publix bread ! 
anybody know why there is a news helicopter hovering over the east end of Libra ? 
needs a hug 
anybody wanna join me on top of parking garage B at 420ish this morning to watch the last night time shuttle lauch ? 
Punxsutawney < PROPMALE > was right this cold isn't going away ... 42 right now UGGH ( for all my < PROPFEMALE > people remember this is Florida here ... ) 
whats that movie about the Vietnam war where like the kids find the dads stuff from the war ??? and its like really really sad ? anybody know ? 
I'm giving up school for lent ! 
Im so proud of myself i just made a hard boiled egg in my nuker ! 
Your spurting BS like you've been taking verbal Ex-lax ! 
Oh man I didn't realize ... I'm sooo glad that facebook add informed me that sexually active teens are more likely to get an STD ... and here I was all concerned I might get one ... 
Wow ! You know its been cold when me , a mostly acclimated Floridian , was burning up earlier because i had a sweat shirt on and it was 60 degrees outside ... 
So I have been awake for 49 hours with exactly 2.5 hrs of sleep !!! ( not cool ) 
I think its a LOVELY day to test out the new bike chain ! I just hope I made it the right length Otherwise Im not going to be going very far ... we'll i guess i better go before the sun sets ... OH WAIT time change I get more sunlight ! :-p 
Ok people so heres the freaking deal I know you lost an hour of sleep and all BUT ... Publix closes at 10PM not 10:05 , 10:15 , or what the freaking lady did tonight 10:55 FIVE stinking minutes short of an hour after the store closed thanks to her and the abnormal amount of people in the store well after closing time i got to stay until 1140 though ! More hours means more money seeing as i was scheduled to leave at 10:00 
It official I'm STUPID and I'm never going to graduate ... 
Its nice that they are having a party like 2 < PROPMALE > away from my dorm room whats not nice is hearing the party like it is 2 feet from my dorm room ... Am I a kill sport maybe ... 
well its not exactly on my mind as Facebook asked me but they are on my face ... I am now a member of the 4 eyes club ... 
Wow I just got the first A on a history test since I can't even remember when ! I love history ! I'm glad to know studying works for some classes ... 
I hate Saturday nights flipping drunk college kids SCREAMING outside my window as i am having a hard enough time trying to fall asleep so i can wake up EARLY tomorrow to play drums for church ... man do i sound like a grumpy old man :) 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > sing along night for me ! I love there music if only i could sing 
health care ? 
bike ride time today I think if its not too < PROPFEMALE > I might head out to the little econ ! 
That was pure brilliant ! I did a 21 mile bike ride today averaging 17mph ( slow but it was my first day back distance riding ) after 15 < PROPMALE > I went back and road over some of the trail looking for nature and found a 6-7 foot gator sunning them self . I got to within 10 feet of a baby gator ( was scared to get closer cause mom had to be near ) saw an iguana ? there not native are they ? and 3 bunnies ! and countless birds ! 
Thanks Obama , And imma let you finish but Canada had the best healthcare of all time ! 
I hate ROME it should have been left out of history ... 
Ok so my wish list ... clip-less pedals and shoes for my bike ... Cycling shorts/jersey ... a hydration pack ... and ALOT of places to ride ! 
wats a good movie to watch on a wet rainy Sunday evening ? 
I want to go fishing anybody know of a good spot close to UCF ? 
anybody have a Demetri < PROPFIRST > ticket that doesn't want to go ? 
I have the mostest awesome friend and she should know why ! 
Pretty sweet day ... rode my bike 41 < PROPMALE > then saw Demetri < PROPFIRST > at the arena ! 
this is the weirdest feeling ever ... I am craving a banana ... sine when have I craved healthy foods ? somebody help me ahhh ! 
off to work and then heading straight home ... wont be back on till sunday night ... can i go that long ... :-p 
Off to the gym to get slim , no im not doing it on a whim , i just want to be trim , then i'll come back and write a story in the style of jakob ludwig < PROPFIRST > grimm 
gym anyone ? 
Extremely upset ... Some Idiot freaking stole my bike ... Obviously i'm ticked that they stole my bike but what upsets me most is i cant go on my 40 < PROPMALE > bike rides anymore ... this was the tame version of this post ... 
about to try and run again for the first time in a long time outside the safe walls of the gyms soft floor on real world pavement cause some Idiot flipping stole my bike so a bike ride is out of the question and the gym is closed early on Saturdays ... 
anybody wanna go with me to see how to train your dragon ( or something else ) sometime this week I am in a movie need stage ... LOL 
anybody have any good vegetarian recipes/ meal ideas ? 
Where is my mom to stop me ? I am eating quartered potatoes with a knife ! 
nothing like a cold shower after a long hot workout ! 
an awful joke I made up at work today ... how do you fix an insane person ? Krazy glue . ... My humor is so corny I could fuel a car off of it . 
just ran 9 < PROPMALE > and walked the 10th ... not gonna lie kinda tired ... 
Do I Look Illegal ? 
Happy Voldemort defeat day ! Thanks too all wizards who contributed to the downfall of this vicious , vile , villain ... like the alliteration ... Voldemort , vicious , vile , villain ? 
whoa weird LOL , Yesterday in the break room at work a co worker was playing with one of those stupid silly bandz ... and he showed us he had a bulls horn hand sign , He then noticed it was fraying and started messing with it and it snapped , earlier that day < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio had died , the guy who made that sign popular at metal events , I like finding odd similarities/comparisons/ parallels in everyday life ! 
I dont think i like this birthday ... 18 sounds way cooler than 19 and being 19 means i'm in my last \teen\ " year ... :( but only 730 more days till I can drink ! " 
Thanks for the birth day wishes everybody ! ... Here are a random list of celebrities with my birth day ... Busta Rhymes , < PROPFIRST > Cocker , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > McCain ( bleh ) , and < PROPMALE > Kamakawiwo ? ole ! 
I am addicted to audio books ! If anybody wants to like get me an audio book :-p JK LOL 
Baking a funfetti cake with funfetti icing just because ! 
alright Magic you just gotta win this next game and then the next ... 
Magic aren't so magical after all ... :( well we shall prevail at a latter date ... :-p 
YAY finally a proud owner of a BOOM CAR !!! ... only took me 9 hrs to install given the 50 trips i had to take to places to get everything i needed to install it ... 
Coming to you live from a Linux OS ! If you cant fix a windows problem and your to cheap/lazy to obtain a new windows cd ... Install Linux ! at least I have a new OS to play around with on my second computer ... 
Forgive me and my immaturity right now ... but the world needs to know ... there is an Amazing Pianist named < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > .... 
Ok so how can I make some extra cash on top of my job ? LOL My bank account isn't growing fast enough for the coming school year ...??? now taking donations :-p LOL 
Flippin Food Stamps Tick ME OFF !!! ( unless they are used appropriately ) 
Xgames Totally screwed up Rally ... Im quite ashamed SO unorganized not thought out and a complete disappointed ... Waste of an amazing racing sport ... 
why is everybody so into shark week ???? 
I think i am going to join the Tea Party ! 
Townhouse walls = Not sound proof ... ( you know who you are ) 
Hey does anybody have a Wired Official XBOX 360 ( not game stop ) controller they don't want or are willing to sell cheap ? 
I am glad my roommate is an Industrial Engineering < PROPMALE > not Mechanical because he needs alot of work in Thermodynamics ... ( practical style ... ) 
Freaking TICKED OFF 
HAHAHA just saw a Mazda Miata turbo ... with a hitch on it ??? 
SO after playing 4 rounds of laser tag and running around the Student union like a mad man how did I injure myself ? why being poked in the stomach unexpectedly waiting for the food line to open up and collapsing , bashing my elbow into a window sill promptly cutting my elbow wide open ... Why am i so ticklish ??? 
Just wrote my speech for speech class in about 25 minutes I love cookie cutter speeches ... 
Just a word for the wise ... Managers who power trip will lose all associate respect ... Just saying ... 
I think I definitely found a way to make me stop biting my nails !!! but it violates man code ... I think its ok though ... I can live for a while violating man code until I kick this AWFUL HABIT >>> and so I can properly play my guitar now ... 
SO here is what i have learned in college ... High School math is like learning to fly a jumbo jet on flight simulator with no prior flight experience ... College math is like learning to fly a jumbo jet in real life with no prior flight experience ... possible but gosh durn hard and very risky ... 
I just burnt my finger by trying to pull a match head off of a burning match ... :( my play didnt work ... 
When I grow up I want to be a fireman ! 
Can I leave Florida if I don't like the election results ? 
So it looks like Florida will officially be governed by a big business crook ! Im so proud of my state ! 
just read a comment on a political form about prop 19 where a guy said if women didn't vote they should have their right to vote taken away until they decide to vote ... was this nut-case high when they wrote that ? 
I have found the movie that best describes my humor ... Airplane ! absolutely driest stupidest ... not funny humor in the world ! just like mine ! lol ... ok so maybe they are better at it than me ... funniest movie ever though ! 
I need to find something to get out and meet people with ... I need to be more social and meet some people ... But i have no idea what to do ... 
Well i'm a Disney Employee now ! And all you < PROPFEMALE > band people ... I saw a HS band play in downtown Disney today ! Even though I didn't go it still brought back memories of the band :/ 
I love the combined effects of boredom and stress ! its as if each weren't potent enough by themselves ... 
I'm going to call that one for the win ! I just super glued my paper together because it has to be stapled when I turn it in and I cant find my stapler ... 
So ... somehow I managed to fit a drum set into my room ! poor roommates ... actual I have magic abilities that quiet it an I wont play at unreasonable hours and mostly when you all are away at class ... more importantly why does my right eye feel like it has been punched ... its not tender to the touch ... ( and i wasn't punched ... ) but it feels like I was punched ... 
Should I start wearing a bow tie when I dress up ? 
since when did it become December ??? I flipping thought it was still November ... 
Update ! its now 3:10 Am and I have completed my Final paper worth 25% of my grade due at 7:30 am today ... I love having two jobs ! 
Well Florida you got me on this one ... Sprkinlers in 32 degree weather ... OK OK I understand it has become warmer but im sure you had your sprinklers running all night like you always do ... 
I have an idea lets play the no number game ! 
Why I love florida ... It is currently 72 degrees outside today ... When I get off work tonight it will be nearly 34 degrees ... 
My daily obervance for today ... I find it odd that when you fire and employee they stop working but when you fire and engine it starts working ... 
Just now on the bus the lady on the radio said there was no < PROPFEMALE > .... What lies I say what LIES .... 
argh frustration ! :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Man life works in mysterious ways . I got an early release from work tonight and left at 1230 I then put on a co workers spare tire for them , which took around an hour once i got my truck and tools , and on my way home I passed 6 wrecks , all within a one mile stretch . I think had I not changed that tire i would have been driving through that area around the time the wrecks happened they looked 30-45 minutes old , weird 
I cant sleep my knees are throbbing and my ears keep popping ... ( stupid rain ... its heavy tonight ... ) SO does anybody know ASL that would like to help me learn or at least tell me if I am doing it right ? 
SO im pretty sure my next car will be some form of VW probably a Golf/Rabbit or < PROPFEMALE > maybe even a < PROPFEMALE > wagon .... now as to when my next car will be ... thats any ones guess but im doing my research and fanciful dreams aside those cars seem to be the best fit for me ... Decent gas millage , fairly safe , well built , inexpensive , semi fun ... a bit sporty ( more so looking at the golf/rabbit ... ) 
Why have I been up before 6 am two days in a row this cant be healthy :-p 
So who still has their Christmas tree up ??? 
one reason i love my job ... where else do you get to see a Maserati Quattroporte driving in front of you on your way to work ... well ok I understand alot of places ... but it still cool i just NEVER see Maserati's its always Ferrari or something \average\ " like that :-p " 
I really want an album or CD from < PROPMALE > Blakey's jazz messengers and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > !!!! I am so digging the bebop and hard bop scene right now !!! Like this stuff is genius ... 
I just did a little testaroo with my truck to see what my highway gas millage was ... 16.4 MPG HIGHWAY >>> my next test is city ... im scared ... 
one pot boiling water , one tea cup , one tea bag Tetley British blend , four minutes step time , splash of milk , splash of sugar ... one nice morning cup of tea the simple things in life ! 
woops that was funny I accidently ended explorer . exe it was nice to see my background picture without stuff in the way but the inability to access my OS was kinda annoying ... yay for control alt delete though .. and the ability to start programs in task manager ! 
illiminations was illuminating .. But also hydrating I'm soaked ... But happy 
so this stinks i went to bed too early last night ... i pased out at 6 and now 8 hours later i cant go back to sleep ... 
im starting to regret staying at work until 3am now ... worked 4pm - till 3 am with a half hour break ... good money bad times :-p 
I want a 10-12 ft sailing dinghy ... anybody have a random one lying around ??? But seriously I want one :/ but i have no money or place to keep one ... 
Flippin person blaring your music next door at nearly 2AM on a school night shut up before i break down the wall and break your sound system .... 
Ark Music Factory ( ARK ) needs to be shut down ! This company like its name states is a factory . The problem with a factory in the music world is that music is not meant to be mass produced . Aside from producing junk music ARK is responsible for ruining the lives and careers of young girls . 
