Just watched Old Yellar . Wow what a movie ! I remember crying when I was little ... Didn't cry this time . Shocker ! 

Kosey is a fruit snack fiend ! He ate a whole box in one day ! I wanted to strangle him ! I went looking for them and he tells me not to go in his room ! The wrappers were all under his bed ! He was hiding the evidence ! No more fruit snacks for his littl 
I WISH IT WERE THE END OF THE MONTH SO I COULD BE OFF WORK FOR A MINUTE OR TWO ! WISHFUL THINKING ... 
My face is swollen and a rash is all over my damn face ! What a wonderful way to start off the day ! 
Tired ! Need to sleep , like sleeping beauty ! 
Kosey had a great 1st day at summer camp ! 
Kosey is doing so much better ! Arm is still swollen and a bit red but not nearly as bad as it was yesterday ! Yes ! Thank you everyone for your prayers ! 
Sunshine on my mind ! First day of summer is a winner ! 
Awake , alive , and energized ! 
GETTING READY TO GO EAT BREAKFAST WITH HUBBY , SON AND NEPHEW MJ ! I AM HUNGRY ! 
I am so damn tired from the weekend ! But damn ready to do it all over again for the 4th ! I am glad tomorrow is my last day and then I get a long deserved week off ! 
What a beautiful day today ! Going to the Botanical Gardens today ! 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY EVERYONE ! OFF TO THE PICK UP MY SISTER < PROPFIRST > , THEN TO THE PARADE WE GO ! 
The 4th was great ! Saw some peeps I haven't seen in a while , good to catch up . Today house-cleaning to get ready for my sons party Saturday ... Never ends ... 
OH MAN ! GOTTA GO BACK TO WORK TOMORROW ! WELL , IT'S NOT THAT BAD , I HAVE ANOTHER LONG WEEKEND COMING UP AGAIN THIS WEEKEND ! YAHOOOOOO !!! 
I am done cleaning for this boys party for the night . To be continued for a short time tomorrow ... 
These 4 day weekends are so damn nice ! Let me tell ya ! It is wonderful ! 
Kosey wants to wake me & MJ up early as hell ! We are gonna beat him ! 
Kosey is upset that MJ is leaving ! Poor baby ! He loves his cousins ! Every single last one of them . He hates when it is time for them to go home ! 
Who do you blame when your kid is a brat Pampered and spoiled like a Siamese cat ? Blaming the kids is a lion of shame You know exactly who's to blame : The mother and the father ! Oompa Loompa doompadah < PROPFIRST > If you are wise you will listen to me You will liv 
My Kosey-boy had a very nice talent show ! Aside from the fact that he was sticking his damn tongue out at someone ! 
< PROPMALE > Gladwell , Outliers , is an awesome book ! Profound concepts that are truly thought provoking ! 
The movie Orphan was crazy as hell ! Whoever writes this stuff has to have one hell of a disturbed , demented outlook or point of view . This shit was nuts ! Creative or Sheer Lunacy , you decide ... 
Hell yeah ! Just got off the phone with State Farm and they are going to replace Richards stolen bike , tool box and tools , car < PROPFIRST > , bike pump , whatever the hell else that was stolen out of my garage and fix my garage door ! 
Okay people I am done with the gossip venting ! I am over it and all the bridges burned by it ! Love is in the air ! Can you feel it exude from my < PROPFEMALE > !? LOL ! 
My wrist is a throbbing right now ! Yikes ! 
Have you ever felt lost , like you don't belong where you are and need to make changes ? Because what's the use in staying when you are unhappy where you are ? 
Life’s Ineffectual Bullshit : I have had quite enough of all of the bullshit ; Spent most of my life just eating it . I have now reached my limit ; am quite full . And will wipe my ass with it ! 
We are all perceived differently by different people dependent upon our history and happenings with them . 
I feel so much better ! ( mentally ) My wrist still aches but hell I can deal with it ! Life goes on and on and on and on ... 
My son will not stay home ! He just wants to spend every damn weekend with his cousins at one aunts house or another ! I shouldn't complain ... It gives me some free time . 
Starting classes again ! Uggghhh ! Well , I have to look on the bright side ... In December I will have my BS ! Yeah Baby ! But why am I starting classes before my son ? What is up with that ? 
I am so happy , Kosey is going to be going to a great School for Kindergarten ! Nothing but good things for my babyboy ! 
HAPPY LABOR DAY ! HAVE FUN ON THIS WONDERFUL DAY ( OFF) ! 
Kosey had a great 1st day of school ! He was so excited ! What a great change from how he felt about his last school ! I am so happy for him ! 
absence of proof doesn't mean proof of absence 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LIL ' SISTER < PROPFIRST > ! 
Just a relaxing weekend ... For once . 
Rays of sun beaming on my face Feel the warmth No time to waste < PROPFEMALE > every moment As if it were your last one Then you'll see in the end you have won ! 
Why if Fall here already !? We didn't even really have summer ! Chilly , BRRRRRR ! 
Knowing the source of your fear does not mean you can just be over your fear . It can take years sometimes before you can actually confront them in order to move past them . 
Practice . Figure out the pieces of the puzzle . Practice . Progress . 
Less Talk , More Action ! That's What I'm Talkin's Bout'! 
Individual rights are not subject to a public vote ; a majority has no right to vote away the rights of a minority ; the political function of rights is precisely to protect minorities from oppression by majorities ( and the smallest minority on earth is the individual ) . Ayn Rand 
Understanding circumstances , others , and us comes with time and our willingness to be open to all the lessons contained within a moment . We must be willing to participate fully in the event that has requested our attention and attendance . We slowly learn that happiness is a matter of attitude , and therin lays the wisdom . 
Final Decision on the WHS Alumni Get Together . Center Lounge , Saturday , December 5th at 7pm . Pass it on to your friends ! 
“I am the punishment of God ... If you had not committed great sins , God would not have sent a punishment like me upon you . ” Genghis Khan 
I'm kicking back with a glass of vino after a wonderful dinner with the family and a cute magic show ! That damn sweet potato and mushroom rosato was the damn bomb ! ( < PROPMALE > , when you really start cooking you have to make that shit ! ) 
What is wrong with my son ? I told him I would take him to the park and he said no , he wants to draw with his markers ! Jeez ! It is beautiful today and he wants to stay in the damn house ! 
I feel good . Life is good . Take nothing for granted . Enjoy the ride as much as the journey ... 
Independent we stand , Controlled we fall ... 
Love doesn't make the world go round . Love is what makes the ride worthwhile . < PROPMALE > P . Jones 
I need a massage . I need to have my chakras cleared of the negative energy ! I need to get rid of all the negative vibes interfering with my peace of mind and happiness ... I am going to change all of it and I am starting with a good work out ! Jam on ! 
I have a terrible headache , goodnight people ... 
Have 2 clients today and then off to buy my circus tickets ! Yippie ! 
My poor son is lonely , he wants someone to play with . Am I being selfish because I have dreams and another child would slow down my plans ? I feel torn ... 
The heat is on ! I have a < PROPMALE > research project due by the 18th of December ! I am so close but so far away from being finished ! I will have my degree by then though ! Finished with school ! Halleluiah ! 
Life , < PROPFEMALE > and the pursuit of happiness . It comes at a price ... The price of strawberry wine ! ;) 
Whoo-Hooooo ! I just finished writing my Results and Discussion portion of my research project ! I am done writing ! Now my partners and I have to work on the PowerPoint which is almost done ! This is awesome !!! 
Man , oh man ! I need to open my Root & Heart Chakra's . Everything else is wide open ! Gotta start from the ground up ! It is time to breath deep and heal my soul ... AHHHH ! 
Only a three day work week this week ! YEAH !!! 
My Big Daddy loves me ! Oh , yes he do ! He made me lunch . What a < PROPFEMALE > man ! That's my Boo ! 
Happy Turkey Day to ALL ! Have fun tomorrow and don't stuff yourself ! I am thankful for all my friends and family and love you all ! Peace , love , happiness to you all ! 
Oh , how nice it was not to have to cook ! I ate some grub at my sisters ! Played LIFE and it was all messed up ! They changed it ! Had a good time though , spending time with my family ... 
Off to the circus tomorrow ! We are taking our own little clowns ... It's going to be a fun day ! Good night all ! 
Zing , Zang , Zoom ! 
Pull out all stops and stay focused in task then you will be acknowledged for your hard work even when other people try to ride your coat tails ... 
Can't nobody break my stride , can't nobody slow me down . Oh , no ! I've got to keep on movin ' ... Screw everyone else if they can't keep up ! LMAO ! 
Thank the lord above that presentation is over an buried ! It was horrible ! I am so relieved it is over !!! 
Winter is here ! This weather is not good , everyone be careful driving ! The roads are bad ! 
Ready or not , here I come , you can't hide . I'm gonna find you and make you want me ! I love this ! Good lyric ! 
Two nephews down , 3 nephews and a niece to go ... Christmas shopping takes a lot out of you ! Jeeezzzzzzzz ! 
Ya-hoooooooo ! I just finished my senior thesis paper on < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! It is due tonight at 12 ! Yes , I cut it close but it is done ! Done & done ! 
I am going to strangle my husband ! He brought home a stray dog ! Now Kosey thinks we are keeping it ! I will kill him ! 
My eyes are itching already ! Damn ! If this is how it's gonna be , I can't stand it ! 
If you think you know me well , you will never understand me and if you don't know me well you will never understand me ; so you figure it out ! 
OH , thank Jesus for sisters that take your child for the weekend ! Peace & Quiet ! AHHHHH ! 
Happy Birthday shout out to my sista Shevon ! LOVE Ya ! 
Off to the store to pick up some holiday cheer ! ( Alcohol ! ) Yeah baby ! Cheers ! 
Oh my lord ! All this gift wrapping is for the birds ! My back is sore and so are my feet ! Calgon take me away ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Feliz Navidad , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , Maligayang Pasko , Nollaig < PROPFEMALE > Dhuit , Mele Kalikimaka , Feliz Natal , & Happy New Year , Shub Naya Baras , hauoli makahiki hou , ath bhliain faoi mhaise , nav varsh ki subhkamna , feliz año nuevo ! No matter how you say it , it means the same thing ! Love , Peace , Happiness , and Cheer to you all ! Blessings of a wonderful New Year to you all as well ! XOXOXOXOX ! 
Snowball fight with Kosey this morning ! How fun ! Then in for a grilled cheese & tomato soup to warm us up ! 
Just need to breath . Relax . Be grateful for what I have . Be grateful for who I am . Stop worrying about shit that doesn't even matter ... 
Why is what you do never good enough for people ? They always want to suck every last drop of energy , blood , sweat , tears or whatever else it takes to put effort into something . The more you give , the more they take ! Leaches ! That's what they are ! It is not a bad thing to want more but at someone elses expense is completely and utterly wrong ! Have some respect ! 
Oh , the joy of being off work for the next 5 wonderful days ! AHHHHH !!! 
Promising Massage Therapy opportunity ! Wish me luck ! BOOYAH ! 
New Year's < PROPFEMALE > , the end to 2009 ; onto bigger and better things in 2010 ! Happy New Year to all ! 
I am looking forward to great changes in 2011 . May this year be more prosperous and less stressful than the end of 2010 was . Wishing you all a great 2011 ! PEACE & BLESSINGs to you all ! 
I really don't want to clean ! Blah ! And Emmerick really doesn't like \tummy-time\ " Kosey really doesn't want to go to school tomorrow . I guess we are alike in more ways than I can count . We all don't like or want to do things ... HAH ! " 
This year is going to be the best ! An opportunity that I can not just let pass me by has been presented at my feet . I must leap into action and take a risk . I can operate my own massage business ! This is exciting as hell ! Not set in stone as of yet but I am just excited ! YIPPEE ! 
Pink 
Anticipation of a good thing that may happen can kill you ! UGGGHHHH ! It is all good baby ~ ! 
MY THEME SONG : Green Eyed Lady , lovely lady Strolling slowly towards the sun Green eyed lady , passion's lady dressed in love she lives for life to be Green eyed lady feels like I never see Setting suns and lonely lovers free Green eyed lady , windswept lady moves the night the waves the sand Green eyed lady ocean lady child of nature , friend of man 
MMMMMMM .... Chocolate !!! LOVE IT ! 
Damn , the weekend came and went too fast ! 
My cell phone is out of comission until further notice . Left it in my car all night and now it won't charge ! I have to go get a new one ! DAMN ! 
I nailed my interview with the owner of the massage business . I also nailed the massage with the Chiropractor that works there ! She wanted to assess my skills and she said she would gladly refer her clients to me with utmost confidence ! Now all I have to do is impress the owner with my massage skills and I am in business ! BOOOYYYYYAAAAAHHHH ! I told you all this was my year to shine ! 
It is only a matter of time ... I will be who I am , do what I do , and be all that I want to be and know I can be . Trust ! 
I was told by a client once that I inspire action in people . I thought that was a truly wonderful compliment . 
Ate some oatmeal for breakfast and excercised for an hour . I am telling you it feels so much better to eat right and excercise . I use to take much better care of myself before child and I am going to start getting back to my old routine . I started before the holidays and I will be in a bikini this summer ! Bet your sweet ass I will ! 
Whoo-hoo ! Tomorrow I talk about my massage business options ... Cool as hell ! 
I love my husband to death ! He is letting me go to Costa Rica in May for Thai Massage training ! Yippee ! Put the deposit down today ! I am so excited ! 
Thoughts become things ... choose the good ones ! 
That something happened to you is of no importance to anyone , not even to you . The important thing about you is what you choose to make happen -- your values and choices . That which happened by accident -- what family you were born into , in what country , and where you went to school -- is totally unimportant . ~ Ayn Rand 
The moment a child is born , the mother is also born . She never existed before . The woman existed , but the mother , never . A mother is something absolutely new . ~ Rajneesh Too Bad Everyone Can't Feel This Way ... Hell , Their Loss NOT Mine . 
Keep on keeping on , living , laughing and loving Y'all! 
To Celebrate Valentines Day , Change your Profile Picture to you and your spouse/significant other . and make sure to tell how long you've been together ! Copy and Paste this to your profile . 
My man is so damn wonderful ! He got me a fruit bouquet and sent it to my office and he got me a laptop for my work ! He is the best man anyone could ever ask for ! Love my man ! 
We are not in a position in which we have nothing to work with . We already have capacities , talents , direction , missions , callings . < PROPMALE > Maslow 
I love my boy ! He said , \My head almost reaches ( as tall as ) your balls ( breasts ) . \ " He cracks me up ! " 
Life is so damn busy sometimes ! 
I am so pissed right now . My husband refuses to train this damn dog ! He has no time and I certainly have no time and didn't want the damn dog to begin with ! The damn dog is ruining my basement and bathroom ! I am gonna get rid of it ! Damn it all to hell !!!! 
Why is it that mental midgets want to hate on people that like to read and take courses to educate themself ? Since when is learning a bad thing ? The mental midget haters need to learn a thing or two for themselves and stop the negativity because they want what you have and know what you know !!! Bounce that shit ! 
Life happens for a reason . We need to allow life as it happens to press itself in our direction . We must not let masks of illusion trick us into negative thinking or moving in the opposite direction of our life path . We must learn how to just show up , be present and allow life to happen , sometimes for better and sometimes for worst . The worse is a challenge to our strength , live up to the challenge and smile . :) 
A wise man said to me many times , \When you take from < PROPFIRST > to give to < PROPFIRST > you will undoubtedly have the full cooperation of < PROPFIRST >...\"" 
Why do I always think I can do everything ? Damn , I get myself into some high stress situations when I think I can do all kinds of things ! Hell it is worth it , I guess ... 
It really sucks when you are so mad at someone that you refuse to speak to them , then they leave and you wish you would have at least said goodbye ... 
Oh boy , we ( me & my nephew ) get to paint tomorrow & my sister gets to put his toy shelves together ! Kosey is a spoiled brat ! My home massage room is now his playroom ! 
I cannot stand northwest Indiana and the damn trains ! I get caught by one every damn time I go there ! Can you say build a damn overpass ? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY HUBBY ! JUST FINISHED EATING CAKE ! YUM ! 
Finally Kosey's play room is finished ! All but the rug of course but it will be here soon enough ... 
Holy crap , my calfs & shoulders are killing me ! I need several massages ! That is what happens when you do Qigong from 630am to 4pm ! Hell it was worth it , now I am LEVEL 1 CERTIFIED ! BOOYAH ! 
Happy Easter Everyone ! Goodnight ! 
I just love it ! I am going to see if I can start putting together a class ( now that I am certified ) to teach Qigong ! Hmmmm .... We will see . 
I have never been so ill in all my life ! Stomach pains from 4am to 10am . Still a bit queasy but a hell of a lot better than earlier this morning ! Whatever that was , I never want it again ! 
Life ... Is ... Good ! I want it that way ... 
Treat your body well , it is the only one you have ! 
Some drink deeply at the fountain of knowledge . Others just gargle . 
According to ancient Hindu scriptures , the proper amount of food is half of what can be coveniently eaten . 
Perspective is an amazing thing . You think you are well read and know quite a bit and then someone else that is a bit more well read and knowledgeable slaps you in the face with a different perspective that changes yours completely or partially . What you know is sometimes a limitation of what else there is to learn . Chew on that ! 
2 days and counting down ... I am so excited ! 
WHAT A DAY . MY HUBBY WAS IN THE ER FOR THE ENTIRE DAMN DAY TODAY . HE DEHYDRATED HIMSELF SO BADLY THEY HAD TO PUMP HIM UP WITH 2 LITERS OF SALINE SOLUTION . PLEASE , GOD AND ALL OF MY SISTERS PLEASE LOOK OUT FOR HIM WHEN I AM GONE . THANK YOU . 
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood ! Sunshine on my face feels good . 
Well y'all I will see you when I get back from Costa Rica ! WhooooHooooo ! 
I am on my way home today ! So sad to leave but so nice to be seeing my babies soon ! Had a blast . Coata Rica is a very beautiful country ! 
HOME SWEET HOME ! GOODNIGHT EVERYONE ! I AM T.I.R.E.D ! 
I cannot control the ignorant acts of others but I can control how I deal with , respond to and react to them . I prefer to keep them away from me . Those of you that I am talking about know who the hell you are ! 
I am so damned ill and tired , I can't stand it ! 
I have an announcement to make ! To be continued ... 
Ladies & Gentlemen here is the announcement ... We ( < PROPFIRST > , Kosey & I ) are expecting a baby ! I hope it is a girl ! 
Thank you all for the well wishes ! We truly appreciate it . Will find out tomorrow the results of my blood work to see how far along I am and the approximate due date ! So exciting ! 
I am about 6-8 weeks . Time to get an ultrasound ! 
I have been up since 3:30 ! I am tired as hell . Time for a nap ! 
Oh , how sweet it is to have a long weekend baby ! Enjoy all ! Happy Memorial Day ! 
Live , Laugh , Love & beat someones ass if they try to mess those three things up for you ! LMAO ! Hormones , what can I tell you ... 
Baby due January 5th . That means a little over 2 months down , 8 months to go ... 
DAMN , < PROPFEMALE > HAPPENING RIGHT BEFORE MY EYES . GETTING A MIGRAINE ! SHIT ! HORMONES SUCK ! 
Slept for so long bcause of the migraine , now i cannot sleep . @ least the numbness is gone in my left hand . Gotta look on the bright side ... 
This baby is whompin my ass ! I am so tired I cannot keep my eyes open ! Goodnight All ! 
Sleep , eat , drink , work get super tired and start this cycle all over again ! LIFE ... 
Trying to figure out what on earth to do for my sweet little son's birthday this year ! It is frustrating ... Maybe we will go to a Ranch and have a horse ride and hayride ho-down ! That sounds cool to me ! 
When will this fatigue end ? I am so damn tired everyday by 7 and it sucks to have no energy ! BLAH ! 
Girgle , girlgle , girgle ... This baby is always hungry ! I am gonna be big as a house before you know it ! FEED ME !!! LOL ! 
Off to my sista Shevy's 10 anniversary party in a few hours ! Have a good one peeeps ! Hoorah ! 
I can't stand headaches ! Just have to suffer through them now ! 
I could go to sleep right now . Wow ... 
Happy best friend day . 
One of these days someone is going to think I am having a stroke instead of a migraine . I hate the euphoric way they make me feel , almost like I am going crazy . My left hand , wrist , mouth , and < PROPFEMALE > went numb . My hearing and vision were affected . I don't know what I am going to do ... 
Kosey is making < PROPFIRST > and me go see Shrek . Gotta spend time with my boy even if I don't like the movie choice ... Gotta love it 
Today was a good day . Did a few massages , went to Menards , ate < PROPMALE>'s , and still am not tired ! YIPPEE ! Maybe I am getting over my first trimester fatigue and nausea ... 
READING A BOOK THAT HAS OVER 12OO PAGES . IT IS A GOOD BOOK TOO ! NOW THAT I AM NOT IN SCHOOL I CAN READ FOR LEISURE ... LOVE IT ! 
Damn you all get up early ! LOL ! Thank you all for the wonderful and thoughtful Birthday wishes . Love you all ! Have a blessed day , I know I will ! 
I want to thank you all for the kind and thoughtful birthday wishes ! You are all very special . Goodnight ! XOXOXOX ! 
\The trouble with socialism is sooner or later you run out of other people's money . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Thatcher " 
Be safe everyone . This storm is not nice ! 
I am most perplexed that people unrelated to you and complete strangers can treat you with more respect than your own relatives just by the mere fact that they speak and treat you in a manner that you should be treated . Well , it is true that you can't choose your family and it is also true that one cannot help it if they are socially inept ! 
Tie Buddies have saved my life ! I will never have to tie Kosey's shoes again ! Yeah ! He can tie them himself ! 
I am so pissed right now . My son just cut holes in a leather chair and cut a bean bag chair open a few days ago . I want to beat his ass but that will do no damn good . I have punished him to sit in his room in the chair he cut and think about what he has been doing . He will not watch TV or play with any toys for two weeks . He is lucky that is all I am doing to his ass right now !!! 
It is pretty amazing how some people have selective memories and all they want to do is bring up shit that happened in the past ( that you did or didn't do ) but when you bring some shit up that they did they want to cry that you are trying to make them miserable . Such hypocrites ! They need to learn when to keep their mouths shut . All the comments they make fall upon deaf ears because I don't give a shit anyway ! 
What is the matter with peeps these days ? They walk by you and you can smile and say hello and they will just keep walking like they don't even see you there ! People are not friendly ! It is a damn shame ! 
This is just great ! I think I am getting a head cold ! BLAH ! OR my allergies are horrible ! I feel like crapola ! 
WHY ARE THE MONTHS OF JUNE AND JULY SO DAMN BUSY ? 
Why is my boy sleeping by 630 ? Must b worn out from summer camp activities ... 
Well , it is so nice to have a four day weekend ! Maybe I will see some of you at the 4th parade ! Until then , peace ! 
Happy 4th Everyone ! Be Blessed and Be Safe ! 
Why am I up at 4:30 doing laundry and eating waffles with cream cheese and jam ? I should be sleeping damn it ! 
Well , Kosey is exhausted from today . He was ready to go home ! Oh , well had a great time !!! 
Happy Birthday Kosey !!! 
I LOVE TRIP-HOP AND ACID JAZZ , IT IS JUST RELAXING YET VIBIN'! 
PLEASE PRAY THAT IT DOES NOT RAIN TOMORROW ! IT WILL RUIN KOSEY'S PLAN FOR A BEACH BIRTHDAY PARTY . THEN I WILL HAVE TO RELOCATE EVERYONE ... 
Kosey had a great time at his beach birthday party ! It was cool . Thank you all for coming ! 
I am so exhausted ! This weekend kicked my arse ! 
My son has a love-hate relationship with one of the young ladies at the summer camp . He has been grabbing her butt , he says it is because she is mean . I think it is because he likes her ! She is a pretty young woman . So we had to have a talk about inappropriate behavior . 
I AM SO FUCKING ANNOYED THAT I CAN NOT FIND MY CELL PHONE ! MY WHOLE LIFE IS ON THAT DAMN PHONE ! 
Phone found in the health-food store downstairs from my massage office ! hallelujah ! 
Went bowling last night and won both games ! Beat my hubby and nephew ! 
The last air bender was a very good movie ! This has been a great weekend , aside from the fact that my SI joint is killing me on the right side ! Comes along with the pregnancy ... 
I AM JUST LOVING ME SOME NECTARINES THE LAST COUPLE WEEKS ! THEY ARE DELICOUS ! MMMMMMMM ... 
Can people please do what they say instead of contradicting themselves by not doing so ? Also , stop being so damn pety ! It is annoying as hell ! I love my life ! True dat ! 
I am so fed up with working on peoples mouths , they do not cooperate when you say 5 million times , turn toward me . I am not going to continue fucking up my back for these people . They either start turning or I quit ~ ! 
IN NATURE THERE ARE NEITHER REWARDS NOR PUNISHMENTS- THERE ARE CONSEQUENCES ! 
What the hell is wrong with my son ? He is sitting here whining about eating spaghetti ! What kid doesn't like spaghetti ? I am fixin ' to whoop his butt ... 
The body is a miraculous self-cleansing , self-correcting , & self-healing machine when provided the proper fuel & healthy lifestyle . Treat your fascinating , fabulous body well . 
You know my picky ass not want to eat spaghetti , whining son ? He is a trip ! He was in the car yesterday eating pizza and his lil ' butt put fruit snacks on it and was eating it ! NASTY ! What is wrong with these kids ? 
It is all just a bunch of noise ! 
What the hell is wrong with these damn women over 50 that are having babies ? Self-centered idiots ! Crazy as hell ! 
I have a very active baby ! Moving and grooving all day long ! 
If everyone doesn't stop aggravating me about this damn baby shower , I am gonna kill someone ! 
I am craving a baked potato . And my hubby is so sweet he is buying some for me ! I can't wait ! MMMMMM ....... 
I am hoping I can see a doctor today ! My face has one of the worst rashes ever ! I am so uncomfortable I can't stand it ! Itchy , burning , swollen ! Sucks ! 
Great ! More blood work ! 
THE KEY TO SUCCEEDING IN\ 
\ 
MARRIAGE IS NOT FINDING THE RIGHT PERSON ; IT'S\ 
LEARNING TO LOVE THE PERSON YOU FOUND . 
Please forgive me if you get on my nerves , everything gets on my nerves lately and everyone annoys me . Don't take it personally , I think my hormones are way out of whack . ( DUH ! ) Although some of y'all really do annoy me , but whatever ... LOL ! 
GOING TO GET MY HAIR TRIMMED UP TOMORROW ! YAY ! I NEED THIS MOP FIXED UP A BIT ! 
20 weeks down , 20 more to go . This is a good thing . Baby will be here sooner rather than later ! Well worth it . 
Alrighty now , we find out what we are having on Tuesday ! Everyone wish me a healthy baby girl ! LOL ! Kosey and < PROPFIRST > say it is a boy ! I will actually be happy either way ! Happy Weekend Everyone ! 
Why the hell am I craving banana < PROPFEMALE > pies ? I don't eat that crap ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for exposing me to that junk ! It is ingrained in my memory . 
We find out @ 2 what we are having ! Can you say excited ???!!! 
WELL YOU ALL IT IS A BOY . I LOVE THE LIL WIGGLE WORM EVEN IF HE NOT A GIRL . 
OMG ! My allergies suck ! I have to start taking something even if I don't want to because I am preg . I am off to get some Zyrtec . Hope it works ! 
When you get knocked down it is up to you whether you get back up or stay down . Don't feel sorry for yourself and expect others to help you out of your situations . Take pride and responsibility for your own actions : how you treat others , yourself and bad situations . It takes a person with integrity to react positively to any given situation ... 
Things cannot grow if they do not change . 
This little boy is getting strong as hell ! He is bouncing all over the place and kicking me in the damn ribs and we are only 22 weeks along ... I can't wait to see how it is when we are even further along ! Oh boy ! 
God is truly blessing me . I have a great opportunity to relocate my massage business with a great woman , had a great massage profit day , and I am spending time with my family . What more could a girl ask for ? 
Found some really great buys at the Arc today . @250 for three pieces of antique furniture for my crib . Not bad ... Now I will recruit my nephew to help < PROPFIRST > move it next Sunday . 
I am so damn tired lately I can't stand it . My sides ache too ! Feet all over the place ! Good times ... 
My babyboy is growing up , today is his 1st day of 1st grade . He got everything ready himself . 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY TO MY WONDERFUL HUSBAND < PROPFIRST > ! LOVE YOU ! 
A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity ; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty . I am an optimist . 
Some people are so hateful even when U have done nothing to them but because of their own hang-ups . These people should learn how 2 stop being so judgmental worrying about what U do and how U handle your business and concentrate on their own life . It is the coward that cannot tell U how they feel about U and it is a shame because U could and would have let them go a long time ago because they are not healthy for U ... 
Decisions made may someday come with regret tomorrow . \ 
Judge not lest yea be judged . < PROPFEMALE > is going to haunt those that wish to\ 
be judgmental , mean-spirited and hateful toward others . I choose to treat others\ 
with respect even when I don't agree with their behavior or actions and I\ 
accept them for who they are even when they don't deserve it . 
WITHOUT TRUTH NOTHING IS SACRED . WE ALL PLAY A GRAVE ROLL IN OUR OWN DEMISE . THE TRUTH GIVES US POWER . THE WEAK USE FEAR AGAINST AGAINST THE STRONG . THE PATH YOU TAKE IS NOT YOUR OWN IF YOU LISTEN TO THE RAMBLINGS OF EVIL . THINK ABOUT HOW PRECIOUS LIFE IS , HOW DIFFICULT IT IS TO CREATE AND HOW EASY IT IS TO TAKE AWAY . CHOOSE LIGHT OVER DARKNESS ... ( INSPIRED BY THE MINISTER'S SPEECH IN BELLY ) 
If You Don't Have Anything Nice to Say , Don't Say Anything At All . = Means bite your tongue before you say something you'll regret , asshole ! 
I think I have so much weight in the belly it is making me have leg cramps in the front of my legs like < PROPFEMALE > splints . Hurts like hell ! Momma Mia ! 
I am so mentally and physically exhausted . I really need to reevaluate my life . Overhaul ... 
A smile is the same in every language ! SMILE ! :) 
Wow ! Today is actually a nice , peaceful day at work ! Maybe this is a sign of good things to come ... 
Kosey lost his 1st tooth today ! Oh , my baby is growing up too fast ! It makes me happy and sad at the same time ... 
BAKED SOME OATMEAL-RAISIN , WHITE CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES ! YUMMY ! KOSEY BETTER GET HOME BEFORE WE EAT THEM ALL ! 
It is in a person's best interest to do their job to the best of their ability . Your performance and how U treat your clients reflect on your integrity . U must treat all clients with the utmost respect and courtesy . A pleasant experience relays positive messages to future clients . Spreading the message by word-of-mouth is the cheapest way to market your skills ... 
Yippee ! < PROPFIRST > won't be patrolling the streets of Chicago anymore ! And he will be working days ! Love it ! 
I had a dream about my gramps and the show the Lone Ranger ! Takin ' it back ! Way back ! 
I have been up since 2 sneezin with allergies ! I am tired as hell ! 
I have been so lazy this weekend . Oh , well ... 
Do what you do ... 
Kosey has picture day tomorrow ! Then off to the dentist to get his first filling ! See what happens when the parent stops brushing the damn kids teeth ?! 
All went well . Kosey was very good at the dentist . Now he has some nice white fillings . Thanks Dr. V ! You are the best ! 
TGIF ! Time 4 some R&R . 
Why is it that people think that they don't have to treat you with respect or talk to you when you are around them but think they can ask you for a favor when they want something from you ? 
Today's cookies are : Reese's chewy chocolate cookies with walnuts and toffee . YUMMY ! Tasty stuff ! 
LIFE IS GOOD . LOVE OTHERS LIKE YOU LOVE YOUR CHILD(REN ) . 
Oh , I just love these sleepless nights ... 
AS ONE DOOR CLOSES ANOTHER IS SOON TO OPEN . 
Off to County Line Orchard ! Yummy ! 
All my friends and family are beautiful , classy , strong and I love them all ! I wish you all to live your lives to the fullest . Please believe in your abilities and may you all excel beyond your expectations . Also , may you all shine even in the darkest of places ! 
Hallelujah ! I am back in business ! Massage location has been relocated ! Like I said as one door closes , another opens ... 
Kosey was just talking about how one transcends through life : He was saying to himself ... you are a baby , then kindergarten , first grade ... 6th grade ... high school , college , then you are a grown up , then you become an old man and eventually you die ! That boy is too much ! 
Kosey just told his father that he wasted his whole Saturday ( we have been out from about 10:30 -7 ) and didn't get to have no fun ! Now mind you , this child got toys and something else ... This kid is just too much for me ! Spoiled brat ! 
Damn , cleaning this house sucks ! Gotta keep it clean for the baby shower ! I will beat these boys if they mess up my house again ! I don't think the hubby will because he has spent most of the day cleaning the basement ! What a great man ! Muah ! 
Time is on my side , yes it is ! 
Can anyone mind their business ? Can anyone be considerate and kind ? Can anyone ever just let shit go and stop dwelling on dumb , judgemental nonsense ? Can folks just learn how to communicate and grow the hell up ? I think it's time ! 
Can u just b happy 4 urself & others ? Learn how 2 b @ peace with urself & then I think u will c the err of ur judgemental & ignorant ways 
I think I have a ganglion cyst in my finger ! 
Had 2 send my hubby out 2 relieve my craving 4 ice cream . 
http://www.myregistry.com/visitorpass.aspx?sid=cac5de45-e486-4203-91bf-98764e14f572 
LOVE AND SEX ARE GOOD BUT SEX IS SO MUCH BETTER WHEN LOVE IS INVOLVED . 
DAMN , WHAT IS GONNA HAPPEN NEXT ? FIRST I HAVE A DAMN CYST IN MY FINGER AND NOW MY NECK ON THE LEFT SIDE IS RADIATING PAIN DOWN INTO MY SHOULDER ! UUUUUGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH !!!!!! 
HMMMM .... DO WE TAKE KOSEY TO THE LEGO-FEST AT MCCORMICK PLACE THIS WEEKEND ? MAYBE WE WILL . 
\A mind that has been stretched will never return to its original dimension\ " < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
Happy Halloween ! Off to Lego Kid-fest at McCormick Place , then trick-or-treat time ! 
Tired ! Back home from Trick-or-Treating . My kid is the only one I know that fills his bucket and then says he is done ... I used to go for hours until I had a pillow case full ! 
Why am I so damn busy this week ? 
This weekend is exhausting me ... But it is fun spending time with my gal < PROPFIRST > , nephew < PROPFIRST > and my wonderful boys ... 
Baby Shower Time ! See a lot you you later on ! This is going to be a fun-filled day ! XOXOXOX ! 
I JUST WANT TO THANK ALL MY FRIENDS & FAMILY FOR COMING OUT AND SPENDING TIME WITH US AND GIVING THE BEST GIFT OF ALL-YOUR PRESENCE . XOXOX ! 
TOOK MY GIRL < PROPFIRST > TO THE AIRPORT ! I MISS HER ALREADY ! LOVE YOU GIRLIE ! 
32 weeks down . 8 or so more to go ... 
IF I HEAR , \I'M AFRAID I AM GONNA HURT THE BABY . \ " ONE MORE DAMN TIME ! " 
Impatiently waiting ... 
DAMN , I DON'T GET ENOUGH SLEEP AS IT IS AND THE ONE DAY I AM SLEEPING REALLY SOUNDLY IS THE ONE DAY THAT MY SON DECIDES TO WAKE MY ASS UP ! UNREAL ! 
Yeah baby ! Nachitos from El Taco Real . Damn they hit the spot and are just as tasty as I remember ! 
This has been a hell of a crappy & scary day . Car accident early this morning-hit & run . Now sitting in triage because my hubby is worried & the doc wanted me to get checked too . I AM DRAINED ! 
Just stuck my ass wit an IV & < PROPFIRST > blood . Damn . 
Everyone , I am fine ( at least physically speaking ) , Kosey is fine , and the baby seems to be ok as well . The person that caused the accident has not surfaced . I am overwhelmed by all the craziness of the yesterday so I am trying to take it easy . I am going through some mental stuff right now after all this so please keep me and my family in your prayers ! Thank you . 
Y r we so busy doing ? (nothing ! )We r so busy doing that we stop just being ! We r rushing here & there , but where exactly r we going ? No where fast ! I have realized that with the incident I went through that I am not as invincible as I thought and that I am sometimes at the mercy of others . 
When it rains it pours ... R.I.P. Uncle < PROPFIRST > . I pray for my Gramma and Mother for I would never want to know what it is like to lose a sibling or one of my children . It would be too much for anyone to take . I know I personally cannot take anymore stress , I am going over the deep end ... Try to be strong , but can't be strong when you feel powerless , all I want to and have been doing is cry . :( 
I am feeling so much better today than I have for the last few . It helps to talk to family and friends so that you can work through the stresses and distress . I appreciate everyone that took the time to talk and also that were concerned enough to ask how my family and I are doing . I love you all . I think we will be fine now . Just fine . 
Why must we be \ 
conflicted with the harsh reality of difficult life decisions ? Why do \ 
we feel afflicted with such immeasurable pain ? I believe it is a test \ 
of our character and integrity . Why else would life be so unbearable at\ 
times ? I feel drained . 
My hip has been killing me since Friday . 
F*ck ! I am so tired ! But back to Triage ! 
Bag of water leaking . Baby coming today . 
Welcome 5lb 9oz Emmrick Javaris < PROPMALE > into the world . My little turkey . 
Well , thank u all 4 the kind words . Emmerick is doing great , he is cute as can be . I am sore as heck from the C-section . Luv u all ! 
I hope my baby gets to come home with me when I go . 
Drugged up and sore as hell . 
I am sad , I go home today without my baby . 
Certain people need to stop \downplaying\ " how I feel about my son not coming home with me . I will not name names but you know who the hell you are ! " 
Well I go home in a couple hours . It will be hard but I have to leave my baby boy . Gonna go home and rest and be back to see him tomorrow . 
What a great night sleep in my own bed . Now off to see my baby . 
Just because I don't agree with you doesn't make me wrong . Just because I voice my opinion about what is said doesn't mean I am being a bitch either . 
My baby is eating more and gaining his lost weight back . 
My spine throbs all the way up my damn back . Can I just get a break soon ? 
I am so happy , there is light at the end of the tunnel afterall , the head RN told me that Emmerick will potentially come home this weekend or sometime next week ! YIPPEEE ! I hope he continues to progress ! He is a little sleepy butt at the moment . 
Kosey is the sweetest big brother I kjow . He made a card for his baby brother that says \To : Emmerick I love you baby . Come home now . \"" 
You cannot reason with an unreasonable person . \ 
You will always be judged by the judgmental . \ 
You can never have an opinion around the opinionated . \ 
The hypocrite will never admit to their hypocrisy . \ 
12/3/2010 KKR 
Well , Emmerick gained some weight ... He is 5lbs . 4.2 oz . Still not \ 
eating all the time the 45cc's recommended but he is well on his way . I\ 
am just getting frustrated by the whole ordeal because I WANT HIM TO \ 
COME HOME ! Damn it ! 
My boy is eating all his food and then some since 12 am this morning . If he continues for the rest of the 24 hours they will take out the tube ! I am praying they take the damn thing out . Then he comes home for sure ! Yeah Baby ! 
I will not show you what I don't want you to see . \ 
I will not tell you what I don't want you to hear . \ 
When it comes to me , \ 
What you observe is who I am . \ 
What I speak is the truth . \ 
Understand ? 
The tube is out at 3 ! My baby is coming home Wednesday or Thursday . Yahoo ! I am excited ! 
My baby boy is coming home tomorrow . Happy , happy , joy , joy , happy , happy , joy !!! 
Alright , off to the hospital to bring my baby Emmerick home ! They better not give me any b.s. as to why he cannot come home today or they will see the nasty side to me ! LOL ! XOXOX ! 
Well the lil stubborn boy did not pass the car seat test so he tries again tonight . Hopefully home tomorrow . Another hurdle ... 
The American Pediatric Association requires a premature infant be able to sit in a car seat for 1 1/2 hours with no bradycardia , apnea or other incidence of duress . I have to wait until tomorrow to see if he passes the test . Northwestern makes sure that all premies are ready to come home before they discharge him . These are the brakes ... 
This time is 4 real . My baby is coming home today ! 
Emmerick's 1st night home was good . He kept me up all night and ate like a glutton and then this morning he had to be bathed because he pissed and crapped all over the place ! The joys of motherhood ! I love every minute of it ! I am happy he is home where he belongs ! 
Sometimes no news is good news ... 
Emmerick pee'd all over his gramma ! That was funny ! & My gramma brought tears to my eyes with her birth stories ! 
My head is pounding ! I hate these damn headaches ! Bah ! 
TWO PEEPS ON TV ARE UNDER THE COVERS WITH SHIRTS ON AND KOSEY SAYS , \ARE THEY SHOWING SOME SEX ? I DON'T WANT TO SEE NO SEX ! \ " WHERE THE HELL DOES HE COME UP WITH THIS MESS ? " 
Off to see Kosey's Winter Show at school ! It should be fun ! Haven't been out anywhere since Emmerick was born other than the hospital ... 
Met Kosey's teacher and she said he is a very special child . Hell , must be doing something right as parents . He is special to us too . 
OMG ! WHY THE HELL IS TOYS R US SO DAMN PACKED ? AND THE LINE IS 5 < PROPMALE > LONG AND MOVING SLOW AS HELL ! KOSEY BETTER LOVE HIS MOM . THEY ARE THE ONLY ONES THAT HAVE THIS DAMN CAR !!! 
It amazes me when I look at Kosey's baby pictures , how both my boys look so similar . 
A refusal to love ourselves often manifests as illness . Learn what it means to love yourself people ! 
When you were born you were crying and everyone around you was smiling . Live your life so that when you die , you're the one who is smiling and everyone around you is crying tears of joy . 
When one door closes in life , another one opens , but often times we look so long at the closed door that we don't see the one that has been opened for us . Open your eyes and pay attention ! 
IT CAN B LIFE TRANSFORMING TO RELIVE OUR PASTS BECUZ IT CAN HELP US CONFRONT ILLUSIONS ABOUT OURSELVES . WE WON'T REMEMBER UNLESS WE WANT 2 FIND OUR TRUTH . THE TRUTH OF OUR MEMORIES DOES SET US FREE , HELPING US 2 UNDERSTAND WHO WE ARE . IT HELPS US RELEASE EMOTIONAL PATTERNS THAT DON'T WORK IN TURN SUPPORTING OUR HEALTH . 
My baby weighed 8lbs 2 oz at the doctor visit today ! Has a hernia that I hope will heal itself over the next few years . Has to drink water everyday . But all in all he is a healthy boy . Just didn't like the Hep B shot ... :( 
Happy New Year ! I am chillin ' at home with my boys ! Be safe if you are gonna go to a party ! Have fun too ! Love , peace and happiness to you all ! 
Try not to control every minute of your life . When we control , we plan where we're going to go and then direct ourselves there . But think about it ... most of the time when we plan something or arrive where we wanted to go we end up discovering that didn't get what we wanted or go where we wanted after-all . 
Fear should not guide our behavior , it makes us compromise . Compromise makes us untrue to ourselves . Being untrue to ourselves makes us unfulfilled . Time to find inner guidance ! 
I WAS FEELING PRETTY GOOD FOR RUNNING A LITTLE OVER A MILE AND THEN I READ THAT BABIES CAN GET COLIC FROM A MOTHER HAVING STRESS IN HER THIRD TRIMESTER . JUST FABULOUS , EXPLAINS WHY EMM IS CRYING BETWEEN 11 TO 1 LATELY ... 
I am so proud of my boy Kosey ! He got mostly all A's and only one B ! He told me next time he would have no C's and he sure was right ! Reading and writing went from C's to A's! Smart boy ! 
Why do people think that it is alright to blatantly disrespect you and go against your wishes and do some trifling shit that they know you would not appreciate ? Well , I got news ... All these people did was create conflict and loss of a privilege and they don't even know it yet . All because people want to be spiteful . See where that gets you now ... 
Wow ! Silence in the house ! All the boys are asleep ! 
It should be our goal to develop sincerity , the capacity to mean what we say , both to ourselves and others . 
I tell you , I am so proud of my boy Kosey ! He just got his scores back for the DIBELS and he exceeded the goal scores in all three categories ! 1st category goal = 35 His score = 50 ; 2nd category goal = 50 His score 114 ; 3rd goal = 20 His score 62 He is my little brain ! 
I seriously love the independence of working on my own not having to take orders from others . It is truly wonderful ! 
Oh , this is going to be fun . A nice weekend away for a couple days ... BYE ! 
www.amtamembers.com/bodysmiles 
Emmerick is something else ... He cannot stand poo on his bootie ! He will scream at the top of his damn lungs so that you will get it off asap ! And if you don't do it fast enough he screams louder ! Jeez ! 
THIS SNOW STORM SUCKS !!! SCHOOL OUT FOR KOSEY TOMORROW ! EVERYONE BE SAFE ! 
Yay ! It stopped snowing ! Are we gonna be able to get out tomorrow ? Hmmmm ... We will see . 
Some people seriously need to get laid ! Or if your damn job makes you so unhappy/stressed out maybe you should get a new one or learn how to stop taking your frustration out on other people ! It is called RESPECT ! Now go get laid ! 
WOW ! Can I get a damn financial break ? Now my damn car wouldn't start and it needs to be towed to the dealership ! Think it needs an alternator or starter ... DAMN IT !!!!!!!! 
I am going to the doc today , hope I don't have a herniated disc in my neck ! That's all I need . STUPID NECK ! 
I got a new do ' and a new attitude ! LOL ! 
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY EVERYBODY ! XOXOXOXOX ! LOVE , HUGS AND KISSES ! 
www.BodysmilesMT.com 
Kosey just got an HONOR ROLL and CITEZENSHIP AWARD ! You go Boy ! I love that child ! He is my life and love ! 
OMG ! My quads are so sore ! From doing Thai massage sessions ! Wow ! I seriously need to workout like I was pre-pregnancy ! 
Be the < PROPFEMALE > baby ! 
Did anyone see the big round full < PROPFEMALE > last night ? It was so awesome ! Oh , well off to the car show ! PEACE ! 
I can't stand people ! Y is it : when U r in an elevator 2 get out the people waiting 2 get on r in ur damn way becuz they r in a rush ; when U r walking through a crowd some moron continues to hit the back of your heals with the stroller ; that people rush 2 walk in front of U but then walk as slow as hell ; that U r holding a door open for someone with a baby & everyone cuts in front of them ? RUDE IGNORAMUSES I TELL YA ! 
BACK IN THE SADDLE AGAIN ! I'M BACK ! BACK IN THE SADDLE AGAIN ! HELL YES AND IT IS A GOOD THING ! 
Do not boast about your knowledge . Be Humble . 
Some people feel better about themselves placing blame for failed relations on the other party instead of blaming themselves for their part in it ! Keep on being so naive . You are the guilty one , keep up the mirage of your farce ! I will no longer care about the nonsense others try project onto me ! 
I loathe the lepers that dance in senseless articulation within their abysmal cesspool of foolishness ... 
NA-A NAWA ROKHA PAYATI VINASANTI = WE PRAY FOR THE 1 WHOM WE TOUCH , THAT HE/SHE WILL BE HAPPY & THAT ILLNESS WILL BE RELEASED FROM HIM/HER . 
It is a damn shame when your child asks you why he doesn't see certain people in his family anymore . All I can say is that I have tried to call to talk but my attempts have failed . No answer or return call . 
The door will remain open , I have no expectations , negative feelings no longer plague me , I let go and will continue to < PROPFEMALE > with love . That is all I can do . 
The mouth is the gateway to all the diseases of the body . 
I want to send a shout-out to my sister < PROPFIRST > . Congratulations on finishing your nail tech certification ! I am proud of you ! See you at 6 for the graduation ! 
Damn . Kosey threw up today . My poor babies . 
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls , and looks like work . - < PROPFIRST > A . < PROPMALE > 
Stress : Everyone experiences it . No on is immune , because it is a necessary component of life . But you don't have to let it overpower you . Learn how to manage it . 
Kosey thinks he is < PROPMALE > Dangerfield . He told me we don't give him any respect . 
When choosing between two evils , I always like to pick the one I never tried before . \ < PROPFEMALE > West " 
\The man who questions opinion is wise ; the man who quarrels with fact is a fool . \ " < PROPFIRST > A . Garbutt " 
A tough decision has been made , I am deeply saddened but relieved that it is done . I will forever be indebted to a certain person for the rest of my life for giving me the freedom to be who I am and respecting my decisions . I love you and respect you . 
Some people are so desperate that they will screw someone else over in order to get what they want ! Pathetic ! 
Integrity is so important . Too bad so many people have none ! Your word is your bond . If you cannot stick to your word , you are nothing ( but a liar ) . Do what you say and say what you do . 
I am so excited ! I have been asked to be a \success story\ " on my massage school website ! How awesome ! " 
Emmerick does not behave like he was 6 weeks early ! That boy is eating bottles with thick oatmeal in it ! If he doesn't get it he will scream ! He is going to be a big boy ! JEEZ ! 
You pave your own path in life , make it as smooth as possible , the less bumps along the way the better ... Make it good ! Love , peace & joy ! 
Being happy doesn't mean everything's perfect . It means you've decided to see beyond the imperfections . 
Emmerick just ate his first food ! Pear's and he ate the whole jar ! Jeez ! The boy is gonna be ginormous ! 
