I'm on the Isle of Wight and I miss you all ! But I am having a great time . Ferry tomorrow and < PROPFEMALE > on Saturday ! 

I'm back home !!! 
aww thanks guys ! thats so sweet ! 
Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > .. may the masses remember and < PROPFEMALE > your music for decades to come . 1958-2009 
heading to b < PROPMALE > soon .. Driver's < PROPMALE > is almost overrr ! yay ! 
On my way to st. Maarten ! 
Just got home from Spivey Hall about to go to bed then up at 7 am to go to dr's office and then back to Spivey for more practice ... whew hoo ! 
Just doing my reading for school and babysitting ... well they are in bed so here I am . <3 Myka Murphy L- is for the way you look at me . O- is for the only one I see . V- is very very Extraordinary . E- is even more then everything that I adore . Love is all that I can give to you . Love is just a game for two . Two in love can make it .. Take my heart But please don't break it . Love was made for me and you ! 
about to start my homework ... 
Peace out homies Lovs ! 
Je m'appelle THUNDER HORSE ! Ecoute moi NAY ! 
J for joyfulness O for outrageous tall tales N for new albums A for the alluring harmonies S for sweet serenades Tomorrow's the day marked on all the fangirls calendars . Even me .. Let the adventure begin ! 
studying for the killer math test .. but feeling a lil better about it now .. thanks mads ! 
FACEBOOK is being mean ! LOOK AT THIS : Warning ! You are engaging in behavior that may be considered annoying or abusive by other users . Facebook's systems determined that you were going too fast when sending chat messages . You must significantly slow down . Further misuse of site features may result in a temporary block or your account being permanently disabled . For further information , please visit our FAQ < PROPFEMALE > . 
I like to go out walking In the pouring rain I want my rock n roll to Make the window shake I wait ' til three am To call everyone I know I'm gonna bring the noise I'm ready here we go 
Ponyo was cuteeeee ! 
possibly have Strepe . :( 
When you get to the bottom You go back to the top of the slide Where you stop and you turn and you go for a ride and you stop and you see me again ! Do you don't you want me to love you I'm coming down fast but I'm < PROPMALE > above you Tell me tell me come on tell me the answer and you may be a lover but you ain't no dancer Go helter skelter -U2 and Beatles 
Well I am officially \sick\ " and my mom is making me go to bed .. how lame is that ? IF you were supposed to send me some information facebook it to me . or email me at myka.momentous@yahoo.com I will put the project together tomorrow . " 
I l-l-l-Love massage chairs ! Did you its all about you ? NOT ! lol ... Its about everyone ! 
I'm looking for a lover not a friend Somebody who can be there when I need someone to talk to I'm looking for someone who won't pretend Somebody not afraid to say the way they feel about you .. -myka 
About to head down to the lobby for some drinks with the wedding party .. funnn shhhtufffff . 
Doing horrible homework ... Terribly dull ! ehhh .. BLEHHH ! listening to Pandora ! Gotta luv it ! bye luvies ! 
Just got home ... Go trojans ! Go Trojans ! Lo <3 -Myka 
She's blood flesh and bone No tucks or silicone She's touch , smell , sight , taste , and sound But somehow I can't believe That anything should happen I know where I belong And nothin's going to happen Cause she's so high High above me She's so lovely She's so high Like < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > of Arc , or Aphrodite d-d-d-da da she's so high -- high above me -LO <3 MYKA- 
Just got home from Spivey Hall ! Fantastic no ?? I have LOADS of homework to do and tests/ quizzes to study for .. ughhhhhh life is totally stinking right now :( 
I know you're scared Everybody gets a lil stage fright but we're prepared and the mood is set & its coming together just right What should we do now that we are caught in the middle of the spotlight ? I can feel your butterflies , if we kiss will they fly away ? lo <3 s Myka 
So nervous about the World History test .. :/ eeps ... 
Darling ... I don't know how to tell you this , but there's a Chinese family in our bathroom . haha ! Gotta love < PROPMALE > ! I <3 500 days of Summer . 
Ugh this math is killing me . I swear on my gravestone will state : Here lies Myka Murphy . The first to die from Accelerated Math 2 .. Pathetic . Isn't it ? 
No SCHOOL TOMORROW ! EEPS ! TO THOSE WHO DOUBTED THAT THERE WAS A RAIN GOD ! THERE ! lol ... 
NO SCHOOL AGAIN ! THANK YOU RAIN GODS !!! 
Sadness ... The Rain gods cannot prolong our no school days .. :( there is school tomorrow ... 
I am going to bed . Night you guys ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s party . fun shhtufff 
Every generation gets a < PROPMALE > to change the world Pity the nation that won't listen to your boys and girls Cause the sweetest < PROPFEMALE > is the one we haven't heard Is it true that perfect love drives out all fear The right to appear ridiculous is something I hold dear Oh , but a change of heart comes slow 
the rapper : corrupting the world , one lyric at a time 
paint and carpet is picked . the room is almost finished ! yay ! 
ABout to get ready for my lil cuz Bday dinner ! Did i ever tell you i love japanese food ?! Well I do ! Actually everything about Japan in awesome ! 
Best birthday dinner ever ! I love you racchelle ! 
Best Monday ever ! 
Cuz I know that after tonight , You don't have to look up at the stars no-no-no-no . And I know by the end of tonight , You don't have to look up at the stars . And I know if the love is alright , You don't have to look up at the stars no-no-no-no . I know by the end of tonight You don't have to look up at the stars No-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no 
back from that 12 hour drive from < PROPFEMALE > . 
shake shake shale it like a polaroid picture ! heyyyya heyyya ! 
packing for Belmont ! 
In Nashville ! its awesome . Soooo cool . Country hall of fame and shopping ! Belmont was grrrrreat ! 
ready to go to bed ... researching the famed < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > .. yea put THAT in your cuppa hot choc-o-late 
my homework sucks ! < PROPMALE > was awesomme ! and yes there were epic haircuts . 
trojans are 12-0 ! yay ! 
driving and driving around ... OH if i dont see until then \Darling i love you all lots ! \ " ( Thats for all of you in cyberspace world and especially the one reading it riiiiiight now ! ) and happy TURKEY DAY ! " 
So its the day before thanksgiving and I am dancing in my kitchen to pop music ! Best break ever ! lol ... Darling dears- Happy Turkey day ! 
' Ey ' ou ! yea you ! Did you know that I love you ? yep you ! well great .. now you know . Well I gotta go , but it was nice to meetcha .. tah tah for now darlings ! 
Did you know < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is horrendously dull and tiresome ? Its the truth ! 
going to bed peace out homes ! 
I think i am really sick of chemistry I hate thissss 
Ap world vocab test tomorrow ... studying .. blehhh 
I got a haircut ! whatcha think ?! 
take a breath .... relax ... get comfortable ... and study ! ughhhh ... :( 
The Mission is terribly sad ... IT DOES NOT HAVE A HAPPY ENDING ! :( - Its quite a tear jerker . 
finished the concert and ate dinner ... now starting homework Only 5 more performances to go ! 
ASO Concert rehersal 
My throat is murdering me .... is that even possible ? ( i dunno but it feels that way . ) cleaning my room BORING ! 
Happy < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I am laughing so hard from this Rockband Concert is so rrendously hilarious ! o my goodness I can't breathe 
Happy Christmas ! And Happy Kwanzaa < PROPFEMALE > ! 
SHERLOCK HOLMES WAS EPIC ! 
why did Wright pick such long APUSH movies ? 
do we say oh- ten ? ( like oh- nine for 2009 ) or is it just 2010 ? or can we say twenty-ten ? 
No School today ! YIPEE ! I just slept in and am so happy ! 
Fushia 
hey if your driveway is iced over ... do you have to go to school ? 
Just watched the opening of < PROPFEMALE > Trek in our new home theater !!! 
What do you see when you see me , sir ? The very same thing that makes you bitter . So you'll say all these outrageous things , that's what you do . Yes , but you're no poet man . You just want everyone looking at you . So I'll show no frown . Oh , all over town , yes all over this town . There are people who would undermine me if they could . Won't let them in . -The Kooks 
I made All-State ! It's official ! 
They are wrong ... a person is stupid but people together are just plain idiots . What can they say ? There is power in < PROPFIRST > ... but there is always someone suppling the bad news , or the\hype\ " that makes stupid people join together . " 
\Passion without Governance is Anarchy ... \"- Mr. < PROPMALE > " 
\ The music washed away all the hate . And society started advancing . Every demographic was represented . It was a rainbow coalition of dancing . Whoa ! Everyone was wearing fingerless gloves . Whoaaaaaoaaaaaoh ! \"- Boombox by lonely island " 
Making new harmonies to every song on the radio . 
IT'S SPRING BREAK ! AND I AM EXCITED THE iPad is coming to my house tomorrow !!! 
Officially using the iPad . So cool ! 
Happy happy Easter ! I'm glad the < PROPFEMALE > came ... Haappy happy Easter ! But all the < PROPFEMALE>'s the same ! Lol . <3 ya ! 
riding to tupelo ... 
don't wanna go to school tomorrow ... sadness ... 
There is something beautifully serene about laying in the backyard and watching the stars ... 
Happy Birthday to the Earth ! 
its so dark outside 
Happy Mother's Day to my mother : < PROPFEMALE > Murphy and all your mothers too ! 
my head is gonna explode from all this information ....... TOO MUCH HISTORY 
Sweet pea , Apple of my eye . Don't know when and I don't know why . You're the only reason I keep on coming home . Sweet pea , What's all this about ? Don't get your way , all you do is fuss and pout . You're the only reason I keep on coming home . I like the Rock of Gibraltar . I always seem to falter . And the words just get in the way . Oh I know I'm gonna crumble . I'm trying to stay humble . But I never think before I say . 
Had the best spivey hall night ever . 
Listening to < PROPMALE > Lehrer ... he is hilarious ! 
I just saw Avenue Q ! It was crazy good ! So hilarious !!! \Everyone is a lil racist ... \"" 
Riding to Spivyy ... 
We can't be manderano marauders ... Ugh saddness 
I feel utterly stuffed .... two words : Brazilian steakhouse 
Braves game 2 to 1 ... Go Braves ! Good job < PROPMALE > ! 
Thanks so much for the Birthday wishes ! 
is wonderin ' why in all these photos I have bright red eyes ... 
On my way to NY to meet family !!! Yay ! 
shopping then sleeping then recording then piano then Nashville ... Ain't life grand ? 
\it's so FLUFFY I'm gonna DIE !!! \"" 
goodness gracious ... I need to brush up on my french ... Schoooooooooolllll noooooooooooo ahhhhhhhh ! 
The Other Guys was hilarious . I loved it . 
Vote < PROPFEMALE > for Vice President for Lassiter's < PROPMALE > class ! 
Doing homework ... for School .. WHY ?! Oh remember : this Friday vote for < PROPFEMALE > for Lassiter's < PROPMALE > VP ! 
\\ 
Joséphine est fatigué . Ses yeux se ferment très lentement ... très lentement . Son lit appelle son nom ... si elle doit quitter maintenant . Elle dit au revoir 
I despise thesis analysis . 
well apparantly I am married .... to who ? that is unknown .. But I got a congrats from someone i dont know via text about it ... Where are all my wedding gifts ? lmao . 
I never get cool comments anymore ... -insert sad smiley face- 
It's like a dream - you try to remember but it's gone . Then ya , try to scream but it only comes out as a yawn . When ya , try to see the world beyond your front door . Take your time cos the way I rhyme's gonna make you smile .... 
doing .... homework .... sigh . 
I am catching up on my Disney classics !!! Meeko ! Haha I love pocahontas (?) that's sad I don't remember how to spell it . Lol . 
I am utterly screwed/dead with online health . :( 
ahhhhhhh two days !!!!!! 
Ahhhhhhhhhh !!!! Just a couple more hours ! 
@ 6:20 I will be on my way !!!! 
Wow this week has been just bad ... 
SAT Tomorrow . Sick . Ugh . 
Happy 70th birthday < PROPFIRST > lenno . peace . love . 
wow ... can life get anymore stressful ? 
i got a solo at spivvy ! yay ! :D 
sick . 
listening to BB Brunes CD . 
Light travels faster than sound . This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak . 
spivvy concert ! 
I need help on this COT sentences 
4 days left 
1st annual < PROPMALE > Potter marathon ! 1 movie down 5 to go .... then the Deathly Hallows part 1 tomorrow ! 
sleep . yay . 
Je jure en français sera la mort de moi . Je pense que ce serait la bonne façon de < PROPFEMALE > dire ... :/ 
I'm hitting the figurative stack of hay ... good luck world . \ 
French- I give up .. you win . 
Too much to do . stress ... gotta dis-like it 
studying at Starbucks with Beka Miller :D 
Sunday Spivey Performance ... One of the greatest days of the holiday season . :D I love my Spivey Family . 
I'm having a white Christmas in tupelo ! 
feeling so relaxed ... happy new year's < PROPFEMALE > ! 
i just got home ... tired . stressed . I still have to study . :/ 
\Welcome to the show it goes a little bit like this 
oh please snow ! 
Oh my gosh school is cancelled ! YIPPEE ! 
homemade hot chocolate and a winter wonderland ... check that off my list . 
NO SCHOOL AGAIN BECAUSE OF SNOWWWWW ! 
SCHOOL IS CLOSED AGAIN YAYYYYY ! 
School closed again . yay ! 
Where can I find a pillow pet ? 
I <3 Sleep ! 
APUSH .... Funn ... 
losing my voice . 
Sick with < PROPFIRST > Morley 
AP < PROPFEMALE > ... I hate procrastination ... yet I still manage to do it . :/ 
Even though I know procrastination is bad ... I still manage to fall for it's sweet seduction ... WHY ? 
Without weird people , life would be vanilla ice cream with out sprinkles and who doesn't like sprinkles ? I am a weird person and I've embraced it ! :D 
