Going to Math class 

Sitting in the LTC building \\ 
Waiting in the Liberal Arts building for English 
Listing to my English teacher talk about something .... I think its about politics 
going to MCC 
Chillin in the LTC Building 
Leaving MCC and going home YAY ! 
Done Failing Algebra today 
Passed my history test ... donw with English ... time to get food and go home ! 
Waiting till tonight to go hunting ... so those other guys dont get my < PROPMALE > i saw thursday 
watching meet the Robinsons 
Says Geology Rocks ! 
Just got dropped from my College Algebra ... sad day ? or is it ? 
is on thanksgiving break ... yay ! now to write my english paper oh joy ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Thanksgiving round 2 tomorrow ! 
too much food ! 
dosent want to take her finals 
watching the Stormchasers season finale 
TRYing to write my 2 essays but ... facebook distracted me 
drinking a cappuccino while waiting for english 
its too cold ! now hurry up and snow ! 
Its Snowing ! 
Wants more snow 
two finals tomorrow and one wednesday ... then im done ! 
My Physical Geology test was about as fun as the ASVAB ! 
The wheel in the sky keeps on turning 
only one final left !!! 
woo ! christmas break ! 
Borderlands is one awesome game 
borderlands is an awesome game ... till the end ... epic fail i hope the expansions are better 
reading MLIA 
getting ready for my extended faimly christmas saturday ... its gonna be a blast already i know 
well what do ya know < PROPFIRST > was right ... it is snowing !!! 
¡Feliz Navidad ! 
mmm ... hot chocolate 
its snowing ?.... again ? 
Sometimes Life Just Sucks 
can never get her hair to stay up in a ponytail 
woo ! classes tomorrow ! 
an hour and 20 mins on the phone with tech support .... yay ... and all i mannaged to get was a cramp in my hand 
MCC Highlanders : There Can Be Only One ! 
Ok first off news reporter it wasnt a great earthquake it was a < PROPMALE > earthquake ... a great earthquake is a 8.0 - 8.9 and last time i checked it was a 7.0 ... 
Trying to decide if i want to do my algebra now or later ... 
I got my laptop fixed !!!! 
Installing stuff on my laptop and watching Untamed and Uncut 
I feel like a pirate in algebra ... always lookin for the X 
Hurray for PdaNet !! 
its fun watching the blobs in my lava lamp 
Go Hecklers Go ! 
why does < PROPFIRST > have better internet than me ? 
one day im gonna get me a new laptop 
class tomorrow at 8 am ! 
realy mad at < PROPFIRST > right now 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ! 
Go , go , Power Rangers ! 
< PROPMALE > Glover > Denzel Washington 
I know the answer ! < PROPFEMALE > on let me think ... its right there on the tip of my toungh .. Argh ! This is gonna drive me crazy ! I just heard it the otherday ! 
just < PROPFIRST > a somewhat epic ninja battle on my english assignment ! 
867-5309 
I watched Inglorius Bastards and District 9 ... Ingloruis Bastards in my new fav movie and the little alien in District 9 was too cute ! 
a lot of people think i hate watermellons , but you just have to kill it before ya eat it ... thats all . 
just watched the Bored Identity , the Bored Supremecy and the Bored Ulitmatum ... 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status and put the first entry under comments ... 
The trick is read what your teacher suggests even if its not required ... then you will gain some common ground 
im going to stab my phone , throw it off the St. < PROPFIRST > arch and then finaly drownd it in the bosque river . 
Ok here's the deal weather : If your gonna make it cold at least give us snow ! 
well its snowing ... 
so this is what snow looks like ... 
monday you won ... i hate today 
its snowing ! and classes dont start till 10:30 booo ! 
im hungry ... i want a pizza 
i made a 100 on my algebra test !! =D 
i need a nap 
Knowledge is Power . Time is Money . As every physicist knows , Power = Work/Time . Therefore , Knowledge = Power = Work / Time = Work / Money , or Money = Work / Knowledge Thus for any given amount of work , as Knowledge approaches zero , Money goes to infinity ( the executives ) . And conversely , as Knowledge gets larger , Money gets smaller ( scientists and academics ) . 
i love getting ready for the county wide garage sale ! 
so i was watching madea's family reunion and they used the exact same chairs we have 
While your at it congress can you pass a tax that makes me pay for your screw ups too ? oh wait ... 
i sense a change comming next election ... 
Let's add another $2.5 trill to our $ 12,674,606,830,262 . 42 ok ? 
great i cant use my left middle finger QQ stupid gate 
So I went to the zoo today ... there was a lion ... he went RAWR ! 
Just dropped off an application at Meridian State park ... I hope i get it 
I want an icecream cone dipped in chocolate =3 
I love watching edited movies 
Fml 
Jurassic park You're on notice !!! 
WTFH !? obama how is the CIA supposed to know in a flash if an attacker of a gov offical has a prior criminal racord ?! 
anyone know how the tennis team is doing ? 
Was with my cusion In the ER and we didn't get back until 3am ... ish 
Gettin ready for the county wide garage sale 
Hey come buy some stuff ! 
Stupidity is a disease which we cannot cure 
working on her stupid parallel evolution project 
Jurrasic Park isnt so Jurrasic anymore ... 
realy wants to see < PROPFIRST>'s prom pics !!! 
Hates it when people get 2 inches away from my ear to tell me something ... I'm only partialy deaf in one ear ! I can hear you fine ! 
Loves starbucks 
About to give my speech ... hopefully I do better than the other groups ! 
Curse you strbucks and your delecious white cocolate mocha ! 
Woo ! I'm making a 100% in my algebra class ! Which is a first ... 
Sorry teach sometimes I'm too tired to care 
To the person with Stop Global Warming written on their car ... i'de like to see you stop nature ! 
I hope you get a paper cut ! 
First you put us deeper in debt and now you take away the moon ... what next ? 
is today national papercut day or did i do something wrong ? 
Ugh ... hospitals 
Just had the best breaded talapia ! 
i dont like it that only 1 out of 4 of my teachers use blackboard ... the other 3 need to use it too ! 
I'm pretty sure my brain has been on auto all day 
I hate english class ... I'm also sure that my professor hates me too ... 
Happy national kindergarden day 
Walking Tall is such a good movie 
Audiobooks FTW ! 
So The Goose Girl ended up being a good book after all ... 
I hate it when other people judge someone behind their back ... haven't you heard of closing the door ? 
Thanks Mr. Duncan ... i appreciate the heads up 
Less talk radio in the morning ... more music ! 
I like turtles 
thinkin about transfering ... eventualy 
one more final and im done ! then time to job hunt -.- 
Its amazing what a good cup of coffee can do 
Reunion time ... 
Grats class of 2010 ! 
I love sitting in the back seat ... no one listens to you . 
So why are they replacing McChrystal ? 
Don't ya hate it when the store dosent have the first book in a series ? 
Spy swap ! 
Volunteering at the zoo for the join the pride event 
Thinking about going to the mammoth site after I get done at the zoo 
English first thing in the morning .... wonderful ! 
Everytime you lick a stamp you consume 1\\10 of a calorie 
Holy ..... its raining ! 
The \you are here\ " arrow on a map is called an ideo locater . " 
If you spelled out < PROPFIRST > you would get to 1,000 before you used the letter A 
4 hours of enviromental volunteer work ... what fun ! 
I may fail at ebay ... but I win at amazon ! 
I wanna go to a circus . 
Wonders when mcc will clear the poor trees away 
Omg mcc starbucks is outta milk !!! 
< PROPFIRST > Bieber ... on CSI .... Awesome ! 
Well i got lost on the way to Lab ... 
Sometimes your the windshield and othertimes the bug . 
American Idol is not news ! Finding new species of animals is ! 
Thx mcc for the email and makin me paranoid ! 
Space bags are a rip off -.- 
I should start buyin Brawny paper towels , apparently they sing ! 
why is it they sound like someone is dying when they retire ? 
Cacti just seem pretty confident in themselves . Kind of like they're saying ' stop questioning me or you'll bleed . ' 
its raining ... great ... 
Of course it starts raining harder when I get outta class .... 
Don't you hate it when people keep putting their hand on your shoulder and you don't know them ? 
GJ Boys ! 
I should do my english homework .... 
Why does it seem all english essay topics are too long and boring to write about ? 
Geography .... Geology ..... connection ?.... I think so 
Texas : only state with right of capture . Woo ! 
Your weird PETA .... very weird 
I really need to find that secret way off MCC that doesn't involve traffic . 
The sun keeps trying to burn the Norwegian outta me ... so far it hasn't been successful . 
Thank you for calling USA Prime Credit ! My name is < PROPFEMALE > how may I help you ? 
Woo ! one more cow ! 
Successfully chased a cow several hundred yards ... got my workout ! 
Book ' em Dano . 
Tomorrow is just your future yesterday 
Well my dad cut the powerline wbile shredding ... 
Powers back ! 
I wonder if anyone has tried to < PROPMALE > the Cash Cab ... and if so would < PROPMALE > quiz them to their destination ? 
Why can't I use the same topic for geography and english ? 
Sooo bored ! 
Garage sale time ! =D 
Anyone need a pop-up deer blind ? 
Soooooo boreddddddd 
So apparently after my dad cut the power line the pros ' we hired to fix the line and bury the line , so dad wouldn't hit it again , cut the power line to our well , almost rip the transformer off the pole and wont be able to fix the power line till tuesday ... 
I hate dogs ... 
watching A Knights Tale =D ! 
Happy 12th Birthday Google ! 
< PROPFIRST > Your Awesome ! =D 
Sick =( 
I wonder when our electrical line will be fixed ... 
< PROPFIRST > the exterminator =D 
A quick note to those other people who help shape who I am now . 
The best geology is often done in the toy department ! 
Takin over cybertron ! Brb ! 
I need some quick inpuit for an english essay topic : 
I'm calling bs on mcc's internet 
My car battery died =( but at least I was at my granny's house when it happend =D 
Soooo .... when's the next band contest ? 
... And the turkey truck shall blot out the sun ... 
were and when does the band march tomorrow ? 
Apparently I can't put my ideas on paper before research .... 
Either there is a goverment cover up about chernobyl or mcc's ebrary isn't worth a flip . 
Is now on twitter ! 
Pumpkin pie , pumpkin blizzard , pumpkin latte ... I love october 
Thanks for wishing me a happy birthday ! 
Homework , you can wait ... today is my day 
Well ... that's an interesting way of doing things mcc ... using a tractor and a single plow disk to edge ... bravo 
Biomining ... that's gonna be interesting ! 
Breaking news ! There is a tornado in the DFW area ... everyone is being evacuated to the Arlignton Stadium because they know there won't be a touchdown there . 
Why is it when little kids and old people fall asleep its cute ? And when grown up fall asleep its rude and disrespectful ? 
My culinary creation is lookin pretty good ! 
Stupid frizzy hair ... I hate you ! 
I wonder if this 5 hour energy works .... only one way to find out . 
Today is just crappy 
Why is it that waiting rooms rarely anything but Texas Highways , People and Better Homes and Gardens ? 
Fable 3 ! 
Deer season =D 
Why can't there be any good frozen macaroni & cheese ? 
Who are the Kardashians and why do I need to care ? 
I'm never gonna do a car wash ever again ... 
Weekend ! 
Why do some people ask what school/college you go to when you have their logo on your clothes ? 
Does anybody know what time it realy is ? Does anybody realy care ? 
Afhgjmkgfd .... bah ! I give up ! Greedy good for nuthin ... rotten ... jncfdkifrds 
What I learned today : between population , water , natural resources , pollution and glodal warming we are all screwed . 
Put a banana in your ear ! 
May you rest in the arms of angels great uncle < PROPFEMALE > . 
I need some chapstick 
If anyone knows or finds out what's happening to the birds , fish and crabs let me know plz ! 
i'm thinking that i need to get my books organized . 
Just added my book collection to www.goodreads.com and after sorting them I only found one book missing Breaking < PROPFEMALE > . Now to find that straggler . 
It's raining ! It's Pouring .... 
stupid windows .... letting the cold in without permission 
2 things I have never done : use a full tube of chapstick , completely use up an eraser . 
Can anyone define normal ? 
The Last thing I want to do is hurt you . \ 
But it's still on the list . 
Texas .... You are one weird state . 
Anyone know a good taxidermist ? 
