I stay up late and don't do anything productive 

< PROPMALE > has returned . 
Is in California right now - it freaking rocks ! 
Is back from California - and got fried . Stupid missionary body that hasn't seen sun in two years ...... 
Finally saw the Dark Knight - it was awesome ! 
Give them nothing ! Take from them ... Everything ! 
Football is glorious ! 
Sucks at facebook 
Needs to post pictures soon 
Hey all I have a PSP I bought before the mish that I have yet to use since I got back - perfect condition with accesories - invisible shield , protective case and 4 games thinkin to sell for about 170-200 dollars . Know anyone interested ? 
has transformed into a completely different person with his haircut . It's freaking creepy 
What better way to bring in the new year than to party til 3am at the U ? 
To my everlasting shame a friend finally convinced me to watch twilight(the first one ) . I felt like I was in some sick < PROPMALE > high school creepy girls ' lustful fantasy-the kind she wouldn't dare tell her parents or even her friends about until 15 years later when she decided to write it all down when it didn't end up happening to her . And I lost respect for those who wish they could join this fantasy . Disgusting . 
Call me crazy but yes I worked out at 2am 
\Looks aren't everything - but they are the beginning \"" 
Been home for going on 7 months and am still giving the RM talk with the high council around the stake haha 
Wow - nice guys really do finish last 
All men !!!! If you support the fight against prostate cancer write down the color of your underpants on facebook !!!!! 
I swear on all that is holy that if it snows this Saturday and I don't work I will go snowboarding !!!! Who's with me ? 
I want to be free 
What the ... facebook just barely changed before my very eyes 
haha wow i'm an idiot . 
Just signed my life away to Branbury !! 
I wish my homework was asexual so it would do itself !! 
Yep - it's 6am , I have work in three hours , and have yet to go to sleep . Lol what a wild Friday night . 
Farewell < PROPMALE > :( Another one bites the dust . 
Bring it on 
Curse you organic chemistry !!! Won't complain too much about 85% 
Farewell Utah !!!!! Let's do this 
Misses being an 80 degree beach ! Shouldn't have come back - leave for 3 days and BYU loses and the country loses it's mind ! 
Afraid I will punch someone if I go to my philosophy class today and listen to people worship obama 
I can't believe it - No joke an old man driving like a slow drunk with an oxygen tank flipped me off as I passed him !!!! Are you kidding me ? 
Need to decide very soon whether or not to transfer to BYU 
Randomly thinking of running a half marathon 
Are you serious ? What is with UVU giving the last test at 4 on Sat . when some people can only take tests certain days and actually WORK ? I swear these freaking idiots plan college crap for people who just go to school and don't have to work !!!!! Now I'm screwed 
2am so freaking done with chemistry - die now 
Linkin Park Rocks . Period . 
I have officially concluded that everyone has an identical evil twin at UVU . It's been right too many times to ignore !!! 
Mozambique here I come !!!! 
just made over 100 dollars in 6 hours ! bwahahaha ! 
haha What better day to spend all my waking moments working on my research paper than my birthday ? 
22 years ago , something amazing happened - ME . Thanks everyone so much for a great birthday !!! You will be rewarded in Heaven !!!! 
Have no choice . I work too much this weekend and now have to take a test I am so not prepared for . 
Is a recent addict to < PROPFIRST > Mayer 
Better to die like a Tiger than live like a pussy 
As of today I officially have my Associates in Science and am free !!!! 
The way I see it paying Tithing is like paying rent on your body 
NOOOOOO !!!!! 
Going to Styx/Foreigner/Kansas Concert !!!! 
Gone to Arizona for 4 days - which means something incredibly exciting and important will certainly happen while I'm gone - later people !!! 
It's currently freaking impossible for me to sleep - solution : running at 1am ! 
Failure 
Signing up for Mapleton Moonlight Half-Marathon !! 
7.78 < PROPMALE > in 63:48 - got some work to do 
Sundays are LONG 
Headed back to San < PROPMALE > for a week in August !!! 
430am and for some reason sleep and I are not friends tonight 
Fell asleep in my clothes for 11 hours and woke up not knowing where I was hahaha 
Running the 180 mile Red Rock Relay in September !!!! 
Please does anyone want to buy a cheap laptop ? I need to get rid of mine 
Moving out all weekend and working almost 22 hours in 2 days is not my idea of fun 
Just got to San < PROPMALE > - here til Sunday !! 
Back in Utah . Dangit . 
Desperation has forced me to run 9 < PROPMALE > at 1am 
So it begins . 
Half marathon tonight !!! 
Ran my Half Marathon in 1 hour , 24 minutes !!!!! 
I get to < PROPFEMALE > out with my mom this Thursday ! :) 
Curse you anatomy ! Curse you !! 
Rockin ' the Red Rock this weekend !!! 
Back from Southern Utah - that was the freaking bomb !! 
Will soon be getting to the point where I spend more time with dead people than the living 
My weekend is doomed 
Wants His life back ! 
has resorted to going to school early and hitting the same class twice so I know what the freak is going on !!!!! Wake me up when December Ends !!!! 
College was so freaking designed for people who don't have to work 35+ hours a week or whose parents pay for bloody everything ! 
Calm before the storm 
As a proud BYU fan , I feel it my duty to proclaim that Jimmer Fredette is an overrated moron 
Just went through another round of friend deletion on Facebook and has officially deleted over 300 friends !!!! hahahaha 
December 15th is the day of my freedom . 
