\Winter is a time of alcoholism and despair . \"" 

is going to plant a mini-herb garden today ! 
is all dressed up with no where to go . 
is scheming a way to work from home after this kid is born ... 
8 months pregnant + public swimming pool = my own version of hell 
can't make caramel . Now the whole house smells like burning . 
mmm , fresh < PROPMALE > ... 
is wondering what else is going on in the world , since mainstream American media only focuses on celebrity ... 
is a little tore up over the death of < PROPFIRST > Mays . 
just uploaded a few new prego pics to the Baby Phillips album . Guess which one is my favorite ? 
this insomnia thing is getting ridiculous . 
They look at me like they've never seen a pregnant person before . 
Pants-off dance off in the kitchen !! 
is waiting it out . 
is still pregnant . Will probably stay that way for another week ... unless the docs ( or the baby ! ) change their mind ... 
is a little sleep-deprived , but enjoying getting to know the little man ! 
got a little bit of sleep , a shower and a cup of coffee ... I feel almost human again ! 
thinks this rain is BS . 
is up to my elbows in projectile vomit and various other bodily functions and fluids . Looking forward to naptime . 
has a newfound respect for the Nutty Bar . 
is dancin ' with the baby ... he likes rockabilly ! 
thought we could explore the shops in Cape Cod today , but the foul weather and the amazing \I'd rather be outside in any weather and I'll cry until we leave this stinking shop\ " baby have changed my mind ... " 
had a great time in Cape Cod , Maine , and on the NJ Turnpike :) ... but is happy to be home . 
Having a thin day . Nine weeks after the baby's birth , the scale is back to pre-prego < PROPFIRST > . Whew . 
I passed road rage on to my kid . I'm swearing at the woman in front of me that has NO IDEA how to merge , and in the back seat , Grayson is crying so hard he's foaming at the mouth . Yes , pumpkin , I want to go 65 mph , too ... 
Thank you , baby , for a less than stellar night so that I may better appreciate the good ones ! 
caught in a downpour in a surprisingly sheer top ... 
Okay , I don't want to be one of THOSE moms , but I can't help myself . My boy rolled over for the first time today . I wanted to make sure it wasn't a neurological accident , so I made him do it four more times . Yep , he can now roll over . 
I am thankful for laundromats . 
is thankful for an unprovoked toothless grin , accompanied by the simple statement : \Heh . \"" 
is thankful for coffee , in all forms . It gives me that warm , fuzzy , and awake feeling . 
is thankful for the opportunity to know so many fine individuals serving our country ! 
is thankful for healthy bodies and minds . 
is thankful when appliances and computers work . 
is thankful for a little Sangria ... 
is thankful for the shining sun . 
Ugh ! I attempted to pick up a ' leaf ' in the ( dimly lit ) kitchen , and it was a huge spider ! If he could speak , I'm pretty sure he would have told me to eff off . 
screw thankful . I'm not thankful today . Fix my freaking washer , then I'll be thankful . 
is thankful for the yummy smells wafting out of my kitchen . Homemade marinara sauce is the best ! 
is thankful for the opportunity to spend some time with family . Among other things , it gave me an excuse to make my \Heart Attack Macaroni and Cheese . \ " Yummy . " 
Day 36 : Cold and rainy . Could this be the day the washer is FINALLY fixed ? Only the appliance repairman holds the answer ... 
making pumpkin pancakes in a snow-bright kitchen ... 
Is ' optometry ' that hard of a word ? Apparently , I need to add it to my list of words not to be used in these parts ... ridiculous . 
I have been defeated by a layered < PROPFEMALE > bar recipe . I hate you , layered < PROPFEMALE > bar . 
would like a special horn on my car that shouts , \WTF ?! \"" 
Lets get together and soak our hearts in wine . 
is contemplating : Crazy - is it always forever , or can it be just a phase ? 
is all yeehaw , wahoo and yum-yum . 
is not feeling it . 
white . boring white . 
ate an alarmingly large piece of Turtle Cake . It was the last ' piece . ' I didn't want it to get lonely . 
news flash : telling someone they look tired is just code for ' you look like five kinds of sh*t . \ " , 201 0-0 1-11 21:04:17 " 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , many because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
is reading NurtureShock . Interesting ! 
is looking for signs of intelligent life ... 
Help ! I'm being attacked by a face-eating baby ! 
is mildly shocked the meaning of \megan\ " has moved from \ " cute and hilarious girl\ " to \ " someone that only eats meat ; shortened version of meatatarian\ " in urban dictionary . It still sorta works . " 
Use spell check , for the love of < PROPMALE > !! 
snow snow snow . 
made yummy chocolate peanut butter bars ... man , I wish I had more milk ... 
is wondering if anyone is crazy enough to show up for the Superbowl party ? 
cookie cake is very good . Tastes even better while watching my favorite show ... 
had a glass of wine last night ... it didn't work . Need a bigger glass . 
is watching the movie Basic . Fine < PROPFIRST>'s Day programming . 
Sports bra , I laugh in your face . You just can't tie these things down . 
shot glass + garbage disposal = fail 
is so happy to get my wallet back - and everything was still inside ! There are still decent people in this world ... 
ran out of milk for my cereal ... so I ate my ' healthy ' cereal with heavy cream instead . Haven't yet decided if it was really good or gross . 
yesterday's rain smelled of spring . Wahoo ! 
is bored . Let's go out and find some trouble ! 
you know you're in trouble when you take your child to the photographer , and halfway through the session , the photographer asks , \Is there anything I can do to make him smile ? \"" 
crying it out . 
My parents arrive tonight ! But Grayson decided to wake up at 0408 ... so it's going to be a looooong day ... 
my dad wandered out of his room this morning , wondering if I stole his muffins . Hmmm ... Maybe I should have ... 
< PROPFEMALE > . It is both the question and the answer . 
back from a week at Ocean City . Had a good time , but happy to be home . 
has Strep throat . Hoping that shot of penicillin in my hiney will prevent any complications , and thankful everyone else seems okay . Looking forward to eating again one day soon ... 
wonders why it took her 30 years to find an acceptable way to eat broccoli . 
watching Grayson suck on an ice cube ( through a mesh feeder , thanks ) -- he's cutting his fifth tooth ! 
had a lovely time in the < PROPFEMALE > Blossoms today . Spring sprang sprung ! 
afternooon nap : take two . This time make it count , baby . 
made Easter dinner a day late : < PROPFEMALE > crusted rack of lamb , asparagus , wasabi smashed potatoes , and yummy cornbread pudding . Delish ! 
must've misplaced that note to self from the middle of the night to not step in whatever the cat was coughing up in the hall . Bleh . 
had really weird dreams last night . Survived a plane crash ( not at all like ' Lost ' ) , met some people like the parents in Meet the Fokkers , and then had my makeup done on some reality designer show in NYC . I'm happy to be awake . 
feels completely unable to < PROPFEMALE > on intelligent conversation with adults when my son is anywhere nearby . Is this normal ? Or just another manifestation of my adult-onset ADD ? 
\is an irrational hardass with rage issues . \"" 
someone is PISSED about naptime . :( 
is happy to be home . 
made yummy burritos for Cinco de Mayo . Now , where are my yummy Margaritas ? 
Dear Low-rider-wearing Motorcycle-riding Females , please rethink your attire . I don't want to see your hind ends hanging off your little bikes . Kisses , < PROPFEMALE > 
got a sick baby for Mother's Day . :( 
just realized I have no casual pictures of my mom and me together . Hmm ... 
is packing for Portland ! 
is a little freaked out to have several days to herself in Portland . If anyone within a few hours of PDX is interested in getting together for coffee or drinks Sunday or Monday , message me your cell number . Yes , friends from high school and college , I mean YOU . 
is thrilled to be home . 
Dear insurance adjuster , please give us tons of money for a new roof , siding , and garage doors . If you could stop stomping on the roof , that would be super , too , since the baby is sleeping . Kaythanksbai . 
is a jerk . ;) 
sending \Wahoo ! \ " shoutouts to the folks that made MSgt ! " 
time to start planning trips to CO and CA ! Here we come ! Well , not till August , but that's not very far away ! 
old school banana pudding , or vanilla cream pudding with Cocoa Krispies ? 
Happy Memorial Day . While you're enjoying your weekend , please take a moment to honor the spirit of this national holiday . 
was talking on the phone , holding Grayson on my lap , when I looked at him through the mirror and saw him holding his hand to his cheek and smiling , which was exactly what I was doing ! Crazy little baby ! 
at some point , you just have to accept that the day has started . Where's my coffee ? 
In a < PROPFEMALE > suburb , a 13 year old receives lawn-mowing lessons from his mother . \ 
( lawnmower running ) BOY : Mom , can you come here for a sec ?! \ 
MOM : NO ! You're doing fine . \ 
BOY : Can you help me ?! \ 
MOM : WHY ??!! \ 
BOY : I HAVE A WEDGIE ! Can you help me ?! \ 
MOM : WHAT ???!!! \ 
BOY : WEDGIE !! I HAVE A WEDGIE !!! 
saw a submarine shower curtain and immediately thought of a lovely boy I used to work with in Sacramento . I got all teary-eyed . I miss my fun kids . :( 
is having a glass of wine and thinking ... I wish I didn't live so far away from my family right now . 
has awesome shoulders . You should all be jealous . 
Going to an Amish Farmer's Market in a few ... I heart those crazy Amish ... 
Happy Father's Day , Daddies ! 
carrot spice cake with caramel frosting . That's what's on my mind . 
is going to take the boy to a Barbeque Festival today ! 
taught an impromptu yoga class at the gym tonight . The world works in mysterious ways . 
UFC 116 ! 
is going to the Belly Button Beach , where hippos stand around in bathing suits too little because they hope you will admire the button on their middle ... 
has no idea where to keep 3 dozen cupcakes until our barbeque tomorrow . They may not make it that long ... 
I need my car back from the shop . I seriously want to turn the ginormous Expedition into a ramming machine . I don't tend to have that particular urge while driving my smaller vehicle ... 
is looking forward to spending some time with < PROPFEMALE > and Nate and his family this evening ! Camp LeMonier refugees unite ! 
It is what it is , and most things are like that . 
is happy to be home ! 
posted a few new pics to the Summer 2010 album . 
just left the Optometrist ... If he had any idea how long I wore each pair of contacts , I'm pretty sure his brain would explode . 
in case any of you were unsure - today sucked . 
Message for the neighborhood woman watering her lawn : The 70's called , and they want their muumuu and pink foam rollers back . Mrs. Roper is PISSED . 
just made cornbread pudding ... deeelicious . It pairs well with this crazy < PROPFEMALE > weather . Hurry up , Fall , so I can use my oven all the time and eat my way to happiness ! 
the cat just sat on the mobile baby monitor , completely muffling Grayson's crib chatter . Not sure if she really wants attention or really wants the baby to be quiet . 
just ran out of baby-related reading material . Does anyone have suggestions for good toddler-parenting books ? 
is the thrilled mama of a one year old today ! Happy Happy Birthday , Grayson ! 
A beautiful thing about military friends is they can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These friends pickup just like they spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live . REPOST this if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this . 
If eating a huge piece of chocolate zucchini cake for dinner is wrong , baby , I don't want to be right ! 
My neighbor brought me a Frosty ! My neighbors are awesome . 
is off to enjoy an afternoon by myself . Super excited to go to a restroom alone . 
Seriously . Who wants cake ? I got lots ... 
just got a new backpack-style baby carrier and can't wait to try it out ! Going hiking this weekend ! 
Genius photographer asked me today if my screaming kid needed a nap . Ohhh , riiiight , because I just got him and had no idea those things need to sleep . Thank goodness his next question was whether or not I had fed him recently . I really wanted to kick him in the junk ... but I smiled instead . 
baby-backpack report : after an easy 7 mile hike , only my shoulders hurt where the straps were digging ... Grayson fell asleep around mile 5 , so I'm thinking he was comfortable . Now the only problem is finding someone else to play with him for the afternoon , because I'm a bit tired ! :) 
Children with special needs do not have an illness . It is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who need a little extra help ! 
My boy kept handing me bubbles from his bath this evening . Every time he opened his ( emtpy ) hand , he'd pull it away and laugh like he's the funniest boy EVER . He cracks me up . 
took the boy to the gym this evening for the first time ... He was cool with the ' kids club , ' and I enjoyed a full hour of yoga ! One small step for Grayson , one giant step for Mommy . 
hey neighbor guy - it's not NICE to tell a girl she looks ' haggard . ' 
got a ticket today for running a very ripe yellow light . Just warming up for Colorado Springs driving ! 
is ready for the fun to begin ... Whenever you're ready , Fun ... 
Yum yum ... seared wild boar , rabbit and rattlesnake sausage , kick-you-in-the-ass spicy duck tamales , fig flourless torte , and a coconut < PROPFEMALE > I had to eat with a spoon ! 
“Lest I keep my complacent way I must remember somewhere out there a person died for me today . As long as there must be war , I ask and I must answer was I worth dying for ? ” -- < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
my horoscope basically said today's gonna suck . Stay tuned for more details . Yahoo . 
stayed up waaay too last night , reading . Who'd like to bring me some coffee ? 
made a sheet of apple pie - the recipe suggested it'd be more like a ' bar , ' but it's definitely gooey pie consistency . WTF was I thinking ? Who wants apple pie ? 
likes it in the closet , on the barstool , or behind the couch ! 
Dear delicious homemade chicken tenders , you are moist and flavorful , but apparently , that is not enough . Please sing a song or do a little dance so my one year old will eat you . Kthanksbai . 
... Red beans and rice didn't miss her ... 
Seriously - the genius with the bright idea to go back to school deserves to be slapped . My class starts in a week - how did I end up swamped with homework already ? 
if any of my local friendies are staying home tonight and wouldn't mind a visit , email/message me . Sadly , our Halloween plans fell through and now Grayson and I are all dressed up with no place to go . And no < PROPFEMALE > for the trick or treaters . :( 
It's official : we've got our first cold of the season . Poor little guy . 
my horoscope today encouraged me to use my words to create the reality I < PROPFEMALE > . Accordingly , I'm off to talk my way into a winning lottery ticket , washboard abs , and the cutest pair of furry boots ever . 
How did you find me , Backfat ? I thought I was unlisted . 
Happy 235 !! 
is sending hugs , high-fives , gratitude and empathy to all Veterans and their families today and every day . 
dropped my phone one too many times . Since my laptop is still ' in the shop , ' lets just consider me technologically unavailable for the next few days . 
got a new phone this afternoon ! After a snack we went to the grocery store and I discovered I left my wallet in the Verizon bag . In my living room . Two steps forward , one step back ... 
just set my ringtone to Cash's \Ring of Fire . \ " I can't get this grin off my face . " 
needs to be cloned . I think I could get everything done if there were two of me . Or maybe three . 
is full of hate and discontent . What's a girl gotta do to schedule a routine pediatric appointment ?! 
had a lovely night out with some ladies . When I returned home , the babysitter informed me my boy didn't seem like he wanted her to leave the room at bedtime , so she sang to him until he fell asleep . So sweet ! What a great night ! 
Yard work Partay at my house Sunday afternoon to benefit the Deployed Spouse of 3584 Palmetto Court Foundation ! You bring your rakes and work gloves - I've got the spiced wine and Pumpkin Gooey Butter cake ! 
Update : Yard Work Partay is still on . Same location . It will now be held for the Fierce-Woman-Known-to-Chase-Down-Would-Be-Burglars-and-Choke-Out-Rude-Bar-Patrons Association . 
Thank you , guys , for raking my yard ! 
If you click ' like ' on this , I'll tell you : 1 . Something new I've learned about you after looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you make me think of . 3 . My first memory of you .... 4 . The animal you remind me of .. 5 . Something I have always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you ... 7 . Give you a nickname ... 8 . Ask you to post this little game as your status 
Wham , bam , thank you yam ! 
vaguebookers make me nervous . And defensive . 
has to write 19 papers in the next 18 days . Ready ... GO ! 
hates those new five pounds and the tiramisu they rode in on . 
My boy threw a fit when I tried to recycle a stack of mailer perfume samples . He opened every single one and rubbed them all on his face . Hilarious . But kinda weird . 
is feeling accomplished today ! I wrote four chapter reviews , did six loads of laundry , made chicken and dumplings and am feeling like there might be an end to this tunnel ... Only nine more papers to go ! 
is done . 
maintains academic excellence . 
helped a dude pick out the perfect pajamas for his nephew today . I must have \sucker\ " written on my forehead . " 
is touched by the display of thoughtfulness and holiday spirit shown by my wonderful neighbors and friends . 
My friend Joy Tredway is the best friend a girl could have ! Thanks for the flowers , J3T ! 
Screws just fall out all the time ; the world's an imperfect place . 
has been a little disappointed to find several nice people from my past are no longer my ' friends . ' Way to go , ladies , you haven't changed a bit . 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people WON'T copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post this . 
performed a poo-related-but-oblivious-toddler bathtime extraction . A fitting end to a shitty day . 
ferocious dinosaurs in one boot .... mega blocks and a blank check register in another ... I think he's trying to tell me something . 
got my butt handed to me today at the gym . What a wonderful feeling . 
is baking Joy's chocolate cake . 
remembered I signed up for an online course . It started last week , and I've already missed an assignment . So I'd say this semester is going well . 
learned about immune-mediated thrombocytopenia today . 
found a hidden bottle of wine set aside for a party we never hosted ... Cheap Merlot , get in my belly !! 
Dear Air Force , I've been in this hostile remote environment for over six months now . I know plenty of people have given more , longer , but in light of all your missteps lately , it matters not . I've started billing you time and a half . Please send in my replacement ASAP . Thanks , m 
