Well .. last night was awesome ! Cant wait only 5 months left and I can have more nights like last night ... and how was my night you ask ... it was ... FREE ! 

hmmm ... lack of sleep sucks .. and let me predict the future uhhh little to no sleep for the rest of this week :( .... plus the family is all in a ruccus and creating hell at the homestead .. ugh 
TRUST is where you expose your vulnerabilities to people , but believing they will not take advantage of your openness . This is one of the most important elements in a friendship . When this is lost it is as if someone came from behind you and stabbed your 
Warmer Weather & Clearer Skies .. COME ON !!! We don't need a summer like last year . It started out nice & hott and now look at it . hmmm can't even go swimming ! :( 
isnt going to Sioux Center for the show ! 
ok so < PROPFEMALE > my dog is having puppies . Everyone send in your guess of how many pups she will have . Anywhere from 6-20 . The closest guess wins a pup ! 
What Nicorette ?.... NO BIG RED !!!! lol 
Welcome home to hard decisions ... Life changing things . Not sure what to do or what to say . Have a lot of thinking to do and decisions to make ... 
life is confusing ... so very hard ... outside it all appears happy and good ! but inside its as if a different world ! Its like everything came undone over night and flipped out of wack . Not sure why or how ... many confusing things and hard decisions to make 
can't wait for this weekend to be over ! Monday couldn't come sooner ! Yay for water yay for special days ... I just hope noone messes this day up ! 
YES !! The weekend is nearly over ! Was just out for BDay dinner with the fam ..! Tomorrow I am off to Lost Island BOOOOYA !!!! 
Yesterday was awesome ! Lost Island was the bomb ... Thanks to all who wished me a happy bday and thanks most of all to those who helped make yesterday a very special day ! :) 
ugh .. boredom ! :( 
Lazy Morning ... YAY !! Mowing this afternoon .. hmm . Then ADVENTURELAND tomorrow ! 
wait wait wait ... my last status message sounded like I was excited to mow ... 
Lazy Morning YAY !!... Mowing this afternoon hmm :| ... ADVENTURELAND Tomorrow !! :) 
YES Mowing is done !!! ADVENTURELAND Tomorrow !! AAAaaahhh can't wait ! 
Chores .. Sleep .. Chores .. ADVENTURELAND ! 
is bored ... Why does everything have to be boring lately ?! UGH ! :[ 
is bored ... Why does everything have to be boring lately ?! UGH ! :[ I wish my besteez of friendz lived alot closer like neighbors or something ! ;) 
is .... Y does life have to be < PROPFEMALE > hard ? Y does everything have to go < PROPFEMALE > wrong ? If it wasn't for friends it would be impossible .. Thanks for all your support ! 
gradually the life keeps getting sucked further and further out of me ... im in a tunnel with a small opening that never seems to get bigger no matter how fast I run ... how long can one stand this ? how long should one hold on ? 
hmm .. 
Although lifes been rough .. and it will continue to . It feels just great at the moment when I know there are special events to come here soon . Just live in the moment and don't look too far in the future . Around the bend will be more trouble and hard times but < PROPFEMALE > the small special events along the way . ;) 
ugh just ate a whole darn pizza an I feel like a huge hippo ! ugh !... Well tomorrows the big day ! 89.1 The Spirit Banquet ... BUSY BUSY BUSY Tomorrow ! 
even though life is < PROPFEMALE > hard its the little things in life that make it better . I can't wait for the small things here to come < PROPFEMALE > n that will make the bigger hard things in life disappear . 
had a great weekend only cuz an awesome friend from out of state was here to save me from the normal parental swing . but now i'm sad he's gone and life is back to \normal\ " and I hate it . How long do I wait ? Its harder every day .. How long do I hold on ? " 
hmm idk wut to do anymore ... 
ugh .. don't eat chips & salsa , then a whole container of applesauce , plus Dr. Pepper ... Something about them doesn't mix very well :S I feel like I'm going to explode ... 
aaaah I have to get up at 3am and leave my house by 4am to get to the airport by 5am to ship a puppy out !... then I will head to work ... well ... maybe I might just go crash somewhere :| 
is headed to Omaha tomorrow ! Excited but will be with the fam all day .. no friends :( 
did not go to Omaha due to the weather ... Who would want to go to a zoo in thunder and lightening :S haha 
is ... doing a bunch of random stuff ... so just txt me ! 6413520888 :) 
oh my ... At the Radio Station 11am is Intern Hour ... we will be running the station ! Listen at 891TheSpirit.com .. 
one of the biggest things I was looking forward to at the end of this month ... I just found out is NOT going to happen . What am I going to do ? 
So I was dared by a friend of mine to do this so here it goes lol ... ( If you read this please answer the questions ) Would you go out with me ? I mean if I was actually interested in a gf right now and if you didn't already have a guy ? Am I a decent guy or the type of guy you would actually wanna go out with ? BE HONEST ! Please .. No Liars lol 
when life seemed it was the best and nothing could possibly go wrong .. it went south so fast ! It doesn't make much sense .. It is great now knowing that I have goals and there is something constantly keeping me going ! 
Can't wait for the day when everything will be ok ! For he will shine his love down on me and make me realize nothing in the world matters . That he is what I need to focus on . He has shown his light so I can see the end of the dark tunnel and I can't wait to get to the end . 
last night was awesome !! Great to get away ! TOO cold though lol could have still been better ! 
ugh in a lot of pain !!! got hit in the ribs by a fence panel and then a darn goat stabbed me between my fingers with her horns !!! What the HECK ! I'm tired of this !!! 
UGH i dont know whats worse ! Yesterday getting hit or today with the after effects ?!? I can't wait for all of this to never happen again ! 9 months and freedom ! 9 months and I will be starting an amazing new future with special people and friends who care . :) Can't wait !! 
Well today was better .. umm day 3 and still my ribs hurt !! :/ ... to feel loved and safe is a feeling I can't wait to feel . My friends will finally be able to be there for me and I can be there for them .. but especially for the one in my thoughts that I can't get out ! :) 
Finally starting to feel normal again although I can still feel a small pain in my ribs and actually still in my jaw ! :/ ... but it will get better ! Life will continue on and just hoping time will fly by so I can be with who I want to be with ! and be more free ! 
Why does life have to be so hard ? Why does the people that should be there and love you and support you have to all be totally against you ? Why do they beat you down like your nothing more than a speck of dirt ? How long can one take the constant tearing and ripping down ? I hate the feeling of your heart being blown up and ripped in 2 . Gosh darn ... life sucks ! 
Y does life have to suck ? Y have I held on this long .. Y haven't I done something ? ... the vet was here today and I sooo badly wanted to just yell and scream \THEY MURDERED MY DOG ! Get them for animal cruelty ! \ " ... in reality ppl ask how i feel and .. i could say angry .. i could say sad .. but truthfully i'm scared .. that .. that could have been me ! :/ " 
life goes on ... i hate the dull feeling inside ! numb to almost all emotions .. I wanna cry but just cant .. wanna scream but it doesnt help .. wanna curl up and never deal with anything again but it doesn't work .. :/ 
my thoughts are my own no one need to hear them anymore ... If you want to know how I'm doing I guess you'll have to ask . and if you want details i guess you will need to ask specifics . Doors are closed . :/ I cant handle this stuff anymore like I used to and have a lot of thinking to do . 
When things don't go right ... at all .. and all you want to do is cry but your emotions are < PROPFEMALE > o screwed up you that you can't even cry ! It is the weirdest and hardest feeling to deal with .. its < PROPFEMALE > swelled up and along with your head all scrambled with thoughts and decisions its all together bad . ;/ 
I hate minds ! Y do they have to be so cluttered . I hate thoughts and I hate decisions especially hard ones . I really don't wanna do this anymore . ugh :( 
Through all the hard times and the problems that have arose I could have just layed down and died but instead I chose to stand and try ! When this all passes i guess I shall be a stronger person . 
Sitting here watching my world crumble . Hitting my head against the wall hoping something will come to mind to fix it all . Everything I say or do screws things up . Makes me wonder if I wanna see the light of day . I'm sitting here in the dark and all I wanna do is cry . wow ! oh my for the first time in a while .. I have today . even when i thought my emotions were gone .. ig I was wrong ! so backed up they finally blew . 
Today is a good day ! Now I finally break free and get away to breathe ! 5 Whole days without the bickering and nagging and everything else . Thanks to GOD ! My drive will be long but totally worth it .. ( But I think you should txt me or call me anytime so i'm not alone and bored 641-352-0888 [: ) 
stuck at home ... here we go normal friday night schedule ;( - Forget a joyful season ... Cant wait till next year ! :) 
SOOoOooo glad I didnt join everyone else in National Hangover day lol Feel bad for those who did ... 
Bahahaha arts n ' crafts , movies , and snacks wow we're lame lmao 
Well ... once again ... Alot on my mind ! Those of you that don't like it when I think .. well maybe you shouldn't talk with me for a while . And i'm not in a bad mood or anything its just i'm in deep thought . lol 
Well the migrain diminished into just a headache ... and now im headed to the airtport to get on a plane fly to memphis then catch a plane to < PROPMALE > !!!! I'll be back Sunday ... Don't think that just cuz i'm in < PROPMALE > that you can't txt or call me !!! Feel free to txt or call anytime i'll be free ... 
This weekend was fun ... Sad that < PROPFIRST > was 29 Degrees , Florida was 30 , Cinncinati was 4 , and lovely Iowa was 0 but apparently we brought Florida's weather with us cuz this week it looks like high 30's BOOOOYA !! Well I'm very tired was up for 23+ hours yesterday and haven't really had much sleep since and I feel a < PROPMALE > sick to my stomach and have a headache coming on :( 
Ugh so I'm driving home last night following < PROPFIRST > and all of a sudden my lights dim , radio shuts off , and I loose all acceleration . So I coast off to the side of the road . :( Yes thats right my car died . So I had to call AAA and have it towed . Then I had a nice fight with the jerk for a tow truck driver . But thats another funny story lol ;) 
Well today was a long day of work ! Work again in the morning 10am ! :) Time to sleep and wake up early .. cant wait till I don't have to wake up 2 hours before I have to leave and drive an hour to work . 
Welcome to Hell !! Your checkout date is 5/30/2010 ! CANT WAIT ! This weekend has been horrible and its only getting worse . 
Tomorrow cant come any sooner :/ .... I'm awaiting hell its on its way home ! Time to sleep .. Benedryl you are my friend ;) 
aaaaaaaaaah my ankle is killing me ! Idk wut happened but I must have stepped wrong or something at work cuz the tendon on the backside of my foot/leg is swollen and I can barely walk now !!! :( OUCH ! 
hmmm day 2 of this crappy pain .. found out last night that I actually pulled my archilles tendon ( moms a nurse ) which hurts like hell . walking uhh no that doesn't happen I HOP from place to place . So its been a lazy day :( sooooo bored but I'm talking to cool friends so it's all good :) 
ugh still in pain since I pulled my archilles tendon in my left leg .. and now I feel sick :( stomachache , headache , coughing like crazy , sneezing , :( someone help me ! I'm gunna try to go to work and see how it goes ..... 
Well my leg is now fine ... buuuuuuuuut .. :( I'm sick as a dog !! Headache , Coughing , Sneezing , Runny Nose . :'( I'm not going anywhere I feel soooo miserable . And YES thats right i'm staying home by choice cuz I feel like hell . So TXT or CALL ME !!! PLEASE !! 
DAY 9 and only the sniffles YAY !!!! Finally got out of the house and had a WONDERFUL night ! Started off with seeing a very special person to me and the night ended seeing a really good friend !! Only bad thing about the night is I have a MIGRAIN AGAIN !!!! ugh but oh well * sigh * 
I hate the fakeness and the Bipolar-ness of my family . We go from hell to perfect heaven . UGH how can one make decisions and execute them when things switch all the time . Right now I look around and think ... \how perfect I have my family back again\ " .... but then I sit here and I know this isn't true ! UGH HELP ! " 
is having a hard time with everything thats going on . Hates when people appear to be really good friends but then all of a sudden drop you cold with no explanation or rime or reason . :( It hurts ... Alot ... And people ask why I am not an open person haha DUH ! :'( 
chillin with some hotties .... doing some pilates ... holla back y'all 
Is still kinda sad & confused about everything going on . But I guess life goes on and we all just have to keep going even with the unknown . :/ 
Is baking a cake :)) HAHA 
ugh iteds today :( txt or call :) 
\Sometimes this house feels like a prison that I just can't leave behind .. there's so many rules I got to follow ' cuz you can't let go .. I don't wanna hear it .. And I just can't believe it .. All the stupid things you say but .. One day I won't take this anymore .. One day I'll be old enough to do what I want to .. I won't have to run away .. And you won't be there to say I'm not allowed to .. One day .. \"" 
Well another lazy day at home ... rents will be gone from 1230 till 4 or 5 maybe later . Then tomorrow they are headed to Kansas City for the whole day ... PEACE for a little while :) txt or call :D 
Wow today was ... :'( another one of those days ! From getting out of bed to work to everything else ... today just :'( Wish I never got out of bed .. Bye Bye ! 
Trust is a fragile thing . Think of it as a very old antique glass vase . It is a very beautiful thing and takes or took a lot of work to build it . But then imagine someone smashing it with a sledge hammer to little pieces ! It is one of the hardest things in the world to rebuild . It takes a lot of time nothing can put that back together again over night . Be careful with it and think before you make decisions ... 
Took my puppy for a nice LOOOONG walk ( 6 < PROPMALE > ) ! Feels great to be taking walks again ! Great way to think about things and clear the mind ! Also helps making decisions easier and makes the day better ! ( especially since I usually sleep right after the walk because i'm worn out lol ) Today was a great day off work and at home ! ( never thought I'd say those two things lol ! ;P 
hhhhhhhavin fun ! Paaaaaaaaaaaaaaartay ! :) txt me ! 
Watching movies all day lol ... about to watch a scary one !! SOMEONE help me !!! 
thinking thinking thinking ... someone find the off button PLEASE !!! I hate minds they suck especially right now ! :( 
hmmm ... what to do ?! .. hate transitional periods in life .. wish I could read minds and know what others are thinking ... know what others want or how others feel .. 
Feels ok ... but kinda feels empty inside ! :( 
Slept all day ... Took Pictures .. Drama Practice .. Now chores , txt , bed lol Work tomorrow morning ! 
[ We were given : Two hands to hold . To legs to walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . ] 
pics pics pics .. photo shoot !!! + friends = an awesome day !!! :D 
Well off to work from 1-10pm ... Txt Anytime :) Today is going to be long :/ 
hmmm I hate knowing part of something but not the whole thing !! 
just got raped by a carrot !!! hahaha lmao 
wow friends are funny if it wasn't for them life would be dull !!! haha 
aaaaaaaaaah everyone im almost done with senior year school work !! 1 paper , 1 presentation , 1 Excel sheet and graduate ! yay !! 
guess what ?!?! I got 4 new ducks ! Haha lmao 
:( I forgot i have an ACT test tomorrow !! :( 
our closest friends , the ones we love , happen to be the people we hurt the most ... :( 
“Sometimes you put walls up not to keep people out , but to see who cares enough to break them down . ” 
today has been a ... bad day ! all I wanna do is cry . although < PROPFEMALE > did make me smile :) as a warning if your going to upset me you might wanna rethink it she'll come kick your a*s . :) 
Haha .. hmmm :/ 
ugh Omg I feel sick : ' @ 
I hate when you have a dream over and over .. and you have a history of almost all your dreams come true and fortell the future ... and the one that's over and over .. is one of pain , agony , grief , sorrows ... please don't let this one happen :( 
ice cream and watching the notebook alone ... is this what lifes gunna be like in my own place ?! hehe 
Omg never again :'( that movies too sad :'( 
well don't over sleep by an hour on your first day of a new job !! especially when living an hour away ! 
todays a good day ! I am so happy and so far love the new job . :) 
Ooooo got off work came home and found out my act score ... keep in mind I've had like no school or testing for 3 years ... I never studied or anything ... I gotta 22 !!!! :D 
If I died tomorrow , what would you tell me today ? ( be honest ) 
:'( .... asked mom if she had seen my act score ... her response .. yeah and you can do better you are better than that ! ( yelling at the end ) .... :'( ig 22 makes me no good ... 
todays just one of those days where I wanna sit by a creek or river and let the rain wash everything away ... thoughts , emotions , feelings , life .. 
being home tonight reminds me y I must get out of here as soon as possible ! 
hmmm :'( 
ready to be done with today ... :'( just getting worse and worse . 
so many songs inside .. about time to record them :) 
So ive heard over 5 times today that I need to smile more !! Well what if I don't like my smile ?! huh then what ?! lol :P 
[ Just sittin here thinking can't get you off my mind . Just sittin here thinking about you ! I can't wipe your face away .. can't erase your voice from memory .. I can't get you off my mind ! ... Cuz I'm stuck on you !.... ] 
Movies .. Popcorn .. Fruit Snacks .. Pop Tarts .. Soda .. & Strawberry Applesauce I guess this is what I do when im home alone without Family for the weekend ! :) ... Although im .. Alone :( 
So i liked 12 Rounds ... My sisters keeper gets an \eh its ok\ " .... and now .. no movies .. no music .. no family .. no friends .. no sounds .. so alone ! :( Teleport me somewhere .. please ?! can I choose my destination ?! cuz ik where I wanna go ;) " 
ok so ... I will NEVER live alone !! this sucks ! been sitting on this couch for like an hour ... doing .. nothing :( 
worst night ever !! 
Its been one unforgettable weekend ! ... Well now that everyones home I guess lifes back to normal . So now im starting plans for life . Seeing all options and its narrowed down to two lets see which is the right one . :) 
after many conversations and a lot of thinking this weekend I think my life plans are coming to completion :) 
Wanted is such a weird movie lol but its cool haha 
ugh im bored .. i guess its movie night again lol ... Next up is Zoolander we'll see if I like that one lol 
Well Zoolander was funny but I think it is kinda a smarts sucking time waster . You kinda feel retarded afterwards and it literally takes your brain power away hahahaha umm idk if I\ll see it again lol ... well now for chores and ... ig another movie :/ " 
Ok so I came back from chores and decided to finish the movie Taken but realized after finishing it that I was watching it last night while talking on the phone with the most important person in my life and well ... I didn't pay attention at all so I'll hafta rewatch it .. I guess I'll throw something else in since i'll be talking again hehe 
So ... I had to go check to see if our goose was back on her nest . buttt when I went out to do that I found a opossum at the back of the house attacking a cat so I ran inside to grab a pistol and I chased the damn thing and killed it lol 
Its pretty sad I guess when you sit on your day off and wish you were working lol ... But todays such a happy day ! It feels < PROPFEMALE > good to have large decisions made and for everything in your life to seem somewhat headed in a perfect direction . :) I love life right now ! 
I left our screen door unlatched and the wind caught it and broke it in half .... great 2 doors in less than a week . what's the chances of that ?! 
Why do siblings think they rule the world ?! Do they have to be allowed to barge into any part of the house they want just cuz they think they lost an animal ?! hmm ?! Then they are allowed to yell at you as much as they want but don't dare say anything back cuz you'll get in trouble ! ugh 
there are certain things in life we must do even though they may be the hardest thing we could do . in order to do them we must seperate our brain from our gut and just do it . 
Just ready to lay here and think .. hate this gut feeling ! Gut let my brain do its job ... please ?! 
Well the verdict is in .... Im sick of my hair .. can't stand it anymore soooooooo ... I consulted my decision assistant ;) and im going back to the salon to get it done again lol 
another normal Friday night :( ... all I can do is think about my future and say I can't wait ! 
almogt died !!!! 
ugh well headed to work ... and guess what ?! I have a sore throat !!! and we have a drama performance this weekend ! uh-oh :O 
ugh not feeling good at all :'( its getting worse .. 
[ You're there by my side in every way , I know that you will not forsake me , I give you my life would not think twice , Your love is all I need believe me ... And I will love you till forever , Until Death do us part we'll be together , So take my hand hold on tight , and we'll get ther and this I swear .. ] 
well done with work and I'm getting my hair done :) 
Wow chores in the middle of a nasty storm ... hmmm not smart and very scary ! Glad to be safe inside ! 
[ I need you , boo , I gotta see you , booAnd the hearts all over the world tonightSaid the hearts all over the world tonightAnd I need you , boo , I gotta see you , boo ] 
Well finally a day off ! Slept in !! It was totally needed . Now for a lazy home day and then Drama Dress Rehearsal tonight . 
ugh is something wrong with me ?! I cant stay awake . I've had 11 hours of sleep now but literally can't stay awake at all :/ 
well work 8-4 then play performance at 7 . 
well work 8-4 then play performance at 7 
ugh why do we need siblings ?! ugh now due to my sister my throat is worse and the play performance is tomorrow ! how am I going to do that with no voice ?! 
ugh stupid sore throat !! :( ... it sucks when I know what I want that'll make everything better but .. I just cant have it right now :( 
Well the play performance went amazing ! Added many awesome suprises ;) ... ugh I feel 10 times worse than I did starting out this morning which sucks :( Sore Throat , Cough , and now Drainage & Sneezing :( someone help me ! 
ugh I feel like a train ran over me .. my whole body hurts on top of the sore throat ... and now ... I have a fever !! ugh proms tonight :( 
100.2 
Well prom was great ! Thank God my fever broke at the end of dinner right before the dance ! I was able to drink an energy drink and have some fun and then of course post prom oh it was a great night ! :) but now im worn out starting to feel like crap again ... I think I have strep or something like that now .. :( Good Night ! 
well its day 2 of our play and its the final day .. yay !! 
grrrrr .. dads just ugh ! can't wait till next week !!!!!!! 
ugh I'm feeling better but have like absolutely no energy ! :( 
Weeeeell 2 Energy Drinks + Exccedrin = An amazing way to finish out the day ! :) No headache and plenty of energy ! The only problem is now its wearing off :( 
last night was awesome !!! .. but today my cars in the shop .. new tires and many other things being fixed :/ 
our part of Iowa seems to always be 69 degrees ... why does it like to be that number lol ?! 
todays just ... ugh ! I just wanna walk off alone nut then a bigger part of me wants that one person to be here with me . ugh so on edge can't tomorrow just come :( 
Well today's finally done and gone ... Thank Heavens !!! Now for tomorrow ... its gunna be a long day but an awesome day ! If you weren't already invited come join me & < PROPFEMALE > Grimm for our Graduation Party from 2-6pm at Bever Pavillion at Bever Park :) Food & Fun ! Hope to see you there ! :D 
Today was amazingly awesome , fun , funny , crazy , retarded , annoying , sad , stupid .. but ultimately amazing ! Although without friends and special people it would have been horrible ! Thanks Everyone :) 
I hate how certain friends have faults that always come around to hurt you and yet you continue to put up with them ... WHY ?!?! :( Well I think im done ... 
I'm gwagitated !!!! 
realities hitting .... :'( ..... I'm . wreck 
ugh .. screw everyone :( 
on top of it all ... i get home and run right into a massive yelling session .. FML I cant take this stuff . 
Today was an amazing day :) Friends , Fun , Fear , Extreme Life Risking , Screaming , Laughing , Crying and more ! ... Adventureland and Shopping was soooo fun :) I love my friends and the best part is I move out tomorrow morning :) :( 
why is it the day you've been waiting for for years has come and all you wanna do is cry and you feel like sh*t ?!? :( 
Tonight was a good night :) 
hmmm somethings wrong ... I have no energy .. I'm on my feet for 15 < PROPFEMALE > and then I hafta sit down I almost fall over . this has been going on for a while . :/ 
how can everything seem fine you laugh you smile you chat ... but every time you take a pause its like .. Slow motion and the feelings all swell up inside you .. you watch the seconds go by , the minutes , the days .. And it all ... feels weird . 
It is < PROPFEMALE > odd visiting with my parents . Went and had lunch with them and it was nice cuz all I dealt with was their nice sides :) besides that ... this week has been weird and crappy .. < PROPFEMALE > much bad stuff happening ! Whats next ?! 
its those thoughts that come for a split second that could change things forever ... 
hmm the 3 Amigos sitting in the same room all on facebook on 3 different computers haha aren't we lame :P 
Flashpoint added at a new favorite show !!! 
why when I'm sad do I turn to favorite shows ?! they're all about death :'( I can't do this 
so tired but can't sleep too much and too idk sad 
I sit here and wish for just one summer again with no work and just fun with friends and loved ones :( its sad . 
:'( 
today is a good day !!! headed to peoria !!! 
although today was long and hard .. tonight was the best night of my life ! 
Theres alot on my mind ... I will be able to rest once the ppl I care about are safe at home ! 
hmmmmm :/ 
:) 
One of the worst things in life that happens over and over again .. is getting your hopes up . We all do it constantly . Why ? Why doesn't it ever click in our minds that almost every time we do that our hopes are crushed ? No matter what we do to try not to get our hopes up we always do .. we may not tell ourselves that we got our hopes up but when we are alone we dwell on it and it hurts .. just some thoughts . 
I hate feeling like shit !!! someone get a sponge I need something to soak up liquids ... 
hmmmm .. still feeling like shit :( Feel like ima explode in every way possible !! and im just kinda sad to top it off ... ugh 
Today has turned out to be the worst possible day ever !! FML 
This is like a night terror .... i cant make it stop ... :'( 
sick to my stomach :( 
Well things better turn around now cant go any further down the only way should be up ! 
I suppose when your sick and haven't slept for over 40 hours your prone to be late for work :/ 
what a nice day out ! I'm not spending today the way I wanted :( to but thank god for friends :) 
ugh someone please just fix me ! Im tired of being sick and broken ! ugh there is no way im going to go to work and spend my day running back and forth from the bathroom !! hahahaha time to see a doctor ! 
Well I suppose its scary movie night .. alone :( Oh well .. 
Everything in our lives has a timeline . Some are short others are longer and some are never ending . So many different emotions are tied to every single one . What really sucks is when you've seen something ahead of time and keep hoping it wont come soon ... and then it hits you between the eyes and you dont know what to do . 
going to the pool :) 
work then movie night :) 
work :/ then idk .. boredom , rest , and txting lol 
I dont know what to do ! too much has been happening lately ... internal breakdown time ! :'( 
How much stress can ones body handle until it starts giving out ? Ive had a headache the last 48 hours due to everything and nothings stopping so I guess Im going to live with that . Need something to help me finally start getting rest ... time to move ? 
ugh enough putting it off its time to see a doctor !! I feel like shit ! 
movies :) 
I'm tired of being tired . tired of being sick . tired of being hurt . tired of being sad . ugh life 
gunna play baseball with my little cousin ! :) 
hmm in bed for the night 
headed to peoria :) 
I made it :) only had one exciting adventure while driving and only almost fell asleep once haha but its cool haha time for fun :) 
best night of my life :))) <3 
Lost Island Waterpark with my bestie :)) ugh life is < PROPFEMALE > perfect right now and only getting better :) 
ugh totally hit my head super hard in a tube slide .. blackout and now ugh 
concussion I think ... having a hard time staying awake .. ugh my head hurts for the wind to even blow my hair .. 
me and my bestie have decided that all we need is each other and the loves of our lives that's it ! 
anyone wanna go to the pool ? or something ? I'm bored and have the night off !! 
just made an awesome anklet ! haha ;) boredom is retarded . 
hmm sleep/food is something apparently i dont need or atleast dont get anymore lol oh well ! 
2 sec to passing out ! goodnight I might actually get 6 hours instead of 3-4 my average lol night night ZZZZzzz 
didn't sleep till 330am ... sooo tired !! coffee is calling my name ! work 10-5 at aero :) 
off work and headed to Iowa city 
:'( .. sick to my stomach . sad , mad , disgusted , confused , alone .. just plain ugh 
hmmm guess what ?!?! I get to go to Peoria tomorrow !!! :D 
ugh massive migraine !! waiting here for < PROPFEMALE > at the doctor then hitting the pool ! 
yay I'm in peoria !! oddly and amazingly this trip I got 32mpg ! yet makes no sense !?!? 
had a blast in peoria ! getting all life plans figured out ! wow this is actually going to happen .. 
I am < PROPFEMALE > tired :( work 8-230 then relaxation !!!!! 
haha my bestie < PROPFEMALE > is doing chores so I'm sitting here in a pile of pillows and blankets watching < PROPFEMALE > hahaha 
at zoey's getting a zookie and then hitting the pool !! 
dropping my bestie at home then headed home make a special phone call then off to the land of dreams cuz long day ahead 12 work day ... 
hmmmm :/ worried 
starting this crazy day :/ with too much going through my head ! make it stop .. 
Here we go for round 2 of work just at Target instead of Aero ... The day hasn't really gotten much better yet 
Tonight turned out great ;) just kinda hate the feeling of knowing im making friends but will be leaving soon as well ! I guess this means more roadtrips and visits ? :) lol IM READY :) 
hmmm bored . off work early and nothing to do . 
Headed to my aunts house for a lil bit before friends are ready to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
ugh now I'm pissed .... I wanna see the fireworks :'( 
headed to champaign Illinois to see my fav bro < PROPFIRST > Thompson !!!! 
fuck my life ... y did I have parents like mine and y can't my life be normal ?? 
hmmm time for some changes in my life ! I'm done being someone I'm not and its time to be myself and live my life . if I seem different plz get used to it its for the better :) 
first time in 2 months I got 9 hours of sleep :) feeling good ! hi Ho hi Ho its off to work I go 10-5 at aero .. 
smile today cuz a frown will keep others away ! :D 
hi Ho hi grrr needed more sleep but off to a long 11 hour day of work :/ 
Feelin pretty good for bein tired ! only 5 hours of work left for the day and then friends !!! YAY ! :) 
was just in an accident !!!! ugh my head hurts ! :( 
headed to urgent care ... 
Found out I had a concussion and I also strained my neck from the top of my neck ( mid head ) down all the way to between my shoulder blades . Monday need to go to Chiropractor to see if I screwed my neck up . On ibuprofen for a week hope work will be ok and my pain wont be < PROPFEMALE > bad .. Well going to try to sleep ! I'm going to bed < PROPFEMALE > A < PROPMALE > Hazle ! 
ugh really sore .. :( work 11-6 aero 
This pain really needs to go away so I can sleep and move around better ! Time for sleep ?! PLEASE ?! Anyways work tomorrow 1pm-10pm . 
wow actually slept 8 hours even though it was rough but woke up before 12 for once on my own ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > :) Now just need my pain to go away !! lol work 1pm-10pm Aero 
Loves how things are so frustrating right now :S ... Having a night of Past Present & Future . PAST = Flashbacks , pics , & memories good/bad PRESENT =D rama , Work , Disappointments in ppl close to me , stress FUTURE = Planning , Happiness , Worries , Excitement , Joy 
:( One thing I hold close to my heart is broken and is slipping away .. its like sand falling through your fingers ! 
decisions decisions .. I don't like hard decisions .. can't wait for a month to fly by !! 
today has to get better :( ... its been too emotional . I hate how family and ones you love pick you up and smash you into pieces .. need someone to help pick my pieces up and put them back together ! 
Glad I went to the chiropractor !! Found out my neck is seriously screwed up ! Sooo much pain still ! But hey im with good friends to help take my mind off everything .. Time to have fun :) 
Well headed home :( ... But feel alot better things are actually planned :) 3 weeks till my birthday and then a half week later i move ! 
at chiropractor ! 
well .. not allowed to work all weekend doctors orders cuz I'm still in severe state ! :/ ... anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > I have nothing all weekend ! 
feels like he's ruined the past , is wasting the present and is scared for the future ... there's alot to think about ! 
finished eating home made Enchiladas made by my awesome Gma <3 and now watching The Jensen Project :) 
a good drive to clear the mind .. 
tonights is gunna be sleeping like a < PROPFEMALE > sea :( 
noooot that I'm counting down or anything but hmmm 17 days till a fun day :P 
Windows down getting fresh air .. music blarin .. nice drive in the country time to think and clear the mind !! 
Once again im going to try to get a decent nights sleep even though my neck and back probably wont allow it ! 
Day 4 of sitting and relaxing not allowed to do anything really but relax and watch movies . Im sooo not the type of person to do this .... grrr .. txt or call 
[ if today was your last day and tomorrow was too late could you say goodbye to yesterday ? ] 
Time to go back to Iowa :(( 
ugh not up to working .. ready for my bday ( 12 days ) and ready to leave Iowa for good ! :) 
well .. working again 
great gpa was rushed to the hospital :( 
working 10-5 @ aero and supposed to work 5-10 @ Target yet I'm not allowed to work over 8 hours a day due to injury :/ Gah its killing me 
hmm kinda bored ... not sure if i can fall asleep lol txt time :) 
ever wonder if you were in the hospital who would actually come visit you ? Idk random thought . wonder who would really actually visit me ... 
Most of the friends in our lives are like the leaves on most trees . They come and go with the seasons . We never know exactly when they will come into our or when exactly they will go . The best ones of all though are the ones to stick around through all seasons . Although those are very rare and truly hard to find . 
Life is overwhelming and people are over rated ! I'm thinking ima ride solo .. 
chillin watchin \World Trade Center \"" 
A dayy to walk a day to drive a day to think .. today's another loner day .. 
wow just realized this is the first Tuesday in a month I haven't been in Illinois :( 
putting boredom and loner time to work lol finishing moving plans ( timeframe , work dates , etc ) web design , finishing business wrap up ( web hosting ) , school planning ( essays , transcripts , etc . ) oooooh boy txt me :) 
save me !! push fast forward this day must end !!! :'( 
Officially a Champaign Illinois Target and Aeropostale employee starting August 15th AAAAAAH ! Now im scared lol 
The realization of everything is hitting all at once :/ time is flying by .. 
movin in 2 weeks ... really starting to get massively nervous !!! idk .... 
times are gettin nerve racking . not sure what ima do . gettin hard to hide the feelings they're showing like a bilboard . oh no times tickin by .. 
family bday party lol 
\you hungry ? \ " \ " no\ " \ " oh Damn cuz I got a 6 pack of rolls !! \ " convo between < PROPFEMALE > and I haha " 
I don't know if I can do this .... someone help bring sense to these scrambled thoughts ... 
Thank you everyone for the Bday wishes :) 
thanks for the bday wishes :) lost island is awesome ! who wants to go to dinner and party after ?!?! txt me ! 
Ugh awake at 730 on my day off .. why ??? 
Moving in 5 days ! 
eating with the aero family :) well part of it atleast .. 
fashion show was fun :) now work till 7 at aero ! 
Fun night at Hamburger < PROPFIRST>'s with the bestest friends ever !!!! :P I guess its party every night till I leave ?! lol 3 days left ...... :) :( 
Well last day at Target today .. kinda sad :( Definitely gunna miss everyone ! :( 
gunna do a friends hair and then got dinner tonight with friends El Mexicano :) 
last night in Iowa ... with my bestows heading to dinner with peeps :) 
dinner was awesome :) so for the last night here gunna do ppls hair ;) color color color yay ! txt me .. 
goodbye Iowa , aero fam , target peeps , good friends , an my bestie < PROPFEMALE > ! :'( ... hello Illinois , < PROPFIRST > , an new peeps ! :) 
Safely in Illinois :) now to eventually sleep and work tomorrow lol first day at Champaign Aeropostale 
Apparently after a day with only 3 hours of sleep , working for 4 hours , fast packing and loading up a car in 2 hours , and driving for 5 hours I guess it wears you out hahaha just woke up gotta get ready and get some things done lol 
Well first day in Champaign .. Aero here is alot different but its cool .. Being away from ppl you know really makes you realize how much you care about them and how much you miss them when they aren't there to be with you when you need them and dont know what to do :'( 
Well its another day ... Work in an hour :) Then nothing :/ .... prolly just sit and chill lol 
Today was great :) aero was fun today ! 
Tonigh wast an awesosme night :) 
the Orange chicken from this panda express tastes like SHiT ! I miss lindales panda express :( I guess ill bring my own lunch from now on haha 
is feeling absolutely awesome about life now !! :) 
Miss < PROPFEMALE > Grimm i miss my cuddle < PROPMALE > :( lol My house Thursday night August 19th its a date ! :P jkjk 
huge stain from the bottom of my cup on ky shirt right before work .!!! good thing I work at a clothing store haha 
So here is another event to add to my Champaign events haha .. I walk out to my car at 12:30 am to move it into the driveway and after I unlock my car with the key and open the door the alarm starts going off !!! WTF ?! we couldn't get it to shut off < PROPFIRST > came out and finally we decided to pull the battery cables but by the time the hood opened up the alarm died lol WEIRD ! 
2 ppl just made my day an awesome new friend and my aero store manager !! :) 
Dont want to go to work today ! :( I just keep telling myself only today and tomorrow and I can leave and not have to work at Target for over 5 days !! Cant wait to go home then come back 5 days later to my new apartment ! :) 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me . LIKE this status if you think I'm a good friend . MESSAGE me if you've ever wanted to date me and COMMENT if we have had any good memories . Now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this as their status . 
Ready to go home ... 
at friends house chillin everyone's talkin an apparently I look miserable ?! 
feels like crap :'( I don't like being sick !! 
feeling better and on my way back to Iowa for the weekend . 
back in my home town of cedar rapids lol make it here in 3 1/2 hours Hahahaha 
I was driving to my parents place from cedar rapids when a semi about pushes me off the road !! But I held steady and he stayed but was pissed so he came flying up behind me actin like he was gunna push me !! Then he flew around me and so I called 911 ! Haha 
Is ready to back HOME to Illinois !! 
I'm pretty sure I am done with Iowa for good I dont really have any reason other than my Bestie and my Family to come back here ! Illinois is now my home :) 
Omg \Dark House\ " is the scariest movie I have EVER seen ! I have never jumped so many times !! Thank god < PROPFEMALE > was sitting here with me !!! " 
Whats wrong with me ?! I actually just teared up over a movie !!! Musta gotten dust in my eye :P 
Took the day with my Bestie to help my family out by cleaning the house ! Im tired of them living in an unhealthy moldy environment . I'm going to sign them up for ABS's Extreme Home Makeover ... They really deserve it and need it Mom & Dad take all their time helping others and not enough time to help themselves .. Its time to help them ! 
I'm done cleaning !! jeeeez my hands smell like clorine .. im afraid they may smell like this forever .. :( atleast the house smells cleaner and looks better :) 
Well 4 hours of sleep but im still loading up and once again LEAVING IOWA !! 
I have decided stress and worry will literally be the death of me no joke ! Its already making me very sick ! 
Finally in my apartment !! Moving in is hard haha sooo much work ! Worked 9am- 5:30 Target & 6pm- 10:45 pm Aeropostale today about the same schedule tomorrow but longer :/ 
Just got home from working at aero :/ worked 1pm- 3:15 am 
Last night worked 5pm- 4:15 am dang and today wasn't too bad 3pm-10pm lol .. now sleep then work tomorrow 9am- 4:30 pm Target and 6pm-10pm Aeropostale ... NEED TIME OFF !! 
Worked 8:30 am- 3:30 pm at Aero came home went to the grocery store then came home helped make dinner then fell asleep till now . Gah im sick sore throat , headache , congestion , and < PROPFEMALE > much more . Had to take tomorrow off to try to get better :( 
Went home yesterday helped cook dinner . Took airborne then fell asleep from 7:30 -10pm woke up still feeling like complete crap then went to bed at 12am and woke up today at 1pm . 15 hours of sleep later and airborne plus swimming an hottub im feelin good ! 
Spiraled for some reason today and feel like sh*t again :( working 9am- 5:30 pm then im going home and sleeping . 
On top of everything this crappy day ... I get a txt from my mom and she doesn't wanna talk to me ... :'( plz today just end !!! Im done ... 
Why is it such a cool thing to take pics of me when im sleeping ?? Everyone does it haha 
Ready to be healthy again !! Cant wait to see < PROPFEMALE > my bestie TOMORROW !! :) 
My bestie will be here TODAY !!!! :) YAY !!! 
Well im super sick :( had a massive fever at work tonight :( 
grrr was up every 15-25 < PROPFEMALE > last night :( this sucks I hate being sick :(( 
Got off work at 3 ... now to get stuff done like groceries laundry an cleaning and then rest since I sorta have a spiking fever :( 
Moving has been a life changer ! Made me think alot and keeps me thinking ... im still at a life changing point ... time for other things to change .. maybe a time for new things and new ideas ... 
Chillin at home with my bestie :) 
So ... I think im going to enlist in the Navy .... comments and opinions please :) 
Well the decision is kinda done ... I am waiting for the Navy to get back to me . Waiting for more information . We will see how this goes ... How exciting :) 
Heading home to iowa later tonight :) 
Having an awesome time here in Iowa with my family :) and i just found out today I have a new job and can finally leave Target !! :) I am ready to go back home though :) ( tomorrow after visiting friends here in iowa of course :P ) 
Had an awesome 2 days in Iowa visiting family , discussing the navy , and having a well interestingly funny dinner with friends ;P now im home making a zookie with < PROPFIRST > :) 
Life is full of wonders and confusions . In life everything has a time of which we have no control and things come and go in their own time . There are seasons in life much like the seasons on earth . We never know when they will change but when they do they change fast . People come and go in our lifes and so does alot of things . Hold close everything that you < PROPFEMALE > and let go of the left overs that arent needed . 
Had an awesome night with an awesome friend :) now I gotta start my day :P and go to work ! 
Had another amazing night ! :) Totally lovin life right now ! :D now just gotta work 5:30 pm-12am at Aero :/ oh well jacked up on caffine .. I'Mmmmm READY !!! :P 
Listening to music drinking my soda ... trying to drowned out everything , everyone , every thought !! GAH : Z 
Tired of life ! Ready for something new or everything to be done ! Navy Special Ops here I come take me make me a new person ! Screw me up for good ! Help form me into a better person ! I'm ready to have fun and fight to my death if needed ! Lets go ! - Oct 6th , 2010 
US MILITARY here I come ! Cant wait ! Tomorrow I'm going to go talk to a few other branches to see what my options are and what is best for me . Really cant wait to go ! 
I've decided AIRFORCE ! Cant wait till monday to talk to them again !! 
Grrr :( locked myself out of my room supposed to be at work now and I can't get ahold of any emergency < PROPFIRST > to get back in !! Wth do I do ??? 
Well I just INTELLIGENTLY got my door unlocked without damaging anything ! So * cough * * cough * yes Mom I am going in for Criminal Justice Intelligence Dept . because with enough smarts anything is possible ! :P 
Doesn't work till Monday at 8am with the new job ... :/ what to do this weekend ?? Roommates gone and uhh yeah :/ 
Bored .. txt or call anytime ! Probably be another night of movies 
Well nvm my night ended up better than I thought it would ! :) Had a friend over watched some movies had a good time ! :) Now for a repeat tonight ! :D 
Well the decision is made .... NATIONAL GUARD !! ( Thanks < PROPFIRST > Lydon lol :P ) 
Hates when you know you have to wake up early so you set your alarms yet your afraid all night long that your going to sleep through them so you end up waking up like every hour through the night plus waay earlier than you needed to get up :( TIRED !! 
Cant wait for the weekend !!!! :D 
Has had an awesome weekend ! :D Ready for next weekend already lol Can we just skip to friday ?!?! 
Gotta be at work by 0800 and will be there till 1600 so feel free to call or txt anytime :D 
Well today was an ok day . Tomorrow I work 0800-1600 @ AlliedBarton then 1700-2300 @ Aéropostale it will be a very long day :/ 
Well things are a little better lol I am headed to work at AlliedBarton 0800-1600 then to Aeropostale 1700-2200 so I shed an hour at Aero ... this will be a long day PLEASE txt or call me anytime before 1700 :D 
At work :/ 
Today was boring !! CANT WAIT till tomorrow night !!! PLEASE COME FASTER !!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > an I are going to be in Iowa Monday night through Wednesday evening !! Hit me up if u wanna < PROPFEMALE > while im there ! :) 
THANK GOD ITS THE WEEKEND !!!! :D Well my hair is gone .... ;P Accidently grabbed the wrong clipper number and well yeah military cut it is hahaha lol 
Todays the day ! Military Day ! 
Illinois State Troopers are hardcore ! Didn't mean to meet with him on the way to the National Guard :/ atleast < PROPFIRST > is already National Guard it cut us a lil slack lol :P 
Next friday I have to go back to Sgt . Pett with Diploma , Birth Certificate , College Transcript and with my paperwork filled out and signed then I will find out the dates for MEPS & the ASVAB test . Also found out ill be gone 23 weeks lol HERE WE GO !!!! 
Hooters for dinner !! :P how fun ! Lol 
Chillin till work 000 0-0 800 yay :/ then headed to Iowa tomorrow !!!! :D Time to party one last time before I ship out !! :D 
Gunna try to sleep for a few hours then head to work :( I work 000 0-0 800 then pass out for a few hours and drive to Iowa ! Oh boy !!! TXT ANYTIME !! 
Just as everyone dies off and goes to bed I get really tired already :/ ..... this isn't good . Still have 5 hours left ..... :/ someone txt me if ur awake 3195382998 
Will be in Cedar Rapids by 6pm ! 
Now in cedar rapids :D 
2day was a reminder of another reason I left iowa .. evry1 here bails on plans and ditches you ! Ready to leave ! 
Feels awesome to be home again ! :D 
Doesn't really like life at the moment ... why when u do what u want it hurts ppl ? Grrrr :/ 
Sadly my weeks now mean work ... REALLY dont wanna go to work in tonight :( txt or call anytime PLEAAAASE I work 000 0-0 800 ( 12am-8am) !! I got up at 12 noon today and have to stay up till 10am tomorrow to take < PROPFIRST > S . Parks to the train station ... GREAAAT ! :/ 
Onlu halfway through work :/ grrrrr this isn't going so well I feel sick im soooo tired ! 6 hour energy wore off ! 
Well i guess is time to say GOODNIGHT after being up for 24 hours and working 12am-8am ... 
Well Good MORN --- Wow I hate this schedule .... :/ 
I think .... This job is honestly going to drive me completely INSANE ! hmmm need to do some < PROPMALE > thinking !!! I dont know how I'll make it tonight .. 
Haha tonight haas been easy at work ! Thanks @ < PROPFEMALE > Grimm for talking to me and staying up all night ! :D 
GOODNIGHT everyone ! Once again I wanna thank the best friend in the world < PROPFEMALE > Grimm for stayin up with me and talking to me for almost 6 hours !!! :D 
Eating fried chicken for dinner ! :) gotta work at 12am again :/ already tired ... gunna take a nap . 
Now awake and heading to work ... Yay ? :/ TXT or CALL anytime ... im alone in a boring location tonight ... 
Loves how Eastgate sits right on the road that's like the worst part of the gehtto here in Champaign ... the first hour I was here there were cops every 5 < PROPFEMALE > no joke !! Hmmm drawing pictures , txtin , eatin , watchin shows ... 8am better come soon ! 
Decided I really need to find myself some colored pencils hahahaha I could sit and draw for hours ! I really miss < PROPMALE > and using my < PROPMALE > istic ability !! 
Finally home ... hmmm not sure if I am tired or not :/ lol 
hmmm I suppose in life we are supposed to make smart decisions ... well I think I made a dumb one today lol !! haha Came home from work slept for 3 hours then went to a bday party with < PROPFIRST > and hmmm I'm still up and I have to pick < PROPFIRST > up from the train station at 8pm ... sounds like no sleep and another 12am-8am night :/ 
hmmm really not sure how tonight is going to work .... PLEASE txt or call anytime !!! 
Just been chillin the last few days .. Today had some new life opportunities dropped in my lap .. got some thinking to do ! This week is going too fast !! I dont wanna go to work Friday morning lol . Oh well its life I guess . GOODNIGHT All !! 
What's on your mind ? .... empty mind 
Well forget sleep haha it just didnt happen ... 
Figured out why I've been puking .. add lack of sleep to super stressing and worrying about stuff together and you get sick ! 
Still not feeling the best ! Hate when ur mind gets ur body all worked up ! Also doesn't help im exhausted . 
Working a 12hr shift 200 0-0 800 ( 8pm-8am ) sooooo bored PLEASE txt or call ANYTIME !! 
You can tell im bored when I am sittin here reading the newspaper ! Gaaaaaah ! Txt or call haha save me !! :) 
Brainstorming ... hmm this can't be good ! Lol ANYONE need web work or computer help please let me know ! Definitely need side jobs ! 
I survived a 12 hour shift !! It was a very productive brainsttorming night came up with alot of stuff ! Hahahaha 
What's on your mind ? ... too much to fit in this box ... 
Tired of feeling sick due to stress !!!! Can things pleaaaaaase settle down !! :( 
Has noone to < PROPFEMALE > out with :( I NEED OUTTA THIS APARTMENT !!! I'm going CRAZY !! 
Really hating my work schedule !! Its screwing up my life in general !! I'll be working 12am-8am tonight so please txt or call anytime !! :D 
Just found out I work another 12 hour shift tomorrow :( 12am-12pm ( 0000-1200 ) ... grrrrrrr ! 
Hmmmm another night of work .. and another massive brainstorming night .. these thoughts are different though . Homesick . Kinda looking at all my options and all posibilities ! Hmmm 
Hahaha wow what a night ! So my supervisor has decided im pregnant lol :P since I have morning sickness , can't sleep well , when I do its for like 14 hours a day , I have a weird appetite , hahaha wow ! Crazy funny night ! 
starting to get these weird cramps :( 
Idk how im going to make it tonight :/ I work 12am-12pm .... :'( 
Hmmm another brainstorming night ! Homesickness is getting stronger .... making a chart of goals lol txt or call anytime between now and 12pm ( noon ) .. 3195382998 
Hmmm sucks knowing I have 4 1/2 more hours of work .... :( ima do something about this come monday ! Please txt or call anytime ! I just gotta make it till noon .... 
My relieving officer is late so I am still at work :/ 
Well I got home and made Cinnamon Rolls ate some and idk I suppose its about bed time ... :( Then work again 12am-8am ... txt or call anytime 
Ok I don't like this ... im sitting at EastGate the little shack across from the gehtto and uhh there's police activity like crazy and ppl everywhere .... SCARY ! 
These last 2 hours are gunna be hard .. im super tired with a massive headache :/ 
Just relaxing till I go to bed then to work 12am-8am ... Why is this weekend going SOOOOO SLOW ???? I feel like ive been working for days and days on end :( txt/call anytime 
Wow a night I actually couldn't wait to go to work ??! Hmmm obviously im pissed and grouchy and at work its atleast peace and quiet ! Never thought id say that ... 
And now its truely quiet ... a night where noone stayed up late ... guess ill uhh ... idk doodle or something :/ gah 5 1/2 hours left 
k so im going to post a joke every night i work cuz i have nothing else to do lol ... here is tonights ... \\" a guy goes home drunk and sneaks in so his wife wouldnt hear .. she wakes up to a BOOMM and yells what was that ?? he yells back uhh the coat fell !? and she replied well why was it sooo loud ?? the husband replies umm i was in it duh !? \"\"" 
\The great man is he who does not lose his child's heart . \ " -Mencius " 
Heading home then sleep then interview at 2:30 pm :) 
Just realized today is my Aeropostale 1 year < PROPFIRST > ! Lol wow its been a while :) 
hmmmm grrrrrr .... 
I declare today is going to be a good day ! 
Ok well maybe I spoke too soon ... 
\You are the author of your life . Unfortunatly you are writing in pen and your mistakes can't be erased . Your only option is to turn the < PROPFEMALE > and start a new chapter ! \"" 
I am declaring today an amazing day ! Bad news can come but ill put up my shield and look to the light ! :D 
Just finished a 2 hour walk with my roommate < PROPFIRST > ! I swear we discoverd the whole town of champaign lol 
It never fails ... always told I talk to much ... 
Tonight is not going well :( work sucks and I don't feel good ! I've already revisited my dinner 1x almost 2x :( 
Mommy Daddy bring me home !! I can't handle this job anymore :'( I just found out I work 44 hours this week :'( 
Well sitting at work almost half way through my shift !! But im tired of being sick and tired ! :'( this sucks ... 
This is waaaaaay too cold to be going outside all night long in an out of heat to 20 degrees an it feels like 14 :( 
Well fellow Iowans it sounds like I will be back FOR GOOD ( well a few years atleast ... or one lol ) by the end of the month ... Time to catch up , Party , and have a good ol ' time ! :) 
God please help me tonight ! Im not sure how im going to make it with no sleep/little food ! Its been an emotional rollercoaster today :'( 
Just realized by what would be 9am ( tmrw morning without timechange ) I will have been up for 72hrs with only 7 hrs worth of sleep split up ! 
Finally 6 hours of sleep after 77hrs of no sleep ! Still don't feel good and am super tired but feel better or atleast operational ! Work 8pm-8am so txt or call anytime 3195382998 
Time to sleep then go to work ! 12am-8am 
Well couldn't sleep :( realized I've been up for 29hrs an by the time im off work at 8am ill be up for 37hrs ... again :'( 
Well its now been 37 hours time for me to sleep ! I must say I FAILED last night and well lets just say i even drooled a < PROPMALE > on my hoodie lol :P I think its really time for some good ol ' sleep ! 
PARTY TIME in Southern Chicago !!!!!!!! 
A night u wished u could forget .. a day where things aren't quite right yet .. its time to stand up its time to look up .. 
Another night of work 12am-8am .. fun fun txt or call 3195382998 
Ik I only have 2 weeks left of this job but .. I really don't think I can handle even another night of it ... physically I just CAN'T! 
hmm I can tell tonight is going to be hard :( I am not even tired and need sleep before working 12am-8am tonight ... GRRRR !!! 
Well I ended up with like 45min of sleep .. this is rough ! Cant wait for this to be over !!! An cuz of this in an out all nite im getn sick :( 
I love how im sitting here and my supervisor is in his office passed out lol hahahahaha 
Well totally just slept like the whole 6 o'clock hour lol got woke up 2x once by a trucker laughing @ me and 2nd by coworker laughing too :P 
Well I survived ! I even talked to my supervisor about everything and so last night was my last night !! YAY !! Now to sleep ! 
hmmm what to do today .. what to do ... 
Totally not feeling good :S 
Todays another day ! 
Ha its awesome when someone wakes u up cuz they can't sleep and wanna talk .. but then they fall asleep talking .. now I can't sleep ... 
Very hungry :( 
Was very happy to be at Aero again ! ( Never thought id say that lol ) .... sad to go home ... 
I feel i've hit rock bottom finally ... I guess the only way is up from here .. 
Making these last few days in Illinois special ! Hangin with friends ! 
Nows a season id rather forget ... todays a day where I regret ... nows a time that needs to roll on by ... homes a place I dont wanna go ... dont wanna leave the life ive started and the friends I now have to leave behind ... 
Im at breaking point ................ 
Todays the day I wish never came ... But its that time to put the negative down and look towards the positive .. The drive will do me good !... 
Goodbye Champaign-Urbana ... :\ ( " 
Well my excitment of coming back quickly reduced when the realization of why I left hit me across the face again ... 
Things will be ok as time goes by .. 
Tired of being sick ... couldn't even make it into cedar rapids without puking on the side of the road . Then had to lay down in the back of my car and puked again :\ ( " 
Headed to the emergency room .. 
Going in for a catscan they think its appendicitis 
After hours of sitting in the emergency room im ok !! :) just need to eat more/ better and get healthier dang college living is bad for you ! 
So to explain everything .. basically i had acute appendicitis but after hours of being poked and prodded and many tests run basically just to buy time for ppl to pray for my healing before I had to have surgery the results came back and the doctor couldnt explain it but the appendicitis disappeared ! THANK GOD ! 
Time to do some FaceBook cleanup ... deleting those who dont communicate or if I really dont know you .. SORRY 
Happy THANKSgiving to everone ! I can tell you right now I am thankful for family , friends , everone special to me , but right now im most thankful that I didnt have to have surgery the other day !!!! YES today is a good day ! 
Chillin at home after a crazy day at work ! Tired of people , Yelling/Screaming , Standing , Complaining , Explaining , Fighting , Nasty Sarcasm , Cranky Ladys , and just plain TIRED in general after no sleep last night and Black Friday work day ! GOODNIGHT 
Tomorrow will be a looooong but AWESOME DAY !!! :DD 
On my way to Illinois to pickup Tyller !! Long day ahead lol ;P 
God plz protect all the drivers on the roads today !! I've seen too many cars flipped over and crashed ... 
Why does every other car on this interstate have an iowa plate ?? We are in the middle of illinois ... I think I've literally seen every county represented lol 
tired after a long day working in ADM corn sludge lol time for sleep then ADM again lol smilie face lmao 
Watching Despicable Me with < PROPFIRST > and my lil bro for his bday :) 
Last day of the weekend just chillin at home with < PROPFIRST > ... tomorrow another day of work ! :) 
Time to watch some movies with < PROPMALE > then sleep ! Early work morning tomorrow lol lots to do ! :) 
Heading to work with dad .. we pull up to a gas station pump an I ask \what are u doing ? \ " He says \ " what its almost on F ! \ " Haha lol I reply \ " uhhh yeah F = FULL\ " hahahahaha " 
Hates how u know there's things u need to change like how u treat people but u don't know how ... :/ 
Ugh woke up feeling weird and just as naussious as that appendix day :S great ! Haven't felt 100% the last few days just dealt with it but today idk ... 
Today wasnt all that bad I guess .. Great end to the day but im dead tired ... up since 6:30 am :/ 
Give me 2 hours and 15 < PROPFEMALE > and I'll be saying TGIF its been a long week and I'm tired !! Sooooo ready for the weekend !! Wanna do something ?? TXT MEEEEE !!! 
Today was a good Day ! :D 
Easy day at work today now time to chill and relax :D 
Todayys gunna be a looong work day ! Tomorrow will be nice a good 4 day vacation :D illlinois here we come ! 
Ever feel really dumb ? Llike maybe u shouldn't have gotten out of bed today ?... yeah well join the club ... I guess I lost my head ... 
Really excited ! Off work early headed home then leaving for vacation ! Be back saturday night then moving into the townhousee on Sunday !!!! YAY !! :D 
Ok well will be in bad service area the next few days so if I don't respond then ... well get over it haha ill talk to u when I have service again :P 
Third wheel is never fun .... 
Tylers sittin on his gmas chair next to me and realizes his hands on what looked like panties .. we freak out but then he picks them up and said oh don't worry its a shirt ... seconds later OMG its not !! Hahahaha 
Finally all moved in ! Phone still doesn't have a battery but we will fix that tomorrow after work ! :) 
Loooong day at work still not done .. got phone fixed last night ! ... possibly have Thursday and Friday off work this week !!! :D 
Wow today started out horrible ... dishwasher about burned up , ceiling started leaking water , etc . But its a lazy day .. laundry house cleaning etc . 
Finally its time for a new year ! :) goodbye 2010 here we come 2011 ! Its been an ok year but actually an awesome one ! Im ready for another great year ! 2011 will be amazing :D 
Anyone have an extra or a Verizon Wireless phone just sitting around that they don't need anymore ?? Prefferably one that doesn't need a data plan ? I need to cut down my cell phone < PROPMALE > ... 
Work work work :) 
haha so I learned that when you stop at a stoplight you have to stay stopped until it turns green and NOT stop and decide to go especially when their is a COP in the opposite < PROPFIRST > waiting at the light ... 
I'm sorry to all the people that have had to put up with all my crap over the years ! I'm sorry to those that I have hurt intentionally or unintentionally ! I'm truly truly sorry and wish I could make it up to everyone ! 
I think that it is time for some new friends and restoration to some old friendships ... oh and I have a new phone and lost all my < PROPFIRST > so txt me 319-538-2998 
* sigh * the things we do for friends lol ;) * cough * < PROPFIRST > hahaha 
my new years resolution for 2011 was working out everyday and staying fit ... so far going awesome already feeling amazing !!! 
Hello facebook lol dont use you much anymore haha do I look like I care ? uhhhh nope sorry ahahaha 
Friends a word I wish I could say I know what it is .. I can say I have atleast 3 but past that I gotta laugh at the word . 
Bored need some ppl to < PROPFEMALE > with ! Txt me 3195382998 
Hey hey hey party at my place haha movies , cookies , & < PROPFEMALE > haha awesoome ! 
Hmm needs more ppl to < PROPFEMALE > out with .. life would be a little more uhh EXCITING ?! Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > txt me 319-538-2998 ! 
Whole state of Iowa CLOSED ! Roads are all closed or NOTow & NO911 Emergency Service ! This is AWESOME !!!! 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > , Cedar , Jones , & < PROPMALE > Co Police , Sheriff , Fire , & EMS and there are cars and accidents EVERYWHERE ! Tomorrow will be an Eastern Iowa SHUT DOWN DAY LOL YAY !!!! 
Greeeeeeat ! Gotta thank my family for getting me sick :( massive sore throat and just crappy .. prayin it'll go away before tomorrow morning ... 
Thought today id feel better .... I was wrong .. 10 times worse .. ugh idk about todayy :'( 
Spiking Fever , Severe Cough , Sometimes cough up blood ( lungs raw ) , Runny Nose , Massive headache , Chills , ugh ... 
Haha All Dogs Goo To Heaven 2 brings back many memories lol 
YUCK !!! I hate when ppl dont clean out their lint screens on the Apartment Dryers !! So we end up cleaning out HAIR and who knows what else !! GRRRRRR 8 loads and 8 times cleaning out 8 different ppls hair ... OMG can you imagine ??? 
Off to work .. then who knows .. lol same old same old 
Well I finally did it !! What u ask ?! finally said yes an gave in to the talent scouts ! I've already got Disney Studios , Universal Studios , MGM , WB Studios looking at me wanting me to tryout for casting ! Hello dreams :) 
Came home from work and found out < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > thinks he is < PROPMALE > ! Lol he parted his litter box like the red sea ... oh no wait I see he cleaned his litter box .. clumps on one side and clean litter on the other WOW hes good ! 
Headed to illinois for the weekend !! 
God is awesome ! He was all over our trip to illinois and showed himself to those whho needed him ! Weekend quote = \Faith is not knowing God might Faith is knowing God WILL !! \"" 
Hi Ho Hi Ho its off to work we go ! lol Easy Day today test and stuff like school ... yay :/ lol 
Sitting drinkin my refreshment and watching home videos lol oops mom you don't know I have my video lol 
Cleaning living room , kitchen , dining room .. cooking dinner & cleaning bedroom , bathrooms , everything else ! Not sure thats smart lol oh w 
Made Orange Chicken & Chicken Wontons for dinner tonight ! :D YUMMMM ! 
Sushi house ! Oh how I've missed you !!! :D 
Friends friends friends .. that's truely what I need ! BORED ! ( Although don't feel the best but still lol ) 
Chillin with my peeps ! < PROPFIRST > an < PROPMALE > ! Relaxin , moviein , refreshin ... ahhh its good ! LOL 
Woooooowww too crazy of a night !! Uhh not again ... never again ! Im still awake and haven't slept ! 
Another day of work .. then the chiropractor ! yay ... 
umm so I bought a new vehicle ... haha 2003 Chevy S10 ZR2 :) 
Well .. Todays the day .. going to see the Othopedic Doctor about the bump on my bone in my right arm . :/ we will see how this goes ! Txt anytime I may be there all day ... 
Well after Xrays and talking with the Orthopedic Doctor , I definitely have a benign bone growth on my right arm about 3 inches below my shoulder . I am being scheduled for an MRI , more tests , and then surgery . 
Anyone wanna buy a 20\ iMac ?? Would like to sell asap ! :) " 
MRI today 2:30 @ St Lukes ... we will see what happens .. then xrays at the chiropractors . GREAT !! :/ 
MRI is done ! WOW dont wanna do that again ... MRI's are weird ! Creepy being stuck in a tunnel thats like 4inches from my face .. and magnetic sounds going crazy ! Sadly I wont know the results until my Orthopedic Doctor calls me or sits down with me . 
Well today is an awesome dayy ! Oh and I gotta say Popeyes has the BEST fried chicken !! 
WOW Taxes are finally filed !! WHY oh WHY do we have to do this every year ?!?! Thank GOD I am staying in Iowa this year ! Remind me if I decide to move that I move right at the end of the year so my new job starts at the beginning ! NEVER WILL I FILE FOR 2 STATES AGAIN !!! 
Welll I think this is a lovely morning ... sittin on the side of Hwy 30 with a blown out tire in the work truck :/ 
Well sat on the side of Hwy 30 for 2.5 hours talked with a state trooper then a sheriff and another state trooper . Now im still sitting at the firestone ! 
Finally !!! Getting a hair cut ! :P 
Hello Monday ... can you come back another day ?! Arms hurting like crazy ... Not excited about today ... 
Hey hey hey heye hiey hiy heiy < PROPFEMALE > lol haha i'm in a goofy mood :P 
Well today was a crappy day ! LOL LITERALLY ( I was working in a crap plant :@) grrrr my arm :\ ( it burns and is throbbing ! Can't wait till Monday to figure out when I can get it fixed !! BORED this weekend hit me up if ya wanna < PROPFEMALE > ! : b " 
Hahaha paaaaaaaaaaaartay ! YES ! 
Had a severe migraine last night ended up blacking out and then passing out ! Went to bed shortly after at 8pm but didnt wake up today until 11:30 am after < PROPFIRST > tried for a while to get me up . Ever since I have been super dizzy and now a migraine is starting again ;( 
Well surgery for my arm is scheduled for 11:30 am April 7th at the Surgery Center of CR . I will be immobilized for 4weeks to 3months no sports or lifting for 3months . Absolutely no muscle activity from now till the 7th . 
So I've been sitting here in the living room most of the day and I for the life of me couldn't figure out why I have kept getting up and going to the bathroom all the time ?! Well now I realize it prolly has something to do with the fact I was sitting next to a table that had a water foutain on it hahaha DUH ! :p 
\Why oh why does sheetrock break so easy ?! \ " \ " Hasn't your mother taught you to not throw things in the house ?! \ " \ " ... maaaybe ... \ " \ " DUH\ " lol ( True Story ) " 
Chillin with < PROPFIRST > an his grandma an mom havin some fun refreshments and keriokein .. 
Decisions decisions decisions ... why do I have to make hard decisions ?! 
Spent all day shoppin and everything now chillin with Tylers family in a hotel in cr ! :P 
