Starting to get excited ! < PROPFEMALE > will be in this world in 5 more weeks , < PROPFIRST > and I can not wait to see our daughter ! 

I loved a birdbath in your room because I'm sexy and i do what i want 
At RVCC Waiting for my NEXT Class to start !! And Im Extreamly Bored ! 
\Wooded\ " is what is on my mind ..... long story !! " 
Brand New pics of My car is Soon to be posted !!!! Im in love with it !!! It is now my new love !!! 
Feeling kinda bad today but yet im also so releaved of stress 
Feeling Exhausted ! 
Going to be chilling with Dayne < PROPFIRST > , then after that i am going to court !! Sum1 save me lol ! 
Going to work ! then after that Im hanging with < PROPFIRST > Roberts and going back to ewing !!! HIT ME UP ON DA CELLY <3 
< PROPFIRST > Iglesias was totally amazing !! He really is fluffy !! and I really did not want to leave !! 
Bored as hell in math class , can't wait until 8o'clock to finish my math hw online 
Missing The Love Of My Life Right Now , Can't Wait To See Him Later Tonight&hearts ; 
Blah !! thats whats on my mind , BlAh !! 
You know being ditched by your own fience is alot more painful then being ditched by a family member or a close friend , love is a < PROPFEMALE > tale and you never know what love will bring you until it hits you stright in the face . 
sometimes we try to find a road to the riches\ 
need roadside assistance\ 
blisters on my knees , from beggin ' for forgiveness\ 
Ain't no dollars on my tree , \ 
puttin mileage on my feet\ 
-Lil < PROPMALE > , Paradise 
Sleep is on my mind !!!! 
Finally in Ohio ForTwo Weeks !!!, I'll sure miss my family and friends 
Going to the cincinnati museum , trying to stay out of the thunderstorm that we are about to have . 
Got my car broken into at the cincinnati museum , what a fun day ...... not .... 
Well my car is off at the body shop getting repairs and a new window , still kind of stressed out . Hope i get my baby back tomorrow !! 
I Got my Baby Back Yesterday and im so happy i got it back !!! 
Dont know what im doing today , might be seeing Scotts dad today , then at night we are going to the firworks in williamsburgh ..... 
Finally at ease with the world now , but hey look on the bright side , Im Pregnant and loving life ! 
Five more days be4 i find out how far long I am , I'm Actually excited but confused on what to do next ! 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s Dad's house today , having a family get together . Hehe 4 more days !!!! 
Two more days !! Then I Finally get to go home !!! I miss da mamaz and da step dada and my daddy !!! 
I leave tomorrow to go back to New Jersey !!! Can't wait to go back home , then after tomorrow i get to find out what i have been waiting patiently for !! Im so excited ! 
Finally Back In New Jersey !!! Tomorrow Schedule finally get to see how far along i am ... (( hopefully )) and then a funeral R.I.P Great Uncle < PROPMALE > 
Well Im Still Scared as hell , worried as hell but you know I hope I can make it !! I found out im between 8 to 12 weeks pregnant , and i have to go for an ultrasound to actually see how far along i am ..... yeah !!! more poking !! 
Mehhhh im so stressed !!! 
Well today was the most amazing day I have every had !, I got to see my baby and hear the heartbeat !! It was so amazing !! 
Mehhh going to work today at 3pm until 11pm !! my old working shift !! lol but hey one good thing about today is that it's Scoot's ((<PROPFIRST>'s )) birthday !! 
Blah work was exhausting , about to go out to the grocery store to go get sum fruit and veggies ! Gotta keep myself very healthy for baby !, I can't believe tomorrow im going to be 2 months pregnant . 
Blah so full and so exhausted , work tomorrow then idk what im doing afterward 
So Exhausted !! but hey im at my moms and enjoying myself .... 
Blah .... dont know wat to do for the rest of my day , i have off tomorrow and i dont want to sit around . So if ne one wants to chill it up the celly ! 
Got work today 11am to 5pm , Then after i get to see my Future Hubby and then after I'm going to go home and bug da mamaz !!! 
For sum odd reason im really excited to c my future hubby lol , I Gotta love him , hehehe ne way , i can't believe this week is almost over !! 
At My Dad's Right Now , Then After Going To < PROPFIRST>'s , Wow Saturday is Almost Here and Im Going To Be 9 weeks ! It's Like Flying By !!! 
Mehhhh 9 weeks today !! 
Happy 4th of July to everyone , And Happy Anniversary Baby !! (( < PROPFIRST > Roberts )) Can't believe it's been 2 years today ! 
Got A Headache , And Im Missing My Hubby 
Dealing with Social Services today , (( sigh )) and then probably going to chill with a friend or two then after idk .... 
Ahhhh a day off of work just relaxing and being lazy !! Today im going to a movie with < PROPFEMALE > Jablonski and hopefully < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
10 weeks today ! Another 10 more weeks to find out the sex of the baby , It's killin me to know If it's a boy or a girl !!! I'm praying its a boy !!! 
At my dads , gotta go into work early :: sigh :: then hopefully seeing my love later 
I Miss my baby ..... :: Sigh :: 
Well i have discovered somethings that i should have not discovered because to me they are wrong and very disturbing for a person to like or want to see these things i have found ..... Not very happy at the moment 
Alot is on my mind , but i will finally find my peaceful place once i hit < PROPFEMALE > land in another hour 
Ever\ 
notice after Monday and Tuesday even the calender says W T F ? 
Missin My Future Hubby :'( < PROPFIRST > Roberts I love you Baby !! Hehehe !! For me , i went out and bought my first pair of baby diapers and wipes cuz the coupon i got was expiring nexted week .... Yeah Go Me !! Lol 
Still a lil disappointed , but finally getting over it , work was miserable , and the only thing i get to look forward to is seeing my future hubby at 11 tonight . Got my Second prenatel appointment tomorrow , I might be able to hear the heart beat !! ^.^ 
Hearing the heart beat of my baby always makes me feel so excited !, I wish i had one of those things u can get from Wal-mart or sumthing so i could listen to the babys heart beat all night , it just fasinates me !! 
Going swimming today in ewing , then probably going to have dinner with my dad , and then later i get to see the love of my life , which i can't wait to see the love of my life #2 in februrary !! 
Just got out of work , All day I kept feeling this butterfly in the bottom of my tummy , and come to find out its the baby having hiccups !! This is going to be really cool !! 
Just got back from the doctors ! Got work today from 3pm to 11pm , Can't wait to see my Future Hubby/the love of my life < PROPFIRST > Roberts ! 
Mehhhh So excited !! I can't wait to be 16 weeks !! I might be able to find out if its a boy or girl ! Im praying for a Boy !! lol 
Blahhhhhhhhhhhh so bored 
Bored as hell !! Need sumthing to do !! 
MEHHH so boredddddd 
Got work tomorrow from 1pm to 9pm , Waitting for my babys Daddy-to-be ( < PROPFIRST > Roberts ) to come home , Then after that IDK , I've been bored all day long was half attempted to go crib shopping !! lol ! 
Can't wait until tuesday !! 
Finally At Ease With Myself After A Long Day Of Stress 
Got work from 3pm to 11pm , then home , then waking up for work from 9am to 3pm ! yeah Workaholic !! Might as well be no one else is going to support my love soon to come ! I Love You Baby a.k.a squishy !!! 
I can't believe I gotta wait 5 more weeks to find out the sex of the baby :'( 
Just got out of the hopital I feel a lil better but not a whole lot . 
Who knows me ? Full name______ age____ birthday______ eye \ 
color_____nickname____ best friend______ favorite color____ favorite \ 
food_____ my babe : ______ post this to your wall and see who knows you \ 
best 
Mehhhh so tired !! I feel so over worked !! but hey this is my last week of a 40 hr week be4 I start College Sept 1st !! I Actually Can't Wait 
You know what annoys me ! I Know I'm Pregnant , but im not showing yet , Everyone I Know Likes To Touch My Stomach and Say \There's A Baby In There\ " Like Im Freakin Stupid . The Only Person I want Touch My Stomach Is The Man That Knocked Me Up !! " 
I'm So Pissed Off .... I Am So Not Looking Forward To Going To Work .... (( Sigh )) 
YEAH !!!! Im going to the beach today !! Gonna have some fun with my baby !! Im 17 weeks and 1 day pregnant and i cant wait until im 20 weeks !!! 
Ahhh Finally Out Of Work and Relaxing Man my poor lil body is beat !! 
BLAH !!! So Sick !! if it keeps up i might have to go to the emergency room !! and im not looking forward to the drive 
Blahhh Still not feeling good !! Can't wait until my hubby gets home !! 
Mehhhhh !! So Excited !! Can't wait 12 more days !! 
Kind Of Upset , Hopefully Everything Will Work Out . But On The Good Side I'm Finally Seeing My Dad After A Month !! 
Can't wait to find out what my lil monkeys gender is !! Tomorrow back to work until monday then school !! yeah !! lol 
Wonders why people think there hard yet when they have an argument with \ 
you they have to remove you from Facebook before they slag you off on \ 
there status ? 
Man I really Can't Wait to Find Out The Sex Of My Lil Monkey !!! Only One More Week Left !!! 
OMFG I am so nervous for class today !! Im the only female in my Auto Theroy Class !! Mehhhhhhh < PROPFIRST > Roberts And I Only have Six More Days Be4 We Find Out The Sex Of My Little Monkey !!!!! So Excited !!! 
Mehhhhhh !!!! 
What do you do if you see your ex crawling on the road with a broken arm and leg in your rear view mirror ? Put it in reverse and aim better . 
So Bored and Missing My True Love !! I Have No Idea What Else To Do !!! 
I Had the most amazing dream last night and I so did not want to wake up !! I'm Still thinking about it and I Still have that smile i woke up with ! 
MEHHHHHHHHHH Monday is only like 3 days away well technically 2 !! But idc i can't wait to find out the sex of my lil monkey !!!! 
Get to c my cuz < PROPMALE > Evans play his first football game !! Go EHS !!, then after I'm going to probably c my dad , sister , brother-in-law , and my niece and nephew and hopfully my brother !! 
Mehhhh !! Monday is Right Around The Corner !! 
Just a Random thought , After I went through my myspace and was looking at all my old pictures of me and < PROPFIRST > , I saw this picture of him holding < PROPFEMALE > ( My Niece ) and him looking down at her smiling , and I smiled and thought damn now we are starting our own family !! 
So It's Offical !! My Lil Monkey Is A Baby Girl !! 
Mehh My Tummy Has So Much Bruising And Is So Sore From All Day Yesterday From The Ultrasound To The Doctor Wanting To Get The Heart Beat Of My Lil < PROPFEMALE > !! 
can't figure out what's so GREAT about the Twilight movies ... it's all about this chick who can't figure out if she's into bestiality or necrophilia !!! 
Hmm Whats on my mind ..... Love , paradise , and just feeling completely broken . \ 
\I say the sun don't shine forever . \ 
sometimes , i just want to go back to the past so i can smile and laugh like the old times 
So Tired !! Going to bed alone tonight , tomorrow I got my brakes class from 2:30 pm to 7:20 pm and then after that I have no clue . 
It's Hard Picking Out Baby Girl Clothes ! There's So Much And I Have To Much Of A Picky Taste !! 
Missin the future hubby ! :'( 
Blah ! Auto Class today ! Can't Wait to see the future hubby tonight ! 
If I really Wanted People that Have Back Stabbed Me In My Life , Why Would I Want to continue talking to you . I Dont want you in my daughters life , my fience's life and so on . There's a reason I stopped Talking to you ! 
Nothing is really on my mind but sleepppppppp 
I do NOT have an attention deficit disorder , I \ 
just-OMG-SQUIRREL ! Wait-what was I saying ? Ohhhh ... what's your fave-HOLY \ 
CRAP !!! Its a cow with a mowhawk ! 
Why Keep waiting for something that will never happen , Why keep yourself so worried when nothing can cure it . 
Got work today ! 9 to 5 , Then after < PROPFEMALE > , Me and this big ass box of baby clothes are gonna sit on the floor and go through it ! Txt or call me if ne 1 wants to do ne thing since I Dont have nothing else to do after work . 
MEHHH !!! Finally Out Of Work , Im going to relax for a lil bit and then study up on my auto motive class ! 
You Know I'm So Happy to feel < PROPFEMALE > kicking alot more , but it feels so weird !!!! and She's a lil wild one always a wake and never asleep !! 
Man Today Kind Of Sucks ! Driving To School Today Was Crappy , I Never Thought That Having A Spoiler Will Blow You All Over The Road ! 
Missin The Hubby !! Got Work From 3 to 11 and then after work im heading home for some Home Made Chili !! 
So Im Excited for my October 11th appointment ! I have so many questions that have no answers to at the moment !! 
Class tomorrow and hopefully chillin with my friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Tonchee 
Missin the Hubby Right Now , After Class Im Goin To Chill With My Friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Tonchee probably gonna go to Pburg Mall To Get Sum Maternity Pants !! Yeah Me !! 
Brakes Class today !! Oh Yeah So Much Fun ..... not ..... Then After I have No Clue ! 
blahhhhh is on my mind !! Im So Exhausted ! 
I like it on the bench ! 
Class today and hopefully After I'll Be Seeing My Future Hubby !! hehehehe 
I Like It On The Floor 
Okay So I Officially Know What It Is Like To Be Pregnant ! My Poor Feet and Hands Are Swollen and I Honestly Feel Weird ! 
Poke\ 
me if youever had a crush on me . Like this status if you think I'm a \ 
goodfriend . Inbox me if you ever \wanted me\ " . Comment on this status \ 
You know it just dawned on me , Tomorrow I'm going to be 6 months pregnant and then I just realized I have 4 more weeks left of my second trimester and then I'm off to my third ! My god how time is flying by ! 
Got work today !, Not feeling up to it . Just wanna stay home and relax . 
Test in Auto Theory today ! Not excited about it , but ne way hoping i'll see the hubby later tonight ! 
Going to see my friend < PROPFEMALE > J . Heredia today , then after i might see my dad and then go home and do stuff !! Yeah ! lol 
Brakes Class today , All I Know Is I'm Going to Have A Boring Day , But After Class Im Getting < PROPFEMALE > Her Mattress For Her Crib !! 
if\ 
you have a wonderful man , who helps balance your world ... who isnt \ 
perfect , but perfect for you ... who would do anything for you ... who \ 
makesyou laugh ... who is your best friend ... who you want to grow old \ 
with ... and for whom you are thankful for every single day , then post \ 
... this as your status 
Up so early !! Left my damn Cell Phone at My Fiance's house ... grrr one place i don't want to return too on the weekends , Gonna try and go back to sleep , Got work from 2pm to 10pm . 
Mehhhh Last day of work until Saturday again !! Love that feeling ! Working 2pm to 10pm tonight , probably going to be by myself again ! 
You Know What Really Pisses Me Off Is That My Family On Facebook Have Been Deleting Me Off Their < PROPFEMALE > And It's Really Starting To Push My Damn Button's! I Hardly Talk To Them But Still WTF Did I Do To Get Deleted ?!?! 
BLAH !! Hardly Slept last night !, Got Class Today From 1 to 8 , then hopefully seeing the Future Hubby Later ! 
Sometimes the best of things do come around ... 
In Breaks Class , Going Over The Mid-Term . Probably gonna see < PROPFIRST > Tonight Dont know yet ... 
Class tomorrow then my dads for dinners ! 
I think it's time to give my poor car a bath !! It's kind of Over Due for a wash ! 
Work today ! 3pm to 11pm , then probably coming home and going to bed . 
Woohoo 2 more weeks before I am in my Third Trimester !! Jesus , Time Is Flying By ! Actually Starting to get really Excited and nervous ! 
Maternity Shopping Today !! And Then Work From 7pm to 11pm , Hope It's Not Busy today ! 
Damn it's halloween and I gotta Work This Year , Damn The only good thing that comes out of the night is seeing my fience after like 2 days of not seeing him !! 
Got Work From 2pm to 10pm then tomorrow Class from 1pm to 8pm 
Hmmm let's see what's on my mind ...... hehehe I don't think facebook wants to know hahaha 
School today ! Got My New UGGS Last Night ! Dont know what im doing later , hit me up ! 
So Exhausted ! 
Woohooo Last week of my Second Trimester ! God It's Going by so Fast ! 
God My Lil Monkey Is So Active !!! Got A Doc Appointment Thursday ! 
Like\ 
my status and I will tell you : 1 ) Something I learned about you by \ 
looking at your facebook wall 2)The color you remind me of 3)My first \ 
memory of you 4)The animal you remind me of 5)Something I’ve always \ 
wondered about you 6)My favorite thing about you 7)Give you a weird \ 
nickname 8)REPOST IT ? 
Work today ... Can't wait until Thursday ! 
Doctors tomorrow ! Gonna Get Stabbed and Poked ! Yeah ! 
Went to Doctors today and now i gotta go for an ultrasound ! so excited !! 
Mehhh . Got Class today until 3:20 and then Dinner with the future Hubby Tonight ! 
WooHoo Goodbye Second Trimester , HelloOoOo Third Trimester ! Lil < PROPFEMALE > is almost here ! 
So nervous right now , got the midwife coming over around 11 am ! And I'm hoping everything is going to go well , can't wait for my ultrasound this Monday ! 
Just Got done running around , so Exhausted and tired !! < PROPFEMALE > sure knows how to kick my butt !! 
WoW Okay maybe i didn't realize how \simple\ " a stroller could be and here i am making it seem difficult ! Just got done putting < PROPFEMALE>'s stroller together and scratching my head on how to work the thing ! " 
Got School today and i Might be going to Ewing to Visit my Dad today ! 
So P'd off right now ! I worked almost all night on my power point and i get to school and it's not on my USB Drive ... WTF man ?! 
Mehhh I miss the hubby ! 
Got work tonight !! But yet I'm so tired ! Got my ultrasound Monday so nervous ! 
Went to bed with some ouchy ribs and still woke up with them !! Is this suppose to ne normal ?! 
Can't wait until tomorrow ! I'll finally get to see my daughter hehe 
< PROPFEMALE > weighs 2lbs and 15 ounces !! And everything looks good so far ! 
Going to Visit my Dad in Ewing today , NATE YOUR COMING !! lol , and then after going to be spending time with the future hubby ! 
Got a doc appointment tomorrow , Nervous and scared about it , Hope everything will go well , wish me luck ! 
Mehhhhh Going to Pburg < PROPFEMALE > ll With my < PROPFEMALE > Dukes and then seeing the future hubby after , Tomorrow Thanksgiving at my moms ! YEAH ! 
Woohoo its snowing !! Yeah ! Happy Thanksgiving ! 
I want to do this Black Friday Thing But I Don't Want To Go Alone !! 
Well black friday at 1am in the morning was not that bad ! thanks to nate I actually got what I wanted ! 
Mehhhh Finally after 5 hrs of sleep and 7 hours of work i can finally put my madness to sleep !! Work tomorrow from 2 to 10pm then hopefully i'll be able to see the hubby !! 
Wow i have 10 more weeks left be4 I get to met my baby girl ! Work today from 2pm from 10pm , hopefully I'll get to see my hubby today ! 
Blah !! 
Meh ! Got Work From 2:30 to 9:30 then probably seeing the hubby after work ! 
Going to Ewing tonight with the hubby , Seeing my Dad and then after I have no clue ! 
Lamaze class tonight ! < PROPFEMALE > Kurz my mama is coming with me !! MUWAHAHAHA !! 
Watching \16 and Pregnant\ " on mtv.com Join me in chat : http://soc.li/QidEmbm " 
Missing The Hubby Right Now , My Tummy Is Getting Big !! lol 
Wooohooo the mentalist is on !! 
Trying to Relax today and not do anything all day ! Which knowing me , It wont happen 
Got work all day !! 2pm to 10pm ! It's going to be a long day I can just feel it . 
AHHHH Relaxation !!! 
Ugh !! I am so coming down with a really bad cold !! It feels like i have a fur ball in the back of my throat !! and it's driving me INSANE !!! 
OMG !! I just Realized that < PROPFEMALE > will be here in exactly two more months !! and boy I am nervous ! 
So Exhausted !! 
I know I once was a new driver , but to all the new drivers there are two pedals in your vehicle please learn to use these objects properly 
So I got my 2 week appointment Check up today !! Maybe my doctor can help with this head cold !, then after at 6:45 pm I have my Lamaze Class with my Mom !! 
Not feeling so good today ! Can't wait to see the hubby around 10 tonight . 
Thinking about going to Ewing today . I probably won't go , idk yet 
Woohoo I'm 8 months pregnant !!! 
Frustrated ! 
Confused and having those achy ribs day ! 
OMG My ribs are really hurtin ! and I know They will only get worse ! 
Still Have those Achy ribs , probably will for a while . Hopfully going to chill with my < PROPFEMALE > dukes today ! Can't wait to see the Hubby later ! 
Lamaze tonight with my hubby !! I get to see the maternity < PROPMALE > tonight . 
Relaxation day today !! 
Landry day tomorrow and cleaning ... starting to feel the need to clean a lot more then usual 
I can't believe Christmas is a week away ! December has flew on by ! Got Work today , 2-10pm , the joys of working at WaWa ..... 
Ahhh finally off work , and now im icing the ribs ! Work tomorrow 3pm to 10pm . 
Mehhhh work Monday 4 to 11pm , seeing the hubby tonight once I get off of work . Yeah ! Lol 
Ahhhh prenatel appointment today , and what I would give to have my ribs stop hurting right now ! 
Ahhhh Cleaning my car today ! Inside and out ! You don't understand how bad it needs it !, Gotta get it done be4 it's impossible for me to do it with this growing belly ! 
Well getting stuck in the drive thru car wash was not what I was looking forward too . But thank god for drive , I had to drive half way through ! 
Ahhh Ewing tomorrow ! Then idk what afterwards 
Finally got < PROPFEMALE > rything done , opening christmas presents tomorrow due to me working christmas day ! Yeah double time ! Ewing tomorrow again and christmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner . 
wow I just saw a mini cooper with spinners .... 
Bored , work tomorrow morning from 7am to 1:30 pm . So < PROPFEMALE > christmas to all for those I don't get to see ! 6 more weeks be4 our beautiful daughter < PROPFEMALE > gets here ! 
Woohoo SNOW !!!!, oh how much I love to look at u , but ooooh how I hate to drive in you ! Lol 
Getting my car tinted tomorrow , so excited ! Then I'm seeing my dad for an all day shopping spree (( that was my present for christmas )) 
Finally getting the car tinted , going to cost a lil more due to my car already having tint on it , fingure that out and I never knew it lol 
So excited my car looks so pretty ! Work tomorrow from 3pm to 10pm 
Happy New years < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone ! Pretty soon we'll have our new addition to our family within a month ! 35 weeks pregnant tomorrow ! Can't beli < PROPFEMALE > she is almost here ! 
Ahhh can't wait until Wednesday ! Work tonight 1pm to 9pm 
Got a full day tomorrow , Doc appointment , then changing the oil in my car and then off to ewing tomorrow . Got work tonight from 5pm to 10pm 
Okay I'm actually shocked that the pplz at honda do the maintaince on my car like they say ! Just wish I could get that free car was they do in the summer ! 
Ewing today , then later no clue ! 
Ultrasound today then after washing < PROPFEMALE>'s clothes and blankets ! Can't believe she is almost here ! 
Update !! So < PROPFEMALE > weighs 6 pounds ! And I'll be posting her ultrasound pictures shortly 
Ughhhh okay now I'm feeling the whole tiredness of being pregnant !! I'm so tired of being tired lol ! I want my energy back . damn it >.< 
Work tonight ! Then tomorrow ewing until Wednesday ! 
You know some customers at my job are really not that bad ! One customer stopped by my job last night just to give me dipers ! I thought that was really sweet of her ! 
My ribs feel like they r being torn open right now , this child needs to drop alreadys so mama can breath and not have heartburn no more !! 
Woohoo hair cut today ! And only 3 more weeks be4 I get to meet my bundle of joy ! 
Got work today ! 3pm to 10pm then sleeppppppp ! 
Hips are killing me now !! Guess it's from her dropping !! Only 3 weeks away , starting to get nervous/excited ! 
Okay , why is when I walk into game stop to check something out that I noticed I am surrounded by \large\ " people .... that really say's a lot ! " 
Ugh hips r still killing me but I keep telling myself only a couple weeks ! 
Ahhhhhhh tomorrow gonna pack the hospital bags (( any advice ?! )) Then gonna clean the room a lot more . 
