Holiday Break is finally over . Hopefully back to work sometime soon . I already have a day over at < PROPMALE > High on Wednesday . Also back up on the night job front ; < PROPFEMALE > is asking her father about openings at Gamestop , as he is a manager and apparently a few people recently got canned . 

hopes he will be able to survive on what substitute work he will pull in , plus 20 or so hours of part time evening work a week . I really need to move out . 
needs to defer his student loans . Here's hoping I get minimal shit for it . 
is going to wait until his cold sore scab goes away before turning in substitute packets to local schools . The herp-infested/bar room brawler look isn't good for a first impression to a district administrator . 
Hopes , Hopes , Hopes he can make this substitute teaching thing work in the fall . I can't stand where I'm at right now , and I have at least two months of it to go . 
spends half of his time on Facebook finding new and interesting quizzes on his news feed ... and blocking the hell out them . 
Going out to turn in substitute teacher applications for Easton and Catasawqua in the morning . I hope this shit works out in the end . 
' s favorite things to do while at work include : A . Making sure nobody is stealing narcotic prescriptions , B . Ensuring nobody pisses themselves , C . Discovering that half of the ingredients needed to make dinner that night are not there , D . Working on a 
Is home from work , and fairly bored . Anyone want to do something before I fill myself with beer for the night ? 
is on his way to getting his New Jersey teaching license , registered as a substitute/teacher's aid for Phillipsburg district , and got his oil changed today . All this done today before the time I usually wake up . 
Is considering a new hair style , as that bald spot is growing with the quickness . 
Off to work . Need to call < PROPMALE > county board to get Nj teaching certificate and then a < PROPFEMALE > company to defer for a year . 
just turned in two more applications . So far that makes Easton , Phillipsburg , Nazareth , < PROPMALE > , and Catasauqua . Finishing up my online bs so I can include Bethlehem on that list too . If I don't get regular work this upcoming year , I'm gonna choke a bit 
Has been getting more shit done today . 
ETS requires me to pay an additional $40 to send each score report out on tests I have already spent over $350 on . The system can gargle on my well groomed sack . 
Got a call back from the Catasauqua High School ! :: Thrusts his groin to the air in victory :: 
Anyone want to do something late tonight ? Until then I'm off to my horribly depressing job that I'll be quitting in seven weeks . 
My mother's dumb dog attacked a skunk , grabbing it with is mouth and hoisting it up . Obviously , he got the shit sprayed out of him and is basting in tomato juice . 
In other news , I am now a substitute at Catasauqua school district . 
is at work and bored . On the plus side , I've noticed a few promising apartments , including one right above < PROPMALE>'s pub . 
Damn rare old books and their even rarer English translations . 
is a violent sexual deviant , an erotic adventurer of the most deranged kind from the fourth dimension . 
One week until I turn in the letter of resignation . Two weeks before I start trying to secure a job for evenings . One month before I begin trying to make the whole substitute thing work . Three to four months until I try to move out with the CT . 
is going to work shortly . 
Discovered the clearance bin at one local porn shop . In doing so , I have discovered where to do a majority of my Christmas shopping for this year . 
is doing his damnedest to learn the Vassal software . 
Whiskey out of a < PROPMALE > jar > sleeping pills . 
Off to work , then two days off . Anyone up for fun ? 
is bored as hell and looking for something to do tonight . Until then , he's probably basing some models . 
feels like hell . 
officially has 21 work days left at the group home . Also , I believe both companies I have student loans out with are both morons and schemers . 
just purchased some new armor plates . They should be here in four weeks and I'll need to strap them . 
Anyone know of anywhere local ( Easton area ) that is hiring part time ? 
Is bored at work . Looking at apartments for rent and applying varnishes to his Warmachine/Hordes stuff . 
Yep , changed the user name . I'm too vulgar and too involved with regional schools to put the full thing up here ; even if my account is friends locked to all hell . 
Streetlight Manifesto is playing Croc Rock Friday , September 18th . Who's up for it ? 
My interview at < PROPMALE > Area school district went awesome . The principal said he liked me a lot and was personally going to recommend me at the next board meeting . I fucking rule ! 
Can't for the life of him find a pair of brown Renaissance boots that he likes . 
Had a big day of Warmachine Summer Rampage tournaments . 
is sitting down with some honey-bourbon and < PROPFEMALE > ale . Now do I want to relax and paint or play some TF2 . 
Enjoying some fun times with the girlfriend and the inevitable fun/arson that comes with it . 
May have found an evening job at Suncoast video while I substitute . 
is organizing his life . 
is sifting through years of junk in his attic going as far back as high school . I came across a random scrap of cardboard with writing on it . For some reason it has \Shifty-eyed Creole prostitute ... foreign an idea as sex without weeping\ " written on it . " 
Going out to fix some substitute stuff . Also , autumn seems to be early this year . 
Crazy Old Man : I WANT A CUP OF COFFEE ! Me : It's 10pm , I can help you make some herbal tea . C.O.M. : ( Proceeds to hurl a coffee mug at the back of my head , barely misses ) . \I AM GOD !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ " Me : You keep this shit up and you'll end up like < PROPFIRST > the Baptist ! ( Two other residents proceed to laugh their asses off ) . " 
Is no longer an employee of Hope Springs . Hope to start getting substitute calls next week . 
Tried staying up all night and day so I could reset my sleep schedule I still have from my old job . Splitting headache from nowhere canceled that idea . 
Got called for my first substitute job ! Nazareth High tomorrow at 7:00 am . Whoo ! 
First day of subbing was ok . Most of the students were fine . A few made me wish I had the ability to start fires with my eyes . Such things are to be expected from 9th and 10th graders . 
Does anyone in Easton know what the fuck those explosion sounds are that have been going on throughout the day and if they were related to the power going out earlier ? 
Girlfriend has left after a great three and a half day visit . Not gonna lie , I'm kind of bummed now . 
Just pulled a half-inch sliver of glass out of the ball of his foot from walking in the kitchen . All I wanted was a fucking sandwich . 
Just tried on all of his collective armor . Damn , I'm not getting anywhere fast next weekend . 
Got his second substitute job tomorrow at < PROPMALE > Middle School . Now to remember how the hell to get there . 
The only two substitute jobs available for tomorrow ( currently ) are a shop teacher and a phys . < PROPMALE > . teacher . Not sure I'm qualifi < PROPMALE > to teach either . If everything else comes up dry I'll be on the fast track to Levittown tomorrow . 
Getting ready to go to Levittown for the day . Be back tomorrow probably . Still really worried about financial future and the whole moving out thing . 
On AESOP , hoping a sub job comes up . 
Got a sub job teaching special < PROPMALE > at P'burg high tomorrow . Whoo ! 
Just applied for a full-time social studies teacher job with Easton . 
Taught an awesome class , applied for a full time job , watching the season premere of Heroes , and Warmachine MK2's official rules and cards are out for FREE ! Today , Today is a good day ! 
Anyone want to go LARPing this weekend ? Several slots just opened up and we could use some more adventurers ! Best time to make a great first impression and really do some great RP . Myself and others are more than happy to < PROPFEMALE > out costuming , weapons , equipment , and even some armor if that's your dig . Who's up for it ? 
secured a job teaching Home Ec . on Friday . Now to find work for tomorrow . 
Teaching < PROPMALE > tomorrow , Home Ec . on Friday , both at < PROPMALE > High . 
Teaching went well enough . I also taught across the hall for the woman I'm covering tomorrow , so I already know what to expect . Score one for me . 
Teaching a Home Ec . class tomorrow . Then off to the Celtic Classic briefly before heading off to the woods of northern < PROPFEMALE > . 
So I have a futon that I need to get rid of this week . Anyone want it ? 
Was stirred from a delightful nap by a dream that he'd burnt the house down . 
Sloooooow work week . 
Is considering going as Dr. Rockso for Halloween one year . 1 part for hilarity , 1 part to fuck with all my friends who are terrified of clowns . 
Anything described as \Hyper-Violent\ " is A-Ok in my book . " 
Dammit teachers ... get sick already ! 
is listening to Badly Drawn Boy and waiting for his baby baby to roll on up to Easton . 
Is watching a show on the History channel about how aliens must have built every ancient structure in the world . I'm assuming the title is something along the lines of \Lazy Science \"." 
Had a job for this morning , but when he went to hit accept , it was sniped . Been sitting here naked in the dark hitting refresh for 20 minutes hoping something comes up . 
So yeah , I may have shown up to a substitute job a day early . It was bound to happen so now I know to double check the dates . On the plus side I got to meet the teacher as I was pulling out of his parking spot . 
< PROPMALE > Day = No pay for me . 
It's suppose to be raining and cold all homecoming weekend . That and we're suppose to be staying in a tent . Here is to hoping we're drunk enough not to notice . 
Off to spend the next two days at P'burg Middle School . I have mixed feelings about this . 
Eviscerate the Proletariat , Eviscerate the Proletariat , Eviscerate the Proletariat . 
Whoo ! Got paid today ! This almost makes up for the hell that was yesterday's substitute job . 
At Catasauqua Middle School until 3:00 pm . Followed by a nap and then off to Ship . 
My iron wall of an immune system has yet again beated back what could have been a weeklong sickness in less than 24 hours . CT on the other hand is not fairing as well . I'll be spending my free time taking care of my baby baby . 
CT is terrified of the Tabasco commercial with the singing pepperoni . This joys me to no end . 
Now has the girlfriend playing DDO with him . It's all downhill from here . 
Dammit , someone get sick so I can teach your class ! 
Had a dinner of spinach and cauliflower tortellini , various sushi and sashimi , Spanish cheese made from sheeps ' milk , and beer brewed by cloistered Belgian monks . This was followed by hanging out with the girlfriend , watching movie and snugs . All this and an awesome day of teaching . Today was a good day . 
Finds it interesting that my daydreams as of late have comprised of equal parts the usual stuff ( cutting stuff open with knives ) and enjoying odd foods with < PROPFIRST > Zimmern and < PROPFIRST > Bourdain . 
Is happy the World Series is over . Now both camps here on my FB feed can stop their collective menstruation and get back to remembering how boring baseball is . 
Why did my facebook feed randomly switch over to Spanish for a while ? 
Cannot for the life of him find his clipboard binder , that has a lot of important stuff in it . 
Here is hoping that my clipboard/binder of wonder was left at < PROPMALE > Middle School , and thus have the < PROPMALE > of recovering it this morning . Here is also hoping they didn't look through the full notebook full of journal entries and personal notes . 
Apparently the alleged Ft . Hood shooter is paralyzed from the waist down . Looks like his execution chamber is going to have to be wheelchair accessible , otherwise the ACLU is going to have a shit-fit . 
My substitute assignment went great yesterday until the final period , where the kids went nuts and the principal and security had to come in . Top that with a still missing binding and lack of sleep . Today should be a fresh start . 
Anyone up for seeing Pirate Radio tonight ? 10:30 ish ? 
Doesn't look like the liquor store can take me on for seasonal this year . I desperately need to find an evening job soon . 
Things MAY be looking up . Apparently the Folks Township Community Center is looking for people for evening and weekend shifts . If what I heard is correct , the pay may be better than what I would get at the liquor store or at my previous job at the group home . My aunt also works there ( who also happens to be one of the township supervisors ) , which may help me in the end . 
Now wonders if he is officially too old to attend the Easton bon fire . 
Wishes he was a gambling man , because I almost feel like putting money on guessing how many Walmart shoppers will be trampled this Black Friday . 
I tell myself I'm going to bed , and end up spending another hour translating more French and Latin books from the 17th century . 
Finds it incredibly strange that his girlfriend and he love to loudly and jovially sing a song together entitled \Everyday I Love You Less and Less \"." 
Is having fun with the pissed off Hordes players on the Privateer Press boards . They're whinier than Cygnar and Cryx players when Warmachine got their revamp . If this makes no sense to you , please ignore it . 
So the floor has been torn up in my kitchen for new tiles ( first in 20 years ) . Both of my mother's dogs are terrified to walk on it . It's so bad , they wouldn't even traverse the tiless floor for turkey meat . 
Finally got around to completing a project he gathered all the parts for over a year ago ; he has built a fully functional shield out of a steel saucer sled . 
Relaxing , studying , and playing games . 
Loves reading the local newspaper online and the comments below each article . It has given old people and racists the ability to complain at the speed of light . 
The good news : I have an interview at the Forks community center Tuesday after I'm finished substituting . 
The bad news : I deposited my check , then filled up my gas tank , then bought my uncle's gift , then ordered my father's gift , then paid off my credit card's minimum . I am left with $70 in my account and $37 in pocket an hour after depositing my check . Thus I desperately need the evening job mentioned in the previous post . 
I've been hacking up nearly solid chunks of dark yellow phlegm for the last four days . On the plus side , I think my throat cold is clearing up , even after being exacerbated by yelling at 12 year olds all day yesterday . 
On a better note , the job interview I had yesterday went amazingly well . They have 6 openings and 40 applications . If I don't get one of those positions , I'd be very surprised . 
So Fuglee's is open the night of Christmas starting at 8pm for drinks and karaoke . If nothing else has made CT and I look like horrible drunks , this will . 
and CT spent the entire day after work painting models and baking cookies . Pretty damned constructive for the two of us . 
Got a letter from the Forks Community Center . No go on the job . Back to the drawing board . 
Apparently my student < PROPFEMALE > companies are trying to say that I cannot defer/forbear on my < PROPFEMALE > s for longer than one year . When did this start and how the hell am I suppose to start paying them without a fulltime position yet ? 
Alright , that was a super break , now let me get back to freakin ' work . 
So nothing within my parameters appears on any of the online job sites . Tomorrow I go out and search manually . Anyone have suggestions or know of anywhere in the Easton/Bethlehem area hiring for nights and weekends ? 
Shit happens when you party mostly naked ... 
Subbing today , tomorrow , and Friday so far this week . Hoping to grab something for Thursday too . Still looking for night work . Wonder what the first thing I'll invest in will be ; bills or that argon-pressurized flamethrower schematic I've been eyeing up . 
Tomorrow is a fun filled day . Going out for a bit of shopping/job hunting ( Gamestop thing didn't turn out ) . After all that nonsense , going to get my Warmachine < PROPFIRST > II book and maybe a new transport bag . Then dad is doing a big ass fish-fry with the stuff I got him for Christmas . 
This befalleth when thou firk’st a stranger ‘twixt the buttocks , < PROPFIRST > ! Understand’st thou ? Dost thou attend me ? Seest thou what happens , < PROPFIRST > ? Seest thou what happens , < PROPFIRST > ? Seest thou what happens , < PROPFIRST > , when thou firk’st a stranger ‘twixt the buttocks ?! 
Decided to play along with this \Way-Back Week\ " picture thing . " 
I haven't eaten anything for a good 27 hours , and I'm honestly not hungry in the least . I don't feel sick , but this is still kind of strange . 
Began singing the Gypsy Kings ' Spanish version of \Hotel California\ " ( ala ' The Big Lebowski ) in the middle of class today . My students were verily confused . " 
Is doping his immune system with C and B complex vitamins and Advil cold and sinus . I'm still pissed about not going to Portal earlier because my body was rebelling against me . 
My stuffy nose is already a hell of a lot better . Not up to 100% yet , but I'm breathing through it fine . My only concern is that I KNOW CT will catch this from me , and what took my immune system 48 hours to conquer , will take her's at least a week . 
Was productive tonight . I fully painted one of my Pyg Bushwackers ( pic later ) , and finished all of my new shield's construction minus the basecoat of paint . 
Suncoast at the local mall is closing up shop . I was able to get < PROPFIRST > Got His Gun ( a classic ) , Sideways , and Hamlet 2 for about $20 . 
What would yooooouuuuu do for a Klondike Bar Pontius Pilate ? 
The thing I like most about Dragon Age : Origins isn't the amazing gameplay . It also is not the great story , nor is it the great combat system and world exploration . Above all of those awesome things , Oghren's dialog is by far the best part about the game . 
So one of CT's coworkers suggested this sollution to solving my credit problem . My problem is that Citibank mega-rapes me on interest ( 23% I believe , regular rape doesn't begin to describe how much that sucks ) . So I am looking for a lower rate card to transfer my entire balance onto and pay off my debt at a reasonable rate . My question is does anyone have any suggestions as to where I can transfer my card to ? 
Applied for yet ANOTHER night job . At least this place didn't outright say they weren't hiring . 
Soooo BET is showing full coverage of the State of the Union address . As far as I know , that's a new one . 
Played in an all day Warmachine tournement yesterday at Portal . wasn't expecting to do that well but I ended up taking 2nd place out of a dozen . My $10 buy in got me $30 in store credit . Then I met up with CT and some friends and saw Legion . Fun movie , but the acting was so bad that I think it gave me diarrhea . 
I've had a variety of < PROPMALE > Waits songs stuck in my head all day . Not a bad thing in the least . Teaching Social Studies tomorrow , Whoo ! 
Filled out another 2 online job applications . Finding a part time job wasn't even this bad when I was in freaking high school . Well over 10 applications in so far and a few fruitless interviews . Not going to lie , this is pretty damned disheartening . 
On the plus side though , I've been personally requested often to sub at < PROPMALE > . Teachers , administrators , and even the students have all complimented me on my work there over the past 6 months . Teacher job fair coming up in late March . I'm looking forward to that . 
CT has a phone interview with T-Mobile tomorrow ! Whoooooo ! I'm excited for my baby baby . 
On the way home from Levittown , I drove over a hill to find a very fresh deer corpse laying in the middle of the road after the hill's crest . Not being able to do anything , I drive directly over it . Car ran fine the rest of the way home , but I think the slight burning odor once I arrived home was merely < PROPFEMALE > gray matter charring on my hot undercarrige . 
Few things get me going as much as the Gypsy Kings version of Hotel California in Spanish . 
My car my suck epically in the rain , but for some reason it is a beast for snow driving . I barreled through the middle of that storm in the middle of the night without even a single swerve . I even parallel parked on a steep hill and had no problems getting in or out . 
So I keep seeing this winter storm referenced as the \Snowpocalypse\ " . Really people ? I’ve seen more snow in an < PROPMALE > Pacino movie . " 
Taking < PROPFEMALE > , my cat of 18 years , to the vet around 7:00 pm , probably to be put down . 
Lots accomplished over my snow days , including painting a new model , some light wood working , and a job interview scheduled for Monday . I have a nine day sub assignment coming up at the end of the month . What makes it even better is that he has a student teacher . 
Drunk < PROPMALE > is drunk ! Our anniversary included fancy dinner where we ate half a rabbit and a mahi-mahi , 3 hours of couples ' roller-skating , and singing karaoke until we were both too drunk to read the teleprompter . Overall , I think this was a great night . 
Just got over a REALLY bad case of food poisoning . Had to postpone a job interview because of it . 
Haven't vomited in a while and the only thing still bugging my is a slight headache . I think the food poisoning is finally out of my system . 
Spent most of the night visiting my one aunt . That was an hour long trial of biting my tongue . Rest of the night was spent painting ( Winter Troll and Earthborn Dire Troll are both 50%+ completed ) . Tomorrow starts an 8 day sub assignment that involves a student teacher . I'm getting set to earn near a grand mostly for catching up on my reading . 
Taking care of a sick girlfriend . I'm starting to think what I had on Monday wasn't food poisoning and may have been a contagious 24-hour stomach flu . 
Had a dream about the ghost of his recently deceased cat , and that everyone could see her too . That was odd waking up from . 
Today was a good day . Students were actually pretty well behave and I taught a killed lesson . Follow this with cheesesteaks and miniature painting . The < PROPFEMALE > on top was the fact that Streetlight Manifesto finally has a release date for their next album . 
I'm starting to get the LARP itch again . 
School was canceled today for no real reason , meaning I'm already out $100 . I'm sure tomorrow will be the same . 
Lots of painting and crafting done with my two snow days . Also had an interview today for a seasonal job at Lowes and was asked for an immediate 2nd interview while I was still there . Tomorrow involves waking up way early and driving to Shippensburg for CT's graduation . No idea what to do after that . 
I have a habit of doing the Hulk Hogan ' I can't hear you ' spinning hand/arm motion in classrooms when I can't hear what a student is trying to say . On Wednesday , a kid actually recognised it for what it was . 
First day that I'm not at < PROPMALE > Lauer Middle School in the last nine school days . Feels a little odd . Also first time I've needed to use AESOP to schedule a job in two and a half weeks ( I was booked for a while ) . Here is hoping something comes up . 
Had a very strange dream this morning . Think Children of the Corn , but replace the kids with adult redneck zealots , we were somewhere in northern Florida , and they had weird zombies subjugated to their will . 
What was suppose to be a night of hanging out turned into running a bunch of errands , sitting infront of my computer for a scheduled job that didn't appear , and not seeing a late night movie with CT . 
Yeah , never substituting for a shop class again . I'm going to lapse into a coma for a few hours , then attempt to achieve alcohol poisoning once I wake . 
I can't lie , I have been rocking out to the leaked Streetlight Manifesto songs on Youtube up until I went to bed last night and immediately upon waking up today . I can't wait for my pre-orded cd to get here ! 
Lazy day in for the most part . Talked with my grandmother to fill in some holes with the family tree after dinner . Tomorrow is a half day of teaching , then rollerblading with CT if the weather holds up . Then meeting up with some Ship people for dinner . 
Has been attacked by seasonal allergies for the last few days . Odd thing is that I haven't had seasonal allergies since I was about 14 . When my nose started running almost non-stop I thought I just had another cold ; until I realized I was also sneezing a lot and didn't feel sick . 
Oh new jeans , how I enjoy you . As much of a pain it is to find 34/29 pants to fit my short ass , when I do locate them , they fit like a glove . 
If inefficiency was a crime , my student < PROPFEMALE > collection agencies would be cast into the 9th layer of hell . Then again I already assume they drag their ass on purpose . 
We said if you don't got Mojo Nixon then your store could use some fixin ' . 
Teacher requests alone have gotten me four days of work this week and two last week . I'm gonna educate the shit out of these kids ! 
I can't pinpoint the reason , but I have been in a foul mood the last couple of days . 
Things I've learned today . Warm weather , an assembly , and a fire drill all in one day will send students into a tard frenzy by the end of the day and summarily make me feel impotent as a teacher for the day . No matter how crappy my day has been , a new issue of No Quarter will always perk me up . 
Ah , my conservative friends are crying like toddlers with a skinned knee and my liberal friends are gloating like assholes who's shit doesn't stink . I prefer my role-reversal in the sack , thank you very much . 
My copy of 99 Songs of the Revolution was finally delivered today , with a free poster , stickers , and a coupon for gear . Listening to it and ripping it to my MP3 player since the quality is better than anything on Youtube or torrents by tenfold . 
Lowes better fucking call me back about that seasonal job soon . I also need to figure out what the hell I'm going to do about summer employment . 
Just finished updating my resume for the teacher job fair on Wednesday . Sent it out to a bunch of people for review . I think it looks pretty swanky if I do say so myself . Now to pick out what to wear . 
Just as predicted , after two days of not having a job , the jobs are already pouring in for tomorrow . Tomorrow , as in the day of the job fair . 
Job fair yesterday was largely a waste of my time . Combine that with a lacking work week , mounting financial issues , and the fact that everyone was driving like 90 year olds on a heroin bender and the end result was a furious < PROPMALE > . This was made better by a dinner with my folks at a Brazilian steak house , where I ate enough bloody rare beef to line a casket with . 
Out with CT and her old coworkers celebrating her new job starting Monday . I will be playing the part of the supportive boyfriend and designated driver as I often do . 
Lazy Sundays are lazy . I still question if putting pants on was a good descion , but Wegman's may look unfavorably upon me buying soup in the nude . 
< PROPMALE > is on spring break for the next week . I accepted a job tomorrow for ... ugh , P-Burg . 
Today's Updates : P-Burg wasn't as bad as my Id remembers it , but still not a wonderful experience . I have 3 months of financial forbearance left on my loans before the shit hits the fan . I need to find better/more employment soon . Hoping my tax return is big , mostly so I can put it entirely towards my credit card debt . 
Showing CT the original 1981 Clash of the Titans that I grew up loving so she has a frame of reference to properly hate the new remake with . 
I love hearing people with a 6th grade education waxing philosophical about economics and the current state of our economy . Surely the guy sitting at the diner counter at 3:00 am wearing a < PROPMALE > Light trucker cap will deliver us from the recession with his very loud hick rant . 
Spent the 5 hours or so after Easter dinner reassembling old models , cleaning a few up , and removing a few poor primer jobs . Now that I'm more confident in my painting skills , I can pre-assemble more pieces before painting than I use to . 
Just saw the old Ren and Stimpy episode \Lair of the Lummox\ " for the first time in years . I think it was a documentary on dire troll social interaction . " 
Applied for a night job at the Best Buy that's opening soon on Freemansburg . Also , I found out the social studies teachers at < PROPMALE > High have been petitioning for a new teacher slot since they have less teachers than the other subjects . While it was turned down due to budget concerns , I'm still taking this as a good thing for the upcoming school year . 
Hoping to have 4+ new letters of recommendation within the next week . Add those to the ones I already have and you have yourself some damned good rapport with the practicing educator community . 
I got a call this morning from < PROPMALE > High's office that they needed an emergency sub . What I found odd is that they usually use the automated internet system . I got the call around the time the student started showing up . They only had a half-day today , so between that and not getting in until 8:00 am , I got paid for 4 hours of work . I check online and it seems I may be getting paid for a full day . SWEET ! 
I'll be in Shippensburg tomorrow evening through Sunday afternoon . Some shall rejoice , some should beware . 
I just put together CT's Leviathan . Sweet zombie Jesus I hate building Cryx spider-jacks , no matter how cool they look . 
Anyone interested in attending a larp May 14th - 16th ? We could really use more adventurers and are in strong need of male NPCs/Cast members . 
Just got back from a weekend in Shippensburg . Overall it was very fun , even if the weather could have been better . It was good partying and seeing everyone , but I'm still glad I graduated and no longer live there . 
Just saw a preview for Paper Man . It's looking like a pretty good flick . 
Some load their mother should have swallowed hit CT on rt . 22 on her way to work , and didn't even stop . She's ok , car is a little banged up and leaking coolant , and things seem like they're being taken care of . More details as I have them . 
Apparently it's something in the air today , as on the way home from driving CT to work after dealing with her crashed car , a menagerie of horrible drivers bombards me . Either there was a memo for morons to get onto the road that I'm unaware of , or the DMV has started handing out driver's licenses to those suffering from fetal alcohol syndrome . 
Day spent driving CT around and assisting in dispatching her old car . Follow this by aqquiring a new modem , buying arrow making supplies for larping , and ordering a new hat for game . More or less , I have been running around since 8:00 am . Tired < PROPMALE > is tired . 
I'm about to hate-fuck RCN . After picking up the new modem , the connection STILL drops off often . 
Getting shit faced drunk on an entire growler and singing NWA's \Fuck tha Police\ " is much more fun when done so as a duet with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . I made up for this hole in my heart by sexually assaulting Smitty with a paper towel holder . " 
My ass needs to move out very very soon ! Does anyone know a place in the area that is hiring evenings ? 
So apparently there is a guy in Australia who stands in public and lets people wax his hairy torso for < PROPFEMALE > . This has become a hit and an international movement as well , raising thousands for various good causes . This goes out to all the people who thought I was crazy 4 years ago when I purposed the exact same thing while at Shippensburg ! See , it would have worked dammit ! 
Forge Guard blisters almost completely painted , making for a full 10 man unit . After this I'll finish up the Gun Mages and then devote myself to Trollbloods painting for a bit . If I can get 75% of them painted by the time the next league comes around , I may just run them for it . 
Had a bizarre dream that he was among a group of detectives investigating a strange carnival that was used as a swingers club after dark . Said swingers that operated the carnival were also part of murderous cult . It was like H.P. Lovecraft was writing cheesy softcore porno in my brain while I slept . 
Stressful day in a small classroom packed with 30 students and almost no ventilation . I get to repeat the magic tomorrow as well . Good news is that Friday will be a stress-free day with really cool kids at the high school . 
I can't decide which version of Mercy Seat I like more , < PROPMALE > Cave's or < PROPFIRST > Cash's cover . I've been listening to each for the past few days and feel like a better person for it . 
Why the hell not , this seems interesting enough to repost . \You are sitting in a bar ... A song comes on \ 
Lets all pretend the first half of this night didn't happen , because I know I will . 
Bored as hell and looking for something to do . 
Busy , busy , busy week ahead . Not only am I full up on multiple day sub jobs , I have to take my mother to dinner , do final preps for larping this weekend , grade tests , do a shit-load of laundry , complete another set of seating charts for 150+ kids , and rewrite my resume . Add this to the 50 other things I can't remember . 
Was planning on taking tomorrow off to do some maintenance , cleaning , catch up on sleep , and final prep for the weekend . However , I got a special request call from a teacher I really like , so it's another full sub-week . I'm not too disappointed though ; the class is a lot of small group work with really sweet special needs kids . 
< PROPFEMALE > Unveiled season opener was a blast , if you couldn't already tell from the metric ass-ton of pictures that have been posted . The rest of this week is either going to be incredibly good or incredibly stress inducing . 
Needs to get the fuck out of this house . 
Every skin-head on the planet spent that entire episode of Deadliest Warrior jerking off while choking themselves with red suspenders . 
Was going to spend some time at Portal today after work for the first time in over two weeks . However , CT and I both had FML sort of days . Going hiking together to blow off some steam . 
My Ghordson Avalancher is completely painted and based . First model I've done with extensive modding and physical battle damage added . Also made great progress on Troll Axer , Swamp Gobber crew , and Horgenhold Artillery Team . Now sitting back and enjoying beer and movies with my girl . 
The girlfriend had a rough day at work . I have a movie and flowers waiting for her , though she's nearly an hour late getting home . 
Trying to consolidate my student loans and frankly I'm not sure which \ 
companies to trust . Does anyone have any suggestions that have been \ 
through this before ? 
School day started rough , but ended pretty well . Just ordered tickets to see the greatest band ever ( better than your favorite by far ) Streetlight Manifesto at the Chameleon Club in July . 
Toyed with my settings a little bit last night and for some reason , it unblocked all of your asinine newsfeed applications ( and the occasional person ) that I have tirelessly blocked over the past few months . 
So an item I bought on Ebay still isnt ' hear 2 months later . The guy had to build , but falls behind on deadlines everytime . Ebay administrators have been contacted . 
Does anyone know of a company that will consolidate private student loans ? 
Just took a preemptive strike against my bald\ 
spots . 
With a few wardrobe modifications , I think I could pull off the evil wizard look . Though < PROPFEMALE>'s observation of \Well-read soccer hooligan\ " seems to be the most accurate thus far . " 
As a Libertarian , I seem to be in a unique position to passively observe the contest between both public figures and personal friends who subscribe to political doctrines leaning either far left or far right . This contest has little to do with actual elections and more to do with how far they can shove their head's up their asses while trying to convince me the other side still looks dumber . 
Does anyone know of commuter buses or trains from the Lehigh Valley to Philadelphia ? 
Just have to take out my folk's brain damaged dogs and then it's off to work . Once I get home , I'm taking a serious nap before heading out for the night . 
Rocking out to the alternative stations on XM radio and cooking up a fancy late dinner . Ingredients include white wine , goat cheese , pasta , chicken , and herbs to name just a few . Anyone interested in joining us ? There will be plenty . Call either of us right now . 
Three days to complete three boffer projects , wrangle all my < PROPFEMALE > stuff , figure out directions and rides , call in a few favors , ensure I'm paid on time , play a game of D&D , send out letters to < PROPFEMALE > companies and my bank , confirm my return of service to 4 school districts , and not melt in the process . 
First day with students today at the ARCH and it's suppose to be over 100 degrees . This should be interesting . 
So I definitely bought new paint brushes like a week ago and now I have absolutely no clue where they are . 
Sooooo yeah , things are freaking boring around here without CT . Trying to busy myself for the moment unless anyone has a better suggestion or wants to go out . 
Fun fact everyone , comparing a politician you don't like to\ 
Hitler automatically voids your stance and invalidates anything you have to say\ 
on the matter for a long time . It doesn't matter if you're a smelly hippy\ 
who complained about the \fascist corporate warmongering\ " during the Bush years or an\ 
Does anyone know of a place in the Lehigh Valley that I could buy a full English breakfast ? I've been jonesing for one since I got back from Ireland last year . 
This goes out to just about everyone . Does anyone know of any place that is hiring either in or around the Lehigh Valley area , Lower Bucks area , or Philly area ? CT is on the job hunt and we want to cast our lines into as many ponds as possible . 
Is it bad that my first reaction when reading many Facebook status updates or comments associated with them , is often something horribly offensive , volatile , or downright mean ? Is it bad that I often run these possible responses by CT in order to check if they're acceptable or cross some sort of line ? 
CT is growing ever so annoyed that I've been talking like < PROPMALE > S . Thompson for the past two days . 
Streetlight Manifesto show was awesome , as they always are . Got some merch and got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Fisher for the first time in a while . The ride down and back was surprisingly nice . 
On more than one occasion while pretty drunk , I have gone around various friends ' houses and proceeded to wash their dishes and sharpen every knife in the house while in a trance-like state . I have been told this could be perceived as \weird \"." 
Highlight after ink washing , highlight after ink washing ! In any case , I almost have a fresh batch of models fully painted and based . Just need to redo some highlights . 
Just ordered parts to do a SWEET Ashlynn d'Elyse conversion mod . Can't wait for the parts to get here in a few days . 
Heading to Fuglee's with < PROPFEMALE > Theobald , < PROPFIRST > Rasimowicz , and < PROPFIRST > C . < PROPFEMALE > thus far . Anyone else up for booze and karaoke ? 
Is considering becoming a Press Ganger for Privateer Press . 
Is one step closer to getting his teaching license in ... New Jersey . On the upside , there MAAAAAAAY be a job there for me this year . Either way , it opens up a lot of doors . 
Is really considering seeing the Mighty Mighty Bosstones this upcoming Sunday . 
Soooooo .... to my understanding , there may be a teaching gig for me at a school two of my friends teach at . Only issue that it's in south central < PROPFEMALE > and it starts in 2 weeks .... 
Been trying to find stuff to do all night and everyone is being lame ( ie : sleeping or busy ) . 
Another school year begins , and with it , my primary form of income and contact making . Here's hoping some teacher gets explosive diarrhea soon so I can land a big pay day . 
First scheduled sub job , Friday the 10th . Oh yeah I'm on this shit ! 
Spent the day repairing and converting leather items for larping and converting some Warmachine/Hordes models . My leather armor is completely re-riveted and polished , and my vial pouch now has elastic and better rivets . 
Caught the tail end of The Patriot earlier . From what I've seen in all of his movies , I'm pretty sure < PROPMALE > Gibson gets off on charging a horse in front of troops and having them cheer at him . Just made dinner with CT and getting ready for some crafting . 
Saw Machete with CT , Kait , and < PROPFEMALE > . Afterwards went to Wegmans and bought the usual fancy cheese and pate CT and I are known to splurge on . Also bought some free range , grass fed rib-eye steaks . I imagine upon the first bite , a choir of angels , all resembling < PROPMALE > Nugent , will herald in a new age of flavor . 
I've literally been running full steam now for nearly 24 hours , working or commuting half of that time , and only on four hours of sleep . Yet I am surprisingly wide awake right now . 
Still trying to figure out what costumes CT and I should wear for Halloween . I suggested we go as a horse and Mr. Hands , but was shot down for some reason . 
I'm amazed at how much painting I get done when there are no distractions around . 
Re-registered to vote since I've had an address change . While doing so , I discovered that my paper work to re-register as a Libertarian never went through back in late 2008 . So instead of being registered as a democrat for 2 months so I could vote in the primaries , I've been a registered democrat for over 2 years . I suddenly feel dirty and inefficient . 
pMadrak , Arcane Tempest Gun Mages , and Dire Troll Blitzer all painted and just need finishing touches on their bases . I painted the first two , CT did the Blitzer . Next on the slate is Ashlynn , Mule warjack , and finally finishing my Kriel warriors . 
While there is a very long list of things that annoy me , I think I have narrowed down one that belongs in the top five . Being repeatedly patronized and talked down to by someone who is inarguably dumber than you . The only thing that makes it worse is when your overwhelming sarcasm goes completely over their head . It's like the idiot it unknowingly rubbing salt into the ignorance induced wounds . 
Has a delightful playlist consisting exclusively of Everclear and Mumford and Sons playing inside my head . 
Yep , the weekend of both < PROPFEMALE>'s season closer and the Celtic Classic festival . So on top of the hacking cough I've already had for two weeks , last night I caught some fun form of food poisoning . In any case , I'm doing my best to not let this hold me back . 
Today is a lazy day . Laying around recovering from the weekend , resting , and letting my antibiotics do their job . 
Somehow , while in mid conversation with CT I came up with a non-existent local sports team called \The Lehigh Valley Lady-Killers\ " . It got real out of hand when I then suggested their mascot be a big foam-headed < PROPMALE > Bundy . " 
This is the kind of weather that's usually preceded by some nut building an ark . 
< PROPMALE > Waits is a nominee for this year's rock and roll hall of fame . Seems every few years they give attention to an artist I actually give a damn about . Bravo . 
Is concerned about looking for jobs in places far away from anyone I know . 
I absolutely love walking into a classroom at 7:15 am and seeing the entirety of the day's lesson plans left for me are contained on two Post-it notes . On top of it , I'm just downright giddy when the work left for her classes ( mostly freshmen ) is only enough to keep them busy 20 minutes of a 45 minute period . 
Today was the kind of day that would make a lesser man consider suicide . I'm clearly too awesome/arrogant for that , so I direct my violence outward . That's the American way , dammit ! 
Never played a brass or woodwind instrument in my life . I'm paying for it now , as I'm trying to play my new sounding horn and so far I sound like shit . Practice , practice , practice . 
Is anyone willing to look over my resume and cover letter I'm sending out to < PROPFIRST > Township SD ? 
Spent the weekend sleeping and painting for the most part . Car is going to get repaired tomorrow . As far as the job application , I'm just playing the waiting game until I hear back . I'm just surprised I was able to update all my stuff and get it out that quickly . 
You know it was a good weekend when you measure the amount of fun had by how much property damage you caused . 
So here is the current debate I am having with myself : Do I look into a job in rural southern < PROPFEMALE > that I have a very good < PROPMALE > of getting , or do I stick it out and try to get something around here with my < PROPFEMALE > and Nj licenses ? 
Dammit , Limewire has been shutdown due to court order . Guess I'm going to have to learn how torrents work now . 
9/11 \Truthers\ " are perhaps the most adorable breed of unrealistic ass clowns since high school anarchists . " 
I'm going to hate-fuck the next person who makes an uneducated reference to Guy Fawkes night or claim that he was some kind of freedom fighter/anarchist symbol . Historian Rage !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Manscaping is my personal equivalent to Zen Rock Gardening . 
Wanna see me do a magic trick ? I'm going to turn myself from drunk off of bourbon into a respectable public educator in a mere 5 hours . 
So my mother just bought something new to place in the bathroom ; a motion activated , singing snowman figure that is holding a plunger . It cracks G-rated toilet jokes and then does a song about the same topic . I think this is the first time I've ever been rendered piss-shy by an inanimate object . 
Keeps having a reoccurring dream about a massive graveyard complex on the grounds of the local Lafeyette college . It involves odd , non-euclidean tomb structures , on-going excavations , and entryways that seems to take one back to the time period of said grave . 
The only sure fire aphrodisiac I have come across is alcohol . 
Is considering going to Dreamation this year . 
The Foodmachine event at Portal raised 856 cans of food for needy families . Fuck yes to < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Me : \I'm gonna wrap my < PROPMALE > in a pita . \ " \ 
will be acting as a traveling judge for < PROPMALE > Area High School's debate team ... AND GETTING PAID FOR IT ! 
Remembers why he doesn't take too many 8th grade jobs , and it has nothing to do with the kids . 
Does anyone know of a place that I could buy a cheap , second-hand brown leather trench coat ? I have a costuming project in mind and need it as a base . 
In the words of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , I feel like a slapped ass . 
Drunk , Drunk , Drunk ... 
Anyone interested in purchasing an Xbox 360 with 2 controllers and 2 games ( Call of Duty Black Ops and Dragon Age ) . A friend of mine is trying to sell them to clear out some space and get some extra cash for his soon to arrive son . $165 for the bundle , over 50% off retail value . 
Got a sweet ass < PROPFIRST > Cash tshirt today on the cheap . Fuck to the yeah ! 
Just made a night grocery store run to get pedialite and good bread for toast for my sick girlfriend . Comence the taking care of < PROPFEMALE > Theobald ! How awesome of a boyfriend am I ? 
Been listening to senator < PROPFIRST > Sanders on C-SPAN for the last hour . If it wasn't for the fact that I need to sleep soon , I'd listen a lot longer . 
So while I was incredibly sick yesterday , CT was feeding my a Philadelphia soft pretzel . I was definitely falling asleep between bites as the pretzel sat on my chest . 
Planning on seeing Black Swan tomorrow night . Anyone else interested ? 
So yeah , Black Swan was the best psychological thriller I've seen in a long time . Makes Shutter Island look like Leave It To Beaver , and I liked Shutter Island . 
Just finished up my Mangler warjack . Soon as I go upstairs to post pictures , I get an email confirming my Press Ganger application was accepted . Yeah bitches ! 
My girlfriend is paranoid that her new XBOX Kinect is going to spy on us in our bedroom while it's not in active use . I'm not sure what's funnier , her notion or my own inflated sense of paranoia believing she may be onto something . 
Sound the hunting horns , ready the horses ! Release the sex ! 
2 hour delay today and I'm working an AM half day . Hmmmm ... I wonder how this is going to work . 
Figures the only day I get work this week ends up being a snow day . Fuck you , you powdery white bastard ! 
Just fuck right off snow ... 
My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the shootings in Arizona . It was a senseless act by a clearly unhinged individual with no regard for life . I will , however , hold my judgment until all the facts are in , rather than turning this tragedy into a political name-calling match to further/discredit some sort of rhetoric or agenda . 
I roll into my first sub job of 2011 to find out the teacher accidentally scheduled everything for a field trip on the wrong day . Not a total loss , I'm going back tomorrow for the same job . 
\Angry break-up sex is what separates us from the animals . Know how long it took man to stand upright just so he could get the walk of shame right ? \ " \ 
A few weeks ago , CT was surprised to find that I refer to my car ( named Green Machine ) as female . I clarified that I personify my car as an over protective , butch lesbian version of She-Hulk . I love that car . 
Old Man Winter you pig fucker ! I wanted to work this week ! 
To all my friends who have already scored the rare and illustrious full-time teaching job : Hook a brotha ' up . Let me know of any openings or anticipated openings for middle/high school Social Studies . Hell , even if you just got a coworker you don't like ; knee cap the sucker and convince your district to hire me instead . 
Both my parents have job interview next week ! Here's hoping all goes well with both . I'm not sure if I should consider this a Christmas present that came a month late or eleven months early . 
So today consisted mostly of hanging out at Portal with CT and Lex . Did some painting and model assembly . CT was incredibly industrious , as she not only took apart and fixed my failed attempt at modding a NERF gun , but also finished painting a bad ass model for me . Definitely have the best girlfriend ever . 
Who wants to get in some warmachine games tonight at The Portal Comics and Gaming around 7pm ? 
Rewriting my educational philosophy for new applications . Time to up my bullshit output . 
Down time is for corpses . 
Just gained access to my old hard drive for the first time since early 2008 . Damn there are a lot of pictures I didn't remember taking until now . 
Wrapping up the final rewrite of my new educational philosophy and looking up tutorials on painting proper glow effects . Dammit , I will master both of these before the week is through ! 
Dreamation was fun , but I think next year I'll try to hit up Temple-con in the winter and Dexcon in the summer . Not too much Warmachine , and didn't get any tabletop gaming in , but the LARPing was pretty sweet . Took 3rd place in two categories for the painting competition . Definite props go to Doomsday and Dystopia Rising . 
I'm thinking of attending a teacher job fair in Baltimore on April 1st . The job fair is four blocks away from the inner harbor . Anyone down for making a day trip of it ? \ 
\ 
Job prospects AND an aquarium trip in the same day ? Yes please ! 
“I’m just saying , ‘Adolf Knitler’ hasn’t been taken yet ” -Me trying to suggest names for CT’s mom’s new Etsy.com store . 
Spending the day at The Portal Comics and Gaming and then possibly Hookah Turka later tonight . Today I plan on not being productive for once . 
Listening to the Mountain Goats new album . I'm definitely digging most of it . 
The good : Just got back from < PROPMALE > Area High School's musical . Very very funny . Glad seeing the students I see every day kicking so much ass and being damned entertaining while doing so . \ 
The bad : My car is stalling for unknown reasons . \ 
The ugly : I plan on getting stupid drunk . 
CT : I want a real Wall-E robot ! \ 
Me : That's one step above asking me to buy you a house negro , and I'm pretty sure that's illegal now a'days . 
Sucker Punch was Inception spiced with fishnet stockings , flavored with a heavy dose of popular scifi and fantasy trends , wrapped in Zach Snyder slow-motion , and packaged as a Lifetime movie . 
Had to come home early from school today due to some kind of stomach illness . Been crashing on the couch and slowly lessening my wishes for death since 10:30 am 
Just ate some toast , first solid food I've tackled in 18 hours . 
Waking up at 4:00 am to leave for Baltimore at 5:00 am for a job fair at 8:30 am . This shit is ... bananas . 
While I was too exhausted to latch crabs onto my groin and run screaming through the job fair as a regional performing < PROPMALE > piece , I did have a moment that made me smile today . In another long line , I succeeded in making several of my “peers” noticeably uncomfortable when I interrupted the usual monotonous chatter with the phrase “Man , I’d totally dropkick a bag full of puppies for a full time gig , how about you ? ” 
The next person to complain about \lavish teacher salaries\ " is going to get a chalk stick through the < PROPFEMALE >." 
