i wud luv 2 dance wit wolvez ;p 

i luv cookies , so ppl call me the cookie monsta 
omg im ssssoooo tyr bout 2 fall asleep :p 
people are always trying 2 find love , but im trying 2 find friendship , who needs love it hurts 2 much , but friendship last 4ever 
people are trying 2 find love , but im trying 2 find friendship , who needs love it hurts 2 much , but friendship last 4ever 
im snowed in , and im sooo bored , ne suggestion that i cud do ? 
ima party 2nite , im lyk so full of energy :) 
< PROPMALE > a long time since i < PROPMALE > facebook , but i am bak 
jus hangin wit my bro n madre ;) 
jus gt home from dance , my feet hurts lyk crap 
jus gt home from dance , my feet hurts lyk crap :P 
i hav a movi d8 2moro , well 2 me its jus gon 2 da movis wit a couple of friends , wit no adult lol cnt w8 :D <3 
i went to dance 2day n gt lyk sunburned on my right side of my bak lyk realy bad , now ima b tan on one side n wite on da < PROPFIRST > lol :) 
cnt w8 till next weeknd , i hav my dance recital , so happy :D , im hoping 2 throw a pool party this summer(just 4 the fun of it ) be up in the pool partying , my freshmen year is lyk almost ova n bout 2weeks il be a sophmore next year ! yay ! :D <3 
went 2 school 2day , of corse , i like played volleyball 2day and i like totally got hit with the ball which is not new lol , anyway have dance 2night ima going 2 dance me lil butt off , then ima come home and eat then probably go 2 bed , thats my plan 4 2night :) <3 
totally partying this summer :) <3 
went to the hospital last night , didnt get home till 8 this morning and i could sleep 4 weeks -.- 
so tire but do not wanna go 2 bed , no more school , well atleast not intill next year ;p 
having a party tomorrow , cant wait ! so excited :D , went swimming 2day , the water was cold , now im water log lol :D 
had a party yesterday , and i got burnt , like really bad , now my shoulders hurt , but not as bad as this morning , people their is this substance call sunscreen ; use it ! :p 
song of the day is Run Around by < PROPFIRST > Halen , check it out , its a really good song :D 
listening 2 music , texting my friends , and living life is what im best at ;p 
a little love can get us through the day ;) 
Life is a pure flame , and we live by an invisible sun within us . 
feeling of the day ; just realize how far away my friends are , feeling lonlier by the secound :'( ( heart ache ) < 3 
going shopping 4 a new bikini 2day :) 
woke up late , hangiing with < PROPFEMALE > 2day , and we might be going 2 a party 2day ;D 
Djust finish watching south park :) now watching family guy :D 
jus hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > , we are making a scrap book and we probably will go 2 bed like at 3 in the morning lol , and sleep all day xD 
should be in bed bt i dnt wanna , < PROPFEMALE > left saturday miss like crazy , hope 2 see her soon 
cant wait till next thursday , we are going 2 < PROPFEMALE > and coming back till monday , yay im so exsited i get 2 see my cousins :D 
i gotta convince my dad 2 go 2 the beach with < PROPFEMALE > and her family , which they are basically like our family 2 :D i hope we can go 
great more storm , just what this town needs 
sleepy sleepy sleepy , who needs sleep . bahahaha ! >:p 
OMG ! WE ARE GOING 2 THE BEACH WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND THEM ! ( my other family ) IM SOOOOOOOOO HAPPY !!!!!!!!!! YAY YAY YAY YAY ! XD 
song of the day is I Like It By : < PROPMALE > Iglesias(feat . Pittbull ) 
just woke up , me dad made breakfast ( i finaly got my bacons ) im still tired as crap , but dont wanna watse the day sleeping :/ 
me am going swimming , its hot out here ill catch yall later ;) 
just finish eating , realize i got sunburned ( ooooowwww ! ) 4 more days and im going 2 < PROPFEMALE > , cant wait :D 
im tired but gotta go 2 church wont be back till 12pm 
jus got home yesterday from me nanna , watched movies all night long , didnt feel like geting on :p 
movie of the day is The Ugly Truth , that movie is hilarious :D 
will be leaving soon 2 go up 2 < PROPFEMALE > for the rest of the week , i won't be back till Monday , yay ! im so exciteded :D PEACE -N- LOVE ! 
im in < PROPFEMALE > with my family and sierra(she is family ) we are going 2 party lol big time ! :D 
wasnt planning on watching fireworks 2day , but they had some going off near the houses , was pretty awesome , got sunburned like crazy , it'll turn into a tan eventually tehe :D 
got home from < PROPFEMALE > a few hours ago , wish could be up in < PROPFEMALE > still :( 
went to cville 2day tried on these awesome glasses , but didnt get them :( , oh well maybe next time :) 
been hanging out with my cousin 2day , we be partying :) 
have an infected eye , it hurts like crap :/ , bt ima tough girl :) 
song of the day : Follow Me Down by 3OH ! 3 :) 
Follow Me Follow Me Fa La La La La Follow Me Follow Me Fa La La La La ! - 3OH ! 3 
crazy people does crazy thing crazy people says crazy thing crazy people goes crazy :P 
movie of the day : The Crazies ( tht movie is insane/ scary , screamed my head off , but its really good ) :) 
totally confuse dont know what 2 do 
going 2 the beach 2moro morning s excited , yeah i just got home last night from centrifuge , oh my gosh i had so much fun there yay ! geting ready 2 eat im so hungry :) 
first week of school is over , this guy keep on hitting on me , hes cute but im not interested , at least not at the moment ;p lol 
went 2 an all night party last night , i met these realy cute guys , hope i get 2 see them again 
momma cooking is goooooooooood lol :) 
another day of school ugh -.- , I DO NOT LIKE SCHOOL !, but i will get over it . . . . . . . . . EVENTUALLY , LOL ! :) 
fell asleep in second block 2day , almost was late 4 third block , oops ... my bad lol :) 
was walkin down my driveway and i got wet , now im cold , need some warmth 
cant stop thinkin bout something , feel crushed , i dont know wat 2 do :( 
oh my gosh for my fashion marketing class i made a awsome logo 4 shirt , shoes , hats , pants etc . its gonna be the next new thing :) 
i got news 4 people , you cant change the way i am , i was born this way and ima live the way i am , so get over your self ! 
la la la la la la la la im ntt listenin stop talking 2 me la la la la la la la la la :p 
was not payin attention in class 2day , 2 busy talkin 2 people lol 
the pain wont go away , its burnin ' right through my chest , its like someone shot a hole in my heart , someone save me ............ :( 
party party party is all i wanna do right now , dance dance dance keeps me going all night long lol thts my thing :) 
give everybody a favor , do not take me 2 spain or mexico i can not speak spanish and ill be getting myself killed trying 2 speak 2 a foreign dude , just putting that out there 
i feel like crap , hopefully i will feel better 4 the party tomorrow , cant wait , i will be singing lol even though i cant sing lol xD 
party hard last night , im so tired , didnt get any sleep last night , thinking bout 2 much stuff last night , bu t it will get better soon , hopefully 
< PROPMALE > you wasnt here 2day , i miss you in spanish , your my spanish < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > didnt help me at all , so i was lost 2day , i hope you ok , hope to see ya tomorrow in spanish 
dont wanna go 2 school tomorrow , wanna stay home and sleep , but that aint gonna happen , well i have dance tomorrow im < PROPFEMALE > excited cant wait lol :) 
was not feeling good 2day , went to school , but came home , i got a benchmark up in math tomorrow , i am not ready for it , oh well whatcha get when you miss a day of school 
went to the doctor 2day , and i hate the doctors , but they help , hopefully ill be able to go to school tomorrow , got alot of stuff to make up 
dont know what 2 say 
goin 2 bed , tired as crap , goin out of town with a couple friends for the weekend , so excited :) 
is like home alone , kinda creepy because its like night time , but im hungry , mi madre gotta bring me home some food lol :) 
is like waiting 2 go 2 a friend house , and we are going 2 party tomorrow , cant wait :) 
oh my gosh , i just heard something fall outside , gonna go and check it out , hope i dont get kidnapped , lol just kidding :) 
had a great weekend , did not want to go back to school , but it wasn't all that bad , happy to see all my friends :) 
gotta study for my spanish benchmark tomorrow , im going to be positive about this , im positive that i am going to fail lol , just kidding , i am going to do muy bien ! ( very good if yall didn't know ) :) 
well i took my BIG spanish test 2day , and i think ima get a big fat F on it , or atleast a D , either way i fail :( , oh well ill bring it up some day 
SCHOOL'S OUT FOR THE WEEKEND ! lol :) 
its my dadddy birthday 2day , im making some brownies , i aint making a cake till sunday , thats when the party starts lol , I LOVE YOU DADDY ! HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! :D 
mom just got home from her Williamsburg , she was gone for a week , i missed her , but shes back now , im so tired couldnt sleep last night something was outside my window i have no clue what it was lol might of been my stalker just kidding :) 
omg , im so so so tired , been like bussy all week , have like no time 2 sleep , ugh i swear ima die , just kidding 
OH MY GOSH , i had 2 do some spanish work , i had 2 write a story all in spanish , it tooked me like 3hours 2 write that story , so i better get a 100% , if i dont im going off on someone , ugh im not ready for this week so tired , going shopping saturday for my homecoming dress YAY ! hahahahahahahaha :) 
dance 2night , to tired 2 go , but i love dancing , so ima get over my tiredness and dance like a rockstar just kidding rockstars doesnt dance they rock out hahaha :) 
if you wanna cry , cry in the rain so nobody knows that you are crying , that what i do hahaha :) 
me body is aching from last night , i think i pulled a muscle in my back , oh well i been through worst pain , oh my gosh , I LOVE YOU < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 hahahaha dont pay no attention 2 me :) 
OMG ! i have no homework 2night , so happy , but i pulled an hamstring in my left leg last night , i got dance 2night , and guess what , im still going , ima go tough and dance , well i probably dont wanna do 2 much or i might damage my leg . :/ ( worry ) 
You can break my heart , but you can not break my soul 
gonna go get my hair done 2night , then going to the mall tomorrow 2 go and find me my homecoming dress , so excited :D 
got me dress , its so awsome , cant wait 2 show it off , had fun at the mall , but man my feet hurts lol , ill live :) 
people these days , dont they just tick you off , i swear ima go off on somebody 
people keep on telling me everything is going 2 be alright , but i know that something is gonna go wrong , so why do they lie ? 
dont it feel awesome that their is people out there that loves and care for you :) 
people need 2 stop giving me attitudes or something bad gonna happen 
rain rain go away , you are making me very tired today 
Homecoming starts tomorrow , so excited cant wait till saturday :) 
so happy 2 be home , had a football game 2day , but didnt go , so busy tomorrow , but so excited that the homecoming dance is tomorrow , hopefully it'll be way more funner then last year 
think im gonna become a model when i get older , people says i have the body , so maybe i will ;) 
OMG ! had an amazing weekend , homecoming was so much fun , i got down up on the floor hahahaha ! school tomorrow , to tired 2 go but have 2 oh well :) 
\ i like it on the kitchen table \"" 
school is school , realize how poorly im doing , yeah ima need some tutoring , just need 2 find a person 2 tutor me , ANYONE GOOD AT GEOMETRY AND SPANISH 3 ? that would be nice :) 
have a 4day weekend so happy , but have no idea how ima spend it , ill find something 2 do hahaha :) , well ima go < PROPFEMALE > with some peeps 2night , so yeah hahaha :) 
so tired , stayed up way 2 late watching movies all night hahaha , disneys movies ! they are the best , i love the classics ones though lol :) 
never mind ima spend the day with < PROPFIRST > , we're gonna have a girl day hahaha :) 
get my report card this friday , im so nervous to see what my grades look like , i hope they're good 
had an awesome day at school 2day :) cant wait till this weekend ima be out of state 4 the weekend so excited lol , get 2 < PROPFEMALE > with my sister all weekend long , so happy :D 
back in va from north < PROPFEMALE > , had an fun weekend wit the friends lol :D , now im jus hangin with my sis < PROPFIRST > , and txtin some people , lol got school tomorrow , but so happy to be out of the < PROPFIRST > , i think we spent most of our time in the < PROPFIRST > lol , oh well i still had a great time :D 
didnt go 2 school 2day , woke up sick , but positive that i will be there tomorrow , hopefully :) 
fine maybe i didnt go 2 school 2day , again , but now im 4 sure ima go tomorrow , lol xD 
\ It's obvious that my heart beats for you ! \ " -Runner Runner " 
finally i got 2 go 2 schol , maybe its not the most exciting thing , but i aint gonna fail this or next semester thank you very much :p 
home from dance class , so fun , gotta start remembering the choreography hahaha ill just jump out doing some random moves hahaha xD 
Put this as your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste this . Will you make this your status for at least ... one hour ? Promote LOVE & acceptance ! NOT ...... hate ! ??? 
getting to old to roll down the hill xD 
i hate when i was little and i hated sleeping , but now i love sleeping , and that's all i wanna do 
you know whats really relaxing , just sitting in a quiet peaceful room doing nothing , but eating oreos :D 
dance tonight was fun , well its always fun :) 
had an awesome day at school 2day , kinda surprising , but it was fun lol , cant wait till this weekend , gonna be going to a halloween party lol :) 
had another awesome day at school , their was alot of awesome costume people wore 2day , still cant wait till tomorrow , i got chinese food and i cant wait 2 eat it lol orange chicken is the best ! :D 
had so much fun last night , might of gotten scared a little bit lol oh well , but i got2 scare some people too :D gosh i love halloween 
another week of school tomorrow , well the weekend went by 2 fast , hope this week will 2 :) hope everybody will have a wonderful week :) 
gonna go dance , because that is what i love to do , and i kinda have to , because i have dance class tonight , oh well i love it :) 
got really bad news in class 2day , and know that madre es no estar contento . ( mom is not going to be happy ) :( 
told mom the news , she wasnt to happy about it , but she believes that i can do better 
well dance was fun tonight , but i think im am going 2 bed :) 
better be learning how to speak spanish , 4 the next fews days we be speaking spanish and no english allowed * YIKES * 
people thinks love come so easy , when it doesnt , YOU gotta find love , love aint gonna find you 
just got up like half an hour ago , lol now i gotta work in my room and get rid of some winter clothes , this is gonna be a long day -.- 
apparently i didnt get any sleep last night , because i fell asleep during church 2day ( oops ) 
already ready 4 summer hahaha 
computer , eat , dance , home , eat , then sleep , thats my plan 
me mama is sick , and its not pretty , hoping she will get better 
2day was going great , but watched a depression movie in english class , so now im depress * sike * im all good lol :) 
my plan 4 the weekend is 2 sleep , i have nothing better 2 do 
football game was fun last night , slept like half the day 2day , oh well , i got nothing better 2 do :) 
you miss one day of school , then you come home the next day with a load of work -.- 
in about 30mins . i gotta go and dance , cant wait , give me something 2 do , even though their will be people there watching , which kinda annoys me , oh well ill have fun even if i fall and bust me butt hahaha :) 
everybody can dance , you may not be like a superstar dancer , but everybody can wiggle their hips , and that's all that counts :) 
\We're dancing like we're dumb dumb duh duh duh dumb 
Kids\ 
with special needs aren't sick or gross , or retards and their handicap\ 
is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and\ 
loved . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave\ 
itas your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education\ 
Week ,.. andthis is in honor of ALL children who were born in a unique\ 
and loving way . 
feels apart from everybody 
was dancing in a parade 2day with my performance group , everybody was wonderful , had fun , but got tired easily , i love the people that i dance with , we all have the passion for dance , but now im hanging with my sis < PROPFEMALE > , havent seen her in awhile , we gonna party ! :) 
had a busy day , thought i would be able 2 relax , but apparently not , oh well , i had fun :) 
< PROPFEMALE > needs 2 stop laughing at me , just because i get a little 2 crazy hahaha xD 
its either i was really tired or the book was just really boring 
so happy 2 be out of school , ready 4 some turkey haha 
hanksgivinng is an awesome holiday , im just sitting around getting fat , hahaha ! 
dont you just love it when you are talking to someone very important , then a freaking person has to interrupt y'all story , well i do it all the time hahahahaha 
had an awesome day in school , can not believe that i will be sweet 16 on thursday < im so excited ! but unlike other people , i am pretty sure that i am not gonna be getting a car , i gotta buy my own car , oh well hahaha 
thank you all , i had a great day 2day , and im thanking of all y'all 4 making my day so awesome :D 
in about 2hrs i will be going out 2 eat 2 celebrate my birthday ! yay ! hahaha xD ima hungry 
had an awesome day in schhol 2day , didnt get 2 see some people :[ , but excited 4 the weekend :] 
danced in the cold last night , but it was worth it had an awesome time :) 
was singin for like an hour , throat hurts as crap , i think ima just stick 2 my dancing haha 
just dance by lady gaga is awesome , but the cover song is pretty awesome 2 
apparently we had a snowday , but i couldnt paly in the snow , because their was no snow at my house ( bummer ) 
ugh school tomorrow , oh well give me somthing to do , but we aint gonna be doin nothin , maybe i should just stay home , but i cant already missed to many days , dang this suck 
drop my cellular device in the freakin dog crap , it still works , but it took 4ever 4 me 2 clean it , and i had make it not smell like dog crap , 2day is not goin good 4 me -.- 
went to freaking school , no fun at all , might have a < PROPMALE > of no school tomorrow , kinda happy , but dont wanna have 2 make up the freaking day , need 2 get out of the house and go somewhere 
i have no idea what i will be doing 2day , i guess ill just be cooped up in this freaking house ( bummer ) -.- 
just partying with my girl < PROPFEMALE > , having us a blast lol , man im so white hahaha xD 
having fun with me 2 best friends , one of them wont get off her cell , but what ever i really dont care , cant wait till i get my learners soon hahaha 
Just hanging with me friend < PROPFEMALE > , she thinks im mad at her when im simply just abusing her , haha j.k , we cool i love her . < PROPFEMALE > i love you ! \\n*dancerbabe * :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! im at my granma's now eating breakfast having me a good time :D bless everyone ! 
Going out 2 get some food 4 tomorrow , cant wait 4 the party :) 
Eating at subway , omg subway is so good , im in love with my 12in intalian sub hahaha xD 
just hanging out with me cuz :) 
Just got home from doing some hand bells , feeling not 2 good , feeling a little hot , hopefully by morning ill feel better 
just finish making dinner i just need 2 eat it haha 
Going shoping , FREDRICKBURG HERE I COME ! 
Still at the mall , im just in < PROPMALE > next stop Hot-Topic :D 
Finally home , shopping was awesome , but now ima crash 
today was probably one of the crappiest day of the first year , want some good news , tired of bad news that keeps on upsetting me < :'( 
Caught up in you by : . 38 Special is my most all time favorite song in the whole world :D me happy now :) 
Rockn ' out in me room , jamin up in here ! :D 
Just got home from dance , me body feels like jello from all that work out hahaha 
school was pretty good , but i feel like a friggin ' zombie , need more sleep , but 2 busy 2 do so -.- grr . 
On me way 2 dance 4 2hrs , of course ill have fun :) 
Just got home , and me abbs feels like its gonna burst out of my skin , need some sleep -.- 
yay got out of school early , hopefully no school tomorrow , me would like 2 sleep all day hahaha :) 
snowball fight time ! bahahaha >:) , no not really ima just stay inside where it is nice and warm , maybe tomorrow bahahahaha >:) 
gonna go get me learners tomorrow , get me nails done , than me hair done , busy tomorrow hahaha :D 
I PASS ! I GOT ME LEARNERS ! LOOK OUT THERES A NEW DRIVER ON THE ROAD ! :D 
drove home saturday , people behind me probably thought i was drunk , and i almost ran the truck in me grandma's house yikes ! : 0 , but other than that i was pretty good :) , i think me mom regrew her gray hairs lol 
I can not stay focus in class , me mind is all over the place -.- 
me was lost in me little world today 
Me just napping up in 3rd haha me so hungry 
cant wait till tomorrow , me momma's taking me up 2 the high school 2 teach me how 2 drive , then maybe ill be able 2 drive home again , so this is a warning 4 those who are gonna be driving up in < PROPFEMALE > xD 
ima become a model i mean people been telling me that i have the body , and i think i can rock it out lol , but i also wanna join the air force , maybe i could model for the air force people lol * sike * xD 
school was rough , never been so tired in my life 
if 2day couldnt of gotten any worst , hoping tomorrow will be a better day 
man cant wait till this weekend , ima party and dance all night long , ima be the one 2 get the party started lol ( maybe ;p ) 
today was pretty much a bummed out day 
really dont see why people et so hype up on valentines day when its really just another ordinary day 
if only people understand 
me hungry , tired , paining , and sweaty , ima eat my burrito then take me a 30min shower lol xD shower 
had a pretty good day , but step by the fact i got bitten by a hawaiian twice 2day ! -.- lol xD 
today was a really good day , even though i did fall asleep in 3rd oh well 
been a big bum 2day , was brave enough to go 2 school with out any make-up on , but now i feel energetic ' maybe i should go make some laps around the house ......... (* sike *)' 
I was walking down the hallway when ............. BAM ! ....... nothing happened 
Been hit n the face by a hawiian with a spoon , it wasnt pretty , it was grosh 
cant wait , ima be partying tomorrow , its gonna be awesome xD 
best day ever :D 
Just sitting here on the bus listening 2 Aprophecy by Asking < PROPFEMALE > ( awesome song awesome band ) still got like 3hrs on the bus with nothing but girls lol 
i feel lost confused , i cant focus , i need answers , i need help . 
I am a treasuer not a target 
LIVING SINGLE , LIVING LARGE . . . . . . . . . . . . in my bed -.- 
LIGHTENING ! EVERYBODY UNDER THE BED ! GO GO GO !! D= 
Stayed up for 28hrs ! But now ima crash , so . . . NO DISTURBANCE ! 
went to the military ball in orange last night , and i had an awesome time , got meet really awesome people , hopefully ill get to run into them again some day :) 
Nothing like listening to 97.5 before going to dance :) 
wolves are my fav animals and no narwhal can replace'em :p 
Im just fliging hornets at middle schoolers from the back of the bus xD 
Hacckkedd ( : I Love You < PROPFIRST > . My Favorite Cousin . ( : HopeFully I get to See You Sunday <3 - < PROPFEMALE > 
AYE ! ima just hanging out with my favorite cousin < PROPFEMALE > <3 
