Yeah ... Friday ! 

is ready for football season to start 
is starting in on the 1st diet coke of the day 
just got back from taking < PROPFIRST > on a nice long walk .. got hot fast ! 
just woke up from a Power nap and ready for Saturday night ! 
is wishing weekends were longer 
looking forward to going out for Tapas tonight ! 
just got back from picking up Bojangles for my man 
lots to do ! 
weather is good , Football season is upon us , yay ! 
is wondering if its possible to be both happy and sad . Ketan leaving for the Netherlands today but only 2 weeks until I get to visit him there . 
a relaxing evening with my dog , a movie and some popcorn 
nothing like a good 9 1/2 hours of sleep ! 
less than two weeks until vacation ... 
and < PROPFIRST > back from breaking in my new hiking shoes . 
back from a nice long morning walk- great weather and great way to start the day 
I have not seen a really good horror movie since El Orfanato . Where are all the good scary movies ? 
so far so good ! 
hanging out in an internet cafe in Salszburg , Austria and hoping to do a ' sound of music ' tour 
Our first full day in Prague ! The most beautiful and friendliest city yet ! 
Last night in Prague , on our way to Berlin . I still miss CNC ! 
Berlin is great .. facinating history tours , cool people , great nightlife .. am really enjoying it 
7 great cities in 2 weeks ... but glad to be back in < PROPFEMALE > ! 
sadly starting to get used to this being alone thing . 
cleaning house and watching Saved by the < PROPFEMALE > reruns :) 
Wake < PROPMALE > ... whats happening ? 
Definately didnt get up in time to workout soooo looks like I'll be heading to the gym at lunch . 
#32 so far so good ... Thanks to everyone ! 
Thanks to everyone for the Bday wishes . Im lucky to have such great friends as you ! 
The best thing about a bad day ... coming home to my happy healthy sweet dog 
Going to see Where the Wild Things Are .. Let the Wild Rumpus Start ! 
great day for watching college football 
looking for 3 in a row ... Go Panthers ! 
Halloween is right around the corner ( yay ! ) 
I think I broke Facebook !! 
uh oh , I thought yesterday was Wednesday . 
too nice to be indoors 
date night with my < PROPFIRST > ... glass of wine , dinner and a movie 
Took < PROPFIRST > on a nice long walk and swimming in the pond ... I have one tired out dog so that I can go out toinght ! 
GREAT game yesterday .. way to go Panthers .. Woo Hoo ! 
First night with the Bowling League ... great time and cant wait for next Tuesday !! 
Reminiscing about our travel in Berlin ... hope to someday go back 
I think I have finally kicked this illness in the butt ( fingers crossed ! ) 
Better get to the lanes and practice so that I can get my bowling score up ... my handicapp is 115 ! 
We remember you , dear < PROPFIRST > . CGHS 
Lets go Wolfpack ! 
A nice peacful day yesterday working in the garden ... love this weather 
Thank you , Thank you Panthers !! I needed a W in my life today . :) 
just dropped my cheese and crackers all over the floor ! Guess < PROPFIRST>'s doggie prayers have been answered . 
ready for some bowling ! 
bowling league .. beer , friends .. great time last night . Tuesdays are officially awesome ! 
I like my horoscope today ... go with the flow and ride the waves easily to the shore ... 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > on our way to < PROPMALE > to see Ashby ... the question is what trouble can we get into ??? 
still crazy after all these years 
Monday ... raining ... gotta work ( sigh ) 
starting to plan next months trip to < PROPFIRST > ... and brushing up on my French . 
that which doesn't kill you makes you stronger 
Yay NCSU , wasnt pretty but we did it ! 
hazelnut coffee after a nice long morning walk with < PROPFIRST > - love Sundays 
High Score last night at bowling- 117 ... Not sure if it was the bad day , the beer or both ! 
TGIF ! Hope everyone has a safe and wonderful weekend :) 
God answers all prayers . But sometimes the answer is No . 
Started watching Season One of < PROPMALE > last night ... so far really good 
Been there , done that ... Going there , gonna do it . Ready for some traveling ! 
Going to the movies today and the Panthers game tonight ... fun Sunday ! 
Christmas really crept up on me this year . But excited nonetheless 
making some mix CDs for a friend ... somehow that never gets old 
keeping my fingers crossed that my flight to Amsterdam is a safe and smooth one 
Gotta love the red-eye flight ... but nice to be back in the Netherlands ! 
Happy New Year !! Hooray for 2010 ... Gonna be one of the best ! 
Its just wayyy too nice out to be sitting indoors . Once I finish watching the Panthers lose its time to get myself outside . 
Loved < PROPFIRST > and cant wait to go back ! 
Re-reading \American Psycho\ " . Great book even the 2nd time around . " 
heading back to the U.S. Gonna be a long day of travel . 
went to bed at 830 last night .. can I still blame jetlag ?? 
Is it a sign of old age that I think this or is it true that music isnt nearly as good as it used to be ??? 
YAY ! Lost starts tonight .. 
Dinner at Chima's tonight ... I think I ate my weight in steak 
Almost the weekend ... and ready to get snowed in again 
Looking forward to a great Superbowl ... 
Great bowling night last night ... getting better and having fun ! 
How can it only be Wednesday when it feels like it should be Friday ??? 
Happy Friday ! Cant wait to see my friends this weekend , cook some enchiladas and totally relax . 
Looking forward to spending the weekend in < PROPMALE > .. food , friends and family 
me and KRP back together ... 
tonights big plan- homemade fajitas , white wine and saying goodbye to LOST 
Sooooo glad I took today off . :) 
getting ready to go head to head with my husband at a game of chess ! 
inching towards a 3 and a half day weekend 
world cup games are intense ! enjoying the drama and excitement . 
Blue Points 5k in just a couple of weeks ... time to start training 
\Ahhhh .. let the 3 day weekend begin \"" 
so far a great day off !! cleaning and cooking . On tonights menu : broiled < PROPFEMALE > lamb , roasted red potatoes and brushetta 
Great weekend ! Food , friends , movies and sun . 
looking forward to a relaxing night after work . no working out today .. ( yay ! ) 
Time to Carb-Up for tomorrows 5k ! 
A successful 5K ! 32:30 followed by a 3 hour nap . 
Happy Friday the 13th ! 
A morning of fetch with < PROPFIRST > out in the backyard . Maybe a swim in the pond later and I'll have one tired out dog . 
Ohhh this heat is a drag ... 
there is a new scam on FB ... a \Dislike\ " button . dont download it " 
season 4 of < PROPMALE > out today ... time to catch up 
Loco Lime tonight ... ready to eat ! 
TOSH . 0 ... great show ! 
my new guilty pleasure ... scream queens on vh1 
friends , family and lots of food ! 
the best part about yoga is the little nap at the end ... im thinking about just skipping right to the nap 
inching towards my 6 day weekend ! 
Today is my Friday !! Me and the hubby on our way to Asheville for a little R&R . 
Back and < PROPFEMALE > and totally refreshed from our 2 days in Asheville . 
I am torn ... between sitting on the couch and relaxing for the rest of my day off or sitting on my back patio relaxing for the rest of my day off . 
Is it really better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all ??? 
In < PROPMALE > for the weekend . Just woke up from a power nap and trying to decide where me and my sis will go out to tonight . 
Why did I have to try to be different and get an LG Dare phone ?? I wish I had an iphone . 
I had a dream last night that I was on my way to Europe for a vacation ... I wonder if my subconcious is trying to tell me something . 
sooo glad this week is moving quickly and I can start my weekend of doing nothing soon 
If I could find a way to be outdoors all day , I would ... 
I may not have gone where I intended to go but I ended up where I needed to be . 
Um .... Go Duke ?? 
people may forget what you said and they may forget what you did but they will never forget how you made them feel 
hello ... cool weather ! a nice run this morning . not sure how far or fast but great to be outside . 
The < PROPFEMALE > Race for the Cure this morning ... 33:20 and as always a GREAT way to spend an October morning . 
a nice morning run that is until it started to downpour 1.5 < PROPMALE > from home . I guess that is one way to wake up ! 
Yes I am dissapointed that NCSU lost yesterday but there is something to be said for coming back from a 21-0 defecit in the 1st quarter to tying things up and going into OT . So even though we didnt get the ' W ' , I say Hooray Wolfpack for sticking it out and not giving up ! 
thank you SO much to everyone for the bday wishes and making this a rad day ! Time for some sushi with my hubby and a relaxing night ahead . 
my new made up word for the day : Asstrategy- an ass backwards strategy 
... and the quote of the day : \it will make you more smarter \"" 
Even thought I didnt sit through all of it , ' The Collector ' was the worst , most pointless movie Ive ever seen . I give it an F . 
Go Pack !! 
Yay wolfpack !! xoxo 
Man I love this weather ... I can take my dog walking without him getting hot and the rest of the time spent with nose in a book or cozying up with my hubby . 
Nothing too < PROPMALE > going on this weekend but who cares ?? Its Friday !!! 
A cold race day morning . At the Dowd half marathon cheering on Ketan . Go Ketan ! 
Ready for the weekend ! Tailgating , NCSU football game ... Raleigh , here we come 
Its amazing what 14 straight hours of sleep can do . Finally starting to feel like this cold is on its way out . 
Season 2 of The Tudors ... I believe I'm officially hooked 
So glad we were productive yesterday because today I'm preparing to be just as equally lazy . 
mmm you cant go wrong when you turn on the Food Network 
Happy Friday ! 
Feeling the need for a run today 
just saw Black Swan with 8 of my friends ... all we can say is Wow 
A great 3 mile run at lunch . Now all I need to do when I get home is lay back and watch the Sing Off ! 
Hooray !! Last day of work until < PROPFIRST > 3rd . On the agenda .. lots of eating , sleeping and time with my family and friends . 
One of the cool things about vacay ?? Having no idea what day of the week it is and then realizing it doesnt matter . 
At Blackfin saving seats for our friends and getting ready for the NCSU bowl game . Yay ! 
Yay Wolfpack ! thanks for playing your hearts out and giving us a win . 
Its chess game night at the Patel's! Feelin ' pretty confident that I can whoop Ketan this time . 
Back from the bookstore with a book called \The Help\ " . Has anyone else read it ?? " 
I could really use a beach trip ... soon 
My brand new nemesis : interval training 
Its a Pink < PROPMALE > listening kind of day . 
Heading to < PROPMALE > this weekend to take my sister out for her birthday . Any suggestions on a good sushi place . Usually we go to Sushi Blues but want to try something different . 
c'est la vie 
Happy Superbowl Sunday ! Time to start making dips , snacks and overall junk food for tonight . :) 
risk leads to more risk , death to more death and life to more life . ( The Book Thief ) 
At MURA in < PROPMALE > with my sis and Ang ... and having a blast ! 
A GREAT weekend ... Too fun , too short , cant wait to do it again ! 
Time to dig into the book \Water For Elephants\ " . I hope it lives up to the reviews . " 
My new dream job ... guest judge on Iron Chef < PROPFEMALE > 
An amazing beautiful day and nothing to do but sit outside with a book and enjoy 
For anyone looking for something fun and different to try in < PROPFEMALE > , I totally recommend The Cowfish Sushi/Burger bar in Southpark . Sounds weird but the food was unbelievably good ! 
Las Vegas bound ! 
So were not high rollers yet but so far I give Vegas an A for funnn . 
Im having a reoccuring dream that Im back in school and havent done my homework ... how weird is that ? 
Happy Friday ! Have a beautiful day . 
