all I want to do is get out of the house and get a few drinks , not happening today , lol 

er it is snowing in park hills I am thankful I live fairly close to work , I hate snow and the cold , I am ready for spring already and winter just got here , lol 
My day just got better , I am off for two days and I get to spend the evening with my kids , my kids always remind me why life is so amazing 
just got up from a nap , and everybody is in a better mood , thankgoodness , arrianna was having a bad day , hopefully it is better now 
I am very excited to see everyone tomorrow . I cant believe it has been ten years already . I am sure everyone has changed so much . I cant wait to hear what everyone has been up to . See ya tomorrow at the class reunion 
Tonight was amazing . It was so great to see everyone again . Wow I cant believe it has been ten years . I had a lot of fun . Cant wait till the next one . 
I am considering being a gestaional surragate mother , Not sure yet all I know is I am very blessed with a boy and a girl and I know there are good couples out there who cant have kids . Sorry I know it is deep . 
It blows my mind that the big meeting for the playground is tuesday . I cant wait to tell all of you what happens . 
It seems like all I think about is playgrounds . lol . 
My husband and I recently took in 11 week old twins , temperary situation , but wow we are tired we have had them for 5 nights and we feel sleep deprived . lol 
Wow the parade went great , We got alot of flyers passed out . I guesse I better start stocking up on popcycles for next year . lol . Someone from the crowd told one of our people that they appreciate what we were doing , and I had several people ask for a flyer . Overall I think it was a good day , and more people know about our group today than yesterday . I hope we do it again next year . 
what a day at work , we had to put someone in restraints for 8 hours and had 2 one on one visuals I hope tomorrow will be better . But I guesse that is why I like working at an insane assylum , its unpredictable and it is not the average everyday job . 
wow a sleepless night , maybe it means it is going to be a good day , at any rate I hope everyone else has one 
wow cant believe I am up so early after working a 16 hour shift yesterday 
Yay P.A.D.D. will be walking in the homecoming parade for park hills today line up is at 1:30 we are #78 line up is by the central elementary school off of west wind 
wow am I tired from the parade , definately planning to be prepared for the next parade season , guesse I better rest up untill then , lol 
life is so amazing , Arrianna for the first time recited her alphabet with out any help . Finally , needless to say there was double fives and sqealing on hwy 55 . lol 
today was a pretty good day , Arrianna is getting ready for her music program , she is so excited . She is so excited to wear her costume , she couldnt pick one , so she is < PROPFEMALE > montanna as a cheer leader , lol 
I am so proud of arrianna she did so great , I am hopeful to get some me time Fri . I have to go to a party at Dr. Forsythes house and I am sure it will be fun 
wow what a day , work was crazy , and both kids are screaming , I need to get dressed up and have a night of fun on the town 
I am tired . I just got in from going for a run in cool night air . Man I am tired but it felt so good . 
woohoo I lost 7 pounds , and cant wait to loose more 
yay the kids are in bed , woo what a day ready to prep for tomorrow , lol 
holy cow what a long night and now I have shopping I have got to do , I am hopeful of a nap , I hope I get one , lol 
my day was ok , glad to be off work , excited for saturday to get here so I can cut loose and have some fun 
woohoo worked out on my wii fit and have lost a total of 10lb . in the last 2.5 weeks woohoo sizzling hot , lol 
ick what a rough day , < PROPFIRST > went to a party , and I stayed home with < PROPFIRST > after working a full day and had to watch a friends baby , I did not even get to spend any valuble time with him before he left , hope tomorrow will be better for me 
excited to see the girls tonight , let the gossip fly , lol 
sucks the girls are canceling , but I guess I should be thankful for a night away from home , and my smirnoff in my right hand , lol 
I am board , I am up in festus untill 6pm , maybe I will take < PROPFIRST > to the park I think it would be a lovely day for that 
woohoo got little man down for a nap , but now I dont know what to do with my self 
Wow I am tired from work all week and I am so ready for my two days off . 
I am going to Herculanium to pick up Arrianna today errrrrrrrrr I hate driving . However I am sure Arrianna had a good time with Mama < PROPFEMALE > , I cant wait to give Arrianna a big hug I miss her 
what a day went to church and worked the nursery then picked arrianna up in herculanium and then went home and made two recipes of cookies and cooked dinner 
My husband and I are so excited . We found a local farm that will do hippotherapy with all of the special kids in our daughters support group for one of thier events , they are even in the middle of building a indoor training arena , so before long the weather wont matter they can go horseriding dispite the weather . Arrianna cant wait to get on a horse 
good morning , I am getting ready to tackle some of the things on my to do list 
I am tired , trying to prepare myself for the next couple of days , we are doing early christmas and birthday party before she spends the holidays with her father , so much to do so little time 
wut a day guess I am in the after xmas slump I just want to crawl in bed , It is so nice to have arrianna home again , Ill see most of you at work tomorrow 
Screw New Years < PROPFEMALE > , I am tired and have to work tomorrow and my hubby is working , nothing new when you work for the state hospital 
ug I feel sick from the calorie overload we will see how tomorrow goes I start the 500 calorie portion of the diet 
It sucks and is hurtful when people in your life dont support you or feel u cant do something , wow i was feeling positive 
Yay I lost 1.5 pounds already , what a way to bring in the new year 
our pipes r frozen we have no hot water , we have to boil water to do dishes , cant do laundry , thank goodness we have hot water in the tub and showers of the house , I hate winter 
all our downstairs pipes are frozen solid , I hate winter 
I am in need of a mentor for Arrianna simular to big sister . Bullying has become a issue and she is now left with no friends . Does not have to be her age . She needs to know that people will like her for her . I cant stand to see her cry over kids being mean to her at school anymore . If you need more info or know someone who would be interested , please contact me . Thanks 
woohoo , work told me I could have the day off , thank god , I came home and surprised < PROPFIRST > with fresh Mcdonalds coffee and sausage mcmuffins for the family 
yay last night the playground got approved , and the city is deffinately backing us up . I cant wait for it gets done , I want to play on it , lol 
tired from the weeks events I am so ready for my two days off . < PROPFIRST > is bonding with our new family addition rascal , will post pictures soon , he is a peekadod 
Thanks guys for wishing me a happy birthday , I cant wait to see what the day has instore for me , cant beleave I am 31 , wow time really flew 
Wow , very cool , the playround that our group is working on was mentioned in the newspaper . It is on the front < PROPFEMALE > of the Daily Journal , and was also in an article in the Farmington Press . 
Woohoo , just got on my wii fit and it said I lost 15.8 pounds in the last 34 days , now thats a great way to start off the day 
been researching for a new trycycle for Arrianna , it seems like almost nothing is made in the U.S.A. anymore . Whats with that anyway ? 
I am tired after the long week at work of people spitting , hair pulling , falling , hitting and screaming and restrainging people , lol , sometimes I forget I dont have the average job . 
I decided even if I have to go by myself and am going skydiving in april again , just got to get a sitter for < PROPFIRST > , cant wait to experience that thrill all over again , freefall cant wait let the countdown begin woohoo 
Hopefully I will have a video on youtube of < PROPFIRST > playing my just dance wii game so funny 
woohoo work let me go home today . 
happy hearts day 
wow we are tired , we are trying to put in our new floor , it sucks but it is cheaper 
brought beer and pizza home for my man to keep him happy while he is working on the floor , unfortunately he is really frustrated 
Thank god , we finished the floor two nights ago , now we have to do clean up , cant wait to have things back in order 
Hey F-2 people I think that since most of us are dieting we should have a healthy pot luck lunch saterday . Let me know . I need to do some munching with out the guilt , lol 
woohoo 250 calories for my dinner , oh yah baby 
I think I am going to do some wii fit , why not get exorcise in without tripping over the kids , lol 
arrianna says she is having a me party \because me is all I need\ " hehe she says the funniest things " 
arg crazy day ahead of me tomorrow , I guess I will get some rest so I can face the chalenges 
oh my gosh got wii biggest looser , ug its kicking my butt , but I guesse thats a good thing 
All of my forensic co-workers , keep < PROPFEMALE > from f-2 in your prayers they are transporting her little boy to childrens , he was gagging and the hotpital felt it was in his best interest to be transferred to get the best care 
I am exausted worked all day , and now my niece and her two brothers are staying the night , lol I dont think I was meant to have a large family , lol 
ug I wish I could get away for a little bit , but would settle for a bbq with friends 
ug so tired , my back hurts and starting to get a soar throat , is it time for vacation yet , lol 
Dont forget to vote on pepsi.com for padd 
yay its almost my friday and I am looking forward to spending time with my sister sun . and mon for easter 
Parents Advocating Developmental Disabilities P.A.D.D. Inc . is selling 50/50 raffle tix the entire month of April , in honor of Autism Awareness month . 
Arrianna had her first field trip since she refused to go last year , lol she said it was boring at the magic house 
My life is insanely busy and chaotic at times , our house is filled with love . Some times more than others . lol . From experiance , trials and tribulations I am stronger with every day . I feel enlightened and blessed with what I do have and try not to worry or want what I dont . 
wow I am tired and hurting < PROPFIRST > and I laid brick in the yard yesterday cant wait to see flowers come out of our flower bed 
My poor baby , arrianna was at home today sick , vomitting on the couch , thank goodness it was jeremys day off so he took care of her today . 
dont forget we are still voting for padd on pepsi refresh 
thank goodness it is almost my friday . What a day , work sucked , maybe tomorrow will be better 
thank goodness today was not as bad as yesterday , with all the rain I hope to lighten my load on outside projects , who wants to work in the mud and rain . 
ouch , I fell down the stairs again thank goodness it was only 6-7 steps this time and landing on my left hip , thank god < PROPFIRST > was there to help me up , thank goodness < PROPFIRST > didnt get hurt , so Im sitting on the couch with ice on my bum . 
holy cow I cant remember being this tired , before taking my night meds . lol , took the kids to a bbq , and I am ready for bed and they still want to play outside aftter running around and we were jumping on the trampolene all afternoon , how did I get so old , lol 
Yay I got the bid at work , it just sucks I had to give up my Sunday off , but will be worth it to be part of the same unit on a daily basis . The pros outway the con . I am very happy about the change 
woohoo the BBQ is to day and we are going to play Wii on the front porch hope to see alot of ya , its gonna be a blast hope to see yall soon 
just checked radar rain should be moving out of the area at any moment and clear skies are moving in and at 9pm only 30% < PROPMALE > of rain , woohoo , its been a long winter and I am ready to enjoy some downtime with my friends and loved ones 
Had fun tonight and forensic beat accute on Wii Are you smarter than a fifth grader , accute would have had a better < PROPMALE > if more accute showed up but that worked to my advantage , thanks , it was fun hope to do it again . 
yay the kids are sleeping and with any luck soon I will too . Hope everyone has peaceful dreams . 
Happy Mothers Day everyone , Feeling lucky I have been blessed twice to be a mother 
Arriannas so cute , she had a tooth come out and just giggled afterwards but I cant keep her tongue or finger out of it , lol 
Happy mothers Day to all , but especially those close < PROPMALE > Grams , Gma < PROPFEMALE > , mama < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , amy , brenda , enjoy your little blessings 
why does child care have to be so expensive 
did some walking last night on wii walk it off , it felt great and I forgot how fun that game was , hopefully this year I can kiss my butt good by , lol 
Busy day ahead , cleaning , tour of a day care and see my chiropracter 
Err , sometimes dont you wish you had an easy button for life 
Yay my big girl got almost all A's on her report card , I am so proud she has worked really hard this year 
err , Arrianna cut her brothers hair yesterday and then cut hers . Hopefully I can find someone who can style it so she wont look like a boy . Of course she didnt know y 
I guesse it is gonna be a < PROPMALE > haircut for arrianna 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Monday everyone , excited to BBQ and to enjoy some family time 
we still need volunteers for the parade sat . if you wish to walk with us let me know 
The kids and I are missing < PROPFIRST > as he is working over at work , Trying to be optimistic about getting off tomorrow for the parade 
wut a day worked , walked in parade and went to country days , one more day to work till vacation I cant wait 
very tired , tired of being tired , however taking kids to the park today , picking up mom from airport and might do something fun tomorrow , and got cleaning done yesterday , so far vacation looks productive 
lol , do you ever wish things were funny and simple like when you were a kid . Tonight we had a fart war at KFC with out of state family that was in town . Was it mature or appropriate , heck no but it was funny , it was great to cut loose . It was so funny the kids couldnt stop laughing and we couldnt as well . 
city museum was amazing hopefully will post pictures tomorrow . The whole family had a blast 
excited for my romantic getaway , < PROPFIRST > and I havent had a weekend alone since our honeymoon , However I am going to miss my wonderful children so much , but they are excited about aunt beccas and class at lowes . 
three days is just enough time to have a good time and to come home before I get Homesick 
holy cow , I did not know < PROPMALE > hawaii bread had a restraunt chain , it was pretty good , today we are meeting Jeremys grandpa at the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > pier and tomorrow is his reunion , should be fun but cant wait to come home to give my babies the biggest hug ever 
err when it rains it pours , what they say is true , jeremys mom took the kids to my sisters with my car and then I got a phone call that jeremys car got overheated and never made it to school , and had to be picked up , and dad was in minor fendor bender , thankgoodness everyone is ok , tomorrow is going to be better , Im thinkin positive 
< PROPFIRST > got home around 11 last night after his car got towed , and still hoping to have arriannas lemonade stand tomorrow to raise money for the playground , hopefully can pull it off might be too many coals in the fire 
Hope everyone can come by the house tomorrow for Arriannas lemonade stand she wanted to give money for the playground and I thought this would also give her a < PROPMALE > to work with money , 50 cents , tell every one 
good news the sun will be out after 8 and the bad news the shade tarp for the lemonade stand just tore , I guesse we didnt need it anyway , continue prepping for the lemonade stand , hope to see everyone today . 
ooh sunburns hurt hopefully one more day and I will be feeling good 
In need of a sitter on wed from 7:30 am to 2:15 pm just while < PROPFIRST > goes to school and also daytime on fridays 6:20 am to 3:15 pm , please can anyone help us . 
what a day < PROPFIRST > was in a 3 car accident thank goodness he is ok , but my car is not 
This totally sucks , I might have been biten by a poisonous spider . It is so painful . Hopeful a medical doctor will come on my unit . I have not been feeling well the last to days , oh yah and < PROPFIRST > has a fever , just taking it easy , and hoping it wont swell anymore or get bigger . 
who new a spider bite could be so painful or big , the hospital hooked me up with meds and hopefully I will be feeling like my self again soon 
Havent hardly slept at all I think the meds for the spider bite is at fault , sorry girls I will prob . be dragging , I hope I still have cappicinno in the cabnet 
sucks , my meds for my spider bite has stopped working and has swelled up again . 
excited found out there is a local program like big sister , hoping this might help arrianna make new friends and build new relationships 
I may have to go to the doctor again monday over this damn spider bite , My loving husband and co-workers are trying to scare me into going , if not any better by monday guesse I will have to . 
so glad it is my friday , hope I can destress 
missing my hubby he is working till 11 , 16 hour shifts suck 
err I am wide awake at 1am so I am cleaning to lessen work for tomorrow I hope < PROPFIRST > lets me sleepin in appreciation . swept and Mopped bathroom , kitchen , vacuumed office , loaded dishwasher , and started laundry and cleaned bathroom sink and folded laundry , y am I not sleepy 
ug it is hot hoping to mow at least half of the lawn so my hubby dont have to . 
sad over a friend passing , we love you < PROPFEMALE > and you are in my prayers , heart and mind . 
little man turns 3 tomorrow , they grown so fast , sad that arrianna is gonna miss his party monday . Hard to believe by the end of 2010 I will be a mom of a 3 and 8yr old 
yesterday I helped a friend with her wedding and it started good . My day ended horribly wrong on the way home , A friend and I were almost in a accident , witnessed it behind us and positive one of the two did not survive , my friend made the call to the beloved and the e.m.t. were stupid . 
dumb people should not be allowed to help critical people like that . once again my insomnia has me up all night or it could be thinking of the accident . Well since I am up guesse I will bake some of joeys cake for tomorrow . 
Congrats < PROPFEMALE > good by Miss Goeller hellow Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I hope everyone is coming to Jojos party at is at cicis at 6pm if you plan on buying dinner show up early , see yall there 
yay it was arriannas first day of school and she had a great day , a start to a wonderful year 
2016 < PROPFIRST > and I are looking forward to renewing our vows in ireland , Hope many of our friends can come , we want to give ample time for all to plan financialy , I know we need to . Our wedding was a traditional < PROPFEMALE > wedding and we thought it would make a full cirle to renew in ireland . If serious about coming , let us know , and we will give you more info . 
to those who are interested arrianna has an email , but you must contact me to get it 
ah my baby girl is growing up she comes home from her father and first thing after hugs asked if she could play on facebook , lol they grown up so fast 
I like it on the front porch 
poor baby , arrianna fell today and on a toy , hope she feels better tomorrow 
Yay Arrianna is cheering to night at the high school football game I am psyched and she is psyched that she gets to cheer with her cousin , hope I can find a camera tonight 
yay off to work it is my friday and I am ready for my days off 
I hate having insomnia , suck to be tired and unable to sleep , I am so jealous of my hubby who is upstairs sleeping 
Yay I am so excited , found out I was Employee of the month , so cool , aids dont normally get it . I am so honored . 
no more energy drinks for me , I felt sick at work I had a 130/100 bloodpressure because of it 
woohoo just got carrots out of our mowed over garden , thankin god for the little things , yah baby having fresh carrots at dinner tonight slathered in butter and salt and pepper , lol whos coming 
How can late night snacking be wrong , after all there is a night light inside to see all the goodies 
super exausted from the day , tomorrow has to be better , on good note arrianna rode her bike all by her self yay I am so proud of her , I love her determination 
lol , yay < PROPFIRST > and my Brother in law put up the christmas lights on the house today . Lol the kids were so excited , dont hate us because we are over achievers 
err Arrianna wrote with crayon on the front porch today 
so much fun , we roasted marshmallows and made smores last night , I love that fun stuff , the kids had a blast 
Post this on your status and see what people love about you : I love your __________ ? 
so tired hoping to catch up on some sleep 
I hoping for a mellow day at work 
I used to play sports . Then I realized you can buy trophies . Now I'm good at everything . 
Sometimes it sucks to work for state you miss out on activities with the kids , totally bites 
WANTED : Friend to take Arrianna to games in des loge to cheerlead on saturdays in the morning time . I am unable to due to working weekends . Please let me know right away if you can , thank you 
Whoever says Paper beats Rock is an idiot . Next time I see someone say that I will throw a rock at them while they hold up a sheet of paper 
woohoo done with the rolls for work tomorrow the cranberry rolls came out pretty good and the cinnamon raisin rolls look good , and to all those who dont work F-2 , sorry I did not make enough , oops 
o figure out how I am going to get all these blessed rolls through 6 locked doors at work 
I feel like going out next weekend and partying it up is anyone game 
Painting the girls nails 
Watchin my hubby use the computer , wow my life is dull , lol 
I love u < PROPFIRST > 
Woah i have a touch light that randomly turns on ! I love livin in a haunted house 
wow , my brother had my car for over a year with out any payments , hubby messaged him and now the car is in the front of the house . I hate drama 
Yay going to the doctor again 
Yay arrianna got 4 A's 
I just read a list of ' the 100 things to do before you die ' . I'm pretty surprised ' yell for help ' wasn't one of them ... 
Woohoo had a fun night , Had friends and thier kids over painted faces , ate cupcakes and played outside , it was a lot of fun 
Yay anonther working day 1down 4more to go 
Hoping to have a wonderful day as yesterday 
yay getting ready to have a fun night with < PROPFIRST > , I just wish Arrianna was here but she is with her father . 
Thankful for the beautiful day just wish I was enjoying it instead of folding laundry 
yay last working day for a while 
I hope everyone has a spoooktacular evening 
Ah my husband was so sweet , gave me a presurgery gift he has had for a while for me . So sweet . Prayers and wish me luck for tomorrow , I have to be at the hospital at 10am . < PROPFIRST > is skipping school to be with me . I am so glad he is going with me . 
hoping all goes well tomorrow , happy I will have my husband there to hold my hand 
er been up since 4 stressing , be leaving for the hospital in a little while , talk to all of you soon . 
Out of surgery it went well 
I want to go home ! I hate hospital ! Lol but i luv dimerall and it loves me lol 
Totally cool saw meteor land a couple < PROPMALE > from us on our way home , amazing 
feeling alittle rough tonight , < PROPFIRST > is helping me out , I feel spoiled 
exausted , I am having break through pain , I cant sleep and its not time to take my meds again yet . Hoping for more comfort after the doc redresses my wounds , and < PROPFIRST > is sleeping , lol , its not fair , I want to sleep 
I think I over did it today , I am a little tender and tired 
I hate it that there are people out there that think saying sorry does not apply to them . 
hoping I wont be in much pain tonight when I take arrianna to cheerleading orientation . 
So funny My little boy said damn it , and then after I scolded him he says its not fair that daddy is the only one who gets to say it , lol , kids are too funny 
Ug shouldnt have taken arrianna for cheer 2night i feel like i am going to vomit in the gym floor , too much too soon 
wow I overdid it today , sister said it was because she wasnt here to yell at me , lol , I guess she knows me , lol 
On our way home from the mall and i didnt buy a thing not even a pretzel but the kids had fun gettin out of the house 
My poor baby , arrianna is sick in bed 
Arrianna is still sick with a fever , pharmicist said all I can do is keep the fever down , however found the coolist thing adhesive cooling stick pads for the forhead . 
making free memories , had candles lit and romantic music on and we slow danced in the living room when he got home from work . We should do that again , that was really nice , I love you < PROPFIRST > 
Err almost 2 am and wide awake insomnia sucks 
Nervous about going back to work , it has been a month hope I have enough energy and hopefully no aches adn pains , see yall on F-2 on wed . 
Hoping to loose weight soon already started working out , want my outer appearance look as good as I feel inside . Hopeing to have a new me by spring 
I am ready to be a better me , I am going to start my New Years Resolutions early . Any of my local friends who are wanting to work out with me let me know I am going to do it nintendo wii style so the workouts are fun , join me . Start the motivation and list your goals and start your goals today no time like now 
worked out today Yay I walked two < PROPMALE > and did just dance , I love wii nintendo you can have fun workingout inside nomatter what the weather is outside 
Ive lost 3 more pounds and I am getting my hair done today I am well on my way to a new and healthier me 
First day back at work , very tired and sore but over all good day , but hope tomorrow is better 
Damn busted up my toe runing through the house with the dog , ouch 
Woohoo going to my fist christmas party , i am stoked it should be a good time 
I have a headache from hell I have taken 1600mg ib and nothing is helping I am starting to think these headaches are attached to my lack of sleep , they are coming more frequently , errr insomnia sucks 
I have always loved < PROPFEMALE > boop she has curves always looks and feels sexxy has great confidence and has a heart of gold 
< PROPFIRST > is trying to prepare mentally to possibly quit smoking , so I am asking all friends and family to write something positive whether health wise , benefits or a comment as he thinks about his decision , I beleave having support will make all the differance , please write onhis < PROPFEMALE > I posted this same thing there 
Err didnt get to sleep untill midnight and i have been up since 3 am and now have to work 
Err just had small house fire , warning dont overload extention cords , thank goodness after cleaning up there was no permanent damage , glad it wasnt at night 
err brother inlaw fell outside on ice was taken by ambulance , they had to call two ambulances and fire debt just to safely get him there because of the ice , please keep him in your prayers , he has no insurance 
last 48 hours was a wirlwind I worked 12 hours , had ambulance and fire debt at my house after my brother in law fell and my hubby was in the 12 hour traffic jam . Praying today will be better and I have faith in God knowing it will be . Thankful for friends and family , I love all of you 
wish I had a decent digital camera so I could take pictures of the kids 
going to talk to the hubby today thinking about starting the controversial HCG Diet . I have a coworker who is already successfully on it . Hope < PROPFIRST > says yes 
yay hopefully my HCG will be here in a few days in the mail 
ok dont laugh , my clients were debating today , Is there a law in missouri prohibiting oral sex , seriously 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone and Happy Birthday Jesus 
feeling optimistic about starting new diet and first two days you gorge on fatty foods before taking HCG any suggestion for my fat extravaganza 2011 I am thinking onion rings yum 
-6 pounds on the scale in the last two days I cant believe it I think I will reweigh later , holy crap , hcg is amazing but I hope the food tastes better today 
so last night I stepped on 3 nails at one time it was some type of wall mount that ended in the floor ( not on purpose ) and < PROPFIRST > had to pull them out because they were in my foot all the way , needless to say my foot still hurts today 
Yay another pound now I am up to minus 7in less than aweek 
I am loving seeing the scale go down in < PROPFIRST > daily , so far loving the new year 
I have enjoyed the time I spent with Arrianna when she was out of school , lol I wish she could stay out of school , she is growing up to a wonderful young lady and amazes me everyday 
I think children are blessings and happy that I was blessed x2 I love you Arrianna and < PROPFIRST > you are both amazing and unique just the way god made you and Mommy and daddy love you 
Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > your baby is so cute lifetime of memories ahead of you enjoy the good and laugh at the bad 
ouch hurt my foot this morningg in the dark on a iron chair , worked all day first < PROPMALE > to look at it and it is swollen and bruised to hell this sucks , sitting with ice on it that my hubby got me 
yay lost 9 pounds total \ 
now 
Watchin monster jam with little man , oh yah 
My hubby didnt know I was wearing makeup today or had my hair fixed and when I asked him if he noticed my weightloss he said no but at least Im honest , what a killer for my self esteem , maybe once I loose the rest of this weight it will be more noticable , sometimes being invisible sucks 
A SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . IT'S SON'S WEEK ..... IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS ....... I LOVE YOU JOJO YOU ARE AMAZING AND MAKE ME SMILE AND LAUGH EVERYDAY 
YAY -12 LB . 
It's daughter's week !! If you have a beautiful daughter that you love more than you can describe ; copy and paste this to your wall . Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while ; but will hold your heart for a lifetime . \ 
Mommy loves you , Arrianna you are pretty , nice , unique , amazing , caring , compassionate person and I love you 
Yay getting ready to take Arrianna to her first cheerleading practice , She is excited , < PROPFIRST > is awsome and my husband payed me a compliment when I got home , life is good Hope everyone else has a day that makes them smile 
Cheerleading practice was so awsome she was so cute , was very happy to get her uniform and pompoms 
Sorry have to have change birthday dinner change of hours will send out new invite soon but it will be on a sat 
Tired after working and the kids were bad today , what the heck and I have to take < PROPFIRST > to the doc tomorrow . God I dont want a miracle but can I have a moment to catch my breath , I pray all will go well tomorrow and the tests will be negative , I love you < PROPFIRST > 
Good Monrning Facebook , On my way to Cape 
Please if you are coming to my Birthday dinner let me know if you are bringing someone special with you so I can give the restraunt a heads up so they can move the tables 
ahh sweet revenge , < PROPFIRST > have fun folding clothes Im going to take sleep meds and go to bed , you can say sorry tomorrow 
getting very excited for my special dinner Sat . 
Yay my Birthday Dinner is tomorrow , I cant wait to have good converation with good people and eat good food 
I am missing my husband wishing he was home 
My actual Birthday is tomorrow , too bad you cant turn the clock back , lol but my hubby and kids are making my cake tomorrow so excited to see it 
Arrianna is so cute . We are at cheer practice and she is trying really hard . 
does anyone have a digital camera I can borrow for saturday it is Arriannas first game she is cheerleading at 
Arrianna is still not sleeping well which means mommy isnt , think I am going to try epson salt therapy again , it worked well last time this happened , Im tired 
My day already sucks , i am wishing my day was over already 
err was at work for three days , today arrianna picked up her cup which she put too close to the space heater , then jojo flooded the toilet and water came through the cieling on top of it I am sick and exausted from the last 3 days , I am hoping to laugh tomorrow about today 
I am in need of suggestions(serious only please ) I need ideas for the yearly open house of the Oasis at work . I need to do a raffle to raise money so I can replace the uncomfy seating with papasan furnature 
for those interested I have 3comp monitors , weight bench , fax machine , pantry cabnet , and computer desk for sale 
I hate insomnia I should be able to sleep in on my day off 
Today was amazing , kids got to see a monster jam truck , meet the driver , get audograph , took pics and meet the driver . They were so stoked 
< PROPFIRST > and I are excited , today arrianna has another game , she is so cute in her uniform , < PROPFIRST > doesnt care , but he does enjoy watching basketball 
Yay proud of myself i worked out tonight 
I asked jojo today What were u thinking , he said i am not thinking , lol 
Hope I can keep the momentum and keep working out 
Frustrated , car issues today , racing to get things done 
Shout out to all my amazing friends who have helped me and < PROPFIRST > recently with the move and other crisis's < PROPFEMALE > AND MONTEY MCFALL , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > AND < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU . Glad that we have such amazing friends . 
excited for st patricks day , it is always a fond memory of my wedding , planning a special dinner for my family for all the wonderful memories that we have made , may the luck of the < PROPFEMALE > shine down on our family this year 
arriannas growing up she is playing at a friends house < PROPFIRST > is addicted to watching < PROPFEMALE > dancing and I doing laundry , lol 
wow almost exactly 5 years ago was my most romantic day , and I tried on my wedding dress today without any skinny undergarments and it fit , yay I am skinnier now than my wedding day , I may have to buy a new dress when I renew my vows in 5 years . I lost 3.6 pounds this week 
McDonalds in Ireland sells cheese melt wedges , how do we get that here , lol 
Lol arrianna and i are sneakin to the gym the boys are still sleepin after a long night of bowling 
Arrianna and Jojo are excited < PROPFIRST > and I are trying to plan a local vacation , but the kids are excited to go , go team cove 
wow the food was awsome tonight , I made a big < PROPFEMALE > spread it was all so good , I love colcannon 
Yay heading to the padd bookfair to benefit the playground , its at usa drug in farmington come on down till 1 
ah poor baby yesterday < PROPFIRST > was sad and didnt want to eat becaused he was sad and missed sister and I just found him curled in a ball crying due to lightning , he was yelling monster light is outside my window mommy , poor baby , and now he is sitting beside me 
I am thinking of doing another round of hcg , lost 15 lb . with the last round and kept the weight off and continue to loose , and feel that I am ready for another round 
err it is annoying that there has to be extra paperwork to the insurance company if the doctor already decided to write a script for a peticular medication , to many hands in medical care just complicate it when it does not need to be 
Arrianna and her friend are watching a movie called Ponyo , she loves that movie , hope to get them to bed peacefully tonight , lol , its so cute it is her first slumber party . 
my morning started early , Arrianna had a slumber party and I made bannanna bread and oatmeal for breakfast , gave all three kids baths and took < PROPFEMALE > home before 8am 
err I hate missouri weather , wish I lived some where nicer 
If anyone wants to buy tickets for the raffle basket to benefit the oasis room come see me on F-2 
what a day I am so worn out , cant wait for sleep tonight 
I feel like I am in a mommy rutt . I love my children and would do anything for them , I feel like I am boring and I dont know how to have a good time , never get out and feel like I couldnt loosen up it I tried , ug someone tell me they have been there too 
Getin my hair cut and colored tonight any suggestions 
I need a night out one of these days , could have gone out with a friend and i have no sitter isnt that the luck 
Happy Birthday Dezi 
At sticks playing pool with my hubby 
At the playground with < PROPFIRST > , weeee 
Went through clothes its amazing how clothes fit you different when you loose 30 lb . 
ok so we decided to come back to the apartment pack a picnic basket and take it to the playground with the super sized slides , awsome even grownups fit on them . It is going to be so much fun , just wish arrianna and < PROPFIRST > were here to enjoy . Weeeeeeee 
By the play ground , house is being built with a crane , < PROPFIRST > wont leave thinks < PROPMALE > the builders here so im camped out with my 3yr old watching a house be built 
I just made a pizza from scratch , it looks yummy and its not even done yet , the crust is stuffed with cheese and has garlic salt , I am in the wrong profession I love to cook 
ah annas friends friends keep coming to the door asking for her , I wish she was here , and so do they 
both the kids are sick < PROPFIRST > might have his hands full tomorrow 
Yay taking the kids to elephant rock for a picnic 
accidently cut the top of my foot , there was a hanger in the floor , and today I have pro-act , yay , cant wait for role play I hate roleplaying in proact and My foot is killing me 
taking the kids for a run together , a family that runs together is a family that stays healthy together 
yesterday the family ran at the track , went swimming and went to the playground , I think I am still tired from yesterday 
Arrianna did great at the track meet 5th & 6th place then we went to dairy queens to celebrate 
feeling overwhelmed and stressed got to figure out a way to destress , my hubby has ciggarettes , but I dont want to smoke . I am always optimistic but stressed , will be glad when the open house to the Oasis is done . 
I hate it when someone else tells me how I am feeling 
Yay time to celebrate everyone , licks is done being remodled and ready to serve frozen yogart , yum 
Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > 
state workers is any of your easter messed up because you work . I am trying to get frieds together from work that have families for an untraditional easter . I am going to call the park mon . I want us to gather at the park after work , bring eggs for the kiddos , meat to grill and one side and we can do a big egg hunt for our kids reply if you are interested , will post < PROPFEMALE > nt mon . < PROPFEMALE > 
Watching 2012 
Very hopeful I had a good day , a loving supporting husband and two fabulous kids and no pets , now lawn to mow and am cloe to work 
woohoo I am -38 pounds now 
oh what weather I wish the sirens would stop going off . I am staying up because I am afraid the kids will wake up screaming , they dont like storms . I hope < PROPFIRST > is getting some rest , he had a long day 
tornado watch , yay , really mother nature we have to do this again 
sweet and sour day , started out bad and got better 
5 Years ago I married my husband , we have had ups and downs but that has made us better , we have grown together . Together we are strong and so is our love . Our family has grown , our love has grown , and I am proud to say I am 32 and never been divorced . Happy anniversary < PROPFIRST > , I love you 
aww my hubby just gave me my anniversary gift a new perfume by reese witherspoon called love to the fullest and some new lipgloss , with a stylish handbag 
trying to get mentally prepared for another round of hcg 
thinking about bbq at the park wed night\ 
is it supposed to rain 
Mothers Day 8th dont forget , whether a boy or a girl it was a blessed day it was the day you were given your day to celebrate life and a new experience of love for your mom on a higher level than she knew existed . I love you mom , thank you and a early happy mothers day , repost to show appreciation to your mom 
just got back from the fitness center 
Let's be clear on this : OBAMA did NOT kill Bin Laden . An American soldier , who Obama just a few weeks ago was debating on whether or not to PAY , did . Obama just happened to be the one in office when our soldiers finally found OBL and took him out . This is NOT an Obama victory , but an AMERICAN victory !! REPOST IF YOU AGREE !!! 
what a long weekend I dont like state holidays 
hope the rain clears out so I can bbq tonight , arrianna's last evening with grandma 
doctor took xrays today hopefully they can finally diagnose the problem so they can fix it and stop treating the symptoms 
At doctor with hubby , he got a noodle up his nailbed doing dishes , he is in alot of pain , how does that even happen , dr is preparing to slice it out 
had a blast playing twister with the kids yesterday , cant remember the last time I played twister 
Took the kids to ride bikes , play frisbee , fly kites and now I am doing some cleaning 
Pray for joplin another tornado heading that way 
meeting 4-h club today to see if it would be a good match for a club to join for arrianna 
strange place to be I feel chalenged but some how stilll in a good place 
The group that protest soldiers funerals is heading to Joplin , MO . When the WBC comes through the Great State of Missouri everyone refuse service ( which is perfectly legal ) to them . Don't let them eat , drink , or sleep anywhere in our state besides their < PROPFIRST > . When they run out of gas their butts can walk back home . Like this , post it on your wall , spread the word , and this group must be stopped 
tired from taking the kids swimming yesterday , on with my busy day at smmhc , see everyone there , have a good day 
missing some of my family , it is hard when you dont feel close to the ones you love 
uh its killing me to wake up so early on vacation , why is the bus so early for summer shcool , however arrianna seems to be enjoying it 
It is set < PROPFIRST > is having gallblader surgery 
taking the kids to walkin the parade and to country days , woohoo let the madness begin 
is there anyone who can watch < PROPFIRST > for a little bit on monday morning < PROPFIRST > is having surgery and I would like to be there for him , surgery is at 8:30 
uggg , Arrianna had a bad fall , scratched her knee and tore off the skin from the front of her big toe , poor baby 
Amazed , my daughter gave a gift card to a 12 yr old good semariton after helping her when she wrecked her bike and carried her up to our apartment to get her help fast , both have hearts of gold 
racism and hatred is taught but so is giving and helping others , open your eyes and your hearts 
so tired you would think that you could sleep in if your taking sleep meds , maybe its because I keep thinking about jeremys surgery tomorrow 
< PROPFIRST > is watching < PROPFEMALE > before they take him for surgery , < PROPFIRST > is full of energy , long day for the coves , hoping for a quick and safe surgery 
< PROPFIRST > is in recovery , surgery went well and i am hoping to see him soon 
up early giving pain meds to my hubby 
people who piss me off are people who have no compassion or consideration for life altering events and make jokes on facebook about it , get a heart those people have enough on thier plate without some one making bad jokes 
Baby girl growing up , she went to the movies with friends 
i feel so sick dont know if it is allergies or a cold but I wish it would go away I dont have no motivation 
I am tired of being sick hope it goes away soon 
I hate physical therapy , i will be glad when i dont have to go anymore 
Arrianna is having a sleep over tonight its so cute 
In Er getting a shot for migrains 
Going to Hillsboro , missouri , hoping to stop by and see arrianna today with the new pup , migrain is downgraded to bad headache I am going to keep taking my meds I am afraid the pain will get out of control . Hopeful I am in the process of recovering from my migrain 
Mad , < PROPFIRST > got bit in the face from client and is in the er , 
Thankful < PROPFIRST > did not get his tummy hurt at work today , pray for tomorrow to be better and for his face to quickly heal 
Confirmation-woke up with bad headache , driving to work and hit bird with car-its goimg to be a bad day 
Its official < PROPFIRST > is out of work for a week . Due to injury at work . 
Happy Birthday to my sister Becca 
Fitness Challenge : If you own a wii or a xbox kinnect(most do ) I chalenge you to use it to lose weight . I am starting this week . 
err , < PROPFIRST > went to the doctor today and found out his rib is fractured as if getting bit wasnt enough and starts light duty tomorrow 
trying out new network , it is called socialsplash.com and it has music and you earn points for everything you do to get free stuff 
Can anyone babysit < PROPFIRST > sat 
< PROPFIRST > told me today , i would have been an awesome cowboy 
doing a poll , type yes or no under comments . \ 
Should I have another baby ? \ 
we are throwing the idea around we figure we are not getting any younger 
Err I have a doctors appointment Sept . 21st , sometimes doctors can be frustating when it takes so long to get in . 
my poor puppy duke has parvo and I have to give him fluids by iv under his skin , I am hoping he pulls through the week 
It is hard to see old friendships fizzle away that one was so strong , sigh I love you guys , some times life takes us in differant dirctions . and thats all right but I still miss ya and think of yall often , you know who you are 
Yay taking < PROPFIRST > fishing for the first time , he is so cute with his little pole and fishing box 
I am a proud mommy , < PROPFIRST > caught 2 fish 
dont feel good I feell like I am running a fever and have a headache hope it lets up , I just want to go to bed 
I realized I live a boring unpredictable life , my life is good but boring its just not exciting , would love to get once in a while 
completely exausted , I just want to go to sleep 
I hope they fix the air at my apartment today it was 91degreesand luckily stayed with a friend last night 
exausted didnt hardly sleep , ugg 
There comes a time in your life when FUN no longer means bar hopping , clubbing and being out til 4am . It means movies , family dinners , kids athletic events & bedtime stories . Becoming a parent doesn't change you , it makes you realize that the little people you created deserve the best of your free time ! Re-post this if you are PROUD to be a parent and LOVE your \what some would say is boring\ " life .. " 
I wish farmington had a dog park , it would be cool if it had agility course 
poll : who would be interested in having a dog park in farmington 
exausted , took the kids to the park and bbq'ed , cant wait for 8 oclock to get here 
wish I could move to new zealand < PROPFEMALE > wage is 15 dollars 
what a day , I am sick , its date night and < PROPFIRST > got excepted into preschool 
I feel like crying , I am sick and just want to go to bed after working all day , got home and the school misplaced arrianna , got her home at 4:10 then went to let dog out only to find he vomited and peed on the carpet , wanna cry , dont feel like scrubbing carpet 
this stinks , insomnia kicks in again while I am sick and it is 3 in the morning , I need more sleep 
ahh < PROPFIRST > gets to meet his teacher today , he is so excited 
anyone know the monthly fee for parkland gymnastics 
so weird I have had tingling on the right side of my face for two days , feels like static or cob webs , not sure whats going on 
cool site freerice.com donates rice to end world hunger when you answer trivia questions 
wish I was celebratng with family today . 
Wow jaws of life on hwy 67 
I wish it was as easy to get people out of your life as it is to unfriend on facebook 
stress and I dont get along , its going to be along week , I wish I couild say what I want with out guilt and regrets . I can deal with and ignore comments from clients so why cant I do it with people in the real world . 
just played just dance2 with jojo , I should dance more often , dancing really makes you sweat 
yay its my monday hopefully it will be a good one 
what bad day , tomorrow has got to be better 
I am hoping to have a good night 
I am missing my husband , wishing he didnt work eveings , I only get to see him for two half days and one full day , I miss you sweetheart 
wost watched an amazng movie . If you have ever lost someone you know to war or someone you know has served you should watch the movie Lifted . 
W A R N I N G TO ALL PARENTS ! - Do not join the group currently on Facebook with the title \Becoming a Father or Mother was the greatest gift of my life\ " It is a group of PEDOPHILES trying to access your photos . This was on Fox News at 5 . Please copy and post ! Let's keep our children safe " 
I hate people who lie , just saying 
