is back in vegas , ready to win the main event ! ... not really b/c i'm never going to win a tournament . hopefully I can take down a few $$$ anyways =) 

is up and down in the WSOP cash games ... and he just finished reading Brave New World by Huxley & Death by Black Hole by < PROPMALE > Degrasse < PROPMALE > . Both books were good . 
is a little sick of poker ... been playing Fallout 3 a lot last few days instead of poker all day ... =) 
is playing the main event today , day 1B 
Out of the Main Event ... my 11k didn't make it far into Day 2 . I've been playing cash games non-stop for the last two days though . Probably going to play again today ... Now that I'm out , planning to come to Vid's wedding 
back from vid's wedding .. it was a blast ! Congratulations to them both . I am ready for some more high stakes gambling in Las Vegas . One time ! 
has left the country . Enough poker at the WSOP , time to travel around a bit ! 
has started doing Hot Yoga , and really enjoys it . I think I'll make it a habit ! 
did full-fledged bikram for the first time ( a 90-minute class as opposed to the 60 minute classes i had already done ) ... and it was hard ! Damn , I feel great now though =) 
is chillin in Boracay at the Shangri-La . This place is beautiful ! I just got out of farm country in the Philippines , and got massacred by mosquitoes . Need a few days of sun and relaxation to recover . =) 
is leaving Manila in a few hours for Nice , < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is playing the FTOPS main event in his hotel in Nice ... trying to stay patient tho i'm tired from a day of travelling and just want to sleep . Tomorrow I go for a week on a yacht ... more R&R + fun people + a whole lotta gambling ... sounds like a slice of heaven . 
wow ... so many cool stories ... boats r fun I'm now in Cannes for the tournament coming up in a couple days . ... getting a little homesick , been gone almost 2 months 
is posting this from 30,000 feet above the surface of the earth , somewhere over nebraska in an airplane . Wow , what an amazing world we live in ! 
feels like doing things is hard . 
is thinking maybe he needs to go visit peeps at some point in Cali now that he's single and has no excuse not to . Holla San < PROPFIRST > & San < PROPMALE > =) ... Just gonna add that to my ToDo List here ... get around to that at some point ... ( wow im hopeless ) 
wow , I got d-r-u-n-k last night ... hangover in full effect . < PROPFIRST > gets in today , and I think we are all going to the lake . I might actually get a little sun ... don't worry I'll have sunscreen =) 
15k at bellagio today ... off to the races 
has a big bet on the WSOP final table ... I bet on Darvin < PROPFEMALE > to win vs < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to win against < PROPFIRST > Negreanu . Any other winners is a tie . I figure Darvin is about 3:1 & < PROPMALE > is about 7.5 : 1 I loooove my bet right now ( no odds ! ) I wanted to book more action last night vs < PROPFIRST > when I saw him at the Bellagio , but he doesn't like his side anymore . Ship the EV kidd !!!!! 
Thanks to the beauty of anythingyouwantdelivery.com ... I have CallOfDuty4MW2 on the way right to my place right now , for just a small delivery charge ( along with some Chipotle ) ... I've been hearing amazing things about it ( best fps since Counterstrike ) ... and I might have to do a little gaming 
wow - i just played COD4MW2 all night with 3 buddies ... I felt like I was back in college 
home to poway today for thanksgiving ... holla poway ! 
thanks to my mom for an amazing feast ... I just crashed out afterwards and caught up on 15 hours of sleep . Now I'm up early in Poway and ready to go ! Who's out there ??? 
just went paintballing in SD ... always a great time ! The bruises go away after a few days , but the memories of capping your friends last a lifetime . 
is on a mission in the gym . My body is changing daily , and I feel and think better then I have in a while . Exercise : the only healthy drug ! 
what a night last night ... my liver took one for the team 
current favorite song : Chainside - I Would Die For You ( Club Mix ) 
is a relatively short stack going in to day 3 of the Bellagio 15k tourney ... about to leave to go play now . 
back in San < PROPMALE > for xmas 
does not know anything about the destruction of any RVs outside of Las Vegas in the desert . 
is currently reading Fooled by Randomness ... Today I put my book down in the midst of a reverie at my airplane window and felt as if my brain were a bad sieve , realizing that I was bound to forget most of the wonderful things I was reading ... If only I could remember everything useful that I've learned and forgotten . 
Drinking with Ju , my sister , and everyoneeeee on my sis's last night in Rio 
taking care of last minute business ... because tomorrow I'm going to Brazil =) 
missed my connecting flight from atlanta to rio last night , i now have to spend 24 hours in atlanta to catch the same flight later today . it's under freezing here , and i have no long-sleeve tops and a single pair of jeans . Hello hotel room ! Time for movies ! I think I might be coming down with a cold too ... wow , I hope it's a quick one that just goes away . 
is finally in Brazil after 2 whole days of travelling 
finished Fooled by Randomness ... it's an excellent book that I would recommend to anyone . I'm now 80 pages into Chaos by < PROPFIRST > Gleick and am enjoying it . Go reading ! 
thinks Backgammon is fun !! 
is stoked bc a big grocery store , a nice gym , and a pinkberry ( best after workout carbs ever .. ) are all within 1 block of my penthouse in Ipanema . Not to mention the beach is a few blocks away . I am about to go to all those places and then the beach ... I'm in heaven 
is up a little too early in the morning ( 9:30 AM ) ... and doesn't know what to do with himself . I think I'm going to get some quality reading time with Chaos ( Gleick ) ... btw there is a scale for the quality of your reading ( how focused/distracted/tired , etc ... ) , and right now i think my reading will be pretty solid 
just rolled out of bed , not sure what the plan for the day is yet . but who really cares ? i'm just happy to be going along for the ride 
back in Vegas ... time to make Victory Poker a reality 
wow ... mass effect 2 just arrived . /life 
I think I just spent about 45 hours in the last week playing a video game . Mass Effect 2 was awesome , but I am glad to have my life back . Still hitting the gym hard . 
I am getting too old to be an insomniac ... when I was 22 , that shit was no problem ... 
End of day 2 , 27 players left . I have 322,000 chips , slightly above average . =) 
day 3 beginning in about 20 minutes . You can follow on the WPT website . 
wow ... I truly never win . * sigh * 
Out of SF , in SD for a few days for a poker game ... then back to Vegas . Finally got some $$ on Victory Poker . Going to start playing on there ! 
Just had a sick chest workout + Pinkberry ( they have just figured out froyo , undeniably ) 
After being all over California the last two weeks , I am finally back in Vegas . Can't wait to sleep in my own bed tonight ! 
cut for dinner then out to XS with < PROPMALE > Park , < PROPFIRST > , and others ... tonight is going to be a sick night . 
Up in Tahoe for a Victory Poker thing . Going to go skiing tomorrow for the first time in 6-7 years . Wow , I am excited ... now I just need to go to sleep so I'm not dead on the mountain . 
i am pretty exhausted from skiing ... my ankle is bruised , and I think I sprained my thumb pretty good taking a fall . Bleh ... but on the bright side , I didn't severely injure myself . So I won't complain ( anymore ) . 
In the Las Vegas airport ... my flight to Miami is delayed , and I might miss my connecting flight tonight to Rio . =\\ At least they have free wireless at the airport ! 
Welcome to Miami , bienvenido a miami ... Wish I could get that Will Smith song out of my head right now ... seriously ! 
=) 
Back in Las Vegas ... sooo jetlagged at the moment . Time for a nap . 
Fuck Goldman Sachs ! 
Back in Vegas ! ... On Monday I start the most insane diet I have ever been on , and I start 3 months of a no drinking bet ( 6 passes total ) . It's time to get my life squared away folks ! 
Game 5 is gonna be a good one I think ... Gonna have all the time in the world to watch it stranded in Miami alone for a night 
Looking around at the airport , Americans eating habits disgust me ... Saw a man put a whole mini carton of butter on his wheat toast . WTF is the purpose getting wheat toast ?? Donuts everywhere ... It's like these people are trying to kill themselves ! 
Just finished Blink ... Great book ! And I felt helpful context to understand the interplay between my conscious and sub-conscious thought processes at the poker table . 
For the first time this summer I feel like I'm really playing my A+ game ... I have had some sick hands today in the 5k shorthanded . \ 
\ 
The rust is finally wearing off . 
Played very good today .. Had a sick bluff that worked . Made a big fold that was correct .. Finally went out with kings to aq ... \ 
So it goes ... 
Just won my 3rd match in WSOP 10k HU Championship , and in the money . Match 4 against my good friend < PROPFIRST > ! If I lose , at least my friend will get to advance ... and if I win , that'll be pretty cool . GL2Me 
out * sigh * 
I'm playing inspired PLO/8 in the 5k ... 128k chips , 53k avg ... 60 players left ... Money at 28 
121k , 63 players left 
Just doubled up < PROPMALE > black , down to 66k 
Out , I think 42nd but I'm not sure . Played really well this tournament , other than the hand where I doubled up < PROPMALE > Black .. I should of folded the flop there instead of CRAI , which cost me about 48k in chips . I think my equity vs . his range was pretty poor , and rly my only bad decision . Otherwise , I was a beast . 
What a strange PLO table I'm at .. Most pots are 6-way limped .. \ 
Gotta wait for hands ... 
Played reallllly good today on day 2 of 10k PLO ... My friend who was at my table just told me I was owning the table . =) anyways , had a good stack ... played a pot , all-in on the turn as a 2:1 favorite for almost 300k in chips , and lost . If I won the pot , would of been chip leader with about 100 people left . I am actually slightly depressed about poker right now . These tournaments really wear on you . 
I watched Braveheart recently , and 1 of the themes of course is freedom . And I remember thinking that I will try to enjoy July 4th more , because of how special freedom is . Well , today is July 4th , and a good day to remember our freedoms and liberties . < PROPFEMALE > & the world aren't perfect , but it is great being able to do a lot of the things you want , and travel where you want . So give it up for freedom . 
Good start ( 30k ) ... Already up to 43k ! 
First break : 42,300 
Just got tw o-o uted on a ten turn with my kings ... 12,650 
Poker is a struggle , but one bad beat won't take me down ! ( 2 at this point might do it though ... ) ;-) 
Stuck with it , got it in good and doubled .. 30,325 
Second break , 40,525 ... Doubled with flush vs two pair , allin on turn and faded it .. \ 
Just made a nice bluff raise on flop\ 
I really can do it , wow 
Just lost a 20k pot , allin on turn as favorite vs the table donk ... Qq vs his qthh , he calls a rr preflop for 1/4 of his stack and makes a straight on the river . \ 
37k ... 
Dinner break : 14,500 \ 
Next level : 150/300 with 25 ante , starting in 2 minutes 
Good level so far ! 39,450 
Wow .. Right now I just need to make it thru the night . For some reason I'm really tired and feeling tilted . 14k and struggling ... 
Day is over ! 18,200 chips\ 
This last half level was some of the worst poker I've played all summer . 
Day 2 has begun ... Started with 18,200 .. \ 
At 18,300 after 1.5 orbits . 3bet sb in bb with air , open hijack gave up , opened button won blinds\ 
Best hand so far 33 on the hijack open .. \ 
I am in the matrix today , the chips are mine ! 
First break 27,500 
Sick sick level ... Made so many hands early and never got any money out of them ... People folding to cbets , etc ... Up to 45ish\ 
Then never hit sets when someone else bet , missed a big draw multiway , had a tough hand , down to 16k now\ 
* sigh * 
Oh I totally forgot , lost 13k on a blond vs blond hand where sb flopped a flush to my 2pair and I doubled him up . =( \ 
300/600-75ante starting , I'm gonna focus and do what I can 
Raised jj , 3way pot ... K96r flop , I bet , fold , bb call .. Turn Qc .. C/c .. River 3c bringing flush . He bets 8k into 10k . I have 12k and tank-call . I'm good , whew ! Up to 30k ! 
30 minute break , 54,200 ... Dominated that level 
20 minutes into next level , lost a pot I bluffed at -10k .. Lost an allin with a shirt stack Kqo vs a6hh , - 12.6 k , and like that I'm at 30k ! It's never easy is it ? 
Dinner break ... 26,500 \ 
Way too many breaks ! 
25 , 500 , an hour left in the day ... \ 
I feel great , but chips are short enough that I'm somewhat handcuffed 
Wow , what a sick ending to my day ! I doubled up with aces , and the on the last hand a guy min-raised me and I called with 44 . K94 flop and I busted his aces . \ 
95,700 going into day 3 ... The first time I've made day 3 of the main . 
148,200 going in to first break . \ 
Beautiful first level ... Got some good starting hands , won a bunch of smallish pots . So far table is great for me ! Almost noone contested pots with me , seems like I can build the stack today . 
Second break , 168,200 ... \ 
Slow level for me , no big pots again 
800/1600-200ante .. I open to 4k with ahkh . Bb is < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , covers me and calls . Flop jt6r . C , I bet 6500 , he calls . Turn : 4s ( 2 spades now . He leads for 13.5 k , I call . River : 3c , he bets 27.5 k , I tank ( 3 < PROPFEMALE >+) call . He has asqs , ship-ship boys !!! 195k 
Limp iso-shipped ako against a short stack , and squeezed 77 out of the pot . Short had kj , flop a73 ! I win the pot , and avoid a disaster ! 230k ... Almost dinner break 
Dinner break starting , 229,500 chips . \ 
1485 players remaining , 148k average stack 
Jus lost a huge pot to the idiot to my right who bluff reraises me on the flop . Something felt fishy so I held on ... He turned a set . Super sick pot ... Down to 110k 
Was chipping up decent this level after that hand ... Up to 165ish .. Just lost a blind vs blind hand to the 77 kid to my eight where I have an ace on an ajj flop he has a < PROPFIRST > ... 130kish 
Day 3 over : 114,700 chips , 1251 players left , 176k avg stack ... \ 
Lost some small pots at the end of the level , but I thought I played fine . \ 
The donkey to my right will be at my table tomorrow , but this time directly to my left . God please let me double through him then stack him ! 
just saw my table draw ... I have the guy who is second in chips , with 741k , directly to my right ... that is awesome . unfortunately , we are table 8 in pavillion , out of only 15 tables in that room - so we will be breaking during the first level of the day I think . 
To the Poker Gods : I'm gonna try to play my best , but I need a little run-good one time fellas . \ 
To my Family & Friends : Thanks for all the support , this is for you guys . 
Utg ( can < PROPFIRST > hua ) opens , I call with 99 .. Flop 669 , he bets 8500 , I make it 21k , he makes it 46k , I call . Turn 6 , he shoves , I call ... He has 33 .. I double ! \ 
235k 
Table broke , going to new table with 240k 
What an opening level ! 345,600 ... I am dialed in right now , almost feels like i took an adderoll but I didn't . \ 
I am a conduit for decision making , that's all . Time to check the ego at the door and play some cards .. \ 
20 minute break 
Was having the sickest level .. Chipped up to approx 430k with no hands ... Finally get queens , easily my best hand of the level , and Just got it in for 260k pot QQ vs TT , he of course flops the ten ... \ 
305k going into break ... \ 
It's just never easy , is it ? 
Just got in 97dd vs jthh on td8c5d board .. 220k pot .. \ 
Comes qh as , I brick open ended straight and flush draw . \ 
Down to 182k 
90 minute Dinner break , we are on the money bubble ... Going to be hand-for-hand when we get back . \ 
225,500 chips 
On the one hand , it's frustrating that I've lost 2 sizable all-ins today as a favorite . On the other hand , it's refreshing to know that I faded both , and still have twice as many chips as I started the day with . I am playing really well today - even if things don't work out for me this tournament , I will not be disappointed with how I played . 
First hand back , defend my bb with 22 ... Flop j62dd , bet 3 times into aces and win a big pot ... \ 
357k 
693 left ... I'm up to 513k ! \ 
One more hour left on the day ... \ 
Blinds going to be 3k/6k-1k ante 
Allin preflop for the first time behind ... AKo to AA for 240k each . \ 
I didn't win .. \ 
255k chips 
Days over ! 576 players left ( approx ) , 381k avg stack\ 
I have 231,000 chips going into day 5 
Day 5 about to begin ... 574 players left , avg stack 382.5 k , I'm at 231k\ 
But my table is relatively short , with only two guys above 300 ( 410 & 610 ) ... I'm about tied with 2 other guys for 3rd at my table . \ 
About to begin ... Gl to me ! 
Out ! Got it in with a7hh vs aqo on a q94hh board . I had about 200k at the time . Bricked off ... \ 
I was behind , but not going anywhere with the nut flush draw ofc . \ 
Disappointing , but not a bad run\ 
Hopefully next time I can win an all in . 
Haven't wanted to play poker the last few days ... But I really should tonight because there are still a few more days of good games before everyone leaves I think . 
< PROPFEMALE > ... oi amor ! 
Poker was going pretty well recently - until the last two days . Yesterday I lost in a game at the Palomar , and I just got absolutely murdered on FTP . =( 
It's been a while , and there has been request for more jams ! \ 
Here is a recent song I found , < PROPFEMALE > VS Deadmau5 - Falling In Love with Brazil ( Kaskade Mashup)\ 
When they start mixing both parts 3 minutes in , wow ... gives me chills when I hear \Oohhhh ... this is what it feels to be alive ! \ " \ 
Got em'!! Where ? Full TIlt Poker son ! My account been running more or less even on all-in equity over the past week or so . Know what that means ? Yeah , I'm winning ! =) 
Tenho saudades de minha enomorada ! ( I miss my girlfriend ! )\ 
Now here's a song I just found today on Pandora during my session :\ 
< PROPMALE > Dougan- Clubbed To Death\ 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9CEtXDWVXE 
Stay Alert son ! 
OMG camping ! What a crazy time ... out in the wilderness with no computer ! < PROPMALE > Laak getting injured ATVing ! Oi ! I am glad to be sleeping in my bed again . Wow , what luxurious comforts ! \ 
Saudades amor ! 
Been at bellagio since midnight ... Pretty much been stuck all night in this game . But this lady has run it up and won't quit . And I'm not gonna quit her ! \ 
Worked my way up from my low point two hours ago ... Back to stuck half of what I'm in . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s student visa appt . for English Time School in Las Vegas is in 2 days . We are trying to get all the documents together right now , and prepare for the interview . \ 
Wow , I really hope that this works .. if so , she'll be starting school here on the 13th of September . If not , back to the drawing board for a 3rd attempt . \ 
I leave for Rio on the 14th , I'll be there for 10 nights , coming back at the end of the month . 
The US Embassy is a horrible place . There's really nothing more civil I have to say about that . 
back in Vegas ... horrible plane ride back , and I'm not feeling so good . 
I'm back in Vegas ... working out , playing poker online , talking with my girl on skype , watching the Daily Show ... life is good 
Put in a session on Victory today ... 4 tabled 5/10 NLHE for a bit . I like the new Cake software . \ 
Just watched an episode of the Colbert Report where they reference the Big Lebowski during a bit on the Mosque reaction ... so genius . 
Just lifted back ... now flying to Sacramento to visit Matt/Mel & < PROPMALE > ! 
Was just in Tahoe with < PROPMALE > Roberts , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , Vidhya Prabhakaran , & < PROPMALE > Park ... was really nice seeing everyone . Now back in Vegas ... currently catching up with my DVR and chillin ' . 
Não passa um momento onde eu não pensar de , tem saudades , e amar < PROPFEMALE > 
Played late in to the night last night online in a big game ... and today another day in Vegas . Did some errands , just lifted ... now I think I might go with the Swan down to Sahara and try to win the big bucks ... oh yeah , there's a huge new poker tourney there , and they're horrible =) 
Bye bye Vegas ... Hello Brazil ... in Rio for 2 weeks 
Sick in Rio ... just cancelled my flight for tonight b/c I was gonna be miserable travelling . Hoping to leave tomorrow . 
Just rebooked my flight to tonight ... I leave Rio in about 13 hours and get home Friday morning to Vegas ( prob gonna play the Bellagio tourney ) . \ 
I had a great time in Rio with < PROPFEMALE > , and now we are engaged ! I love you Ju ! 
In Bellagio 10k .. Level 3 ( out of 5 ) , 44k chips ( start with 40k ) . Nothing crazy to speak of so far ... Tables playing pretty snug overall 
Played poker all morning at the Bellagio ... lost =( \ 
I just scanned a bunch of documents for the Fiance Visa and shipped them to my lawyer , now I'm back at my condo thinking about working out . 
I'm like an old person now - in bed at 8PM , waking up at 4AM ... why ? Well I'm on Brazil time ( they are +5 hours from PST ) 
Fantasy NBA Auction draft in 2 hours ... think I'm ready =) 
Played some more poker this morning , now doing errands ... \ 
I miss my girl ! 
got way too drunk last night ....... had to leave early , and pass out . still recovering in bed ... 
Completamente apaixonado pela minha mulher ! 
I will see you soon Ju !! 
Thank you everybody for the birthday well-wishes ! I appreciate everyone thinking of me . =) 
My last night in Macau ... then I have an incredibly long trip back to Vegas ( for one night ) , then to San < PROPMALE > the next day for Thanksgiving . Who's back in SD ? 
I am finally back in the States ... I was delayed , just got back a few hours ago ... check out the photos . I was in Macau when some sick poker action was going on . There were people playing as big as 6k/12k USD no limit hold em . Crazy huh ? I didn't play that big ... was grinding it out =) \ 
Coming back to San < PROPMALE > tomorrow ! 
At the Bellagio playing PLO right now ... Getting late and starting to get bored . But my game is good , so I'm gonna play a little bit longer at least . 
At the Bellagio sweating the final table of the 10k wpt ... 3 left , robls is chipleader with 8.5 M , < PROPFIRST > with 6M , and rousso with 3M . Victory poker might just get this head up ... Cheer for my boys !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > gets it all in Orr with aq to robls ak , 6M pot , flop qt8 ... Turn k ... River q\ 
< PROPFEMALE > doubles and it's 3 way with everyone near 6M 
Not looking good for the boys ... < PROPFEMALE > 9.5 , Robl 6 , < PROPFIRST > 2\ 
Was a rough level for victory 
Wow !! < PROPFIRST > ships sb for 2.5 M with kh9h and < PROPFEMALE > calls bb with kc8c ... Flop Kd2c6c ... Turn 2s river 3G and < PROPFIRST > doubles\ 
Ant5 , van5 , robl 7.5 
< PROPFIRST > busts < PROPFEMALE > , aq vs her q2 allin preflop ... Now it's robls and < PROPFIRST > heads up for the title . 
They took some shots , and are pretty drunk .. And I think it is making them play more conservative . There hasn't been a 3bet yet I think in over an hour of play ... Pretty boring . Chips are evenish ( 8/9M each ) 
< PROPFIRST > won and robls got second ! 
Lost my phone last night ... won't have a new one until I return to the States ( January ) . So don't text or call me , I won't get it ! 
Getting ready for my first Christmas not with my family ... in Brazil cooking for a big dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and friends and family ( including my sister who is down here !! ) < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
In the Bahamas right now , trying to earn a few dollars . 
In Vegas trying to get things done ... Man , just want to click a button and have my to-do-list finished . 
I love my girl . I'm here in the US playing poker and getting things done ... but I really wish that I was lying next to Ju , cuddling . I miss you baby ! 
On a weird schedule ... just woke up , going to the bellagio now to show the people how poker is played 
One of the chipleaders in the FTOPS PLO8 tournament right now with about 50 players left . 
This weekend I played a 100/200 NLHE game at the Bellagio for like 16 hours with Manny Pacquiao and others . He's a nice guy , and I even asked him about fighting Mayweather . He said he thinks the fights going to happen . We'll see ! It was a fun session though , Manny likes to gamble and keeps the pots interesting . 
In other news , I've been filming content for a series of PLO training videos for PokerVT for the past few days . I'll let you know when they release the content . Hopefully it'll be something solid for those of you out there that want to learn PLO . Alright ... as for now off to the gym to lift with Swanny . 
Although the word is Portuguese in origin , saudade is a universal feeling related to love . It occurs when two people are in love or like each other , but apart from each other . Saudade occurs when we think of a person who we love and are happy about having that feeling while we are thinking of that person , but she is out of reach , making us sad and crushing our hearts . The pain and these mixed feelings are named saudade 
Just played poker online all day ... Played pretty well for the most part , although I did make a couple horrible plays in the tournaments . Finished up a little though , which was nice after being stuck quite a bit earlier in the day . 
What a weekend .. Played tournaments/cash all day online on Saturday for about 8 hours . After , as I'm about to go to bed , I get a call and go to the Bellagio to play 100/200 NLHE with Manny Pacquiao and others . We play until 1 in the afternoon , when I go over to the set of the Pokerstars Big Game where I'm the first alternate . 
