is finally home ... thank God 

sooo bored ..... 
sigh .... 
has some weird ass tanlines 
finally has her Costa Rica pics up 
is UNGROUNDED !!! now lets see how many days it takes to get grounded again ... or hours 
thinks that people are so stupid when it comes to bad weather . \Hi i'm just wondering why the sirens are on ..? \ " \ " Hi i'm by manvel and its raining . \ " \ " Do you know if the fair is still going on ? \ " I mean really ? Shut up . " 
got < PROPFIRST > to by an asian man while he held my hand ... very scary experience 
doesn't know what to think 
is grounded again ... surprise surprise huh ? 
seriously hates him .... so much . 
so much for those summer nights 
picked out her senior pictures today :) 
i get to go to the lake :) 
bored out of her mind . I can totally see why my parents didnt let me do anything tonight .... not . 
is thinking wtf ??? 
desperately wants to go to Green Day , but can't .... :( 
one after another .... I'll just throw this one in the fire like all the others . 
is freezing after playing softball in the rain ! Or trying to anyway .... 
home from HP 
oh those crazy nights 
kind of wants to stay in GF for once .... 
is missing out because apparently \it's late at 10:30 \"" 
is bored with her ipod .... any good bands out there ? 
is finally home ! 
wishes she hadnt got her memory card stuck in a laptop ...... 
everyone should comment on < PROPFEMALE > pearson's < PROPFEMALE > and say \feh\ " . anywhere is fine and as many times as you want ! please and thank you :) " 
is frusterated !!! 
finally uploaded her New Orleans pics .... check em out !! 
is excited for VBS !!! :) 
a flower can't make up for the wrongs you commit 
shut up ! everyone just shut up ! 
uck a puck a luk a la 
lost my phone . fuck me . 
found her phone !!! phew :) 
another night of disappointment :( 
is done with this shit . 
you know things are bad when your mother has a more technologically advanced phone than you do ..... 
needs to stop going to bed at 2am ... 
urghhhhhhhhhh 
gotta love those inappropriate comments ..... 
wishes ..... 
hmmm ... 
is PUMPED for friday 
plans to be a good girl this weekend ... or not 
the calm before the storm .... ;) 
took a 5 hour nap today and now feels like crap ! 
' s house has sex windows .... 
left her facebook up for 4 days while she was gone .... whoops ! 
cant wait until February ! 
is SO bored . wow 
thinks its weird that her dad jokes about her going on a date with his 40 year old friend ... shouldn't it be the opposite ..? 
got accepted to her first college today ! :) 
apparently everything is my fault now ... 
thinks its a good time for some changes to be made , and likes some of the ones shes made already .... 
went to the Twin's game and got her husband < PROPFIRST > Maur's face on a stick . HOT . 
forgot how physically tiring school was .... ugh 
come on guys lets call the swine flu by its politically correct name : H1N1 
didn't realize how hard that'd be ! :S 
Mr. Carney : \I won't believe < PROPFEMALE > Spears is actually here until she staggers on stage . \"" 
is wondering how she is going to fit everything in this weekend ...... 
you're a jerk Kanye ... seriously grow up . 
meh . 
I ! BROKE ! MY ! PHONE ! F ! M ! L ! and I HATE going to verizon wireless .... ): ( 
likes having to go to school for only 3 days this week :) 
no !!! the real world cancun is done with !!! :( 
was pleasantly surprised ! 
just got denied taking a quiz because it contained alcoholic content and my \demographic\ " something or other said I couldn't see it .... really Facebook ???? " 
good old cushman classic ... 
needs to get a better handle on things . 
gah Farmville !! You have officially ensnared me .... 
< PROPFIRST > Favre ROCKS MY SOCKS . 
is tired ... but is pumped for tomorrow !! 
needs a break from all this . 
Dear Farmville , Please get better soon , my crops are wilting . Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > . 
damn .... I just lost the game ! 
has nothing remotely interesting to put as her status ... 
is staring out her window as the entire Gopher hockey team is getting out of their bus , walking across her front lawn , and walking to her neighbors . Man I love living by the Potulneys !! 
is scared SHITLESS right now . 
enjoys the ingenious chants shouted by UND fans at hockey games 
argentina = suck . 
just spent the past week and a half saving up to expand her Farmville to plantation size , only to be told that I had to expand it to the Big Family Farm size . Now I don't have enough money . Screw you farmville . 
Today , I ceased to doubt the stories of people in costumes on college campuses when a guy dressed as < PROPMALE > Potter ran past me as I was sitting outside . He was followed about a minute later by a guy dressed as Snape who ran up to me and said \Did you see which way < PROPMALE > went ? He owes me a detention ! \ " I pointed him in the wrong direction . You're welcome < PROPMALE > . MLIA " 
Today was my schools homecoming pep rally . At the end , the Marching Band and the football team went against each other in tug-of-war . The Marching Band won . MLIA 
Today , in my AP English Lit class we were going around the room talking about what is our greatest fear . It was < PROPFEMALE > day and it went to this popular jock guy said \I fear the apocolypse . \ " RIGHT when he finished the power went out and he screamed the most high pitched girl scream anyone in the class ever heard . Best timing ever ? I do believe so . MLIA " 
Today , I saw a member of the marching band beat up a guy on the football team . I've never been more proud to be a member of the marching band . MLIA 
This Mt . Dew tastes SO GOOD ! 
FLEH 
Acres of Terror : $20 . Meal at < PROPFEMALE > Garden : $15 . Screaming your ass off while running from a chainsaw wielding masked man : Priceless . 
es muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuy consada ............... 
' s elbow hurts . Again ...... 
just rotated her cat and it disappeared .... screw you Farmville . 
there's a demon inside of me , can I kill it ? Hell no . 
had some REM rebounding going on today ... 
feh . fleh . fah . feg . MLEH . 
My mind is set on overdrive , the clock is laughing in my face . 
just got done playing < PROPFIRST > cart and POKEMON SNAP on her nintendo 64 . Yeah I know ... you're jealous . 
wishes grand forks wasnt so fricken boring . 
' s neighborhood isn't as safe as she thought it was ... 
is amused . 
is very glad to have EDC over with ! 
doesnt really appreciate this whole \grounding\ " thing . " 
is going CRAZY . 
<3 cynicism <3 
that went ..... well ...?? 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > boom boom . 
is counting down the days ............... 
these armani commercials are freaking me out . i didnt know soft core porn was allowed on tv .... 
< PROPFIRST > LAMBERT . 
needs to get off facebook .... doing nothing all day has left her a tiiiish delarious .... a;lskdjf;alksdjf;oiawejoimn[p89q324uwer[09pi9[oiaewfm'klsvdmj 
does not want to go out of town tomorrow ... :( 
finally made it ! < PROPFEMALE > Condon 
absolutley hates being sick . why must i always get sick just in time for christmas every year ? 
Dear Weatherman , Please make it stop snowing asap ! Thanks ! 
Apparently lack of sleep makes me cynical , who knew ? So have fun reading my updated profile when you're bored and supposed to be doing homework ..... 
screw auditions .............. 
enjoys scaring people via Facebook . If you've read the infamous wall to wall well ..... you'll know . < PROPFEMALE > Mlikota 
is thinking this class is really pointless 
ughhhhhhhhhhhhh 
daytime tv now consists of Jersey Shore marathons .... really ?????????? 
is apparently crazy . 
feels played ... apparently weightlifting = cardio ??? wtf B ! 
doesnt appreciate how certain people that dont ever blink and shave their arms force me to do squats and make other people stare at my butt . < PROPFEMALE > Koopman < PROPFIRST > Young 
' s group that she made has now reached 203 members !! Turns out everyone loves Mr. Poissant !! Feel free to join if you agree :) 
my GOD does < PROPFIRST > Swift suck at singing live ! 
loves when her friends call her and all they do is laugh hysterically ! < PROPFEMALE > Pearson 
is feeling the love . 
needs to start getting serious and stop messing around ..... April 10th is coming up fast ! 
is hoping things work out for once ... 
lady gaga is my fb !!! Linnéa June < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Pribula 
is very , very ... I don't even know . There's really no word in the english language to describe it ! < PROPFIRST > Pribula 
went to PBR today .... my life will never be the same again ...... 
just got added by my aunt on facebook .... and feels strangely violated .... there should be an age limit on facebook ! 
' s parents are coming home tonight ...... meh . 
needs a new ipod , ihome , and straightener .... good thing it was just my birthday and I found that paycheck ! 
got a new first baseman's glove and is veeeery excited about it !! 
< PROPFEMALE > in wonderland = acid trip ! 
a ; lskdfj ; ailem ; alivjwom ; q23wrenk ; svd kl ; 2j8iosvdnkl ; XVDmklMKL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
mucinex is a magic pill ! 
iiestoy consada ..... anoche fue < PROPFEMALE > noche larga y yo aun no ha dormir en absoluto !! 
is not too excited about this whole \prom\ " thing ... " 
Forgive me father , for I have said \fhe\ " !!!!!!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > Mlikota " 
is getting a little nervous by all these \I GOT MY PROM DRESS :P !!!!! \ " statuses ..... maybe she should go get hers soon too ?? " 
what is it about rain that makes everyone sad ? 
soooo close .... yet so far away . sigh ..... 
Lady Gaga . St. < PROPFIRST > . August 30th . Linnéa June < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Rathbone < PROPFIRST > Pribula 
Don't be scared , I've done this before . Show me your teeth . Linnéa June < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Pribula 
is finally going prom dress shopping .... I hope it doesn't take all day ... 
despises shopping ... good god . 
all-city = a joke . 
somehow , A Briefer History Of Time isn't brief enough . Thanks a lot one man wolf pack ......... 
My mom needs to stop cooking such good food ! Ugh I'm not going to be able to fit into my prom dress .... 
Let's go Twins !! 
has gotten 5 graduation party invitations today ... it's that time of year ! 
is raring to go ! 
< PROPMALE > COOK <3 
Ooooh movie nights ..... 
feels like she's in one of those movies where she just stands there and everyone whizzes by ....... 
Inside the park home run ? Let's go MLB ! 
Feels like her life is a giant game of the Sims .....! 
does anyone else find < PROPFIRST > from Keeping Up With the Kardashians fricken hilarious when he's drunk ??? 
REEEEEEEEEEEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
likes screaming and making gutteral noises . Anyone else with me ? 
prom was only like a billion times better than last year ! 
doesn't know if she can play softball in such nice weather ! 
who the hell wrote \Hostel\ " and what the hell was wrong with them ?! " 
high school is an epic waste of time and life minutes . 
barely slept all weekend ..... 
Wants a ride in the Riemers for sheriff < PROPFIRST > !!!!!!! 
\I wonder what would happen if you gave your baby acid ...? \ " \ 
blep . 
is so thankful for her friends , family , and that certain someone :) 
Oh State .... 
Is a pimp . Where my bitches at ?! 
State championship !!! Bring it West Fargo ! 
happy I got 2nd place at state , but will miss all those girls who played such a big part in my life !! Love you softball players ! 
Gettin the wisdom teeth out today . Good times .... 
is craving all the foods she can't eat .... 
wants to fast forward about two or three days .... 
has had a shit week ... And is scared to see where it goes from here . 
my little cousin has officially been traumatized by the Japanese .... 
Is escaping from orientation at NDSU by hiding in the library and using an iPad to go on facebook 
is 18 , graduated from high school , and still has a midnight curfew and can be grounded ...? Okay ... 
ughh so fricken bored ..... yay summer 2010 
The longest day of the year and I was grounded ... What a waste .... 
is a little scared because her roommate doesn't have facebook ..... 
I feel like my life is stuck on repeat ... 
being nocturnal is so lonely .... I need a nocturnal friend to keep me company at night ! 
All these asphyxiated self-medicated , take the white pill you'll feel alright ... 
I hate you Campus Connection ... 
Just got a new Macbook Pro AND a 64 GB iPod touch ! Very good day ! :) 
I need more sand in my hourglass of time .... 
The Magical Mystery Tour is dying to take you away ! 
Listening to OOBU JOOBU makes me laugh .... Oh < PROPFIRST > McCartney .. 
well at least I can't say that my life is boring ... 
just got done watching < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Mind blown . 
sigh ............... 
ugh what a fricken waste of summer . 
has that crappy \I just took a four hour nap\ " feeling .... " 
is dating < PROPFIRST > Bye ;) 
soooo boring .... please , someone call St. Marks ! Then I can feel like I accomplished something all day ...... 
is addicted to Weeds . 
Everything is dust in the wind . 
I <3 Vinny . 
bouncy ball = 8 month anniversary . 
is worrying about the future ... as usual ... 
' s previous status has disappeared from Facebook . Where did it go ? What does this mean ? I must have traveled in time .... 
Just watched < PROPFIRST > Darko . Amazing movie ! 
moves a week from tomorrow . Crazy ... 
is happy with how things are panning out for next weekend !! 
just got done spending almost 500 dollars on text books .... hitting the purchase button was painful . 
Target is my own personal hell . 
is now a college student ? Okay .... 
thinks she may have an ear infection .... 
' s first day of college was pointless . 
According to my University Studies professor , it's all good in the hood . 
GETS A DORM ROOM TO HERSELF !!!! 
is hungry .. but doesn't want to deal with the Union right now . 
got a free icee and rosary from the catholics outside the Union . Later I saw them having an impromptu dance party at the bus stop . Hmm ... maybe I should convert . 
just video chatted with < PROPFEMALE > Mlikota during University Studies . Yes , that class is that much of a joke . 
Hypnotists are amazing ! 
I just lost the game . 
MADE WIND SYMPHONY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
sigh .... this weekend went too fast ... 
wishes she could go to the Lady Gaga concert today ... :( 
didn't realize how intense college lessons would be .... 
is listening to the London Symphony Orchestra's version of Another Brick in the Wall by Pink < PROPMALE > . So amazing ! 
just did some laundry ! I'm so grown up ! 
just got another email from LOLcats !!!!!!!!!!! < PROPFIRST > Smith 
Ughhh University Studies = 2 hours of homework .... And not done yet ! 
This poster sale is going to be the death of me !!! Ugh so many awesome things ! 
Mailbox = Netflix = The Wall = Excitement . 
OPOC is slowly seeping into NDSU .... one minion at a time .... MUAHAHAHA !!!!! Linnéa < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Pribula < PROPMALE > Dusek < PROPFEMALE > Ruud < PROPMALE > Sun 
hates hates hates this class . 
Why does Bergum smell like potatoes ? 
Newspaper taxis appear on the shore , Waiting to take you away . Climb in the back with your head in the clouds , And you're gone . 
this weekend went by way too fast ... :( Well , back to eating , sleeping , and studying ... 
why is it that every time I try to do homework and listen to music at the same time , I can't do it ? Oh yeah , cuz Pink < PROPMALE > is amazing ! 
Sickkkk :( 
has been in the Union doing homework for oh , about 4 hours . Good times .... 
so apparently my little cousin < PROPFIRST > saw 2 guys with their pants belted below their waist , and he yells to them \Hey hey ! You are losing your pants !! \ " Oh the joy of youth ... " 
already missing class is not a good way to start off the semester ... at least I have a doctors note . 
taking a two and a half hour nap was not such a good idea ... I guess I'll just have to walk ALL the way across campus to eat now ... SIGH . 
Is sitting in the midst of a freak fest . 
project due tomorrow :( better start on that .... 
I wonder if the people living next to me can hear my burps ....? 
Ahhh GF I missed you !! :) 
sigh ... 
is the goddess of procrastination ! 
Impromptu 11 o'clock walmart runs to get hair dye ? I think so . 
is glad she has Brahms for days like this ... 
is liking what she sees ! :) 
hates blackberries sometimes . 
is beginning to understand the language of A Clockwork Orange ..... 
Puritans got one thing right -- children are inherently evil . 
FINALLY got my ipod hooked up to NDSU's internet . Satisfying . 
Two tests tomorrow ... Life may be ruined . 
I wish that the library was open later . Also , I wish that I had an ounce of self control when it comes to Facebook . Do they have rehabs for this ? 
One test down , one to go . Now to find my phone charger ..... Mleh . 
wants to go to 3OH ! 3 !!! 
Koo Koo < PROPFEMALE > Choo ! 
Oh the college experience ... < PROPFEMALE > Schneider 
Two test scores back : B in Family Sciences and A in Microcomputer Packaging . One to go ! 
is disappointed that the < PROPMALE > Potter saga would fall into the whole 3D movie craze .... very disappointed . 
Ahhh OBBU JOOBU makes my long , boring days full of joy . 
TRAINWRECK !! 
87/90 on political science test . what up . 
THURSDAY ! < PROPFIRST > Smith 
god will this hellish week ever fricken end ? 
is this really happening ? 
The Columbian Exchange : tobacco , various food items , and syphilis . 
time speeds by too fast ... back to the grind tomorrow . 
maybe .. for once .. everything is coming together ? hmm ... 
two and a half pages done of my rhetorical analysis .... two and a half more to go . Dear bullshit god , please help me now . 
I like it in the closet . 
OMFG MYSPACE DISCOVERY 
sigh another exciting day of college ..... 
urrrghhh . 
Hello , my name is < PROPFEMALE > Buchmann and I'm addicted to Facebook . 
hates this ... 
They don't care what goes on around . In their eyes there's something lacking . What they need's a damn good whacking . 
is glad that University Studies is done . One credit down , 17 to go . 
has an escape plan . < PROPFIRST > Smith 
apparently playing for the Rider softball team for 5 effing years doesn't mean that your name is spelled right or that you have the right uniform number in the yearbook . < add expletives and insults here > 
Don't tweet about Wheat Thins ... Or they'll find you . 
feels empty ... 
I just lost the game thanks to the mystery person who wrote it in chalk on the sidewalk . 
is it next week yet ? 
every degree that it gets colder , my soul turns a little more black . 
Dear < PROPMALE > Folds , \ 
Stop drunk tweeting . It's seriously annoying , and you've become a twitter whore . Take it down a notch . \ 
Sincerely , Mackenzie\ 
PS You're still amazing ! 
Does being excited for sight reading new music in band make me a ' band geek ' per se ? Eh what ever , I accept this role . 
well , I guess it wasn't my lucky night in the casino ... 
Seeing snow in the forecast for Wednesday makes me die a bit inside .... 
I hate the week . 
I think I'm getting carpal tunnel in my wrist . Ah , the nightmare of a piano player . 
Today I got blown off the sidewalk by a huge gust of wind into a puddle .... twice . 
why does it always seem like when things are bad , things just keep piling up ? I hate life ... 
I'm starting to think that helping people overcome their addictions would be a very satisfying career path for me .... hmmm ... 
loves halloween ! 
The present is just one big countdown to the future . 
Dear Bergum bitches : Stop being little immature girls who have to run around , scream , and brag about drinking . No one cares and you sound absolutely stupid . PS . Thanks for turning the heat on the dryer and shrinking my clothes . 
Lay down all thought , surrender to the void . 
I'm looking for a pianist to accompany me for my juries !!! They would need to be free November 24th and an undetermined date mid December . Let me know if you or you know anyone who might be able to ! 
can't wait for this stupid year to be over and life to start again . 
Every time I eat the food at NDSU I feel like I'm contracting stomach cancer . 
Oh Sreerupa , why do you have to make life so difficult ? 
I just walked into Forever 21 , aka heaven . this place is enormous !!! 
Having no school on a Thursday is absolutely pointless . 
could this week go by any slower ? 
I love being on hold FOREVER ! Come on ASU .... 
I love having insomnia when I have an 8 am class the next day ... 
last night I did not sleep , and I now feel no tiredness whatsoever . Can't wait for the crash .... 
ahh there's no better feeling than < PROPFEMALE > . sucks to suck . 
beginning to have a mental breakdown about juries ................ 
thank god for a short week and cancelled classes 
so ... much ... snow ... 
So I have my classes picked out and in my shopping cart ... of course NDSU has me be in the last group to enroll ... now the wait till midnight to see if I actually get into any of them . No pressure . 
insomnia is so boring when you have no one to talk to ... 
wait listed for two classes , AP test scores didn't show up on Campus Connection so unable to sign up for Psych 216 , and my lab interferes with Wind Symphony . Bravo , NDSU . 
is sitting in class with two other people ... why am I such a good student ? 
I need to stop going to the casino ..... 
transitioned from a Sgt . Pepper phase to Rubber Soul . How ? I do not know , but I kind of dig it . 
ughhhh Christmas shopping can suck it . 
RAWR . Excited to go home tomorrow to see < PROPFIRST > Pribula !!! 
good god snooki has a book ?? What is the world coming to ? 
OPOC OPOC OPOC OPOC OPOC 
Sufjan Stevenssssss 
you know those times when a song comes up that you've listened to a hundred times , and you listen to it again and all of a sudden it reminds you of someone ? 
one year ! Oh how time flies ... I love you < PROPFIRST > Pribula ! 
am I the only one that gets super stressed out watching Zombieland ??? Holy crap ! The zombie apocalypse is going to happen !! BE PREPARED ! 
I love when my facebook gets hacked by random applications ....! how do I make it stop ?! 
So I thought the music video for Fireworks was actually going to be meaningful when I saw the cancer patient ... until the fireworks starting shooting out of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s boobs . 
National Geographic : Moment of Death = Amazing documentary . 
And if the cloud bursts thunder in your ear , you shout and no one seems to hear . And if the band you're in starts playing different tunes , I'll see you on the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > . 
thinks dead week should die a little faster . 
now that the concert is done , all I need to worry about is two big projects in English due tomorrow , and my five finals . Efffff . 
is it seriously only Wednesday ??? 
Just discovered Dead Like Me ... pretty good dark humor . 
So I just updated to the new facebook .... I kinda dig it . Once you get used to it , you realize how efficient and well layed out it really is . 
Who do I have to kill to get into Math 103 ? 
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together . 
2 down , 3 to go . Rawr . 
Just kicked poli sci's butt . Now , the scales will kick mine . 
Now I have to sit around and wait for my Friday final . Good scheduling NDSU ... you never cease to amaze me . 
Today was the most boring day ever , and I have another day full of NOTHING tomorrow . 
So dilemma . Take math 103 and leave my psych class 15 minutes early once a week , or take math 105 and have class at 8 am MWTHF ? 
139/145 on my poli sci final !!!! What up ? 
Got all As and Bs this semester ! Hmm , maybe college isn't as hard as I thought ? Yet .... 
Happy Festivus to all . I hope you got your metal poles . 
Snooki <3 
insomnia ... we meet again . 
christmas break is now over :( 
why do colleges try to screw you out of your money by any means possible ?? Don't they already have enough money ? I'm surprised NDSU doesn't charge us to go to the bathroom . 
Cheated the system at the NDSU bookstore ! Bahaha I'm so BA . 
The Beatles love CD -- pure genius . 
nothing like waking up to a biology lecture in the morning ! 
Ugh why does everywhere I go have crappy internet ? 
Ahhh , a clean and organized room . :) 
The latest episode of Jersey Shore makes me want to meet Snooki even more . 
Ugh . It's been one of those days ... 
Just finished watching A Clockwork Orange . What a masterpiece . 
Amazing how much reading you can get done when you think you lost your computer charger . 
You know you're from North < PROPFEMALE > when you think it's a nice day at 19 degrees . 
Where are you Her ?! Please come back ! < PROPFIRST > Pribula 
Of course I get insomnia before my first biology test ... I need sleeping pills . 
Blame it all upon a rush of blood to the head . 
It's way too cold to be walking around outside today ... is it the weekend yet ? 
The weekend !!! I'm excited to hit up the casino with the family :) 
At b dubs ! 
I have officially made the switch from blackberry to droid , and I'm LOVING it . 
Had a great birthday ! Thank you everyone for the birthday posts , I appreciate it ! :) 
Just got hit on by a three and a half year old who had more game than most guys . 
I think I'm going to buy the new Lady Gaga album just for the cover ...... 
I hate not having cable and missing out on Jersey Shore :( 
Just had a nice dinner with my valentines for the day . 
Where's the fast forward button ? 
I need to get out of the habit of staying up till one or two every night .... 
Ugh why do tests always seem to fall on the same day ? I think professors plan this to make our lives suck more . 
Bio and Human Geography tests = done . Stress = alleviated . 
I have once again gotten sucked into Grey's Anatomy ... I forgot how good it was ! 
Just saw the new Lady Gaga Born This Way music video ...... wow . 
Sans roommate again .... 
Ugh . 
Kinda liking this whole having a room to myself thing . Two closets , more drawers ... just need to spice up the place a bit . 
Why hello there insomnia .... we meet again . 
Why can't I worry about things during normal daytime hours ?? Sigh .... 
So so sooooo tired ... 
Wind Symphony concert tonight at 7:30 in Festival Concert Hall . Everyone who's anyone will be there ! 
Don't be a drag , just be a < PROPFEMALE > . 
I remember watching the mascara tears flood the ivories and I thought , ' It's okay to be sad . ' I've been trained to love my darkness . \ 
-Lady Gaga 
How many mgs of melatonin does it take to make < PROPFEMALE > fall asleep ? Next time I'm just going to take the whole bottle ... 
I love getting bitched at and lectured in front of a crowd for being in wind symphony .... Screw you . 
Too ... many ... tests .... can't ... go .... on ..... 
Math exam , psychology exam , concert , then going on tour . Ah , what a relaxing way to spend spring break . I guess there really ain't no rest for the wicked . 
Gotta love watching the NASA channel at 1 am . 
Spring break = being stranded in New Salem on a bus . Crazy times ! 
Tour Update : still in New Salem . Stuck on a bus for 24 hours . Heading to Medora at 10 am . 
And so we finally leave New Salem , leaving behind us New Salem < PROPFEMALE > and the sounds of bag pipes . Bismarck here we come ! 
Finally back in fargo after a very interesting tour ..... now time to head home ! 
You know spring break is ending when you start stressing about that bio test on Monday ..... 
Ugh sick . Ugh bio . Ugh school ...... 
Come on Iron and Wine ... sing me through the migraine . 
stumbleupon.com .... you ever cease to entertain me . 
SO sick of insomnia . 
Thunder ... snow ? 
Another sleepless night ? I think so ... 
Why is it that there is literally a stack of unpaired socks in my drawer ?? Where do they all go ?? This is a conspiracy ....... 
Why can't I be sick during the week ...? 
I caught a fleeting glimpse out of the corner of my eye . I turned to look but it was gone . I cannot put my finger on it now . The child is grown , the dream is gone . I have become comfortably numb . 
Longest week ever ? I think so . 
Gotta love lazy , good for nothing lab partners ...... 
Rubber Soulllll <3 
Maybe if I turn the music up a bit louder I can drown out my thoughts . 
Good GOD biology ... it's WAY too fricken early to be waking up and looking at these sort of photos .... 
Human Geo test just got pushed back to Monday .... for once I'm thanking technology for failing to make our lives easier . Also , thank you for allowing me to witness my professor having a break down and dropping f bombs left and right . 
So tired .... maybe my hour and a half biology review will wake me up ! < Insert sarcastic chuckle here > 
Just found stumbleupon app for droid ... now I never have to pay attention to anything ! 
Mmmm dubstep your bass beats are so dirty ... I love it . 
Ahhh what a great weekend with the family ! Went by waaay too quickly though :( 
Just rediscovered a facebook group I made years ago ... it has 226 members . Such a win . 
It's the word , love . In the beginning I misunderstood , but now I've got it . The word is good . 
HER ! HAS ! COME ! OUT ! OF ! HIBERNATION ! O ! M ! G ! < PROPFIRST > Pribula 
UGH I love when people aren't dedicated to anything . 
Kill me now . 
< Insert generic anti-snow/anti-ND facebook status here > 
Just when I thought the internet wasn't going to be a little beyotch anymore ..... 
Oh okay . No that's fine car .... you don't need to start or anything . Just have the night off . I'll change my plans for you . Don't worry about it . 
If today had a color , it would be gray . 
Ahh I forgot how good < PROPMALE > Potter was ... thank you Easter < PROPFEMALE > ! :) 
Ahhh what a great way to end the year . Nice job NDSU wind symphony ! 
Had a good time watching my softball girls today . :) 
\If anyone ever writes a biography about my life 
And so it begins ..... 
