I'm lovin the new Treasure Trooper app ! 

Re-watching the american idol on tivo . what was < PROPMALE > thinking with < PROPFIRST > ? 
I just made $1 for taking a 5 minute survey on Treasure Trooper ! http://www.treasuretrooper.com/moneychick 
Count down to Collective Soul concert . Ugh I really should get some sleep . 
Concert tomorrow in Reno !!!! I can't wait ! CS is gonna rock the house ! 
Collective Soul rocked !! I even got a band t-shirt out of the deal ! < PROPMALE > loved the concert and probably shouted more than I did . :) For a moment , I think < PROPMALE > even saw me ! 
Watching the premier of \Life\ " on Animal Planet " 
I'm currently looking for more Collective Soul concerts . I'm hooked now . It's only been a few days but I seem to be addicted ! All hail to the Soul Machine . 
Feeling pretty sick today . :( Sorry about the absense this past week . I'm going to try to get to all my messages , but it might take me awhile ! :) 
Went out to Chevys for my parent's 28th anniversary last night . Following in the tradition of attempting to embarrass the person who is celebrating their birthday/anniversary/special occasion , I managed to successfully sneak away and get the waiters to give them both sombrero hats in the loudest , most obnoxious way possible . Total success . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! I had a wonderful day , and all the comments on here made it even better . :) 
Heading to see < PROPMALE>'s play . He's playing Sherlock Holms . He even has a musical number . 
Oops we're way early . 
Saw < PROPMALE > in the bleachers . Can't wait to hear him sing ! 
< PROPMALE > did great ! His song went off without a hitch and he looked like he had a ton of fun . 
Just got back from my friends's jazz concert . it was great ! 
And ... we're off ! next stop Corvallis ! 
As soon as I get internet I'm going to reply to my messages . Didn't have time before we left but I'll do it I promise ! 
Interesting music mix Dad asked for . Led Zeppelin meet < PROPFIRST > Horton . 
Corvallis is beautiful . Some of the prettiest country I've ever seen . 
Heading out to Burnt Woods 
Dinner at < PROPFEMALE>'s . There's a pie advertizement staring me in the face . Must . Resist . 
Not feeling that great today . It just started to rain . I love the sound it makes against the camper roof . 
Truck repair today- fuel leak . It's raining , but this is Oregon so I'm not suprised . < PROPMALE > is going to science camp today . He's going to have a blast ! 
Heading out- Corvallis was great , and now we're heading to the Portland area . 
Passing through Salem , OR 
Currently outside Portland , OR 
Having TV is weird after you've not had it for awhile . 
So it's down to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Predictions ? 
Took a wrong turn , now we're in Washington . Guess we're heading up the north side of the Gorge . 
Nevermind , we're taking the Oregon side of the Columbia River Gorge . 
Had lunch in Silver Lake , Oregon . 
It just started snowing really hard ! Found another petroglyph . 
Home . Yay . 
< PROPFEMALE > Cooper on American Idol ? Alright ! Can we get an encore of maybe , Billion Dollar Babies ? 
Oregon or bust ! Heading out now with one little brother and one puppy in tow . Ten hour drive ahead- time to catch up on my beauty rest . ;) 
Songs for the road- Everybody Knows , Concrete Blonde 
Camping just north of Klamath Falls , OR . Chicken for dinner tonight . Remind me to take it out of the oven at six . 
Bad migraine . Like 7.6 on the rictor scale bad . Hope I can snap it by 2morrow . 
Dinner was great . It's not even dark and I'm SO tired ! What is it about camping that makes you hungry and tired at the same time ? 
Finally made it to the Columbia River Gorge ! 
The air here smells really sweet . 
Found a campsite 
Dad's camping grocery list : ' FOOD ' 
Gone fishing 
Just got an Oregon fishing license . Went with a salmon tag too . 
Too much weight on my line . < PROPMALE>'s gotten a nibble so far . The few other people around here are pulling stuff out right and left . Everyone except us . 
Well , no fish today . We're gonna try again around five a.m. 
Dog sick today . Pretty bad fever- I hope I can beat it before we get to the coast . 
Sick today . Feels like the flu . Looks like I'm going to be spending a few more days in Portland . 
Currently in Vancouver , Washington awaiting the biggest fireworks display this side of the Mississippi . Or so I've been told . 
Everyone has fireworks here . It's a great pre-show . 
Happy Fourth Of July Facebook ! 
The ENTIRE Columbia River on both the Portland and Vancouver side is lit up with fireworks . It's amazing ! 
Curently in Astoria , Oregon . 
Checked out Fort Clatsop , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE>'s origional fort at the mouth of the Columbia . Pretty cool ! 
I just got to hold , pet , and play with baby tigers and lion cubs . The Bandon West Coast Game Park Safari in Oregon is SO COOL ! 
Next stop- Crescent City , CA 
Heading home ! 
BBQ tonight with the family . 
Finally got onto Facebook after several months of trouble shooting . 
So nice to finally be able to update from the computer and check my facebook . A warning to every facebooker out there : DO NOT ATTEMPT TO LOG INTO YOUR FACEBOOK ACCOUNT FROM ANOTHER COMPUTER ! It causes all sorts of trouble . I'm never doing that again . 
Add me in FrontierVille ! 
Ugh . It's 1:22 am and I'm still up . Being sick makes me SUCH an insomniac . 
Taking my little bro to see Toy Story 3 . 
is finally back after about three weeks of radio silence . Hopefully , I'll be feeling better soon ! 
Wow . < PROPMALE > goes back to school tomorrow ... to 7th grade ! When did that happen ? 
Last day of summer for < PROPMALE > ! As for me , I'm already back to work . But it still FEELS like summer . 
Out to eat with the fam for the last dinner of the summer ! 
My personal alarm clock ( my cockatiel ) treated me to a rendition of The < PROPMALE > Griffith Theme Song this morning . The only problem ? His timing . I DID NOT order a three AM wake up call . Thank you very little . 
Middle of the night movie ! Oh the joys of ( way too much ) popcorn and soda . 
It's my lucky day ! My favorite movie is on Bravo right now ! 
< PROPMALE>'s birthday tomorrow . Then comes a party this weekend . Bunch of seventh grade boys running around ? Yea ... I'll be hiding in my room if anyone needs me . 
Out for < PROPMALE>'s bday dinner at Chevys . Now on to finding the loudest , most obnoxious way possible to give him that Chevys hat . 
Going to the car show in Auburn . 
“Time is passing . Yet , for the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , there will be\ 
no forgetting September the 11th . We will remember every rescuer who\ 
died in honor . We will remember every family that lives in grief . We\ 
will remember the fire and ash , the last phone calls , the funerals of\ 
the children . \ -President < PROPFIRST > W . Bush . \ 
Heading to the Auburn fair . Look me up if you're there ! 
Niners and Hawks . Hmmm ... I'm conflicted . 
Must . Not . Sleep . It's Monday ... gotta work ... have to work ... need to ... work ... Ugh . This is going to be one of those days where I'm going to have to tape my eyelids open to stay conscious- I can just tell . 
< PROPMALE > ( our dog ) got attacked last night . He's pretty badly beaten up- poor puppy . It was either a really big dog or the local bear that's been hanging around the area . Took him to the vet today and got his wounds all taken care of . He's currently resting in the family room and doing well . He's such a good boy ! He didn't even yelp when he was getting fixed up . 
AMAZING Migraine News ! My til t-t able test went really well ! I got a positive result , ( I passed out ) , which is defiantly not normal . This means that we’re finally on the right track in terms of a diagnoses and finding a cure . Essentially , what the doctor thinks I have is a condition where my autonomic nervous system , my brain , and my heart do not function properly in relation to my blood flow . ( Continued in next post ) 
This causes severe , and in some patients constant , migraines . ( As well as passing out and a number of other symptoms . ) So ! We finally seem to be on the right track as far as a diagnoses goes . The best part ? It’s treatable !!! I’ve already started this new medicine that treats this condition , and it’s possible that I could start to actually feel better in a few weeks ! Good news huh ? ( Continued in next post ) 
** crosses fingers ** I don’t want to get my hopes up too too much , but the doctor says that the other three patients that he’s had with this condition have responded really well to the medicine and were back to normal in a matter of months . ( That’s the other thing , this is apparently a REALLY rare condition . ) I’m feeling pretty optimistic for the first time in awhile . :) 
is about as happy as happy gets . 
Went from relatively happy to REALLY sad in about three seconds . Rest In Peace < PROPFIRST > Butler . You will be missed greatly . 
Boise State RULES ! That fumble into the endzone was awesome . 
My mind is becoming one long Pink < PROPMALE > song . 
Grass Valley , California Started to cool down ... and today it's hot again . When will the wheather\ 
coperate with the fact that it's FALL already ? Anyone else wish it\ 
would cool off ? 
First storm of the season- right on mother nature ! I love the smell the rain brings . 
Heading to my Uncle and Soon-To-Be-Aunt's Wedding where I get to be photographer ! Wish me and my brand-spanking new camera luck ! 
Wedding went great- I got quite a few ( 400 give or take ) pics . Can't wait to get home and start working on them ! 
Still trying to get back to everyone , but the migraines have been really bad lately . So bear with me guys , I'll get to ya . Hopefully sometime soon . :) Also currently working on the Wedding Pics . After I get back to everyone I'll start posting them . 
Wanted to go to the game tonight but no one seems to be going . Hmmm ... Guess I might as well get some work done . 
Today I talked to my friend about money . She asked if I had bought anything cute with my last check . I told her that no , I put it in the bank for college but am planning on investing in a mutual fund- so did that count ? After laughing at me for five straight minutes I was “officially the nerdiest person she knew . ” 
\The Shining\ " is a great book . Can't believe I didn't get into < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > earlier . Now I'm just easting it up . Good thing he's written about a billion books . " 
Had a ton of fun at the BRHS Jazz night ! < PROPFEMALE > was great on guitar ! 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To\ 
not see a human face on FB til Monday , December 6th . Join the fight\ 
against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite\ 
your friends to do the same ... ? FIGHT CHILD ABUSE ( My Cartoon Look-A-Like : Pocahontas ) 
In Sonoma for my Grandpa's 80th birthday . 
Still trying to get back to everybody . SOOO behind and super busy . I can't even believe it's Christmas time already . How did that happen ? Anyway I have like 10 people I need to respond to . I'll totally stop slacking soon , I promise ! 
Happy Birthday to the Great Randenie herself , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! Enjoy the day babe ! 
wants to wish a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays to all my Facebook friends ! 
Feeling pretty depressed ... Death so hard to deal with . Sorry to all the people who I need to respond to both on facebook and in email ... I just haven't felt like even getting on the computer or doing anything . Mayo Clinic in Minnesota next week and I'm pretty excited/nervous/impatient . Just praying that this will be my big break health wise and that I will start to feel a little happier soon . 
Just landed in the Twin Cities ! Lots and lots of snow here- doesn't seem to be freezing though . ( Que sigh of relief . ) 
Touched down in Minneapolis . One flight down- one to go . Next stop Rochester . 
Landed in Rochester , Minnesota safe and sound- can't wait to get to the hotel ! Guh . It's been a long day . 
Feeling jet lagged but happy . The hotel and Mayo Clinic are so huge that I feel like such a country girl in the big city . People keep smiling indulgently at me as I point out all the tall buildings- or maybe it's the sweatshirt that has \OREGON\ " written on it in big white letters . " 
I'm busting at the seams . The pain level here is practically nonexistent- or at least by my standards . It's so nice to finally have a break from it , and yet I am SO tired I've barely left the hotel room . Resolved : I'm going to get off the computer and take a nap , then , I'm going to paint the town red . Anybody know of some fun stuff to do in Rochester , MN ? 
Snowing hard here- all flights have been canceled . Decided to postpone departure until tomorrow and pray for better weather then . Mayo Clinic stuff went REALLY well- I'm too tired to elaborate but thanks so much for all of the comments . :) Should have plenty of time to answer them in the airport tomorrow . Yikes . 
Minnesota is getting hit hard with winter warnings and blizzard conditions , and our flights have been canceled AGAIN . ( Sigh ) The earliest we can get out is wednesday , so that's when we'll be departing . At least we managed to watch the news and check our flights online before we left the hotel this morning , other wise we'd be stuck at the airport tonight . 
Sitting in the Rochester , MN Airport . After a week of being thwarted by the weather and my migraines , we're finally on our way home ! 
Now boarding first flight to Minneapolis ! Wish us luck ! 
Home safe and sound . Attempting to catch up on two weeks of work , but failing miserably . 
Ugh . Grief is such a fickle thing . One minute you're relatively okay , just skipping along in blissful ignorance , then it hits you all over again . I have to say , music of choice right now is Pink < PROPMALE > , the entire Dark Side Of The < PROPFEMALE > album . Fits the mood . 
< PROPMALE > and his friend are having a sleep-over and , naturally , I'm hiding out in my room . Question : Why is it that boys sound like drunken monkeys when they get into a group ? 
Thoughts and prayers go out to Japan . HELP JAPAN by texting REDCROSS 90999 . $10 will be added to your phone < PROPMALE > . Please Re-Post and Re-Tweet ! 
