sick of all your bull shit lies 

i have been really sick the past 2 weeks . 
I got my myspace pass back .. =D 
my Aunt < PROPFEMALE > died this morning . 
my aunt died and not my uncle has a tumor in his brain . =\\ 
my new shoes have velcro on them ... 
i wanna know what little bitch thinks it funny to report everything i post on sites .... when i do nothing wrong .. a aww and a thats cute is NOT EXPLICIT CONTENT ! 
my uncle died tonight . I'm glad he does not have to suffer like he was anymore . 
http://meetjessica.weebly.com/ be nice to me please ? 
Screw you . 
Don't you even try to say that you know how i feel . 
dont think that you know how i feel , or that you can make it better , with those things i know are lies . 
Go away and leave me alone to rot in hell . 
I dont think you will ever understand . 
<3 
Go Screw urself . 
i has an ice cream cone . 
he ... cheated on me twice ... 
fishville wouldnt let me on , and i got on today and all my expensive and high lvl fish were dead =( 
Does he not get that i atleast miss him as a friend ? i dont want to be with him , i wanna know him again . even if its been years ... 
I hate life atm . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOO , I'm clashing ! with my red boxers and purple pants ! nooo 
i needs 5 bricks , 4 harnesses ....... 6 horseshoes and 2 nails .... O.O pweese ??? pweese pweese ? lol 
Why is it , when you want time to go fast is goes slower then school ? but weekends go by fast ........ grr 2 hours till 7 -_- 
It hurts when you fall for someone that will never fall back . 
i still needs stuff for my horse thingy =*( 
I ..... guess im going out tonight o.o 
Not sure why but it took me way to long to go find the stone of change . for these stupid Khyber dragonshard fragments 
No one can compare to him . 
Lost in a void of my own thoughts , surrounded by destruction that inevitably will be the downfall of everything I know and love . 
Talking to my bestest friend Griff and wondering why he is smiling at me the way he is . <3 
Such a futile conundrum of elusive concepts compiled\ 
together on the pages of a sociological textbook . 
is going to spaz when the power goes off while she's in the middle of this dungeon , been in it for over 45 < PROPFEMALE > ... 
is going to be lvling all day and night because her money is in the mail and the transfer limit wont let her have it , when she did the math and its right below what she can receive , grrr need vip access , no damn limits . 
is a very happy camper . But hopes a certain someone feels better soon ^-^ 
can now be a sucsessful business man , i tied my tie . 
is sad because her friend got her a +1 Anarchic Greatsword of Backstabbing , but its a Chaotic Alignment wep , and my paladin is lawful good , so it gave a neg effect on xp and such =[ =[ it glowed . 
is sad ... have to wait for my new itouch to sync , so i cant be on dnd -_- 
Damn thing posted ..... Kinda sick and lonely :( :( 
would give anything to be in his arms . 
woke up , and dropped the remote behind the bed . And im to sick and lazy to get it . Today isant going to be a good day . Call me XD 
is leaving Saturday for a bit , anyone gonna miss me ? 
Bye bye 
is in florida , kinda bored , wants to go home cuz she wants to play dnd and talk to some people . and then i woke up this mornign , and i cant get on myspace cuz it seems like my password has been changed , and it just made my morning < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > grand ....... sigh . 
Is feeling a sense of distressing melancholy and combating with the feelings and emotions that can’t be put away in box ; one thing that D&D cant fix this time . \ 
\ 
\Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness 
.. i dont want to wake up tomorrow , i want to stay in these dreams a little longer . 
.......... i got dnd on this computer , then forgot that it is a government issue computer , and blocked my access to it . spent alll that time getting it , and had to get rid of it after a little bit . sigh 
Comming home Sunday ............ game time O.O 
is in Florida still . hot as hell , i wear all black , me and the sun are not good friends because it burns my pale-ness .. just woke up , alot of food to be eaten , and i grab the pie . that says something . going home tomorrow . i want my room .. i want my stuff O.O , then Quenton is comming over =D never met him ... so mom wants to meet him first , even . tho im 18 -_- . ok im done now . 
.... you really upset me so much that i cant even cry about it anymore . good job . 
Home , kinda bored . 
just played d&d for 10 hours straight , i am one happy camper o.o 
has not been this happy in a while . 
Muhahahahaha , games time -grin- .... then family time .... i don't want to do family time i .. love my family .. but do not like spending long amounts of time with them ... O.O 
is listening to Wolfgang Amadeus Motzart's string quartet in D < PROPMALE > and still can't sleep . Sigh 
10 am yard maintance here I come ........ 
is sick of being put to the side and left out for ridiculous reasons by ignorant people . 
It's not a schooner ;\ 
It's a sailboat . 
\Life's greatest happiness is to be convinced we are loved . \ " \ 
260.255.3080 txt it if u need me . 
is pretty much .. mostly depressed today , so dnd all day sounds good to me i guess 
Life sucks ... My new hierling .... Has a monster . And unknown to me ..... It's a huge fiendish spider .... Bad ass looking . But I keep wanting to kill it . 
9 am yard work ... fun . 1 hour of sleep ... More fun . Haha 
is so going to an interracial party ... -cough-Jalisa-cough- <3 
Had fun at the party but missed < PROPFIRST > Griffiths , but he had to go to sleep and leave me =p <3 
Just linked my iPod to my comp and tv so I can change music and such from anywhere in the house haha . I'm a pathetic nerd . 
Muhahahaha gonna be a good day . If someone would get online . But he went out . O well . Call meh ! 
might go < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Traughber muhahahahahaha . sexy time !.. or chips and soda in the car going 50 in a 30 going who knows where .... 
is in love with his \i love yous \"." 
It is truly sad , when in less than 3 hours . I get my guild 360 renown points . When we had 0 . Lol I got all the points . New guild tomorrow I hope . 
is going to join the highest ranked guild in dnd tomorrow . score for < PROPFEMALE > . 
Blood work at 9 . Meh 
is thinking of making a guild named \The Game\ " and the guild message every single day will be \ " you lost\ " . Or ..... still seeing if im getting into the highest ranked guild . We shall see ... " 
watched and is still watching .... 6 movies in a row , still going lol . wish he was here to snuggle and watch with me <3 
Real tears are not those that fall from the eyes and cover the face , but those that fall from the heart and cover the soul . \ 
Why am I afraid to lose you when you're not even mine ... 
What is wrong with me ? 
to be honest right now ... i just need <3 Thomas Griffiths , < PROPFEMALE > Traughber and some other ppl to keep me happy . They should make me cookies , muffins , and or toast .... but i cant be to picky . 
Editing and polishing my paladin . Have to change stuff and gah ... Gonna be a long day . 
This is going to be the slowest week or so of my life . 
Im done with the pain , and the hurt . I'm sick of getting my hopes up , and having them crushed under twisted games of lies and deceit . Never good enough , or not enough . News flash , will never find anyone like me 
hypocritical bastard . 
is sooo ready for the < PROPMALE > raid . got flagged to raid last night . muhahahaha 
tonight , i thought was a good night , got my Chimera's crown ... and did some stuff ... but then i was told by someone i love so much , that i was not good enough because he could not see me in person . and he said to leave , and just go away . so i did . and i don't know how to deal with someone i thought would never hurt me , hurting me . he is the last person i thought would leave . i was wrong . 
I don't care about the distance , i just care about you . <3 
is watching < PROPMALE > Python and the Holy Grail and laughing to try to forget ignorant people . 
Just go away . 
Please don't let me lose you forever . \ 
( < PROPFEMALE > , go fuck yoourself , oh ? is it yourself ? my bad ) =P 
It's still such a futile conundrum of elusive concepts compiled together on the pages of a sociological textbook . 
Drafting a new house . Looks ok for a sketch . 
is completly done with all this drama , from now on , if you have drama . Do Not , pull me into it . Unless ur < PROPFEMALE > Traughber .. i have to.be in her drama . -_- cos i just have to be the best friend . Back to topic , if u are have an issue , ill be here to talk about it , but don't be pissed about it and push people away cos you don't think they understand .. i did that , i do that . Its not good . 
Is it posiable to be the happiest and the sadest you have ever been ? 
is watching The Simpsons , eating pudding , and missing him already . <3 
is dealing with something that has not happened in a while . got a Trogan . gen from a trusted torrent . that not good lol . im epic tho , so i can fix it . 
is sorta scared that < PROPFEMALE > Traughber has a key to my house now . lol 
One hours sleep ... < PROPFEMALE > Traughber at my house at 8 am . whats the world coming too . 
is designing < PROPFEMALE > Traughber's tattoos . <3 
Working on getting a movie converted for < PROPFIRST > . Froze my whole system haha 
Why am I burdened with the compassionate feelings I feel . Falling in love with someone , yet allowing myself to fade into the background of their life , cheering them on when they find that one special person , that was supposed to be me . Never allowing myself to be happy as well . 
Just got a text from < PROPFEMALE > Traughber while sitting right next to her . 
Fixed < PROPFEMALE > Traughber's computer , so fast and works well nows . teehee . <3 ' s < PROPFIRST > Griffiths . Layton Little so wants me cos I'm awesome . Sorry she who must not be named . This song is good . < PROPFEMALE > had a ok night . o.o 
is infuriated with the ignorance of todays society . 
right now i am still .. looking for ONE cd that i need for my computer . along the way so far i have found over 400 cds that are not what i want . 1000 pens and a hard cover copy of Great Expectations . Im stressed . 
just spent the past 5 or so hours , going into every hidden and closed file on my computer . to fix one problem . i fixed over a dozen problems , when i found a similarity between files in one area that were close or exactly the same as ones in a completely diff area . i had a worm . good night . ( got other stuff out too ) im getting cake . 
-_- get to talk to Ginder today . I hate life right now . 
thinks that is would be so nice if people would stop making promises , and then not fulfilling them . I am pretty annoyed with the people that i seem to have unconditional love for . All they do is cause pain , why do i still care ? 
Everyone say bye bye < PROPFEMALE > Traughber <3 lol 
is disappointed . 
Saw dinner for schmucks with < PROPMALE > today lol ^-^ 
Well . it really is true that i find how my friend really are on facebook . good thing the only true ones don't have it , or don't use it that much . <3 
has spent over 8 hours total fixing this computer for < PROPFEMALE > . I'm nearing the end of this very very long quest lol 
is laying in bed with < PROPFEMALE>'s computer , STILL working on it -_- it works well . then gets ble again lol . 
Is sitting on the couch at my grandmas house while < PROPMALE > boasts about all his sexy-ness and riches . 
is in no mood . 
People in the world , play it like a game of chess , controlling and inevitably sacrificing the pawns to win the game . But in the end , the < PROPMALE > always wins . 
is playing DnD , WC3 , drawing , and dancing around to techno , because your ignorance makes me so angry , that im happy enough to do all these fun things . 
woke up this morning and everything on her ipod was gone , all my apps . contacts . texts . data . gone . 
Is sitting on my bed in a towel while < PROPMALE > attempts to be gay . 
is sitting on her bed playing pokemon against herself . and yes , i have all my cards out and everything . 
tis 7 45 in the morning , and i gets to go to breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > . be jealous . Then tomorrow we start OLC and such . fun fun ! sitting in a room with people we know and dont like . <3 
First day at work was fun ^^ . < PROPFEMALE > picked me up . school in 40 < PROPFEMALE > . Bye bye 
Ya ... first day of work was fun , but i'm in pain , had to move stuff , pack it and put it all away . but she said that i was very very efficient . ^-^ . school was ....... i don't even have the word .. appalling ? atrocious ? insufferable ? not sure . no homework at all tho . only AR , but i only need 5 points and it does not matter the lvl . so ya . game time . 
has hit the boundary of love and devotion to the one that is so far , and the one that could be . Distance can be covered if effort is made , but , at what price is the devastating outcome of waiting for that day , and the death that begins to rot inside the heart and kills the soul . Is the price of happiness a dead heart , or a lost love ? 
Is at the studio 13 with < PROPFEMALE > . Woohoo . Get to watch her get branded for life . Tehe 
... Guess ... Jessica has a boyfriend . 
Going to work tata for now . 
hmm ..... only time will reveal the answers to the uncertainties that are unfolding in the vast voids of my mind . 
is sitting on TS talking to some guildies about some raids and the new content , interesting content , might run a full of the orchard , and get some stuff from teh vale . bye bye 
got hurt at work . Leg is killing me . 
messed up her arm badly . 
You Lost . 
Hmm < PROPFEMALE > now has defined muscle in her arms and legs . A thinner neck and face , flatter back and tummy . And the lines that were up on her tummy are flat and can hardly be seen . Boo ... ya 
Guild meeting ... right now , and i feel sick , this sucks 
is still at home sick , missing < PROPFIRST > Griffiths , but hes to busy playing Reach to talk to meh =p \ 
You lost . <3 
Got my eggs and toast , wheres my kiss and hug ? 
i miss you already 
Is reading stuff by < PROPMALE > Shan ... supposed to be reading this other book . Not as interesting tho . 
obviously i miss you , because i have eaten probably 10 pieces of toast today 
< PROPFIRST > Griffiths ; a kiss for every second i thought about you today\ 
comes out to 86,400 kisses , lets get started 
I love you < PROPFIRST > Dakin Griffiths 
I Love you < PROPFIRST > , why cant you tell them like i tell all these people . 
I miss you so much , where did you go ? 
got batteries at the walmart today , and i have gotten some weird stuff in the package for free , but never with batteries have i gotten a glue stick . 
Woke up at 3am . And watched goldfinger . 
i misses my bestest friend , atleast i gets to talk to her on the phone . i loves you < PROPFEMALE > ! and i suppose < PROPFIRST > as well . by default i suppose =p 
Been waiting for this event all year , and its ruined , piss off 
Is gonna watch the < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show today . 
Missed him alllllll day . 
What's the point in sleeping , if you are not here to keep the nightmares away ? 
is watching bbc to try and be happy 
Playing a little wow today . Still to easy . 
i dont like seeing things i dont want to read . so in the next few days ill be deleting everyone that isant my guildie , close close friend , or someone that interacts or says interesting things k . starting now . 
Got my new Honda civic just now with a big red bow on it . 
-yawn- you are sooooooo fulllll of crappppppppp 
man ... great fucking day ... then my mom breaks my toaster . 
I can't sleep when I miss you like this . 
i have never felt this cold and empty . jsut go away 
Don't mind us we're just spilling our guts\ 
If this is love i don't wanna be loved\ 
You pollute the room with a filthy tongue\ 
Watch me choke and so I can throw it up . \ 
If this is love i don't wanna be hanging by the neck\ 
Before a knotty kiss of death 
second computer .... is not working and working well . doesnt really make me smile that much ... meh 
-.- facebook wants me ... really erally wants me to add .. the guy who is friends with my ex ... who told me that my he was sleeping with another girl while we were together XD what the hell ? 
not untill you singe a song do u truely relize why he sent it to you . the feelings he couldnt put into words . 
ooo ..... update 8 is soooooo prettyfulllllllll i is so exited O.O 
Guess I'm done with highschool 
who wants to come over and keep me company ? 
one of the best days i have had in a while . 
just made ... fettuccine parmesan < PROPMALE > with broccoli sauteed scallops .... but have no one to eat it with me . 
Very very very very sick 
I just got gifts outside my front door . ^.^ 
Project steal moms car and hand clean all of it while she is sleeping , and get it back before she wakes up , and before the soup in the cup on my desk gets cold was a success . soup time 
-deep breath and stretch- go screw yourself . 
i am my mothers live-in IT person -.- 
mmmm made coco , and took chocolate and shaved it into the coco and put hand made whip cream on top . mmmmm now i need a man to come drink some with me . can go to the other house and turn on the fireplace ..... mmmmm lol 
Need to clean . Turn in apps and get more . Anyone want to help me ? ( prop none of u ) 
cant wait to send < PROPFIRST > Blackburn all his gifts <3 
Is watching A Clockwork Orange 
< PROPFEMALE>'s life as of 8am , bitch still trying to take my man , saying stuff and pissing me off . sleepy , got a bunch of stuff and made a breakfast stir fry . missing .... someone . but hes being all sad . but i have way to much to think about right now . sigh 
cleared my drive , my just washed , dried and softly smooth hair ... was frozen , then i went over and helped me neighbor clear her drive , and i think my hair may break apart haha 
Everything is falling apart . 
Somebody's supposed to tear this place apart until you find me hiding , Silently I wait . \ 
You'll be excited just to see me someday , everything's okay . \ 
Love , Don't forget to bleed so slowly . 
deleting people who have not had a damn thing to do with me for more than a month . bye bye 
im sitting here , reading these chats that have been locked away tight , reading the words we used to say ... we were so in love , what happened ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is eating chocolates that include the following things in them .... yogurt , marzipan , praline , cornflakes . and a butter biscuit . all made in Germany , and imported right to meh , yummys 
he was the best ting since < PROPFIRST > left ... and now hes left too 
is in a sad mood . but laughing and smiling , by messing with < PROPFEMALE > Mariee and her little baby bieber 
i sit here eating the marshmallows from my cereal in happiness and extatic joy .. untill they are all gone and i eat the other pieces with a grimace on my un-happy face . 
Got into Itt tech 
I'm going to go pay someone who isn't expecting is a little visit . 
I ... went to bed watching a .. Wrong Turn marathon ... and i wake up to ... The Cheetah Girls Movie ... these 2 types a films should not be on the same network ! 
oh wow we all did a dance scene cos we were all angry about each others views but now cos we understand each other we are best friends ! that never really happens . i don't go up to the ppl that hate me and say dance and the problems will be gone ! they would hit me hahaha 
sigh , and singing and walking on a bridge doesn't solve issues ether . i want my blood and horror back , its more forward , u run away or i eat ur leg ... its very simple . not much fluffy drama around it . open the door and i chop ur hand off ... and give ur thumb to my infant .. its more blunt . haha 
Everything i had is pretty much gone . whats the good of school or anything , if you have no one to share it with . 
Mom pulled me out of ITT tech . Sucks , I was actually exited . 
is it strange that if im awake at 2 am .. i crave an apple ... and if im asleep .. i wake up .. and want an apple ... at 2 in the morning .. every day ...? then i sleep when im done eating it ... 
lol . messing with < PROPFEMALE > Mariee is a fun activity i will never get tired of . 
hm . not sure why but most of everything im posting is vanishing . owell 
You can't just listen , you have to understand . 
Well , i not have hooked up my ipod .. to my tv , computers and 3 surround sound stereos ... at the same time , dont ask why . but i am pretty happy with myself . 
Should i get my hair cut ? O.O 
Really was to good to be true . 
Life isn't fair . 
I just ate ... a new can of pringles ... 6 cookies ... a pack of crackers ... milk .. coco ... soda ... and i still cant feel better 
Watch this ... ready for it ? i'm over it . 
This is going to be an amazing week . 
Hey , ya know what < PROPFEMALE > needs ? anything from The Great Gatsby , any of the questions , Socratic seminars .. anything . if u have some . tell me please . 
nothing could ruin this day . 
C : 
Gr watching the rugrats . But I wanna go sleep so time will move faster . 
This morning while playing an rpg on my iPod I had a hot pocket sitting next to me . I have a feeling it was offended when I just ignored it like that ; so it called me a nerd . I looked at it and said nerd this , and took a bite . It burned my tongue . I lost that battle . 
Please don't let this week of pure happiness end . 
Damn this site , still getting rid of things i post lol . owells . 
Why . 
well ..... the happy is pretty much gone . sigh 
huh . people who lie .... always lie ... 
There are no words to say what i want to say anymore . 
I < PROPFEMALE > , made < PROPMALE > Kitchen ' s day . my day is complete . 
< PROPFEMALE > is playing Doom 64 . who wants to come keep me company ? 
I'm soooo lazy . Someone turn my computers on for me . I don't wanna get out of bed . 
I have found since i moved to Indiana .. that in < PROPFEMALE > this hardly ever happened ... where the ppl i want to be friends with ... know my family , or their family knows people in my family when i would have never guessed it . In < PROPFEMALE > , i didn't know my dr. personally as in she knew my cousin ... and comes to family parties ... weird place Indiana is . 
Hm . wonder if im going to katies ' tonight . if not , nothing to do . 
Fuck the snow . i cant speed around for no reason without drifting against my drifting will . 
Can't sleep . Need cuddle . 
Have to take food to 2 clients and milk fir < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Wish me luck lol 
Can't Wait till Saturday <3 
I need to put clothes in the wash for a kinda date tomorrow . and mom said no , cos shes washing clothes . 
and now i cant even bring my kinda date to my house ... i love being 18 and having rules for the first time in my fucking life 
is going to draw all of the skelanimals . 
I can say it in over 17 languages ;\ 
Wo ie ni\ 
Jeg elsker dig\ 
Ik hou < PROPFIRST > jou\ 
Je t'<PROPFEMALE>me\ 
Ich liebe dich\ 
< PROPFEMALE > o < PROPFEMALE > shiteru\ 
Aishiteru\ 
Te amo\ 
Ya lyublyu tebya\ 
Jag älskar dig\ 
Can someone just say it in one ? 
Have to leave no later than 9am . Mom didn't clear my side of the drive . I know she pulled this shit on purpose 
Someone cleared my half of the drive and I was up this morning to do it . And mom is angrier than anything at me . Like it's my fault someone else did it . 
I'm sorry . 
I haven't felt this much pain in a while . 
Very unsettled . 
since no one is home and i dont wanna do much , hardstyle and fantasy online ... sounds fun 
Is watching advanced dungeons and dragons , funny , sad , and amazing . 
Tis not fair . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > helped me re-build my pally , but i hardly get to play it , sad sad day 
I miss you . 
I ... just was used . and it only makes me hate life more . 
