does not want to be at work today 

It just wasn't meant to be ... 
is excited about her birthday today ! 
had a great weekend , but my roof is leaking again-grrrrrrr ! 
is starting a new project 
Is back among the living after being sick with a migraine and stomach virus 
looking for something to do this weekend 
is excited about her raise with backpay and bonus ! 
had a great rehearsal Thursday night , saw < PROPFIRST > Finnegan's Sister on Friday night-hysterical !, sang at mass on Saturday , saw Children of < PROPFEMALE > on Sunday afternoon-phenominal !, watched the last Next Food Network < PROPFEMALE > with Mama Sunday night and somehow agree 
now remembers why she doesn't buy clothes that require dry cleaning . $42 for 2 dresses ? Daddy always says education is not cheap , but come on ... 
is excited she has internet at home-thanks , JR ! 
is sooooo tired because she didn't get much sleep because her air conditioning is broke ... Again ! 
is restless . I want so many things , material , non material , feelings and am trying to figure out the best way to get everything ... 
TGIF ! 
is so excited that the psalm I sang this evening at church was awesome ! 
had a good audition for the Shreveport Opera last night , but won't hear anything until September ... 
It is God's plan , not mine ... maybe if I say it enough I will start to believe and live it . I know He giggles a lot over what I think is my sense of control 
is enjoying a beer after a long week ! 
\Life is a banquet and most poor suckers are starving to death ! \"" 
was very happy to sleep in today after a long week ! 
has had enough of bugs this weekend ! Sneaky-ass waterbug from last night playing dead , should have caught on that he wasn't there when I sat down at the computer . He jumped , I jumped and it scared the mess out of me , but it's ok , he took a bad beating and then a long ride down the permanent waterslide ! 
is glad her deadline is over ! Pray that nothing goes wrong and that the applications will be approved ! Maybe now I can go back to normal ! 
is lonely , which is ironic because I am busy with work and rehearsal , but I am 
almost has her dining room rearranged with her new computer , so she can move her mouse more than an inch and a half . Amazing ! But it looks like my keyboard died in the process . Sad . Only broke one nail so far . Sad . But found no bugs . Awesome ! Progress . 
is ready to sing 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > last night/this morning for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ! 
is \fall\ " cleaning " 
is sooooo busy with work , the show and a life outside of those two , wait , I don't have that yet ! 
had fun last night singing karoke at < PROPFIRST>'s birthday 
stayed up too late to , proof is in the spelling karaoke * 
Does anyone know where I can get an old fashioned bicycle pump to borrow for the show for the next 3 weeks ? 
so happy she has a day off of work and rehearsal ! 
says the show \The Diviners\ " opens Friday- you should come and see it ! " 
wishes she could take a nap 
Is your house clean if you have clutter ? 
I haven't gotten to watch any football because of rehearsal and the show , but LA Tech looked good last night against Hawaii ; their coach isn't hard on the eyes either ! 
One more hour until the weekend ! 
I feel like a moron ! Blackouts go at the end of the scene , not in the middle !!!! 
Anyone want to go to the Revel tonight ? 
I went to the Revel with Mom , it was great weather and great fun ! 
is sad that the Serra Club disbanned 
I wish I was on fall break ... 
says it is turning out to be a good day , there is sunshine , I had lunch with Dad , but a filing cabinet and have tickets to the opening Mudbugs game ! 
bought * a filing cabinet 
had a great weekend , Mudbugs game with < PROPFEMALE > on Friday , game night with friends on Saturday and survived Walmart on Sunday , but now feels like she is getting sick 
so I was watching Quantum of Solace last night , waiting for the poker game and kept thinking to myself , I don't remember the girl lead being that orange , when I realized , 15 minutes before it was over , that this is not Casino Royale ... 
had tons of fun this weekend with Twilight Girls Night , Man of La Mancha and the Halloween Carnival ! Busy , busy , busy ! 
worked off her frustration of answering stupid questions at lunch by doing two loads of laundry and a load of dishes , now it is back to work to answer more questions ... 
Looks to be another busy weekend , Mudbugs vs . Brahmas tonight , Rhapsody in View by Centenary Choir and maybe the fair ! I also need to finish house work , but who wants to think about that ? 
So the Mudbugs lost 6-4 :( It looked like they might do something in the last 2 minutes , but sadly not 
says lessons learned this weekend : 1 ) functions better during non daylight savings time 2 ) should have done at least laundry in the much needed house work-had no jeans this morning 3 ) will never underestimate a sport or physical activity again 
Don't ask if things can get worse , they can 
How come the movies I initially don't want to see end up being some of my favorites ? Just watched an awesome one that made me laugh , cry and want a happily ever after . 
So I was watching < PROPFEMALE > and the Bachelor , made in 1957 with < PROPFEMALE > Reynolds , and I was wondering who is this cute romantic lead and why haven't I seen him in more movies ? Then the credits rolled and I about fell of my couch , the part of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was played by < PROPFIRST > Nielsen . Yes , ladies and gentlemen , Mr. Magoo himself , spoof genius , < PROPFIRST > Nielson ! 
Does anyone want to go see < PROPFIRST > Aldean tomorrow night with me ? I have one extra ticket . Sorry for the late notice . 
had an AWESOME time last night at the < PROPFIRST > Aldean concert ! < PROPFEMALE > won back stage passes and we each got an autograph and a picture with him ! 
had another awesome night on Saturday seeing < PROPMALE > Maher and < PROPFIRST > W . Smith , will post picutres soon ! 
Brrrrrrr Welcome to November ! 
So I think that my best friend needs to change his screen name- keep in mind it is supposed to be \How ya be doin'\ " with a Madea accent but it says howyabederin@ ... which is not a secret he is interested or one that I shared with him . hehe " 
Thank God it's Friday ! 
Had our first Nativity Play rehearsal yesterday ! It is all casted and 45 kids is a lot ! Does anyone know how to say sit/stand still any other way than that ? I had a blast ! 
hopes today goes by quickly , I have a lot to do before my brother comes in town ! 
enjoyed her four days off , and should worked on the house more , but < PROPFEMALE > and I had a good time ! 
is excited about our family portraits-they came out great ! 
could have so stayed snuggled up in bed for another couple of hours 
doesn't feel very well today 
says sometimes it is the little things in life that you get the biggest kick out of 
has no idea when she is going to go Christmas shopping ... 
is upset that her fish have ick 
wonders what a director is supposed to do when not one , not two , but three children recast themselves at the last dress rehearsal before the Nativity play on Sunday ... 
the Nativity Play was awesome ! The kids did so good and I am very proud . Makes me wonder what all the stress was about ... 
Is off in 2 hours ! 
Once she had someone who loved her , back when she was younger . Now she wonders if she held out a little bit too long . Back then there were so many , now there just aren't any it seems like all the good ones are gone-Pam Tillis 
is ready for the new year 
don't tell me what my New Year's resolutions should and shouldnt be ... grrrrrr 
Ok , I give up ! Monday , I called my apartment complex and asked them to fix my shower drain that was clogged . After a pious and explanatory speech about how to catch hair from going down the drain ( which I already do , by the way ) , she said that it would be fixed in the next day or so . On Tuesday , maintenance snaked my drain and left me a lovely present in my bathroom trashcan ( gross ) . To be continued 
It is now draining so well that it will not retain bathwater . I discovered this in the middle of shaving . When the water level got to an uncomfortable level , I decided to refill the tub , forgetting that our lovely boiler system takes 8 years to heat up water . So I finished shaving in lukewarm water and then realized the whole endeavor was in vain , as the weather is going to be in the teens tomorrow . 
and all I heard was bump , bump as I was thrown under the bus ! 
black 
thinks I am going to be ok 
is back at work , too bad my day off yesterday wasn't just for fun ... 
What gives ?! My retarded apartment complex has caution taped us out of our mail boxes ! With no explanation ! Really , you are going to stop me from getting my mail ?! It's mainly bills anyway , but it is still mine ! Time to move , I think so . 
Starburst , my fish died . I am sad . 
How is that for retro ? 
feels revived and full of grace 
is excited it's Friday ! 
I have become one the masses . I began reading Twilight by < PROPFEMALE > Meyer . I started Friday night at 10 pm and am on Chapter 16 already . < PROPFEMALE > , I think I am going to need the other three pretty quick ... 
My sister , < PROPFEMALE > , saved me , I started on New < PROPFEMALE > last night and she gave me Eclipse too , so I will be ok ... 
had a great time last night with my < PROPFIRST > , a couple of drinks and < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > of the Desert last night at Korner Lounge 
had weird dreams last night , guess I shouldn't read before bed ... 
Arachnoleptic Fit ( n . ) : The frantic dance performed just after you've accidentally walked through a spider web . 
is disappointed . My truck is broke and < PROPFIRST > , the mechanic , thinks it might be my computer , though he is not 100% sure ... 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name . ( had to jump on the band wagon ) 
is ready for this long week to be over ... 
had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > last night eating , shooting pool and dodging their attempts to get me inebriated enough to dance 
so , it's not the computer , it is a short in the ignition ($330 ); he also informed me that I need a new water pump ... 
has her truck back and is soooooo happy now . I will be scheduling the water pump appointment shortly ... 
slept 12 hours last night- was great ! 
wants to sing 
got roses from my two favorite boys , dinner at Kobe's from my favorite guy and chocolates from Mama and Grandpa for < PROPFIRST>'s Day-not bad for no boyfriend ... 
has her truck back ! Yaaaaaaay ! 
is tired from being at work at 6:50 am , need a nap ... 
wishes her voice could take her places ... 
Dear Esther : I will relinquish my future husband rights to < PROPFIRST > Aldean and save 12 years of friendship if I can have < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > all to myself . Love , < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFEMALE > and I now have Sugarland/Luke < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Dunham tickets ! 
Go Mudbugs ! 
Do not turn down your alarm clock because you think it is too loud , when you are half asleep , you will not hear it the next time it goes off ... 
Happy 87th Birthday to my wonderful Grandpa Hood ! 
Ah , Wednesday , where you can no longer have the Monday blues , but it still too early to be excited about Friday . I often wonder if it has the longest spelling because it is the longest day of the week ... 
I burned my finger on the toaster oven at work . Why would anyone put a metal strip along the top of the door , near the handle ? Any way you grab the handle you get burned . Grrrrrrrrrrrr 
is excited about singing this weekend ! 
had a fun-filled theatre weekend . I saw < PROPFEMALE > Swim Club on Friday night and La Boheme on Saturday night . I sang Sunday morning at church , got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my nephews at the park and , to finish it off , had my monthly date with my best guy . 
Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
has decided to dedicate this year to organization and cleaning up the clutter in my life , next year husband hunting ... lol 
saw a great Mudbugs game last night ! 5-0 over Missouri ! Awesome !!! 
says if you have not seen Complete Works of Shakespeare ( Abridged ) , you should ! It is hysterical-awesome job < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > and Nate ! 
got caught up on her Netflix movies ( had one from January ) . I realized I have seen most of the movies < PROPFIRST > McAvoy has starred in and I am still trying to decide if I like him or not ... 
Answer to why people get married : We need a witness to our lives . There's a billion people on the planet ... I mean , what does any one life really mean ? But in a marriage , you're promising to care about everything . The good things , the bad things , the terrible things , the mundane things ... all of it , all of the time , every day . You're saying ' Your life will not go un-witnessed because I will be your witness ' . \ " , 201 0-0 3-25 13:52:47 " 
is spring cleaning 
got a pretty Easter dress this weekend . 
saw an awesome 3-1 victory last night with Mudbugs vs . Colorado Eagles . #5 < PROPMALE > Pszenyczny came flying out of the penalty box , lined up with the puck and shot a goal right over the goalie's head ! 
is nervous 
is better , it went very well last night . What a beautiful mass , I can't wait for Easter ! 
I hate pollen . 
had a great Easter , save the waterbug at 4:45 am , but over all great day ! 
says THANK YOU SO MUCH , < PROPFIRST > , for helping me e-file my taxes ! Woohoo , now I can pay for my cruise ! 
YaY ! Friday ! 
This is the day that the Lord has made , let us rejoice and be glad . This is the day that the Lord has made , let us rejoice and be glad . 
can't decide what is worse , my car needing to be fixed or me ... 
thinks her smoke detector died . Which I was grateful for at 6 am this morning . It beeped 3 times and then kinda groaned . Guess I will check the battery when I get home . 
is sleepy 
is excited all the stuff going on this weekend ! 
ah , Tuesday . I am so glad that Monday is over 
turning out to be a good day- a chair massage and flowers-thank you to my generous boss ! 
Happy Birthday to my Daddy ! 
looking forward to singing tonight at rehearsal 
is sad . My gold fish Skittles died last night . 
please pray for Mama 
is leaving tomorrow to go and see < PROPFEMALE > graduate from Officer Candidate School . Congratulations , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
feels like poo 
come and see Butterflies are Free at East Bank Theatre . It opens tomorrow , May 7th and runs this weekend and next . It is a very funny show with great cast . 
had a busy weekend , luckily have 3 days to recover before we start the show again ! Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight , so excited ! 
is excited ! After over two years of searching I have finally found a turkey sandwich that matches the one I used to get a Cook's Culinary ! Thanks Uncle < PROPFIRST > ! 
has bought her plane ticket for her cruise ! 
is excited about this new chapter in her life 
so this past Sunday , I took my niece < PROPFEMALE > to my apartment , so I could change out of my church clothes and as soon as we walked in she asked me , \Where is your dog ? \ " Am I not normal ? " 
Almost Friday and a three day weekend ! Headed to Dallas-road trip ! 
had a great time in < PROPFIRST > with < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
When I know that I know ; What You have down the road ; When I’m sure that I’ve figured You out , help me see that I’m small ; That I can’t know it all ; ‘Cause You’re so unpredictable 
< PROPFEMALE > said : Don't lower your standards . You should be looking for your knight in shining armor , not a loser in crumpled tin foil . 
so Friday night , < PROPFEMALE > and I decided to be spontaneous and drive to Ruston for the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > concert , only to find out when we got there that it was sold out ! Saturday night we tried again to act our age and she , < PROPFIRST > and I saw ( I shit you not ) a midget comedian at Funny Bone . I am headed to Korner Lounge for karaoke to see what else I can get into ... 
so Daddy is right , education is not cheap . $230 later , I have my passport application filed ... 
got new make up and is excited to try it out ! 
When we sing in praising God , we inhale the Holy Spirit and exhale love 
I am getting a brand new air conditioning unit- inside and out , according the maintenance man who was installing it over lunch- YAAAAAYYYYYY ! 
I am determined to make today a good day . Yesterday is done ( Thank God ) . Today is a new day ! 
Sing a new song unto the Lord ! Let your song be < PROPFIRST > from mountains high ! Sing a new song unto the Lord , singing Alleluia ! 
got my passport ! 2 weeks until my cruise ! 
had a great time at the < PROPMALE > Goyke , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Sugarland concert on Saturday night ! 
Tuesday and I don't seem to be getting along . I think I will stay home next Tuesday ... 
is excited about seeing Jefafa DUN-HAAM . com tonight ! 
wishes she could still jazz run 3 hours a day with the band and barely get winded ... 
has started gathering clothes and items to pack for my cruise . I have to keep reminding myself that it is just nine days ... it is just nine days ... you do not need the kitchen sink ... 
has one extra ticket for Eclipse tonight at 6:30 pm on the Boardwalk . Anyone want to go with our group to help celebrate my birthday ? 
had a great time last night with < PROPFEMALE > Long , < PROPFEMALE > Weiland , < PROPFEMALE > Wynn , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Hamilton , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > watching Eclipse . My favorite part were all the sighs in the theatre , including my own , every time we saw < PROPMALE > ! 
Thank you for all of the birthday wishes ! I will see all of you when I get back on Sunday , July 11th ! 
is back from her cruise and back to work . I had an awesome time ! I will upload pictures and pass out souvenirs as soon as I get them sorted . 
Look at my pictures ! 
So , < PROPFEMALE > , the boys and I went to Gatti's Pizza for dinner and the arcade . We shut down the arcade and turned in our credits for next time . When he was recording them , he asked for our boyfriends ' names in case someone else brought the boys . I laughed ; he said he had to ask . < PROPFEMALE > explained that neither of us had a boyfriend . As we were leaving he ran up to us and gave < PROPFEMALE > a piece of paper , she got his number ! 
does not feel well 
St. < PROPFEMALE > , Pray for us that we might serve Jesus better . Help us to overcome our distractions and worries to listen to his words and be present to him this day . 
needs more sleep 
brilliant move of washing all of the casual clothes before the dress clothes , now I am scrambling for something to wear to church ... 
cleaned all yesterday afternoon and evening . Feel a little productive , now to tackle the grocery store list ... 
This is who I am , if you don't like it-get over it 
so $200 and 6 trips up the stairs later , I have groceries . Sometimes I wish for a boyfriend ... 
This week has not been good for my health , I hope nothing happens tomorrow and that next week is better . 
another hour until the weekend begins ! 
is going to < PROPFEMALE > out with Mama tonight . I really missed her when she went to Kansas City , MO 
blah 
wants to do something fun tonight . Anyone game ? Any ideas ? 
Really ? Now ? 
needs a prayer request . My Grandpa Hood had a minor stroke yesterday morning ( < PROPFEMALE > ) . His left leg and arm were weak and lost some feeling . They kept him in the hospital overnight last night . I don't know what prayer to offer other than , let your will be done ... 
I am losing the familiar , I'm not sure of anything . Every new day it's a new world that's quick to steal my dreams . But the path of least resistance wasn't meant for me to take . I'm learning who I am on the way . ~ On The Way by < PROPFEMALE > Hart 
is slowly becoming a night owl 
I have a new favorite verse , Psalm 28:7 : The LORD is my strength and my shield ; my heart trusts in him , and I am helped . My heart leaps for joy and I will give thanks to him in song . 
is enjoying relaxing with pizza , beer and a movie 
is excited about singing tonight ! 
had a jam-packed weekend . Highlights : surprising < PROPFEMALE > at BWW ; drinking shots and bar hopping with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Mom and < PROPFEMALE > ; eggs < PROPMALE > ; freer singing and leading a new song ; victory with a 8.9 second ride ; Sister’s 70th anniversary mass ; lunch with Grandpa ; 2 ½ nap ; Captains win 11-2 ! 
Guess what ! Tomorrow is Friday !!!! 
should have taken a lesson from watching < PROPFIRST > Myers in Halloween . Always make sure that your enemy is dead before leaving the scene ... 
is seeking a single , straight , Catholic male-age 25-35 ; who appreciates live theatre , list making and the < PROPMALE > of cuddling . Must be able to handle large families , neurotic tendencies over birthdays and occasional melt-downs over stressful situations . Must have s**t together . A good voice and cooking skills a plus . Applications available upon request . This is not an equal opportunity position , bums need not apply . 
had a busy weekend . I need another day to recover . 
Knock . Knock . 
says this week has moved soooo slow , but I get to sing tonight and tomorrow is FRIDAY ! Yay ! 
is cranky 
don't ask questions that you do not want the answers to 
is looking for a rent house . Let me know if you have any suggestions . 
is so ready for October . Planning on the Revel , the State Fair and the corn maze ! 
is dealing with a lot right now . Extra prayers ( especially for < PROPFEMALE > ) are appreciated . Thanks in advance . 
is better . Things are working out . Why did I ever doubt Him ? 
thinks I may have tricked the hamster , we will see tonight ... 
had a lot of fun at the Revel last night . Having friends with connections is the only way to go ! 
is a spaz 
had a crazy , awful dream last night 
did not sleep well and is a little cranky ... 
Go Mudbugs !! 
is ready for today to be over ... 
despises things that waste my time ! 
I love my < PROPFIRST > for figuring out how to transfer my 183 contacts from my ancient phone and sim card to my new phone , when the sales tech said it couldn't be done ! 
is feeling better and back at work , now to play catch up 
had an awesome time in New Orleans with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
started packing last night . 
is ready to sing tonight , need to get rid of some of this stress 
is so ready for daylight savings time to end 
Anyone interested in < PROPMALE > labor . I need some help moving boxes into storage so I can pack some more 
Nevermind , I did it myself , well got them to the car anyway . However , anyone interested in helping me move next weekend , any time , would be greatly appreciated . 
is MOVED !!! Thank you to all of the wonderful people that helped . I have just a little bit left at the apartment , like towels ( that was fun this morning ) . I will send out house warming invitations soon . 
is really sore ... but we get to pick up the refrigerator today- now need to figure out the dryer situation and possibly a dishwasher . 
is cranky . Beware . 
is much better . Amazing what decent sleep will do . I will be working on the house this weekend . Let me know if you want to come and see it or help ( hint hint ) . 
Get ready Shreveport-Bossier . The < PROPMALE > Clan descends today to celebrate Thanksgiving , Grandma's 80th birthday and a mini family reunion ! 
wants to go dancing . Anyone want to go ? 
has so many other things that I would rather be doing than working ... 
has cable , but no internet yet ( complications with a wrong rate code ) . I am also hoping to have a dryer on Saturday ! So excited !!! 
Her name was < PROPFIRST > , like her country . And like her country , she was a maze of contradictions-rebellion and poetry , passion and moodiness . She was strong enough to fight for her beliefs , stubborn enough to fight on after a cause was lost , and generous enough to give whatever she had . She was a woman with soft skin and a tough mind . She had sweet dreams and towering ambitions . 
\Women and cats will do as they please and men and dogs should just relax and get used to the idea . \ " ~ Robert A . Heinlein . Maybe that is why I am a cat person ... " 
had a wonderful weekend . 
has a church obligation every night this week . Guess I will be really holy at the end of it . 
If this prayer wasn't meant for me , I don't know what was : Saint < PROPFIRST > III , it's hard to stand still and wait for God to do his work . Sometimes I doubt God's providence . I'm afraid that God's plan won't work out unless I push it along . Help me , when I'm confused , to stop , pray , and wait for God . Amen 
I do not like 8:00 am EST meeting/conference calls . 
is working on my college bowl picks for the office pool . I need help with five match ups , anyone want to help me ? I picked 30 by myself ( proud ? you should be ) . It is due Friday . Thanks in advance . 
My Nativity Play kids did so good on Sunday in \Listen to the Angels\ " . I am so proud of them . " 
is 
5 days off ! Count down T-minus 1 hour and 10 minutes 
was going to fight with Comcast tonight to get my internet hooked up , but I think I will watch the National Championship game instead . I am proud of myself with my 20-14 picks . ( Thanks < PROPFIRST > and Matt-who only helped with 5 ) 
Is pissed off with Comcast and is going to go talk to them at lunch . I may switch to satellite TV and DSL internet . 
is sorting through some things and about to make some decisions . 
Gently you raise me and heal my weary soul , \ 
You lead me by pathways of righteousness and truth , \ 
my spirit shall sing the music of your Name . 
I have decided to term this year the \clean up\ " year ... " 
thinks I am getting old when I get excited that my Friday night consists of getting into my comfortable sweat pants and organizing my pantry with my new shelves ... 
wow , that was a morning , hoping this afternoon is better ... 
Thinks that this cold my go away by tomorrow , so I can sing . Yay !!! 
well I thought wrong . My cold has not gone away . I was able to sing on Saturday , but between that and two Mudbugs games , I have no voice . 
hates coughs 
can sing again ! YAAAAYYYYY ! 
Thank God It's Friday !! 
Saint < PROPFIRST > of Rome , help us to see the difference between what we want to do and what God wants us to do . Help us to discern what comes from our will and what comes from God's < PROPFEMALE > . Amen 
is getting excited about the show ! Come and see Godspell at the Performing Arts Center of First United Methodist Church-downtown Texas Street . We open Friday , March 25th and only run one weekend . Prior planning is best done in advance ... 
Sorry in advance , < PROPFIRST > . I had a wonderful weekend with the boyfriend . 
Does it bother anyone else that when you scroll down on your Facebook home < PROPFEMALE > , that the comment box , and like status are not in line with the correct post ? It is really starting to irritate me that I cannot read someone's post because it is covered up by my potential comment box , when I may not even comment ... Grrrr 
thinks I may have adjusted to the time change finally ... 
final dress tonight . Come and see Godspell this weekend ! Only one weekend ! 
loved doing the show , but didn't have much of a weekend . It's only Tuesday ... come on Friday ! 
is playing catch up and wonders if I will ever be caught up 
