saw Year One and is totally man-crushing on < PROPFIRST > Cera 

just got back from the beach and is finding sand in places I never knew existed . 
happy 12:34:56 7/8/09 ( hawaii time ) 
some call me the gangster of love 
\Gas with oily discharge\ " ... sometimes I read the side effects on the medicine and I'd rather just keep the original problem . " 
very angry at typing maniac , but a new episode of < PROPMALE > Pains should fix that . 
1,353,678 on typing maniac ? Beast . 
even the best fall down sometimes , even the wrong words seem to rhyme 
finished learning Collide by Howie Day . 
finally retired the fro profile picture after 14 months :3 
got iLife ' 09 for free ! 
is watching season 1 of The Big Bang Theory and loving it . 
had a productive couple of days and has finished ( and thoroughly enjoyed ) season 2 of The Big Bang Theory . 
driving slow on Sunday morning , and I never want to leave . 
pull me Closer to Love 
maybe I will tell you all about it when I'm in the mood to lose my way with words 
accidentally played footsies with a crossdressing man on the bus 
got a haircut :| 
learned Lost by < PROPFIRST > Buble 
finished How I Met Your Mother , anyone have any recommendations for a new show addiction ? 
will never play the farm game 
gotta get that boom boom boom 
maybe forgiveness is right where you fell 
is industriously trying to learn Comfortable by < PROPFIRST > Mayer 
onward to Dark Blue by < PROPFIRST>'s Mannequin 
if I could walk on water , if I could tell you what's next 
having lots of fun with my new USB mic and guitar 
a gecko jumped on my leg in the shower -- is nothing sacred ? 
\brrrapa mmt pop ohmmdee\ " - < PROPFIRST > mraz " 
could fall asleep in those eyes like a water bed 
new guitar finally came ! with a crack on the bottom ... epic fail 
anybody else like to find random events you weren't invited to and click Not Attending ? 
its like < PROPFIRST > Mayer reads my mind then writes songs 
out to waianae for the weekend 
loco moco 
is amazed at the quality of so many musicians at HBA 
used a garage door opener for the first time today ! It was a very emotional moment . 
cant stop speaking pidgin since working at the waianae childrens shelter 
had a very tasty Okinawan Festival 
lost and insecure , You found me 
printed out All of Me by < PROPFIRST > Schmidt ... this could take a while 
something about USC football 
Glee is pretty cool 
omg a new < PROPFIRST > brown book 
2 hour maintenance for bejeweled ? this is madness ! 
the right to be ridiculous is something I hold dear 
got paid and ended up at the mall . oh well . 
just played rockband for 8 straight hours 
finally got my license ! time to develop bad driving habits 
transfer app to UH got accepted ! some serious rockband is in order 
its the weekend . can i not be sick anymore please ? 
finally got around to doing the Rockband 2 Endless Setlist ... 84 songs in a row @_@ 
strives for maximum ridiculosity 
\give a million keyboards to a million monkeys and they will eventually reproduce the entire works of shakespeare\ " ... myspace has proven this tragically incorrect " 
my one night of sleeping in will inevitably be ruined by birds doin the nasty 
gonna go fly a kite brb 
finally got around to watching The Office . PARKOUR 
I'd get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs , as they tried to teach me how to dance 
it turns out bishop museum provides a great full body workout if you go with 40 preschoolers 
have you ever been alone in a crowded room ? 
are we human or are we dancer ? 
younger now than we were before 
she checks out mozart while she does tae-bo 
don't fly fast , oh pilot can you help me can you make this last ? 
\You make everything glorious \"" 
accidentally did parkour today 
thought losing picks in a guitar was frustrating ? i just spent ten minutes getting a LIVE GECKO out of mine ... 
just heard < PROPMALE > kamakawiwo'ole on pandora ! ( with a picture of < PROPFIRST > connery ...? ) 
a bag of dry rice saved my wet phone ! 
the Saints offense is inspiring 
texas game sucked . ingram for heisman 
\nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love \"" 
today i was approached by one of those windward mall kiosk people selling those facial creams made out of yemenian snail poop or whatever , and i was like \sorry gotta go ! \ " but she was like \ " oh i just wanted to touch your hair . \"" 
< PROPMALE > Guaraldi isn't the reason for the season , but his music from A < PROPFIRST > Brown Christmas is a pretty close second 
OMG only 363 days til Christmas ! :D 
why does cucumber melon smell so amazing ? 
now every time i go on pandora i think of avatar 
finally finished arrested development ! they should make a movie 
i have been way too busy for my last week of schoollessness 
so my REL 150 teacher included \The Yellow River\ " by I.P. Freely and \ " Under the Bleachers\ " by < PROPMALE > Butz on the syllabus textbooks list . I don't know if I should be amused or concerned . " 
when you are a man , sometimes you wear stretchy pants in your room . it's for fun . 
trying to change the color of your mood ring 
rock-paper-scissors-lizard-spock 
did not wake up my brother when i backed a < PROPFIRST > into his new mini cooper 
my cat just came into my room , threw up , and left . why ? 
no luck using google to find my sunglasses 
hey soul sister , aint that mister mister on the radio ? 
all the right friends in all the right places , so yeah we're going down 
did anyone else wake up in the morning feeling like P . Diddy or was that just me ? 
just experienced ice dancing to a sweet remix of Crawling by Linkin Park 
picnic at magic island whos in ? 
noooo first free saturday in weeks and all the car audio places are closed :( 
100% of my canadian friends have hockey-related statuses . i guess excitement is a rare commodity in canada ? 
happy girls day ... ladies . 
is having a superb day . 
just experienced that moment of terror where you almost drop your phone into the toilet . 
have you heard of the one who can calm the raging sea ? 
taking a personal furlough wednesday today 
there will never be a greater love , no not one . 
got sick and probably shouldn't have played basketball . hopefully i wake up before sunday is over . 
had two amazing conversations with people i dont see enough . in dreams . does that still count ? 
got sunshine in a bag 
Easter is over , but the significance isn't . 
on careers : find whatever it is in life that you don't do well ... and then don't do that thing . 
has a love/hate relationship with bipolar people . zing ! 
< PROPFEMALE > fey on SNL last night was absolutely hilarious ! check out the < PROPMALE > hines brownie husband for single ladies . 
are you kidding me with that glee episode ? it was like i went to hulu , clicked play , and my laptop just shot diarrhea at me for 45 minutes . brb shower 
hmmm ... not so sure about this cough medicine , suddenly i have an irresistible urge to play Wii Sports ! 
i have a slight fever ... i suppose the prescription is a very small cowbell . 
currently enjoying pizza , steak , and Avatar on blu-ray . Also , oddly enough , I've got the urge ... to herbal . 
so what did everyone do for mothers day ? 
summer electronics project : make an electric drumset work as a rockband controller 
\your mom\ " jokes : acceptable on Mother's Day ? " 
feel free to punch me if you see me outside the library during school hours tomorrow . 
7 hours to \master\ " 7 chapters of psychology . Let's do this . " 
Vector calculus just looked at me and Shao Kahn was like \FINISH HIM ! \ " Tomorrow I will most likely suffer a gruesome fatality . " 
is off to the Philippines in 12 hours ! Also , < PROPFEMALE > Ka‘iulani is a good movie . 
After 11 hours on a plane and 10 hours in a van , \ 
the Philippines team arrived safely ( and sweaty ) in Vigan City , Ilocos \ 
Sur . Thanks for your continued prayers and support ! 
back on O‘ahu ! I might drive like it's the Philippines for a week . Pray for me . 
got all the Philippines driving out of my system on the highways tonight . Also , should I get a haircut before or after I renew my driver's license ? 
\Why are you downcast 
Just saw TOWER OF POWER in concert , then went backstage and shook hands , took pictures , and ate pizza with the band ! My ears will be out of commission for a few days , but it was totally worth it ! :D 
Lazy Sundays ? I have crazy Sundays . 
Want to \learn\ " perfect pitch ? Watch just 10 minutes of world cup soccer and you will be able to instantly recognize a Bb . " 
got to Kahala Mall at 5am , stood in line for 8 hours , and got an iPhone 4 . Betting pool will remain open until I drop it ( 2 to 1 odds for tonight ) . 
Watching a HUGE fire in Kalama Valley right now . Got prime seats ! 
Posted videos of kalama valley fire . Search YouTube for \fire over kalama valley 7-4-10 \"" 
\I was already a Heat fan\ " ... how many times will you hear that this year ? " 
Housesitting . Two awesome dogs , a fridge stocked with fresh papaya , and Crazy Love . Ah , summer ... 
got owned in spectacular fashion today . 
expected more of a challenge from the 20 piece Chicken McNuggets :\\ 
You're waiting for a train , a train that will take you far away . You know where you hope the train will take you , but you can't be sure ... 
About to play worship music with people from all over the world at the BWA Women's Leadership Conference . Exciting , but all the bathrooms got changed to women's :( 
had more encouraging worship at the BWA women's conference , and then an epic set at New Hope Thrive , AND I get to do BWA worship every day til Saturday . Forecast : amazing week . 
\Your love is like fire 
There will be a rain dance Friday night , weather permitting . 
So there are three people wearing Starcraft shirts in my math class ... the joys of engineering . 
learning all about the fictions in < PROPFEMALE > today ... oh well at least I have an excuse to read the Word in class . 
just topped off a fantastic evening with delicious beef curry and maximum ridiculosity for dinner . 
will sing a song of hope . 
hit hard by reading my Philippines mission \blog\ " ... where is that passion now ? " 
so < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > beat all 10 areas in the full version of Angry Birds on my phone in under a month . Now she can be productive again ! 
Well it has certainly been an exciting day ! I swam with a 7-foot manta < PROPFIRST > at Sherwoods and also there was this election thing too . 
had the most AMAZING worship tonight . He's living on the inside , roaring like a lion ! 
sneezed while drinking a Caramel Apple Spice . My seemingly gentle countenance belies the anguish beneath . 
Alarmingly , I am hungry . 
Who'd have thought worshipping with a bunch of old Baptist dudes could be so good ? \ 
Men's retreat - 1 , Stereotypes - 0 . 
' Tis so sweet to trust in Jesus . 
Meteor shower on my birthday ? Awesome present , God . 
No car , and now in the fifth bed I've slept on in five nights . What a week ... 
I was at the totally dark bus stop at Paki and Monsarrat , two super sketchy guys came out of the plants ( I can't make this stuff up ) and started walking toward me , and when they were like 10 feet away , the bus got to the stop and they turned around and left . Thank God TheBus is on schedule ! 
\Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love . \ " \ 
