With the New Year upon us , I have already achieved one of my < PROPMALE > life goals . I have dropped 30 pounds over the last 6 months and am down to 190 lbs . The last month of running 7 < PROPMALE > a day really paid off and whittled away the second 15 lbs . Now my resolution is to convert 10 lbs of remaining fat into muscle and get back to my level of hearty fitness when I was 30 years old . 

is sitting in a coffee shop in west hollywood contemplating the nice weather and other existential topics ... 
Government is an amazing human invention ... in order to take my next job as Principal of the American Bilingual School in Kuwait City , I need to authenticate my degree for the Kuwaiti Ministry of Education ... a Color Photocopy of my degree must receive the 
I need a HUGE favor from one of you , my peeps ... I would like to borrow a large 28\-30\ " tall suitcase until the end of September when I come home for a short visit ... I need to < PROPFEMALE > as many clothes as possible with me to Kuwait ... dress clothes take up so " 
To all of my friends and family ... I have a new cell phone number ... you can reach me at 404-803-5899 ... i look forward to hearing from you soon ... hugs , < PROPFIRST > 
It is damn frustrating trying to get my last paycheck from my former employer . The State of < PROPFEMALE > and the US Department of Labor are not much help for hard working tax paying citizens . What about workers rights !!!! 
The government is only for the corporations and the < PROPMALE > ... read this email from the state of < PROPFEMALE > ... 
What a great day it was to clean the entire refrigerator !!! 
I leave on July 29th ... think happy thoughts .... 
I will ... you can email me at jamestaylor71@bellsouth.net ... xoxoxo 
Today is the big day ... I am off to FUN , adventure , and a whole new life in Kuwait . I think the world is ready for a frequent blog about an American finding his way through the souks , sands , and sheiks of a far off land ... stay tuned to this channel for < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFIRST > is still sitting in NYC because thunderstorms thwarted him from reaching his connection in NYC last night ... I may have to stay here 2 days to catch a flight .... yikes .. 
The good news is that I get to admire for many more hours the exquisite international men touring through the airport 
Should the mens rest room at the international terminal smell like sweet massaman curry .... things that make you go ..... HHHMMMMMM 
Did you know that you can purchase blue mountain blast Powerade at McDonalds to rehydrate before your flight .... add this tip to your travelers handbook .... 
I am in Kuwait ... one day late and missing one piece of luggage .. not a bad start I would say ... smiling ... 
Hey my Peeps ... I finally have internet access at home . I purchased a prepaid wifi USB device through the wireless phone company that I am using -- Wataniya is the cell phone company in case any of you are perversely interested in all of the minutia . So I 
The school has us at temporary apartments until the end of the week -- where the teachers will be housed at the end of August . Our principals ' apartments were not ready when we arrived this week . We are being moved to really nice apartments two blocks fro 
You can mail items to the school address , as that is the safest and easiest place for us all to receive parcels and letters : American Bilingual School Abraq Khaitan Block 5 , Ibn Zuhair Street , Road 59 Kuwait School Telephone : (+965 ) - 2 - 475 - 0333 Schoo 
Tonight I went shopping at a mall that put's to shame anything in Atlanta .. Absolutely huge and opulent .... the mall has four 5 story atriums spread throughout it .... I shopped at IKEA , Debenhams ( a British department store like Macys , and a French Hypermar 
I purchased 4 fluffy pillows , a luxurious bed pad , a beautiful luxury duvet at Debenhams .... all for 31 Kuwaiti Dinars ... which is the equivalent of $108 in the US of A ... 
It's 6:30 am and 35 degrees Celsius climbing to 49 degrees early in the afternoon .. gotta love the dry heat ( 95 degrees to 120 degrees Fahrenheit for all of my American friends . ) 
My 20 movies that I can watch over and over and over and over ! 1 Dangerous Liaisons 2 Mad < PROPMALE > Beyond Thunderdome 3 American Beauty 4 < PROPFEMALE > Wars 5 Wraith of Khan 6 Schindler's List 7 < PROPFEMALE > and the Angry Inch 8 2001 9 Fargo 10 Pulp Fiction 11 Shawshank Redemption 12 Matrix 13 Reservoir Dogs 14 < PROPFEMALE > Dolce < PROPFEMALE > 15 Hotel Rwanda 16 V For Vendetta 17 Moulin Rouge 18 Tombstone 19 < PROPFEMALE > Mononoke 20 Seven 
In Chicago O'Hare Airport drinking a vodka and cranberry contemplating the meaning of the universe ... dreading my 13 hour layover in Heathrow tomorrow ... 
In Heathrow scavenging like a vulture for a seat near an electrical outlet . One must keep in touch with the rest of the world outside the airport during an extended incarceration ( or rather lay over ) . I think I will get some work done !!! 
I have to say that the new international Terminal 5 at Heathrow is very comfortable and provides excellent accommodations ... there are good restaurants , bars , a Harrods , a mini-mall ... very nicely done , England 
GOD !!!! Am I still in this foresaken PLACE !!!! 
It is nice to back in the peaceful desert working with interesting people !!! 
Things are going well in Florida . I have been teaching since last Monday and am looking forward to the first check this Friday . I am sitting at Tampa International Airport as I type this getting ready to fly off to Long Island , NY for a finalist interview at the Portledge School for the position of Head of Upper School . Wednesday morning I drive to Boca Raton in South Florida to interview for Director of Studies . 
I have more phone interviews scheduled and the outlook is < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I am going to try to make to Atlanta sometime over the Chirstmas holiday . I will stop in and say hey everyone . Hugs , < PROPFIRST > 
the 3-D effects in Avatar were so realistic and awe inspiring ... the plot is very traditional and even pedestrian ... but this movie is transformative ... like technicolor was in the 1930's .. this is breakthrough technology ... go see the movie even if you do not enjoy sci-fi/action films .... got to see it to believe it ... 
Joy , Peace , and Love to everyone and theirs during this Joyous Christmas Season . All My Love ... Hugs and Kisses ... 
Hello my Facebook peeps .... i have a huge favor to ask -- I am not playing Farmville and I get bogged down with all of the Farmville Gifts and Requests coming my way .... would you please save those for people playing in the virtual world game .... thanks for the huge assist ... hugs , < PROPFIRST > 
Off to the gym to run my a ** off ... 7 more < PROPMALE > today ... made it to 185 ... here I come 180 lbs and wearing a fierce little summer bikini .... Gay Days anyone ?!?!?!? whoa whoa 
Had a wonderful Birthday meal with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > last night at the Kona Grill ... the sushi , the drinks , and especially the conversation and company were amazing .... thank you boys for a wonderful night .... it's for nights like these that we live ... 
Today's drama ... an explosive development ... lost my right rear tire on Gandy Boulevard this morning ... tire has only 15,000 .. yeah Bridgestone ... quite a product to blow out the sidewall .... 
BIG THANK YOU to < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , & < PROPFIRST > for making a great party yesterday by the pool . I am so glad everyone came and had a great time . I promise more margaritas next time ... 
Off to the gym for my run and then time for a little sun at the pool !!! Let ' throw down , jam out , and have spectacular LONG hoiday weekend !!!! 
ran 6.75 miles ... washed the car ... now for some shopping !!! 
Beach was amazing yesterday ... luscious sun drapped day with cool waters to balm your body and soul ... today is a day to relax and do laundry ... hope everyone enjoys Memorial Day today ... 
Vacation started a week ago and I'm already bored !!! Someone come out and play with me ... let's go out and do something ... a movie , dinner , walk on the beach , shopping ... who's free ?!?!?! LOL 
Time to celebrate ... just received a new permanent teaching job at < PROPMALE > High School's International Baccalaureate program !!! I get to teach really smart kids again for a bunch more money !!! Hopefully life is on the upswing !!! 
He got me LoveStoned ... I think that he knows , knows , knows 
I hope it doesn't rain on the party tomorrow .... it does not look hopeful !!! 
We\ 
are going to throw this 4th of July SHINDIG down , whether Mother Nature\ 
wants to cooperate or not ... BE HERE at 2 pm and we will have cocktails\ 
and hors d'oeuvres inside ... as < PROPFIRST > tol me this morning \drinking makes\ 
Go Rays ... we swept the Dread Sox in a three game series .. bring on the Yankees !!! 
wonders what the weekend will bring ... who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out and have some fun ?!?!? 
Really enjoyed softball practice this morning with the boys ... anybody else up for some softball every Sunday morning ?!?!? Amazingly I still remembered how to hit and throw the ball !!! 
Just got done meeting my new students and parents tonight at Open House !!! Standing room only in every class with over 40 people attending on average for a class of 25 students . Perfect rainbow representing the US with hispanic , asian , indian , black , and white students in equal < PROPFIRST > !!! Smartest kids in the district !!! Just love my job !!! 
The person who has captured my heart , travelled home today ... and here I sit and count the days till he next returns !!! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB til Monday , December 6th . Remember your childhood and join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
