thinks summer vacation is waaaay too long !! 

thinks it's such a blast to haul all three kids to the Allergy and Asthma Center for their four month check up . What fun watching the chaos unfold , lol . 
I should probably NOT be drinking coffee at 11:30 at night ... but it's there , I'm here , and it's calling , lol . Besides that -it's coffee . ' nuf said . 
Trying to keep the house clean when the kids are home for the summer is like pissing in the wind . 
Happy Father's Day !! 
People who say things like ' the hotter the better ' in reference to the weather usually have a place to go to escape the heat . But when your thermostat reads 92 even with the AC on , then summer really , really sucks . I can't imagine anyone liking that ! 
What's your favorite MJ song ? Hard choice . Thriller is one of my faves - I had the album and I listened to it so much I wore it out . It's so weird that he's gone ... 
It's our 13th anniversary !! 
The beginning is always the best place to start . 
If you get bored , try this - make sure the lid is NOT latched on your brand new 32 oz . of vanilla coffee creamer and shake vigorously . You'll be surprised how far it can fly across the room and how much surface area of your body , clothes , counters , refri 
Tragedy ( tra je < PROPFIRST > ) noun - when you're PMSing and lose your favorite homemade brownie recipe . 
Thank you for the birthday wishes !! =D 
I was going to write something intelligent ... but I got nothin ' . 
Quoted conversation while driving two days ago .. \ 
\ 
Cameron : Do you remember that time when the hubcap fell off ? \ 
Me : Yes , I do . Do you remember that ? \ 
Cameron : No 
Had a fun day of lounging on the couch with hubby watching movies and eating < PROPFIRST>'s yummy homemade salsa . 
Another day , another meltdown . 
\You're a corpse . Your opinion doesn't count anymore . \ " \ 
More couch , more movies , but this time with Chinese food - oh yeah ;) 
\Look at him 
It's asthma season at our house again . One is already on the nebulizer , the other two are threatening to follow . 
is going to spend the day sprawled out in < PROPFEMALE>'s bed , sipping coffeegasms , and catching some Big Love . 
\Whereas when you open your mouth 
Heard from my Shawny . =) I love you , Sweetie . 
Cleaning the house when the kids are home is like pissing into the wind . 
is enjoying the quiet tapping of the keyboard in an empty house . It's been months since I wrote anything . And I'm enjoying it ! 
For some strange reason I'm craving Chinese food . 
just finished reading Catching Fire . There are a lot of things I could say , but I think Holy Crap will sum it up quite nicely . 
Wishing I had Book 3 so I could just crawl into bed and read . 
Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > for Book 3 a day early ! I'll start it today . :D 
My 13 year old , who made French Toast for the first time today , already makes it better than I do . 
What do you do when you're locked out of the house ? Well , if you're my 13 year old son , you kick the door in ! 
has finished the trilogy . 
Kids are excellent at spreading contagion . Sick ... again ! Cripes . 
Sometimes I wonder about my children ... my adorable 7 year old had a box and was pretending he was selling chocolate . He proudly displayed the ' chocolate ' - which was really just an old video cassette tape in a box . I pretended to pay him , and munched happily on my chocolate . Then he informs me the chocolate has explosion particles in them ... and I'm going to blow up in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 !! OY ! Parenthood ! 
has a kid home today with a 103 degree temp . And the fall sicknesses start ... 
The fever is gone , but now he's throwing up - I'm not sure if he's better or not . And some of the rest of the family is flirting with it , as well . * sigh * 
Chinese food + Borderlands all day = FUN ! 
We had our first frost last night . 
So I bought stuff to make chili and beef stew , nice hearty meals to enjoy on chilly days , and had hubby take the air conditioners out - and it's hot ! Ugh ! 
I set this morning aside for writing and I'm too tired to concentrate . My brain is empty and I can't focus . Ugh . I hate that . It will be a week before I get another writing morning . 
That's it . I'm done . I'm never making another cake again . My son wanted a character from the Warrior Cats series that he's reading on his cake . The cat is gray . Simple , right ? Not when you use a dab of black food coloring mixed with white frosting hoping to get gray . But I didn't get gray , I got LAVENDER . For a 12 year old boy's birthday cake - a freaking purple cat . Stupid < PROPMALE > black food coloring ! >:( 
The difference between my 7 year old and 13 year old . I asked my 13 year old to do something over the weekend that would have been nice . But he seemed to think he should get something for it , and it ended up in an argument . The 7 year old offered to do it , I didn't think he could , but he insisted . And he did it for a big smoochie kiss and hug . Sigh .... teenagers . 
Well the weather is supposed to be lovely today . We have high wind advisories and warnings , and a tornado watch . 
So ... it's Day 5 of the Writer's Challenge and I have yet to write a word . I planned to come home today , plop into my chair , and get started - but the jagoffs down the street are blasting their car stereo , and all I hear is ' boom boom boom ' vibrating through my wall and into my floor . It's a concentration breaker for sure . Sometimes I wonder why I try to write at all - I never seem to have time to do it !! 
Children - nature's alarm clock 
Friday is for zombies 
Oh joy we have a barfing boy . I hope it's a fluke puke and not a stomach virus that we're all going to catch . 
I woke up this morning unable to breathe . Then I realized I had a 14 lb . cat on my chest . He was looking all content cuddling up with me , big orange behemoth that he is . 
I got no sleep because I'm sick , we have no water , and I have a kid home with diarrhea . This sounds like a great way to start the week . 
Friday we watched ' < PROPFEMALE > Grandin ' . This movie is a must see for anyone whose life is touched by autism . 
Happy Thanksgiving 
< PROPFIRST > ate turkey ! And wacky cake ! He's never liked turkey , and he doesn't eat cake . It was so nice for him to sit at a family meal and actually eat something the rest of the family was eating , instead of having a special meal made just for him . AND - he liked them both ! :D 
It took my hubby a half hour to straighten all the limbs of our artificial tree yesterday - thanks to the cats climbing in it last year . It looked great yesterday , but there's a big empty spot in the middle where all the limbs are pushed down . Sigh ... it's going to be a long season . I hope the tree lives through it . 
Though it's still early , this is the best I've felt in a week . Except for the lingering asthma , I'm feeling more like myself . Yay ! 
I asked my oldest how bad the weather needs to be before he wants me to pick him up at the bus stop instead of letting him walk . His answer : ' Uninhabitable biohazard-like conditions ' . 
Yesterday , my youngest added a dramatic flair to his reading homework . He got a book about space station life , and everytime he said ' in space ' , it was always in a big way ... ' IN SPACE ' . \The information they send back to earth helps us understand more about life ... IN SPACE . \ " By the time he finished the book I was cracking up . " 
We survived another ' Breakfast with < PROPFEMALE>' - which is a little thing the school does every year . Free breakfast , a visit with < PROPFEMALE > , crafts , and a Secret < PROPFEMALE > store . I was tempted to complain about how early this all started for a Saturday , until my youngest jumped up and down and said that he was 5% excited , and my middle kid was valiant and helpful . I guess that's worth a little less sleep ;) 
Yesterday we had the prettiest picturesque snow . The flakes were light and fell slowly , yet the snow was heavy enough to coat things quickly . It looked like movie snow . And it was the perfect consistency to make snowballs - which the boys did ! 
Last night my youngest , who is 7 , was reading Captain Underpants and was laughing hysterically at words he'd never seen before . ' Amok ' , ' rigged ' , and ' fiasco ' will probably make an appearance in his vocabulary soon . Who knew words could be so funny . =) 
Two hour school delay today . Joy upon joy . Kinda wrecks the whole day as the younger kids don't start school until 11 . Then by the time errands are run , it will be time to go and pick them back up . 
I'm back at home at Chaos Central . Thanks to < PROPMALE > for dutifully c < PROPFEMALE > ing my Christmas picture everyday like I asked him to . And many thanks to < PROPFIRST > and friends for being awesome hosts and letting me < PROPFEMALE > out with them over the weekend . Love you guys . 
Wishing you all a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Happy 14th Birthday , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Quote from Cameron : < PROPFIRST > finally reached the age of 14 . 4 more years and he'll be packing up and leaving . 
I am constantly redefining who I am and what's important in my life . 
School is canceled today because of icy roads . So glad the entire brood is all home in our < PROPFEMALE > house with nowhere to play after a three day weekend . 
Now < PROPMALE>'s home , too . He slipped three times on the ice from the front door to the car and twisted his bad knee . Painkillers and a heating pad ( and Iron Man 2 ) for medication . 
Chinese food and zombie shooting - what a great afternoon ! 
I just slipped and fell in the ice/snow and twisted my ankle . I think it will be ok , though . 
That sitting all day thing I mentioned yesterday won't be a problem , because I'm sick . < PROPMALE > is sick . And < PROPMALE > has been sick for two days . This week is going down the crapper already . 
4 out of the 5 members of the Wood family have begun the transformation . Will the youngest member be immune to the infection and resist joining the legion of zombies ? Or is he , too , doomed ? 
Everyone is on the mend and back at work/school . This means a whole day to myself . =D 
Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball . 
Blizzard warning until 7pm tomorrow night . Schools are closed today , and likely tomorrow , as well . 
Do something spontaneous today . 
Why ? Why is it that a beautiful , bright < PROPFEMALE > day full of promise can turn into one full of shit within mere minutes ? 
