-_- ... zzZZ 

Happy Birthday to me ? 
The only reason I seem to be coming to FB anymore is because of some farming app . Why do things like Facebook and MySpace even exist in the first place ? It used to be you had to go outside and mingle with strangers to find the ones who were cool and the ones who were creepy , but now if you have someones name and location you can find them on this site ... thats kind of creepy if you ask me . 
Full day of school with 2 hours of sleep ... the only choice is what class do I take a nap in ! 
Put in some online job apps , do they even check those things ? 
I've recently found out that procrastination is a lot like masturbation . While both of them are two very different acts , both of them involve you fucking yourself . I should really not do my papers at the last minute ... 
I HAVE SCHOOL TOMMOROW AND IT'S FUCKING 3AM !? I NEED TO SLEEP BUT I AM NOT SREEPY ! 
I saw a woman with a beard on the bus today ... I was horrified 
Needs new profile image ... 
3 more hours till my next class ... I believe it to be nap time 
In class for another half hour then a day off . SOMEONE FEEL GOOD THAT I FEEL GOOD ! 
Did someone say snow day ? Cause I thought I heard someone say snow day . Well actuaily my snow day is bullshit , my brother and sister have one but my college has this retarded policy where if it's not pure white by 5am then schools open . Eff that 
Why do they call it a ' cross ' when it is clearly a t ? 
Ffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu- ! Once again both my brother and sister have a snow day . THERE IS NO SNOW OUTSIDE ! NONE ! ZERO ! 
Three snow days in a row . My siblings get THREE SNOW DAYS IN A ROW ! FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU- ! 
Want to go home reaaal bad , new English teacher is teaching us how to use an instant messenger . Ffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu- ! 
Them's some fightan words 
I have found chocolate ! Today is going to be a good day ! 
Beat the Elite Four ( < PROPFEMALE > ) on my first try . It's amazing what 60,000 pokebucks worth of Hyper Potions will do . 
YOUR DETECTIVE NAME : ( favorite color and favorite animal ) Rainbow Tyrannosaurus-Rex 
76 Ultra Balls thrown at a Palkia that had 1hp . A statistical improbability . So i decided to throw a Pokeball at it and see how it went from there ............ I caught the damn thing with a pokeball ! In short , DO THE IMPOSSIBLE ! SEE THE INVISIBLE ! RAW RAW FIGHT DA POWA ! 
Model glue tastes like balls 
The more I look at it the more the new < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland looks like it just popped out of the Narnia mold ... kind of like how Sherlock Holmes was Pirates of the Carribian without pirates or carribian . 
Question of the Day : Who says money cannot buy happiness ? 
2am and it's Cooking with Nate ! Recent update : American cheese will become one with ramen broth if left to melt . Makes something that smells like ass but tastes good . Mozzarella on the other hand does not dissolve but will find it's shredded brethren and form the CHEESE BALL . I will investigate this further ... 
Journal Entry #2 in the Big Book of Kitchen SCIENCE ! Most perplexing . After running out of sugar for tea I decided to add brown sugar instead . After a few spoonfuls I began to stir . As I neared the end I found there was a browning foam at the top of my mug . What was this foam ? A byproduct of the sugar ? Or perhaps some kind of vestigial tea organ much like our appendix or tail bone . I will investigate this further ... 
Journal Entry #3 in the Big Book of Kitchen SCIENCE ! Whilst making mac&cheese at 2:30 am I had noticed that I had no milk . Seeking a lactose based liquid anywhere in my house I found a pint of heavy cream . My hypothesis : The high amount of fat in the liquid will , when the cheese powder catalyst is added , make a cheese gravy . I was correct ! A scrumptious victory in the name of SCIENCE ! I will investigate this further . 
I helped a person in < PROPFEMALE > today with english pratice . I told him I was Nate and he asked ' National Assosiation of Teaching English ? ' Little did I know that he was a clever bastard and made my name into something that sounded important ... bested again by the chineese ! 
I have found the thing on facebook that ignores frined updated ! Finailly ! No longer am I plagued by the annoying updates of a certan someone who fucking favroits everything ! 
Journal Entry #4 in the Big Book of Kitchen SCIENCE ! Dearest Journal , I apologize most profoundly for my lack of updates . My most recent experiment was both < PROPMALE > in time and results . After eating a rather large bowl of Cinnamon Toast Crunch I decided to leave just enough in the box as to not make a full bowl when emptied . 
Never ever ever ever ever ever ever ever stay up for more than 24 hours and get this wild hair up your ass to take everything out of your room and clean it 
So ... much ... Taco < PROPFEMALE > ... did not want , but had to ! Four burritos ... blllleeeeeeaaaaaaaaagh 
I think I am getting sick . Fffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu- ! 
Google Chrome is AMAZING ! It uses up a fucking TENTH of the memory that Firefox does ! Google may be trying to control everything in our lives but damn , with things this good who is to say no ? 
Too much ... chocolate milk ... 
Clash of the Titans was ... alright ! Almost too corny at times and I facepalmed like a champion of champions at the end . See it with friends so you can agree of how much of a douche Zeus is . 
Got a haircut . Bitches don't know . 
You ever catch yourself with your head tilted about 90 degrees to the left just staring at your computer and wondering how long you have been doing that ? 
Why does the world taste good ? 
I have decided to be ' That guy ' and became a fan of very many things to be annoying . 
You ever look into your fridge late at night and you see something that is undefinable by words and then while your asking yourself what the hell that could be the thing looks back at you ? I am afraid of going into my fridge now ... ( I know that sentence is broken as hell but it's 7:30 am and I haven't slept yet . ) 
Journal Entry #4 in the Big Book of Kitchen SCIENCE ! When eating copious amounts of generic potato chips along with drinking unhealthy amount of generic cola ones burps taste and smell like roses . This could be the best accidental scientific discovery since < PROPFIRST > Fleming discovered penicillin ! 
My family has a very impressive amount of hacksaws considering how often we are cutting things ... this makes me very suspicious . 
A person who is inexperienced with cooking bacon is a lot like a person who is inexperienced with lighting an M-80 . Both if them involve something popping with a lot of heat and is highly volitle ... my pinky hurts so bad ;_; 
Breaking news , everyone ! I'm going to be an uncle ! 
SPLINTER IN FINGER HURTS ! FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU- ! 
Minecraft : A game that I am so addicted to that when I close my eyes all I can see is blocks and how to destroy/create them . 
For a person who hates the outside I gotta say ... It's a nice fucking day ! 
????!!! 
Time flies like an arrow . Fruit flies like a banana . 
Not cleaning out your coffee pot for three years is a lot like not cleaning out your toilet for three years . What happens when you don't clean your toilet for three years ? SHIT HAPPENS ! 
Portal is now FREE on Steam ... this is news of the utmost excellence . 
What have we found New custom of air hockey after creative meetings is the best policy enacted in a while . 
TIME TO PACK Heute Abend endlich mal wieder ne gem tliche Runde Poker beim Siggi . I realized that Orange Mound doesn't have any wi fi . 
I don't think I've left my house in three weeks ... 
Nothing in my house to eat except for ice cream . My mouth is cold . 
Back to square one . The scary square . 
Go into a class meeting at 9 today . Had no idea that the doors close at 9 exactly . FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU- ! 
I WENT OUTSIDE TODAY ! IT WAS FUCKING HOT ! 
Do you know what \nemesis\ " means ? A righteous infliction of retribution manifested by an appropriate agent . Personified in this case by an ' orrible cunt ... me . \ 
I MADE MUFFINS ! 
WATCHEN SHAWSHANK ! 
Open house ? Pancakes at 2am ? DON'T MIND IF I DO ! * OM NOM NOM NOM NOM * 
Didn't eat all of those pancakes last night . I wonder if they are still good ... they've been sitting in my room overnight ... 
I just drank a liter and a half of chocolate milk ! I FEEL REAL REAL SICK ! 
Just spent a half hour with my eyes shut and listening to some person try to hypnotize me . The only thing that came out of that is I feel tired now . 
Busted up my knuckles pretty bad on my driveway . Falling is never a graceful act . 
Coffee and vanilla ice cream ! You have been right in front of me all these years and I have never thought of putting you two together ! You and I are going to make wonderful music together ! 
Why do we call them grapefruits when there is already a fruit called a grape ... 
Awesome thunderstorm is awesome ! 
Why do they call them walnuts when they do not grow on walls ? 
I had a dream I was a muffler . I woke up exhausted . 
Did you hear about the peanut on the subway ? He got assaulted . 
I want to play something shooty but my computer is made of wood ... 
Oh torrents . You are so nice . Instead of having to buy a DVD of something that I am going to watch once and have it forever rot on my shelf I can instead download it and delete it when I am done . <3 Piracy 
Finished reading Hellsing at 4:01 am . Just . Fucking . Awesome . 
So my esophagus has kind of been hurting when I swallow recently . Scary thing about it is that when you google \esophagus pain\ " you get nothing but links saying you have cancer ... " 
Sometimes your parents are really loud when they do the things they do ... EWWWW ! 
ATTENTION EVERYONE ! I have been having this on my mind for a long long time and it's really been a whole lot to < PROPFEMALE > . For me to be so public with it and say it to all of my facebook chums means that I am ready for this to see the light of day ... \ 
I HAVE MIXED CRANBERRY JUICE WITH ORANGE JUICE CONCENTRATE TO CREATE CORNGEBERRY JUICE ! 
Journal Entry #7 (?) in the Big Book of Kitchen SCIENCE ! 
Afraid . So very afraid to turn off my computer screen . I keep on thinking that tomorrow will be the last day I can see it clearly . It's always yellow ! Last time it turned , I had to slap it like it owed me money . \ 
I'm really afraid of turning it off ... 
I have made home made chai tea syrup using black tea , cinnamon , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , cloves , vanilla and a bay leaf . MY HANDS SMELL LIKE AWESOME ! 
Thanks for the b-day greetings . Really surprised how many people wished me one . 
Discovery ! Ice cream ! A yummy cold treat you eat ! Coffee ! A hot pick me up ! \ 
If you combine the ice cream and the coffee grounds you get the yummy derishesousness of the ice cream plus the FULL CAFFEINATED FURY OF 10 CUPS OF COFFEE ! 
NEW MONITOR ! SO BIG ! 
Why do they continue to make grape jelly when it is the worst of every conceivable flavor that jelly could be ? 
Today I got told that someone , who shall remain nameless , would rather slit their own wrists than live with me for 10 years . 
Folks , I am a masochist . That's why I will be watching every Uwe Boll ever made before Friday , September 3rd . 
Never knew the Wii could get to fb ... typing with a wiimote sucks 
Out of clean spoons . SO guess who is eating his 4am cereal with an ice cream scooper ? Fuckin ' this guy ! 
Job interview tomorrow at Z's . I am the excite ! 
So the wedding I thought was the 15th is really happening today at 6pm . IMMA LOOK REAL SPIFFY ! 
So guess who has a job ? Fucking this guy ! 
I can't feel my feet , I'm dehydrated and I have a new found hate of the words \stocking groceries\ " . Thank god I have the next day off . " 
15 hours of sleep . Awesome . And I have today off and don't work till 8pm tomorrow ... I might sleep for another 15 hours ! 
Day off . So delicious ! 
Me at work : \Hey man 
Experement ... SUCCESS !? \ 
Milk+Chocolate Syrup = Chocolate Milk\ 
Milk+Maple Syrup = MAPLE MILK ! IT'S LIKE DRINKING A PANCAKE ! 
How much bears would Bear Grills grill if Bear Grills did grill bears ? 
17 shots worth of booze and I can still type correctly . Woo ! 
Never ... drinking ... again ... \ 
Because when I drink I do weird shit . Like smoking , or buying porn in demand . I'm never drinking again ! Is re-sleep time ! 
Drinking again ! But what are we drinking this evening ... \ 
Dragon's Milk ! But this raises a question ... how do you get milk from something that is not a mammal ? 
Buy a PS3 next week or save for a new computer ? 
Well spank my ass and call me a culinary genius ! I have made ice cream better ! Cinnamon , a few sprinkles of ground cloves , a dash of ground < PROPFEMALE > and a splash of vanilla syrup ! I call it ... THE HYPERION ! 
Just found a black widow spider in my fucking fridge ! Freaken out , man ! Whatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuckwhatthefuck !?!?!? 
After a long and enjoyable evening of fine beer and fine chocolate I believe it is time for sleep . 
And now I have a working fridge on my room ! Yay ! Also : SPECIAL BONUS ! It came with free porn ! 
Arcadia Ales Jaw Jacker ... terrible . Green Apple Jones Soda however is still fandamntastic . 
Just eatdeded a McDonalds Breakfast Burrito in 10 seconds ( give or take ) , and did the same thing to another one in a similar time . THE PAIN ! THE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE PAIN ! 
Going strong on the 7th day of ' No Shave November'! 
Gave < PROPFIRST > Best his drug for the next few days . That drug is nostalgia . God have mercy ... 
Let's play a fun little game ! It's called , \What's in my sisters purse ? \ " Only rules of the game are that you have to guess things that would fit in a large handbag ! I will go through it later when I have peoples guesses and post results and the winner ! \ 
Liking Umineko No Naku Koro Ni so far . It's got everything from mystery murder to insane amounts of child slapping ! Woo ! \ 
Also , hurray for me not being a murderer ! Woo ! 
A gaggle of drunk blondes mistook me for a homeless man tonight while I was waiting for my cab ... I feel so violated . 
Terrible news everyone ... I'm going to be a father . 
Why would you eat a whole pizza and a large bag of chips with jalapeño nacho cheese ? Whiskey ! That's why ! 
Where'd my lighter fluid go ... 
Fuck ! Fuck ! Fuck ! Fuck ! Fuck ! Fuck ! Fuck ! \ 
Why am I feeling this way again !? I told myself it would never happen and now I can feel it creeping back ! FUCK ! Fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu- ! 
Arrogant Bastard . That's what I be drankan . 
Adéu ... adéu , parting is such sweet sorrow . \ 
Bessy , I will miss you . You've been with me for nearly 12 years and now you are sitting in the grand feasting halls of Valhalla ! You will be missed ... \ 
In other news , I got me a new computer ! Woo ! 
New monitor too ! 20 inches of pure pleasure , baby ! 
It's always good when you look at your bank statement and realize you have more money than what you thought you had . Hurray for poor mental math skills ! 
It's a bit overdue , but I have made all 30 days of No-Shave-November without shaving . FUCK YEAH SMOOTH FACE ! 
Am I doin ' it right ? 
Called it ! < PROPFEMALE > Inoue is the voice of < PROPFEMALE > from TTGL and < PROPFEMALE > from Valkyria Chronicles . This is really only relevant to < PROPFIRST > Henderson , and also the fact that I am getting better at distinguishing between foreign voice actors . 
Today I might have broken the rules . Not just any rule , but the unbreakable truths that are set in stone somewhere in the Earth's core . \ 
Today I was nice . So nice that a homeless man GAVE ME food . It's like I transcended the circle of douchebaggery and , for a brief moment , I was the nicest person alive . 
Doing a \friend\ " cleanup on FB . If I missed you in the upcoming culling then expect to have a few more preacous moments on the list before I terminate you with my hate . " 
Step 1 : Get drunk as all hell\ 
Step 2 : Watch Invader Zim episode about doughnuts and realize they sound a might tasty\ 
Step 3 : Go to store and buy $25 in assorted doughnuts . \ 
Step 4 : ????? \ 
Step 5 : Best idea ever 
Come home from work and there's a blackout . Ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu- ! 
I love getting paid when I don't know it ! 
Bought a new graphics card . Nvidia GTX 450 graphics card , 8 gallons of Hawaiian punch , two 12 packs of Vernors and a new mouse and headset . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Had three cookies . Ate two . 3rd is missing ... curse you , < PROPFEMALE > ! CURSE YOU ! 
I am trying REALLY REALLY hard not to buy my weight in TTGL merchandise . 
And so it begins ... 
I think I might have killed a homeless man today ... for real this time . 
Bored . How could I cure this in a very irresponsible way ? 
Got me a game pad for some old school ps1 games and bought a Nutella Frappuccino . Someone save me from myself ... 
Fuck yeah ! Had to go on the horror of wireless internet for a few hours before I giggled the cables and the hard line was fixed ! Back to the < PROPFEMALE > of pure internet ! 
It's either I am going crazy or I am hearing the whispers of the damned . Hrmm ... 
Time to go into work early after 3 hours of sleep . Fucking woo 
Good news , everyone ! You remember that homeless man who said he was going to jump off the bridge ? He's alive ! Tried to come into the store past closing . Crazy , crazy alive homeless man . 
I just found out I have this terrible habit of yelling obscenities in my sleep . I'm thinking slumber party ... 
Sleep before work ? Naaaaah . Up for 30+ hours ? Yeaaaaaaaaa . 
Cream of mushroom soup taken to the next level . \ 
Mushrooms-sauteed , onions-sauteed , cheese , more cheese , cheese again , potatoes cooked in < PROPFEMALE > ham fat , < PROPFEMALE > ham , more mushrooms and bacon . Add that shit to the soup . Stir . Bowl . Consume . \ 
Imma soup wizard ! 
It's amazing how a few little white lies can bring out a lot of the cold , dark truth . 
Duke Nukem Forever is to be released May 3rd . MUST PRE-ORDER WITH THE FORCE OF A THOUSAND ANGRY NORSE GODS !!! 
... WHEN THE FUCK DID DEAD SPACE 2 COME OUT !? WHY WAS I NOT AWARE OF THIS !? NOW PURCHASING WITH THE SPEED OF A THOUSAND SONIC THE HEDGEHOGS ! 
I have not felt hatred this pure and black in a long long time . I thought I would never feel this way toward another human being ever again . This is nice ... 
COLD WINDS OF THE NORTH ! I CALL UPON YOU ! UNLEASH FROZEN DESPAIR AND CHILLY DOOM ON THE MASSES ! 
I think I need to stop drinking . All I do is get home and rape my fridge . I would still be for criminal sexual activities towards household appliances , but i think it's beginning to like it ... 
I got yelled at by a transvestite yesterday . Apparently they don't like to be called dude . I've been calling everyone dude since I was eight , and one bald fat man woman getting on my case about it will change nothing ! 
So , after watching the 2011 Super Bowl National Anthem I have realized something . < PROPFEMALE > Aguilera became one ugly skank faced has-been real fast . 
We have added a new element to the Soup Wizard's ( Me ) alchemical laboratory ( kitchen ) . BBQ SAUCE ! 
Love noun \\ ? l ? v\\\ 
A chemical imbalance in the brain that causes a temporary lapse in rational thought and judgement . \ 
Fuck you , Valentines Day . Love , Nate . 
Karakoe : A social event where very unattractive people , mostly women , place a phallic object near their mouth and scream . 
Want to pre-buy Portal 2 , but I am not sure if it is worth the cash ... 
Bitches be terrible drivers . Parking in front of the garage that has the snowblower so it can blow the snow and get bitches outta here . Bitches . 
< PROPMALE > Campbell , lead guitarist of Motorhead , just gave me his autograph at Zellar's . Nothing intresting ever happens here ... nope ... \ 
Also , free guestroom passes at the concert tomorrow . 
10 sausage muffins from McDonalds ? Challenge accepted ! 
Chillen at work and decided to get some light reading done . Drinking a vitimin water and reading the Tommyknockers . I loose focus on where my hand is going and I grab/uncap the Pine-Sol . I TASTE NOTHING BUT THE ENCHANTED CLEANING POWER OF PINE-SOL NOW ! My breath smells like a freshly cut pine < PROPMALE > ! Ffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuu- ! 
Never drinking again ... 
Just finished < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim . 112 wasted minutes of my life to this volcano of hipster shit . 
In Cali . Flying is terrifying ! 
5th of Goose in Cali : $29.99 \ 
5th of Goose at Zellar's: $41.25 
\We'd like to remind you that there is absolutely no smoking on all < PROPFEMALE > airliners . \ " \ 
Battle : Los Angles . Not a bad movie if you can get over 90% of the whole thing being shot in a close up shot of a persons face with shaky-cam-syndrome . 
Ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu- ! \ 
We're getting a dog ... 
Tomorrow is going to suck the robots asshole 
Today did suck the robot's asshole . 
New dog . New dog already hates me . Fuck dogs . 
Schadenfreude : Noun . Pleasure derived from the misfortunes of others . \ 
I think this word is the only way I will ever be happy ... and boy am I happy now ! 
Two pounds of pasta , meat , sauce and cheese are in front of me . The only clean eating utensil in my house is an ice cream scooper . Let's get down to business ! 
Goulash Demon , vanquished with Ice Cream Scooper of Justice . \ 
Also , I can't stop playing Dragon Age 2 . I should have gone to sleep six hours ago ... 
Why do I have a sneaking suspicion that I am an inch away from getting fired ? \ 
Maybe it's me being paranoid ... 
Toy Story 3 . Wonderful movie that made me miss my toys ! My childhood is dead ! \ 
Also , need My Neighbor Totoro stuffed thing ... 
I work April Fools Day . I might get fired due to the insane amount of revenge hijinks . 
Added another chapter in the Big Book of Me Slowly Killing Myself . Ten McDonalds breakfast burrito challenge ! CHALLENGE ACCEPTED ! 
Drinken dat Oberon 
The Troll < PROPMALE > \Trolljegeren\ " was one of the most refreshing movies I have seen all year . One part < PROPFIRST > Witch 
I think I need to tone down the smartassery at work . \ 
Phone rings , I answer , \Zellar's Party Store\ " \ 
10 Sausage Biscuits . \ 
10 Breakfast Burritos . \ 
Someone tell me how bad this is for me to do , I am too busy killing myself from eating this . 
I have a gallon of chocolate milk ! 
What is it about the term , \May I see your ID ? \ " that makes people flilp their shit ? " 
