getting on a train to michigan . :) 

raising havoc in holland , MI ! :) 
is home for half a day . had a great time in holland ( missing you all ) and is on to mexico !!!! :D 
is home . finally . 
' s last day before she starts working , two jobs . :( 
loves working two jobs . yay sarcasm . 
did not have to drive to prosser today at 7am . yay working for federal government and holidays . :) she does have a bears game tonight though . :( but her weekend is open .. 
is happy . :) 
pumped her gas all by herself . second time in two years . :) 
team time trial tomorrow ! love the tour de < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
work in the morning . driving there at 7 . 
has work at 7 tomorrow . that means leaving yak at 6 . :( then the bears . it's gonna be a longgggg day . 
longest 3 weeks of her life , working every day at one job or the other sometimes both . sooo exhausted . 
does not have work for the next two day !!! 
back to the work week . :( 
it seems like i just got comfortable with life and now i start all over again . 
i think it finally hit me . taking down my life from my walls and listening to < PROPMALE > chesney . 
leaves for brazil thursday at 7am . holy shit . 
packing all nighter . brasil in less than two days . 
22 hours to brasil . 
19 hours in the states . 5 in yakima . 
is in < PROPFIRST > . leaving for brasil in 3 hoursish . 
is now in brasil ! i am offically an exchange student . 
great second day in brasil . 
started brasillian school today . hate waking up early ( 7am ) but i am done by 1pm ! 
no longer wonders why she is tired when she stays up till midnight and then gets up at 6ish . oh well . who needs sleep ? 
went shopping today . and now i'm ready for a brasillian night on the town . on a school night . :) 
gets to skip school tomorrow to see the mayor ! 
gone for the weekend to orientation camp , but check out my blog from the week . kelsmdix.blogspot.com :) 
is now considered an inbound . 
and it starts over again . eu amo brasil ! kelsmdix.blogspot.com 
got fingerprinted today ! :D 
new blog , read it if you have a couple hours . hahaha . kidding , it's not that long this time . kelsmdix.blogspot.com . 
is peeved that pandora does not work in Brasil . :( 
learned about the US today in geography . Finally something I know something about . 
thinks it rained all over the world today . 
I can't believe I've been here for one month already , it feels like years . haha . updating my blog later ! beiiiiijos . 
going to play some volleyball for the first time in what seems like years ... 
brasilian opera with songs in < PROPMALE > , italian , french and of course portuguese . plus songs about coffee , lettuce and radishes . best opera ever . 
rode home from school on the back of a motocycle . :D 
broken down on the Brasilian highway with a flat tire . 
another flat tire . 2 in 2 days . :( 
first day of spring ! :) 
sunday fútbol ! 
futebol/football sunday ! 
got stuck in a rain/thunderstorm . on a bike . 
praia esse fim de semana !!! beaching it this weekend !!! :D 
has a busy day ahead of her tomorrow : gym , tennis and volleyball . had a great time playing tonight , but is very tired/worn out . 
Best weekend yet ! But they do all seem to be running together .. :) 
peixes são amigos , não comida . :) 
is constantly overeating and undersleeping . common problem among exchange students . 
festa com violão e duas duchas !!! muito legal . :D 
The lights flickered .. and then most of Brasil had no power . 
gone to the beach for the weekend . ILHA BELA ! 
is streaming apple cup live , just I don't miss the action . 
is angry at < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . What kind of person decides daylight savings is a good idea ? 
uma vez uma família , para sempre família . 
pretty sure my thumb is bruised from bowling . 
Yet again broken down on the side of the highway with a flat tire . Grand total now : 3 . 
first day of summer . 
Flat tires : 3 . Power outages : 2 . Oh Brasil .. 
[ enter your own holiday greeting here ] 
Yes , fan blades can cut your fingers . Ouch . 
Leaving in 7 hours for a month long trip . Soooo many emotions at the moment . 
Just because it´s waterproof doesn´t mean I want it in the bottom of the ocean . 
Around the halfway point of an amazing trip . 
So your legs can get sunburned and peel . 
loves getting Christmas packages the day before my birthday . :) 
is feeling old . 
Friday : Carnaval in Sambadramo , Sunday : Carnaval in the street , Tuesday : Carnaval in the club .. Best birthday weekend ever ! 
First day of school tomorrow . :( 
is trying to kill herself by not sleeping much and exercising like crazy . 
is sacrificing watching burn notice to watch the gold medal hockey match . 
and then it hits you .. 
Nothing can ruin this feeling .. The feeling of complete , immese happiness . :D 
10am tomorrow . 
I think I'm allergic to my house .. 
More Brasilian than American : recieving 9/10 on my english test but getting asked if I'm from the state of Paraná . 
I don't believe this . I just do not have luck with cameras and capturing my year on exchange . Ergggg ! 
loves easter in catholic countries , no school tomorrow or friday . which means going out tonight !! :D 
guara .. 
SAO PAULOOOO VS . SANTOSS !! :D 
s2 
the start of goodbyes . 
Finished with three weeks of tests so it's off to explore the rainforest . Amazon until May 10th . 
4am flights suck , especially when you go to the airport at 9:30 pm . 
9 //: 1 ( 9 months here , 1 to go ) going to minas gerais on sunday and then heading to the south until the 24th . ( 12 days till my parents come !! ) 
sulll 
25 more days to enjoy here .. 3 days till I get to see my parents !! 
The last time I didn't see my mom for 9 months was when I was born . 
beach for the holiday weekend . then rio on monday !! 
On top of Pao de Acucar . 
Here comes the last time , the start of every sleepless night , the first of every tear I'm gonna cry . Here comes the pain , wishing things have never changed .. Here comes goodbye . 
USA vs . England . While in Brasil . Home country vs . heritage . While in the soccer capital of the world . 
The more time I spend with you , the harder it is for me to leave you behind . s2 
BRASIL !!!! | ?? <?????> ?? | 
sadly more goodbyes then hellos . 
This is it . 
is in the US . 
summer solstice . :) 
One more week on my \vacation\ " in Yakima . " 
is going to the sports bar to watch Brasil win . Too bad this time I can't enjoy it with a beer . :( 
My last day in Yakima starts now . 
I can only say goodbye so many times in one year and be okay with it . 
I'm cheering for Germany and my mom is cheering for < PROPFEMALE > . Could make for an interesting day in the car .. All day long . 
Has arrived in her new town : Long Beach , California . :) 
has a room in Long Beach !! Two blocks from the beach . :D 
4//2//1 . 4 weeks since Brasil , 2 weeks since Yakima , 1 week on my own here in Cali . 
Dime-sized blisters , funky sunburns ( from self applied sunscreen ) and a brusied/ cut up < PROPFEMALE > . All because I decided to \try out\ " biking . " 
AVP tournament and My Boys . It's a good Sunday . Plus < PROPMALE > is back home ! 
Oh Long Beach , you tire me with endless amounts of stuff to do . 
IMing you , hearing your voice , seeing your face makes it harder to be so far away . < PROPMALE > Leal , Drii and Robinhooo . I miss youu !! 
It's been a year .. 
got a 100% on a test naming all 48 contiguous states of the United States . The first in the history of my history class . 
I can't believe it's September tomorrow !!!! And my first real ( but outta league ) college volleyball game !!!! 
vou namorar com meu celular novo . 
watched titanic for the first time in my life . and not by choice . haha . 
Home from san < PROPMALE > , and will back down there in 14 hours . 
111 degrees in the end of September . 
CBS and FOX have football , but NBC has equestrian ! 
New York , New York have placa .. so we don't get lost and get f**k-ed . - primita - 
i feel like i'm back in washington with all this rain .. 
5 hours time different from you . =/ 
stopped playing to NCIS thanks to severe thunderstorm warnings . 
Heading back to the desert . 
just got back from the OC . 
glad I brought extra socks to class . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > hills , bbl . :) 
6 horas é foda . os EUA indo dormir e o Brasil acordando . 
I can still run under an 8 minute mile . success . 
you know you're in SoCal when you get a christmas tree in shorts and flip-flops . 
gangs of new york , anyone got it ?? 
finals done . mexico tomorrowwwww . :)) 
left the beach in Long Beach for the beach in Zihuatenejo , Mexicoo . 
2007 : Feliz Navidad , 2008 : < PROPFEMALE > Christmas , 2009 : Feliz Natal , 2010 : Feliz Navidad , 2011 : ?? 
home , but on a different sleeping schedule . 
