happy new years , my best wishes for the new year towards you and your loved one's . Hope me and you make 2010 more memorable then 2009 

WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS- My freinds , LAKERS 2009 , KOBE BEST PLAYER < < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > BEST COACH IN NBA PERIOD FROM < PROPFIRST > TO KOBE 
My friends response to a drunken mexican on the corner of my block , no offense to anyone mexican , i love taco < PROPFEMALE > , and I quote \fuck your mexican wetback ass get tha fck out ? of < PROPFEMALE > wit your whore ass women\ " lmfao omg " 
Got a heart burn off these fiber one bars 
I lost my phone , Again lmao , i wonder whose house is it in this time 
Us Four Wolves Wondering the Dessert , Looking for Strippers and Cocaine 
She's stole my < PROPFEMALE > oh no . Sold it to the farmer oh no . She's always looking at me . She's always looking at me . She's such a charmer oh no . 
Tigers Love Pepper , They hate Cinnamon 
yo yo yo it's alexthemotherfcukinander 
Transformers 2 at Midnight , It was pretty descent , then walked in Central Park in the Rain trying to play manhunt , just got home right now 
They Should really build a whole foods in brooklyn w . parking 
Your < PROPMALE > Osama looks like a dirty Wizard or a homeless < PROPFEMALE > 
YO DRAKES VIDEO IS HORRIBLE , KANYE CANT DIRECT FOR SHIT 
Surfing and BBQ in East Hamptons 
really wanted to < PROPMALE > to win , i love tennis 
itz raining like itz < PROPFEMALE > ibiza outside , ich wanted to got to he gym today 
ich got a heavy sun burn from ibiza , ich iz like a toasted marshmallow , und feelz like just swimming in ice water 
It feels soooooo goood to be home , sooooo good to sleep in my bed and not think bout having an \off\ " spray or if my car is going to roll down a hill and into the stream . " 
had a pretty fuckin awesome lunch with a pretty fcukin awesome girl 
10 Days left till Munich , Germany then Rome , Italy then Tbilisi , < PROPFEMALE > Can't Fcukin Wait 
Prime time of your life , now live it 
All you bape and bbc heads out there , check out my selling thread my like something . 
Updated a few things in the selling album , check shit out 
500 days of summer was mad good 
1 day Left and I'm to Munich(Germany ) then Rome ( Italy ) then Batumi ( < PROPFEMALE > ) , im chilling with 20+ people tomorrow , anyone else ? i'll make time for you i promise =D 
Is Currently at the Airport about leave , ill see you guys august 31 , today was epic btw 
Spending my Birthday the < PROPMALE > way , clubs , beach , wine and PASTA 
thanks for the all bday love , heh even though i turned off wall posts and thanks for the 5 am long distance calls <3 made my early morning =D 
yo yo i am back in black and jet lagged 
nyc is mad boring on the weekdays 
fuck i missed like 6 trueblood episodes when i was gone and school starts tomorrow =/ 
you'd be surprised about how many mafioso's still live in Bensonhurst , Brooklyn 
i like trueblood but I hate Suki , her character , face , everything dam she's fcukin annoying 
Spent $760 dollars on book on his moms card , when resell time comes around all the money will be mine =D 
wish i could of gone to electric zoo 
Tiesto nyc september 24 , gotta see how it goes down in nyc if it's any different then europe 
everytime i hear this president talk all i hear is bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit im < PROPFEMALE > palosi's bitch bullshit bullshit bullshit elect me for another term 
the only house music radio station that nyc catches is Pulse 87 and it's not awesome but it plays ok music but their SATELLITE sucks ! 
whos going to be out tonight for fashion night out ? 
NYC really out did it with Fashion night out 2009 , Rihanna , Kid cudi , Pharrel , Jeda kiss , Lady Gaga , < PROPFEMALE > Ambrosio ....... Champagne , 6 feet women great night 
I make the good girls go bad , I make the good girls go bad 
skype me < PROPFIRST > . chirgadze 
want's to get my rib cage tattooed , i heard it's pretty fcukin painful , we shall see =D 
Pantene Pro-V = best shampoo and conditioner 
\Even a clock that does not work is right twice a day \"" 
yo what these brands need to do is pull out there leather bomber jackets out already , i need some leather and im tired of waiting .... SPOILED KID IS SPOILED 
is thinking why these good looking sexy girls messing with these lame ass dudes , girls need to packthatshitup 
i faked that i had the flu and now i feel like i do have the flu 
watching the strangers , saw it in theaters was crazy back then , still scary right now 
ultra bar in new jersey is mad wack , i got hit by a cab last night , tiesto tomorrow , make up homework tonight 
who wants to try vegetarianism with me for one month but with fish 
Good ass Tiesto show , half the people on ex loud ass music shit was good 
it's raining outside , im lamping in the hamptons smoking it up 
someone give me a good new heavy metal album title with long guitar and bass solos 
itunes genius mixer actually does a good job 
Dam i got mad philosophy reading to do , in the meantime you can follow me on twitter.com/alexchirgadze 
iight ima chill out on the twitter thing before people start barking at , but if you need me u can get at me at twitter.com/alexchirgadze 
twitter high passed me , philosphy for rest of the night 
still can't find a job or a good leather bomber jacket , but i need the job to pay go positive in my balance and then go negative again to buy the jacket 
today seems mad cold for no reason , i waited last minute to read all this like always ( twitter.com/alexchirgadze ) 
fun fact , a guy has an 80% < PROPMALE > of getting oral sex from a girl in Austria , he only has a 17% < PROPMALE > of getting one in USA , more fun facts twitter.com/alexchirgadze 
the venom from a Brazilian spider can give a guy an erection for 10 hours , more fun facts twitter.com/alexchirgadze 
Hardcore rock possibly got toooo hard core lol 
www.twitter.com/alexchirgadze 
going to be mad anti social till next week , sooo much work 
bad giants defense is bad 
lol so much rape 
so much rape , alright giants lost 
just filled out my japan winter study abroad application , i hope i get accepted 
So at the end of summer i was at 10 % body fat , and now im at 12 , five guys burgers is to fuckin blame , sheesh 
Breaking that night for these midterms 
Who thats dude sleeping with your girlfriend ? Getting rude and nude in your bed , the same dude your sister like , < PROPFIRST > chirgadze they call me mr. right 
since the yankees are loosing everyone is fcukin shut , new york lakers all day 
There are some people you don't wanna be around with or talk to anymore , you just ignore them but sometimes those people keep talking to you , do not get the message and when your blunt your the mean guy , #fcukthat , #2010 
this world series is < PROPFIRST > vs the yankees , cuz everytime < PROPFIRST > gets up yankees get shut the fcuk down , on that note fcuk baseball 
Twitter and it's trendy topics are gonna keep me warm and laughing this winter 
IM GOING TO JAPAN THIS WINTER ! 
can these bitches win already so these mother fcukers can shut the fcuk up 
I have been neglecting facebook and only have been on twitter , i wonder why so 
main reason i dont be on here i get stupid ass event invitations and useless notifications , twitter on deck 
I am back on facebook , to the mother fucker who tried de-actiavte , ban or delete me fuck youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu you failed . 
lmfao someone is fucking with me od , my twitter back ground changed to a puppy winking and i didn't even change it 
WE are young , WE are free , CAN'T get mad , AINT got time , SLEEP around , IF you like , WE are ALRIGHT 
Oki Doki 
I really want a BMW M3 really really badly , performance and handling BMW stands on top none of the < PROPFEMALE > Bullshit here 
nahhhhhhh facebook AMA updates don't be as poping as twitter ones though 
That's not baller . ` 
So the 40 ounce was fcukin fail of this year ( kanye shrug ) but i got washted with my nikkas i tried to tag all of you but it said I over 6 tags too many so i was like what ever ( kanye shruged again ) 
And I miss you like the Deserts miss the rain 
DID ANYONE JUST SEE THIS GAME SON ? PLEASE PLEASE KOBE IS A GOD DEAD ASS ! 
When the lights are coming out And I come down in your room . Our daily compromising is written in ; your signed armistice . 
Stab on the Ave ., a bag of green grass Young teen on the scene , no future , no past I don't know nothing ' bout nothing so don't ask nothing ' Cause I only be talkin ' out my ass 
finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals finals 
OAK NYC ! 
today is the worst I felt in a while 
it's times like these where i really respect my dad , always had my back , never yelled , never hit me , always fought for me , even if i was wrong 
Hey , You know they're all the same . You know you're doing better on your own , ( on your own)So don't buy in . Live right now . Yeah , just be yourself . It doesn't matter if it's good enough ( good enough)For someone else . 
I like to make my self believe that the planet eath turns slowly ......... RIP Brittanny Murphy that's crazy man 
I wanna tickle your belly button ,... from the inside 
happy magical jewish messiah birthdate 
Can I get get get to kno kno kna know you better better baby 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 2011 ! 
Whoops Happy New Year , 2011 ! 
This is defenetly the best fucking country in the world , hangovers and all 
serious business and journals for the rest of the week in tokyo =/ 
Final Presentations are going pretty well , I am liking the group synchronization that I am having with Zareen Tasneem < PROPMALE > M . Yoojin < PROPFIRST > and i guess < PROPFEMALE > Wang even if shes like 20 blocks away 
Leaving Tokyo has to be one of the hardest thing's ever , I want to thank all the Japan study abroad kids and the Rikkyo students Takumi Bannai Yoshi Mune Saki Nishimoto Suzuki Takanori Yosuke Yamamoto Yusuke Ikeda and the other's who don't have a Facebook . NYC here I come ! 
I didn't forget my main white guy < PROPMALE > Bird and the tour guide Aki Takemoto 
Is Back in New York , it feels like I went back 50 years in time , NYC looks like Tokyo's Dumping zone , miss japan so much 
Yeah I think I spent a little too much in Tokyo , now I don't have any money to spend in New York City 
Where to look , where to look , I wonder who's hiring 
I can see how formspring would piss alot of people off on FB hahah 
Too much Formspring for one evening 
ok good night 
I just saw Twilight for the first time , I really don't understand how is this movie popular ? the acting in this movie is so horrible . 
Sometimes it's very difficult to distinguish between house , trance , electronica and techno music 
I actually like the new FB simple layout , I had this layout for a week now though , maybe b/c I'm so \live\ " ... i hope i used that word right " 
can we stop sending these hugs with animals please lol 
I am so tired of pizza , hate that shit now 
Two song's I can't stand right now are Bedrock and Daddy's Home , dead ass makes me want to crash my car into a pole when I hear them . 
Club Monaco offers 20% off all items when you show them your College ID 
Happy Lunar New Year 
I need take a month break from my social life , find my self a job , get serious with school and get my ass back to where I belong 
Has decided to sell his soul and join the apple hype by deciding to buy either a macbook pro or an Imac 
Alright I really want to see Shutter Island now 
ever since i moved to this house , i feel like a carpenter , shopping at home depot daily , building furniture from my bed to my closet , painting , drilling , measuring etc etc 
Is buying the < PROPFEMALE > Stone for Japanese , trying to speak this language for only 2 days out of the week is really not enough 
It's funny how I can buy a hunting Rifle but I can't buy a beer , really strange country I live in 
Has ordered his MacBook Pro effin excited for march 12 
I am actually studying for a test , amazing what a little inspiration can do to the laziest of people 
alright so Apple is effin awesome , should have made the switch years ago 
WOWOWOW reactivating my gym membership , throwing the cake away and ordering from whole foods . 
< PROPMALE > - Lady Gaga is a good song , and i am not ashamed to say i love lady gaga and have been listening to her since she came out . 
ok so , add me on skype alexander . chirgadze 
I got 20 pages of Japanese homework to do , hmmmm to do it now or in the morning before class I do not know , I thinking of going to the gym at 6 am also too ... 
You can upload documents and pdf's to google for them to translate them for you ? well now , I don't think I'll have any HW for the rest of the semester 
my hair smells like throw up , I consider my self a pretty nice person when it comes down to helping friends who are too drunk to say their own name , let alone getting back home . 
I need someone to look over my resume , someone with a job per say hahah , i think my objective is a bit long but I need a second opinion 
TVR midterm tomorrow , haven't read a < PROPFEMALE > I wonder how will I do . 
\Even a faulty watch is correct twice a day \"" 
Last midterm tomorrow , yes ! But it's ??????? 
I liked it better when my activities didn't show on my FB , other than the nosey people , it just looks like there is mad junk on my wall lol 
kill < PROPMALE > vol . 3 2014 
this dude < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > got my listening to Hold Yuh andother songs by Gyptian 
Yo I wanna congratulate Fion Su for getting accepted to Baruch , you deserve it . 
Lost my phone son , check your cars , your houses , your purses and your pockets , please and thank you =D 
I got money on my head but I'm riding in the drop- drop- drop- drop 
I just seen a guy get thrown excuse me flung on to the street where a police dude jumped out on him and beat him with a night stick than a police car pulled and took em away 
well anyway I am in city bar hopping , hit me up if you wanna chill =D 
When I turn 21 I won't even feel like drinking 
Yeap I mad happy right now , and Summer 2010 is looking better than ever 
I don't really care bout another other teams in Sports period other than the Lakers and maybe the Italian World Cup team but the Playoffs officially started for me today with them winning lets go ! 
I almost forgot that tomorrow is 4/20 , who am I chilling with =D 
Studying all weekend shit kinda blows can't go out 
< PROPFIRST > Doisneau was one hell of a really good photographer 
So Wednesday is going to be my first day heading back to the gym , changing my daily diet etc etc , I am going record what I eat day to day , how much I work out , and also record when I weigh my self and check on muscle-fat ratio ... should be fun I'll be putting the flip camera to good use 
I am < PROPFEMALE > fucked up right now < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > idk how the fuck i got home , we met < PROPFIRST > legend 
I am experiencing the worst hangover of my life for some odd reason , can't function today at all , so many saturday night plans all wasted 
It's the Dirty Money 
wow Celtics raping Cavs right now 
Damn did twitter die or am I in twitter jail 
Everytime I drink something I drink as if I am taking a shot , people just saw me take a shot of juice and looked at me as if I were stupid , I need to chill out on the drinking 
Ke$ha's album is not bad at all though , i know i'm late but it's poppin 
It's either Lakers or not , your team don't matter 
I just did a 3 < PROPFEMALE > dialouge in Japanese no mistakes , lets get it , didn't even use the paper . Too hype right now for this rainy weather about to do cartwheels and summersaults with my hair down . 
I aint cut out for ish like this man I swear , there are things everyone is good at and there are something people can't deal with , and this is that thing I can't deal with 
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky like shooting stars i could really use a wish right now 
Who wants to place bets on the finals ??? 
Monday , Wednesday Schedule with a 4.0 GPA holla back 
Behind ever cute single girl is one crazy ass ex boyfriend 
USA USA USA !!!!!! I'm rooting for Italy over all but for this match USA ! 
Dam getting home at this hour and then having a class at 8 is not working out at all 
One thing one my mind and that is the LAKERS 
OMG I AM HAVING AN HEARTATACKKKKKKKK !!!!!!!!!!!!! LETS GO LAKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT HOLY SHIT 
LAKERS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
LAkers won this game , kobe didn't the lakers did , I love this team so fucking much 
wow I am so mad , what a mistake on the refs for not counting that goal , but good effin work USA 3 Goals coming back from 0-2 in the first half , nice job ! 
Non ho < PROPFEMALE > sentito cosi deluso , la mia squadra azzuro inviato in Italia 
Someone might wind up dead tonight at my job , Italy getting eliminated so early .... I don't think I should go to work today people are already flipping out 
Screw this world cup I'm over it , none of my teams made it to the qaurter finals not even worth watching it anymore , and as for tennis < PROPMALE > Roddick got eliminated by some newbie , man going on a sports hiatus 
Wow These germans are like something else , destroying teams left and right 
Long Island for the rest of weekend till Tuesdays , surfing all day lets get it . 
If i could write you a song to make you fall in love , i would already have you up under my arm i used up all of my tricks i hope that you like this but you probably wont you think your cooler than me 
Dam the smell of Burnt Popcorn is hard to get rid of 
Packing for Japan shunnnnnnnn here , lets get it ! 
In Chiba , Japan next to the beach enjoying it shunnnnnnnnnnnnnn 
So sadly I got what they here in Japan call Air Conditioner sickness 
all of my cloths smell like smoke 
I'm not a < PROPFEMALE > , someone lied I got a pistol in my car ... a 45 , if i die today rem me like < PROPFIRST > Lennon , buried in < PROPFIRST > im talking all brown lenin 
I ate fried Whale , Whale Tempura and BBQ Whale ...... it was so cash 
Is in the West part of Japan , misses Tokyo though 
Leaving Japan tomorrow , it's a lot harder the 2nd time around =/ 
Lady Gaga is pretty smart business wise , or her marketing team knows what the F they are doing , re releasing the same album but remixed ...... and it aint bad either 
3rd n half year student feeling like a freshman in this school lol 
I go to sleep at 10 pm the latest and wake up at 6 am everyday since I came back , what riveting lifestyle i lead hahah 
any one use gmail ? does music start playing everytime you log on ? I think my gmail got hacked , it's funny though 
I am asked to write a paper bout why I want to study in Japan and why I love Japan , usually i hate to explain my self but that's not the problem , the problem is I am forced to keep it 12 pages when I already have 14 mid way 
has cut his hair , lol two years in the making idk how i feel right now 
Rain and cold-er weather , = leather jackets and gray hats , can't wait to wear the same hat all fall and winter 
Last night was one my stupidest fun nights ever hahah ah man , I love you guys 
Sleep , It's good for the body :) 
Time to sell some Kimonos , and talk to these girls right quick <3 
It seems the more fucked up a guy is to his girl , the more likely that girl will stay with that guy . Either she trying to change him or just emotionally low on self esteem . 
Is it bad that every time i eat an orange , i also taste vodka ? 
Lol I need to stock up on 4Lokos before they try to do something funny , I don't think they can ban it but eghhh . Kids are stupid though , alcohol is alcohol no matter how good it tastes . 
A quick update on my life , I got a job at Superdry and I got accepted to Rikkyo University , where I will be spending a year in TOKYO JAPAN ! 2010 Has to be by far the best year for me , extremely happy . 
Pretty Fucking Happy , Hahahah My status changes on my wall makes me look like I am Bipolar 
F-I-N-A-L-S ( Fucking Insane Now And Lack Sleep ) 
Daft Punk has a new album out , well there goes my studying for the weekend . 
I seriously can't wait for March , a lot of bullshit in the way of until the arrival of March , I'm marching down to March . 
I left my work at 8 pm , and I just got home . I want to thank the New York Sanitation for doing a wonderful job , I hope you guys had an wonderful day off and I also want to thank the MTA who are always on point no matter the situation . I do not know what NYC would do without you guys . 
Damn son , I don't know how I feel right . I have a mixture of happiness and sadness all at the same time . It's always unpredictable man . 
I am just speaking nonsense , w/e . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > online sale , say what ? 
Going Pescetarian until the end of march 
So I am on Fedex top priority list now hahah , it's amazing what yelling and shouting can do when a company is trying to provide good costumer service . 
Damn son , I want to buy everything right now like every damn thing 
Siberian Breaks - MGMT best song of this century , seriously can listen to it for for the whole day over and over . 
Denim shirts and Leather Jackets , I fucking love them 
Alright , I miss Japan 
Sigh , I just want to get fired man . 
Seriously the worst jeans I had to ever wear , in the history of my life . 
If you don't try to keep in contact with me , then why should I with you . The nerve of some people that think they are worth more than others . 
And here come the text's , I'm off to work 12 hour shifts and all , fighting the power ! 
Damn , I forgot all about this paper work I had to do for School , holllllllyyyyy shit 
Who's got a tumblr , flow me and I got you back shun , I got you 
BLACK AND YELLLOW ! 
This Game is so intense , holy fuck 
really good game , congrats packers 
This new view pictures features on FB is weirding me out 
Tumblr is so good 
Just 1 kiss will make you better , just 1 kiss and then we will be alright 
Damn , Japan =/ 
Sigh , I actually want to be in Japan right now this fucking sucks man , people need to put a pause on the materialistic and selfish concerns for at least a minute and take look around on whats going on . Your food and cloths will still be there after , I promise . 
I am tired of people trying to tell me to not go to Japan , fuck that , my mind is made up , this incident made me go even more . People are need of help and I am willing to help out in anyway I can . 
Sigh have a stomach virus , just threw up 4 times I am prolly calling out of work tomorrow =/ 
Whoa what , i am pretty fucking retarded right now 
Sooo many drunken texts were sent out last night 
