got her power back finally ! 

Nothing lasts forever . Not the good or the bad . So you might as well smile while you're here . 
Who you want to be is not nearly as important as who you are right now . 
.... But my heart has no conscience . And no part of me will apologise . 
wishes she could go back in time , and that things didn't change . 
\Time grabs you by the hand and pulls you fast . Sometimes faster . And we don't notice at first because we're all still shocked at being alive . \"" 
is sick . 
is extremely hungry , but can't stand the taste of anything . 
got pulled over , and got a warning * ick * 
I will hold on until there is no more reason to . And in the end , I will break the stars and resurrect the sun . 
Don't be afraid of the world . We're just all the people you could've been 
just sat through SEVEN straight hours of Apples to Apples . 
And though the waves might bring you down and though the currents might pull you under , the sky is always still right above you . And your friends will show you the way . 
finally got home ... without having to talk to the cops ! 
You say the things you don't need to say . Because it hurts when you don't say them . 
Maybe I come from dust . And maybe the air and the lights and the world will one day tear me apart and to dust , I will return . But if you ever see me again , in this life or the next , there will be enough of me left , to become a rock . Or something , at least , that you can < PROPFEMALE > on . 
is pretty much dead . 
is sunburned :( 
Thanks Dearest < PROPFEMALE > The Badass ! 
And everyone , somewhere , is someone , if we only give them a < PROPMALE > . 
The best time to reflect is when you like the person looking back . 
The sun , it rises slowly as you walk\ 
Away from all the fears\ 
And all the faults you've left behind 
And if your strife strikes at your sleep\ 
Remember spring swaps snow for leaves\ 
You'll be happy and wholesome again\ 
When the city clears and sun ascends 
Which is why when you feel that it'll take everything you have and you think that it'll take a lifetime to accomplish , you need to remember that that's exactly what you have . 
Inertia is so easy -- don't fix what's not broken . Leave well enough alone . So we end up accepting what is broken , mistaking complaining for action , procrastinating for deliberation . \ " , 2010-1 0-0 5 12:23:53 " 
That's exactly why nature always trumps gardens . Gardens are just reality pruned of chaos . What doesn't work you rip out . 
