I need more hearts or I'm afraid it will stop beating !!!! 

What a great day today ... I feel fabulous for the first time in a long while ... look out world I'm having a super day !!!!! 
It is only by thinking about great and good things that we come to love them , and it is only by loving them that we come to long for them , and it is only by longing for them that we seek after them ; and it is only by seeking after them that they become ours . Is that great or what ???? 
Hey everyone ... my daughter ( < PROPFEMALE > Videen ) just started playing farmville ... she's looking for new neighbors so I'm asking all my neighbors to head on over and invite her in .... thanks 
It is not how much we have , but how much we enjoy , that makes happiness ........ How profound is that ??? 
Life need not be easy to be joyful . Joy is not hte absence of trouble , but the presence of Christ . 
Life need not be easy to be joyful . Joy is not the absence of trouble , but the presence of Christ . 
Do not keep the alabaster box of your love and friendship sealed up until your friends are dead . Fill their lives with sweetness . Speak approving , cheering words while their ears can hear them , and their hearts can be thrilled and made happier . The kind things you mean to say when they are gone , say before they go . 
I need two irrigation pipes for my botanical garden in farmville .... can anyone help me out ???? 
< PROPFEMALE > your visions ; < PROPFEMALE > your ideals ; < PROPFEMALE > the music that stirs in your heart , the beauty that forms in your mind , the loveliness that drapes your purest thougths , for out of them will grow all delightful conditions , all heavenly environment . 
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful moms !!! May you all have a wonderful day today !!!!! God bless you all ......... 
The joy you give to others is the joy that comes back to you ..... a-men 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man\ 
wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND\ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her \ 
how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he\ 
could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing\ 
smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against DomesticViolence\ 
? 
Love is patient ; love is kind ; love is not envious or boastful or arrogant or rude . It does not insist on its own way ; it is not irritable or resentful ; it does not rejoice in wrongdoing , but rejoices in the truth . It bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things . Love NEVER ENDS . 
Every job is a self-portrait of the person who did it . Autograph your work with excellence . 
I wish you humor and a twinkle in the eye ... I wish you sunshine on your path and storms to season your journey . I wish you peace -- in the world in which you live and in the smallest corner of the heart where truth is kept . I wish you faith -- to help define your living and your life . More I cannot wish you -- except perhaps love -- to make all the rest worthwhile . by < PROPFIRST > A . < PROPMALE > These I too wish for all of you !! 
Getting things done isn't nearly as important as taking time for love .... 
God created the world out of nothing , and so long as we are nothing , He can make something out of us . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes real happiness . It is not obtained through self-gratification , but through fidelity to a worthy purpose .... 
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply , to enjoy simply , to think freely , to risk life , to be needed . 
Remember that you are needed . There is at least one important work to be done that will not be done unless you do it ..... 
is feeling wonderful and full of life again 
Loving life and living it to the fullest .... haven't been this happy for sooooo long , I forgot what it feels like .... makes all your problems somehow seems much easier to bear !!! 
Let'ssee who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list , as a conscious decision . I wanted you there !! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but as family . Let's see who on my friends listactually pays attention . Copy/paste this as your status . I'll be ............ watching to see who really is . 
Go forth seeking adventure . Open your eyes , your ears , your mind , your heart , your spirit and you'll find adventure everywhere .... It is in your daily work , whether you are keeping books , making sales , teaching school , building bridges , driving truck .... There is adventure in giving the speech you are afraid to give . Think of whatever you are doing as an adventure and watch your life change for the better . 
Looking for more Farmville nieghbors .... anyone interested ... please contact me ... Thanks 
I NEED it to rain .... baby getting tired and crabby ... worked 18 days in row now and still going .... please God .... let it rain 
I would like to thank everyone for the great birthday wishes .... you are all so super ... I'd be lost without all of you !!! 
I'm officially free , yeah 
Here's wishing all my facebook friends and family a very safe and Happy Thanksgiving !!!.... be safe and have fun .. enjoy !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my facebook family and friends ... Hope you all have a great Christmas and are safe 
Can't wait ... getting my picture taken with my Granddaughter today .... yeah !!!! 
yeah Packers .... Man I love u guys .... The best !!!!!! 
Looking for more farmville neighbors .... anyone interested ? 
looking for cheap motorcycle 
