on an adventure !! 

is home till tomarrow morning then going to Hook Set , New Hampshire till friday ! ill be home for the weekend !!!! 
gettin a hur cut ... payin some bills . an cleanin the spot befor i head outa town again ! 
hopefully back to work soon ! 
yankeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees ! 
chillin like polar bear nuts . an hangin like ape titties .... lol 
notice to all ..... YOU HAVE GOT TO GO SEE AVATAR IN 3D downtown at the movies . if not you are missing out on something amazing . 
is gonna just keep on keepin on ... 
LOST 2night !!!! 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . Who would you like to punch in the face ? 
My dog was dying by inches , and dying by inches is hard , so I layed him out in the ally and left him die by the yard .... lol i know its awful folks but you have to admit its funny as shit too ... 
\I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just < PROPFEMALE > around until you get used to it .... \"" 
A man loves his sweetheart the most , his wife the best , but his mother the longest . ~ Irish Proverb ....... happy mothers day to all you momma dukes out there !! 
every man needs his garden ! lol 
chillin like a set of eskimo nuts ! 
agrees with T.S. Eliot - “Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go . ” 
Feels like a bag of hammered dog shit ... hydrocodones help to forget y tho ! LoL . 
is just chillin like a snowman's asshole lol 
What a great freakn weekend ! Cheers to what lies ahead ! 
may your organs fail you , before your dreams do ... 
is \just scratchin on < PROPFEMALE > balls with < PROPFEMALE > motha fuckin paws .. \ " Snoop Dog you sir are a modern day poet laureate ! lol " 
Let's friggin do this people ... Let the drinkin begin ! 
Got toasted at the no-wake today .. 
Happy memorial day everyone ! Let's not forget what this day means to us all ! Never forget the sacrifices the brave men an women have made , an will make , in defence of our great nation .. Thank you all !! 
is just doin the damn thing ! 
believes all things must be done in moderation , including moderation ! 
Dezzy you really are the dumbest person I have ever met ... An if any person wants to know just ask her lol ... 
cummon friday ......... 
okOk Its finally a weekend birthday for me .. I'm gettin shitty an whoes coming with me ?! 
Everyone thanks for all the birthday best wishes !! An yeah keep them coming I only have one day a year to whore this out lol . No let's get wasted !!! 
oh god .... day 3 of chaos ... MAKE IT STOP ! lol 
Ooooh whoooo lives in a pineapple under the sea , SPONGE < PROPMALE > SQUARE PANTS !! Who died in an oil spill because of BP ?! SPONGE < PROPMALE > SQUARE PANTS !! ... FUCK BP 
ill be Burger < PROPMALE > an you can be McDonald's . ill have it my way an you'll be lovin it . 
When . I . Read . This . The . Voice . In . My . Head . Takes . Pauses . 
Got his blackberry storm back ! 
Inception .... You all need to see this movie ! Now ... Like right now . GO 
chillin like a vilan ! 
Ryan ... kiss my ass . lol 
Wants to go too a restaurant that serves breakfast at anytime , and order french toast during the renaissance . lol 
Congrats Mr an Mrs < PROPFEMALE > $$ MONEY !!! 
its 4am .... wtf ... 
\ I want to < PROPFEMALE > a map of the world in my house then I’m gonna put pins into all the locations that I’ve traveled to . But first I’m gonna have to travel to the top two corners of the map so it won’t fall down \"" 
is chillin with my girl watchin some movies 
is chillin like some polar bear nuts ! 
< PROPFIRST > \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
What the fuck ... Amoney hit me up ! Makin sure you still alive man !? Lol what a night ... 
its been a bad day ... a bad month ... don't nobody wanna trade with my bag lunch ! lol 
Go BLUE bitches !! Michigan undefeated so far so good lol . And yea shoelace for nomination now ! 
can I kick a Lil sumpin ... for the G's ? lol 
When someone says \Stop\ " my brain says \ " Collaborate and Listen ! \"" 
Everyone ... You must see \get him to the Greek\ " I haven't finished it yet but it is fkn hilarious " 
Do you know why smokie th bear doesn't have any bear cubs ?........ Cause every time Mrs Bear gets hot he beats her with a shovel ! 
Says come in under this red rock , an I will show you fear in a handful of dust ... 
so everyone thinks eagles will lose ... well everyone ... fk you ! GO BIRDS BABY !!!! 
Let's go YANKS ! 
\I see . The monkey's out of the bottle now ! Pandora can't go back into the box - he only comes out . \"" 
See how forthcoming my Facebook friends are ... And if they are paying attention . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of your first name , No repeats . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this post on your Wall so I can leave a word about you . 
lets go BLUUUUUUUUUUUE ! lets show \ol ' < PROPFIRST > bones\ " an the \ " nittany kitties\ " how the fk we do what we do best ..... BEAT PENN STATE " 
What the fuck .... 
Is chillin like a vilian 
Movies with my better half tonight ! 
Omg .... Let's go blue !!! 
YESSSS WE WON !!!! 
Black Ops ... Its goin down bitches . Lol 
Just accidentally ripped his last pair of fkn contacts .... What a way to start my day .. 
Am I the only one that doesn't like to be treated like a fuckin fool ? Or is it just me ? 
??? ? ' ? ' ????? =( • ?? ) =?/ ???? /' ? ' ? ? this is a stick-up ... give me ALL yo [ ?? $ ?? ( ?? 1 ?? ) ?? $ ?? ] ??? ? ' ? ' ????? =( • ?? ) =?/ ???? /' ? ' ? ? ! 
notice to all : you need to look for a movie wherever you get yours called \a prophet\ " I promise you if you like gangster movies you will not be disappointed !! Why are you still reading this ..... Go get it .... Yeah you ! GO NOW lol " 
is hungry for a cockmeat sammich !!! 
Got gotten lol 
wiz quiz today ! yay for me ! 
wonders wtf the < PROPFIRST > thing is ...? 
Start a new job soon ! 
Bitch I'm back on < PROPFEMALE > grizzy .... 
Its 1am .. I have been at work since 630am . An I won't be done till 7am . What a first day on the job . Ladies an gentlemen welcome to the gas fields ... 
Its officially been 26 hours on the job ... I need to get some fkn sleep soon or I'm gonna fall out 
High ho . High ho . Off to freeze my nuts I go 
Started last night at 8PM an I'm still at work .... Place your bets on when you think ill get done .. Winner gets to let me sleep on their couch incase I can't drive home ! Bidding closes soon so place your bets ! 
90 hours this week .... Pay up bitches 
Wow . Somebody just blew my fuckin mind ( you know who you are lol ) what's this world cumin to !!! I'm actually pretty sure a pig flew over the < PROPFEMALE > after this one ... 
My entire company literally just quit . Anyone need a job . Lol 
Could go for a cold beer an some of that oowe son ! 
Wow what a day . 
< PROPFEMALE > Ho Ho day everyone ! 
Can't wait to walk into the hornets nest monday .... Should be fun . 
The people who are tryin to make this world a worse place aren't takin a day off .... How can I ? - < PROPMALE > - 
wtf just happened ... 
is chillin like a set of polar bear nuts ... 
job interview for percision drilling next tuesday at 930am ! things are lookin up my friends ! an say a prayer for my grandfather ... hes hangin in there but it isnt good 
They say what doesn't kill you makes you stronger . If that's the case then I should be more careful when I jerk off . After all this bullshit I'm afraid I might me strong enough to pull < PROPMALE > right off me ?! Lol 
Yay a mini vacation that I so desperately need ! Hurricane diddy is headed to reading !!! 
Reading ... Strip club ... BEER .. An a fist full of ones . Yeah I had some fkn fun . 
Let's go EAGLES !! Let's make the cheese eaters sorry they fkt with Philly . 
God damn you eagles ..... Why must thow steal away my one final joy of this wretched start of a year .. Cummon birds ... 
fkn eagles .... at least us fans are used to the disappointment . nothing new this year . let's hope they show a little more confidence in Vick next year . 
well ..... lets go BEARS !! since the same ol shit happens with the eagles ... an yeah stealers can still eat it . bums .... lol 
Another job interview Saturday at 9am sharp in bloomsburg for satelite installer . 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > ... its been four years since you passed an we all miss you . see you someday ( hopefully ) 
May we all be seen in heaven a half-hour before the devil knows we're dead . 
Wylin cause im young .... 
I was wondering if I ate a single tums , for heartburn would I have to tell people I ate a tum ? An would they know what I was even referring too ? 
Awe shit son ! I'm about to get paid . if anyone us currently accepting applications for a sugar daddy get at me lol . 
Wow Pittsburgh ... Your steel curtin is lookin more like a set of meat curtins . All soft an full of holes lol . Bums ... 
got a new job installing dish network !! start tomorrow at 7 !! bout to make it rain on these hoes lol 
playin around on my new laptop ! 
Wonders if this profile scanner bullshit is how peoples accounts and or info gets hacked . 
well i hate the steelers an i would rather be punched in the < PROPMALE > by < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > before rooting for the Packers ... sooo to hell with the superbowl basically 
is beat .. like a red headed step child 
it was colder than < PROPFEMALE>'s nutsack today .... an its gonna snow ... fml . 
Chicks get hammered , big < PROPMALE > bandit . Money flowin like a slit wrist no bandage ! 
