I like boobies and I think they should be out all the time . 

If someone has an Ugly baby , do you say something or not ? If you do , how and when do you tell them ? 
Debate to Date : Technology- Hindrance or Aid ? 
Are we as a nation becoming socialist ? 
So there's this Guy who has 9 kids by 9 different women , and 8 are boys 1 is a girl . So here's the question : When is enough , enough ? 
Debate of the Day : If you put Time & Effort into something and get little to nothing back from it , then how long should you go until you say \Enough is enough\ " and stop the Time & Effort ? " 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister or wrong it is . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get !! 
Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ..... wonder if I have 20 or more brave friends who will participate ?!? 
IN MEMORY OF ALL THOSE BABIES BORN SLEEPING OR WE NEVER GOT TO MEET Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered a BABY LOSS ??? the majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss is a taboo ??? break the silence ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ Babies Gone- too soon but never forgotten 
is wondering : If a person does all they can for people almost all the time , giving giving giving , when does the pay it foward make back to them . when does the crappy luck end and the good luck start ? 
In memory of all babies born sleeping or whom were carried , or whom were never met , or held in our arms . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered a loss of a baby . In memory of all angel babies ! ? 
@ 3pm I will no longer be able to be called \The Chart Guy\ " sweet ..... lmao " 
Weird I technically don't have a job right now ... LoL 
can't believe my daughter isalready a month ... This is so awesome ... 
Geared up to watch the beginning of Shark Week 2010 ... 
@ the apple store playing w/an IPad ... this is awesome ... lol 
cant stand seeing my baby girl in pain ... 
is so glad today was a better day 
