Single , a little lonely , So I made a Facebook HIYA !!!! 

Another 40 hour weekend at the hospital is done , finally I can relax today . Anyone wanna chill ? 
Another 32 hour weekend at the hospital is done , finally I can relax today . Anyone wanna chill ? 
Bored , lonely , blah 
No one cares when you're out on the streetPicking up the pieces to make ends meetNo one cares when you're down in the gutterGot no friends got no lover 
< PROPFEMALE > X-mas , and if u didnt get good gifts , then then who cares , lol EVERYONE LETS SMOKE MOAR ! 
Another 32 hour weekend done , Gonna have a nice day tomm , and just < PROPFEMALE > out around Point . 
Back online , spent my new years alone in a hot tub , without my phone . Meh I guess it was ok . . . . 
Classes FINNALLY picked , Message me if you're curious .? 
Nothin new , just resting today , payin some bills , not thinking about my inevitable weekend spending 32 hours at my job as a CNA at the Hospital as I do every weekend . Lifes ok , lonely as always . 
Weekends over , Just restin up , for another weekend , trying to see whos available . 
Ah , Nothing beats Resting on your day off , Gonna lay back and see if anyone talks to me today . 
Another 32 hour work Weekend Done . -Dreading college starting tommorrow- 
Why does working 8 hours at the hospital seem more tiring than my 16 hour weekend shifts ? o_O 
Today was another rest filled day . Getting bored though now , hopefully tommorrow ill be able to see someone , if noone tries making plans with me tonite .? 
No school , Anyone else plan on sleepin in today and just play their 360 ? 
Can Successfully duct tape Lobsters to his fists .!!! But at a terrible ... terrible cost ! 
Learned Not To Let the Past get him Down ( Today at least ) . Ive Become So Much More than They Will Ever Know ( Stan : the $900 every 2 weeks might show off the hard work also > X = F ) 
Man oh Man I sleep alot , Well rainy day but I'm still gonna try and < PROPFEMALE > with peoples , gimme a holler . 
Fuuu- Work Saturday . Oh man . Oh well At least I met up with a SHITLOAD of people this week . Good vaco good vaco 
Last Day of Vacation , sucks it all is over , I went from bored to so much stuff happening at once I couldn't even keep up . Wish I saw some more people though but Today's a good day . Well . Fuck it , Guess imma have to make it great ! lol 
Loves being a Social Retard ? Ive met some of the most beautiful people in my life , just by sitting down , looking pretty , and shutting up . Until I could think of a comment I myself wouldn't be offended to . If Love is anything like the care I have to give at my work to the patients . I'm a fool who really took a simple Idea and made it a mile . Work helps me think ! = 3 
Soul Eater , Also another amazing anime FTW . 
Damn spent the day drivin , had school from 630-915 , all arouud had fun shooting airsoft guns , smoking and enjoying the weather , lol I and almost forgot why Im not allowed to wear shorts XD . ( So what if I shave my legs lmfao ) Today I made over all a Good day ! 
FUU- Dont You HATE it when you type a friend a message and right when you were almost done , you accidentally < PROPFEMALE > backwards lol , now I cant even remember what I was typing -stereotypical anime facepalms- 
Got Final Fantasy XIII !!! Playin til 5ish go to my 630 English class at OCC . THEN SHALL PLAY UNTIL THE SUN RISES ( Squeels ) C'mon Who HASNT been psyched waiting for this game !!! 
Its ... Beautiful XIII didnt disapoint 3 hours given in and im just starting xhapter 4 . Well Off to bed for work 7am-330pm tomm . Night !!!!! 
Worked hard today , English class , saw my mom , Raped FF XIII for a few hours , stopped at a good point , now hittin the hay ! Plan on having fun with friends at OCC then collingswood for airsoft upgrades , bb's , moar guns ! 
cant complain about his day again either believe it or not ? 
Ever met pretty girls , and I mean , a lot , of pretty girls , and turns out they all actualy think youre an ok guy . Now I find myself having plans every Tue , and Fri . Shit , even weathers not touching my mood today . Finally I have friends to see during the week , and even some friends at work waiting for my 32 Hour weekend shifts tomm . ( Ok THAT may still piss me off XP ) 
Why the 1 year after I graduate High School , WE GET A ZOMBIE DAY ?!?!?! WTFFFFUUUUU- I wanna dress like a zombie and fuck with H.S. Kids ! 
Wow , After 6months , I at least finnally got a date ... hmm ( Thinkin things are lookin a bit even better ) = ) 
Tomm should be just as Warm as today , no work , 12 30 class , then get to < PROPFEMALE > with K.t. and < PROPFEMALE > again . Feels good man , and next Friday i finally get to take a great girl to dinner or a movie . High Hopes , and High Dreams , Shit guess Im high on Life then ! ^_^ 
Going to class , then Seeing friends again today at OCC . then my Work Weekend starts tommorrow . This weeks been all around good , I must admit . = ) 
Hmm , I cant decide , before I leave fpr class , should I watch Anime .... or Play Final Fantasy XIII ! hmm decisions ..... decisions ..... lol 
No Class til 6:30 , got the day to just relax and rest up til tomm , Watchin a couple episodesof Soul Eater trying to < PROPMALE > my Characters current stat limits in Final Fantasy again before I get to disk 3 ! =3 A Nice day to smoke and be a Nerd ! 
Watchin Soul Eater now , just enjoyin my last day til work ! 
Yay ' for getting off early today . Still got a 16 hour shift tomm . But hell Yeah I'm gonna do something useful with 8 hours of freedom ! =3 
Weekend Work is OVA !!! May have spent my Easter at work from 7am to 1130 pm , but hey gotta make that greenry . 
Nothing beats a nice late night drive , smoking a quick cig blasting MGMT , Good Times . 
She got the current in her hand Just shock you like you won't believe Sun in the amazon With the voltage running through her skin Standing there with nothing on She gonna teach me how to swim 
Havent Drinken since new years , Lmfao Rockstar , Blue rasberry Kool < PROPFEMALE > and Bacardi and pet semetarys , WTF is going on here ? LMFAO XD 
O_o Its hot Out , But everyone knows this , Least Me and Jakes Room feels like the antarctic ! X3 Who else is enjoying the sun a little bit today ??? 
Still No Internets , But UPDATE FROM a hospital terminal computadora ! lmfao ! Im just 1hr and 17 minutes away from freedom !!!!!! Til I have school Monday at least but still YAY ! =3 
^_^ Internet's finally back !!! ( lol , 11 days without , so says my brother . ) 
Happy 420 ya'll =3 
Well I made LIETERALLY Every HOUR of 4/20 count . Great day , feelin ' pretty burnt , probably just gon ' play Final Fantasy XIII til i fall asleep ^_^ 
Night ya'll Off to work at 7am till 330 , Later Gaterzzzzz ! 
yay , weekends over , now i can get a full nights sleep ! ^_^ 
Chill Week , just DOIN THANGS . Playin Poke'mon ( HeartGold ) , further over lvling in Final Fantasy XIII . Enjoying my Week and Free Time ^_^ 
Love Nightime , Wish I could Just Fall Asleep before 3 am sometimes =3 
Another Nice Day , Smokin , Pokemon , and level Grinding ^_^ . Ahh Such a simple week its been ! 
SNAAAAAAAAAAKKKKKKEEEEEEE !!!!! =3 
Spread Out M Hours , Now Works 4 days a Week and Every other Weekend , but Hey No More 16 Hour Shifts at least ? And Im always home at 330 ? Yay for more afternoon tiem ! 
O_O Oh Wow , Persona 3 FES , is an Amazing game , my 1st game played from < PROPFEMALE > Megami Tensei ... but its an amazing RPG for the Ps2 . 
Back From Work , Happy Knowing I can manage my time , Probably gonna walk around Point Beach orjust around town or something later , Enjoy This Weather Ya'll! Maybe Ill see somebody =) 
The way you're dancing , Makes me come alive , Makes me shiver and perspire ! Your surreptitious glancing , The way you crack a smile , Nearly start a fire ! ( Placebo ) 
< PROPMALE > RAMSES !!!!!! The Man In Gauze !! The Man In Gauze !! ^_^ 
I Now own a $730 Samsung R480 !!! LAPTOP !!!! Woot I finally Treated myself ( tho its 60 na month for 18 months til its paid off ) I Have a WebCam !!!! HEEHEEHEE !!! ( gives brother shitty old one ) 
New Laptop , Great Day , Beer Pong , Work in the a.m. Gotta Love Fridays ! 
Another Great day its shaping outo be , called outta work ( hangover ) PlayingFinal Fantasy13 and Just unlockedthe 7th are for my poke'walker , if I just had a metalcoat for my scyther id be shitting Rainbows Rightnow ! 
What would it take not to confuse anyone , just for my words and writing to be taken for their intentions , not the Venom as they always are , I hate confusing people when Im just trying to say something simple ? Anyone Else Always seem to suffer this problem ? 
Damn , 19 , Thank you so much everyone for all the Happy Birthdays again ! 
Internets back and after 3 weeks soooo . . . i'm back online , LMFAO . Like i'm even on much as it is ? 
Ugg how do i even work the silly camera on a laptop , 3 months its like speaking braiL !!! lol Xp 
Heehee New Pictures ^_^ , and i have all weekend off ! 
Hey Everyone , Thank you so much for all the nice messages about the pics , geez im getting girls to notice me suddenly that are under the age of 65 ( Im a Certified Nurses < PROPFEMALE > for a Hospice Unit so Dont take that the wrong way ;3 ) 
Ahh what a great day to have off , I haven't had the pleasure to enjoy a rainstorm from the comfort of my bed in a long time ^_^ 
Just when they thought , Id never let go , With the Heart of a Lion , I'm taking back my soul . ( just a silly lil exert from something I wrote earlier ) 
Saw Inception Last Night , I Recommend it to anyone , it was really Amazing ! =3 
Yawns , The Only thing that still bothers me about being single , is when i gotta see my step brother and his GF all over the couch XP dammit I Tainted that couch years before them ! 
Well at least I can enjoy my last day off work before my Vacation next week , yay ! 
On vacation , dont leave for SC til thurs . Anyone would like to go out this week ? Id text but im not sure who to ask . ^_^ ' 
Leaving for < PROPFEMALE > Beach tonite , I just hope I can use this vacation of mine , to try and clear my head and relax , Just gotta keep reminding myself , I deserve this . Or a tan at least . ^_^ 
Internet is still down at home , luckily im at my moms with my pup godiva again . Works the same just Keep on Ravin ' I guess ? lol ^_^ ' 
Huzzah my internet is fixed turns out it wasn't comcast my dads just a dummy who likes unplugging things without knowing . Oh well internet's back , bills are paid , enjoying my day off =3 
HAHAHA Yay Weeknd Off gonna blaze out , n ' chill out til I gotta go back to the \old Mines\ " I call it ( cause everyone theres black or a dying resident ) . Stay Cloudy ;3 " 
Nice weekend off , Back to Work in the Morning , Off to enjoy what time I got left to . . . well . . . enjoy til work ! ^_^ 
Well Schools looking a bit problematic atm with financial aid problems , worse comes to worse ill miss this semester and just work . This don't mean i'm giving up on fighting OCC tooth and nail about this . ;3 
Persona 3 for the PSP , Amazing remake , just wish they kept all the voice acting , Still a great game , hehe extra cash for helping my mom pays off well ^_^ 
DubStep Lovers ! Are ANY of you out there ???? On my day off i discovered tracks that literally \blew my mind \"" 
Sprained wrist at work . Ugg 219lb lady was all it took , finnally got hurt at work gurrrrrrrrr , 1week 10 lb weight lifting limit at work ? Hope i heal quick . 
And On that Day , Not a Single Shit Was Given ! Ahh sprained wrist still , but gotta enjoy my day off =3 Persona 3 FES awaits meeeeeeee 
- < PROPFEMALE > Treasure Theme Plays- One white , One black . Both 2 zip-ups with a furry hood ^_^ 
I'm So Gifted At Findin ' What I Don't Like The Most . So I Think It's Time For Us To Have A Toast . Cause Baby I Got a Plan , \Runaway\ " As Fast as you can . . . " 
Off to work , lol felt like logging on before leaving seeing if anything was new on facebook . Laterzzz 
Off Tommorrow , Yaaaay -flails arms- Can Bet I'll Be Catching Up On My Z's , Then Probably Bother < PROPMALE > A-A-A-S per Usual . =) 
FFFuuuuu- Its technically now my day off but i've got the worse insomnia . Who'd like to join me in a good old fashion game of \sheep counting \"?!" 
First Night In my New Appartment . Things are looking up for me ! Bout ' Time =3 ( I'm just happy to be back living in T . R . ) 
First Night in Appt . Wasn't too bad ( But why is it always so hard to fall asleep when your in a new place ? ) Dr. s Appt . at 11:30 to look at my noggin . Hear from y'all peeps l8r . I'M BACK IN TR ! I feel this upcoming semester is gonna have alooot of good change . Otherwise so , ill make it change ? 
Back from the Doctor . Finnally got to just say EVERYTHING , and be able to feel understood . Im actually ok taking the medicine . Im taking steps to further my life . Come next semester Im going to try and be ready to look for my old friends , and find new love where it can be found . Hell maybe its right next to me and I dont even know it ? ;3 
Another Day , And Off Tommorrow , Getting myself a Dresser for the Appartment , As for Right Now Time to kick up my feet . See if I can strike up a convo with anyone . And Shoot The Breeze ! ;3 
On top of the world you get nothing done\ 
Talk is cold and burns like the sun\ 
Cant you see these skies are breaking ? \ 
cause the top of the world is where Im from . . . And I am One ( of a kind ) ;3 
Stayed at my < PROPFEMALE>'s last Night . Good to be Home , Now I'm glad I am off today ( called out for tomm . ) I spent enough time shoveling for one Winter . Time to stay Warm and Relax . 
For a Day in Its been Very relaxing , been drawing , posting and enjoying myself today =3 
They Call me < PROPMALE > ! =3 
Hearts on fire , may burst out of my chest . Even on Lovex I cant control this feeling in myheart . And I can only Scream where its been for so long ! 
Hold your feet down to the Ground , Don't Fall Now , Keep your heart as It Was Before , for You still Wear the Crown . Now Lift your head Strong And Proud , The Heart of a Lion , Standing tall above the Crowd . 
Just Torrented \Voices of The Lifestream\ " . Over 2 gigs of some of the most BEAUTIFUL remixes of Final Fantasy 7's soundtracks Ive ever heard ! My day is Most Certainly Now on a Tier all its own ! " 
Adventure Time , Is Such a Great Show . 
Happy New Years , Any Final Fantasy Fans wanna Jam ? Ive got the Voices of the Life stream ( FF7 ) torrent that makes the SICKEST Background Music ! =3 
I got all ready for Work to remember that I'm off today . Gonna cash my paycheck , pay bills , go buy my PlayStation 3 , then finish my New Years < PROPFEMALE > with some laundry at my moms . ( Supposed to see my dad but after digging their cars out yesturday todays gonna be a ME DAY . ) =3 
Let me hear this broken record again , just press repeat\ 
I can be your new favorite waste of time , and you'll be mine\ 
All I want is your attention , it's all the same thing\ 
Are you in ? What's it gonna be ? \ 
Don't roll with the punches , make it hard for me baby . \ 
( Sofie Needs a Ladder - Deadmau5 ) 
Well saw my Dr. today . Upped my presc . simply to 150mg . Todays a good day off Especially with all these Deadmau5 remixes ive found =3 
I think Works finnally starting to take a toll on me today . Gonna hit the hay early . 
Ya wanna know what cures a break-up , as well as driving through this awful snow ? DEADMAU5 . . . . 
Damn I have got to say it was a goodday , ive been single for 48 hours and talked with more girls than the past 3 months , i feel like im learning how to just relax and enjoy good company . ;3 
Well , for a day indoors I must say Ive been very relaxed . Got further in Persona 4 , as well as Fallout New Vegas , time to listen to Sofi Needs a Ladder and Go do Laundry ! Then Work in the AM . ;3 Keep on Raving guys . 
Anybody else Here Need a Ladder ;D 
Works over , gotta safe ride for tomorrow , Today shall BE A DAY OF GREAT REST AND RELAXATION ! I Hereby decree it so xD 
Ok you're a Goon But whats a Goon to a Goblin ? Ill tell ya Nothin , Nothin . -turns up the beat- 
Anxiety attacks , uggg . Gonna go out in a few , see a movie , try and clear my head . 
How did SHE of ALL PEOPLE have to be my top match today on match.com . She hates me and my ex WHO HATES ME , yet still even love gurus say we were a great match . What the hell World , What the Hell ! Damn you match.com Now shes in my head again . Ugg not like she ever left , guess thats fate . 
Life can behard , but when someone tries to tell me to come back to reality , I wish I could cast Firaga on them . I live in myreality , and its mine alone . 
Sick = C Tried to go to work ended up being sent home , Sore throat and aches . Need to really rest today . 
Sent home early , I have to get better reallythis being sick just isnt me . Thankfully Im not alone . 
Time off From Work , Time to as an Introverted man assort my Priorities , Despite some financial troubles , family's come through ( Alot) ! And really helped me through some tough shit . If only I wasn't feeling so glum . 
Been thinking , though when I have what I want Im never pleased unless I further work upon it . Does this make me a perfectionist ? Or do I just enjoy the details in life ? Is it so bad how I enjoy stopping to examine the world flying by me at what seems 180 mph ? I sometimes think everyones just running like clockwork . No one stops to examine the gears that makeup their mechanics . Anyone at all know where Im coming from ? 
Great Day With a very Pretty Girl , finishing the day taking my brother to practice , and filling more job apps with mi motha . good day good day ! 
Time Off , Been Free To Think , But Nomatter how I try I just cant find enough reason to get outta the house . I miss people i guess its just me being antisocial , well im trying not to be . 
School at 1230 gotta print out an essay , then go \learn\ " blegh " 
Well Off to OCC , ill be printing an essay in the library , then i guess sit in my corner in the solar lounge til i can go to class , then im off on another adventure . 
Finally i'm on a medication i don't feel so out of it on , decent sleep but gotta make phone calls today clear some false info regarding my work contact information and blahblah blah . 
Maybe I should go for an EMT , i have my CNA and HCAA maybe ambulance is a good idea 
Alright Guys , DO YOU KNOW WHAT \TIME\ " IT IS ?! =3 " 
Past few weeks , lost new job before I got it , government held money 2 weeks late , and to save money ill be moving back to Point Pleasant . Yeah its saddening but it must be the new meds here but i'm still looking to be an EMT , cant stop moving after I made it this far . But I learned life will take sucker punches at you whenever it can . And how we take the damage that shapes our inner persona . 
