Cant sleep .... n have no mindless video games to play > < 

needs attention . sigh . really needs attention . and needs dreamweaver to stop bugging out . sigh ... technology sucks when you really think about it ;P 
y r men such a pain in the ...... gah . n they DONT EVEN REALIZE IT GAH ! 
sdfknraskm n<PROPFEMALE>';okdf m < PROPFEMALE > ' aeoilr nma'lk < PROPFEMALE > ' rinfg 
dissapointment 
would u get to ur computer !!!! 
happiness 
contentment 
relaxed , happy , and finally breathing steady .... so much stress starting to go away 
Anticipation , GLORIOUS anticipation of really really good things . :) 
sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeepytime , g night world 
Off to bed soon , excited to have coffee with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow !! <3 
disappointed 
in a very good mood , despite the drama going on in the front room with the guys lol 
Doooooo your ears < PROPFEMALE > low ? do they wobble to and fro ? can you tie em in a knot ? can you tie em in a bow ? can you throw them over your shoulder like a continental soldier ? do your ears ... < PROPFEMALE > ... low ? lol stupid ice cream man , now its stuck in my head > < . 
lol i got < PROPFEMALE > hooked on UNO !!! rofl 
writing is fun but exhausting 
<<< Is finding it VERY difficult to edit Chapter 1 with < PROPFIRST>'s stupid brother cursing and screaming in the other room because he can't seem to win at a dumb video game ! ( Half tempted to go throw raw eggs at him ! ) 
GRaaAAHH Why are boys so stupid and loud for NNNOOOO Reason ? I CANT concentrate !!! 
I'd say men ..... but ... no 
anyone have ear plugs ? :( 
can't sleep ... 
im not gonna have net very often , so if u need to get a hold of me , or wanna say something , send me a message , instead of writing on my wall . im more likely to get it that way . take care . 
Joy's of life eh ? 
packing sucks . 
trying to figure out everything i need to do b4 i leave for Oz ... 
waitin 4 my berries to grow 
first day of work tomorrow afternoon , should get some sleep now lol . 
sad that i didnt make it to the river 
tired , closing took a lot longer than expected , and i hate having to stand all day in flip flops .... were not allowed to wear tenne shoes . 
tired and on my way to bed , a prayer for kimmie and the clark/smith/green family , hope you can do the same . 
sad , lost my phone :( , happy getting my clutch fixed , also happy kimmy is better .... guess the good out weighed the bad today . pretty good day . 
Just thinking , what i would be doing if I were in Australia right now . 
Good mood . things just seem lighter today . kind of nice 
is going to the city with < PROPFEMALE > to see joelie 
could rly use some dayquil > < 
cant send neighbor request for fishville ... add me as neighbor ? :) 
Me : \I vote we play the ' lets not irratate Mom game'\ " Andrew :\ " ok ... But i warn you .. I looove to irratate you \"' rofl ! " 
needs attention .... bored . 
Agitated , bored , restless , and tired of waiting on other people . sigh 
sketchbooketh !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
lol its like a highschool reunion on facebook for me today :) waterfall effect lol 
is it strange when your 5 year old barks in their sleep ? lol 
grrrrrr 
i need to learn to sleep , too much anti christ conspiracy theory on youtube ugh 
White 
Pink now . 
MY TURN FOR BLACK ! 
so tired 
Does not feel well 
I don't think , that things can continue like this . Something has got to change for the better and stay that way . Is life really supposed to be this hard ? I mean I am a fairly happy person despite , ( I mean I have my moments but don't we all ) but come on ... seriously ? Can I catch some pocket Aces or something , hell I'd even settle for a pair of Jacks ... but Something ..... cause these cards aren't cutting it . 
LEEEEEEEERRRRRRRROOOOOOOOOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY JJJJJJJJEEEENNNNNNNNNKKKKIIIIIINNNNNNNNNNSSSSSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I'm not away !!! lol 
Sleep well world . 
I need a knight in shining armor . 
would like to be first on someones priority list instead of being the one trying to cram others on mine , and then getting ditched when im not good enough . 
way too early in the morning to be getting up for me ugh 
well good night . i suppose ... 
STILL waiting for the ever responsible Holbrook yet supposedly overflowing to call with the school Andrews supposed to go to , which was supposed to happen last week . Beginning to think its a good thing hes not going to that school . 
Andrews starting kindergarten today , > < , I'm so nervous for him lol . 
ugh off to do laundry , folding , my fav .... <.< >.> heh 
sleep deprivation , 5 years and counting .... 
Ugh watching twilight ..... i want my own < PROPFIRST > ... 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . So question is .. why ARENT we helping our own children and people ?? 
This is the song that never ends . Yes it goes on and on my friend . Some people STARTED SINGING IT not knowing what it was , and they continued singing it forever JUST because this is the song that never ends .... 
bored 
tired and aggravated , maybe sleeping for a few more < PROPFEMALE > is in order > < 
omg i have GOT to get out for a night ! gonna LOSE my mind !!! 
Baking a chocolate chip cake Aj : \Mommy ! My dreams came true !! \ " Mom :\ " Oh ya what dreams are those ? \ " Aj :\ " My dreams of being spiderman look im sticking to the chair !! \ " :) " 
Last night Aj had a fever , Strangest thing happened tho and i dont know what to make of it . He just went completely pale & cold , thin layer of sweat on his face , but even the skin under the blanket went cold , like he'd been standing outside naked for a few < PROPFEMALE > utes . he warmed up after a < PROPFEMALE > or so , i haven't noticed it since , and the only thing that he said was that it hurt to move , happened to anyone else ? 
A change is in the air . A very necessary one . 
must cook dinner , or they're gonna start eating the table top . Peace . 
i need some attention . sigh . hanging out with friends and getting no attention sigh lol 
Passion weather it be political or religious , holds no more water than a sieve , if your not willing to step up and take action . 
About to use Photoshop ... Illustrator and Flash , to create some kind of Valentines Day master piece , ;) kinda 
off to make chicken enchilada's . yum yum 
well enchalada's were Bootifl , now gotta premake bagel dogs for tomorrow . funfun . 
Wishing I could travel to a beautiful place . 
Disappointed . Stuck at home , again by myself on a Friday night . I need a better social life . 
anyone know of a daycare in the concord area that will provide transportation after school ? ^ ^ 
I cant find my phone , and its dead , sigh 
It annoys me that people make videos and preach in such a fashion that frightens a person into wanting to become a Christian . Seriously , to scare someone into love is not true love . To prove the love of God , through example , now that is something worth thinking about . No one wants a God that has to scare the love into them , They want to follow a God that loves , 
im feelin the birthday love here on facebook YAY :) . 26 again , :P 
well first attempt at making my chocolate rasberry cake / frosting failed miserably . However the remake , of at least the frosting ( cake hasnt come out yet but if id doesnt crumble it will rock ) is FABULOUS ! They say 3rd times a charm , but for me , 2nd baby ! 
needs way more whiskey 
better mood , got to talk to an old friend last night ... made me laugh , got to take Bug to the store and get him sandals and some shorts . Then went to the park for a while , was nice . 
WEWTNESS !!!! tha < PROPFIRST > es here !!! 
I love , how for a year and a half ive been searching for a job and getting zero responses ... and right when i start getting interviews , finally , my car gets stolen . makes me wanna dance a jig of glee ... 
Once upon a time . There were sink men , and all they did all day was wash peoples hands . And one day , out of nowhere ALL the sink men ran away and no one saw them , except in the museum . Then all the scientists got together to find the sink men , and blew up their house ! They kept doing experiments and blowing up peoples houses till one day the scientists found all the sink men on an island . 
Dissapointing weekend with out a car . Stuck in the house 
Too early , never went to sleep . people . really . suck . 
see !!! I done CLOBBERED A FOX . Thats not all i wanna clobber . . . . . . 
i need a style . other than grungie dorkness . Nothing fits , < PROPFEMALE > HELP ! 
Anyone else that is on my FL and is only there to report to < PROPFEMALE > , and you in fact dont like me , please feel free to remove me . I am not desperate for friends and dont need people who are there with the intent to stab me in the back . Thank you . 
Was able to get < PROPFIRST > birthday party stuff , made my day . now , to work on the paper mache > < 
Boys are out playing pool , Bug's being a motormouth , and all I wanna do is sleep . Oh sweet lovely sleep ... 
my buggle is so dang cute ! 
what i wouldnt give to own a punching bag ... 
bored , so very bored . and no i dont wanna do laundry > < 
Guess I pissed off the sandman again . Hard to sleep more than 2 hours at a time . ugh 
gaaaaaaaaaaaaaah wanted to go to sleep an hour ago and bug is WIDE AWAKE > < and not feeling well :( 
ugh 
feels like 2+2 =3 today 
Oh how things just got so much more complicated ... 
Children seldom misquote you . In fact , they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said . \Unknown Author \"" 
Guild Wars is more entertaining than i remembered :) 
sometimes a person just needs a little pick me up .. 
Off to make dinner , feed the bug , and work some more on learning the time consuming , and precise annoyance of rotoscoping ... 
Would give my Right arm for a job , my left leg for a decent bed , and half of my remaining foot for a car ... 
I need a purpose , I need a job to get up for in the morning , something that gives me a < PROPMALE > at succeeding in life ... 
pain killers are a double edged sword ... stomach ache/headache/dizzyness/exhaustion in trade for back/wisdom tooth pain ? lol , just .. lol anyone got some sanity to spare ? :P 
This could beinteresting ........ let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friendsare ... Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me usingthe THIRD letter of YOUR first name . It can only be one word Then copyand paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
Via one of my friends .. AMBER ALERT !!!! Alert 3yr old boy taken in stockton by a man driving a 96 BMW plate #98B351NM . Keep it going . U would if he was yours 
Could use a visit with someone today . I am lost with out my computer , curse that damn virus , my poor photoshop , after effects , and < PROPFEMALE > , all unused today . Too sad for words 
hurts my heart a little having to reboot my computer to factory , hopefully the files i managed to save to my external hard drive arent infected , anyone know if sv security suite virus affects normal files ? or just applications ? 
muaaaaaaaaaaahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa 
straightening my hair is a pain in the rear 
ugh my mornings are far too early , 7am to 8am is buzy ! 
Getting cold again , warm mornings were short lived > < 
Trader < PROPFIRST>'s , how shall I get to thee this day ... :P 
Seems to be a sleepless night for alot of us . Sad state of affairs , maybe it has something to do with the unusually warm night . 
Making the decision to have a child is momentous . It is to decide forever to have your heart go walking around outside your body . ~ Elizabeth Stone 
You don't really understand human nature unless you know why a child on a merry-go-round will wave at his parents every time around - and why his parents will always wave back . ~ William D . Tammeus 
SOMEONE COME KIDNAP ME !!!!!!!!!!!! I DONT WANNA BE HOME ANYMORE ! 
Don't worry that children never listen to you ; worry that they are always watching you . ~ Robert Fulghum 
The trouble with learning to parent on the job is that your child is the teacher . ~ Robert Brault 
How many of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ?? Here's atask for you ! I want ALL my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same to you . You'll be amazed at the results you get . :) I am pretty sure i do know all of you :P 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xd8tOAJMA8Q&feature=channel 
EPIC ! WEWTNESS !!!!!!!!! 
Been working on a project for the majority of the day , im bored and lonely , anyone wanna come visit me ? <3 <3 <3 pwease 
Happy Monday 
frustrated ... confused ... listening ... 
Off to help bug with homework ... 
Love love being neglected n ignored . FUN ! 
Bored 
I have a cold , though i feel a little better this morning , wish people would stop slamming the front door . . . 
no fever this morning yay . maybe my weekend isnt totally ruined afterall 
I like it on my wall 
I NEED COMPANY ! 
glad to have an answer , now to stop coughing :) 
I wish someone could come visit me , im so bored . . . 
bored bored bored 
I wish I had woken up in time to go to church this morning . 
I wish that some people would mind their own business , unless invited , alot of problems would be avoided if that were the case . 
I guess today was just a bad day or something , but im so tired of people flaking on me , constantly saying there gonna do something and dont . especially when its more than one in a day , also , why do people keep PUSHING an issue after you have already apologized for it , especially when its as stupid as forgetting something in the sink for an hour or two cause your doing like 1000 THINGS ! 
sleep is evading me tonight . wonder what i did to the sandman this time . should leave him out some milk and cookies like < PROPFEMALE > :P 
can someone call my phone it seems to be missing > < 
sucess found my phone ! 
sucks when things dont work out the way you hope :( 
bored n lonely 
is bored , and cant sleep , and even photoshop isnt helping tonight . 
I'm actually kind of loving the rain , its so refreshing 
Im so tired of being flaked on . Either follow thru or dont make plans . Yet another nite im sitting here waiting on a no show 
Relaxing today , just gonna be blah , 
sigh ... 
Haha , Go Giants , I cant believe that 5th Inning !!! Incredible to watch !! 
The Bug is going to be Darth Vader for Halloween , haha its so cute , he wanted to be buzz , but we lost that costume lol . Then he wanted to be a storm trooper but they didnt have them , so we improvised with darth vader and he was STOKED , ive never seen a little boy so into < PROPFEMALE > wars its so cute lol . I have also never seen him so encouraged to do his homework , love the holidays , hes like , on his BEST behavior :P haha 
Some days you just wanna SCREAM ! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH this is one of those days . 
One of my besties is commin over , my day just got a lil happier :)) , however i can't catch a hand in poker ... hope one cancels the other out :P 
Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies MMM MMM GOOD 
i so need some coffee 
still craving coffee 
I am Thankful for a temporary car to get to Millbrae to see extended family for Thanksgiving ! And for the wonderful woman who helped me accomplish this !! <3 
on a search for a small chewbacca action figure . that wookie is one of andrews favorite chars . but no one seems to sell him ! 
I just don't understand why there are people out there that get their jollies by making other people feel inferior to them , and tearing them down . Why do these people enjoy being mean so much . Alchohol is the worst thing ever created , my life would be so much simpler if certain people in my life would just put down the bottle ... 
i officially have no pants , other than a pair of sweat pants , my jeans recently got destroyed :( maybe ill get lucky and ill find 50 bucks on the street to go get more jeans :( 
I pull a pizza outa the freezer and < PROPFIRST > sais to me \ Mommy are you cooking that delightful delectable pizza for my yummy dinner ? \ " lol " 
So peaceful when he's sleeping . I'm gonna miss those day's he's all grown up and too big to cuddle with his mommy . 
Hella sick , ugh , with a 6 year old running me ragged , and < PROPFIRST > refuses to get his lazy < PROPMALE > over butt up and help me out with him so i can get a little rest . I love my life . 
730am and not a wink of sleep all night . Guess I'll start my day . 
no real status , just felt like typing something ... 
* Handmade New Year Resolution : * I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . They must , in turn , post this and send something they make to the first 5 people who comment on their status . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . 
I have the need to do something radical with my hair , its been a burning itch for about a year now and I think I am ready to do it ... should i surprise you ? hmmmm .... ( Pnutty DONT give it away :P ) 
Sometimes , when things get really dark , kind words make for a great flashlight . 
I can't believe I never got to sleep last night . for the third night in a row . Well good morning to me , now to get bug ready for school ... 
I have a job interview tomorrow ! 1:30 . Crossing my fingers ! 
I need to go to the beach ! I need to bundle up , bring some music and just sit on the beach for a while . Not often you know EXACTLY what you need , now I just need to figure out how to accomplish this ... 
back is killing me , I hope it gets better by tomorrow , I want to enjoy the beach ! 
Headed to the beach soon with a friend , WEWT < PROPFEMALE > ! 
cant stay asleep ugh . so tired . 
Cant find my phone . Anyone wanna call it ? :) 
There was once a young man who , in his youth , professed his < PROPFEMALE > to become a great writer . \ 
When asked to define \Great\ " he said 
My dreads shall be SAVED ! peace out ! :) 
Anyone wanna come over and < PROPFEMALE > out ? im bored ... 
Another Lung infection , i hate coughing ... hate hate hate coughing . Did I mention I hate coughing ? Could live with out the flu symptoms and ear pain too ugh 
omg misery !!!!!!!!!!!! 
lets hope im better tomorrow 
< PROPFIRST > almost got suspended for yet AGAIN not doing what he is told and REFUSING to do any schoolwork , and refused to do time out ... any ideas ? 
I need a camera ... 
OMgoodeness ! hes FINALLY done with his Homework . ugh , all those kids that say they hate homework , parents hate it MORE . 
cant sleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep wont stop COUGHING !!!!!!!!!!!! 
