You know , I was half expecting that fantasy to end , so it's less painful than I imagined it to be . It just makes me feel .... numb . Tired . Strung out and unhealthy . Weak from self-imposed ennui 

Trapped . Fucking trapped in my house , in my clothes , in my skin . I need to get away . I need to do something irreversible . Something outrageous . Something that will change my outlook and my attitude . Something to wake me up from this goddamned fog I'm in ... 
Jesus H ., I feel like shit . Like I had a one-night stand with myself , woke up , and didn't like what I saw lying next to me . 
Uh , whoa . This tobaccy is like alcohol ...... FOR MY LUNGS 
HOLY SHIT sunday was fucking crazy . 
is at her bestestestest friend < PROPFEMALE>'s house looking at < PROPFIRST>'s and Jako's dorky hiking escapades . 
loves her senior pics ! 
is struggling to understand the workings of my own mind , a fight that I have never had to face before . 
Why , < PROPFEMALE > Stewart-Baxter ! You taste like sunshine dust ! 
wants someone to ghetto-rig an amalgam of Vlad the Impaler , Hannibal Lecter , and < PROPFIRST > Walken using nothing more than radio wire and the left foot of a virgin chicken and then unleash said unholy Frankenstein on all the DUMBSHITS of the world . 
thanks Zoroaster for the < PROPFEMALE > that is the internet . 
your word is : NIGGERFAGGOT 
loves him . He may be a pedophile , but goddammit , he's my pedophile . 
is walking through a fog , breathing it in , feeling it grab me and hold me still ; it's disorienting , it's frustrating , and it has me frozen and stagnant . 
On and on , does anybody know what we are living for ? 
can see the sky for the first time in weeks . * whew * 
didn't start the flamewars ... 
Sitting in an English garden waiting for the sun . If the sun don't come , you get a tan from standing in the English rain . 
it's too early to come up with anything clever . 
Come to believe the things that I tried were in my life just to get high on . 
RAWR !!! I miss < PROPFEMALE > .... my brain feels like it's on speed ... and I have concluded that practice ACTs are just as stressful as the real thing to me . 
had a great time last night and can't wait to spend tomorrow with Jako ! 
Just in time for the latest round of Beatlemania , < PROPFEMALE > has THE ENTIRE Beatles discography on her iPod , on a single playlist and arranged chronologically . Huzzah for uber-fandom . 
is apparently the most unique girl in my class . 
is ninety-nine percent certain that she is going to Lyon College with mah best free-nd < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is wondering if it's all a pose . If it's just one more thing to make me miserable . If it would be giving up my power to reverse course . What I'll do from here . Who I'll < PROPFEMALE > on from now on . How to express my wrenching grief . 
Four days and counting until yours truly is legal legal LEGAL !!!!!! < PROPFIRST>'s Majestic , here I come !!!! 
Hell no , I won't help save the private healthcare sector ! Fuck those heartless bastards ! 
Is it just me , or is the air charged with electricity ? I love the fall ! 
feels in control for the first time in months . 
Whoa , talk about typecasting ... all the ads on my < PROPFEMALE > are related to lesbianism . ( Love the Indigo Girls ?..... Want a Girlfriend ?........ Single Gay Women in Your Area ! ) 
got a thirty on the ACT , is hangin wit Liv , and likes to go for walks inside when the mood strikes her . Living room , here I come !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is astounded that the Razorbacks are doing so well against Miss State . I predict that this trend will not continue . 
got a $ 56,000 scholarship from Lyon College !!!!!!!!!!!!!! And a hoodie :) 
< PROPFIRST > Lieberman , you are a fence-straddling < PROPMALE > ! Vote for the damn < PROPMALE > already ! 
is tired . Just plain tired . 
is veeeeeeeeeeeeery relaxed . Finally 
has concluded that laughter is the only way to react . So I guess I'll just keep laughing .... haha 
You're a bastard , you don't know it but it's honestly true , I wanted to bitch you out and make you hurt and confused but I didn't . Anonymity wasn't good enough . I want you to feel my anger , feel how goddamn disgusting I find you . You're a piss-ant , an infuriating thought , a mere stepping stone to my maturity . I fucking hate you . 
What's on my mind , facebook ? You really want to know what's on my mind ? Okay , well , if you insist . Sex is on my mind , facebook ! Sex and how much I want it ! Satisfied , facebook ? ' Cuz I sure as hell am not ! 
' s mum is in the hospital , the non-jollity of which is compounded because she can't open her presents ! Hope you all enjoy yours . Meanwhile , I'll be here ........ without my family ....... no minutes on my phone .......... staring at my unopened presents . 
Why in the world are we here ? Surely not to live in pain and fear . Why on earth are you there ... when you're everywhere ? Well we all shine on ... like the < PROPFEMALE > and the stars and the sun . On and on and on . 
All you sexy hermaphrodite lady-men-ladies . With your sexy lady-bits . And your sexy man-bits too ... even you must be into you-ooh-ooh ! 
is hangin ' with a bunch of righteous-ass peeps , listening to dubstep and generally rockin ' this joint ! Happy 2011 chaps !!! 
Dude , I literally stabbed myself in the effin ' kneecap . As in ... Ouch . Wow . There's the knife , which was just in my hand , sticking out of my kneecap ...... FUCK ! 
Ah , Mr. Lennon , I know the feeling . I definitely know the feeling . 
The harder it hits me , the less I seem to bruise . 
I'd like to take this auspicious opportunity to say : THE GAME to all my loving friends . 
is currently existing without benefit of a working jaw . Goddamn my awful fruit < PROPFEMALE > . 
All the girls around her say she's got it comin , but she gets it while she can . 
Man , I hate humans . We feel the overwhelming need to fuck with everything we see without pausing and considering the consequences . Chances are , if you think that interfering will help , you are ass-backward wrong . So leave shit alone ! 
If I needed someone to love , you're the one that I'd be thinkin ' of . 
The absolutely only thing I want to do in the perceivable future is ...... you . 
clings ........ independently . 
Oh man . I will do awful things to him . I can see it now 
Do you get off treating her the way you do , you son of a bitch ? Or is it just that you're too fucking cowardly ? Or maybe you're damaged . I could forgive you if you were damaged . Now ? I just think you're mean . Goddamn mean . 
Aaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrgh ............ I want it so much , I can taste it ........ 
is wishing that her dream were real . Take that , laws of physics ! 
is back in the USSR . 
Goddamn my life sucks right now 
Intergalactic rapists RAWR ! 
suddenly , wants a guacamole burger . 
My mouth is full of worthless sounds , and worn-out sentences 
would like to take this opportunity to tell the gnomes comprising the matter that is her head to STOP BEATING EACH OTHER WITH SLEDGEHAMMERS 
Blasphemous Thought of the Day : Jesus loves me more , because he can't have me ! 
is giving up sugar and masturbation for Lent . Bring it on , Temptation . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Clapton , You want to send me four free tickets to your show in Chicago this summer . Love , a willing groupie , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Ringo : Congratulations on your album , Ke$ha . Ke$ha : Congratulations on being a fuckin ' Beatle ! LIKE 
Thank you , universe , for such wonderful , magical kisses . 
is worried about him ... but never fear ! For there is chocolate and libations and I'll see him again soon . 
Just look at me , sacredly , religiously , hungrily , and let your eyes say please ; I will not leave . 
Can somebody please remove these cutleries from my knees ? 
You know when I'm down to my socks it's time for business , that's why they're called business socks , ooh ! 
Dear Mononucleosis : You have 48 hours to completely resolve yourself before I kick each individual virus-y ass I see . Goddammit , these plans will be delayed no more . No more I say ! 
' s neck is awfully , deliciously sore . 
Well you should see Polythene < PROPFEMALE > ... she's so good lookin ' but she looks like a man ... well you should see her in drag , dressed in a polythene bag , yes you should see Polythene < PROPFEMALE > . Yeah , yeah , yeah . 
I think when my sister (@< PROPFEMALE > Paph-Rose ) gets pissed her ethnically-inclined ass translates to her vocal cords and gives her an ethnically-inclined slurry accent . I dub this her \assitude \"." 
I read the news today , oh boy ... about a lucky man who made the grade . He blew his mind out in a car ; he didn't notice that the lights had changed ... a crowd of people stood and stared ....... I'd love to turn you on . 
Crying won't help you , praying won't do you no good . 
I miss you , and I want you . 
Well do you don't you want me to love you ? 
Alas . The dream is dead . 
I'm in the mood for a romance movie . Only instead of the lovers running into each others ' arms and living a fairytale , I want the dude to get testicular cancer and become a eunuch and I want the woman to burn off all her hair permanently with corrosive acids . Then I want them to adopt a midget named Bingo and live with each other for the rest of their pathetic lives . Now that would be entertainment . 
Krikey . What I want right now is a Djarum , that killer pair of silver heels , and < PROPMALE > . When is that pesky higher power going to get its shit together and cater to my every whim ? 
This is not the way it's supposed to be . This issue is over , dead , an ex-issue . Dredging it up will bring nothing good . Can you not effing understand the level of anxiety here ? I really don't think you understand , but even so , I can't quite forgive you . 
is wondering why , suddenly , every aspect of my life is collapsing all at once ? 
Clean room . Do homework . Stay hydrated . Keep existing , one bloody step at a time . 
I feel like I've been drugged into compliance , like my willpower has been sucked out of me , like there's no point struggling anymore . 
Wow . I'm getting ready for bed , taking my antidepressants , and I spill them . All of them . All . Fifty . Of them . Under various pieces of heavy , cat-hair-encrusted furniture . With several bored cats nearby . So I would like to just say , Higher Power , fuck you very much too . 
I wanna tell her how hot she is , but she'll think I'm being sexist . She's so hot , she's makin ' me sexist . Bitch ! 
All I have to do is hear your voice and I'm breathless and dizzy and desperate for you . 
Six inches of snow on the second day of spring = epic fail . Putting Fat < PROPMALE > into the snow , forcibly = priceless . 
is a bit ashamed of herself for all the Bali < PROPMALE > cigarettes she's been smoking lately . 
DUDE I had the craziest dream last night .... < PROPFIRST > Lautner and < PROPMALE > Brother Number Two came up to me all sexy and asked if I wanted to have a threesome with them . To my immense pride , my dream-self turned them both down flat , citing that they were beneath my usual caliber partner and that I have a boyfriend who's twice as sexy as they ever dreamed of being . Aaah ... satisfaction . 
You know , < PROPFIRST > Takei should narrate porn . Not only is his voice the perfect creepy-stalker-guy level , but the irony would be enjoyable . 
RAWR happiness ! < PROPFIRST > is in town ! 
just bought the most adorable vintage lace corset ! Who's coming with me to BBBBQ this year ? I'd like to avoid a repeat of Grabby Drunk Bearded Old Guy . 
Gaaa ...... he's SO HOT !! 
has got an urge to pillage your arse ! 
Teleprompter for my life ; invite wine to the night , my body can't get no relief . 
\You can go your entire fucking life without seeing a midget twirling fire . Value this experience . \"" 
' Cause you know we're never better than that/ Some days we're worse than you can imagine/ And how am I supposed to live with that ? / With all these train wrecks comin ' at random . 
Oh my my , oh hell yes ! 
So , so , so sore . But you give me that look and it's Round Two . 
Too many mind + massive headache = ice cream for dinner . 
Week-old bag of wank , why gee , that's what my mind feels like ! Not many fucking uses for wank brains . 
.............. Really ? Really . And I should feel like an awful person because ........? 
suddenly realizes that the Eye of Sauron kinda looks like a vagina . 
Indecision may indeed be a way of life , but it still sucks . Come on , brain ! Keep up ! 
is pondering the implications of naughtiness . 
Dear Person who has the 3rd Mistborn Book : My reading pleasure is more important to me than yours . So , in the spirit of , well , giving me what I want , I humbly request that you promptly return the afore-mentioned book to FPL . And by promptly , I mean immediately . Humbly Yours , < PROPFEMALE > 
\Give me Head ! Give me Head ! \"" 
Is there a real fucking Democrat in the state of Arkansas ?? I'm actually considering voting for < PROPMALE > fucking Halter , for chrissakes ! 
If I did any more weeding , I'd be high . 
I've never wanted this . Logically , I know I'd regret it forever . So why do I have to keep telling myself no ? 
can hardly wait for FIFA 2010 !!!!!!!!! Let's not get ass-raped by the Italians this year ! 
May my voice be like a sunbeam , may my lips be like the juice of the strawberries . May I be an island in the sea , may I be a hill on the land , may I be a < PROPFEMALE > when the < PROPFEMALE > wanes , may I be a staff to the weak one : I shall wound every man , no man shall wound me . 
There is no satisfaction like the satisfaction I get from you ....... you made Beltane truly magical . I love you so much . 
Eyebrow piercing , or bondage set ? Piercing or bondage ? Piercing or bondage ? Can't decide ! People , help me make up my mind ! 
Money ..... Get back . Grab that cash with both hands and make a stash . 
We are given to a god , to put our faith therein/ But to be forgiven , we must first believe in sin . 
Okay , laws of physics , you may now bend yourselves to my will . 
has had a sick headache all day ... the type that makes your entire body simultaneously hot and cold and gross feeling all over . Bleh . 
Ah , the lure of escapism . What is it that I'm looking for ? 
Dear Universe , it would be very nice if suddenly a kiln dropped out of the sky , as well as the materials to make several thousand dichroic glass beads . Also , detailed knowledge pertaining to the making of dichroic glass beads . Thank you for your hasty cooperation . Love < PROPFEMALE > 
A vote : Bikini or edgy one-piece for me for 2010 ? 
just got the most amazing lunchbox ! < PROPFEMALE > Trek ftw !! 
feels like someone borrowed my brain and used it as a martini shaker . Note to Self : Taking a break from antidepressants for an entire month may not be the best idea I've ever had . 
Ozzie's new anthem = Love ^100th . Let me hear you scream !!! 
feels fresh and springy . Tie-dye , hemp jewelry and comfy jeans tend to do this to me . 
is more than a little disgusted with Arkansas politics . As a democrat , what do I have to choose between ? Blue dog , blue dog , and thinly veiled conservative dumbass . Nonetheless- Everyone remember to vote tomorrow ! 
Don't you love it when you're in that sick stupor , half awake and half asleep , and a parent comes in with a glass of water and says , Here , take this , and you just take it because Mummy knows best and so you can try to sleep , and then when you wake up hours later your head feels full of agitated bees and helium ? I just fucking love that . 
I'm so tired of being fucked with . If you want to fuck with me , fine . But I fuck back . 
The man in the crowd with the multi-colored mirrors on his hobnail boots . 
really , really wants to go semi-skinny dipping with < PROPMALE > boyd-goodlett ! 
The more I see , the less I know , the more I'd like to let it go . Hey oh . 
It's silly and petty and small , but it hurts . So much that it makes my throat tighten and my eyes sting . But that's okay , isn't it ? It hurts , but in the end , it makes little difference . 
The next ad I see that says anything even remotely close to \Viva Italia 2010\ " is going to get a swift kick in the meatballs . " 
I'm so tired .... There's so much to say , and so little time in which to say it , so I'll give you the condensed version . Fuck off , you sadistic motherfucking son of a cunt , and rot in hell . 
is searching for cathartic things to do and think . 
Sometimes , the only way to feel better is to get completely , utterly fuckered , and feel nothing . 
\Well that certainly was an interesting use for a banana . Now go wash your hands . And burn the banana . \ " I LOVE YOU SLEEP TALKIN MAN ! " 
Me : Omg I want you SO MUCH right now . \ 
Nick : Then get off . \ 
Me : Masturbation is a bummer compared to the real thing . \ 
Nick : No , I meant off of work Sunday . \ 
Me : Oooooooh . I like the other one better . 
You know , it's been almost three years since we marched the Pirates show , but I remain addicted to the music . Remember how epic that show was , guys ? 
is already laughing maniacally at all the people who have hope for the USA in the World Cup . Give it up , people . There's a reason Americans like football instead of soccer . And that reason is that WE SUCK AT SOCCER ! 
Damn , I'm miserable . Lonely lonely lonely . I don't even know why . 
has Ripped Pigeon stuck in her head :) 
Sitting in Nucor Auditorium , about to register for classes ! Lyon Class of 14 !! 
is an official , card-carrying , schedule-possessing < PROPFEMALE > . 
Australia , YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED . 
Do the French have the same fetish with French maids as we non-French types do , or is it just fucking the help to them ? 
Not tonight , < PROPFEMALE > . 
has a deep and abiding love of standardized testing . 
wants to have a sleepover in the Broom Closet with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > :) 
Dude , < PROPFEMALE > goes fast in my house . Take that as you will 
loves < PROPFEMALE > flavored lip gloss :) Let the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > comparisons commence ! 
Dear English Goalie , \ 
Well , that was an unfortunate game . I recommend guided imagery therapy to help you get over the crushing sense of shame . Also , an armed guard against the angry mobs when you get back to England . Jesus , man . You are to the English what BP is to < PROPFEMALE > right now : Target Numero Uno . Good luck with the nightmares , < PROPFEMALE > 
Now I've reached that age , I try to do all those things the best I can . 
wants < PROPMALE > . 
' s head is very throbby . 
yjomld oy'd sredp , r ejrm upi yu[r dp , ryjomh vp , [ ; ryr ; u piy pm ; u yp trs ; oxr yjsy yjr rmyotr yo , r . upi ertr pmr lru pgg/ 
That slut done < PROPMALE > up on me four times ! 
There is no agony like the agony of a truly great \That's what she said\ " remaining unspoken . Sigh .... these family types . " 
is excited about getting to know her roommate ! 
It is I , THE KOBE < PROPMALE > ! 
is still kind of wondering about this story involving her boyfriend and a donkey ..... < PROPMALE > boyd-goodlett , you never did clear that up ..... 
Bagel bagel bagel ..... nom nom nom nom ..... 
Let us not , dear friends , forget our dear friends the cuttlefish . 
After much thoughtful consideration about my high school experience , I've come to the conclusion that it is remarkably similar to soft-core porn : it's boring , poorly acted , usually awkward , too expensive , highly disappointing , underfunded , unconvincing , and generally lackluster in a much-ado-about-nothing , FAIL kind of way ; in other words , more trouble than they're worth . 
How's this for ownage ? I drop out of high school for health reasons and feel like shit for months , and then I get my GED results and I've scored in the 98th percentile . Without going to classes . Or studying . Or paying attention in school for the past , oh , high school . So , Elkins High School , GET BENT . 
is sometimes astounded by how absolutely gorgeous her wonderful boyfriend is . Thank you for last night :D 
Do I detect a USA/ Ghana rivalry ? 
I think I'll go be violently sick for a while ..... righteous . 
Fuck this , fuck my depression , fuck trying to communicate , fuck how I feel , fuck it . Fuck it all . I'm exhausted from all this emotional bullshit , and it's only been two years . I have to deal with this for the rest of my life , and this is how I feel after two fucking years ? Something tells me I'm just not going to make it . This depression is stronger than me and it will win 
Lemonade heals .... everything . Except enamel . 
Diving off a thirty-foot < PROPMALE > ? Fuck yes , righteous . Water up the nose from said dive ? Bummer . Hope < PROPMALE > boyd-goodlett's left side doesn't stay that way 
< PROPFEMALE > , won't you slow down ? < PROPFEMALE > , stop at the next town . < PROPFEMALE > , won't you turn around ? < PROPFEMALE > , I want you right now . < PROPFEMALE > , c'mon baby , let's go home ! .................. Mr. < PROPMALE > ! 
You know , I could prolly fool Catholics with that outfit . Of course , there are a bunch of Catholics looking to be fooled too . 
.............. In retrospect , not the best idea I've ever had . 
So my body is an ugly bag of mostly ouch , which was expected . 
Mom : \Mon dieu ! \ " \ 
If c'est la vie , then la vie can suck mine . 
maintains that Brazil losing to the fucking Netherlands is a sick fluke . Oh well .... there's always Germany to cheer for . Four to one vs . England ?? WHATTHEFUCK ?? 
I've been really sarcastic with < PROPFEMALE > lately , and I think it's taking it personally ... 
Seriously , Divine Thing , have I pissed you off , or do you just like making my life complicated ? 
Less than $1000 total out-of-pocket fees for my first semester at a private school ? In so many words , FUCKING RIGHTEOUS YEEEEAAAAAHHHHAHAHAAAA !! 
Aaauugghhhhh ...... Germany ....... why ............... 
The weirdest feeling is when you're piercing your ear and suddenly the needle pops out the back and stabs you in the thumb . It's like , pain , pain , pain , DIFFERENT PAIN !! 
............... At least now both ears hurt ? 
loves how international soccer fans don't think twice about booing a bad play . Maybe Americans should try this type of public humiliation 
* during a really sexy song , with sexual tension all heavy*\ 
Nick : Are you ready ? Two words for you . Ready ? \ 
Me : Uuuuhh yes ..... \ 
Nick : Clown costumes 
Renée Janski , THANK YOU . 
Okay , so Spain won ......... bugger . That's twice now the laws of physics didn't bend themselves instantly to my will . Gotta rein them bastards in eh ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin , shut your fucking whore mouth before I get < PROPMALE > to stick something in it . And by something I mean HIS PENIS !! Ahh ...... Democrat juice ...... 
started packing yesterday ..... egad . Thirty-two days and counting 
< PROPMALE > Cheney is proof that the good die young ...... c'mon , five heart attacks and he doesn't die ?? He's like one of those freaky clown balloony things that NEVER STAY DOWN !! Actually , that's a really apt metaphor .... he's about as intelligent , attractive , pertinent , engaging , et cetera , et cetera , ad nauseum as one of those monstrosities . 
Looking forward to spending time with my two favorite peer-types . 
The more time I spend with you , the more I'll cry when I have to leave you . 
Several questions . What was in the boxes ? Where was he going ? And why oh why was he pulling himself along with his legs in a wheelchair on the shoulder of the road ??? 
I just love it when Fat < PROPMALE > gets so agonizingly peckish that he rushes over to the food bowls .... only to find them empty . Yeah , bitch . Throw that up in your Vomitorium 
Conclusion : Warming lube has many uses , and that's not one of them . 
The nice thing about practicing an earth-based religion .......... It's really , really hard to have a crisis of faith . 
is typing this status on her brand-spanking new 13 inch MacBook Pro . 
It's decided : the computer's name is < PROPMALE > . Good strong Scottish name for a < PROPMALE > used at Lyon . 
I get so fucking tired of my dad and his need to control things . Less than a month until all that is over for good ! 
Drown me down by the cold tide , hold back my hair from the waves/ And when I've breathed my last , bless my bones in their green water grave/ Bless my bones in their green water grave . 
has reached that exquisite level of pissed-off where it becomes acceptable to scream , cry , and punch large solid things until either they fall down , or I do . 
Green satin < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn-esque heels ...... gorgeous ..... PERFECT SIZE ..... for five bucks . Thank you , Goddess , for providing yet another fix for my festering shoe addiction . 
Now < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... what have we been told about this improprietous behavior ..... 
Dear < PROPMALE > Boyd-Goodlett , \ 
' Grats . You've doomed me to a life of unquenchable thirst for ever more Magic cards . \ 
Now every time I go to Walmart , I'll lust after them . \ 
How does that make you feel , aside from immensely self-satisfied ? Rawr , < PROPFEMALE > 
must .... play ..... Magic ....... 
And so I wish you joy from him until your dying day . 
OH MAH GAWD MY HAIR IS SO SHORT .......... I was like , Shave the back , shave the back .......................... and she did . 
This MacBook is my child . My child I say 
My heart aches and I can't breathe when I think about leaving you . Your smell , your skin against mine , the low-lidded intense look in your eyes , the soft way you wake me up , your fingers twined in my hair , your oh-so-innocent smile , your deep < PROPMALE > voice , your very presence make me feel safe and beautiful and bold . I don't know about goodbye . 
Yeah ... When they say 8 gigs they mean more like 7 ..... I feel cheated out of a thousand songs . Batches . 
What's on my mind ? < PROPMALE > , and our dwindling time together . 
One week from today is the move .... I need to see so many people : < PROPFIRST > Stay , Grace Heymsfield , < PROPMALE > Robinson , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ; < PROPMALE > , I can't not see you ; < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , it's a duh ; I can't even list all the people I want to see . You guys need to stay in touch before I move . 
fought a bull .................. AND WON 
Hey guys , guess what ! \ 
Keep on readin ' . How are you ? I hope you are fine . \ 
I am not fine . As you can no doubt tell from me hanging here from this here ceiling fixture . You are the ones that drove me to this . I was doing just fine before you fuckers came along . I hope you're happy now that I'm goddamn dead . Signed , the Corpse in This Room . PS . FUCK YOU PEOPLE !! \ 
- < PROPFIRST > Carlin , The Suicide Guy 
This is the single hardest thing I have ever in my life gone through emotionally , bar none . 
Holding you close undisturbed before a fire/ The pressure in my chest when you breathe in my ear/ We both knew this would happen/ When you first appeared 
Lyon Choir : \ ....... Goooooooooooooood ......... \ " \ 
Never have I ever played strip never have I ever in college .......... before last night 
So , with one fell swoop , my reputation is even better than it was in high school . Huzzah for stripping randomly 
There is finally a way to make militantly heretical < PROPFEMALE > go to church every Sunday ...... and that way is monetary reimbursement to the tune of $1200 . 
has a goal ..... and the goal is good . And the goal shall be achieved . Double quick 
It makes me feel deliciously superior and somehow less of a freshman watching all the other freshmen moving in a week after me . Heh heh heh . 
This silver nail polish makes me feel like < PROPFEMALE > Paltrow from Iron Man 
Well ....... this is certainly unexpected 
is positively a makin ' love without doin ' it whore . I've successfully made love to four or five people , in public , in the last ten minutes . Score 
Don't wanna kiss , don't wanna touch , just want my cigarette , hush ; don't call my name , don't call my name , < PROPMALE > . 
The way we look to a distant constellation that's dying in the corner of the sky/\ 
These are the days of miracle and wonder , and don't cry , baby/\ 
Don't cry , don't cry , don't cry . Mmmmm ..... / 
Ah ..... such craziness ...... < PROPFEMALE > is pleased 
Insert ellipses here 
Dr. Plaag at 8:00 , Dr. Stinson at 11:00 . I'll so take this schedule for my first day of college ! 
feels like an epic fail 
Burned out ? Confused ? Apathetic ? Overly anticipatory ? In a nutshell , what the fuck ?? 
doesn't know what she wants . But at least she knows that much 
woke up at 6:30 / 7:00 for breakfast , decided breakfast just wasn't that important , slept ' til 7:40 , rushed around trying to find my schedule and which 8:00 class I was going to be late to , found my schedule , and discovered my first class is at 10:00 . In essence , hufuckin'zzah for no 8:00 classes M , W , or F !!! 
So ..... math is my weak subject ..... and I answered more of Dr. Sonnier's questions than I did Dr. Bordeau's . Question < PROPFIRST > , question < PROPFIRST > , question < PROPFIRST > . 
wants something REALLY REALLY crazy to happen !!!!!! 
wants a long , nuzzle-y cuddle . 
still wants a long , touchy-feely , rub-my-entire-body-all-over-you cuddle . Any takers ?? 
mmmmmmmm . 
It's like I've died and ..... and been reincarnated somewhere much more ... hmm , how to say this ?...... stimulating . 
Well last night was ............... fruitful 
These campus bikes , aside from being notoriously stealthy , scare the living bajeezus out of me with their tallness .... and heaviness .... and pedal-brakes .... and ridiculously screwy handlebars . Positively eek-worthy , dude . 
Aaaaarrrrgggghhh 
totally enjoys watching Christian fail at conquering Ireland 
The consequences will never be the same . 
Ouch , but yes . Ouch , but yes . 
No sah massah , < PROPMALE>' beat me no mo'! MAH NAME'S TOBAY ! 
I'm a bitch because at night when I'm falling asleep , I hope you're dying inside a little without me . And by a little , I mean a whole goddamn bunch . 
* gasp* ! Fox News used a word longer than three syllables ! However can they pander to their weak-minded , rhetoric-spouting , mono-syllabic audience if they exceed the bounds of their comprehension ??? Oh wait , right , it's Fox News ...... who fucking needs to understand what they're saying . 
Overactive brain + absolute fucking rage + apathy + bad decisions = self-abuse/ depression . Yippeefuckingkiyay , here we go again . 
Cramps ....... ohthanksweeteffinjehosophat 
just sang for Jesus ..... for money . Can't forget that part . 
is thoroughly puzzled . 
is finally getting shit done , and very psyched about it !! 
hasn't been this empowered in a long , long , long time . \ 
On another note ....... \ 
PAR-TAY TONIGHT OW OW !!!! 
What oh what oh what to say . Not what I thought of today 
And not a single word misspelled . Talent ..... talent I say 
SheNANIGANS !!!!!! 
\Simba ! \ " - Christian Orton " 
lives in fear of stepping on butterflies when walking under the crabcherry trees on apartment row . 
can't wait for the waffle rave , dude ..... thar be lazers .... and they be green and trippy . 
Gawd bless ZBT . 
Uber-unproductive day is .......... quite unproductive . 
' s mind is about as useful as a compound fracture , and almost as inconvenient . 
Isn't it funny when you sit back and truly think about yourself and suddenly realize that , if you had observed your current self ten years ago , your little mind would have been absolutely blown ? Doesn't that just trip your shit right out ? 
can feel the blisters coming up on her picking fingers . ALREADY . 
Merde merde merde merde fucking MERDE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
loves the feeling of this long , hard thing in her hand 
\Yeah .......... I tend to fuck asses . \"" 
God damn you , Timoteo Guajardo . \ 
\ 
( But thanks . ) 
RAWR FRUSTRATION AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCHH 
Am I wearing a corset in my new profile picture ? Why yes , yes I am . 
Sick sick siiiiiiiiiiick 
needs some meaningless physical contact : no emotions , no repercussions , no thought . Just contact . Because being alone is shitty . 
thinks Dr. Plaag is pretty much amazing for letting her skip class this morning . 
sigh 
Don't you hate it when you're sleeping , and then suddenly you're not ? 
Going to Jacksonville this weekend with my dear , sweet roomie < PROPFEMALE > Mashburn-Sanders for some much-needed girl time . GodDAMN it'll be good to get away from campus . 
Wrath postponed . 
\WHY would you DO that ??? \ " <-- < PROPFIRST > Farris ! " 
< PROPFEMALE > Mashburn-Sanders ............ \ 
* shakes head * 
Yes , master , may I have another ? 
Can't slow down , can't hold back/ although you know I wish I could/\ 
No , there ain't no rest for the wicked/ until we close our eyes for good 
GASP ! That's it ! Fucking EUREKA ! 
Running on a constant low-level panic will one day kill me . Not to be morbid or anything lol 
\Jen : 0 . Taoism : 1 . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Farris \ 
' s entire body hurts : my neck from a pinched nerve or six , my throat from residual sickness , my ears from the wrenching and digging of pierce-age ( thanks again < PROPFEMALE > Nettles , and feel better ) , all my sneaky bruises , and everything else from YOGA . 
OHMAHFUCKINGAWD . This day has been productive if for no other reason than that dearest Maeleen Arce and I both discovered we can sing a high C sharp . I cannot believe a noise like that can come from my vocal chords . Mae : \Apparently you haven't had great sex yet . \ " \ 
still trippin ' on that high C sharp . 
Yesterday : Shaky but there high C sharps . Today : Singin ' for Jesus ...... AS A TENOR . Fuck yeah range 
Tu es toujours mon rêve , et la règle mon cœur . 
loves seeing all those lazy ZBTs all dressed up and snazzy . 
has a goddamn migraine . FML man 
Lyon College wifi : making snail mail a viable option since whenever it was installed . 
A night of revelations , and also of cruel irony . 
Zeta Beta what ? Zeta Beta Tau ! 
Ah , college . Where you wake up and think , Great , two hours to class ........ then realize it's actually 6 PM , and you just slept ALL GODDAMN DAY . 
OHMAHGAWD all of my album editing got erased ........ fuck it . I'll do it tomorrow . \ 
...... Well , later today . 
Random question in Theatre : \Is that really realistic ? Can you actually lay there and be strangled without fighting ? \ " \ 
Yoooooooohoooooooooooo ! 
dun goof'd up mah knee . 
dun goof'd up mah knee ...... again . D'oh!! 
So apparently a MacBook Pro can withstand a twelve-foot drop . 
Gravity : 0 . MacBook : 1 . 
misses < PROPMALE > Boyd-Goodlett . I still love you so much ... 
Rather impressed with my slowly-increasing abilities ...... 
Braaaaaaaaiiiiins ..... I mean , peniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis ...... 
GAWDAMMIT FUCK MY LIFE !!!!!!!!! AAAAARRRGHGGH !!!!!!!!! \ 
( Facebook deleted all my Chapelwalk pics ..... AFUCKINGGAIN ..... this is the third goddamn time [ THIRD FUCKING TIME !!!!! ] ..... Chapelwalk is by far the most labor-intensive goddamn motherfucking sonofabitch album to publish ....... AHAHARRRGH ) 
Addendum to my previous angst/ obscenity- filled status . \ 
If you were at ZBT Chapelwalk , please god tag yourself in my pics . I've done this three times already . I AIN'T doin ' it again . \ 
At a later date , when I am not busy beating my head against various objects , I will re-re-re-re-add what I like to think are clever commentary . \ 
In conclusion , fuck my life . And facebook's . 
need ... cat ..... need ..... cat .... must have ...... caaaaaaaat 
Dear < PROPMALE > Butler , I want your body . So , next Tuesday at six ? Kgreatthanks . Yours in any way you want , < PROPFEMALE > 
BEATLEMANIA !! 
\You know what would be awesome ? If we found a baby possum . \ " \ 
Today I : passed my French midterm with an A- ; got a spectacular new phone ; received a wonderful birthday care package from my parents ; got my ( healthy ) bloodwork back ; realized fall break is next week ; and sang my heart out . Life is workin ' out okay for me right now . 
What the hell am I going to be for Halloween , aside from sexy and in a very witchy mood ?? 
Well , tomorrow night should be absolutely smashing . 
is having a wonderful birthday . Thanks to all who've wished me so !! \ 
....... and the day is still young .... heh heh heh 
BRING ON THE NIGHT . 
Thank you again to all the wonderful people who wished me a happy birthday ( even if it was belated ) . Nothin ' says you're loved like meaningless electronic contact lolololol \ 
( .............. completely a joke ..... facebook is the CENTER of my LIFE ! ) 
Ahemhahemhem . To all of my Fayette-villain friends , I will be in the Faytown no later than midnight today . If you want to see me ( and you'd better ) , inform me thusly and it'll be a partay . I'll be there until Sunday , so get it while it's hot ! 
lovin ' Faytown ! 
Damn my libido . 
......... Well , in relation to my previous status , the penultimate Irony ( yes , capital I ) is even more penultimately ironic . 
has a sleeping < PROPFIRST > Farris in her arms , and he's ever so adorable :) 
' s goddamn motherfucking sonofabitch purse ate her ring . >.< 
:( 
South Park makes the world a better place 
4 AM tarot readings with a couple Zs ? Why the hell not . 
I don't think I can accurately convey the feelings of rage and confusion I'm subjected to over facebook , but in an attempt , I want to say fuck this , fuck all of it , fuck it . 
really wants a milkshake . Or six . 
Gawddammit , Runescape . 
ain't even mad . \ 
Well , not about THAT bullshit . But that OTHER bullshit- oh gir'friend . 
Am I a bad person for holding a deep , passive-aggressive grudge on someone who has done me little to no harm intentionally , or is it my right as a petty and emotional human being who hasn't gotten their way ? 
is very grateful for her support network . that was the longest , most degrading 3 1/2 days of my life . Lyon people : Don't worry , I'm okay , and you'll have information soon enough . 
is astoundingly self-confident for someone who has no idea who the hell they are . 
I know I'm at home when I can lay down at night and listen to the dueling snores of my dad and my cat . 
misses Lyon College . 
wants < PROPFIRST > :/ 
would really rather not be alive . 
is okay . 
Anyone know how to get Weatherman to email me back ? 
loves TOP MODEL ! 
I really want one of those uber-sexy , super understanding friends that I can fuck/ cry on/ talk to about anything/ ogle at my leisure . Girls are welcome to apply as well .... ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > Palin can kiss my liberal ass . 
is terrible at getting back to people . Sorry all .... 
I would like it to be known that if you decide to blindly read your way through it , even if it's only names , attempting to pronounce Norwegian is somewhat frustrating . Screw you too , Romance languages . 
wants more than anything to go back to Lyon in the spring 
< PROPFIRST > thrashing is for teh lolz 
You know , I underestimated pop culture . It , like all human creations , is simply a product of our need to feel at least okay with ourselves ; we glamorize what we know is wrong , but cannot give up . That being said , you don't need a gun to play Russian roulette . 
\I feel like I'm saying ... words . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Farris " 
just had her ever-loving mind blown ..... by the fact that Emmey < PROPFEMALE > Jaynes and < PROPMALE > Garver are now mutual squeezes . Mucho grats you two ! So happy for ya ! 
loves < PROPFIRST > Farris sooooooo much . 
is finding it hard to be positive 
Gettin ' my testosterone on . 
is sending good energy to her dear , sweet , perfect puppy . I love you . 
The best thing about South Park ? No laugh track- you actually have to figure out when to laugh all by yourself . ( gasp ! ) 
........ I sense debauchery approaching .......... 
Debauchery approached ..... and I stepped up to the \plate\ " ..... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Humphrey " 
is with her dear sweet wonderful perfect < PROPFIRST > ! 
Round 2 with mono . Impossible , you say ? I thought so too ! Apparently , I'm just goddamn special ! 
Hail to Odin , the Alfodr , who with Gungnir his spear in hand and Runes of power on his lips may hopefully someday beat wisdom into my thick brass skull . 
RUSH ZBT ! I'm so bummed I can't be at CHAPELWAWK !!! 
< PROPMALE > congratulations to all the new ZBT bros at Lyon !!! You are a great batch of guys ! ZETA BETA WHAT ? ZETA BETA TAU !!!!!!!!! 
really needs to work on this astral projection thing .... being snowbound is really starting to wear on my nerves .... oi . 
So I just made my first torque from some leftover copper electrical wire using nothing but a pair of needlenose pliars and MY BARE HANDS . Needless to say , I feel like a frickin ' boss . 
It doesn't take much at all to fuck my head up these days . Of course , having neither health , nor freedom , nor money , nor prospects can do that to you . 
Wop wop wop . 
\That bassline sounds like Optimus Prime jacking the fuck off . \ " -Saxton Hatman " 
You and I wake up in jail together . * gasp * Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment , please copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . 
\Go to your profile . The top 5 friends that are in the sidebar are now your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How f-d are you ? \ " \ 
Is it possible to wonder rationally whether you are a sociopath ? 
And so , I'll be found , with my stake stuck in this ground , marking the territory of this newly empassioned soul . 
I think I'm falling in love with the singer's voice from Mumford & Sons . * heartfelt sigh * 
Was it love or fear of the cold that led us through the night ? 
Pissed off , bored , annoyed at the world .... definitely time for some angry sex . 
I dreamt last night that I rushed ZBT and somehow got in . It was the best dream of my life . 
Watching Fried Green Tomatoes . Run , Big Geo'ge , run !! 
Starbright is sitting in front of my computer hopelessly torn between chasing the mouse icon on the screen and dipping her paw in my water glass . LOL . 
Ah , watching men beat the living shit out of each other in skirts and fancy armour . No better way to spend a Sunday afternoon . 
Rune-carving . 
Runes are finished ! Whew ! In other news : camping for spring break with < PROPFIRST > Farris , < PROPMALE > Carmical , and various other awesome people . SCORE . 
< PROPFIRST > Trump , suck my liberal balls . Ain't no way you're gonna be President , Toupee Man . 
misses LYON and all the righteous people there . 
Forgot how awesome < PROPMALE > Gill is .... but then I remembered . 
is so horny tonight . Damn you , celibacy , damn you ! 
Anxiety , boredom , no job , no money , depression , mono . The story of my fucking life 
..... sigh 
Only Gage Davidson could make a day in which my therapist told me that I've been massively underestimating my level of depression better with two words ... and those two words are \Fuck celibacy . \"" 
Ahhh , Lyon . How I miss thee . Fayetteville in the spring isn't bad though :D 
