I hate being sick 

I get to see my fella in less then 2 weeks ! Yay ! 
toured all day yesterday , and now my shows are all muddy from the stupid mud I had to walk in , because it rained the whole time . :( 
I'm really hungry , but too lazy to fix anything . Oh well I guess . 
I should be cleaning the kitchen , but instead I'm sitting at my computer doing nothin 
wishing something good was on tv late at night . -cartoons again- 
up and down all night tonight ... wish I wasn't so exhausted I was afraid of missing my alarm . 
loving life again after a year . Yay , < PROPFEMALE > is great ! 
Looking forward to seeing a movie with < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . Yay life really is back to normal . 
wondering whether or not I want to attempt to round house kick for Jen ... and craving going to see another movie . 
I know I should go to bed now , but I don't want to at the same time . Going to anyway . Tomorrow the real fun begins ! Only 6 hours to wait . 
Sad that this is my last night to visit my bestie , back to the real world tomorrow , plus a super long drive . 
Lazy day today . Tomorrow I clean the kitchen !! If I keep telling myself that maybe I'll actually do it . 
Feeling out of sorts ... just watched the new episode of warehouse 13 . Now I think I'll read a book and zone . 
I'm hanging with Jeannette ... lord what torture . -shoots self in the foot- no the pain of being with her IS worse . jk jk ... I'm having a great time . 
Trying to decide if I want to go out or not ... I don't think I will . 
finally able to log in again ! How happy ! 
Imagines the way I feel now is like the air being let out of a balloon when it gets poped . Going to go to work now ... hopefully somethg good and/or interesting happens along the way . I could really a pep boost or a good laugh right now . -sigh- 
going to go to bed now ... many errands tomorrow 
Yay OU won 35-10 Wtg Bobcats O H I O--O H I O--O , h , i , o--O , h , i , o Gooooooooooooo ! 
Agh Agahhhh I can't stop sneezing !!! 
Can't believe it's only tuesday ... this week is going by soooo slowly . ugh 
Wishing inspiration wwould just find me ... I feel stupid today 
I slept way too long yesterday . Now I'm wired at 2 am . I hate messing up my sleep schedule 
Considering signing up for the 30 dollar writers workshop , but I really don't know that I can spare the money right now . 
I have learned my lesson fron now I will fully read all polcy agreements before I sign up . Hidden fees just blow . 
Sitting in biology right now we are making fun of the athrax scare . Good times . 
I'm blonde again that means I'm allowed to be stupid . hahahaha ! 
wishing that money and time difference didn't matter , and could go wherever whenever . 
Pretty happy . The Sword of Truth season two is only 2.5 weeks away . 
I hate construction . I miss taking naps . They are making me actually wish for winter so they'd go away ! 
Can't believe it's time to schedule for new classes already . 
Saw Paranormal activity ... it wasn't bad , but it was boring . 
Going to write a tragic song about my life and sell it to the highest bidder . I've got some pretty intense feelings right now ... I think the finished product will be a master piece . It's going to be titled \looking for a lost happiness \"" 
not going to do anything the rest of the night . 
I had to pay 160 dollars , because I had to get my car towed and all because OU has a swine flu breakout on campus . They had to disinfect my car before they would tow it , and then the charged me for the extra \work\ " . Is it my fault the swine flu got to OU ? " 
sitting at SIPs goofing around . Today has been a good day so far 
Tomorrow is Mom's cleansing ceremony . I'm happy for her , but I sure don't look forward to sitting through mass . Her dinky class had better let out around the same time , or I'll find it difficult to keep on a happy face . She is halfway to becoming catholic . -in the name of the father , son , and the holy spirit , amen- 
I got the radio job interview . I'm not sure whether or not I'll get the hire , but it sure would be sweet to work for a radio station . Everyone cross your fingers for me please . 
I've sort of got that head over heels feeling going on . This has been a really good day . 
Today is the day . 
Staring at a light bulb doesn't give good ideas , instead I've got spots in front of my eyes . AAgghh roadblock is the worst . 
I think I'll bake some christmas cookies ... or just eat the dough ... to bake or not to bake 
I've decided that honest kindness , and meaningful emotion is the only gift I want this year . 
wow < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland looks kinda nothing like I thought it would 
Thanks , everyone , for the birthday wishes . Today was a good day . Got 358/2 and spirit tracks , I'm a happy camper . 
I am becoming obsessed with yet another video game . I think I need help . Curse you Dragon Age . 
I hate it when the weather changes all my plans . I'm all packed and ready to go , but I'm stuck . 
youtube in black is pretty cool . I like it . 
Considering if I would rather read or play a video game . 
Annoyed that people who get annoyed by me just drop the entire subject . Just because I thought to add something to what you were saying didn't mean I didn't want to hear what you had to say . 
I'm ready to get my paycheck as of this second ... another two days to wait , but I need money now . 
Today is going to be one of those days were I do things that are irrational . I should just stay in bed . 
I'm loving the improved weather . 
Why oh why does Sprints customer service have to suck so bad ? Yes , I do want to pay in full , but I don't want to pay next months balance . ~ someone needs to visit the Wizard of Oz ~ 
I'm not feeling like the greatest person right now . Why does the way I feel often mean someone is going to be upset with me . I am torn between a sure thing and life's big adventure . Which do I choose ? 
Doughnuts do cheer me up . Especially fresh doughnuts that are homemade and warm . I get the feeling I'm being bribed . 
For whatever reason I can't load apps . hmmmm 
worried , because my fiance ' is very sick . I wish the ER would hurry up and get a doctor in to see him . 
I'm not ready for the weekend to be over . 
I'm feeling a bit blue . At least I have enough work to distract me . 
Tonight was a great night ! Life is good . :) 
Today has been almost perfect , and what makes it even better is I get tomorrow off to just chill . Yep living the good life . lol 
I need more to do ... I knew I should have put some stuff off until later , damn my impulse to just get everything done as quickly as possible . 
Zach might be having surgery this week , because the last time he saw a doctor they gave him a staph infection . Even more reason to hate hospitals . 
I really just want to be able to soak up the nice weather , I hate that I just don't have time this week . :( 
Just felt like announcing that I am such a < PROPMALE > dork . 
Time to relax . Checking ticket prices for a cruise this summer . I'm loving my good luck of late . :) 
I think I'm going to go see kick-ass now . 
going out to enjoy the weather . 
Sometimes it's a good idea to not get your hopes up . 
I'm upset that the trip I planned to see Zach a week sooner fell through . -sigh- 
Extremely tired . Going to see < PROPMALE > of Persia later . I hope it's as good as it looks . 
I'm so not a happy camper right now . -grumpy face- 
I finally got around to doing laundry . Amen for clean clothes . 
Lots of changes the past couple months , and even more just around the corner . Soon I'll be able to set the date for my wedding . 
7 years later and I get a full day off on the Fourth of July !!!! I just wish I wasn't still so sick :( 
I can't believe I'm thinking this , but I'm ready for summer to be over . I'm bored of the heat . 
Why does there need to be a reason to bake a cake ? Why can't the reason be , because I like cake ? 
TACOS !!!!! 
I don't know why I keep messing up my sleep schedule , but I stayed up all night even though I know I work at 6am tomorrow . It's never been said I was very bright . 
Going to an all night party and BBQ tonight . 
Just got back from taking my new pup Scamp to the dog park . He sure is hyper ! 
Hard couple of days , but on the bright side I finally got an ultra sound . 
Very sick . Going back to the doctor tomorrow . Hopefully I'll be better soon . 
I miss WoW . I need to get this computer fixed . 
I love it when Zach does something unexpected for me out of the blue . He made what could have been the worst day yesterday so much better . 
Playing Fable III ... fun as always , but a bit depressing . 
I finally had a day off where I didn't have to run errands or do chores . It feels great to get to chill out . 
Yea , I'm set for the christmas season . Bring on the holiday cheer :) 
I love the snow , but I sure hate ice . ick ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :) 
For anyone interested ... My baby is a boy ! 
I need to get myself motivated to move furniture to make room for the baby's new stuff . Now that I know what I'm having I can go to town . 
I set up an event for my baby shower in Feb . If you want to come , but I didn't send you an invite please let me know . It will be in WV . 
Watching it snow for the 17th day in a row . Waiting on my advisor to call me back and let me know that everything updated correctly this time , so I can order my books . Then I'm going to take advantage of what time I have left to work on getting to lvl 85 . 
question of my week ... can I make it until friday with what gas in the car now ? -crossing fingers- I think I can , I think I can . 
excited to get started in the teaching program ! 
yea I will be up for the total eclipse of the < PROPFEMALE > . I do have to work the next morning at 6am , but seeing that I'm pregnant I'm up a million times a night anyway , so I may as well enjoy seeing a coppery red < PROPFEMALE > . lol 
I want to wish everyone a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Be safe all . I likely won't be on the next few days . 
Extremely stuffed after two days of huge meals . Now I am ready to veg out . 
I took too long of a nap yesterday and now I can't sleep . I really hope this doesn't throw off my entire routine . 
It was a long day at work , after sleeping on the couch last night . I really hope tomorrow goes better . 
The sudden nice weahter was great while it lasted ... welcome back snow and cold . 
starting a collection of baby stuff already . 
I miss having time to take a nap ... ugh ugh . 
I have come up with an invention . I hope it turns out to be worth it . 
This is the last week before my third trimester begins . Not too much longer now . I can hardly wait ! 
Very sad to learn that Borders will likely disappear this year . I will miss it greatly ... so many Borders memories . -sigh- 
I didn't get enough sleep last night . I think I will try and take a nap soon . The meds the doctor gave me have a drowsy effect . 
I really wish the puppy would calm down already . All Scamp does all day is whine , unless you give him never ending attention . You don't actually have to play with him you just have to let him attempt to tear apart everything in the house while jumping on and off your lap . He really is a sweet dog , but a little too high energy for me right now . 
less than a week until my second ultra sound appointment , and less than two months until I finally get to see my little boy . I'm super excited ! 
Ended up having to go to the hospital today , and I was told it seems like I've only got another two to maybe three weeks until my baby boy will be here . I'm ready for the baby , but I'm not ready for the labor ... 
Waiting for Zach to get back from < PROPMALE > Hortons . I might be going south to Newark again today , but my main focus is to finish pre-washing baby clothes . I can hardly believe I'm so close now ! 
