facebook confuses me 

poop 
headache 
hi 
money on my mind 
oh yeah ! the xbox is on its way back home :) \We are happy to let you know that we have shipped your console back to you ! \"" 
selling a nokia data cable , which is the cable that connects your computer to your phone !! it works with ALL nokia phones so you can add pictures ringtones and such ! only 5$ they're like 20$ in the store so hit me up nokia users !!! 
it started with a music thing , not caring what the people think , just doing our own damn thing 
warped tomorrow !! haha who's goin !! 
missing the xbox :( 
vacation officially is started !! 
growing dreds 
cause we're gonna do it our way ! 
life is just a good riff and a beat !! party on !! 
takin the world !! CAUSE I WANT TO 
on top the world 
behemoth 
blink 182 sucks 
pull up in that white on white know you wonder what its like , know you wonder whats the price , it ain't nothin to a boss 
just got my soundsystem , super cool ! 
say what ? 
just live your life 
cause i'm sittin on top of the world 
move in day is tomorrow !! 
keep gettin the paper and keep on buyin look in the mirror and keep on shinin 
lets make a deal , a < PROPFEMALE > for a disease 
busy doin lots of school !! 
we'll march along with our blindfolds on ; and we'll ride the rails with our pistols drawn ; can the lord about forgive what we've done ; can we fight to save our souls 
48 out of 50 on music quiz !!!!!! 
tuesday 
forever 
its time to suck todays < PROPMALE > 
and you were my , my hero through it all 
i scream to know somebodys listening 
white sparrows fell from heaven and carried her away ; black arrows cut the strings of my heart ; i kneel and pray ; they gave her one more day to say the words i couldn't say ; i'm crying in pain , CRYING IN PAIN 
house tonight ! 
rain 
but if you keep that smile then you'll find a way 
hold your breath and count to 4 !!!!!! 
so wrap your arms around me , hold me close , and don't let go !!!!!!!! 
So come all you jolly young fellows I'd have you take warning by me Whenever you're out on the liquor Beware of the pretty < PROPFEMALE > She'll fill you with whiskey and < PROPMALE > Until you're not able to stand And the very next thing you'd know You've landed in < PROPFIRST > Dieman's Land . 
i'm not sick but i'm not well ; and i'm so hot cause i'm in hell , i'm not sick but i'm not well ; and it's a sin to live this we !! 
suck my clip , swallow my bullets and don't you spit 
home 
that which starts sweet ends bitter , and that which starts bitter ends sweet 
SOMEDAY YOU'LL MEET YOUR ROCKING CHAIR COS THAT'S WHERE WE'RE SPINNING THERE'S NO POINT TO WANNA COMB YOUR HAIR WHEN IT'S GREY AND THINNING 
The seasons barely change . They move too fast for me . Back home the autumn leaves are falling softly from the trees . Don't take this away , I'm close to sanity . I pushed against the grain and drove a thousand < PROPMALE > away . 
tgif 
back home 
lets make a deal a < PROPFEMALE > for disease 
over and out 
run for cover as ast as you can we're fighters and lovers and enemies of friends pens and knives apologize believeing you tonight leaving you tonight 
oddly warm for a november winter ? 
disapear and disolve , a weaking wall will one day all 
disappear and disolve , a weakening wall , will one day fall 
i shot the sheriff , but i didn't shoot the deputy 
dj nightmare 
classes are so terribly boring ... 
its a g thing 
in the shadow of a thousand suns 
i fought the law but the law won 
What comes after the end ? 
infinity is produced in the relationship of the same with the other , and how the particular and the personal , which are unsurpassable , as it were magnetize the very field in which the production of infinity is enacted 
south park ! 
cause i'd get a thousand hugs from ten thousand lightning bugs 
You are the sun You are the only one My heart is blue My heart is blue for you Be my , be my , be my little rock and roll < PROPFEMALE > Be my , be my , be my little rock and roll < PROPFEMALE > 
watching new < PROPFEMALE > 
stalemate 
i don't like monday's ... not one bit :( 
TO BREAK DOWN AND CEASE ALL FEALING BURN NOW WHAT WAS ONCE BREATHING REACH OUT AND YOU MAY TAKE MY HEART AWAY 
why does xoxoxo mean love ??? 
I found a way , over the fear and through the flames I'm diving in , don't follow me stay right here ill be back for you someday i found a way , it'd be best if you just stayed its not safe don't follow me i found a way , i found a way 
They ain't tough enough , smart enough or fast enough . 
the refrigerator froze my < PROPFEMALE > d :( how will i drink it now ? 
and tomorrow we'll do it again 
can't stop from just smilin when that damn sun is shinin down , yeah it's just shinin down all over me 
it's begining to look a lot like christmas 
Snow is way cooler than rain !!! 
today was a pretty cool day 
prossibly 
does anyone play animal crossing on ds anymore ??? 
If I go crazy then will you still call me superman ? 
Motivation such an aggravation , Accusations don't know where to take them , Inspiration's getting hard to fake it . Concentration's never hard to break it . Situation never what you want it to be . 
Can you take me higher ? 
It's not that it isn't possible , but simply that it isn't probable . 
Is anyone else up studying for exams ??? 
last exam !!!!!! 
Why do people make facebook groups to get people to stop smoking ? It seems almost like setting yourself up for a letdown . Why would someone reason for quitting be that they're kid got a million people to join an online group ? How about quitting so you can live !!! 
Returning to < PROPMALE > now . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . 26 years old is too young . 
Had a productive day today . Been playin ODST since 11 and finally beat it ! 
Love is like a butterfly it goes wherever it pleases , and pleases wherever it goes . 
Tango Down ! 
Make everything fun ! 
game time , who's comin to watch wit me ?? 
11:11 MAKE A WISH !! 
just beat modern warfare 2 on veteran ! 
Why is college easier than high school ? 
What's goin on today ? 
Well it's alright , Well it's okay , There's someone out there , Waiting for you , Just waiting to meet you !! 
It ain't easy headbangin with glasses 
man has a gun , he know's how to use it , 9mm browning , let's you see what he can do , he'll point it at your mouth , says that he'll blow your brains out 
On the list of top 50 most-viewed wikipedia articles of 2009 , vagina comes in 36th place averaging 22,295 hits a day !!! 
just got done watchin that < PROPFIRST > darko 
gotta catch em ' all 
don't tell me , tell my ghost , cause i blame him for all i don't want to know 
There is no forever , just today . 
Hey Miss Murder !!!! 
stay fly 
He told her a little secret , which earned him a little kiss 
... she'll always be beautiful 
She ain't gotta speak cause my speakers let her know that I'm ballin 
< PROPFIRST > loves it 
it's kind of funny how i'm not listening anyway 
this beautiful tragedy 
I don't wanna waste my time , become another casualty of society , I'll never fall in line become another victim of your conformity AND BACK DOWN 
I fly like paper , get high like planes . 
everybody's got there problems , everybody says the same thing to you 
If you read this , \like\ " it ! " 
nothin good 
And I wanna conquer the world . Give all the idiots a brand new religion ! 
:) 
I could use a hug .. 
I love Young < PROPFIRST > :) 
There's a place off ocean avenue !!! 
No one on the corner has swagga like us 
In < PROPMALE > for now ... 
and if the horses won't drink , drown them in the water 
woke up with a bad bad headache 
Bumpin to Da Boss < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Fighting demons . 
T.I. gets outta jail this month ! 
I do it how I wanna do 
Will I change ? I doubt it . Never admittied to bein perfect , but neither is anybody else . 
... but I love chef 
mom's gettin me glasses tomorrow !!!! 
Three cheers for not having a job , runnin out of money , and havin nothin to do !!! 
sublime 
Some folks say that smokin < PROPMALE > is a crime If they catch you smokin they're bound to drop the dime Insufferable informa crazy fools Wait with their fingers crossed for you to break the rules And in the evening when we try to jam We like the music loud in this here band We let the bass line drop as loud as we can stand Somebody always gotta turn informa for the man 
Who ever thought that fat girl would turn into Oprah ? 
Life every man holds dear ; but the dear man holds honor far more precious dear than life . 
oh no 
He's what you call class . 
inspired me truly you did from the start , to not be afraid and to follow my heart , there's a piece of you with me they can't tear apart , forever 
her beauty never ceases to amaze me ... 
life sucks 
For it was not into my ear you whispered , but into my heart . It was not my lips you kissed , but my soul . 
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night . In their grey visions they obtain glimpses of eternity . 
Thy grace , thy more than beauty , Shall be an endless theme of praise , And love — a simple duty . 
she showed up at my work on something , and screamed , \I'm a DAISEY ! \"" 
Young < PROPFIRST > is the coolest person ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 111 I <3 her :) 
That's why I'm ready for whateva , somebody better tell em ' , I'll be here when the smoke clears and everything settles forreal . 
overdrew my bank account ... at least i get paid tomorrow ! 
Don't expect nothin less of me cause I be goin this way til the death of me 
saw mean girls ... never been more greatful to be male 
Well the years start coming and they don't stop coming Back to the rule and I hit the ground running Didn't make sense not to live for fun Your brain gets smart but your head gets dumb 
How many brothas fell victim to tha streetz Rest in peace young nigga there's a Heaven for a ' G ' be a lie If I told ya that I never thought of death my niggas we tha last ones left but life goes on ..... 
Eminem's \Not Afraid\ " is worth checking out . " 
The Game ... you just lost 
' s semester is over :) 
How bout them reds ? 
The Spy Who Shagged Me 
moments are all we have 
arsis . 
pour out a little liquor 
if we hold on for one more day we just might last 
haircut !! like ? 
such a waste .. 
So am I less holy ? Cause I puff on a blunt and drink a beer wit my homies 
Quiet y'all incoming call 
fable ll 
It may be rainin ' but it never rain on my parade 
Save & Quit 
fable 2 why can i not travel to westcliff !!! oh no !! 
that is that and this is this 
You know it's funny when it rains it pours , they got money for wars but can't feed the poor . 
Believe me when I say that I got somethin for his punk ass 
I stop and stare at the younger , my heart goes to ' em , They tested , it was stressed that they under ! 
< PROPMALE > Little's a pretty cool mouse . You know it ! 
Why do people get so crazy over little things like this and that . 
homie , i'll never forget you 
savor every moment of thisssssss 
ocarina . of . time . 
show me how you do it , and i promise , i promise i'll run away with you ! 
We need action in the street , moving with our feet . Its time to shout out loud . Its a movement and there's no time like right now . Its time to get up get up get up why don't you ? Stand up stand up its time to start a fight . 
There's no turning back tonight ! kiss me one last time ... 
LIKE MY STATUS AND I'LL TELL YOU WHAT I LIKE , DISLIKE , MY FIRST IMPRESSION AND A CONFESSION ABOUT YOU . 
get over your drama , you're not cool anyway 
8/9/10 
the scent of fall 
on the grind 
my beats be nasty 
who can find me subs ? 
let him go ! let him go ! that man is innocent , he's only just be speaking his own mind 
who's got a head unit ?? 
you and your facebook 
I'll be that man on the < PROPFEMALE > 
I can't stop its all I know , from a youngen I was tought to get doe 
and they're all made out of ticky tacky and they all look just the same 
unlike fools who precede the jewels 
HyPnOtIzIn MiNdS 
Turn yo swag on ! 
goin in for the kill 
another week of the grind 
you know you love those old school songs 
The sky might be falling but remember you can fly 
my life style ? It's bout a life of style 
is it worth can you even hear me 
Black Ops 
I've been called ridiculous , crazy , and out of my mind but you don't understand it's the life of the grind . 
there's someone out there waiting for you . just waiting to meet you !! 
The real rocknrolla 
God'll take you through hell just to get you to heaven . 
I hope they understand that I really understand that they don't understand . 
motivation such an aggravation 
i didn't even have to use my AK ; I gotta say it was a good day 
