Can a human live on so little sleep that whenever you blink , it feels as though your eyeballs are gonna shoot out your head like a true life < PROPMALE > rabbit , also who thinks that the film 2012 is an accurate version of events to come , time to sell up in Cali methinks !!! 

is it wrong to be on facebook your first day at a new job ?? 
I just got some Really graphic grief from some crazy Italian from Napoli cuz I took all his money playing poker . I'm not racist but ................................. 
Accidentaly saw a real life disgusting medical show . Last time I watched it I passed out . For real I PASSED the ---- Out 
Ok my Yankee and < PROPFEMALE > friends less than a week until our national teams meet in what will be an epic battle , no wait an easy win for England . Do you people even know the world's biggest sporting event starts Friday !!!!!!!!!!! Support England !!!!!!! 
I'm looking for another lost soul to share this fish bowl 
Two days to go , two days to go !!!!!! 
Facebook has blown my mind 
I like Big Butts 
The dark figure stood at the cliffs precipice staring out at the violent sea below . The long dark coat he wore waved in the heady breeze . The waves were calming as they crashed on the jagged rocks below . He smiled and turned his back on his friend , the Sea . 
Girls , Girls , Girls !! 
Come on USA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
I hate this sport !!!!! 
Come on England !!!!!! 
Come on USA , you got the heart , Now git < PROPFEMALE > shootin boots on !!!!! 
Some people live for the rules\ 
I live for Exceptions !!!!! 
If I was a roach on a tree , tell me would you smoke me !! 
Clap on !!!!! 
You go up down , turn around , < PROPFEMALE > go round and round , shake it shake it two times , dosie do , cotton eye < PROPFIRST > , run around , pull me down , I'm never gonna come around , I'm never gonna forget you !!!! 
The obstacle is the path . 
Proverbs often contradict one another , as any reader soon discovers . The sagacity that advises us to look before we leap promptly warns us that if we hesitate we are lost ; that absence makes the heart grow fonder , but out of sight , out of mind . 
The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it . 
Argghhhhh !!! Can't sleep somebody sing me a lullaby 
