I'd love to be with you and the sun will rise , the sun will rise . -Black Moth Super Rainbow 

i need something to doooo ! 
Youth In Revolt was awesome :) 
I'm screamin out ' Fuck That . ' Imma do just what I want . Lookin ahead , no turnin back . 
dye-ing my hair red-er :D 
loving the new Band of Horses cd :] 
today was an adventure ... hopefully its not over ;) 
:] 
outside by your doorstep , in a worn out suit and tie . i'll wait for you to come down . where you'll find me , where we'll shine . - Band of Horses 
Inhale this lung full to make me smile , And then we'll talk up a real conversation . 
who's excited to paint ?! ... not me . 
good/bad things ... tha fuck ? 
if it takes shit to make bliss , well i feel pretty blissfully . 
I'd love to be with you , and the sun will rise . The sun will rise . 
how many times do you have to say '' excuse me '' before '' get the fuck out of my way '' becomes acceptable ?? 
Ladies and Gentlemen , my names Wiz Khalifa , and Im so damn gooood ! 
If I can't drink , then I can't go . 
Let them say what they will , cuz they will anyhow . 
Counting all different ideas drifting away , past and present , they don't matter now the future's sorted out . -- Phoenix 
She's back ! 
We think you're a joke , shove your hope where it don't shine -- Santigold :) 
school wasnt as bad as I thought it would be ... i missed everyone :') 
school work will never be accomplished in McConvilles 4th hour . yay ! :) 
Fuck you , and you , and you . But mostly you . 
It's not illegal , it's frowned upon ... 
We think you're a joke , shove your hope where it don't shine . :] 
I approoove :)))) 
Zumiez .... aww ! 
Savanah is in love with < PROPFEMALE > ... and Four Lokos . for sure . 
does my effort even phase you ? shiiiit . 
accomplishments are transiet . 
We're something else ... :D 
Let's make this happen , girl you gonna show the world that something good can work and it can work for you . And you know that it will . 
As life gets longer , awful feels softer . \ 
Well it feels pretty soft to me . \ 
And if it takes shit to make bliss , \ 
then I feel pretty blissfully . 
There's nothing left to do now besides sit back and watch the world fall apart . 
My legs collapse in < PROPFEMALE > with the music and I plummet down forever . ? 
Daydream ... I fell asleep beneath the flowers , for a couple of hours . What a beautiful day . 
You were laying on the carpet , like you're satin in a coffin . Are you dead or are you sleepin ? God I sure hope you are dead ... ? 
I can't shake you off of me . And I can't be here , and help but think that you should be next to me . I scream your name , I don't know why I care . Oh , I'm still here :) 
All my life , there you go . Oh please stay , just this once , anyway . STARFUCKER ! 
Well that is that and this is this . You tell me what you want and i tell you what you get . You get away from me . You get away from me ... :] 
Let's make this happen , girl you gonna show the world that something good can work and it can work for you . And you know that it will ;) 
now that that's over with ... who wants a couple shots ? :) 
Fuck that . Imma do just what I want lookin ' ahead no turnin ' back . I'M ON THE PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS , BITCH . 
cuz we are , we are , su-per hiiiigh ... 
i don't wanna come doooown . 
seriously , you're disguisting . get out of my life . 
Grow Up and Blow Away ? Metric 
Bitch please you like a disease , best thing I ever did was tell that ass peace . 
bein all S P A C E Y 
i be high , then i be low . i be low , then i be high . no need to worry , it's the story of my life . 
Lately things just don't seem the same . Actin funny , but I don't know why . ' Scuse me while I kiss the sky .. 
Well that is that and this is this , you tell me what you want and i'll tell you what you get <3 
I wear my shades at night so I can look in the abyss , I see something in nothingness if you could picture this . 
What it do boo ? You smoke < PROPMALE > ? Yeah , me too 
No need to stress , hold you back too much 
Religion is the opiate of the masses . 
Summertime is the only time . 
< PROPFEMALE > . 
Oh , Inverted World 
Obstacle 1\ 
Interpol\ 
<3 
renegade 
the shins <3 
my friends suck . 
A Mustang isn't the best way of transportation for toddlers and their accessories . live&learn . 
TwoDoorCinemaClub <3 <3 <3 
i'm high but i'm grounded . i'm sane but i'm overwhelmed . i'm lost but i'm hopeful , yyyeah . 
i'm such a brat . 
going cuh-raaazy 
SOLD to the highway patrol man ... 
Skins has the best soundtrack . 
jealousy is the ugliest trait 
caring is creepy 
it's a great day to drive a standard 
just another day out in < PROPFEMALE > LA ... 
check my french 
Wrong Turn 3 ... swagger 
opportunity knocks 
there's not enough time in the day 
invisible for 8 months ... now i'm all they see 
customer service is not my thing 
sooooooo my computers spammed ? ignore the wierd ass message you probably got from me 
