Oi . If only I could just freeze myself until school starts . Death would be an acceptable alternative to waiting ' til monday . 

Never fear , I'm not dead . Just busy ... 
yWha oesDa obodyNa eakSpa igPa atinLa ? 
The winds of change are roaring ... 
Being sick sucks ... 
For the longest time I forgot this place existed . Sorry I'm ignoring you , friends , it must have been crushing and distressing to not hear from me . 
Oh god , I need to change my picture . 
There isn't such a thing as sanity . Only degrees of madness . 
I would have pranked someone if I had an idea . 
I really need a new profile picture . 
Throwback Galaxy . ' Nuff said . 
I believe in < PROPFEMALE > Christ !... chances are you normal people will never get that . 
Finally got to work out today . Midnight screening of Toy Story 3 later . 
HAHA !!!!! TAKE THAT VIRUS !!! SAY GOODBYE !!! 
' Fools ' tomorrow . Hopefully I don't flub a line . Wish me luck . 
Good news everyone ! [/professorfarnsworth ] I may upload Fools to youtube , depending on whether or not we caught the whole thing . 
For everyone I got to work with this last week : thank you so much for everything . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > were wonderful directors and teachers . I learned so much from you guys . All you actors were all brilliant and i can't imagine anyone else playing our characters anymore . Everyone involved were kind , funny , quirky and just plain cool people and I love you all and will miss you terribly . God bless you all , and good luck . 
Fools will be uploaded in two parts tonight . I apologize in advance for the editing . 
Argh ... I swore I wouldn't do it , but I guess now I HAVE to get the new Metroid . stupidgoodgamesmakingmebrokegrumblegrumble 
Rewatched the Back to the Future Trilogy while on vacation last week . Part II is STILL my all time favorite movie . 
New couch ! 
We all miss you , < PROPFIRST > Lennon . RIP and happy birthday . 
Playing 21 questions is like a deal with the devil . You can find out what people think of you , but it has the consequence of having to answer stupid and disgusting questions for quite a while for a single answer . 
God bless you Wolfram < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
\All cowboys are jews ?!? \"" 
Went to the 25th Anniversary Back to the Future screening ! Won the Blu-Ray in a trivia contest and got a poster . \ 
\ 
My life is complete . 
Happy Thanksgiving my friends ! I love you all ! 
I'm going to write a horror story . 
Talk to me , friends ! 
Eagerly waiting for the release of Back to the Future : The Game . Hard to believe I'm going to play as the characters from my all time favorite movies . 
BTTF Episode 1 was amazing . ' < PROPFEMALE > in there , Doc . ' ' Poor choice of words , < PROPFIRST>!' 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! God bless us , every one ! 
' < PROPMALE > , where should I put this bomb so that it doesn't hurt anyone we know or care about ? ' \ 
' Out the window , < PROPFIRST > ! There's nothing but strangers out there!' 
Haven't been on facebook for a while , I just got on to find all this on my wall ! Thanks for all the birthday greetings , guys . Sorry I didn't have a party or anything , I just wanted to have a smaller celebration with my family this year . You're all great friends , and I hope to see you again soon ! 
My health is much-improved lately ! I've lost 11 pounds since last year and I've got back most of the essential chemicals I need I've previously lacked . 
SHE WAS WRONG ! THERE WERE FOUR ! FOUR ! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO -- 
