How was your new years party ? I hope everybody had a safe and fun one . 

something , something , darkside 
Usually when I hear I have to do a 200-300 word essay I go ugh that will take hours . Which is true if handwritten , but only an hour or less by typing it ... depending on the subject . Since my school requires all essays to be typed .... this is not going to be as painful as i thought . YAY !!! sorry wastin your time reading this , just wanted to express myself . :) 
Red wings will be making playoffs as usual yay 
do you know whats nice about computer repair compare to engine/motor repair ? 
3,497 Infected killed so far . And i had a whole digiorno 1 lb pizza by myself . 
8,731 infected killed so far , going back for more . 
Wings win 3-0 and tie up the series 2-2 against the Coyotes ! 
Wings win 4-1 over Coyotes and lead the series 3-2 last night in Phoenix 
Wings Win 6-1 over the Coyotes and will be going to Round 2 of the 2010 < PROPMALE > Cup Playoffs ! 
The Red Wings and Sharks Start Round 2 Tonight- I enjoy the sharks , but I am a very loyal red wings fan . 
shakes head in disappointment after checking the san < PROPFIRST > vs red wings score , 
Soooo ...... tonight I find out if my Red Wings have any fight left in them . 
Wings win 7-1 over the Sharks and head to San < PROPFIRST > for Game 5 ............... they on something . 5 goals in the first period . 
congrats to the sharks and the shark fans 
AMD Phenom II X4 955 3.2 Ghz , Western digital 500Gb hard drive , ADATA 4GB RAM(memory ) , ATI RADEON HD 5750 video card , Lite-On DVD multi-recorder CD-ROM drive , ASUS 19\ monitor . Friends im back . Thanks to my brother and his friend for finding and ordering the parts I needed since I did not have computer/internet to do so . " 
I have been quiet for a while now . Hope everyone is doing ok . Iku will be arriving here on July 13th . You all have impacted my life in many ways than one could possibly imagine . Thank you my friends and I pray your lives will be long and prosperous(no pun intended ) I pray and hope to see each and every one of you someday again even if for just 5 minutes . 
It is 2 days , 13 hours , 8 minutes and 35 seconds until Tuesday , July 13 , 2010 at 9:41:00 AM 
feeling spunky , got 25 more hours to go ... maybe 26 hours , but nonetheless I'm spunky . 
.... Bow Chika bow wow ;) 
headin to the air expo sometime today . They will have the patriots flying . 
Where did < PROPMALE > perkins go ? 
I am happy to say I have passed my College math class with a 82.9 :D trust me it was a big improvement compared 5 weeks ago . 
Well just finished another quarter , now I have 2 weeks of no homework .... just work . Then I am back at it again starting on the 13th . I dont mind , I enjoy it really ... except the math portion . 
Starting classes again this week ... got Database Development , Programming In Visual Basic , and for the < PROPFEMALE > on top .. College Mathematics II . Hope everybody is doing well . 
Thank you to all who has served or is serving in the U.S. Armed forces . 
Preparing/Studying for Finals next week in Database , Visual basic , and Trigonometry .... hoping to make all As 
Yesterday and today my classes were cancelled due to inclement weather . LOL Ice and snow baby yea ... So now I have to take my finals after thanksgiving so much for my school vacation :( 
I woke up late . HAPPY THANKSGIVING to all ! I really miss everyone of you . 
Hey y'all(okie accent ) I know I have neglected everybody for a while . I just want to say happy holidays and I hope your new years is great . 
Finished my first year of school . ready for some R & R 
