ugh don't wanna go back yet ... 

... 
R . I . P --> MJ 
ugh work 8-5 .... then gym or something txt the cell to keep me sane ... 
So bring on the rain And listen to the THUNDER .. 
exhaustedd ... but JULY 4th is tommorrow =) 
Fuck trees , I climb buoys , motherfucker ! 
got < PROPFEMALE > much sleep last night ... almost excited for today 
So what we gonna have dessert or diaster ... i never thought i'd fall for u as hard as i did . 
Oh , this is the start of something good Don't you agree ? 
The power of imagination makes us infinite . 
PT till 7 then mayb watchin the HR derby 
She don't know you but she swear she knows your type Got a mouth full of opinions and most are wrong But they all sound right 
Everybody's whos hatin can get to skatin with no hesitation 
so sick of stupid people ! 
icing my amazing knee :/ 
Existe < PROPFEMALE > increíble chica ... su nombre es < PROPFIRST > y todo lo que quiero hacer es tener en sus brazos y nunca dejó ir =) Me haces tan feliz bebé 
why do I do this to myself ?... 15 mile bike ride not such a good idea =/ 
really in a bike riding mood lol so goin on another bike ride ... hit up the cell :) 
“Imagination is more important than knowledge . Knowledge is limited . Imagination encircles the world” - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
shootin hoops 
Cause there's somethin you do That got me walkin on the < PROPFEMALE > 
swear god musta made lightnin strike And I bottled it up , we hit the red carpet and modeled it up 
Shocking but we’re nothing we’re just moments We’re clever but we’re clueless we’re just human Amusing but confusing but the truth is All we got is questions we’ll never know 
... yea ... 
Can you tell me how we got in this situation ? I can't seem to get you off my mind all these ups and downs they trip up our good intentions , nobody said this was an easy ride ... After all we're only human , always fighting what we're feeling , hurt instead o 
I'd be lying if i told you ... losing you was something I could handle 
knee hurts :/ lost my brace ... goin out to buy a new one lol txt it =) 
Baby you save me ... 
How the hell could you stop me ? Why in the world would you try ? I go hard forever , That's just how I'm designed , That's just how I was built See the look in my eyes ? You take all of this from me , And I'm still gon ' survive 
can't sleep yet again .... guitar and whatever ... 
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure . It is our light not our darkness that frightens us . Actually , who are you not to be ? 
you are my light in the dark 
got out early :) don't rly know what to do with myself ... mayb shootin hoops er something . txt it 
I promise you , I'm always there When your heart is filled with sorrow and despair . And i'll < PROPFEMALE > you when you need a friend 
... slept like shit last night ... don't rly feel like doin much of anythin 
Swept the red sox ! :) nicee 
For what it's worth : it's never too late to be whoever you want to be . There's no time limit , stop whenever you want . You can change or stay the same , there are no rules to this thing . We can make the best or the worst of it ... I hope you live a life your proud of . If you find you're not i hope you have the STRENGTH to start all over again 
Distance means little when a person means so much <3 
still kinda feel like shit ... can't wait to relax 
i was the class clown , always kept ya laughin . We weren't meant to be ... baby we just happened =) 
You're the only one who stuck it out last night The only other one who caught the other line You're the only one when this world collides The one that I can't deny All I have , all I have , all I have , well you know it’s yours . 
out planting trees and stuff haha im so lamee =P txt the cell 
I think about you constantly , whether it's with my mind or my heart 
no sleep ... headin out to the hospital prob for the day 
yankees r DOMINATINGG boston !! =D 
Life's a game but it's not fair I break the rules so I don't care So I keep doin ' my own thing Walkin ' tall against the rain Victory's within the mile Almost there , don't give up now 
bed cuz i feel like shitt 
=P 
shooting hoops ... txt it 
treating things like people is ILLUSION . treating people like things is VIOLENCE . treating people like people is JUSTICE . Treating people like self is LOVE ... <3 
finishin up reading then bed . class at 9:30 
workin 12-8 hit up the cell =) 
just got back from work ... reading and such ... txt the cell 
sighh so much fucking readingg 
can't wait 4 the weekend !! chem 9- 9:50 , bio 10- 10:50 then criminal justice 11- 12:20 then workin out probablyy 
I Am the Club =P 
treating things like people is ILLUSION . treating people like things is VIOLENCE . treating people like people is JUSTICE . Treating people like self is LOVE ... ? 
Glad to spend most of my bday with the fam but now it's time for the boys ! Let's all get FUCKED UP 
After all , we're only humanAlways fighting what we're feelingHurt instead of healingAfter all we're only humanIs there any other reasonWhy we stay instead of leaving 
when it feel like livin's harder than dyin ' .... for me givin ' up is way harder than tryin ' 
TRYOUTS TOMORROW =D get some boys !! 
the worst feeling in the world is .... being FORGOTTEN by someone you'll never FORGET ... =/ 
hate when rappers say they tryna get they swagger right cause I done came wit mo’ fire than a dragon fight fuck you pussy ass hater you should do you you ain’t heard of me then you should go and get a Blue’s Clue 
hmmm work for the rest of my weekend .... 2 papers to do ..... 2 tests on monday .... a . k . a AWESOME weekend .... 
stunt when i see you 
people act crazy for no reason ... confused ... goin out wit the friends tonight ... back to school tomorrow for practice ... hit up the cell . 
so fucking sick .... i have pink and a nasty cold =( can't wait for tomorrow to be over !! 
stuntin is nothing im pushin something new everyday 
New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! =) 
so glad i slept from 6:30 last night to 7:30 this morning .... i def needed it after my crazy new years celebrating with my boys until 6 am hahaha 
To be brave is to love someone unconditionally , without expecting anything in return . To just give . That takes courage , because we don't want to fall on our faces or leave ourselves open to hurt . 
you cant tie me down like a pair of shoe strings . 
When you're listening to music ... you grow on the inside of your heart . Every time you listen to music it's helping in the process of you getting to know who you really are and how you live your life . Everything about music makes a difference in your life . 
How many I told you’s , and start overs , and shoulders have you cried on before , how many promises be honest girl , how many tears you let hit the floor , how many bags you’d packed just to take ‘em back , tell me that 
Carve ur name on hearts , not marble . 
I showed you stars you never could see , babe it couldn't have been that easy to forget about me . 
LET'S GOOO ! 
Sometimes the person you really need is the one you didn’t think you wanted . 
Fist pumpin with the boys ! 
class 3- 4:20 .... then practice 4:30 -6 . 
o was that your girl ... i thought i recognized her 
spanish 9:30 - 10:50 , nutrition 11- 12:20 , bio lab 12:30 - 3:30 , practice 4- 5:30 ... ughhh tuesdays .... 
The only people you need in your life are the people that prove they need you in their life . 
shootaround at 10 . game at 1 . 
I don’t even need a watch , I don’t even see a clock Soon as a I walk in , it feel like me o’clock 
better be treatin ur girl right , or another man will . 
studyin chem the rest of the night .... test tomorrow 
Happy another sunday in the month of February ... Sheesssh this Valentines Day shit gets outta hand sometimes ... Holla at me when its like Independance day or somtin ... Half these idiots don't even know its Black History Month ... That is all 
ugh feel like shit . practice at 4 . text it 
I still got a lotta pain , I ain't dealt wit it all ... I'm too attached , my heart won't let me fall back . I got it bad , that's what you can call that . 
if you expect people to change overnight , you're going to get your heartbroken 
Life is about not knowing , having to change , taking the moment and making the best of it , without knowing whats going to happen next ... 
This is my resurrection , so fuck your resolution . I don't need no protection , I don't need your confusion ... don't know what to believe and don't care what you believe ! 
shootin , liftin , hw . text it 
( 864 ): you scanned your fake to get into the dorm last night and when the lady told you it was the wrong card you looked at her and said this is who i am thursday night 
Ehhh too many people are full of shit . Im gone stay true to me and do my thing . I'd Say Fuck The World but I don't care that much . 
my bed is callin my name ... nap :) 
Life is about trusting our feelings and taking chances , losing and finding happiness , appreciating the memories and learning from the past . 
FUCK you crosby .... you've done nothing at all at the olympics except score that goal ... < PROPFIRST > Miller MVP =) 
That maybe happiness is something that we can only pursue and maybe we can actually never have it . No matter what . 
Now normally I play the nice guy . Tonight ima show the other side . 
I got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one 
The fact of the matter is , I'm not him and he's not me . 
and my grandmama ain't the only girl callin me baby 
He was always there to help her , she always belonged to someone else ... tap on my window knock on my door , i wanna make u feel beautiful . My heart is full and my door is always open . You can come anytime you want . 
they don't make em like me no more ... matter fact they never made em like me before 
Life is a gamble and i'm all about my poker chips =P 
beast mode on em , I never take a night off . bio lab till 3:30 then hw . out wit the boys later ... hit the cell . 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , I'm loving cloud nine , my head's in the sky . I'm solo , I'm riding solo 
gettin ready for round 2 of the st < PROPFEMALE>'s day activities with the boys text it . happy st < PROPFIRST>'s dayy 
i'll cool ya ass down if ya think you're hot shit 
it's never bad enough to just leave or give up , but it's never good enough to feel right 
I dont see nothing wrong with a little bump and grind ;) 
And I , ain't gonna rush into something To get left with nothing again That's what I said before Until I opened up that door Let you in , and left my heart wide open ... 
I was inviting her into my heart , but she was out ridin in some other man’s car The mistake I made is clear , we never should’ve been together , That’s the reason you’re not here , I know that I can do much better . 
Your not BOUT IT , You freeze up like Popsicles =P 
so glad it's almost friday so this hell week can be over !! 
CMON syracuse .... really ? 
shorty said she think im the mann ... welll naturally ;) 
readin for bio and hittin up the gym 
< PROPFEMALE > resulta extraño que tanta gente quiere ser tratado y cuando alguien viene y hace entonces que los a < PROPFEMALE > ja . 
really wish i could go to bed right now .... 
Sometime fate , < PROPFEMALE > or faith in a higher power puts you some place where you didn't know you needed to be until you are there to help someone in need . 
When people walk away from you , let them walk . Don't try to talk another person into staying with you , loving you , calling you , caring for you , coming to see you , or staying attached to you . When people walk away from you , let them walk . Your < PROPFEMALE > is never tied to anyone that left . 
they say ya attitude determines ya lattitude , im higher than a ma'fucka flyer than a ma'fucka , and still the ma'fucka you love to hate but can't , cause you love what i make =P 
I got a big , ( hahaha ) , Ego , She love my big , ( hahaha ) , Ego 
Most people never notice , that person standing in front of them ... the one that cares the most who'd give their everything and ask for nothing in return . 
makin some riggies ... then hangin out for the night . text it 
Let's Go Yankss ! 
makin some mixes then lab and hw all night 
Not what I should be ; Not what I could be .. Not who I want to be , but sure not who I used to be . 
Always go with the choice that scares you the most , because thats the one that is going to require the most from you . 
Though his heart bears the scars with no sign of healing , It's All right ... He's loving her still , after all this time . 
if history repeats itself , i'm totally getting a dinosaur ! 
Woohoo carnival = me not doin my work =P 
I said I'd never let you go , and I never did , I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it , If you didn't have this < PROPMALE > then I never did , You'll always find me right there , again 
the things we lose always have a way of coming back to us in the end ... even if its not always the way we expected it . 
One thing ’bout music , when it hits you feel no pain And I swear I got that shit that make these bitches go insane 
When we fall out I like to go driving in my car ... Doesn't everybody feel this way sometimes , its a lose lose situation 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEU8dlrYR5c 
now normally i place the nice guy , but tonight imma show the other side 
goin to the gym , out to dinner wit the boys , hit the cell . 
i been thinkin , reminiscing of better nights and better days ... hiding in the refuge of memories i've made 
I may not have the softest touch , I may not say the words as such , And though i may not look like much , i'm yours . And though my edge may be rough , I never feel i'm quite enough , And it may not seem like very much , but I'm yours . 
spendin some quality time with the bro ... watchin the yankee game . 
why the hell am i up this early on saturday ...? 
If you ask me to leave , and i walked away ... we'd still be alone ... and we'd still be afraid ... 
Happy Mother's Day Mom =) 
All I do is sit and wait . \ 
\ 
And I might as well just write the words right on my face\ 
That all I want is YOU 
When words FAIL , music SPEAKS . 
Who else am I gon ' < PROPFEMALE > on when times get rough ... Who's gonna talk to me on the phone till the sun comes up ... Who's gonna take your place , there ain't nobody better 
Cuz i don't wanna lose you , and i don't wanna hurt u anymore . 
How can you forget someone , who gave you so much to remember ? 
DEPRESSION is not a sign of weakness . It isasign\ 
that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this asyourstatus\ 
if you know someone who has or has had depression . Will you leaveit\ 
on your status for at least an hour ? Most people won't , but it'smental\ 
health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer at some point in our lives . \ 
Show your support :) I copied and pasted , will you ? 
When it was good We were happy in the pouring rain I wish it would , would be that good When we were sitting on top of the world 
SUCK IT Lebron ! haha 
so much on my mind right now ... wish i knew what to do .. =/ just need to stay strong and keep livin day by day i guess 
Our most\ 
basic instinct is not for survival but for family . Most of us would give our own life for the survival of a family member , yet we lead our daily life\ 
too often as if we take our family for granted . 
I fear going to bed at night because every time I wake up , things seem to get worse .. 
Let's go YANKS !! 
It's just when you want .. no when you need people to be\ 
there for you They're not .. they're like a million < PROPMALE > away .. 
Anyone\ 
can give up , it's the easiest thing in the world to do . But to hold it together\ 
when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , that's true strength . 
I don't think you wanna see the deeper , darker side of me . 
Got your hair in tangles wrapped around ur ankles , i'm gripping on ur handles , hittin all different angles like 1 cent 5 cent 10 cent dolla =P 
Every part of me is feeling this ... \ 
I can't escape my loneliness . \ 
But I've got to find the strength to say it's okay . \ 
I know this pain will go away . 
“Music\ 
is what feelings sound like . ” 
Too many times i've been wrong , i guess \ 
being right takes too long . 
Let's step it up yanks ! 
Try each day , to do something nice for another person , without thought for what they can do for you in return . \ 
ugh sinus headache and work 3-10 
Find someone worthy of your love , who will treat u with the same amount of respect and love you will give ... because not everyone deserves your love 
taking a drive to clear my mind :) 
outside enjoyin the amazing weather =) 
Am I more than you bargained for yet ? I've been dying to tell you anything you want to hear . Cuz that's just who I am this week . 
gettin some work done so i can relax the rest of the night =) 
Who better to share your dreams with than the \ 
person you dream about ? 
I'm not a < PROPMALE > . No not a hero , not a fool . I'm not perfect ; I'm flesh and bones , and I'm exactly what you need . 
let's go lakers . DO WORK ! 
Never miss an opportunity to make others happy , even if \ 
you have to leave them alone in order to do it . 
You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless . \ 
And know I pop bottles ' cuz I bottle my emotions . 
\I’m livin’ in the 21st century 
I said I'd never let you go , and I never did\ 
I said I'd never let you fall and I always meant it . 
wish i could fucking sleep ... 
if we're gunna make this work , you gotta let\ 
me inside even though it hurts , don't hide the broken parts that i need\ 
to see , like it or not its the way its gotta be , you gotta love \ 
yourself before you can ever love me 
i forgot how funny who's line is it anyways is Haha 
Lakers r killin it !! =) 
I seen nights full of pain , days of the same .. You keep the sunshine , save me the rain . 
bed . 
out . cells good . 
worked 9-4 .... then took someone else's shift from 7-11 .... sweet ! hit the cell 
Now i don't mean to stop an stare ... but u lookin kinda good right there 
A guardian angel flew down from above , \ 
There are so many things , for u to understand , \ 
about the powers of love , and what it can do , \ 
To sum1 who needs , to share it with u , \ 
A < PROPFIRST > on the back , a kind smile on ur face , \ 
Can make sum1's life , A much brighter place , \ 
It doesn't take much , to show someone u care , \ 
So please keep in mind , all the powers u possess , \ 
To grace sum1's life , when they're in distress . 
Music can change people it can make people angry , sad or even depressed . But me , it makes me think . It makes me feel . It makes me ... me . 
woke up in a really good mood for a change :) 
\if this ain't love then how do we get out ? \ 
work sucked . lakers-kobe suck .. bed . 
Sometimes i feel like a robot , sometimes I just know not what i'm doin i just blow , my head is a stove top I just explode , the kettle gets so hot 
The love i am sending ain't makin it through to ur heart ... 
We are not put on earth for ourselves , we are \ 
placed here for each other . If you are always there for others , then in \ 
time of need someone will be there for you . 
You can't change what you don't acknowledge . 
I think about u all the time . and u should know , please believe me i've picked up the phone a thousand times .. But it's been so long , it's never easy . It's like trying to spin the world the other way , What can I say ? 
happy father's day ! 
game at eight . cells good . 
Sometimes I \ 
just want to run up to a stranger on the street and say \YOU'RE IT !! \ " \ 
see the problem is you wish , he could make you feel the way i do ;) 
Never take a person for granted , cuz one day you might wake up one day and realize that you've lost a < PROPFEMALE > while you were too busy collecting stones . 
shotguns handguns louder than a band drum\ 
you fuckin with the drum < PROPMALE > let me play you the anthem 
Everytime I change the conversation to something deeper than the weather , i can feel you all but shutting down . And when i need an explanation for the silence , you just tell me you don't wanna talk about it now ... 
Sayin u sick quit playin u prick don't nobody care\ 
Then why the fuck am i yellin at air\ 
I ain't even talkin to noone cuz ain't nobody there 
i forgot how fun drive in movies are !! =) 
nap time ..? i think yes ! :) 
It sucks but it's exactly what i thought it would be\ 
Like tryin to start over\ 
I gotta hole in my heart , i'm some kind of emotional roller-coaster 
so\ 
I'm sitting at work minding my business and this kid said and I \ 
quote ... \most earth humans don't understand me . I consider myself an \ 
And i was lookin for something , but i came up with nothin .. 
“Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; remember that\ 
what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for . ” – \ 
Epicurus 
Sometimes a smile is just a way of telling people you care enough about them to show your smile even when you don't feel like smiling . 
Man there's so many times \ 
I don't know what I'm doin\ 
Like I don't know now .. 
I talk to absouletly no one , couldn't keep to myself enough .. And i'm postive that unless I got myself together , I would watch me fall apart . 
You keep treating me like a staircase , its time to fucking step\ 
And I wont be coming back , so dont hold your fucking breath 
Woman was taken from man ; not from his head to top him , nor from his feet to be trampled underfoot ; but out of his side to be equal to him , under his arm to be protected , and near his heart to be loved . 
hungover+work = bad combo :P 
And i know just why you could not\ 
Come along with me , \ 
But this was not your dream , \ 
But you always believe in me . 
holy shit . 
Cuz goodbyes are like a roulette wheel , you never know where they're gonna land ... i'm better as a memory than as ur man . 
I'd be lyin through my teeth if I told you , that I'm ok . :-/ 
Never miss an opportunity to make others happy , even if u have to leave them alone in order to do it . 
layin back wit the headphones on , a pen in hand takes me to the < PROPFEMALE > , paper warned to the thoughts of you again ... 
I spent half of my day thinking about you . I spent the other half thinking of how not to think about you .. 
can't believe lebron went to the heat ... 
work . packin . bball . out . sounds like a good day . 
drink it ? up till you're fallin down :P 
Catchin a big boat in the am !! =D so excited for my cruise .... 9 days of paradiseee ! 
had the most amazing time on my cruise ! =D back to real life .. hah 
y am i up this early ! ugh work 9- 3:30 . text . 
I guess it's hard for people who are so used to things the way they are -\ 
even if they're bad - to change . ' Cause they kind of give up . And when \ 
they do , everybody kind of loses . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing \ 
his/her family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to\ 
read this , military members all over the world are not only saving \ 
lives , but sacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military \ 
Appreciation Week . Repost this if you are in the military , love a \ 
military member , hold memories of a fallen hero , or appreciate our \ 
troops ! 
I try to call again , I get ur mailbox\ 
Like a letter left unread\ 
Apologies are often open ended\ 
But this one is better left unsaid . 
dead . but work 12:30 - 5:30 then a double header startin at 7 . ohh boy ! 
exhausted . really don't wanna work this weekend .. 
If you looked beneath the surface you would find all the answers . But , I doubt your even looking . 
Man are u blind , stupid or crazy ? You got a good thing . If that's ur lady you better hold on and give her what she want before she move on .. \ 
Man i tell u cars , clothes and fancy things don't mean a damn thing if u ain't kickin it baby :) 
there's nothing scarier then getting what you want because then you have something to lose . 
Don't waste your whole life trying to get back what was taken away . 
my life is like a playlist . the highs and lows < PROPFEMALE > the rhythm of my heartbeat . i move to the music and the music moves me 
I ain't trippin on nothin , i'm sippin on somethin , and my homeboy say he got a bad bitch for me and i'm single ... yea i'm single :) 
workk ... gotta make that money 
work ... then packin up to the jersey shore !! 
Girl , i don't mean to stop and stare .... but u lookin kinda good right there :P 
exhaustedd but had such a good timee !! saw the whole Jersey Shore cast walk by us ... awesome ! 
fuck this shit . 
she say im too wild , she say she wanna tame me ... i told her even photoshop couldn't change me ! =P 
“It\ 
isn't what you have , or who you are , or where you are , or what you are \ 
doing that makes you happy or unhappy . It is what you think about . ” Finally i'm having a really good day :) 
Never\ 
take the lives of those around you for granted . Let those you love \ 
know that you do , say thank you too much and don't ever be sorry for \ 
being too emotionally involved . You never know when someone may be \ 
taken away from you for good , and the last words out of your mouth may \ 
be something you regret . ? 
Expecting life to treat you well because you are a \ 
good person is like expecting an angry bull not to charge because you \ 
are a vegetarian . 
I lock myself in the bedroom , bathroom , nappin ' at noon , \ 
Yeah dad's in a bad mood , he's always snappin ' at you . It become a problem you're too pussy to tackle , get up , \ 
Be a man , stand , a real man woulda had this shit handled . 
Yeah , my life a bitch , but you know nuthin ' bout her\ 
Been to hell and back , I can show you vouchers .. \ 
So u can keep knockin ' but won't knock me down 
i love my job ... work at 10:30 . 
Inspire me . Motivate me . Pull me outta this hole i seem to have dug for myself ... It's not about how many tears i cry that measure my pain , but the amount i hold back .. 
deadd ... nap . dinner . softball at 8 . :) 
I know that I can't make you stay\ 
But I would give my final breath\ 
To make you understand how beautiful you are\ 
Understand how beautiful you are .. 
\Say\ 
a good day can turn bad in an instant ... awesomee . 
That pain you feel : that's life . The confusion and fear : that's there to remind you that somewhere out there is something better and that is worth fighting for . 
i'm so done with stupid shit .. 
And maybe someday we'll figure all this out ... try to put an end to all our doubt , try to find a way make things better now ... =/ 
Don't put your trust in walls , cause walls will only crush you when they fall 
work 3-9 
my heart's always full and my door's always open , you come any time you want . 
When your life is a battlefield , you build walls around you and your heart . 
pool with the boys . text it 
ever wake up in the morning and ask your self Hows your day going to be . How many times do you say fantastic ? 
Tonight\ 
I could careless about where the party at . Alotta < PROPFIRST > in my phone , \ 
but you the one I'ma holla at . 
Fireproof doesn't mean a fire will never come , but that when it comes \ 
you'll be able to withstand it . 
such a shitty day ! =( 
happy birthday mom i love you ! <3 
last day of work for the summmer !!! woo ! 
You know i can't afford to buy her pearls , but maybe one day when my ship comes in , she'll understand what kinda guy i've been ... and then i'll win 
beat .... packing all day tomorrow ... fun . 
\I\ 
Fuck homework . 
i need a girl ... someone who wants to find out all that i have to give . Who can bring me , what is missin an when i talk she wanna listen ... i'm a good man who ain't got alot to ask , just lookin for somethin to build on . 
out to dinner . then back here to do hw for a bit then outttt 
crazy ass night ... 
class 9:30 - 3:30 with no breaks ... greatt let's go ! 
I was made to believe I'd never love somebody else , Made a plan , stay the man who can only love himself ... Lonely was the song i sang til u came , and showing me another way ... And all that my love can bring . 
and im aiming for the heart but you gotta play smart to make the girls go crazy 
there's so many times i don't know what i'm doing ... like i don't know now ... 
ughhhh so much to do ... fmylife . 
class 9:30 - 3:30 then homework then river cruise at 5:30 :) i def need a break from all this work ! 
Fuck .. not leaving my room this weekend .. 
I\ 
guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons . And maybe we'll never \ 
know most of them . But even if we don't have the power to choose where \ 
we come from , we can still choose where we go from there . 
mad tired but fucking o chem is a bitch ... this test tomorrow should be a blast ! 
when you smile , the whole world stops and stares for awhile cause girl you're amazing just the way you are 
last night was crazyyyyyy 
is it may yet ?? 
homework , homework , and more homework = the story of my life ... 
ugh physics ... 
Fate controls who walks into your life , but you decide who you let walk\ 
out , who you let stay and who you refuse to let go . 
it's the freakin weekend baby and i'm about to have me some funnn ! ;) 
ugh i hate o chem ... 
Time is tricky . You have whole months , even years , when\ 
nothing changes a speck , when you don’t go anywhere or do anything or think one\ 
new thought . And then you can get hit with a day or an hour , or half a second , \ 
when so much happens it’s almost like you are born all over again into some\ 
brand-new person you for damn sure never expected to meet . 
i feel like everybody i know and everybody around me is in love ... why am i the only one who seems to be left out ? 
wanna sleep but i can't fall asleep .... 
ugh shitty weather go away !! i want summer back pronto ! 
ugh feel like total shit ... and it's still raining ... and i have a test in genetics ... oh boy !! 
We all take different\ 
paths in life , but no matter where we go , we take a little of each other\ 
everywhere . 
feel like total shit but < PROPFEMALE > much work to do .... ugh 
first day of basketball tomorrow !! :) 
Sometimes you have to fall from the mountain to realize what your climbing for . Obstacles are placed in your way to see if it's really worth fighting for . From every wound , there's a scar , and every scar tells a story . A story says , \i was deeply wounded but i survive . \"" 
FOOTBALL !! LET'S GO ? GIANTS 
you'll never leave where you are , until you decide where you'd rather be . 
ughh . 
exhausted . studying then bed up at the ass crack of < PROPFEMALE > for treatment at 5:30 practice at 6:30 then classes 9- 12:30 . ughh 
girl it's obvious your body wanna do somethin ' to me , and it's this obvious i'm tryna get you over here to me . Girl i won't play wit ya head , i wanna get up in heart . 
wowww last night was so crazy in < PROPFEMALE > many ways !! love my boys for makin it a great night ! 
My life has holes , My head hangs low , My emotions are dark , and that smile is getting harder to fake . Somethings gotta give .. 
And\ 
if I could swim , I'd swim out to you in the ocean , Swim out to where you\ 
were floating in the dark . And if I was blessed , I'd walk on the water \ 
you're breathing , To lend you some air for that heaving sunken chest . 
I define myself by the forgiveness and the faith i have found to begin again . I define myself by how much i have loved , and been willing to love again . I define myself by how many times i have struggled to my feet . I am not my pain . I am not my past . I am that which has emerged from the fire . 
today is gonna be one longgg ass day ! :( 
is this fucking week over yet ?? 
ugh test in physics and in o chem tomorrow .... fuck my life .... UGH ! 
3 to 3 let's get it baby ! 
Stressin and obsessin ain’t\ 
my style , all I want is someone to make me smile 
Sometimes people aren't who they seem to be & sometimes people are so much more than you originally thought . 
The bigger the heart the bigger the hurt , the more the\ 
passion the more the pain , the deeper the love the deeper the loss . 
exhausted . 
And if you could just wake up tonight , id be with you under the sky tonight , with you tonight . =) 
long day tomorrow ugh class nine to three thirty then practice till six . homework . then buffalo in the a.m. for a weekend tourney . 
Not everything goes the way you planned , but sometimes it's better that way . 
class 9:30 - 12:20 then going home for break !!! :) 
When you have insomnia , you're never really asleep , and you're never really awake ... 
can't wait to stuff my face with turkey tomorrow :) 
“I wish you enough sun to keep your attitude bright . I wish you enough \ 
rain to appreciate the sun more . I wish you enough happiness to keep \ 
your spirit alive . I wish you enough pain so that the smallest joys in \ 
life appear much bigger . I wish you enough gain to satisfy your wanting . \ 
I wish you enough loss to appreciate all that you possess . I wish \ 
enough “Hello’s” to get you through the final “Good-bye . ” 
I heard it’s nothing new except for someone new\ 
but how you supposed to find the one when anyone will come with you . 
basketball just kicked my ass ... 
all i feel is the realness i'm faking 
playin the guitar and stuff , tryin to clear my head . 
Class then Away Game at Purchase ... Let's Goooo 
longest day ever .... running on like 6 hours of sleep . class 2-4 then practice and back here to do my genetics lab report ... ugh 
so fucking dead ... this o chem test < PROPMALE > is gonna kick my ass .... studyin all night . 
If your brave enough to say \good-bye\ " life will reward you with a new \ " hello\ " =) " 
ugh .. bed hopefully tomorrow will be a better day , hoping i don't have a concussion so i can practice ! 
Stop tryin to be me\ 
Stop tryin to be he\ 
Stop tryin to do what you see\ 
Do You . 
99 . hmm wherre to start ... i may not have known u for very long but ur an amazing person who has a huge heart and is very caring for all the people in ur life . I'm always here for you if u need anythin day or night , mad , sad angry happy whatever ... you always know how to brighten my day no matter how shitty a mood i'm in and i thank you for listening even when i'm ranting about absolutely nothing :) 
13 .. man we been through so much together ... mostly good some bad but all in all i got love for you . always will . we've got some great memories together and i'm sure more will come as time goes on . Hope you find the happiness i know you deserve :) come visit soon ... i miss ya bum :P 
Send me a number [ 1-100 ] to my inbox . That number will represent you , & Iwill tell you exactly how I feel about you on my status using that number 
137721 .. long ass number choice haha well we've talked bout tons of stuff together ... really whatever came to our minds at the moment ... wish u had a damn phone so i could talk to ya more or you had the same time zone :P your a genuine person and rly great to talk to . i'm always here for ya and u know it . 
yea way to get it cuse ! 
woo lab report finished ... can't believe i don't have to do any work for a while ... relaxin for a change . =) 
one day , there will be a girl for me , who wants nothing more than to be with me but until then ill put all my love into music . 
NO MORE CLASS for the semester woooo ! just 4 finals and i'm done !! 
i've had tooooo much to drink .................... text it .......................... pl , eseeeeee//// 
4 finals ..... let's get it done ... can't wait to be home for the holidays !! =) 
they say good things come to those who wait\ 
so I’m gon be at least an hour late\ 
I’m so fresh I should be arrested 
ugh i give up on o-chem .... if i don't know it now ... i'm screwed hahah 
o chem final at 10:30 . then studyin for my chemical analysis final at 3:30 .... 
Be kinder than necessary , for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle . 
B+ on my physics final hellll yes !! 
baby , don't talk to me . i'm trying to let go . not loving you is harder than you know ... =/ 
ugh having a horrible day :( 
how many times can i break till i shatter ? 
You damn near were my everything your still on my mind , \ 
But i'd rather be here all alone and i'm doin just fine . \ 
Gotta take it back to the days before we met , \ 
And live our lives as strangers again .... 
Maybe it's time to change\ 
And leave it all behind\ 
I've never been one to walk alone\ 
I've always been scared to try .. 
=( 
It takes strength to feel a friend's pain . \ 
It takes courage to feel your own pain . 
xmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner with baczi and the fam :) 
Cause when it's summer time I can take you where it snow\ 
And when it's winter time I can take you where it shine . =P 
chillaxin and listening to music :) 
damn knicks .... ur killin me !! 
as a all < PROPFEMALE > i made so many highlightss it aint nothing babyy just my lifee\ 
shootaround 10-11 . team lunch . game vs NYU Poly @6 . Let's get ittt ! 
team lunch at 1 ... home game vs . UNION . 
Comfiest sweatpants ever !!! =D 
we do not remember days , we remember moments . :) 
film 11:30 . shootaround 12-1 . team lunch after . game vs . mount saint < PROPFIRST > 7 . Let's Go Gators . 
I like to see her smile\ 
even when I look in her eyes\ 
I get butterflies :) 
We make our world significant by the courage of our questions and by the depth of our answers . 
Life is too short to be anything but happy ... 
Giving is better than receiving . The feeling that you get when you make someone else smile is so much better than the feeling of getting something which makes you smile . 
If the bottom drops out from under our feet\ 
I'll catch you , I'll catch you\ 
When people say things that bring you to your knees , \ 
I'll catch you\ 
The time is gonna come when you're so mad you could cry\ 
... But I'll hold you through the night until you smile ? 
Saying sorry doesn’t mean there isn’t guilt and forgiving doesn’t mean the pain is gone . 
so me and brunner were just discussing the recent arrival of students back to campus .... we both dislike this because we have been chillin like villians in the dorms for basketball for the last 2 weeks ... so I decided that everybody can't come back and now needs to live in their cars because i like the peace and quiet :) thank you that is all ! 
class starts tomorrow ... here we go . 
< PROPFEMALE > is closed !!! =D 
read a 55 < PROPFEMALE > chapter by thursday ... for ochem ... yea i better get on that asap .... ugh . 
A bond is not formed by the amount of time two people spend together , but rather by the experiences that are shared together . :) 
a friend is someone who reaches for your hand and touches your heart . 
is it spring break yet .... 
“They say that doors open up as soon as you find the missing key . It’s probably why I’m in this bitch shining . Jump up in the sky and put the stars into alignment” 
where our stories of ever afters can be lived happily\ 
and the taste of sweetness of life wit no cavities\ 
no , fairytale pinch me to make sure its reality\ 
so wipe ur tears away and bring your walls down\ 
if words don't explain , listen how my heartbeat sound <3 
holy shit sooooo cold .... 
It's gameday baby . 
busy busy day today ugh ... class 9- 3:30 . then practice 4-6 . then hoping on the bus to long island for the game tomorrow ... 
I listen to her heart beat because it plays my favorite song ayyeeeeeee ? :) 
In life there are going to be some things that make it hard to smile . Through all the rain and pain you got to keep your sense of humor and smile for me :) 
You can't stay in your corner of the < PROPMALE > waiting for others to come to you . You have to go to them sometimes . - < PROPFEMALE > the Pooh haha 
“I’m on my “A” game , never on that “B” shit , You on that B-shit : never gonna be shit , That’s how I “C” shit , cause I am “D” shit” 
Whatever . 
some people need to leave me the fuck alone ... 
I wish you'd open up cause\ 
I wanna take the walls down with u .. 
easy day today ! :) cuz god sure knows i need one . 
I like penis in my butt in my butt 
guess i shouldn't leave my facebook open in my room .... now time to work on my paper .. 
Don't fear pressure , for pressure is what turns rough stones into diamonds :) 
i don't kno what the deal is with this live i'm living ... its needs to slow down and be less confusing :/ ugh\ 
practice 4-6 .. text it 
Maybe I'm a dreamer\ 
Maybe I'm misunderstood\ 
Maybe you're not seeing the side of me you should ... \ 
Maybe I'm just out of touch\ 
Maybe I've just had enough . 
Love puts the fun in together , the sad in apart , and the joy in a heart . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day <3 i love you < PROPFEMALE > Commons <3 
there's nothing left to fear\ 
So we made our way by finding what was real .. \ 
Now the days are so long that summer's moving on\ 
We reach for something that's already gone ... \ 
Nothing to lose but everything to gain\ 
Reflecting now on how things could've been\ 
It was worth it in the end 
day off from practice hell to the yea ! but have tons of hw to keep me occupied :( 
fuck waking up at 6:45 on a saturday morning .... 
You’ve got your hand right on a landmine ready to blow .... 
Be kind , for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle . 
I'm just so fucking depressed\ 
I just can't seem to get out this slump , \ 
If I could just get over this hump , \ 
But I need something to get me out this dump . \ 
I took my bruises , took my lumps , \ 
Fell down and got right back up\ 
But I need that spark to get psyched back up ... 
i love how people never text me back .... 
I don't wanna run away , just wanna make your day\ 
when you feel the world is on your shoulders\ 
i don't wanna make it worse , i just wanna make us work\ 
baby tell me and ill do whatever 
i hate when you wake up in the same mood you were in the night before ... :( 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > for wasting an hour of my life trying to teach me how to register for classes ... i'm a < PROPMALE > i'm pretty sure i got this down by now ... but just because i'm an athlete it must mean i'm dumb ! god i love this school ... 
:/ wish it was easy ... 
He doesn't catch you like I do\ 
And you don't know why\ 
And I can't stop dreaming\ 
Watching you and him\ 
When it should have been\ 
It should have been me ... 
I got the World in my hands , the master plan but I don't know why I keep calling \ 
why all of these girls at my shows they loving me but I don't know why I keep calling why I keep calling you ? 
love when ur listening to the radio and certain songs come up and just completely describe ur life situation to a T ... 
giving up . screw love . i wish i didnt feel all this hurt but whatever .. cest la vie 
Well you made your bed and I made mine . 
And who do you think you are\ 
Running ' round leaving scars\ 
Collecting your jar of hearts\ 
And tearing love apart ... 
I keep it cool and imma do me . it is what it is and that's how it's gonna be . 
I'm so fed up with my thoughts of you\ 
and your memory\ 
and how every song reminds me \ 
of what used to be .. 
Lebron yet again misses the last shot at home .... while Kobe and the Lakers beat the Spurs ... all is well :) hopefully the Knicks and melo do some work 
You'll never know\ 
What you've done for me ... \ 
Helped me to free the me inside\ 
Help me hear the music of my heart\ 
You got through when no one could reach me , \ 
Cause you always saw in me\ 
All the best that I could be :) 
There is so much to be said\ 
But with a broken heart your walls can only down but so low ... 
Sometimes we don't learn \ 
from our mistakes\ 
Sometimes we've got no choice\ 
but to walk away ... \ 
Tried to break my heart\ 
Well It's broke ... :/ 
i need to focus and do this physics hw .... um ... now . 
Every now and then I get a little lost\ 
My strings all get tangled , my wires all get crossed\ 
Every now and then I'm right up on the edge\ 
Dangling my toes out over the ledge\ 
I just thank God you're here 
The radio is killing me singing all my memories . 
You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless . \ 
And know I pop bottles ' cuz I bottle my emotions . \ 
At least I put it all in the open ... 
i want to go back to NYC ! instead ... im writing a paper about marriage .. sweet . 
woke up exhausted .... class 9-5 ... then bball meeting at 5:30 .. 
Most everything you do make me wanna smile\ 
Can I not like it for a while ? 
As of late words just escape me ... 
I move on like a sinners prayer\ 
I let ' em go like a levee breaks\ 
walk away as if I don't care 
let's go SU !! 
fuck snow . it's springtime ..... 
I feel like i'm losing control of myself , I sincerely , \ 
I apologize if all it sound like , is I'm complaining , \ 
But life keeps complicating 
You stand out , I can hear you whistle in a choir and that's the only reason you the Mrs. I admire Damnnnnn 
The bliss between giving my all and giving up\ 
The highs and lows , \ 
Paths and roads I chose .. 
i rarely sip , but pour me some . \ 
Cuz when all is said and done , i ain't gon be the one she can always run to ... \ 
i HATE liars , fuck love i'm tired of trying ... my heart big but it beat quiet .. 
If u love me , ( comment on my status )\ 
If u think I'm a good friend , ( like this status)\ 
If u hate me , ( inbox me and tell me y)\ 
If u ever had a crush on me , be honest ( poke me)\ 
If u not scared , ( make this your status ) 
i act like shit dont phase me , inside it drives me crazy . my insecurities could eat me alive ... 
bloggin ... this new thing i'm tryin out . check it out let me know what u think :P http://jefferybianchi.blog.com/ 
Cause as long as i'm breathing , you can believe it\ 
Throw down on everything I love . 
The best things in life aren't things . 
If i knew what i was doing .... i'd be doing it right now . I would be the best damn poet , silver words out my mouth . 
Its amazing how you make me look forward to tomorrow , while everyone else makes me afraid of what is to come ... 
fuck organic chemistry post labs and the wicked hard questions that come along with them .... ugh . 
I'm still fly , I'm sky high , and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings . 
Sometimes i just wanna cuddle . All day long . 
is now in a relationship with an ice cold beer . 
cuz i ain't < PROPFEMALE > had nobody do me like you .... 
Heart vs . Mind . The greatest conflict , but so beautiful when they agree . 
Like baby steps , we can share beginnings . Walk before you run , but she so independent . And I could see us fly , the sky is the limit . We so real ... 
It is our choices who show who we truly are , far more than our abilities . 
even when i was flat broke , u made me feel like a million bucks 
What about now ? what about today ? \ 
What if you're makin ' me all that i was meant to be ? \ 
What if our love never went away ? \ 
What if it's lost behind words we could never find ? \ 
Baby , before it's too late , what about now ... 
i wish my micro project would become asexual and do itself ! 
ill be ur glass of wine , if ull be my shot of whiskey ;) 
