Cant believe how much ignorance still astounds me . 

More new pictures of the wedding woo 
Getting A 2000 Explorer tonight hopfuly 
Yay new Truck 
< PROPFIRST > is gone I wish I had more to do ! 
So sad ! 
< PROPFIRST > called ... from bootcamp ...... 
What to do .... What to doo .....???? 
so burnt so sick blahhh i still wanna be at the beach 
Is pissed out ..... I fucking hate cars at this point 
I wish I had money I want to dye my hair so bad . 
My hairs Pink and green and blonde wooo funky ! 
Cold and wet ! 
Sick as Hell Back to reading public speaking book ! What I will never be ? How do I write a speech on that ! 
Day two of being sick honestly hate this . Not happy going to sleep again ! 
Day three of sickness I Need to go out and sit out side this house .... 
Out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > woo napping in the car ! 
My mind hurts ! I need to stop thinking about moving in a few months , Some things I just cant handle atm ! 
Talking to < PROPFIRST > GoodNight ! 
Tomorrow is my birthday .... Dennys in the AM with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > then who knows what thing could happen ! 
Its my Birthday ! I am 19 ! 
Going on a all day ADVENTURE !!!!!!! with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! Things that need to get done .... 
Well I didn't find my pumpkin today .... sigh .... and I lost my debit card and had to cancel it ...... Tomorrow I get to go get a new one at TD then maybe find that pumpkin .... It still counts if its a day late right ? 
Oh and btw thank you to all who said happy birthday !!! and the rest of you I have nothing to say to your lazy butts hummfff ! 
Sitting with the kitties ..... I never wanna spay my animals again ..... Kiwi cant even get on the bed and < PROPFIRST > is cranky 
15 More Days ! 
TRUCK GETTING WORKED ON FINALY 
8 more days till < PROPFIRST > comes home ! 
Tired bed I smell like a car ! 
Saturday < PROPFIRST > is home ! 
Just finished putting together a baby shower gift for Sunday ..... kinda made me sad , ugh In 2 weeks I guess were leaving ... But on the up side < PROPFIRST > comes home Saturday !!! 
Finishing getting ready then relaxing then off to pick up < PROPFIRST > .... 
Blah 
Thinking about the move when < PROPFIRST > plays a game ..... errr 
Move to TN Tuesday ..... 
Is in HELL !!!!! 
Day 2 in TN 
Bored 
Cooking Dinner , then feeding < PROPFIRST > and showery ness and what ever else comes up .... Nothing to do in TN other than house stuff ..... AND THE FLOOR IS STILL DIRTY DAMN THAT MAID !!!!!!! 
< PROPFIRST > sucks ! 1 . Tells me he wants to bring his friend home for dinner and a hair cut a hour after I TOLD HIM I WAS MAKING A POTATO THAT WAS GONNA TAKE ME ALMOST 2 HOURS TO MAKE . There for I had to quickly microwave and half ass a third potato . 2 . Now tells me he wont be home for almost another hour or so ..... The food all done and now gonna get cold ... * sigh * Wtf I am never cooking for a time he comes home again ! 
Just made pizza yummy ! 
Siting with < PROPFIRST > on watching him play < PROPFEMALE > , gonna make a pie for tomorrow and finish cleaning . Yay first Christmas Dinner in our new apartment . 
No < PROPFEMALE > Christmas Damn it ! ******* < PROPFEMALE > Ham Day !!!!!!! ********* 
TIPSY 
I am up contemplating on cleaning again ugh to much stuff to clean ... I never wanna move again I rather stay in hell than move ..... However My kitchen looks Damn nice with all its new shit in it and so don't the rest of my place woohooo .... 
So I made dinner am alone till 9:30 AM when < PROPFIRST > gets off work and I don't feel like doing much !!!! I miss everyone from home ... 
Tired watching Repo and now 9 blahhhh its cold in here and I am sick oh < PROPFIRST>'s still at work while I nap on the sofa 
So < PROPFIRST > is out bowling with the boys pffft yet another night stuck in the house or well for a while supposed to got to stake n ' shake but will see when he comes back ... he probably will be to tired although he will be hunger so we never know . My neck hurts slept wrong and I spilled water on my pant now I am cold and going back to watch REPO ! 
Sooooooo Bored watching finding Nemo 
BORED BORED BORED .... Sad to say I wish I was in school ... 
Why is it when you do nothing you want to do something like school ... But when you are in school all you want is that lazy days that just passed ... Well I guess anything might be better than sitting cleaning all day and cooking lame .... < PROPFIRST>'s at work then we are do the wonderful laundry on base as always then who knows .... wish it was next weekend already .... Payday please come faster ! I hate having no money ! 
I am bored I don't wanna clean just yet and its cold and was flurrying earlier blahh 
I am cleaning yet again ... I wish I had more than 2 real friends sadness ! Ok back to the dirty dishes and bathroom ! 
Can nothing in life go right for more than like 30min .... Well one thing will go right if it kills me ... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > will be coming down here no mater what !!!! Dun Dun Dunnn ....... 
< PROPFIRST > is finally getting me a puppy !!!! If things work out it just might be my V-Day gift . He already has a name for it if we get the one we have been interested in ..... can you say Sr. Weenie Stetson .... I married a goober .... 
I want PANCAKES !!!!! 
Yay !!!! For getting rid of Junk I don't use !!!! More money for me ... 
Blah sitting in the Quite waiting for people to get up ... < PROPMALE > stayed over since he was sick .... Dana and him have no work I wonder what I will get to do ... ( watch them play games all day ) Oh and I made lots of cookies for no reason sigh what a waist ! 
Blah ! 
I so feel like curling in bed with my laptop but have no motivation to move lame week ! 
My Bologna has a first name , It's O-S-C-A-R . My bologna has a second name , It's M-A-Y-E-R . Oh I love to eat it everyday , And if you ask me why say , Cause ' < PROPFIRST > Mayer has a way with B-O-L-O-G-N-A !!!! But F ' the Bologna I'm Eat'n ' Gold Fish ! 
Is it Saturday yet ? 
We have him ! 
Stetson ... Enough said . 
Its cold out .... I wish I could tell if he was peeing ... Damn your stubby little legs ! 
He finaly went to the bath room out side !!!!!.... Then pee on his piddle mate 10 < PROPFEMALE > later in the house ..... Hes so full of it .... 
< PROPFIRST > is working I am bored and the puppy is sleeping on the desk BLAH 
So bored .... today is like one of them days .... were I must say ... I miss you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
2 more hours .... Taking Stetson for a walk .... 
up going to make pan cakes and be grummpy away from the piss ant < PROPFIRST > 
Getting dressed then talking Stetson out . 
Blah thats all need be said ! 
Ahhh to house training puppys ! 
To the sofa ! 
< PROPFIRST > needs to come home I want dinner !!!! 
Shitty night . Reminding people agian and agina is getting fucking old . Blah going to bed . 
Stetson is finaly getting it ... FINALY ! 
Finishing cleaning all thats left is Dishses then dinner for 7:40 ish Pasta much ! 
Goodnight 
Lunch ... Giving Stetson a bath .. then who knows ... 
So feel like crap ... cleaning the rug and dishes .... don't forget a side of potty training ! 
Totally bored ... Blah ! 
Super bored to make cookies or no that is the question ? 
I must say .................... Hi ! 
No one ever asks me about anything .... ugh all you ever think about is you you you ! I hate it !!!!! 
So I have been up for a hour with the puppy and not sure what I want to do . The sofa is looking like the place I will be spending some time curled up with him some cookies and a movie ... 
Payed all the bills . 
Yay the second puppy is now ours . Payment has gotten there finally and Diesel will be ours after April 14th . 
The world needs to be back handed then bitch slaped with a pimp hand ! 
Back to sleep with Stetson ..... 
Yay for internet finally ... but on a more serious note I have nothing to do but clean and I dont wanna do that !!!! Yet .... save me ! 
So good to know that life here while < PROPFIRST > deploys is gona suck balls ! Nothing just dumb ass shit with piss ant bitches what a waist hope I go back to school 
Puppy number two only a few days away from comming home and being torcherd by puppy number one lol 
Back to sleep for a little bit them cleaning the stupid house 
Leaveing soon to pick up the puppy yay ! 
So its almost 3am and I can't sleep our new puppys on a pillow next to me and Stetson is runing around like a nut . < PROPFIRST > is trying to sleep what a night ugh ! 
I am still up with the puppys wow he's a cry baby and stetson just wants to play but he's so damn small ! Pic later 
New pictures of the puppy and what not there to cute 
Up with nothing to do . Everything else is still alseep ... 
Good morning but I am so going back to sleep evil puppys are crazy and jump all over me 
Cleaning the bed room the puppy bath time then on to the dishes and livng room what fun ... 
Going to I-hop woo 
I bet my weekend was worse than yours ! Yay for being robbed ...... ='( 
Sad I have no identity now so very sad ='( 
That slut best pray I never see her car or her fucking face again there will be hell to pay ! 
Just hunted down paper work to try and get all my IDs back ugh I so hate that bitch for stealin my purse ! Oh and my Wii and Laptop .... 
Life ... Enough Said ... 
Pickles 
I so hate applying to college and doing that whole deal over and over gawd damn it is a pain in my \balls\ " Well I am in I made a Email Account and and one step closer to actully attening only 1000billion more steps to go " 
I just wrote a love note to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
First night with < PROPFIRST > back 
So not shocked at how stupid people can be ... Really wow .... 
Chicken and tots 
Stupid Piss Ant ... ×_× 
Sick sooo sick ugh I hate being sick ....... 
To Massachusetts In A Few Days ! Only A 19H . 56MIN . Drive With 2 Dogs . 5Tolls And Who Knows What Other Secrets May Be In There ..... Oh What Fun Is This Going To Be ..... 
Finishing packing then cleaning up the house 
Just about packed .... shower nap midnight sign out then on the road for a 20+ hour road trip . 
Up in < PROPFE < PROPFEMALE > LE > only a few more hours of driving till < PROPFEMALE > 
Now in NJ 62miles to NYC 
NYC sucks at this rate ill be home on Monday 
In CT what fun 
Finaly in < PROPFEMALE > now only an hour more to go home ! 
Laying on the sofa I love home .... I wish I never had to go back to TN 
Bored bored bored ... and kinda itchy ... I wish I had the car keys I go home for awhile insted of sitting alone outside ..... 
At the movies yay ! 
So we are going to be home in TN by 1pm tommrow hopefully 
Good bye < PROPFEMALE > Hello CT 
Welcome to NY 
We just touched NJ and now are in < PROPFEMALE > now < PROPFEMALE > to WV to KY to TN 
Fireworks are EVERYWHARE !!! 
Have you ever seen a whole city of fireworks ? I have 
In MD with cranky Pants wow only 2 more states and forever to go ugh 
Some place in WV 
Ok so now we are in KY 
So It looks like 3ish for being home then paying rent and getting mail 
home :-( 
Yay bed time .... finaly my own bed not a deflating air bed that I have to blow up every 3 hours blahhh .... hope for a better day tommrow . 
Blahhh ..... 
Bed with Diesel . 
Ok I am so going to shower I am so anoyyed 
Ok so night I am so done with this day 
Danas asleep puppies are now both in bed ... finaly and now I can go to sleep maybe . Shoping tommrow yay food ? 
Danas a butt head who can't find anything 
Blahhh 
Merrr shower merr 
Not tierd but going to sleep anyways merr sadface 
Stupid People . 
Watching a movie on the sofa 
Danas taking a dump .... 
Bored ..... Ugh What to do what to do ? 
Blahh Money Blahh House Blahh Laundry Blahh Blahh Blahh ......... OH And whoever is doing all this baning I like them to stop my god Stetson is going wild ! 
I want a Waffle Maker .... 
Grape Kool-Aid 
Hungry and Grumpy .... The cat is snoring so bad I think I keep hearing a steam vent behind my head ! 
Night 
I wish someone would wash my dishes take my trash out and clean my living room and don't forget to find Danas stuff that's lost in the trash hole we live in .... * sigh * -_- * sigh * 
FOOD ? 
I need to take a shower ... 
=( 
Making Dinner now . 
Goodnight I think . 
Just spent 1,313 . 95$ at best buy on a new laptop , ps3 , ps3 games + controler , and an external hard drive Yay ! 
Yay from best buy to the mall . New underware finaly this time the dogs won't get to them ! Lunch then to clothing and sales for some < PROPFIRST > items 
So done shoping now .... we have 99% of the things we need before hes gone yay . 
Yay !!! thats all ... 
I so Just made a deal for a Microwave in only 30min . Yep tommrow I pick up a new microwave thats not a deamon and wont stop beeping like a mad man !!!!! 
So today I have seen 3 tattos and my own get done .... wow to much ink 
Afternoon 
ANGERY ! 
Just did 30$ worth of laundry ugh 
One Year .... =( 
UGH SLEEP TIME NOW ! 
So today is Day two . I have to clean I cant even walk around with out there being shit in my way ugh disaster !!!! 
Everyone loves a shaved < PROPFEMALE > 
So Facebook People over the next year you are one of my main sources of entertainment and I need you to start doing it NOW ! Thank you in advance . 
Good morning world its time to eat the pig . 
Took the dogs for a walk ... what a weenie Stetson is he wouldn't stop pulling because he didn't wanna be on the pavement it but Diesel walked just fine my good little boys . 
its 3am and I am making potatoes .... wow issues much ... 
My head hurts 
Just wow 
So the new people who are moving in next door are already annoying and knocked my plant over and hit my door with something ! What the hell . 
=( blah 
Can you say bored .... 
So sad ... =( 
I am going to bed in a few merr . 
Needs to be motivated to clean ASAP 
I have no clue what I am doing ... I guess shower clean ... repeat ... 
Cin . Buns 
WHAT THE HELL !!!! 
I cant sleep and I have to be up at 7 lame 
Going to get dinner then I dont know what ... 
Still up and bored .... 
cooking food 
Still not asleep watched movies with < PROPFEMALE > and then heard the black people fight ..... wow dramatic .... its after 3am and there having a full blow scream fest out side ..... 
i just woke up really 
Headache .... 
I just went on an adding Family rampage . 
oh of course I am still up .... 
Thinking about going back home .... but the 20hours of driving does not seem so appealing to me why ? 
Why does cleaning have to be so evil .... 
Why is it 4am and I have so much energy ???? 
Going to bed ..... Thats right I am now just going to bed I am crazy I know it ..... 
The pants < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
BORED !!! 
SO my phone is now 95% broken yay me oh I can barley text and make phone calls and I am only do that because I am so super special .... yay me wooo 
Did i mention I haven't gone to sleep I am just functioning away still . Prob gonna pass out soon . 
So text me this Damn phone has no < PROPFIRST > 978 914 1023 and dont be dumb tell me who you are ! 
Dance 
Paying Bills at 4am wow I am super lame 
I have everything I need .... and all my bills are payed .... this is a first ..... 
Yay for setting allowances with < PROPFEMALE > I wish it never had to come to this ..... 
I love Disney movies ...... 
Bahh ..... Not tired enough to sleep ..... but I have nothing to do what the hell ..... 
Can you paint with all the colors of the wind ?.... Well can you !?!...... I can .. hehe .... 
I guess I will pick up some more but were to start this time .... motivation please come . 
I can't believe its not butter ... well really I can ... 
Bored ...... 
Going to watch some stupid movie call/text 
Thats right I am going to bed right now . I stayed up all night I am crazy .... I blame < PROPFIRST > .... 
I have Just woken up what is wrong with this picture ... < PROPFIRST > I still blame you . 
Just cleaning my really really small apartment and how in the hell do you get 15 bags of trash out of it ... I knew it was a mess but really OMG were did it all come from . Well its all backed up and now to some how get it to the dumpster and then a folding marathon and then doing more laundry tonight of and don't for get the rest of the dishes and moving your furniture . 
Just moved my room around ..... All the < PROPMALE > furniture is done ..... The floor needs to be picked up but ehh I will do that later ... Plus clean the bed room and kitchen some more .... Will the cleaning ever be done ... I think not .... Then more on the to do list is move the living room around ...... Dont forget the < PROPFEMALE > box either ugh kill me now ... 
Sleep is imminent ... 
by 3am i am going to bed I am so finished with this up all night and day thing im ready to change back so maybe i can do things during the day just maybe plus pest control comes tomorrow ... dont want them walking in on me passed out lol ... 
I went to bed at 3am and was up a little after 6 and i feel good ... finally haha 
Why is it so cold right now .... socks are even warming my feet 
I have been up since 5am what the hell .. really 
So I totally Forgot How much my dumb ass cat loves McDonalds and she so just woke me up by fighting my other cat and 2 dogs for a cheese burger .... really what the fuck . Gonna take me forever to go back to sleep now . 
Chicken for Breakfast ? 
is it 10 yet or maybe even 11 ? 
I wish someone would entertain me ..... 
Going out be home later ? 
food then i am passing out 
Full 
Tag Happy 
Just spent an hour and 56min on the phone with my grandmother .... there is my phone calls to family for the month ... 
pigs in a blanket and string cheese woo ! 
Tired Now ... 
Peppermint Tea please help me .... 
Back to sleep 
I hate forgetting things at the store and having to go back 13 different times ughhhh . 
Whats for dinner tonight ????? 
I no longer have an addiction to facebook 
22 More Days mmm what to do that day 
I keep missing everyone online 
wow 
I swear I am gonna kick someones ass today . 
BAHHH !!!! Thats how i feel bahhh ! 
Wow just WOW ! 
Only been up 20min and alredy at the vets ugh what a day todays gona be 
Diesel Has Parvo . And both have to have the shots and have ear infections . What a past few week I am just getting so tired . 
I CAN BARLEY HANDLE THIS ! MY dog have parvo ..... the shot they got made there eyes dilate and now they can barley see and walkin around cracked out there minds . I have to force feed them pedialyte ....... oh and on top of that ear infections kill now 
I have been up every 2 to 3 hours to force feed my puppies . Boy do they hate me right now . 
Diesel and Stetson are kicking parvo ass . Might not even need another shot tonight then one more time to the vet tomorrow and should be pretty good . 
I got a parvo puppy on my butt ! 
Can this month get any worse yet ? 
Totally Depressed 
Another day has passed and they are even better =) I just wish he didnt keep trying to steal my bologna . 
Ha ! 
I wish I knew who just threw up .... oh and of course its all over my sofa ... fml 
ANGERY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Back to square one ...... ugh poor diesel ...... He looks fine but feels all skinny and bahhhh .... I wish he stop throwing up especially in my bed . I hate parvo ...... 
Today Stetson ran into the laundromat 
Diesel is still sick ... who can work magic and fix him apparently not a vet ! 
Bahh bored out my mins Parvo puppy is locked in the living room till he needs his pedialye then nap and repeat 
Depressed 
Better Day 
Diesel Just finally ate !!!! Lets hope he keeps it down ... 
Another day gone by and still an up hill battle ..... When can I reach the top ? 
Why cant I sleep .... someone please tell me ...... 
Bored Watching Horton hears a who .... lunch and slowly fixing my hair maybe haha 
Finding Nemo 
I just want to be able to buy a house what the f*** ! 
Gona give the dog his pill then go get dinner ..... 
So in a few days I can finish my hair ..... and I now need toner wooo ..... 
Leaving in a few then will be back to pass out ! 
OMG MY HAIR ! 
Its my birthday woo goodnight 
So I am 20 and I say thanks to all the birthday wishes . 
In a month I will be back to the place I call home .... good old New England ...... 
Why did I even get up today ? 
Gonna Make some Pasta ! Yay Dinner ...... 
Goodnight to the Goodmorning 
So I dont get why I know so many people but no one ever talks to me ..... I am going crazy in the house ..... Making Pigs in a blanket .... Day 2 of cooking 
Its that kind of Day .... 
I am so bored Can I just go home already ? 
Stupid vet 
Bath Time ahhhh 
My phone charger broke last night . Now on the hunt for a new one ..... why must this be such a pain in my ass 
I hate today 
So I am bored and my shoulder is killing me ..... 
Off to walmart ...... and i think fashion bug .... 
ok so I am thinking shower then I really dont know ..... I should clean but who wants to do that ..... 
Who wants to start the count down ...... 14days maybe ? 
Going out Why do I forget simple rules .... 
Bahhh . 
Babble babble bitch bitchRebel rebel party partySex sex sex and don't forget the \violence \"" 
Sooo ..... 10am whos going to bed whos gona go to bed now ...... not me I am still not tierd I am gona go watch a movie ...... 
I am getting the other side of my lip done tomorrow then I am done yay !!! the rest of the moneys for bills bills bills and going home ! 
< PROPMALE > payed food bought piercings got .... looks like I am going home on time , I say goodbye Clarksville on the 12th and start my drive off ... I cant wait . 
I wanna know who wants to see me while I am back in < PROPFEMALE > ????? 
I just woke up and took a shower and just wanna go back to bed I don't feel well mer ! 
Home and bored now what to do ? 
So yeah I am up and I was packing boxes to go to Afghanistan what joy that was now for the finishing touches ..... and dinner 
Imma Vampire BLAHHH !!!!!!! 
Nap 
Life is not long ... \ 
But life is not short ... \ 
It is what you do ... \ 
Take in the world to feel ... \ 
-> Feel the STABBING ... \ 
-> Feel the CRUSHING ... \ 
-> Feel the BONE CLENTCHING ... \ 
The Gruesome pain and torture ... \ 
Till you gasp your last - \ 
Breath of Blackened air ... \ 
Surcome to the darkness ... \ 
Let your Blood grow cold ... \ 
Close your bleeding eyes and ... \ 
Sleep deep for Eternity ... 
Angry ! 
Gone to bed .... 
goodnight 
I need to stop trying to call my mom when shes not home and I know it .... UGH 
I hate doing the dishes nominally but hey there almost done . 
Anyone want to video chat ? Join my chatroom - http://tinychat.com/ooh 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! I can't wait to see you next week ! 
Its time ..... that is for the attempting to sleep ..... 
Almost done packing and doin dishes I just wanna shower and sleep ...... leaving tomorrow . 
Home IN < PROPFEMALE > 
Day #1 in < PROPFEMALE > what to do ? 
It so feels like nap time 
What to do today any Ideas ???? 
Bed soon , tomorrows gonna be a long day . 
Thanksgiving in < PROPFEMALE > best place to be . =) \ 
I love you < PROPFIRST > Noury ..... oh and I guess I miss you too . \ 
( telling me to spell check our last name lol ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Gov is really f**kin dumb ..... Is it really that hard to understand My husbands in the Army we moved to TN no way in hell I can go do Jury Duty in < PROPFIRST > ..... Stupidity ..... 
Nothing to do . 
Sleep 
I so need to shower , get dressed , find lunch , find new lip jewelry , and then who knows any ideas ? 
Another night at the movies . I missed < PROPFEMALE > today . I will just have to stalk her at work tomorrow . 
I feel like poop 
This drive sucks in WV 
Oh ky you are so long 
HOME ! 
I just woke up now what ? 
Gona go to walmart soon woot ... 
For today I get to have the car washed , got to walmart yet another time , and clean clean clean ..... UGH ! 
Workin on the wake up ... Cleaning ???? 
Will the cleanin ever end ..... oh of course not ! 
Snowing 
I love Snow <3 Its nice out today . 
watching stereotypist movie at there best . ahh childrens christmas movies . 
What to do .... What to do ... what to do ???? Cleaning ... No , Dishes .... No , Watch movies .... No , Any I deas ? 
layin on the sofa Watchin movies Gah . 
Chili Yum 
Getting aggravated another day no call . Ugh I just wanna get this over with . 
Skype for the rest of the night , While listing to music ..... 
Soon enough he will be home . 
Getting Dressed , Doing my hair and make up , waiting for a phone call . 
Super Bored waiting for a phone call ..... I want this to go faster Damn it . lol 
I have an hour left before I leave for the airport .... what to do what to do oh what to do ??? 
Day 1 
Getting ready to go out and get things done . 
midnight run to walmart ? looks like it just might be lol . 
BLOOD < PROPFEMALE > 
Ok So I am up but < PROPFIRST > is not . Ugh What to do what to do what to do ?? 
MMMM Milk Shake 
Getting dressed then doing something who know ? 
making Holiday Liquor Balls and cleaning up ugh my house went from Ok to disaster . 
< PROPFIRST > is being Creepy Standing behind me ..... 
Going out for a few 
I have an Army < PROPMALE > , Yay Ghost Shrimps .... 
Clean up ...... Then more backing ..... 
I am already cooking ugh . Ok so I need to go shower .... < PROPFIRST > is apparently on strike , He just does not want to get up . I have no idea why I never asked him to get up . Marry Christmas . 
Getting dressed then going out then who knows 
Walked the dogs now gona go do some laundry bbl , oh and my pea soup is so on . 
The < PROPFEMALE > Army Strikes Again 
What Damage can be done while making Jello Shorts ..... Getting ready for a new year , done the right way . 
We have made over a 100 Jello shots , and have other things to drink what a night today will be . 
Cable confuses me ..... 
Next week I shall finally have cable .... 
I can not get to sleep !!!! I am super angry !!!!! 
Confused ..... Now angry , and hungry .... Leave me alone 
Try to sleep I think to but doubt it will happen 
WOW ... thats all 
Man this is a big box ..... 
will i ever sleep ? 
Sleep escapes me once again .... I have to be up by noon and I am still not even tired ........ whats wrong with me ? 
Cable I think yes . 
The first good point in 2 days is that my grandmother finally got a job yay for her ! No why cant I shake this evil feeling . 
i dont feel good still ! 
BAH ! 
Finishing Zombieland then trying to go to bed ...... ugh I shall never get to sleep 
Another day more boredom and tacos later , why do I want tacos so much ? 
Oj and cookies wow I have problems well sleep finally I think I can do it lol . 
Who's crazy Who needs sleep ...... Definitely not me . I haven't slept yet , I am never taking 5 hour energy again . I am going to try and sleep if it shall happen It be amazing Text me 
Bills Paid ... Now what ? I feel like I am forgetting something ? 
Just woke up 
So just about 24hours no sleep .... bahhh 
Laundry in about a hour then out and about for the rest of the day oh what fun all with puppies in toe ... Oh ... did I mention my house is completely clean its amazing . 
Angry emails . 
If you could get any reasonable Car/SUV what would it be ???? 
In a sea of online metal . 
Ok so I think I have some real issues going on , I just laid down with Stetson and Diesel and asked them not to eat me when I die . All I got back from them was Stetson covering my mouth while Diesel stepped on me and licked my forehead .... does that mean shut up ???? 
I got a new car !!!! 
Shower then taking picture of the Murano for < PROPFIRST > 
Morning , Shower , Food , Phone Calls , Office , Emails , Printing out papers and getting a move on with finishing off this paper work . 
Bed soon , Back to the dealership in the AM . 
Who needs stuffed animals when you have two living creatures so sleep with . 
So I am thinking a trip back home in April or May ? That should give me enough time to save for the gas . Opinions ? 
Bed , what a Day . 
Nap till my food comes . 
Listing to the rain .... 
Time to pick up and start in on Dinner . 
Another dinner made another day done 
I hate these dogs . 
Goodnight .... well hopefully . 
Oh YAY ! for tornadoes !!!!! Cleaning the Toilet ..... Not that I really wanna do it .... 
What a < PROPMALE > tastic day today is ... 
SO FUCKING ANGRY !!! 
New car yet I had to buy an air freshener for it , why you ask ? Because my dogs made it stink they both stink like bad bad bad BAD feet nasty dogs who's getting a bath later !? 
If these dogs bark one more time I am going to lock them away . I just wanna sleep 
Watching < PROPMALE > Potter #6 then sleeping 
Money Who loves it , not me 
The word of the day is - Nonchalant 
Just took one of my lip rings out , I am going to let it heal and do it again the man who did that screwed it up , its not supposed to still be all agitated by now . Ugh 
Wonderful end to a wonderful fucking day . 
Picking up and ordering somthing to eat for now ugh , not in the moood . 
Time turns so slowly . 
In·com·pe·tent –adjective\ 
1 . not competent ; lacking qualification or ability ; incapable : an incompetent candidate . \ 
2 . characterized by or showing incompetence : His incompetent acting ruined the play . \ 
3 . Law . a . being unable or legally unqualified to perform specified acts or to be held legally responsible for such acts . \ 
b . inadmissible , as evidence . 
Sleep will never come , Still up watching movies in bed . 
Tomorrow by 3PM ( TN time PPL For my New England PPL thats 4PM ) I shall have a new Cell Phone YES !!! ----------- It will be the same number . -------------- 
My Phones have arrived !!!! However I have to go to the store to take care of a few things .... Waiting for food then off I go . 
I love my new phone now I when is the phone cover coming I order I want it now ! 
Night I don't feel well , hopefully tomorrow will bring better feelings 
Think < PROPFEMALE > Epling should talk to her more ..... Because she has not Idea what Happening up there anymore . 
I just Sneezed Right in Diesels face . EW !!! 
If I snez one more time I am going to die . 
Chocolate Pudding and cool whip 
Lets play a game called Name my Truck .... 
Sleep ? Just maybe ... 
Done with Skype , Gona watch Tv till 4 in the morning then who knows what Sleep shall never come . 
Word of today is Fugacious , Does anyone know the definition ? I do . 
I cant get to sleep , at this point why bother tho ..... ugh 
< PROPMALE > Dougie < PROPMALE > Is watching how to lose a guy in 10 days ...... can we say homo .... 
Can't sleep something doesn't feel right ..... but what ? 
Nothing is working out right , I feel bad now , Now I am going to sleep .... But shall I ever get to sleep probably not . 
I wish my damn debit card would come so I could maybe get out of this house 
I hate when someone asks me to choose something when there the one who really cares about it not me . 
Finally I am laying down to sleep yet ... I still don't feel the need to sleep . 
< PROPMALE > Dougie < PROPMALE > is the cake . 
I never wanna do this again ..... but of coarse I will 
Done with my project who says you can make hair extensions at home and put them in .... not me .... 
I just shredded 5 Years of my life hmm ..... 
My mind hurts . I need to stop thinking . 
TEXAS 
Tryin to sleep finally my power nap of an hour is gone 
I am going to wash the dogs in a moment they are super smelly . Then eat dinner and lay in bed watch some movies . 
I still cant sleep .... 
I just woke up after Nine hours of sleep , Stetson is on the same pillow as me like hers a person goober dog , Waking up then doing the dishes .... 
I now know what to make a perfect Pizza and the secret is don't add onions .... 
I want a Cantaloupe 
Finally tired enough to sleep going to take a nap super angry . 
I dont feel good . 
Finlay going to sleep I feel ready . 
Forget going to bed , Taking diesel to the vets in a little while ... 
I have been up since 5-6pm yesterday , I have been to the vets and come home and the shit storm keeps coming . Going to eat and hopefully maybe sleep . So much for cleaning today . 
BILLS BILLS BILLS 
Out of all the times the dogs don't even come near me Diesel had to bite me because he wants in the blanket too . I was sleeping so good . Still tired going to sleep again . 
I wanna get my pricing today . 
Bored text me 978 914 1023 
THUNDER . 
Its cold today 
Im so stuffy and my eyes wont stop watering merr 
Just woke up , Gonna go get lunch . 
Layin in bed 
What a way to start off my day . 
I am so damn angry for no damn reason what the hell !!!!! 
I guess I have to do laundry today bah 
Laundry attack 
Home laundry is done now what ? 
food sleep repeat 
Shower then I have no idea what blah 
Bored .... what to do ? 
Went for a walk with the dogs now they dont wanna move 
I am honestly this lame its Sat night and I am gonna go to bed , because I am a loner/loser and soon to be recluse and I am not talkin bout turnin into a spider . 
Bed now 
Shower then on my way for get Nos and foods 
The sky is littered with bursts of light and a crush Rawr .... 
Severe Thunderstorm Warning , Flood watch , Tornado warning , Tornado watch , Flood watch , Wind advisory , and don't forget Flash flood watch ...... Its the end . 
I gotta run to Walmart 
How many needles can you feel over three hours ? 
Super sore waiting for this epically slow download to finish 
Frustration 
Why do I always seem to lose my pants I want to ware in my own house damn this place ..... 
I am fuckin cold , I have to put on a heavy sweater thats gonna annoy my shoulders I am gonna go swear in the corner now . 
