Facebook is so lame .... 

its about beer thirty 
UH OH gonna be a long night , going out drinkin . 
Is ready for nfl sunday 
What a weekend of football !! Screw the Gators , Screw the Longhorns . Cant wait for it all again next weekend . 
Monday ????? I say we do away with monday's . 
Has it not rained in Sac for like a year or something , whats the deal with everyone ?? Its like rain comes once a year thing out there ! 
Is going to the No . 5 Boise St. Vs . TU game . Upset alert ?? Go Hurricane's!!!! 
is disapointed there was no upset tonight , but still an awesome game . 
is thinking , wow the New England Patriots is out of control right now , 5 touchdowns in 1 quarter for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !!!! 45 to 0 in the first half . 
gotta love sundays 
Monday night football , watch it , awesome game 
Happy NattyNight everyone !!! 
GAME TIME , Colts vs . Pats woot woot . biggest game of the year so far !!!!! GO COLTS !!! 
Go to my < PROPFEMALE > to add me in mafia wars . 
OHHHHH we got a game now BABY !!!!!! Come on Peyton !!!! 
HOLY CRAP , Colts you are amazing !!!!!!!! 
9-0 
uhhh ohhh 
gotta love Goose the Grey 
< PROPFIRST > Hag < PROPFIRST > needs help to Fight Off An Ultra-National Gang in Mafia Wars : Moscow . 
Gotta click on yesturdays post todays did not go up 
< PROPFIRST > Hag < PROPFIRST > needs help to Fight Off An Ultra-National Gang in Mafia Wars : Moscow . click on yesturdays , todays didnt post ! 
Wait ... what do you mean its dead ?? 
Coach not only will I do it for you I ... I ... I .... yes yes I will do it for you . 
gotta be clear ! 
HAHAHAHA Cowboys's suck !!! Poor < PROPFIRST > Jones , looks like it might be an off-season of restucturing ! 
almost divisional championship sunday 
this place stinks like old cheese . < PROPMALE > made cereal with that milk this morning !!! 
You have to see this ! A simple town competition ends a 8 year marriage ! http://broughttoyou.org/failedcompetition 
LeBRON hahaha , im sick of hearing about him ! HEY ! the Celtics got the win , shut up about LeBRON . 
All i have to say is GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSE !!!! 
LA Laker SHOW tonight ! 
Well well what a game 1 we have going so far , looks like its gonna be a watch every second series . 
KO BE BRY ANT . Looks like back to back rings for the Lakers !!! 
Lakeshow !! 
And they take game 3 in Boston , GO LAKESHOW !! 
BACK TO BACK , BACK TO BACK , BACK TO BACK 
Oh my god < PROPMALE > did you just eat sofa pizza ? 
Back from Kansas city , had a lot of fun . 
Oklahoma humidity is disgusting . 
gotta love a case of the vodca guts . 
better out than in , i always say 
GOTTA love the 12 hour work day . 
working in 2 different houses with no ac today is epic . 
Inception , 2 and a half hours long , and i just wished it kept on going !! 
all i need is to have a good time , the good life 
seriously , could we just wipe mosquitos off the face of the planet ! 
OOHHhhhhhhh ... the bg's 
To see you when i wake up is a gift i didnt think could be real 
4th day in a row of a full round of golf , i cant wait !! 
They can take our lives , but not our FREEDOM ! It's weird how ppl turn out to be crazy . 
golf 10 out the last 11 days , plus 112 degrees today , im done for ... 
I have to return some video tapes . 
Ssssssookie is becoming more and more annoying and stupid . 
this may sound crazy to some but i think the U.S. is headed towards another civil war ... 
im gonna be a bit to optimistic here , but 49ers this year nfc west champs , i think so . 
Half way to sac . Gonna be a fun weekend . 
No more fun , no more fun . 
i have one question , what happened last night ? 
Back to Oklahoma ... bunk . Had am awesome time in Cali . 
GGOOOOOODDDBBBYYYYYYYYEEEEEE nice to know you 
i havent felt the way i feel today in so long , its hard for me to specify . 
Senses Fail ... RULES !!! 
so i ate a lot of cheese , how much is too much cheese ? 
wine in a can 
saw something like 10 minutes ago i havent seen in quite a while a beer run , while i was buying beer . lol it was crazy the owner ran after the kid with a bat but he got away , it was crazy . 
< PROPFEMALE > Wie is soooooooooooooooooooooooooo hot 
yeah i sorta super glued myself too ..... myself 
How could i be pregnent ? \ 
Well are you a virgin ? \ 
No . \ 
Well then you could be pregnent . 
Hungry 
A warepanther , seriously trueblood writers ... 
Flip Flip Flipedelphia , Flip Flip Flipedelphia 
What am I doing at a karaoke bar right now ? Hahaha oh good times on t town . 
does anyone have a fantasy league that could use another ? please let me know . 
gotta love waking up at 4:30 in the afternoon . 
OH YEAH thats right Ladies and Gentleman its here , its time , ARE YOU READY ....................... COLLEGE FOOTBALL BABY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
How could they start the season out better that the Vikings vs . Saints ? Thank you NFL . 
I hit flop shots farther than that son . 
i like cookies . 
How awesome was Home Alone . 
BOOMER !!! 
I dont think i hate anything more than Texas . 
Retrofit the pudding hatch\ 
With the boink swatter 
SUNDAY SUNDAY SUNDAY !!!!!! 
Come on Colts you can do it , lets go Peyton ! 
DOWN GO THE COWBOYS !!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I Love It !!!!!! 
Great weekend of Football 
Ha , Chargers .... 
Please i REALLY want to know if you like < PROPFEMALE > Palin or not even if you dont really know me just let me know do you like < PROPFEMALE > Palin or not ! 
Stay < PROPFEMALE > Philidelphia . 
< PROPFEMALE > is back and as great as ever ! 
The League on FX , WATCH IT !!! 
Get rid of your cat . And no , it's not different , its just like every other cat . 
Learn to work the toilet seat ; if it's up , put it down . \ 
If you ask a question you don't want an answer to , expect an answer you don't want to hear . \ 
Sunday = sports . It's like the full < PROPFEMALE > or the changing of the tides . Let it be . \ 
Ask for what you want . Subtle hints don't work . 
otta root for Peyton , i mean there is really no choice !! 
Well first 2 plays Colts looking great as always 
And the Colts are looking like champs yet again . 
there's genius ' like Einstein and Da Vinci , then there is Peyton Manning WOW ! 
( REALLY LOUD DEEP VOICE ) GGGOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRREEEEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
YES 2 Point Conversion GOOOOOOOOOOOOD ! 
COME ON Niners , what are you doing ?? 42 pass plays , and 15 rushes , did you know you have < PROPFIRST > GORE . get it together wow . 
Roads , where we're going we dont need roads . 
Munday Nit FFFitbaaahhh 
Packers are really killing themselves penalties , might be winning by much more if not for the lack of discipline . 
The scariest part of Halloween , having to give away all your Reese's . 
Kansas City , Here i come ! 
Boomer 
Moss going back to the Vikings !!!!! 
have the called any designed jump pass plays , with their position athlete player ? 
There is just to much offense in tonights NLDS game ... 
nvm there we go Giants 
gotta love seeing double 
GATORS LOSE !!! GATORS LOSE !!! < PROPMALE > IS MORE !!! 
RIVERA !!!!! 
YANKS WIN YANKS WIN !!!! 
How do i feel about losing , its like if < PROPFIRST > Phelps came out of retirement , jumped in the pool , belly floped , and drowned !! 
BELVEDER !!!!!!! 
How did 2/3's of the Monday Night Football gang pick the Cowboys to win tonight are you kidding me !!!!! 
Taken down Notre Dame !!!! 
Longhorns drop 3 in a row , < PROPFIRST > Griffin III 
Ducks love eating Trojans ! 
thinking about changing my dogs name to < PROPMALE > Posey 
Remember the time i spilled the cup of apple juice in the hall 
Get in the kitchen , its National Make Men Dinner Day !!!! 
In a time of chimpanzees I was a monkey 
one word ... LAKERS !!!! 
i woke up this morning and found that someone had craped in my pants .... 
It's gonna take at least a hundred grand , to get the son of a preacher man ... 
GO POKES !!!! 
Can someone please tell me why its 79 degrees in Oklahoma right now on Nov 24 . 
Energizer < PROPFEMALE > arrested , charged with battery 
You know Rabbit a good cop really doesnt know why he does anything ... 
Christmas Vacation is CLASSIC ! 
Lakers lose Vujacic , and pick up veteran < PROPFIRST > Smith hopefully he can bring down low . 
So , let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , ElizabethTaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? Really ? REALLY ...?? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL 
What im looking for ... can not be sold to me ... 
These pretzels are making me thirsty .... 
I'm leavin on a jet plane . 
It's gonna be a white Christmas . 
Good googlely mooglely that thang is juicy . 
Somebody call a whambulance for the Tennessee quarterback , haha , just like Tebow .... what a finish to a game though best bowl game yet !! 
Wow why has no one been talking about this kid Tyrod < PROPFIRST > till now ? Maybe its because ESPN runs everything and only talks about who the want to sell ... 
I personally like gingers , soullessness and all ! 
Peyton Manning is my hero !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Its time 
Man i hate < PROPMALE > Musburger ! 
I'm not a player I just crush a lot . 
It's what the French call a certain ... I don't know what . 
Just shoveled the neighbors drive way in only 2 hours lol . 
Post game is still on , yet football withdraws are already setting in ... 
Melo to the Lakers talks !?!?! 
He'll beat ya uglyer than you are now !! 
It's a warm -5 right now . 
The hideousness of that foot will haunt my dreams forever 
Just now realizing What Am I Gonna Do ?!!??!! No football today !!!!! 
Ok so I thought the country was in the crapper , but now its official , why is < PROPFIRST > Bieber playing in the allstar celebrity basketball game ??!!? What a joke , 
Boomer !! 
Im in love with my stalker 
Pretty much , NEIN !!, guacamole & cream cheese ! 
Oh yeah made it home fine last night . 
Sitting at social security admin office , almost as bad as the dmv , but much cleaner . 
I'm bi-winning , i win here , i win there ! 
Skinny Jeans ......?!?!?!??!? 
I'm gonna get you ... 
All is right in the world , as the Heat lose again ... 
Tressel suspended 2 games , < PROPFEMALE > Qb , < PROPFEMALE > Rb , and 3 others suspended 5 games , Buckeys not looking good for next season . 
Bracket time , got some studing to do . 
Take your stinking paws off me you Damn dirty ape !! 
So I know this will sound horrible but I hope < PROPMALE > Beck dies a really really bad death ! 
WOW this Butler , Pitt game is gonna kill me !!! 
Butler is gonna do it again .... 
We will not go quietly into the night , we will not vanish , we will survive 
BUTLER !!!!! 
This stuff is chess not checkers 
Well 38 minutes till the start of baseball season . 
