So should I wear green or pink 

I'm so bored 
Omg I ate too much ! I feel like I'm going to explode 
Hey we have a razor study is an in home study so basically u come pick up a razor on June 28 an use it for 3 weeks , than\ 
U come an pick it another one on July 19 and then u come an drop it off on august 9 an get paid $150 dollars 
Woohoo I just finish dancing by myself at home , time for a shower .... Ah ke < PROPMALE > 
OMG it's so fucking hot !!!!! 
Dennys biscuits and gravy are a-w-e-s-o-m-e , I woke up this morning and farted jajajjajajajja 
I'm so tired and j don't wanna work tomorrow 
Well time to go to sleep because it's Monday , I hate monday 
I am lactose intolerant , that explains a lot !!!! 
So happy for new iPhone 4 !! Video calling !! That's right video calling !!!! Woohoo can't wait for it to come out !!!! 
I'm bored here at work !!!!!! 
I'm so tired , and don't even know why I slept all day til 12 ..... I need a redbull 
Watching < PROPFIRST > springer , and eating watermelon , why is it call watermelon ???? 
On my way to work ! Yaaaaaay ! Ugh ! 
I don't wanna work today !!!! But need to so I can buy my new iPhone , why did god created money , ugh ! 
True blood season 3 is on !!!!!!!!! 
I hate cell phone companies ....... I can't upgrade to iphone 4 because I don't qualify to upgrade yet , but if I want to upgrade I have to pay double than a new customer that's is bs 
Spank my monkey !!!! 
Mmmmm I just finish my oatmeal , yummmy for my tummy :) 
I want a puppy !!! 
This week I'm busting my ass off at work 68 hours by the end of tomorrow ..... iPhone here I come !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ugh back to work today , oh well , hope it will be a good week ! 
What are we going to do today ????? 
Came to see the last airbender with my lil brother , and they put us in the smallest theatre , and oversold the tickets , but we got good seats ! Yaaaaaaaaaaay ! 
Woooo hooooo it's Thursday !!!!!!!!! And tomorrow is Friday !!!!!!! And then Saturday !!!!!!! And so on ....... 
Yaaaaaay it's Friday !!!!! It's parrttty time ...... I'm gonna do waka waka dance 
..... I'm not a hooker , that was a long , long time ago .... 
So far it has been a very relaxing weekend 
For the first time I feel wicked ........ 
Coke whore !!!!! 
Grab my monkey ....... 
Some people should be more careful of what they post on fb or if u are going to talk shit about them on fb don't add them to your friend list ..... Dumb people ! 
Hakunah matata ...... 
Rainbows are God's way of reminding gay people of how beautiful they are . 
I'm officially atheist .... Yes , freedom !!!! 
I have a feeling today is going to be a good day 
House shopping is so tiring , I wouldn't think it would be so hard to find a house that I like and meets ALL my expectations .... Can't wait to find MY home 
House shopping is postponed til sept 1st well at least that's when we can make an offer !!!! This sucks I want a new house now !!! 
Omg ! I can't believe I'm doing this .... 
House hunting today , some of them look very promising .... 
Yaaay new house !!!!! 
I want to go to six flags 
I'm selling my wii who wants it make me an offer is fully equipped and 14 games 
I hate Mondays 
My baby < PROPMALE > is gone , how sad ..... 
This is a nightmare !!!! 
Can't wait to for this weekend to get here !! And be in the new house all set up 
I'm glad in off tomorrow yaaay 
Getting ready for < PROPFEMALE > cho show !!!! I'm so excited !!!!! Thank u baby !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > cho was awesome !!!! 
First Friday sound fun 
I just watched the movie let me in .... I went with low expectations and turned out to be . Good movie I'll give 3.75 out of 5 stars lol 
Kickback party at my house on saturday .... Yaaay ! Im turning 21 again !!!! 
I like it on top of the TV 
Which Jersey Shore Character Are You ? -- My Result : < PROPFEMALE > \J-WOWW\ " . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/478354/referrals/status?aid=1298153587 " 
Feliz < PROPFEMALE > de la raza !!!!!!!!! 
Im officially 23 !!! Yaaaay 
Good morning boys and girls of facebook !!!!!!! 
Love this weather 
Chicken fried rice 
Took a 15 minute nap , woke up and it had snowed in the leaving room ( my pup love to take the cotton out of her toys ) . 
Paranormal activity 2 ! Who wants to go !!!!!!!!! 
... 2 for < PROPFIRST > Coco , you go < PROPFIRST > Coco , and none for < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
So hard to find a good roomate 
.... i wish i could bake a cake with rainbows and smiles and we could all be happy ..... 
Second day after accudent , and my body is hurting more more and more , last night i felt like my head was goibg to fall off cuz my neck shoulder and back are so sore 
Looking to buy a car , anyone selling ? 
I cleaned my friend list ... some people are just way to annoying 
day one of learning how to drive < PROPMALE > ... was not so good , please god give me < PROPFEMALE > to learn 
Second day of driving manual ... better ! I just need to practice alittle bit more 
Thou shall not crave thy neighbor\ 
-trublood 
I think im getting an eye infection ..... 
My car needs a new transmission 
Happy thanksgiving everyone .... And a wonderful black friday 
At walmart with my lil bro waiting in line for a ps3 since midnight .... This sucks im here and im not even buy crap for me 
All i gotta say is damn girl u got fat 
I love my job , i love my job , i love my job , i love my job , i love my job , i love my job , i love my job .... Nope it doesnt work i still hate my job 
I need a drink 
I wanna play the number game 
#43 - u are so pretty that if i wasnt gay and in a relationship , i would be trying to tap that .... Lol jk but yeah u are very centered and direct person and i like that about u , cuz u dont takr shit from no one !! U go !! 
#666 - in my mind u were always so cool , specially cuz u did take crap from someone we both know , even though i never see you i consider u a friend .... 
Your car is Japanese . Your beer is < PROPMALE > . Your wine is Spanish . Your democracy is Greek . Your coffee is Colombian . Your tea is Chinese . Your watch is Swiss . Your fashion is French . Your shirt is Indian . Your shoes are Thai . Your radio is Korean . Your vodka is Russian . And then you complain your neighbour is an immigrant ? Pull yourself together ! Copy and post to support the dream act . PASS the DREAM Act NOW 
I hate wrapping 
I love my kinect thanks < PROPMALE > 
Yaaay ! We had a great xmas ! Woohoo i love my kinect ! 
Happy new year everybody !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! See ya @ amsterdam tonight !!!! 
I love ignorant people that think they know it all ! Cuz it makes me feel more special 
U are just jealous cuz im hotter than ur skinny ass 
I love Zumba !!!!!!!! 
Been without a car since monday .... \ 
Im not Mad\ 
Im not mad\ 
\ 
Nope im still very very mad\ 
Lol 
T shirt time !!!!!!!!!!!! Tonight ! 
I have tmj ! No !!!!!! 
Jesus and I have decided to see other people 
The mechanic tonight , who wants to go !!!! 
Snookie \ the ocean is salty because of all the whale sperm\ " lmao " 
I see a little silouetto of man !..... 
