Do you really want to know LMAO 

If you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and I . It can be anything you want , good or bad . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you ! 
I have lost my mind and have gone to find it . If it should return before I do please ask it to stay and wait for me .... Thank you ... 
Party tomorrow night wahoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo finally a night out for the Queen ........ :) 
Taking all my meds and crashingggggggggggggggg outttttttttttttttt good night to all and to all a gooooddddddddddddd niteeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 
hmmm the mind is blankkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk 
Enjoying my drama free day ....... STOOOOOKEEEEEEEEEEEDDDDDDDD 
duhhhhhhhhhh nuttin 
Would love to be drunk right about now ..... 
I would like to go away and not be surrounded by a bunch of IDIOTS ... Does anyone know of such a place ?????????? Aren't you glad you got to hear from me hahahhahahah 
Once I thought I was wrong but I was only mistaken ...... 
I DARE ANYONE TO STRESS ME OUT .... HAHAHAH I AM ONLY SERIOUS .... LOL 
Dammit I just went outside and stepped in some snowman poop ... Who wants to clean my shoes off ? 
Is giving thanks to the one's that are there but wondering what's wrong with the one's who aren't ........ 
Actually the mind is blank just like I want it to be ...... 
< PROPMALE > and I have been together almost 7 years and no were not married .. Not sure if I will ever do that one again . lol 
If I told you I would have to kill you ...... 
Going off to la la land does anyone want to go with me ? 
I am not perfect and I don't do alot of things right , but when I look into the eyes of my two beauitiful girls . I know I did at least two things perfectly . 
I want to Thank God for the strength he has given me to < PROPFEMALE > the burdens I am dealing with in my life at this time ..... 
I was just thinking when I die they better bury me upside down with my ass sticking up so the whole damn world can kiss it ..... 
To anyone who wants to yap there mouths . I stepped up to the plate when no one else did so until you walk in my shoes and step up to the plate to , do not judge or run your chopsuckers because YOU DON'T HAVE A CLUE ... HAVE A NICE DAY . 
those who don't like me it's mind over matter ... i don't mind and you don't matter 
you might look into seeing a proctologist , your head is shoved REALLY far up your ass ! 
The police sent me a photo of my car speeding , so I sent them a picture of my check . 
: MARIJUANA because sometimes your friends just aren't that funny 
I am so bored this is totally lame ..... 
I'LL ADMIT I'M A HANDFUL . Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . That's why it takes a REAL man to be able to put up with me !.... Repost if your WOMAN enough !. 
Copy this into your status and see what people rate you ..... 1 . Crazy . 2 . I'd Marry You . 3 . Talkative . 4 . Sarcastic . 5 . Beautiful . 6 . Smart . 7 . Moody . 8 . Dumb . 9 . Spoiled . 10 . Mouthy . 11 . Random . 12 . Hot . 13 . Funny . 14 . Fit . 15 . Amazing . 16 . Tough . 17 . Cute . 18 . Bf/Gf Type . 20 . The Best . 21 . Freak . 22 . Quiet . 23 . Workaholic . 24 . Adorable . 25 . Down to earth 
I am asking all my facebook friends to please pray for my Mother she has been very sick and is in the ICU at City Hospital . Thank You 
I am sorry but I do not do farmville . 
was offered a job at a mental institution ~ all I have to do is spend 24 hours with a Freaky Deaky Nut ... ~ ... I've got a big box of crayons ... wanna chill ? 
Did you hear about the blonde who tried to blow up her husband's car ? she burned her lips on the tailpipe . 
went to anger management class today and got kicked out , they said I needed an exorcist . I don't know why .. my head only spun around twice this time ! 
I wanted to thank everyone who has been praying for my mom .. There isn't anything else the Doctors can do for her but make her comfortable until the good Lord takes her home ... I am very sad and depressed today .... :( 
I have lost my mind and gone to look for it . If it should return before I do PLEASE make it stay till I get back ... Thank you 
I just wanted to say FIBROMYALGIA SUCKSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS ... GRRRRRR & F *** people who think it isn't for real ........ 
Omg when is it going to stop .... A very close friend of mines funeral was last evening and then I got the call my oldest daughter < PROPFEMALE>'s Dad passed away last night ... My heart hurts for my baby .... Please pray fro her ... < PROPMALE > 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a \ 
man wishing he could talk softly to her ear . While you HUMILIATE , \ 
OFFEND & INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her & \ 
reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT her , there's a \ 
man wishing he could make love to her . While you make her CRY \ 
there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if \ 
you're against Domestic Violence 
ALL I CAN SAY IS FUCKIT .... SORRY IF I OFFEND ANYONE .... BUT THAT'S HOW I FEEL 
JLet's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you is on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as a friend but also as family!Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . I will be watching to see who really is ... I < PROPFEMALE > friendships 
It's o.k. to talk to yourself , it's even o.k. to yell and curse . But there will be NO HITTING !!! 
Is it just me or does anyone else think facebook is starting to be kinda lame ????? 
I wish I spoke idiot so I could tell them off in their own language ! 
The word of the day is FOCUS . When someone annoys the sh*t out of you , think FOCUS ( Fu*k Off Cuz Ur Stupid) ! 
Sticks and Stones may break my bones but YOUR WORDS WILL NEVER HURT ME . So Shut your mouth and Kiss my ass or your body may never be found . Amen . 
Happy fathers day to all the fathers on facebook .... 
i think someone needs to explain the word no to me because i keep saying it and all the people in my house seem to not respond to it ... 
Huband for free requires pick up . Partially house trained . 
if people annoy you here is a remedy , go to the bathroom take a shit and name it that person , say a prayer and flush . Trust me you'll feel better .. LOL 
~ got pulled over by a cop and she asked me for my ID and if I had been smoking weed , I said no and gave her my chuckie cheese card ... lol ~ 
If all else fails , take drugs and cast spells on people . lol 
yeah i might be a crazy bitch . but at lest i ' m not pretending to be someone I'm not ! Peace outtttttt .... 
hasn't decided if she should join the \missing persons\ " list or not ... yet . " 
Dear life , you don't have to constantly force me to prove I am a tough , independent , strong woman . I think I've proven my case a few times too many ... AMEN 
is quiet , shy , sweet and innocent ! :} Sorry I couldn't even TYPE that with a straight face ! LOL 
Thanks everyone for all the Birthday wishes Your the Best ....... xoxoxoxoxoxo 
is board , thinks she is gonna dress up like the Grim Reaper and run around the halls of a nursing home . 
if you'd like to be my evil sidekick comment on how u would be a good one ill take application's and let u know who gets the job Mwahahahahaha ! I am only serious .... 
sometimes you have family all the time , there are some that are family sometimes , then there are some that are only family by DNA . Gives you something to think about huh ??? 
I just wanted to ask everyone if they were ok ... I'm ok and I will be even better later .... 
THIS BLOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS 
Peace Outtttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt 
is wondering if life is easier when you are totally insane ? Because I am about half way there and I want to know if I need to speed up or slow down !!! 
My business isn't your business . So , unless you're my panties . Don't ride my A$$ ! 
Don't ever go to St < PROPFIRST > Hospital they suck and are not there to help ppl .... 
Believe it or not , I have nothing to say ... Stop laughing . 
My Oncologist says I have received a Christmas Miracle . Thanks to everyone who has been praying for me .. A huge weight has been lifted ... Five months of waiting to see if I had cancer is over ..... The lymph nods in my stomach have just disappeared . My Doc says it is truely a miracle ... Thank You God ..... I just want to jump up and down and laugh and act a crazyyyy fool .... Oh my ..... 
Keep looking up !!!!!!! Tomorrows gonna bring a better day .... 
Listen to this one .... 8 years together and 2 weeks ago he asks me to marry him .... I still haven't said yes or no ..... what should I say ... lol .... Nutzzzzz 
ever wonder how they found 3 wise men in one day to visit the baby Jesus ? < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and to all a good nite ... 
Your family is like a piece of fudge you have sweet parts ... Then you have your nuts . 
As a matter of fact I do have big balls . But instead of hiding them between my legs I wear them proudly on my chest . 
I speak my mind . DEAL WITH IT ! I do not always say what you want to hear . GET OVER IT ! I am brutally honest . If you can't handle it , SUCK IT UP CUPCAKE !! 
HAD TO DO IT : Please copy and paste to your status if you know someone or have been affected by someone who needs a foot up their ass . People who need a foot up their ass affect the lives of many . There is still no cure for someone who needs a foot up their ass , except a foot up their ass . Please help raise awareness as 93% of people won't re-post ...... this . Why ? Because they probably need a foot up their ass too 
Sometimes wishes she was a pigeon . Question : If you were a pigeon who would you most like to poop on ? 
I shower naked ... HOW NAUGHTY AM I ? 
