I'm back ... 

Sittin in front of my computer wondering why I'm up this early . 
Lakers all day bb !!! 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > Hibbert at Circle Center Mall . We was doin the same thing we were , just chillin chillin . 
Another win for the \Lake Show\ " ! That Boston bandwagon is gettin kinda lonely ain't it . " 
It's been a year ... Gotta feelin of < PROPFEMALE > Vu ... Except this time I'm walkin on a sea of green , not blue 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is gonna come back to L.A. for another season ! Who's ready for another season of THE LAKESHOW starring Kobe & Co .? 
Good morning people , time for another Lakers update . To replace PG < PROPFIRST > Farmar , the Lakers have reportedly signed PG < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > to a 4 year , $16 million contract . Welcome to the defending champs < PROPMALE > . Hopefully by next year you'll be a defending champ too . 
Well yo I funk like dat\ 
I'm fat like dat\ 
I'm in like dat\ 
Cause I swing like dat\ 
We jazz like dat\ 
We freak like dat\ 
We zoom like dat\ 
We out ... we out ... 
the mcgriddle is the best invention ever !!! 
Man first a mcgriddle , now some now and laters . THIS DAY IS PERFECT !!!!! 
2 Days straight , the mcgriddle is the best invention ever 
Man , < PROPFIRST > Polygon goes hard , Imma be quotin this dude all day . Stay dapper < PROPFIRST > . 
She ... runs away from the summer ... and the day that she's gonna return ... is none of my concern . Noncomformity is beautiful . Stay dapper . 
Don't you hate it when people use analogies that don't make sense . It's like ... 
Just finsihed my summer reading . Procrastination is dangerous unless mastered . 
Dapper - def . a compliment made to anyone that is incredibly smart , sexy , and stylish 
Original Dapper Squad now accepting applications . Inbox me for more information . Stay dapper . 
The summer's gone too soon ... The winters coming now ... And lives are falling ... and\ 
I'm just brawling ... You had me going out of my head . Time for the 2010-11 school year . i'm not ready . Stay dapper . 
I'm exhausted , and it's only 2 . But it's cool cuz everything is sunny ... here in my dreams . 
Original Dapper Squad , we just got a little more official . 
just remembered that there's no school 2moro , so hype now ! 
\Welcome to < PROPFIRST>'s world ... full of drugs and promiscuous women\ " ... Man temptation's something else . Lol " 
It's cool to ask me what does dapper mean , but PLEASE(PLEASE ) don't tell me that I don't know what I'm talking about . And don't talk crazy . If you haven't been informed we either haven't gotten to you yet , or you just aren't dapper . 
Cannot wait for MOTM 2 : the Legend of Mr. Rager 
Top 5 Can't Waits : 1 ) NBA 2K11 ( < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > cover ) , 2 ) Man on the < PROPFEMALE > 2 , 3 ) Air < PROPFIRST > Retro XIII ( Flint ) , 4 ) Start of the 2010 NBA Season ( Lakers 3Peat ) , 5 ) Kinect for Xbox 360 
How bout them Colts ? 24-0 
Just finished doing my 9-23 dance at 9:23 ... 
Wale is just a simple rappers , with simple rhymes ... ooh , that hurt 
Cause in the end they'll judge me anyway , so whatever 
Man , everybody says that I act white ... Well , can somebody tell the police and security so they can stop following me . And while you're at it , tell the people at the mall , so I can get some service . After the heckling I deserve some benefits . 
“I don't care if I fall as long as someone else picks up my gun and keeps on shooting . ” 
“Let me say , at the risk of seeming ridiculous , that the true revolutionary is guided by great feelings of love . ” 
Let go , life does get tough , no need to stress , keeps you down too much ... 
* Rules of a gentleman * \ 
Your phone/digital device is an extension of yourself . As a gentleman , just as you wouldn't associate yourself with certain people , & attributes . Your phone should never be used to call or text any/every body . This is misrepresenting yourself . You have class , so should \ur\ " words & deeds - digital and otherwise " 
* Rules of a gentleman #2 * \ 
The gentleman NEVER compares himself to anyone , regardless of his status , or class . He knows he is a unique and sole copy of himself and aims to maximize HIS own potenial . He may however have role models he aspires to or traits he'd like to acquire . 
* Rules of a gentleman #3 * \ 
\ 
Shoes are a reflection of so many facets of a gentleman's life ; Your shoes should never be found wanting in shine , texture , style , neatness and general care . Take time out to make sure your shoes speak and represent you well . \ 
-There will be more rules in the future for you aspiring gentlemen . If you want to be a gentleman , take them to heart . And above all , stay dapper . O.D. 
A PINCHED NERVE !?!! C'mon man , this can't be happening ! 
What ? Where am I ? 
I'm obviously smarter than you , so please don't talk down to me . Now I made you look stupid and your foots in your mouth . How's it taste ? Hahaha ... 
Turn the radio down , if they playing that ... 
TOUCHDOWN MCCALEBB !!! Let's Go Auburn , Nat'l Championship over the horizon !!! 
Tomorrow the quest for a three peat begins ! Let's go Lakers , Kobe put in work , show ' em that a few big names don't make a championship !!! 
So here we go now , it be the Midnight Marauders on the scene ... 
Man , did this math project just ask me how old do I plan to be when I die ? I'm so tempted to write something dumb like 274 years old just to mess with my teacher . 
Don’t look down , its an impossible view\ 
Fly like an eagle , whatever you do\ 
Spread your wings , aerial 
I just saw a guy at Kroger dressed like the Flash . C'mon it's way too early . 
What am I supposed to do with this ' fro ? 
And baby girl , what does it matter where your purse from ? \ 
Your hair done , your nails did , your a ** fat , but you’re dumb\ 
Mix Melyssa Ford with < PROPFEMALE > Angelou\ 
Become a top model and Sojourner too 
Rule of a Gentleman #4 ( part I)\ 
A Gentleman understands appropriation and the importance of keeping everything moderate . He understands that anything done past moderate and modest amounts causes an imbalance in his general well being and in the long run is detrimental to his development . 
Rule of a Gentleman #4 ( part II)\ 
He is not one to over-indulge in his cares and wants regardless of his level of < PROPFEMALE > or passion . A gentleman is self-controlled and disciplines himself to master himself mentally , emotionally , socially , spiritually and physically . 
Rule of a Gentleman #5 \ 
A Gentleman understands the importance of goals and their role in paving a Gent's direction in whatsoever endeavors . He knows it is important to have his goals written out - in ink and paper . A Gentleman knows what he wants to achieve specifically . 
People think they're being helpful , by telling me please be careful , YEAH RIGHT ! Less than a week until MOTM 2 THe Legend of Mr. Rager !!! 
SAVE THE BEES !!! 
\They need to check my swag and get up to date . Check check check my swag and get up to date . \ " -Take It For The Team " 
Pacers 144-Nuggets 113 !!! That's how you step on the court and represent !!! 
\Everybody can get it 
Baby you fired , you're girlfriend hired , but if you don't mind I'm a keep you on call 
For the record , I have always been a Laker fan and never a smeltics fan . But did anyone just see Rondo throwdown . Man , that had me saying OMG like I'm Usher or something . 
We do not compromise who we are to be accepted by the crowd . We want substance in the place of popularity . We want to think our own thoughts . We want love not lies . We want knowledge , understanding , and peace . We will not lose , because we are not losers . We are lasers . 
What's the point ? 
The Pacers held the Miami Heat to a season low in points !!! 93-77 doesn't sound bad to me . Where are all the fake Pacer fans to start crawling out the woodwork ? 
Let go ... Life does get tough ... No need to stress ... Keeps you down too much 
Repoorter : So how do you feel about all of this ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > Bosh : I feel like I want to have a happy Thanksgiving . \ 
What ?!? I think he needs to pay more attention to the game . Maybe then he wouldn't look like he's waiting for somebody to carve a turkey while < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s dunking . 
What you been praying for ... What you been screaming ' bout ... Ironic you been sleeping on the one that you been dreaming ' bout 
Why isn't there a dislike button for people's statuses ? 
I think that it might be time for another rule of a gentleman ... 
So tomorrow I will be posting who I believe are the top 10 best rappers of all time . These will be rappers that have proved their lyrical mastery through albums , freestyles , etc . Now I will be evaluating lyrical mastery as well as content and meaning . So < PROPMALE > won't be on there ; Drake won't be on there either , as well as some others . If this angers you please comment , you may influence my opinion ( but probably not ) . 
Okay , so here's a little taste of tomorrow's list ( #20 -11 ): Game , Ice Cube , Snoop Dogg , Lil < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > Fiasco , Redman , Slick < PROPMALE > , Talib Kweli , Bustah Rhymes , and Method Man at #11 . Please write all hatefilled comments and I will answer them as soon as possible . 
Okay , so here it is . The top 10 rappers of all time ( 10-1 ): Tupac , Jadakiss , Kanye West , Common , Mos Def , The Notorious B.I.G. , Rakim , Jay-Z , Eminem , and Nas . I will answer all hatefilled , supportive , and illuminati-themed comments and/or questions . 
I hate the facebook fads ... but I'm about to change my profile pic ... 
What y'all know ' bout that Cousin Steeter though ? 
I am the stone that builder refused\ 
I am the visual\ 
The inspiration\ 
That made lady sing the blues 
I am the ballot in your box\ 
The bullet in your gun\ 
The inner glow that lets you know\ 
To call your brother son 
Hahaha ... Miley < PROPMALE > got caught smoking Salvia . See what Disney does to people ? 
Don't you hate it when you finish shoveling and then it starts snowing ? Huh , frustration ... 
I need some more ideas for future top ten lists ... HELP ME OUT PEOPLE !!! 
Power to the people ! Black power to black people , white power to white people , brown power to brown people , yellow power to yellow people , X power to those I left out , and Panther Power to the Vanguard Party !!! 
It is my cloak , it is my shield , it is my cape ... I love the dark maybe we can make it darker , give me a marker ... 
If you read this and know who you are , GOOD !!! If you know who this is intended for , GO TELL EM !!! Don't ask around about us , you know where we stay . And don't talk behind our backs . We will find out . I'm bout to go straight headhunter on these dudes . 
Just had a staring contest with a squirrel . But it ran off just like the raccoon ... Nature's wierd ... 
INBOX ONLY : 2010 is almost over . In a private message , confess something you have always wanted to tell me or ask me something you've always wanted to ask . [ 100% private ] put this as your status ; you might be surprised 
OMG !!! < PROPFEMALE > CLAUSE IS AT CHICK-FIL-A !!! AHHHH !!! 
I got excited because I saw < PROPFEMALE > again at some Check Cashing place , but it looked like he was on crack or something . 
Squirrels , Foxes , < PROPFEMALE > on crack ... I've only been out of school one day and this break is already one of the best ever . 
Onside kick ? Tyjuan Haglar doesn't believe in onside kicks , just scoring opportunities . 
Perhaps , the dragons in our lives ... the princesses in disguise ... waiting for us to act bravely , baby 
While y'all was in limbo , I raised the bar up 
some of y'all ( and you kNow who you are ) killeD the COol gReys for me . but its CoOl , I still like the XIs . so the wait begins ... there's a code in the message above , find the 7 capitalized letters and unscramble them ... if you're for real you'll know what I'm talking about 
She said she'll travel ' round the world looking for the one to love her ... he said he'll never find a girl that satisfies him more than any other ... Oh brother , the situations not unusual , every woman needs to be reminded that she's beautiful ... 
Follow me on twitter ... Original_Dapper 
I can't think of a perfect way to say it ... 
So close , yet so far away ... you know who you are ... 
Extreme dissapointment , it's finally getting to me ... 
Did I really just choke in the clutch ? That was like missing a game winning shot from under the basket . 
How can something so wrong make me feel so right ? 
People need to realize that there are some things that just don't concern them ... 
I never thought this would happen , but here we are ... WOW !!! 
It's almost 3 and I'm no where near tired thanks to my adrenaline rush <3 
Don't lock your doors when I walk bye . Not only is that insulting , but you're in a ' 98 Ford Taurus . What are you locking up ? 
Goodnight everybody ... If you need me , hmu ... 
They say good things come to those that wait ... 
\Q : On the radio ? \ 
Marshawn Lynch , TOUCHDOWN !!! 
That ain\t right ... you can't twerk on Boomer at the Pacer game ... smh " 
Isn't it weird when you know something's changed about you and you just can't figure out what it is ? 
Some argue that the < PROPMALE > get < PROPMALE > er , and the poor get poorer . That's just because you don't understand what's going to happen to you . You see , its all just a game ladies and gentlemen . And the quality of your living depends entirely upon you ability to play the game ... And I play the game ... 
Zoom Kobe V < PROPMALE > Lee ... amazing colorway ... 
... You can blame me for everything ... and I don't know how I'm a manage , if one day you just up and leave ... let's have a toast ... 
Shawty into Pac , me Big Poppa , she yelling put ' em up , I'm yelling who shot ya ... 
What you need to know about the past is that no matter what has happened , it has all worked together to bring you to this very moment . And this is the moment you can choose to make everything new . Right now . 
Okay then ... it's been too long . 
Official ... 
Anther beautiful morning in the midwest or should I say mideast Lainey Rollins , hahaha ... Joseph < PROPMALE > 
Who knows where I can find a Africa necklace ? My last one broke and I need a new one ... 
Blowing , Blowing , Blowing , Blowing up your news feed ... hahaha 
Has anybody ever noticed that cologne rhymes with alone ? 
Stupidity is its own reward ... 
Q : Excuse me . Do you know how much a polar bear ways ? \ 
A : no . \ 
Reply : enough to break the ice . Hi ... too funny . 
There's nothing worse than an idiot on a mission ... 
I think I figured myself out . I dare to be different but somehow I'm self-concious . I'm hopeful yet cynical , spiritual yet materialistic , humble yet extremely arrogant . Makes sense ... 
Follow me @Original_Dapper 
And if I die , before I wake , I pray the Lord my soul to take , but please don't cry , just know that I have made these songs for you ... I'm ready ... 
If you have a Bible , go to Deuteronomy 28:15 -68 and pay special attention to verses 49-57 . What group of people does this sound like ? Hmm ... 
Okay , so I'm wondering ... if I ask a question , why would you send the answer to my inbox ? This is an open conversation , not a sweepstakes ... smh 
Why is < PROPFIRST > bieber's movie in 3D ? 
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter . 
When you smiled you had my undivided attention . When you laughed you had my urge to laugh with you . When you cried you had my urge to hold you ... 
Whenever you're ready . It's up to you at this point . 
Why am I up thinking about this at almost 4 in the morning ? What should I do ? 
My head is killing me ... 
< PROPMALE > O'Brien is finally gone !!! Maybe now the Pacers could win something ... 
Copy & See What You Get ( Inbox ONLY )\ 
• Red - i Used Too Like U .. \ 
• Purple - i Wanna Get To Know U\ 
• Black - i Wanna Kiss U ..... \ 
• Pink - i Like U\ 
............ ( tharr be more)• Yellow - Ur Cute\ 
• Indigo - i Miss U\ 
• White - i Wanna See U More\ 
• Gold - i Wanna Be Ur Valentine\ 
• Orange - Will you Be Mine ? \ 
• Green - We Should ChillSee MoreSee More 
NO SCHOOL !!!! 
Uh oh power going on and off ... 
I'm about to post some super old pics , so if you don't want to be tagged , let me know . 
I was looking at old pics and realized ... I was a beast !!!! 
Just basically skated to my mailbox . Ice is fun when you're not falling or driving . 
Follow Me @Original_Dapper and I'll follow you ... 
So I guess I was the problem . That can only mean that I'm the solution ... 
Just because you listen to J . < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Fiasco doesn't mean that you know hip hop . Just because you can rhyme a couple words doesn't mean that you're a rapper . It's 2011 , step your game up ... 
ESPN's < PROPFIRST > Broussard ( the first person to predict Lebron to the Heat ) has predicted that < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > will leave the Nuggets before the trade deadline . And he believes that Melo will be joining the Los < PROPFEMALE > Lakers ... hmmm ... what if ? 
I love when you have that feeling that you're questioning yourself about and somebody shows you their true colors . Welcome to reality .... 
You might not be the one , but you the one that I < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I've listened to everything from J < PROPMALE > to Weezer , Rush to Lil Boosie in the last hour ... I love music ... 
You say something so true and then do something completely different ... huh , hypocrites ... 
I noticed I like being hated , because it means you care enough to hate me . But to be ignored or neglected is far worse ... 
I'm not sure what scares me more , that you will never start loving me or that I will never stop loving you ... 
I'm mostly confused about the world I live in , They think that I'm lonely , well I probably am , One thing that still gets me .... When did I become a ghost ? 
You know who you are , please be kind and answer one more question . Do you ever want to talk to me again ? Why do you talk to me like you don't wanna be bothered ? Inbox me and depeneding on your answer I'll hit you up , or I'll go away , it'll be like we never met ... 
So will our generation be the one to step up , take control , and allow the people to rule , or will we be another generation of people that ignore the visionaries and let small < PROPFIRST > of our children realize their real genius after we're dead ? The power is ours to take ... 
Why do people think they can beat me in NBA 2k11 on Xbox Live just because they have the Heat ? I could care less if that's your team(bandwagon ) , but don't think that's an automatic win . Step your game up ... 
Way to hmu ... bout to go to bed a little disappointed ... 
It's almost 6 already !!! It feels like it was just 12 ... 
Hmmm ... I love when stuff starts to pick up for me ... 
About to enjoy this Laker game . #Lakernation all day , haters hmu :) 
Gotta love a finished project ... 
If you're from Indiana please represent !!! Don't say you're from ATL , NY , LA , < PROPFIRST > , none of those !!! Actually , if you don't want Nap , we don't want you either !!! 3-1-7 ... 
Got something off my chest . I feel lifted , but at the same time , I feel like I just made the biggest mistake of my life ... not ready to apologize yet ... 
Who else saw Drake's face when < PROPFEMALE > Spalding walked by ? Lol !!! 
When I embrace the insanity of my thoughts I wonder if I'm doing better because I'm trying to figure myself out or worse because I'm embracing insanity . Only time will tell ... 
That's the problem ... 
I have the vaccine for bieber fever . Inbox me ... 
Why does everyone either love < PROPFIRST>'s day or hate it ? Where are my impartial people ?!? I've gotten into too many arguments with people who adamantly hate the fact that today exists and hate me for bringing it up . Well guess what ?!? Even if I didn't say anything , it still exists and you're still being stupid and bitter . 
So I guess I'm amazing now ... what am I saying ? I've always been amazing ... silly me ... 
The next person I see doing an offensive impression of a rapper is getting knocked out . Yes , my idea of offensive is subjective , too bad for you . 
Sometimes heartbreak is the greatest motivation , and for that , baby , I thank you ... 
Need someone to talk to . Hmu ... 
I'm starting to get so close . I can see perfection in the distance and I'm on its heels ... 
Please don't call me a liar . I don't care how improbable it seems , what I tell you is the truth . Its not my fault you have a boring life . 
All the people I've met and the places I've been all have made me the man I so proudly am . One thing that still gets me ... 
I love when I feel so lifted its unexplainable . Its 1:13 and I have so much energy its ridiculous . Time to get to work . Perfection must be reached ! 
Isn't it crazy how you can always be there to support someone and they refuse to realize it . They would rather try to find someone in empty places . But it's cool I said I'd always be here and hopefully you'll realize that ... 
I walk through the valley of the shadow of death is , top floor the view alone would leave you breathless . Trying to catch it , is kinda hard , getting choked by detectives , yea yea , now check your methods ... 
Once you done with ol ' dude you can see who was willing to do the most for you . If not , I'm glad that you can settle for second best . 
I can't wait til I can look back at everybody that laughed at me , talked about me , mocked me , etc . and just looked them in the eye and laugh ... 
I know everybody can't be extremely successful , but if you know anything about me , you know that I'm not like everyone else ... 
If you hate me or think you hate me , inbox me ... 
You know what ? I figured out I'm not a nice guy , I shook hands , kissed babies , gave it a nice try ... 
I went from being caring and happy to cold and uncaring . I can change , but do I want to ? 
I'm bored . If you're bored too , hmu :) 
I've come so close to inboxing you and hoping for a reply . It takes everything in my power not to ... 
I hate when people talk crazy and act hard on fb , but in person they wanna step back and watch they're mouth . 
I thought I was gonna go to bed , but now I'm bored . Somebody inbox me , I wanna smile :) 
I love getting that one message that makes my day . Thanks !!! 
I take EVERY promise I've ever made seriously . I wish the people I made those promises to kept theirs back , smh . I guess the whole < PROPFEMALE > rule thing doesn't apply , huh ? I treat you the way I want to be treated , and you treat me however you want . New me , new rules .... Is it a change for the better ? 
I think I just realized how immature you really were and are . Wow , I can't believe I was tripping like that , but whatever , you still wanna talk hmu . If not , have a nice life . 
#lakernation where the haters at , hahahahaha ! Give y'all the long laugh . 
Thanks thunder , I can't sleep . Anbody wanna chat ? 
In the night I hear em talk , the coldest story ever told , somewhere far along this road He lost his soul ... 
Just got a new phone and I need < PROPFIRST > , inbox me :) 
Seems like , street lights , happens to be just like moments , passing , im front of me .... 
When will being black start to mean you're comfortable with your race and proud of it , and not being the stereotype society has created ? 
I love finding my real friends . Way to hmu , smh ... 
Super bored , somebody hmu :) If you don't have my number , inbox me . 
They say I'm going crazy , and they've seen this before , but I'm doing pretty good as far as geniuses go ... 
Who's going to the NC game ? Hmu 
So much hate everywhere . Do you love and stand out or hate and blend in ? I don't know yet , but I've never been like everyone else before ... 
Super bored ! Hmu 
The < PROPMALE > Spas guy's name is < PROPMALE > Dapper . What ?!?!? He's trying to steal my name . 
I keep having the same dream , and I think that I just realized what it means ... 
If you love me ( Comment on this status)\ 
If you think I'm Cute , Fine , Sexy , etc ( Like this status)\ 
If you hate me ( Kick Rocks)\ 
If you ever had a crush on me , or still do .. Be Honest ( Message Me)\ 
If your not scared , ( Make this as your status ) 
If you watch basketball or any sport for that matter think about your favorite team . If you liked that team while they were struggling and not because of any one specific player , like this status , big ups to ya . If the previous sentence does not describe you , pick a team and learn to have some loyalty . It's the front of the jersey that matters , not the back . 
Sometimes I’m like the only person I feel safe to tell it to\ 
I’m locked inside a cell in me , I know that there’s a jail in you\ 
Consider this your bailing out , so take a breath , inhale a few 
Watching Adventure Time . This snail change my definition of no game . I'm never teasing anyone unless they're like this dude . 
If my being intelligent and talking intelligently is putting people off and pushing them away , then I'm okay with that . I'd rather be alone and intelligent than be surrounded by a million idiots . 
I don't feel like doing this essay today ... 
I love it when that one person texts me and just asks \wyd ? \ " It lets me know that someone's thought of me and that's always a good feeling to have . " 
Watching The Ringer ... this movie is so messed up . I know its a comedy , but it seems like I shouldn't find it funny ... 
Chillin right now , somebody hmu :) 
A hate seeing her name come up on certain statuses . It just brings up things I don't feel like thinking about and I thought I could force to the back of my mind . Way to ruin my day with only a couple hours left . 
Haha youu been hacked by < PROPFEMALE > .. ha dnt let ppl use ur phone bc then they end up on ur facebook . ! :) 
So many people like the Rosewood style made popular by Kanye , Cudi , Big < PROPFIRST > , and the rest of G.O.O.D. Music now . I'm feeling the whole slim suit-knit tie combo . It's just funny how I was dressing like that before Kanye made it famous . Just saying ... 
Freaky friday - def . Not the movie . The friday to begin spring break . The < PROPMALE > to set the bar for all of spring break . During spring break , you're not allowed to do anything lamer than this day . How high do you set the bar ? 
One thing's for certain baby , you are a wifey , two things for sure , I am not the husband though ... 
A lil bored , wanna talk to somebody . Hmu :) 
Had to find an old email and I hate looking through old emails . I saw so many messages from fb mentioning people I don't wanna think about ... 
I noticed some people removed their tags from my note ( manifesto ) . It's cool though , I show nothing but love . I'm glad I know who doesn't . 
