I am really bored and i gots a headache 

YO YO YO !!!!!!!!!! ME IS SO BORD as usual 
i DONT THINK I NEED TO CLEAN MY ROOM ?????????? Do yall ??????????? 
HHHHHHHEEEEEEEYYYYYYY 
no school not one book in the house i havent already read omg im going to die of bordom 
............ is it cold outside or is it just me ????? lol hahahaha 
ok so i found something t read ... just to occupie myself anyway .... 
IT SNOWEDDDDDD AND DUDE WE GOT LIKE AT LEAST 8 OR 9 INCHES !!!! ITS SOOOO COOLLLLL 
mom said she is gonna get me a cowboy hat lol she thinks i look goodin one ...?? 
OMG soooo tired dude i got up at 10 and i think thats way to early . somethings wrong with meeee !!!!!!!!!! 
JUST GOT MY HAIR DONE !!! It looks ... ( two words ) ... awe an some !!! lol tee-hee ill get my pics on tomorrow cuz i to tired to get up and to it now . 
< PROPFEMALE > tired as usual lol but i gotta go to church then help momma pick up the house .... sigh all this work for one blond sad isnt it ??? hahaha 
Mommmy are we going to tha mooovies ?????? Peas and carrots ??? spoon ....??? 
sooooo sad and stressed .... with grades , KCCT testing after spring break , just tested in taekwondo for my high green belt , gar got a gf and hes working all the time , just a whole list of worries ......... :-( tear sigh 
hey guess what going camping tonight . just a lil ' tradition us carlson folk have lol 
He gave her 12 roses . 11 were real and one was fake . then he turns to her an says \I will love you till the last one dies . \"" 
welll ...... just had first day of testin .... so far so good . its actually easier than i was hopin for . LOL anyway me and sammi are gettin em the watch a scary movie lol if they come over this weekend ..... mommy i love you ..... ( tee-hee that should get ' er done ) 
ok fine your not short ..... your fun-size right lol 
woke up feeling NOTHING like P-Diddy lol . sammi was on the couch with me and < PROPFEMALE > was on the chair . we fell asleep watchin < PROPFIRST > Helsing . sammi left her phone outside all night so me , her , and < PROPFEMALE > had to walk all over my yard in the rain to go find it . lol nut it still works !! she is sooo lucky cuz if i did that my phone would be COMPLETLY ruined . 
is very tired for some reason !!! legs hurt like heck . im having to take break from taekwondo which reeeaaalllyyyy sucks !!! but its supposed t help . :-( tear cnt run or jum either . man i cant do anything i mean ya might as well get me a wheel chair and call me crippled . lol < PROPFEMALE > sad 
... you did what ?! .... with WHO ??! ..... for how many cookies ????!!!!!! lol just LOVE it . its < PROPFEMALE > funny . 
sooooooooooooooooooo bored . lol anyway .... um yeah thats about it . bored , and listening to breaking benjarmin which by the way is my new FAVORITE band .... in case you hadnt noticed . lol 
wishes us all luck at the try-outs next friday . i probably wont make it but its worth the shot right ?? 
ooohhhhh what a day ......... a very boring day . gosh i sound horrible ........ ah well . lol ily 
greattt ..... 7th grade .... gosh i feel old .... ah well . ha ha ! hate that schools out cuz i aint got nothin to do . txt me if ya got my number and if you ont then your wierd . jk . :-) 
is in love with theirry .... and night world ... 
summers here !!!!! ..... it can go away now . its toooo hot ! well if you are < PROPFEMALE > phillips or < PROPFEMALE > chaney you nee to text me so we can see each other BEFORE next year please . 
hhhhhhhhhhhhhheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy yall !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! guesss whhhattttttttttttt ????????????????????! 
kinda tired , had so much fun at camp ! rrreeeally want to go to blume next summer . that would be sooo cool . CANT WAIT CUZ I GET TO GO HOME IN A WEEK OR TWO !!!!!! it means i going to rockford , IL . we going shopping and i get to see grandpa again , well see ya later . Txt Me ~ * ~ 
is tired as ever ...... 
thinks dreams are todays answers to tomorrows questions . 
just got home from Illinois ! had some fun but its good to be home . lol 
school starts August 11 . ugh seems like summer wasnt even here ... man !!!!! this sucks . lol text me cuz im board and want to talk to someone .. 
Just when you learn the game of life all the rules change over night , its so dangerous to play it safe , you get what you want by giving it away , not everything is what it seems , its never just one meaning , when life starts to make sense the world is upside down again , your trying so hard to be someone else when all you nee is t be yourself . \ 
\ 
~ Go Figure ~ 
life is a little boring at the moment ... not much happen except school but its still going so i guess thats all the matters .... puttin my schedule on facebook monday so yall tell me if i have classes with you !! 
wishes hours flew by like seconds * tick tock tick tock * , wishes all your prolems would be fixed just by the tap of a finger , and there was such a thing as your own little world * but bigger * tired as ever cuz i stayed and emilys with sami and didnt get to sleep till 3:30 lol moms were not happy ... 
homeroom-wilson\ 
1st-wilson\ 
2nd-long\ 
3rd-davis\ 
4th-trimble\ 
5th-wilson\ 
6th-ethridge\ 
7th-hawkins\ 
anybody got me ?????? please ??? 
well first day back to school was confussing as heck !!! and since when does mrs. boone have 7th grade for 1st period ???? lol anyway glad to see all my friends again and hopin they liked seeing me too . lol i understand if ya didnt lol . 
well im .... soar ..... very very soar . i dont know what to do anymore , lol , ah well . everythings happenin this week its just plain crazy so ima probably gonna go back to sleep now . LOVE YALLL !!!!!! night ! 
shes a wild one .... with an angels face . shes a womens child in the state of grace . she was three years old on her daddys knee he said you can be anythin you wanna beeeee !!!!! she a wild one runnin free !!! \ 
Love that song !!! 
me and < PROPFEMALE > are sittin on the couch listenin to Ne-Yo lol text us !!!! 
Lol my birthday is in two days . so is like 4 of my friends cuz their bdays are the same as mine . moms bday is today . football plus taekwondo plus 7th grade omg im gonna go crazy before its over . lol well ......... yeah thats about it . see ya !!!!!! &-) 
Lol thanks yall for the birthday wishes . D: kinda had a suckish bday cuz i wasnt feeling good but momma is taking me shopping tomorrow so i guess it makes up for it . hahaha 
Well im hurtin like crazy cuz yesterday me , momma , evron , papa , and grandma all pulled fence yesterday from about 7 to 1:30 and i gotts some scratches and moma got some bruises but i did surprise my self cuz i was ACTUALLY working . hahahahaha KrAzY right ??? 
ooohhhh my goshs !!!!!! im tired !!! went line dancing with < PROPFEMALE > , mom , evron , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > yesterday then spent the night at < PROPFEMALE > s , then went home and went to evrons first football game and < PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > s mom , cherakie , < PROPFIRST > , and brooklyn and then they all left so < PROPMALE > came and me , him , and my parents < PROPMALE > out and watched the game , then went to the old car show thingy and finally home ..... hahahaha 
SOOOO upset !!!!! the collage i want to go to is NIU ( Northern Illinois University ) right ? okay well in 7th grade we have to do these things called ILPs and i looked for a creative writing program and DEKELB DOESNT HAVE ONE !!!!! : , -( tear ..... 
Haha hey anyone good at chemistry ?? 
Morning peoples !! Lol 
Lol sittin on the bus going to school . < PROPFIRST > updated his status to this and said he was sittin next to me so i just had to clarify it . Hahaha 
Morning everyboby !!!! I am so tired .. Lol . 
I'm not trying to be self-centered , but i have a funny looking jacket that makes you hug yourself . I bet you're jealous .... 
Mornin . :-( people got me up this mornin just to go to walmart ..... still tired probably gonna go back to sleep . Haha 
I'd put something clever here , but you wouldn't get it . &-) haha i win !!! 
Finds it odd and very sad how everyday adults walk passed thses kids who are smoking and they act like they dont even care . :-( I mean seriously they need to watch a little closer cuz one day that could be their kid ..... 
Offically knows why they make white crayons !!! Its an excuse to have a white sharpie !! 
Going dress shoppin with momma and grandma !!!! LOL this should be fun ...... jk love ya momma ! 
If the world depended on me doing just one chore a day .... we'd all die . 
Life is a dream . The hardest part is waking up to reality . 
Dance is tomorrow so i gotta clean my room when i get home ... :-( lol ..... 
Im tired .... end of story . 
SAMUELS PHONE TALKS !!!!! :-( why cant mine do that ?? 
Hahaha love the song \turn on the radio\ " by < PROPFEMALE >!!!" 
Lol never ... i repeat .... NEVER wear a white shirt and make a chocolate cake ... ;-) tee-hee .... 
Omigod !!! I dont know how you people with fake nails text ! My keys arent big enough ! :-( 
Lol seeing old friends and bringing back those memories and laughing to yourself thinkin \Gosh we were idiots ! \ " hahahahahahaha ! " 
Dont hate me cuz im blonde . Hate me cuz im smarter than YOU ! 
I LOVE YOU !!!!! Like this if you love me too ! Comment and say dislike if you REALLY LOVE ME !!! HAHAHAHAH 
Okay im sticking to Sonic Javachillers !!! That coffee crap momma and daddy drink is horrible ! No offence mommy . 
Lol < PROPFIRST > is undressing his orange juice ..... lol he forgot to refrigerate it so he thinks hes gonna die .... 
Lol just made tons and tons apple juice at grandma's house . Gonna smell like apples for months . :-) 
This ol ' house is all protected by the good Lord and a gun , and you might ' em both if ya show up here not welcome son ;-) 
Me and brooklyn feed the camel and it tried to eat my hair !!!!! Tee-hee\ 
btw , brookyln is my new sister !!! 
Its cold outsides !!!!!!!! I-s gots my hoodie on !!!!! 
Daddys friends came down from illinois ... cant really figure out what to do in a small town like cadiz , ky . any suggestions ?? 
BOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CANT WAIT FOR HALLOWEEN !!!! any suggestions on a costume ? idk what to be . 
sooo tired .... tryin to go outside and do something but all i do is come back in ... lol i sound so in shape !!!!! * sarcasm * well i'll probably go jump on the trampoline for a while or just go to sleep . c ya ! 
Dares you o post your biggest blonde moment below ... TEE-HEE !!!!!!!!! 
QI love how today in church we prayed for rain and as soon as i got home it started pouring down rain . :D so for all you people who think praying doesnt w 
Qork think again .. 
A blonde and a brunette are hanging from a < PROPMALE > . A boy comes and can only pick one to save . He picks the blonde so she claps . :-) 
hahaha love that stuff they give you before surgrey that makes you all laughy and gigglely !!! lol i dont remember it all that well but mom said i had her and grandma crying cuz they were laughing so hard . Lol thanks for everyone who prayed for me cuz it went very well but now yall just nee to pray i get off the couch ... 
When your a reader your a believer . When your a writer you make people believe . 
still feeling sick . feels kinda funny to breath and my nurse/mommy left before i even got up . :,( ima go either fall asleep or play on the computer . 
Playing euchre with mom , dad , and evron and yet so tired so me and mom are losing but thats also because we dont get it and its daddys game . 
ITS < PROPFEMALE > PRETTY OUTSIDE !!!!!!........ from my bedroom window under the covers ..... tee-hee 
BOOK CLUB !!!!! \ 
Middle Schoolers :\ 
< PROPFIRST > Chaney and I have offically almost started a book club for the middle school . If you are interested like this post . If you have questions comment and ask them . We will be sending home letters about later . But you need to ACTUALLY WANT TO READ !!!! NO SLACKERS !!!! :) \ 
-Z 
Extremely < PROPFEMALE > and dark out here and moms tryin to drive . :( dont none of yall try and drive it in too !!!!!!!!! 
..... oh .... my .... goodness ..... Dallas < PROPMALE > and Shannyn Sossamon named their kid Audio Science .... 
fOkay i need help . I've been having a thing for writin lately and i need 7 cars that guys and girls would both love to drive . ( i only need names but if yo 
fu actaully want to give the car to me , i dont think mom and dad would mind . ) 
Im going shopping with Cooperville and my's momma !!!!!! in Clarksville !!!! 
i dont know if i really like the new profile pic but momma said i was pretty so yeah . 
In the pageant tomorrow so y'all need to come watch me !!!! Hahahahaha it's at 1:30 in the little theater . 
Finally heading to the pageant .... ughh !.... that was crazy .... 
Goin to the rodeo with the fam , tayler , < PROPFEMALE > , skybug , and maybe < PROPFEMALE > . Haha should have fun 
Hahahahhahahhahha !!!!!!!!!!! Tayler just got touched by the huge bear and it rubbed her head !!!!!! Im crying and she kept saying \kylie dont let it touch me !! \"" 
So tired .... sleep just wont come . :( 
Hahahhaha IM EATIN PANCAKES !!!! Bet yall cant say that at 8:30 ...... hahah 
hmmmm ....... dont really know whats on my mind . watchin Pretty Little Liars ... hahahaha im addicted to that show .... and eat popcorn and drinkin an RC . its rain ut the weather feels so good so im upset i cant go outside ..... hmmm .... guess there was something on my mind . tee-hee 
Ive had about four songs stuck in my head today and once i get a new one i want the last one and cant remember it . :( 
What < PROPFEMALE > do .... what < PROPFEMALE > do .... \ 
Kinda tired and bored out of my mind . Any suggestions ? 
Book club and taekwondo today !!! And its raining .... should be a good day ! :p :) 
Watchin the lighting !!!!..... sigh .... i love it .... 
Holy cow ....... its sooooo bad out here ................ 
YOU CANT SEE THE ROAD !!!! 
 ? «And we're stuck . We is headed towards lindas until we can see the road but we aint like going to her house . Hit the sitch and we parked when we got out . 
 ? «So just sittin here . 
Sittin with < PROPFIRST > . Lol he was lookin at my last status so i thought i should change it . 
I will not bow ! I will not break ! I will shut the world away ! \ 
Lol love that song 
Eatin popcorn !!!!!!!!!!!!!! yes things are going great ..... lol 
Im barely hangin oooonnn\ 
so if i fallll , will ya let meh down easy ? 
If a dream is a wish your heart makes , then what the heck is a nightmare ?? 
It matters ... oh it matters to < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Ohhh what a lazy day ..... did absolutely nothing ... except me and mom went to the hardware store but that was about it . Momma and Daddy put in the counter top and even though it wasnt the color i pictured when mom said black , i have to say once they redo the backsplash i think its gonna look good . :) 
< PROPFIRST > has his < PROPFIRST > bieber mask on !!! Hahah 
Its so coooldddd !!!!!!! yet it was so warm that one day .... :(( 
Morning everyone !!!!!!! 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are gonna throw paint filled balloons at ceiling fans !!! 
We're like fair and gasoline . We're no good for each other . 
We're like fair and gasoline . Your no good for me . Im no good for you . 
Its a good day yall !!!! 
Just played badmitten with the momma and have been staring at this screen forever tryin to find something to do so now my eyes hurt :(( 
Tired . Going to fall asleep on the couch watchin ghost adventures AGAIN ... my normal weekend habit ... 
So so lazy .... don't think I'm gettin off the couch today tee < PROPFEMALE > 
Pretty girls turn heads ... Me and my girls BREAK NECKS !!!!!! :) 
Yall dont even realize how boring it is in little ol ' cadiz . And especially at my house . 
Grrrr ...... he never told us how to use two variables ..... :( 
Its national kick butts day !!!!! So yall better put down those cigarettes !!!! :) 
Wont be able to eat till 1pm and didnt eat breakfast or dinner yesterday and for lunch yesterday i barely ate . What the heck people ?! 
GOING HOME !!!! That phrase has never sounded so good ... 
Headin to Em's bonfire ! Gonna be fun :D 
Bored ... just woke up ... text me yall 
Ragonfly\ 
Deech\ 
Hish\ 
Squish\ 
Wiger\ 
Katipillar\ 
Dorse 
The worst bed in the history of beds .... 
Daddy and my little brother aree watching Step Brothers ..... should be interesting ... 
My purse smells like sea food .... i havent even been near sea food .... 
Another fire ?? Whoa we got like a bunch around this area . This is like the fourth one recently . 
Kind of a crappy day to go to Nashville but us girls is headin over there ! 
It's cross dresser day at school ... whoa .... 
If heaven wasn't so far away .... 
I hate being productive .... my house of cards keeps falling down !!! :( 
Oh our mothers ..... ya gotta love ' em . Lol especially when your compare them with your cousins who happen to be the daughters of your mothers sister . Haha love you guys !!!!! 
Man i gotta go to Nashville in this crap .... :( 
Its offical . The wnedys in eddyville is the best ever . ( that maybe be just cuz im really hungry though ) 
