Ahh this is killing me 

Who else agrees with me that < PROPFIRST > Freemon's voice can cure insomnia . 
Senior thesis sucks so much !! 
Just got done watching the season premiere of 24 , Simply put its amazing 
I am a whole new level of bored 
To everyone in tremonton : I just heard about < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s car accident and if anyone is going to the skatepark in honer of < PROPFIRST > I really would really appreciate it if you would show his mom some respect for me and let her know I wish I could be there and would also appreciate it if someone could find a way for me to send some money to help her and roberts family out . Thanks 
Just got my acceptance to UNM looks like I am going to collage after all LOL 
For fans of Halo , you really need to check out Halo legends its sweet and makes me want a halo movie so bad 
Procrastinating on my thesis homework . Don't know if that's the best idea 
wow , the exorcism of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > might be one of the creepiest movies I have ever seen 
Hey everybody planning on doing something thursday probly a movie . If you want too come let me know 
Movies tomorrow around 11:00 if you want to come . 
Shutter Island at 12:30 today feel free to invite anyone you want 
< PROPFEMALE > .., shutter island is like the entire season of lost mixed in with the randomness of family guy and a little bit of AP history . My head hurts and I am still confused 
uhhhhhhh book report 
I freaken love the lyrics to this song they are powerfull and intense Big Wiggly Style by the devil wears prada part 1 : Condemned My regret is not writing more for you , Lord As this ocean comes to be deeper Our vessel becomes less stable Look to the sky [ Encourage the elements of God ] Rather than the jars that contain them [ If only the ingredients of man were of such elements ] If only , 
part 2 : read part 1 first if only With great horror , I admit that we all live off the lust and misfortune of others All live off the lust and misfortune of others This is vision , not contradiction I see greed in the face of a priestAnd deterioration in the walls of cathedrals , CathedralsWhat was right , now wrong Casts a cold reflection on < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPFEMALE > on < PROPFEMALE > Look to the sky 
Yesssss I am finally done good night every 
Live each day to the fullest . Day by day , step by step remember not to take anything for granted For small steps can be just as important as the big ones 
I believe in me , I believe in you and I believe that we are not meaningless quote : We came as Romans 
YESSSSSSSSS I AM DONE WITH THE THESIS AND AM SO HAPPY NOW 
modern warfare 2 whoo hoo 
Being sick and having to go and do chores really sucks 
Mmmmmmm I love Bacon it is so delicous 
Mmmmmmmmmmmm Food 
War of ages , As I Lay Dying , Blessthefall and Demon < PROPMALE > next friday I cant wait 
Halo reach beta may 3rd = epic day 
< PROPFEMALE > Blessthefall , As I Lay Dying and War of Ages were all awesome . Demon < PROPMALE > not so much 
Halo Reach Beta Tomorrow Cant wait 
Ahhhhhh shaving cream everywhere 
Watching descent part 2 it's pretty good so far creepy just like the first one 
Man it's kinda chilly outside 
ahhh I love the family guy < PROPFEMALE > wars spoofs 
Wow that was long and I almost tripped that would have < PROPMALE > bad 
Just waiting here at the airport getting ready to head off to Utah I hate airports 
Watching UP and am loving it 
My left tonsil is swollen so bad and hurts just as bad anyone have any tips 
Ok I have a fever this sucks but I am going to win this fight bring it virus bring it 
Well its official I am now an adult 
So very bored 
Watching the lost season finale so far it is very good and is answering a whole slew of questions thank god 
Ok lost is finally over for six years I have wanted to know what the heck was going on and now I know and my head no longer feels like I have two circus clowns bopping around in there . That is a good feeling 
just got a new laptop its < PROPFEMALE > nice 
Ha ha got to pack sun was first in line and got a 60 dollar pair of headphones for free I love it yesssssssss . 
I love Bacon :) 
Watching precious , never heard so many F words in one scene before 
Mmmmmmmmm pizza 
Going to see < PROPMALE > of Persia can't wait 
Off to some temp agencies to hopefully get an extremely temporary job wish me luck . 
< PROPFEMALE > I have been thinking it is hard to find an extremely temporary job so mabye I should return home earlier then I was planning So I have more time to find a job . I dont know 
Rule # 1 Cardio\ 
\ 
Rule # 2 Double Tap\ 
Rule # 3 Beware of Bathrooms\ 
Rule # 4 Seatbelts 
Watching the fourth kind by myself at 1:00 with all the lights off this will be interesting 
Wow that movie was freaken creapy though all of it was fake it messes with your head big time 
Watching all three lord of the rings movies with the directors cut it's going too be a long night 
Heres to that special person who can always put a smile on your face 
Anybody have orientation july 20 - 21 
Watching transmorphers it's hysterical 
I am the level of bored where even stuff that is supposed to be fun is boring . What is wrong with that picture 
Mmmmmmmmm ..... Cinnabon cinnamon rolls 
Going swimming tonight for the first time in years 
Had an awesome time swimming with my Utah buddies thanks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and Colten 
Well I return home tonight then it's job searching , great 
Got settled in , Spent some time with an amazing girl , ate crab , steak , shrimp and took a nice little nap . All in all today was great . Now tomorrow starts job searching 
Feeling overwhelmed about paying for college I really hope I can get a stable job and soon otherwise I dont know if I can save enough :( 
I will never let you fall \ 
I'll stand up with you forever\ 
I'll be there for you through it all \ 
Even if saving you sends me to heaven\ 
- Red Jumpsuit Apparatus 
My dog is a gold digger 
Feeling so stressed out , life can get so complicated yet I know I have it easy compared to alot of people but still . 
I love Netflix instant streaming 
Mmmmmmm top ramin I feel my arteries clogging as I type this 
So very bored who wants to go do something 
I forgot how much I love froot loops :) 
The Book of < PROPMALE > has got to be one of the best movies I have ever seen 
Wow , The actor < PROPFIRST > Wahlberg is actually a really good golfer 
I think that hollywood should make a friends movie especially since the series is the best ever . 
A nice piece of steak sounds < PROPFEMALE > good right now 
Crap have to go put more apps in today 
Well tonight totally fell through the roof lol 
Getting a hair cut 
Fallout 3 game of the year edition = Yes :) 
So I decided not too go to warped tour even though I have wanted to go to one ever since I was like 11 . Because I need to focus more on job searching , O well there is always next year 
I am so very confused 
Going to go see the A-Team sunday around 7 everyone welcome 
Nothing beats a nice shower 
Watching lie to me one of the better tv shows out there 
Ok so lately I have been watching alot of post-apocalyptic world movies and playing alot of post-apocalyptic world games . Is that weird lol 
Change of plans instead of the A-Team we are going to see grown ups everyone is still invited 
Wow I am a geek I just bought the first three halo game soundtracks and am thinking about getting the rest . 
Man I wish I could play the piano , mabye I should learn 
Man my head hurts so bad curse you sumo wrestler suits 
Gotta love this new mexico weather 
Watching the green zone :) 
The green zone was really good and the end was a real nail biter 
Never mind on the movie if you were planning on going today everyone has plans maybe another time 
Listening to oh , sleeper and am enjoying It :) 
I hear fireworks 
Well off too Hastings to hopefully get a job interview wish me luck 
Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm chicken and stuffing O so happy right now 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh so bored 
Good night everyone 
Good news i have two interviews coming up one for hastings on thursday and one for subway on monday 
Hey does any one know where the sagebrush community church youth group goes on 
Here's to the people going to warped you lucky pricks 
I got my tomtom today no more will I be lost when I need to find a place ha ha ha 
Well off to Hastings for a job interview , if everything goes well hopefully I will have a job by next week . Wish me luck 
Whoo hoo i just got the crazies from netflix cant wait to watch it 
Yesss that went well and it looks like I will be getting a job at Hastings 
The crazies was really good it's like a mixture of resident evil , < PROPFEMALE > of the dead and outbreak put in one nicely wrapped package with that dude from live free or die hard presenting it . :) 
Just watched the crazies again and loved it again 
Going to see death at a funeral here pretty soon cant wait plus i get to see some friends i have not seen in a long time :) 
Decided to watch another movie lol i love the dollar theater 
Had a blast with < PROPFEMALE > hart and westley cottam :) 
Is thinking about having a zombie movie marathon 
Boredom is setting in once again ahhhhhhhhh 
Wow the sunset is amazing tonight 
There is nothing more relaxing to listen too then the halo soundtracks 
I hate fixing old computers that don't like running new software ahhhhhhhhh 
Hey everyone got a message from one of my friends saying to watch a video thing that apparently 99% of people can't watch don't go to it when you do it automatically sends it to all of your friends and I believe there is a virus in it . Just letting you know 
Ha ha my dog is freaking out from the fireworks so much that he tried to escape by jumping through the fence and got stuck and I had to get him out . 
Good Night everyone job interview at Subway and a whole day with < PROPFEMALE > Farrell cant wait 
That went well it looks like I will be getting a job at either Hastings or Subway . Or hopefully both 
Is watching Red vs . Blue and re-living old memories before everything got complicated 
Had an amazing night plus I have an entire chicken in the fridge to eat mmmmmmmmm 
Just realized that I have nothing to do tomorrow so why was I going to bed 
In fear and faith yes 
Had an amazing time with < PROPFEMALE > Farrell last night , Even though she went all she-hulk on my pack of gum and totally destroyed it lol 
I realized tonight that i should not play basketball because i suck 
Going in to Hastings tomorrow to talk about my interview and I pray that I get the job I am so tired of not having anything to do 
I am participating in one of the biggest console wars I have ever participated in 
Is watching the tv show kings and cant stop 
Ok I watched two discs I think I am going to bed now goodnight everyone 
Crap why did I do it , I put in the third disc and cant stop watching again ahhhhhhhhhhh 
Is wondering what to do until 4 
Well i did not get the job at hastings which kinda ruined my day but there is still subway 
Rockband two is fun i may buy it eventually 
Had a good time with < PROPFEMALE > hart and westley cottam attempting to play rockband 
Well I am going to eat some clam chowder and then head to bed good night everyone 
Sometimes the simplest things can be the most rewarding why complicate life when it does not need to be 
Yes predators comes out tomorrow I want to see that < PROPFEMALE > bad 
Just got done watching the exorcism of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > which is probably one of the only movies I have seen that gives me creepy chills 
Goodnight everybody 
Cool just got an interview at wal mart :) 
Man , today sucks 
Just watched she's out of your league . It's funny 
Thinking .................. 
Just watched a bunch of reviews from the predators movie and I want to watch it even more now 
Loves it when people camp and noob tube in modern warfare 2 and make me angry , then I do the same and give them a taste of their own medicene 
Nine days until orientation 
I love the feeling after you do some hard work and your tired but are happy to be done 
I would rather have a few friends that know alot about you and would help you out with anything then a bunch of friends that only know your name and might help you 
I decided to finally try and get a nuke in modern warfare 2 and only needed 2 more kills and died from a claymore I was furious I will get it for sure tommorow 
Good night everyone wish me luck tommorow I have my second interview at wal mart and subway 
How I wish I could help . \ 
How I wish I could take all the pain away . \ 
But I feel like this is something you need to fight through yourself . \ 
So I will pray that everything will be ok . \ 
I will always be here for you . through thick and thin . Sunshine or not , I'm here . 
Well I am going to be working at subway 
Listening to halo soundtracks and playing modern warfare 2 does it get any better then this lol 
O by the way everyone should know that xbox 360 > PS3 yup its true just ask < PROPMALE > gates 
Yesterday I pre ordered my copy of Halo reach and yes I got the legendary edition and can't wait . 
Mmmmmmmmm .......... Beef top ramen 
It's about time they stopped the oil leak 
I am so ready for college , never have I actually gotten bored of summer 
What Happened ? \ 
Not a day went by we didnt talk . Now the days seem to be longer because what seemed like hours before our last conversation has turned into days . 
Man today is going to be a slightly busy day 
I forgot how much I love < PROPMALE > they really are a unique sounding band 
Anybody want to go do something tonight 
The old screamer from of mice and men sounds just like the screamer from the devil wears prada 
I think I will eat something mabye some type of meat then possibly go see predators later tonight 
Hey everyone going to see preditors tonight at 7:40 your welcome to join 
Once again seeing preditors at 7:40 everyone welcome cottonwood mall 
Ha ha my dog stole my sandwich and ran off 
Today is my first day of work and all I can think about is if I get a free sandwich or not lol 
Well off to work for the first time wish me luck 
Not a bad first day plus i got a four dollar tip 
Man I freaking love working at subway it's so much better than McDonalds 
Crap I have to go to orientation tomorrow 
Orientation is boring so far 
So tired can not wait to go home 
Finally home it was not too bad but I am exhausted 
Just got my classes done which brings me one step closer to being ready for college , ya 
I only work 2 hours tomorrow how lame is that 
Fact : less then 10% of college students at unm are in engineering and less then 25% of those students are girls thats alot of dudes 
ensemble music may be the best type of music mabye even better then metal and alternative 
Wow < PROPMALE > rain 
Just watched the losers it was amazing but really short 
Bored !! That is all 
It is so lame having to go to work for only 2 hours 
Nice boondock saints 2 is on netflix view it now 
I smell like vinegar and oil , curse you subway 
Wow biggest rain storm in a while 
Heading home after a relaxing night 
So very tired , Bring it on day 
Extremely exhausted 
Ok so i got home took a shower and then took a nap and now my hair is out of control 
So tired hate waking up early 
Its awesome getting ready for work driving all the way to work just to find out you will be working closing instead of opening 
An extremely tiring day the air conditioning was not working today at work so it was freaken hot all day it was seven and a half hours of an average of 90 degree heat with the peak being 94 and thats not even the temp it was by the oven . 
Having a great day so far 
Really wants to play rockband 2 right now 
Lindsay\ 
Lohan , 24 , \ 
gets her name and face all over the news because she went to\ 
jail . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , 23 , \ 
< PROPFIRST > Linley , 29 , \ 
... < PROPFIRST > Weikert , 29 , \ 
Justus \ 
Bartett , 27 , \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , 21 , \ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , 21 , \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 26 , \ 
< PROPFIRST > \ 
< PROPMALE > , 21 , \ 
< PROPMALE > Fisher , 24 , \ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , 23 , \ 
< PROPFIRST > Goeke , \ 
23 , \ 
and < PROPMALE > Tate , 27 , \ 
all gave their lives FOR YOU this week . Honor \ 
THEM by reposting this 
Yes I was one of the few that didnt pre-order the new medal of honor to get a beta key nice 
So medal of honor is fun but I dont think modern warfare 2 is going to have to worry 
Well I am exausted good night everyone 
Here I go\ 
Scream my lungs out\ 
Try to get to you\ 
You are my only one\ 
I let go\ 
There's just no one that gets me like you do\ 
You are my only , my only one\ 
- Yellowcard 
Man my hours were cut this week :( 
Watching last years shark week on netflix :) 
listening to basshunter and playing modern warfare 2 is super relaxing for some reason 
Today is toasty 
Kinda in the mood to go to the movies tonight text me if anyone wants to go 
Hates it when you start listening to a band that you used to listen too , because you forgot how awesome they were . Then you find out they broke up 
Watching zoolander and i forgot how funny it is 
So bored cant wait for school to start is there something wrong with that lol 
Going to see the a-team at ten at the dollar theater , if you can make it you are welcome to join and invite whoever you like 
I think a movie is being filmed by the cabezon right now 
So dishonestly\ 
Leave a note\ 
For you , my only one\ 
And I know you can see right through me\ 
So let me go and you will find someoneHere I go\ 
There's just no one , no one like you\ 
My only one\ 
Made my mistakes , let you down\ 
And I can't , I can't hold on for too long\ 
Ran my whole life in the ground\ 
And I can't , I can't get up when you're goneAnd something's breaking up ( breaking up)\ 
I feel like giving up\ 
I won't walk out until you knowHere I go\ 
There's just no one who gets me like you do\ 
You are my only , my only one 
Broken this fragile thing now\ 
And I can't , I can't pick up the pieces\ 
And I've thrown my words all around\ 
But I can't , I can't give you a reasonI feel so broken up ( so broken up)\ 
And I give up ( I give up ) \ 
I just want to tell you so you knowHere I go\ 
2 hour shifts are pointless 
Ah freedom 
Tomorrow is going to be a busy day as I atempt to figure out the bus routes to UNM with < PROPFEMALE > Hart 
Good Night everyone 
Wow being on hold sucks and the music does not help and why must they make it sound like you are in an elevator that takes forever to get to your stop . repitition repitition 
Well I did it got my classes and everything else sorted out well kinda 
Just got done watching kick-ass all I have to say is that hit girl is crazy and there better be a sequel 
How come there is not a dislike button on here I mean not everything is likable 
Just watched the trailer for let me in which has the girl that played hit girl in kick-ass and it looks crazy she is like a physco killer girl that needs blood to live , looks kinda creepy 
Is anyone else getting sick of woman you dont know sending you a message asking you to talk to them via yahoo messenger I have gotten like 3 or 4 invites like that just this month its retarted . Firstly I am not going to respond because I know its a scam of sometype secondly odds are its a guy on the other end which is flat out creepy and lastly most of these woman look to be in their twenties I think I will pass 
Yes halo reach comes out in 1 month and 3 days I can not wait anymore it looks so good 
I realized tonight that i am really getting sick of multiple stuff and mabye its time for a change 
And mabye it's time to accept the things that are not going my way . No matter how hard that may be or how much heartache I will go through 
Going to see inception today with < PROPFEMALE > hart and Westley Cottam people say its supposed to be good so hopefully I enjoy it despite the fact I cant stand < PROPMALE > decaprio 
Hates it when you are having an awesome dream just to realize it was not real when you wake . 
Yes I did it I finally got my first nuke and it was in a legite way 
Getting a new phone and switching to sprint good bye terrible at and t 
UNM tommorow work the next day then college starting monday ahhh its so close that sucks 
Watching the chronicles of riddick and cant wait for the next one to come out 
The question is would you even miss me if I did not go . Hmmmmm ......... 
Feel so tired right now 
Four more days until school starts crap . 
Hey everyone I have got my new phone , my number is the same but I do not have anyones < PROPFIRST > in it yet so please send me a text so I can put your < PROPFIRST > in my phone thanks 
Man this phone is amazing 
Just had to clean up poop in the bathroom stupid people who does that especially at subway ahhhh 
I slept so good last night , I loved it 
Hates it when one of the only good friends you have has pretty much broke all communication 
Fire equals hot . True story 
Here are some of the things . Honesty , caring for people , living life not just for yourself and the exact opposite of the things above . That is what makes a man . Just my thoughts at the moment 
What makes a man a man ? Ill tell you , The level of control over a woman does not make a man a man , just beacause he can get her to say yes to anything and live in fear does not make him a man . Also lazyness does not make a man a man the classic concept where the woman does all of the cooking and cleaning is BS men have arms and legs it does not hurt to help a little bit . Now what does make a man ? 
First day of school tomorrow wish me luck 
Any one that is going to be catching the rapid ride at ellison , the parking lot is full . So park in sams club , best buy or borders parking lots 
Bored waiting for my next class to start only 1 hour and 48 minutes left 
Really that is pretty sweet 
Power is out again because of the rain 
First day of college = freakin easy 
Day two bring it on 
Hates long lines 
So tired and would like to sleep now 
Cool they have sushi here 
Man what a busy week but all in all was pretty easy 
Hates in when you start talking to a friend again after they stopped communication and then they drop off the planet again 
College books equal expensive 
Just got home with goods from subway that make me go yay . I love working at subway 
Just saw one of the most beautiful girls on the bus and have decided that next time I see her I must talk to this girl 
Wow its already almost Thursday my weeks have never gone by so fast 
Sitting on the bus and I realized how ready I am to try the whole dating thing :) 
Upset 
May have a slight case of food poisoning 
Only four more days :) 
Hates it when the girl you really like does not feel the same way but in the end all I care about is her happiness 
Halo reach comes out in three days and I couldn't be more excited 
Going to go to the launch of halo reach monday night if anyone wants to join let me know 
HALO REAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
Tonight is going to be epic 
In line to get reach only an hour left yessss 
Halo reach = game of the year for sure 
Homework = pretty easy at the moment which is nice 
Really starting to get into bands like breaking < PROPMALE > , sick puppies and skillet 
Watching unm kareoke its like American auditions still funny but without the criticism 
So yesterday pretty much sucked got in a minor car accident , had a terribly busy day at work and missed a math quiz ahhhh o well today is a new day 
Hates it when programs that you are making decide not to work and be a pain 
Last night was fun . Played football with a toy football in the subway parking lot and < PROPMALE > out with my subway buddies 
About to watch let me in with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > can't wait 
Best night I have had in a while 
Yay fall break :) 
girls = one of the most confusing things ever 
Really happy right now :) 
9 hour shift bring it on 
who is going to be living at the lobo village next year 
Looking for one more person to be my room mate at the lobo village next year so far its me , < PROPFIRST > Sutton and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > let me know if you are interested . 
What to do today hmmm o homework how exciting 
So stressed out right now I have never been so down 
Never have I had so much trouble figuring someone out . All I can say is I can not wrap my head around you and throw me a freaking bone . For I am lost 
I've got these feelings and truthfully have no idea if you feel the same but if you do just tell me please if not I don't care I just need to know 
Who really wants to go shopping on black friday \Long Pause\ " \ 
Who wants to do something tonight 
All\ 
Facebook users are encouraged to change their profile images with \ 
images of their favorite childhood cartoons/animes . This campaign is to \ 
support the awareness on violence against children . Until Monday , \ 
December 6 , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion \ 
of memories . This campaign will last until December 6 
Portfolio why cant you just write yourself its not that difficult . 
This steelers game is a freakin joke . The refs are not doing what they should be doing 
Last day of classes then finals I can't wait to be done 
I think I did really good on my math final and am so happy 
Yes it is finally snowing that makes me so happy 
8 Hour shift here I come 
It bugs me how alot of men treat girls these days . And why dont women mind when all guys tell them is how sexy or fine looking they are . I am sorry but to me that is meaningless and makes it seem like all guys care about is how hot someone is . It really bugs me I think words like beautiful and gorgeous define a woman much better and probly makes the girl feel alot better then to be lusted after , Just a thought . 
Just got the new haste the day and underoath cds and I dont know which one I like more . 
I really want a friends movie no series deserves it more . 
Only half a year until I will be living by myself its hard to imagine 
I am kinda upset with the new resident evil . The plot didnt make sense and they used every excuse they could to shove the fact that it was made for 3-D in your face with crap constantly flying at the screen . End rant ..... 
Watching castle , by far one of the best shows ever 
Excited for red's new cd 
Finally getting a haircut today . I definitely need one 
Just finished watching Easy A and have to say that it is easily one of the best movies of 2010 . 
Ya go steelers 
So ready to return to school only two more days\ 
Thank God 
Ha ha ya that's right suck it patriots 
Steelers vs . Jets next week I love it 
Just found out I will have to get my wisdom teeth out sometime this semester that sucks 
Anybody taking psych 105 this semester 
Black ops sucks 
O man wisdom teeth suck 
STEELERS !!!!! 
Yesssssss super BOWL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Pittsburgh > Green Bay enough said 
It took me an hour to drive home today from work because of the snow . 
My car was egged for the second time while working at subway tonight . Its starting to get old 
ahhh good game , good job to the packers . Steelers will be back next year 
Watching Red vs Blue and reliving awesome memories 
I get my wisdom teeth out Thursday I am nervous 
I find it funny that people use malls to get exercise early in the morning 
< PROPFIRST > O < PROPMALE > is a freaking musical genius 
