Where are my fantastic photos < PROPFEMALE > ? I had to upload one for Rice and I wasn't with you ... so I used that one that we took last ... because you're awesome . 

oh , you're a scream . 
I hate that band . And chemistry . 
can I be the blue highlighter ? 
fast forward . 
first half is almost over . 
4 or 5 . That's cool . I'll take it . Even if it doesn't really count . 
29 hours ... awesome . 
finished . till monday . 
lost . then fun . then sweet . then bad . then sleep . then death by explosives . 
is thoroughly bored . Class and work seem like they'll never end .. 
thinks they're stupid colleges . Apparently they are notifying the students in them in their own way . I'm not cool with this because I want to know now . And I don't know yet . And that's not ok . This should be dealt with . 
would get put in the college that runs around half-naked two times every month . 
sorry . not half-naked . definitely naked . twice a month every month . 
I have a shiny new laptop that's pretty and has my name on it and has a fingerprint scanner and isn't yours and is really fast and nice and is all mine and awesome and did I mention it's all mine ? I'm excited . And I'm on it right now . How cool is that ? 
yay for excessively easy chem II classes ? 
I got my roommate and stuff . It was a neon green letter .. that's cool . 
Hi < PROPFIRST > . :) 
is sick . 
I want that ... that'd be fun . :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-94JhLEiN0 
is really glad chemistry is almost over and I'll never have to take another chemistry class ( unless I change to some stupid < PROPMALE > ) and it's raining . Thank God . 
loves old photos . 
needs help picking out my course . :) I have to take one each semester this next year .. I'm thinking one of the dancing ones ? :) http://courses.rice.edu/admweb/SWKSCAT.MAIN?p_action=CATASRCH&p_acyr_code=2010&p_name=LPAP&p_mode=AND 
is not a happy camper . 
is off to my last day of class and work . 
is back from the awesome beach trip . 
thinks my eyes actually look pretty tonight . 
is leaving tomorrow so I have been forced to realize just how much junk I actually possess . 
I got a low pass !! haha score . No required English course . 
moves in tomorrow . 
is not jealous of Parvaneh . After all , did she get to be led down a candlelit road by a Scottish style band that even had kilts and have fireworks and a cheering crowd greet her as she went through the process of matriculation ? No . 
is not a fan of < PROPFEMALE > . 
I did not manage to get through by the time our slot ended and I am now locked out of registration for a while . 
thinks that the unforch girl's outfit is smoking hot . :) 
has to get a new phone .. it's kinda not working .. 
is actually really excited about intro to women and gender studies after doing some of the readings . 
has finally got my computer back from IT once they accepted that it was indeed an update that windows put out that was crashing my computer . 
is waiting for my last class of the day . 
thinks physics is hard . It's hard to keep up when you just want to listen to the guy's accent . British people are cool . 
can hear Mr. Lark criticizing my circle I'm drawing for physics , so I keep fixing it ... over and over ... what am I supposed to do with the circle in the problem ? I don't really think anything . It's just a circle . It doesn't matter about scale or anything . 
has either broken my finger or I really really jammed it yesterday ... It's now bruised and swollen . 
has ordered a rug . I'm excited . 
likes quizzes when I'm supposed to be doing homework . 
is going to the beach Saturday with the coolest girls and guys at Rice . :) 
needs to make a target run . Anybody going ? 
has my new phone . I like it . Parvaneh , I will call but it is charging and I have to be somewhere at 10 . I didn't forget . 
' s scrimmage got canceled due to weather and then slept through practice . brilliant . 
Wow . Classy girls . I see . Good thing I'm loving Rice and they can't experience it too . :) 
thinks good job < PROPMALE > . That's super cute . 
is happy my rug came today .. too bad I can't get it till tomorrow because the office isn't open after 5 30 and I had practice from 4 to 6 . 
likes my rug . It's pretty .. 
has a headache . 
:) 
is glad she doesn't know me so she can't tag that photo to me . 
just did the most amazing happy dance to backstreet boys . It shall probably continue in random spurts for the next hour or so . 
will suddenly know Spanish now that my facebook is in el Español ? 
is wearing a dress . Rice , get ready for this amazingness . 
is having a long day and should proabably study , but has no motivation to do so . 
is going to become < PROPFEMALE > . It sounds like a good idea . 
is not doing so well at this tes t-t aking thing . I hope that one went okay . 
is so out of shape . I'll eventually have to suck it up and start running the outer loop . 
wishes my room had air conditioning . 
probably needs a new partner to watch < PROPFIRST > izzard with , any takers ? 
wants to run the outer-loop . That should be entertaining for anyone who wishes to join . 
is getting very good at pretending certain things don't exist , and I signed up for the high ropes course this coming sunday . :) 
is a < PROPMALE > bit sore . That \aweosme catch\ " has left my hands purple . Me running as hard as I can left my poor already weak knee struggling to get up the stairs . Yay for frisbee . :) " 
finished the physics test , not so happy about it , and then found that the next assignment was already waiting for me in my email . 
thinks washing dishes with aroma therapy soap makes your worries just disappear . 
wants it to be saturday . 
thinks KP is horrible at compromises . She suggests health services , I try to compromise by icing it , she then says do both . That's not how it works . 
both hates and loves this class . It's interesting , but I'm horrible at it . Oh and I made an appointment at health services . I hope all of you are happy . 
thanks God for chocolate truffles . 
okay maybe it's not completely losing hope but it's not looking good . 
has a lot of hope riding on Monday . 
is going skydiving tuesday . :) 
WHY AM I STILL UP WITH THIS HOMEWORK ? This is just cruel . 
has been informed by her roommate that I slept through my alarm this afternoon three times before I managed to wake up . 
for those of you I haven't talked to and care to know , the doctor thinks I'm in disgustingly good health aside from possibly having torn my ACL . I have an mri on wednesday . 
slept in a mesh cube for half an hour with my knee basically strapped in place as the machine made a whole bunch of noise . Results due monday . 
is loving this beautiful day . 
is sunburned and sleepy . 
has both good and bad news about my knee . It's a fairly long story , so just let me know if you are one of the people that care to know . 
wants you to look at my wall , click on the link , read and sign the petition to help the children . 
knows it's just a matter of making it through each day . 
doesn't like doctors . 
can't wait to play this weekend in Oklahoma !! 
hurts all over and is about to pass out pretty soon . 
... the physical therapist was concerned that I had been jumping while cheering and had walked too much on uneven ground such as grass .. 
has an awesome smile . Thanks self esteem boosting event . 
managed to completely baffle both of my computer science professors with the error my program was giving , but then again it made them debug my entire program while trying to figure it out . Maybe my computer does love me after all . 
is so bad at this computer stuff . Why do I try to put myself through this ? 
is feeling awful . Not only am I stressed beyond anything I've ever dreamed of ( with this not even being as hard as it will be ) but my knee is swollen and I have to waste my precious time getting ice . 
is going to Outreach day to play with the kids from the DePelchin's center . :) 
gets weird looks when taking the elevator to the third floor . Is that really so bad ? Why is it okay if you go to the fourth ? Do I need to wear a sign saying I'm in a lot of pain and should not be taking the stairs anyways ? 
can't wait to be home . 
likes being missed . Love you < PROPFEMALE > . I'm stoked . 
hates physics even more now that it's interfering with seeing < PROPFIRST > Ifft . 
haha best study break ever . Hell yes I dominated at that test . I'm training my catching reflexes with frisbee . :) 
:( 
needs a ride to CVS asap . Anybody have a car that can help me get my pain killers ? 
thinks that tastes absolutely disgusting . And I already have a blister forming on my hand . 
wonders if this is what it feels like to be hit by a bus . 
is moving in slow motion yet time is on fast forward . 
is happy . My parents decided to drive to < PROPMALE > for me . :) 
is getting ready for sleep . I'll see everyone after I awake from my drug induced slumber tomorrow . :) Lets hope I don't starve to death waiting for my turn at the hospital . 
Thanks everyone ! Especially those who made me cards . :) 
loves my team . They're so awesome . :) 
is in so much pain ... but has a scooter . Whada baller . 
thinks somebody must have snuck hot coals under my bandages at some point without me noticing . It's impressive . 
thinks either Dove is not very creative , or I'm receiving some kind of sign . The only wrapper I keep getting is \Open your eyes to the love around you . \"" 
has realized I'm at a school where I'm surrounded by so many dorks . I love it . 
no longer has a home phone . Just fyi for the people back home when I get back for thanksgiving . The < PROPMALE > family is going only to cell phones . 
is slightly amused and slightly ticked off . My professor wished me a good pseudo-break . I have so much stuff to do over my holiday . 
is now home . 
walked yesterday . I hurt today , but I'm on my way back . Yeah Miss Red . :) 
is dressed in my gator gear , as is the rest of the family . It's game day . 
saw Rice from my plane and knew I was back to my home away from home . 
if you are stalling doing homework , as I am , and have some < PROPFEMALE > to doodle , please let me know . I have a project I need help on . 
doesn't have any classes on Thursday ! 
oh my word ... it is actually snowing . I didn't believe it would . 
had a snowball fight . I totally won even though my opponent could run , and I could only slightly dodge . :) 
Go Gators !! 
has never looked so ... interesting . 
wants to run a half marathon . ( once I can walk/run obviously ) anyone up for it with me ? 
is so not prepared for tomorrow . Even this fort I'm now sitting in probably won't help . 
took stairs ( successfully ) for the first time in a few weeks . At least my day ended on a high note . 
is now going to be flying home on Thursday . Oh lovely parents of mine , would you not just make up your mind about what you plan to do then tell me instead of switching them all the time ? 
now possesses a beautiful new bike . 
needs a little help . I just need a few people and I'd really appreciate your time . Please click on the link below . Thanks . 
thinks I would have fit in much better in the 1800s assuming I could be a character like < PROPFEMALE > in Mansfield Park . 
is amazed at what can be accomplished when you force yourself to write for six hours straight . Now I need a hug . 
is now finished with everything . Time to have fun in the village and do as I please till I leave on Thursday . 
is heading home tomorrow afternoon . You ready < PROPFEMALE > ? ( and everyone else in Starkville who just got offended that I picked < PROPFEMALE > ) 
is watching Elf and going to have to pick out a birthday crown for bowling tomorrow . 
is very happy . Thanks for all the text messages , wall posts , single phone call , and single facebook message . Yes those last two are special . Congrats you two . It was an awesome birthday . 
has weird friends . 100 plastic balls like the play pens ? Really ? What am I going to do with those ? And then I get picked to be Baby Spice ? Psh please . I'm older , I get to be Sporty Spice . 
is in the Christmas spirit . 
is heading back to Rice on Saturday . I'll be arriving in < PROPMALE > around 5 . Anyone going to be there to get dinner ? 
Alabama , if you had to beat the Gators , at least show Texas how horrible they are . 
is back at Rice . 
is going to die this semester . Well , probably not , but it sure feels like it now . 
feels great . I actually submitted a homework assignment today that isn't due until Wednesday . This being on top of some of my work will soon fade . 
\the function stops with a whimsical and uniformative error message . \ " I think a message telling you that you should have put a number but you put a word is neither whimsical nor uniformative . " 
has never been happier to be far from petite . 
feels like a Spanish genius being able to get to level 10 of 10 on the Spanish questions on Free Rice . 
has a massive headache , thanks Austine < PROPFEMALE > . 
now wants to work at Facebook . That sounds like so much fun . 
met a really talkative hanszen alum tonight . 
so for that crazy week thing , is there a celeb I look like ? 
haha for my double can anyone do better than < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > or Lady Gaga ? :) 
was pleasantly awoken by the dysfunctional fire alarm that is only affecting my floor . 4th time it has gone of in a week and a half . Oh the joys of < PROPMALE > . 
is not happy . By moving college night , I am missing it again for ultimate . 
loves you , < PROPFEMALE > . On a related note , sometime soon I would like to make a trip to the dollar store . Anyone want to drive me there ? It's for a good cause . 
is on my way to the Mardi Gras tournament . New Orleans and Baton Rouge here I come . :) 
is about to go take the ECON 211 test that I did not study for to get to catch that callahan . :) Too bad the test is probably more important . 
is not looking forward to today's practice . 4 hours of sleep for a body that is still sore from last practice , is not enough . I may just fall in to pieces . 
really appreciates kind strangers . The guy who made my smoothie at 13th Street made my day . 
is not a big fan of programming using a sheet of paper and a pencil . I'm bad enough when the computer can tell me I'm wrong . 
is in New Orleans . If you need me , I have my phone . 
is procrastinating more than I ever thought was possible . It will be my own fault when I die from lack of sleep in the next few days . 
erin : \when is that picture from ? \ " me : \ " today ? \ " erin :\ " *bursts into laughter * I thought you guys were dressed up as convicts\ " --- nope . Just awesome cashiers . " 
is getting ready to fly out to < PROPFEMALE > for ultimate this weekend . 
is back and very tired . Now , yay homework . 
got called a southern < PROPFEMALE > . Weird . 
Beer Bike . 
is really excited about my summer job . Now to figure out where I'll live . 
is heading to < PROPFIRST > tonight . 
is back and exhausted . Probably worth it though since we won the tournament . :) 
is tired and needs sleep or caffeine to keep going . Good thing I'm working a boba tea sale tomorrow from 2:30 to 4pm tomorrow in the RMC . You should come stop by and support me and my team ! 
is so glad that it's spring recess . 
loves clean laundry . Happy Easter . 
is glad that I'll be home for < PROPFEMALE>'s graduation . I love you < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
is so fair skinned that since I forgot my hat , the top of my head is burned . I'm not about to try to put sunscreen in my hair . 
will be home by the 15th of May . Get ready Starkville . You get one whole week of my awesomeness . 
.... today is the beginning of some very very long days that have so little time . 
can't wait to see my big brother < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and have him meet all my friends here , then go home and see my friends such as < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Knox , < PROPFIRST > Linhares , and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I also wish Parvaneh Toghiani was going to be there so she'll just have to come visit me sometime this summer . It's a great day . 
is so excited < PROPMALE > is in < PROPMALE > ! 
..... amazing .... < PROPMALE > Folds in concert is a beautiful thing . 
flies home today . Time to actually pack and do laundry and such . What a drag . 
left Rice before 6 , spent a few hours at the airport , and am now back at Rice . Apparently the weather spoke to Southwest and said I could not go home tonight , try again tomorrow . 
is back in Starkville . Within an ten minutes or so of being in town , I saw my second grade teacher . It's a small world here . 
wants to marry < PROPFIRST > Matthews . Whew . One less < PROPMALE > life decision to make now . 
is excited about the world cup ! 
is debating whether or not I want an away Rooney England jersey . 
has the sniffles . 
enjoyed my first 4th of July in < PROPMALE > . The < PROPMALE > Symphony was wonderful and made watching fireworks from a nice hill in the park that much more stunning . 
spent my day with a precious five year old who only wanted to draw me pictures and play frisbee with me . This was during work , since it was my boss's daughter . I got paid to play frisbee and sit outside under the shade . Good day . 
built a computer this afternoon and now I'm getting to play on it . Very cool stuff . 
has parents with a distinct vehicle , yes . Thanks , < PROPFIRST > . 
hates moving . This should be a \fun\ " three weeks . " 
misses < PROPFEMALE > Chiu . I love the bracelet by the way . :) 
might get my laptop back in the next couple days ... yay ! Then < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Knox , Parvaneh Toghiani , and < PROPFIRST > Linhares - I'll have skype capabilities back . 
is\ 
having a rough week . Let me know if you find my laptop . It was \ 
delivered to Rice this past week yet no one can locate it ... you know \ 
where it is about as well as I do . 
can't manage to have a normal fall semester . Yay doctors .. 
tuck fexas ! Rice vs . UT football game today at Reliant Stadium ! 
is kind of super excited about the fact there is a movie coming out just about owls . Legend of the Guardians ! That might have to happen . 
is happy . Laundry in the washing machines , computer homework half finished , and a glorious Saturday afternoon waiting for something amazing . 
does not have phone service anymore until the new phone arrives . Great . You'll just have to reach me here or via email . 
is considering going to the laser graffiti show at 8 pm at 1524 Sul Ross\ 
St. Anyone want to go with me if I do ? 
has a new reason to not do homework . This is not good . Sigh . Tomorrow I get an old distraction back ! New phone tomorrow ! ( supposedly .. ) 
yay new phone . If I should have your number in my phone , send me a message with your first and last name . Same number as before . Thanks ! 
loved some Baker Blues . 
is excited about the beautiful weather in < PROPMALE > today . Too bad I'll be inside . Doing homework and sitting in class . 
had a great day and now is officially one of the authors on a published paper . :) 
just received a reminder about my flight home this weekend . Now my week seems even longer , yet so short considering how much needs to happen before I board that plane . 
' s calendar today is about \How to Prepare For a Train Crash\ " . Thanks worst case scenario survival calandar . I'm going to hope this does not correlate to my test today . " 
is really excited about the whole Rice kids getting to see the new < PROPMALE > Potter movie early thing . Yay awesome university ! 
is so ready for the November 18th 8:00 pm CDT viewing of < PROPMALE > Potter with my fellow Rice kids . So awesome and now I have gotten my spot ! 
has an ear infection in both ears , lots of other sickness , and plenty of things to do . This week is looking good , huh ? 
was going to whine about it being dark so early , but then saw the beautiful sunset from my tower and enjoyed the colors reflecting off the windows of all the buildings in the med center . Amazing view . 
< PROPMALE > Potter and the Deathly Hallows tonight at 8 ! And < PROPFIRST > Petry will be here tomorrow ! ( and now I shall go take the test for which I know maybe 50 percent of the required information ) 
4 pm to 4 am in < PROPMALE > Hall . Feels great to be a computer scientist ? 
had a lovely Thanksgiving break in San < PROPFIRST > . I'm very thankful for everything I have been given . 
is excited that it's the last day of classes , only 2 exams , a comp project and less than 2 weeks in my way till Christmas break . 
was drastic today . I'm not sure I like it . I have to think about it a bit . 
24 hours till I am finished with this semester . 
is FINISHED . Yay < PROPMALE > zoo , museums , Christmas shopping .... oh the possibiilites . 
is going home to Starkville tonight . 
feels very loved by so many . Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! Also to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Knox for coming to celebrate my birthday properly by seeing Tangled and being the only two who was not 5 years old or the escort of a 5 year old . 
' s first technical interview has led to a second round with meet and greets in downtown < PROPFIRST > and lunch and speakers ... and I'm so excited . Yay HomeAway ! 
