It's a night for writing . I'm feeling inspired . And I've got some anti-drug poetry to write for my theatre teacher ... 

Everyone should go listen to Atlas , by Battles . it's freaky awesome . ( NO , NOT freaken awsome , FREAKY awesome ... ) 
Song of the day for today : Raver's Fantasy , by Nightcore II . Go , listen , and begin dancing ! 
Song of the day : In One Ear ( New Version ) , by Cage the Elephant and their spasming lead singer . Watch the video and you'll see what I mean . 
Song of the Day , Wednesday , September 16 : Shut Up and Let Me Go , by The Ting Tings ... Annoyingly catchy , but not annoying enough to hate ... 
Song of the day , Thursday , September 17 : Stray , by < PROPMALE > Conte , as the opening for one of my favorite animes , Wolf's Rain ... Go listen . 
Song of the day , Friday , September 18 : The Birds and The Bees , by Breathe < PROPFEMALE > , introduced to me by my most awesome friend Jazzrey ... See if you can figure what it's about ... 
Song of the day , Saturday , September 19 : Gives You Hell , by The All-American Rejects . 
Song of the day , Sunday , September 20 : Man of Constant Sorrow , by The Soggy Bottom Boys , just because I finally got back from rehearsal , where I have to speak like that ... 
Today's rather late song of the day ( Sept . 21 ): Pork and Beans , by Weezer , because I just got back from a movie that had a trailer that used it as background . Hilarious ... Really , listen to the song , it's spaz-y . 
Song of the day , Tuesday , September 22 : Well , there are two . Voodoo , by Godsmack . And < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , by Weezer again . Catchy . 
Song of the day , Wednesday , September 23 : Joy to the World , by Three Dog Night . 
Song of the day , Thursday , September 24 : Mister Kingdom , by the Electric Light Orchestra , off of the album Eldorado . We have that album , the original LP , actually . 
Song of the day , Friday , September25 : Sweet Dreams Are Made of This , by the Eurythmics , or < PROPFEMALE > Manson , take your pick . Just don't watch the videos . Both are moderately creepy ... 
Song of the day , Saturday and Sunday , September 26-27 : Somewhere Over the Rainbow , by < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for Saturday's . Lovely song . Today's is ... Solly God Disco , by Gazette , because I want some Japanese today . 
Song of the day , Monday , September 28 : Ah ... let me think a minute ... Okay . For You , by Staind . 
Song of the day , Tuesday , September 29 : I'm So Sick , by Flyleaf , because I feel like screaming just like that right now ... and then whining , whimpering , and all other manner of helpless and childish actions . 
ong of the day , Wednesday , September 30 : Ring of Fire , originally by < PROPFIRST > Cash , but I'm listening to the version by Social Distortion at the moment . ( The < PROPFIRST > Cash version is next on my playlist , though ... ) 
Song of the day , Thursday , October 1 : Vitriol , by Bluejuice . They are awesome . And were a recommendation to me by < PROPFEMALE > . Kudos to her Australian-ness and the fact that they are from Australia ... 
A very late song of the day , Friday , October 2 : Happy Birthday , by whoever , in honor of < PROPFEMALE > , who I'm angry at for not telling me it was her birthday . 
Song of the day , Saturday , October 3 : Higurashi No NakuKuro Ni , by Eiko Shimamiya . It's just randomly on my 150-something long playlist ... 
Song of the day , Sunday , October 4 : Swing , Swing , by The All-American Rejects . Laziness . I didn't actually feel like choosing . It's just what's on at the moment . 
Songs of the day , Monday , October 5 : No More Sorrow AND Breaking the Habit , by Linkin park . Don't gripe at me , don't call me emo ; emo's a genre , anyway ... I'm just in a mood for these songs right now . 
Song of the day , Tuesday , October 6 : Mother May I , by EATMEWHILEIMHOT . Random . 
Song of the day , Wednesday , October 7 : To the < PROPFEMALE > and Back , by Savage Garden . I need something odd and non-mainstream today ... 
Song of the day , Friday , October 9 : Castle in the Sky , by DJ Satomi . Random again . Randomized playlist , that is ... 
Song of the Day , Saturday , October 10 : Ready , Steady , Go , by L'Arc En Ciel , off of one of my favorite animes , FullMetal Alchemist . 
Song of the day , Sunday , October 11 : Ghost , by Plastic Tree . Japanese is lovely ... 
Song of the day , Monday , October 12 : Top of the World , by The All-American Rejects . I'm tired of people who think they can control me just because they've been given temporary power ... stupid interum principal ... 
Song of the day , Tuesday , October 13 : Tears of Pearls , by Savage Garden because they're awesome and catchy and I'll probably feel like crying by tomorrow when I fail that PreCal Dual test ... 
Song of tha day , Wednesday , October 14 : Paralyzer , by Finger Eleven , even if it's one of their more mainstream songs ... And an older one at that ... 
Songs of the day , Thursday and Friday , October 15-16 : Cyclone , by 12012 . And Icy ~ Cold City ~ , also by 12012 . 
Pleh . Been too lazy to put up the songs of the days . I'll start again in a week or two , when I'm not busy dying over the fact that Dark of the < PROPFEMALE > is going to go horribly and Mr. Adame will be angry ... 
Okay . Finally getting back to songs of the days . Song of the day for Tuesday , November 10 , 2009 : Superman's Dead , by Our Lady Peace . How does the lead singer get his mouth so wide ? I don't know ... How does he get that voice ? I can guess , but I'm not gonna try . 
Song of the day , Wednesday , November 11 , 2009 : Dirt Room , by Blue October . Oh , and Superman's Dead , by Our Lady Peace , for the second day in a row . It seems almost fitting for Veteran's Day , considering Superman is dead , but our spirit isn't . 
Song of the day , Thursday , November 12 , 2009 : KoinoaibouKokoronokupido , by ONE OK ROCK . < PROPFEMALE > recommended it , and I like it a lot after listening to it about four times . 
Songs of the days :: Friday , November 13 , 2009 : Chop Suey !, by System of a Down :: Saturday , November 14 , 2009 : Tonto , by The Battles :: Sunday , November 15 , 2009 : Dear Viena , by Owl City , because Jazz had it on repeat while I was over Saturday and now I can't get it out of my head . 
Songs of the days :: Monday , November 16 , 2009 : Hyperlink , by Eiffel 65 :: Tuesday , November 17 , 2009 : Dragostea din tei ( or Numa Numa ) by O-Zone :: Wednesday , November 18 , 2009 : My Apocalypse , by Escape The Fate :: Thursday , November 19 , 2009 : Shut Up and Let Me Go , by The Ting Tings , because I'm random like that . 
Song of the day Friday , November 20 , 2009 : Eurodancer , by DJ Mangoo . Randomly . 
White 
Song of the day ( again , finally ): Lovegame and Bad Romance by Lady Gaga , in honor of < PROPMALE > ( yes , you , < PROPMALE > ica Godfrey ) because now I actually like her a little . 
Ugh . Hyper children . Mischievious parent . Too many people . I'm dead . Must sleep . 
Sleepy , sleepy ... I really should sleep more . But there are too many good books to read ... 
No more Facebook for me . Not for a long while . Maybe never again . Oh , and as little internet as possible . And very little friend contact , while I'm at it . So just leave me the hell alone . I don't exist as of today . 
I exist once more . When I wish to only , though . ... Oh , the freedom of summer . 
Jokes . Why is the whole world playing a joke on me ? It's so funny for everyone else but me . 
I have finally found the perfect solution to any form or strength of hopelessness or depression : Scooby-Doo movies ( or any other childhood love that you had ) that you haven't seen in a really really long time . So I'm watching ' Scoody-Doo and the Witch's Ghost ' as of now . ^^ 
I don't exist in reality . 
Nn , time to start back with my song of the day thing , I suppose . I should really listen to more music , anyway . \ 
So , August 16 ; Zeromancer , Doctor Online 
Song of the day , August 17 ; Let Your Spirit Soar by The Morning Of , because I like amazing and obscure and oddball things , so I feel like going from yesterdays Norwegian industrial rock to todays indie pop rock . 
Song of the day , August 18 ; U R A Fever the The Kills . Because my sister said so , and I rather like the song . 
Song of the day , August 19 ; Shut Your Mouth by Garbage . The song amuses me almost as much as the transmorphic abilities of the singer . 
I dislike nasty people because they're too much like that angry little voice in my head . \ 
I dislike people who are nasty to others and use excuses to justify it . \ 
I dislike parents who blame the behavior on their children when it's just a reaction to their bad parenting . \ 
I like people who can blame themselves . \ 
I like it when I can tell them they're not to blame . 
Think , think , but nothing comes , \ 
An empty head is all that is . \ 
Must be the anger . \ 
Must be the pain . \ 
Must be people who\ 
Think others are to blame . 
Physics is not the problem with my physics grade . My inability to understand how to handle the chapter on rotational motion is the problem with my physics grade . 
