No mama , no baby .... beer and poker night 

Thanks for all the birthday well wishes ! It was a great day on the course and a wonderful night with lots of friends hangin ' out . Thanks to my wife for getting everyone together . If you missed it - we may have to have a make-up day .... it was awesome . 
Sitting on the couch enjoying the view of my sexy beast of a wife 
8 a.m. girls to cheerleading camp - check ; 8:15 to gym for workout - check ; 9:45 to course for an entire day of golf - CHECK ; It's the massive flurry before I must report to mold the minds of the future .... well , at least their next four years .... and not r 
< PROPFIRST > - that should be fine for both . We play 5'somes all the time on Saturdays and Sundays . All the box bet players tee off on Sundays by 12:00 that should work out fine . I think my mom should be gone by 2 . 
I'm making up some visors .... anyone want to buy one of my special TIGERISTIC ! visors ? I'm claiming credit for coining the new phrase \TIGERISTIC ! \ " It's over folks . The man is absolutely the best ever . " 
I don't think the sun will come up tomorrow .... I've gone from feeling Tigerific to feeling like I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > .... 
GO NAVY !!! 
Nothing like starting the week with a visit to your child's school for a powwow with the principal .... 
What an exciting game ! Nothing like watching a Bama game with some of my crazy Bama friends . 
Crazy game on CSS - West Alabama vs Southern Ark . 5 OTs and still going 
movin , movin , movin ... keep those boxes movin ... rain on day is never good . after yesterday's 6 hour fiasco why shouldn't it rain . gotta go pack and load some more boxes 
In new house ... back on the net ... catching up on missed messages ... absolutely exhausted ... but the house is AWESOME ! 
Oh the hoys of having a 13 year old daughter ..... 
New Year's < PROPFEMALE > and I'm sitting on the couch with the dog .... 
You gotta pull for Farve ! 
He didn't make it ! The ball never crossed the first down marker ! 
bull ! 
The fix is in ! The NFL is working to get New Orleans in its first Superbowl 
For all you Viking fans .... it's not looking too good 
Count down begins .... 3 days 14 hours 30 minutes .... 
Today I am lost , bball season is over , the next season's practices don't start until Monday . It's kind of nice getting home before dark . I don't know what to do ..... 
39 hours and counting ! I'm channeling my wife .... got my clothes laid out in the floor pre-planning the uniforms of the day . Gotta have the right presentation while on the links ! 
< PROPFIRST > Info : Met in Fall 1989 ; Engaged in April 1990 ; Married in October 1992 ; 18 years of marriage - man , what a lucky woman .... hehe ; NOT !!! 
A trip to the Sweet 16 at Jacksonvill State University ... 2 wins to make the trip to the Final Four at the BJCC ... what a great feeling ! The excitement and anticipation is agonizing ! 
A week at the beach when it is too cold to enjoy outside is just wrong ... 
You think someone responsible for planning the state of Alabama's spring break week would use some common sense and actually plan it for \Spring Time\ " and not late winter " 
Why are we watching Vermont vs . Syracuse ?... like watching ... WAIT ... alright a little Louisville vs Cal ... malfunction-smunction - lets see some BASKETBALL 
March Madness !!!!! There's nothing like it ! Nothing can match it's excitement ! 
The most amazing 18 seconds of basketball !!!!!!! If you didn't see the finish of Michigan State vs < PROPFEMALE > you have GOT to pull it up on the web .... HOLY THREES BATMAN !!!! 
Has something happened ? Has there been some tramatic happening that has turned the earth on its axis ? Are we now the Southern hemisphere ( winter) ? I am beginning to really hate cold weather ... 
Hey < PROPFIRST > ! Are you sitting down ? It's going to happen .... 
By the way ... I've been waiting so as not to appear to be gloating .... I won the NCAA bracket by a large margin .... Down goes Tonia .... Down goes Abercrombiex3 .... 
Bucket list - go to < PROPFEMALE > for the Master's: check ; visit Amen Corner : check ; see Tiger in person : check ; drink some pink lemonade : check TV doesn't do it justice 
Long day of sleeping on the couch . I feel blah ... laying around ALL day . Son and I hanging in the man cave watching a little Yes Man and now the Terminator . < PROPFEMALE > ditched us ... probably watching some QVC makeup makeover show .... seriously 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RAGAN ! My little duddette is one year older 
The end is near ... football season straight into basketball season which ran over into golf season . State tournament next Monday and Tuesday then I get to go home at a normal hour ! Woohoo ! oh ... crap it ... basketball tryouts/spring training in two weeks ... I'm getting too old for this year around , non-stop profession called coaching . 
Bummer for the Univ . of Alabama's softball team ... #1 overall seed , 1 out away from the world series ,.... walkoff homerun sends them home . 
Boston trip in the future . Any plans on what to see/do ? Suggestions welcomed ! 
Great Memorial Day - Thank you to those that serve and defend our country and protect freedom everywhere . For all my former students/players that serve in the Armed Forces - I am proud of you do and what you have become . You are never far from my thoughts . For those few that have passed on - you are missed . I am honored to have been a part of your life . God bless our troops and their families . 
Home from Boston . 4 days of no cah . Great place to visit - would suggest it for anyone .... unless you don't like to walk . Lots of free stuff to see , lots of history , Fenway Pahk - the Green Monstah , Hahvahd , MIT , the Freedom Trail , The Gahden , JFK Library , lots of shopping ( wife can comment on that ) and great nightlife for both family and couples . Can't buy a \r\ " there though if you're playing Wheel of Fortune " 
So\ 
where are all the \Save the Gulf\ " concerts ? Where are the TV benefits \ 
My wife is hot ! 
I hate to break it to you guys but ... I like men . ;) 
Ok everybody - my son think's he is a comedian . He's 16 so I can legally beat his ... well , let's just say no one should call DHR . I'm claiming temporary insanity ... 
Great night - driving range hitting balls , sharing beverages , swapping stories , laughing at each other , followed by some wings and more hanging out . Lots of fun gang - truly enjoyed it ! Bear , you da man ! I owe you brother . 
Things that make you wonder .... What would it be like to read someone's mind ? Would it be a good thing to know what people were really thinking all the time ? Would it bring more happiness or more heartbreak ? Ok enough of that deep thought stuff .... haha 
A little fireworks for the girlies . Fingers feel like they have been barbequed but other than that ... fun times . Oh yeah , a few Woodchucks helped the situation too ! 
Nothing like a 4.5 mile run at 9pm to get you ready for some late night TV .... 
im not the sharpest tool in the shed :) 
Well , son of mine , if I'm not the sharpest tool in the shed , I guess that makes you the dullest knife in the drawer little < PROPMALE > . 
To golf or not to golf on Sunday , that is the question . 11 days in a row just doesn't sound as good as 12 . Morning commitments begin on Monday .... my two weeks of freedom are over . 
Golf it was - now lunch by < PROPFEMALE > then lawn by < PROPMALE > . 
Grass cut - check ; shower - check ; grilled hamburgers - check ; watching my wife dance to < PROPFIRST > Buffett's concert on CMT - check 
Productive day - my wife will be proud ... it didn't include golf or basketball practice or football practice - grass mown , weedeater put to use after malfunction detection and correction , hedges trimmed , leaves and driveway blown off , broken light switch replaced , farmer's tan corrected . 
Anyone receiving an IM from me asking to check out a video link - DON'T OPEN IT . I didn't send it . It happened to me too . I was told to change my password 
You ever known someone that no matter how hard you try to communicate with them , they just never seem to be on the same channel ... or even speaking the same language ? 
How about them Tigers !!!.... Clemson Tigers that is ! AU's passing attack is scary .... scary bad . 
Heading to watch a little Powder Puff football action . Ragan \Snowflake\ " Eaves is making her premier on the fake turf of Hoover High . This ought to be entertaining ! " 
When it's all over and everyone throws their two cents in , and you throw out all the knee jerk reasons Bama is struggling , the real problem today is horrible tackling . The worst I can remember seeing out of an Alabama team . 
To my darling wife .... I still say Roll Tide win or lose 
ATL tomorrow night with my boy - Falcons vs Ravens , sideline passes , club level seating - should be awesome . I think I'm going to challenge < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > to an Oklahoma drill .... 
Ok - after being about 5yds away from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > during his pregame warmups ... I humbly withdraw my challenge ... thanks for the confidence though < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
Wife is a trooper . Funny woman today in the prep room . New meaning to happy medicine .... 
This is ridiculous ... 1:40 a.m. and I'm not the least bit sleepy . It's going to make for a long day tomorrow ... I mean today . I hate going to sleep but this is insane . 
Beauty is only skin deep and fades with the passing of time but true love does not lose is power through a thousand eternities ..... ouch , I think I just hurt my brain ! : ) 
Go 15-18 yr old Hoover Rec Celtics ! The coach did an outstanding job ! 
Too cold outside , nothing very good to watch on TV , tired of the computer , just bored , bored , bored . 
Question - if you could have one wish , what would it be ? 
Two birthdays covered in two days .... now it's on to Christmas ... 
Great fun with old and new friends this afternoon . I enjoyed it - we have to do it again soon ! 
Dreaming of warmer weather and the golf course , birdies , beaches , breezes , and bikinis ... I'm officially tired of winter . 
ok - guitar is tuned ... fingers are already sore ... this is going to be a long process 
Ok ... time to bring down the holiday lights . Kind of depressing since I love the Christmas season but it does mean we are a little closer to Spring . Bring on the warm weather . 
Made out the financial plan for 2011 ... for some reason it does me good to see it on paper and track the shrinking list of creditors ! Anyone that wants to contribute to the \Banish < PROPMALE>'s Bills\ " fund just send the Benjamins my way . If everyone would contribute just $10 bucks I think that would cover it . : ) " 
Life is grand isn't it ? What a great day - can't wait for tomorrow ! ( Cue the happy music ) 
To all my Auburn friends ... congratulations on the national championship . Even being an Alabama fan I enjoyed watching the AU defense once again show the nation what every SEC fan already knows ... our league is just better than the rest ! Roasted duck for everyone ! ( They do have the best uniform set up though ) 
Alright too much energy to sit around or go to bed . Off to the gym I go . I bet I won't have any trouble having to share the equipment .... one more time because I don't know if I will be able to do again after tonight ... for < PROPFEMALE > I will say it .... WAR EAGLE .... congrats to all the AU fans ... let it rip and enjoy the next few months ! 
Watchin \Anchorman\ " with < PROPFIRST > . Possibly the funniest movie ever " 
\Rule number 1 .... no touching of the hair or face \"" 
\you are a smelly parrot hooker\ " - < PROPMALE > Burgandy " 
Louisville on a 15-0 run - wow , what a game ! Pitino basketball - got to love it . 
I wanted to ask back when I found out but I thought is might be upseting for some - could someone tell me what happened to < PROPFEMALE > Hill Adomyetz ? You can message me if needed instead of posting . 
What a unbelievable comeback by Louisville ! Instant ESPN classic ! WOW - 24-5 RUN TO END THE GAME TO WIN BY 1 ! 
Anyone feel like heading to the gym with me ? No takers ? Fine - I'll go with all my friends .... ( again , no smart mouth comments from you Peterson ) 
Do any of us really know everybody on our Facebook friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the results you get in 12 hours ? 
Wow - thanks for everyone that responded to the \how we met\ " post . That maybe the best post anyone could put up . Brings back lots of memories of friends and past times . Thanks to everyone that posted I truly appreciate your comments . I wish we all could be together again to share all those times again . " 
The countdown has officially started ... T minus 7 days and counting 
There is no substitute for experience . Ignore the past's lessons and you get a front row seat in the fool's section of life . Thus is today's lesson young grasshoppers 
All you have to do is shoot one and the rest will fall in line 
If you lay down with dogs you get up with fleas 
Thought for the day ( as shared with my children and players ): \ 
Show me your friends and I will show you your future 
Thought for the day\ 
Winning isn't a sometime thing , it's an all the time thing . You don't do the right thing some of the time - you do the right thing all the time . Winning is a habit . Unfortunately , so is losing . \ 
Anyone know who said that ? 
Thought ( definition ) for the day\ 
Insanity - ( v ) performing the same action over and over again but expecting different results 
Sitting on the couch , just me and the dog ..... 
Does this cute pink shirt make me look girly ? (; 
My son thinks he is so funny getting on my FB < PROPFEMALE > and posting comments posing as me .... that's ok funny man - you have to go to sleep sometime ..... 
Daughter wakes ... daughter wants to go golf course ... good start to the day . How it ends could be another story ! 
The ( March ) Madness begins ! Congratulations to the Trussvegas basketball crazies - your boy Dickey stole the show for Ashville 
March madness ! This is absolutely the greatest sporting event each year ! How many close finishes can there be in two days 
Defense is a new term for the bama basketball program . Thank you Lord for sending us < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and delivering us from < PROPFIRST > gottfried 
Remember when staying up until 2am was fun ? 
