maybe it's time to give up 

I'm done . Sometimes you just have to know when it's time to let it go . 
I think that whoever makes the cases for pills should make the \child protective packaging\ " easier to open or not call it that !!! " 
feeling sick and a little insecure .. 
It's just one of those things that makes your heart drop . One of those things that you know you shouldn't look because it will make things worse but you just have to look anyways ... 
hadda good night (: the bad things in life are seeming so much smaller and the good things are looking amazing (: 
going camping with the fam today and then going to the lake with the other side of the fam tonight .. busy day haha (: 
Ughh 7 in the morning is too early !! It should be illegal to make ppl get up that early ! And it should deff be illegal to make someone run a mile that early !! 
Me : \haha i've had a good streak lately .. hopefully it stays that way ! \ 
Other than being sick , sore , and tired .. things are pretty amazing right now (: 
feeling kinda down . 
Great , had a crappy day and I feel more shitty than i did before . 
Bad day . Feeling so shitty . I'm getting out of here . 
=/ . 
Feeling shitty and very upset . Is questioning everything . 
Been down for the past three days . I'm starting to think it's not going to change . 
I hate waiting . I wish I could just get it all out now . 
Not really feeling any better than I was . 
Ugh wish I wasn't up this early !! Leaving for camp in an hour . 
I thought I could handle it , but some things just bother you endlessly , don't they ? 
is dreading 6:45 am practice !! some things should just be illegal . 
for some reason im in a really positive attitude right now , i don't know why or what caused it , but i like it , i hope it stays ! (: 
I really dislike two-faced liers . I'm not worried though , what goes around comes around ... Remember that . 
Is sitting in American history finding it funny that my teacher is being so stubborn about me sitting next to Lexi haha . 
I'm trying so hard to be the best person I can be , but the world and other people in it seem to make it so hard . 
Things like this just show a person's character . I wish that people would be un-selfish and think of more than just themselves . Material things are not whats important and I wish that everyone would just realize this . 
I had an amazing night with him (: 
Another great night with Ryan (: 
Ugh I hate Mondays ! Had a good weekend though .. Saturday : Carved pumpkins with < PROPFIRST > and his family (: .. Halloween : went trick or treating with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . 
feeling worried and very downn . 
i don't think i could feel much worse . 
is in pain .... ugh I wish you were here with me !! 
Going to bed , I hope I wake up feeling a little less sad than I'm feeling now . 
I feel horrible . There are no words I can say to change the past or reassure you about the future .. I just wish that you can forgive me and that we can get past this .. and every bump that occurs within our relationship . I guess all I can say is that I love you and I hope there is something .. anything .. that won't let you give up on me , or on us . 
is procrastinating when it comes to my homework ... again ! i always say i'm going to do it right away ... and then put off !!! 
I already have what I want for Christmas .. and as long as he stays mine I won't have anything to ask for (: 
feeling shitty ? yes . 
Still feeling down . 
I feel like even though things are uncertain right now some how things will work themselves out ; and although many people have let me down I have my family and my best friend ( my boyfriend ) to count on . I'm trying my hardest to succeed and be the person I want to be , and I'm not about to give up . 
I can't wait for the break , it can't come soon enough . It's wayyyy needed . Can't wait to spend time with my family & friends and just relax . I'm hoping things work out the way I'd like them to (: then again , things hardly ever go as planned ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! I hope you all have a wonderful day (: 
Okay , the break went by too fast ! It hardly feels like there was one at all ! 
Ugh , when will the constant headaches and stress end ? Oh yeah ... when semester tests are over . 
Off to study the wonderful world of Chemistry . Blah ! Possibility of failure for the test tomorrow .... 99.5% ! At least semester tests are done tomorrow ! 
What do you do when you put 100% of your effort into something and you still come up short ? Put in 110% , and that's exactly what I intend to do . 
Headache and Stress .. Perfect combination ): 
\Shoes . \ " \ " Legit . \ " \ " Whore-head . \ " Talk about comical for being in a library ! All thanks to Elliott/Regis lol . " 
I'm regretting missing so much school , it's been a nice break and I've more than needed it with how sick I have been , but catching up is going to be difficult . It's going to be nice to get out of the house though , since I've spent the last four days sleeping all day and staying in bed . Glad I'm finally starting to feel better ! 
Rethinking everything once again . 
So ,, I just tried opening a pop with a < PROPFIRST > pin and it shot back and hit me in the forehead ,, that just completely describes my day right there . Except I've been more angry this whole day and I'm more angry now then I was at that < PROPFIRST > pin . 
Why can't people just keep their nose out of my business ? And especially have the nerve to put your nose in my business in front of my face . Are you kidding me ? 
I guess it's time . 
You know it's bad when you can't even make yourself get out of bed because of the sadness . 
let down . 
Multi-tasking (: 
He's a devil in disguise , a snake with blue eyes , and he only comes out at night ; gives you feelings that you don't wanna fight you better run for your life 
Sometimes I really wish they made a \bark-off\ " for humans ! " 
Almost time for work ,, at least it will give me a distraction from everything and get my mind off everything as well . 
oh my gosh ,, the flu sucks < PROPFEMALE > bad and I am so miserable ! make sure you don't catch it ! ): 
Highschool may love you ,, but I however do not . Done believing in things I know aren't realistic and done believing you . 
The little boy from The Sixth Sense is so adorable ! (: 
ughh . time for work . 
ughh I hope this illness goes away soon ... I dont know how much more of it I can take !!! 
