A toast to the new years everyone ! 

i wanna < PROPFEMALE > out with my girlfriend :/ lol 
chillin . 
tireed . 
weezy goes to jail tomorrow . :/ 
no school bitches 
O_o 
everything is on my mind and it needs leaked 
i want a 2 hour delay tomorrow . ya feel ? 
tired but had a good day :] 
now give me the mic and ill rock like a fuckin fossilllll . 
bitch i feel good . 
awesome day . 
go away snow , you can come back tonight but not now : l 
R-E L-A-X like fuckin california . 
idk who to trust anymore :\\ 
ahh . horrible day but inevitable to rebound . 
third eye on full alert . aha 
and now im starin out this window , and i see my life in aerial , so , might as well write my name on a cloud . 
sparkin it up and keepin it rollin . 
we gave all of ourselves to entertain you , we're only hurting ourselves . 
if im in your starting 5 you will never need a sub , and im never lookin down so i always know whats uppp . -drake 
if the superintendent wasn't too budy getting ate out then he'd go with the logical decision to cancel school for the day . 
nice decision wood county , fucking moron . 
bored , hit me up for whatever . probably gonna burn down , anyone down ? 
layin back suspended from the ceiling 
i dont need facebook to find my love of the day i already have her :] 
and ima do it aggin like nigga backwards . 
school for my 3rd day in a row!we'll see at least 
text me 
and i dont have much but i take all i got , and thats what i give . what i get in return is the money i earn , and the life i live 
wisdom is bleak and that's a word from the wise . 
holy shit < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland was trippy time to watch it again . 
had a pretty early start to the day . its only 3 ! damn . hit me up people 
chillen 
we're fated to pretend 
other than not having a cigarette for 3 days(quitting ) , today was a good day 
can it not be friday already : l 
so ima check my bag , everything secure with my tag , hand me my boarding pass , yeah , and ill hit you when my flight lands . 
Many is a word that only leaves you guessin ' , Guessin ' ' bout a thing you really ought to know . You really ought to know . I really ought to know . 
excuse me while i kiss the sky ... 
but it's far from over . 
sleep has never sounded better ... btw lil < PROPMALE > is the best rapper alive .. 
i need to do my english but life keeps distracting me lol . 
Over thinking , over analyzing , separates the body from the mind . 
imagine nation . 
needs a job ?! 
This is goodnight . Feel the hours fade away . This is goodnight lay your head to rest . 
reality ? just a dream with the imagination of ourselves . 
we've got the handshake under our tongue . 
sleeeeeeep i feel like a zombie . 
life is but a playground , but once you break its foundation , the entire thing is useless . 
fuckin chillin hit me up 
all jokes aside , i ain't playin witcha . the weed broke down , like a transmission 
to every end , there is a beginning . 
< PROPMALE > festival with < PROPFIRST > text meh 
bored , hit me up . 
my plane is takin off soon . 
awoken . 
wake up , you're sleepin . wake up , you're sleepin behind the wheel . 
if what they say is true , you are a shadow in 4th dimension . 
i know the pieces fit , cause i watched them fall away . 
Plants , as far as i know are still , still bending toward the light and if we dance until the heart explodes it’ll make this place ignite and even if this hall collapses I can stand by my pillar of hope it’s just a case of Flash delirium 
< PROPFEMALE > the spiders , Sink the Welsh , Stab your facebook , Sell sell sell , Undercooked , Overdone , Mass adulation not so funny , Poisoned < PROPFEMALE > , Pseudo science , Silly money , You're my < PROPFEMALE > 
i get high with a little help from my friends , yeah i get by with a little help from my friends 
My world turns , flippin the bird , to the ones who figure me Outkast , no not the duo , back to Shaker Heights where they knew , though lil brother was a strange one boo-hoo , cry me a river hater look who traveled out an igloo , cold cold world was't fit for me at all , look at where i stand at , tall . 
let it enfold you . 
early in the morning , risin ' to the street . light me up that cigarette and ill strap shoes on my feet . 
i'm worn out . off to dream . 
i be that man on the < PROPFEMALE > . 
easter = boring as hell day . somebody get at me . this is serious . 
the things we laid do not amount to much made up of thought balloons and cotton swabs when present tense gets strangled in the woes made of our future foe scenarios 
taking advantage of this break . 
i've got a secret , it's on the tip of my tongue , in the back of my lungs . 
bored , txt the cell . 
im gonna eat you aliiiive . 
i blow it by the ' oh , oh , oh , oh ' 
crush a bit , lil bit , roll it up , take a hit , feelin lit , feelin right , 2 am summer night 
get high , screw the world , and that's that . 
little lovers so polite . 
ya bitchh .. 
get a life crazy bitch .. 
sour d whaa 
cocoa pebbles have never tasted so good 
cocoa pebbles have never tasted this good until now . 
it's such a shame , they gon miss this plane . 
shower then senior pics : x back here with < PROPFIRST > after <3 
captain of the spaceship you a runner in the jetway fool .. 
i be high , then i be low , i be low , then i be high . it's like a battleknife to a gunfight , but i be cool it's the story of my life . 
nice day , calls for a cruise :P 
simple as that for your simple ass .. 
tell me that you're alright , yeah everything is alright . 
not my chair not my problem thats what i say 
TGOD muhfugga .. 
chillin wit some kush n oj listenin to kush n oj . 
With my feet upon the ground I lose myselfbetween the sounds and open wide to suck it in , I feel it move across my skin . I'm reaching up and reaching out , I'm reaching for the random or what ever will bewilder me . And following our will and wind we may just go where no one's been . We'll ride the spiral to the end and may just go where no one's been . Spiral out , Keep going 
fuckin boredd . 
bout to go < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > thrilla on these niggas , all i need is a red jacket and some zippers . 
haters think they got me on my toes but im relaxed , i keep that army in control . 
headache . 
i love bubblegum 
doesnnt know . 
happy 420 to everyone :D 
celebrating 4 21 
And all the world's a stage , I lived because I dreamed and well , I dream no more .. I've given up on the entire human race . 
hello motha fucka , hey , hi , how ya dern ?! 
gun on the waste line , leave you in the waste land . 
when life plays you , you don't see the cheat codes , but when you play life , there's infinite possibilities . 
training for warped tour ' 10 :D 
no pity for a coward . 
It seems like your giving up on everything you worked for . It's pulling you under . It's gripping around your throat . Life can be overwhelming , but don't turn your back on the strongest crutch you've ever had . 
It seems like your giving up on everything you worked for . It's pulling you under . It's gripping around your throat . Life can be overwhelming , but don't turn your back on the strongest crutch you've ever had . -August Burns Red 
if i had it my way id slit your throat with the knife that you left in my back . 
I often wonder if I'll ever finish all I've started , and the answer I have found is NO . No , I will never finish all that I have started because life is about doing , the process And not the result . Life is about doing whether you want to or not . -set your goals 
we stare at broken clocks , the hands don't turn anymore . 
i miss the old days . 
cruzz . lata 
fuckin fantastic ... fuck if you agree bitch im bright , but i dont give a fuck if you see me . 
allergies + senioritis = a sickening procrastination :\\ 
well you are the one , the one that lies close to me . whispers hello i miss you quite terribly . 
tipped the waitress now she ain't comin back to work for a year . 
i finally got to see the sky 
got my tux :D excited for prom 
Day n nite . The lonely stoner seems to free his mind at nite . He’s all alone , some things will never change . 
big dayy 
Let's break the window panes And separate the walls from all the nails Cause maybe if we're loud we'll stay alive While everybody wants to join the fight 
rasta in my lungsss 
ima cigarillo feen smokin weed like it's oxygen . 
and even if this hall collapses , i can stand by my pillar of hope and trust , that our heads won't bust . 
i'm floating towards the sun , the sun of nothing . 
out . 
mgmt and sleeep . 
god walks with me , but im still vexed 
Did my heart love until now ? \ 
\ 
' Cause I feel as though I've never seen \ 
beauty till this night . \ 
I'm forever , yeah , I'm forever yours . 
man im runnin with the blucka , young money mothafucka . 
you think we gon do it big , well ... ain't it < PROPFEMALE > in the summa ? 
she starts her new diet of liquor and < PROPMALE > , just like Hollywood but laced in sick . 
< PROPFIRST > nancyy i love you more than anything :D 
im on another level , somewhere outta state , or another planet ... im in control like < PROPFEMALE > damnit 
stop playin im fresher than a degree stick .. street shit , well of course , i smoke MAD weed , im on my high horse . 
We could leave this city , if only for a\ 
while . \ 
We'll take this feeling to our graves\ 
For every heart that we betrayed . \ 
No one can know about this . 
i'm sleepy . 
Fix me to a chain around your neck and wear me like a nickel . \ 
Even new wine served in old skins cheapens the taste . \ 
I shot the pilot , now I'm begging you to fly this for me . \ 
I'm here for you to use , broken and bruised . 
Cause I'm a wishful thinker with the worst intentions , this could be the last < PROPMALE > you get to drop my name . 
I'll put a little sour in your sweet , \ 
You've got so much fucking tongue in cheek . \ 
You want what you could never have . 
said man sit for a while , son he said son how you've only begun on the mile 
i'm done with this town 
this senior project is fucking gay ! 
I don't want the glow , I want the < PROPFEMALE > , and Ima fuck the world , but this is just foreplay .. 
I could make it December every day , but you're so blind it may as well be May . 
when i was , a young boy , my father , took me into the city , to see a marching band . he said son when , you grow up , would you be , the savior of the broken , the beaten and the damned . 
1 < PROPFEMALE > , 2 < PROPFEMALE > , 3 < PROPFEMALE > , floor . 
why must it feel so wrong when i try and do right , do right , oh oh oh , soaring through paradise when i'm closing my eyes , I'm Mr. Solo Dolo . 
< PROPFIRST > anybody ? 
perfect day for a nap .. well for me anyways 
i've said it before and i'll say it again , if you think you're alive then you're better off dead . 
But who would want me anyway ? \ 
I’m a lush with broken parts of paper mache\ 
I have nothing left to give\ 
I don’t think I ever did 
oh no , this ain't paradice .. 
Fusion's for < PROPFIRST>'s birthday :] 
< PROPFIRST > and what not hit me upp . 
this could be your home when you're all alone , tired and desperate . my life is better than it ever was . 
Maybe we , why don't we \ 
Sit right here for half an hour \ 
We'll speak of what a waste I am \ 
And how we missed your beat again . 
Maybe we , why don't we\ 
Sit right here for half an hour\ 
We'll speak of what a waste I am\ 
Just know we are a spec in time 
i've got to move on before i can find happiness . this isn't fair , nobody taught me how to let go . ' just be here now ' and suffer from sorrow ? but at this time i don't see clearly . what is the point ? what is the meaning ? 
We're destined to all die alone\ 
I buried my cross with a rose\ 
I won't kneel at your alter now that I know\ 
It's a table for a magic show 
i'm not home sick , i'm just so sick of going home . 
i'm futuristic like a time rift ... i'm goin in like it's my shift . 
And I wonder\ 
When I sing along with you\ 
If everything could ever feel this real forever\ 
If anything could ever be this good again 
bored hit me up . 
trace your hands around my misguided heart and watch the world fall apart . 
the truth always hurts in a beautiful way . 
And I've got romantic ideas but they're not meant for you , \ 
and my bed's filled with black roses to show that our love is through . 
i'm that man on the < PROPFEMALE > and ima do what i do , so do you , hey , hey .. 
and we only gettin older , so what i tend to do is think of today as the past , it's funny when you comin in first , but you hope that it lasts , you just hope , that it lasts . 
and we only gettin older , so what i tend to \ 
do is think of today as the past , it's funny when you comin in first , \ 
but you hope you last , you just hope , that it lasts . 
now i'm starin out this window , and i see my life in aerial , so , i might as well write my name on a cloud . 
in life you'll always find what you truly need in the calm . 
i just fuckin love construction and dumb hillbillies right in front of my house . 
i'll give blood to your dry veins , \ 
we do this for the passion and not for the fashion or fame . 
i'm feelin alright , i forget about it all . 
i just mastamind ... then go afta mine .. 
look north , the sun is still gleaming . \ 
and the < PROPFEMALE > and the stars still retain these eyes . \ 
you're falling now as I move forward . \ 
fueled by the hope you couldn't take from me 
if your stomach feels weak than the work here is done . 
lifting ; then hopefuly on a < PROPFIRST > . 
text me .. 
homework . 
excuses are useless when your mouth's stapled shut . 
can you imagine life without music ? that'd be crazy .. 
where this thing goes i'll never know , but all i know is packing bags is a remedy . 
chillin with < PROPMALE > , graduation rehearsal tomorrow , then no plans get at me . 
jets fooooool 
fun night , dozin off .. 
up up on the clouds , no one pullin me downn 
i just want a diploma in my hands and to say my last goodbye to high schoolll 
Life is one big dance ; those who dance to the music have meaning in their lives , those who don't dance but watch others dance think about the meaning that their lives could have , and those who don't dance or watch other dance don't exist . Know well the soundtrack to your life , and know how to dance to it . 
ugh ....... 
hardcoreeeee ! 
hit me up ! 
waiting to pick up the pieces , that make it out alright . but pieces of what ? 
Romance still sits untouched , by the water she waits patiently .. 
you aint pimpin til you fuck an r&b singer 
i'll make my stand , right here with my friends . 
starin at a mountain like bitch ima climb youuu 
i love how everyvody is so naturally addicted to drama . 
And don't you think for a second you'll\ 
see my face again . I killed the hope , but you buried it . 
getting my job back tomorrow hopefully :] 
out , interview at 4 , chillaxin afterwards . get at me 3045886865 . 
get at me 
days go by , shout it out loud , days go by , we know the price we pay . 
listening to attack attack!'s new cd ... if you havent heard it listen to it ! 
i think about more than i forget , but i dont go around fire expecting not to sweat . 
no love lost , no love found 
im just droppin cold shit i think my toilet water froze . 
WTFWJD 
lets see ... tired . 
so far away . 
these eyes they see more than you know , we're all dressed in our best , so take it or leave it . 
i've been up for ever .. 
they gon miss this plane . 
I don't think I deserve it , selflessness\ 
find your way into my heart\ 
all stars could be brighter\ 
all hearts could be warmer 
all they sayin , yeah , i keep em sayin , yeah , you know they sayin , yeah 
kickin back , relaxin . 
i didnt know you werent allowed to post what's on your mind . guess whats on my mind is too unacceptable for anyone on fb to bear . 
world series attitude , champaigne bottle life , nothin ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night . 
plans ? 
so give me money , or give me the graveyard 
gone . starting work tomorrow :] 
fuckin chillin . get at me 3045886865 
ima float onnn .. 
you already know 
blastin off into outerspacee 
up up off the clouds , no one pulling me down . smokin , chillin , up at the top of the world . 
she's on firee . 
the sky might fall , but im not worried at all .. 
There's nothing sacred being loved by \ 
saints , all my beliefs just fade away 
i'm thinking about deleting this soon 
man im too cold , let me thaw out 
getting the hell outta pkb ! sleep , morgantownn , warped tour wednesday . 
crackin swishers , playin pong get at me 
warped tour tomorrow hell yeah !! 
attack attack was amazing live and BMTH was SICKK . thats all . 
party til you pass out , drink til your dead , dance alll night til you cant feel your legs . yes . 
whats so good about picking up the pieces . 
can i even complicate your breathing ? i guess im just your average boy . 
can you feel your heart as it hits the ground ? 
Worry never robs tomorrow of it's misery , it only steals today of its joy . FUCK THA FUTURE . 
Can we create something beautiful and destroy it ? \ 
Nobody knows I dream about it , this is my imagination . \ 
If every living thing dies alone , \ 
what am I doing here ? 
I know we're so wrong , but it feels so right . \ 
And its not a party if it happens every night . 
you're beautiful , but you don't mean a thing to me . 
She starts her new diet with liquor and < PROPMALE > , just like Hollywood but laced in sick . 
You're my favorite explosion\ 
you know the only real way to cure pain is to add a little more\ 
because everything new distracts the old 
work . text , 3045886865 
I'll sing along , oh\ 
' cause I don't know any other song . \ 
I'll sing along , \ 
but I'm barely hanging on . \ 
No , I'm barely hanging on . \ 
By the time you're hearing this I'll already be gone , \ 
and now there's nothing to do but tear my voice apart . \ 
Nothing to do , \ 
and scream at the drunken < PROPFEMALE > . 
so here's to giving in . 
getting a drumset biaaatch . 
time won't wait for you . 
This bottles half way empty \ 
Cause your glass is half way full\ 
Can you please go without me\ 
I swear that everything's alright 
i'm only human . 
don't waste your time on me you're already the voice inside my head 
woot thunderstorm ! 
slow down bitch , my money is what im clockin . im tick-tockin , once i start i aint stoppin 
And it'll be a while ' til I can breathe\ 
again . \ 
Slip me into something warm . \ 
My eyes still scream childhood . 
hold my heart , it's beating for you anyways 
at the end of the day my momma told me dont let no one break me let no \ 
one break me\ 
at end of the day , day , nobody , nobody , ever could stop me ever could \ 
stop me\ 
at the end of the day , day you cant regret it if you were trying if you \ 
were trying\ 
at the end of the day i'm walking with a heart of a lion . 
I swear to god my intentions were gold . 
Wretched hands and tired eyes . \ 
Born in death and reborn in lies . \ 
Too long have I watched in silence too long have you haunted my steps . 
if you haven't heard Carnifex's new cd , listen to it . 
poke me if youhave ever had a crush on me . like this status if you think i'm a goodfriend . message me if you ever wanted a relationship with me . commenton this if we have had good memories together . and be honest . let's seewho's brave enough to copy and paste this to their own status . 
why can't people just be real . 
I'm me , and who are you ? Ya not me . 
SO MUCH METAL 
plans ? hit me up 1-304-588-6865 . 
man i got so many styles .. I am a group 
im just lighten up my la , la la la la la la 
work 
the sky might fall , but I'm not worried at all 
woke up early to find out i work at 3 instead , back to sleep :] 
Name over internet airwaves bitches hear me on twitter put my music on their myspace pagess . yeah ! if you smoke then roll up and play this me and hot spitta , come where the planes is . 
it's all worth reaching for . 
i'm rollin up another one\ 
starin out this window , window , windoww\ 
they tellin me to change how i'm livin\ 
but it's all i knoww . 
The sun goes down , we come out . \ 
A different party in a different city . \ 
The sun comes up , we come down . \ 
We lived fast & died pretty . 
M.O.E. 
Show me the way\ 
Allow me to see cause my heart is broken\ 
Be my escape\ 
Allow me to hear with a word unspoken 
everything looks perfect from far away . 
My eyes are bloodshot , they have seen the damned . 
Like roses , we < PROPFEMALE > and die . 
we walk the same path path , but got on different shoes , live in the same building , but we got different views . 
and i hate when a bitch say talk is cheap , cause im the type that let money talk for me . my flow is < PROPMALE > , unique . my flow can park a seat . 
this ain't the life that we chose , but it's the life that we livin . 
You want to see me disappear ? well so do i . 
and they ask me why i keep a l lit . 
what a great day already , so much shoulder pain .. 
me + working at mcdonalds = free smoothies bioootch . 
chill day . 
go tell your teacher the only chemistry you'll learn is yours and mine :] 
love is what i got :p 
and in the night we'll wish this never ends . 
We will never give up\ 
And He will never back down . \ 
Seek and live everyday\ 
To never worry what he'll say . 
pop another bottle , mama roll this weed up , i'm so g'd up . 
relax ya mental . 
take me back to how it used to be , \ 
i'll never close my eyes again\ 
how could i ever forget a place like this ? \ 
somewhere that i could call my own . 
no love lost , no love found . and none to be found . 
why the fuck do i bother checking this shit anymore 
Even if this chemistry's catastrophe\ 
i don't give a fuck\ 
if you want a taste then take a bit out of me\ 
i don't give a fuck 
just keep on rollin . 
work , text me . 
Seasons always shift too late \ 
Spent too much time now on paths sideways \ 
Everything that is connected and beautiful \ 
And now i know just where i stand \ 
Thank god it's over . 
how did you run into a door that's wide open\ 
get ahold of yourself , i tripped and fell so deep i cant come down 
well look at the time i am the alarm clock , hurricane < PROPMALE > they like waayne did the storm stop . 
i be high , then i be low . 
I've said it once , I've said it twice , I've said it a thousand fucking times\ 
You said it's a suicide , I said this is a war 
aint comfortable but got my feet up . hard to hear you when you thirty thousand feet up . 
yeeah bitch tahahaha 
wake up , bake up , gotta get my cake up . 
never fall out of your own rhythm , because it'll make the other rhythms sound off too . 
you keep the sunshine , save me the rain . 
and it ain't no tease i wanna be your main attraction , roll camera please it's time for some action . 
I will show no sympathy any < PROPMALE > I get I'm gonna pour salt in your wounds . \ 
After you forgive me tell me why should I Ever fucking care . 
so give me my space like < PROPFEMALE > com , funkmaster flex on the flow i drop bombs . 
still searching . 
seconds from the end , what's it gonna be ? pull the trigger bitch . 
off today , text me 304 588 6865 
a rat race to the top , sore losers never satisfied with what they got . 
Sometimes I want , to just give in\ 
Accept the answers without a question\ 
Its easier , I must confess\ 
To treat this life like its a waiting room for death\ 
How can I make sense of this mess ? \ 
I'll Share my emptiness , with a glass\ 
It's my best bet for happiness . 
yeah i'm leanin bout to pour me up anotha cup , yeah im high bout to roll me up anotha blunt , i roll them biggie smalls .. here's anotha one . 
i don't care if you're contagious 
whacko jacko , smack a hoe , hack an o 
as it carries us away . 
rock on 
fucking FUCK 
stunt so hard , its all ya fault , and when it come to beef give me a1 sauce . 
4 days woot 
now is not the time to anchor our ships , but to sail and find the end of the world . 
deep water shamu , shoot you from your head to your shoulders , shampoo . 
might as well write my name on a cloud . okaaaayy 
old skool a skylit drive ftw . 
weezy baby aka bring the money home , pull out a ak and pop ya in ya funny bone , 
If I let you in , you'd just want out . \ 
If I tell you the truth , you'd vie for a lie . \ 
If I spilt my guts , it would make a mess we can't clean up . \ 
If you follow me , you will only get lost . \ 
If you try to get closer , we'll only lose touch . \ 
Yes you already know too much , and you're not going anywhere . 
nail the casket one more time .. 
i be wit the dread , with the tattoos on his head , and a flag the color red , like a fuckin low battery . 
yes i can officially buy tobacco products for tobacco use only ! 
Had a great birthday , thanks for all the comments . peace . 
We've all got our horrors and our demons to fight , but how can I win when I'm paralyzed 
Did we skip fall ? 
Can't call a bluff with a dead man's hand . 
I dont want it , I just need it , and i cant believe that ; its getting harder just to feel alive . 
shitt , fuck with me and get hit . i finger fuck the < PROPFEMALE > , make that bitch have kiiiids . 
headbanging = best stress reliever . 
its who we aren't that makes us who we are . 
Got a feeling in my stomach that just won't quit . \ 
It's subtle as a shotgun . \ 
Heavy as a brick . \ 
Bite your tongue . \ 
Just bite your tongue . \ 
You've already said quite enough . 
< PROPFEMALE > Williamson is really awesome . 
So march with me if you believe there's any hope for us . \ 
I've been hiding in these trenches for far too long . \ 
All is fair in love and war , so they tell me . \ 
All is fair in love and war , so they say . 
what i thought was a certainty , has left me spinning in circles again . 
eyeless . 
people disgust me . 
get at me on here , dropped my phone in mountain dew .. 
< PROPMALE > + grateful dead = peace . 
my phone is working ! knock on wood .. 
blowing that blueberry smoke , bluehaze , make a broke ass twice as < PROPMALE > , two paid , act out the flow like shurades , and let my mind sail on this beat , crusade . 
your head is full of words , full of words that don't mean anything . tell me how long could you < PROPFEMALE > onto a word ? 
As long as I can remember you've always been this miserable\ 
And it's all because you're still believing in something fucking invisible . 
you never said this would be simple . 
< PROPFEMALE > Williamson RULEZ 
blackandyellowblackandyellowblackandyellowblackandyellow :p 
nice day . 
we're all guilty of our own self-centeredness 
truth is , like this and you're wasting your time . 
I can help you see light out of your despair , you tie the rope ill kick the fucking chair . 
In tha cut rollin doobies up . 
Paint the fucking walls . 
We'll sing this symphony of sympathy . 
I have to poop ... 
If life ain't just a joke then why are we laughing . 
with great power , comes great responsiblity . thats right .. spiderman . 
lie down your guard and surrender , all that you're proving is your ignorance 
Derpity derp derrrp 
omg < PROPFEMALE > Williamson is sooo cooolllllll <3 
Bring out your dead . 
With < PROPFEMALE > <3 
have you ever been to heaven at nite , closing your eyes the feelings so right . 
My perspective is not an elective its a fundamental course , I find the clues like a detective , get these elements and sorts . 
kylee <3 
Been a beast and still I am , now I rock and still I jam , few niggas got that white girl like will.I.am 
First day work at 5 , then kylees , then ap tour tomorrow !! 
Ap tour was so much fun . Get at me 
Hand me my boarding pass , and ill hit you when my flight lands . 
work at 6 , < PROPFEMALE>'s after . text me 
my mojo so dope , bitch 
Run away from it baby , run away . 
Self made been through what I've been through , so I know what I know . 
Here I am expecting just a little bit too much from the wounded , but I see , seeing through it all , seeing through , see you 
Derpity derp derp 
anyone feelin a cruise ? 
I feel so close , and yet I am so far .. 
might as well write my name on a cloud . 
Who's feelin a cruise 
Shawty I'm a pro and you are looking like a prototype . 
It was just a dream , just a moment ago , I was up so high lookin down at the sky , but don't let me fall . 
I lost my mind , I think its out there stranded , I think you stand under me if you don't understand me . 
we dont gotta duck shots , we just pour and < PROPMALE > em 
with < PROPFEMALE > , movies later with her , back to her house after <3 . text . 
< PROPFEMALE > was here : ) 
Teheeeeeeeeeeee 
FOOTBALL SEASON IS ALMMOST OVER 
listening to flight school . best mixtape by wiz hands down . 
I hold the key to your teeth that preach those crooked words\ 
So hold your tongue before I , rip it out . 
im tryna ball , you playin the game . \ 
haters sayin i changed , i say look at my chain . maayne . 
new born of osiris . 
laugh now , fly later .. TGOD . 
green n yellow . 
sigh .. 
I've dug my grave , so i'll lie in it\ 
I've dug my grave , so God help me die in it . 
People say I'm borderline crazy , sorta kinda\ 
Woman of my dreams , I don't sleep so I can't find her 
My heart is filled with hate . 
ofwgkta 
Wolf Gang or die . The new < PROPFEMALE > 
tired as fuck 
listening to MellowHype . 
How do you say goodbye , when you've hardly said hello ? 
6 foot 7 foot 8 foot bunch . I'm a cereal celkilla bitch get ya captain crunch , I went on this beat cause I kinda had a hunch , that id eatthis beatup like lunch . 
all i want is one more < PROPMALE > to say what i want to , and the shitty part is i know i'll never get to . 
I welcome < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , she doesn't violate , inhale , exhale , feel the vibrate . Smoke it up . 
Watchin the new fantasy factory , hell yeah . htc 
Swag . 
is it just me or is everyone sick ? 
The Golf Wang hooligans , is fuckin ' up the school again\ 
And showin you and yours that breakin ' rules is fuckin ' cool again\ 
I'm goin ' harder than a midget jumpin ' over me\ 
Chronic youth , I'm shovin ' blunt wraps in bitches ovaries\ 
Punches to the stomach where that bastard kid supposed to be\ 
Fuck a mask , I want that ho to know it's me 
fake it til you make it , what happens when you do .. 
