GUATEMALA 

is horrified at how late she slept till 
is sunburnt 
loves sailing !!! (the overboard part , not so much ) 
is in Boston 
congratulations mom and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
is starting class tomorrow ( how is this possible ? ) 
just got back from boiler cup -- go illinois sailing ! 
is really struggling with technology today 
is going to Miami to sail ! -- unfortunately , its the miami of ohio , but still ... 
had a great time at the miami regatta , and we took first ! yay ! 
survived physics exam minus a lot of brain cells 
really wants a 3 day weekend 
should be studying for diffEQ right now ... lol 
mmm , yummy bed ... 
' s facebook has been hacked by < PROPFEMALE > 
but truly , < PROPFEMALE > was eating her bed 
no i wasnt ! 
loved the weather for the regatta today -- go sun ! 
done with quantum for ever and ever and ever !!!!!! 
' s internet is so slow she is going to go crazy ! 
just went sailing today and it was amazing ! 
two exams down , one to go ! 
what happened to doctor who ? 
is discovering bits of her room scattered across two households -- she is thankful her sister was there to help \pack up\ " her room during the move " 
just signed a lease for an apartment -- her first legally binding document (* tear *) 
DONE WITH PHYSICS !!!! 
just had her last meal ever ( knock on wood ) in the dining halls ! 
DONE WITH THE SEMESTER !!! also , done with dorms , dorm food , and physics . Jordan -- here I come !!!! 
home 
just got three vaccinations ... and is now going to pass out 
home to the land of snow and ice 
if anyone ever told you it is a good idea to plug into a single Jordanian outlet a heater , a cell phone , a computer , a lamp , and a plug adapter into a surge protector into a really cheap extension chord into a computer cable ... they were lying to you 
got a new phone -- and its a nokia !!! ( which means she can really beat it up and it won't break ... she hopes ) 
sweet popcorn is so irresistible 
went to Jerash today 
is internet access really that complicated ? 
had mansaf and liked it ! 
health care passed today !!!! 
is NOT a fan of numerical ... or exams 
nearly fainted in the public health office today -- how come she can sail through gale-force winds unfazed but they try to take a couple milligrams of blood and its all over ? 
loves her calculator 
finally finished Dexter ... the long ordeal is over 
after a month of being an illegal is finally a legal resident of Jordan ... yay ! 
is not actually a legal resident of Jordan -- Emily Ju , birthday 1/1/1990 is 
just registered for classes ; kind of a gross wednesday but an awesome thursday , so it all evens out 
< PROPFIRST > XY is so stupid ; did no one explain the concept of a series finale to them ? 
finally conquered the periodic table quiz on sporcle . why ? Just cuz 
and doctor who is back ! still , there is something to be said about consistency 
just bought plain tickets for egypt and spain , and is now going to have a minor heart attack :P 
it rained today ! 
almost saw royalty for the first time today ... but < PROPFEMALE > Sumaya couldn't make it :-( 
downloading speed : 2 bytes/sec ; time remaining : 4249 days , 2 hours , 6 minutes ... gotta love sekun internet connection :P 
thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
is trying to figure out what possessed her to watch Hurt Locker 
' s freezer is incapable of freezing water . It's actually more of a fridge . and the fridge is really a cool storage place where fresh food goes to die . 
is pretty much done with classes . yay ! 
just went shopping with < PROPFEMALE > LaFond and actually bought stuff :D 
just .. has ... to ... survive ... exam ... AND THEN SPAIN !!!!!! yay 
is in Spain -- hello europe ! 
getting ready for cordoba and sevilla with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
is going to go see the pyramids !!!!!!!!! 
back from egypt -- i heart < PROPFIRST > 
just went to the dead sea ... and got covered in salt ! 
just got a watch -- my wrist is complete again 
just got back from wadi rum 
is leaving for the USA tonight ! Goodbye Jordan -- I will miss you :-( 
is finally back home -- and now off to canada ! 
second day of classes and is already exhausted -- what happened to the simple life ? 
picked sailing over hw and it was so worth it 
too much coffee , too little sleep : cee 330 exam here i come 
is reading about the titanic and is amazed at how difficult it was to have that disaster -- so many chances .... 
just did laundry -- yay , clothes again ! 
what is a koopaling ? I think it only exists in the < PROPFEMALE > 212 hw universe 
just got windows on my mac -- I love my computer again ! 
learned how to pick a lock today -- nothing is safe ! :p 
December 16th : < PROPFEMALE > 212 burning party , anyone ? 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
going back to the UP today !!!! cant wait :D 
SNOW !!! 
five and a half hours until < PROPFEMALE > 212 is done !!!! ( but who's counting ? ) 
DONE WITH < PROPFEMALE > 212 
done 
