yo yo yo wazup homies 

nothings on my mind ... 
when u look at our history we are a brutal race ... 
true meaning of insanity : do the same thing over and over and expect a diffrent result ... 
i love dragons ... 
play that funky music white boy ... 
k den every one thats not on im out lol ... 
moral fiber ... no such thing anymore ... 
black hole madness ... 
life is like a spinning vortex throwing random moments at you ... 
medevil air dog fights ... with dragons ... exhilarating 
VEGAS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ima be in vegas for awhile so if im not on not my fault ... just partying it up ... lol good day then ... 
im going to start posting songs on my < PROPFEMALE > if any one like listen to them they can ... ;) 
man dune buggies are fun that was my 10th time going and we riped that terrain to sherdssssss lol ... 
drifting on loose dirt is like on a dream wagon to heven ... man its like your floating on the surface and nothing can stop you ... ;) 
people are stupid as a cow in headlights but a person is smart ... 
im not going to ne on all day ... tooo boreing im gona go dune bugging lol 
washy washy washy in the clear blue cheer .. rinsy rinsy rinsy in the water < PROPFEMALE > clear ... hehe :) 
polotics ,,, lets talk polotics ...... OBAMA SUKS !!!!! ok thats all for tonights show .. come againg tommaroww .... 
i dislike politics and politions with a passion ..... :/ 
i love mountain dew like i love girls .... its a guy thing .... 
flamtoung dragons .... :) 
yeay only 79xp to level 8 lol .... i think i like this game cause i liked all the final fatasy games ... beat them all ... except for the new one .... just came out ..... im on final fantasy 13 ... 
friends bring happyness ... some by coming ... some by going ... its never ending ... 
I bought a hat ..... 
My life is like murphys law .... everything that can go wrong will go wrong ... 
i have nothing on my mind ... yet i have the whole univers on my mind ... im spacin out ... 
on my mind ... hmmm ... no joy left in life ... ha what a concept .. 
a galatic space battle on the rugged terrain of a < PROPFEMALE > ... wow ... waht a fight ... 
today i woke up and there was a film over my eyes when i opened them ... it was blury ... then i woke up again ... and this time my eyes were gone ... then i woke up and i didnt know what to belive ... but all i know is that my whole life is a dream and maybe worse ... not real at all .... 
< PROPFIRST > hurley and i are joining varsity tennis ... yeah !!! :) 
yet another trip to the movies alone ... :( ... owell ... hhahaha :) 
one question ... WHY ? ... try answer it i dare you too ... 
holy crap when u dont go on face book for a few months theres way too much to catch up on ... lol .... 
some where out there in the dark mist of space lays our ancestors ... creepy ;) 
haha finding old friends that i knew back when i was in elementry .. lots to catch up on :) 
well the damn fuloughs arnt canclled anymore lol ... congress needs to make their damn minds up lol ... 
ok so my friend and i were talking about asking girls out ... advice of the week , dont start by asking a girl if they like u ,,, not a good start ... best thing to do is be friends first ... 
time go moi moi lol ... work tommarow . blows but hey its money ,,, worth every second .. ;p 
yeay my grandparents are comming .. sept im jelous they get to drive the new durango and i dont :( ahhh bored again ... owell lol .. 
wish my girl could come over but shes so busy with hw ... grr ... love ya babe ..... 
need 9 more friends to make 69 lol .... 
I'm confused ... ? _ ? 
grrr comp xp cd needs drivers , and my floppy died ,,, grrr ,, 
rave music is dumb .. lol .. no point to it .. its the same thiing over and over again ... 
Damn .. have the flu .. feel like shit .. : l 
Got this headach where it feels like someone is pouring battery acid on my brain ... I hate migrains ... : l 
yeay i have 69 friends ... ballin lol ... 
fucking < PROPFIRST > makes my friends list 70 ... lol ... gota delet somone . :) 
wooooo yeay ... got my status back .. lol .. 
pop corn is like the best snack food ever .... esp . when playing computer games and surfin facebook ... :) 
grrr seinors out .. ima miss some of them ... 
grrr wonder if laurens dad likes me ??? 
im board . comp dosent work .. and my life is knina sliping from me .. lol . totaly going into space mode ... 
need to make some more videos over the summer ... :) 
look at all my new friends .. haha that i met from my mom ... lol .... 
errins leaving what will we do .. lol .. find ah new white girl .. nah never one as cool though .. miss ya 
today was long and fun .. went beach and cruzid with kuni and < PROPFIRST > ... 
Girl friend , Beach , Sun , Buds , Surfboards .. what more could i ask for , god summers great ;) 
game called frikken worms is like the funnest game ever 
Sitting in my chill room with my chill mug watching my chill tv , chillin till I pass out ;) 
wonderin when ill get my blue jacket back ??? :/ 
when you drop in a rush of excitment flows through your body but when you pull back into that barrel you feel like life could stop forever and your in a dream .. 
Damn surfing is fun ... 
munchie master recipee of the day #36 : 1/2 pound spicy ahi poke , small bag tostitos chips , small bag shreaded cheese , vegies(optional ) sear the poke , then lay down chips on cookie sheet and place poke cheese and vegies on top of chips . place under broil in your oven . dont for get they in there .. 
Our truck is posesed 
Surf was so shitty yester day , man what's with this wind ,,, I'm sick of it hahaha 
Yes ,, six pack of purple stuff and hours of eye blistering video games ,,,, 
The world will end in 2012 , may not be mass distruction , but it will end 
Tracks dint go off today like I wanted it to ... -_- 
