eating homemade ice cream :-) 

picking up sister later 
work from 12 to 10 this is going to suck 
ugh my throat hurts like a bitch 
I finally know who my roommate ! sort of ... 
im bored i'm going to watch ink heart if anyone wants to talk just call my cell 
ugh i hate being sick 
im bored and sick not a good combo 
ugh how long am i suppose to stay sick ? 
watching the knowing 
I'm sad 
leaving 
Medicine is finally kicking in ! 
making snickerdoodles :-) 
He's coming back 
snickerdoodles are amazing now for the brownies 
off to the store 
stupid car died on me 
AP scores finally in 
bored ... 
packing .... sort of 
back from fish camp 
moving day is the 23 ! :-) 
work :-( 
moved in ! 
going to explore the rec center ! haha and workout 
ready for school to start 
school starts in 3 days ... 
2 days ... 
school starts tomorrow 
is bored to death in my room 
< PROPFEMALE > sleepy ... 
41-6 
whoop ! 
I miss my baby ... :-( 
You know wat sucks . We have school on Monday .... Im a lil depressed 
Anyone wanna help me fight a bitch ? 
Man that girl is stupid 
I hate chemistry ! Too much hw that i just dont want to do . Reminds me of calculus .... 
Just had a firedrill , thought I was done with those when i left highschool ... 
Going home tomorrow can't wait to see my man :-) 
Back to college station ... 
The days go by slow but the weeks go by fast 
Chemistry is making a little more sense ... 
almost the weekend 
I want ice cream or chocolate chip cookies ..... 
hates chemistry 
mondays are self explanatory 
chemistry test tomorrow :-( 
guys ! anyone who is willing to buy a blue pitbull puppy for $200-250 please comment on here or call me ! [ 832]334-9733 ... he has to be taken to a good home or they'll put him down at the SPCA ! :[ or a black pitbull girl for 100-150 ... they're both registered !! please please let me know !!! 
SOMEBODY PLEASE IF YOU'RE INTERESTED IN BUYING A BLUE PITBULL PUPPY FOR $200-250 or CALL ME ! [ 832]334-9733---THEY'RE REGISTERED && NEED A GOOD HOME OR THEy'LL HAVE TO BE PUT DOWN AT THE SPCA !! :[ 
sink wont stop running . now im going to hear this all night long great ... 
The average grade in the test for my chemistry class was a 58 
going back to cypress 
ramen ! 
Technical Abstract .... yuck 
almost friday ... 
Only one more class :-) 
Too much rain + too much wind = broken umbrella 
spanish midterm in two hours :-( 
Procastination 
no more tests until next week :-) 
4 days til the weekend ... 
three days ... and fyi chemistry sucks 
two more days til the weekend :-) 
one more day .... for me 
stupid cell phone and stupid storm but happy anniversery anyway 
Cell completely died so i lost all my < PROPFIRST > so if you want me to have your number just text it to me with your name so i know who it is 
no < PROPFIRST > since cell died so text me with your name 
Got a new cell but lost all my < PROPFIRST > so text me with your name if you want me to have it 
almost friday ! 
hurry up and be friday already 
Its friday ! :-) cant wait to go back to cypress 
everything needs to slow down 
FACEBOOK TRICK : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key then right click Then press up & down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU kinda cool yet annoying 
Cy-Woods is winning 28 to 17 for ya'll who want an update 
35-17 Cy Woods 
35-23 
final score is 35-29 
Today sucks 
Technical Abstracts can kiss my ass 
dead day 
im allergic to studying 
chem test .... o joy ... 
one week left and then just finals and they're were finally free 
four finals to go ... 
Still four to go :-( 
< PROPFEMALE>'s is fattening but good ... 
1 test today , tkd tournament , 1 test tuesday , 2 wednesday , and then i'm done yay ! 
too much info to take in 
My freedom is almost here 
three tests to go ... 
Apparently something exploded in one of the chem buildings and people got to evacuate during their finals . I don't know if that sucks or if its a good thing ? 
two finals to go 
free 
Can't wait to go to spain 
leaving tomorrow 
En Sevilla 
En Magala 
En Toledo 
Going to Madrid then to Barcelona ! 
Cena y despues < PROPFEMALE > partido de futbol en la plaza de toros 
Spain vs . Chile 
Busy week 
2 Tests + 2 Presentation + 2 papers + 1 interview = my last week in Spain 
Three days until im in cypress 
2 
manana ... 
Made it home now im going to sleep :-) 
Summer is going by way too fast 
Almost done with school only to start it all over again ... 
free smores :-) 
48-7 Go TAMU ! 
I wish I had monday off 
I hate school 
YAY ! Texas A&M vs Oklahoma 33-19 
Anyone not going to the Nebraska game that has a sports pass I can borrow ? 
Stop by the Sul < PROPMALE > statue in front of the ACAD Blding tomorrow , to help Pennies for Puppies , a fund raiser for Aggies for Animals Rescue . Bag up all your pennies ( nickels and dimes and quarters too ) to stop by from 10:30 to 2:30 . All the change you give will go toward the new building for the Brazos Animal Shelter . There will also be some very cute puppies there for petting purposes and also puppies for adoption ! 
less than a month until christmas :-) 
My last two finals are today ! 
watching kung fu pand in spanish . lets see how that goes ... 
last day of work :-) 
Physics bleh .... 
i was really hoping school would be cancelled today :-( 
< PROPFEMALE > Gutierrez 
< PROPFIRST > Hernandez 
< PROPFEMALE > Ramirez 
< PROPFEMALE > Mejorado 
:-( two more tests ... will this week ever end ? 
3 down 1 to go :-) then snickerdoodles 
lol now only a lab practicle :-) 
hello < PROPFEMALE > Gutierrez and < PROPFEMALE > Mejorado 
I want cookies :-( 
