Good news - I'm going back to school ! 

leaves for Michigan tonight ! Happy wedding to Ruthy and Colm Kirwin ! 
Michigan was fantastic ! I really miss it already , sad . But I came back with a lot more confidence about something good ...! 
So bummed ... 
Had a great day at Hershey Park with a good friend ! 
is doing pretty good today , but a little upset 
is going to have a good couple of days ... 
I'm smashing baby ! 
Somehow I got kissed on the head and tatooed two girl's ass ' before the first beer 
Is planning his birthday party while riding up to new york city . Plus doing a lot of thinking this morning ... 
How can so many bad things happen in one month ? 
starting school tomorrow . And the Ravens whomping of the Redskins was pretty 
school was frickin ' great ! I loved being around dorks like me . oh but I hate math 
taking a homework break on facebook . Had an interesting day : worked a mid on the patio - started out hot as hell so I was phased within 30 < PROPFEMALE > . Went to gym . Went back to work . Within 30 < PROPFEMALE > we had tornado-like storms . Phased again . Total sales in my scheduled 9 hour shift : $0 . 
I think it would be funny if you sent a random message to your friend's own facebook friend and talked some shit like - dude I think I saw you doing crack last night . Keyword : random 
is finally going to a < PROPFEMALE>'s game ! MNF here we go . Is this the year I actually like these thugs ...? No - Go Colts . Go Giants . 
is going to my first < PROPFEMALE>'s game tonight ! 
I don't even know what the gym looks like anymore 
has moved ! 
Definitely Tigers and we'll pull for the Lions as well ( Best of the Worst ) 
up early to study before work 
ugh , Bloody Tigers 
14 Tigers status updates ... good job everyone on networking the Tigers ' suckiness . 
Do you ever search through profiles on facebook and wonder \what the hell is wrong with people ? \"" 
< PROPFIRST > Barkley somehow got rehired by TNT and is now drunk as shit analyzing who are the best teams in the west , \Sssssan Tonio Spurs and Laaah Lakerz . \"" 
\Be nice or be not ! \"" 
Let's Go Sparty ! 
If someone in a store offers you assistance and they don't work there , you might live in Michigan . 
If you have worn shorts and a coat at the same time , you might live in Michigan - I did that last night 
I'm in a great mood ! 
Let's Go Colts ! Let's Go Colts ! 
If your breathe is bad , then don't come near me ! 
preparing for yet another exam on Wednesday 
go colts !!! 
Go Colts !!! 
GO COLTS !!! 
I've been craving ice cream since yesterday and need help ! 
Our snow is being removed on our street !!!! 
I want to know who gave me a soar throat ! 
is excited to use the gym tomorrow ! 
Concert was Awesome ! So many different styles of music ... creative in every sense . Now prepping for ANOTHER final exam 
Had waaaay too much going on this weekend , now I'm trying to play uber catch-up before work 
Just uploaded my first two videos onto YouTube ! 
What it is ! 
< PROPFIRST>'s Hot Sauce plus Sweet Baby < PROPFIRST>'s BBQ Sauce = Gentleman's Delight 
The world is Celebrating < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>' Birthday 
in class getting props on my jump suit and choice of music 
Just got home from class . Man ... so much work to do for Saturday double classes . Sux But taking a lady out for drinks and movie afterwards 
Working on class paper , not wanting to go to work 
Let's Go State ! Tip-off at 6:15 pm 
hoping for teo days off @ end of week so I can prepare for finals 
hate my effing job . don't see much success for my two finals on Saturday 
Who wants to go on a ski tip to CO with me ? Cheap rooms ; skiing @ Breckinridge for 2 days and party like rockstarz ? 
Goodnight Baltimore and all the friendly police cars and helicopters keeping us in a safe and drug-free school zone ! I will forever think of you as the raindrops on my window on a clear Spring night 
A little study , a lot of double , and a bit more study 
Just a little tired today . Just a little ... 
good luck Jahmal Green ! 
Thougths following first exam : Rough 
Exam #2 : ultra rough 
Ugh stressful week has gotten me sick AGAIN 
going to rest-up today to kick this cold 
Looking for suggestions on cool things to do in Philly area Friday night 
I'm a yard nome 
I don't see how I can go through so many hubcaps . Bought a new set two days ago , lost one yesterday . How does this happen ? 
Surprising her with Phantom of the Opera tickets tonight 
I have the tetris song in my head 
It's time to rock-out 
Looks like the Wings will advance ! 
Feeling pretty good about the Caps loss tonight 
one jello shot , two jello shots , tequilla ! 
this school week is going to be Brutal ! 
Doing lots of schoolwork ... and even laying out on my roof . Perfect double utilization of my time ! 
So the laying on the roof thing caused me a lot of redness 
Thinkin ' about it ... might do it ... 
Sauteed mushrooms and onions in < PROPFEMALE > oil , Italian spices , and garlic salt . Put that over warm tuna and provolone cheese . Complimented with a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s < PROPFEMALE > Wheat . \ 
\ 
Life is GOOD ! 
Preakness was awesome ! 
A solid 13hr day @ work 
Tomorrow class is going to be rough ... 8 hours and counting down 
Finals this week , get a week off and then two new classes ! Exciting plans between now and then : job interview Wednesday , start new bar promos in DC , Brew at the Zoo , SoWeBoh ! 
Want to go for a run but am tired from work . Staying in tonight before Brew at the Zoo tomorrow and another Ketel One promo 
It's been a good ride 
Just bought another CD online . You know when I do that I must be bored in class 
very tired 
my weird classmate just said \anal-leakage \"" 
I just sever < PROPMALE > Péna from the New York Yankees ! pretty frickin sweet 
Here I come Ocean City ! 
At the beach ! 
Yup , it was like that 
Last night I served Mayor < PROPFEMALE > Rollins-Blake . She did not pay with a gift card 
On 3 hours of sleep . Wish I had more time to study for that midterm that everyone failed . 
Glad I got the night off from work . Going to get ahead on homework since I will be in Michigan on Thursday . 
In airport getting excited for filming trailer tomorrow in Michigan ! ( still the greatest state ) 
Successful day of filming ... back to Baltimore . 
We're here for you < PROPFIRST > ! 
exhausted from work and heat . Watching movie with lady tonight 
Just got endzone tickets to Penn State vs . Indiana at FedEx Field for Nov 20 ! 
Kicking back , listening to a little < PROPFIRST > Mayer and doing school work 
Taking a final exam tonight . This ends my first year of grad school ! 
Classes done for now ... shooting my first commercial today ! 
On roof after bad $ day @ work . Drinking lots of wine and watching lightning 
Back home in the Midwest ! Visiting family and friends in MO 
It's been a great week in MO seeing awesome friends and family ! To Mirbear , Treis ' , Dad , Mom , Kath , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , PawPaw and McGauleys - thanks ! I'll miss it 
Flying back tonight . Getting drunk , I mean drinks in St. < PROPFIRST > airport . 
Went to Ocean City for a quick day with CA and Mare . Fun ! Started new class tonight , but this time down in DC . Yuck ! 
Starting to plan my birthday party ... 28 this Saturday ! 
Too tired to think right now 
Pickled Parrot Friday night , 8pm . 3020 < PROPMALE > Street , just off of Canton Square . 
@ Poartside celebrating 
It's my birthday and I'm drunk bitch 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes - the past few days have been awesome ! 
All my Traverse City people Holla ! I'm back home this week . Looking to hit beach and < PROPFEMALE > out 
Back to < PROPFEMALE > , sigh 
Back home now getting ready for a busy week 
How did I wake up with a fat lip but no abrasions ? 
Trying to get out of the cake 
nothing is on my mind . well a million things really are , but nothing worth delving in to . nothing 
In Fed with < PROPMALE > 
I got an A ! 
Last winery of the season is upon us . Is it really time for seriousness ? 
Working things out 
Too much is on my mind ...! 
Ugh , with an extra helping of Ugh ! 
Making changes 
No matter what I try I just can't fall asleep at a reasonable time . 
Ok , now I'm stressed with school . The final quiz is now a final exam NOW worth 50% of the grade on Monday . Other class : < PROPMALE > paper and presentation due this Saturday . Another class : Paper we thought was due next Wednesday is NOW due Sunday night ! 
Almost in the clear ... 
In the clear . Might get back into the thick of it in a couple weeks . 
I'm very happy today 
Boogers 
Class is dragging . Need something from phone to excite me ! 
Guess I forgot to tag a few photos 
Looks like I'll be in the City of Brotherly Love today ! 
Watching Bond and Shake Weight videos 
Cleaning . How fitting ... 
Not too happy with Michigan State dropping to 16th in AP Poll . And Auburn ... ranked behind Boise State ! Really ? Well ... let's Go Colts ! 
One year ago , a certain waiter met a certain nurse - and they've enjoyed each other's company ever since ! 
Anyone want to go to the Penn State vs . Indiana game with me ? Or buy my tickets ? 
My feet are a little sore . ( go tell your friends ) 
Working in DC today , I just felt like letting my friends know . 
Got most of Christmas shopping and wrapping done today 
Touring US Capitol today ! 
Tailgating Penn St. vs Indiana 
I think everyone passed out since there aren't any responses after a day long of Drinking ... so for now I'm just gonna stay in and watch a movie . 
Really bummed I missed the Auburn vs . Alabama game . For some reason I thought it started @ 7:30 pm . 
Had fun at the < PROPFEMALE>'s game this weekend 
Name this character's quote : \Gersh gurndy morn-dee burn-dee \"" 
< PROPMALE > got into the Michigan State Police Academy today ! 15 year dream come true ! 
Home in Michigan ! 
Heading to Alabama for Christmas 
Snowing in Alabama ! 
I'm definitely not getting my paper done right now 
A sign on the lawn at a drug rehab center said : ' Keep off the Grass . ' 
The week was really fun ! 
Listening to a good country mix that hasn't played in a lonnng time 
Prediction : Green Bay 24 - Pittsburgh 17 
Pretty satisfied ! 
not sure how much more tired I can get 
Interviews tomorrow ... 
In search of fast food last night I drove to a Steak ' n Shake for a delicious Butterfinger milkshake . I became so impatient ( given it was only about a minute ) that I just drove away . I wonder if the car behind me got a milkshake surprise ? 
Come to find out that the burger I did get last night had a < PROPFEMALE > onion fall from it into the car . The little guy stank up the Entire car ! 
Somehow my FB hasn't been updating on my phone . Looks like I'm a few days behind on messages . 
