nothing 

sittin by the lake only one up thnk ima spark me up a hooter while no ones lookin lol 
got drunk passed out got wrote on good times lol 
first fathers day without < PROPFEMALE > trying to keep my < PROPFEMALE > up :/ 
cant fuck with hardstyle ! 
? no idea ? 
\This Is The Impossibility Of The Exicstence Of Anything\ " as qouted by < PROPFIRST > Kerovac " 
BRING YOUR GOD DAMN GANGBANGIN BF BRING IT ILL BEAT HIS FUCKIN FACE INTO TO THE GROUND AND BRING YOUR FUCKIN CHILD SUPPORT BITCH ILL PAY AND GET MY DAUGHTER AND LEAVE YOUR SLUTTY BITCH ASS IN THE DUST WHAT !!!!!!!!!! 
glad i have friends :/ 
earliest ive been up in forever ! 
I WANT JAPENESE SHUFFLING GF !!! 
To live is to die and to die is to be reborn so fuck this life ill race you to the other side ! 
tonight might be very interesting .... hmm 
if you have the keep them i you dont look for them 
phone died wont charge uber gay :( 
y do i feel this intense feeling of loneliness somethings missing a hole that i cant fill an emotion i cant obtain a life i cant have ????????? 
me(eeeemmmmmppppttttyyyy hhhhhoooooolllllleeeeee ) you = careless 
the hopeless romantic on the verge of finding himself lost and confused help him find his way ? no never he has to do it on his own he has to do it ......... he has to 
im so fucked i cant even comprehend whats going on around me ! 
at this point in time on how i feel right now i love all sentimental beings on this planet and peace within 
If you do not like it deal with it ; If you love it take it . 
my face is swollen and it hurts and i have to wear a bandage on my face for 3 three days if not longer :( uber gay ! 
ok i feel a little bit better 
will this night get better ? god i hope < PROPFEMALE > ....... 
Its amazing how much ppl underestimate me and my connections lol so neive . 
I wont stop fighting ; ill prove myself till the to prove to this town it cant fuck with me ! 
When everythin is lonely i can be my own best friend ............. 
Daddy didn't forget about you baby he just cant get to you ............ 
I need to leave and i need to party ! 
AAAAAHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
confused ????? 
God get me out of this place i need help but i dont know where to turn im spiritually not here anymore my place is somewhere else my < PROPFEMALE > i cannot fathom but its one i must find . 
why must it be so hard its been over a year and i still cant let you go ..... 
Life blows but what do you do ? You sit around doing nothing pondering on the fact that you cant do anything but feel self pity for yourself spending every waking day either doing nothing in your self pity or just simply getting fucked up to drown the sorrow of that self pity ; bottling up your emotions hiding things from people getting intense suppression of mixed emotions 
and feelings not telling anybody putting a fake smile on everyday just to hide the fact that your dying inside just from one thought ; one thought turns to two then three then your whole mind is racing and you dont know what to do heart beating face flushed loneliness getting worse you start hearing things and seeing things having flashbacks and getting scared worried about your sanity 
then all of a sudden you remember why your here your purpose for living your one ...... your daughter ...... your whole world and you live on . 
Eat twat , Smoke pot , and smile alot =) 
I'm in a Tinychat with 2 other people @ http://tinychat.com/angelamireles 
I dont understand life its so confusing ppl are going to read this and say duhh !!! but alot of the time im not just confused im sad idk what to do few ppl make me happy and theirs few ppl that i feel comfortable around oh fuck it why am i writing anymore 
Ill never give up but ill always surrender v_v 
im so fucking confused .... 
The\ 
reason why people give up so fast is because they tend to look at how \ 
far they still have to go instead of how far they have gotten . 
Anyone want to video chat ? Join my chatroom - http://tinychat.com/angelamireles 
“Weird”\ 
itself , even in the dictionary , is just something that is different and\ 
unexplainable . A weirdo is someone who follows their heart . I’m \ 
definitely weird , nothing is wrong with that . 
i miss her so much ........... 
=D ......... lost it :/ 
WHERE THE FUCK IS < PROPFIRST > DAMMIT !!!! >=/ 
fuckin crazy asshole ...... 
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream . 
i think about you everyday i dream about you every night i can never get you off my mind your eyes .... your eyes see straight through me they .... kill me inside . 
Genuine love is only genuine when it shows itself in action . 
wild night luv ya < PROPFEMALE > ! lol 
I love how this town(teenagers)has nothing better to do than talk shit about me blahhhh fuck you hahahah 
They will see us waving from such great such great heights , come down now they'll say , but everything looks perfect from far away come down now but well stay . 
i wrote a poem check it out 
get out of my head ! 
Life is like a puzzle ; You try to put it together but can never find the pieces that fit . 
feelin nifty ! 
why are so many ppl puttin cartoons as their pics ??? i dont know whose who anymore ! lol 
\My head told my heart let love grow but my heart told my head this time no this time no \"" 
phones turned off for awhile oh well madhatters tomorrow whoop whoop ! 
my head hurts :/ i must get you out of my head i think im going to medidate . 
Adolescence represents an inner emotional upheaval , a struggle between the eternal human wish to cling to the past and the equally powerful wish to get on with the future . - < PROPFEMALE > J . Kaplan 
hmmm goodnight facebook V > V 
I do not kno the answers in a world full of questions 
When your to sick to sing with your fullest intent thats when you know somethings wrong . 
hmm goodnight \\V > V/ 
whats so < PROPFEMALE > about christmas ? Um ok whew free shit ! 
hmmm soco and < PROPFIRST > not a great mixture lol oh well ...... Hey !!! lets visit shwasted ville your driving !!! 
I love how you get into poke wars with like 5 different people that you barley talk to haha 
FUCK ....... 
The person that does not embrace the future will get devoured in the present . 
It's better to be ruled by one corrupt < PROPMALE > than to be ruled by entire corrupt government . 
I can only wish , these thoughts are only dreams .... 
alone again .... always alone ..... 
headed back to btown so fun ya right 
My life is spiraling downward uncontrolably . 
Bon iver you really know how to talk to me ... 
nobody knows the real me nobody knows what i think and feel i could talk you with this big huge story we could spend hours on the phone talking and it'll all be lies you cant know me shit i dont even know the real me im stuck in a parallel of confusion figured me out ? id love to hear it ... 
i guess i just wasnt good enough for you ... 
fuck me right ? 
32665 
You already know all the answers in the universe , they just have'nt been explained to you yet . 
Cant wait to leave this place , im ready to move on , im ready to follow the < PROPFEMALE > that has been layed before me and that < PROPFEMALE > is not here . 
feel like shit ehh 
Sometimes i wish you could catch me when i fall ... 
Truth is , everybody is going to hurt you ; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for . \ - < PROPMALE > Marley " 
God damn I.D. requirements >:/ fuck i gotta get one 
I honestly dont care what your social status is famous or not your human start acting like it dude . 
god dammit i miss that girl :/ 
fuuuuuuuuuuuck 
I am who i am , who the fuck are you ? 
holy freakin be-jesus !!! 
... boom 
... life is fucked up 
This hole is just not deep enough for me to crawl into .... 
If i wrote down everything i am currently thinking ; It'd wrap around the world . 
They say life is what you make of it ...... I say life makes you . 
... boo 
Its gonna be a long day ... 
Here we go ..... 
If im already gonna fall off the < PROPMALE > please dont push me . 
You really are my ecstasy . 
thank you to all who wished me a happy bday :) i love you guys ^.^ 
The sun sparkling on the water , telling me a secret that i cannot understand to a question ive always wanted answered , to a life that i can never have . 
