why do so many people have to hate ... why not just love 

people need to stop tripen on me and just live their own dam life 
goin to the lake to deal wit some drama .... sadly thats what my life has consisted of for awile thank god for all my true friends thats all i need in life to be ok 
to bad he didnt show up .... oh well thats just one more thug wana be i dont got to deal wit 
bed time i guess ..... im not tired at all like always but i got school in the morning yay got to get up at 5am oh well its just a half day lol insted of 2pm i get out at 11:15 am :) wish i had something to do tomorrow .... hint hint lol jk kinda 
IM SO BORED ..... im just sitting at home doin nothin on a friday night 
well later tonight should be real interesting ...... 
why do people have to lie ?? im just thankful i have some friends that dont lie .... 
really hope that the rest of the friends i have left are truthful and not liers ...... most of them are great and i thank god for that ... i just need to get rid of all the liers ... 
Why is it that whenever im busy everyone wants to hangout ??.... But then when im free no one wants to hangout with me ??... 
gona go to bed in like an hour goodnight everyone 
kinda bored wana go do something but theres nothing to do 
i so dont feel like walking to the store ... oh well gona do it anyway grr 
i got a < PROPMALE > headace so im going to bed goodnight everyone 
going bowling tonight .... whatever 
guess im staying home .... cant get a hold of anyone and dont have a way there so i guess bordom is on the list of things to do tonight 
well im awake now .... hope that i get to do somthing today and not just sit at home all day 
sitting at home bored like always ... really wish there was something to do or someone to go see 
Some times I feel all alone ... Even if im surounded by a croud of people ... 
Goodnight every one .... 
I have no idea if i said or did something wrong .... Im so sorry for whatever it was ... Please just let me know what it was insted of ignoring me .... Wow I sound desprit ... 
Ronan keating & < PROPFEMALE > rimes - Last thing on my mind ....... best song ever lol 
im goig to bed shortly goodnight everyone .... i miss u 
i guess its time to forget about friends that dont want to talk to me .... idk what i did but i hope your happy have a nice life ill leave you alone now 
had a hella fun day and night lol :) 
when you find a bump in the road of life just jump over it 
just sitting at home bored .. i wish there was something to do 
had a really nice time today ... friday should be alot of fun :D 
grrrr i cant wait till friday ...... just got to get threw today 
so tired .... mom kept wakeing me up 
yay my walls r all done and the stars r up :D 
spent all day with a really nice guy had alot of fun ... gota wake my mom up at 10am so im goin to bed now lol 
should finish cleaning my room but im lazy lol 
29 days to go 
27 days =) 
23 days left =) 
19 days to go 
18 days to go its getting so close i cant barely wait 
only another 11 days left 
4 days till my birthday 
cant belive my birthdays on saterday 
23 hours bitches 
18 hours now iv woken my mom up for work and its time for me to go back to sleep 
4 hours till my birthday 
less then 2 hours till my birthday 
wish there was somthin to do .... 
fuckin haters leave my girl desi alone 
just got home gona hop in the shower and then do whatever 
18 weeks pregnant .... 22 more to go 
Only 22 weeks till I have a baby ... Wow its gona by faster then I thought 
FRENCH TOAST !!! hahaha my mommys cooking french toast 
About 19 weeks far now 21 left 
Yay .. Finally got a name picked for both genders :) 
so bored .. i miss my baby .. i love you < PROPFIRST > 
Gona try and get some sleep .. Was kinda hoping < PROPFIRST > was gona call today :( I love u baby 
In < PROPMALE > with my baby for a couple days hopefully get to see my bitch today :) 
Finally feeling better not so tired now ... Hope everyone has a good day 
Hella bored .... Wish I was in < PROPMALE > :( 
guess i should go to sleep .. maybe tomorrow will be better 
gona get some sleep maybe tomorrow will come with better news 
so happy now !! :D 
gona get some sleep hopefully everything goes as planed tomorrow 
So fuckin bored ... If anybody wants to chill hit up my cell im in < PROPMALE > for awile 
guess i should go to sleep ... hella miss < PROPFIRST > and my bitch brii wish i hadnt left 
