Saw a llama attack a skunk today . Thats country . 

happy solstice !! 
one draft down , one to go ! 
I'm ready to go home ! One more month hopefully . 
We are on our way to eat sushi ! Yummy for my tummy . 
the sleet is moving in ! 
I have an interview in < PROPMALE > next week . Keep your fingers crossed for me ! 
I think I'm over moving to Alaska ! It's cold in Texas ! 
Breaking up is hard . He wants half of everything ! 
Go Mavs ! 
Go Mavs !! 
Go Rangers ! 
Pim Rocks ! 
It is so freaking hot ! 
Finally my treadmill is being put up tomorrow ! I cant wait ! 
Happy Solstice ! The count down to winter begins ! 
73 days , 17 hours and 29 minutes to fantasy fb draft ! 
60 days , 14 hours & 35 minutes to live draft ! 
Three months to go until fall . It better be fkn spectacular or I'm moving . 
According to my horoscope I need gin and barbituates to deal with my real reality ! 
no more < PROPFEMALE > . ever !! 
Was talked into going out again ! Help me ! 
is up without a hangover ! can actually take my mom to breakfast . 
Enough with the suspense ! Hate watching live tv 
Project runway and Football ! 
have a yahoo public fantasy football league if anyone would like to join . league id is #480827 
Just say no to crunches . Your stomach muscles will thank you . 
my mind needs stimulation 
Today sucked . Tonight hopefully not so sucky . 
Just put me out of my misery 
Wants < PROPFIRST > & Pacos 
Go Cowboys ! 
where can I buy tahini ? 
Cutler better score ! 
yeah baby . won all four leagues ! 
octoberfest beer is finally here again ! 
Nope 
1851 here we come 
Finally found a heavy metal bar . Fkn eh 
Should I drink a beer and watch football or get off my ass and workout 
My cats are staring at me ! They don't ever stop ! 
Thanks so much for the birthday wishes . I have some awesome friends . Bitches made me pick up my own tab ! 
is cooking ! 
Cowboys and Octoberfest beer . Again 
Time for a new job 
Go Rangers !! 
No metal tonight . Freaking cover band 
Stop the torture 
I listened to live rockabilly saturday night . It was pretty cool . 
All of my teams suck today 
- on my mobile with eBuddy www.ebuddy.com/android 
broke my phone and lost all of my contacts . can everybody please text me ? with a picture if possible . thanks 
Out with the girls . It's been awhile . Woo hoo . Karaoke bar here we come ! 
