wow- last night was something . best night ive had in a really really long time-I'm still laughing- it was totally ridonculous . 

the dog trainer is coming over .. my dogs are in for a rude awakening ! 
swatt tomorrow then work then taking the doggies for a walk ! yay 
swatt tommorow/work/then grand rapids with the ladies 
swatt tomorow a.m. then work .. then take doggys for a walk . 
cannot wait to go to chicago for the weekend with the ladies ! 
chicago for the weekend yay ! i have to leave my husband and my puppys though :( 
i am sooooo sick !!! i hate this ... thanks < PROPFIRST > ! haha :) 
this is going to be the most depressing week of my life ! 
cant stop laughing at the chi-town picts ! swat tomorrow a.m. then work alllll day .. boo 
im excited to go to work tomorrow .. :) weeeee 
having a bbq with the ladies tonight 
going on a dinner date with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and hubby 
yeah . 
hanging with the ladiess heeeyyyy 
tiiirrreeddd ! another 10 hour day .. beautiful ... going out again tonight with my faves . 
im sad .. my best friend is leaving ... :( 
ready to start the week out ! yay ! 
my brother in law is coming into town from cali . so excited ! 
to the lake house we go ~ 
going to dawns reception this evening w/girls from work and hubby .. yay ! it is going to be so much fun ... open bar ya know . 
ready for the weekend , holla . 
hangin out with sar bear tonight ! yay ! 
wilbull what ? hanging with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > yay !! 
going to chelseas wedding then maybe hanging with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFEMALE > and i are headed to chicago thurs-fri ! it will be so much fun ! 
boys are in a golfing tournament prolly hanging w/sara 
i am sick !! son of a bia 
oh you know .. hanging with the chikkies this evening 
errr im sick ! resting in bed all day 
gym for a couple hours then lunch w/lorrie , paula , and kel , then hanging w/sar bear 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are coming and staying at our house this weekend !! i can not even wait ! 
going out with the crew .. its been too long ! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are leaving today ! back to normal life ! have a safe drive home . 
having girls night-dressing up for halloween and pickle shots- thats what im talking about :) weeee 
girls night was a success- ended up at wild bull- most fun ive had in a long time . 
to my parents house we go- celebrating halloween- and to see my little cousin 
going to the cabin for a long weekend w/hubby and the doggies . 
home from the cabin-what an adventure . Now the weekend with hubby 
house chores- then to the neighbors for din din and football 
ohh you know going out with the girls ... its goign to be crazy .. it already is .. blakvjdlksa ; 
going to michigan city shopping with my momma all day 
making breakfast-cleaning-then having neighbors over for din din 
helping ms. < PROPFEMALE > with pictures- painting my bathroom- cleaning the house- putting up the christmas tree and decorating/wrapping presents then maybe going out with ally and < PROPFEMALE > ... weeeee 
home from < PROPFEMALE > - now back to normal life blah blah- dinner at the neighbors tonight and thats about all we have planned . 
this week sucks 
i cant even take it anymore- this week sucks 
hanging with hubby and bro- then going to a bonfire- holla 
just bought the wii- playing super < PROPFIRST > brothers with hubby alllllll day long ! weeeee-its me < PROPFIRST > 
ohhh you know- going to tennesee for a couple days- its 52 deg ., much better then 5 deg here . 
another 12 hour shift then 10 tommorow then having girls night w/my momma and sis 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are coming home- its going to be a fun weekend !! weeee 
going to zebs- ladies niiight- martinis all night --- chanels in town weeee 
I feel like I am at a totally different place in my life right now , its almost a relief , I feel very content- its fabulous ... I cannot wait for baby . 
hanging with the girls tonight 
pretty sure we dont have heat in our house- service guy is coming tomorrow ! 
I am so bored- hubby asleep on the couch with the three dogs- going to the neighbors later . 
S . W . A . T for a few hours- tanning-then cleaning the house-meeting with some dog clients- and thennnn relaxing on my day off .. weeeee 
just got outta work then we are going to the work party later , then hanging with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and possibly a after party at the neighbors late ... it shall be a fun evening ! 
ummm last night was so fun ! gotta love < PROPFEMALE > , because i sure do ! i havent laughed that hard in a long time 
errr having a horrible night ! 
mon : swat in the am then work 12 hrs ... then bed time ! tues : swat in the am then work 12 hrs then bedtime- ... blah ! 
got outta work early today weeee- week is almost half way over !! 
parents are coming over tonight for cards then tommorow meeting with some clients and possibly seeing the neighbors ... weee 
workou t-t anner-clean- then meeting with dog clients , then hubby comes home from work and maybe we can watch movies all night .. yay ! 
i guess its the superbowl today ? going to < PROPFEMALE > and jays this evening to celebrate the \holiday\ " weeee " 
When truth is discovered by someone else , it loses something of its attractiveness . 
hanging with sar tonight- possibly the bull ?? hm ? 
bro is over ... playing the wii and drinkin ... good times . 
my class at swatt this evening .. then tomorrow swat again , and work 10 hrs . how exciting ... right ? 
swatt-work ten hours-then prolly swatt again with the hubby- then movie night 
not having a good saturday-that is for sure . 
hey everybody ! I have a new < PROPMALE > dog , she is a pure bull mastiff female around 10-12 months that is looking for a home . Let me know if anybody is interested . she is beautiful ! 
i am sick ! temperature-sore thoat- the chills- horrible horrible- on a good note : my < PROPMALE > found a home- i am so happy ! 
i am feeling so much better- a day of rest did me good . 
going to the neighbors to celebrate kevins birthday ! yay ! 
ohh hanging with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > today- should be fun . 
work 7-5 , then going to < PROPFEMALE>'s aunties for her birthday dinner with hubby- then going to the bull with the crew to celebrate her bday !!! yayyyy 
just got home from gr- now i get the weekend with my hubby- oh so nice . 
Staying in tonight with hubby-sitting on the deck in the p.m. in the nice weather .. yay . 
Dogs are going home today- it's complete chaos right now 
dogs are gone home- now time to watch a movie ! tomorrow : swatt in the a.m then work 12 hours then sleepy's . 10 days n counting till florida ! cant wait . 
Life is < PROPFEMALE > short !... 
and i am supposed to be going on vacation this week ? its hard to even comprehend vacation when everything is turned upside down . 
visitation tonight ... gosh ... 
just got home from florida- cant believe how much i missed my doggies ! almost ready for real life to start monday . 
now that real life has started- i am dreading it . wish i was on the beach . anyways- work till noon , clean the house , thennnnn meeting with dog clients- pretty exciting huh ? 
pretty sure that one of the dogs were watching just took a dump on my coach purse .. happy saturday . 
so- definately going to < PROPFIRST > cago with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > from thurs-sat- cant wait- here we come < PROPFIRST > town ! Lots of laughs and randomness involved- for sure . 
poop . 
err work .. then probally mowing and cleaning- not exciting . 
cleaning- then hanging with the hubby alllll day long .. i cant hardly wait . 
its amazing what you can get done in one night ! tomorrow- working ten hours then going out with the girls- its been a week since ive seen them- way too long ! 
R . I . P < PROPFIRST > ! life is so precious . 
going to a funeral in the morning ... again . 
feeling so off today .. ugh . 
work for 4 hours then cleaning and then hanging with the grand parents tonight and family , should be a good time ! :) 
thanks for all the birthday wishes guys ! hanging with hubby and then the girls tonight ! love you guys ! 
two words for you : < PROPMALE > over ... what happened .. and why did the taxi drop us off 2 < PROPMALE > from my house ... my feet are blistered ... 
hanging out on the deck .. loving this weather 
i need to look forward to something , and that something is not work . 
just got back from thaa beach , man was that a lot of work ! 
umm pretty sure last night we set up the slip in slide in my front lawn- just call me white trash , but man was that fun ... now im feeeling my battle wounds . 
going to work for ten hours then going to south haven with a little picnic to watch the sunset with my hunny buns , happy friday ! :) 
home from the lake house ! what a fabulous weekend ! now .. we have no plans- so we'll see what happens ! :) wweeee 
ohh u know cleaning the house and then having a cook out ! weee .. rain or shine , rain or shine . 
yeah .... so i didn't work out this morning ... dang it ! - work 12 hours then , im sure ill go to bed ... exciting day , huh ? 
work then hanging with the girls ! hey hey hey 
work ten hours then ... who knows ?! hanging with hubby for sure ! 
work then helping < PROPFIRST > with the grad party- will be there a lot today !! congrats < PROPFIRST > ! 
had the best night last night- shlippity shliding-in the front yard of course . 
going to red lobster with hubby , the girls , and saras fam ! cant wait to see sars mom ! 
wow- was last night somethin-spent the ngiht at sar's sis house-lots of fun ! had a sleep over partay like we were in highschool again 
last night was ridonculous and < PROPFEMALE > much fun ! < PROPMALE > out w/bro and the hubby now today were off to indiana to see some good friends for the evening ! 
Pray for Philly- She is doing very poorly , I hope its not the end for her :( 
going to wayside with the ladddyyyysss 
goodbye philly-you will be missed . 
had an awesome night last night with some good friends after a horrible day- now deciding if we are going to a pool party or not . 
had the best night of my life which = 100 ft . slip n slide .. wowzas-thanks to < PROPFEMALE > my little toe is crippled . 
you khnow where its at 
happy anniversary to meeee !! 
work then < PROPFIRST > and nicoles partayyy ! should be a good weekend . 
the three legged race , and the safari adventure was aweesomee . -now i want hubby home . 
ugghhhh sick . 
chicago bound as of 6 pm tonight ! yay . 
had an awesome night last night ~ now im going to take a little nappy 
going to shipshewanna with my momma , aunts and my grandma ! weeee 
i am spoiled . the end . 
working ten hours and then having date night with the hubby , its almost the weekend .. yay . 
ughhhhhh work 12 hrs . 
if anybody is looking for free kittens or cats- lemme know ! their are so many that need homes ! 
i looooove my husband -- ohh baby . 
going to lunch with my dad ! then hanging with the hubby and possibly < PROPFEMALE > tonight ... weeeee 
going to the lake house with hubby and < PROPFEMALE > for the day then who knows what the evening will bring ! 
something is seriously wrong with me- ive never been in this much pain in my liiiiife ! im about to amputate my groin 
thanks to all the family and friends for supporting us this week .. this week has been really hard on us !! we are so lucky to have the people in our lives that we do ! love you all ! 
trying to be on bed rest- for me , this is really difficult , but now i can actually tell that i need it , played a little too hard friday night , now im payin for it ! if you are bored this week , come visit ! 
1 . bed rest = boredom , its only 9 a.m and im going crazy ! 2 . hubby finds out about his promotion . 3 . what should i make for dinner ? 
tired ... back to work ... 12 hours- coffee- check . 
work 10 hours then hangin with the hubby tonight .. tommorow i have off-cleaning the house and being productive , hopefully . 
having a cook out tonight for johns b-day ! should be fun :) 
going to the beach all day with < PROPFEMALE > doiy 
beach all day , beer < PROPFEMALE > , then a little dance party and on a serious note .. gotta work 10 hrs . tomorrow ! only young once i must say . must go to bed by 10 , have to be a little responsible . 
work ten hours- then getting my hair done , theennnnnn going to wayside later in the evening . i have tommorow off ... weeee 
vacation with some good company , smokey mountains here we come ! 
so just got back from vacation ! now back to reality ! 
so hubby surprised me with flowers at work , gosh how i love him ! work 11 hrs . tomorrow and then celebrating chanels bday tommorow night ! yay ! 
just got back from the lake .. it was peaceful and nice .. now just waiting for hubby to get home so we can start the weekend ! 
had a fever last night but today i feel great ! going to joes work party all day ! bowling , bumper cars , laser tag , here we come ! 
pretty sure i just downed a coke for breakfast , healthy . annnnnd hubby won the wii and wii fit at his work party , whats wrong w/havin two wii's , absolutely nothin i tell ya ! 
hubby is golfing at the yarrow waiting for him to get home ... one more 11 hr . day tommorow then four days off !! weeee ! what to do .. what to do . 
cleaning the house then tonight going to the lake house to < PROPFEMALE > with my parents and < PROPFEMALE > , its gonna be fun , pontoon boat ride fa sho . 
dance party at 1 a.m with the girls at the lake house like we have no worries in the world , maybe on top of a car , maybe , def . not normal , then to find out the neighbors were watching the \show \"- how am i ever going to live this one down ... trouble follows us i must say ! but it was a blast and very memorable :) " 
today- work 11 hours then tomorrow- grown up day with < PROPFEMALE > and we are going to garden and drink red wine . the end . 
anybody want a beautiful persian satan looking cat that likes to pee on the bed ? any takers ? 
erins surprise going away party was a success ! thanks to all that made it out and a special thanks to my wifey < PROPFEMALE > for helping ! love her . 
last night was , well lets just say , it was rather interesting but funnnn as always ! doiy . 
enjoyed my evening at the lake house last night w/hubby , bro , and parents .. now tonight i think its deck sitting weather ... maybe the neighbors will come over .. hm . 
work work work all day long . 
bonfire ... saras now ! its a four loco night ... oopsies . 
day off today- cleaning , laundry then going to din din w/hubby and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
so- pretty sure my car was broken into last night and the GPS was stolen , apparently I now live in the ghetto , terriffffff . 
Going for drinkypoo with momma , bro , and < PROPFEMALE > .. Then possibly wayside with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
last night was awesome . the end . 
work 12-5 then the weekend ... ldkfjakdjf 
dofaijflkdalfkjlkajlkjndkall ya heard . 
work work work , yup . 
I loove my life ! would not change a thing . 
some people should just not reproduce , that should be a law . 
last night was nuts , and who broke into my facebook account ? < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > or < PROPFEMALE > ?! whiccccchhhh oneee wassss ittttt 
work then layin low tonight with hubby , think im gonna pass on goin out , time to be a lame-o . 
first i hear that its supposed to snow , nowwww i hear four loco is getting banned off the shelf ? is this real life ? i am extremely dissapointed . 
lets review my week ... first of all , i pulled out of my driveway on my way to work , maybe a little too fast and ran into the herby kerby which then broke the mirror off my car , second it snowed , third , four loco is getting banned .. fourth i was attacked by a 90 lb . chow which was extremely tramatic , but he only got my arm , and tore my fav . sweat pants ... hope next week is better . 
hanging with the girls tonight weeee 
going to michigan city today to shop with my momma :) 
casino- here we come .. pretty sure were going to win like a million dollars .. doiy . 
i must say ... i have the best husband in the world :) 
dear insomnia , you are my arch nemesis ... i wish i could kick you where it counts . 
just had dinner with some of my besties , missed you < PROPFEMALE > ! now going to watch a movie with hubby 
ugh . 
my dogs were so excited to see snow this morning , and .. i was cursing . 
i hate < PROPFEMALE > airlines . never flying it again . 
home sweet home :) missed my puppies . 
lovin my life .. lunch with the rents then shopping with my momma , then bills and grocery shopping tonight with hubby 
having ally raino and < PROPFEMALE > over for lunchies and then maybe going christmas shopping ? hmmm 
Excited about your New Years < PROPFEMALE > Partayyy , and awaiting nicks arrival- this week is going to be vurrryy exciting . 
We are having a baby ! due date is july 20th , never have been so excited :) heard the heart beat today , what an amazing feeling . 
2010 was prolly the worse year of my life , but 2011 has lots of promises , especially with little baby in my belly . we are so ready . 
I have had an awesome couple days , now tonight i have my work partayy and tomorrow we are just gonna relax , ohhh how i love the weekend . 
work , thats what i do . 
picked up brother in law from airport last night- excited to spend some time with him- today lunch with the rents , then grocery shopping , and maybe a movie 
snow forts and snow ball fights .. pizza/soda and movie ... wii fitt all day long ... with my favorites .. it was a really good day . 
had a good dinner with the girls last night plus < PROPFIRST > , hubby and < PROPFIRST > - now going to lunch with my parents and < PROPFIRST > - tomorrow i work all day :) 
i hate kazoopys ! dont ever ever eat there . horrible customer service and the food was terrible .. i've never in my life had such a bad experience , they are officially black balled . 
morning sickness- second day in a row- and to think i had a really good run there for a while , now its back to haunt me . thought i was supposed to be getting over this . dafdfkjd ; la 
this whole not sleeping from 2:30 to 5 is getting old , i'm exhausted , just cant sleep . dang it baby . 
up again ... hopefully this time its not for the day . somethings gotta give . 
R.I.P. rio- you were a great car- maybe a little shady looking butttttt good transportation-now-i need to buy an suv- any recomendations ? 
costco grocery shopping in gr and then car shopping allll day long- i am really feeling the saturn outlook- lovin it . 
i think im ready for this baby after having to take care of my dogs last night- diahrrea and vomit all over the place , maybe if < PROPFEMALE > didnt break out of her crate and eat 20 cups of food , and a bag of treats she wouldn't be feeling this way . taking her to my work to fix her up . poor thing . 
snow day for me but not for hubby .. hangin with my dad ! 
If anybody is interested in Great < PROPMALE > / English mastiff puppies lemme know ! I am starting the waiting list . If you look under my pictures there is a picture of my dog who is from an earlier litter . 
hockey game tonight with the pepsi crew- then tomorrow is superbowl-weee 
being pregnant is for the birds- morning sickness again , thought this was supposed to be over with oh five weeks ago ?! bahhh 
this baby is making me have some crrrazy dreams- i dont know wether to be excited to go to bed or to be nervous , sometimes they are just nuts ! 
pulling up the carpet in the baby room with my fave girls-will be so happy when this room comes together ! 
working till seven on < PROPFIRST > s day- how romantic . at least i get to spend the evening with my favorite person in the whole world . He has been my < PROPFIRST > now for eight years , and it never gets old , it just gets better . 
work till five then going to sar's house for girls night- apparently baby liked me typing that because I just felt it kicking :) 
ohhhh hubby why must you work all weekend-your wifey and doggies miss you- off to tape the baby room off- gotta do somethin , im goin crazy and its only 9 a.m eek . 
baby room is primored ( sp ) -i officially have the best hubby ever .. black and yellow black and yellow . 
for everyone that is wondering- i am not painting my baby room black and yellow- i just have the song on tha brain . black and yellow black and yellow 
So- we are having a boy !! yay ! 
puppies , puppies , puppies ! 11 born last night- i am going to be whooped all day- mamma did such a good job ! love them . 
michigan city with my momma today ! shopping for baby stuff !! :) 
its possible that i could be buying maternity skinny jeans today- dont hate . 
had a great weekend with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > now off to real life , super . 
going to pinz tonight with my girls- then lunch with parents tomorrow and then < PROPFEMALE>'s bday dinner .. what a busy day . 
