Boredom 

the number 2x2 , 2(2 ) , 2*2 , 2 squared , and in other words 4 
i use to be 124 pounds , now i'm 114 . i need to eat !!!!!!! 
In 2011 , < PROPMALE > Zombie is releasing his version of The Blob . 
I just puke all my dinner but my question wat is could hav caused it ? 
just cleaned out my computer 
well just started playing silent hill shattered memories , had to quit it was getting to scary . P.S. the game formats to ur fears after ur done with ur therapy session . 
the ending of silent hill shattered memories is very depressing if u get the good ending , the others r funny . 
playing game called league of lengends at moment 
psychological bullshit is the theme for tommorow fuck is the word of the day 2012 is a cow pie that is going to hit u in the face I love weird shit 
randomness is the theme for tomorrow , crap is the word of the day , WMDs don't exist unless we make them , i love people 
i'm grouded for a damn week just because i didn't do my homework and instead doing it i went to sleep , this is bs , come on mom i didn't even ask u to excuse me from school today , all i asked was y don't u wake me up at 7:45 , 15 < PROPFEMALE > . before i have to go to the bus , i'm basically late everyday because of u . 
eatin ramen call me if needed . 
new clothes for school . 
omfg no more stormie on facebook , finally 
can't sleep , someone needs to talk to me . 
this trench coat i'm wearing is uncomfortable !! 
I'm bored 
well i'm not goin to be available for talking on the internet until about mon day could take longer to get hooked up to the internet 
things are getting weird for me lately(please don't ask questions ) . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
goin to see kickass soon 
< PROPFIRST > a fool and he deserves to be hit 
everyone don't click the video that says optical illusion , it's a trap , could be a virus 
got my ear repierced saturday ( for those who are idiot and don't know the rules of piercing ur ears , the RIGHT side is gay and LEFT is straight ) on the LEFT side . 
just moved , again 
i passed into chamber orchestra , fuck yeah ! :D 
everyone who has added me as a friend must comment their reason for it . 
attention everybody , your all invited to my dho concert . It takes place at mountain sky in the gymnasiam tomorrow at 7:00 pm . the pieces we are playing :\ 
1 . Fanfare Royale\ 
2 . Ludwigs Tango\ 
3 . Hungarian Dance NO . 5\ 
4 . QuickSilver\ 
5 . < PROPFEMALE > La Vida\ 
message or call for further information . 
installing silent hill 2 on my pc and it's a motherf***er to get running , going to take me 2 hours to finish 
this sucks league of legends server crashed today :( 
today just became the most confusing day for me 
it feels like 12am but when i look at the clock it tells me it's 8:45 pm 
too many birthdays this weekend 
there are bugs fuckin everywhere in my house , we need to call an exterminator 
5 crickets got to meet my nice shoes today , wait ......................... now 5(i thought killed u ) 
hr mercier , 2nd batson , 3rd shepard , 4th polanski , 5th sims , 6th mercier , 7th price . tell me if u got any classes with me . 
why can't i fall asleep !!!! 
gonna buy minecraft today 
wtf y is there spam messages being sent 
430 infections have been removed from my computer . 
damn i never looked at the amount of songs i have in my itunes , 4752 
https://powerthirst.ca/store.aspx\ 
\ 
its real 
stupid turning off n on fan 
i has a minecraft server running and want people to join so here is my ip : 98.165.138.81 
4 minutes till minecraft beta 
3 minutes ! 
2 minutes !!! 
1 MINUTE !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
BETA IS UPON US !!!! 
gonna save up for a small server 
deciding how to run minecraft goverment , stores , and currency 
decided on prices and currency 
updating to windows 7 
hey everyone if u play minecraft tell me if u have a frezing prob , if not ill need to down grade my win7 verion , it start after i upgraded 
in next three months i will be using a old comp as a server , after that i might sell if not great , so if anyone wants a office comp with windows xp(cd+cd key included ) message me . \ 
p.s. not meant for gaming , go buy something else if u want that . 
omg im almost done adding guns into minecraft 
im gonna eat 5 bk rodeo burgers !!!!!!!!! \ 
only 5.47 $ 
final fantasy VII is gonna consume my mind like minecraft 
as of this moment i have a 2nd computer to run minecraft so i can use the other as a server 
best warning for minecraft\ 
Warning : Playing Minecraft is addictive and hazardous to your health . May cause clinical obesity , the collapse of your marriage and/or the loss of your job . 
sorry if u cant connect to my minecraft server , please message me if ur havin the prob 
