Nothin ' . This is not a good week for me . 

< PROPMALE > , WA 
Time to go home and slave at the kitchen . Just wondering what culinary master piece will I serve for dinner . How about Fish and chips ? Quick and easy . Ya'll enjoy your evening . 
Hope that everyone has a blessed and happy freakin ' new years . Remember 2 do it up BIG ya'll . 
Happy New Year ppl . 
thinking of ways to get out of actually doing work in my BTech class . 
Working with one of the dumbest people God has ever put on this earth . Why me ? 
Just took my Mid terms for accounting class . Wondering just how bad I had done on the stupid thing . lol . 
On my way to Accounting class . 
Time for Accounting class , be back in fifty . 
The beginning of another beautiful day . It's always good to start the day on a positive tip . I'm going to try and keep this positive attitude for the rest of this year . 
Good Morning Face Book ! How's everyone's morning going ? I feel truly blessed this morning , can't put my finger on why . But who cares , I'm feeling it and I'd just like to go with it . HAHA 
On my way to Accounting class . So much fun , so much fun . lol 
School library trying to navigate facebook , but the slow a ** computer won't let me . 
Morning everyone 
If ? your ? Mom ? is ? your ? hero , ? whether ? you ? are ? blessed ? to ? have ? your ? Mom ? still ? with ? you , ? or ? if ? she ? has ? gone ? to ? be ? with ? the ? Angels , ? copy ? and ? paste ? this ? with ? her name is < PROPFIRST > ? 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family and friends who have lost their battle with cancer , and the ones who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or had cancer . Many of you won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? April is cancer awareness month 
It's raining today , feels like the kind of day to stay in bed . And sleep the day away . 
Get a snack http://chatter.com/a/8ugu2?ref=nf 
want to see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you thin kbest describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you ;] 
Watching \Cry Freedom\ " right now . " 
Picked up my glasses the other day , and not feelin having to wear these mugs . No matter how cute the stupid things maybe . They still remind me that I am as optically challenged as a bat . LMAO . 
My class building just shook twice , and the instructor has the nerve to tell us to sit and wait for instructions . I am feeling like throughing this woman out of the window . 
I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest ... Nor do I have the perfect body ... I might not be your first choice ... But I am a GREAT choice ... I don't pretend to be someone else ... Cause I am too GOOD at being ME ... I might not be proud of some of the things I've done ... BUT ... I am proud of who I am today .... Take me as I am OR WATCH ME AS I GO !!! Repost if you love being you· ( You got to love urself first ) 
Goodnight FB . 
Goodnite ppl . Its time to catch some zzz . ' s . 
Morning fb , how's everyones weekend going ? 
I like it on the washer , on spin dry . 
LOVE MY SISTER week . If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wipedyour tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheeredyou on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are a friend forever . Put this on your status if you have an amazing sister ! 
The bus driver on the 128 is a jerk . He just told me to turn my sh*t down . Big meanie . lol I'm not going to though . Haha 
Lets see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1 word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name ... it can only be 1 word ... Then copy & paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... don't just post word & not copy , that's no fun ! 2 hours\ " , 2011-01-06 01:37:50 " 
Morning FB . Another beautiful day that we blessed with . Sooooooo , who's got the liqa ? lol 
Good morning FB . How's evryone's morning go ? 
Goodnight FB . Tonight has really been an interesting day to say the least . 
To all the unselfish moms out there , who traded sleep for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick ones , late nights for early mornings , and designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change a thing . Let's see how many moms post this , who don't care what they gave up and instead , LOVE what they got in return . 
Its snowing ya'll! 
Its cold n icy n the bus driver is acting like he's speed racer . Not cool . 
Good morning FB 
Men r really a trip . And hard to understand . Wat's up with them ? 
Good morning fb . Happy happy joy joy . I just bought a new boy toy . Lmao jk 
Today was a pretty darn good day . Everybody goodnite and God bless . 
Good morning fb 
Its good to meet new peeps on fb and all . But plz have the common courtesy to call me by my name . The darn thing is written @ the top of the profile . All you have to do is look and you'll see it . :-( 
My neighbors must be really bouncing around in their kitchen so much that my canisters on my kitchen couter are just jumping around and jingling * wonder if i should move them bad boys * 
Morning FaceBook . 2day is going to be a good one 4shor . 
NOI brother is on the A Line bus handing out the Final Call mag to every brother that passes him . But not 2 the sistas . Now what's up with that ? 
Im on the bus trying to keep up with wats going on , on fb and at the same time trying not to get sick . Ohhhh i so dislike being car * bus * sickness . Wateva its calling . Not cool @ all . :-( 
The fare enforcer on the A line be tripping over some stupid crap . Y cant they give a person at least one warning before a ticket . And y is the ticket $125.00 . The transger is only 2.50 3.00 at the most . 
Im deleting this profile in a few days . So anyone who wants to still be friends . Hit me up on my other one . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > basir . And I will start deleting unwanted folks from the one real soon too . They know who they are already . No need to name names . 
All of us have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , have a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish , to kick cancer's butt . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour . 
