you can do it ! 

thank goodness for AC 
Quiero aprender a hablar espanol con fluidez 
This Thanksgiving , < PROPFEMALE > the time spent with your family as a reminder of why you moved very far away from your family 
doesn't like gifts unless they are priceless 
going to eat fish or pork for New Year's :) 
2011 is almost here !! Happy New Year everyone !! 
May your year be filled with more 1's than 2's , whatever that means in a good way . Happy 1-1-2011 11:11 
yeah , pretty thankful i don't have breast cancer . thanks 
What are your reasons for waking up between the hours of 6 and 7 in the morning ? 
earthquake as i'm typing !!! 
Why is there always a super long wait at the DMV ? 
yesterday you said tomorrow 
Does anyone want to go to Universal Studios ? Text \when ? \ " to 7148370505 . " 
:) 
i love this gorgeous weather 
saw a puppy with a red pair of rhinestone sunglasses that fits its face - too cute 
pay attention to what you are doing please 
my dad asked me if I know anything about 30 thang 4 and I thought to myself , of course I do ! Then I explained it to him . And afterwards he thought to himself , that was good enough . 
what is the next step to a < PROPFEMALE > water bottle cap ? Plastic water bags with a straw maybe ? 
A day to celebrate . Thank you moms ! 
Wow I don't even watch the games at all ! 
Who here has excellent vision without glasses or contacts ? I'm so jealous . 
Hey Facebook , you should add a section called Dislikes and Turn-Offs 
\By the time a man realizes that maybe his father\ 
Free as a bird after lunch tomorrow , some torture for the past six weeks . 
Just found a missing contact lens from over a month ago on my bathroom floor where it is proned to be stepped on . Like wow ?! 
Searching for better internet service provider for the house . Recommendations , anyone ? 
8-9-10 11:12 am/pm 
My new phone is on the way , yay ! 
When is it time to stop calculating risks and rewards and just do what you know is right ? Hmm idk 
it's too hot , i might end up wearing a bikini around the house 
Dad asked if any of us wanted to go grocery shopping with him . Later he came in the room and gave me a fresh coconut but I was on the phone so he left it on my desk with a straw next to it . 
I wonder how often people call each other up just to talk about nothing at all . I miss those younger days when I would call a friend from my house phone and sometimes a parent would answer the phone . Maybe I'm just emo because it's kind of raining . 
Gmail undo after hitting sent is amazing , makes my heart race every time 
Anyone interested in be a tutor ? We are in urgent need of someone who can tutor AP Euro . If you're interested or know someone who might be interested , please let me know . Other subjects are considered as well . Thanks . 
You know you're busy when people's lips are moving and you're not listening . 
Specific request for English majors - if you're interested in being a tutor or know someone that is , please let me know asap . Thanks . 
\We can have facts without thinking but we cannot have thinking without facts . \"" 
It feels nice to have found something you've been looking for all this time , aka my sunglasses . 
\For each new morning with its light 
I like apple juice , but not apples 
The best gift you can give anyone is your time . 
What I want for Christmas this year : random hand written notes or pictures in the mail from the least expected person I know on Facebook . Please send to 8142 19th St. #C Westminster , CA 92683 :) 
I'm starting to not like the rain very much . My car battery is dead and I don't have an umbrella . 
Happy holidays !! 
I love this < PROPFEMALE > winter weather so much !! 
I kinda don't want to switch to the new profile . 
Today a 3-year-old little girl navigated through my iPhone like she knew about it before she was even born , what the heck man 
Anyone interested in tutoring 12th grade English 4x week in Laguna Beach , please let me know asap . Thanks ! 
Happy birthday to me !!! First 10 people to wish me a happy birthday get two Kisses ( Hershey's white chocolate) !! 
Thank you for making me feel special on my birthday with all your wall posts !! I now owe the following people Hershey's white chocolate Kisses : < PROPFIRST > Javá < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > Nguyen , MiTom Pham , < PROPFIRST > Sneed , < PROPFEMALE > Nguyen , < PROPFEMALE > Vu , < PROPFEMALE > Ngo , < PROPMALE > Chhiu , Dat < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . I had an amazing day !! Thank you so much ! 
To eat because I'm hungry or to take a nap because I'm sleepy ... I think food wins every time 
I don't understand the purpose of poking or being poked 
\I wish there was a button I could press that would zap you with electricity . \"" 
One day I would like to wake up really early and go to the beach to watch the sun rise 
It's hot out but no ice cream for you today . Wow I think I just read your mind did I not ? 
Chewable vitamins taste gross 
Why are they putting a traffic camera on Westminster and Newland ? I don't like it 
Free car wash for everybody !! Just take your car outside 
Hangman with a second grader : \It's something that you use . And it's full . \ " Answer : Useful " 
Happy n ? m Tân Mão 2011 !! My wish for you this year :\ 
\ 
\May peace break into your house and may thieves come to steal your debts\ 
I think Asian hip hop kids need better dance clothes . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is the MC this year !! Go Vu !! 
Anyone watching the superbowl ? Not me 
\A man in love is not complete until he is married . Then he is finished . \"" 
Is it weird to say that I don't have a taste for chocolate < PROPFEMALE > or desserts , except for the white chocolate at Starbucks ? It tastes so gooooooddd 
Some people ask too many questions that they can really answer themselves if they would just take some time to think a little bit harder 
Is there anything else grosser than phlegm right now within my vicinity ? Nope 
Wow , shut up rain ! Be careful on the road folks 
I'm hungry 
Multiple viewpoints are better than one , that's for sure 
I love hot Cheetos puffs !!! But I don't like spicy food ... 
Anyone interested in tutoring AP Physics ? Two students will be tutored at the same time , TTh 3- 4:30 pm in Garden Grove . Please let me know asap if you are available . Thanks !! 
Just got a jury summons . Let's hope I don't get picked please 
