Its not about what the New Year may bring to me ... Its about what i have to offer this yr and what i may bring to it .. Loving God and making His and my relationship better ... 

Adonde voy a llegar ? 
i dont feel like working tmrw =-( 
had some good tacos LOL 
Ups and downs ... spins and twirls .. it will always be this way <3 
i feel < PROPFEMALE > sick ... 
just relaxing ... nothing much else to say .. 
Off to camping for the weekend !!! So excited !!! =) 
Where do i start , I dont have the exact word expressions to be able express this wknd , camp was great , I learned alot . i love all of you guys of N.E !! Main thing i do have to say is that God is GREAT and i love Him ! God knows the needs and abilities of each and everyone of us .. Its just up to us to take forward those extra steps !!! 
Be Transformed and Constructed !! Romans 13:14 But put on the Lord Jesus Christ , and make no provision for the flesh , to fullfill its lusts . GoD Bless !! =) 
Just done got watching the movie \Ghosts of Girlfriends Past\ " ... Its a good movie ... @ < PROPFIRST > you should watch it ... i know you'll love it !!! =D " 
Romans 12:21 Do not be overcome by evil but overcome evil with good . 
Just got done watching the movie \MANAGEMENT '' .... it was a cute romantic movie lol " 
If they would give me a < PROPMALE > then they would know who i really am .. very few have take the time to do that ... 
oh hunny when are you going to learn ? 
“Imagination is more important than knowledge . Knowledge is limited . Imagination encircles the world” - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
If you have faith as a grain of mustard seed , you will say to your mountain , \MOVE ! \ " and it WILL move ... and NOTHING will be impossible for YOU ! - < PROPFIRST > 17:20 " 
I just wanted to taake an opportunity to tell all my friends and loved ones that I LOvE YOU GUYSSS !!! =D 
Give thanks for what you are now , and keep fighting for what you want to be tomorrow . ~ Fernanda Miramontes-Landeros 
Thy word is a lamp unto my feet , and a light unto my path . - Psalms 119:105 
Sometimes i believe that we get caught up in our life and we worry about so many things , and we dont take a quick second to < PROPFEMALE > and appreciate the good things in life .. 
Why be in denile of what is surrounding you in this world when the truth and the facts of life are right in your face ... Its time to stop ingnoring and start acknowledging .. 
IM IN A NEW CHAPTER OF MY LIFE AND YOUR STILL ON THE SAME < PROPFEMALE > AS BEFORE .. tHINGS CHANGE AND LIFE GOES ON .. 
Set boundaries are other boundries not known ... Sometimes wee need to experience certain things in life in order to learn from them .. well atleast thats what i say from my experiences .. 
\There is no fear in love ; but perfect love casteth out fear ... \ " 1 < PROPFIRST > 4:18 " 
How much does a sponge absorb before it starts dripping ? UUggHH ..!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
“ In the beginning was the Word , and the Word was with God , and the Word was God . He was with God in the beginning . The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us . We have seen his < PROPFEMALE > , the < PROPFEMALE > of the One and Only , who came from the Father , full of grace and truth . ” ( < PROPFIRST > 1:1 -2 , 14 ) 
Going to Bed after a long day !!! 
Thanks alot < PROPFIRST > , Ada , Zamarid and < PROPFIRST > ... im here listening to R&B lol haha 
< PROPFEMALE > Osoria 
Q : What goes around the world but stays in a corner ? 
Many things that i want to accomplish at the same time !! Who said you couldnt multi-task ?! Lol Its not so easy but i love it !!! Love being < PROPFEMALE > busy and actually squeezing every little thing into my little box in my calender !!! Thanking God for everything and all of the blessings !!! Having a good life , great friends and fam , and great health are some to start with !!! ? =) 
Don't pay people back with evil for the evil they do to you . Focus your thoughts on those things that are considered < PROPMALE > . Romans 12:17 
Id rather get rejected for what you think is right and i know its wrong , than for what you think is right and i know its wrong . = / 
Tired of just wondering what can happen ... im going to go for my ambitions and see what happens .... Its all about the risk taking .. 
i have sucked it all up and have dripped it all out ... It is a whole recycling process .?? 
MIssing my Babies !! 
Is Wondering when im going to stop hearing the same things over and over again ... 
Beleive and then you will see . But if you thirst to see without beleiving then you will not ever see . 
Got to get to work < PROPFEMALE > n .. Arent i < PROPFEMALE > fortunate .! 
Two things i really despise : When things are repeated to me several times after you already told me what to do . and when doors are slammed . UUUggghhh so irritating . Gosh !! 
Forget about the stars . Shoot beyond them . Beyond the universe if possible . All it takes is a little bit of faith and a wholee lot of persistence . Just beleive in God !! 
I sometimes hate the existence of fb . It doesnt let me do what i sshould be doing . lol 
My life isnt like yours and yours isnt like mine . What works for me isnt always going to work for you . And my shoe isnt always going to fit your foot or your's isnt going to fit mine . So your experiences are different and i go through things differently than you do . We are all unique and we all suceed in different ways in the right time . 
Oh God please give me < PROPFEMALE > because i really need it right now . Its one thing after another and they all come at once . Why is that ? Please no one answer that . 
There´s a hole in my heart That can only be filled by you , And this hole in my heart ? Can´t be filled with the things I do ? 
Today it was a great day !!! Learned another life lesson , Got frozen while taking pictures , confirmed that when you have a goal and are persistence with things you get somewhere in life , no matter what people tell you just go with what you know is right for you , and be happy even in the most upsetting moments !!! I just feel so great !! =) ? 
I feel so blank today . =/ 
Im not amused of the things i already know . What amuses me are the things that i dont know and that are yet to come so that i do know . To learn is what is interesting and to gain the good knowledge is exciting . 
< PROPFIRST > Rubinstein : Love life and life will love you back . Love people and they will love you back . 
OMGG !!! Going to a special event this weekend !! Hopefully it goes great for me !! Praying to God that He can give me the strenght and knowledge to do the best that i can !! 
Only He knows what is best for me . Only He knows what doors should be opened and which ones to be kept closed . Only He knows what are are my hearts true desires . Only He knows what my fualts are . Only my Father the Lord KNows . 
JUst came back fron New York and had a wonderful experience !!! It was amazing !! What any girl would dream for ! Aunque no gane soy < PROPFEMALE > ganadora ! 
Sometimes you worry for how you are going to succeed in life . For how you aare going to make things possible . But what is destined to be yours will happen regardless . Just need to put a little bit of an extra effort and strive longer with Gods help . 
When life gets rough , pain gets more painful , water is up to your neck and we think we will drown ... HE is there with us , HE has everything under His divine control ... just trust HIM ! He is the < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , the God of wonders , the only One . 
Many things need to be given a revised thought ... 
Spending my night with the loves of my life !!! Aaliyah and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Aaahh . Nothing is better than some Beethoven before going to bed !! ? 
has been home all day jjust staying in and relaxing ! WHat a day !! It gets boring after a while ! 
In my own little world with God i guess is where i shall remain to be . Its where im mostly safe away from everything else and where im moslty understood and wont be judged . ? 
On my way to go have a Blast in the snow ! Cant wait so excited ! Spend quality time with the close ones !! Pocono Mountains here i go !! = D 
About to watch a movie with the siblings ! <3 
Idk what to feel right now ! A whole mix of emotions ! Oh God help me !! 
Adios fb !!! Hasta luego !! 
Que pasa con los hombres hoy en < PROPFEMALE > ?!! No tienen creatividad !! 
Idk what is wrong with my notification box ! Its not notifying me of anything ! 
On my way to Music class ! ? 
Id rather have little in life and appreciate what i have , than have alot and not aprreciate anything at all . 
God is always there when you need Him , but are you there when He needs you !?! 
God is my inspiration and so because of Him this life He has given me is my aspiration . ? 
I am < PROPFEMALE > getting over it !! Its about time !! 
I feel so cold !!! I cant wait for the warm weather to come around !! 
On my way to go see the love of my life .. MY Mother !! ? Get well soon !!? 
In the mood for something adventorous !!!! But seriously it doesnt happen anywhere around here ! Lol 
i JUST GOT DONE HAVING A BEAUTIFUL AVENTURE WITH < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . frOM OUTER SPACE TO THE DEEP SEAS ! AND THERE ARE MANY MORE TO COME ! ? lOVE YOU GIRL !! = ) 
Longing for that moment .. Just longing for it ! One day , Just one day ... ? 
Going to go and get ready for work . Just cant wait for something new to happen again . 
Listenig to some < PROPFIRST > Buble .... very unique . 
I want to enjoy life to the extent that i cant get enough of myself ! I love to live it that way ! As if everyday was the last day on this Earth ! To enjoy every minute of it ! Because today im here but we just never know about tmrw ! Its a gift from God ! ? && Good night Facebook !! =) 
Si tienes < PROPFEMALE > madre que lo ha hecho todo por ti a pesar de las dificultades de la < PROPFEMALE > , a la cual la suerte < PROPFEMALE > ha dado la espalda en ocasiones !!! Si tienes < PROPFEMALE > madre de ORO como la mía , haz < PROPFEMALE > copia y pégala en tu perfil y compártelo ! * Mami te quiero con todo mi < PROPFEMALE > . ? 
Its all about the sacrifice in life ... One level to the next .. i see it coming !! = ) 
Rude awakening ... 
So you decide to be nice and people like to take advantage of it ! Smh !!!!! 
No time for wasting time ! 
NO HAY TIEMPO PARA PERDER TIEMPO !! AHORA ES EL TIEMPO ! 
I just lost an hour of sleep ! = ( LOL 
It was all worth the sitting outside in the cold while being sick and having the stuffed nose to read the Word ! I hope that the person i read it to has obtained something from it even though i know they did ! Its all about the Faith ! 
Good Morning Everyone ! I hope everyone has a nice day ! 
Just came home from having an awesome workout ! = ) 
Doors close and then others open ... Its not the end of my world . 
Things change . People change . 
Just got back from a wonderful jog in the park .. must i say that i loved it !!? 
Progress , Progress , progress , progress , progress , progress , progress ... in every aspect .. Its all that runs through my mind ! ; ) 
Confiar en ti Señor . Solamente en Ti ! 
Psalm 56:10 In God have I put my trust : I will not be afraid what man can do to me . 
There are times in life where there are things that you want to let go of < PROPFEMALE > bad but then there is that something that jusst doesnt permit for you to do so . As much as you try its like you keep pulling it back towards you . You hold on to those emotions that should no longer be sitting there . Its tiime for it to stand up and leave . ? 
Haha I just find it very humorous . Cant help but laugh . Why does it matter ? 
OK so i came to this little conclusion .. When i make mistakes i appreciate them more than when i have success .. Because of the fact that the mistakes that i have made have led me to success ! Thanking God for choice that i have made ! Love you MY FATHER ! 
Ooooohh how i love technology ! Its so great and convenient ! = ) 
I love being up early ! Its a great feeling ! Days seem to go better ! = ) 
HArd work . It always pays off ! 
Dios yo simplemente te amo ! 
So i ask myself ... WHy care about what others think or say , if whether i do good or not they will still speak , So then i think to myself .. i really dont care what others think or say of me , because at the end I only care about God's judgement , His thought is what really counts ! His approval is required ! = ) Love you my Father !! 
I guess that certain things that happen that you might think are not so great are actually great . Things get worse before they get better . Even though there are rough times right now things are still going great thanks to God ! He knows what he does ! = ) 
Kind of random , But i love the date of my birthday !!! July 1st !!! It suits me very well !! LOl = ) 
jersey shore ? 33 
Ugghhh so drained and exhausted from yesterday !! But it was all worth it and had lots of fun at the beach !!! = ) 
AUnque los obstaculos puedan ser grandes yo sigo adelante ! Muchas cosas pasan para lo mejor !! Gracias a Dios mi < PROPFEMALE > es < PROPFEMALE > maravilla !! = ) 
Ugghhh this car search is going to be such a pain ! = / 
Ok so another random thought : \ So i dont like when people try to be like others and they put their time and effort into trying to be that . I believe that you cant perfect anything better than just being yourself . So instead of wasting time of trying to be like someone else I believe that you should start putting time and effort into building your own characteristics up\ " . Just my thought . " 
Ughh I have to work today ! That sucks !!! 
Selling handmade accessories !!! Really cute , unique stuff ! 
It takes two to tango ? 
All I can do is giggle and feel so much joy inside beacause God is really good !!!!!!! = D 
Ok so its easier to have faith for others but when it comes to ourselves where is that faith ??! 
God I think this is the time . It is your time ! 
1 Corinthians ch 12 ... ( The chapter itself is too long to post ) God bless everyone ! 
You cant help me if you cant help yourself . Help yourself before you try to help me . 
If i had the solution i'd buy it no matter what the price is ..? 
Today's message at church was good ! Thank you God for all that you have done ! 
Three more days until the remebrance and celebration of the day I first took a breath into this world !! Thank You God for this life that you given me ! ? = ) 
I wonder do people REALLY care or do they just pretend to care ?! 
Victory !!!!...? 
I want to ssay thank you to everyone who sent me birthday wishes ! I really appreciate it very much !! May God Bless each and everyone of you !!!!!!! = ) > Quiero darle gracias a todas de esas persona que me felicitaron por el < PROPFEMALE > de mi cumpleaño !!! Se lo aprecio muchisimo y que Dios los bendiga < PROPFEMALE > monton !!!!? 
I\ 
want to sayy Happy Birthday to my sister < PROPFEMALE > Osoria !!!!!!! I wish you the best !!! ANd may God Bless you in every \ 
aspect of life !!! May he guide you in every decision you make !! I love \ 
you girl !!? :') 
Feeling a little sick ! But hopefully i will get better ! =) 
You can learn from other people's experiences but you cant live them ..? 
In this specific moment , Im wishing i had my car !! =( 
Watchout ! Dont get hit on the head !! Something great is coming down ! Blessings heading down my way !!! Thanks to God , I praise him no matter what !! =) \ 
---->>> Feeling confident in the Lord !? 
Just be happy !! ? 
Going to bed after loading my ipod with some good music !! = ) Good night facebook !! 
Que se hace en la < PROPFEMALE > cuando te sientes como < PROPFEMALE > tiene solucion ?! Cuando te sientes como si estuvieras en < PROPFEMALE > ciclón ?! ( es < PROPFEMALE > a preg < PROPFEMALE > ta retórica , ya me se la repuesta . ) ;) 
Psalm 16:11 You have made known to me the path of life ; You will find me with joy in your presence , with eternal pleasures at your right hand . 
Love : It endures everything ? 
The Lord is good in the day of trouble ; and he knoweth them that trust in him . ( Nahum 1:7 ) 
Dios es bueno ! = ) 
G . N !! 
Muchas cosas pasan por < PROPFEMALE > razon . Dios tiene < PROPFEMALE > proposito para todo . En tus manos estoy ? 
Who eats a whole meal before going to bed ??!!! LOL ( talking about myself ) LOL 
Had a great time shopping with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! Love you darling !!!!? 
It couldnt have been a better day also spending it with my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Torres !! TQM !!! = ) 
I'm loving the blessings that God has provided to me and will keep on providing ! With Him on forward through every circumstance I will keep strong in faith . Gracias Dios ! Te amo ! = D 
Everything in life is a life learning experience ! ; ) 
Yes she is a woman who deserves the world . Who deserves to be treated \ 
like royalty and that should be valued and treasured . She is a precious \ 
gem who is rare to find . What you would call one of a kind ! ? 
Just because it didn't happened when asked for doesn't mean it wont ever if it is in His will ? 
Love is patient and kind ; love does not envy or boast ; It is not arrogant or rude . It does not insist on its own way ; It is not irritable or resentful ; it does not rejoice at wrong doing , gut rejoices with the truth . Love bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all thing . 1 Corinthians 13 4-7 
Had to turn down a great opportunity ... =-/ 
To work I go ! Have a great day everyone ! = ) 
We are our own obstacle . Things that happen in our lives is mostly because of our decision making . I don't want to be my own stone in my path . God I'm ready !? 
? 3 ? Yea its nice to learn from others experience , but you cant say its a lesson learn if it wasn't a lesson lived ... ? 3 ? 
? I cried out with no reply , And I can't feel You by my side So I'll hold tight to what I know , your here and I'm never alone ? - Barlow Girls 
I am most definitely back thanks to God !! = ) 
What joy , what peace , what love , is better than God's from heavens . None other .. Ready for it ! \One Focus\ " ! As i also cant wait for camp !! Excited !! = D " 
Debating on whether i should straighten my hair or if i should leave it to my natural standard(curly ) =/ 
Its the natural part of life ! When it pours it then clears up and the storm calms down ... The sun rises and shines upon us ! Beautiful ..! Same ... We go through storms in life of which are difficult to overcome but then God shines His < PROPFEMALE > down on us and He helps us overcome it ! Marvelous ! ? 
THey'de say \ IM the ordinary kind of girl\ " Id say \ " Im the out of the ordinary kind of girl\ " And i love it ! I stay out of trend ! Thats whats in ! ; ) " 
Im so excited for today and the next 2 dayS for D.R.I.V.E.N YOUTH CAMP !! \ONE FOCUS\ " =D " 
Im ready for these changes that God has to offer !!! Moving on forward with no looking back !! Letting go of the past to go on with Gods plan ! And start feeding those who need to be fed !! D.R.I.V.E.N Youth Ministries are you ready to pay the price !!!??? 
Time management ... So im getting off this thing !! lol haha\ 
Im putting it to use alreeaadyy !! = ) 
OMG !!!! Its been a while that im not on Facebook !! It feels kinda good to be back again for a short amount of time !! Hehehe 
You cant think about what you havent had if what you havent had could be what you could have . Just take that extra step . 
Good morning everyone ! IM FEELING GREAT TODAY THANK GOD ! WHAT A BLESSING TO BE HERE ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > GaZE <3 
GRacias DIOS Por ser tan grande y maravilloso ! NO Hay palabras para describir lo grande que eres ! Thank you LORD ! 
ALWAYS BEFORE GREAT SUCCESS THERE WILL ALWAYS BE THAT BREAKAGE IN BETWEEN BEFORE YOU CAN ACHEIVE TO REACH THE SMOOTHER SIDE OF THE ROADS ... PASSION AND STRIVING IS WHAT WILL GET YOU THERE <3 
'' To get respect you have to earn respect '' very true ! 
My imagination is my fuel , my food , my adrenalin , my companion , my happiness , my adventure , my secret , my desires , my passion , my neverending story 
LESSON OF THE DAY : Some things are better to be unsaid and not responded to .. 
Im so wonderful ! I love me ! :) 
when i hear Your name my heart pounds , my blood rushes and my life makes much more sense ! its because of Your love im here ! Praise to YOu LORD ! 
God is this another one of your challenges ?! I Really think your challenging me ! Got to love it ! Love you too ! :] 
Watching the < PROPFIRST > Leno show ! so hilarious ! HAHA ! 
Power of prayer ! It changes things ! 
Ill just write it all on paper .. 
Life : A ferris wheel ... dont be afraid to look down ... dont worry many times youll feel down ... Dont panic , some day it will get fixed ... Have faith , that no matter how many times it goes round , things wont always be the same ... 
I knew it !!... I knew it !!... I knew what i didnt know !! smh .. 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
This Christmas my wishes were granted ! \ 
I had a great Christmas . I just hope everyone else did !! 
Stop ... take a breath .. analyze yourself ... think deep .. but don't sink in .. it can be fatal .. ? 
Chocolate covered strawberries ? 
My dog is such an attention seeker .. He barks at me when I don't give him attention !! Haha 
So life does this thing where it switches its role on you ... Ha ! And many times its for the better or better off ! Right God !!!?? ; ) 
My sister < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Ureña should be deprived from camera usage ..! 
I need to start the gym a.s.a.p !!! Its a must ! ? 
Dont just say what your going to act upon , but just act upon before you say .. 
tea , milk , and honey ? \ 
Oh yeah !! 
In life there is hope . \ 
God is hope . ? 
So I'm jogging through the beach with the warm sun hitting me and the smooth sand through my toes as I enjoy the view of the ocean and the sounds of the waves when it hits shore .. Birds chirping and I tanning .. ? \ 
.. too bad I'm just dreaming .. 
So there are people in your life of whom play very important roles .. Ones who have special meaning to you ... Life is a journey and without God or them you would not ever make it ? 
Give without expecting anything in return ? \ 
That is the true way of giving ..? 
I Just want to feel at home again ? 
I finally got internet again !! Whoohoo !! LOl 
I just love pictures !! Memories .. Good times ... Expressions ... moments .. It just speaks to me . 
If you think with a closed mind that is exactly what you will get in return !? 
For where your treasure is , \ 
There your heart will be also . \ 
< PROPMALE > 12:34 
In the mood for some fish right about now ! Salmon maybe ?! HHMmmm .. 
Yes ! Life does know how to throw its curve balls ... But its all about knowing the skills and strategics of knowing how and which ones to bat ..? 
Im not perfect but I give my best effort 
God ... your GOOD !!!? 
Everyday is my birthday .. Because everyday I get a day older and a little wiser and a lesson more from experience ? 
I extend my heart a little\ 
more to those who deserve\ 
it and have earned it ? 
Only < PROPFEMALE > and persistance will bring things together ... during that time getting the best that I may from resources that may expand my wisdom and knowledge is the essential . Preparation is key ? 
LOl so while everyone else is doing their own thing i will certainly do mine ... A rebel I will be ! jijijiji ;) 
No me conoces .. Pero talvez asi es mejor =P 
