Whooohoooo I was at Comerica for the WALK OFF HR ! 

Whoooohooo I was at Comerica Park for the Tigers WALK OFF HR ! Awesome ! 
I need to borrow a camper top that fits < PROPFIRST>'s F150 ( 6ft bed ) for a week at the end of July .... anyone ? Anyone ? Anyone ? Bueller ? 
is golfing as much as possible 
Whoo hoo ! Headed to Montana in August ! =) 
will be at Comerica Park this weekend .... first 10k fans on Sat get a \Going Going Green\ " reusable bag stuffed with Wow Green info and we're giving away trial packs of our non-toxic cleaning supplies to a lucky section of fans during the game . Good stuff . " 
is here to answer any mortgage questions you have ! 
< PROPFIRST > Grillo for Rochester Hills City Council At Large ! Join us this Tues night at CK Diggs ( NW corner of Auburn & Crooks ) any time between 5:30 -9pm to show your support ! 
Whirl wind week ahead ! 
Glacier National Park on Friday ! 
one more week in the mountains ..... ahhhhhhhhhh 
WOODSTOCK ..... I think my spirit was there ..... I feel it 
back in the D ..... miss you Mom & Dad , what a wonderful visit ! 
It's only Tuesday ??! 
Senator < PROPMALE > Kennedy , you will be missed ! 
I'm working this weekend .... anyone need mortgage assistance ? 
los lobos at arts beats and eats this weekend ! so fun ! 
Port Huron for the day . Hoping the rain stays away ! 
< PROPFIRST > Denson's < PROPFEMALE > Universe at the Magic Bag this Sunday .... I CAN NOT WAIT !! If you like funk , blues , rock , horns , and absolute dance your butt off positive energy , you should join me . 
okay , wait .... kdtu , mofro , AND widespread are playing in detroit this fall ?! i'm speechless 
Mortgage rates are the lowest they've been in five months ! 
< PROPFIRST > GRILLO FOR ROCH HILLS CITY COUNCIL ! PRIMARY ELECTION IS TODAY ! PUTTING THE VICTORY VIBES OUT THERE ! 
everything happens for a reason 
busy busy < PROPFEMALE > 
GO TIGERS ! 
JJ Grey & Mofro are playing St. < PROPFIRST>'s Hall THIS SATURDAY ! $17 for some of the most soulful , funky , bluesy goodness you've ever heard . I'll be there , how about you ?! 
can't sleep 
Mule tonight in < PROPMALE > Oak . Get ready to ROCK ! 
Duty , Honor , Country - THANK YOU to all our troops and veterans . 
WSP in the D tomorrow night ..... FINALLY , I GET MY FIX 
Happy Friday ! 
Univ of Montana plays Appalachian State today at 5pm EST ( ESPN televised ) .... a win means they make it to the national championship again . GO GRIZ !!!!!! 
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Ho ho , ho ho , it's off to work I go ... for a few days ... then we celebrate the new year .... crazy ! 
The love you put forth into the world today will most certainly come back to you . 
let it snow , let it snow , let it snow . drive safe everyone ! 
I've got two tickets to the Oakland U basketball game tonight , 7pm in Auburn Hills ...... any takers ? I've got a meeting and can't attend . 
going once , going twice .... 
THIS SATURDAY , 10AM-4PM , FREE Real Estate Information Expo at Re/Max Metropolitan in Utica ( M59 & VanDyke ) . Great info on short sales , foreclosures , firs t-t ime homebuyer tax credit , buying , selling , and pre-approvals . Stop in and say hi ! 
Bring It On ! 
Look Mom , No Hands ! 
I'm awake at 8am on a Sunday . What's wrong with this picture ?! Ha 
March MADNESS , my favorite time of year , hands down ! 
awesome game ! come on butler !!! 
If you are going to Opening Day , have fun and be safe ! Go Tigers ! 
can't sleep the hangover away . it's too nice outside ! 
Watching The Dirty Dozen with Gram . 
things that make you go hmmmm 
Chi-town and < PROPFIRST > D = awesome weekend ! 
At the Cubbies game and the sun is shining ! :) 
goodbye superfly ! 
KDTU round two . Who's joining me ? Savory in Ypsi at 9pm $15 .... serious fun , even on a school night ! ;) 
Celebrating < PROPFEMALE>'s bday tonight at Citizen Cope ( RO Music Theatre , 8pm , $30 ) . Come on out ! 
Long distance hugs and kisses to all my family gathering for Aunt < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s services today . She will be with us in spirit , always . Please give Uncle < PROPMALE > some extra kisses so those eyes can keep smiling . 
Earth Day Every Day 
weather forecast today : abundant sunshine 
with authority !! happy bday #5 
the < PROPFEMALE > amazes me 
hot tubbing on the water , then watching the wings ... good day 
I still looooove Metallica . JH's voice ..... the best ever . 
How is it May 6th already ?????? 
Friday night Boogie Fever anyone ? 
whisper words of wisdom .... Let It Be 
girls night out , good for the soul 
slow it down now 
fun weekend . at comerica park now . gooooooo tigers ! 
The Original Pancake House ...... yuuuuuuuum ! 
What a beautiful day . Golf course here I come ! 
out on the town with my girls tonight . watch out ! 
Sunshine !!!!!!! 
center ... clarity , peace , serenity .... 
sad day . gonna surround myself with family and friends . 
Clarkston Union for lunch , < PROPFEMALE>'s deck for dinner . Smile . 
arms as wide as the sky 
Thank you this day and every day to those who protect us and serve in our miltary ! 
no goodbyes allowed , only see ya laters ;) 
and it's lobster season .... bonus ! 
Just rolled into Antigonish NS 
Saling in Halifax on a beautiful night ! I am truly blessed . 
state side and headed up north 
Orange whip , surprise guests , no rain on the mighty rifle = awesome weekend ! I love my friends . 
shanghai poolside ! nice 
I'm on the road !! Going out West where the wind blows tall . 
In Iowa City with my girls , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
some songs deserve the repeat button ! at the moment it's Rock n Roll by < PROPFEMALE > Underground .... 
Driving through NE .... coolest clouds I've ever seen . Listening to the game . Go Celtics ! 
Welcome to Colorado ! Rockies game tonight . 
I'm burnt . Opps . 
Cattle guard on the exit ramp ... I am officially in the West ! Will be in Missoula before dark . 
Exits with \no services\ " signs .... I'm in Montana ! :) 2.5 hrs from Missoula . " 
I'm here !!!!! Safe and sound . 
Osprey home opener tonight with Mom , Dad and Grandma ... Happy Birthday Mom ! 
back to the job hunt tomorrow .... 
Camping and Widespread Panic this weekend in Idaho . Kiss the mountain air we breathe ! 
With brother < PROPFIRST > , the sun is shining , showtime in two hours ! 
all we need is some fried chicken ... 
Happy day , just landed a job ! 
Refreshing swim in Lake Como today . Happy . 
breathing in nature . ahhhhh 
hiking on blue mountain 
Swimming at Fish Creek ... what a beautiful day ! 
Its not the years in your life that matter , its the life in your years ! 
roasted pig , microbrew on tap , and lots of sunshine 
Floating the < PROPMALE > Fork today , then season premiers of the only two shows I'm hooked on : Mad Men and My Boys ! 
it's already a beautiful day :) 
crazy rain , good times 
life in the mountains .... ahhhhhhh 
< PROPFIRST > On 
happy hump day my friends , its going to be a good one 
we are the good people , the ones they told you about ! 
< PROPFIRST > Sprague performing at Daly Jazz tonight in Missoula ... looking forward to it ! 
headed to Glacier Natl Park for the weekend ... ahhhhhhh ! 
crossing my tees and dotting my eyes 
what's for breakfast ? 
Crowes this week ! Mofro on the 9th ! Lovin Missoula ! 
Eight mile hike today to Heart Lake off Trout Creek . Absolutely breathtaking ! 
Hot Buttered Rum String Band and Mofro tonight ! 
double rainbow last night ... wow 
didn't have my phone on me for 48 hrs this wknd ... and it felt good ! 
won't have phone service this weekend ... have a good one everybody ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > and Jupiter meet in the sky tonight ! 
beautiful weather all week .... ahhhhhh ! 
ronan/flathead lake/lake < PROPFIRST > ronan bound .... 80 degrees and SUNSHINE ! 
the stars in this bigggg sky . breathtaking . 
< PROPFEMALE > in town Thursday . Yaaaaaay ! :) 
hello four day weekend ! whoot whoot 
< PROPFIRST > DENSON'S < PROPFEMALE > UNIVERSE at the Top Hat in Missoula tonight at 10 . Yay ! 
ridin the rail 
gourmet burger and homemade fries 
gave up the crackberry . feels good . simplifying my life . 
finally got some wings :) 
positive energy 
homemade chicken soup and blueberry green tea .... trying to shake this cold 
winter wonderland ! 
twinkling lights ! 
A bad attitude is like a flat tire ... you have to change it before you can get anywhere ! 
Hope the spirit of the season fills you with peace , love and happiness ! 
snow angel snow ! just beautiful 
How bout that Seahawks game ?! 
um , how bout that Auburn Oregon game ?! WOW 
The tale of two halfs ! 
let it snow , let it snow , let it snow ! 
I'm giving blood today ! 
positive energy attracts positive results ! 
new gray suede boots ... ooooo aaaaahhhh 
When < PROPFEMALE > told < PROPFEMALE > she would see me tonight she said , \I want to see Aunt < PROPFEMALE > Sunshine ! \ " That just warms my heart ! :) " 
A nice relaxing day off ! 
here comes the snow , do do do do , here comes the snow , and i say , it's alright 
While on facebook , look at your URL address . If you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session , and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change . Check at least the first setting , otherwise facebook defaults to the non-secure setting . Copy and repost . 
day dreaming about warm weather today .... 
I'VE GOT MISSOULA LUNAFEST TIX FOR SALE ! 10 short films for women , by women , about women ( men are welcome too , of course ! ) . March 16th , 5:30 pm silent auction , films begin at 6pm . Adults $10/Students $5 . This is a fundraiser for the YWCA's GUTS program ( Girls Using Their Strengths ) , which means proceeds will go towards empowering teens in our community ! 
I wish I could beam myself around the country to give big hugs and show support to loved ones in time of need . 
Those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad . ~ Norm Papernick 
when there's a will , there's a way ! 
spending my afternoon with my mom ... and the sun is shining ! life is good ! 
YAY ! < PROPFEMALE>'s ticket is booked ! Headed my way for Labor Day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > baby , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
time change is kicking my butt ... can't go to bed at night , can't wake up in the morning ! but this too shall pass and summer will be here before we know it ... whoohoo ! 
aaaarrrrghhhh ... bracket anxiety ! 
gooooooooo Butler ! 
Kiss Me I'm ( 25%) < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Dinner with the folks and some March Madnessss tonight ... is it 5 o'clock yet ?! 
road trip , ski mountain , hot springs , march madness , adult beverages ... bring on the weekend ! 
Wellness Challenge - Week #1 ! ( send me a private message if you want to set goals and help keep each other accountable ) 
Live without pretending . Love without depending . Listen without defending . Speak without offending . 
“May God < PROPMALE > you always ... a sunbeam to warm you , a moonbeam to charm you , a sheltering angel so nothing can harm you , laughter to cheer you , faithful friends near you , and whenever you pray a Heaven to hear you . ” ( Thank u < PROPFEMALE > for the post ! ) 
THANK YOU SOOOO MUCH for all the birthday wishes . I'm feeling the love ! Big big smiles . 
Thank you again , wonderful friends and family ! I am so blessed to have you all in my life ! 
Butler all the way !!! 
