how do you drive a blonde crazy ? 

long day making jam with berries we picked yesterday 
cannot believe how selfishly stupid people can be 
wishing that i had something fun to do ... 
just finished one of the best books ever 
needs to get a move on with her summer homework 
why must there be emotionally demanding days ? 
tis so nice to be home 
i hate getting ready to go camping 
nearly died on a bike ride with my counsins today . why i keep tagging along i don't know 
kinda loving Chelan and all it's warmth . hopefully i'll have a super awesome tan by the end of next week . 
< PROPFEMALE > finger hurts . boyfriend rammed into it with the kayak 
yesterday my cousin and boyfriend nearly killed me . they tried to push me off the dock , but held on to my wrists . kinda hurt . now my right hand/arm twitches .... fun shit . 
week one down 
long day . at least i don't have too much homework tonight 
first swim meet tomorrow . i'm kinda excited and nervous too 
swim meet was awesome . i think i did pretty good 
majorly dissappointed by what the doctor had to say today 
seriously not enjoying doing UW homework .... especially after the SAT this morning 
majorly tired ... and it's only Tuesday ... 
it's my birthday .... :] 
stuck with my essay ... think i'm gonna go read < PROPMALE > again ... 
getting this stupid essay done .... but i wish it would just write itself 
just about done with the essay 
today was definately one of those days where bad things just keep piling on 
just finished college apps . so happy 
not making much headway on sequence assignments , i do not want to work on these tomorrow ! 
got into UW Bothell yesterday 
not making all that much progress on these sequence assignments .... 
kinda really hates being sick 
got a call from st. < PROPFIRST>'s today . i got in and they're giving me $ 14,000 . super excited 
almost done with CE binder :) super excited 
seriously wondering why i left this essay until the last day 
only 48 minutes late . i'd call that pretty good since i only really worked on it today since noon 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone . 
not ready for break to be over yet . still have way too much to do . 
exchanged gifts with the boyfriend tonight , he did well :] 
first day back was not as bad as i thought it would be 
kinda want to go to bed since my back has decided to crucify me 
cream 
so stuck on this artist statement i have to do by thursday .... 
had an enjoyable day . saw the lovely bones with my mom and got some homework done . mission accomplished . 
super stressed but it will all be gone tomorrow , thank goodness 
i think i pretty much rocked my presentation after school today 
offically passed CE . now all i gotta do to graduate is pass government and weight training next semester 
really not liking the cover letter for nicoletta's uw english portfolio 
hating the cover letter 
getting closer with this letter 
just submitted UW Portfolio , feels so good to be done 
super tired from pt today . now i get to study 
hangin ' with < PROPFIRST > . but my shoulder is starting to fall asleep ... we'll see what happens 
finally heard back from UW Seattle and got in . also got a $4000 scholarship to UW Bothell today . now it's time to pick a campus 
dislikes sorting through pictures 
feeling better . hopefully school on thursday 
cannot believe she has a cold ... on the second day of track 
good workout with < PROPFEMALE > this morning . super happy that i don't hurt too ! 
getting seriously fed up with technology 
practice went well but i think tomorrow will suck more than today since that's homework day 
getting back support ( so i can throw javelin better ! ) tonight . 
i loved the weather at practice today . for once i wasn't all bundled up ! 
so tired from yesterday but i'm super happy with how i did 
tired !! but i won javelin at the meet today and did awesome at shot 
got a graduation present early . super happy with my new laptop :] 
got second in the district < PROPMALE > show 
definatley feeling like a beast 
so districts were kinda wet and poopy 
amazing time last night . definately will not be forgotten 
loved the track banquet tonight . really sad that it is my last one ever :( but i love everyone who was there and congrats to everyone who got awards tonight , you all deserved them 
cleaning house and doing laundry 
i definately forgot how much i love naps 
so ... i'm thinking that me+socks+hardwood floors = accident waiting to happen 
getting done with the portfolio 
one more day . i don't know if i should be excited or sad 
today was a little emotional but i am glad to be done with high school . i'm just gonna miss everyone :/ 
senior bbq was awesome . i'm graduating tomorrow . get to see family on sunday :) 
graduation is here 
yesterday = surreal . last night = amazing . today = family time . 
yesterday was amazing . loved seeing the family . now off to do something not so exhausting 
leaving tomorrow for the summer 
loving working in alaska but is super tired from all the long days 
home . finally . loved every minute of my summer though 
getting everything ready for school wednesday 
start school tomorrow . i think i'm excited about it 
class was good . i think i might like this thing called college 
painting :) 
very unproductive day 
just happy my mom's ok 
thanks to everyone who wished me happy birthday today :) 
sour patch kids = fantastic end to a thursday 
picked out bridesmaids dresses today with my mom and < PROPFEMALE > 
got my winter classes figured out . now back to bed .. 
beginning to feel good about this dumb paper 
enjoyed the intense games of pictionary today :) 
nearly got sideswiped on my way home tonight 
one final . one paper . then i'm done . 
one more paper ... 
had a wonderful night with ms. < PROPFIRST > fagnan :) 
maltby cafe + good company = excellent brunch 
finished mixing up the cookie dough :) excited to bake them tomorrow 
celebrated my dad's birthday with too much food and now it's time to sleep 
i'm always amazed at how stupid some people in my life can be 
trying to determine if i should stay home today or go to school ... 
thank you for this wonderful headache world 
hello world 
so glad i'm done with classes for the week 
i just discovered the sticky note feature on my computer 
dinner ? i think so 
i would like to thank the woman at staples today for saving me by giving me the 56 cents i needed to buy notecards :) 
time to make dinner :) 
went on a hike in the rain . it was pretty bomb . can't wait to do it again 
\where did the straw go ... Oh ... it sunk \"" 
i am number four with < PROPFIRST > Fagnan creates a very enjoyable evening and car ride home :) 
at least my bank has good on hold music ... 
just started to dump hail and it got super < PROPFEMALE > at the same time . so glad i am home and don't need to drive in this 
i officially think that i-405 is the worst interstate in washington 
thinking that my marathon headache might have disappeared finally 
BROWNIES :D 
wonderful day with my grandma :) 
super excited to see Tangled with < PROPFIRST > tonight :D 
