I can't wait til school starts !! ( please no nerd comments ... ) 

i love my kids !! I get them for two whole weeks ! :) 
my shift today is 9 to 9 . mucho fun-o :) 
more work today :) 
living as a < PROPFEMALE > in a world that can't hear wound ... 
working ... all day , everyday . 
Work , Cove , Transformers . Pretty good lineup for today :) 
It's my day off ! ( that means I'm covering for < PROPFEMALE > from 1-3 and < PROPMALE > from 4-7 , then someone won't show up for the night shift and I'll end up staying til 10 ... ) 
I'm having a pizza craving .... This only happens about once a month , so I think i better embrace it :) 
working . Today , and tomorrow , and the next day , and the next day ... 
whoot ! All registered , and totally pumped for fall term ! Yay me ! 
I'm thinking ... Nap time :) 
I'm off for the whole weekend and going to drive for forever to visit the love of my life , who has just informed me he works 10 hours tomorrow . Love it !! :) I'm just so happy ... I can't be mad at him ! 
Alright , vacation's over . Time for work and countdown to MACdash :) and the hills on that bike course are murder , just in case anyone wanted to know ... 
Give me a Hoo-Hah Free Pastry Tuesday ! :) yay ! Thanks for the heads up sis , it was totally worth it :) 
Well , there's a first time for everything :) 
Technically , today , I didn't have to work . Yet here I am , after 8:30 - 11:00 lessons , a 1-3 shift , and about to start a nice little 4-10 shift . Sweetness :) 
I also have just decided that I like this ' Share ' button . It's cute . And those triple chocolate Drumstick ice creams ? totally in my diet now . 
Hm ... lunch ? Or , facebook and stale cake ? Decisions , Decisions .... 
I bought a tank top :) Me Likey ... nice and cool ... 
I'm dreaming , it's stupid , I think I've been been hit by Cupid ... :) 
Run bike swim run bike run run run PUSHUPS !!! swim bike bike run swim bike swim run run ..... ugh ! 
loving the sunshine and the non-work :) ha ha 
So , i was going to write something really profound ... really great ... then i forgot what it was ... hmmm :) 
\She said she'd rather fix her makeup than fix what's going on ... \ " ha ha I love song lyrics :) " 
Work ................ 
rhetorical questions .... 
My life by numbers : I kill myself in 9 days , leave home in 11 , get to see my favorite reason to smile in 14 , die again in 15 , and start school in 25 ! ha ha life is good :) 
\feel that fire ... \ " :) " 
duh-nuh nuh-nuh duh-nuh nuh-nuh duh-nuh nuh-nuh BATMAN !! :) boredom stinks ! 
why can't work just not ... happen ? 
Hm . I'm hungry . The pizza place didn't take my coupon . Safeway doesn't start serving chinese food until 12:00 . I have a dentist appointment at 2:00 , and no money . But I'm hungry . This is very distressing ... I think I'll go eat something :) 
WHOOT ! last day of work ! last day of work ! oh yeah ! oh yeah ! ( sorry , my songwriting comes in spontaneous bursts , and you guys just get to enjoy it ... in text rather than song ... ) :) 
Oh yeah , Finish time 2:00 . 34 :) And it got me 1st place !! :) 
\BLOOD MAKES THE GRASS GROW - KILL ! KILL ! KILL ! \ " that's the motto of the week " 
ok ... Nap Time :) 
why doesn't tarzan have a beard ? 
I've just decided that dining on campus is a joke ... Half the places aren't even open , and the ones that are don't serve lunch until like 2 . I'll tell you what though , Four Corners has good biscuts and gravy :) 
Yay for classes starting tomorrow ! :) I mean I know I'll hate it , probably in like a week , but for now I'm just excited : 0 My roomie and I are headed to dinner , text me if you want to join we'll meet up ! 
I made $1.86 just walking around campus today ... :) 
I have so much homework ! And I was really happy about it until I finished all my calculus and now I'm just a little bit depressed ... I guess I'll get more calculus tomorrow , so not to worry ! :) 
math was lame today :( it was basically a review of basic algebra . i had to take notes just to stay awake . I hope we start learning soon :) 
my professor just called the 1.1 megawatt nuclear research reactor on campus ' cute ' ... I like that class :) lol 
Apparently , October 6th ( next tuesday ) is forming up to be National Day of Resistance Against Military . Its amazing to me how I can devote my life to the defense of a country where the independence allows its citizens to organize against it's protectors . I never realized how true this is but sure enough ; I got the e-mail this morning . The website is infuriating .... 
I wish I had words to define how betrayed I feel right now :( it's so ... sad . 
I love waking up in the morning , reporting to the unit , having an hour of drill practice , etc ., and getting back to my dorm room where everyone else is ... still sleeping . It's so quiet and peaceful :) 
i think I'm done with my organizing ! :) well , for tonight at least ... 
Ok , this is a poll open to all friends on my profile . Should I join Rifle Club , or Pistol Club ? 
needs a hobby ... 
Is really really happy ! ( please don't let this end up hurting me ... ) hmmmmm :) Yay :) ( don't ask .... ) 
cold = sad :( 
doesn't want to read for chemistry ... not even a little bit ... 
just found out that tv shows online are a really great way to waste 3 or 4 hours ... ( before , all my homework was done . Now , all my work is done and my eyes hurt too ! ) 
( HAPPY DANCE !!! ) I passed :) yay for running a mile and a half in the rain at 0600 and till making time ! 
Three things I've learned so far in college : 1 ) there are 69 stairs up to my room , but 72 going down . 2 ) If you have to puke , do it at about 11:10 am , right before the cleaning lady comes . ( don't make everyone else miserable ! ) and 3 ) don't make jokes about swine flu . Your roommate will get it :( 
I need a new profile picture . But I get my blues in 2 days , so I guess I can wait til then :) 
slept in til almost 7 this morning ! :) Ah , it was great . Hopefully the rest of the day will be just as good . I have math later , so I know it will be :) 
what exactly are the modern classifications for ' going on a date' ? I'm just curious , you know , in case I need to know the difference at some point in the near future , or maybe tonight .... 
I've decided that running at 10:00 is much better than 0600 . However , my 3 mile time stays right at that 27:03 < PROPFIRST > . Kinda depressing , but at least now I'm ready for the rest of the day :) 
hmmmm mmm mm mmm mmm mm mmm mm . Hmm hm hm mmm mmmm hm mmmm . hmmmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mmm mm mm m . mmmm mmm mmm mmm mm m . ( It's a song . I think . But , I can't remember the words . Maybe i should stick to math homework ) 
busy day , busy day , sleep time , and I just have this simple beautiful < PROPFEMALE > of a lullaby dancing around in my happy little mind that's enticing me to a world of wonderful relaxation under my warm and comfy covers .... :) 
I just sat down to do my play analysis . Just 3 pages . I'm gonna do it . Just do it . Oh , goodness , my nails need to be clipped . And holy crud ! My rug is so dirty :( I need to vacuum . Maybe the analysis will just have to wait ... 
Isn't it awesome when you're used to getting up at around 0500 every weekday , and you're friend calls you ( repeatedly ; until you pick up ... ) at 0510 to freakishly scream , \Where are you ? Get to muster now ! \ " on Sunday morning ? Love those friends who can find the most creative ways to entertain themselves when they can't sleep ... " 
Feels like a champion .... NOT ! 
My < PROPFEMALE > came home !!! :) :) too bad I'm not going home for another 5 weeks ... :( :( 
got hit . in the face . with a rifle . ow . 
Which level 1 super-power would you most like to have ? A ) peanut-butter conjuration , B ) insta-naakeeeeey C ) random irrelevant quote machine D ) Other ... ( explain ) 
nap .... or study ....? nap ....? study ....? or possibly , watch worthless tv shows for 2 hours , then nap , then study tomorrow .... :) 
tired tired . definitely should have napped . 
ever have one of those days where you try to make yourself feel better , then you just end up feeling worse off for the effort ? :( 
I made cupcakes today :) then , realized I didn't have any frosting ... :( 
Voodoo doughnuts : definitely better than attending class :) 
can't think of anything profound or interesting to say . ( Actually , I can't decide between the 4 or 5 things that I want to say , but can't put into words , so this is what you get :) ha ha ) 
good day :) 94% on my Theatre exam , 100% on the Differential Calc one , and rock climbing certification class tonight to finish it all up ! :) 
grrrr .... 
I just took the elevator from the 6th floor , to the 5th floor .... and it felt great :) 
cold cold cold :( 
went to bed at around 8:30 last night .... woke up about 8:00 this morning ... 
guitar lessons = happiness :) 
sickness = no rock climbing for seek seek :( 
now I can't get these funny circles off my facebook screen ... 
YAY for Chemistry midterm tonight !!! Not :( 
needs a distraction ... 
let's just say ... Great Weekend :) :) 
wants to go home :) 
shaping up to be a pretty decent day :) 
is going to try being vegetarian for a week . Don't judge me . 
34 . In a romantic relationship between < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , a(t ) indicates < PROPFEMALE>'s affection for < PROPFIRST > at time t days after they've met , while b(t ) represents < PROPFIRST>'s affection for < PROPFEMALE > ; such that a^2 + b^2 = c ( constant ) ..... welcome to my life :) 
class ..... :( 
I love that little genius thing on iTunes . It makes my heart fill with happiness :) so much new music to listen to ... If only I could afford to purchase it legally ... 
homework break ... time for some guitar practice :) 
You know what , poo on finals week . ( I figure if I give up at the beginning , I can only improve from there ... ) Just 3 more tests and I can go home :) 
8:06 - Car won't start . A helpful neighbor with jumper cables and an hour later , I'm fine . 9:15 - car is completely out of oil . Ten minutes , $4.98 at NAPA , feeling better . 1:00 - realize I locked my keys in my car . Two hours of waiting , $40 and a Venti Black Tea later , I'm back on my way home ... ( I think I'll be staying inside tonight . I don't want my engine to explode . ) 
doesn't want to study . At all . But has a high probability of doing less than well on the Chem final tomorrow . So studying would probably be good at this point ... :( someone distract me :) 
Oh , and I've officially decided that I want a big dinosaur color-by-number like < PROPFIRST > has for Christmas . Or perhaps a shark one . Just sayin ... 
YAY ! for cramming and pulling your grade out of the gutter at the last second by acing the final !!!! :) 
All moved out ! Well , kinda ... Just gotta take my bed apart . That can wait til tomorrow . It's time for dinner , maybe some math later too :) 
So far , the transcript reads straight A's :) Waiting on two more to get turned in ... 
I've been playing a lot of < PROPFEMALE > lately ... I feel nerdy ... 
working kinda sucks . Going to school is much more fun :) but I don't get paid to go to school ... :( 
Work again today . 1 to 3 . Why even bother driving in for 2 hours of work ? Money is money ... 
I run my life ... or is it running me ? 
I live as though the world is as it should be , to show it what it can be . 
It's raining ... again ... 
I finally have internet again !!!!! :) 
Time for a night out ... I feel like being a little wild tonight ;) 
I think it's the perfect time for some Saturday morning pancakes :) 
and people are crazy ... 
Convenient that there's a laundromat a block away from my new place ... Inconvenient that the machines steal your money and you end up paying 10 bucks just to do 2 loads of laundry :( 
I'm so happy right now !!!! :) ha ha ( I understand my Chemistry homework . It's really great ... ) 
There's an intramural swim meet at the end of the month and I can participate for free ! :) I'm totally gonna do it but I wish someone would do it with me ... 
Number 7 on my list of things not to microwave : leftover Qdoba ... 
Good-bye , spare time ... Hello Tri Club :) 
I need a belt . One that actually fits . 
Now that I can actually cook for myself , I might try being vegetarian again . I think that'd be good :) 
blah ... :( 
I've got a feeling .... Today's gonna be a good day , today's gonna be a real good day ... :) 
I've started writing again :) Just finished a second new song . Wonder how many more inspirations will hit before the week is up ... 
I should probably do some homework ... 
Let's see ... 30 minutes of sleep , no breakfast , 10 hours of class , skip lunch , 6.5 < PROPMALE > of pounding my pain and tears onto the pavement ... yeah :) I'm ready for today to be over :) 
calculus is a joke . 
dad's coming to town today . Nice of him to tell me that ... after he's already on his way ... 
I keep two separate calendars for myself . I just realized , I have no idea why . They both say exactly the same things . Hm . Oh well :) 
swimming tonight ! meet on Saturday !! :) 
There's a small old woman on the sidewalk outside of my apartment ; and she's trying to dig a hole in the cement with the handle of a broomstick ... I'm not sure what to do ... 
Having a very difficult time determining whether passing the Chemistry midterm or going dancing and having a life is more important ... hmm :( 
Nothing like a red dress and some high heels to distract you from how you really feel ... 
Rumba + Salsa + Samba = :) 
Commander Volpe : This message is to notify you that I will not be attending Naval Science class tomorrow . I have assessed my class schedule as ' too predictable ' and therefore must change my routine in order to avoid terrorists . I thank you for your understanding ... 
It's not \going to bed early\ " ... it's just a little nap for the rest of the night :) " 
I guess I should look at the bright side : sure , I've been sick and puking all morning ; but at least my eye is swollen up so much that I can't see how miserable I look ... 
I love spending more money on fixing my car than the stupid machine is actually worth ... 
Just keep swimming , just keep swimming - just keep swimming , swimming , swimming ... ( It's not a triathlon ... but I'm still EXCITED !!!! ) wish me luck ! :) 
I miss my kids :( 
college students are morons 
you make me want to 
just in case anyone was mistaken , writing a lab report on the approach to criticality of the TRIGA research reactor isn't as fun as it sounds ... [ it's bed time now ... ] 
C'est la vie :) 
Hmmm .... what should I wear today ? [ Oh wait .... ] 
I really thought I was over this ... 
It's always the people you least expect who turn out to be Russian spies ... 
If a vegetarian eats vegetables , what does a humanitarian eat ? 
I love the smell of PT in the morning :D 
My words don't obey me , they do as they please 
SUPER BOWL ?!?!? Is that like one of those ones for really big salads ?! 
\Sanity is SOOO over-rated ... \"" 
I have a Nuclear engineering midterm in about 45 minutes . Don't really know if I'm ready for it . Have enough time to cram a little more studying in . I think it's a good time to play some guitar :D 
First things first ; but not necessarily in that order ... ;) 
really loves dancing :D but must go to sleep ... 
<3 rain :D 
Good Morning Facebook ! :D 
There's nothing that can match the fun of making Valentines with paper , scissors , and glue :D totally 3rd-grader style ... 
making heart-shaped pancakes for breakfast in celebration of the day :D 
Dedication takes a lifetime ; dreams only last for a night ... 
I wish life was as easy as math ... that'd be nice :D 
Definitely got lost on my ' exploratory ' run and ended up at 53rd and Philomath ... Totally worth it though since I found out the Girl Scouts are selling cookies at the Safeway down there :D 
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom 
I have a feeling my dreams tonight will consist of products and reactants reaching a state of equilibrium and different types of reaction mechanisms and little chemical formulas dancing around in circles laughing at me ... 
home sweet home :) 
too cold for a dress tonight ? Me thinks not :D 
Every man dies ; but not every man truly lives 
I'm a < PROPFEMALE > , I'm a < PROPFEMALE > , I'm a < PROPFEMALE > :D 
I think I took a wrong turn in Hell ... hmmm ... 
Yay for tax returns :D I'm thinking I should go shopping this weekend , a little pre-finals mood booster :) 
My new mission in life is to design a vending machine that sells those little fun-sized < PROPFEMALE > bars ; but has magnifying glass as the casing ... 
is very disappointed with that Yogurt Extreme place :( 
I need to stop dropping things ... 4 dishes in less than 3 months , and I only have one bowl left :( 
I remember being hungry about 3 hours ago ... but I don't remember eating ... ( ah , the joys of studying for finals ... ) 
In my head , I know this is a signal that I need to focus on finals ... but in my heart , I see it as a challenge , as one more obstacle I need to overcome to get my final revenge ... hmmm ... 
feels like a champion ! :D 
Happy Pi Day !!! :D If I manage to figure out my NE final within the next 9 hours or so , I'll be making huckleberry creme pie for EVERYONE !! :) 
That's a pretty good way to end my Chemistry career :) SO GLAD I'M DONE !!! 
Tennis with < PROPMALE > :) 
today's gonna be a good day :D 
life isn't fair , but it's still good :) 
The things those city people say ... 
I don't see what anyone can see in anyone else but you :) 
< PROPFEMALE > and perfect :D 
Ok . Now I'm ready for Spring Term again :D 
my belt holds my pants up , but the belt loops hold my belt up . I don't really know what's happening down there . Who is the real hero ? 
every snowflake in the avalanche pleads \not guilty \"..." 
Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me 
Nothing can keep us apart , my darling Dixon and I <3 
I thought it'd be great time for a run ; then it started to hail ... :( 
And every time I try to say how I feel it comes out \I love you\ " ... :D " 
the problem with common sense nowadays is that it's not really all that common ... 
Nothing like taking a nap in the library and waking up to find you still have more math to do ... :D 
You smell like Christmas to me :) 
Bad things happen to birds ... 
has the sudden urge to join an intramural soccer league ... hm ... 
\Where are you going again ? \ " \ " Idaho ... \ " \ " Who da ho ? \"" 
\Golf and alcohol don't mix ; that's why I don't drink and drive ... \"" 
\Math jokes : If you get them ... you probably don't have any friends .. \"" 
I've given it some thought , and I've come to a conclusion : the glass is neither half full nor half empty , it is simply twice as big as it needs to be . 
I'm a picker , I'm a grinner , I'm a lover , And I'm a sinner ; playin ' my music in the sun ... 
What is it about the sun coming out that makes all the unattractive hairy men in Corvallis want to take off their shirts and go running ? 
Study party in the Library Quad :D anyone who is good at vector calc or Physics is invited !! 
I just realized that in order to go home , I literally have to go over a river and through the woods ... 
Like the rain , I have fallen for you ... 
just stumbled upon a site about Physics ... when I should be studying for my PH211 midterm that's in an hour ... think it's a sign ? 
Two things I have learned so far this morning : Naval Science gets really interesting when you actually stay awake in class ; and all desks in lecture halls need cup holders for coffee . 
worked all week ; it's time to play ... 
loves < PROPFIRST > A . Mangum for the yummy-delicious-amazing coffee drink stuff that is making me really really happy right now :D 
It's not love that makes the stars shine , but the spontaneous combuston of super heated super condensed gasses in a process known as fusion that creates new elements when the time is right . But since you're gone the stars dont shine so bright ... 
Skittles who go to college are Smarties :) 
Bark less ; wag more :D 
If the world is ending in 2012 , how did < PROPFIRST > McFly end up in 2015 ? 
Dear April , I know your showers are supposed to bring May flowers . But when you left , you forgot to take your showers with you . Just thought I'd let you know in case you wanted to come back and take them away . Love , Seeca <3 
Not all boys want a relationship just for sex ; some just want a good sandwich ... 
Nothing like 100% on a Nuclear Engineering exam to lighten up your day :D 
Friends call ask if you want do do something this weekend . BEST friends call you and tell you they got us tickets to a drag show :D lol 
I live such a diverse and interesting life ... :) 
BEST . RUN . EVER ... 8 < PROPMALE > in 62 minutes , and I feel ... thirsty ! :D 
Please put this on your status if you knowor are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliteratedby the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empireis a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bringpeace to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocentcivilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your statusfor at least one hour ? 
I'll be up up and away ; up up and away , cause in the end they'll judge me anyway , so - whatever :D 
Only 114 days ! Time to get movin'!! 
\If I'm not the one thing you can't stand to lose ; consider me gone . \"" 
If I can race a dolphin in 6th grade ; I can beat < PROPFIRST > Hutchins in the < PROPMALE > Dash . IT'S ON !!!!! :D 
goin ' fishin ' in the dark :D 
If you had a choice between going to Hawaii with your best friend for an entire week , and having a place to live next year ... How exactly do you handle that decision ? _ ? 
There's a difference between having a will to win , and having an unwillingness to lose . Which do you work toward ? 
life is good :) 
Great spiritshave always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds . 
got hit in the head with a flying < PROPFEMALE > last night ... Mechanical bulls + alcohol = no bueno 
\I'd hit that . .... With my car ... \"" 
.... :D 
adorkable ;) 
I thought you could find anything on the internet ... yet when I search for an isotope of sodium with a gamma spectroscopy range of 1372.29 keV , I get nothing :( stupid Google ... 
just can't stop smiling :D 
how many half-lives does a radioactive cat have ? 
nothin ' sweeter than summertime ... 
I wish dreams were like wishes , and wishes came true ; ' cause in all of my dreams I'm always with you <3 
kinda wants to bike over the Santiam Pass before the end of the summer . Anybody want to come ? :D 
We should get jerseys , ' cause we make a good team- But yours would look better than mine , ' cause you're out of my league ... 
got my motor running for a wild weekend :D 
I GOT A B+ IN PYSICS !!!!!!!!!! :D I never thought I'd be so happy to get a B .... :) :) 
great weekend :) awesome week :D amazing summer !!! 
wants to go home :( 
Jeans Bars : so named , because they will make your jeans tight ! 
look at me still talking when there's science to do !! 
now this is the kind of rain I've been missing <3 
left my markers and pencils at home :( I think I'll have to find a new creative outlet for the time being ... 
Always be yourself - unless you're an arrogant bastard . 
a good night for some videogames with my friend < PROPMALE > Drordy :D 
show me the other side of the great unknown ;) 
Hello Seattle :D 
\Iron Man\ " is a superhero . \ " Iron Woman\ " is a command . " 
If you have ever loved me or love me now , please Skype me tonight !! :D I miss home :( 
it is impossible to be both wise and in love 
I think < PROPFIRST > Graversen might possibly be my favorite person in the world tonight . Just sayin ' ... 
Skydiving is really fun ; however , I wouldn't recommend trying it from a T-34 
I have finally chosen a favorite color . I think . 
I was just about to write about how much I miss home , then I realized that what I meant was I miss school ... Corvallis has my heart <3 
thinks < PROPMALE > Miller and < PROPMALE > Mangum need to come to San < PROPMALE > for tomorrow night so she isn't so lonely going clubbing downtown ... 
OMG OMG OMG Comic-Con International in San < PROPMALE > !!!! July 22-25 !!!!! And Active military get a discount <3 :) :) 
Sea World today :D 
Mysterious as the dark side of the < PROPFEMALE > <3 
All I want is you , I feel it inside ; take me by the hand and stand by my side . All I want is you , will you stay with me ? Hold me in your arms and sway me like the sea :D 
Name's Bond . Covalent Bond . 
Your smile puts the city lights in my heart <3 
nothing like waking up at 3 AM to find that your boots are still wet and you're spending an extra night underway ... and I'm going to assume my phone won't be working too great either , for anyone who actually talks to me still . 
There's certain moments in life when you realize who you absolutely unconditionally love and couldn't stand to live without <3 
If you think I'm cute when I'm mad , then I'm about to get real freakin ' adorable ... 
Oh hello Friday :D it's so nice to see you again <3 
is realizing more and more every day how bad of an influence < PROPMALE > Mangum is ... 
\How long ' til we get home ? \"...\" Two trolley stops and 6 days . \ " :) :) :) " 
\We are not retreating ; we are simply advancing in another direction . \"" 
soakin ' up the soft warm California sunshine to sweetly tan my skin ... LOL jk ! I'm burnt ... 
I'm feeling kinda land-sick :( who wants to go sailing with me ?? :D 
You may be an idiot , but try not to be stupid . 
Direct use of force is such a poor solution to any conflict ; I find it is often employed only by small children and large nations 
Dear Oregon , \ 
\ 
I've missed you terribly . I can't wait to see you again . \ 
Love , Seeca 
makes you really think about your definition of home <3 
Love gets me every time ; my heart changed my mind ... 
I have ENERGY !!!!! :) :) :) What am I going to do with all of it ?!?! :) 
And now , I'm just trying to save the world- one sequin at a time :) 
Take me as I am or watch me as I go 
I'm organizing a yard sale as a fundraiser to help out a close family member's efforts toward adoption , so if anyone has something to donate please let me know and I can come pick it up anytime . Even if it's just a few little things you would've taken to Goodwill , anything helps !! :) :) 
Hug a tree - they have less problems than people do ;) 
Sometimes I stay up way past midnight and wonder what the world would be like without Captain Hook . 
pain killer and liquid breakfast .... yummm ... :( :( 
Anywhere , say anywhere ; as long as I'm with you . Anything , ask anything ; we'll watch the world go by ? 
I was going to watch the meteor shower tonight ... Then I woke up from my nap to find that I'm actually allergic to my pain killer . I think I'm just gonna go back to bed . I'm not going to want to wake up until Saturday . 
The smell in the air here awakens my mind as the sunshine fills my soul with happiness :) 
you taste like glitter mixed with rock and r o-o olllll :) :D :) :) 
I'm done with being weak !! Gonna get myself a Jamba Juice and say goodbye to the aching craters in my mouth :) Hello swollen smile :D 
i miss you :/ 
Life is pain . Anyone who says differently is selling something . 
It seems I've gotten myself in the habit of missing your presence every minute of the day ... 
your smile puts the city lights in my heart <3 :) 
You know you've found love when you look in their eyes and find yourself <3 
I've got it good :) 
Just a reminder , if anyone would like to contribute to the fundraiser by donating old furniture , clothes , anything that you have lying around just waiting to be taken to Goodwill , let me know and I'll be happy to come pick it up !! Any questions let me know !! :D 
Even if you just had possibly the worst night of your life , tomorrow can still be a beautiful and magnificent day . You just have to wake up and get there . 
Since life is a highway , I've decided that I want to drive with my eyes closed from now on :) do you trust me enough to take my hand and ride with me ? <3 
Dear Heart , \ 
You're Fired . \ 
Sincerely , Brain . 
What a perfect morning to go over the river and through the woods :) It's been too long since I've been home ! <3 
long drive over the mountain , but I'm finally home !! <3 Already a great start to my weekend ! 
Just thought I'd join in on this new fad where everyone randomly has < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Mangum in their profile picture ... ( That and I'm totally missing him already lol ... ) 
For those of you who are unaware , the < PROPMALE > Dash Sprint Triathlon is approximately 19 days , 15 hours , and 11 minutes away . I promise to take first again , but only if everyone comes to watch !!! :D 
Tonight I feel like .... sushi :D 
19 days :) 
I may not have wings but fuck if that'll keep me from flying ! 
love you ! <3 
Summer makes me happy . School makes me happier . Can't we make some sort of hybrid here ? 
the radio plays really bad music at night :( 
I would conquer the world so I could give it to you <3 
I've only been awake ten minutes , yet I already have more than 63 reasons to smile :) :) :) 
You're gonna break my heart anyway ; just leave the pieces when you go 
Two weeks to Triathlon !!!!!! Where my cheerleaders at ?!? 
Si vis amari ; ama <3 
There's always that one < PROPFEMALE > that shines especially for you :) Me , I'm lucky . I have 3 :) :) 
I figure , if I let my tears out now , maybe my soul will be a rainbow tomorrow :) 
is on the run ! 
Hm . I think I'll go to Portland today :) 
long weekend , long drive ... nap time <3 :) :) 
misses < PROPFIRST > Krueger so very much <3 
Don't ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can't be exactly who you are . 
I'll take your bet , but you're gonna regret it ; ' cause I'm the best there's ever been ! 
just 2 more days ... I'm aiming for first again !! Heat 4 swims @ 8:45 which should put me across the finish line between 10:30 and 10:45 , for anyone who happens to be in Madras around that time !! 
is lonely :/ 
So ... why did the chicken cross the Mobius Strip ? 
so blissfully happy and excited since my awesome friends < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Miller and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Mangum came to visit me and cheer me on tomorrow !!!!!!!! :) :) :) I'mma take first !!!!! 
has the bestest friends ever in the whole wide world !!! 
Dancing when the stars go blue <3 
OoooOOooohhhhh !!! Official Finish Time -- 1:49:29 !! I may be pathetic but at least I'm proud of it !! :) :) only 363 days ' til next year's DASH ! 
can't sleep ... which has never happened to me before ... 
mmmm .... canning season <3 
I need another fun photoshop project . Any ideas/volunteers ? :) 
Thunderstorm ... and no one to cuddle up with :/ 
Engineering . Where the < PROPMALE > semiskilled laborers execute the vision of those who think and dream . Hello , Oompa-Loompas of science ... 
I'm going HOME !!!!! Which means I get to buy my books and go to Dixon and see some friends and school is ALMOST HERE !!!!!! And I can get more COOFFFFFFEEEEE :) :) :) :) :) 
anyone know why campus smells so bad ? :( ick ... 
New Student Orientation : Day 1 :D 
Girls who like boys that like boys ... 
Well , it looks like I'm going to have to start learning how to love < PROPFIRST > ... 
<3 Dixon <3 
3 new textbooks : $555 ... The fact that I now have over 2000 pages of statics , nuclear engineering , and applied differential equations to read : priceless <3 :D 
Some days , I like you . Others , I want to push you in front of a bus . 
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer , it sings because it has a song 
Don't outsmart your common sense 
. 
nothing in life should be feared ; only understood . Now is the time to understand more , so that we may fear less . 
has successfully pulled an all-nighter ! All of you who know how much I love sleep should be very proud . Let's just see if I can make it through today without a nap ... 
misses < PROPFEMALE > Bean so much , I'm actually driving to < PROPFIRST > to see her . If that's not friendship , I don't know what is ... ;) If anybody knows anything that's going on tonight hit me up ! 
You might be an engineer if : you have no life , and you can PROVE it mathematically :D 
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas . 
I love my friends <3 :) 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) I'm a little bit happy this morning <3 
oh lover ... lover , lover ... you don't treat me no good no more ... 
You can't spell ' geek ' without EE . 
three little words : CLC <3 
Scissors cuts paper , paper covers rock , rock crushes lizard , lizard poisons Spock , Spock smashes scissors , scissors decapitates lizard , lizard eats paper , paper disproves Spock , Spock vaporizes rock , and as it always has , rock crushes scissors . 
No more math until monday :'( luckily I have homework for nuclear physics though !! <3 
& < PROPFEMALE > Bean : The pumpkin-carving masters !! :D 
Potato and spinach soup , courtesy of < PROPFIRST > A . Mangum :D 
study party in the CLC , and YOU are invited <3 :) :) 
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking . 
feels like a champ !! A really tired , smelly champ ... 
I like it against the wall 
Always tell people you love them ; you may not get the < PROPMALE > to tomorrow <3 
Smile more ; it enhances your face value :D 
You think missing me is hard ? Try missing you ... 
It's not that blondes have more fun ... just that brunettes don't tell ;) 
is thinking about proposing to @ < PROPFEMALE > Bean ... but don't tell her and ruin the surprise !! 
Be safety conscious ! 80% of people are caused by accidents ! 
Any fool can know ; the point is to understand . 
needs new music . Any suggestions ? 
there is a crow outside my window ; and if I had a gun right now , it would be dead . 
Waay past my bedtime . I can't resist the beat of a good song though . All in all , another night well spent <3 Thanks to Oregon State University Ballroom Dance Club !! :D 
For an optimist the glass is half full , for a pessimist it's half empty , and for an engineer it's simply twice bigger than necessary :D 
word of advice : do not play lady gaga while you bake cookies . You will dance , and your cookies will burn . 
has happy feelings :D 
you're nothing but a stuck up , half-witted , scruffy-looking Nerf herder . 
taking my wifey for a weekend getaway where sandcastles are a definite possibility :D :D 
good is good , but could be better 
That boy is a monster 
dinner and a movie :D 
Planck Length : 0.00000000000000000000000000000000001 m ( 1x10^-35 m ) : any length shorter makes \no physical sense . \"" 
Whatever you can do , or dream you can , begin it . Boldness has genius , power and magic in it . 
sometimes I wish I wasn't so rational . 
funny how the people who know you best still don't really know you ... 
Just did the calculations : the longest straw you could possibly drink from would be 10.3 m long . In case you wanted to know . 
If you're not having fun ; you're not doing it right . 
Post this on your status if you know or are related to someone who suffersfrom being an Oregon Ducks Fan . Being an Oregon Ducks Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for U of O and sympathy does little to help ; but we can raise awareness ! 90% of Ducks fans won't repost this because they don't know how to copy and paste . ( and you know who you are ) . Go beavs ! 
is getting a cat and naming him Schrödinger :) 
:) 
caught between a rock and a crazy place ... 
let's be friends so we can make out ;) 
I was intimidated by the acronym GSOCCLHODE until I found out is stands for General Second Order Constant Coefficient Linear Homogeneous Ordinary Differential Equation . <3 Math :) 
This is the kind of day where I'm skipping coffee and going straight for chocolate milk ... 
How do you keep your feet on the ground when you know you were born to fly ? 
learned how to < PROPFEMALE > :D 
I cook pizza with no tomato 
broke my mirror this morning ; no good omen for today ... 
Dear Math , \ 
Please grow up and solve your own problems . I don't have time to solve yours and mine . \ 
Love , Seeca . 
Put your past behind you ; live for the future . If happiness is your dream make it happen . 
I love my brother soooooo much <3 <3 
A ship in harbor is safe , but that's not what ships were built for . 
Rhythm is a gangsta :D 
If I can reach the stars , \ 
I'll pull one down for you\ 
and shine it on my heart <3 
Sometime I want to copy someone's status word for word , and see if they notice :) 
The sun will kiss the afternoon sky\ 
the < PROPFEMALE > will kiss the stars so high\ 
the morning dew will kiss the grass\ 
but you , my friend , can kiss my ass 
can someone who's really smart come fix my printer ? :( 
My Most Recent News : 85% talking about the weather , 10% avoiding homework , 5% Robot Unicorn Attack .... symbolic of the life of a college student much ? 
I wish I could cook like my sister . 
If anyone is heading toward Salem this afternoon , please call me first :) I needs to ask a favor !! 
The most precious heirlooms are the sweet memories our family has bestowed on us 
I forgot how much Power 94 and Peak 104.1 suck . No wonder I never listened to the radio at home . 
Portland , it's been far too long . I miss you , and I'm coming to visit . 
How To Make A Christmas Tree Stand Straight 101 
Reason #6 to have a Christmas tree : when you're feeling sick and miserable and all you want to do is lay down and nap , you still have something simple to take pleasure in :) 
stay awake ( dreams only last for a night ) 
I might need to give in and invest in pajama pants . It's a serious consideration . 
you stand out like mars at perihelion <3 
love stinks 
It's hard to wait around for something you know might never happen ; but it's harder to give up when you know it's everything you want . You have to have strength to gain strength . 
I officially started a dance party tonight . Life Mission : complete . 
what a beautiful day in such a beautiful life :) 
A date which will live in infamy 
\it's like the chocolate type of Attraction ... \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
Anything worth taking seriously is also worth making fun of :) 
anyone want to buy a differential equations ( mth 256 ) text , or sell me a MTH 306 book ? :) 
Don't blame the flower petals , it's not their fault he doesn't love you ... 
I came home , and yet I still miss my family .... :( My Paulie and my Jen-jen and < PROPFEMALE > McBeanster and Brenty-Boo ... all so far away :( 
nothing like blasting old country love songs when you're lonely <3 
If I had a boat I'd go out on the ocean . And if I had a pony I'd ride him on my boat . And we could all together go out on the ocean . Me upon my pony on my boat ? 
cleaning , cooking , baking , sewing , and a snowstorm <3 
unbearable pain , inflicted by those closest to us , is the hardest thing to overcome 
Tonight's agenda : dance :) 
Tonight's Agenda : changed . Car : broken . Portland : now my least favorite place . Dancing : not happening ... :( 
Home : Corvallis Version 
I think the Discovery Channel should be on a different channel every day . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Krueger , \ 
I love you . My heart is sore from missing you so much . It is entirely not fair that we are 5,000 < PROPMALE > apart , and every day closer to seeing you again makes me feel just a < PROPFEMALE > bit happier . Hope your holidays are < PROPFEMALE > and the new year eventually brings us together . \ 
<3 Always , \ 
baby sister 
it was like trying to get relationsip advice by listening to a bunch of bloated sea lions barking at a passing ship 
If you say Jesus backwards , it sounds kinda like \sausage \"" 
The Adventures of < PROPFEMALE > and Seeca : Ice Skating and Related Failures :) 
The city limits of Culver , OR contains 0.61 square < PROPMALE > . In case anyone was wondering why I refer to my hometown as \small \"." 
snow in Corvallis :) 
It's not so much what you look like , it's what's on the inside that I can't stand ... 
Looking back on 2010 , It's pretty tough to say what the best part was . Probably a tie between having the bestest best friend < PROPFEMALE > Bean and having the bestest best friend < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Mangum . They're so amazing , and I hope they stay my bestest best friends for the rest of eternity <3 
Dear Alarm Clock : please die a horrible death . Love , Seeca <3 
Official Nerd© 
Be yourself , trends come and go . 
I have frightfully brutal and extremely unkind words for the postman ............... 
When I get sad , I stop being sad and start being awesome instead . True story . 
Kitteh is coming today , but will very soon be needing a new home !! If anyone wants to save a pretty girl from the shelter let me know ! She's a bundle of love :) 
homework party : successful . Do I want chocolate cake now ? Yes . 
I am a Beaver . But before I was a Beaver , I was simply an Oregonian . Therefore , I owe it to myself to say the following : GOOOOOO DUCKS !! 
everything has beauty , but not everyone sees it 
Blues tonight <3 
We do not grow absolutely chronologically . We grow sometimes in one dimension and not in another ; partially and unevenly . We are relative . We are mature in one realm , childish in another . The past , present , and future mingle and pull us backward , forward , or fix us in present . Live for life itself . 
silly girl 
Peace does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise , trouble , or hard work . It means instead to be in the midst of all those things and still be calm in your heart . 
It's been so long it's getting hard to recall just how the dream went ... 
beneath the milky twilight , lead me out on the < PROPFEMALE > lit floor\ 
Lift your open hand , strike up the band and make the fireflies dance\ 
The silver < PROPFEMALE > is sparkling\ 
So kiss me <3 
I miss my wife :( But I get to see her tomorrow !!!! :D :D 
The time we spend with those we love is precious <3 don't ever let it slip away 
?? q ??? ? o ??? p ?? oq ???????? ??? ? nq ??? ?? ???? ? s ? l ? ??? s ??? s ??? 
somewhere , over the rainbow :) 
Things I don't want to study for : Physics . 
Just in case you ever wondered why you can't bring Bromine on a plane .... 
AAAAAARRRRRRGGGGGGGGG (* English version , not Pirate ) . 
well-behaved women seldom make history ;) 
Three things I've learned today : I hate being sick . And actually I don't care about the other two things anymore ... 
who wants to pull an all-nighter with me ?!? ( or stay in the library with me until maybe 11 or so when I give up and go home ? ) 
life is chaos , hope and love 
\People are stupid . Give them a < PROPMALE > ..... and they'll let you down . \"" 
Well now that I've satisfied my craving for eel , I can sleep better tonight . 
bought a hat :D 
Happy Monday !! :D 
Sometimes , a hug from your best friend just makes the sun shine a little brighter :D 
I add extra letters to my words because I'm coooooooooooool like that ;) 
turn the lights down low , put some music on that's soft and slow ... ( aka I'm going dancing tonight , if anyone's in the mood for some Blues .... <3 ) 
When you think about it , < PROPFIRST>'s Day is kinda the opposite of Christmas . On Christmas , we go to bed and wake up hoping to get gifts from the ones we love ; and on < PROPFIRST>'s Day , we get gifts for the ones we love , hoping to go to bed with them ;) 
Love is like pi - natural , irrational , and very important <3 
Pile of homework , will you be my < PROPFIRST > ? Cause I'm gonna do you . Whether you like it or not <3 
I recommend biting off more than you can chew . Makes you realize that the impossible really is possible if you put your heart in it . 
Sometimes , I smile because I'm happy . Sometimes I smile just because I want to . Sometimes I smile because I have a reason , and right now that reason is you :) 
today is a day for good ideas :) 
Math and other four letter words ...... 
I think my profile picture speaks for how well my day is going :D 
\I don't want to be the only one blowing a Wiener Whistle !! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Bean " 
I know it's easy to say , but it's harder to feel 
hug a tree . they have less problems than people do <3 
I have outgrown my apartment . I don't have enough room in my closet for my new pair of shoes . 
I like to see the good in people . 
Each of us has much to learn about being human 
mmmmm red satin sheets <3 
Gonna watch my bestest friend < PROPMALE > Mangum kick ass at wrestling tonight , and spend time with my beloved Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > Bean !!!! :) <3 
I want < PROPMALE > Mangum's hipster bahbee'z 
I have a new friend , and I've named him < PROPFIRST > <3 
I love < PROPMALE > Mangum . I probably will for the rest of my life . 
I get to see my momma today :D 
I'm in the pursuit of happiness and I know everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold 
heeeey freshman friends :) anybody wanna buy a physics book from me ?? 
\I think I sing so much better when I have a British accent\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Bean " 
I'm a momma's girl :D 
Life changes it's beauty all the time ; sometimes it is dark , sometimes it is sunlight . Live every moment here , to your hearts content , for the time that is now may not be tomorrow . 
I would take pleasure in a beautiful sunrise , but would I consider the sun a hero for rising ? 
We have to learn for ourselves that waking is better than sleeping , that knowing is better than wondering , and that even the biggest failure can beat the hell out of never trying . 
Don't judge me because I buy chicken nuggets in the shapes of dinosaurs ... 
My fake plants died , because I forgot to pretend to water them . 
