I am going to go to Florida today and come home on Tuesday . I am going to miss < PROPFIRST > . 

I feel tired , used up , and worthless . 
I officially quit being < PROPFIRST > Thomason's friend . He is a frustrating , self absorbed person , and he will kill any heart that he can !!! 
I am official tired of < PROPFIRST > Thomason . He is no longer my friend and he stomped on my heart . 
I am living in Rogers now . I have become a city girl and I am not sure that I like that , but all else is cool . 
Booshit ! \ 
We all float ! 
We all float ! and You'll Float Too ! 
\I just wanna buy a farm somewhere and put every orphan of the world on it and let them all run free and you know I wanna take all the black people of the world and just buy a farm somewhere ... oh never mind\ " - < PROPFIRST > from Family Guy " 
People want to know why I do this , why I write such gross stuff . I like to tell them I have the heart of a small boy ... and I keep it in a jar on my desk . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
is starting to love cooking again ! 
I love the ocean . I love real dirty things . I love to go fast . I love Egyptian kings . I love the whole world And all its craziness ! I love tornadoes . I love arachnids . I love hot magma . I love the giant squids . I love the whole world . It's such a brilliant place . \ 
Boom De Yada ! Boom De Yada ! Boom De Yada ! Boom De Yada ! 
Nothing To Lose is some funny shit ! 
Grillin and Chillin 
I just learned how to update by text . I know , way behind the times I am . 
I am about to have an awkard afternoon . 
I start a new job that I will probably like tomorrow . :) No more Casino !!! 
Everyone i know from my past is married and I am not . Does that say something ? 
First time watching Grey's and it is the shiznit . 
F* #k the police 
Wishes that the chat button didn't really exist . 
My name is < PROPMALE > ... Hilarious ' Nough Said 
We went to the Hibachi Grill and then we saw Grown Ups . It was a very special night . :) 
Cambiano i suonatori < PROPFEMALE > la musica è sempre quella . 
Voglio andare in Italia così male . Essa detiene così tanta bellezza . I tramonti , il surf , il cielo , cibo , piccoli villaggi . Il destino di tutti è raccontato dalle stelle laggiù . Vivere per l'arte e bellezza . Tutto sembra così assoluta . Non si può combattere il tuo destino ci per è scritto < PROPFEMALE > stelle . Voglio andare < PROPFEMALE > giorno e < PROPFEMALE > verrà casa . Mi auguro che il giorno è pieno di speranza , gioia , amore e risate . Solo in Italia . 
Wolfman is awesome but not as good as Silver Bullet . 
I am wondering if this job is a good fit for me . 
I am having a hard time thinking . The walls are closing in and I am starting to run out of air . I am trying to be there for certain people as much as possible , but I am confused myself ... so how can I be of any real assistance ? A little girl needs me , and trying to protect her is getting harder and harder . 
I am scared for my future family . 
My mind is tired from trying to digest all the legal crap . 
\If we are gonna perform Inception then we need imagination . \"" 
I wanna see Inception about 3 more times in theaters and then I think I'll be good . :) 
Is waiting for life to begin . 
< PROPFEMALE > is here !!! I get to spoil the girl . Yay ! 
I wanna catch up with my long lost friend . 
Busy drawing some stuff for the next arkansas anime con . TOTORO !!!!!! 
I love < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Little < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , Mom , Dad , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > . These people make my world go round . :) 
Oh my god , blue collar tv has me laughing so hard i can hardly breathe !!! 
 terally !!! 
I am learning how to make stainless steel eating utensils on How It's Made and loving it . 
Due , that was an intense Medium episode ! 
I have been doing some research online and come to find out that I am not the only freak in the world who's dreams occasionally come true . I may be the only one who < PROPFIRST > 9/11 before it happened , but I am not the only one who dreamed it . Wow , I feel a lot better . :) 
The Stand is blowing my mind man . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a literary god ! 
I am going to start a dream journal and see what i come up with . I am sort of excited . 
I have spent the last couple of hours coloring a build a bear house for < PROPFEMALE>'s new Hello < PROPFEMALE > doll . Now the question is , when are they going to make a Totoro ? Because I want one . 
So , I love the products that my employer puts out , I just think that I don't make agood sales person . :( 
Kick Ass really kix a$$ !!! 
Wants seasons 1-5 of medium , but it is too expensive for this poor person . 
I want a vantage point backpack !!! 
Spent too much money today . I am encouraging a hello < PROPFEMALE > addiction by buying these overpriced build a bear clothes for a little girl . 
Best two days off ever ! My brother is the coolest . 
I don't know what to do with my life sometimes , and I know that I am not alone in this . I no longer have that casino job , but my taxes from that job put 
my efc at a level 6 on the fafsa . I cannot afford to pay over half with this job and good luck trying to find another job that pays enough to do that ! Ug 
h , I am so frustrated . It looks like I am never going to school . :( 
So , I guess that when I send an update with this new phone it just ends up a garbled mess . 
Sometimes I have to wonder why people have turned facebook into an online devotional . It is usually annoying , but now I just find it puzzling why people feel that specific need . 
I was thinking about working at Hobby Lobby . After all , I love < PROPMALE > . However , I have found many disturbing reviews and I was just wondering if anyone knows what it is like to work at the HL here in Arkansas ( no reviews for this state ) and if not any suggestions on some fun places that are closed on Sundays or understands the need for Sundays off ? 
I am not looking foward to tomorrow . Tough times ahead . 
Awesome ! One of the previews on Grindhouse , Machete , is really going to be a movie . \You fucked with the wrong mexican !!! \"" 
Okay , so I am still trying to get some stuff together to put on my Etsy.com site and I have no idea what to put on there . Everything is already being sold on there it seems . Creative Artist's Block . Grrr .... 
Well , my etsy shop is getting a little closer to seeing the light of day . I am almost proud . 
Dear Alaska : You are my dream state . I may never get to see you . But , I am going to paint the shit out of you ! You heard me , you have been warned . 
I can't figure out how to send photos via mobile and it is making me angry . I set up my mobile setting to receive and even a mobile facebook email and nothing shows up on here . 
Tonight has been a good night . 
Monday you can hold your head , Tuesday Wednesday stay in bed , Or Thursday watch the walls instead , It's Friday and I'm in love . 
Today , is one day closer to being Fall . 
I wanna carve some pumpkins ! 
So I am thinking that I want to go swimming in this pond at the apartment . There's a sign that says \No Swimming\ " and that makes it harder to ignore . " 
I am happy that we got some much needed rain . 
2.98 is not enough to ship most dvds . Amazon needs to rethink that . 
Does anyone use myspace anymore ? I liked it back when they were just myspace , not myspace trying to be facebook . 
What are the chances the 2012 will really be the end of existence ? No Religion please . 
I am officially engaged !!! 
Is wishing that life was simpler . 
Just made Lobster and Angel Hair Pasta with homemade cream sauce with baby portabella mushrooms , onions , garlic , and slightly cooked grape tomatoes to bring out the sweet wine taste . God ! No wonder I am fat . :) 
Great day spent in Fayetteville . Hugos , < PROPFIRST > Wilmoth , Dark < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Sound Warehouse , Bracelet making . Now , if only I can have more days like these . Love Fayetteville ? Then keep it funky ! 
Gonna make banana wafer pudding and a quiche today . Yay ! 
Big Brother is Watching 
Planning your own wedding is hard . 
I have an interview with Hobby Lobby tomorrow and I am really excited . I want to be in a position to help others be creative . I just really hope that everything works out . 
I have to close tonight :( 
Got the job at hobby lobby !!! Time to sell some paint ! Start on the 11th 
Bring back Project < PROPMALE > ! Only reason for wanting Kinect . We need to make a petition . 
\Poisoned meat . Such a strange way to care for children . \ " \ 
Why doesn't Barnhill arena put on concerts anymore ? Those were some of the best memories with my family . 3 doors down , Oleander , Fuel , Goo Goo Dolls , Matchbox 20 . I miss the 90's . :( 
I am so scared that my bread won't turn out right . 
I like it on the loveseat . 
Even if you do everything right you still die . So stop worrying . Words to live by . 
Getting Beauty and the Beast on dvd . YAY ! 
Hobby Lobby training on Monday . I am excited and nervous , like the first day of school . Other than that , kind of quiet and boring . 
End of the Spear is a truly moving movie . 
It's the terror of knowing what this world is about , watching some good friends screaming \Let me out . \"" 
Well , my craft heaven job didn't work out for reasons I can't even begin to list here . I least I kept my other job . EB looks like a bunch of saints , so I guess I will be happy with what I have . For the time being ... 
I wanna join Storm Chasers ! 
15.5 gallon keg and coors tap for sale . 150 or best offer . Any takers ? 
Correction : Keg and Tap 100 OBO . Sorry Folks . Any takers ? 
Went to go see Paranormal Activity and it was worse , scarier than the first one . My brother was next to me and I almost ripped his arm off ! 
So , House on Haunted Hill is kind of little silly , but I still love it . 
9 hrs . and aprox . 30 minutes until The Walking Dead on AMC . Watch it if you love zombies . 
Pinnacle Hills Mall was crazy , and there were so many good costumes . I even saw Bub from Day of the Dead . Good Times . 
The Walking Dead was amazing . Brand new favorite show . :) 
I hate it that Halloween is over if only it could last for a month . :( 
Novemeber = shit 
I hate being sick , it puts me into a terrible mood . :( 
Due date is hilarious . Special screenings rock . 
Just saw Toy Story 3 and I hate to say this , but I teared up a little at the end . 
I want my brother to call me . 
The Walking Dead just keeps getting better . 
Pickin ' up black ops tonight at midnight . 
Black ops is awesome . Pretty bad ass zombie mode . 
Why does it seem like I am coming across more and more adult aged products of our public school systems that graduate but are still unable to read ? Shame on the public school system . 
Wants everyone to just smoke a joint and be happy . 
Three cast members is the walking dead are from The Mist !!! Awww ... I have an orgy going on in my eyeballs . :) 
anyone ever home school a 6 year old ? 
Does anyone know of a great , creative job opening ? I wish for some sort of creative , artistic , job . I can't find anything . 
Damn now I am in the mood to play NIRVANA too ! 
Let us commence this holiday by consuming mass quantities of domesticated fowl and hopping on the gravy train !!!!!! Happy Thankstaking Day ! 
\ 
I dont understand why i am so worried . Yesterday a lady claimed that i ran her off the road , which was a shared driveway and i didn't and she was afraid 
she had a flat tire . I hope she got home okay . 
Well , christmas is finally coming . I am prepared with a 7-8 ' tree that would cause an epileptic to have a seizure just looking at it . 
Are aliens really out there ? And I am not talking about the illegal kind . 
We officially start to close at 10 pm now . Crap . 
What do you think will really happen on December 21st , 2012 ? Scam or Legit ? Your thoughts ? 
Long and busy day . < PROPFIRST>'s jeep just crapped out on him and we spent the whole day fixing the Isuzu . < PROPFIRST > basically ( metaphorically ) pulled a rabbit out of his ass and managed to get the beast going . Good day . 
going to war eagle 
Is anyone else tired of working to make everyone else < PROPMALE > while you struggle to pay the bills ? 
Know of any great places hiring ? I am looking for something creative . 
I am in Florida missing everybody . However , it is great to see the ocean and pick up handfuls of shells on a practically deserted beach . St. < PROPFIRST>'s Island is completely beautiful and reminds me of the early days of Destin . Yay . 
Holy crap . I am about to watch Black Swan . It starts in a few minutes and I am fully prepared to get my eyes blown from my optical sockets . 
Sometimes , I just want to die . Maybe I could be a really successful artist or something in the next world . 
This sounds fun so I will try it out and see what I get :\ 
\ 
What song do I remind you of ? 
< PROPFIRST > got me an Indiana < PROPFIRST > es hat . I love him so . 
Something funny : I am watching The Social Network while playing on facebook . Now that is addiction . LOL 
I am in the search for a wedding ring for < PROPFIRST > . Tungsten Carbide looks like the only reasonable option ... considering what he does for a living . 
Looking forward to tomorrow . :) 
I am thinking of calling her Chihiro or Mei :) My fur baby , not a real one just to put minds to rest . 
I got a beige female chinchilla . Her name is Coraline ... and she is the cutest little fuzzy thing . < PROPFIRST > even likes her . 
I just lost a friend , due to reasons unknown . I am really sad right now . She is treating me like shit and won't say why . 
I finally have my wedding ideas set into place ! Siloam Springs gazebo . Summer time , probably June 25th .... < PROPFIRST > Orwell's birthday . 
I miss my ring . It had to be sent away to be fixed . My finger feels naked . 
< PROPFIRST > , Little < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > are about to be youtube stars and maybe appearing on 40/29 . 
For Colored Girls is one of the most deeply moving films I have seen in years . 
Looking for a good job is hard work , but I strangely like it . I have so many lead and applications to fill out . 
Thank you guys for all the wonderful birthday wishes . It makes turning 25 a lot easier . :) 
Best Birthday ever ! Thank you all for the kind wishes . I love life right now and that is really rare ! 
Red riding hood is suprisingly good . 
