is not going to be that lame . Vanya , you know . 

finally got around to drinking < PROPMALE>'s homemade Kahlua . 
gives respect to all fathers out there , not baby daddies . 
has forgotten how free time works . 
is in shock . 2-0 ?!? 
enjoyed the animal quiz but does not want to shout obscenities at his relatives via Facebook . Also , I'm a f***ing bear . 
is beyond exhausted . 
got his HTML on . 
just got signed up for a Twitter account since some moron doesn't know his and/or her own email address ! 
chose air conditioning over fireworks . 
Proof there is a God who loves me : They're remaking The Last Dragon , with < PROPFIRST > L . < PROPMALE > as Sho'Nuff! 
will be alive to see 4:05:06 on 07/08/09 . Remember where you were . Tell your children . Just don't buy a lottery ticket . 
, at 4:05:06 on 7/8/09 , created a silly Facebook poll . My grandchildren will be VERY impressed . 
wants Vanya to know it will all work out fine . 
Happy birthday , Sgt . Campbell , if you're still alive . 
thinks the check is a stupid graphic for a no vote . 
thanks you . 
would rather not waste a day off feeling ill . Archangel < PROPMALE > , are you listening ? 
is attempting to comply with his company's social networking policy . 
isn't sure if he has the flu or \flu-like symptoms\ " per his prescription bottle . Hooray for health care . " 
has severe brain ache from his Cisco book . 
has remodeled , mostly . And is in pain , mostly . 
was defriended by his co-worker today . Monday should be interesting . 
will be selling blood to pay OUC . 
is in Hell . 
would like the religious among you to pray - and the non-religious to wish really hard - for the health and recovery of his mother < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
asks you to keep the faith . Mom , keep on fighting . 
wants his life back . 
would like you to stop texting him as the screen on his cell phone is broken and circumstances do not allow him to be without the phone long enough to swap it . 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ( 11-20-39 to 9-6-09 ) Well done , thou good and faithful servant . 
couldn't make it through without you . Yes , I'm talking to you . 
Mom's viewing will be held at Community Funeral Home , 910 W Michigan St , Wednesday from 4 to 5 PM , followed immediately by a brief service . All are welcome ( but it's not a big room ) . 
asks that those unable to attend pick up a copy of today's < PROPMALE > Sentinel . A few facts were garbled but I'm happy overall . 
ran up a very large phone < PROPMALE > during the recent crisis . Please just email me . 
returns to work . Hooray ? 
hopes it all works out . 
is savoring the flavor of a fallen comrade . 
has initiated Operation Roach Holocaust . 
really ought to get on a plane to WV and kick some ass , except that it would betray everything his mother taught him . Damn it . 
would like you to know that Starbucks instant really isn't that bad . 
is suffering precisely as much as he can handle , which is rather annoying but I suppose it beats the other options . Aum Shiva . 
still hasn't fixed his phone ... would whoever sent the text messages a little bit ago please email or message me here ? I can't read them , all I can tell is that they are lengthy . 
is being annoyed by cats . 
wants to want to sleep . 
is downloading Windows 7 and reading his Linux book . Thus , the Tao . 
... it's Magic time ! 
wants to know how/why all the Firefox add-ons are broken . Life without AdBlock Plus sucks . 
wishes all you people with birthdays around now happy ones . Too ... many ... of ... you . 
is trying to maintain his faith in humanity . Transcendence anyone ? 
found out from Mikey that Sprenkle is doing three years for distro . If this makes no sense to you , move on ... and stay out of trouble . 
is sick and tired of being sick and tired . 
: aum . 
would like to inform the young generation of this one simple fact : REAL VAMPIRES DO NOT < PROPFEMALE > . That is all . 
thanks Vanya and Sly & the Family Stone for seeing him through . 
wasted five minutes of life via The Truth : Revealed . 
is all updatin ' and securitizin ' and such . 
is on his way in to work ! 
enjoyed his corporate shindig . 
hasn't a clue how to properly utilize a day off . Oh yes , dishes . Damn . 
had some of his faltering faith in humanity restored today and hopes it lasts just a touch longer than usual . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Fox sucks . 
Worst . Christmas . Ever . ( My thanks to family and friends for the bits that didn't suck . I am grateful for those blessings ) . 
is glad Vanya is starting to feel better . 
All these worlds are yours except Europa . 
wants it to hurry up and snow ... or switch back to light jacket weather , either or . 
has reduced it to a word : compassion . 
misses days off . 
needs to check in more often . 
did his taxes . Woo . 
has a moment to himself finally . Let the procrastination begin ... later . 
We're the famous Man United and we won at Wemberly ... 
needs a sedative . 
soft < PROPFEMALE > light from a < PROPFEMALE > spark 
hopes to procure a Three Vinegar Tasters scroll . 
After 12 hours in a mall , I have to ask : when did \plumber's crack\ " become the height of fashion ? " 
wonders why he and those he loves always seem to spend holidays at Florida Hospital . :-/ 
has been stressed since KRS said \Shan is weak \"...." 
12 hours , two locations , and still working ... 
VOTE ALREADY ! 
:-) 
OFFSIDE ! 
is going to get ready for work as slowly as possible . 
would like to push the Earth slightly farther away from the Sun . 
Too many of you **** ers have birthdays today . So if you read my nonsense , hope you had a happy one . Except the **** er that ripped me off . 
is mad as hell and hopes the police find the bastard(s ) . 
wants his cat to come home . 
refuses to let some scumbag who preys on decent working people ruin his life ... but easier said than done . Come on , OPD , don't let me down . 
would like to apologize to anyone who received spam email from him . Apparently the thieves fancy themselves hackers as well . 
Bloody Tories 
Today is not yesterday . Woo , yay , go Magic . 
is at a loss for words . One day at a time , sweet Jesus . 
would like to thank the Brown clan for their wonderful gift . 
Here we go again . :-( 
Thanks to all for the words of encouragement . I've got a few opportunities inside the company so I am hopeful ... not out of the woods by any stretch , but hopeful . Going to the eye doctor tomorrow in case the worst happens and we lose insurance . 
is playing the waiting game . 
One rejection down , another to go ? 
is pleased to report that his commute is about to suck ... but at least there still is one . 
The only thing I miss about MySpace is the ability to have an animated profile photo . 
The Square . I'm not there . 
Thank you , Mr. Strier , for keeping me from complete collapse . May you and yours be well and/or get well soon . 
had a good day at work . Hallelujah . 
has had a red , white , and blue day . 
Moving day . Ugh . 
has way too much to do tomorrow , but little heavy lifting . 
is settling in . 
They can't hurt me , mom , but oh how they try . The fight goes on . For you . For them . 
thinks the word is \outpouring\ " . Thank you . " 
gets by with a little help from my friends . You are all awesome and most of you get to go to Heaven . 
has been impossibly busy . 
Dear Universe , putting a grand into the car was not part of the program as I had envisioned it , but thank you nonetheless for avoiding the \tragic accident\ " plot twist . " 
Happy Birthday as appropriate , awesome people . 
Encounter - College Park : Mom's house strikes again ! Lose 1 Sanity and 2 Stamina . 
Another six day week . Hooray ? 
Now the hard work begins . 
Sorry I'm not here , friends . Hectic is an appropriate word . 
finally got around to posting those reviews on Amazon . Now back to work . 
Curse you rain ! That grass wanted to be cut ! 
Rain , I love you , but I have things I MUST do . Work with me here . 
Here's to getting out of the house and a one-day weekend . Now back to the grind for five or six days , too tired to remember .... 
Today is 42 in binary . That must mean SOMETHING . 
Headache caused by too many screens . Should be cleaning . 
Happy birthdays all around . 
Get well soon , Vanya . I love you even if you did give me this bloody cold . 
Time to hold my nose and vote ... 
It appears that Florida has joined the Confederacy . 
Nothing quite like going to work sick . Joy . 
Working too much ... thank heaven for skilled labor willing to work relatively cheap . 
Happy Birthday Mom . Miss you . 
Gobble gobble and all that . 
Happy birthday all y'all birthday people . Happy un-birthday otherwise . 
Home at last . 
is very , very proud of Vanya . Just waiting for those grades now . 
Happy everything , y'all . 
If they offer you Thai hot , and you're not from Thailand , say no . 
Damn cold , mumble grumble ... 
would be at the Highland Games if we weren't ill . Bollocks . 
Some racist m***********s up in my friend's list . Delete , delete , delete . \ 
\ 
( If you can read this , it wasn't you . And I thank you . ) 
is bloody well exhausted 
Apparently the President thinks I'm Chinese ... just got a New Year's card in the mail today . 
Fergie's Red Army , clap clap clap ... 
eugenic = autospamming crapware . Sorry all . 
Quit smoking . Maybe this time I won't fail ... picturing mom on oxygen isn't exactly pleasant but I'm hoping it will help . 
United ! < clap clap clap > 
is getting fatter but breathing better . 
Anybody know what's going on with Sprint in Altamonte Springs ? My phone's not worked for days ( and it isn't just me ) . 
< PROPFIRST > Nissen and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Nissen : really sorry , far too hostile to be social today ... not at all your fault 
Just got back from anniversary excursions ... to find a broken air conditioner . :-/ 
Right , time to watch Will and < PROPFEMALE > plus State . 
The bad news : Vanya has pneumonia . The good news : the scary stuff was just a reaction to the breathing treatment ... ER highly unlikely . 
GOOOOOAAAAAAL ! 
To all those who have lost , I wish you a happy Sunday . They live on in our memories , our hearts , and our actions . 
