i'm back 

Transformed ... 
I Got Soul , But I'm Not A Soldier ... 
1 ... 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is so misunderstood ... 
The past just roundhouse kicked me in the face ... 
My glasses exploded ... 
Last Dance with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , one more time to kill the pain . I feel summer creepin ' in and I'm tired of this town again ... 
I was talkin ' with a friend of mine , said a woman had hurt his pride . Told him that she loved him so , then turned around and let him go . He said you'd better watch your step , or you're gonna get hurt yourself . Someone's gonna tell you lies , and cut you do 
Some days are diamonds , some days are rocks . Some doors are open , some roads are blocked . And sundowns are < PROPFEMALE > , then fade away . And if I never do nothin ' , I'm comin ' back some day . Cuz ' you've got a heart so big that it could crush this town . And I can 
Check out the Video on my profile man . 
Tired of the world man ... 
The Guilty undertaker sighs . The lonesome organ grinder cries . The silver saxaphones say I should refuse you . The cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn , but it's not that way . I wasn't born to lose you . I want you . I want you . I 
They'll stone you when you're tryin to be so good . They'll stone you just like they said they would . They'll stone you when you're tryin to go home . They'll stone you when you're there all alone . But I would not feel so all alone , Everybody must get stone 
Standing on the water , casting your bread . While the eyes of the idol with the iron head are glowing . Distant ships sailing into the mist . You were born with a snake in both of your fists , while a hurricane was blowing . Freedom just around the corner for 
Leg pain returns as does the cold ... 
A Day Without Sunshine Is Like Night ... On The Other Hand You Have Different Fingers ... If You Think Nobody Cares Try Missing a Few House Payments ... So What Is The Speed Of Dark ... Light Travels Faster Than sound , That's Why Some People Appear Bright Until You Hear Them Speak ... 42.7% Percent Of All Statistics Are Made Up On The Spot ... 
The guilty undertaker sighs . The lonesome organ grinder cries . The silver saxophones say I should refuse you . Those cracked bells and washed-out horns blow into my face with scorn , but it's not that way . I wasn't born to lose you . I want you . I want you . I want you , so bad . < PROPFEMALE > , I want you ... - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Now your dancing child with his Chinese suit he spoke to me , I took his flute . No , I wasn't very cute to him , was I ? But I did it because he lied because he took you for a ride . And because time was on his side . And because I want you , I want you , I want you so bad . < PROPFEMALE > , I want you ... - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Who am I ? 
Got my permit , second try ... 
Where am I ? 
If life gives you lemons , squirt ignorant people in the eyes ... 
Ten days until my birthday .. 
Watched a tornado touch down right in front of my eyes a mile outta West union towards Hawkeye .. Never again man .. 
7 days until my birthday .. 
Back from Hawkeye , time for rest ... then goin back next week ! 6 days until my birthday .. 
God , I hate cops .. One was hiding behind the trees up at the high school today , and you couldn't see him until you already passed him man . That should be illegal man ! 5 days until my birthday .. 
If man could be crossed with the cat it would improve the man , but it would deteriorate the cat ... 
. Johnnys in the basement Mixin up the medicine Im on the pavement Thinkin about the government The man in the trench coat Badge out laid off Says he got a bad cough Wants to get it paid off Look out kid somethin you did God knows when But youll do it again You better duck down the alley way Lookin for a new friend The man in the coonskin cap In the big pen Wants eleven dollar bills You only got ten 
Better jump down a manhole , light yourself a candle . Don't wear sandals , try to avoid the scandals . Don't wanna be a bum , you better chew gum . The pump don't work because the vandals took the handles ... 
Nobody feels any pain , tonight as I stand inside the rain . Everybody knows , that baby's got new clothes , but lately I see her ribbons and her bows have fallen from her curls . She takes just like a woman , yes , she does . She makes love just like a woman . And she aches just like a woman , but she breaks just like a little girl .. 
Darkness at the break of noon shadows even the silver spoon . The handmade blade , the child's balloon eclipses both the sun and < PROPFEMALE > . To understand , you know too soon there is no sense in trying . Pointed threats , they bluff with scorn . Suicide remarks are torn from the fool's gold mouthpiece . The hollow horn plays wasted words proved to warn that he's not busy being born , he's busy dying ... 
Catch the headchange .. 
What if God smoked cannabis ? Do you suppose He had a buzz when He made the platypus ? When He created Earth , our home ? Does He like < PROPFEMALE > Jam or The Stones ? And do you think He rolls His own ? Up there , in Heaven , on His throne ? 
Dammit ! Broke my last High E string on my guitar !!! Anyone got a spare ? Haha .. No , seriously , gimme ur strings ! 
.. < PROPFEMALE > is dandy , but liquor is quicker ! 
Hey , Mr. Tambourine man , play a song for me ? I'm not sleepy and there is no place I'm going to .. 
Thinking of a time ... 
Who did i talk to between 10A . M . -6 P.M. ? on facebook 
Haha .. 
< PROPFEMALE > , oh , < PROPFEMALE > , you mystical child . What drives me to you is what drives me insane . I still can remember the way that you smiled on the fifth day of May in the drizzlin ' rain ! 
The trashman came to pick it up as I poured some coffee in my cup , for the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and the three musketeers drank their cigarettes and smoked their beers while testimonies are muttered in my ear about the devil and the dames that she fears ... 
\I GOTS THE OLE ' WINGDINGER IN A BLE-HEN-DAH !!! \ " -Duck Latham " 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!! I DON'T HAVE ENOUGH CASH FOR A KISS CONCERT TICKET !!!!! I'm gonna die ... 
I'm Just another heart in need of rescue , waitin ' on love's sweet < PROPFEMALE > . And I'm gonna hold on for the rest of my days , ' cause I know what it means to walk along the lonely street of dreams . Here I go again on my own . Goin down the only road I've ever known . Like a drifter , I was born to walk alone . And I've made up my mind , I aint wastin ' no more time ... 
Dad's 40th today ... can't talk to him though , stupid bitches ... 
I dreamed you , I saw your face .. Across my lifeline , I went floating through space .. And I saw an angel , I saw my fate .. I can only thank God that it was not too late ... 
Selling an Epiphone < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Special II electric guitar ( black ) , $120.00 , $170.00 with amp and chord . First come , first serve . 
Cirque du Freak ... 
I need kidnapped again .. 
You know that I could use somebody .. 
JIBOWA DAY !!! 
You were born with a snake in both of your fists while a hurricane was blowin ' ... 
The ghost of electricity howls in the bones of her face .. 
All the truth in the world adds up to one big lie . 
All this talk about equality . The only thing people really have in common is that they are all going to die . 
Being noticed can be a burden . Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed . So I disappear a lot . 
He not busy being born is busy dying . 
Being noticed can be a burden . Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed . So I disappear a lot .. 
The guilty undertaker sighs . The lonesome organ grinder cries . The silver saxophones say I should refuse you . Through cracked bells and washed-out horns , they blow into my face with scorn , but it's not that way . I wasn't born to lose you . I want you . I want you . I want you , so bad . < PROPFEMALE > , I want you . 
Gotta be brave , face whatever consequences come my way .. 
Up in smoke .. 
Oh , my name , it means nothin ' . My age , it means less . The country I come from is called the Midwest . I was brought up and taught there , the laws to abide . And the land that I live in has God on her side .. 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS .. You can ask me any question ( only in my INBOX ) .. Any question , no matter how personal , sinister , crazy , or wrong it is . There is no ulterior motive , you have my full HONESTY . But I dare you to put this text as your status and see what questions you get ! what ? 
Not gonna lie , I miss some people right now .. 
Peaches in the summer-time , apples in the fall . If I can't have the girl I love , I don't want none at all . Shady grove , my little love . Shady grove , i say . Shady grove , my little love . She's bound to blow away .. - < PROPFIRST > Garcia , < PROPFIRST > Grisman , Mudcrutch , Doc Watson 
I'm Tangled up in Blue .. 
Why am I up this early on a snow day ? Didn't sleep much last night .. 
I lit out from Reno . I was trailed by twenty hounds . Didn't get to sleep that night until the morning came around . Set out runnin ' , but I take my time . Friend of the devil is a friend of mine . If I get home before daylight , just might get some sleep tonight .. - < PROPFIRST > Garcia 
I love the fact that I hate everyone equally now .. 
Fun night last night . I think I got alot of people to hate me before I left her house . Well , that's what I'm like when I see the stupid ways that people act , and if they can bite back and forth I'll go full out and burn the place down . Little kids and their drama bullshit .. I love it 
ATTENTION ALCOHOLICS : According to someone who saw me drinking a yellow gatorade , it smells like alcohol and can get you drunk enough to be an asshole to everyone . WRONG ! I'm always an asshole , and it was just yellow gatorade , so stop sayin shit . You're a dumb broad . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is a genius . 
It's Dr. Gramps to you man .. 
Bah Humbug .. 
Mornin ' Everybody 
Yesterday .....? Fill me in . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas world .. Have a great one .. 
One of my best friends locked up for christmas .. Sweet man .. Have a good one Hundy .. ( Give em hell ;) lol ) 
You're all gone .. 
Selling Guitar . Epiphone < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Special II . Black . Amp may be included . Inbox me for prices . 
< PROPFEMALE > in the sky with diamonds .. 
Institutionalized .. 
[) /-\\ \\/ € 
You ruin my life ; make me lose mental stability , lose one of my best friends , and lose one of the closest people to me ever . All I have gained is hatred .. 
Imagine all the people ... 
Can the devil tie his own laces of his shoes ? 
I'm a bootleg flyer , and I work alone .. 
< PROPFIRST>'s court hearing today at 2:00 . I'm going , so inbox me if you wanna know how it went .. Cross your fingers ... 
I'm a bootleg flyer , and I work alone .. I'm a radar hider , turn your head and I'm gone .. 
I hate all of you .. 
I miss ya bro .. 
Picture yourself on a boat on a river ... With tangerine trees and marmalade skies ... 
Go away from my window , leave at your own chosen speed . I'm not the one you want , babe , I'm not the one you need . You say you're lookin ' for someone never weak , but always strong , to protect you and defend you whether you are right or wrong . Someone to open each and every door , but it ain't me , babe . No , no , no , it ain't me , babe , it ain't me you're lookin ' for , babe .. 
He understands your orphan with his gun .. 
in the hospital .. 
hospital ... so ... boring ... whole body hurts ... 
Out of the hospital .. Home .. Hoping docs let me go back to school tomorrow .. No , scratch that . I AM going back to school tomorrow .. Its just surgery , why should I have to stay home for a week ? 
I AINT ' GONNA WORK ON MAGGIE'S FARM NO MORE !!! 
This music crept by me upon the waters , allaying both their fury and my passion . With it's sweet air ... 
Sittin home , playin guitar ... ALL DAY ... One word : Paradise .. 
The day the music died .. 
When the Jester sang for the < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , in a coat he borrowed from < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . And a voice that came from you and me , oh , and while the < PROPMALE > was loo < PROPMALE > down , the jester stole his thorny crown . The courtroom was adjourned ; no verdict was returned . And while Lennon read a book of < PROPFEMALE > , the quartet practiced in the park , and we sang dirges in the dark the day the music died .. 
Oh , the players tried to take the field , the marching band refused to yield . Do you recall the way it feels the day the music died .. 
Peanut Butter Penguins dipped in Peanut Butter for Breakfast ? Yum . 
It's all over now , Baby Blue .. 
Yeah , I am a loser at the top of my game . I should have known to keep an eye on you . Now I got a God , it ain't never the same . Yeah , I got a dream that don't ever come true . I don't scare easy , don't fall apart when I'm under the gun . You can break my heart , but I ain't gonna run . I don't scare easy for no one .. 
None for me , thank you .. 
< PROPFIRST>'s hair is now officially CUT .. 
So if I come to your door , let me sleep on your floor . I'll give you all I have and a little more .. 
\Boston\ " < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE >.." 
Out of pain killers ... I'm gonna die ... #19225 -004 
#19225 -004 .. 
It's Doppelgänger week .. during this week please change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like ... be sure to post this as your status .. 
wow , haven't been on in a long time man .. 
Momma talkin ' to me , try n ' tell me how to live , but I don't listen to her cause my head is like a sivv .. 
Don't worry about a thing , cause every little thing is gonna be alright now .. 
Made breakfast for the kids . Fried potatoes , scrambled eggs , sausage , and toast , yum .. time for a pretty boring Sunday .. 
The ghost of electricity howls in the bones of her face .. / 
The empty-handed painter from the streets , is drawing crazy patterns on your sheets . The sky , too , is folding over you . And it's all over now , Baby Blue .. 
Yonder stands your orphan with his gun .. 
Fuck the dumb shit .. If I had twenty more minutes .. 
My patron saint is a-fighting with a ghost . He's always off somewhere when I need him most . The Spanish < PROPFEMALE > is rising on the hill , but something's telling me , I love you still . So one more time at midnight near the wall . Take off your heavy makeup and your shawl . Won't you descend from the throne from whence you sit and let me feel your love one more time , before I finally abandon it .. 
You've sure got alot of gall , and to be so useless and all . Muttering small talk at the wall while I'm in the hall .. The ghost of electricty howls in the bones of her face , and these visions of < PROPFEMALE > have now taken my place .... 
... Shampoo or tooth paste .. 
I don't believe you .. You're a lair ... 
What the fuck .. I'm never sleeping again ... 
I have to admit , I felt a little uneasy when she bent down to tie the laces of my shoes . Tangled up in blue .. 
You used to ride a chrome horse with your diplomat . He carried on his shoulder a Siamese cat . ' Aint it hard when you discover that he really wasn't where it's at after he took from you everything he could steal . How does it feel ? How does it feel ? To be on your own , with no direction home . Like a complete unknown , like a rolling stone .. 
Yonder stands your orphan with his gun ... 
Jewels and binoculars < PROPFEMALE > from the head of the mule .. 
Even < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > had the highway blues , you can tell by the way that she smiles .. 
She never did like Mamma's homeade dress , Pappa's bankbook wasn't big enough .. 
Forget the dead you've left , they will not follow you .. 
The death of < PROPMALE > Till .. 
Come away from my window , leave at your own chosen speed . I'm not the one you want , babe . I'm not the one you need . You say you're lookin ' for someone never weak , but always strong . Someone to pick your flowers for you whether you are right or you are wrong . Someone to open each and every door , but it ' aint me , babe . No , no , no it ' aint me , babe , it ' aint me you're lookin for , babe .. 
In the empty lot where the ladies play , blind men bluff with their keychains .. 
I didn't attend the funeral , but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it .. 
