is impatient and I don't know why ... 

remembers the Alamo ... 
feels like a dork because she figured out how to change the color scheme on Blackboard and is BEYOND excited about it ! 
is watching Bend It Like Beckham 
is leaving for Utah on Thursday 
wants her connector cable to her camera and really wishes things were different 
my water palace is on fire ! 
funeral at 1 on Saturday :( 
is finally back from a long road trip ! 
ran a mile in 9:54 ! 
isn't feeling extraordinarily well at the moment :( 
how can ET be Italian ? He's from outer space ! 
Should really do her homework ... 
Wants this cloud over my head to go away ! 
\I really hate her tests ! Her multiple choice questions are like being plopped in the middle of a giant pizza and being told to eat it . Where do you start if you can't even see the edge !?! \"" 
appearantly I have charming poop .... Thanks Tiki . 
has been unofficially accepted into the Australia Study abroad program :D 
I have a jar of di-irt ! I have a jar of di-irt ! I have a jar of di-irt ! And guess what's inside it ! 
is still trying to get the eyeliner off .... 
But why is the eyeliner gone ??? 
can't believe how expensive this is getting ... 
thinks that Photoshop is the devil ! 
the vector tool VEXES me ! 
has found the meaning of life ! And it is neon beads ! 
appearantly I get bonus lesbian points ! Hurrah for me ! 
ready for break ! 
has no motivation to do this paper ... anyone want to do it for me ???? 
hates olio at the moment . 
is very soar and tired 
why do visas have to be so difficult ? 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
I have a memory that is at a -2 at the moment ! Meaning that as soon as you tell me a string of things , I will automatically forget two of them ! 
I am a goosen by a moosen ! 
Got her Macbook Pro today :D 
applied for her visa ... FINALLY !!!!!!!!!! 
baked chocolate . Oh those simple joys never get old ! :) 
My old roomie is looking for a roommate , anyone interested or know someone who is looking for a place to live in Moscow ? Please let me know ! 
Getting tired of everything .... can I just be there already ? 
is hungry ... maybe I should get some food 
My blog abroad : asdriver.wordpress.com 
if you take soy sauce and turn it to cheese , you get vegemite ! It's a true story ... < PROPMALE > agrees ! 
New blog ! 
Come to Australia ! You might accidentally get killed ! 
Trial 53 : SUCCESS !!!!! Wipe-out was inevitable at the end , but I stood up for 3 seconds ! YEAH ! 
Fails to understand why she can get into her facebook , blackboard , and everything else EXCEPT her email ... why is that ? I don't think it is just the operator in this case ! 
Is starting to see a pattern with her computer ... I can now login to my email , but now I can't log-in to my blackboard account to do homework . It's like they're trying to conspire against my learning ! 
Finds it amusing that facebook will upload photo's , but it is very particular about which one's it uploads and then zooms in on random one's ... most of which are people I'm not sure who they are ! 
OH ! I'm going to see \Alice in Wonderland\ " tonight on the world's LARGEST IMAX !!! Did I mention it was going to be in 3D as well :D " 
off to learn about Public < PROPMALE > practices ! 
is thinking that perhaps today she should be productive ! 
loves finding joy in the small things in life :D 
is on her way to the beach ! Boo-yah ! :D 
funny thing , went to the beach , and it DUMPED rain on us ! The ocean view was beautiful ... 
Melbourne and Tasmania .... 
Turkish Delight . Not so delightful , sadly ... 
was told yesterday that she had a thick American accent :) 
does not feel like she's on a different < PROPFEMALE > , she feels like she's in a completely different book ! 
is riding the high after having an INCREDIBLE day in < PROPMALE > National Park ! A-mazing ! :D 
haiku about my trip on Saturday : Barefoot beach running ; Tranquility has been met ; Soothing , peaceful , bliss . 
has a very clean kitchen ! :D 
fellowship with friends , eating DELICIOUS Mexican food , and ending the night with an amazing production/play of sorts makes for a very happy camper ! Hope all of you had a day that was as good as mine ! :D 
New Zealand booked for break ! :D 
literally , fell asleep while she was doing her homework . Appearently I was more tired than I realized ... 
has her confirmations set for New Zealand ! :) 
Leaving for New Zealand ! Everyone have a safe Easter Week ! Stay out of trouble and make good choices ! 
went to New Zealand , CONQUERED Franz < PROPMALE > Glacier , went to < PROPMALE > Sound , and enjoyed the Botanical Gardens of Christchurch ! But still has not done a bungy ... guess that means I'm gonna have to go back to take care of that unfinished business ! ;) 
Has found a way to scramble bread ! 
Anyone up for no homework or projects ? 
* sigh * should start her paper ... I guess .... 
has pink sheets ! 
is off to the Bluies for the weekend ! :D 
had the best weekend < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
has a new philosophy on life : bite off more than you can chew and then chew as fast as you can ! 
is going to Canberra for the weekend ! :D 
has a new purpose in life , and that is ( in order ): petrol , headlights , U-turns , and sandwhich disposal . Thank your < PROPFEMALE > Tallon for a MARVELOUS weekend in Canberra ! 
Mmm ... fresh baked cookies ! Or should I say \biscuits\ " to you Aussie's ? " 
does not understand why it is so cold right now ! 
misses a friend so dear . RIP < PROPMALE > Harder <3 
mmm ... banana bread ! 
just got a care package from her parents <3 
THUNDER !!! I heard THUNDER !!!! I saw LIGHTNING !!!! So exciting :D 
is loving that the main Google < PROPFEMALE > logo is an interactive PacMan game ! 
Hmmm .... considering I only have about 34 days left in Australia , what should one do in that time ... 
Pancakes on the Rocks+2 glasses of beer+time with Jihang+working on presentation that was only worked on for about 36 hours = one deadly day and a half ! 
I love spending time with my friends in Oz ! :D 
doesn't want to do her paper anymore ... or any other homework for that matter 
too ... much ... sugar ... 
This could be fun : How many of us really know \ 
all of the people on our friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all \ 
of the people on my list to post how you met me . After you have \ 
completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at \ 
how interesting this can really be 
keep < PROPFEMALE>'s family in your thoughts as they mourn their loss . I will miss you friend <3 
is officially a free woman ! No more assignments ! WOOT ! :D 
Is heading off to Newcastle for the weekend with two very hip people :) 
had a great weekend in Newcastle and is still VERY stuffed from all the wonderful food she ate ALL weekend ! Not to mention some very delicious wine ! :) 
woke up with a soar throat and is coughing ... I AM NOT GETTING SICK , I SAY !!!!! I REFUSE !!!! 
leaving for Uluru/Alice Springs/Horbart/Melbourne tomorrow ! Heck yes ! 
is back from her whirl wind adventure and is extrodinarily exhausted in the most amazing way possible :D 
thinks it is so strange to think that she will be leaving in about 24 hours ... REALLY strange . 
I HATE PACKING !!!!! Why must it be so tedious ??? 
people drive on the opposite side , the plug-ins are all wrong , a small drink is bigger than a large in Oz , I can't read most of the stuff on the ingredients list on food labels , AND there are Mexican restaurants everywhere !!!!! Can anyone guess where I am ? :) 
even though I have been here a week , the money STILL looks fake to me ! It even feels like I could print it out myself 
will be gone for a couple of weeks visiting my brother in Kansas City , MO and then off to the bayou to visit my mom's side in Lousiana ! More likely won't have internet access , so just leave a message :) 
\I think I'll step outside for a bit . \"- Maw-Maw\ 
if there is such a thing as a gag reflex in your nose , I think I may have found it ! 
just ordered her first pair of Vibram's! :D 
is super annoyed with taxes ! What is the point and why must they be done ??!! 
can't remember the last time she had Kool Aid , doesn't remember it tasting THIS good ... 
, and family , is finding it more and more difficult to keep the g-ma entertained ! 
want to know if anyone reading this borrowed her Psychology of Religion book last fall . If so , SHE NEEDS IT BACK ASAP !!!! Or if anyone has any idea where it might be seeing as she completely tore apart her room trying to find it ... 
I . Hate . Moving . >.< 
cookie dough , curly fries , popcorn chicken , and watching Dharma and < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > Hogan makes for an evening of amazingness and belly aches ... is it worth it ? YES ! 
does roto-rooter do emergency calls this late ? I need someone to help my flush out my system of the cookie dough and popcorn chicken kind .... 
\you will know true believers by how they love each other . \ " Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for the reminder <3 " 
First day of school ! First day of school ! First day of school ! 
Feels as though she has a rather complex/intense jungle gym in her mouth 
head is swimming ... 
just took her first belly dancing class and her hips are SOAR !!!! 
needs to stop eating so much junk food ! This sort of behavior is not aloud ! 
Why would someone assign a presentation for the first week of class ? 
ZUMBA !!!!!!! :D 
all work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a very dull girl 
is going to a wedding tomorrow ! :D 
Made it back from the wedding and LOVES talking to friends from Oz !!! Thank you for reminding me of the many lessons I learned .... and continue to learn ! <3 
this time for Africa 
Is thinking about applying to the JET program . Thoughts ? 
is there anyone available at all tomorrow ? I will be moving into my new place and would not mind a little help . I would need to make a few trips down to Lewiston ( because most of my stuff is down there ) , and would need help carrying the larger stuff because I am not a mini hulk ! Any takers ? :) 
moved in ! Now , about the whole putting things away bit ... I think I will have a beer first :) 
just watched Crocodile Dundee ... it was one of the most awker experiences/moments of my life !!!!!! 
thanks God giving me life in Him . I pray that I never settle for a life of monotony , but rather a life filled with as much adventure as I have experienced in my short time on earth , to always have loved ones near , listen to what He wants me to do in life , and to be willing to follow where sent <3 
is making peanut butter fudge with a chocolate ganache\ 
\ 
:) 
I'm pretty sure I lost my triceps and quads today .... 
is having an off day . Could someone tell me why I ate so many cookies ??? 
is thinking about her BFA thesis . What do you peeps think about taking our personal myths ( Romance , comedy , tragedy , and irony ) and transpose them into landscapes . Thoughts ? 
feels like she is harboring the angst of 10 teenagers 
doesn't want to take her test ... or go to class . Any takers ? 
enjoyed a very lovely skype date with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > tonight ! You can always make my day brighter with your easy smile and genuine self ! Miss you friend <3 
Is making a < PROPFIRST > cake from a CWA cookbook that two lovely Ozzies gave me ! Then it is time to do homework , with a side of espresso brownies later tonight :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Hogan , your impression of a dying walrus makes me happy ! 
is motivated to paint !!!!! Yay for bright colors :D 
too much thesis is bad for the brain . Bedtime ! 
almost done with thesis ! Last bits of proof-reading , then all that is left is the discussion and conclusion ! I might even put in an Abstract ... depends on how ambitious I feel :P 
never trust a Klingon ! 
made three stretchers today ! I <3 power tools ! 
How DO you package love if you are to send it off in a package ... 
loves a good spiritual healing service <3 
SO GLAD the presentation is over !!! 
\I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I have just \ 
needs to pick herself back up again and figure out just what and where her passions are ... 
sending much love to the man who baptized me as a baby , confirmed me in the church , and taught me much about life and faith . May you rest in peace Pastor Manfred Berndt <3 
is deeply annoyed with the way people drive around here AND has lost her phone thanks to one of them as well ... grr 
say \No ! \ " to hate ! " 
Finally figured out how to access her Facebook with her new phone ! WOOT ! 
could NEVER go vegan .... ever . 
is amused that after taking an interest inventory test , the first result after asking for a job that is intellectually stimulating , requires creativity , and certification is a bus driver ! 
They say everlasting friends can go long \ 
periods of time without speaking - and never question the friendship . \ 
These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , \ 
regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live . They \ 
understand that life is busy but you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if \ 
you have at least one of these friends - you know who you are 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . Myfirst memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname . 8 . Challenge ... you to post this ... 
Has made beef saag successfully with basmati rice ( and miraculously it did NOT burn) ! Oh , how I have missed Indian food .... 
is about a night on the town with < PROPFEMALE > Womack and < PROPFEMALE > Wright ! Woot ! 
poo poo ! 
Is leaving tomorrow to go to her brothers wedding ! :D 
Got stopped by security in the airport . Who knew < PROPFIRST > pins were such a threat . 
can someone help me ? I seem to have misplaced my motivation . 
This has got to be some of the CRAZIEST weather I have experienced in a LONG TIME !!!!! Thunder , lightning , AND my power went out . Good thing it's bed time XD 
Why so cold !??!? 
< PROPMALE > Potter ! < PROPMALE > Potter !! < PROPMALE > POTTER !!!!!! Get excited ! XD 
Just finished baking a cranberry cheesecake :D 
Dear snow , \ 
Go away . You are cold . 
This year I am thankful for family and the friends I have made throughout the last year , and years passed , and for the growth I have felt and experienced through those friendships ! I love each and everyone of you ! Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!!! <3 
I expand in my solid state . Thank you my dear Napoleon ! :D 
Oh my dear yak-tracks ... where did you run off to ? 
Has turned in her graduating seniors paperwork ! WOOT !!!! :D 
feels so loved and beyond thankful for all the birthday wishes she has recieved today ! I don't think I have ever been wished as many warm and loving birthday wishes in one year ! I am truly thankful for each and everyone of you ! Be blessed <3 
\Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way . \ " \ 
my blender refuses to go vegan ! That's why it decided to take up smoking . 
Is DONE with finals ! Get excited :D 
RAN a mile in LESS THAN 10 minutes !!!! WOOT !!! 
Is making homemade baklava ! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! Eat well , play hard , love those near you , and spread the joy of the season to everyone . :D love you all ! 
Spatzle+ < PROPMALE > red cabbage+ sauerbraten with gravy+ spending time with mom+ not knowing what we're doing while making a < PROPMALE > feast+ delicious wine to soothe the frustration = a very successful homemade-from-scratch < PROPMALE > feast for my dad :D 
Nothing like homemade dark chocolate balsamic blackberry ice-cream :) 
Has two new kitties ! 
Izzy died:'( 
A guy walks into a bar , eats five nuts , and to his demise found a banana . The end . 
Loves making homemade baklava !!!!! :D 
Prayers for < PROPFIRST > , please ! 
ATTENTION PEOPLE OF MOSCOW OR SURROUNDING AREA : please keep your plastic bags from your grocery store trips . I need several of these for my thesis project and would greatly appreciate any and ALL that your can give me ! 
Is enjoying some AMAZING drinks with @ < PROPFEMALE > Mangan tonight :) 
Has , yet another , jungle gym in her mouth ! I think my orthodontist hates me .... 
\Sometimes I think we keep secrets for the wrong reasons . If we could instead find that right person to talk to we might find that talking about an embarrassing story or admitting our frailty might lead to a more authentic relationship with others or ourselves . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
JUST FOUND TIMTAMS !!!!!!! Granted they aren't the dark chocolate variety , but I can at least enjoy good ol ' familiar biscuit goodness :) 
It's great spending time with old high school friends !!! Let's watch ' Bulrlesue ' and drink the night away :) 
Is making drunken brownies !!! I.e. They are brownies with < PROPFEMALE > cream XD 
Is beyond words EXCITED for her BFA Thesis and her Body Image Peer Education and Outreach Internship !!!!!!! Yay for activism !!!!!!!! XD 
If anyone still has any plastic grocery-like bags they would like to give me , PLEASE CALL ME !!!! 
Could really go for a toasted vegemite , cheese and tomato sandwich right about now .... BUT WHY IS THE VEGEMITE GONE ???!?! 
Has just experienced the wonders of white bean coffee ! :) 
Hm , figures I'd injure myself during an important week -.- 
Are you aware that this week is Eating Disorder Awareness Week and Body Appreciation Week ? \ 
Of reported cases in < PROPFEMALE > , 1 million are Anorexic , 10 million are Bulimic , and 25 million are Binge-Eaters . Of these reported cases , 1 in 4 are men . 
Be sure to pick up the Argonaut tomorrow , March 1 ! My thesis project , with the bears , will be featured !!! XD 
Check out < PROPFEMALE > 3 of The Argonaut !!!!! I'm featured , picture and all XD 
Cruise Around the World = AMAZING !!!!!!!!!!! I ate WAAAAAAAAY too much food though . At least my belly is filled with delightful food from around the globe =D 
Xena : Warrior < PROPFEMALE > . Oh , yes :) 
Less than 48 hours ! Get excited XD 
Pumba described it best : slimy yet satisfying =D 
