Had a wonderful day hanging with good friends and eating awesome food ... let's hope all those black eyed peas pay off !! 

has decided to accept the inevitable ... but that is not the same as admitting defeat . 
Warped Tour was very enlightening . Going to spend a few days camping with good friends , good wine and good stories . Who could ask for more ? 
Home Sweet Home ... 
When grading papers , would it be easier to just give everyone a grade on volume or should I actually read for content ? JK :) 
It feels weird to have a lazy day ... I feel like I should be running at full speed ... Christmas shopping is almost done !! 
Shopping is almost done ... just have to get stocking stuffers .... whew , what a relief !! Now , just to sit back and enjoy ! 
Wants to wish everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! I hope everyone has a wonderful night and Christmas day :) 
Make sure the animals are all in folks ... it's gonna be a cold one ! 
Had a great time celebrating Madi's birthday !!! Thank you for letting us share your special day !! We love you so much and hope that all of your wishes come true this year !! 
Loves going to by best friend's house and getting fed ; both in body and soul :) 
Had a wonderful birthday and thanks everyone for the warm wishes . This teacher stuff rocks !! I get to meet so many wonderful people :) 
Getting ready for the birthday bash ... I just want her to have fun and enjoy turning another year older because as I now know ... that's only fun until you're 30 :) 
Overall , a very good weekend . Another year older , another wish made which I am told already came true . 9 years of beautiful and she only continues to grow more so every day =) 
Grading short responses and getting very nervous ... TAKS is only a week away ... keeping my fingers crossed . 
Making no plans what-so-ever for this week ... just hangin and chillin with the kids :) 
Had a great day hanging out in Marfa , TX with two of the best women to walk the planet ! A perfect remedy for refueling the soul :) 
32665 
So much Shakespeare ; so little time . This is my first year teaching < PROPMALE > Caesar and < PROPMALE > /Juliet right next to each other and now I am starting to have some creepy dreams ... Brutus goes on a killing rampage and < PROPMALE > saves Caesar right at the last minute . Would Shakespeare have approved ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s ballet recital is going to be fabulous ! Our La High girls , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > were perfect in every way . They were the two most beautiful girls on the stage ! Pictures will be posted soon :) 
Well , they were awesome !!! Every single one of them did a great job and they got a standing ovation . They worked so hard and it showed . What a great show !! :) 
You are going to be in town ? Let me guess ... in town and forgets to call Dawn ... wait , that happened last time . < PROPFEMALE > wouldn't let that happen again :) 
On the way to EPHS to say goodbye to a great educator and person ... We will miss him so much ! 
I can't believe that I am going to be a mom of a 16 year-old boy ... He gets more amazing every year ! I love you < PROPFIRST > and am looking forward to recounting your birth story for the 16th time on Wed . 
Had a great time hanging with the family ... Rach and < PROPFEMALE > , you know how to have a good time :) 
I like it on the front seat of the car . 
I hate being sick , over worked and under paid :( 
Waiting for the \lucky\ " coin flip . What a great game :) " 
Tigers had a great season ! Very proud of our boys :) 
Thanks so much everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes !!! I had a great day ! : * 
OMG ... another snow day off tomorrow . This is going to suck at the end of the year when they tack these days back on ... or they will do something like take away Memorial Day . ugghh . Although I wouldn't want to go back if they are having heating issues ... my room is cold enough as it is . 
busy getting everything ready for this weekend :) 
I want to wish my little < PROPFEMALE > a very Happy Birthday !!! They had a great time last night and even went to bed at a decent hour :) Thank you Auntie < PROPFEMALE > for all of your help ... couldn't have done it without you : * 
