now what ????? 

yes i got a fb 
itugjdnd , slsjgngooenbnsx bkvlsogmgodsna ; agnblnbasojgbnaldjbafbnslgb jsbg 
people are trying to kill off the wolfs . go to dfnd.us and stop the atrocity . save the wolfs 
Would you say am i absolutely mad or madly absolutely ? 
would you say that i am i absolutely mad or madly absolutely ? 
would you say that i am i absolutely mad or madly absolutely ? 
so bored 
bored tired shoulder hurts 
Veritas Aequitas if you don't know hat it means then you fail YOU LOSE !!!!!! 
Nihilistic mystics Apostolic alcoholics Messianic manics Cataclysmic and prolific In the age of super-boredom Hype and mediocrity Celebrate relentlessness Menace to society This is counterculture from the underground Eternal revolution this is our sound KMFDM better than the best Megalomanical and harder than the rest Refuse is our inspiration Terrorism our trade Sabotage and piracy Chaos our 
so i am going to get a tatto on my 21 birthday most likely on my right shoulder and one that i made . 
you are a save the day \i ; m a super hero\ " type of person .... i hate people like you " 
so i have a strained ligament in my right shoulder and i tore the lining as well :( 
is a one eyed one horned giant purple people eater 
pain with out love pain cant get enough 
has formspring ask me shit 
formspring . people should ask me shit 
bumed the fuck out 
ready to say fuck it 
out to eat be back soon 
You see me now , a veteranOf a thousand psychic warsI've been living on the edge so longWhere the winds of limbo roarAnd I'm young enough to look atAnd far too old to seeAll the scars are on the insideI'm not sure that there's anything left of me 
going to fuck my shoulder at the gym 
lets start a story ! everyone add whatever you want ! join it is going to be awesome : once upon a time there was ... 
Well a process man am I and I'm tellin ' you no lie I work and breathe among the fumes that tread across the sky There's thunder all around me and there's poison in the air There's a lousy smell that smacks of hell and dust all in me hair Well I've worked among the spitters and I breathe the oily smoke I've shovelled up the gypsum and it neigh ' on makes you choke 
you wanna _________ me ? 1 ) kiss 2 ) hug 3)hold 4 ) fuck 5 ) feel 6 ) marry 7 ) own 8 ) scare 9 ) love . answer below ! 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Sexy . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : F ... it . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beautiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart ass . 19 : The Best . 
kind of bumed out 
I GIVE UP FUCK IT 
happy HAPPY HAPPY * BIG STUPID SMILE ON FACE * 
oh wow it um shit what is called ...... EASTER yeah that .,..... ok then 
ready to kill everyone and everything . 
hoping against hope 
over the hills to battle we go . bleeding hearts like a burning sea . thoughts of you will see me through and safely back to you . though tears will be shed and prier fire will burn i will alwasy be next to you . 
Antiquis temporibus , nati tibi similes in rupibus ventosissimis exponebantur ad necem 
Respice post te , mortalem te esse memento 
Interdum feror cupidine partium magnarum europe vincendarum 
Caesar si viveret , ad remum dareris 
Not to care for philosophy is to be a true philospher . 
is not so sure about _ _ _ _ /_ _ _ _ _ _ anymore . :( 
pretty sure i just fucked up something 
my abilities are only limited by those who try to test them 
bored wants to do something 
so f'ing bored i want to do something to day get at me 
keep smiling it makes people wonder what you’ve been up to 
Empty cans make the most noise . 
