Heading to NTY starting 2010 off right with 2 wins 

Finally 18 !! PSU-Harrisburg all day 
Thanks everyone for the happy birthday wishes !! 
took a timeout now puttin the time in .. comin bac stronger than before 
malvern game tonight 
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same 
watching pursuit of happiness 
Coaching at camp til 1 
ill do whatever it takes to turn this around 
feeling like im in a competition wit the past 
busy day tomorrow coaching camp , interview , malvern game 
Take all that you have and turn it into what you were once missing 
you miss 100% of the shots you dont 
Hanging out then Malvern game 
mad at yourself cus you know you shouldnt be giving up 
bout to go run 
giving up doesnt always mean ur weak sometimes it means ur strong enough to let go 
Malvern game @ 9 15 
The hardest decision - walk away or try harder . Can't do something if your hearts not in it 
in every dark cloud there's a silver lining 
gettin ready to run then graduation party later 
chillin then interview at 4 
Graduation party at 3 on saturday at my house come through if u wana 
cookin and gettin ready for tomorrow .. Graduation party at 3 at my house .. Everyone come thru !! 
watching brown sugar then headin to bed 
So what's the difference between rap and hip hop ? It's simple . It's like sayin ' you love somebody and bein ' in love with somebody . Rap is only a word <3 Watching brown sugar 
getting everything ready party at 3 .. if u need directions or anything call 
getting ready then PSU bball party 
This field , this game , is a part of our past . It reminds us of all that once was good , and that could be again watching field of dreams <3 
The one constant through all the years has been the game and what its represented <3 
Lookin at life through my rearview , all the problems I had could be seen alot clearer after time had passed . Known for livin’ so fast , they wonder how you don’t crash . So I guess the moral of this here class is life about who make it now , not about wh 
guess it really is true in the end people always become what they swore they wouldnt , and they try to make you the person they can't be . 
When you're a kid , you see the life you want , and it never crosses your mind that it's not gonna turn out that way -watching Love & Basketball- 
if you never fall you wouldnt know what it takes to get back up and keep going 
Malvern game later 
sometimes when you dont know where to turn you have to turn to what you know 
Leaves for school in a month 
bout to go play ball then malvern game @ 9:15 
jus got bac from playing ball heading to a game .. wouldnt have it any other way 
I should be hoping but I can't stop thinking , All the things I should've said that I never said 
ball got cut short cus of thunder nd lightning .. packing for the beach 
sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are he same 
packing then going to play ball 
Packing for the beach 
Heading to OCMD til friday 
is on the beach <3 
jus got home from ocmd 
jus got done playing ball shower then out 
How do you let it go when you , you just dont know whats on the other side of the door when your walking out 
Got love for the game but not in love with all of it 
One day you're standin ' in the middle of the road , and you don't know where you're goin ' All of a sudden your whole life changed and life finally gives you somethin ' back 
watching ATL 
watching why did I get married 
is sayin damn sumtimes life just gets in the way 
All is fair in Love & Basketball <3 
gettin ready then goin to play ball 
Leaving in 13 days .. bittersweet but i'm excited <3 
heading to a cookout .. cells good 
wants to go play ball 
getting ready then playing ball 
guess i should really start packin huh ? haha 
getting ready heading out to dinner 
7 days til I leave .. Cant believe it 
4 days til I leave 
down to the last 3 days , goin out to lunch then mall cells good 
goin to play ball 
doin this summer reading i prolly should have done 2 months ago ha 
Last day before leavin for school .. Cant wait 
packing is the easy part . Saying bye to everyone not so much .. Leaving for school tomorrow 
Reading , early run tomorrow , then class 9-11 , 12-2 .. hit the cell 
2 classes down 2 to go 
Student-Athlete , student comes first .. for the first time in my life school comin before ball .. wow crazy haha 
took a break .. back at reading cells good 
Doubt can only be removed by action 
2 classes to go 
it feels so weird being home lol 
heading back to school tomorrow .. cant waitt .. reading cells good 
setback is a setup for a comeback 
is ready to go back to school 
is ready to take on week 2 
done til 12 
reading .. then bed .. tryna sleep this shit off 
9 30 < PROPMALE > history tomorrow .. didnt even st < PROPMALE > reading .. bout to get on it now hit the cell 
doesnt wana do this < PROPMALE > history paper 
Dont let your emotions over power your intelligence 
if I learned anything in the past 2 years its everything happens for a reason and your always where your supposed to be . If you dont have the right attitude your not gonna see it that way . stayin positive and coming willing to work EVERY day 
your mistakes don't define you , they don't dictate where your headed they remind you 
conditioning with the team at 6 then bball meeting at 7 
heading home for the weekend 
its not always about where you're at , but what direction your moving 
whole lot of schoolwork then family party .. hit the cell 
true wins have nothing to do with a scoreboard 
2 classes to go then conditioning at 6 
done for the day .. conditioning at 6 
if the solution has never been to look in yourself , how is it that you expect to find it anywhere else 
chillin then basketball party 
its not just the results , but the process . 
woww no comment 
goin to workout 
goin to watch open gym for a lil since i cant play .. bein sick suksss 
live everyday with a point to prove 
< PROPMALE > history jus keep gettin better and better .. wow talk bout too much time on ur hands 
When you breathe , you inhale and you exhale , but every single time that you do that you're a little bit different then the one before . We're always changing . And its important to know that there are some changes you can't control and that there are others you can . 
early workout .. then F&M for < PROPMALE > history .. lookin at a painting for an hour well see how this go ha 
is sayin no matter how hard the hit , staying positive and focused 
rough weekend .. gettin refocused and gettin this < PROPMALE > history paper out of the way 
-you can't control what isn't in your hands- .. can't control whats going on but i can control how i look at it . Staying positive no matter what 
I want things to go my way but as of lately alot of shit been going sideways 
everybody talks and everybody listen And somehow the truth just always comes up missing 
studying for american history test , student-athlete seminar then working out 
tired as hell .. studying , open gym , then back to studying 
done class .. working out then < PROPMALE > hstory notecards and visual analysis paper 
on pratice field running two-a-days so i dont drop the ball when its threw my way ... early workout , then home tommorrow night 
what is goin on in happy valley 
bout to knock out this english rough draft 
reading for american history and notecards for < PROPMALE > history then open gym 
woww < PROPMALE > history mid-term = 40 vocab words , 66 pictures w/ < PROPMALE > ist , materials , type , and year ... gonna be a goodtime studyin for this one 
workout then homework 
isnt too excited about waking up at 6 30 tomorrow 
reading then sneaker sale clean-up 
bout to be the roughest 9 am class of my life 
math midterm tomorrow .. art history midterm tues .. studyin 
workout then studyin < PROPMALE > history 
taking a break from studying .. open gym 
finally has everything memorized for < PROPMALE > history 
this is my life u decide yours 
to appreciate all the good sometimes you gotta fall 
dinner with fam then out .. cross country meet tomorrow 
dedication means going hard in an empty gym with no one watching 
cant remember last time i got up this early .. DeSales all day 
no way should reflection be mistaken for glorification 
finally that time of year again ... first practice today 
We cross our bridges when we come to them and burn them behind us , with nothing to show for our progress except a memory of the smell of smoke , and a presumption that once our eyes watered . 
There is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings . 
english paper , studying for psych then practice 6 to 8 
catching up on some homework then dig pink volleyball game and pool workout 
Ability may get you to the top , but it takes character to keep you there . 
practice 9 to 11 , F&M < PROPMALE > museum p < PROPMALE > 2 , then finally home 
lifes a teacher your gonna get tested 
phillies + studying for < PROPMALE > history = failed quiz tomorrow 
gotta love watching phillies and studying part 2 
You may not always end up where you thought you were going to , But you will always end up where you were meant to be . 
the things you dont anticipate have the biggest impact 
decided this < PROPMALE > hsitory paper might be the worst thing I've ever had to write 
hopefully phillies + < PROPMALE > history paper doesnt end up like phillies + studyin for < PROPMALE > history quiz did haha 
no more < PROPMALE > history papers !! 
watching penn state then getting ready for team pasta dinner !! scrimmage tomorrow <3 
scrimmage today at lycoming 
research paper then practice 
there is only one way to be successful at anything and that is to give everything . Scrimmage in baltimore 
tryna find a way but you never got a map 
to whom much is given much is tested 
The past is our definition . we may strive , with good reason , to escape it , or to escape what is bad in it , but we will escape it only by adding something better to it . 
When I look into the mirror I see change and I close my eyes and wish you could see the same 
watching Uconn and working on this paper 
first game tonight !!! lets get it 
doctors appt at8 30 .. hope this goes well then < PROPMALE > history with the team <3 
“Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try . ” 
bout to hit the books 3 tests and a paper tomorrow 
game vs Rowan then heading home tomorrow 
practice 11 to 1 then Drayer at 2 .. then finally home for break 
mom's kindergarten class for the day .. this oughtta be interesting haha 
cant believe iverson goin to retire .. crazyyy .. never thought i see the day 
let's get this W tonight !! 
Iverson back in philly ?? woww crazyy 
I love my basketball team ! <3 
86,400 seconds in a day to turn it all around or throw it all away 
Iverson's debut + Rutgers vs Florida game = bad news for < PROPMALE > history papers due tomorrow 
no more < PROPMALE > history everr !!!! 
no class would be great ! 
you know you have the best team when you spend like 10 mins tryin to find someone fallin in the background of a foulshot on gametape haha lets get this win tonight 
no classes tomorrow !! 
psych final at 10 
Weds afternoon cannot come soon enough !! 
2 more finals then home tomorrow 
Busy day tomorrow .. time to knock out these last 2 finals and head home 
head high like i dont know how to look down 
RIP < PROPFIRST > - we love and miss you <3 
In order to succeed , the < PROPFEMALE > for success should be greater than the fear of failure . 
Starting to pack 
It takes courage to push yourself to places that you have never been before ... to test your limits ... to break through barriers . And the day came when the risk it took to remain tight inside the < PROPMALE > was more painful than the risk it took to < PROPFEMALE > . 
We spend our whole lives searching for all the things we think we want , never really knowing what we have . 
shootaround at 12 , coming in focused and ready to work to get this win . I love you dad <3 
Thanking god for a successful surgery and my amazing team around me <3 . Getting this win tonight then team roadtrip home tomorrow . I love you dad <3 
Spending time with the fam then < PROPMALE>'s game . I love you dad <3 
goin to visit my dad then heading back to school for team dinner <3 
Good luck lady lions ! get this win today ! 
Welcome home dad <3 ! 
even when winning illogical losing still from optional 
We're a team . One person struggles , we all struggle . One person triumphs , we all triumph . Getting this win tomorrow 
in a fight to the finish so why not fight til ur finished . Games saturday n sunday . Lets get it lady lions ! 
You learn in life that , you give everything that you possibly can . And when that's not enough , you learn to accept that . 
Our greatest < PROPFEMALE > is not in never failing , but in rising up every time we fail 
When you're a kid , you see the life you want , and it never crosses your mind that it's not gonna turn out that way . 
you put yourself in your own shoes . Either you're winning or losin 
let's go < PROPFEMALE > !! 
comeback time ! lets go < PROPFEMALE > ! 
It's not the hand that you're dealt but how you're playing your cards 
no class tomorrow !!!!! 
in the end it all works out , faith has conquered fear 
heading to New York for the weekend 
game tonight lets get it 
class then x-rays at 2 30 
starting this paper then MRI super early tomorrow 
I love my team <3 
If you had one shot one opportunity to seize everything you ever wanted ... one moment ... Would you capture it ? Or just let it slip ? playoffs tonight lets get it !!! 
man down !! homeboy in the blue is a lap behind .. I love watchin the olympics with my team <3 
Just becuase you deserve something doesnt mean they're gonna hand it to you- sometimes you have to take whats yours ... playoff game tonight !! 
through everything we stayed together like a true family . lady lions <3 
Four tests this week ... studyin ... spring break cant get here soon enough 
spring break starts tomorrow at 11 30 <3 cant wait 
watching juwanna man 
It's funny when you're coming in first but you hope that you're last . you just hope that it lasts 
you got my head spinning . i dont know where to go from here . 
Simplicity provides a fine line between elegance and plainness .. watching brown sugar 
watching syracuse game isnt the same without my team <3 
spring break has been fun but ready to get back to countless games of rummy , singing on tables , screaming at basketball games , and making dinner <3 cant wait to get back 
it all comes spillin out like i hit a vein 
i want things to go my way but as of lately alot of shit been goin sideways 
brown sugar+ why did i get married both on tv at the same time = <3 
And you been waitin your whole life for one moment , well here it is , you better step to it 
live first leave the bullshit dead last 
no phone til friday 
I'm addicted to this life its gonna be hard to quit 
All we can do is respond to what is in front of us 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars , i could really use a wish right now 
no intensity = no victory 
12 classes left in this semester ! 
knockin out these 2 speech papers 
Last Day of classes !!! 
these are the moments i thank god that I'm alive and I could not ask for more <3 can't believe its almost over 
so lets just stay in the moment , reminisce , leave a < PROPFIRST > they can't erase 
2 finals down 2 to go 
last night in harrisburg 
Through everything that happened this year i couldn't have asked to be surrounded by any better people , not sure how im gonna survive the summer without them <3 leaving tomorrow 
finals are officially over , now comes the hard part - leaving 
it all comes spilling out like i hit a vein 
officially all unpacked !!! 
the tension is here between who you are and who you could be , how it is and how it should be 
time heals all wounds but the wounds remain . In time the mind , protecting its sanity , covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens but its never gone 
this is my life you decide yours 
watching the hangover <3 
watching the hangover missing the bests <3 
no time for bickering nd fake friends 
never ran from adversity instead i ran to it 
We all have people in our lives , some good some bad .. either way they help shape us 
life is what we make it and a < PROPMALE > is like a picture , it’d be nice if you just take it . 
You can't let praise or criticism get to you . It's a weakness to get caught up in either one . 
if I fall I bet i hit the groun runnin 
I'm starting it fresh cause half the time I got it right I probably guessed 
It should prolly be illegal to work at 8 am on your birthday 
thanks for all the happy birthday wishes !!! 
you can tell by looking at my eyes right now , that nothing really comes as a surprise right now , cause we having the time of our lives right now 
i'm looking forward to the memories of right now 
stay focused when nothin seems to make sense 
you never see it comin you jus get to see it go 
Somehow everything seems clear now I think I found myself somehow . But I don't wanna close my eyes cus I'm scared of what I might become , so I try to take one step at a time , to help me ease my mind 
when one is ruled by fear they strive to prevent the very changes that will abate it 
taking a step back in order to move forward 
watchin love & basketball 
Happy birthday dad <3 
At times you gotta go without knowing where you're going 
tryna see eye to eye but its like we both blind 
Last day of work for the summer ! 
Last day home ! 
When I hear em talkin , I just dont know what to make of it . Hate is so familiar to me , I’m slowly embracing it , doesn’t come natural , bear with me it could take a bit 
A < PROPMALE > is like a picture it'd be nice if you'd just take it 
What lies behind us and what lies before us are < PROPFEMALE > matters compared to what lies within us 
Live everyday with a point to prove 
that's when things start happening , i stopped lookin at back then 
there is only one way to be successful at anything and that is to give everything . Class then lifting 
when its all said and done im not gonna be the one you can always run to 
love me or hate me i swear it wont make me or break me 
Don't let your emotions overpower your intelligence 
Your coatesville is comin out put it away < PROPFEMALE > Ruggiero quote of the night haha 
the strength of the pack is each wolf . the strength of each wolf is the pack . leave your ego at the door is about family <3 
I look at everything as a lesson because I don't want to walk around angry , or maybe it's because I finally understand . There are things we don't want to happen , but have to accept . Things we don't want to know , but have to learn . And people we can't live without , but have to let go . 
we walkin the same path but got on different shoes , live in the same building but got different views 
wont play number two anymore 
its not whether you win or lose but about how long you keep playing the game and where it takes you . 
A journey of a thousand < PROPMALE > begins with a single step 
love & basketball <3 
No mistake is too great to recover and bounce back 
watching love & basketball and working on british lit paper 
It all comes down to doing what you’re supposed to do as hard as you can possibly do it .. first game at 8 
happy to be home ! 
watching to kill a mockingbird with my dad 
congrats to my lady lions for getting the W today !! now time to handle business in the O . R ... surgery tomorrorw 
good luck lady lions !!! 
hindsight is 20/20 , the future not so clear 
watching Uconn game !! 
chillin then practice .. RIP < PROPFIRST > <3 
It's a trip , when you're a kid you have this picture of how your life is gonna be , and it never crosses your mind that it's not gonna end up like that .. game today lets gooo !! 
since you been gone I just cant seem to get right 
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but by how we react to what happens , not by what life brings to us , but by the attitude we bring to life . 
teams win games , but families upset undefeated teams that are ranked 18th in the nation lady lions <3 
writing an essay on the lion < PROPMALE > movie - welcome to college ha 
