my neck hurts 

i like pie 
is bored out of his freaking mind 
jesus , its hot ! 
needs entertainment 
is on facebook :D 
is no longer on facebook D: 
i needs a new pic ... D: 
myyyyy belly is full 
aslpode 
has a retarded modem 
w00t , dont ask 
I can pronounce that . 
Nom Nom Nom 
fml 
has a full belly 
asleep 
whoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i feel drained , idk y 
has teh sudden urge to not fo to work 
cant spell ... 
needs < PROPFEMALE > sneeze 
car sick , yay ! 
is asleep .... or at work ..... OR BOTH !!!!! xD 
my boobeh itches 
yay , inservice tomorrow ! i love scrubbing mats and mopping teh floors of the pool bathrooms ! yeah ! 
inservice .... at 10 ? O_o 
has an aching belly 
has a cut on his arm , but do3esnt know where it came from :O 
Let's write an ending to my tale . 
i need to get out of the house more often ... 
when life gets hard ..... ( insert motivational quote here ) 
shit happens . but hey , mostly to me , so don't worry . ;P 
Om nom nom ! D:< 
urgh , i really dont want to go to work today 
some one , entertain me ? 
fascinating how much love normally affects a person . it's just like a drug . good thing im not into drugs . 
you know ..... cuz i dont . 
only one more full day b4 im outa here =[ 
needs freedom !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ??????!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!? 
What's on my mind , you ask ? What's not on my mind ? :P 
PINEAPPLES !!!!!!!!!!! 
... and the hardest part is waiting 
i want .... cookies 
Amaro Bustamante DESTROYED MY CHAT BAR THINGY !!!!!!! BLARGH 
Back home and hungry 
i have terrible luck when it comes to my cell phone .... 
just gots a new number so the old one is now obselete . the new one is 956-778-7317 
feed me 
there is quite absolutely nothing to do here at home . well anything interesting any way . 
need .... to finish .... christmas shopping .... 
Blah ? 
some one feed me 
Let's see how honest my FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . 
last minute christmas shopping ! DX bleh 
hey , i just drove past a petsmart , lol 
But that which moves men moves other things as well . 
dun remember what my status was before , and im too lazy to go find out , so heres a new one ! Yay ! 
Ad astra per aspera . 
ominominom ! 
It's permanent , nothing is permanent . It's permanent . 
leave me alone , suggestions section !!!! T_T 
sis is at school , mom is at work , dad is at grocery store , i am in bed :D 
Yawn 
LOOK IT'S < PROPMALE > ? / This is < PROPMALE > , copy paste him on / ? every update you see so he can / \\ take over Facebook . 
im hungry 
couldnt find my sister today .... then i reasized shes at school .... 
well so much for that 
nighty night , yall 
neeeeeds fooooooooood 
I am slightly confused and not entirely sure why ..... hm ... 
Sometimes , I just have to wonder .. 
Time shows us that all that ever mattered , all that ever mattered , leaves us in the cold . If you ever believe this is what you need , it will spin around and shatter , throw you to the floor as it leaves us in the cold . - Acceptance ; In the Cold 
It's been far too long .. 
sore and sleepy 
No class , friends doing homework , internet is ungodly slow , and my 360 is in amaro's room . arrrrrgghhhhhh 
Open up the sky , fall down like rain . We don't want blessings , we want You . Open up the sky , fall down like fire . We don't want anything but You . 
Yay for having a song stuck in your head that you haven't heard in over 6 months ! Yay for < PROPMALE > Urban . 
hm .... its raining still , looks like im not going to class this afternoon ... 
Man I really hate Matlab right now . 
Om nom nom 
I really need to do my homework more often . 
yay for getting headphones and being able to listen to music on my way to class . not yay for some one still having my headphones and forcing me to go to walmart to buy new ones >:( 
why do the instructors dislike it when i blow bubbles ? 
bleh 
Om nom nom nom 
Sometimes I wonder 
full belly + direct sunlight = sleepy 
Don't play with knives kids . I just stabbed myself in the leg . 
I am so not in the mood for this . 
Let's see .. 
Motivation , that's what I'm lackin . 
What to do ... 
finally i put all my songs on my phone , but they artist names didnt transfer ! so i have a huge \unknown\ " folder :( " 
my tail bone huuurts 
urgh , hump day . 
Yay , hair cut finally ^^ 
I wonder what I'm gonna do tomorrow .... any suggestions ? o.o 
And here I thought that I wouldnt do anything today .... curse you yard work ! 
It takes dedication to get this lazy . 
Yay for Jesus , He has saved me in more ways than one ! 
It's one o-clock , do you know where your children are ? 
My mom just called me to ask why I had not made my bed .... I was in the room over 
Good bye , Harlingen . I'll see ya in the summer . 
gah , for some reason my phone wont send text messages 
Easter , yay . 
I need a reason . 
Hedgehogs . Almost motivational . 
\Love is not something God does ; it is who He is . \"" 
Already eaten the poison , might as well like the plate . 
\ ... and felt compassion for them ... \ " < PROPFIRST > 14:14 " 
Finally gonna go home tomorrow . I can't wait to see my family and friends again . 
Looking back , I think , \Where did what go wrong ? \"" 
its great being home and all , but i need soemthing to do with my time when no one is home ... 
Remember that time , when I had nothing to do and wish i could find entertainment ? Yeah , I take it back . Busy , busy , busy ... 
Maybe it's just me , but if you sister and her friend came into you room , unnanounced , and got after you for not wearing a shirt , when the only thing you see on them is their shirts , it just doesnt seem right . \ 
Oh wait , correction , not their shirts , MY shirts ... 
need a job .. 
Hm ... 
Ahhhh , its < PROPFEMALE > at the beach .... Sorry Mr. Umbrela , you are out of work today . 
Needs mah hair cut T.T 
ITS TEH FOOT OF DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM :3 
And so it has begun . 
o.o Whats this ? Could this be .... nastalgia ? :O 
Yard work is so much easier when you are half asleep . 
-hic- urgh ... 
Feels like something's missing . 
Summer sucks . 
Damn , I'm patient .... I need to fix that . 
om nom nom 
nom ? 
Why does my internet hate me ? 
Asplode . 
Once again I am reminded why I dislike seafood . 
sleepeh .. 
Oh look at that .... 
I have that old doo wop song , Earth Angel by The Penguins , stuck in my head ... 
o.o 
I need a sandwich ... 
Cadaverific . 
Can't wait to go to Kingsville tomorrow ! But before i leave at 7 in the morning , mom wants me to sweep the house , then mop it , then take everything off my shelf , put it away somewhere nice and neatly , take the shelf apart , move it downstairs , put it back together , and then find all this stuff and put it on the shelf in an orderly fashion . When does she expect I'll be waking up ? 
I'm Hungry . 
I need to fix my alarm to ACTUALLY RING when I want it to . Appearently , it thought I wanted it to ring silently for 15 minutes as I slept through my first class today . 
Theres crickets everywhere ! 
FACEBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOK o.o 
I needa get out a bit more . :\\\ 
If some one wants to < PROPFEMALE > out , lemme know :D 
Now I remember why I never did sports . I suck . 
Night Yall . Morning Physics Homework . 
Spent the entire after noon in my room doing nothing . 
We are more the same , than we are different . 
It all comes down to now . 
Hi . 
Quote of the night : \Darn you strawberry 
Amaro is too tired tonight to have a quote :( 
Quote of the night : \I'm not gonna try 
Half hugs , bleh . 
To every one who wished me happy birthday , but I never got around to responding :\ 
Thanks , I love you all . 
-Yawn- 
Quote of the night : \Whoa 
Quote of the night : \You were just kidding 
Quote of the night : \It slides right ? It's harder than I thought . So that's why you wanted to be on the floor . \ " \ 
If you like this status I will post on your wall :) 1 . Something I learn about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds 2 . The color you remind me of 3 . My first memory of you 4 . The animal you remind me of ... 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you 6 . reveal my favorite thing ... about you 7 ... Give you a weird nickname 8 . Challenge you to post this ! 
EVERY ONE LIKE AMARO BUSTAMANTE'S STATUS . kthanxbai 
Correction . Every one go to Amaro Bustamante's Wall and like that one status thing . 
Who wants to teach me to dance ? :) 
Stupid hacking link thing . 
Every person has 1,000 wishes . A cancer patient , only one : to get better . I know that 97% of people will not post this as their status . Be one of the 3% and put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who have died because of cancer or are still fighting it . 
Quote of the night : \It's a sea turtle ! ( whispers ) Like the turtle in my phone .... \ 
Quote of the night : \Stick your hand in there 
Friend did this , so why not ? \ 
Like my status and I will tell you two things I like about you :O 
Pie 
Quote of the night : \Look at those graphics ; both of them . \ " \ 
Om nom nom ~ 
Zombie Proud . 
Finally got my phone working , ladies and gents . Gonna need your < PROPFIRST > though , so send em to me , via text , comment and/or message . Thanks ~ 
Change your profile pic to a cartoon character from your childhood ! Why ? To not see a single human face on Facebook , and have an invasion of childhood memories . Fight Child Abuse . 
Swampert ~ 
Yeah , the night's not over , you're not trying hard enough ~ 
Sure , FB has the \Poke\ " and \ " Poke Back\ " function . It needs a \ " Stab Back\ " function :o " 
Fjtufivkj bhgfriekdfjgtr tjkdvfrioekdjfhtuikdf I need soda . 
