Chocolate chip cookies , ponche , tamales , green nails , sailor < PROPFIRST > , good friends , curly hair . The making of a good year :) 

Here it comes .... No one can stop it .... It happens every 52nd week .... Welcome 2011 . 
Last call . 
I just want to sleep through it .... 
Only coffee could comfort me through this kind of smell and disappointment :( 
I just want a permanent feeling of \moxie\ " ( not the doll ) an on demand supply of \ " get-up-and-go\ " . ugh . ( frumpy unhappy face ) ugh . " 
Rain rain go away . 
still working on navigational skills ... through life AND THIS SITE !! 
Eventually ... I will have time . 
AHHHH the ever elusive sleep ... Come in , come in ... 
holes are filled in the emotional realm only when things are confronted ... then the healing begins 
Bending walls and breaking balls 
Soooooo ... I'm thinking ... It's only fair for me to make my myspace all about me and my Facebook all about my family and friends ... What do you think ? 
So ... I'm thinking ... It's only fair for me to make my myspace all about me and my Facebook all about my family and friends ... What do you think ? 
I WANT TO PLAY FARMVILLE !!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!! 
my girls love their godmother !!! 
no matter how much they fight , i love having my girls here 
YAY ! I AM HOOKED UP NOW ! i hope this stuff works tomorrow ... i took the blue from kat . i am HOOKED UP through my phone . YAY for my phone ! 
Feeling terrible about not being able to share a birthday moment with my dear friend < PROPFIRST > :-( makes me sad . 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=tE2r4X5Tzkh16L3ULat0\ 
\ 
_frsthgl 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=qEgr4Y5OzkUim7uha03k\ 
why does it post that I have received a picture message ?? what if I don't want anyone to know ?? okay , okay .... I do . I just don't get it ... i'm still a newbie 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=lE1r4M5s7P5vSUoh7h1L\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=NEEr4H5n7P5EPU0Lak3h\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=iEdr485l7P5Ytaf8k05U\ 
Can ANYONE tell me how to get these pictures I sent to myself here into an album ??? I thought that that is what it was going to do in the first place !!! 
I just got the worst grade ever and I haven't even goten my test back yet ! 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=NEMr4L5Z7UU10khL87yU\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=mEfr4G5P855yM5d8U7Q8\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=NEWr485Q855Wt5Ga0kRo\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=eEzr4v5o8555UYtzk70Q\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=aEur4z5x855pdzI7hLmL\ 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=2EMr4D5m855d07b7LhnU\ 
It was a good day ! Good people , good food and good weather ! What else could a person ask for ? 
You have received a Multimedia Message - You received a Media Mail from { TRIMMED_SENDER } Click to view . http://mediamail.boostmobile.com/share.do?invite=VEer4x5T8zY2akmhLL20\ 
.............. another few days and this module is OVER !!! I can't wait for muscles and bones ... get your mind out of the gutter !!! 
I think i stayed up too long rearranging my farmville ... But well worth the price tomorrow , i need to have fun when I can :) 
If i split myself in two , would i get twice as much done ? Or would i speculate disaster and sweat the little things twice as much ? When I finally crack , ill let you know . 
Oh the endless possibilities ... If i only had a brain ... 
( FBOOK ) 
Hmmmmm . Wondering if this text thing is really going to work ? 
Shuffling through papers for two hours to look for the resume i didnt find because it is on a flash drive i lost long ago ... Grrr 
I love to clean all day .... Then go to class for 5 hours ... end the night with pretzles and home work ! YAY for responsibilities ! 
just trying to get the paper work filled out and not want to play farmville . off goes this comp . which does not belong to me ... long and busy day tomorrow . 
Just barely getting to the shower but yet , I am feeling mighty fine and loved . HOORAY for me :) 
Getting ready to bus bop ... Who's boppin ' on the back of the bus ? This girl right here with the apartment sized bag :) ( its not supposed to make sense to most ) 
launrdy ... cooking ... kids ... crafts ... birthday party ??? 
Thick just means more bounce to the ounce ! :) 
Is it early or is it late ? 
No one should have to change diapers this early . Grrr ... 
Im just going to bop my butt right on this bus and bop right on down the road :) 
AHHHHHHHHHHH .... what a transformation 15 minutes can become . From roaming the bus clothes to full scrubs and game face !!! Nice . 
Here we go again ... I want to run and hide ... I wont be denied by you , the animal inside ... OH I WONT SLEEP TONIGHT !!! good song :) 
Third of the way through and on my third cup of Coffee ... CAFFEINE YOUR MY ONLY FRIEND ! okay not really :) 
( 1/2 ) All i want is a place of our own and a job . I want the tough times as well as the good . I just want things to be as normal as possible without being 
( 2/2 ) mundane . Is that really too much to ask for ? 
Well . Cant believe i forgot i was supposed to be taking notes and not just HIGHLIGHTING ! crap . 
Pass prayers my way . Give me a good thought . Send me sweet signals . Just dont forget i love you all :) 
My classmate ROCKS ! Just got me a pass for the gym ! 
learning something new EVERYDAY ! yay . 
No matter how short the moment , it feels like forever ... Love that moment for just what it is ... A really great moment in time . 
Memories shouldnt be allowed to hold this kind of ... 
food food food food food haven't eaten since 9 this morning ... FOOD FOOD FOOD 
How can a mind going a thousand < PROPMALE > a minute , wrapped up in a thousand thoughts , draw a blank ? I just want to say it all and nothing comes out . Doesnt matter ... It wouldnt make sense to anyone anyway . Some things are better bottled ! 
Mr. Owl , how many dreams does it take to get to the easy going part of the hard going life ? Lets see , ah one , ah two , ah three ... Infinity . My world may never know ! 
Some times , judges rule based on the judgement of their stomachs 
Comfort zones are most often expanded through discomfort Ü . Ü this was my fortune cookies fortune for me , how appropriate . 
Strong water 
Farmville weekend . Wonderful . 
MEOW BABY ! 
Wandering stars ... For whom it is preserved ... The blackness , the darkness ... Forever . 
STOOOOOOOOP ! TISSUE THIEF ! 
OH MAN ! I LOVE TRUE BLOOD ! Whether its over or not , its awesome ! 
WHOA . pancakes in a can < :o > 
Getting ready for the last harvest for the next day . Leaving for the valley all too soon . 
( 1/2 ) Take the last train to knoxville and ill meet you at the station , you can be four-thirty because ive made your reservation . Oh dont be slow ... OH NO NO 
( 2/2 ) NO ! guess I missed my train ! 
These next few days and weeks are going to be so jammed packed full of planning , travel time , and down time ! What could i possibly have to complain about ? Ahhhh 
7 days left and i will be in the field . Whoa . 
The day begins so early , so fast , i dont even have time to send a 10 second text ... Let the day begin ! 
Observethe < PROPFEMALE > night.org keep in touch with our < PROPFEMALE > , check out this website . - < PROPFEMALE > 
Fwd : VID 00017-20100925- 1503.3 GP 
Oh the things i would do for a new home . Oh things i would do to the new home . Oh how far away a new home may be . Oh man . 
Here comes the sun ... 
Big ass burritos ... Can never eat them all . BUT I CAN SURE TRY ! 
Peck peck peck 
Feeling SOOOOOOOO BLESSED to have my girls . Tonight was back to school night and these teachers are great . THANK YOU GOD ! 
Guess i was distracted today when I told myself i WOULD do homework :) oops 
Cant keep the smile off my face :) 
I want to listen to the strokes ... In a way , i am ;-) 
So freakin energized right now . Who knows how long it will last ! Time to be annoying ! 
Five days .... 
Bus time ! 
Oh yeah they really want you , they really want you . They really do . Oh yeah they really want you and i do too . I want to be the girl with the most cake . 
soooo sleepy .... full day of cleaning and faxing and school in the evening .... YYYYAWWWN !!!! goodnight people of my life- via- facevook 
Love is never lost , just put away out of sight , but dead love should stay buried . 
Its starting to sprinkle ! 
Up at 0645 down at 0200 . How exhausting . 
Bus boppin ' 
My < PROPFEMALE > my baby , dont put my love on the shelf ! She said \DONT GIVE ME NO LINES AND KEEP YOUR HANDS TO YOURSELF ! \"" 
Tick tick tick tick on the watch and life's to short for me to stop OH BABY , YOU'RE TIME IS RUNNING OUT !!! 
You've gotta spend some time , love . You've gotta spend some time with me . I know that you'll find , love . I will possess your heart . 
This humidity factor is the real killer . Not even a chronic cuddler like myself would want to be close to another heat producing human . God help us all ! 
If I were any shorter , i would be dragging my knuckles ! 
I have a tendency of wearin ' my mind on my sleeve . I have a history of losing my shirt . 
Heartbreaker ! Painmaker ! Wanna tear this world apart ! 
I want a girl who gets up early , i want a girl who stays up late . Oh . I guess i already have her , that would be ME ! 
Msg : Describe me in one word §§§§§§§§ . You may regret sending this to everyone but do it , u might like what you read ! 
A friend in needs a friend in deed ... a friend with w *** is better . A friend with br¡¡¡ts and all the rest , one thats dressed in leather . PURE MORNIN ' ... 
Oh what a Halls lozenge can do ! 
Learning new Strokes . And yes . I mean the band :) 
What a waste of a saturday night . Both my six year old and I were sick from food BUT < PROPMALE > AWAY FROM EACH OTHER ! ugh . 
Venture back 
Ah hu , push and shove , everybody move to the back of the bus ... 
clean kitchen , restful sleep . 
freakin ' indecision ARRGGGGGGGG !!!! b.s. power . make sense ? no , csause it's 2 in the damn morning and I want to sleep , buuuutttttt ..... yeah . right . not worry for once . yay ? 
I dare anyone to find pictures of me , from when ever .... please ? 
Only if your groovin ' with the double dutch man ! 
October 7th is the \cadle light\ " ceremony for the end of my in class-ness !!! Perfect attendance is nothing to sneeze at !! " 
Children off at school and the little one and I are spending some much needed time together . Playdate with < PROPFEMALE > ? 
PREPAAAAARRRRE FOR THE BUS BOP !!!!!!! and waiting for a call ..... oi , hope I don't get it on the bus and get that call .... grrr 
ANYONE HOUSESTED IN HELPING OUT MY KIDS THROUGH THEIR FUNDRAISERS ? message me :) 
OOPS . Typo on that last post ! I meant WOULD ANYONE LIKE TO HELP OUT MY KIDS THROUGH THEIR FUNDRAISERS ?!? its with the yankee candle company and frozen deserts . 
We just lost gizzmo . This rainy day now seems appropriate . I am very sad . Thanks for doing everything you did for him Tacie :( 
Farmville is my gizzmo no mo therapy :( 
Sandwich o plasty 
SHOVELS !!!!! I NEED SHOVELS !!!!! please . 
Encephalitis secondary to shinanagins . Oi . 
Perfect attendance , lamp of learning , caduceus , carls jr to celebrate . Oh joy . Almost done with this school and ready to start more schooling . 
Almost forgot i was going to make chicken taquitos for last day of school ! Almost , that is :) 
The night is nearly completely . Dinner , hygeine , little einstiens , bed . Farmville completes it all . :) 
Thank you everyone for all your farm help ! Ill return the favor asap :) now , its time to rest :) 
So thankful i dont feel sick anymore ! Was feeling like i had the flu ! 
Walking back . Oi . 
What a saturday . What a night . What an early morning1 
Ahhh ... Enchiladas and rice with black bean dinner . I love cooking and eating with my girls . Now . If I could only get them to stop talking SO much :) 
Wildlifelearningcenter.com support your local wild life rescue centers ! check it out ! 
It feels good to be couched by one a.m. Now to figure out if that is progress or just sad ! ^.^ 
On my way to externship ! Wish me luck , send me prayers ! :) 
Im goin ' in ! 
Externship success . Its just sooooooo sloooooow . 
uhhhh .... starting to get the < PROPFEMALE > of the photo thing !!! have to make them bigger ! 
It feels so great to have dinner with my girls . How great would that be to have a normal schedule ? Not sure I WOULD KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH ONE ! 
One day , my smile will match how bright i feel :) 
Have i ever mentioned to to you all how much I LOVE MY FRIENDS ! 
I need your arms around me ... I need to feel your touch .... 
LET THE DAY BEGIN ! 
Four busses , four < PROPMALE > walked . Now , for the rest of the day to unfold ! 
Oh . All the detours of a SIMPLE day . How tiring . 
With the laundry < PROPMALE > and ready to dry overnight ( i hope < : L > ) now is the time to rest my weary bones . Good night . 
Soooooooo tired . Lovin ' the weather though ! FAVORITE time of year :) 
Wishing for hot soup in a bread bowl with ice cold milk :) 
It really doesnt seen all that crazy to drink a strong cup of coffee at this time of day when there is still seven hours to go ! Eleven down seven to go ! 
Finally . I am restful enough to actually fall asleep EARLY and the mariachi JUST started to play . Grrr . It could have been ANY music and i would still be GRRRR ! 
Really diggin ' this new muse song on the radio 
Chilles were SPICY ! Only sour cream could save them ! Six hours for semi success . Maybe i shouldnt make so many next time ^.^ 
Brave little lion . Lovin this song . 
Why cant i get my < PROPFEMALE > to eat her REAL food as appose to the breaded chicken crap other people feed her all the time ? 
Sleep escapes me .... I don't blame facebook , i find it to be a help :P 
Still loking for pictures of myself from anyone who may have any POST ' EM !!!! PLEASE !!! well , not if they are embarrassing !! 
Miss prepared is unprepared today . I really hate this feeling . Late running busses SURELY dont help ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , you make great sandwiches ! 
Wondering what is going on in Quartz Hill :) 
almost time to go meme's 
Pizza bagel time ! 
Potty time ! Excellent ! 
No matter what , she was the best boss i had ever had . 
Please send tequilla . Limes optional . 
Off to the doctors for Penelopie 
My little < PROPFEMALE > pie got five shots today . But what A trooper ! A lollipop fixed it all ! 
The bathroom at school smells like my kindergarten class . Do you remember what kindergarten smelled like ? 
Big fish , little fish swimming in the water , come back here and bring me my daughter . Big fish , little fish swimming in the water . Come back here and bring me my daughter . 
Parents are early , what a blessing in disguise , SHOWER TIME ! 
Always wishing for more ; more time , more energy , more know how , more tools , more supplies , more human connections . But always thankful for what i have . NITE ! 
Starting a new externship site today , really hope it works out ! 
Oi . My head hurts :( 
Spaghetti it is ! 
I need a watch :( 
Oh my , oh my . What a child filled weekend ahead ! Crafts cookies and candies . God help up all . 
Thank you God for the RANDOM thought to switch which side i sleep on , if I hadnt , i would have never found the NASTY AND POISONOUS spider in my blanket ! wow . 
patiently waiting for anyone with an iPHONE to send me ANYTHING RAINBOW !!! 
Anything rainbow ... Anytime ... Please :) 
My girls did so good ! Except for the running away in big crowds . Im just really protective , was mad when she ran through NO CROWDS ! Just never know :( 
Not feeling good . Ugh . 
Feeling so much better than yesterday ! Just wondering what i am going to be able to before for lunch ! 
Mmmm :-) lunch solved , < PROPFEMALE > TAMALE ! 
BE PATIENT ! STAY THERE ! ill get to ya ! 
Mushrooms cant make you crazy but cologne can make you deaf :) te he . 
Why do kids always want to stop in the middle of a driveway or cross walk ? Wasnt even my kid i was watching do this very thing but still gave me a heart attack ! 
Phlebotomy time ! 
Deep thought . Deep hurt . Forever progressing . 
God help us all , lamb chop is revived in AN UNDYING SONG . why OH why ? 
Its new ! Its fresh ! Its exciting ! ITS JET LAG ! 
Tonight , my world weighs heavy in my mind and all i ever wanted was an < PROPFIRST > atlas to help bear that burden . One day , perhaps , one day , 
Chicken time ! 
Philanthropist , just another goal on the list . Oh yeah . 
I have become increasingly sicker through the day , ugh . 
So stuffey in the head that i couldnt smell my kids . No bueno . Its the best part of the rough mornings ! 
Oh cake balls , you are the best recipie yet . Thank YOU < PROPFIRST > Moreno ! 
Someone PLEASE explain why children lie about the most RIDICULOUS of things , please . 
You know your a parent when you empty the back seat floor of the car of its cheerios in the grocery store parking lot and justify it by saying its for the birds 
do believe I have just fallen in love with < PROPFIRST > Chaplin <3 
PLEASE HELP MY LITTLE CHICKEN COOP !!!!! scroll down and finds my hard hat wearing chiken , click to help me out , PLEASE !!! ( IT'S ONLY ME 9TH TIME TRYING !!! ) 
Feels so good to be in the AV .... WITH ALL MY GIRLS ! 
Long day produce long thoughts . Lets make peace . 
What would i give to hear the sounds of a cool running < PROPFEMALE > ? Quite a bit , lemme tell ya ! 
Ugh . Heartburn . 
I really , really HATE there bank of < PROPFEMALE > commercials . Not like i watch tv all the time ! 
YAY ! My phone is on once again , feels good ! 
dead battery ... poo on that :( 
Frazzled @.@ 
Holidays in the AV . Gotta love that 20 degree weather ! 
Thanksgiving success . Now if i can get < PROPFEMALE > to eat some FRUIT ! 
What a long holiday , and the weekend just started ! 
Starting the weekend with an hours worth of travel and spirited away :) what a saturday its going to be , and COLD TOO ! 
Six degrees of separation . Its just plain crazy :) 
Finally , chorizo and eggs with potatos . Yum . 
Where the hell did monday go ? 
now that monday is gone and tuesday is here ... I think I should go find my pjs and pillow .... mmmm hm ... sounds great :) 
Three in the morning just doesnt seem like the time to be watching toy story 3 with a sick two year old . Ugh . 
Now matter what , i still love my never wife * 
Aprehension causes procrastination . Its just not right . 
One day at a time :) 
With just a few things here and there , it makes it feel alot like christmas . Feels great :) 
Good morning world :) 
Nothing like fresh whoppers for the ride home :) 
Would you my , oh , could you be my ? Wont you be my neighbor ? ( on farmville , i cant really do anything else without some more neighbors ! ) 
The rain is the only reason i need to bake peanut butter cookies . Too much peanut butter on hand might have little to do with it also .... But whateva :) 
Happiness hit her , like a train on a track 
Run fast for your mother , fast for your father , run for your children , all your sisters and brothers 
my sister is an only child . oh how i love her so . 
It takes more muscles to frown than smile , so stick to what is easiest :) 
* Me to girls : good morning * girls to me : good morning * me to penny : where is your shirt ? * < PROPFEMALE > giggles * i pull back her blanket : YOUR NAKED ? more giggling :) 
I am Eternaly optimistic :) 
Artichoke dip : in progress 
An < PROPFIRST > at the kwik market . Gotta try one ! 15675 Roxford st in Sylmar . Yum yum YUMMM ! 
Invest in humanity : smile at a stranger :) 
Enjoying time with long-time-no-see-friends . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , so glad to chill once again :) 
Got my PHONE back , got gifts , got to wrap . Then dishes and mimis . Well deserved mimis :) 
< PROPFEMALE > is so hooked on toy story that she just woke up crying for buzz light year ! Oh MY gosh . Her dad got the right toys for this obsession :) 
goodnight ( well , morning ) everyone !! < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! AND HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! Make the best of what you have , it could always be worse ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS ! Thank you God for the few but plenty enough gifts that my girls received . Be safe everyone ! 
Watching the fog and clouds roll in over the mountains . I truely love sylmar :) 
Wet burrito < PROPMALE > 
Theres a ghost inside my lungs and it sighs as i sleep , wraps itself around my tongue as it softly speaks 
Between two lungs it was released , the breath that passed from you to me . It flew between us as we slept , it slipped from your mouth , into mine it crept . 
One hour into it and it already is going wrong @.@ 
Drag my teeth across you chest to taste your beating heart , use my nails , try to claw my way in ... 
Multitasking doesnt work when you forgot the multi part of your task < : L > 
Good friends . Good food . Good times :) 
Tamales at midnight . Making , not eating ! 
Coffee . Your my only friend :) 
Midnight cleaning mission . wish me luck 
Just finished watching inception . Wow . 
Time to make dinner . 
Oh laundromat .... 
Stoopid apple pie . 
Is watching tortillas shrink :) 
Is watching the storm come in 
I highly doubt , i weather well . 
Listening to the sound of the first rain drops against the 210 . 
Is getting ready for phlebotomy class . YAY ! 
Gonna cook some trout and enjoy the evening . Yay :) 
CURSE YOU SCIATIC NERVE ! 
< PROPFEMALE > night . Sounds like weather for a movie :) 
I go through life like what is happening is what should be happening , even though i dont like some of the things going on . Who does that ?!? 
Clowns to the left me me , jokers to the right . Here i am , stuck in the middle with .... Stuck in the middle with you . 
Diggin this chunky sirloin burger soup . Oh Yeahhhhhhhh ! 
' Tis a clear and < PROPFEMALE > night . 
Well ill be , look at this ! And they said you couldnt plant sausage seeds ! 
Slowest bus EVER ! We are crawling at 20 < PROPMALE > an hour in a 35 mph zone . Shoot me please . 
Delectable . Delightful . Delicious . Darn right . Im proud of my simple dinner . 
I wish i had a smart phone to look up carrier pigeons on 
What a lovely morning to sit in a classroom ! 
( my apologies if this offends anyone ) F**K < PROPFIRST > BROWN . 
Sheh boo , < PROPFEMALE > says , and blessed i am :) 
These lemon bars are AMAZING ! My favorite recipe so far ! Think i am going to make some for Tacie :) 
Anyone need a hard working house cleaner ? After party discounts if i can keep the recycling ! 
YAY ! I hAve an interview at a chiropractic firm tomorrow ! Wish me luck , send me prayers ! 
Dont kiss your lover by the garden gate , love is blind but the neighbor aint ! 
Urg . 
Grumble grumble . I dont like interviews , why cant they do this schtuff over food ? Or coffee ? ~ :-| 
ACK . What a crummy night . 
Oh Conan , you so cheer my crappy night . Ahhh . 
Another interview today ! Hope this one goes better than yesterdays ! 
I COOKED MY WORMIES !!! NOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! Where is a bait and tackle store when you need one ? 
WHAT IS UP WITH ALL OF THESE SHOOTINGS ??? 
Craaaaazy storm winds kicking up . Nail it down or lose it ! 
Lord , thank you for ever door you have opened for me , you are a true gentleman . 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , hisses . Oi . 
Today , taking care of business . Tonight , taking care of business . Tomorrow , taking care of business . Saturday , taking care of business . Sunday .... Sleep ? HA ! 
I can hear you louder than ever . whisper to me , help me remember ...... 
Good morning world . Lets poke some veins :) 
< PROPFEMALE > for tonight . 
So good to have my girls back :) 
As a voluntary sacred face crosses Pennys face , Jaide sits in trouble , covered in powder , Miriya wrighting lines for her 6 o'clock performane . How fun :) 
NINETY NINE CENT BANANA ?!? Yeah , just one . Class , can you say ROBBERY ? 
Feels so good to work ! 
Is honestly trying to fall asleep :( easier thought than done . 
Twelveth and half hour . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!! Bus ! Wait ! I cant run with a plate in my hand :( 
Stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid me . How did i ever let him convince me to sell my car ? Stupid stupid me :( 
Thirty minute count down :) 
I miss my little girls . Wont be putting them to bed for a while . I love you mamitas ! 
One bus down , two to go :) 
Boston market lunch . The best part is that its free ! 
Is en route :) 
Out the door and into the cold cruel world . How will i ever survive ?!? At least its not freezing or raining ! THANK YOU LORD ! :) 
I have made up my mind , i will go for laboratory technologist before i do registered nursing . End of story :) 
Coors to cheers this week of work , frustration , learning and love :) thanks to all who have helped me out , supported me and sent me their love . Thank you all :) 
Mmmmm , pesto penne pasta and grilled chicken with crusty sourdough bread . YUMMMYYY . I really shouldnt have eaten that ! 
A week that takes a long time to catch up , hits the hardest . 
My grandparents are the BEST ! My parents too , of course ! 
Oh my goodness ? I think i am watching < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in sepia ! 
Has ripped the cartilage in her finger . Ouch . Bummer . I just wanted to clean :( 
Ill collect the moments one by one .... Guess thats how the future is grown 
STUPID PHONE ALARM ! Going to make me late to work ! 
Train your brain , eat something new ! 
Ugh .... How do you tell a complete strangers that they WREEEEEK ?!? 
The cold is bareable with the right clothing . Thank God for synthetic fleece ! 
Its that layer of dark chocolate on the bottom of a granola thin that says \why hello yogurt ! Fancy meeting you in a place like this\ " as it fills my tummy :) " 
Work has totally , utterly and completely KICKED MY ASS ! I just hope they keep me . 
Sitting on the bus never felt so good ! Really , it never did ! 
Bad memories in he flesh should be avoided like the plague ! Even if that means pretending to board the bus with them and then jumping off ! No joke ? 
OH NO !!! The sickness has a hold of me ! 
Sick sick sick sick sick . Feeling really sick . I think my head will explode from the pressure . Ugh . 
Too sick for work .... And will be LIVID if I start feeling better when I get back . Stupid medicine . 
Fleshy spirit in limbo 
Yup ... This day just keeps getting worse . On the bright side , i have more study time no my hands . On the dark side , im scarred forever .... 
.... And valentines on the horizon :-[ 
Ghetto chicken marinara : microwave chicken < PROPFEMALE > , spaghetti sauce and any cheese on hand . Wash down with cheap beer of choice . 
Loooooovin Modern Marvels on The History Channel . Love it ! 
Do you know how far this has gone ? Just how damaged have i become ? When I think i can over come .... It runs even deeper .... 
Half way through the day and not half way through my list . God , give me strength . Coffee , give me energy . Twelve hours to go . 
My dream home employs a triple load washer , one top load washer , one powerful amazing dryer , a chenielle hammock , a drying rack and unlimited music of my choice 
In my dream home .... Organized joy :) 
Dont microwave bbq sauce . Oops : - < 
What check ? At least the bills are paid .... i guess . Im still grateful for what i have . Thanks everyone . 
Feeesh ! 
Wandering stars , for whom it is preserved . The blackness th darkness forever . Always doubled up inside .... 
This laundromat makes me want to dance :) 
Whats a 6G ? Whats a Bieber ? 
Itchy palm does not mean money heading your way , it means wor allergic to the damn soap ! 
Maclay to Roxford . Not your typical stroll in the park . 
Please could you stop the noise im trying to get some rest .... from all the unborn chicken voices in my head .... 
< PROPFEMALE > tries but misunderstands . She's often inclined to borrow somebodys dreams till tomorrow .... See < PROPFEMALE > play . 
Like a rollin stone , like the FBI and the CIA and the BBC , BB < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Day dig it dig it dig it dig it dig it dig it ..... 
I never wanted it to ever spoil .... Take you hatred out on me .... 
Rum 
I will take parade you down main street . We will take them for the ride or rides . You'll be a natural the way you are .... 
Your so lovely , are you joleky 
Mini gummi bears are imposters . You have been warned . 
Wind so strong , you acco here the roof shingles being ripped at and cracking . Scary . 
Soooooooo pissey ~ :-| 
Its a fine lady that accompanies my cup today 
Not as pissey :/ 
My fingers claw your skin , try to tear my way in .... 
Fluffy headed laundry doer 
We as humans think we are intuitive enough to touch a dryer door and gauge whether or not our stuff is dry . Why ? 
Running through a field where all my tracks will be concealed 
Forever folding laundry .... Forever and ever and ever 
Making my way over to My girls so we can get them their much needed shoes . Why wont they stop growing ? 
I hate the bus . I hate the bus . I hate the bus . I need the bus . Damned if you do , damned if you dont . 
Stupid knee 
Sometimes you just want to be pissed . Other times its the hormones . 
Happiness is silence in the air and not a drop of awkwardness . Perfectly in step . 
ACK ! LATE FOR CLASS ! 
Beautiful 
3D stars are not for stepping on . Ouch :( 
I want to reconcile the valleys in your heart . I want to excersize the demons in your past . 
From demons to dishes 
Is going for a walk with < PROPFEMALE > :) and missing her biggest two :( 
Wish i knew what you were looking for , might have known what you would find 
Ooo , my ear is ringing whos talkin sh*@ ' bout me ? 
i turn to look , its clear as day , this plan has long been under way . i hear them call , i cannot stay , the voice inviting me away . it runs even deeper . 
Through your lies landscape 
< PROPFIRST > the mute , never tire of the complexity . 
If you should see the dice , charmed with its snake choked eyes , youll wear the widows weaves , because theyre just your size . 
Road feels rocks , sure feels good to me and if im lucky , together we all will stay . Happy sunday everyone :) 
Never loathed one like him . 
About to start making sheephearders pie then apple pie from scratch :) ending the weekend in good taste . 
Busy day , busy night , busy week . Story of my life . 
Apple pie time :) sorry < PROPMALE > 
Little Miss Sweets Factory tonight :) 
I wish i only looked and didnt have to touch .... I wish i only smelled it and didnt have to taste .... 
Finally laying down to sleep . On my feet for 17 HOURS ! ! ! productive day . The pain is great is magnitude and meaning . Ahhh . More pain in the forecast :) 
Monday is for the birds , but chocolate covered strawberries are for valentines day . I hope you all eat many :) 
Happy Valentines Day everyone . To those of us singles ones out there , happy singles awareness day ! 
What a weird way to start the day 
Its so bright out here ! 
My phone is acting funny :/ 
Good morning to study . Does anyone Go to the college of the canyons ? 
Wow . Just suddenly started to POUR OCEANS OF RAIN ! God , keep everyone safe . Especially in the burn areas and flooding zones . Scary . 
And the poking begins :) 
I love vegie chips . Guilt free goodness :) 
Gross . I need to jog . 
Is walking in circles wishing she had direction at this very moment . How retarded . 
EVIL TATER TOTS !!! 
The kitties are dead :( sad sad sad day :( 
Empty 
Theres a reason people keep journals , most likely because they know that most people cant keep track of their train of thought . Slow cook recipe for the crazies 
Sweater and sock kind of night . Would have better for cuddling and a good game of footsies ! Mmmm , cuddling ^.^ 
Mmmmmm , that slow smart smell of sensual serenity whiles sipping savvy . I loves me some coffee :) 
Oh looming black clouds increasing in density and size , please dont rain on me , for i have forgotten my umbrella a home :( 
Well friend , i will be without a phone , once again . So good night . And everyone should go outside and be awed by the HUGE ring around the < PROPFEMALE > ! 
So i made a great mistake and my phone isnt disconnected till tonight ! Yay ! 
Its a fulfilling life just knowing ONE loved me ..... 
Its comforting to me to know that some people will never change and on the other hand its disturbing to me that some people refuse to change . 
I hate falling asleep on the bus :( 
Vallarta here we come :) 
Fajitas de res . Delicioso . 
CKY to help the cooking process 
Cant you see that im sneering from ear to ear 
Life is like photography , you develop from the negatives . 
say it aint so 
study time . Anyone know any good practice test websites ?? 
hey soul sista I don't wanna miss a single thing you do tonight ... HEEEEYYYY HEY HEY 
study time . no really . just because I am on Fb right now means nothing ! no . really . I am a really good multi-tasker ;) 
prying myself away fromt the screen and start making my way back .... my eyes hurt . 
I'm all VOCABULARIED out ! 
such a long , complicated , busy and rainy day . pooped . 
Wants a job :( 
Oh my goodness . This laundromat smells like in n out ! Yummy ! 
Impatience , desperation and loneliness makes for lifelong Bullshit . Loads and loads of it . 
Meatloaf . Vegies . Potatoes . Mmmmmm . 
Rice krispie treats , homemade . Again , yummy :) 
The echoing of words unsaid ... say it aint so . oh my dear , my friend , say it aint so . 
Chicken n dumplings 
Love and other drugs . Cute . 
Its a good day :) i love my Opa . 
Excited ' bout going to the AV this weekend . YAY ! 
Lemon cheesecake ? Hmmm .... 
You cant save me now , im in the grip of a hurricane . Im going out , im gonna drink myself to death ! I brace myself , cause i know this is going to hurt ...... 
Let the day begin ! Oh , wait .... It already did . Huh . 
And I did just what i thought i would do , forget my coffee AGAIN . mumble mumble grump grump . 
Jaide is turning 7 in two weeks from this saturday .... ugh , and I'm broke :( make lots of sweets and all is well , right ?!? 
Is waiting to be immunized at the health department . This might hurt later @.@ 
IT BURNS ! 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>' tears cure cancer . Too bad < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > doesnt cry . 
Superman wears < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > pajamas to bed . 
Im in mud , mhm , yey yey , mhm , im ll shook up . 
What if i moved out of the country ? How different would life be ? What about Sweden ? What would my kids think ? Sigh . What are the American people coming to ? 
After pressing the button for the walk signal , I glance at the time and realize i am going to be too early and turn to walk away as a dozen cars wait for the green and no pedestrian . My bad !!! 
Mmmmm , butterfinger breakfast . Champions only ;-) 
Mushroom people . Sitting around all day . 
Excited . Going out of town with all my girls to < PROPFEMALE > out with my girl ! And her hubby and family too . You know i love you ALL ! YAY ! 
The air is so much lighter out here . Miss it , cant wait till i live out here again . Think Ive said that before . 
Its bright ! 
Home made refried beans . Mmmmm . 
Is wheezey 
If you can make a difference in just one persons life , then your life is well worth your mothers pain . 
Is brewing coffee . 
Loves driving . Now , to wait for the doctor .... 
Has an interview tomorrow ! 
Only the unfortunate have faith that their faith will bring them fortunes . How unfortunate . 
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals . - < PROPMALE > T . Washington 
Its easier to reach forward than backward , so why do we always search out what we have left behind ? 
Ralphs on Glenoaks is discounting beer . Miller , Heineken lite , Sapporo and something Ive never heard of . Back of the store . Have at it ! 
Thats my girl ! Loves trains like mommy ! 
Is it wrong of me to think he should have at least gotten the necessities before the game console ? Sack of SHIT , exactly what he is . BS . BS . 
NOOOOOO ! MY WHOLE BOX OF RAISINS ARE HARD ! damn it . 
Oh , Im good ! got on a bus going the wrong direction\ 
, got off the bus , crossed the street , returned 5 cans of tuna in vegetable oil ( gross ! ) walked out the door and walked straight onto the bus going in the right direction . smooth . 
Oh goldfish snack , all crumbly & colorful , how i desperately want to eat you but you see , my hands are covered in BUS GERMS , so I must ignore you and starve :( 
Oh my gosh . My arm is kind of numb , im hoping its not because of the spider i just swept off my neck and killed :-( 
If you could only see the bitch you made of me , held it in , seems you let it running free . 
And she leaves with someone you dont know , but she makes sure you saw her , looks right at you in pulse . As she walks out the door , your blood boiling , your stomach in rows . And your friends asks you WHAT IS IT ? LOOKS LIKE YOUVE SEEN A GHOST ! You walk under the street lights , and your too drum to notice that everyone is staring at you . You dont what you look like , the world is falling around you .... 
diamonds they fade , flowers they dont ...... theyve been knocking me sideways . i keep thinking time will take them away ...... 
One of those mornings . 
Children , dont grow up , our bodies get bigger , but our hearts get torn up . 
think green 
Everyone sails alone , but we can travel side by side . 
You know it aint easy . No words to describe it . diamonds they fade . Im telling you , these feeling wont go away . They been knocking me sideways . 
Coffee mate , your my only friend @{ ------- 
How do you know when a child shouldn't have a set later on ? When they shove thier stuffed animal into the pretend microwave and get mad when it doesn't fit ! 
Is it weird to really really like a tissue box ? Cause i do ! Well , i really like the print ^.^ 
Too late to fight , too late to save me . You may be wrong , for all i know you may be right . But it just may be a lunatic youre looking for !!! 
Of all the things in the world that could have ripped my pants , like my FAT ASS , it just happened to have been my knee . BS , man , BS . 
YOURE A HALF CAF ! 
So . Much . Walking . Ugh . 
Smash and grab at the laundromat ! MY WASHER ! MMMMY DRYER ! 
Take it eeeeeasy , take it eeeeeeasy ..... Wish thats what they were playing here instead of the incomprehensible DAME MAS GASOLINA . Grrr . This is not a club ! 
Last out and the hungriest ! So so so hungry ! 
Sleep , finally . 
I shot the sheriff , but they say it is a capital offense . 
And you could have it all , my empire of dirt . 
Thank you God for this beautiful day that burns my face and builds my bones . 
Sylmar in her best light 
Sore . Between 4 < PROPMALE > , give or take a few yards , and TRYING MY HARDEST to keep up with < PROPFIRST > and the INSANITY , i think i should walk so more . Here we go ! 
Oh my goodness . This guy is yelling at his lady and scraping the crap out of the bus stop poster frame . They are BOTH yelling . Crazy people on hump day . 
Scrape scrape scrape . 
Why am i not taking the other bus ? 
Lollipops for three , Miriya , Jaide , me . 
Happy St. Patricks day everyone ! 
After spilling them a BILLION TIMES I finally get to use my mustard seeds . I love cooking :) 
My mind says walk , my calfs say HELL NO ! 
Now if only people could go green everyday .... 
Bitch , I hope you step ON A LEGO !!! Talkin ' ' bout how I NEED new shoes ' cause my CHUCKS have a hole in them .... that hole means I love them !!! 
Skipping thoughts like a rock on the lake of my life , how deep they sink . 
.... and when the angels ask me to recall , the thrill of it all , I will tell them i remember you . 
You better cool it now , ooooooo watch out ! Youre gotta slow it down , slow it down ! 
Whats the matter you you boi ? 
Handing out cupcakes at jaides class . 
I miss the animals and the playground and digging up worms 
Is walking to fetch me Munchkins :) Yay ! 
In step . In silence . In < PROPFEMALE > . In the rain . 
It could always be worse :( 
Emotionally displaced 
Its a heine and death proof kind of night . 
Adoration is in the mind of the understood 
HAIL ! 
Sigh 
Yay ! A break in the rain ! Now where is my to do list ? 
OOF ! < PROPFIRST > HORSE !! IN THE CHINS !!! 
Rearrange your face ! Oh ! 
Whoa , heaven let your light shine down ! Whoa , heaven let your light shine down ! Show where to look and tell me what will I find ? What will I find ? Whoa ! 
On the back roads of memories on my mind 
They say a watched pot wont ever boil , cant raise a baby on motor oil ; Its like a seed down in the soil , gotta give it time . 
Soooo codependant 
Is there a song called reconnected ? 
