Im tired ... 

Yawn 
Coaches tried to kill us at football today . And i can't eat a sandwhich ! =( !!! 
HAY ! Thanks everyone who said happt birthday i love you all ! Except for you < PROPMALE > , sorry , just no . 
got H1N1 . temp was 104.9 earlier . 
La-lala-lala-lala .... I know I should be working on debate ... But I'm not . 
All done with debate cases ! At least for now .... 
OMG I GOT THIRD IN JV AT WHATEVER TOURNEY WE WERE JUST AT . 
THE FACEBOOK TRICK : press up , up , down , down , left , right , left , right , B , A , Enter key , then right click then press up and down and magic circles will appear . the only way to get rid of them is to log off or refresh the page ... IT WILL WORK ! put this as your status if it works . DONT DO IT ITS ANNOPYING AS HELL ! 
Yawn . I am sooooo ready to kill someone on saturday . 
In his favorite coat , immaculately smart as if invited-as if death were at home to him that day-he played a Frenchman's part as everything went < PROPMALE > . Robespierre who'd managed two whole letters of his name , began to bleed to death with a frantic stare while all the other suicides manque messily followed suit . But < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was beaming to himself as if to say 
Read the mote I just posted ... Comment please . =) 
Very briefly , this was the single BEST facebook status of the decade . 
So , I went to the house church in burnsville tonight ... Wow . Can't wait to go back tomorrow night for the youth group . 
Yay ! The Vikings are going to New Orleans ! I'm going to act all excited because I live in Minnesota but deep on the inside I don't care . 
Why are there so many people who are my friends on facebook who I don't really know ??? 
Bachelor is the sleeziest , most disgusting , hypocritical show of ALL FRICKING TIME !!!!!! 
I haven't been on facebook in like a billion years . 
I MADE SECTIONS ! Now how exactly does that work ? 
rfand . HAHAHA , thats what I get for sharp elbows . 
Is it creepy to subscribe to someone's status updates ? 
Im actually looking forward to tech weekend ... gonna have to get some sleep though , and avoid my brother's chicken pox . 
got a haircut . If you have seen it , comment on whether its better or worse than before . 
Great , great show . All I have to say . 
Sleep ? Who gets any of that these days .... I don't need it . I'll just be over here in the corner . Awake . Incapable of coherent thought , much l ; ess speech , but awake . And probably doing homework . But don't worry , it'll be fine ... Just .... FOUR AND A HALF FRICKING WEEKS !!!!!!!!! HOLY CRAP ! YIPEE !!! I just made my own day . =) ! 
Does anyone ever wonder how they come across as to other people ? What impression do I leave on people ? 
PAAAAARRRRRTTTTTAAAAYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Choir concert went really really well ! 
LIKE this status and I will send you a wall post saying something I like about you . Set this as your status if you are brave . 
I don't think that the fact that I DONT HAVE ANY SCHOOL FOR THE NEXT THREE MONTHS has clicked yet . I mean , I know it in my head , but it just hasn't registered on an emotional level yet . ANyone feel the same way ? 
Looking forward to a crazy summer . 
Ok . So I'm glad I got started working right away . No boredom , no re-adjusting . It's nice . And hey , I get PAID to work ! 
Going to Iowa . ( yay .... ) 
OK . So this morning I was ttotally psyched to go to Iowa . I was gonna go see family , maybe go fishing , and get away from my brothers for the weekend , right ? All good stuff . Mom made cinnamon rolls , and we ended up leaving close to 1 o'clock , me my grandparents and Mom all headed down to Pella , Iowa . So we are now 3 and a half hours into the trip . ( See next status ) 
Now I like car rides as much as the next guy , especially with an mp3 player and a few good books , but at this point I'm going just a * < PROPFEMALE > * bit nuts . So mt grandma calls ahead to tell ( insert relative here ) that we're going to be late . But HAHA ; The joke is on us ! Because the family reunion is NOT UNTIL NEXT WEEK . And now facebook is telling me my status is too long . In summary : F my life . 
Listening to sappy love songs and missing someone , what else ? 
Don't you just love it when you're just looking down your home < PROPFEMALE > for something to comment on , and then when you finally find something interesting , it's got about a billion comments on it and you're just like \screw it \"?" 
Debate camp = no time whatsoever for anything else you may want to do ever . I have not read a < PROPFEMALE > for recreation the past week , or even socialised wihout feeling guilty later because of the work I should've been doing . Like right now . I * SHOULD * be reading the constitution for my lecture at 330 , or writing the blocks that are due shortly therafter . But no , I'm on facebook . 
like this status and i'll tell you what i like about you , love about you , dislike about you , first impression about you and a confession about you . 
Somehow , I think that the timing system on facebook isn't quite working properly ... Anyone else getting this ? 
Finally back from camp , and now people want me to DO things .... Lamesauce . 
Equality is a lie . 
One would think a dryer would get * rid * of liquids when you put something into it . Oddly enough however , it did the exact opposite when I accidentally left my chapstick in my jeans pocket , as I discovered a few moments ago ... 
Is there a mute button on my brain ? 
If anyone just happens to be really bored and in downtown Minneapolis at about 1:30 tomorrow , the writing class I've been taking at the loft is going to be in the performance hall performing some of the dark fiction we've spent the past week writing . =) . Should be fun ! 
Just posted a note which everyone should read . It's something I've been writing for a writing class I've been taking this past week , and I'd really appreciate some feedback . Thanks ! 
I posted a note which everyone should read . It's something I've been writing for a writing class I've been taking this past week , and I'd really appreciate some feedback . Thanks ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Lynum , my profile picture is CLEARLY fork tines , not a shower curtain . 
is realizing there is music on my mp3 player that I have never heard , and in some cases do not like . 
It took me half a minute of trying to understand the lyrics to realize the song I was listening to was in spanish . Boy am I tired . 
just drank some of the grapiest grape juice I have ever had the pleasure of drinking . 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! I had a great time yesterday . To all those who did not ; SHAME ON YOU !!!!!!! 
What a wonderfully relaxing morning I had with < PROPFIRST > Fix and < PROPFIRST > Herskind ! 
You know what really sucks ? Looking for your won glasses . Glasses are difficult to find under regular circumstances ; they are small , and mostly clear . The problem is compounded when you CANNOT SEE A FRIGGING THING !!! Also , I love my cat . =) . 
Status = note I just posted . Too long for status bar . 
50 friends on facebook , but I don't feel like chatting . Its been a long day . 
is wearing salmon today . 
Is wondering how well LD fares as an activity when plugged into a utility calculus ... 
Autotune the sermon ;\ 
Word of God sounds better AUTOTUNED ! \ 
\ 
If this isn't a thing it should be . 
JUST FIGURED OUT WHAT < PROPFIRST > POSSIBLE MEANT WHEN SHE SAID \What's the sich ? \"" 
Holy crap . What a perfect day . First , 2nd place at my first varsity debate tournament ( Hogan McDonald does deserve credit here for my AC ) , then a solid nap followed by a magnificent dinner and a wonderful dance with a beautiful young woman . I have got to be one of the luckier people on the planet right now . 
feels a little sad when he sees a status with a ridiculous amount ( say , 28 ) comments . I wish I could say something so meaningful or inflammatory . 
< PROPFIRST > Beck uses fear tactics to control the public's political views . You know who else did that ? Hitler . 
\I am you . Unless you're a witch . \ " \ 
I split . Bleh . Still 6-4 on the topic though , so not overly disappointed . 
Ok , CIEDers , LARPers , I think I may have a reasonable compromise here . Deont , until the point at which a human would die as a result of your actions . Then Util . See ? Was that really so hard ? 
Hmm ... Homework , or facebook ? Which will Rand decide ? 
Mom's in the hospital with a migraine . Prayers'd be cool . 
Debate prevents me from having views on anything . 
Its pretty definatly naptime , and will be until 8 oclock tomorrow . Gosh darn it theater . 
And as one door ( maybe ) closes , another appears . Is it open ? We shall find out . 
I promote violence and cause brain damage , and have an insidious hold on the impressionable youth . I am a popular recreation for college and high school students and a gateway to dangerous illegal drugs . \ 
What am I ? \ 
Answer in 24 hours . 
\Nobody knew his secret ambition ; Nobody knew his claim to fame \"" 
Scylla = < PROPFEMALE > Potter ( Theater Director ) Karibdis = Rick Brundage ( Debate Coach ) . Except in this case its more of a Venn Diagram . 
So the story goes , I did well in prelims , broke , got my apple and bowed out in the octofinal round .... Ya , thats the story . 
Life sucks and then you die , am I right ? 
Just double-dosed on Red Death flavor Nyquil after another great performance . Love you guys ! 
I for one , had an excellent Thanksgiving weekend full of good friends and good food , and hopes everyone else did too . =) 
Wow . Does it really feel like a whole trimester has gone by ? 
I feel like in order to mean something I has to be excepetional at something . Noticable for some characteristic . Which is unfortunate because I am not . I'm A smart kid , but not THE smart kid . Theres nothing unique or particularly great about me . Except for the few people closest to me nothing would change if I had never been born , and if I wasn't then they would have a different ( fill-in-the-blank ) . What's the point ? 
Tomorrow , I shall write something . 
One SES application down , none to go . Booya . 
I really need to see some people outtside of school . It has been FAR too long . 
I feel REALLY sick ... 
Life is a musical . Learn to sing so you don't get cut . 
< PROPFIRST > Earthworm , you have just successfully wasted , like , EIGHT HOURS of my life . And I mean that in the nicest way possible . 
HEY EVERYONE !!! Read the story I just posted and leave lots of comments . 
Christmas < PROPFEMALE > is so great . I got a new phone , a new hat , some gloves , and some excellent pajamas . But the best part was getting to spend time with close friends and family . =) . 
It sounds like a really terrible idea ... But what if it isn't ? 
Nothing to do on a Saturday ? NO ! This cannot happen ! Someone help ! 
Suck to be an Arizonian today ... 
Who's got two thumbs and got asked to < PROPFEMALE>'s tonight ? This guy . 
Mr hayes says we can get arrested this weekend in honor of < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > jr , so long as it's for a cause . 
Just died and went to heaven . Cookies and cream kemps with a sliced up banana . Proof that God loves me . 
is pretty happy about his PLAN scores . 
If I were a speech judge , and the last hour and a half was the final round , my ballot would look a little something like this :\ 
Obama : 1 94 . Energy was a bit down , but overall good presentation and great content . \ 
Ryan : 2 88 . Poor presentation . You're also wrong . 
Should I double-enter ? And if so , in what ? 
Um , ya ? 
Is watching history unfold 
Voice is SHOT and it's 
Feels vaguely discontented . Not sure why . Things have actually been going really REALLY well . I have nothing to be upset about , but I just don't feel HAPPY . 
UNT perhaps ? 
( OCD+Depression)^Debate = Sometimes , in my quiet moments , life really sucks . 
was robbed yesterday , by my third round judge . 
Existential angst . Fml . 
Well , my ankle is the size of a softball , but gosh darn I'm going to nationals . 
So , my ankle is not QUITE broken , and I should be at school tomorrow on crutches . 
\I don't have a lot of prospects 
Terribly bored . 
I also like my men like my coffee , in that I'm not sexually attracted to either . 
