i need one more Binturong , speckled bear , walrus , red bellied wallaby , ruffed lemur , fennec fox , sloth , and a leather back sea turtle if someone can help please do 

Im soooooo happy . Im moving back home to Indiana . 
I need a blue crab , harbor porpus , and a red bellied wallaby 
i need any animals that any one can send me .... it said i need to house a total of 500 
I will be in indy on April 30 . Im so happy . I cant wait to see my family . 
Im bored and cant wait to get to my house 
I'm home now and getting my new house cleaned . 
im bored . 
Happy mothers day everyone 
I love my family . 
I love and miss you papaw . 
I love my man 
I'm so happy 
I love being here . I never thought i would be so happy 
I'm happy that I have someone that cares and will be here for me . 
i love my man . im happy i have a man that i can tell him everything . 
I love being here with my man . He makes me so happy . 
Im happy to have good friends 
sometimes things dont work the way you want them to so you just deal with it 
men are weird 
Blah 
Sometimes things dont work out the way you want them to ... so you just have to deal with it and try harder to get what you want or get over it . 
some ppl get on my last nerve ... sayin things and not followin through ... im done thinkin that ppl are good and will do what they say . 
FML Family sucks 
I'm so happy that i found a man that care's about me and how i feel , he alwase makes me feel better and makes me happy . 
happy that i keep findin my old friends 
bord 
BLAH 
I miss all my friends . 
I wish i had my license so i could drive ... i miss driving . 
i love all my friends 
be happy with what and who you have in your life ... if you dont have anyone at least you still have who you are ... dont try to be something or someone your not ... just be you and do what you do . 
im so happy 
i wish everyone lived closer to me , i miss my friends and my family , i love you all 
Women are more easy to love then men are , men dont love oh wait the only thing they love is a womans body . 
im am who i am i will not change myself for anyone . 
im happy to have ppl that truely love me , i love you all 
im so bored ... i want to go out and play pool and have some soco . 
I hate sending ppl a friend request that dont even remember who i am , or when they send my one and they are like dont i know you 
having a good day 
men and women think alike allot 
I wish ppl would think about what they say before they say it ... it would cause allot less hurt feelings 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
im so happy havin a great day 
its not looks that matter to me its your personality 
Im bord ... nothing to do , no one to talk to ... and not feeling well . 
thinking about my life 
im soooooo freakin stressed 
i had a great time with my friends and lil sis ... drank allot of soco and got drunk .... no hangover lol 
just tryin to relax 
i hate fake ppl .... like when someone acts like there your friend but you know they are not 
feelings suck and i wish i didnt have any 
thinking and i wish i could stop 
i wish it would just all go away , i cant take it anymore , i need a drink 
i need to get out ... i want to go play pool ... but im broke so i might just go for a walk 
confused , stressed , need something to do , what to do 
went for my walk ... now my knees hurt 
everyone i know from when we were young have kids . :( 
what an odd day lol 
ppl suck 
im sorry if your man or woman wants me but the thing is i dont want them ... i love my life and who im with 
i love my < PROPFIRST > 
sleep ? who likes sleep ? 
im so happy today ... dont know why ... love my life my gf and my bf 
happy with my life 
September is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who had or has cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did . Will you ? Prayers to all cancer patients and families . 
i dont know how to feel today , what to do , what to think about it :( im just here 
lol what a day what a day 
MEN ugh 
lol if someone says they have what and who they want in life then leave it allone 
im having a good day im so happy 
life sucks sometimes 
wtf is wrong with ppl 
change is hard 
not feeling to good today idk why ... not sick 
when you love someone all you want is for them to be happy 
lol girls are funny 
im doing all i can but i dont think its working ugh life sucks 
ugh 
BLAH ... thats how i feel today 
im glad to have friends that care but the one person i want to care dosnt seem to ... ugh 
now im just pissed off 
i wish being honest was easier ... but honesty has worked well for me so far today 
im just a fuck up 
no one is here to chat at 7:30 am ugh 6:30 in texas 
im not here today 
animals are smart ... they know when your upset ... know how to make you feel better ... know when not to bother you couse your pissed , and dont talk , they cant say anything to upset you ... thats why i love them 
wtf 
back in indy 
im so emotionally drained and tired ugh 
If im happy leave it alone ... dont worry about me ... im not gettin my hopes up . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softlyin her ear . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you HURTyour woman , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make your woman CRY , there's a man stealing her smile . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
im so happy with my man ... things have changed ... still not getting my hopes up 
i wish ppl could just apreciate real friends 
i know what makes me happy and i dont need ppl in my life tellin me whats goin to make me happy 
wtf ever man i need to find some real friends 
ugh wtf man 
it sucks when ppl lie about what they want and dont want ... just be honest ... ugh 
i dont believe half the sh ** i see on here ... lol 
To all my GAY , LESBIAN , and BISEXUAL friends today is national coming out day and i'm < PROPFEMALE > proud of all of you that wasn't afraid of being who you are and letting everyone know , without bein ashamed !!! I love you all !!! 
love can hurt sometimes 
take a good look at yourself before you judge other people 
im so happy with my man 
i think about you every day 
im havin a good day 
im havin an ok night 
im havin an ok day now 
if you have a wonderful man , who is your world .. Who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you .. Who works hard and would do anything for you .. Who makes you laugh and is your best friend .. Who you want to grow old with & who you are thankful for everyday !!! ? ? ? post this to your wall 
im so happy today but so tired 
im so happy with my man , i love him so much 
i miss my man 
I miss my man more then anything , i just want to be home with him 
i hate bein stressed for no good reason . ugh ! i miss my man 
im so happy to be back here with my man 
is it all really worth it , i dont think so 
FYI dont asume anything is wrong with my relationship 
A Veteran is someone , who , at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is an honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . - Copy and paste this as your status if you know and love a Veteran ( VETERANS DAY is Thur , Nov 11th ) . 
wish life didnt suck so much 
why do you lie when there is no point in lying , things would be better if every one was just honest and respectfull 
nothing to do thinkin about goin to bed , have a good night 
i love my family and friends , im glad to have all you good ppl around me 
mmmm Ms. Tila 
getting sleepy , only 7:30 , need something to do 
omg have you seen the new snuggi comercial rofl so lame 
AOCDRNDICGTO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THELTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOSNOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CANRAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN 
life sucks fml 
loving being around my man , i love him so much , life is good but i want to quit smoking , if anyone wants to get me anything for christmas just get my smoke away , it can be early lol 
missing my family in texas wish i was there 
FTW , its full of shitty ppl , careless , hopeless , POS , im done trying couse aparently its not worth it 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% will re-post ...... and the other 99% of people on Facebook won't have the guts to re-post this 
wish someone was online , i need someone to be here for me and talk to me 
wish i was in texas with my daddy and grandma 
cant wait to see my family on texas 
I want out of here already , I hate being here 
Love sucks 
I miss all my friends 
FML this sucks , I hate being here 
Im glad I know good people that want me to be happy and make me smile every time I talk to them 
I cant figure out how to chat on this phone ugh someone help 
Well it looks like ill be off to texas sooner than I thought 
im leaving for texas on the 6th , this is harder than i though it would be , fml , ftw 
< PROPFEMALE > had her baby , its a healthy baby boy , he is so cute 
i miss him allot but all i want is to be able to stop thinking of him , he dosnt want me and i dont want to think about it so STOP ASKING ME ABOUT ZACH 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same ! 
ugh this sucks 
ugh , i miss you so much , it sucks sleeping without you , not being able to see you , and even more it sucks that you wont even talk to me 
wish i could sleep , wish i had someone to talk to , i guess ill just lay in bed for a few hours and try to sleep 
im so sick of feeling like this , i want to just be able to forget 
im happy now 
im having a good day 
im bored 
if you truly love the other person don't just give up 
Im happy with my man 
Ill be back home with my man soon . Happy holidays to everyone 
im back in indiana with my man , he is a great man 
I dont need your drama . I have a great life and am very happy with everything . 
i would love to be able to do something 
wish life was better 
sorry to anyone that im chatting with the computer wont work right 
i hate the internet tonight 
im so happy i get to go to my sis house and drink with her , i love seeing my family 
ftw 
trying to make it all go away 
They say if you love someone let them go and if they love you too they will come back . I hate going through this . 
some people need to get a life . lol . If you think your going to hurt my feelings the GFL . 
I'm sick of all of the stupid shit 
FYI I'm going to delete some p.o.s people 
I hate it when good days turn to shit over nothing 
i love my life 
