52 days till Gen Con , cant wait .... wanna go sooo badly 

Only 37 more days till we leave for Gen Con * does his happy dance * 
Now that MJ is gone all young boys shall sleep a bit easier >.> 
23 days and counting till gencon 
only 19 days till GenCon , and only two more days till i meet my future sister-in-law 
my bad only 16 days till we leave for GenCon 
15 days till GenCon 
14 days till GenCon bwa ha ha haaaa 
GenCon only 13 days away , oh i cant wait , its been almost a year since i was last in indiana for such a wonderful time . Micro brewery's , Hard Rock Cafe , the RCA dome , and to top it off a wonderful 4-story mall , with a kick ass arcade on the top floor . ah 
Only 9 days till we leave for GenCon . bwa ha ha haaa 
5 days to go 
4 days till i take a vacation from this crappy state , its gonna be bliss 
Is back from gencon and feeling alright . Events of what happened today could have not happened but , they did and now its time to deal with them 
Need to play halo with firends again 
< PROPFEMALE > xmas 
I think i need to build a decent sized trebuchet , so that when i launched my xbox i can shoot it with style 
needs to game .... < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ... I will find you and we will if I have to drag you kicking and bleeding all the way there .... 
Behold , I now possess the internet .... im ..... so happy .... i could cry .... 
wants a new xbox 360 ... 
I feel like i could die any time today ... 
Went and saw Despicable Me , last night , it was pretty good 
got a few game awhile back and for some reason its telling me i have to have the internet in order to 1 . let it know that i was the one that now owns it , 2 . so that it will let me play , i mean whats up with pc games nowadays in which you have to have constant internet in order to play , where does the sense in that come into play 
Looking forward to a few games that are hopefully going to come out this year as planned 1 . Cryesis 2 , 2 . Diablo 3 , 3 . Fallout 3 New Vegas , 4 . Guildwars 2 . Now all i can do is wait and hope 
wants to game ... come on someone anyone 
I suppose i can part with one doomsday device and still be feared 
I need to start lookin for my stuff for this saturday 
Needs to get ready for Halo : Reach .... behold the jumpjets 
Real men have no need for clothing when it comes to cooking 
Laughs at his sisters misfortune when it comes to her mexican made vehicle 
Enjoying this lovely rainy day 
First day of second shift is complete , only 3 hours till i leave for the next .... sigh 
Second day complete , kinda enjoying the whole second shift thing . its nice to have some awesome music blasting behind me as i work 
Danced to some cheesy 80's porn music today .... yeah good times 
cant wait till this weekend ..... no work so nice to have a full weekend again 
Worked at plant 3 last night .... well needless to say these guys are a freakin riot to < PROPFEMALE > and work with 
13 hours at work on friday ... i feel like shit and had pretty much a shitty day all in all 
After a night offun filled gaming and slaughtering of friends in gaming , went to Austins and rocked out to rock band . boo ya 
As soon as i get the money for a new Xbox , im going to take my old one out into my fathers field , and make it burn , then shoot the hell out of it . 
Oh i ahvent laughed that hard at an anime in a long time , yes i watch anime i dont care who knows . I enjoy it . So yeah ... im done talkin now ... now ... no now ... now .... 
Yeah , just got done watching the trailer to < PROPFEMALE>'s \Thor\ " ... im not overly impressed so far . " 
cooking dinner , while eating monster cookies and ice cream . Good times good times 
Shaved beard last night ... im kinda cold now . But left the stache 
I wish i could cut the power to my neighbors downstairs , stupid ass music is loud enough to understand ... kinda pissin me off the bastards 
Its odd ..... being sick and all . For the longest time i could go years without getting sick . Now , at least three times in one year . Whats different i wonder ...? 
I wish to murder my Xbox more and more as it continues to take a shit on me . When i cant take anymore of it im going to blow it up , with a smile i am going to watch as it melts away to nothingness . And only then will a feeling of content finally come over me . Does that seem evil to you ... 
From what ive heard , we might be getting as much as a foot of snow ... that is if the weather reporters and correct which doesnt always happen . But still would like to see a good amoutn fall . 
