This week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but \ 
never met , or those we have held but could not take home or the ones \ 
that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or \ 
someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all lost angels ? For my < PROPFEMALE > 

So finally went in to see what I needed to finally finish my math degree ( 5classes ) and I found out I'd already earned an associates degree in general studies - I get my diploma in Dec .! 
Taking time to thank all the veterans . Special thanks to my dad , Ret . Chief Petty Officer , < PROPFIRST > Weiss and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > Fulks and < PROPFEMALE > Rickert- US Army . Thank you for Serving ! 
Spent most of the cooking , making meals for the rest of the week . Squash , beef roast-half for casserole , half for pulled beef bbq . Never realized what a pain in the butt pulled beef was ! Now on to supper ! 
Wow only took me one hour to remove all my old posts and activities all the way back to when I joined facebook . 
Lovin ' the note my man left me , made my day after leaving work early sick . 
Havin a great night watching a movie with my < PROPFEMALE > and his little girl ! 
Yeah so I'm one of those silly people that actually reads comments left by other people on news stories and this one really pissed me off . Apparently some dink seems to think that all single parents are single because they screwed things up and that they need to wait for the children to leave the house at age 18 before they have a right to start dating . 
Having a great Christmas so far ! 
So told the families , kinda . < PROPFIRST > just blurted it out to his entire family in the middle of opening presents and I just waited for my family to notice cause I don't like being the center of attention with these things . P.S. sorry to any of my family that I inadvertently missed telling . 
STUPID Element Mobile - All I want to do is pay my < PROPMALE > but apparently they don't want my money . So ... they can kiss my a** !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can I get a \do over\ " on last week ? " 
Starting to try and pick a date and start planning , keep getting distracted . 
June 10th 2012 ? 
Dad didn't get to sleep during the game this time - < PROPFIRST > kept waking him up . 
OMG flowers are so frickin expensive ! This wedding budget crap sucks . 
Just curious on what all my girls put out for their weddings and what are the easiest things to save money on ? I've decided I want to pay for the wedding myself , so I'm trying to figure out a budget so we can start saving . Anyone willing to share any tips ? 
Do me a favor people , the next time you call a customer service number and they tell you you need to speak with the department that handles your problem , don't sit there and continue to try to convince that person to fix it for you . I had someone argue with me for 15 minutes about getting her refund and that was after I told her she needed to speak with someone else because I didn't have the authority to do it ! 
< PROPMALE > seems to be under the impression that only 40thousand people are opposed to the < PROPMALE > . I mysef am curious to see what the REAL number would be if every single person who ever spent even one minute protesting was counted . i'm pretty sure it would be well over what mr < PROPMALE > is estimating . 
On hold with the IRS - * awesome* ! 
Great Taxact E-file didn't fill in my SSN on one form , so now I get to wait up to a month more to get my refund ! 
Grr .. why is it that when you just want to forget , there are suddenly reminders everywhere ? 
OMG hate dealing with stupid drama . Seriously just got b**ched out for taking a hair wrap out ! 
