hey everybody hows it goin 

WOOOOOOOOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
yeah it is pretty boring i like rockville better 
hey 
can you believe i got 2 years old im young 
dude i'm totally going to start collecting vinyl 
lol yeah i do 
Raise Environmental Awarness ! Watch the video i just posted on my profile ! 
Vampires are so overrated 
Do I really look like < PROPMALE > from Glee ? 
that random comment on my profile beneath my picture has been there for 2 years lol wow 
participate in my event it will be awesome ! 
hey who knows the new girls whole name ? 
ugh work out on the track bare feet i am cut up 
haircut whoa 
i didn't wear skinnies today . it was weird . 
i miss the individual seperation of my toes :( 
Tech open house was booooooring !!! 
Iced out lit up all the people on the street know .... 
lieutenant < PROPFIRST > , ice cream !! 
does anyone else hear a song and then later sing it in your head and change the lyrics without thinking and then realize that they don't make any sense 
is looking for fans for car madness help me out 
I knapped for two hours and now i keep for getting that its not the morning 
The third-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the majority . The second-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking with the minority . The first-rate mind is only happy when it is thinking . 
Yay my fivefingers will be here either tomorrow or wednesday !!!! 
okay just sayin my shoes are suweeet 
just got home after riding 5 < PROPMALE > along < PROPMALE > blvd and is drenched in sweat 
guess who can't sleep ! 
is going on a METRO trip 
only 5 other people are on right now its so quiet 
you know the worst place on your body to hit water at 25 < PROPMALE > an hour ? your face . it sucks . miss you <3 
sailing ! 
well sandwich ! 
lazy day ! 
seriously < PROPMALE > ? 
lieutenant < PROPFIRST > ice cream ! 
home !!!!! 
ice cream with < PROPFEMALE > what !! ammmmmmaaaaaazzzinggg ! 
Nutella 4 bfast yes ! 
new carabiner for my keys its ultralight for climbin whos hardcore like that 
blue roof 
im back from the island dundundundah 
So tired ! 
Best sleep ever ! 
Who knows the times for tech orientation please help me i lost the paper also if anyone has it i need the school supplies list for preengineering ! 
im secretly a kenyan barefoot runner 
14 packs of stride 11 different flavors 
Why do people hide their middle names ? 
im gettin a haircut ! 
i throw my hands up in the air sometimes sayin eh-oh gotta let go 
not gonna lie best profile pic ever 
mah hair is now short but no one at school will know the difference hehehe 
i survived the first day of school ! 
school is on again guys i just figured it out man crazy ! 
cage the elephant ! 
tech was actually fun today maybe i will like it 
arlington today ! 
double rainbow ! 
ooooh new type of fivefingers .... made for .... RUNNING ! now i must make 100 dollars ! 
my packages have arrived !!!!!!! 1 new ultralight tarp 50 ft of paracord and some shock cord 
lol im the only person of all my friends thats online write now erie ! 
my swedish firesteel hath arrived ! 
movie time 
so i was fixing my sink and i was opening the valve for the water while i had the whole top part of the faucet off and i got hit straight in the face with a blast of water 
man i was hopin for rain last night way to dissappoint me nature 
but he smells like ranch dressing ! 
so i ordered pizza online where i have it set to go to my rockville house and they sent it there instead of hagerstown lol oops 
wow those werent even ziplines those were like obstacle courses 70 feet in the air with harnesses it was intense 
ziplining again in the dark lol . and i didnt use my headlamp on half the course twas crazy . 
sandwich 
New Sleeping Bag !!! 
i totally own a scorpion ! lol 
looking forward to being a tour guide for tech haha its going to be fun ... i hope cant wait to see my fellow north peeps . 
72 < PROPMALE > on the c&0 im so going to feel that in the morning . 
why cant it always be warm outside ? 
new waterproof ruggedized camera lol yes ! 
But i want a dry bag !!!! 
i need a bigger arm guard cut my arm up 
i have way too many t shirts 
Beef Tongue good . Beef Heart good . Beef Liver GAG ! 
Goood fun sleeping out last night in the rain with a good shelter 
Heads up I'm going to start going by < PROPMALE > . 
bout to go to the rei customer appreciation day with < PROPFIRST > notarianni then were going\ 
climbing later psyched 
Blisters on top of Blisters . Wait that can happen ? Yes , yes it can . 
Gah twisted my knee Bouldering going to be down for a couple days . Also bivying it in < PROPMALE > Clearfield's backyard tonight . Going down to feeling like 11 degrees F psyched . 
Back from the C&O smelling like straight campfire . 
so a couple days was a < PROPMALE > optimistic just bent it too far might need to go see the doc 
This is for David : ????????? 
sno 
man i slept outside in my new bivy too to test it out in the snow there was nothing ontop of it when i woke up 
flobots 
lol laying on the couch watching tv in a sleeping bag a summer hikers day off 
tech kids should have off when every one else has a delay our classes are like 20 mins long so dumbb 
Ocean Bowl !!! 
nothing like a good run to clear the mind 
noooo ! i have to stop playing tetris and clean my room :/ 
If you're having girl problems i feel bad for you son i got 99 problems and a bitch aint one . ( not implying anything ) 
Haagen Dazs in Georgetown with < PROPMALE > 
Just got back from rescuing some ducks . 
Just checked out whip my hair and this was one of the comments lol : Phone goes ? of in cancer < PROPMALE > ... ringtone is \I whip my hair \"" 
Styx 
yay done with two papers and two nights worth of calc hw andd now working on , y west point bridge design still havent gotten it under 180,000 
Pretty psyched to get the WCTHS action team up and running . Learned alot today at the leadership conference . 
18 degrees tomorrow morning sooo biking 
home sick with the flu . sooo about to start a starwars marathon watching episodes I through < PROPFEMALE > in order . 
Green < PROPMALE > 5k tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > Brugh and < PROPFEMALE > Harrell will be missed . 
left phone in rockville buttt i did bring my car home 
bout to play all maps on < PROPFEMALE > wars battle front 2 because im that legit . 
The horizontal line test fails miserably - Mr. Deter 
Yo < PROPMALE > what the f*ck you looking at baby . 
shut the f*ck up bear grylls 
adapt or die was my motto before < PROPFEMALE > for the record . 
< PROPFIRST > - i love < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
just got home from the island now im snacking on some beef heart !! 
