miss the peaple i thought were my friends 

ahhh son a ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, ill kill you if you move 
more meds yyyyyaaayyyyy 
need some one to love need someone to talk to need love in many ways to bad i fuked it alll up and probably wont be able to start again 
play dead again 
HAPPY GOOBBLLLEEE DAY 
um i think im losing my mnd 
bored miss you guys 
dont really understand wy so many think im a freak 
ok im awake ...... wut now ??? 
another day gone with the eyes of but shadows in the streets 
thinkin like normal ...... bored alittle deprest ...... same old .... how bout you peaples 
still dont understand the paths in this life and how they may run together , just wondering wy we must go through so much find a meaning of salvation , wy must we suffer for a reason no longer existent or to far away to tell you its just alittle farther down the road , should keep goin or pass this oppertunity to ieze theses lessons as reminder of the pain weve gone through 
now were here .. on this road .... together ....... trying find a path that stays intwined ..... but we soon notice that god is the only one that controls the outcome of this histericaly fuked up life 
wy dont i under stand wy im such a freak ?? 
try to find a reason to smile ... its not as easy as it seems 
wy the fuk am i deprest all the dam time ? 
im so bored lol 
feel worthless 
explain this to me ... when you click on US for language it says english but by law you are required to learn spanish ? 
woot woot hello smexy 
< PROPFEMALE > fukimng happy 
tired of watching the ones i love slowly slip away 
im waiting for the pain to go away 
can i just die please ?? 
can life get much fukn worse geez this blows 
wanna beat the fuk out of someone 
AAAHHHHHH BOOBIES 
scared to dream because they will be of you 
yay !!! talkin to peaple i havnt seen in years 
last seconds resorts suck bigns 
every one loves slipknot lol 
cant sleep ... so much funnn 
im not sure wut to think anymore 
pick myself up to fall again 
jumpin on da showwer weewoo 
ya butt munchin toad licker .. wow thats weird 
bored out of my bloody mind anyone doin somethin intertaining .. not even sure i spelled that rright 
< PROPFEMALE > IF YOU DO THT SHIT I WIL PERSONALY BEET YOUR ASS 
need some sleep 
how did we start talking about tacs and curling irons ????? lol 
wonder were my life is goin 
wy is life so bloody confuseing ???? 
if i told you this was my last day what would you say ? 
UH OHHH OREO 
would some one freak if you took there wallet out of there left pocket and put it in there right poacket wo when they would reach to get it they would think its gone ???? 
sometimes i wish i could save you and theres so many things i want you too know that i wont give up till its over if it takes you forever i want you too know that if you fall , stumble down ill pick you up off the ground , if you lose faith in you ill give you strength to pull through ..... one of me favorite ongz 
how do isay this ????? IM REALLLY BLOODY BORED 
IWHS I HAD SOMETHING TO DO 
EVERY DAY WE SPEND TRYING TO FIND A REASON BEHIND THIS LIFE .. BUT SOME ARE TO BLIND TO NOTICE IT IN FRONT OF THERE FACE BUT FOR THOSE WHO SEE ARE BUT TOO STUBURN OR IGNORANT TO RECIEVE IT ( THE WORD ) 
i ... cant top .......... twiching ...... 
im not a dad so im not old :P 
HEY CHALI WANNA GO CATCH DOME LOCAST AND HOPE THEY DONT EAT YOU ALIVE ??? 
i hate when you say somthing the person your talking to looks at you ask wut you said aftr it took you an extremely long 3 seconds to say wut you had to say 
im the new cancer .. never looked better and you cant stand it !!!!! 
jumpin in the showwer hope i dont fall through 
mournin peaplez 
for every day you told me i wasnt anything for everyday you found somthing wrong dfor everyday that you yelled at me for doing somthing right ... shut ya bitchass up and drive your fukn truck dad .. thnx for maken life suc 
FATE FELL SHORT THIS TIME SMILE FATE TILL THE SUMMER LAY YOUR HAND IN MINE ILL LEAVE WHEN I WANNA 
need somthing to do ... some one i can chill with ...... that aint gonna happen .... 
hate it .. dreamin about some one i know i cant have 
down down down pick me up im fallin 
i hate sleeping 
just relax and look away ........ theres nothing i can do 
just dont care anymore ........... i dont care if you dont like me ...... i dont care if you find everything wrong with me .... i just .... i dont care anymore 
church camp wehoooo 
fina see if kevins home HUNTIN ZOMBIES WEEWOOO 
head hurts realy bad ... throb throb 
enjoyed church camp but geez im tired 
there may be pain in the night but joy comes with the mourning 
i hate it when you look at a picture amd feelings you thought you were over creep to the surface .. miss you < PROPFEMALE > 
feel alittle on the down side but ill be alright 
i feel like im breaking but for some reason .. i dont feel scared 
i dont know wut it is but somthin feels wrong\ 
im missin somthin or some one 
always feel guilty for somthing 
letting you see me for who i am is wut im scared of 
AHH IM SOOO BOREDDDDDD 
sooo booorrreeedddddddddd 
AHH I LOVE THIS LIFE 
seem to find faith in some of the weirdest places but i cant explain wy it feels so right but im so scared to follow 
will be COMPLETELY HONEST FOR THE NEXT 24 HRS . You can ask me one question ( ONLY AS A MESSAGE IN MY INBOX .... THAT'S THE RULE ) Any question , no matter WHAT or how CRAZY . I will answer no matter what . You have my full honesty .... but I DARE YOU TOPUT THIS AS YOUR STATUS and ... see what question you get ... 
birthday is in about a week or two ugg i feel so old 
birthday is august 5 th ugg 
do you beleive time heals all wounds ? 
were is my life going i really wish i knew 
ITS MY BIRTH DAY CRAP I FEEL OLD 
tired of the silence 
i try to make it thrpuigh my life in my way .. theres you 
dont wanna think dont wanna breathe ... dont wanna understand ..... to lost to care anymore 
tired of feeling selfless 
bored bored bored 
sometimes i just wanna scream 
dont cast shadows but become a source of light for the lost 
yay band .... uggggg 
wonder f i have to work tommorow 
cant find my bloody wallet 
dont fall away and leave me to my self dont fall away and leave love bleeding in my hands again 
ketchup : eggs = god food 
havnt figured out my place in this place called hamilton ... and im sick of looking 
yay !! for work 
i found my wallet weehooo 
selflessness .. my specialty 
11:11 make a wish 
i can understand alot of things .. but understanding you is somthing impossible ... yep you ... 
so many things i wish to say .. so many changes i wish never happened .. so many places i wished never to visit .. so many peaple i wish to nvr know .. so many regrect and objections .. so many lifeless days spend in this room ....... 
ok .... im bored ............ 
ARE YA READY FER SCHOOL gonna be a blast for one day 
scared to sleep becaus i know youll be there 
AHHH wowzers thinking ...... dreaming of things i wish i didnt want but i guess theres somthing im missing 
so lost 
everything change if i could turn back the years if you could 
wy are still in my head breaking my thoughts when you left so long ago ? 
some things and peaple may come as amazing but the very thought of choice makes you amazing 
FUNYUNS WOOOOO 
wy does it have to be so wet outside ?? god can ya turn of the water please ? 
looking for god 
wonder what god has in store for me tommorow 
neec some freakn relaxin time neve racked 
wy do i think of you when i lost you so long ago ........ 
must the worl change or should the peaple change there veiw ?? 
things to doo .... hmmmm ... pray fpr < PROPMALE > 
must i change the world for anything to matter ???? 
balh frekn blah 
i kow that your alive you came to fix my broken life 
revelation song 
stupid essay ugg 
listening to music frekn awsome aint it .... grrr 
stressin again 
i can get pretty freakn high but geez thats to high 
wy do peaple just all of a sudden stop talking to me ???? im not that bad of a person am i ? 
frustration and tranquility is a bad mix 
break my mind in hopes that maybe i could find smthin worth having 
relaxed but broken collected but shattered ... does that any sence ??? 
seem to be an odd mood\ 
cant find wut im doin\ 
my disease a skylit drive 
wy do nice peaple always lose ?? 
confused and not quite sure how to handle this 
another day here and gone wonder what god has for me tommorow 
didnt quite make it to school today\ 
feeel like crap 
a skylit drive = awsome 
tired of feeling the emotions of others 
ohh crap 
always get the feeling somthings wrong before it happens 
i can understand you but i cant understand myself 
im not sure wuts goin on in my head .. but ill find my way out of this box room i seem to be lost in 
doing dishes so if i dont reply chill out ill right you back soon enough 
wewoo im done 
sksk awsome 
fell alittle out there ... < PROPFEMALE > thinin 
eating thinking like normal 
so much is running through my head !! 
CAN I STOP THINKIN FOR 2 BLOODY SECONDS !!!!!!! 
im alive but yeah still kinda out of it 
im weird so wut your point ??? lol 
there is so much more that i can do that words can say 
evil fluffy lokk mwahaaaaa cough cough 
feel the world fall apart but you know that theres somthin alwaz there to hold on to 
i dont wanna change the world or let the world change me 
relax and know that everything is were it should be 
oww my is THROBBIMG !!! 
SLEEP TIME !!!! 
thinking that maybe i could actualy put myself in this relationship and maybe it will last .... so tired of being used and broken 
i aficaly dont have an eardrum left ... frkn OWWW 
getting use to not being able to hear anything .... really hope < PROPFEMALE > is ok ....... 
i cant hear anything out of my left ear 
thinkin about what i can put here to possibly give you an idea of whats on my mind 
feel these blades slice the skin and know it was you that broke this barier that sorounded me 
in a very fudged up mood ya know ? 
somtimes i wory about things i cant change and think to myself im just not good enough ...... but i know its not true ..... 
wanna bash my skull in 
just one of those days it feels as though im falling apart 
god must want me to play bass or somthin .... weewoo hope it alll works out 
i HATE that i cant bloody sing lol 
alittle ffreakd out 
losing my mind 
i wish i could call < PROPFEMALE > .. i ewish i could tell her i was sorry but i cant tonight 
just smile and know that im not goin anywere .... im here for you 
car i want 67 firebird yep yep 
nervous but i know god will help me 
try to be nice to peaple and they treat you like your worthless 
really Realyy like this song lol 
very how would say mad in a nice way ? 
HAPPY THNXS GIVIN TO ALL YA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
so stressed out that im laughing about it X .... D thats not normal 
STUPID FACEBOOK 
hungry 
:) frkn sweet 
courage the cowardly dog frkn lov it xD 
thnxs to those girls who cheated on me that used me that never really cared i cant care for theone that actualy lovs me ... thns alot yafrkn < PROPMALE > licks 
trying to figure this out 
< PROPFEMALE > thinkin 
when you think of something do not see it from your view but theres and the reasons on wy they look at things that way .. then find out wy they beleive it to be right .. then do this with every frm from every person .... but hey .... probably to lazy 
scared tto say i love hr to much lol 
numb 
stupid you tube 
and all will see how great is our god 
no sleep this is goin to suc 
even though i didnt sleep i know i can take this and do somthin good lol sounds corny ay ? 
frkn hate this medecine 
actualy disapointed .. not gonna see mygirl till the 27th .. merry frkn christmas ay ? 
can some one shoot me please ??? 
just miss my girl 
holding my headup hi because i kno your still there 
trppin over stupid shit 
its not always the fall tht gets you .. its when you get back up they get scared 
gettin my dose of country 
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis longest word ever man 
another christmas without family\ 
misss my girl 
im tryin to enjoy the holidays ......... but it hurts to much .... its so frkn lonely 
missn my babey ... dangggggg 
just another day fighting with myself\ 
so close to breaking 
thinking about her 
monchin on some guiter parts 
i wish i could say things i want to say but ... i cant find the words and im to frkd out ill say somthin stupid 
not drinking go out with friends or call me 
its mom cant get the curser to switch to my picture 
: .. ( the world is changeing ........ but it still hurts 
ACOUSTIC IS FIXED WEEHOOO 
let the world be my play ground 
im thinkinfg of band name and i cant seem to grab it ..... forgetting days break ...... tangled straits ...... chaind revelation ... somthin llike that ... im still thinkin on it 
YOU CAN FORGIVE BUT CANT CONVNCE THEM TO FORGIVE THEMSELVES 
i should have knowm the tides were getting higher ... we can stil survive 
let me take the time to tell you ask you and tell you of all the things you did not know i'm sorry i cant be the cure for your life you were always by my side by my ssssssssssiiiiiiiiiiddddddddddddddddddddddeeeeeeee 
i think i might try and sing at the next concert lol 
Let me take this time to\ 
Ask you , inform you\ 
Of all the things you did not know\ 
Im sorry I cant be the cure for your life\ 
You where always by my side\ 
\ 
Life spent without rain\ 
You will always be the heart in me\ 
You will always be\ 
The past the love the memories 
