is back in town . And freaking sick again . :P Hate being sick . But I am actually looking forward to ... numerous things . :D 

feels like crap . :P 
is pretty sure that life is very wonderful at the moment . :D 
feels the best since the beginning of the marching season . :D Not sick , not getting sick , and bubbly . 
:D enough said . about the whole week : :D 
... doesnt understand ... this is odd ... still happy ... with a lot of confusion ... hm . 
Mmmmm ... Lavender Chamomile ... Today must be a good day ... yes today is a good day . :) 
Bored ! Sigh ... on the verg of being hyper ... must of been the bowl of ice cream I just ate ... 
:D :D 
is dying for a social life ... besides house sitting , went out monday night ... SO BORED . Only talked to family today ... double boring . 
thinks that after 5 days of careful consideration and thinking , I might have a college picked . And mom likes my choice . 
cant wait for tomorrow . Lots going on . Yey ( for multiple reasons) !!! Now off to the store to buy dinner . 
had an eye appointment ( have to get new glasses with bifocals ) , had a hair appointment ( wow I had no idea there was that much blonde in my hair ) , cleaned my room , started cleaning my bathroom , watched a cool movie with < PROPMALE > , went to < PROPFIRST>'s for a movie night , pushed < PROPMALE>'s truck out of the snow . All yesterday . Oh yeah I'm sick again . Only been 100% for about a month this school year . Fantastic . Love my life . 
What a way to start out the new year 
Gonna go have coffee with my favorite person in the world . :) 
:) :) :) :) :) :) 
Went shopping today ... for dresses ... something must be wrong with me ... 
hmmmmmm ...... yep . :) 
SO CLOSE ! ARRRG ! DUMB SCHOOL ! Other than that though ... life is good . 
bored ... sigh ... people need to learn how to text faster ... 
Wow ... havent felt like this in over a month ... hm . 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) 
:) Aroma Coffee :) From New Mexico :) Makes it even better :) Life = :) Just as good :) 
wishes she could have selective mind reading , she knew what to do , what to say , how to react , how to stop thinking so much , but mostly she wishes that there isnt a repeat in life ... dont know if she could handle a repeat ... 
Thinks she has picked a college . 
Just picked a college . Acceptance letter done and everything . Holy cow . Now to fill out scholarship applications . Wow . OMG 
has a awful headache ... ew . 
has a lot to think about , to pull apart , to digest ... why cant it just happen ? Why cant it be easy ? At the very least , these things are fairly good to think about ... 
feels better after last nights sick spell . That was odd and ridiculous . It was way too hot in the gym . All they have to do is open one of the four doors and it would be so much better . Stupid people . 
Folgers does not compare to Aroma Coffee . Aroma Coffee is SO much better . Holy cow . Thank goodness for Aroma Coffee . :) :D 
is lacking in the creative aspect of life at the moment ... :P 
is greatful for the random burst of creativity . :) 
facebook is being dumb 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! :) 
thinks that days like this should last 
Now that this thursday is over I can be excited for next thursday ! My things will come in the mail ! YEY ! OMG this is so exciting . And pep band ! YEY !! And the Movie night ! YEY !!! 
late night last night ... stupid deer almost hit my car . That would have sucked , especially at 1:30 in the morning . And it was snowing . But other than that yesterday was fantastic ... Played for < PROPFEMALE > Pehgar ... that was nerve racking . And everything else was wonderful . Excited for the movie night tonight ! Wish there was pep band ... :P 
Meh . I think my toe is broken . Unlike . My brother blames it on Karma ... what did I do though ? :P 
is going crazy 
Arrrg . 
wishes it was Wednesday . 
needs a word that rhymes with M . Any suggestions ??? I'm desperate . 
best day ever , no doubt about that . :D :D :D :D 
Had a lot of fun last night :) 
Can't wait for tomorrow ! 
is FINALLY home . But for only two weeks ... sigh ... think I'm gonna go to bed early tonight . 
wishes there were more tolerable people in high school . 
Eleven hours , and ten boxes later : room is only half packed up . Oh boy . Looking forward to doing the same thing tomorrow . It has to be done by monday ... oh boy ... going to be a long sunday ... 
has spent all of saturday , sunday , and monday night packing . AND IM STILL NOT FREAKING DONE !!! Where on EARTH did I get all this CRAP ?!? One more day ... and I had better freaking be done ... oh aparently I have to share a room with my brother too ... mom said my bed is coming down probably tomorrow . Awesome . :P :P 
got dance tickets today . :) But today was an odd day ... and I'm pretty tired ... 
Solo and Ensemble today ... I am suprisingly not that nervous . 
just got done with Solo and Ensemble . Got a one on my snare peice ... and a two on my mallet peice ... I thought that one was good enough to get a one ... it was hard ... and Ive been working on it for more than a year ... obviously I am a bit dissapointed ... 
Happy Valintine's Day everyone ! 
Still needs shoes for the dance ... and mom threw out the ones I was thinking about wearing ... hmmmm ... 
Tie shopping today . Maybe shoe shopping . Maybe get my nails done . What a day . 
went tie shopping . Successful . Went shoe shopping today . Fail ... bummer ... 
:) 
of those of you who are wearing the marching shirt , dinkles , and black socks tomorrow , how many of you are gonna wear shorts ? It is supposed to snow ... 
Shoes ! Yey ! Now I have everything for the dance ! I think ... 
... wants it to be tomorrow at 4:30 , friday at 4:30 or Saturday ... pep band ... pep band ... dance ... :) 
Had a fabulous time at the dance . Pretty tired . Probably the best dance ever . :D 
:D Good day . :D 
will , as soon as her scaner stops being dumb , get some good looking White Night pictures up . Awesome job at the concert tonight everyone . < PROPMALE > , sorry the triangle decided to hide before Seis ... lol . 
Good day . Pretty good week too ... it should get better ... 
feels pretty freaking amazing . :) 
another pretty awesome day . Good week . :) 
just got her Senior pictures . Man do I take good pictures . Smile or no smile . 
wonders ... 
another pretty sweet day . But sometimes I still wonder ... 
yesterday was probably the worst day of this whole week . Until the end of the day that is . 
Some people get all the luck ... and the only thing the unlucky can do is just keep wishing that it will happen ... 
First essay of the semester ... that is so sad ... 
Hates homework ... :P 
doesnt understand ...... at all ...... :/ :( 
among the many things that I wish would happen , I really wish spring would happen . But then again it is only #2 on my list of things that should happen ... :) 
why do things have to be so dumb sometimes ? I dont understand ... 
Dear life , Stop being so dumb and be right again . Thanks 
Yeah senior pictures ! Break just got a < PROPFEMALE > bit better ... 
' s brain is going to blow up . Too much to think about ...... 
Yey for my Nikon software ! And White Nights pctures finally ! 
CBA really needs to post scores 
arrrrrrrrrrrg . Why me ? Life should stop being so stupid . 
I ready for tomorrow ... even if today has only just begun ... :/ 
days like today ... yesterday ... whatever ... make me wonder , confussed , angry , happy , bubbly , tired , sad , stupid , basically almost every emotion known to man kind . 
hates spiders . Especially the ones that decide to crawl all over when you are painting pretty things which then causes you to get paint all in your hair . Stupid spiders . Good thing you are dead . :P 
what a day ... 
has no idea where her new class will be ... cant decide if I want to have school tomorrow or if I want spring break to continue ... hmmm ... 
+ 2 longish days at school = Tired , add some Mountain Dew to that = HYPER ! Hahahaha 
... doesnt have anything to say ... hmmmm ... 
When should I start handing out senior pics ? 
Hmmm ... Prom ... no dress ... but no date either ... hmmmm ... 
is getting very sick of all the drama 
Random Question of the day : Could someone be addicted to couseling ? If so , how do you treat them ? 
Thinks the weather is play a horrible and dumb April Fool's joke on us all . OK ITS NOT FUNNY ANY MORE . No more stupid snow !!! 
to go to prom ... or to not go to prom ... that is the question ... 
sigh ... frusturated ... 
going to Prom 
Oh boy ... tomorrow is prom 
senior prom ... done and over with ... it was fun . Pretty sure < PROPMALE > and I take good pictures . 
just saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . Thats a good movie . 
did you know that sleeping for a 90 minute class causes you to miss tons of notes ? My psychology class took a quiz today that I didnt have to take due to missing class yesterday . Fell asleep . Woke up with 8 minutes left in class . They had done 14 slides of notes while I just slept . That I now have to get done by tomorrow . Awesome . GO ME ! 
:P meh 
random question : Why do we say we're head over heels when we're happy or in love ? Isn't that the way we normally are ? 
Never again will I think of \Release the Cracken ! \ " as what I did before that movie was over ... Clash of the Titans was pretty good . " 
Band seniors have 15 days left of high school . Holy cow . 
Found another grey hair today . Sad considering I just dyed my hair ... 
13 days , 13 days , 13 days . 
12 days ... thats crazy ... 
11 days ... 11 ... then life as we know it will completely change . All we have ever known is school ... then just like that ... its all over . No matter where life takes us ... it will be different . What a crazy thought . 11 days . Make the best of them . 
2 loaves of banana nut bread , 2 loaves of zuccini bread , and 2 pans of brownies later , my feet hurt . 
I like not having school today . :) No ACT woo ! 
Yesterday was ... fun even if I didnt feel good . Next time we go to Home Depot , lets not pay mostly in change . almost $15 in quarters , dimes , nickles , and pennies . Go us !! Seniors have 7 days !!!!!!!!!!!!! WOO ! 
is in a pretty good mood . Excited for this week . Lots happening . Really excited for Thursday ! Senior Countdown-7 days 
4 more days . I think I can servive 4 more days . And yet ... I am SO ready to be done . Apart from finals , I dont really see the point in going . I is having a very bad case of the seniorites . Go me ! 
most epic day ever . no matter how much saw dust i inhaled . :) 
Put my books into my new bookshelf , saw < PROPFIRST>' new house , which is like 4 blocks from mine if even that , cleaned the house I have been house sitting , < PROPMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > at borders , learned the hard way ( ish ) that someone can unfriend you and you would not even know it . 
' s camera is being retarded 
Tomorrow is the last Monday of High School . Ever . 
HALF A DAY . HOLY COW . I must say ... high school has been quite the experience . I will miss going to school with all of you . And I love you all . ( Mostely lol jk jk ) 
No more school . That is pretty crazy . What to do now ... 
First day without high school ... it only feels like a weekend ... and it feels like in two days or so I should be going back ... but I'm not ... thats a sad thought ... 
how is it that one person can be so gosh darn annoying and yet so freaking amazing all at the same time ? 
not only can one person be annoying and amazing at the same time ... they can also be so very very confussing ... 
sigh ... mixed feeling right now ... 
GRADUATION TOMORROW . How crazy is that ? 
Woo ! Graduation in 11 hours . That is pretty crazy ! I am so very excited !!!!!!!! 
Has officially graduated from high school !!!!!!!!! 
confuzzled ... :/ 
What do bulletproof vests , fire escapes , windshield wipers , and laser printers all have in common ? All invented by women . 
Sometimes ... I really hate facebook ... 
Good day so far . 
had to get a shot 
Apple ... or < PROPFEMALE > ...? 
doesnt quite know how to feel ... going with the flow I guess ... 
Crazy day . Officially ... sorta decided something . Now I just have to pull it off ... 
Very good day . :) 
is in dangerous waters ... 
hates when things get intense for about 15 minutes then it turns out to be SO anti-climatic . Lame sauce . :P 
another pretty good day . :) 
needs to follow the advice of \just do it\ " more often . Might take me places . " 
:P Stupid 
all of a sudden ... everything seems just right ... all is good ... the stupidness from earlier is gone ... now I am excited ... cant wait to see what happens !!! :) 
stupid ... :P 
mmmmmm ...... bored ...... kinda feel hyper ...... hmmm 
turns 19 in a month ... that is so weird ... that means I am almost a year away from being 20 ... which is the weirdest feeling ever ... and I thought 18 was weird ... 
boring day today ... but the excitment for everything thats happening tomorrow should make up for it . Lots happening tomorrow ... 
;) 
late night last night ... good times though . :) funny times too . FYI A Verizon tower is down . Service will be spotty , you might have service at some points you might not . Spreading the word might be nice . 
Just figured out that I was up for 23 hours yesterday . 
Woo ! Avatar in Blue-ray ! 
sometimes being a percussionist sucks . Sometimes . Like when practicing for Europe . 
:D 
just woke up half an hour ago . That rehersal really took it out of me . My stick bag was missing on saturday for half the day , then it magically appeared on a table ( that I checked 4 times ) on sunday . Standing for mostly 6 hours take more out of you then you realize ... 
Woo ! Excited for tonight !!! 
Man ... how stupid ... :P 
Feels retarded ... 
is going to be 19 in two weeks ... thats crazy ... 
spent 4 hours at the mall because my brother didnt want to leave 
oh my ... 
the next 36 hours are going to be good ... but long ... 
relay for life was fun . my feet are killing me though ... 
< PROPMALE > today ... Journey to Londan , England tomorrow . Wont have cell service , might be able to email at some point so if you really need to get ahold of me , do it before tomorrow . Otherwise it might have to wait . Might . Until July 6th . 
Woo !!!!! Facebooking in < PROPMALE > airport on the way to europe !!!!!!!!!! 
is home safe and sound from and amazing trip from Europe . Thank you all for the birthday wishes , I really appreciate it . :) 
is finally registered for college classes ! Woo ! 
is so ready for College to start . Anyone know where I can get a good , cheap pair of rollerblades ? 
my car's window got fixed ! Yey ! Took like 2 1/2 hours or so to get the stupid tape off . Next is an oil changed then the hole from that stupid girl in the back . And then it will be as it was in ... August . 
needs something ... but dont know what ... this stinks ... 
is going camping with the family . What new adventures could possibly come ? :) 
camping = crazy fun :) 
has a sudden and odd urge to watch a disney movie ... odd ... 
is in a fairly good mood . 
feels odd ... confused ... 
soooooooo bored . Found out my room mate next year is a Music < PROPMALE > and she plays flute . I am looking forward to this coming year . 
having a good night . hope you are all having a good one too . :) 
today is ... today . last night was a good night with the family . :) 
shaved my brother's head today . He now looks like a mexican Mr. Clean . Hahahahaha 
washed my car today . Yes , it was raining . 
is gonna get a pair of chacos tomorrow . :) 
Chacos . :) 
summer list : Graduate high school , check , Europe , check , turn 19 , check , camping adventure #1 , check , get dorm room stuff , half a check , Macbook , in the proccess of being checked , start college , yet to be checked . 
today = uhg until about 2:30 now today is better . 
Fruita Relay for Life = pretty fun . A few things learned . Lots told . :) 
ordered her laptop today . Should be here on monday . I'm super excited . :D 
summer list : Graduate high school , check , Europe , check , turn 19 , check , camping adventure #1 , check , get dorm room stuff , half a check , laptop , in the mail , start college , yet to be checked . 
happy thoughts :) 
had quite the eventful night . 
its crazy how time flies ... 8 day left here at home ... 
< PROPFIRST > Gibson combines some of the most amazing music with his and makes it sound even better . 
is facebooking on her SEXY NEW LAPTOP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
despite many things I am in a good mood :) 
5 days left at home ... how weird ... 
loves this new laptop ! 
uhg ... its like last year all over again ... thats stupid ... 
Mahjong is kicking my butt 
4 days left ... craaaaazy !! 
rain .. love it ... but not when its pouring so bad you cant see and you think your poor car is going to drown ... 
is leaving tomorrow for college ... its a sad thought ... but a happy thought too . I am ready for something new but I am going to miss all my friends ... 
never thought I'd want people to send me letters like I do now ... if you want to send me something , here's my address :\ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Richardson\ 
Western State College of Colorado\ 
C.P.O. 5768\ 
600 N . Adams\ 
Gunnison , CO\ 
81231-5768 
Dorm sweet Dorm . I'll post pictures . :) 
Fisrt college meal . Captian Crunch and juice . 
classes start tomorrow . 9AM woo !!! 
two classes down ... two to go . Plus a percussion ensemble meeting at 6:30 . :) 
how is it ... that I actually have TIME to write my story ... when I didnt have time in high school ? 
math ... ew ... 
why is it whenever I listen to Pandora or the radio it fits exactly what I am thinking about ? Its almost creepy ... 
always thought that college food was gross but due to the new college center here at Western I get the oppertunity to watch exactly how they make my food . 
bored ... 
uhg ... auditions ... :P 
dorm life sucks . First our lock doesnt work to the outside door , then the outlet for the sink doesnt work , we have a neighbor who plays bassy music at midnight , the people below us smoke a lot of pot , now our toilet wont STOP flushing . 
its crazy how one song can make you remember so much ... 
I love being done with class at noon . :) 
and I thought College meant we were Adults ... I guess some people cant handle the truth ... like the noisey neighbor ... 
starting lessons monday . Woo !! 
movies on a laptop , in the grass , at 10pm in Gunnison ... when its slightly chilly ... awesome !!!!!! 
uhg ... 
Unwrapping starbursts with our tongues to see if we are good kissers just because we are bored and have nothing better to do ... according to that , I am a pretty freaking good kisser . 
We have a lighter peice for Percussion Ensemble ... I can see it now .... All the music in ashes , the band room burned to the ground ... all of Quiggly Hall for that matter ... this is gonna be great . 
math is dumb 
theory is dumb too ... today is just a whole lot of dumb . 
cant wait for friday . it should be here right now . 
uhg . some people ... 
had at great time at Heartman's Rock tonight . I love the smoky smell in my hair . Tonight was something I will probably remember for forever . :) Good times . 
cant wait for friday . :) :) :) 
hates piano class . Waaaaay to easy . 
talking in the middle of nowhere about random crap while watching the sun go down and the stars come out . TONS of fun . Excited that tomorrow is friday !! 
feels so fing good to be home . 
* frusturated nosies * 
tonight was a fun night . :) 
Back to the dorm ... uhg 
Why is there so much I want to say but cant ? 
If you need a laugh for today go to Youtube and watch Skype Laughter Chain . Its the first video when it comes up . Watch it all the way through . It is so worth it . :) 
Uhg ... 
Coldest night of my life = last night . sorest night/day of my life = last night/today . Who ever knew camping could bring so much ? 
wishes Western had better French Horn players ... 
90s music :) 
uhg ... there are no words to describe this ... :P 
August Rush with a friend = good fun ... until the movie stops playing with only about a minute left ... we ended up finishing it anyways though . Good movie . 
shoot ... 
Late night conversations about the scariest thing thats ever happened to us ... interesting . If it was a contest , I definately won . 
oh gosh ... i think i am crazy ... 
dilemas ... uhg . 
WTF ? Seriously ... 
Ooooooohhhhh Noooooooooooooo !!!!!!!!! Of course ... 
feels like shooting herself . * bad words * 
Hooray for explosions in dorm rooms !! 
Dr. Waker was angry today ... he made jokes but no one knew if we should of laughed or not . On the other hand ... no there is no other hand ... shoot ... sad day . 
Hey FMHS Band kids ! Good Luck at Valley Bands tomorrow . You guys will do great !!! 
music : a complex organizations of sounds that is set down by the composer , incorrectly interpreted by the conductor , who is ignored by the musicians , the result of which is ignored by the audience . 
Ah youtube ... why do you suck so much ? 
Holy cow 
speed writing sucks majorly 
is crazy ... 
and thats why I dont sing ... uhg . 
is in a really freaking good mood . :D 
The giant W was just lit on fire for home coming . It was so cool . They shot fireworks and everything . Posting pics soon 
Looking at old pictures sure brings back old memories ... 
college parties = lame ... so far ... 
Dont you hate it when the one person you want to talk to never gets on ? 
Sometimes old things need to go away . That way , we have room for the new things that come into our lives . 
well that just about makes my whole week 
My brain and ears hurt from the concert . :P But it was a pretty good concert . 
sigh ... old marching band videos ... lots of memories . 
Cant wait for tomorrow !!!!!!!! 
One more class ... 
Saturday = crazy day . Lots of good fun . Im glad I got to go home . I miss being there ... 
Aural skills ... suck ... majorly ... OMG 
Aural skills needs to die . I am pretty sure my math class takes less time than aural skills ... Aural skills <====[= ( sword ) = o; ierha;nb'[oiebbvfrg\ 
Muahahahahahahaha 
I like it on the ledge in my room ;) 
and so it continues ... 
... needs a hug ... 
doesnt think shes ever been this tired mentally . My brain is so very done ... 
holy crazy cow . I am worn out . :\\ It has been quite the week ... 
I love being able to play whatever music I want !!! Its so quiet too !! 
people make absolutely no sense to me . 
OMFG 
Why can they test the stupid fire alarms when people arent here !!! OMG 
There comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama and the people who create it and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the good . After all , life is too short to be anything but happy . 
Good luck tomorrow FMHS Marching Band at qualifier !!!!!!!!!!!! Go kick some < PROPMALE > butt !! 
I just beat the crap out of that midterm . Hellz yeah !!! 
Good weekend . I wish there could be more just like it ... 
its only monday and I already wish it was the weekend . :/ 
Live with Intention . \ 
Walk on the Edge . \ 
Listen Hard . \ 
Practice Wellness . \ 
Play with Abandon . \ 
Laugh . \ 
Choose with no Regret . \ 
Continue to Learn . \ 
Listen to your Friends . \ 
Do what you Love . \ 
Live as if this is all there is . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Radmacher 
Dear FMHS Marching Band kids , \ 
Good luck this weekend . Sorry I can't make it . I know you guys will do AMAZING ! I hope you make it to Semis . I will be there in spirit . Best of luck to each and every one of you ! 
I love not having class . :) 
Stupid person who turned on the lighs during our lighter peice ... it totally lost its cool after that ... :/ 
someone pulled the fire alarm at 2 am this morning . It was freezing cold outside and was raining . I felt sorry for the guy who was outside in just his underwear ... 
sigh ... 
how can one day be so absolutely wonderful yet so horribly terrible at the same time ? 
Ahhh ! Its snowing like crazy ! 
Just tried to type the alphabet and typed ABCDEFG AB ... wow I am a band geek . 
Thank you person who exploded a firework in the elevator , which happens to be next to my room . Thanks to you I now have to sit with my window open , in the cold , until the freaking air in my room is clear . I really appreciate being woken up by the smoke detector at 1:30 in the morning and finding my room covered in dust from your amazing firework . I love that ! Thank you for making this week a butt ton worse ! 
Swears this week could not get any worse ... :'( 
of course ... why did I say it couldnt get any worse ? Uhg ... I hate this week with passion ... so very much ... 
twizzlers and chocolate to make the day better . :) 
words can not describe how I feel right now ... 
Feels a little better about life . 
is kinda hyper and excited and happy and ... and ... OMG 
As happy as I am right now , I know tomorrow it will all be gone . I wish this moment could go on for a life time it should never end but as the clock slowly burns the seconds away I know it has all ended too soon , and nothing will ever be the same however , I realize the fact that I will never forget 
Is in a pretty awesome mood . :D 
Has \Frosty the Snowman\ " stuck in her head ... I am going to be sick of christmas charols by Thanksgiving ... thank you Symphony Band ... " 
thinks that it is time to set things right . It should of been done months and months ago ... 
Ever have those days when you wake up and you just know its gonna be a bad day ? I hate Mondays ... 
Merling Trio ... Awesome !!! They end their tour in GJ . Go see them ! 
stupid people making me take piano instead of Intro to Music ... the one music class I was actually looking foward to ... and now I cant take it ... :P 
wonderful time to get sick ... concert on tuesday ... juries coming up ... anybody know a way I can get better by tomorrow ? 
I hate being sick ... 
Still sick ... today was worse then the other two days ... it was like a cold plus something like the stomach flu ... I hate being sick ... 
to go to the black light dance or to not go ... that is the question ... 
Ive been to better black light dances . They could of played better music 
Thanksgiving break needs to get here tons faster ... 4 days ... well 3 1/2 but still ... faster !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! O.o 
Is ready to have a night out . Maybe this will make the rest of this week better . :) 
Busy , busy day today ... lots of homework to be done ... uhg ... 
Eeeeeii ! Its snowing ! I caught 24 snowflakes on my tongue ! And one in the dark !!! GO ME !!! Lol . 
It should be tomorrow ! 
According to the weather at 9am tomorrow morning it will be 5 degrees . Thats when I go to class ... I must mentally prepare ! Lol 
Tomorrow is gonna be a good day !!! 
home . :) 
loves that part about today when I woke up in my own bed . :D 
:) Good mood . :) 
back in Gunnison ... oh joy . :P 
hmmm ... what to do for dinner ... hmmm 
is thinking about changing her major ... hmmm . 
Four piccolos ... ew ... sometimes even one is too many ... but FOUR ??? >.< 
Juries ... uhg how you make this week so very stressfull ... 
sleep deprivation has hit ... laughed uncontrollably during dress rehersal ... and danced ... and made faces at Dr. Wacker ... luckily he never saw them . Tehe 
Aparently there was a fire alarm late last night . I was so dead , I didnt hear it . Thank you jury week ! Nor did my RA wake me like she is supposed to . Guess Im gonna burn in a fire if there ever is a real one . 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood & invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for violence against children . 
t-minus 6 hours till my jury ... man oh man . :/ 
2 hours left ... eek . I cant remember the last time I was so nervous ... 
First Jury ever , complete . With a pass . Hellz yeah ! I got a full point ! Most freshman were getting . 5 . I feel so good about life now . Crazy exauhsted thought . But now I can sleep like a normal person . :D 
dont you hate when you wait for hours to talk to someone and they never answer you ? 
Should go to bed ... but family guy is so funny !! 
I love how I have a project due on wednesday and I only just got the topic today . If anybody has any ideas on how to explain cultural sustainability through Science Fictional short films , Id be glad to hear them . 
is in a pretty good mood . :D 
Not going to any more orchestra concerts ... made me sleepy . At least the Choir was good . Nice job . 
Great . Went to do laundry , got the washing part done but aparently the laundry mat closes at midnight or something . So I now have a laundry bag full of wet clothes . Awesome . 
hot tubbing tonight ! Time to relax ! 
most exciting , crazy , awkward night since being in college . ;) 
I love Gustav Holst ... 
Who the hell ever heard of a band final ? GAH ! :P 
Anyone got any ideas on how to memorize a bunch of music terms ? Flash cards dont work for me ... 
Of all the things I have to study for this weekend ( which is really not too terribly much ) I have to study for a band final . :P At least I get free music ... 
Woke up 10 minutes ago ... thats a little ridiculous ... 
Bring on the Finals !!!! 
Bored and curious . Who actually knows me ? I bet NOBODY can answer all the questions . First name : _____ Middle name : ______ Last name : ______ Age : ______Birthday : __/__/__ Eye color : _____ Nickname : ______ Favorite color : _____Best friend : ______ Favorite Sport : _________ Put this as your status and see who gets it right . 
Just pulled an essay out of nowhere in 20 mins . Go me ! Four finals down , two to go !!! And I hardly count one of them ... 
well this is horrid ... 
One final left ... in an hour and 15 mins then a little bit less that two hours after that Im gonna drive home !!!! Yey ! 
HOME ! 
Brother Sister bonding time = Zombie killing time ! Yes ! 
Screw math ... :P 
I love getting iTunes cards . 
Jeeze ... I havent been hit this hard in more than a year ... 
Getting music put onto my external hard drive . Im so excited ! Thank you Mom and < PROPMALE > ! 
Back in the dorms . Moved all my furniture with help from < PROPFEMALE > . Pain in the @$$ , my back is killing me . But my room looks amazing and I love it so it was worth it . So very worth it . 
So begins a new semester . Two music classes and two English classes today . Tomorrow , Three music classes and my Emergency Response Class . Dont know what I am going to enjoy most ... or not enjoy at all ... Oh yeah then I have Lessons , Percussion Ensemble , and Concert & Convo some time starting next week I think . Oh boy ... 
Reading about Socrates . Awesome . 
It was -14 at 12:15 ish today . This is the first year in , I dont know how long , that I have actually considered wearing a big winter coat . 
Just heard somebody orgasm outside my room ... wow ... college ! 
I know that it might sound more than a little crazy , but I believe ... 
did an activity about order and chaos in my Honors Gateway class . Now I have to figure out how to organize rubber bands in two ways and pencils in two ways and I have a list of things I cant organize them by , like color , shape , texture , content , etc . 
is rather bored ... and lonely ... I guess thats the down side to having a room by myself ... 
I have no motivation to do homework today ... uhg . 
Is pretty excited for MENC next week ! Whos all going ( Not Western People) ? 
Stressful morning . Honors 100 was canceled so the day got better . And I feel like I drank 10 cups of coffee ! 
What to do now ...? 
To be an RA or not to be an RA ... 
In CO Springs for the MENC conference ! Excited for the rest of the week ! 
I think I might have to brew a little more before I say how the conference was ... 
I already wish it was Friday ... 
Realized last night that I have like 300 pics fro Europe that I NEVER put up . I'll try and get them up tonight . 
its -15 * here with a low of -24 * and a high of 2 * HOLY CRAP 
Frame case essays suck . 
Good phone conversations . :) I want it to be friday . right meow ! 
would it be bad if a teacher tried to pull me out of class and I said no ? 
Too many things going on in my mind right now ... but tomorrow is Friday and I want to have an awesome weekend at home 
Is actually considering going to bed early ... its been a rough day ... 
I dont even know ... 
Yey for Orin !!!!!! <3 
Just did an application and resume in 30 mins . I think thats record time ! 
Mmm ... yes please . :) 
Why is that so hard to understand ...? 
Speed dating . Different ... but fun . Im actually rather pleased with it . 
Urg this is so frusturating ... 
Couldnt just sign my papers and get it over with ? Fine , make me wait a whole 3 weeks more when ive already waited two just to freaking tell you . Thanks . I appreciate the stress you've just enstilled on me . 
Too much singing whilst sick . My throat hurts a bit ... maybe I should of sang lower ... ah well I guess . 
For the first time in a two weeks ... I think I am going to be ok . 
Well ... that lasted like an hour ... maybe an hour and a half ... great ... 
You can only shed so many tears before you realize that one day , maybe not yesterday , today , or tomorrow , but one day ... everything will be okay . Thats a promise . 
How is it that I drop my external ( not the first time either ) and it totally stops working ? Can anyone help me ? 
Sometimes ... I wonder ... 
I want to close my eyes and dream of butterflies ... even though its dark and and I'm afraid ... 
Some people just really piss me off . 
Dinner then dress rehersal . Hopefully we will be done early . 
just got back from a pretty epic concert 
Bluepineappleberry 
Its snowing . I was content with all the sun the last like two weeks and now it dumps on us . And on honor band weekend . Lovely . 
Crazy adventure with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
We are so dumb 
Ooooh ... I wish it was spring already ... 
Had quite the night last night at Carnival . Quite interesting ... 
Havent heard anything about an RA position ... but aparently a lot of people have heard ... oh boy ... 
its rather hard to conduct with an arm covered in icyhot ... 
Still has not gotten an email or call about an RA position ... really dont think I got it . Guess im gonna fill out a room draw application , since its due tomorrow . 
didn't get an RA position . Thats ok though . Today seems to be a really sleepy day . I have my wrist on ice ... and two essays due ... this shall prove to be an interesting two days ... 
Damn stairs making me fall on my bad hand ... definantely going to be in a wrist brace now . Fan-bloody-tastic . 
Thank goodness for spring break !!!!! 
Well ... I probably have tendonitis ... doesnt that sound wonderful ? Uhg . 
How can I follow my heart when it's waiting around for the rest of me to make the decision ? 
I love new music . <3 
freaking internet ... it can kiss my arse 
I never realized how much I use the internet for day to day things until now that it is being freaking RETARDED ! 
Can anyone help me figure out whats wrong with my internet ? 
Got my internet working finally . Ran two different anti-virus programs only to quarantine something that came with the computer . Oh well , at least I can do and turn in homework now . Wooo ... 
I love when class gets cancelled . :) 
Is getting really excited for next year and the aparment my future roomie and I are going to have ! 
This is some < PROPMALE > sh*t ... I hate this so very much . 
At my dad's for the weekend . Got to watch my brother < PROPFIRST > westle at regionals . He placed 5th and gets to go to the state competition next week . 
BAH ! There are no words to describe what I am feeling right now . 
I hate that I hurt so much . It just makes me want to chop my freaking arms off . I can hardly play a whole song before I am throbbing in one or both arms . 
Made dinner with < PROPFEMALE > Mcgeorge for the first time . We made homemade < PROPMALE > and cheese and a < PROPFEMALE > pie at < PROPFIRST > Amsberry's house . Fun times . :) 
Has decided that a swollen wrist sucks ... especially when you are a percussionist ... 
Just got a free massage ! Hellz yeah ! 
I did the Macarena with a monster in my car because the voices told me to . 
This is turning into something a lot bigger than I thought ... 
Uhg ... I hate April Fools day ... 
Why is it that all of a sudden they all treat me like sh*t ? 
How can two people make you hate something you love ? 
Well Yesterday was a little too stressful for my liking 
Well , unfortunately for some peoples ' liking , its official . I am no longer a music < PROPMALE > . I turned my paperwork in today . 
Going to the chiropractor today . 
Never knew how out of alinement I was . Hmmm ... 
I feel so old ... uhg 
Snow ? I was going to be ok with rain ... but snow ? wtf ? 
Just got back from performing with the flutes in the flute choir concert . Nice job flutes ! 
Gonna take a nap ... and then ... I donno ... 
Really wanted to sleep in until 10ish today ... but waking up to the sun is alright too . 
Bored ... 
Well that was interesting ... 
Yesterday , A teacher came up to me and said , \Your smiling ! I haven't seen you smile like that in a long time ! \ " I wonder if they ever considered how pissed off they had made me ... " 
What is musical excellence to you ? 
Project ... What could I say about musical excellence ? Other than what I think and what other people think ? Hmmm ... What is musical excellence to you ? 
Just did a mass casualty in my first responder class . We hade 23 victims and for only 15 of us I think we did pretty fantastic . 
and so it begins . 
Home ! Already back from my chiropractor appointment too ! 
I hope juries went well for all you Western people ! 
sleep time ! In my own bed . :) 
I wish everything in Gunnison was as green as it is here at home . 
Spent the evening with < PROPFEMALE > . After a day of doing homework , it was fantastic . Starbucks , a game of chess , and a movie . What a good evening . 
Ok I need opinions from college students now . What does musical excellence mean to you ? 
with 4 days left of classes and then 4 days of finals plus one day for graduation ... I think I am a little overwhelmed ... 
Its amazing what one little phone call can do to a person . :) 
Today ... Macgamut , breakfast , Piano , homework , Theory Lab ( so long as I dont get a talk about macgamut it will be ok ) , study , lunch , final in my emergency response class , ventilations , homework , band , dinner , writting center , homework , shower , homework , bed . Woo ... 
Just go an 81% on my emergency responder final ! That means I am officially a first responder ! WOO ! 
Gonna try and crank out an essay tonight so I have the rest of the week/weekend to finish my other essay . Woo ! 
Amazing how a 6 < PROPFEMALE > essay can turn into a 9 < PROPFEMALE > essay in about an hour and a half ... especially when about half an hour was devoted to research . Im pretty proud of it . Now to get started on that 10 < PROPFEMALE > honors paper ... uhg 
I think I am FINALLY done with my musical excellence project . Thanks to everyone I interviewed ! If you want a copy or something let me know ! 
time to get crack-a-lackin with the packin ! 
Well my parents just left and took my only source of entertainment besides my computer ... My room is rather empty . I forgot how big it was ... ah well 5 1/2 days left ! 
Damn you procrastination ! 3 pgs plus four lines down ... 7 pgs minus 4 lines to go . Lurvly . 
Hoping I can get all of my english essay done before bed as well as most ( if not all ) my honors paper done . I may just have to leave my honors paper for the morning ... uhg . 
Damn hiccups . 
The one final I was actually going to study for is tomorrow ... and I havent studied . haha go me ! time to cram . 
Just got my certifications for Emergency Response , CPR/AED for Professional Rescuers and Healthcare Providers , Administering Emergency Oxygen , and Bloodborne Pathogens Training ! Im a Professional ! 
I wanna be in the middle ! 
Wants to be out of gunni but have to wait another 25 hours ... uhg 
Home for the summer ! 
Awesome Job FMHS Bands !!!! 
\Believe with all your heart that you will do what you were made to do . \ " \ 
Two grad parties , Sober Grad , and finishing off the night with a two hour conversation in my car with my brother . Good day . 
Just applied at Target . Anyone know any other places that are hiring ? 
Congrats to anyone who is graduating this week ! Extra congrats to my friends at Fruita ! 
Dear Graduates :\ 
There are just a few things to remember as you take the journey into a new chapter in your life :\ 
You are educated . Your certification is in your degree . You may think of it as the ticket to the good life . Let me ask you to think of an alternative . Think of it as your ticket to change the world . - < PROPMALE > Brokaw \ 
As you go forth : be careful , make a difference for the better and , have one heck of a time ! 
Uhg ... car troubles . I knew that leak wasnt just the AC ... 
House sitting ... not too horrible ... plus its money for a bit 
Lord of the Rings , Twizzlers , and Soda . Sounds like a pretty alright night . 
Just turned in 5 job applications , checked on 2 , and going to do about 4 more . Guess someone needs a job . Or two . Uhg . 
huuuaaaaahhgggggg ...... too many emotions right now ... 
Arg ... I just did an entire application to Verizon only to find out that I have to be Bilingual in spanish . Well that bites . 
Good evening with < PROPFEMALE > . Preparing for Relay tomorrow ! Now to think of a costume ... 
Relay for Life was last night . Much fun . Somethings learned , somethings remembered , but all in all , lots of good times . And now its time for me to sleep . ( been awake for about 22 hours now . But thats the fun part ) 
tired ... couldnt sleep last night . uhg 
Interview tomorrow with Fucco Motor ! Hopefully I get at least one of the two jobs there . If not both . :) 
YES ! I have a job . Finally ! 
Interview on Friday with Wal-Mart . Hopefully I will get a job there too . :) 
Two interviews with Wal-Mart today . Rather successful . Looked at who knows how many yard sales today for a table , chairs , and a bed . Fail ... today anyways . Moved an entire tree with my brother . Painful but successful . Work starts tomorrow . :) 
Who knew washing cars , sweeping , and mopping could take it out of you . I guess it makes sense when you do an hour of work in 15-20 mins . Sigh . Im beat and going to bed . 
I hate when I want to say something to someone just because I miss them and when I think about what I want to say , it turns out stupid or doesnt get an answer . Sigh . 
Good Party . I wish mine had been like that two years ago . Great job Andréa ! 
Work today was pretty good . Slow day today . I only washed a car and a half . And dried one . 
Spent the entire day with my mom and < PROPFEMALE > Waters . Went to I dont know how many yard sales . I am almost set for my apartment come fall . Just a few more little small things left to get . :) 
One week left of being a teenager ... wow . 
Two and a half days . 
I am now 20 years old . Two decades . No longer a teenager . Weird . Sorta . 
Good birthday . Got an iPod touch . Anybody know any good apps ? 
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes . 
Got a job at McDonald's . I start training tomorrow . Realy pleased I have two jobs . 
Bored out of my mind ... 
This was one of the most boring weeks ever . There is only so much one can do . Luckily I start work at mcdonalds tomorrow ! 
Just finished my first day at mcdonald's . Not to bad in my opinion . 
Long day at work today . Glad I only work 3 hours tomorrow . 
Is there a way to fix sound on a movie ? 
Today , a salesman made me redo the windsheild on a car twice , in the sun . Then he stole my glass cleaner to do the sun roof ( I was too short to reach even when standing on the step rail on the car ) . This caused me to be behind on my next car , making me rush which , caused the boss to come pick the car up & in my haste to finish the car so he could take it , I slipped & fell , almost on my face , in front of the boss . 
I never realized how hard it is to have two jobs and house sit three houses all at the same time . Luckily I will only have two houses after tonight . 
Feaking McDonald's managers . One more day . Uhg . 
Got a new phone ! Leaving for Gunnison early in the morning . Excited to start the new school year . 
In Gunnison . Almost done unpacking all my stuff . Pics up soonish . 
Just watched the start of the Bike race . I got some of it recoreded and some pictures . They will be up shortly ! 
Survived my first week of classes . Still trying to get the apartment set up so I can post pics . Hopefully I will be done this weekend . 
I am putting 397 songs on my ipod . Now all I need is my other 1000 songs and I will be the happiest person ever . 
They really need to put lights between the construction and Moffat . Too many creepers can hide there . 
Can't sleep . I can hear the people above me walking around , people outside are talking and my arm hurts for some reason . Uhg . 
The price of food really makes me wish I had time for another job . 
Cleaning my room . Parents and Jesus are coming tomorrow . :) 
Having a problem with technology . Someone want to help ? 
It looks like a score threw up all over my room . :) 
I hate when 15 mins before I leave for class , I realize that I had 5 discussion questions to answer , typed . So I hurry to get them done . Then I fail to realize that it is raining outside . Poop . 
I had a dream last night that it was the zombie apocalypse . For some reason everyone was hiding in a gym at some school but I had a safe house that I was trying to get to . I guess it wasnt too horrible . Except the fact that people were turning into zombies left and right . And the fact that I dont usually dream , or remember them anyways . 
Awesome concert by the Recycled Percussion group . 
I have 4 tests this week . One almost every day . Poop . 
On this day in 2009 I was going on my tenth day in a row of being sick . That happened to be the time I was sick until like Dec/Jan . And my section gave me cough drops as a gift in marching band . I loved that marching band year . 
So I opened a book just now to study for one of two tests that I have tomorrow . I have already had two tests this week . Anyways I open to this < PROPFEMALE > , and there is this diagram on the < PROPFEMALE > that I < PROPFIRST > on my test that I took on monday . No I wasn't studying from the wrong book . I < PROPFIRST > a diagram on this test that was from the wrong class . Sucky part is , while I got the wrong answer for sure , both classes were covering the same material . And I probably won't get credit . 
Everyone seems to hate the new format of fb but I cant decided . 
Does anyone have a really good picture of a front ensemble ? 
Peaches on a relaxing night ... awesome . 
Oh dear ... 
Uhg 
Bored whilst doing hw and finding names for my new fish . No one will get this right !! My middle name _______ , my age ____ , my favorite soda ______ , my birthday ______ , my best friend_____ , my favorite color(s ) _____ , my eye color _____ , my natural hair color ____ , my favorite song _____ , my food ____ , my mom name _____ . 
I think something is missing ... 
\It's not raining that hard I can walk to class ... \ " two minutes later ... \ " Holy crap ! F ****** rain ! \ " I just got half my shower from the rain . And now I'm sitting on class with a wet butt . Great . " 
Anyone going to be at the CMU vs Western State Vollyball game on friday ? 
So I guess Gunnison is supposed to get something like 13 in . of snow this weekend . I guess I am glad I will be in Junction . 
Freaking movie project ... its times like this when I miss my Vegas program ... 
For the first freaking time this semester , I go to bed by 11 . And what happens ? The freaking fire alarms go off . Stop freaking cooking at two in the morning ! Uhg . 
Good luck today at qualifier FMHS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Great job Fruita !!!! 74.35 at qualifier ! 
Every day I'm shufflin ' 
I hate labs . 
Worst freaking day ever ! And its STILL not over . UHG . 
I dont like getting two tests back in one day ... 
FMHS Marching Band- Much luck on your state journey this weekend . Go kick some butt ! 
I hate studying . Uhg . 
Dear FMHS Marching Band , awesome job this weekend at state ! You guys are awesome !! 
So I think one of the owls that < PROPFEMALE > around campus is outside my window . It keeps shrieking . Cool yet annoying at the same time . 
One very good weekend . 
3rd great night in a row with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Ready for one more tomorrow ! 
\There is no pleasure in having nothing to do ; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it . \"" 
Apparently class was canceled today and I forgot . I just wasted twenty minutes of my day . :P 
signing up for classes ... yey for ... gen eds ...? 
Id say there is about 4 inches of snow on the ground right now . Yey for the first good snow of the year ...? 
You know ... I never thought someone would actually steal something I wrote ... but it has happened . And I am not very happy . 
Sooo ... my bed totally just broke ... and being that it's almost two in the morning , no one in Gunnison is awake . Now I have to figure out how to put it together for at least one night till I can get help in tomorrow . What a great freaking day . 
I'm sick of being mad all the time . Anyone have any good stress relieving tips ? 
Well this royally sucks some < PROPMALE > @$$ 
Freaking fantastic ... 
