Last Year : Apostasy . This is the year for intellectual prime . 

About to go buy another copy of Fallout 3 to quell my withdrawl symptoms . 
Gotta go , but I'll be back reeeeeaaallll quick . 
Okay , back now , and my Fallout 3 Cravings are soon to be quelled . 
will be gone for awhile after I get off tonight , probably until either Sunday , or sometime next week . Text me if you have my number , if not , well .... shit , I'll just put it up there . 
< PROPMALE > Eastwood is about weed . Really . 
IT'S LIKE A KOALA BEAR CRAPPED A RAINBOW IN MY BRAIN ! 
Powerthirst is like < PROPFEMALE > meth in a can ! Powerthirst IS < PROPFEMALE > meth in a can ! POWERTHIRST IS < PROPFEMALE > METH ! 
CHRIST , that was the busiest goddamn day ever . I cleaned two theatres today , BY MYSELF ! And , some of the people in this town are dumber than a sack of dirt . 
I'm pretty sure the Deathly Hallows trailer just forced me to impregnate my pants . 
Christ Holland ! You can karate kick a player in the chest , but you can't freaking score a goal !? 
GOD FUCKING DAMN YOU SPAIN ! FUCK YOU ! 
Every sentance means something entertaining when sex or Jesus is involed ! 
Made a new catchphrase ! \Bacon the Bollocks \"!" 
My mouth ! Ith numb ! Twee shoth ov novacain (?) Blourgh . 
I bet you'd make a perfect sperm depository . 
7 and a half hours ! OH SHIT ! Lottery tickets and Phillipino Coke Whores for all ! 
Today is my 18th birthday , and I'm too tired to make any witty , funny , or even vulgar comments about it . 
To < PROPFEMALE > , Skylar , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > , Thanks ! Now , who wants to help me illegally import Cuban cigars ? 
Know what's cool ? When you just wake up , but your body's still asleep , and you can't move a single muscle for a half a second . Actually , wait , that's not cool at all , it kinda sucks . 
I hate apathy , its pretentious . You don't care about the American government , or politics in general ? You can get the fuck out . There's no use for hacks like you . IT doesn't matter if you don't know anything about it , but don't put your Gen X bullshit on a pedestal . Oh , and register to vote , it's your civic fucking duty . 
I just registered with Selective Service ... proud to be moving on up ! No , really , its starting to be cool to be an adult in the eyes of the law . 
It's good to know that according to a few ignorant jack-offs in my English IV and U.S. Government class , I apparently know absolutely everything . Sorry , I didn't know it wasn't socially acceptable to be more intelligent than you . 
I love how Abstinence contradicts Christianity ! HA ! Ask me how , people !!! 
Silver Ring ' Thing' ? Nah , no unimaginative abstinence for me , I like sex and debauchery . 
I just spent , so much fucking money on Sancho Panza Double Maduro Quixote Cigars ... like a BOSS . 
I just registered with the Libertarian Party of the United States . I'm a card-carrying member , bitches . 
GODAMN ! I feel demons runnin ' all through me ! ( Name the song to gain 15 respect points ! ) 
Those of my friends that know how politically motivated I am , and know I base my choices on logic , should take a gander at my recent blog . \ 
\ 
http://www.facebook.com/notes/brandon-steadman/are-you-as-fed-up-with-washington-as-i-am/113052652083113 
Everytime you have butt sex , you support Libertarian rights , like , no lie . I'm straight-faced seious here . 
They're eating her !!! Then they'll eat me ! OH MAH GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAWD !!!!!!!!!! 
That is ENOUGH ! I'VE HAD IT , WITH THESE MUTHAFUCKIN ' SNAKES , ON THIS MUTHAFUCKIN ' PLANE !!!! 
I think today ought to be good , we have a full day today , which sucks , but there's also the first meeting of the student organization of which there is no name for ! I have to be a wee bit excited there .... 
I said no , this isn't your song \ 
We can't all get along \ 
It's too hard to hold hands when your hands are fists \ 
My hate pop won't ever stop \ 
I'm fucking glad we're different \ 
This is my hate American style . 
Aha , getting on live chatrooms and getting the models to do wierd stuff is the greatest wastse of my time ! 
ITS A TRAP !!! -Admiral Ackbar 
Racial slurs ! Racial slurs ERRWHERE ! 
Hello Mrs. Catastrophy , you're looking quite RAUNCHY today ! 
I think that was meant to go up your ass , < PROPFIRST > . 
\What do you mean I don't believe in God ? I talk to him everyday ! \ " Name the song for brownie points . " 
Happy Patriot's Day everyone , I was kinda dismayed to see the lack of recognition around town today , but , still , remember those heroes on Flight 93 , and the brave emergency responders of New York City and Washington D.C. 
There are so many Christian youth groups around town ... where are the Islamic ones ? I'd go there ..... 
I know this is my third go at Religion today , but , what's with all these \Press like if you believe in God buttons\ " ? How do you make one ? I need to start a secular one . " 
Knowing what you do about me , how many of you would vote for me if I ran for some sort of political office in a few years ? Hmm ? 
Anyone who's interested in the Political Awareness group we've started up at Riverdale can join by going by Mrs. Beltran's portable , P-9 , tomorrow . I'm pretty sure she can hold off on sending the sign-up sheet up to Mr. < PROPMALE > for a couple more days . 
Ah , good ' ole Subject 16 .... he repainted my room , you know . WITH HIS BLOOD . 
Why is < PROPFIRST > Vick on My \People I May Know \"?" 
There's apparently an Anti-Mosque rally tomorrow on the square opposing the Mosque being built here in Murfreesboro . Anyone want to give me a ride so I can counter-protest ? We need to stop this shit . They went through the proper channels , LET THEM BUILD THE FUCKING MOSQUE ! 
Paid for by the fresh-ass comission for new booty . 
Oh man , American Government tomorrow . Ready for another round of intellectual immaturity ? 
Anyone want to protest with me today on behalf of the new Mosque here ? Anyone have a car ? 
All the members of the Civic Engagemant Club , we have a meeting tomorrow at 3 in P-9 . I don't know how many of you are on my friends list , since I didn't get to see the sign-up sheet . So yeah , be there or be .... not ..... there . 
The only thing I ever really knew , was the extent of my own ignorance . 
\It's not how big your pencil is ; it's how you write your name . \ " - < PROPMALE > Mustaine " 
I did my research , and I stand corrected in my opinion . I completely support the building of the Mosque in NYC . There is absolutely nothing wrong with it . 
Good < PROPMALE > that I'm going to Egypt next Summer for three weeks , with < PROPFIRST > and his grandfather if things go my way .... 
I wish I had the bling to dress like Biggie tomorrow . 
This , is most certainly , going to be a day for Hustlin ' . 
How common of a names is < PROPFIRST > Brown ? What the hell , I'd love to be < PROPFIRST > Brown , I'd get royalty checks for being the singer , and paid to be in the NFL . 
I need a job , so I can get insurance ( and preferrably a car ) . I've got a bitch-itch that only < PROPMALE>'s club can scratch . Maybe a Perdomo Patriarch on the too-long drive there . 
Has anyone else seen the reference to Viagra that < PROPFIRST > in the Box just made ? 
I'll be waking up to fifteen concubines tomorrow morning . God bless the Arab world for willing bellydancers . 
Hey , < PROPFEMALE > , its whatever . Delete me , it shows you being wrong in your intolerance . 
I need to get off . I've contracted Facebook poison . Can't wait for this weekend , to earn a hundred fucking dollars . ( The sad thing is , more that 70% of that is going to Cigars . ) 
My name's < PROPFIRST > , and I like makin ' love with the lights on . 
Hey , Facebookers , by a show of comments , how many of you are okay with the government going through our Facebook , Twitter , or Myspace accounts like its their business ? 
I really love this country , you know why ? I just saw a commercial for a douche , condoms , and a vibrater , one after another . 
I really , really hate this . HATE this . It ruins my day . I hate waking up in the morning , eating a good breakfast , then logging on Facebook and having my news feed full of ignorant fucks who don't know how to spell shit right , or even use punctuation . It takes the piss out of my mornings . 
I've just discovered that I am a beast at painting houses . Next , pressure-washing . Wish me luck in not blowing my fingers off in a stream of water at 1,300 pounds of pressure . 
I don't like you , Indianapolis . I just don't like you . 
Early voting starts in two days , buuuut , I have no idea who to vote for . Every single canidate , is anti-abortion , or anti-gay rights , or both . I can't vote in good conciousness for either of those ! 
I found me a candidate for House of Rep. ! I finally found a pro-choice and pro-gay rights . One that even has a < PROPMALE > of getting a victory ! Now I can actually vote and feel awesome about it ! 
Let me put it this way , world . If the Vikings lose to the Jets tonight , I'll cut a baby in the face with a fucking key . 
Suuuumbitch . Last night pissed me off . I DID , however , get back in my routine of Night and Morning meditations . I'm proud of myself , and I feel calmer than ever , despite the upsetting Viking's loss . 
Did his civic duty today . Proud to be an American . 
I went to the Smyrna-Lavergne game last night . I didn't even have to stay the whole game , it was 45 to 0 Smyrna when I left . I swear , Lavergne got REAL ghetto . 
Always vote for principle , though you may vote alone , and you may < PROPFEMALE > the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost . -John < PROPMALE > Adams 
Everyone's applying for college and shiz . I need to get on that . 
FOOTBALL !!! 
Like this and I'll tell you what I'll let my trained Russian war bear do to you . 
I never pass up free lunch !... OR A BIG-ASS BITCH . 
HEY ERRBODY !!! Anyone who is interested , this Thursday , the 21st , wear something Grey to support the spirit of freedom in the country ! The Religious right is still trying to take away a woman's right to abort pregnancy . Apathy will only help these people ! Stand up , and be counted on the side of Choice ! 
Got your grey ready ? The constitution needs us . Pro-Choice is a right in the < PROPMALE > of Rights , and maybe it'd be a good thing if some of these Pro-life advocates understood that document . Also , I have an anti-discrimination day for Islam on here too . 
Supporters of < PROPFEMALE > ! Remember , wear grey tomorrow to show advocacy on behalf of choice ! 
FUCK JESUS . THAT IS ALL . 
Fuck the following things and people ; Jesus , GOD , The Tea Party , right wing extremists , big government conservatives , uneducated Christians , actually , religion in general , and people who think that their religion gives them moral superiority . By definition , I'd be morally superior to them for thinking that . 
CHRISTIANITY : The belief in a cosmic Jewish zombie who is also his own father , who commands you to symbollically eat his flesh and profess your reverance to him , so he can banish an evil force from your soul that has been present in Mankind since a rib-woman was told by a talking snake to eat from a magical tree 6,000 years ago , and to believe absolutely without question that these things are true . 
' s Brother just told him he's going to burn in Hell . That's gotta be something coming from a Buddhist ! 
Assuming that was directed at me , I can say what I want to , becuase I am me and not you . The time has long since passed when your faith had control over what people say . Your argument is not persuasive , becuase it is impossible to bash my religion . ( Stating a fact , not displaying arrogance . ) 
So that was directed at me . Wonderful . Try and understand what I'm saying about your faith before you come at me with this crap . 
Okay , wether you attack me with comments , messages , wall posts , or the odd choice of a status update , I'm tired of it . I'm not attacking any of you , and you are the ones drawing first blood . If you don't like what I have to say about religion , then don't read it . Come at me with this again , and I take the gloves off . 
Your faith in not thinking is making me start to lose hope in humanity . 
This storm should put an interesting twist on an apparently boring day . 
I feel like Grand Funk Railroad-\We're An American Band \"" 
Smart move . You know this is to you . 
I sent an invitation to you all for my group . Accept it if you're interested , if not , then don't , I suppose . 
Why does the religion of a candidate matter ? Their faith is in no way a reflection of their morals . 
I don't care if you didn't even want to vote , it just means you can't complain for the next two years . 
You are contractually obligated to get weird . 
I feel absolutely brilliant today . The weather is near perfect , cold gives my head a certain clarity . I feel that all my endeavors today will be successful . 
Those who have pledged to participate in combating Islamaphobia , remember to wear black tomorrow ! 
Last night was fun , however bad the hypothermia I contracted is . Hearing some of the conversations I did at Smyrna's game , and the writing prompt in English have given my long-stalled anti-religious book a shot in the arm . 
Its cool that I can say the things I say and get away with it . Just think if I were alive three hundred years ago ... I'd be burned at the stake . 
Its ironic that I have to take a break from writing this book , to go to church . Very ironic , indeed . On a related note , the religions covered in my book will include as many as I can list , not just Christianity , Islam , Judaism , Hinduism , or Buddhism . 
Civic Engagement Members , or , at least the ones I have on Facebook , we have pictures tomorrow , don't forget . 
Good day , overall . Didn't like what you had to say to me when I got on , but , other than that , an great start to the week . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > more than any other country in this world , and , exactly for this reason , I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually . - < PROPFIRST > A . Baldwin 
\Many of us saw religion as harmless nonsense . Beliefs\ 
How many Feminists does it take to change a light bulb ? \ 
It doesn't matter ! Feminists can't change anything ! 
BAM ! That was my brain exploding . College is both confusing and terrifying . Someone entertain me , I'm far too dead to do it myself . 
I like what Cthulu just did to < PROPFIRST > Bieber . 
Its an orgy ... I want in . 
Top Six Reasons Why Beer Is Better Than Jesus\ 
6 . Beer has never caused a < PROPMALE > war . \ 
5 . Nobody's ever been burned at the stake , hanged , or tortured to death over his brand of beer . \ 
4 . You don't have to wait 2,000 + years for a second beer . \ 
3 . There are laws saying that beer labels can't lie to you . \ 
2 . You can prove you have a beer . \ 
1 . If you have devoted your life to beer , there are groups to help you stop . 
Top Six Reasons Why Beer Is Better Than Jesus6 . Beer has never caused a < PROPMALE > war . 5 . Nobody's ever been burned at the stake , hanged , or tortured to death over his brand of beer . ... 4 . You don't have to wait 2,000 + years for a second beer . 3 . There are laws saying that beer labels can't lie to you . 2 . You can prove you have a beer . 1 . If you have devoted your life to beer , there are groups to help you stop . 
\I don't need Women . Not when I have eggnog and porn . \"" 
\ Feminism is doomed to failure because it is based on an attempt to repeal and restructure human nature . \"- Phyllis Schlafly " 
Shopping around for a pistol ... think I might buy my Dad's Makarov 380 off of him ... 
Someone just sent me an invitation for W . O . C . ' s Infinity youth group . I think its funny that the < PROPFEMALE > lists their political views as The Republican party . That means that if I were to report that to the I.R.S. , World Outreach Church could lose their tax exemption . Or the < PROPFEMALE > would have to be deleted or changed . Oh , what to do ..... 
Goddamn , I can't wait to get my hands on this freaking Makarov ... 
I have four hours and twenty one minutes until I have to get up to work a retail store for Black Friday . BOLLOCKS . 
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUdge . It hurts to walk . 
So I'm walking down the aisle at Shoe Carnival , and this Amish guy taps my shoulder to ask me a question . I turn around and we just froze . IT WAS LIKE LOOKING IN A FREAKING MIRROR . 
So I'm walking down the aisle at Shoe Carnival , and this Amish guy taps my shoulder to ask me a question . I turn around and we just froze . IT WAS LIKE LOOKING IN A FREAKING MIRROR 
Conscience , I say , not thine own , but of the other : for why is my < PROPFEMALE > judged of another man's conscience ? - 1 Corinthians 10:29 ( KJV ) 
Rest In Peace , < PROPFIRST > Fraser < PROPMALE > . ( November 23 , 1943-November 21 , 2010 . ) 
Rest In Peace , < PROPFIRST > Fraser < PROPMALE > , founder of the Libertarian Party U.S.A. ( November 23 , 1943-November 21 , 2010 . ) 
Its December ? CRAP ! I forgot to wake Greenday up ! 
Me and < PROPFIRST > Hale caused < PROPMALE > Sitnicoff to have a meltdown in 7th today . Pure Gold . My actions this week has earned me the title of Lord Father Thug Nasty , Ph . d of Political Science and Supreme douche-bag for life . 
Pretty sure the Titans caused me to vomit today . 
That was it , right there . That interception spells Playoff Denial for the Titans . 
Rule 13 : An excellent work ethic is a huge part of what makes a man , a man . We should all folow this to the letter . 
The NFL has just , not gone my way recently .... at all . 
My Super Bowl prediction : Patriots v . Falcons . 
Holy FUCK . Tech N9ne is the shit . 
Thug Nasty sees all , knows all , and will judge all . ( He also likes egg nog , football , and petty flattering , but its not likely to get you much of anywhere . ) 
Thug Nasty just drained the Hell out of his bank account . Hooray for Christmas spirit . He also had a lively conversation with the cashier at Hibbet's Sporting Good's Store about predictions for tomorrow night's game . 
This time of year brings out an odd side of me , one I'm a bit too familiar with . I'm not too sure I like it . 
We've got everything , down to a science , so I guess we know everything . 
Article 80 : Participants must shower before riding the Tricycle , and definitely after . 
Everyone will look up to you . ONCE YOU REMOVE THEIR LEGS . 
Damn ! Its loud as Hell in Seattle tonight ! 
My picks are ; Seahawks and Eagles for the NFC Championships , Cheifs and Patriots for the AFC . 
\Blasphemy is a victimless crime . \"" 
I have finally attained the logical reasoning to destroy the debate of the existence of God , with a single question . 
Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
Oh man , If I didn't hate Ohio State so much , I'd feel bad . 
Seatbelts : My tatoo's worst enemy . 
Hey , Eagles ? I'd like to see these Cheese heads knocked out of the playoffs , you know ? 
I don't regret the Rape Eagle . Perhaps I should save up for another ...? 
I didn't really think much about this Positive Thinking campaign , but since half the people at Riverdale are acting like bitches , maybe we do need it . Seriously , shut the fuck up . 
Is it just me , or are people around me trying to pick fights ? 
If you can read this , you are within range . 
Okay , I seriously have to know why my ' friends ' are turning on me . If anyone reading this has a problem with me , tell it to me , right now . Message , comment , IM , whatever , just tell me . 
Actually . Fuck that , and fuck you . Its all good . 
Rutherford County is nearly surrounded with counties that are closed . DON'T JINX IT . 
I'm about tired of how girls think its quirky to self-diagnose themselves with Bipolar disorder . 
\Except it was no ordinary boy at all ..... IT WAS MUTHA-FUCKIN ' CTHULU . \"" 
Please disregard my last status , I hate flooding News Feeds , but this has to be said . Men who cry are pussies , first off . Secondly , Bitches who try their hardest to start shit where there is none , are thundercunts ( Usually , in my experience , they have fucked up teeth . ) And sluts who cheat on people with TWO other men , are pathetic ho bags , even if they don't put out . 
I find it amusing when people attack others through status updates . I've done it once , which is pretty out-of-character for me , but its still amusing . 
BITCHES DON'T KNOW ' BOUT MY POWER LEVEL . 
This is probably the first time in all my memory , that every thing is going exactly the way I want it to . Life is good , and seeing as I don't believe in < PROPFEMALE > , I can laugh at those I choose among the less fortunate . 
I grow tired of your continuous attempt to berate me . It won't work . You're far too immature and weak-minded to even dent my intellect . Don't take this as egotistical , in contrast to you , that'd be an impossible feat . I don't believe this requires my attention any further , so please do not provoke any more retorts . 
I don't want to start any blasphemous rumors ..... 
I'm Jewish , So nice of you to notice . 
Seeing as its not been in the news for quite some time now , I guess people have finally accepted the fact that an Islamic Center is being built . About time . 
I KILL YOU IN THE NAME OF DELICIOUS ! 
YOUR PANTS . \ 
I WANT THEM . 
Hey , how about you blame God ? He blew breath in my lungs ... 
Just became the first male in my family to be accepted into college . 
I don't want to start any blasphemous rumors , but I think that God's got a sick sense of humor , and when I die , I expect to find him laughing . 
It seems like the less bacon a country has , the more riots they have . I'M LOOKING AT YOU , EGYPT . 
Good lord . I watched one episode of Glee , and I honestly think that never before , have so many clichéd characters and plot elements been lumped into a single show . 
Think for yourselves , and allow others to enjoy the privilege to do so , too . 
If God doesn't like the way I live MY life , let him tell me , not you . 
Alright , just because your God is a bigoted asshole , it doesn't mean you have to be . 
Bite the pillow . I'M GOING IN DRY . 
\Insert status update that is mildly offensive to a large demographic . \"" 
Have you ever tried Ethiopian food ? ........ Neither have they . 
That's a nice everything you have there . Be a shame if something were to happen to it . 
Anyone have a place I can store some Rohypnol for a bit ? 
Prom had better be the pinnacle of extravagance this year , considering the opulent amount of money I'm investing in that night . 
Out ? Again ? FUUUUUUUUUUU- 
I think there is a screwdriver under my kneecap . 
I . CAN'T . MOVE . MY . LEFT . LEG . 
I want to wake up to the 1812 Overture every morning . Specifically the field artillery . 
The United States ranks 13th on the list of the world's nations with the most freedom . There are twelve countries with more freedom than the United States . 
It pays to know what the Hell you're talking about when you debate Religion with me . 
Crocodile Cock . Deal with it . 
I'm up for a debate . Attempt to prove to me why you believe God exists , and why I should likewise do so . Messages , wall posts , comments , any way you prefer . Just , try and convince me . 
COME AT ME , BRO . 
I'm going to hit you in your face , I'm going to punch you in your glasses , oh no . 
I have just enough Christ in me to make me feel almost guilty . Is that why God made us bleed , to make us see that we're Humans Being ? 
Prom suits are ridiculous . Prom tickets are ridiculous . Gas will be ridiculous by then . I need a ridiculous job with ridiculous pay . 
I just fell off my roof . There wasn't any damage except ..... I FORGOT HOW TO DIE . 
Unknown was predictable . People who drive behind me will do the speed limit . I tried to freeze hot sauce , didn't work , oh , and I need $ 2,065 . 
I can't say I missed looking at the world through misanthropy-colored lenses . 
Butter < PROPMALE > . 
Goku > Jesus . 
CAT ! IS ! NEVER COMING ! 
Opinions are like penises . Everybody wants mine . 
Only those with the freshest , most succulent livers will be saved . 
Frittata is not a verb . 
SHHHHHIIIIIIIT , Megadeth is coming to Atlanta on my birthday . I must make a pilgrimage . 
Deadliest Warrior is doing a Vampires Vs . Zombies themed episode .... what the fucking-fuck ? 
My prom suit is diamonds . 
I'd make a good lawyer , teacher , therapist , lecturer , police officer , public official , and travel guide . 
I need office space . And a big ass leather chair . That DOESN'T swivel . 
I could be a therapist . I wouldn't do it for the money , and certainly not because of empathy . I mean , its not like I even get a thank you from 99% of the people I help , but still , I seem to be quite good at it . 
Statistics show that one in twenty of us live next door to a convicted pedophile . Not me , though . I live next to an absolutely stunning 11 year old . 
I haven't heard this many people rant about the end of the world since Eyjafjallajokull erupted . Or , since the earthquake in Haiti . Or , since the last war between < PROPMALE > and Lebanon . Or , since Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > . Or , since the Christmas Day tsunami of 2004 . Or , since 9/11 . Or , since Y2K . 
50 Japanese workers volunteered to go on a suicide mission to try to cool down the 6 reactors . Radiation poisoning is a monstrous way to die . These men are the apex of courage , honor , & nobility . No matter what religion you are , we should hope and pray for a quick & painless death for these brave people And for a blessing on their families . It blows me away what devotion to their people they have . 
We should go ahead and take control of Libya . Like , actually take control , not like Iraq , just , annex that shit . 
Thousands of women just went into labor and found out they were pregnant at the same time . The babies emerged morally outraged and sexually aroused . 
You like to act like you've got depth and personality , but you've proven that you lie just as much as the others . What value could you possibly have at this point ? You're a liability . 
I'm hanging up the therapy gig for a while . I'm not one to ask much of friends , but I'm tired of freely giving advice to said friends , and not even getting a thank-you back . So , unless you start to show gratitude , I don't give a shit about your ' Failed Relationship ' or your ' Daddy-Issues ' . Nothing says I HAVE to care anymore . 
My truck has an UN-Godly amount of gas in its tank . If anyone from the table wants to hangout , let me know , since I know where all of you live . 
I would vote for < PROPFIRST > Trump 2012 without hesitation . 
Psht . Fifty grand's worth ? That's barely ' walking around ' cocaine . 
Gimme that Mossberg Swerve . 
\Don't trust your soul to no back-woods Southern lawyer . \"" 
I have acquired four score and nineteen difficulties , but a wench cannot be counted among them . 
