Five weeks and counting until I can see my feet again and fit into my shoes . 

Hopefully just a couple of more weeks to go ! Home stretch ! 
Baby Girl Addison < PROPFEMALE > Sandoval was born yesterday . Weighing it at 6.5 lbs and measuring 20 inches long . Unlike big brother has lots of hair which is also dark . 
Addison just premiered last night on the television show \I Didn't Know I was Pregnant\ " . She looked so cute playing little baby < PROPFIRST >." 
Happy New Year Everyone ! 
It is snowing in Canyon Country ! 
Is tired of feeling ignored and angry . 
Just wishing life could be a little less complicated if even just for a day . 
Would like to see a movie today ... but what movie ?... and who to go with ? 
Fiscal year end and inventory tomorrow !!!!!! I can hardly wait :( 
Is greatful for caring , loving friends , especially during times of utter stupidity . 
Go Germany !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
This day is turning out to be one of longest ever . 
Happy Fourth of July !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wishing I didn't feel so insecure . 
Always a good day when new shoes are involved ! 
More teething fun tonight ! 
Had such a great time last night with a lot of really great people . Just what the doctor ordered ! 
All I want is to get my head and my heart on the same < PROPFEMALE > . Is that really too much to ask ? 
I am so tired of people who make plans and then flake at the last minute :( 
Work is done and now it is time to ring in 28 in style tonight with good friends , bad singing , and lots of alcohol . 
Had a birthday to remember ! Thanks to all those who helped to make it that way . 
Monday ? Really ? 
Survived first bomb threat at the hospital today ! 
What to do this weekend since original plans fell through ? 
:) 
Can't believe my little man is going to be three next month ! Can't believe that I am planning a party for 15 three year olds . 
I just don't think I will ever understand boys !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
It's actually Friday !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
:( 
Saw a cute movie . Cried a little . Now I am just going to cozy up , enjoy the rain , a little dinner and my kids . 
It has been a while since we have had a good thunder and lightening storm . 
So freakin ' wired tonight and no one to help \unwire\ " me :( " 
Anybody know a good treatment for horrible diaper rash ? 
Why did my body decide that 3AM was a good time to get up today ? Happy Monday ! 
Halloween fun tonight ! So excited ! Who loves < PROPFEMALE > ? 
What a fantastic night ! Thank you girls ! 
I am so glad to be getting out of the house tonight ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Sometimes it is nice just to < PROPFEMALE > out with the girls ! What a great night ! 
Great start to the week . Get called out of work early to take Addison to urgent care . Fifty bucks later have confirmation of double pink eye and some lovely eye drops to try to get into a 15 month old . 
So excited not to have to go to work tomorrow ! 
One more day of work and then out with friends tomorrow night , Jaden's birthday party Saturday and passing out from shear exhaustion on Sunday . 
First official birthday party over ! I am exhausted ! Jaden had the time of his life ! :) 
So glad that it is Friday ! Mommies night tonight ! 
Pancakes from scratch this morning ? This should be interesting ! 
Sprite 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one- to get better . I know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone you know who has died , or is fighting , or has survived cancer , please copy and re-post . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! Hope < PROPFEMALE > was good to you all ! 
I knew I should have cleaned out the kids room before < PROPFEMALE > came ! 
Why can't people make up their freaking minds ! 
Can't wait to get out of here ! 
Two hours and counting ! 
Can anybody tell me what I am doing at work today ? Ahhhhhhhhh ! 
Not looking forward to my 2 1/2 hour drive to work this morning ! 
I have two of the most wonderful kids in the world ! How did I get so lucky ? 
