I think tomorrow would be a good day to go shoot some stuff . 

Closing a half an hour late is one thing . Walking into a bathroom that smells like urine and rotten vagina is just a slap in the face . 
Aah . Three days off . 
\Do you want me to hold it like I did before or should I just let it dangle\ " - Funniest thing I have heard over the radio at work in awhile . " 
If you can't read and you don't know how to use a map you really should just stay home . 
If you have a bumper sticker that says \If you don't like my driving call 1-800-2fkn-bad\ " you really shouldn't be driving . Especially if you don't know how to change lanes without almost causing an accident . " 
I don't want to see any more people for at least 3 days . 
brrr 
I thought people in this town only did laundry on the first of the month ? Must be the time change . 
People need to work on their shopping cart etiquette . 
I saw < PROPFEMALE > Clause today :) . Totally made up for finding a cockroach in one of the washers at the laundry mat . 
Done with all my finals . Now to figure out what I'm going to do with my 3 1/2 weeks off . 
Three A's and One A- . Yay me . 
Half this stupid town blows their welfare checks at the liquor store , and I get denied unemployment cause I'm in school and can't work full time . Nice . 
Oh my god . It's like a blizzard out there . I better get to kroger before they're out of bread . I don't know what I would do if there was more than 2 inches of snow on the ground and I didn't have at least three loaves of bread 
Yes . Please sit next to me and talk on your cell phone loud enough for the whole damn room to hear you . If you could also eat while you are talking that would be greatly appreciated . No , I wasn't trying to concentrate on what I was reading , please continue . 
Should I or shouldn't I go to school tomorrow ? 
Please shut the ( insert expletive here ) up . You are in a public place and not every one in the ( here ) room want to here your stupid ( and here ) conversation about how much you paid for a piece of paper . 
Thank You everyone . 
Nelsonville Kroger put their doors on backwards . 
