happy New Year ! May this decade be one where dreams come true ! 

Wants to suck that ring off your toe 
V 2.0 
I just ate 100 fish tacos 
schitlesnicklefritz 
I have spent so much time and mental/emotional capacity on distinguishing which of my moral decisions are worth persuing . I have learned now , i believe , that all that time was a waste and that all of the perveted perceptions my generation has on life IS the way it IS . and i am a fool for believing in the far greater and more beautiful things in life i THOUGHT i could/have experienced . Far better are we to be alone 
By god , im a monster ... or a saint ? 
hangman , go get ur rope ... ur daughters were'nt careful , i feel like I am a slippery slope . And as I lay my head at night . after a day that went perfectly right ... still u won't know ... no u won't know Forever , you(and)I shall be 
the fact that you can lose and that things may or will fade away is what makes life so much more beautiful 
And you walk under the streetlights , but you're too drunk to notice that every one is staring at you , your lifes falling apart and the world is crumbling around you ... you just have to see her to know that you're breaking in two 
hope to see my coquette , and hope , she can't , smell the bourbon on my breathe 
Im getting my hurr cut 
Ignorance is bliss ... or no ... Panda rocked my braaain 
take something that makes u happy and run with it 
I will no longer live in fear 
almost a week ... 
safety first , make sure to keep a sweater or cardigan around incase it gets drafty ... 
F *** EVERYONE WHO WAS TALKING SHIT ABOUT THE BENGALS !!! 
drove around campus today for an hour , found no parking , returned home , submitted complaint email ( which will receive no compliance and/or aknowledgement from the college except maybe my instructor ) , will attempt to go and park at 2 ... rediculous ... 
wtf it's five fifteen a.m. 
Nobody deserves to be mauled by a bear 
just dropped a class becasue he can't find a place to park in time . Fuck cscc . and while i'm at it , fuck the institutionalization of college as a right of passage to the middle class 
I apologize for the previous profanity 
p . s . a- long islands+jack daniels+jeager+rolling rocks lead to bad decisions . REALLY BAD ONES 
does not have a square root 
Debating state , sailing through the mind , on a headstrong crash course with elation , devestation , or reincarnation 
drank a lot , passed out , watched an episode of the office , will go back to bed shortly , and is on a dichotomatical self searching quest to figure out if he is mad and it will never happen or if he might be as close as anyone has ever been ... 
needs to quit smoking 
I have learned I should put effort into being a man of few words when in non-close circles of people . Not to trust others to understand your dignity and the dignity of people close to you ... I'm pushed back into reality . Now , < PROPMALE > and I will go to this concert and ROCK OUT 
Another weekend at the old bag 
hERE'S TO HAVING NO IDEA WHAT HAPPENED 
BEER , bombs , < PROPMALE > black , the black keys , college football , i'm off work , countdown to blackout central ... 
back to reality 
is off work again tomorrow , yeh 
to those griped with insufficient happiness and disgust for the world around you , as we all have been- take a minute to see the world you are missing , the one you knew as a kid , if even for a moment a day to bring piece of mind . . . now , what do i mean by that ? 
M T 2 0 !!!!!!!!!!! 
MT20 !!!!! 
wants a flying car 
is working on a paper about the declining rubber and textile industries in cambodia 
what ... the ... fuck ... ever 
go to lunch with old friends , date around or pamper your girl/boyfriend , write letters to people , laugh at dirty jokes , have one beer too many on friday night , travel , accept any opportunity to meet interesting people , forgive and move past what bothers you , take your dog to the park , take your kid to the arcade way too much , dance with anyone who asks you , tell everyone you love that you love them 
is floating in a bubble with a tree ... pondering what was said or wasn't , what mistakes there were ... but nevertheless has had a realization . avoid selflessness , it may destroy you , it is uncovetable by the masses . OR live it , and through the irreplacable loss learn the s.o.u.l. is real . how life can ironically laugh at you and speak down and up simultaneously , never being facetious 
can't believe the bengals lost that game 
is full from eating highbeck's pizza 
doesn't know if he is sane , nostolgic , on the seam of a breakthrough , or wasting time . < PROPFEMALE > car bombs are gross 
full from thanksgiving . Going to ladies 80's . YOU SOUND LIKE YOU\RE FROM LONDON " 
had a meeting at old bag , had to be there at 9 . then , drank at roosters for a bit , i think i'm going to do laundry and nap until 5 , then birthday festivities !!!! GO TO THE ZIG LATER !!!! 
< PROPMALE > Cambell VS the Army of Darkness ... Drinking game 
spanked drunk let's roll 
Headache 
Thanks for the BDay Wishes !!! 
\Teach us to care and not to care . Teach us to sit still . \ " - T.S. < PROPMALE > " 
The monster can appear to be a cute , attractive , or harmless , at most an affair of caressing a domesticated pet ; you even nurture it- until the beast shows itself 
13 hr workdays , with no break ... and pay for lunch ... weak ass shit 
I am a warrior 
wonders if he should feel bad for < PROPFIRST > gray 
AAAGGHH 
can't wait to work a double from 830am until 7 to 10 pm tomorrow ! 
is grumpy 
is not smooth 
If you give it a < PROPMALE > , you would be suprised about how goodness can find you ... 
has to be at work in seven hours :/ 
Never hold your tongue to differ judgement . Maybe they would want to hear what you have to say , maybe they agree , or maybe they are even just like you 
Never let a good < PROPMALE > go , you may never have it again . And many people aren't blessed with good < PROPMALE > s at all . Grab on to what you want and never let go and don't ever resist a < PROPMALE > when it reaches out to you . Let the goodness fill you 
Picturesque , the courtesan fights to renew his identity . Having experienced such great passion , feeling fullfilled he sets off resist temptation . But , how long can he hold if his < PROPFEMALE > is uncertain ... how long until a siren presses in her will unto the reformed rake and he breaks , constrained in seduction . old dogs can't always learn new tricks , no matter how much it will break their heart 
Capture the Objective 
Is tired , broke , and eager to find out if parking spots exist for morning classes at CSCC this quarter ... 
was ready to pass out with his shoes on at 845 , but then ... he started drinking ... class will come fast ... 
just saw a picture of a 513 lbs Blufin Tuna ... it sold for $ 177,000 ..... I would like to officially declare a < PROPMALE > under , Tuna fishing 
Try and get your mind off things , missing you , but not upset 
Doesn't it feel good to feel good about somethiing ! 
The word of the day is : Believe 
has < PROPMALE > muscle pain and wants a massage , no happy ending necissary , but doesn't know if he'd object 
< PROPFEMALE > is beautiful , but the struggle to obtain it is irevoccable , painful , and annoying . AH , i hate to say it , but i don't think it , but i feel it . I need to stop drinking till 2am when i have to work at 830am 
I want to hear what people think about a line from a book i just read . Out of context , it may be interpreted differently than i took it , but still i want some insights : \Physical love is impossible without violence ... \"" 
The unbearable lightness of being ... my face just got melted ... i need to get some sleep , eat , or drink nine beers ... 
JUST REMEMBERED , NO CLASS TOMORRRROOWW ! UGH 
bodega grilled cheese ... 
Hold on ... 
It is all about living an examined life ... 
\The primary goal of a philosopher is to live life according to their philosophy ... \"" 
Love is a battlefield 
Number one goal to obtain from going to the gym : ( its a 3 step process ) 1 . Be able to break up fights by suplexing someone . 2 . Be able to suplex someone who is 200lbs like a badass . 3 . Suplex his/her ass so hard that at least one witness shits their pants . and ... to look good naked 
It's friday , i'm off work , I'm clean , ready to go , and its the brightest full < PROPFEMALE > of the year tonight ! 
Work was carzy busy , my phone died earky , i left after working 12 hours on 2hrs of sleep , got to bar and was challenged to chug a pitcher , i did-it made me feel 18 again haha , drank long island that < PROPFIRST > made me ( 98%alchohol ) , extremely missed someone the entire night ... left a blister on < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s ass ... played love is a battle field 3 times , admitted to it once . heart you truini ! i'm out 
Its been so busy at work recently . Is the economy getting better ? 
Is going to the gym alone , and he is weak , there will be no one there to save him 
Has a printer now . and it has color . and it will make it so i don't have to wait an hour for things to print at cscc and be late to class 
Ask questions before you judge ... 
is now apparently the proud owner of a snuggie ... HAHA ... 
Hand is mutated 
Head over heels 
What is greater to lose faith and relearn it unconsciously or for it to be unfaltering ? to never have known it , or to always have ? 
Needs to , but doesn't want to go to the gym ... deadlift day ! beefcake ! 
had a wonderful evening 
I can't buy what I want because it's free 
Gets to watch a movie and eat dinner with three girls tonight :) : 
Work/school overload 
That was a long f***ing day ... But , the second to last time i have to do homework for three weeks ... hopefully . Extran ~ o mi pastalliTO 
Let things settle down before you take your guns out 
Welcome back to school everyone ! Here's to havin ' less free time and much larger hangovers on saturdays ! 
Huge fireball meteor shower tonight 
bush babies 
CREEPY 
The man wanted to fill a pond to grow lillies for his wife . He carried water from the river next to their house everyday , trying to fill the pond , but it never did . Day in and day out , the sun was too hot , a drought forecasted . He continued to fill the pond until hi neighbors called to him and told him the farm was on fire . He asked , How could this be ? And they told him , someone swept the river dry 
CAPTAIN MORGAIN'S LIIIIIIIMMMMEEEE BIIIIITTTTEE 
I want to go out into the < PROPFEMALE > , into the everlasting arms 
You can have my bacon 
............................................................................................................................................................ 
Now i'll never get to heaven 
Bartending tonight at OLD BAG . Come in for happy hour at the TIKI BAR It'll be open from 3-10 , happy hour until 7pm ! 
You move like a dream I've had , I woke up sweating in my room ... 
It is easy to make someone into an enemy when you haven't tried to understand their past experiences . When something happens between two people , their are two perspectives on the situation . Not knowing theirs ( even though they may have tried to tell you ) , makes it really unfair to assume that yours is correct . Hate is a astrong word to use on someone you love . Hate is a strong word in general . 
Congratulations all my graduating friends and to < PROPMALE > for making it through exams ! 
When you do intensive organizing , cleaning , consolidating , and rearranging ( things I'm not good at doing ) you find a lot of things you thought you lost , thought you threw away , or forgot about entirely ... 
Had to read a novel last night in one sitting , slept two hours , then had class and then work , then slept a bit , then watched the movie on the book , then worked on paper rough draft ... moral of the story , pay attention to when your homework assignments are due ! Now I'm sick and gonna sleep 
PAPA JOHN'S PAPA's FAVORITE 
Jay-Z 
Played cards and drank beer all day . and by all day , I mean all day ... Great weekend ! 
OK 
Bartending the Tiki bar tonight at the OLD BAG o NAILS ! Come out and kick it or pregame for whatever madness or coziness your getting into this evening ! $2 CORONAS ALL NIGHT ! $3 MAGIC HAT $2 Miller light 16oz !!! KISSES 
Benetar 
\The struggle of Man against power is the struggle of memory against forgetting . \ " - < PROPMALE > Kundera " 
MT20 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\ ... Beauty is the abolition of chronology and a rebellion against time . \ " - < PROPMALE > Kundera " 
DAY OFF = TomOrRoW 
\ ... To laugh is to live profoundly . \ " -Saint < PROPFEMALE > Leclerc " 
During conversation about why , how , and if an infinite energy source can be made :\ 
Me : \We need to figure out how to make energy from lady gaga music . \ " \ 
ate a whole bag of cheetos 
... 
....... 
............... . ............. . ........... .. . . . ............ .. 
,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ,,,,,,,,,,, OOOOOOOOOOOOOooo , 
XOXO 
XX 
ZXxzXZXZZXXXZxxzZZ 
if that's what you think ... 
Whatever ... 
\it is not the sirens fault that her lamentations are so beautiful ... \"" 
I miss cupcake ... Too bad I had to go PSYCHO 
thinks he will actuall go out tonight , like for real ... as in not the zig , for once haha 
14hrs of work will make you want to get drunk , but the sweat and heat factor ( i swear out a/c was off ) will make you go home and want to vomit ! 
Working the tiki bar ... 
fuck the modern world ... 
Sorry for that ... Its late ... goodnight 
This is great , all of this , or just what might have been , so we can take a seat at the bar with the other broken heroes ! 
\Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar . \ " -Sigmund Freud ( misspelt haha ) " 
SERENITY NOW 
Not sleepy , not awake ... somewhere in between 
I want something else to get me through this semi-charmed kinda-life 
Women are a combination of the undying romantic heart , and cancer : You can hope to fall in love , but when you do- they will eat away at you away until you die a slow painful overly prolonged death ... here's to love and human erosion ! 
Dinking Bombay saphire at my place , AND NOT ALONE !!! two points for me ! Now , i'm losing by less than a thousand ! 
Dirty sniveling bitches ... hate them ! <---- comment long comming , I actually had a great night ... even though I didn't get off till 2 
Happy Biirrttthhddaayyy AAMMEERRIIICCAAAA ! 
Ninja Pirate or Pirate Ninja ? Which would be the most deadly Hybrid of Pirate ninjaness 
The Dutch are going to the final ! 
asks everyone to refrain from tempting him to drink this weekend ... he needs a break ... a long one 
you all failed ... 
going all out nerd with it ... deal with it 
needs some inspiraaattion ! 
Oh Muse ! Where < PROPMALE > thou ? 
Has a painful bruise in an akward place ... 
HAHA 
WWWHHHOOAAAAH ! 
Going out for Truini's birthday ! Mmgrreeoowwl ! 
Oh , how easy it easy to want something so much that you start to hate it ! to 4AM ! good god why can't i sleep ? ( and i dont want any of my roomates to tell me it is becasue of the 2 hr \nap\ " I took . It was a weak nap " 
) 
is sick , but wants to go and drink with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > haha 
in a galaxy far far away 
in the summertime when the weather is fine ; you can step right up and light up the sky when the weather is fine , you got rythme you got rythme on your mind ! :) 
look like crab , talk like people 
Needs to rest ... 
Palahniuk vs Vonnegut vs vs < PROPFIRST > vs Delillo ... 
and the nfl season begins ! 
16hr day at work , and I get to go work a tv-less bar tomorrow during the osu game . Hopefully its slow and I can watch it ... now = time to sleep ! The rest of you with 9-5's , the day off , or unemployed = Enjoy drinking all day 
The Patriots ? Never heard of ' em 
Has no phone and may not for a WWWWHHHHIIIILLLLLLLEEEEE ! 
\Why should I wish to see God better than this day ? \ 
Go to you tube and search for \DJ Kitty\ " ... Enjoy :) " 
There was yet ANOTHER UFO sighting in < PROPFEMALE > 
Suck it ! 
Bengals lost , no hot water , not getting shifts at work , poor , 2 papers due wed ., and my PETS HEADS ARE FALLING OFF ! 
needs to go to SLEEeeeepppp ! goodnight loves ! kisses you's! 
Need to destroy allergies ... they are devastating me 
I want to be warm 
i would actually kill someone , i think , to be half as good as vonnegut 
funny how shit jumps out at you 
homework 
MT20 , then i'm in VEGAS BABY ! 
Check me into maryhaven 
STILL < PROPMALE > OVER ! 
wow ! osu actually cuts a little slack ! may return to capital u though ! I like my philosophy club there too much ! Yeah , that's right ! I'm a member of a club at a university i do not attend ! 
So , what happens to a dream deferred ? 
Was gonna go out , but then found out < PROPFIRST > and Shmead are in town ... the zig wins again ... 
Why was everyone so SERIOUS tonight ? 
\Be kind for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle\ " -Plato " 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to tell the difference 
I don't have a phone , the bengals don't have a clue how to win a game , i have no clue how to not overeat at my parents , i have no clue why i had to be at work at 930 ... BUT , I DO HAVE A CHRISTMAS TREE BIOTCHES ! 
has had Subway six of the last seven days 
SO , the time at which this post is being submitted should be testimony to all to beware falling victim to procrastination and distractions . I just finished my paper , due tomorrow morning at 10 , just now . F*** ! 
Can the bengals beat the bills ? 
pizza begals 
There is a light at the end of the tunnel for us all , its just hard to see because of all the traffic jams 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! Makes me feel very fortunate , happy , and good ! And feeling good is a blessing , a gift , and great thing to experience ! I'm fortunate to have my friends and family ! 
Got a new phone , but lost my back up assistant , so I have ZERO contacts . Text me your name so I can have your number ! 
I like wearing no pants ... too much 
BRING ME SPPPPRRRIIINNNGGGG !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
What happens to a dream differed ? 
a[another cold day]gain/ no r[shy light limply draws at the drapes]est/ a[a day wasted]gain 
\good morning chicken\ " - < PROPMALE > Simpson ( we all needed that ) " 
I'm okay with staying out late unitentionally because i meet someone who is really cool , its just the whole getting up early thing that sucks , plus watching another friend argue with my new friend about driving home . I believe in the driving skills , but they were too intense , had to escape !!! 
Can't sleep ... really sucks that its an hour ahead tonight too ... open to close at work tomorrow is gonna suck ! I mean be awwwessoommee ! ( yeah positivity ! ) 
March to da fucking MADNESS ! 
Washington until duke baby ! put it in your bracket ! 
PLEASE KEEP MY GRANDMA IN YOUR PRAYERS AND THOUGHTS ! SHE IS SCHEDULED TO HAVE AN EASY AND SUCCESSFUL TRIPLE BI-PASS SURGURY TOMJORROW MORNING ! SHE'S SO BADASS THAT WE WOULDN'Y EVEN NOTICE IF WE DIDN'T KNOW ! SHE'S THE BEST PERSON EVER ! I LOVE YOU GRANDMA ! 
19hr work day ... sleep ... 
LEt'S GO BUCKEYES ! AAAAAANNNNNNDDD LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEETTTTTTTTTTTT\S GGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOO HHHHHUUUSSSSSKKKKIESSS !!!!!!! WASHINGTON BABY ! GONNA BEAT NC'S AAAASSSSSS MMMOOO FFOOO !!!! " 
work work work ... had tonight off after 9 ... drank some ... my phone = still broke ... no connection to the outside world ... actually have a new phone , but can't get contacts or successfully activate it ... but , mostly : I Miss My Grandma 
The Lakers lost me $3.50 because they didn't win by three ... basketball betting is not treating me good this week . However , it is figuratively bl ***** < PROPMALE > Irvine 
eating a cupcake , then going to see my grandma , then going to work ... 
i thought i could be asleep by now ... tips on sleeping ? anyone ? for reference ? 
Again , i have a new phone with NO < PROPFIRST > ... TEXT ME YO NUMBER FOOLS 
sick of being sick ... come into gressos tonight and cheer me up 
i think i have ten phone < PROPFIRST > now ... movin on up 
