so i should definitely do my homework . but i dont want to . will be up at 9 doing everything thats due on monday . break is officially over . 

yeah .... i should be doing my homework now ... and im making no progress .... im gonna try and have this paper done by 8 . 
i hate pizza delivery people ... they suck !!!! 
chilling out . gonna do some psychology homework . mucho boring . 
so i think i want to go to hooters next week , and kd somewhere in there . but right now , i cant sleep . 
all natural . i need to get my hair done . so bad . 
so i dont know what to do . i feel helpless . 
chilling with my cousin . text me so we can hanggggg . :) 
prank calling people . this is hilarious . too bad im hurting people's feelings in the process . oh well . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > MEMORIAL SERVICE THURSDAY 6 PM < PROPFEMALE > POINT . 
a little calmer now . im glad i did that . 
on the second < PROPFEMALE > of my three < PROPFEMALE > paper . bleh . 
almost done with my paper . then i have to do stats . this sucks . sooo bad . 
my birthday reservation is at 730 now instead of 700 if anybody is wondering ... 
yayyyyy birthdayyyyy . thanks for the birthday wishes everybody . 
work at 7 . until then ... mucho chill timeeee . 
work at 7 again . bleh . 
so im about to watch tarzan . and im so excited . but i have a massive headache . and happy birthday < PROPFIRST > i love you !! 
so laser tag later . and cleaning now . or at least im supposed to be . 
so my little brother made me mad . im hungry . my stomach hurts . and i have to work at 7 . this is a sucky day . 
so nothing went my way today . not cool . 
car :) 
so i dont think its safe to be this confused . 
ap homework for the rest of the day until i can make a serious dent in it . 
home from work . my ankle is swelling as we speak . and i have to type up all of this uniform stuff . not a happy camper right nowwww . 
submitted stats just in time . lucky me . and now on to another assignment tomorrow . this sucks . 
stupid car . stupid money . stupid mechanic . just stupid . :( 
sleeping . and then band stuff . and then work . busyyyy . 
band stuff . then work right after . super busyyy tomorrow . 
sleeep . then dealing with percussion at 9 in the morning . but i get mcdonalds breakfast . talk tomorrow nighttt when im not bussyyyyy . 
band mini camp tomorrow . sleep now . then that . and then work . after a little work on some ap homework . i hate being super busy . 
sleeeeepppppp . yes . 
on my way to work . and then i have an interesting story to write for someone . 
band camp tomorrow . idk what to say except im gonna go call someone now . :) 
i would like to let you know im disappointed in you . no matter what , though , i will always be here , and i wont laugh at you if something happens . but i will help you through it . i love you . 
done for the day . waiting for my pasta to come . :) 
yay ! i got my phone and my computer back . so now life is normal again . :) 
got lots of essays to write today before matching band . im not happy about this . 
food . shower . essays . convo . and then sleep . :) 
wamts to finish all of her essays before work tonight . but first : naptime . 
making steady progress on the homework . everything is falling in place . 
you know you're tired when you fall asleep . in the middle of your hallway . on the floor . taking a nap before work . and work at 7 . 
i guess i can start another essay or something . but i dont want to . so i'll just go to bed . ap bio tomorrow . and work the rest of the day away . 
still not done . no bueno . 
i refuse to go to sleep until my psych paper is done . but im so tired . 
off to work . and im driving myself . bye :) see you at school :( 
finishing up homework . talking to this cool kid :) 
doing my english essay and vocab . and then typing up some psychology . and then off to bed hopefully before midnight . 
mucho stuff to do tomorrow . homework . band . errands . need i say more ? 
:) 
not the happiest person in the world . grrr .... 
nap . homework . then work at 7 . boooooo :( 
mucho homework . and then sleep . after talking to someone special , that is . :) 
hoping to be asleep by 230 . lets see how that goes . 
cleaning . homework for both days . then work . yay excitement . note the sarcasm . :( 
so im about to make someone truly happy by finishing something i started a lonnnnnggg time ago . :) 
finishing homework . then bed . :) 
homework . then sleep . and spirit stuff tomorrow . out . 
work at 7 . homework until then . field trip was fun . 
i know it might be hard , but can you meet me halfway ? lost .... 
sleepytime :) 
homework . and then sleep . :) 
fedslhf ulds ivfdil .... i think that says enough dont you ? 
so im supposed to be doing an outline right now . but i think i'll read and then do it in the morning . :) sounds like a plan . 
a little reading . a little homework . maybe even a movie . and i'll be set for tomorrow . :) 
so i defintiely need to finish my homework . but i think im gonna go for it . so i think im taking a trip to target after practice tommorow ? :) 
homework . and more homework . then sleep . 
change of plans . sleep . then homework early in the morning . i cant hold my head up . no bueno . 
so if i try realllly hard i can be to sleep by midnight . i doubt it though . i have a lack of focus like no other . :) 
my hair is straight again . :) now lasagna . and then homework . and then sleep . :D 
a little bit of homework . a little bit of college stuff . and off to bed i go . nightnight . :) 
work at 7 . but first . cereal . and then mcdonalds . what a combo . :D 
super sleeppyyy from work . so off to sleep now and homework in the moring . peace . 
shower . homework . studying . bed . school . subway . riverbend . pancakes . :) vboda . smiles and tears . sleep . 
homework . then sleep . and then school . but tuesday off ! :) 
have nooooo focus . so im turning on classical and turning off the computer . night . 
college stuff and clothes for the rest of the night . :) how great . not . 
college stuff . and picture stuff . and work stuff . and high school stuff . and girl scout stuff . i think im gonna explode !!! 
work . then homework . story of my life . senior night tomorrow . :) 
my yearbook pics look soooo much better now that someone else took them . :) 
lots of stuff to do . then off to bed . 
ahhhhh too much stuff to do !!!! 
homework time ... :( bleh . 
homework . and college stuff . hope to be to bed early tonight . :) 
finally narrowed down my schools from 9 to 6 ... making progress 
lack of focus doesnt work well when you have time consuming assignments mannnn 
almost done with homework . then bed . and then school . :( two more days to go . 
college stuff . and scholarship stuff . then cooking pies and work . what a busy and productive day . i would rather go back to sleep . 
off to bed . finishing college stuff in the morning . booooo . :( 
work . and then even more college stuff . then mucho crap to do tomorrow . i cant believe we have to go back to school . :( 
ive done nothing basically for the the past ever . i gotta get on this . and now . 
so much to do . so little time . out . 
making progress .... out . 
DONE . its about time . :) bedddddd . 
thanks for trying to help me . NOT . now i have to cancel everything . AGAIN . its like you dont even care if i get it done just because i didnt do it your way . 
im getting my hair cut !!!! ahhh im so scared . 
possibility of me getting my hair cut tommorow before work . super scary . off to bed . 
the hair is cut . super cute :) 
on my way to bed . sooo glad its friday . auditions tomorrow . :( 
done practicing for the night . big day tomorrow . new pics of my hair are up . take a look :) 
uuhhhhh yeah . 
cleaning . and then hanging out with < PROPFIRST > Kozar ! super excited :D 
uhhhhhh . i like christmas . :) 
off to work . be back on later . :) 
Cowboys be getting it in !!! :D 
super busy day tomorrow . not looking forward to it at all . just a bucn of busy work . :( 
chilling out for the night ... rip < PROPFIRST > sullivan , if anybody knows who that is , but he's an amazing drummer :( 
so close to being done with college applications ... thank the good man upstairs !!! 
can't wait to get off of work ... hooters here I come ! 
so much to do . about to run some errands and make some phone calls . 
have a checklist of things to do before i go to sleep . working hard . 
just got an acceptance letter to vcu ! i'm going to college !!!! 
definitely had the best day ive had in a long time !!! 
i dont really care where you live at , just turn around boy let me hit that & hearts ; ~ < PROPFEMALE > 
im going to the gay pride parade in san < PROPFEMALE > in june ! so excited ! 
my ipod fell in the tub when i was cleaning it . i hope this rice trick works ! 
so much homework it's almost ridiculous . i think i just might cry . 
i'll be up past midnight . how great . 
about to start homework . and then read a little . off for the night . & hearts ; . 
homework , eventually . :) 
parade in the morning . oh dang . 
home from work . now to all the hw i didnt feel like doing until now . 
the first time in a while that i done have a lot of hw . about to watch a movie . :) 
i dont care if i leave colonial forge high school with no friends cuz i have Tyler-Leah < PROPMALE > ! and < PROPFIRST > Kozar ! 
tomorrow is goign to be one loooong dayyy .... : ( 
homework and then bed . out . 
midterms to study for . not looking forward to it . but i have to work anyway . and thats my life story . 
we could have worked it out , but i guess things change . its funny how someone elses success brings pain . and thats life . 
exams . no bueno para mi . :( i wish i was taking a spanish exam . too bad i dont take that anymore . 
appreciates < PROPFIRST > Banks Shabazz more than ever after the stupid snow made the car be stupid ! 
so why does everyone keep telling me i look like < PROPFEMALE > knight pulliam ? 
i dont wanna go to school tommorow ... man , now i gotta go do my psych homework D: 
yay delay ! 
home from school , about to go to work . bleh . [ http://formspring.me/boldfiercesassy ] 
i think my friend is on this thing we like to call crack cocaine ... /'9;i87ytkrvgt7hy8kui9o0lp[\\ <----- see ? 
happy < PROPFIRST>'s day everybody ! doing homework :( 
my head hurts sooo bad ... and i have to finish this homework so i cant go to bed until im done : ( 
alll done . going to sleep . see you tomorrow at school . 
considering getting a droid as my new smartphone && giving up my blackberry curve . what do you think ? 
out . good night . 
whoops . off to rehearsal be back later . 
just got accepted to ohio state university ! :) 
practice for all-state . then work . then homework . talk later . 
i guess i should go to sleep now . out . 
i dont think im ever going to sleep . :( 
found the perfect prom dress . and now i guess i'll do my homework . 
dont look at me like im stupid . i'll surprise you . doing homework . 
all state audition tomorrow . oh man . 
cuz they got nothin ' on you , baby :) 
stupid scholarships . and stupid homework . and stupid job . :( 
i hope you dont think i dont realize that you are ignoring me . im not stupid . 
homework . then bed . and school in the morning . how fun . NOT . 
stressed out , uptight , overworked , riled up , unleash what you got , let's explore your naughty side :) & hearts ; 
out with the old and in with the new girl . & hearts ; best song ever . for right now at least . 
off to work . talk later . :) 
going to sleep . vcu in the morning . super excited ! 
vcu is soooo pretty . and black && white was fun . and now im doing scholarships . and then work . bleh . 
not trying to wake up earlier than i already do . :( off for the night . 
got my charger to work somehow . about to do all of my homework really quick before it stops working ! 
< PROPFEMALE > diaries soundtrack && homework . then sleep . & hearts ; 
about to have an amazing weekend . just have to make it through tomorrow . and then the fun begins . :) 
got accepted into the scholars program at ohio state !!! off to work >.< 
out . :) talk soon . 
< PROPFEMALE > in wonderland was reallllly good . :) 
doing homework and scholarships . and then my meeting tonight . :) 
staying on top of everything . now on to homework . :( 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Banks Shabazz , i would really appreciate it if you didn't let < PROPMALE > eat allll of the food while i go to work . thank you , the kid that starves :) 
off to work . then homework and gs stuff . excited for tomorrow ! :) 
just got home :( off to do one worksheet and then bed :) its a beautiful thing . 
cleaning . then birthday dinner and sleepover for my frannnn . :) talk tomorrow . 
community service . fine arts festival . homework . work . then sleep . busy day tomorrow . :( 
stupid bio homework . 
fusion is on crack . ohhhmmyyygooooddd . 
if there was ever a time when i didnt want to go to work , it would be now . thank you brusters . :( 
leavin stafford to go to visit osu :) be back soon ! 
osu is looking nicer and nicer . might just become a buckeye ... who know , because i definitely don't . 
about to go to sleep . then off to run errands tomorrow . and then work to end the day . how fun . 
change of plans : going to kd to ride the intimidator . im scared . 
at kd for the day . and then I'm off to work . states tomorrow ! 
sooo tiff got a flat tire . but < PROPMALE > fixed it . and then the cop tried to give us a ticket . on the way home . and then work . hopefully . 
had a long weekend . only one day left of spring break left . then three days and im off to florida . :) 
getting ready to go to work . and then all of my spring break homework . stupid senioritis . :( 
guess i should start my homework now huh ? 
happy . and for no reason at all . :) 
florida tomorrow . can't wait . but i still have to go to school . bummer . 
on the bus to floridaa . 
eating in the hard rock cafe . :) 
shamu . :) 
at the house of blues . not too happy about this . 
about to be up all night . no bueno . 
prom stuff . :) and then softball game . go < PROPFIRST > ! 
going in for my interview . and then the fun beginnsss . :) 
cleaning my room . and btw , im not mad at you . its not your fault . :) 
officially going to be a buckeye next year ! going to sleep . long day tomorrow . :( 
i got ice in my veins , blood in my eyes , hate in my heart , love in my mind - lil < PROPMALE > , fits me so well right now 
fml . ;( 
don't talk to me . ever again . ever . 
just got home from work . :( and no , im not exaggerating . worst weekend ever . 
review stuff . then homework . then a meeting . then work . :( 
off to work . then some last minute cramming and homework . then ap stats exam tomorrow . crazzzyyyy ! 
Tyler-Leah < PROPMALE > brings me sanity :) finally about to get my life and future back on track ! 
do u have to work ? uh what are we doing right now ? < PROPMALE > ... 
s & e later . i really just want to leave high school and go to college like ... now . 
why my little brother getting hype off of wocka flocka ? wooow . his stuff is good though . 
i cant wait for springtime and i will turn into a butterfly . i will spread my wings and fly . july -- drake . 
did zumba with mom :) . about to do some homework and then relaxxx . 
am i in the wrong ? no , i dont think so .... 
off to work . talk when i can .... 
are we acting like a couple im just trying to get it straight cause im over here convinced that its too early for mistakes -- july -- drake 
on the phone with this boy ... :) 
concert later . last one ... super excited ! 
so tired from work today . sleep then work again from 11 to 5 . : ( 
sleep . workout . work . then ceremony tomorrow . busybee . :) 
sleep . then school . then workout ? off for the night . 
ceremony was nice . sleep . then school . :( 
whoops . off to work . 
arguing with people over facebook after midnight ? haha fun . and the chick has no clue who i am . 
don't go to daily grind today . they are doing a horrible job and don't have the inventory they're supposed to . sounds like another place I know ... 
i havent been on facebook in forever .... weird . 
done swimming . somebody missed out ... 
haha the school caught on fire ... about time something went down . 
why do i have this feeling that i should be slightly concerned ? \ 
and if i am for the right reason , honestly , why me ? 
maybe redemption has stories to tell , maybe forgiveness is right where you fell , where can you run to escape from yourself ? 
i don't love you right now . that is a mean joke to play on people . 
ugh . doctor appointments , transcripts , financial aid ... im not liking college right now and im not even there yet . 
anatomy field trip . :) 
what am i supposed to do when the best part of me was always you and what am i supposed to say when im all choked up and you're ok ? im falling to pieces ... & hearts ; 
banquet . talk soon . 
im mucho proud of you Tyler-Leah < PROPMALE > ! have fun at beach week :) i'll see you next week at graduation ! 
went to work for 45 minutes only to be sent home right after . fml . 
my car is officially getting fixed . its about time :) 
life is pretty amazing right now . :) 
senior picnic . then work later . talk soon :) 
excited for tomorrow . :) talk soon . 
finally something goes right . :) graduation rehearsal in the morning . then work later . talk soon . 
grad practice was quick . now off to ihop for some foooodd :) . 
great night . :) about to go to sleep and then workout , work , and some california business . 
san fransisco is niiiiccee . :) psssst , I miss you . 
its < PROPFEMALE > cold but I'm waiting for a chicago-style pizza so I can eat . :) 
seeing toy story 3 . :) talk soon . 
at the gay pride parade . :) 
just left hooters . :) about to catch the bus and go to l.a. I'm ready !!! 
last night in los < PROPFEMALE > . :( breakfast in the morning with < PROPFIRST > and then off to ohio ! 
on the plane in phoenix . about to fly to ohio for orientation . go bucks ! 
just made it to my room at orientation ... I hate it . :( 
happy birthday big brother ! its definitely different without you here ... 
on my way back to < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
lebron is about to be some garbage on the heat . < PROPMALE > is gonna dominate him . 
i & hearts ; shopping for college ! really want some apple pie .. be back on later . 
just made a skype :) you should add me !! 
off of work for the day . about to have a much needed girls ' night with < PROPFIRST > Kozar :) 
Today was a sucess : ) work tomorrow and then maybe inception ? 
chiiiiiiill . no plans for today : ( 
chilling with the girls for the night . :) 
im in such a good mood i bought my little brother a gshock with my own money . whats wrong with me ? 
dinner with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) talk soon . 
work 11 to 5 . then gym maybe ? and hopefully a nice nap . :) 
about to do a quick workout . and then who knows ? but my birthday is tomorrow . :) 
about to get my tattoo . ohmygoodness . :) 
thank you for the birthday wishes . :) work at 12 and then who knows ? 
Good night with the girls . : ) work 9 to 5 and then the fun begins ! 
we got free fries at chickfila bc they thought we were cute ... eventful night to say the least . : ) 
please tell me this is a joke .... bc im still laughing :) 
Laundry , work , and then funnnn ! 
this , right here , is my , swag . work later . and then who knows ? : ) 
woooow . people are so bold . work later . then sleep . and repeat . 
spongebob movie . : ) then work . 
Bad news : I shouldn't be doing this . \ 
Good news : I'll be having fun though . 
Work . Text me so I don't get bored . : ) 
I'm feeling yummy head to toe : ) 
at va beach with two amazing people . : ) 
oh man ... not how I expected it to be . 
helping the bestie move in to vsu . : ) 
&& i put my arms around you && i hope that you won't hurt me . & hearts ; 
just changed my < PROPMALE > && school hasn't even started yet ... this will be interesting : ) 
I like how people complain that they receive too many notifications by commenting && sending out even MORE notifications ... 
falling asleep to karoake by drake . off to see someone i & hearts ; in the morning . work later . 
Day off tomorrow ... I guess I'll start my summer reading . 
off to work . then < PROPFIRST>'s with some amazing people . 
my mommy reaaaaalllllyyyy loves me . : ) off to move people into < PROPMALE > in the morning . then work later . 
going to bed . work later . 
people need to catch a hint ... 
countdown for osu : 2 weeks . work tomorrow . and then maybe i'll start packing ... 
sooooooooooooo bored . omg . 
doctor's appointment . work . then maybe a peek at the football game at cfhs . and then my hair is getting done ! finalllyyy ! 
gooooo bucks !!!! 
i get excited over the smallest things . like zebra osu sweatpants . : ) 2 more days in stafford . lets go ! 
packing party in my room : ) 
move-in day . : ) 
tornado warning . for 15 minutes . really ? im not sitting in the hallway for that . 
free movies tonight ! seeing devil : ) classes start tomorrow . can't wait ! 
already went to my first class and got out early : ) doing laundry , then eating lunch with the roommates , spanish , rural sociology , and dinner . then hopefully getting my new phone set up and having a convo with the lil bro . : ) 
fb game today ! Go bucks ! 
Homework day in the dorm . Reading this stupid book , then studying for Spanish and doing chemistry . 
why is it colder than than the low for the day ? three classes , and then induction ceremony for mount ! i miss you < PROPFIRST > Banks Shabazz ! 
one class down . two to go . about to do some laundry in the basement and study for chemistry . i just wanna take a nap soooooo bad . : ( 
studying chemistry and rural sociology . then showering and going to sleep . night fb . 
Not how I wanted to spend my Saturday night . Homework day tomorrow . 
one class down . doctor's appointment . studying . two classes . and hopefully some free time before i do even more studying . no bueno . : ( 
I like it on the floor : ) 
finishing up some homework , then going to the gym , and peacing out for the night ! 
has finally began to feel homesick . i want my family && my bed . 
Everyone that is cheering for wisconsin right now , we are not friends . This is stupid . 
has been up since 540 . went to the gym and my seminar . about to do some homework then off to class . mount meeting tonight . hopefully i dont fall asleep until im completely done with everything . 
is mentally preparing herself to drop out of school . anyone wanna come with me ? 
first time in the library . studying for chemistry . let's gooooo ! 
just rearranged my closet . about to knock out my homework for the weekend . 2 more classes to go && hopefully the fun can then begin : ) 
the main reason why i cant get bored in college : online shopping .... cant wait until tonight : ) 
IT'S\ 
BROTHER WEEK . If you have a brother who has made you laugh , tortured \ 
you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , \ 
saw you fall , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , \ 
& you can't do without , copy and past this to your wall . i love && miss my two brothers . : ) 
Happy birthday to a great guy ... happy birthday < PROPFIRST > :) 
Sooo confused . Please figure out what it is that you want because I can't do this anymore . 
Studying for chemistry . Btw , mom && dad , I'll be fine . : ) 
a white mocha && a muffin for breakfast just makes everything better . can't wait for the weekend to get here . i need some sleep . for reall . 
ughh i miss him soooo muchhh today for some reason ... 7.9.09 & hearts ; 
doing homework && listening to slow jams . & hearts ; 
soooo i guess i should do this now ... why wassup ? & hearts ; 
about to have the worst winter schedule in the world . so maddd . >.<\" , 2010-11-09 12:58:30 " 
so what am i taking next quarter ? chem 122 , bio 113 , psych 100 , hims 500 ( same as amp 500 ) , and tap dancing : ) 
trying to convince myself i found one , making the mistake i never learn from ... i swear i always fall for your type & hearts ; drake 
I want to , you know I want to , but it's this one rule , and it's keeping me from giving you my love & hearts ; Danity Kane 
back from the retreat . finishing up some homework . two classes tomorrow && then the weekend begins . : ) 
Looking like a superstar when i roll through && shawty im da truth , so mama what it do ? & hearts ; 
it's weird ... you know the end of something great is coming , but you want to hold on , just for one more second ... just so it can hurt a little more & hearts ; .. so deep . 
sunday = homework day . this is gonna suck . 
studying . spanish . then deciding if i should go to dance class or skip , nap , and study more . then chemistry midterm #2 . oh dang . :/ 
: ) 
being completely unproductive in the library . oh goodness .... 
Beat * ichigan week ! We r about to go ha **** ! 
dance class && then so*e fun with the girls && watching people be co*plete idiots tonight : ) 
back in < PROPFEMALE > : ) sooo excited to eat to*orrow && pu*ped to see * y fa*ily ... it's still beat * ichigan week though ! 
about to pack everything up to head back up north to ohio ... the big ga*e is to*orrow !!!!!! cant wait ! 
you see right through me ... & hearts ; 
it's snowing in ohio && they played < PROPFEMALE > on sloopy during the vs fashion show ... im really happy right now . : ) 
< PROPFIRST > Casteel : eminem got 10 grammy nominations yesterday ... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Ley : i dont doubt it , he's a beast ... \ 
i'm rubbing off on my roommate lol : ) 
< PROPFIRST > Hart tonight ... let's goooo ! 
had my last class for the quarter today .. about to take a nap . then who knows what for the night && hopefully burlesque tomorrow ! ( yes mom , i will be studying all between all of that if youre wondering ... ) 
just got a twitter ... oh goodness ... follow me , TeeShabadd . 
eventful day already , even though it started pretty late . staying up late to study chemistry && spanish . can't wait to go home on friday . & hearts ; 
tell me what you want , no more hoping && wishing .... & hearts ; ne-yo . getting distracted . studying for the rest of the day . 
2 down , 1 to go . can't wait to go home friday . definitely gonna miss some people though . & hearts ; 
sooo i guess im doing < PROPFIRST > for this one person ... \ 
31-you are super amazing ... i miss having you in my spanish class bc you were definitely a great distraction lol . i know your doing amazing in college && when you graduate , i will be asking your sister all about u && ur whereabouts . i hope i get to see you over christmas break since i havent seen you in person in who knows how long ... 
33-you suck lol . i definitely said i wasnt doing these but whatev . i love you to death , my bestest friend . we are gonna < PROPFEMALE > over break when we are both in va :) definitely have had some good times && i'll always remember that you like milkshakes for some reason lol . come by brusters so i can treat you to something ! dont you ever forget about me && you need to teach me how to glide !!! for real this time .... 
16-we go wayy back lol . even though nothing really happened freshman year , I'm glad I got to know you better if anything else . we should really be friends again && actually talk to each other . idk what happened ... I hope all is well w/ the gf & I hope she makes you happy : ) 
6-i don't think everything is gonna fit lol . I love riding w/ u n ur car , eating fast food , going to parties where I didn't do too well , discovering my taste for music , and wind ensemble rehearsals lol . I wish u were closer to me so I could see u all the time ! We r going to bk when I get back in va ! 
3 : ) -may i just say that im glad that whatever we have going right now is real . kinda hard to describe . you make me smile && laugh && i can talk to you forever .. whether it be something so serious or gullah gullah island lol . next quarter will be rough but i plan on sticking around . just you wait && see . & hearts ; 
soooo bored . 1 more final to study for && then off to < PROPFEMALE > . finally . & hearts ; 
about to study a little for this last final . then i have to figure out how to fit all of this stuff in these little bags . smh . theres no way im flying back to ohio . my stuff doesnt fit in bags . i need containers . for real . & hearts ; 
Guess who's backkk ?!? < PROPFEMALE > for 3 weeks : ) 
123-you are a really chill guy && i definitely like spending time with you in the low brass section lol . i hope you are doing welll with your high position in the band and i will be cutting a step with you soon enough : ) you know i have to poke my head in the band room and see whats going on ! 
uuuuhhhh can everyone stop sending me < PROPFIRST > please ? im not playing ... sorry . 
one love & hearts ; < PROPMALE > songz . & hearts ; work later . come visit me . 
work . then movies for the night . gym in the morning . about to do work ! : ) 
just need a little bit of $$$ in my pocket so i can get my hair done .... cant wait : ) 
been described as \a small bunclde of joy && cuteness\ " .. lol that would be me ! " 
don't hate me cuz im beautiful . & hearts ; 
workout was crazyy this morning . about to go to work . then < PROPFEMALE > && the frog tonight ? i think so & hearts ; . 
jamming to biebs since SOMEBODY told me to turn him off last night : ) working on my applications . work later . blehh . 
finally know what im getting everyone for christmas ... too bad i have to wait until i get paid again to afford it all . smh . 
Church :) 
why has my skype been connecting for two hours ? that thing will NEVER connect ... movie time then bed . & hearts ; 
about to workout . then work later ? idk . 
im sooooo done its ridiculous . i wish i could talk to you right now . you always made me feel better . 7.9.09 . 
i wanna go to hooterss !!! 
something better come through this week or imma be in a bunch of trouble : ( 
still havent seen everyone that i wanna see ... hit me up if u wanna < PROPFEMALE > for real . & hearts ; 
i guess im about to get out of the house . : ) gone for the day . htc & hearts ; 
most fun ive had in a long time . & hearts ; its new years < PROPFEMALE > ! 
i feel bad since i still didn't see everyone i wanted to see before i went back to school . : ( sorry guys ! 
soooo this 4.0 is only possible by dropping yoga : ( need the extra time to study for chemistry ... on my way to the library . bio later . & hearts ; 
doing work today . & hearts ; 
class until 5 today . then who knows ? & hearts ; 
happy birthday to my mommy < PROPFIRST > Banks Shabazz :D thanks for being super amazing && faaaaaaaaantastic lol : ) 
this is gonna be a lot harder than i thought ... studying chemistry now . super busy day tomorrow . im gonna be dead when i finally sit still . 
trying to learn this medical terminology && take these quizzes online asap ... at least i know im not the only one who forgot i had something due at midnight ... 1 down , 1 to go : ) 
typing up essay question after essay question ... i dont like this one bit .... 
no class today : ) studying all day instead . two quizzes tomorrow . leggoo ! 
doing a lot better in my classes this quarter than I thought ... maybe I should go to the brary more often : ) 
im about to throw my printer out the window ... this thing sucks ... for real . 
who got an a on her psych midterm ? MEEEE !!!!! bowbow :P 
finishing these essays ... then homework && studying for the rest of the day ... hopefully movies later with my main chica ? we'll see & hearts ; 
schools up north are a trip ... cant believe they got me ice skating to class on these sidewalks ... these ppl b falling though ... too funny : ) 
why does this girl Aubrie Rice keep tripping over anything&everything in this room ? lmbo poor girl ... 
i dont like seeing my friends sad .. it only makes me sad . night fb : ( 
anyone want a basketball ticket ... i dont want mine anymore ... 
today is < PROPMALE>'s birthday : ) i really wanna wear my < PROPMALE > shirt to bed , but i cant find it ... : ( 
i aint got no cookies for youuuuu : ) skyping with < PROPFEMALE > Simmons ... 
sooo i go to my chemistry tutor appointment , show her my midterm && what i got wrong ... and she couldnt figure out some of the problems ... im concerned < PROPFIRST > Banks Shabazz Asmar Shabazz < PROPFIRST > Hairston 
what do i do on saturdays ? play super smash bros with the boys && go to the mall ... bowbow . 
went to go get a package ive been waiting on && got 3 more packages !!! ahhh thanks troop 2096 , < PROPFEMALE > Hammack , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for all the food , stuffed animals , valentines , and candyyyyyy !!!!! 
happy valentines day everybody & hearts ; : ) 
officially the uniform manager for the ohio state marching band !!!! : ) so excited ! 
ummm why does osu basketball suck right now ?? 
my english teacher never taught me how to write a personal statement . i have no idea what im doing ... HELPPPP !!!! 
chem midterm went well && im going to michigan for spring break & hearts ; good way to end my wednesday !! night fb ! 
skinny marinky dinky dink , skinny marinky doo , i & hearts ; you !!!! lol < PROPFEMALE > much work to do tonight blehh 
how did I end up right here with you after all the things that I've been through ? & hearts ; drake - show me a good time 
< PROPFEMALE > : ) 
sooo i dont feel comfortable being this far away from home when people are getting shot on the same street i live on ... i thought i lived in the suburbs ... 
busy busy busy ... 
mondays suck ..... filling out applications&&studying all day . oh&btw , i love my mommy , < PROPFIRST > Banks Shabazz ! 
studying for this lab final tonight . then princess&the frog !!!!!!!!!!!! 
idk how my day completely fell apart the way it did ... hopefully tomorrow is better ... going to bed . 
I didn't know sticky notes were an efficient way of stating a problem ... because they aren't . write me another sticky note&see what happens . 
cant wait to leave for miami !! yay habitat for humanity : ) 
I'm in miami ! Shopping&beach all day ! :) 
Let's go bucks ! OH-IO !!! 
I know my < PROPMALE > friends are upset , but did you really think you had a < PROPMALE > ? Boo < PROPMALE > ... Go Bucks ! 
Got super dark , got a heat rash , and got a cold , but hfh was completely worth it ! Miami spring break 2011 = success ! 
back in cbus . class starts tomorrow . super salty . 
this quarter is gonna be a rough one ... but i'll get through it : ) 
why oh why is it snowing in cbus ? i wanna go back to miami :( 
the other teams can suck eggs , shove nuggets , kick rocks && blow bubbles : ) yay team health ! 
