you thought you were there to guide me , you were only in my way 

is keyser soze . 
ain't gonna work on < PROPFEMALE>'s farm no more . 
has desert eagle point five oh written down the side of his , which should precipitate your balls into shrinking along with your presence . 
sorta like 7-11 , not always doing business , but always open . 
Ekke Ekke Ekke Ekke Ptang Zoo Boing Zow Zing 
live fast cause if you dont take it youll never make it 
never lived in fear i knew i'd die another day . 
whos that faggot on he wall with a tuba ?! fuck salt ! 
never thought wearing regular clothes could be so exciting . 
found out why you should follow dishwasher/microwave safe ratings . 
I never lived in fear I knew I'd die another day I never viewed my life as something ... slipping away \okay record this goddamit . im gonna play some drums . \ " the rev " 
oj tainttaint * click*click 
please spell all texts to my fone phonetically so my text message reader can understand you . 
jer is spanish for her . 
bie . 
You're not the only one refusing to back down you're not the only one so get up let's start a riot 
hungover movie day 
has a drivers license ? and a motorcycle permit ? confused . 
chickity < PROPFEMALE > you have ? 
is gettin shit turned around . 
aqua teen hunger force . number one in the hood g . 
it could be worse , a woman could cut off your penis while youre sleeping and toss it out the window of a moving car . 
everyone go watch fight club . 
la morte mi troverà vivo 
wants to be the next stig . 
wants to go fast . 
cigarrette butt happy twice . thats she what she said . 
thinks you should give someone something to smile about for the rest of their life . 
break-3dg 
bunnies freak me out . 
the wind is really about to blow my house down . 
chevelle sleep apnea 
possibly worst fortune cookie evar . you constantly struggle for self improvement - and it shows . wasnt mine . 
chevelle - fell into your shoes 
just got finished trying to explain basic relative motion to a bunch of anonymous tards . Today has not been a complete waste . 
is thinking of moving to road atlanta . mountains were awesome . time to step it up . 
Fiscally responsible ... No . How many times you live ? Fuck it . 
i dunno whos texting me ... please stop . its like having a ridiculous itch while wearing a space suit while lifting off . not going to happen . no matter what . fb is unfortunately the only way to get hold of me . for those that are now unstoppably tempted to text ... stop yourself . 
op fp has been green lighted . opfor minimal . proceed as planned . monkey took the banana . 
ze australians were like ... wtf mate ? 
Fuckin ' what the fuckin ' fuck , who the fuck fucked this fucking ... How did you two fucking fucks ... fuck ! 
is half man , half bear , half pig . 
tending your wounds , thinking of adding another 
who tecksted me ? 
curse instrumental 
long legged pissed off puerto rican . 
AHHH !!! zombies . scary shit . which made me think of ahhh real monsters . more awesome oldschool cartoons ? 
has over 3300 songs on random to find the right music for the mood . 
Hells yeah Ferrari , 1st and 2nd in the season opener . Schumacher still made points , not sure how i feel about that yet . 
ugh 
i need more cowbell ! and if youce got it , sport some ferrari 
how can i be lost , if i've got nowhere to go ? 
is leaving for nc at 1130 wednesday . 
nc went as expected . drunk . < PROPMALE > out with good peoples . back in ga ... and drunk again . my neck hurts . 
if i went and said i was emperor because some moistened bint lobbed a scimitar at me theyd put me away ! 
To begin whipping Dance of the Dead , Color our world Blackened ! 
what happened to spring ? i want my high 50's and low 70's back ! 
Stand tall . They’ll break your heart . Stand tall . They’ll smash your ego . Stand tall . They’ll tear you down . Stand tall . Scar your soul . 
needs more ink . A fair amount really . 
i dunno if anyone noticed ... but the weather listened to me . almost completely . i said low 70's and high 50's ... this is pretty close and i will no longer complain . thank you weather . 
woohoo ! im getting better at doing assignments ... too bad the semester's almost over . 
wants to be out . anyone around atlanta want to < PROPFEMALE > out and do something free ? like sit around and laugh at things that probably arent that funny or other fun free things like that ? 
Atreyu - The Curse , Bullet - The Poison & Scream Aim Fire , A7X - Waking the Fallen & Sounding the Seventh Trumpet . Repeat all , shuffle . Time to terrorize 85N ... YAY !!! 
fried , but enjoyed the process of getting burned as badly as i is . suzuki superbike showdown always has and , as long as it continues , always will be an awesome event . 
name that tarantino scene : background music is Stuck In The Middle With You by Stealers Wheel . go . 
doesnt like the stupid wetness . 
The remainder is an unjustifiable , egotistical power struggle at the expense of the American dream 
COPS EVERYWHERE !!! Really . From Stone Mountain to north Gwinnett via 285-85 I saw 14 . Dekalb county is in reg crown vics but in gwinnett they are black unmarked new impalas , possibly gsp , hiding on the shoulder of the hov < PROPFIRST > . watch out ! 
People seem to like me because I’m polite and I’m rarely late . I like ice cream and I really enjoy a nice pair of slacks . Years later , a doctor will tell me I have an IQ of 48 and am what some people call mentally retarded 
with a gun barrel between your teeth you only speak in vowels . 
the only thing thats been on my mind , is the one thing i need before i diiiiiiiiiiiiee ... 
hold on hold i always wanted this waaaaay !!!!!! 
is about to go get wet . 
OWWWWWW ! 
three days grace gets better live each time . i also come back with more bruises and stuff . little bit of somebody elses blood ... left thigh destroyed , damn good time . 
hells yeah dai !!! just wish essa hadnt lost his cool against gitten . 
sleep ! 
The world is a joke when out of love Please come back to us You're all of the above I'm making a choice to be out of touch Leave me be he said 
phones dont like swimming . just letting everyone know ... and if anyone has a sprint telephone they consider extra ... let me know ? 
is so damn tired . 
eating may be one of my best talents . 
oh yeah ... i fixed phone again . 
i like to paint i like to draw , but that doesnt mean i can kick a soccer ball . 
apologizing in advance for those on 985 . just keep driving as usual and act as if im not there . i wont be for more than a few seconds . just a loud black < PROPFEMALE > buzzing past you . 
found out that rye street is actually rice street . learn something new everyday i guess ... just wish it wasnt firsthand . 
had a long day at the pool with some crazy ladies . 
which one is it ? \ 
its the one that says bad mutha fucka . 
everyone in the < PROPMALE > army has heard of < PROPMALE > stiglitz . 
my motorcycle for sale . get in touch if interested . 
really needs a fix ... 
you should have known\ 
the price of evil\ 
and it hurts to know that you belong here 
sneaky fucking russians ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s grace instrumental 
Love bar food 
offspring ..... 
has decided underwear are for thermal insulation and holes in innapropriate places in clothes . 
Basically the rule of thumb here is ... 
The Bear Jew doesn't have to do < PROPFIRST > shit for a Klondike bar . 
Put a banana in your ear ... 
Who put a question < PROPFIRST > on the teleprompter ? 
Just realized next month is St. < PROPFIRST>'s month ... 
Boom goes the dynamite ! 
He's jacking his little wenis ! 
