The voting has begun ....... do I keep growing the beard or kill it ? What do you think ??? 

Thinks the beard is a keeper ! 
Silence is a good thing ...... it brings peace and opportunity to reflect on life , however , IT IS VERY BAD FOR BUSINESS !!! ( Oh look , a tumble weed just rolled by ... ) 
Thinks this week will be more fun than what he wants .... 
Feels like his head has been lopped off and he is running around with out it ............ AH ! 
THE APPLIANCES ARE REBELLING !!! Grab me a hammer and a screw driver if you value your lives !!! 
Toaster Man is here to save people from unevenly toasted bread . Toaster Man also reminds you not to toast while bathing ; Your bread won't be the only thing that will become crispy ! 
Electricity can be friends with those that are not it's enemies . It's a SHOCKING ...... concept ! 
Is trying to go to school but my program just got canceled !!!! Any body have any suggestions ? 
IS PREGNANT !! Oh wait ... no , I think I just need to lose some weight ! 
Wishes he had school ... but also is glad not to have classes ! Short term happiness , long term disaster . :'( 
Finds that he is in a perpetual state of stop and go , stop and go , stop and go ........ 
\I am more un-normal that every one else ! \"" 
\I am more un-normal than every one else ! \"" 
Now has plates for his jeep ! YAY ...... I'm legal again !!!!!! 
Is thinking about going to ITT Tech for school . However , looking for payment options . $$$ 
Is having thoughts about work ... I hope I don't dream about work agian tonight , I want to get some real sleep ! 
Worked in his dreams all night long ... in my dream I had a guy trying to get me to fix his guitar that some airline broke . Thanks < PROPMALE > for the you tube video !!! 
Still beating his brains about going to ITT Tech . 
Thinks his head might explode ! LOOOOONNNNGGGGG day at work . Want to go home and die to the world ... 
Is it strange that I really like the over cast and all the rain ? I mean , it makes me happier instead of more misrable ! 
Thinks that General Conference is awesome ! Just maybe . 
Its a Monday ! 
Its a Monday ! :P 
Can't find all his marbles !..... Come to think of it , did I even have them to begin with ? Don't even get me started with the lose screws issue either ! 
Is asking you , his friends , what you think AJ should be when he grows up . What should he be ? 
Is planning to not just skate through life ! However , building a light saber can also pass the time . Now to only think up a Jedi name for myself ... 
Is going to the place of peace and solace today ! 
Is going to try his hand at pumkin soup ! 
Does not have is knife with him today !!!! The world IS comming to an end !!!!! AAAAHHHHHHHH !!!!!! 
AJ has his knife today ... phew ! 
Does not like customers that thinks he is stupid . 
Has once again discovered that day time tv really is nothing to get excited about . Ah , the joys of being at home sick ... 
Thinks that an alien is inside his stomic messing everything up ! 
YAY !!!!!.................................. SNOW !!!!! 
Again has relized how \interesting\ " some of the people on Main street can be . " 
Again has realized how \interesting\ " some of the people on Main street can be . " 
Is very happy that the Jedi Council allowed him to stay here on earth . 
Is showing kids how not to electricute themselves and succesfully take thier parents appliances appart . 
Got a Wii . Go figure ! 
Has advanced to the level of \Grand Master Screw Driver User\ " and also gained the ability to use \ " Screw Gun . \"" 
Perplexity is also a sign of confusion ... hmmm , so perplexing ..... 
Getting vamped up to smoke the turkey !!! 
Dubble Turkey Jeopardy !!! 
Can he smoke two turkeys in one day ? 
Good thing my head is screwed on tight or I might lose that too !!!........ Wait .... oh crap !! 
Is emotionally drained and feels like a deflated balloon . 
Up and running again ! 
Has discovered that his schedule is now not in his hands and has all been pre-planed for him . yay ... 
I didn't think there was a bullseye on my forehead ... 
Do you hear that sound ? Its the sound of silence ! Ah , peace at last . 
It may be cold , but it's not -40 ! Thank heavens for Utah winters ! 
Does not like to travel in the winter ! 
Is glad to be home again ! 
Has discovered the afternoon time warp ... I feel trapped in a perpetual state of 4:48 !!! 
Can not have a complete day without cutting , pinching , smashing , and/or electrocuting my self ... 
Why is there not a day that goes by that I don't hurt myself ? 
< PROPFEMALE > is ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is PREGNANT !!!!!!! There I said it ....... I couldn't hold it back any longer !!!!!!! 
Drained . Is there a way I can plug in and get recharged ? 
Snow ? 
Appliance Man is here to save the day ! 
Wow ... its Friday ! How did Friday get here so fast ? 
Where's YOUR lightsaber ?! 
Some times feels like Dr. Frankenstein when he has fixed an appliance . \It lives !!! IT LIVES !!!!!!! \"" 
Why do I have only cranky customers today ? 
Sunshine go away today . I don't feel much like dancing ... 
Is asking you if you have a copy of Microsoft office 2003/07 that you are willing to share with him ..... please ? 
Just had a nurse/secritary call for her \employer\ " to get parts for a KitchenAid . I wish I had some one to do menial tasks for me ! " 
Has a new couch ! 
Dr. Jones , THE appliance doctor , is in and will being seeing patients ranging from hair clippers to old toasters today . 
What is it about making lightsabers that make me so happy ? 
Master Jones will be completing another lightsaber soon . 
The neighborhood of my childhood is no longer what I remember ! 
Is rediscovering the < PROPFEMALE > today ! ( Like it was really lost ! ) 
\Laughs like a happy old man . \"" 
Running on full power .... for now . 
Electricity .... hear me roar ! 
Oh look , its winter again ! 
The school that I was planning on going to has also cancelled its electronics program ! Yaya for self ed-u-ma-cation !!! 
Blah blah blah . . . 
< PROPFEMALE > told me that she is fattening me up to make me look uattractive to other women . Am I fat for my own protection ? 
Has some awesome friends ! Thanks for all the Happy Birthday wishes ! You guys are all awesome !!! 
Does not have his phone today and feels very naked ! 
Is not naked any more ! 
Feels like he is going to die ... 
Finds out what < PROPFEMALE > and I are having today !!!! 
Its a boy !!! 
What was once dead is now among the living ......... again ! 
Has started to crave ribs ! 
Who wants a light saber ? I can make you one ! 
Lives the life still unscripted .... Whats my line again ? 
Not that its a bad thing .... but , why is every one getting married in March ?! 
Is it wrong to really like the overcast that we have right now ? 
Is it wrong to talk to the appliances that I am working on ? 
Almost died at the hands of an espresso maker ! 
Lives to combat the evils of espresso makers again ! 
Shear drive is the only reason why I am up and moving today ..... 
Wishes Comet was all shiny and new again . . . 
What are some books that will be good reads that I might like ? 
Likes classic books to read ... do you have any suggestions in what I shoul read ? 
Needs money to miraculously appear ... Not really needs as much as wants ..... 
Will you donate to \AJ Wants A New Camera\ " fund ? " 
The reign of the evil esspresso makers have ended ! Today will be a day to remember . The day that the Appliance Warrior triumphed over the scalding fiends in ferocious battle !!! 
What surprises will I get today ? Being shot in the eye with scalding water .... cutting my self on something thats not even sharp ... banging my knuckles trying to get a screw out ... or will it be my personal favorite , electricution !? 
Has a male customer that really likes him ... in a way that's creepy ...... 
Misses the rainy days like this on my mission ... You walk out dry and within three seconds you're soaking wet ! 
Does not like cavities ... 
Flesh Spider ? 
Please learn English if you are going to live in < PROPFEMALE > !!! Don't get all upset at me because I don't understand a thing you are saying ... we speak English here !!! 
The \Unusual Law\ " goes as follows : The more unusual the indvidual is the more unusual their request . \ 
What season are we in again ? I just can't remember ! 
Might be having a baby sooner than I thought ... 
Still running around screaming naked ... NAKED , NAKED , NAKED , NAKED !!!! 
Starting to make another lightsaber ! YAY ! ( My inner geek is comming out to play again . ) 
Getting anxious . 
Finnished another lightsaber ! Pics soon ... 
Pictures of a new Light Saber are up ! 
Now for the waiting game ... when will the baby come ? 
I am missing a part of my self today ... I feel naked ! Any guesses as to what it is ? 
Feels naked with his hat . 
Doctor said that < PROPFEMALE > will not make it to the due date ... I feel just a ' little ' anxious . 
This will be the longest week EVER ! 
Anticipation might kill me ! 
What will the doctor say today ? 
One more day ! The baby will be here ! I feel like a little kid on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! AAHHHHH !!!! 
Hanging out at the hospital . The waiting game has started ! 
Doc says in the next hour or two ! 
Born 8:36 pm last night . 8 lbs 13 oz . 20 1/2 inches long ! < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Jones .... pictures soon to come !!! 
Don't like this roller coaster called , \Lifes Ups and Downs\ " . At least its far from boring ... " 
Today is < PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday !... We also get to bring < PROPMALE > home today !!! YAY !!! 
Has a new automatic alarm clock that never needs to be set ! Only downsides are that it has no snooze button and goes off randomly through out the day and night ... :) 
Some pictures of < PROPMALE > are up now ! 
With the powers invested in me , once again if have given life to that which was lifeless ! LIVE ! LIVE MY CREATION ! LIVE MY MIGHTY ....... waffle maker ?! 
The pleasures of insomnia are ones I've never found ... 
Only running on one cylinder today ... 
Ah ! The sweet smell of ribs being smoked ! No other smell like it ! 
Continues to lose his faith in humanity ... 
Today's battle includes killing espresso makers ... \ 
Espresso maker 1 AJ 0 
Might be time to get a bigger hammer ... 
Likes his new phone ! 
Never mind on the phone < PROPFIRST > needing ! 
Finds today to be a good day . 
Very thankful for good friends that tend < PROPMALE > during the day !!! 
Proving yet again that the customer is NOT always right ! 
Feels like a chicken with it's head cut off ! 
What is next ? 
< PROPFEMALE > good to be with old friends again ! 
Had a customer that got upset at me for charging him tax ... aka \hidden fee\ " to use his own words ! Where do these people come from ?! " 
With this week of fun I wonder what today will bring . 
Finally enjoying some vacation time in Island Park ! 
Treasures his little son and awsome wife ! 
Is thinking about making another light saber ! I could make you one ! Its the perfect time to build for Halloween ! 
You could be a Jedi for Halloween ! But you would need a light saber ... Have me build you one ! Halloween is getting closer and closer and now is the perfect time to get ready ! 
A new lightsaber is in the works ! The next one could be yours ! 
Is it possible to feel like a flat tire ? 
I've got one light saber done ! Could yours be the next one ? 
Why is it that I get all the weird customers that want to \help\ " me in some form or another !? " 
There is a tremor in the force . I fear a new darkness is dawning . A new evil will be faced . 
Jedi's can fix appliances ... if they choose to . 
Is missing old friends and friendships ... time has made us distant ... :( 
Might use a dremel to carve a pumpkin this year ! 
Only the first day of November and I am already thinking about the smoked turkey for Thanksgiving ! MMMMMMMMMMMM ! 
Cut myself with a butter knife last night ! 
Not excited to go to the dentist today ... 
Yes , that is a light saber . 
Loves the customers that wait till the last second for us to repair their mixer/food processor for Thanksgiving ..... and then they yell at us because they didn't think to get it fixed sooner and now have to wait till after Thanksgiving !!! 
Now on to the Christmas season ! 
I have given into this cartoon madness ! 
\I have to pee like a banshee needs to scream ! \"" 
Might be working on a new light saber ! 
Just might die ... XP 
With < PROPMALE > today ! YAY ! 
Enjoys good times with old friends ! 
This saber smith will work late into the night tonight . 
Learning the trade of a blacksmith would be awesome ! 
Is questioning the intelligence of the general public and fears that he might have been like them ... at one time . 
Looking for some one to watch < PROPMALE > all day on Fridays so that I can go to school and work . 
Looking for some one to watch < PROPMALE > all day on Fridays so that I can go to school and still work full time . Do you know anyone ? :) 
