If you are drowning I can save your but now , just got done a life guard course 2:30 -9 each day this week . Tomorow i am a life guard officially . 

Came to the conclusion : 5 hour life guard test + getting 4 hours of sleep = tired , but Im still going to stay up till atleast 2 tonight . 
Swords , plans , MURDER . your normal saturday . 
Is in Rangeley for a week ! 
Sun !!!... oh wait ... its gone 
Boosted his ego cause someone put him in there quotes . 
: I am having an awesome time on vacation with my cousins . 
A destination , a fading smile .. another station , another mile .... 
Is coming home ! 
Is seeing Rise Against ! 
Is really pumped up and really tired at the same time ! Rise Against was awsome ! 
They're gonna clean up your looks with all the lies in the books to make a citizen out of you . 
Is feeling slightly Insomniac . 
So why are you alone wasting your time ... when you could be with me wasting your time . 
Livin ' and dyin ' the stories that are true 
No on 1 is seriously losing ??? : / 
Is kinda sick .. and .. GO PHILLIES 
I'm up at 8 on a saturday ...! 
Stay with me ... right here in this instance ... not in the distance 
Im so energetic !!!!.... But Im so tired ....! 
Back from Lazer tag ! and my bros concert ... now VACATION !! 
Cause I want to be the minority ! I dont need your authority ! 
Going on a ski trip ! And Christmas in 2 days ... yeah for vacation ! 
Home for literaly 15 mins , then heading down to boston for a 5 a.m flight to the bahamas ! 
Sisters ! : / 
And the piano is this melancholy soundtrack to her smile 
Really glad its the weekend ... long day . tired . 
Facebook chat = sucky and laggy ! : / 
Lets Conspire to ignite all the souls that would die just to feel alive 
I cant afford to buy eight balls and I talk to myself on my facebook wall . :o 
Happy : ) 
They think they know my thoughts , but they dont know the least ; if they would listen to the words they would find the message underneath 
rainstorms take me away from the norm 
Woah its not raining ! 
someone save me if you can from my blasphermy in my wasteland . 
Just got back from the Muse concert ... it was insanly good !! 
Last day in maine ! 
About to leave the Fort Laterdale airport .... finally ... : ) 
Good skiing , pizza and kansas losing ! good day . 
Wtf CYY ... Beastie Boys are NOT close to as good as 311 
Is feeling blah ... good news : might be able see obama in portland on thursday ! 
Skiing at Saddleback shirtless in 80 degree weather ... its pretty awesome . 
3rd straight day of good weather ! Yay for spring 
Im sipping on some sunshine ; im gonna leave it for a moment in the afterlife 
We're fated to pretend 
Awake ... at 7:30 on a weekend of vacation .. looking forward to today though ! 
Thanks to everyone who wished me a happy 18th !! 
Lets go Celts ! 
So clear but so unheard 
Is physically and mentally exhausted .. plans for the rest of the day : relax !! 
It should not be .. this hard to see 
Graduated and done with highschool !! 
Damn , that just sucks ! 
First REAL day of lifeguarding tomorow !! 
I really really want pizza . That would cure my hunger nicely ! 
I'm going to be so damn tan by the time the summers over 
nostalgia big time 
Inception was one of if not the best movie I've ever seen 
Rain = No work . Thank you rain ! 
a conscientious objecter to the war thats in my mind . 
... Strange night !... 
Pats look pretty good today . 
3:30 ... can't sleep .. listening to music I used to listen to 8th/freshman year .. nostalgic . 
Fly away on my zephyr , I feel it more than ever , and in this perfect weather , we'll find a place together 
Hot Fuzz ! 
So I was just driving peacefully not bothering anyone , when I stop at a red light and when I go to accelerate my car starts compulsing and the motor is on overdrive like its having a seizure . I than had to work my way through Route 1 Kennebunk to get to a friends house while the car was baically flat-lining on and off . Pretty Exciting . 
Account Hacked . Get a better password genius . 
Password changed . Take that hacker ( < PROPMALE > ) 
Come ride with me through the veins of history 
Streelight Manifesto is a freakin ' amazing band 
I know when I'm wrong , and I'm sure as hell aint wrong this time . 
Going up to Rangeley for the weekend 
Just followed/chased 3 moose that were right outside my camp until they went off in the woods . 
off to go vote and be patriotic and such 
Whoever designs airplanes must hate tall people ! 
The guy who got me popcorn at the movies name was Gandalf . Pretty Awesome .. 
Almost no clouds .. 75 degrees . Florida is awesome . Only drawback is possibly missing the < PROPMALE > Potter midnight showing ! Unless I can convince my grandparents to let me borrow their car . I really hope they let me borrow their car .. 
< PROPMALE > Potter lived up to the hype , very good . 
Sublime turned up .. going outside in a t-shirt at 9 p.m at night . Warm with a nice feel to the air . It feels like re-living summer for awhile :) . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
leaving my house right now ... after 24 hours of driving and flying I'll be in SA ! 
just got into cape town ! 
just surfed in the indian ocean 
Today was are first real day at the school .. than played soccer on the beach , about to go out and watch some comedy thing . 
Inglorious Basterds is the perfect way to end a day 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes !! 
