:-( Cant Sleep ..... Wish I could just lay down and sleep :-( 

Broken not understanding why :-( 
Heart broken and I dont understand why 
Smile though your heart is aching , Smile even though it's breaking , When there are clouds in the sky , you'll get by , If you smile through your fear and sorrow , Smile and maybe tomorrow , You'll see the sun come shining through for you 
Light up your face with gladness , Hide every trace of sadness , Although a tear may be ever so near , That's the time you must keep on trying , Smile , what's the use of crying ? You'll find that life is still worthwhile , If you just smile 
Well FB I guess I shoud try to get some sleep ... Although I dont know how much selep I will get I should at least try . 
Fellin better about a lot of things ..... Still don't have a clue what to do about the car .... I will figure it out I guess 
To all you mommies out there , join the fun and re-post this . How much did your child(ren ) weigh at birth ?..... Rylan was 8lbs . 13oz :-) . 
Ready for the weekend .... Can't wait to see Booger .... Oh yeah and if anyone wants to come to a tuperware party my mom is having one saturday ..... Get with me and I will provide more info . 
Should have my phone back on today ...... Lets hope !!!! 
Its a quarter after 1 , Im all alone and I need u now ... Said I wouldnt call but I've lost all control and I need u now ... And I dont know how I can do without ... I just need u now ... I'd rather hurt than feel nothing at all 
Happy birthday to me :-) 
Ugh ! My allergies creeped up on me last night ... Congestion , cough , and scratchy throat .... Fun .... Shocked they haven't reared their ugly head till now :-( 
The more anger towards the past you < PROPFEMALE > in your heart , the less capable you are of loving in the present . 
You deserve to be with someone who makes you happy ... Somebody who doesn't complicate your life ... Somebody who won't hurt you ... Thats nice ... Where is he ? 
Had a bad mornin & was runnin late ... But somehow I ran in 2 NO traffic ... Got an awesome parking spot ... & got 2 work on time ... Maybe today will be a good day 
Ugh ! My AIM and Yahoo Messanger are not working ! This sucks ! 
Just so ready to finally be happy .... Love .... Work .... Money .... When is my luck gonna pick up .... Im not asking for a lot .... Just happiness is all :-( 
Watchin Rylan and < PROPFIRST > play in the pool :-) ..... They are so cute :-) !!! 
Friday ... My day off ... Lots to do ... So hot !!!... Wish the < PROPFIRST > had AC :-( 
My phone died and I lost all my < PROPFIRST > and everything :-( ..... Text me with your name so I will know whow you are and I can get the < PROPFIRST > back lol !!! 
I hate FedEx ..... They don't seem to be able to follow instructions and no because of it I have to go pick up my package !!!!!! GRRR FEDEX !!! 
Trying to fill out my application for The Biggest Loser between calls .... But some of these questions are a little hard to answer about yourself ..... And some are just to hard to put into the space provided ..... I am determined to try this though ..... After the finale last night ..... I know anything is possible ! Still need to find a video camers though lol and someone to run it too 
YAY !!! Full time hours starting again next month !!! God answers when you truly need it most .... Thank you God !!! 
Why does it always have to be me .... Why cant I get a decent vehicle that runs that I dont always have problems with !!! Everytime something looks up .... Stuff like this happens !!! I hate my < PROPFIRST > !!! I need something reliable .... and Cheap !!! 
I have no clue whats wrong with the < PROPFIRST > .... Or how im gonna get to work .... Ugh why me ! 
I hate this ... I hate my < PROPFIRST > bein broke down ... I have no clue how I am gonna get home . 
First the < PROPFIRST > ... Now my job ... Lord I don't know how much more I can take . 
God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors that no man can close ..... So I am praying \God you have closed a door ..... Please show me which path to take to find the next open door \"" 
Wanting to go see the midnight showing of Eclipse ... Sadly I have no way ... No money ... And no one to go with :-( 
Ugh I so badly want to be the theater at midnight tomorrow :-( 
Will I ever find Mr Right ? Does he even exsist ? I can't find him for sure ..... Not even Mr. Almost right lol ! 
Its better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all ..... I have always loved that quote .... There is a lot of truth in it .... I should know . 
Had a great chat with an old friend .... Catching up was long overdue ..... Gonna try to get some sleep before the munchkin wakes up ! 
Find that guy that will pick up every peice of your shattered heart and put it back together , keeping one peice for himself and replacing it with a peice of his . 
Makin cookies with < PROPFIRST > ! 
You know your a mom when you get excited over this ...... Rylan used the potty for the first time this morning !!!! YAY !!! 
Had a pretty productive day ... got stuff turned in for me to possibly get insurance .... got the parts for the < PROPFIRST > .... and got a few groceries .... Pretty productive to me at least lol .... Can't wait to get the < PROPFIRST > fixed so I am not stuck at home 24\\7 and I can have a life again lol !!! 
I hate it when there is that one person that you don't want them even to cross your mined ..... And just when you thought they were out of sight and out of mind ..... You suddenly see them everywhere and all it does is depress you !!!! UGH !!! 
Seriously thinking about giving up red meat ... sodas ... sugar ... eating after 7 ... and a few other things ... hmmm I wonder how much it will cost me .... well I will definatly benefit from it in the long run .... gotta get healthy .... tired of living my life like this 
I hate days like this when I feel so depressed and alone .... Depressed about my job situation ..... And of course as always depressed about my love life .... Just depressed wondering if I will ever find someone ... Ugh 
I wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and days before too . I think of you in silence . I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms . I have you in my heart . Repost this if you have someone in heaven .... 
Beginning to think I am having bouts of insomnia ..... Goin on about 2 to 3 hours of sleep from last night ... I just couldn't turn my mind off and fall asleep ... I hate having so much on your mind that you can't even turn it off to sleep 
Great !!! It's gonna be $300 plus parts to fix the < PROPFIRST > !!! Ugh !!! I hate bein unemployed and broke and without a vehicle !!! 
Mmm brocolli cheese and potato soup ..... Nice on a rainy day :-) 
Watchin a movie .... Wishin there was someone here watchin with me :-( 
If your family has been touched and tormented by cancer . Today is World \ 
Cancer Day - I'd appreciate it if you would post this request . 93% won't\ 
repost it . A small request . Just one line . Dear God , I pray for a cure \ 
for cancer . AMEN ! 
Seems to have bad luck with men .... No matter what role they play !!! 
Isn't it funny how your child can make u feel stressed all day then u look at them asleep and realize you love them more than anything in the world xxx 
Really not having the best day at all !!! 
Ugh ! I cannot get my child to keep clothes on !!! 
God how I lothe allergys !!! 
Cookin dinner .... Mmmm it smells good ! 
Doin a lot of thinking and ready to go back to school ..... Although I am seriously considering changing my < PROPMALE > .... Hmmm we well see ..... But I am going back in January no matter what !!! 
I want to find my < PROPFIRST > . 
Baked tilapia filets ... Garlic green beans ... Yellow rice ... Yum :-) ... I love cookin ! 
Unemployment ran out so now I am seriously desprate to find a job ... Gotta figure out what to do ... Please pray that something turns up soon ... Somethin has to turn up soon :-( 
Things have a way of working out . Never underestimate the power of prayer , faith and love ! 
I have an interview wednesday ! Yay ! Thank God ! Pray I get the job ! 
I HAVE ANOTHER INTERVIEW !!! PRAY I GET THE JOB !!! :-) 
I have a job ... Not the best ... But it is a job !!! 
So I got a job ... But now I gotta figure out how I am gonna get back and forth because I am broke ... This stinks ... Plus mommas blood pressure meds run out tonight ... :-( .... God I hate being broke 
Praise God ! I was able to find some help with gas and momma will have her medicine tonight ! 
Hating the new job ... But I think got put me here to get me through for now ... Something better has to be out there 
This is perfect ..... Now what am I going to do ? 
Had an amazing night last night :-) !!!! Ready for a fun day today 
This week compaired to the last few months has been awsome !!! Hope things continue to go the right way !!! Thanks to a good friend for a great time last night and my church family for the great time I had today !! 
Looking into going back to school now that I am working nights ..... I can get in more classes because the daytime classes are shorter !!! Yay me !!! 
Change\ 
your facebook profile portrait to a cartoon character from your \ 
childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday , \ 
December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse and invite your friends\ 
to do the same ! 
Hey everyone I finally got my phone turned back on ... YAY !!! But I don't have any < PROPFIRST > so if you have my number text me so I have your number ... If you don't just message me your number to my inbox so I can add it to my phone .... Thanks !!! 
Too much stuff to do today to try to fit it all in today ... Thank God I am used to nights so at least I can get done with the time restricted things and move on to other stuff ... 1st stop .... Walmart .... On my day off lol 
Ahh Christmas shopping done ... Running to the Christmas ranch ... Its raining so we might not get to see < PROPFEMALE > but lets hope ... Then off to the house to play wrap all the gifts and get a little sleep ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Hmmmm ..... Thats all I can say is Hmmmm 
the hardest but most rewarding job in the world is a single parent .. its twice the workload and twice the sacrifice .. but it also comes with twice the rewards 
I need to get out of this house for a little while ... Just to get away for a little while ... But unfourtunatly I have no way to go :-( 
** Inbox only ** 2010 is almost over ! Confess something you have always wanted to tell or ask me !!! ( 100% Private ) put this as your status . You might be surprised with what you get !!! 
Ugh not feeling work tonight ... Depressed and don't really know why ... Wishing that a lot of my issues would be resolved ... Meanwhile I am in a crappy mood :-( 
TGIF ... Well it may not be everyone elses friday ... But in Walmart time its mine lol 
Hard to believe that 2 years ago today I was in labor with my baby girl ... Of course she is as stubborn as her mother and didn't show her pretty little face till the next day lol !!! 
I'm off to get my beauty sleep . Yeah , I know ... I'm already so beautiful you can't stand it ! I promise ... a little more isn't lethal ... yet ! ;) Goodnight ! 
Ugh ... Work tonight .... I don't wanna .... :-( 
if you love me , comment on this status\ 
if you think i'm a good friend , like this status\ 
if you hate me message me why\ 
if you ever had a crush on me , poke me\ 
if you ain't scared , post this on your wall and see what u get 
well well well ... look who is here ... it's Friday . enjoy :) ..... Well my friday at least lol 
On a christian rock kick this mornin ... Lovin it ... I should listen more often !!! 
Not having a car sucks !!! 
