People die suddenly . Thats unusal . Make sure we're ready to meet God and put ourselves in good position to get into heaven . Many people say , live life , but time shows you that life is not guaranteed to you . Don't wait until you're dead to yell for Christ to save you . You got time now . One step at a time ... 

The weather is great . Sunshine once again . Almost time to go out into the wolf camp and present myself as a sheep , yet ..... ( I forgot where I was taking this ) 
God loves you . This is something we know , okay ! Now the question do you love Jesus ? The only way to love Jesus is to follow what he says . Do you do that ? Do you know what His commands are ? Holla at me . Its a tough , yet rewarding road ! 
What do you believe Jesus is ? 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , Kentucky USA little girl , 3 yrs old picked up by man driving gray ... car , license plate : Quebec 72B 381 . Canada . Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it , 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were your child .... what would you want people to do . Just now happening !!!!! PLEASE 
Lunch time joke ! A chinese couple gave birth to a black baby .... Husband ask wife why baby black ? \ 
Wife says : you hot , me hot , sex hot ,.... Baby bun up !!!! 
Grammar rule #13 : Capitalization is important . Its the difference between helping your Uncle < PROPFIRST > off a horse , and helping your Uncle < PROPFIRST > off a horse . 
Today is a good day . take advantage of what God wants you to do for Him . It'll be okay for you . Everything is temporary , especially when I go to work . 
So I guess women think its cool to have a haircut like a man now ? Getting shape ups and waves ? If you're NOT a professional model .... PLEASE grow your hair like a real woman . 
Those Cat Daddy dudes are so weird . The one dude has a tongur ring and other mouth rings . People think thats cool ? Whoa .... where are we going ? #downthedrain 
The ICOC is a true place to stay away from . 
Tme to smarten up .... 
If you know GOD put you here for a reason ... then there is nothing to fear ! Your time ... your moment ... your < PROPFEMALE > will find you ... even when you feel like you dont know how or when . Keep pushing forward even if you get pushed down ! The story of my life ! ( Shout to Sharifa T . Godfrey for this one ) 
Watching the < PROPFIRST > Leno show , I never knew < PROPFIRST > Hart was from Philly . 
People happy over Bin Jaden's death , but people better come to JESUS CHRIST RIGHT NOW ! Don't think they're not plottin to get back at the US . Its far from over ... its just gettin started .... get ya mind right ! 
What can < PROPFIRST > Bark say now ...... he's gonna hate .... pretty sure 
We going to the parade in Miami ..... We out my nigs .... HOLLA ! 
Whats good with all these wack sneaker and heel ads on facebook ? #Drawlinheavy 
Can't respect it ..... 
Man , Sixers still ....... GOH with every other team . Why are < PROPFIRST > fans in Philly ? That makes no sense . The whole city hates everything about < PROPFIRST > . Keep it real . 
Oh yeah ..... still can't stand Kobe fans .... they still phony and fake cocky like the bull they follow . 
Get to find a way out ..... 
So I went swimming instead of my basketball workout . Swimming is tough . definitelyy threw up after .... a real workout 
Its so funny how everybody goes to God when things are bad , but when everything is good nobody ever praises God ..... get it right folks ! S.N. Life is so bananas right now ! Almost makes me want to spaz ... 
I've just been HACKED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love dirtty south RAP !!!! and < PROPFIRST > WALL is my fav ! #checkit ! 
Realizing as soon as I got up , my whole life is embodied to faith and having God as my ONLY source . Since moving to Florida , every part of my life involves me depending on God solely . Its Good , but hard thing to do at first . Its getting better . 
God is giving us time to change to turn to Him . Are you still going to waste time making jokes about the earthquake ? Jesus words are real , so is Heaven and hell . Follow Jesus ' words . 
When you truly trust in God , everything in life goes so much smoother . I mean seriously smoothe like a baby butt ! 
Life gets better and better with Christ . I'm not even in chapter 1 in my grand story . I'm still in the introduction . Life is good even in the worst situations , if there are a worst . Perception , I've learned , is a lot . You have to see things thru the right perception or it'll mess you up every time . 
God WILL NEVER allow growth where there is no manager . Who will be able manage the growth He has for you , if you can't manage it ? God is a purposeful God . \ 
God WILL NOT answer our prayers , He will only gives us what we can manage . 
If the Spirit of God is not in you , which spirit is in you ? 
