Mercury Retrograde in Taurus : April 18 to May 11 , 2010 

Today in History\ 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and his gang < PROPMALE > their first train ( 1873 ) 
It is our choices that show what we truly are , far more than our abilities 
I have a mom who has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , saw me fail , cheered me on and kept me strong . Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! I love my mom ! Put this as your status if you love your mom ! 
With cannabis , it’s been around for thousands of years . There has never been a death – never been a death . Is there any other substance in the pharmacoepia about which you can make that claim ? I’m not sure there is . 
Happiness can be found , even in the darkest of times , if one only remembers to turn on the light . 
We must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy . 
I know that you believe you understand what you think I said , but I'm not sure you realize that what you heard is not what I meant ! 
Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure 
Once you go Relax , You never go back . ( Get a massage) !! 
Young people are so infernally convinced that they are right about everything . 
If you've dotted the i's and crossed the t's then you may do whatever you please 
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion . You must set yourself on fire . 
After all , to the well-organized mind , death is but the next great adventure . 
Live Life Like It Matters . 
Destination . Determination . Deliberation . 
Every moment that you spend upset , in despair , in anguish , angry or hurt because of the behaviour of anybody else in your life is a moment in which you have given up control of your life . 
God doesn’t send us the problem . He gives us the strength to cope with the problem . 
A particles quality is not predetermined , but defined by the very mind that is perceiving it . 
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death 
May the Force of the Universe Flow Through You with Ease . 
It's hard to move forward if you're just standing still 
I like it on the desk ... 
I think we dream so we don't have to be apart so long . If we're in each other's dreams , we can play together all night . 
Courage is not the absence of fear , but rather the judgement that something else is more important 
Love to go to work for 2hours and walk out with $130 in my pocket . 
Oh self cleaning oven , I never knew how empty a kitchen could be until I met you tonight ... 
At thirty , youth , with all it palliates and excuses , is gone forever ... 7 day countdown ... 
Wherever you are supposed to be , prosperity will be there waiting for you . 
Last day of my twenties ... 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME !!! :P \ 
Now what I want more than anything is for everyone to get into their car , or board a plane or a bus , and come to LAS VEGAS . Hurry ... the party never ends here ... What are you waiting for ... Come to Las Vegas ... 
Like this status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I learned about you ; 2 . The color you remind me of ; 3 . My first memory of you ; 4 . The animal you remind me of ; 5 . Something I've always wondered about you ; 6 . My favorite thing about you ; 7 . Give you a weird \nickname ;\ " 8 . Challenge you to repost . " 
Go where you will be celebrated , not just tolerated . 
Where are the photos of my son on halloween people ? Hello ? 
I think my obsessive love for < PROPMALE > Potter is perfectly fine , thank you very much ! 
SO SO EXCITED !! 
Put this as your status if someone you knew was killed by Lord Voldemort or any of his followers . As everybody knows , being killed by a killing curse , having your soul sucked out by a dementor , or getting petrified by a basilisk is a truly tragic fate for anyone ; muggle or wizard . 
OMG the movie was so fantastic ! Then to make the evening even better I decided to signup for rewards card . Because the theatre was in a casino lol . As I'm waiting for the rep to finish and give me my card I was looking around and spotted the kind of machine uncle < PROPFIRST > said was best to play on . So I put in my card and two dollars and not even 10 minutes later I became $95 richer ! YEAH ! I love living in Vegas 
Today I took the NCETMB National Certification Examination for Therapeutic Massage & Bodywork . I PASSED !! YEA !!!!! :) 
Guida la < PROPFEMALE > , Non Farti Guidare ! 
Faith it until you Make it ... 
HAPPY CHINESE NEW YEAR\ 
&\ 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPMALE > 
