thinks 340 undecillion is a LOT of IP addresses ! That's right around 50 octillion ( 50,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 ) per person on the planet !! And I thought I'd never need to know the names of < PROPFIRST > above a trillion ... 

has accepted an offer on our house in Hustonville !! 
is headed to Shakespeare in the Park . Yay !! 
wishes computers didn't need electricity and wireless internet was universally available . Ah well , home I go ... 
is dappled and drowsy and ready to sleep . Though I think \troubled\ " may be more accurate than \ " dappled \"." 
is grateful for birds singing , cool morning weather , and a day off . 
loves long weekends and holidays . 
is looking forward to starting yoga and to a concert in the park tomorrow . 
just got the news from Kokomo - Mr. Burkhalter has no jail time , only probation ! Worse than he deserves for something he didn't do , but the best we could hope for at this point . I guess the letters and witnesses for his character helped ! 
is planning to make pretzels . Wish me luck ! 
has a kazoo stuck in her guitar . :-( LOL ! 
went on a hilly 5 mile bike & hike and is all tuckered out and inspired to get in better shape . 
shouldn't think too much when she has a cold . 
is ready for a new week and a fresh start . 
No fairer mistress man can find No crueler could there be I am sailing still and I'll sail until The siren calls for me 
' s kids were amazingly well behaved this evening . 
enjoyed the ballet and is grateful to < PROPFIRST > for giving her the time to go . 
had a lovely Sunday . Many hugs for/from < PROPFIRST > for his birthday . Aren't toddlers great ?! 
is camping , hiking , exploring , caving , canoeing , or dinosauring . 
is spoiled after a week of vacation . Do I REALLY have to go back to work tomorrow ?? 
is sad about friends getting layed off at work . :-( 
is happy despite being sad , it's an interesting feeling . 
loves wrestling < PROPFIRST > on the waterbed . I'm glad I still have one young enough to do that ! 
wants to ditch karate tonight , but just remembered she's testing for a new belt . Bummer , no slacking tonight . 
is REALLY EXCITED for a kid-free , motorcycle-full weekend ahead ! 
has a red nose . Go ahead , call me < PROPMALE > , but please let me play some games . I also have a card that says I passed the tests ( written and riding ) for a motorcycle license . Ha ha ! No way am I road safe . 
finally posted pictures from vacation . 
thinks people should use their brains once in a while , maybe prior to jumping on the latest passing bandwagon . 
has a stupid cold . Smart colds know better than to mess with me ! 
- Does anyone want a ( lightly striped ) grey kitten ? 
is happy . 
is sad . ... j/k 
is going to eat breakfast twice tomorrow !!!! Yum ! 
is going to the Richmond gallery hop - sans kiddos . Yay ! It's been YEARS since we went with just the two of us . BTW , four kids touring < PROPMALE > studios is a frightening , exhausting , entertaining , family-happy thing . I'll never forget the year we ended by walking under a water fountain arch and walked back to the car , six soaking wet people . We got a lot of looks ! LOL ! 
has a very sweet son ( < PROPMALE > ) who loves her \too much and forever\ " . :-D " 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : if you are reading this even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you are finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised . 
loves cool people . My thanks to all of you that I love talking to or working with . 
- life according to my 4 yr . old , \a ' Happy Meal ' is when you get what you want . \"" 
is striking deals with her kids . 
is excited that Guitar Hero World Tour is coming to PC . 
logged into work for personal reasons and got distracted actually working . Again . :-D 
wants to talk to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Litster , but he's asleep and she should be , too . But how to go to sleep without talking to < PROPFIRST > first ?! Is that possible ?? I suppose I could talk to him while he sleeps , but somehow it's just not the same . 
- < PROPFIRST > is trying to convince me that monsters are real . He says he knows it's true because he didn't quite kill them all . 
My code's not right ! Aaaaaarghhh !!! No one should have to think this hard on a Friday afternoon ! 
will be celebrating 14 yrs . w/David tomorrow ! I'm currently making my first cheesecake in preparation . Hope it turns out well ! 
Why does Facebook say half my friends are from Vidyartha College ??? I wonder what else is messed up and why and whether they'll get everyone straightened out again . 
is clearing all kinds of junk off her computer . 
is going back to school ! 
is hoping to catch up on sleep this weekend . 
like emptiness in < PROPFEMALE > , I need someone to comfort me . 
had an awesome time with < PROPFIRST > tonight - puzzles , singing , dancing , and ice cream ! 
is proud of D.T. for earning his blue belt last night and looking forward to Museum Go Round at the Explorium today . 
is feeling inspired by friends who find ( and sometimes create ! ) the good in life . 
Costume crunch-time has arrived . 
is going to Mexico in December ! 
likes Halloween . A lot . :-) 
had a great Halloween ! 
is watching Much Ado About Nothing . You AMAZE me ! LOL 
is attempting to learn to play nice with others . Is it too late ? 
thinks it's okay to be human . 
is off to karate to work out some frustrations . 
is looking at snorkeling gear . 
is wishing < PROPFIRST > would either call or come home . That sounds like he's out being irresponsible , but it's my own fault that I don't know when to expect him . 
- < PROPFEMALE > says , \I like having parents like you and daddy because you're SANE ... in a way . \"" 
had a wonderful holiday weekend . Lots of Yum ! and Zzzzzzzz . 
I've been acting like a stranger , but you guys are all so strange . ( I'll be very impressed if anyone other than < PROPFIRST > can tell me what that's from ) 
- less than a week to Mexico ! 
is reading her friends ' status updates and going to bed SOON ! 
finally got through sorting pictures ! 
Brrrr ... Back home and cold . 
is looking forward to ANOTHER 3 days off !!! 
Happy New Year ! It's gonna be a great one !! :-D 
is goofy . 
is grateful for her family's rule that everyone makes a dinner once a week . No cooking for me tonight . Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > . 
can't remember the clever status update she was planning to post . 
is taking her first certification exam tomorrow . 
passed ! 1 down , 19 to go ! 
My status update this morning didn't ever show up ! I wonder - did I forget to click Share or did I click it after our internet went down ? 
My 12 yr . old is upset that I can't teach her \the basics of programming\ " so she can create her own Webkinz-like game tonight . ?! " 
is thinking about religion , spirituality , and community . 
is confused , but that's nothing unusual . 
is working on budget tracking and planning to clean and study pretty much all weekend . Nice and cozy catch up weekend at home . 
There's an INDIAN restaurant in Richmond !!!! YAY !!!!!!!!! ( And yum !! ) 
caught < PROPFIRST>'s cold . :-( 
had no idea this was Superbowl weekend . 
is tired of being in pain . I'm in awe of people who have chronic , painful health problems and manage to get through life with a good attitude . There are some amazing people out there . 
is studying , as usual for a Saturday . Trying to get through chapter 7 of my project management class this weekend . I'm also hoping to get some housework done and to catch up on zzzzzzz's . 
is liking staying home for days on end . 
thinks her kids are hilarious . \How did Grandma break her arm ? Was she climbing a tree ? \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
On my mind - project management ( school ) , work stuff ( project management - ha ha , like the repetition ? ) , headache , ice cream , oughta send the kids to bed , wish < PROPFIRST > was home , Facebook , friendship , God ( hmmm , maybe that should've been first ? ) , etc ., etc ., etc . :-D 
is proud of < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > . He placed 2nd in Science against a bunch of kids , most of whom are a grade ahead of him . 
is not going anywhere ALL day . Yay . It's good to be home now and then ... 
the kids are being obnoxious , the usual two . I am SO not wanting to deal with them tonight . 
ate her veggies . 
is wishing for a longer weekend . Maybe a whole couple months off would be a good idea . Or maybe ... I'd better stop that train of thought right there ! Back to work in the morning ! :-P 
was asked this morning by her 4 yr . old son whether he looked pretty in the socks he was wearing !? ( Yes , he was wearing shirt & pants , too ) 
is feelin ' groovy . ( not counting my cold ... ) 
thinks it's frightening to let go of your fears . lol 
JavaScript class done ! 2 down , 18 to go . :-D 
is sleeping in a tent ! Yay !! 
has 2 less classes to take than she thought ! How cool is that ?! So the official count is 2 down , 16 to go . 
is glad for friends near and far . And for the internet making it so easy to keep in touch ! 
is making a journal of sorts out of all her status updates . Facebook actually let me go all the way back to Aug . 2008 when I originally joined ! It's been hilarious to read some of the funny things the kids have said in that time or even oddball things I said ! 
didn't make it to church today . :-( We tried , but on the way the Suburban quit running for no apparent reason . I hope it's not an expensive repair ... 
finally got around to identifying her favorite purple wildflowers . They're delphinium . < PROPFIRST > crossed a stream and climbed a hill earlier this week to bring me a bouquet of delphinium and phlox . Very pretty . :-) 
doesn't feel like updating her status . :-P 
is neglecting her homework in favor of more important things . 
just finished out a fantabulous day by leaving her laptop in a not-so-clever place . The computer played copy cat and not-so-cleverly fell down and jammed the power cord into power < PROPFIRST > . 
finally finished reading her project management book . Now for lots of review and practice tests . Please , oh please , let me pass the certification test on Tuesday !! 
passed her Project+ certification !! The official count is now 3 classes down , 15 to go . But 3 weeks off school for now !! YAY !!! 
Insomnia sucks , but I enjoyed some quiet time to myself ! Now to start my day for real . 
is SOOOOO tired !!! I haven't had a decent night's sleep in almost a week ! Every night something different keeps me up or wakes me up . Crazy ! I hope this week is better . :-) 
can't resist looking at her next class , even though I technically have another week and a half off . It's a database class , how could I resist that ?! 
just bought tickets to < PROPMALE > & GARFUNKEL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( Can you tell I'm excited ? ) 
can't sleep . :-( Physical pain , emotional pain , stress ... Bah ! 
thinks some people share more of their profile with \Everyone\ " than they realize ! " 
is sleepy . Never enough time in the day . How does that happen ? What I'd really like to know is which stuff I could leave out ! 
bought her first motorcycle . I'm very excited , but very timid , too . It's a 2008 Suzuki Boulevard 650 . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > for pointing it out to me ! 
WEEKEND !!!!!!! 
got a little practice riding tonight , 30 ft ., turn around , 30 ft ., turn around - that's all the fairly-close-to-flat yard I have ! 
has a new nephew ! And my 25 yr . old brother is now a grandpa . LOL ! 
forgot to say - 4 down , 14 to go ! I passed my Database Design certification last Monday ! 
is dappled and drowsy and ready to sleep . zzzzzzzzz ... 
is studying happiness . 
loves how Facebook can get/keep you in touch with people ! 
needs friends ... and sleep . Don't we all ? 
would rather feel the earth beneath her feet . 
is writing a paper about leadership for school . Yippee-yi-yay . But I caught up on sleep this afternoon , so I'm happy . 
is enjoying the calm in the eye of the family reunion storm . 
is feeling peaceful and sort of happy-ish ... and a little impish , too . :-D 
needs a can of pumpkin !! Does anyone ( local to KY ) have one ? I need it by Sunday morning . According to Kroger , something happened to the pumpkin crop , so there's not any for sale right now . :-( 
NO ONE has pumpkin ?!?!! 
is learning . 
is making < PROPFIRST>'s b-day cake . 
:-D 
slept 10 hrs . Friday night , another 10 last night , 2 this afternoon and is currently thinking going to bed early sounds like a good plan . If I could do that for a couple weeks straight , I might actually feel rested ! 
happy day #3 ! 
is struggling with accepting human limitations . Grr . 
is getting high ... AT CHURCH . There's something I haven't done before ! 
is still not a super-hero . 
enjoyed doing housework with my three boys last night . 
needs sleep , elusive sleep ... 
HAIR FIVE !!!! LOL . 
is thinking a few choice words , but has chosen not to say them . ( someone please laugh at my word play ) 
is happy , sad , nervous , calm , relieved , hopeful , tired and listening to < PROPMALE > & Garfunkel . Triple yay for that last part ! 
is too tired . 
has been dubbed \AwesomeNess\ " :-D " 
is not dappled or drowsy , but wishes she could sleep . lol 
David : Have you ever noticed that SATAN and < PROPFEMALE > have all the same letters and they both wear red and black and you NEVER see them in the same place at the same time ? \ 
\ 
Paul : If Satan is < PROPFEMALE > , then if I'm bad all year , he'll just give me MORE presents !! 
hugged her 5 yr . old 30 times today ! :-D 
Halloween is officially over , hopefully that means I'll start having time to be human again . Had a blast tonight . 
hosted a rockin ' awesome 40th b-day party for < PROPFIRST > . :-D 
is thinking to change her < PROPMALE > to Health Informatics . All in favor say \Aye \"." 
passed her test ! Unbelievable !! 
is tired , relieved , thankful , and full . 
first snow the day after Thanksgiving - perfect 
Tree's up . Yay ! 
went to Narnia . 
is finally shopping for Christmas !! LOL 
Playing with my new phone :-) 
Why on earth does a Droid X come with a charging cord only 3 ft . long ??? 
The little humans in my house have given up masquerading as demons and are now posing as angels . Thank goodness ! Let's see if I can survive past bedtime ! 
Sleeping at a hotel with a bunch of pillows and no children :-D 
Is back home , tired and happy . Back to the real world in the morning . 
< PROPMALE > & Garfunkel fest on my music player this afternoon :-D 
is having a medically interesting week . I had a little bit of a reaction to my allergy shots Monday and tonight < PROPFIRST > had a trip to the ER to check out a smashed finger . Tiring stuff , but not serious . 
enjoyed her first Imbolc celebration last night . Life is such an interesting thing , full of variety . :-) 
finally getting to bed ! 
I was trying to prioritize my to-do list and just realized that life will go on no matter which stuff doesn't get done . That's quite a relief ! I guess that means I can get some sleep !! 
Song in my head tonight-\ 
Ishq Allah Ma'bud Allah\ 
Allah Ya Jamil\ 
God is love , lover and beloved , \ 
God is beauty . 
Halfway to Oklahoma ! 
The sky is so beautiful , so many stars ! Makes me want to sleep in a tent . :-) 
really enjoyed the LDS general conference broadcast this morning . Got me to pull together some thoughts about my future professional life . 
