OMG . i walk in the front door and my brother is holding the most adorable kitten EVER and says \it's for you \"" 

one bad thing about going to camp for a week : when you get back home , you are SO bored . 
why are random people adding me ? im confused xD 
SERIOUSLY ?! THE CAT PEED ON MY FRIKIN HAT 
off to play < PROPFIRST > kart on the wii ! =D 
interesting fact : Your foot is the same length as your fore arm . If you don't believe it take off your shoe and place the toe on your inner wrist and the heel will be at your elbow !!!! 
EVERYONE ! leave a comment on this picture if you are friends with < PROPFEMALE > ! http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?pid=1878392&id=717802269&ref=mf 
people i don't even know are adding me ! i wake up and check my email , 8 new friend requests on facebook . 
lol . i come to log in , and the first time didn't work . i put \yahpoo\ " instead of \ " yahoo \"" 
I feel so evil when I have to spray my kitten with water . He's killing my stuff , but it feels like I'm shooting him with a gun or something XD 
gotta go . its hard to resist CSI New York on a flat screen tv ! im such a bragger . im sorry xD 
my hair is so damaged in some spots its not even curly anymore ! omg im so sad now :( 
hmmm .... im tired =] i'll be back tomorrow =D 
watching mission impossible 3 . it came on after minority report . what's with TNT and < PROPMALE > Cruise movies ? 
back from awanita ! it was awesome =] 
bored . BUT i've got news ... as soon as my dad sells our condo at the beach I get braces ! does that really sound like a fair trade ? lol 
lol , i go to church today and my sisters old friend is there with a baby , so we go to her baby shower and my sister is there and i didn't even know she was in town ! 
back from < PROPFEMALE>'s sleepover . totally awesome =] 
ugh .... i hate when you eat something spicy and you realize there is nothing to drink around you ! it's a terrible , terrible feeling lol 
weather channel said there will be thunderstorms all week ! is it just me or does it seem like the majority of the summer has been like that ? 
This happens every year ! When you get out of school you are glad to have a break , then when you run out of stuff to do , you can't wait for school would start again . After a while in school , you can't wait for summer to start . It's a very vicious cycle . 
straightening hair . i haven't done that since school let out ! lol 
i had the weirdest dream last night ! 
Rain , rain , go away Come again another day ! 
got a friend coming over . the weather is kind of lame , but oh well . :) 
i learned something today ! i have a slight germ phobia when it comes to people being in my room . D: 
not feeling so great . 
omg ! it's about to storm ! i just wanted to say that in case the power goes out . :) 
for the record < PROPFEMALE > , i am NOT always on facebook ! :) 
subway ! eat fresh :) 
getting off FB but I will probably be back on in an hour or so . that's what i love about summer . i don't have to worry about when i go to sleep because there is no school ! :D 
i am SO annoyed right now . half of our PS2 games are missing because no one cares about the PS2 anymore except me xD 
had an awesome day yesterday , but now im feeling the consequences of it . im sooooo tired D: 
im confused ! the schedules are all weird ! xD 
My schedule is complicated . Math , S.S. , tech , Spanish , P.E. , science , language arts , writing . I have math S.S. and science the whole week , Spanish and language arts 2 days of the week , P.E. and writing 3 days of the week . This is way too complicated for a middle schooler ! lol 
tomorrow is the first day of school ! who is excited ? not me :) 
first day of school was pretty dang good ! i don't like riding the bus though . 
ok people ! do you think i should straighten my hair tomorrow or keep it curly ? 
so mad right now ! we were supposed to get lockers today , but NO ! now everyone has lockers except 7B AND they are going to mix up our homerooms ! how lame is that lol ? 
ugh >.< i have a terrible cough xD my mom might make me stay home and not go to the dance because i might be sick . 
my mom met someone at cvs that had an 8th grader at grovetown and she said that there are like 30 people in the 8th grade out because they are sick D: that's not good xD columbia county is about to get hit by \swine flu\ " that may be the only thing my parents were right about lol " 
i hate it when your siblings know what you are getting for your birthday and make you want to know ... lol 
going to see district 9 
district 9 could've been better , but i think it was pretty good lol . it was actually kind of funny , and the audience we were stuck with laughed whenever they blasted someone they didn't like to bits xD 
my internet isn't working very well ... 
oh my gosh , im glad i didnt go to so school today . it's really amazing , how often i forget about picture day , even when they practically yell when it it's going to be on the announcements and send home giant fliers about it that won't fit in your binder right . 
i hate waking up early :( how does everyone else deal with it lol ?! 
my brother is being a computer hog D: 
what ?! my mom took my phone because i wanted to log off facebook real quick so my brother could do a project or something . i dont see why he even needs my computer , when he has his own . im so confused D: 
its friday !! i love friday ! =D 
finally ! im going to get a new ipod . my ipod nano is the second generation , like 3 years old . for an ipod , its old . 
ugh ! i have to do a big homework assignment because i forgot about it over the weekend ! 
oh no ... i have like 3 tests today 
about to update my profile picture :) 
ahhh i have homework 
omg . homework AND hiccups now . this is terrible =/ 
omg . MORE homework . this is terrible . D: 
what in the world !?! i have work in the math book to do , science worksheet , social studies worksheet . 
oh gosh ... i totally forgot about that homework even though it was listed on my status . its so late for that D: 
oh yea :) who likes the new profile pic ? it was taken at like 7 in the morning , inside , and i had sunglasses on ! :D 
i gotta go do my homework and go to sleep . can't wait till the weekend !!! :) 
im gonna play the wii and catch up on some reading i gotta do for RC . woohoo xD 
i dropped my food and it spilled all over the floor XD 
oompa loompa dupity do o.o r however the song goes xD 
OMG OMG JORDYN REALLY IS COMING BACK !!! :D :D :D 
ohhhh emmmmm geeeeeee ! i thought my ipod was done for , but it lives :D 
IPOD TOUCH !! i have one :) 
you are so full of crap , your eyes are BROWN XD 
oh shizznit !!! shinedown is coming to the < PROPFIRST > brown arena on october 19th . i am SO going xD 
if any of the people on my friends list ever have kids , dont name them < PROPFIRST > . they will grow up to be losers that mess with people for no reason >;( 
it smells like a candle LOL < PROPFEMALE > 
im mad . how many of my buddies think i should move to pod a ? 
going to red wing rollar ways later :) 
i wannnnttttt tooo gooooo baacckkkkk toooooo sleeeeeepppp :) 
i cant believe i got in trouble twice today D: 
D: theres a gigantorus storm headed our way ! everyone run and scream :) 
omg . so much homework D: i've got at least one thing for every dang class ! 
hey , does anyone know the login in stuff for the online science book ?? :( 
i was making the perfect sandwhich ... and i was starving . it was big , beautiful , and smelled awesome . i turn around for two seconds to wash a tomato , and when i go to finish the masterpiece , the cat is eating it . 
can't wait for the weekend to start . i dont have anything to do though ... anyone wanna go bowling or something ? lol 
i was gonna make some hot chocolate , but there was no milk . im too spoiled to make it with water ... lol :P 
i love how everyone gets on facebook in the morning . :) it's hat day , friday , and FIRST friday . :D 
It's poll time !... lol . Do you think my hair is better curly or straight ? ( J.C and D.C you can't answer since you don't know what I look like with curly hair now . =P ) 
wow , who would've guessed that a full grown < PROPMALE > shepherd could fit through a pet flap designed for teeny < PROPFEMALE > kitties :3 
I'm supposed to be doing homework ... but instead I might go to the mall . lol 
i just set a new record ! i got on the computer at 5 o'clock pm today , and i haven't been on since thursday night . im addicted . :) 
reading the westing game , i cant wait any longer to find out what happens !!! 
omg ! the westing game was awesome !!! lolz 
making some coffee ... im so tired ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Schmidt i wish it were friday too !! 
ohhhemmmmgeee report cards are tomorrow ! who else in pod b is scared of what they might see ?! you know pod b is full of dummies LOL 
i got a c , 3 b's and a 4 a's . not too bad :) 
going to the mall at 7 pm :) 
lesson of the day : don't go outside in shorts and a tank top when it's raining and 55 degrees outside . :) 
just got back from the park with the dog . she loves it :) 
guess what ? im going to see 2012 today . are you jealous ? :) 
i <3 brownies :) 
it seems like everyone got an ipod touch or a laptop .... lol 
Does anyone know how to clean sperrys ? :[ 
why is it that the cook brothers are like , always online ? lol ... 
really bored . anybody doing anything tonight ? 
Fireworks , heck yeahh 
Happy New Years ! 
Well , new year resolutions are great and all , but I think if you wanna make a change in your life you should be able to do that any time of the year . 
I should probably clean my room .... 
delay :) 
yall so NOSYYYYY < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Schmidt and < PROPFEMALE > Hampton lol 
OMG D: my brothers came in my room >.< 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Schmidt it went down the wrong pipe !! LOL :] 
OK now im mad . >:[ 
subway and < PROPMALE > world :] 
that fight was crazzzzyyy ! also , on the internet for the first time in 2 weeks 
Hey you left your moldy eggroll in my car , I want you to come and get it LOL 
HA urban dictionary Vaguebooking - An intentionally vague Facebook status update , that prompts friends to ask what's going on , or is possibly a cry for help . Example : < PROPFIRST > is : \wondering if it is all worth it\ " < PROPFIRST > is : \ " thinking that was a bad idea \"" 
SAINTS !!!! cuz that's how the south rolls . :D 
just got back from tally florida . it FINALLY snows in < PROPFEMALE > , and i MISSED it . theres still some left over though :) 
< PROPFIRST > knows how to shake \hands\ " now . :) " 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Schmidt - my cheeks are still red . sooo not cool lol 
3 months from today , it will be the last day of school :D 
today was great until the very end . got a 40 on a spanish test , got a detention , and it was hot and crowded on the bus . 
woosh :) 
FINALLY !! i have the house to my self :) 
mrs. < PROPMALE > put me in a group with < PROPMALE > . >:( 
he's sweet as < PROPFEMALE > and cute as a bunny ... lol < PROPFEMALE > you know what im talking bout 
im hiding :O 
ooh . washing machine is out . dang it >:O 
ha lol ... i have a 123 friends . wait who deleted me ?? >:( 
ohhh man :O there was like , something that was really important that i needed to do or something and now i have NO idea what it was . 
i'm back ! < PROPFIRST > Cook- that hot chocolate was pretty darn good ! :p 
reading . texting . listening to music . ahhhh :) 
finished the book . going to sleep and listening to music :) 
So come on , get higher , loosen my lips , Faith and < PROPFEMALE > in the swing of your hips , Just pull me down hard , And drown me in love ! :) 
made deviled eggs , turned out ok . could've been way better if i didnt have brothers . >:( 
im bored . anyone wanna do something lol ? 
i wish it was summer already >:( 
back to the future :) 
just watched ' back to the future ' . < PROPFIRST > Cook are you happy now ? lol . 
AHHH :( one of my teeth hurtsssss ....... not cool 
i saw a < PROPFIRST > Cook look-a-like at mcdonalds . :) 
sleep ? idk . i want to go to sleep but i dont at the same time . 
i decided ! im going to sleep . if you're bored text me since im probably gonna end up staying up for a while watching tv anyway . 706-832-2639 
gotta straighten my hairrrrrr and then go to schooooollll and do tonnnsss of make up work . ughhhhhhhh 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!! im about to go insane with all this work >:( 
found a laser pointer . tomorrow will be fun :) 
UGH i hate it when i think of a name or see it on facebook and i absolutely cant remember who it is ... 
Quotes of the day : \YEAH ! DO YOU FEEL IT ? \ " \ " He will arrive in 3-7 business days with his supplies . \ " \ " Oh what just dropped ? NO it's just my calculator let me get it . \ " \ " What can she do about it ? She has no evidence . \ " I had Pixie Stick In My Powerade . :) " 
5 paragraph persuasive essay that was due forever ago , science bookelet with 50 questions and pictures that need to be drawn and colored , a couple of tests tomorrow . My brain isn't ready for this much stuff yet ! :O Necesito descansar !! ugh . 
DO YOU FEEL IT ? It's like a line graph , going up and up and up . LOL [ Pixie Stick in My Powerade ] 
doesn't like her brother . 
probably going to dye my hair this weekend . darker brown or lighter brown ? 
watching the hurt locker on my ipod :) 
modern family is my 2nd favorite show now . :) 
just cuz you are dating someone older than you doesnt make you better than the rest of us or prettier or whateverrrr ... i wasnt even trying to make you mad and then you get out your lil attitude ... you know who you are lil girl . 
put da poison in yo mouf and use it fo protection . lol :) 
The lunch lady got some dang food juice on my brand new shoes . BRAND NEW . 
I'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine , I'm loving cloud nine , my head's in the sky . :) 
Report cards ! :) I'm proud of myself lol . 
i dont think im going to the dance . 
What color should I paint my room ? It's a baby blue right now . I'm thinking a light purple :) 
New Boyz . Luv em :) 
Cadbury egg :) 
if everyone started using solar powered stuff , what would we do if it was cloudy ? 
< PROPMALE > dunham on comedy central :) 
at home . :) 
You son of a biscuit eating bulldog ! Lol . 
I have no idea what to do with my room ! So many choices :) 
getting haircut tomorrow ? hopefully . :) 
A good friend will visit you in jail , a great friend will help you get out , and a best friend is the reason you are there . 
Got so much make up work !! 
TGIF ! :) 
hot tub :) 
I <3 a comfy blanket and a good tv show :) 
got a haircut :) i'll get some pics laterrr 
lovin my hair :) planting some plants and stuff in the ground tomorrow ! [ flowerss ] 
I don't want to go to school tomorrow but I want spring break to come already but then I don't want to have spring break because when it ends there is CRCT but I want summer and we can't have summer if we don't take the CRCT .... and so on :) 
jealoussss ... i want a schedule change :O 
SB is here ! Everyone is going somewhere :O My ' rents don't want to go anywhere . So I'm stuck here , with the Masters and Tiger Woods . 
Lol , new profile pic . [ Those are 3D glasses from Clash of the Titans . My dad stole them (: ] 
riding the dirtbikes (: 
ohh shoot . i don't feel good >:( on Easter , no less . 
I totallllyyy killed my ipod >:( it hit the DOOR and now there are 8 cracks in it . 
* Delete * ! 
Going to the movies later with my bestie :) 
crawling in the ceiling ? that's cool :) 
Blehh . :) did you know that the guy who did ghost's voice was the same one that did gaz's voice ? I didnt . 
< PROPMALE > you started it ! 
CRCT starting on Thursday :( 
I'm boredddd . I don't want to ride the dirtbike . The fish won't bite . Not warm enough to swim . Too late to go do something with friendsssss . But I don't want to go to school tomorrow because of the math crct .... I'm gonna have that extra math class I KNOW it ! Whateverr :) Less useless connection classes . 
Who plays paintball ? 
I had cheez-its in the crct :) shhhhhh 
LOL ! 4/20 is national you-know-what day and 4/21 is national drug test day . [ I just think that's funny , I don't do that shiz :)] 
OH . Alright , delete me because I voiced my opinion about you talking about someone else you don't even know . That's not cool . You got a problem , you say it to my face . Ok ? Seems simple enough . And by the way , cussing doesn't make you all cool and stuff .... it's just kind of weird . I quit , you should too . 
Straightened then curled , just straight , or curly ? [ Hair Tomorrow ? ] Also , everyone wear purple tomorrow . It's the color of the day :) 
WAS watching Avatar on DVD but I'm not the kind of person that can watch a movie twice . 
school was ehh today . 
:P 
It bothers me that I didn't get invited to awards night for the 2nd year in a row . They must think I'm stupid or something ! 
Cant wait to get away from all these teacherrs . 
watching Glee on my ipod :) 
ok ... i was watching glee , and they kept playing ' single laides ' then i turned on the radio and guess what song was on ? im like a psychic :) 
I made a fan < PROPFEMALE > ... \The mousse that keeps coming out of the can annoys me\ " It's mine . :] Join if you agree lol . " 
School is almost over .... it feels so strange . 
Forgot to get Razal's signature in my yearbook . ----> Insider ... No one can figure it out :] 
Last day of school :) fun stuff . 
Killstreak of 26 !!!!!!! And i didnt have the nuke chosen . Ugh . ( mw2 ) 
Sylvania < PROPFEMALE > is hot ! I dont like it :O 
I don't get how some people think that things will change when they do the same things over and over . 
This is pretty messed up ... 
Vanilla Twilight - Owl City :] 
I slept so long this morning that I'm tired ! 
Just watched fight club :) 
Why is ecerything funnier when youre tired ? Haa :) 
Animal commercials :( 
Thunderr ;) 
It makes bubbles and bubbles and bubbles and bubbles ....... ;p 
Packing for a week at camp , then when I get back I have a night to do laundry and then go to the beach with the bestie :) 
Finally back ! :D Now I do laundry , eat pizza and cake for my bros bday , and go to the beach for a week !! Awesomeness :) 
My nose is sunburned >.< 
Lazy afternoon with a killer sunburn on my back 
I touched the crabs lol :) 
Best 2 weeks ever :) 
School Bus One ! Lol :) 
Tiring but worth it :) 
Naps always confuse me . I woke up a lil while ago thinking it was 8 in the morning lol . 
You just knelbowed my ee . :) 
Facebook is acting weird right now :| 
Watching scooby doo ;) 
Possibly going to go to redeemer next sunday ?? 
Cool beans . :) 
Hoping it doesn't rain on Tuesday ! 
Carowinds tomorrow ! Hope it doesn't rain 
Going to Carowinds again tomorrow :) ( with some of the fam ) 
Open house in 1 hour . :( 
Homeroom- < PROPMALE > for language arts , 2nd - Dymeck for advanced math , 3d - unpingco , 4th - spanish/gym 5th -Lafauci for science , 6th - Lafauci for social studies 
I got chacos :) 
School tomorrow ! Can't wait to see everyone :) 
Pretty good first day even though SOMEONE made me go back with her to her locker and almost miss the bus this afternoon ! ( < PROPFIRST > stone !! ) :) 
Today was awesome :) 
Hobby Lobby smells like nasty candles . 
Try to say < PROPFEMALE > Wristwatch :) Lol . 
Anyone know what tomorrow is ? 
I feel old lol . 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > Garden for some bday food :) 
Haha , the waitress was hilarious :) But < PROPFEMALE > Garden doesn't sing Happy Birthday anymore \( " 
< PROPFEMALE > tired , 
G'night Peoples :) It's time for some sleep ;D 
Ahh ! I missed the bus ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going to move away and be animal hoarders , because we don't like your hair . :) 
Ok . Facebook is taking forever to upload my picture >:( 
Ok , now I'm annoyed . Facebook won't let me upload a new picture OR set any picture I already have to my default . 
Messing with my shoe laces cuz I tried to get them like < PROPFIRST>'s , but it didn't work . 
Pc4Pc ! 
Goodnight :) 
Um , yeah . Go and tell your best < PROPMALE > to wait till tuesday to hear bout it . Awesome lolzz . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are gas station hobos ! 
Can't wait for the bus tomorrow , it's the highlight of my day , everyday :) 
Tired ... can't wait till tomorrow ;) 
What a weird day . 
My piggy bank is hungry . Anyone want to feed it ? :) 
Goodnight ;o 
Heyy peoples at gtms , just wanna let you know that im running for secretary lolz . 
Woohoo for the half day :) 
Ahh what game is everyone talking about ? Is it at GTHS ? 
Life is good <3 
Today was pretty awesome :) 
Who did everyone vote for today ? 
Dreading tomorrow :o I think I lost . 
Fixin to work on my hw 
Haha ;) i'm so happy . [ tomorrow is tacky day ] 
on the bus with my new phone ! its been 2 years and i got a new one 
OK , all this junk about So and So answered a question about you is getting real annoying mkay ? I don't check it . I don't care about if you think I would bail you of jail or all that other stuff ... I just don't care lol . So don't bother . If you continue to do post that kinda stuff on my wall repeatedly , there is a < PROPMALE > you will get blocked . Thank you :) 
Oh boy , tomorrow I'm gonna be so 80's lol . 
80's day :) 
Is anyone going to < PROPMALE > hardy ? 
Hmm . Today ; went to < PROPMALE > Hardy and saw < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > , in that order . < PROPMALE > ; I thought you were still mad at me ? 
I want to < PROPFEMALE > out with someone tomorrow . anyone really . I'm SuperBored . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are arguing about pennies . Awesome right ? Lol . 
Um , you know that mcdonalds is disgusting stuff is a virus right lol ? 
Pigs in a blanket ? I don't think so . 
< PROPFEMALE > book and autobiography . Blehh ;( 
Ugh . What I do for my grades . 
School tomorrow . Really don't feel like going , but I will . 
Trying to figure out TinyChat . this junk if confusing ! :O 
Super bored in connections . we arent doing anything 
You made my day <3 
Game :) 
We tied with Harlem ... Bleh . 
Ahh . Can't wait till school tomorrow :) 
Don't wanna go to school tomorrowww 
Tomorrow is the last day of the 9 weeks . this year is flying by ! 
bored . last day in mr unpingco's class !! 
Anyone want to do something this weekend ? 
Going to savannahs house :) my mom thinks im up to no good tho ? I dont understand . 
at savannahs . shes sleeps so long . ugh 
thinking about handing out at the school around 3 today . anyone want to meet up ? 
Dominoes is coming <3 
Mmmmm . Pizza . 
Has anyone gone to the fright factory yet ? I wanna go :) 
School tomorrow . Ehh . In one of those moods again lol . 
getting braces tightened . 
If you are going to act like that , I don't think I want to talk to you anymore . You say one thing , yet you do the opposite . Which means you lied . Greaattt lol . 
Is anyone going to the highschool game ? 
at the game 
Ahh , that was fun . 
It's T-Shirt Tiiiiiiimmmeeeee !!!!...... The cabs are hereee !!!!....... :) 
School . 
student council meeting was today . that was a lott of stuff . 
Yes , call me with a restricted number and say stuff that makes no sense . Because thats awesome lol . 
ugh . text me people . im bored out of my mind . 
Dance laterr . Whos going ? 
Ugh . I am so boredd . I wanna do something todayy . Anyone wanna see paranormal activity 2 ? Or go to plantation blood ? 
Haha ; \Would you rather get run over by a truck or gain 150 pounds ? \ " \ " Gain 150 lbs . Then I'd get weight loss surgery ! Then I could still look\ 
Morqan Stone- If you start talking to me on chat and I don't answer , just post on my wall and my phone will tell me , and then I will know (: 
Love like woe - The Ready Set <3 
I wanna go to a haunted house . 
waitin for the bus . so tired lol . 
Heyy everybodyy ! CG4CG ? Aha ; < PROPFEMALE > gram for < PROPFEMALE > gram (: 
ready for < PROPMALE > already ! 
oops . * dj i mean . anyone know who im talking bout ? that short kid from martinez elementary ? wasnt that his name lol ? 
Ahh ; went trick or treatin ' with < PROPFEMALE > k and ja < PROPFEMALE > a and < PROPFIRST > plaster andd aleah(spelled wrong ? Idk . ) anddd < PROPFEMALE > . You guys are so funn <3 [ im on a sugar high right now ;)] 
i wanna go to the fair . whos goin tonight ? 
i need someone to text . 
Okk , like my status and I'll do a why whats up ? :) 
If i havent done your why whats up thing yet i will do it tomorrow im gettin off for the night 
I'm bored ! Text me ? If you don't have my number , just ask in chat or something . :) 
how do you change a negative exponent to a positive one ? 
my speech was awful 
i need some new < PROPFIRST > for my phone ! :) 
at the fairr ! 
Finally back from the fair ! :) 
Fair again tonight ? 
to the fair ! 
People these days . 
Ok , message me with a Q and I will answer it on my status ? :) 
Q - Why didn't you talk to him you chicken ? A - I didn't talk to him because he was playing football ! I wasn't going to walk into the middle of a bunch of sweaty , yelling boys to bother him ! :) 
Q- I'm not even gonna put that on here . A- I seriously hope you are joking ? 
mrs kohl is so mean ! :( 
I want to talk to ______ right now ! Who do you think it is ? [ bored .! ] :) 
Ok , so here's a lil pet peeve of mine . When you text someone , and they don't text back . It ' s just like , are you so lazy you can't press some buttons ? For Real ? 
ewww . paper mache is gross . 
Haha , today was fun :) 
Textin this boy , he is hilarious ! Ohh Ima die from laughter . 
I missed smack butt friday ! That bothers me lol . 
Inbox me , ask me a Q or just say something you've wanted to tell me ! :) 
I hate getting on fb on my ipod or my phone . I always end up liking someones status or something on accident lol 
Lol , I say lol way too much . 
Everyone should get haircuts before we go back to school . 
I find it hard to believe I'm related to these people lmao . 
I'm stuffed . Time to take a nap till we leave . :) 
I've yet to get a haircut . I really want one though . Any ideas lol ? 
Is it just me that feels this way ? After a long break from school , the thought of going back and seeing everyone is a little weird . 
Ahh .! I dont wanna go to school tomorrow and deal with all you people lol ! 
Orthodontist ! 
My teeth are sore . I have 4 more months with these silly braces . 
My dad said the storm already passed grovetown ? Idk though lol 
Killer rabbits are coming for you < PROPMALE > . Lmaob . 
Lmao ... 
What is with you guys and your bonfires lol ? 
Bored . i need some new texting buddies , ForReal ! 
I just hit myself in the face with my ipod . Isn't that great lol ? 
That's some stupid stuff . For real ! 
My phone wn't let me send any texts anymore . Idk why . 
Its 18 degrees outside . If the weather is gonna be this cold , I want snow . 
My mom said it was snowing , so I ran outside and there was no snow . She meant it was at walmart . Then , I turned on the tv and It only hurts when I laugh was on , and they were doing a buncha clips with snow in it . I'm being taunted lmao . 
FLURRIES ! :D 
OWW ! My braces just cut my tongue :O ! I HATE these things . 
I was filling out candygrams , and I feel like I forgot someone ? Idk who . I just know I did . 
Exams were super easy .. Next 2 days gonna be awesome . 
I need a different profile picture . 
Today was pretty darn awesome , till the end . 
That bonfire was awesome 
Waffle house . 
\Do you know what i could buy with 500 dollars ? \"\" Hopefully a comb naps ! \ " Lmao . " 
My brother got a puppy . It looks more like miniature goat than a miniature shnauzer . 
I hate when good morning texts don't wake anybody up . But I laugh when they do . Lol . 
I'm really cold . So ima get off now . But I need new people to text . 
Goin to the mall later . :) 
Finally back from the mall .! I saw my bro there , and I didn't even know he was goin . 
Hmmm had fun at < PROPFIRST>'s bonfire .! 
I finally finished wrapping all those presents .! 
I just lost 200 songs off my ipod . And idk why . 
You know those ppl that say < PROPFEMALE > christmas right at 12 ? Im one of them . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
Anybody pullin an all nighter ? 
So , I was texting 4 people when it started getting late . The last one just said \lol thx gudnight\ " when i told them to just go back to sleep after they dozed off . Smh . " 
I dont have anyone to text anymore . So unless somebody wants to text me within the next 10 mins , ima goin to sleep lol . Inbox for the # if you don't have it . 
Laptop , I know you're there . Under all that wrapping paper . I just KNOW . 
. < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody ! Just don't forget why we have Christmas . :) 
I got hit in the leg with a < PROPMALE > candle . Ouch . 
I spent about 2 hours gettin a buncha songs my mom would like and made a cd for her to play in the car . She said \Thank youuuu ! But can you put the songs on my mp3 player instead ? \ " Nice . Lol . " 
I got a laptop , flip video camera , giftcard to forever 21 , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > bag , some awesome nike air forces , and an itunes giftcard 
I wasn't gonna play in the snow . And yet , My jeans are wet and my I'm freezing . I made an ugly miniature snowman . 
Purple . :) 
Nothin to do round here ! Hmm , pm me if you don't have my # . And text me . 
I'm gonna make a gingerbread house . Out of grahm crackers and cake frosting . 
I must say , I'm impressed with my gingerbread house . :) 
Whats < PROPFEMALE > rybody doin on new years < PROPFEMALE > ? 
What kind of brother deletes his sister on facebook for no reason ? Mine . I'm convinced one of us is adopted . Lol . 
Hey if you see those fliers with a scary lookin yorkie on it thats my dog ! I want him back lol . 
I think I'm the only person that didn't get any new clothes over break . Darn it . 
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow ! But I guess I will lol . Goodnight ... 
Somebody overslept the first day back to school . lol . 
Tomorrow gonna be boring ! 
M-I-C-K-E-Y , M-O-U-S-E , Its the < PROPFIRST > Mouse Clubhouse , come inside its fun inside ! 
Curly hair is awesome when it isn't frizzy ! 
There's a delay right ? 
It's snowing ! Yay , I guess . 
No school today ! I wanna have a snowball fight . 
Gonna go over to senators ridge in a few .. 
Smh . Becuase I don't know where < PROPFIRST > Dowdell's house is , I can't go . Silly parents . 
My dad grilled hamburgers in the middle of winter . Lol . 
Smh . < PROPMALE > Get'Em < PROPMALE > is too lazy to comment back on something so he just likes whatever you said . Lol . 
Is anybody else watching True Life right now ... ? 
Part of my braces just broke and I wasn't even doing anything . I can't wait to get these things off . 
Lol . UGA is the top party school in the United States . Nice job . [ Sarcasm ] 
I HOPE we go to school tomorrow I got some things to say to some certain people 
It's not his kid :O 
That is is son ! But he don't know ! 
I wish we went to school this time everday , 
I dont understand that saying \you cant have your cake and eat it too\ " why are you gonna get a cake if you aren't gonna eat it lol idk " 
Hey . You ! Go to Jatoria Stinger ' s < PROPFEMALE > and like her status . Much appreciated . (: 
So , I think I need some new vocabulary . That \my most used words\ " thing said I used \ " lol\ " 67 times . " 
Pshh , forget < PROPFIRST > Stone , like this status if you wanna be in MY facebook family ! ... Haha , Jk < PROPFIRST > :P 
I'm winning this poke war . 
I like how 2 photo albums I'm tagged in use the word \knight\ " in them . " 
Writing tests , who needs ' em ? 
I have missed the bus every morning this week . Smh . 
Ortho appointment . Greattt . 
Ok ... facebook is stupid ! It posts my status twice and I deleted one and it got rid of the other ? Not cool . 
That was a lame trip ! We didn't get to tour the school or anything and we didnt even get our packets 
High school registration forms ! Who's doing jrotc with me ? (: 
I don't understand whats wrong with people these days . 
Night .. 
Two bomb threats in a row . Smh . But at least we had a big huddle . 
Ok , whoever gave some random kid my number is gonna get a beatdown . 
Like this status if you think I should delete my mom off my facebook . 
If there is another bomb threat today I'm gonna be mad ! Its annoying . 
Take that winter ! Its warm outside ! 
Ok ... so you ever seen that show \Dog Whisperer\ " ? Well our yorkie should be on that show . He's vicious . " 
Bomb threats = Standing in the cold for the longest time , no pep rallies , lots of work to do , and an angry principal . OH , and the juvenile court judge coming to the school on monday . I don't know about you guys , but that isn't my idea of a fun time . 
Lol . * My mom is talking to old friend on facebook * Dad : You know , theres actually this thing where you can press a button and hear each other talk . So instead of typing its kind of like face to face . \ * my mom is interested * \ " Its called a telephone \"" 
Ok , so I just saw The Roomate . I hope I never have a roomate in college . That's scary . 
Stupid packers . 
I hate long driveways ! Its so easy to miss the bus . 
Is it wrong to let your brother know that someone is eavesdropping on him ? I think not . 
Why are screwdrivers so hard to find ? 
I love this weather , its starting to get warmer ! 
I never watch the Grammys . I just can't pay attention to something like that for so long . 
So im at the ortho and this lady is letting her little daughter watch a bad movie on BET ! what is up with parents these days lol 
So I was supposed to be getting my braces off next month , but now they tell me that I have another appointment in 6 weeks and I wont even get them off then . 
At the talent show , some of these kids are pretty good ! 
Had fun at the talent show buttt I think a certain person I been wanting to talk to is avoiding me ? Idk . 
< PROPFEMALE > , I'm at my dads store again . I have to do errands for my mom and not even get paid for it . Woo hoo . 
I love walking to places . 
It almost feels like summer . 
Rue 21 Has Jershey Shore t shirts ? I like it . 
Mhmm . If there was a contest for ' Worst Brother Ever ' , my bro would be a champ . 
So , I decided to try and fix my bike's flat tire . Not as easy as it sounds . 
Is it just me , or does anyone else get annoyed when people constantly have song lyrics as their facebook status ? We get it . You like music . 
Ehh . Gonna pull an all nighter . 
Redbull does NOT taste good . 
I've been organizing my room since I got home . It hasn't been this nice looking since we moved in . 
Don't eat spicy food if you don't have something to drink ! 
Ugh ! I just got a gardasil shot >:( . 
Like this status if you got curly hair and you're PROUD ! (: 
Our dog is having some puppies ! Woohoo 
< PROPMALE > e cheese isnt fun anymore . Ppl here are just plain rude lol 
Omg .. im at martinez elementary and they COMPLETELY changed all the play grounds 
Wow , our < PROPMALE > shepherd had 10 puppies . That's gotta be a record . 
BoringBoringBoring day ! 
Ok ... I thought we were done with all this stuff . We 8th graders got learning to do or else we gonna fail and I SURE dont want to be in the same grade as any of you bomb threat lovin ' kids . 
Man these teachers need to chill the freak out ! Coach < PROPMALE > wanna write me up for skipping ? Pshh . She saw me and < PROPFIRST > go in there and she aint say nothin till it was time to change classes . That's some bull ! 
I think its kinda stupid that we still have to wake up super early just for a half day . 
I got iss for skipping mr stricklands class . People skip their connection class all the time but I get in trouble ? And why freakin iss instead of detention ? Mr Dees needs to get outta this school with his fat self 
Going to the movies later ! 
Savannahh hackeddd thisss , I looovee youu bestiiee (: 
Iss today ):< 
Iss was so freaking COLD ! I mean , who leaves the door open when its cold and rainy outside ??? 
Ortho appointment ! I get to miss math :) 
I want to see Insidious ! 
I've been working on that optional science project since 5 oclock , It STILL don't work . I'm boutta knock somebody out with these damn batteries 
Wow I'm glad ms dymeck gave us those study things cuz i dont know half this stuff ! 
On the road . 
I'm about to be in Tallahassee ! :) 
Ah , relatives . Fun for an hour or so , then things get bad . 
