will be at the stellastarrrrrr show in boston tonight ....!!! 

wives . friends . homecooking . hula hooping ..... sounds like we got a nice little monday evening planned out here . 
“If you're in a war , instead of throwing a hand grenade at the enemy , throw one of those small pumpkins . Maybe it'll make everyone think how stupid war is , and while they are thinking , you can throw a real grenade at them . ” 
pahhhty time dude guy . 
If you're at Thanksgiving dinner , but you don't like the stuffing or the cranberry sauce or anything else , just pretend like you're eating it , but instead , put it all in your lap and form it into a big mushy ball . Then , later , when you're out back having 
i'm no mechanic or anything but i'm pretty sure the floor of your car is NOT supposed to resemble a swimming pool . FML 
well maybe i’m crazy but you don’t understand that i’m a fool who believes . 
fody's with staceface ... this could potentially and welcomingly turn into a shitshow . the night is young . bring it . 
tell me that it hurts again , tell me that it weighs you down , tell me that you need me and i'll tell you that i hate you now . 
Too bad you can't get a voodoo globe and make the world spin around really fast and freak everyone out . 
zetus lupetus i have no idea where these things came from but i'm not complaining ! 
i might just get up and dance or buy some acid washed pants , if you don't care , then you got nothing to lose . life is wonderful . life is beautiful . we're all children of one big universe , so you don't have to be a chump . ;) * ... lunchin ' it with lainey face <3 * 
my wife is amazinggggg . i am head over heels in love with her forever . and ever . to infinity . and beyond . xoxo beso baby , beso ;) 
apres moi , < PROPFEMALE > deluge . 
why is it that the first murder scandal to rock the reality tv world has to bring an early and abrupt end to < PROPFEMALE>'s search for a millionaire ?! i am not happy about this . at all . :( 
true love = receiving flowers via pic message . my wifey can be so romantic <3 
it is currently 91 degrees outside . i just received the following email at work : \The A/C unit upstairs is broken . It is being repaired but will be off for another hour or so . \ " i work upstairs . " 
maybe if you weren't so blinded by your own insecurities you could've been a little more sensitive to mine . 
... every now and again murphy comes bearing gifts and i definitely cannot complain ;) good things always come to those who wait ! 
im-a gonna eat malainie's face ! ay-yi-yi i miss my mini-me <3 
you are a breath of fresh air :) 
sweet as sweet as sweet can be , you just set my soul on fire <3 
i wasn't waiting but you came at just the right time , weary and wasted , i never knew i could feel so alive <3 
sweet like < PROPFEMALE > to my soul , sweet you rock and sweet you roll <3 
some people say daydreaming is for the lazy minded fools with nothing else to do , so let them laugh at me , just as long as I have you to see me through , i have nothing to lose as long as i have you ... <3 
i love the way things can all of a sudden just make so much sense and fall into place and make you realize the things you never thought possible are all coming true right in front of you ... i am a very very lucky girl and i owe it all to you <3 <3 <3 
i have the perfect little night planned ... it begins with hula hooping and ends with some quality time with my baby ! i live a good life :) 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s and scorpion bowls with the wifey ... ele <3 
I hope that someday we will be able to put away our fears and prejudices and just laugh at people . 
this IS it <3 
i'm feeling pretty confident that today is package day ... soooo excited , baby you are my favorite <3 
happy happy friday ! the package has officially arrived !! 
< PROPFIRST > RODRIGUES YOU ARE ABSOLUTELY AMAZING ! i am the luckiest , happiest girl in the whole world <3 
“What I say is that , if a fellow really likes potatoes , he must be a pretty decent sort of fellow . ” ;) 
housesitting ...... just found jager ...... jackpot . 
i love having a whole day where i can be lazy and not feel guilty . i think i'll spend it making plans with my favorite person in the world to pack up all my shit and move on down to the sunshine state ...!! <3 
I know there is strength in the differences between us . I know there is comfort where we overlap . 
Instead of a trap door , what about a trap window ? The guy looks out it , and if he leans too far , he falls out . Wait . I guess that's like a regular window . 
And so today , my world it s < PROPMALE > , your hand in mine , we walk the < PROPMALE > , thanks to you it will be done , for you to me are the only one . <3 
getting ready like a speed demon bc i have a rescue mission to attend to ... twinnie-mini do not fret , i am coming !! 
artificial amateurs , aren't at all amazing . analytically , i assault , animate things .... || .... grilled cheese awesomes by my twinnalish , here i come .... baby , i hope you feel better <3 beso beso beso times infinity <3 you know i'll be there soon :) 
Say goodbye to a tangerine sky say hello say hello to tomorrow , when you say goodbye to a tangerine sky you lose your pain lose your fear lose your sorrow 
Dear God , make me a bird . So I could fly far . Far far away from here . 
Life is one big road with lots of signs . So when you're riding through the ruts , don't complicate your mind . Flee from hate , mischief and jealousy . Don't bury your thoughts , put your vision to reality ... Wake Up and Live ! 
She knew she wasn't perfect but she always did her best to try to get under the surface . Not a saint , not a serpent , she just wanted everyone to be impressed with her as a person . Do the math , she knew she had to choose a path , gotta get that guy , gotta make him laugh . Gotta shake the past and move forward . Gotta make this last , it feels gorgeous ... 
i looove wednesday date nights with sface and the crazy killah bees ... i predict there will be some intoxication in my near future . 
i just want to go put holes in my face with my twinnie-mini hunnie bunch .... FOR THE LOVE ! 
“We have to learn to be our own best friends because we fall too easily into the trap of being our own worst enemies . ” 
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power , the world will know peace . ” - Jimi Hendrix <3 
it's time for another wednesday night shit show with my loves !! 
apparently the \shit show\ " i hoped for last night turned out to be a complete understatement ... so THANK YOU < PROPFIRST > for helping me remember my drunken antics and still loving me despite my being down with the syndrome :) i can't wait to do it all over again next week ( and in \ " our townhouse\ " with no balls) !! " 
“Here is the deepest secret nobody knows ... here is the root of the root and the < PROPMALE > of the < PROPMALE > and the sky of the sky of a tree called life , which grows higher than soul can hope or mind can hide . This is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart . I < PROPFEMALE > your heart . I < PROPFEMALE > it in my heart . ” <3 you're mine and i'm yours boo <3 
last night's festivities produced the most GLORIOUS batch of photos -- gotta give maaaaad props to the wife for being on top of that one .... round two of the \sayanara seaman\ " celebration tonightttttt :) i plan on bringing my A game . " 
Sometimes I stop to think , for all the money I've spent , how I'd rather live in a tent than bust my ass and pay the rent , but I'm eager to pay my dues , and I'd be glad to pay the tollbooth and I've agreed to sing the blues ever since the day I broke loose . Just like a blindfolded child walking through the toy store , not even aware that the world is my oyster ... 
If you like surprises , I know of a party where they all dance around to your heart beat ... bring your own agenda and embrace your flaws , now let's put a face on this common cause . 
“No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth . ” 
my supposed \friend\ " jarryd just informed me i was as good as trailer trash . i am using this facebook status to officially announce that i am terminating our friendship effective .... now . " 
lunchin ' it with lainey and swinging by the townhouse to feed the kittiesssss ! 
wednesdayyyyyy <3 same place , same time ! 
“A dream you dream alone is only a dream . A dream you dream together is reality . ” 
“Self-praise is for losers . Be a winner . Stand for something . Always have class , and be humble ... there is nothing so pathetic as a bore who claims attention - and gets it . ” i really appreciate how much i've learned from those who tried to break me down in the past . sometimes you gotta experience the worst before you can be handsomely rewarded with the best ... and i'm soooo much better off now <3 <3 <3 
“The longer I live the more beautiful life becomes . If you foolishly ignore beauty , you will soon find yourself without it . Your life will be impoverished . But if you invest in beauty , it will remain with you all the days of your life . ” 
he gives me something to look forward to , he gives me something to believe in ... <3 
Gonna blast squeeze first ask questions last , that's how most of these so-called gangsters pass ... 
i really really really really REALLY cannot stand my job anymore . i need a complete life makeover asap before i literally go crazyyyyyyyyyyyyy 
Upon our plates to feed , the dying left to bleed , how much we really need , your politics of greed . The cancer takes ahold , the wolf is in the fold , our < PROPFEMALE>'s been sold , we do just what we're told ... and we are letting you get away with it . 
these corporate fools got me on a crazy ass deadline of t-minus 40 minutes so i need to perform an editing miracle right aboutttttttt ...... MEOW . ZETUS LUPETUS !!!!! 
fodyyyyyyyy's for dinner and drinks with the wife , husband , and sister :) just lovely ! 
i am so indescribably confused . yet i am powerless . 
i walk with a limp like an old school pimp or a real OG ...... 
If you really stop and think , it's not that hard , you can be anything , you are a superstar , keep your head on straight , be a leader , don't follow -- live for today and forget about tomorrow . 
“Be still , sad heart , and cease repining ; Behind the clouds the sun is shining ; Thy fate is the common fate of all ; Into each life some rain must fall -- Some days must be dark and dreary . ” 
when i was a little girl , my dad would ask me if i wanted to go for a ride with him to the dump . now-a-days , he asks me to accompany him to the liquor store . i can't complain . 
i may have just found an open position for my absolute DREAM JOB ..... although i'm baaaaarely even qualified . but i want it . bad . so so so bad ..... 
on my way to rhode island to see JAY-Z and N*E*R*D with KELLENNNNNNN .... can you say greatest night EVER ?!?! 
<3 <3 <3 much love to everyone for the birthday wishes <3 <3 <3 you guys are all great :) 
keep an eye out for your soul , don’t let them devils take it away , all that glitters is not gold girl 
apparently i'm cast out of the loop now ..... time to make some serious changes in judgement . 
Remember a day before today , a day when you were young ... free to play alone with time , evening never came ... sing a song that can't be < PROPFIRST > , without the morning's kiss ... Queen you shall be it if you wish , look for your < PROPMALE > ... Why can't we play today ? Why can't we stay that way ? 
. . . if i go insane and they lock me away , will you still let me join in the game ? 
it was AMAZING to see my long lost loves down in the mill city last night ..... they always put the biggest smile on my faaaaaace :D 
. . . how many < PROPMALE > can you put on one soul before the smile starts to blend into one big bullet hole ? 
“There's high , and there's high , and to get really high -- I mean so high that you can walk on the water , that high--that's where I'm going . ” oh , that's definitely where we're going tonight .... BRING IT . 
What you don't see with your eyes , don't witness with your mouth -- We cannot control the evil tongues of others , but a good life enables us to disregard them . 
There's good and evil in each individual fire , identifies needs and feeds our desires . As long as we keep our spirit inspired , she can bite her bottom lip all she wants . 
..... in NYC babyyy <3 going to see me some LOTUS tonight , but today you'll probably find me hula hooping in central park hahaha it'll be AH-mazing :D 
watching clueless will never be the same again . here's to < PROPFEMALE > ... see you around -- i hope not sporadically . <3 you were beautiful !! 
We must be willing to get rid of the life we've planned , so as to have the life that is waiting for us . The old skin has to be shed before the new one can come . 
Sometimes we walk , some times we run away . But I know no matter how fast we are running , somehow we keep , somehow we keep up with each other . 
It may be raining , but there's a rainbow above you . 
and if the perfect spring is waiting somewhere , just take me there ... 
. :| . | : . When I'm bored I send vibrations in your direction through the satellite mind . :| . | : . 
my insomnia has insomnia ..... and they have apparently joined forces against me . wooooop-dee-doo . laaaaah-dee-dah . 
you get the ankles and i'll get the wrists . 
i want a doppleganger ! :( do i even have a doppleganger ?? WHO IS MY DOPPLEGANGER ?!?!? 
strawberry fields forever <3 
... wake me up from this dream and tell me things aren't as bad as they seem , and tell me is it so not cool to say , \Who will save the trees ? Will it be me ? \"" 
When you walk in the noise disappears , where you begin is perfectly clear , all this time I felt so confused , then came you and I just knew ... :) 
We're gonna start a resistance , so we want independence , we're gonna give the world some of this -- electric kiss . 
my inner flower child hippie wants to come out and dance circles around you . 
there is a lady gaga takeover on fuse ALLLLL DAYYYYY LONGGGGG . i believe today has just turned into the greatest monday of all time ... purely fantastical <3 <3 <3 
“There are four questions of value in life : What is sacred ? Of what is the spirit made ? What is worth living for , and what is worth dying for ? The answer to each is the same . Only love . ” <3 
“May the love hidden deep inside your heart find the love waiting in your dreams . May the laughter that you find in your tomorrow wipe away the pain you find in your yesterdays . ” 
i'm really curious as to why everyone seems to be so intrigued by the sport of curling suddenly ..... for the love people , where were you all 12 years ago when i wanted to start training a team for these olympics ?!?! 
Love will remain a mystery , but give me your hand and you will see your heart is keeping time with me <3 
want sleep . NEED sleep . BUT -- i gots my first day of workski today :) finallyyyyyyy -- sleep later . 
J'ai envahi < PROPFEMALE > monde que je ne connais pas , peu importe j'en par < PROPFEMALE > , peu importe je sais ... 
I hope some animal never bores a hole in my head and lays its eggs in my brain , because later you might think you're having a good idea but it's just eggs hatching . 
Well I know it's a wonderful world from the sky down to the sea , and I know it's a wonderful world when you're with me <3 .... spending my night with the one who makes me smiiiiiile ! he's the best :) 
“If you realized how powerful your thoughts are , you would never think a negative thought . ” 
“Fear less , hope more ; Eat less , chew more ; Whine less , breathe more ; Talk less , say more ; Love more , and all good things will be yours . ” 
“Peace is not something you wish for ; it's something you make , something you do , something you are , and something you give away . ” [[ peace&love ]] 
“There are many things in life that will catch your eye , but only a few will catch your heart ..... pursue those . ” 
To love is to risk not being loved in return . To hope is to risk pain . To try is to risk failure , but risk must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing . 
All the jagged edges disappear , colors all look brighter when you're near <3 
don't be jealous that i have a dawson's creek lighter and you don't .... I DON'T WANNA WAIT <3 hahahaha ohhhh how i love love LOVE my ladies + < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
“If you think about disaster , you will get it . Brood about death and you hasten your demise . Think positively and masterfully , with confidence and faith , and life becomes more secure , more fraught with action , richer in achievement and experience . ” 
working till 2ish , then going straight to the liq-liq to purchase a whole slew (<-- that's for you kimmy ) of beverages for immediate consumption and celebratory purposes :) OH HAPPY DAY 
Let me take you on a trip around the world and back , and you won't have to move , you just sit still , now let your mind do the walking and let my body do the talking , let me show you the world in my eyes ... <3 
Say it's the same sun spinning in the same sky , say it's the same stars streaming in the same night . Tell me it's the same world whirling through the same space , tell me it's the same time tripping through the same day ... 
“You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right , it's the best thing in the world . When you're in a relationship and it's good , even if nothing else in your life is right , you feel like your whole world is complete . ” 
“As you simplify your life , the laws of the universe will be simpler ; solitude will not be solitude , poverty will not be poverty , nor weakness weakness . ” 
For now my head is in the clouds , I'm a silly love song , a twisted elbow crush song , I would go to jail with only boys just to prove I was as tough as you , I will clench my own fist and I will always wait , there's more than blood that beats through my heart . 
“We tend to forget that happiness doesn't come as a result of getting something we don't have , but rather of recognizing and appreciating what we do have . ” 
“Here is the deepest secret nobody knows . Here is the root of the root and the < PROPMALE > of the < PROPMALE > and the sky of the sky of a tree called life ; which grows higher than soul can hope or mind can hide . And this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart . I < PROPFEMALE > your heart . I < PROPFEMALE > it in my heart . ” <3 
When you're feeling blue or are in distress , I know what can wipe that sad away , all you have to do is put a banana in your ear ! -- A banana in my ear ? -- Put a ripe banana into your favorite ear ! ...... LOL for the love , < PROPFIRST > the unicorn , who comes up with this stuff ?! 
if i wake before i die , rescue me with your smile <3 
Go ahead and throw it out into the waves , say goodbye to yesterday and try to fly the stress away .... 
ohhh this is the start of something good , don't you agree ? 
“We've got to learn hard things in our lifetime , but it's love that gives you the strength . It's being nice to people and having a lot of fun and laughing harder than anything , hopefully every single day of your life . ” 
“Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while , so that we can see life with a clearer view again . ” 
i'm gonna go have myself a little adventure . perhaps some frogger will be involved . 
“One day at a time -- this is enough . Do not look back and grieve over the past for it is gone ; and do not be troubled about the future , for it has not yet come . Live in the present , and make it so beautiful it will be worth remembering . ” <3 
nothing makes me happier than sunshine and barbecuing and drinking beers ( JUST a couple ! ) around a fire with some of my favorite people :) 
“It was only a < PROPFEMALE > smile and little it cost in the giving but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living . ” :) 
“I can't control my < PROPFEMALE > , I trust my soul , my only goal is just to be . There's only now , there's only here . Give in to love or live in fear . No other path , no other way . No day but today . ” 
If you want to feel < PROPMALE > , just count the things you have that money can't buy . 
going out on a little early morning adventure ....... yippeeeeee ! 
what's mine is yours to leave or take , what's mine is yours to make your own <3 
“Whatever you hold in your mind will tend to occur in your life . If you continue to believe as you have always believed , you will continue to act as you have always acted . If you continue to act as you have always acted , you will continue to get what you have always gotten . If you want different results in your life or your work , all you have to do is change your mind . ” 
mr squigglesworth just smiled at me . no lie . 
“It is the nature of the ego to take , and the nature of the spirit to share . ” 
red sox + kerplunk + hula hooping + cooking dinner por mi famigliaaaa = <3 .... mucho amore , besos besos ;) 
.... aaaaand let the off-road adventure beginnnnn :) 
If there is no passion in your life , then have you really lived ? Find your passion , whatever it may be . Become it , and let it become you and you will find great things happen FOR you , TO you and BECAUSE of you . 
“Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply , to enjoy simply , to think freely , to risk life , to be needed . ” 
Why not learn to enjoy the little things ?... there are so many of them :) 
The sun is just like the sound of your voice in the morning when you light my world up ... one look and I'm done , one glance from your eyes and I'm captivated <3 
going to see < PROPFEMALE > IN CHAINS tonight ..... i have the most amazing friends in the whole world !! <3 
ohhhhh my goodness i am in toothache hellllllllllllll 
i'm reallllllly not a fan of sketchy bullshit ..... i just try to be a good person to everyone and hope that i receive the same respect back in return ..... it's a pretty simple concept . 
i would give a friggin ' kidney and a toe to be spending the day with my bestest today .... JENNIFER < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , I LOVE YOU AND MISS YOU LIKE WHOA :) <3 
cleaning the house for my man while he's hard at work ... we make a great team like that ;) 
“Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live . ” <3 
so i took a bullet to the face today ... you think i'm joking but i'm not . it was intense . and bloody . 
off to the army/navy store to do some shopping with my favorite redneck and the little monstah :) gonna get me some daggone camo gear suckaaaaaahs 
my baby bought me a fishing pole todayyyyy :) so what do you think we're doing ?! GONE FISHIN ' <3 
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing . To keep our faces toward change and behave like free spirits in the presence of fate is strength undefeatable . ” 
“It takes more courage to reveal insecurities than to hide them , more strength to relate to people than to dominate them , more ' manhood ' to abide by thought-out principles rather than blind reflex . Toughness is in the soul and spirit , not in muscles and an immature mind . ” 
so excited for my shopping date with miss < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > today <3 i need a good shopping spree , it's been wayyyy too long 
hey hey , what can i do ? 
wanna put my tender heart in a blender , watch it spin round to a beautiful oblivion .... 
“What is it about a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > afternoon , with the birds singing and the wind rustling through the leaves , that makes you want to get drunk ? ” - The one and only < PROPFIRST > Handy :) 
working allllllll day , booooo :( .... but i can't wait to see my babe tonight !! yayyyyy :) 
i am having some SERIOUS bad luck with this tooth ..... throbbing pain + swollen face + jaw infection = heavy meds and bed rest for 24hrs ..... i cannot wait for this all to finally just be overrrrrr :( 
“To change is difficult . Not to change is fatal . ” 
if you can't beat them , join them --- hoping a little me time will get me out of my own head so i can get back to the good old me :) 
“The only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open . ” 
“Learn to get in touch with the silence within yourself , and know that everything in life has purpose . There are no mistakes , no coincidences , all events are blessings given to us to learn from . ” :) 
if it ain't broke then don't try to fix it ..... big < PROPMALE > style 
To my Mamasita , the greatest woman in the entire world ... Happy Mother's Day !! I love you more than words can express <3 And to all the wonderful women in my family and all my amazing friends who are mothers , I hope that all your days are as special as you are , celebrate and enjoy today for everything that you are and everything that you do !!! 
“You never lose by loving . You always lose by holding back . ” 
exit light , enter night , take my hand , we're off to never never land ...... 
work tonight then it's the weeeeekend pour moi , 3 lovely days off :) gotta start getting ready for the kickoff to summer rager on saturday !!! (( hope you feel better babe , your nurse is right here to take care of you if you need anything <3 )) 
Most people do not receive nearly enough appreciation . How can this be when appreciation is free , easy , and readily available ? All you have to do is speak . Go give some away now ! 
“We're never so vulnerable than when we trust someone - but paradoxically , if we cannot trust , neither can we find love or joy ... you must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible . ” 
“He who cannot give anything away cannot feel anything either . Unless your heart , your soul , and your whole being are behind every decision you make , the words from your mouth will be empty , and each action will be meaningless . Truth and confidence are the roots of happiness . ” 
i'm confused . i'm scared . i'm anxious . i hurt . i don't know what to do . 
couldn't have asked for a more beautiful weekend of camping in the good old new hampshire mountains ... i'm sad that its over but i'm so excited for more summer adventures and excursions with the most amazing guy i know <3 i am one lucky lady ! 
“You've got to get up every morning with a smile on your face and show the world all the love in your heart , then people gonna treat you better , you're gonna find , yes you will , that you're beautiful as you feel ... ” - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > <3 
If people concentrated on the really important things in life , there'd be a shortage of fishing poles .... 
“Don't wait until everything is just right . It will never be perfect . There will always be challenges , obstacles and less than perfect conditions . So what ? Get started now . With each step you take , you will grow stronger and stronger , more and more skilled , more and more self-confident and more and more successful . ” :) 
had ridiculous amounts of fun being spoiled riding in style with my man the past couple days , and i finally got some color ! -- although it's a very vivid red color right now :) i still couldn't be happier ! <3 
“Oh , you hate your job ? Why didn't you say so ? There's a support group for that . It's called EVERYBODY , and they meet at the bar . ” 
“Why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything ? If it works as well as prohibition did , in five years Americans would be the smartest race of people on Earth . ” 
“Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth , so virtue appears from good deeds , and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind . To walk safely through the maze of human life , one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue . ” 
“I have always believed , and I still believe , that whatever good or bad fortune may come our way we can always give it meaning and transform it into something of value . ” 
CANNOT WAIT to see my bestest tomorrow after almost 6 long months ..... safe travels < PROPFEMALE > <3 i'll see your beautiful face so so soon !! :) 
ok world , its time i admit it . i am madly in love with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > lavoie . i am going to shout it from the rooftops . we are getting married ( bc its legal in NH now ) immediately on Monday morning . 
Happy Father's Day to everyone , especially to my Pops who is the greatest dad a girl could ever ask for , I'll always be your little girl :) Love you so much !!! And to my babe , you're an absolutely amazing dad , I feel so lucky to be a part of your lives <3 Hope everyone's day is wonderful !!! 
a beautiful thing is never perfect ..... but you're perfectly beautiful to me <3 
\Everything is simpler than you think and at the same time more complex than you can imagine . \"" 
work quote of the day by fouad : \I need to eat something before I bite you . \"" 
Imperfection is beauty . Madness is genius . And it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring !! 
“You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see , but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel . ” 
“Take a second out to think about this : in your life you search and search for the right person for you . Every time you break up with someone you get one step closer to that person . You should look at moving on as getting closer to meeting the one . ” 
i'm either the biggest baby or the biggest nerd ever considering < PROPFIRST > stonestreet's < PROPFEMALE > win just made me cry because my life dream is to win one and dedicate it to my amazing mother and father too !! 
\An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . \"" 
“This life is yours . Take the power to choose what you want to do and do it well . Take the power to love what you want in life and love it honestly . Take the power to walk in the < PROPMALE > and be a part of nature . Take the power to control your own life . No one else can do it for you . Take the power to make your life happy . ” 
going on an artistic , nature-ific adventure with Kimmy Lavoie in this hot hot heat ! --> http://www.andresinstitute.org/ 
my weekly love affair with jax teller begins again in t-minus 3 hourssss :) 9 months apart was just wayyyyy too long <3 
Sometimes in our lives , we all have pain , we all have sorrow . But if we are wise , we know that there's always tomorrow . 
so i was driving home tonight and i saw shadow walking down the side of the road all by himself ..... chance and sassy were nowhere to be seen 
i'm totally bummed out that i didn't get to see < PROPFEMALE > play tonight :( i sooo could've used a good night of going nuts and rocking the eff out ! hope the show was off the hook guys , can't wait for the next oneeeeeee !!!! 
hey . i'm with the band . \ 
\ 
portsmouth , you better be ready for MOLLYYYYY !!!!! i know i am :) 
thank you so much everyone for all your birthday wishes , i really am a very lucky girl to have such amazing family and friends <3 i love you all immensely !! 
“Love is what we were born with . Fear is what we learned here . ” 
“Perhaps they are not stars , but rather openings in heaven where the love of our lost ones pours through and shines down upon us to let us know they are happy . ” .... miss you more everyday , love you always papa <3 
If your Mom is , or was , your hero , your best friend , or just the best Mom ever ; whether you are blessed to still have your Mom with you , or if she's an Angel in Heaven ... Copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your Mom , and that you love her forever .... I have the BEST MOM in the world !!! 
My heart is in Colorado today , celebrating the birth of one of the most amazing people I have ever known ..... HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BESTEST FRIEND , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > !!! I love you to the < PROPFEMALE > and back !!! <3 
just gotta get through my lunch shift today then i get a mini turkey day vaycay !! ( mini meaning 36 work-free hours ha ) but i'll take it , bring on the FOOOOOOOD . GET IN MAH BELLAYYYY ahhh i love thanksgiving <3 
what a day !! between poor < PROPFEMALE>'s teeth and < PROPFEMALE>'s toe , it was definitely a good old polish thanksgiving for us haha .... but despite the injuries and the disturbing amount of food i somehow managed to consume , it was an amazing day with my amazing family :) love you guys <3 
ummm ...... what kind of patriotism am I expected to have when the top news stories today are Obama's fat friggin ' lip and that U.S. secrets are to be revealed via wikipedia ?? are you serious < PROPFEMALE > ?!? and don't even get me started on the otter ..... 
Wishing the most amazingly wonderful , hilarious , caring father in the whole wide world the very happiest of birthdays .... HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY ! I love you !! 
\From Here To Eternity\ " .... one of my favorite classic movies 
