OMG Still can't believe I found my \Atlanta-Woman\ " ( ex-gf ) on here yesterday ! Can't wait to have sushi with ya !! I mean mexican .. lol " 

\I am not your problem to solve . \ " - my new most favoritest quote ever " 
OMG My aunt < PROPFIRST > from Chicago just said she was having a \brain boomer\ " LMAO " 
and everyone for future reference , when i say OMFG i mean \ Oh my freakin goodness ! \ " LOL " 
< PROPMALE>'s gonna help me do some video editing on Saturday ! I'm so glad I know such a nice guy with a < PROPMALE > :) 
bought a month-to-month membership at Urban Active in Rivergate last night for only $14.95 ! Now I don't have to walk to Brentwood any more lol 
pulled a string in the front of my jogging pants and there they went ! split right up the middle . and i was NOT wearing the right underwear for this to be happening omg . got to leave work early tho woo hoo ;) 
Off to the gym ! Come say Hi . Rivergate . Urban Active . 
Off to the gym . For the second time today ! Damn Sapporo . 
Are Corn and Bananas related ?? The inside of this banana peel sure does look an awful lot like a tamale ! Now what in the world I can do with this information ? .. that remains to be seen LOL 
So I was on my way to Vandy this morning , and along the way I passed by the Capitol building and OMG the hill that it sits on looks freaking awesome for sledding ! Probably the plastic disc type though as there's only 1/2 \.." 
So I got final word from my Doctor today . Some of you may know what's been going on , but I've tried not to make a big thing about it , b/c it scares the crap out of me , and I don't like to talk about it alot . But , I have an aortic aneurism . It was caused partly by a birth defect that , until recently , I didn't even know I had . 
If anyone knows of somebody looking to get rid of a nice office chair ( nice meaning comfortable , not necessarily leather ) I would love to have one . The one I'm in has had it . and sitting in it 5-6 hours a day for the last few weeks is killing my bum ! 
Leaving for Vandy now . Getting the camera via catheter @ 10AM . Please let the knock me out . Please God let them knock me out HARD . Amen . Please ! Amen . 
If anyone knows of anyone looking to rent a room , I have one available in my 2BR apartment in Rivergate . The rent would be $300 ( 1/2 of total rent ) plus 1/2 of the utilities so probably right around 400 per month for everything . just have them contact me here or they can leave a voicemail on my cell phone 615.727.2428 if they would like to come take a look . 
My surgery is Tues . March 9th @ 7:30 AM . I'll be able to have visitors starting Wednesday . So if you're in Nashville and wanna come say hi that'd be awesome :) I'll just be sitting there playing Sudoku , or maybe playing on my laptop . I'm totally not scared though , not YET anyways . I'll probably start freaking out Monday night IDK . It's like it's not even in my head yet . Just \La la la I'm fine . \ " right now ... " 
Hey FYI for anyone who hasn't been , ESSEX in Rivergate is pretty cool . It's a big retail markdown store with all kinds of stuff . It's where the old Circuit City used to be . 
Man this cat is way too smart for a laser pointer ! She just looks at it , then looks up at me like , \Are you serious ? Do I have to ? \ " OMG I love her . " 
I survived ! Hooray for that :) I can feel that my heart is completely fixed now . they ended up having to put in a mechanical valve . mine was hardening . they said it only had a couple of years left on it . and of course they replaced the aneurysm with a graft . i'm just in unbelievable pain right now , even with tons of morphine . but hopefully that will let up soon . 
Going home tomorrow morning !! 
Looking for roommate . 2BR in Rivergate . $400 incl . utilities . 
Going back to work in 13 days :) I feel like I'm 18 all over again LOL . It is AWESOME 
Two men walk into a bar . The third one ducks . 
There's no place like home . 
Was just at Vandy and saw this dude and well let's just say you know you're talented when you can pee AND blow your nose at the same time ! 
learned a new word today ! \HAPTIC TOUCH \"" 
Does anybody know where there's a Sno-Cone stand ? OMG it hot 
Joy Ride is on FX right now ... omg I love this movie ! 
Awesome lines from \The Wizard of Oz\ " .... \ 
I just got approved for my new apartment in Antioch ! I will miss you Rivergate ! But not the 30 minute drive to work every day ! 
Hey . Does anyone have experience rooting an Android phone for SuperUser permissions ? Been reading about it , but still scared of trashing my Evo trying .. any help much appreciated ! 
Going with a friend to shoot my first gun .. Please God don't let me kill anybody !! 
< PROPFEMALE > .. i just realized something that never really occurred to me before . All those times I ever said \It doesn't take a genius .. \ " Well I take it back ! " 
Rum + Grape Juice = Wheeeeeeeee LOL That's better :) 
Never make someone a priority when , to them , you are only an option . 
Video bowling ... Dave says \Jimmy all your strikes are getting boring . \"" 
What is your favorite < PROPFIRST > Sheen quote ? 
Favorite quote I heard today ... \Just because I know you fart still doesn't mean I like it . \"" 
