HAPPY FREAKIN ' NEW YEARS !!!!! WOO ! :D 

Hasn't gotten out of her bed in a week -.- 
Has made a new friend ^^ yaya ! 
is finding it really hard to ask for help when she needs it >.< 
is getting annoyed with how fast life has been moving since graduation ... 
is bound and determined to get a job ! :) 
Social experiment , if you read this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment with a memory of you and me . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you will be surprised with what people remember about you . 
has just added a bunch of photos ;3 
Just saw < PROPFEMALE > Trek for the 3rd time ^^ 
Can Finally afford to get her school textbooks ! yay now I wont fail =D 
is finally getting her laptop back from Geek Squad ^^ 
hates school .... but is doing her best to put up with it ... >.< 
really wants to be < PROPFEMALE > Sciuto from NCIS for Halloween next year :D 
hates term papers ... 
is sooooo sleepy T.T 
just saw The Eggmen tonight with family ! :D 
watched Ice Age 23 times today o.o 
had a blast today :) 
can't find her phone ! D: 
thanks < PROPFIRST > for finding her phone . I LOVE U !! :D 
JUST GOT THE NEW SWITCHFOOT CD ! :D 
is back from the dentist ... and is in pain T.T stupid fillings 
wants to shop ! :) 
Is soooo glad that the semester is almost over :D 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE ! Love y'all! <3 
tried to eat chicken hearts for dinner but got all freaked out and couldn't eat them T.T 
Dammit ! Some Jackass is running around my neighborhood punching out car windows !!!! Some lady just stopped by our house , because she saw our car , and said that someone had taken out two of her windows up the street . Lovely isn't it ? 
just watched Bloody < PROPFIRST > for the first time ... yea I don't think I'll be sleeping tonight ... >.< lol 
ummm if anyone is getting notifications from me that I answered a question about them .... i really didn't .... and you can completely disregard it . :) mkay ? silly facebook app doing strange things ... 
IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you . 1 : Crazy . 2 : I'd marry you . 3 : Talkative . 4 : Sarcastic . 5 : Loveable . 6 : Clubhead . 7 : Moody . 8 : Dumb . 9 : Spoiled . 10 : Mouthy . 11 : Random . 12 : Hot . 13 : Funny . 14 : Fit . 15 : Amazing . 16 : Beatuiful . 17 : Cute . 18 : Smart ass 
How many of you personally know all the people on your friends list ? Well , here's a task for you . I WANT EVERYONE ON MY FRIENDS LIST TO COMMENT ON THIS STATUS STATING HOW WE MET . I mean our first encounter ever . Then copy and paste this as your own status and see what kind of results you get ? 
Isn't particularly excited about taking summer courses ... but at least it will keep my brain cells alive :D 
Woot ! Finished my essay for History :) Now time to power nap go take the test then I'M FREE ! <3 .... until June 1st >.< 
Freedom ! :) 
I went to the shelter today after looking online at some of the dogs and fell in love with a Mutt named Gravey . We recognized him as soon as we got there and just had to take him home . He was abandoned at the shelter in February , was adopted , then returned ( owners couldn't afford him ) and now hes happily resting with my mom and I in my living room . Thanks Mom and Dad for my Birthday present ! :) 
Look at your status , now back to mine , now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting useless idiocy and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . Anything is possible when your status has a point . I'm on a computer 
Its a small world ! : I went to the dog park again today and a lady recognized < PROPMALE > . It turns out she is the animal behaviorist at Will Co . shelter and had trained with < PROPMALE > when he was brought in . When < PROPMALE > arrived at WILCO he was constantly shaking in fear and she worked with him for a long time until he was adopted by me . If hes improved this much since then I cant wait to see how much more calm he will become ! 
