\Like\ " my status if you would vote for me if I ran for president . " 

Im in Florida bitchez ! 
3 more months until SEATTLE ! : D 
Lost and insecure , you found me , you found me . Lying on the floor surrounded , surrounded . Why'd you have to wait ? Where were you ? Where were you ? Just a little late . You found , you found me . 
I wish bubbles could make different shapes . That would be so dope . 
Wouldn't life be perfect if sweatpants were sexy , Mondays were fun , junk food didn't make you fat , Girls didn't cause so much drama , guys weren't so confusing , and goodbyes only meant until tomorrow ? 
I'm sorry to say but the 90's did it better in terms of music than now in days . The very , very , early 2000's were one last call for good music . 
Please pray or whatever it is that you do that I can pass the test on friday . I still need help with my parallel parking and backing into a parking space . I hope that i'm not like brother and have to take it 3 times . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>'s birthday ? Who is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ? Isn't he that black guy from Stargate SG1 ? 
\Procrastination makes perfect . \ " - Dom Fera " 
I just want you to know that I am a good person and that i've made mistakes and i'm not perfect . 
I just want to take my clothes off , crawl into my bed , and listen to music . 
When the day comes where I prove you wrong - very wrong , don't try talking to me again like everything is all peaches and cream . 
I wonder what it would be like to smoke poisin < PROPFEMALE > . 
I seek guidance in fortune cookies 
I only know how to set myself up for another fall . 
Unwinding the day with a little dubstep . 
I PASSED MY ROAD TEST !!!!!! :D x100 
Drove from Newport News , VA all the way home in one day . Washington DC has the worst traffic I have ever seen ! 
You know what ? This world has many issues and I dont give a big fuck to fix them for everyone , do it yourself ! I'm making nachos - out ! 
Leaving for Seattle on the 19th !! I am so excited !! :D 
A month ago I weighted 150 , now I'm at 130 ! :) 
