Monday .... Annual Meeting this week .... what could go wrong ? 

Hump day ... getting hard to concentrate on work . 
ok .... umm how do I get there ? 
Well ... Home again . Back to work , thhhbbbbbb ! 
Middlebury Festival was well ..... honestly a little disappointing this year . Nice parade ... a little long , there must have been 25 Shrine clubs and at least 75 semi tractors in the parade . For awhile , all you could see was semi's from one end of main to the other . 
One more day at work ... then a long weekend at the Ridge ! Yipahhhh . 
Flags at half staff . Remember those that gave their lives on this day , 8 years ago . 
Back home again in Indiana , and it seems that I can see the gleaming candlelight , still shining bright thro the Sycamores for me ... 
One of these days , I need to clear out some of the scrub Sassafras trees in my yard and make room for a nice Tulip tree and a Sycamore . I know just the Sycamore tree I'd like to get a seedling from . 
< PROPMALE > is off to New York . Bachin ' it for the weekend . Maybe I'll try and catch a movie . 
Spending the day organizing the garage ... I don't know if I'm going to win , or the garage . 
GGrrrrrr .... Garage One , < PROPMALE > 0 . I made headway , but it is going to be long tough war . Think I'll head for Goshen , Inglorious Bastards is playing at the Linway . 
Have gun will travel says the card of a man .... Paladin , Paladin , where do you roam ?.... 
Chenay Bay .... Feb 2010 . ahhh ...... I can hear the waves and feel the sea breeze now . 80 degrees , < PROPFEMALE > with a 30% < PROPMALE > of showers . 
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious ! Even though the sound of it is Something quite atrocious If you say it loud enough you'll Always sound precocious , Supercallifragilisticexpialidocious !!! 
A 1974 Datsun 260Z . Now there were some good times . 
WooHoo !! Ally did great ! 9.83 minutes per mile ! Overall 54.09 good enough for 12th place . 
Monday ... tougher when you aren't there on Friday . Why is that ? 
gerglesnart and hossenfeffer , with a side of fleegledoogle . 
Liberty .... Liberty lost .... bondage to the state . The rotten socialist b******ds ! Taking my < PROPFEMALE > my property , the fruits of my labor to give to someone that didn't earn it , all in the name of fairness . People need to learn that life just isn't fair . A man has the right to choose his own < PROPFEMALE > and should be ready to accept the conciquences of his actions , or in-action . 
had a great time with family and friends last night . Good food , good company and good fun , what more can a guy ask for ? 
The air is cold crisp and sweet . Like the flesh of a ripe apple when you take that first bite . There is nothing to taint is freshness but the smoke curling from my pipe . A shiver runs through me even as the sun blazes in the sky but its warmth cannot penetrate . Old man winters grip is strengthening . Cold and Warmth will battle for awhile , but soon Winters dominion will descend upon us , as mother nature watches on . 
There is nothing like the sweet sounds of a childs laughter , combined with squeals of pure delight . All it takes is a toy monkey , or a pony ride on grandpa's back . Those little things that draw a tremendous belly laugh over and over . These are the memories to < PROPFEMALE > , the ones to tuck away and bring back out when you need a little cheer or perhaps a reminder of the truly important things in life . 
I guess I'm a little slow on the uptake , but you know ..... Pelosi really brings a whole new dynamic to the name , \Nancy Boy \"." 
It appears that some of those that support the healthcare reform < PROPMALE > , actually do have the same goals and desires that I do . Our differences aren't in the ends , it is in the means . 
The rain gray clouds lay heavy in the sky . A lone grey squirrel plays in the trees , running lightly from branch to branch . Suddenly he launches himself through the air toward a neighboring tree and catches a slim twig with a single paw . Without hesitation he continues his journey , even as the limb bounces under his weight . He has run this road before , gathering his rations for the long hard winter . 
Majesty , beauty , the vast expanse of lake Michigan as it spreads out before me . The sun shines down and the light sparkles and dances on its surface . A sail boat lazily makes its way north and its passengers enjoy the trip , looking forward to the time they will spend at play . A great lakes freighter steams south , commerce , trade , adventure in the hearts and minds of the crew . 
The girl young and beautiful . Long flowing auburn hair and the bluest eyes you've ever seen . Eyes a more vibrant blue than the sky . They dance with excitement , < PROPFEMALE > with love and mischief , when she is angry they turn dark and < PROPFEMALE > . In her heart grow plans and dreams for the life that lies ahead . 
You know ... you can tell a lot about a person from their flair . Some people are very meticulous about the way it is laid out . Some don't have a lot , but it is generally about things important to them . Others , well ... they have a lot of flair , but it speaks about their personality and interests . Is there a thesis in there somewhere ? 
A short story that I'm working on . It has potential , but I don't know if I can do it justice . 
Frolicing .... Men just don't frolic . They meander or mosey . Sometimes we just walk or , for no particular reason , we might wander . But frolic ?!? That's a little too much like prancing . We don't prance either . We can run maybe ramble or even explore but leave the prancing and frolicing to women and children . 
Tonight I stand in the dark , to keep my heart and my soul company . There is no solace there . Only despair , despondency and profound sadness . The beauty of the night and trappings of the season should inspire happiness and joy . But , tonight , I feel only the darkness sucking at my being . 
The walls of the garage and the north wing of the house create a safe haven where the snow slowly sifts down from the sky . Beyond that small safe harbour , the barren trees are thrashed by the relentlessly cruel wind and the snow is driven through the air like < PROPFEMALE > shards of glass . 
The lead gray sky speaks of the \perma-cast\ " that is settling over the upper midwest . The seemingly permanantly overcast skys where each clear day with sunshine is a cause for celebration . " 
Winter has arrived . My favorite constellation now dominates the southern skies . Orion the < PROPMALE > is rising , his bow perpetually drawn and his trusty short sword strapped to his glittering belt . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! May your day be filled with joy , laughter and family . 
The snow drifts gently down from the sky , covering the earth in a soft white blanket . The surface is marred only by the tracks of a passing rabbit as it seeks a warm safe shelter in which to pass this cold winter night . 
I love our dog . When we come home < PROPFEMALE > is always always super excited to see us ! She was so happy tonight , she just started running . I had to smile as she raced back and forth and around in circles . She would run up to us for a quick < PROPFIRST > or rub and then she was off again at full speed . Sometimes she wiggles so hard I'm afraid she is going to hurt herself . 
I see the < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > sees me . The < PROPFEMALE > sees somebody I want to see . So , God bless the < PROPFEMALE > and God bless me and God bless the somebody I want to see . 
Off to the Ag-Fair and a fine < PROPMALE > exhibit at Good Hope School . We had lots of fun . Dad ran into a long lost cousin in one of the booths at the fair . We have a family portrait we will have to post . The < PROPMALE > exhibit ranged from not impressed to magnificent . Oh yes , most important , < PROPFIRST > Cakes and a chicken leg for lunch ! 
I am really , really going to miss going barefoot . Oh .. and 80 degrees with sun . Oh .. oh and ....... well , you get the idea . 
Spring can break winters grip anytime it is ready . The fresh breeze and warmth . The brief cold death of winter over come by the magic of the earths seasons . The short glimpse of perpetual summer last week , has me longing for the renewal of life to come . 
The frogs are singing in the marsh and the geese call to each other on the lake . Water is running down the handle of the big dipper . Grandpa < PROPFEMALE > told me that is how you know that the sap is running in the < PROPFEMALE > trees . 
I am in geek heaven right now ! 
I see that the fable of the Little Red Hen is going have to be re-written . It has become outdated . I'm certain < PROPMALE > Cohen ( D ) Tennessee , will agree . The Little Red Hen was really a selfish racist . 
I'm so glad to be out of the car ... got up at 4am on a Saturday to drive < PROPMALE > to Indy . Now I gotta batch it for a week . It just dosnt quit seem right . 
Looks like the Dogwood and flower crab apple are gonna be in bloom by the weekend ! Spring is springing ! 
The blooms are exploding ! The crab apple is so full of flowers it is stunning . The Dogwood is in bloom , it looks like a cloud resting on a tree trunk . To my utter surprise , the Lilac is blooming as well . It seems like awfully early spring . 
3 hours , 7 bags of grass clippings , 1 lawn mower repair and the lawn is back in shape . Thank God for a wife that isn't afraid to get out and help me . When the self propelled mower quit I thought Id cry ... 
I have but one thing to say to my friends and family in Indiana and Michigan ..... VOTE ! 
Well crap ! I went three for three yesterday . Three races that I cared about and three candidates won that I really didn't want , won . Crap ! 
Greece is trying to bring spending under control so their government won't fail financially . The populace is protesting those measures . Who do they think will pay for their entitlement programs ? Do they grow money trees in Greece ? 
Spring is waning now . The soft white petals of the dogwood tree slowly fade to the full green leaves of summer . The Lilac and the Daffodil have had their glorious day in the sun . The Peonie and the Wisteria stand in the wings knowing their time on stage will soon arrive . 
The smooth green of the lawn , even the rauchious argument between the birds across the street , sooth my mind and rest my soul from the stresses of the day . What a wonderful thing to be able to escape it all in my very own \Fortress of Solitude . \"" 
Plank , dunkler weissenbock . Nectar of the beer Gods ! 
Thank you all for the great birthday wishes ! It is wonderful having so many loving friends and such a great family . Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > for a great birthday supper , and Al .. you made a wonderful < PROPMALE > Chocolate Cake . My Favorite ! 
My memory is my curse . It's what I had to give up to get my super powers ..... 
Toshiba Technical support really put me in a foul mood this afternoon . those bone heads wrould have had me running all over Northern Indiana for no good reason . I'm not a happy customer . 
A light breeze stirs the trees and creates a miniature down pour in the depths of the grove , while the last rays of the sun illuminate the fleeing storm clouds far overhead . Canis < PROPMALE > peeks down through a clearing in the sky and watches as a peaceful night settles over northern Indiana . 
one of the sweetest sounds on earth . Walking through the door and the first thing you hear is your two year pl granddaughter say .... Papaw ! 
Is missing his beautiful little Granddaughter . she is a precious treasure . I wish she lived closer . 
The Valkyrie took flight today . What a wonderful way to commute ! 
The Peonies and the Wysteria have come into their own . But I have a question . Does IcyHot smell like Peonie , or do Peonies smell like Icy Hot ? Most of our bushes smell normal , like sweet flowers . But , we have a couple that smell like IcyHot . I would dare say , if those were the first Peonies that < PROPMALE > had smelled , they would not be her favorite flower . 
The ridge has had a bath ! a nice pipe and Bellls A . ber Ale . < sigh > 
< PROPMALE > wins @ squat ! The rest suck rocks ! 
and it is a huge come from behind victory , nobody will talk to me now ... 
A visit to Pt Betsie . Watched som people out kite boarding . Looked like fun . 
I am the sword . I am annihilation . I strike fear into the hearts of weeds throughout my lawn . Die weeds ! Die ! Buaaahaaaahaaaaa ! ..... Maybe I should have worn a mask while I was out spreading death and destruction .... 
I wish I had a friend that would come back in time and tell me how I came up with the formula for transwarp beaming . That would be very cool , and besides that I be < PROPMALE > enough I could retire . 
Squat is an awesome drinking game ! Facebookers know it as farkle . Here are our rules . You roll three of a kind and your opponent drinks 1/4 shot . 4 of a kind 1/2 shot . if you roll squat ( farkle ) you drink a shot . If you roll 1600 points in one roll , ( < PROPMALE > of three rolls ) your opponent drinks a shot . If you roll 1000 , ( three 1's ) your opponent drinks a shot . The X rated version is even better ! 
The rain falls striking the leaves of the trees . At first i heard the roll from a thousand snare drums . Then As it rains harder I realize that it isn't drums that I hear but thunderous applause . The universal sound of joy and appreciation . Mother Natures ovation to an act in the play of life . 
What a wonderful spring evening to sit on the deck and listen to the song of the tree frogs and watch the dance of the fireflies as they make their first appearance of the season . In the distance I can hear the muffled conversation of some teens playing on the lake with the occasional rauchious laughter of the boys and the delighted squeals from the girls . Ah the joy of carefree youth . 
< PROPMALE > and my Dad start their trek across lower Michigan today . South Haven to Ottsego today . Good weather for a ride . Be strong , be safe , and have fun ! 
They made good time today . They were in by noon . They helped unload the trucks at about 1:00 . < PROPMALE > surprised Dad with a visit on Fathers day . Tomorrows goal is Hastings Mi . There is a < PROPMALE > of rain , but I think they can make it dry . Tomorrow night though may get a little bumpy with a 60 percent < PROPMALE > of rain . 
Yup ... Hardings . We are excited about having you visit ! 
< PROPMALE > and Dad had another great day ! They were in at Grass Lake by 1pm . They got sprinkled on in the late morning , but I think it was a nice change from the humidity . I imagine they may spend another night indoors though . XOXO . Baby ! 
It was a hot one today ! We spent the afternoon , finishing a landscaping job outside our front door . Then I got out the chainsaw and went crazy on a bush and a couple of trees . Now I can mow the lawn without stooping over and we can open the front windows when we want to . It looks good , if I do say so myself . 
The weekend approaches . We are gonna have some fun ! < PROPFIRST > , Torger and < PROPFIRST > are in safe and sound . Everyone have a safe 4th ! 
What a great day ! Neice and Nephew are ready to head out on the second leg of their journey and now were set for the second wave , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! WooHoo !! 
It has been a great 4th . thanks to my great Mom Stahly and < PROPFIRST > Lupi for working so hard on all the great food . We were well fed , thoroughly sun drenched and played out . If someone didn't enjoy themselves , then it is their own fault . 
I hate to say it , but the party is over ... back to work you slackers ! 
Useless trivia pop quiz ! Based on the following sentence , who am I most likely speaking to ? \My golgi tendon organs and I thank you ! \ " Please be specific and keep your answers to PG13 . " 
Ahhh . We are now safely installed into a comfortable chair at the ridge . Someone in my family loves me , there was a cold Guiness in the fridge to greet me . 
Our ride to Frankfort and back is done . AW for lunch , then the beach ! 
What a great day ! Got a little sunburn but other than that we had a wonderful time . Great weather , not many people and lots of relaxing . 
Well , as much as I hate to admit it , I found out what a rookie < PROPFIRST > from a recumbent looks like . I consists of a gigantic welt on the posterior of your ankle , directly across the Achilles tendon . I was riding along , enjoying myself immensely , when my foot slipped off of the pedal , slammed to the ground and was immediately struck across the ankle by the seat cross bar . It hurt so bad , it should only happen once . 
7.5 < PROPMALE > on the new trike tonight . My thighs think I've lost my mind . I've been a by-stander for to many years . Then < PROPMALE > had to show off and force me to try and keep up . Is she trying to do me in ? 
Hewy and the boys rocked the house in gosh-en tonight . They can truly play . I just wish that sometimes they would take a second and find out how to pronounce the name of the town they are playing in . Then you could rally feel \The Power of Love \"." 
43 < PROPMALE > on the trike today . Gorgious weather , gorgious riding companion , absolutely gorgious scenery . The views of lake michigan weren't bad either . 
Bells pale ale and kicking back on the porch at the ridge . Life is good . 
We had a great weekend with the folk and < PROPFEMALE > and Jochi ! We are worn to a frazzle but very happy ! Now I have to go back to work to rest up . 
It is time to relax . The house is washed and I feel god about what we accomplished this weekend . 
You know , it has been at least 15 years since I've worked 18 hours or so straight . I'm pooped , but I'm proud of my team and their willingness to get the job done . 
My wife is being a goof today . I like it ! 
As I was mowing the lawn this evening , suddenly I was confronted with a beautiful vision . I was so struck with awe , I had to stop . I was so inspired , I took off my sweaty cap and held it over my heart . It me less uncomfortable while I stared . Then I realized that it was < PROPMALE > out for a run . < sigh > 
I must be getting old . I can't seem to stop myself from giving my unsolicited opinion . Especially when it has to do wih personal < PROPFEMALE > . I never knew I felt so strongly about the subject . 
Almost to Mackinaw . Stopped for lunch in Alanson . 
Dodging goose poo at Fort Michlimackinac ... 
Now for the most exciting part of our trip ..... shopping ... thbbbb ! 
The runners are ready to mount the buses for the ride to the north side of the bridge ... 
The runners are in ! 58:00 congrats Ally ! 
The official times are in ! Ally completed the 5.5 < PROPMALE > with at time of 58:11:02 . She beat her last training run by over 15 minutes . Is she competitive or what !?! 
The movie RED , gets a thumbs up . Funny , with plenty of action . Worth seeing at the theater . 
Dont forget to get out and vote ! Show your patriotism ! 
I don't know what to think tonight . Next week another round of lithotripsy . Still trying to blast that stupid stone . 
Snow .... yes , that four letter word , S-N-O-W . Falling from the sky in FW . 
The third time is a charm .... Now I have to sit and let the Meds do there work . Thhbbbbbb !!!!! 
On this Thanksgiving day , I am thankful to be alive . I am thankful for to God and my guardian angel . I am thankful to be able to continue to fight for my health . I am thankful for my family , and my friends . I am thankful for my loving wife and all she does for me each and every day . 
I guess the thing that keeps getting left off of my posts , is that I'm home and resting well . They released me today just before noon . < PROPFEMALE > is so exhausted that she layed down for an afternoon nap and is still asleep . God bless her heart . She has been strong for me ! 
Seriously ? Pleurisy ? After 9 nights of not being able to lay down at night to sleep , I finally got to lay down and get a decent nights sleep . Thanks to a little bit of motrin . I knew that stuff was good for something . 
I had a nice relaxing day . Mom and Dad came to baby sit , while < PROPMALE>'s in Cincy . We played 3 games of squat and we each won one . 
We made it home from Cinci . The trip was about 5 1/2 hours . Snow and blowing snow made the roads treacherous . My question , where is the accumulation ? The ground doesn't look like there is much sticking . It's all on the roads . 
Looking forward to a nice relaxing Sunday ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > ryone enjoy your holiday . 
Summer Vacation is now booked ! Pedal Across Lower Michigan , should be a fun and relaxing time . It looks like a great route this year ! 
