and people are crazy .... 

I knew it was gonna happen . I knew it from the start . Why dont you all quit preteneding shits different then it is and grow up and deal with it ! 
im over it .. :D yup thats right .. and ur gonna be wishin i wasn't .. trust me ;) 
:D 
work and then fest heck yes !! 
this is gonna be crazy !!! fest .. bear season .. 3rd/4th ... wedding .. rodeo ... WELCOME TO SUMMER ! 
Bear season baby !!! 
had a great night lastnight ! THANKS < PROPFEMALE > !! :D 
im gonna rock my life cuz there ain't nobody who can do it as good as i can ! 
you ready for this ??? are you sure you can handle it ??? i think you better just go sit in the truck ... 
i want my truck back .. 
Cant wait for this weekend ! just wish my truck was workin ... gonna look pimpin crusin around in my huge ass tackle box on wheels .. 
Some things are better if they are never seen .. some things are better if they are never felt .. but how do you understand when things are good if you never feel the pain ... 
:D times infinity ! 
cleanin the cabin and workin on my truck tomorrow .. * sighs * it better work this time .. im not even kidding ! 
thank you for breaking down my wall .. thank you for looking past what everyone else wouldnt .. thank you for being my friend .. but most of all i thank you for not giving up . 
And hell yes I love my truck but I want you to know hunny I love your love the most ! 
is excited about the amazing weekend she is about to have ! today at work is gonna go sooooo slooooooooooow ! 
it was ok ....? and i love you !!! whats ur name again ? 
Yup .. pretty sure some people need to grow up .. 
I know I'm not perfect , but I don't live to be . Before you start pointing fingers make sure your hands are clean . 
I ask if you're alright when I already know the answer because I want you to tell the truth instead of lie and say I'm fine . Open up to me , its ok ... I'll be here . 
8 trips to the parts store later .. and um ... crossing fingers !!! 
tattoo time for this girl ! 
im glad its like a game ... and theres gotta be a winner ??? 
You might see her truck rollin out of the woods with a 10 point < PROPMALE > layed across the hood .... 
Judge me I don't care ... Point your fingers , thats fine . The only judgement I care about is the one that comes at the end . 
She likes deer stands , beer cans , baits her own hook when she fishes . 
I'll be fine ... I always am ... I always come out with the hope of being better than i was when I went in . 
I need a lover that won't drive me crazy ! Someone that knows the meaning of a Hey !, hit the hwy ! 
Movin out soon heck yes !!!! :D 
Hope it gives you hell ... ;) 
Super excited to move !!!! 
well hopefully tonight is as good as lastnight was .. after work that is ! 
You can't read my poker face .. you can try and fuck that shit up .. try and figure out what im about .. spread shit around about me .. giver nuts hunny ... but you ain't ever gonna figure it out . 
MOVING TODAY !!!!! :D 
the place is lookin pretty sweet not gonna lie ! 
And truth be told i miss you ... and truth be told IM LYIN !!!! ;) 
bartending at backwoods tonight with < PROPMALE > brown ! 
whoa baby what a week ! training season is over .. tooth is gettin fixed .. kill season starts .. put my two weeks in a cenex ... starting a new job .. and oh .. bow season on the 12th ... 
one more effin day !!! 
is in northfield ! 
2 down .. man i love this shit ! 
well it was a good bear season ... cant wait for coon season 
sittin at a bar on the inside 
My weekend off .. Time to go huntin baby ! 
them bucks are crazy ! 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes :D 
i wish you would come pick me up , take me out , fuck me up ! screw all my friends they're full of shit ... with a smile on your face then ya do it again 
less than a month .. i got this shit ! 
i wish i felt better .. i could be doin a lot of shit outside ! 
a little bit of sunshine a little bit of booze a little bit of me and a little bit of you a little bit country a little bit of blues a little slice of heaven and i little piece of you 
I'm not asking you to fix my problems I'm 22 I can do it myself .. I'm asking you just for this moment make me smile . 
Welcome to 2011 so far ... AMAZING ! 
round 2 and im goin in swingin ... i'll either end up on top or knocked on my ass 
bartending saturday night at capital .. come join the fun .. and listen to the band Trip Wire starting at 9 
beer pong tournament march 27 at capitol bar in shell lake , WI contact me for more information if interested !! :D 
worry about the things you can change try and forget about the things you cant .. your past makes you who you are but it doesn't control who you want to be . try to make the best of it .. 
i need a < PROPMALE > fork and some gasoline ... he wants a fight now hes got one ! 
what a wonderful day !!!! :D But i will miss the cool people . you know who you are ! 
so sick of the bullshit and the drama . but it still isn't gonna get me down .. i just wish people would stay out of things they know nothing about and stop worrying about things they have no control over . let it go ! be the better person . 
steak on the grill for easter fuck yeah !!! haha and then its to work at 6 ... anybody up for gettin wasted on easter ? 
although i may be better than you .. or have more class .. i still dont have the balls to make up shit about my boyfriend just to get rid of him .. dont use me as an excuse .. and if you are gonna pick someone to blame for sleepin with ur man .. you better pick someone a little more trashy than me .... 
I still believe there are many fish in the see but i seriously live in a lake full of minnows ... Atleast its raining 
i still beleive there are many fish in the sea .... but i seriously live in a lake full of minnows ... atleast its raining : ) 
State the obvious i didnt get my perfect fantasy . Oh well just lets me realise more of what im lookin for and the stupid kinda shit i dont need . And i aint settelin for anything less than everything 
darlin ... n babe ... hmmm how bout DRUNK ! 
Tell me anything you want to .. just dont tell me the truth ! 
you cant always get whatcha want .... but if you try sometimes you just might find you get whatcha need 
My milkshake brings all the boys to the bar ! 
So you gotta problem with what i decide to do with my life .. Good . I dont live to impress anyone I do what i want .. And im glad you dont like it .. Go get ur own life stop keepin track of mine . :D its a bright bright bright sunshiny day ! 
is sick of these lowlife , dead beat , lazy ass , game playin , cheatin boys fuckin up her program ! 
I got nothin but time baby just waitin for you to make ur move ... and i cant wait to see what you'll do . 
Had a wonderful weekend ! I love my friends :D 
So i was told that I need music to start playing when I walk into the bar and that the < PROPFIRST>'s Angels theme song would be appropriate . Well alright then 
Sure get pissed cuz ur husband or boyfriend is hangin out with the hot bartender .. Hunny i think the bottom of my foot is better lookin than ur face ... It doesnt exactly take much to be hotter than you are . 
Don't lie .. Don't ever lie . Even if you're voice has to shake and you know you were wrong . Don't lie . 
I could be mean , I could be angry ! You know I could be just like you ! I could be fake , I could be stupid ! You know I could be just like you .... You're wrong if you think that I'll be just like you . 
Got a smile that'll hold you together and a touch that'll tare you appart . when shes yours she brings the sunshine when shes gone the world goes dark 
is thinkin its really nice outside today .. and that we are supposed to get rain ... * cough*snow 
rock me mama like the wind and the rain oh mama rock me 
Tattoo at 1 ! Fuckin right baby ! 
push me far enough and see what happens . push me hard enough and see where you end up . push me and you wont like the animal i become . 
You've got to kick at little and cause a stir sometimes you got to make some noise to be heard if anybody ever tries to hold you back yeah you got to kick a little and be tough you got to let ' em know you've had enough remember that unless you want to finish last you've got to kick a little 
so ... woodbury gradge sales , river falls graduation and party for < PROPFEMALE > , then back to shell lake for a band ... and um work on sunday ? hello weekend ! 
wow shes the smartest person in the world .. next president i tell you what .... I NEED VOLLEYBALL AND BEER NOW ! :D 
had a good weekend ! and i get to go to texas next weekend ! with my best friend woohoo ! 
all i know is my friggin boots better come before i go to texas .. texas without cowboy boots would be a sad sad day .... 
so i lied .. my boots won't be shipped out til june somethin they are on a back order .. friggin stupid crap !! 
boy its a fact when they're made like that you aint never gonna sleep at night 
Its all about the he said she said bullshit ... you better quit lettin shit slip or you'll be leavin with a fat lip ... :D 
You may think you know me .. know what im all about but the thing is .. you dont . you wont even come close . Ya see i was raised by my daddy in the woods of wisconsin . He raised me right raised me proud . You come between any of that and me and ur gonna go down . You can try and tell me what im thinkin or why i act the way i do . But you aren't me you dont know me . I wont even let you come close . 
whats on my mind ? TEXAS !!!!!!! leavin firday wont be back til .. um not sure yet .. :D 
so this guy in texas says \have you seen all the trucks we have in this state\ " i said nope didnt really notice he continued to tell us that texas has the more trucks than any other state . So my friend and i said yeah .. but do you realise the size of texas compared to wisconsin . If we were bigger we'd be kickin ur ass . " 
i dont need you and i dont need him . i can stand alone on my own two feet . i just want a man who wants me to be myself 
welcome back to high school :D 
im not the kind to two time or play games behind your back .. im a little more country than that . ; ) 
You keep messin up and i'll keep prayin for you . ; ) 
you get angry and graphic and i hope you hit traffic ! 
Before i get goin i have to say there was a time when you used to shake it for me but now all you do is treat me cold cant take it no more gonna walk out the door lover , lover , lover , you dont treat me no good no more ! 
goin out with my boots on :D so glad i got them bad boys back .. fuck yeah ! 
well the weeks went by and spring turned to summer and summer faded into the fall and it turns out he was a missing person that nobody missed at all ; ) 
im gonna fuck shit up if i gotta cuz i've let people into my life i shouldnt , i've let people try and change who i am and i never shoulda let that happen . 
so you wanna be a baby ? i can read your face like a book 
why cant we be friends why cant we be friends blah blah blah blah blah ... SUCK IT ! 
wow that was about as rockin as a box of hammers and barbies ! 
Dez called her best friend < PROPFEMALE > said we're goin out tonight gonna < PROPMALE > the < PROPFEMALE > right outa the sky we're gonna drink boons farm like we were 17 again you cant say no as long as we've been friends . Good girls always walk the line . Good girls never let you see them cry . 
you had my heart now i want it back im startin to see everything you lack boy you blew you put me through it i wanna undo it .... you want my future you cant have it im still tryin to erase you from my past . 
Don't ya wanna dive on in yeah the water feels right . Dancin on the edge of love your a beautiful sight . So why you still standin there in the half < PROPFEMALE > light ? Come on baby give me a little more you . 
You're the one that plays the cards you're delt . You can check you can bet you can fold you can bluff but the game is life and the winner takes it all . 
fell in love but then threw up . 
wonders whats gonna happen next .. what ur next move is gonna be . doesn't matter it wont affect me . im done with the bullshit done with the games . and im lookin forward to bright and < PROPFEMALE > days ! 
whats up with all this rain ! i live on the lake i have a wonderful fire pit i'd like to be able to use it more than once a month if its not to much to ask . and possibly be able to mow my lawn when it isn't wet !!! wtf mother nature quit messin up my program ! 
You cant ride this gravy train anymore anyway theres a price for keepin me i might be cheap but i aint free . no more callin me baby no more lovin like crazy ! 
so apparently my truck doesn't belong to me it belongs to a < PROPFEMALE > diez .. or so the cop said when he came up to my window .... guess i dont look hispanic . 
BEAR SEASON FUCKERS ! this chicks ready to rock n roll ! 
stuffin money down my shirt sayin my clothes would look better on ur floor ... askin me how good you think my lips would look around your package ... isn't the way to make any of that happen with this chick .. think again . you lost this hand . better bluff a little better next time . oh and the line im not like every other guy ... ain't gonna work either cuz every guy uses that one ! 
tell em all im on vacation say i went to visit friends that you aint heard or seen from me in quite awhile when they ask you where i've been . tell em im out on the west coast where it dont ever rain that im probably doin fine . just dont tell em i've gone crazy . 
the first cut might be the deepest but the rest dont help either ! 
buildin some gun towers today ! better back the fuck up ! 
is protected by the good lord n a gun n you might need em both if you show up here not welcome son . 
you might think im trashy a little to hard core but in my neck of the woods im just the girl next door 
sure fuck with my heart .. it'll be the last time ur face looks that way . :D 
( FBOOK ) 
Its 2 late its 2 bad shes 2 far gone . he should have thought of that before he left her all alone . but she wont be lonely long ! 
lately im so tired of waiting for you to say that its ok . but tell me please , would you one time just let me be myself so i can shine my own light let me be myself . would you let me be myself . i'll never find my heart behind someone else . 
Ya gonna prove me right ? Ya gonna prove me wrong ? Either way prove somethin ! 
All these boys wont let me be lord have mercy on me ! 
I refuse to be something im not to attract boys that dont even treat me right . 
Why dont u kiss this n i dont mean on my < PROPFEMALE > red lips . ( : 
People are gonna treat u wrong . Somebodys gonna break ur heart . In the mean time try to learn a life of love . 
today I am a carpenter and a bartender :D 
Vacation time baby ! heck yes ! its much needed . drink some beer have a fire . party like ur from out of town ( ; 
Id rather be alone for the rest of my life then settle 4 the kind of boys ive had in my past . 
If u cant stand the way this place is take yourself 2 higher places ! 
The truth shall set u free . hope thats a true statment . and i also hope that lyin gets u in a hell of a lot of trouble 
Stand up for something in your life . It could make a difference . Just dont make up lies in the process ! 
You only have yourself 2 blame 4 playin all those stupid games ! 
All i got is a big broken heart and memories i cant drink away . 
Its not the breaths u take its the moments that take ur breath away . 
Through all the shit the drama the lies never give up hope ! 
people are gonna drag you into their mess . kick you when ur down and never plan on helpin you back up . so thats why you stick to what makes you happy not who . and you find those few people that'll drop everything to help you when you need it . and when you notice theres nobody around when ur sittin on ur ass . look to yourself . you know more about you than anyone . do what makes you happy . do it well and do it right ! 
im not ready to make nice im not ready to back down im mad as hell and im tired of goin round and round and round its to lake to make it right prolly wouldnt if i could 
All you'll ever have is only what you ever want so dream big , leave the bullshit , the cant be dones and the not pissibles behind and giver hell ! 
All you'll ever have is only what you ever want so dream big , leave the bullshit , the cant be dones , and the not possibles behind and giver hell ! 
On the way 2 eau < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out with my brother for his 21st ! this could be a ruff one ! 
not sure what the next step is here but im thinkin any forward motion of any kind should do the trick . 
Another day down this long road has left me far away from where i wanna go . just bring me back to where i belong . 
Broke my heart tore it apart look whos got the last laugh now . 
Say what you mean to say . 
Let it out ! These are the things you cant live without . Dont hold back make em understand what ur about and who you are . If u cant do that ur not worth it . 
5 cent tappers tonight at klopps 5-6 whos in ? i know i am ! 
Forget the past but remember what it taught you . 
I walk through the woods down by the river and nothing that we have created could ever feel so good . 
There is no promise that this life is easy . 
Im gonna come at you like a spider monkey . 
Its almost kill time :D ( bear season so no one gets confused ) 
A little bit thirsty a little bit used a little bit of whiskey ... wonder what happens next ... alcohol and ass ! 
Football ! 
And thats how we roll baby ! packers 1 grandpa favre 0 
I was born in a small town and i can breath in a small town . 
Well I know whats right I got just one life . In a world that keeps pushin me around I'm gonna stand my ground . 
Rule number 1 keep your arms and legs inside the boat . Rule number 2 have an awesome kick ass time ! 
These are my roots and this is what i love . 
i hope you remember this moment .. this day .. for the rest of your life and when you come upon a situation that resembles this day .. you decide to chose a different path than you previously chose . 
Packers 2 gray bush 0 another glorious day in wisconsin . 
You should always watch ur 6 no matter who you think you can trust . 
The hound gets into a porqupine the house dog gets into a skunk .... fuck it ! 
next friday come and i didnt get the rent n out the door i went . so i goes to the land lady says would ya let me slide .. i'll have the rent for ya tomorrow or the next i donno . 
Its the good advice that you just didn't take . 
If you feel you can't go on and all your hope is gone just reach out and i'll be there . 
Its alright if you love me .. its alright if you dont . I'm not affraid of you runnin away hunny .. Sometimes I hope that you would ! :D 
is it seriously that important to text me every single day for 3 weeks when the only time i text back was to ask whos number it was ... give it up ! 
you know your parents have smart dogs when they sit by the window and fight with eachother over the bugs that are on the outside . 
I'm country by birth and by choice so there is no use tryin to change me it is impossible . Kinda like you tryin to date me . 
I wish my heart would tell my mind to tell my mouth what to say . 
Wishes a few things were just a little bit easier .. But happy people dont have the best of everything .. they just make the best of whatever they have . 
Bow licence , check . Small game licence , check . 520 rounds of . 22 bullets , check ! ready to rock this shit when my arm feels better , double check ! 
Ud think wisconsin would be a good place to find a redneck < PROPMALE > .... yeah not so much 
I love the feeling of dead leaves crunching below my bare feet . 
what a beautiful day out ! wish i could be bow hunting ! 
i really wanna carve a pumpkin and watch scary movies . anyone wanna join ? 
I like it in my truck or in the box when im at my house . 
moose ... hmmmm tough kinda stringy all the qualities of wild game .... i am satisfied . 
You know i like you a lot . you gonna kiss me or not . youre about to lose your < PROPMALE > . i think you got a real good shot . 
i hope i feel better soon .. i wonder if i can get frequent apt < PROPMALE > so i can get a free doctors apt . sure have been there a lot over the past 2 weeks ! 
who wants to kick it in the sticks ? 
We < PROPFEMALE > out by the bonfire havin a dang good time . we crank it up we get loud we throw it down it'll be an all nighter we came to kick it in the sticks . 
Whatcha waitin for ? Kiss her already . Who cares whos watchin if ya dont hurry up someone is gonna do it ull miss ur < PROPMALE > . Ya arent the only one after her ! 
Stay away from another mans woman thats a good way to get a whoop down here these boys tuff round here . 
I may not be the most beautiful or the sexiest girl nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , BUT IM A GREAT CHOICE . I do not pretend to be someone I'm not because I'm good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things in my past , but I'm ... proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or watch me as I walk away ! Post if you're proud of being you !!! 
Hey mister tall dark and handsome cowboy man would you like to dance with me ? 
Done with your lies and now that my tears have dried you can see my brown eyes I look so good without you . 
Watchin westerns on the couch anyone wanna join me ? 
When push comes to shove you aint anywhere around . Thats alright though im used to kickin it solo . Kinda like it that way . 
I think its funny you tell me I've changed . I did . But its only cuz I stopped living my life the way you want me to . 
I tried but you failed ... 
You cant always get what you want . 
I dont need you to agree with my choices but i do need you to respect them . 
I gotta make you see theres no one else here no one like me . 
Its my dads birthday today and the Packers play the Vikings couldn't ask for a better Sunday . Well .... wish it was a little nicer outside butcha cant have it all . 
I think its funny on all the news feeds that Matthews is returning for tonights game .. Vikings fans are the first to post something .. And then they continue to say why is he playing hes just going to get hurt again .. or somethin along the lines of how GB will still come up with an excuse for not winning .. Well ya must be concerned if ya looked to see if the big boy was gonna play or not .......... 
Favre needs to put that gb jersey back on atleast then he'll be throwin to the right team . 
Is headed to the store to buy a box of klenex for all the Vikings fans I come across today . 
I want you to want ..... me .... wait whos writing this ? I want you to leave me alone . Yup that sounds better & hearts ; 
Well this should be interesting let the mud bowl begin come on shell lake whoop some ( facebook edit ) 
What do you want from me . What you see is what you get . It isnt gonna change any time soon . So either deal with it or get out of the way 
When is this weather gonna stop i got shit to do outside ! 
Dont know why i even try when I know how it ends . Its my life and I aint settelin for anything less than everything . 
The way the people in this world think I'm surprised we're still alive . 
Should be another good weekend . 
I done told you once i wont tell you twice I'm gonna move on . Now let me live my life ! 
There is always gonna be someone who will make you feel better about yourself . My goal for you today is to find that person . : ) 
Them boys don't know nothin about true love and life they think its all just fun and games . They treat old men like hands don't shake . What are we gonna do with them boys . 
hope its nice enough out that my clothes will dry on the line otherwise .. i'll have a huge problem soon 
And all this small town he said she said ain't it funny how rumors spread like I know something ya'll don’t know .. Man this shit is getting old . 
It used to be that I could never sleep durring the day now it seems I cant sleep when its dark either . Bed you used to be my friend what happened ! 
What can I say I've always been this way . 
Well tomorrow is gonna be a busy day ! 
Sometimes a girl cant be tamed she needs to find someone just as wild to join her in her adventure . 
Come on over drink my beer waste my time tell me lies i wont believe kick me to the ground and kiss me when ya get me down if ya think ill fall for that again . 
My life and what i decide to do with it is none of your business anymore . You made that decision . Deal with it . 
So apparently this is how it works for some people ... they want the person they like to think they are happy with someone else .. way to rock that shit ! FAIL 
I respect your opinions in life , your choices dont you think its about time you respect mine ! back the f -- k up b --- h ! 
I dont put up with crap and i watch my 6 if that pisses ya off and makes ya hate me too bad . 
You dont get another < PROPMALE > when its over its over . Do the things you want while you can . 
You go down on your knees decide you've had enough . You get mad you get strong whipe it off then you stand . 
Say what you mean to say dont sugar coat the truth . Dont pretend its somethin else you need when its 1 thing you're after . 
Good luck Wisconsin there arent enough deer for all of us ! 
Act like tomorrows 10 years away 
I < PROPFEMALE > memories around like souvenirs down in my pockets I should have let some go by now but I can't seem to drop it 
Gonna sit right here stay away from there . I'm gonna make pretend I just dont care . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . Come celebrate with me on Saturday at Klopps at 5pm . Free beer free food . (: 
Party like a rockstar ! Come to Klopps tonight free beer n food ! : ) 
Thank you everyone that came to my birthday party at klopps ! best birthday ive ever had ! : ) 
I may drink too much and play too loud by its my way of showin life it aint gonna push me around . 
Its not how hard ya hit . Its how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward . 
I throw on a pair of shades like I'm on vacation just spendin another day in paradise . This ain't Mexico its a small town . 
Sit tall in the saddle hold your head up high live like you aint afraid to die dont be scared just enjoy the ride . 
Put some feel good in my soul . 
When you see a deer you see < PROPFEMALE > and i see antlers up on the wall ... 
I use what I got take what I get give til I aint got nothin left then I give it some more . 
Stay right where you are I like it this way . Stay gone : ) 
Its never enough no matter what i say . 
It ain't me you're lookin for babe . 
Hes nice to look at but thats about all . 
What do you want from me ? You keep takin me back to where I've already been . 
She likes deer stands beer cans she baits her own hook when she fishes . 
If we spent just half the time caring for ourselves as we do trying to hate and ruin other peoples lives we'd sure be a hell of a lot happier ! maybe ya'll should give it a try . 
If you try sometimes ya just might find you get what you need . 
Country strong , hard to break and I wont stay down long . 
All this small town he said she said ain't it funny how rumors spread like I know somethin ya'll don't know MAN THIS SHIT IS GETTIN OLD ! Better mind your business watch your mouth before I have to knock your loud ass out ! Tired of talkin hell ya ain't listenin this old dirt road is what I've been missin ! 
You better hide your matches boy . 
Push me in a corner and I'll come out fightin . You may knock me down but I wont stay down long . 
Dear furnace , I'm gettin sick of goin outside at midnight to knock off the ice and frost from your intake pipe so you can warm up my house . FIX YOURSELF ! 
Reason #4 to not live in town ) The Crazies : old dude in his car drinkin beer with binoculars way to close to my house ! 
Dirt road in my old truck . Saw the water through the trees . And I said I hope you know how to swim . 
Don't you dare walk away thinkin you got the best of me ! 
You can call it whatever you want but its still gonna feel the same . You can paint that apple orange but its still gonna taste the same . 
Sometimes you gotta lose til you win . 
Yeah it's cold out but this is my confession ... There ain't no place cold enough to make you mine . And even when hell freezes over I'll be flyin high . Cuz I'm your ex girlfriend baby and my list is long . So why don't you just stop waistin your time . 
I wont ever change and i donno how to hide my stuborn will or my fightin side but you treat me right and ill love you like no one esle . 
And thats how bear hunting is done ! 
Cross that bridge in style and burn the bitch down . You'll have plenty of time to fuck shit up later . 
Drink to celebrate drink to forget drink to remember drink cuz of regret whatever your reason meet me at Klopps in 5 minutes : ) 
Here come < PROPMALE > Matthews , AJ Hawk beside him . They got crazy eyeballs don't look to inviting . 
Dear furnace , thank you for fixing yourself tonight i appreciate it . Dear roof , if you would fix yourself and not start leaking at 3 in the moring I'd be happy 
Waitin for July ! 
Every once in awhile something happens that makes everything you went through before seem easier than you remember . 
I just want someone to want me enough not to let anyone else have me . 
Gonna play the cards I'm delt gonna do the best I can . Sometimes I'll fail and sometimes I'll cry but you gotta pick up what is left and move on . It's just the story of my life . Too young to know this much but I'm strong from gettin back up after gettin knocked down time and time again . 
3 kill tags ! I got the feaver bring on July ! 
Cuz I like it , cuz I want to , cuz i felt like it , cuz i can . If ya need a better reason ya better ask someone else . 
FALL 2011 please hurry . I know i have quite awhile to wait but I can't take it anymore . I wanna hear the dogs sing and let the arrows fly ! 
G-FORCE ! 
Yeah baby our boys are bringin the title back to the promise land ! GO PACK !!! 
celebrating the superbowl might be a good idea tonight 
Take a walk with me we can talk about where we've been Maybe help eachother understand Cuz when were walkin together it aint urs or mine were in this together . 
The things you can't measure are usually what give people the most success ! ~ Aaron Rodgers 
I expect honesty . I expect the truth and I expect people to tell me what they want without lies or false statements . 
If i have to go outside n fix my furnace tonight im gonna cry ! 
I'm 99.9% sure I've never been here before . 
It's not even March yet ... We're EFFED ! 
Comercials piss me off .. wtf would you wanna watch a movie at the beach . ya dont go to the beach to watch a movie if ya wanna watch a movie STAY HOME ! 
You can't control the things that happen to you . You can only control the way you react to them . 
Its not how fast its not how far its not about the game its not about the score its not how much we have its about who we are . 
No more walkin sideways . No more tryin to figure out where I've been . I know where I wanna go . It's time for my life to begin . 
Nobody gets out alive so you better have fun n do whatcha want while ur here . If someone doesn't like it thats not your problem . 
If you knew you only had 24 hours left what would you do ? Would you tell everyone and cry or would you spend the time you had left the best you could ? 
I've got better things to do . 
Through it all you've brought out the best in me . 
Damn it feels good to be me . I'll be alright I got it all figured out I got no worries I'm worried about . 
Friday night + Wisconsin = Klopps . Damn I'm good at math ! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( in honor of our military wherever they may be ) -let's see who gets it and follows the instructions 
\If I knew I'd be at the hospital\ " - < PROPFIRST > Klopp " 
Anyone have a hot tub I can use drunken kickball was a bad idea . 
Not gonna try unless they start tryin back . 
This is the kinda snow i like ! Shit melts right away ! 
Quote for the day : \She smiles when she talks and she has morals . That means she's too good for me . She's a happy girl . \"" 
Don't get mad . Once you're mad they've already won . With anger comes control . 
I feel like a 40 year old in a 23 year old body tryin to date boys that are 12 . Grow up ! 
Leave no doubt about who you are there is no < PROPFEMALE > in falling short ! 
You need to start coming with manuals , referance letters , and a warranty ! So when ur fucked up we can just send ya back ! 
Sometime in our lives we all have pain we all have sorrow but if we r wise we know that there's always tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > on me when ur not strong ill be ur friend . 
Don't walk im somone elses foot steps make your own . You know what you want it's your life . Make it yours ! 
Don't piss down my back and tell me its rainin ! 
Dont < PROPMALE > me unless ya wanna catch me dont catch me unless you wanna fall dont fall unless you can stand back up n dont stand up unless ur a man . 
I ain't the kind ya take home to mama and somehow I always get stronger on my second drink . 
Being tough doesn't mean shit don't hurt .. It means you can get through the shit thats about to break you . 
Bring on the sunshine bring on the good times ! 
Its what you do and what you say that makes you who you are . Cut me down take my pride I'm only 1 voice and u aint takin that from me . 
Just wake me up when the snow is gone . 
Blueberry 
Blueberry/Strawberry 
All I'm askin is that you prove to me you deserve the best of me . You've chased me this far . Is this where it ends ? Is this where you give up ? 
Prayin for rain and lows in the 40's! 
Don't bring me those big brown eyes and tell me you're sorry . You mise well pour gasoline on a fire ! 
Ain't nothin gonna break my stride . Nobody's gonna slow me down . 
Whats the point it playin the game if all ur gonna do is cheat ? why cheat if all ur gonna do is lie ? why lie when the truth sounds better anyway ? 
You better get ur crotch outa the sand pit ! 
Yup , I'm goin back to bed ..... It's snowin . ) : 
Just another Monday in paradise ! 
