I DEMAND SOMETHING NEW AND SPURRATIC HAPPENS ! 

i think 95% of the people one will ever meet are psychopaths . 
ladies and gentlemen , for your safety , please fear into passive beings - funk buddha 
i have a rancid fukin eye infection 
im tha mutha fukin < PROPMALE > like edipus 
broke my phone in tha rain 
the best things in life are the things i kick your ass and take ! 
Die baby ! -me You die you die you die ! - < PROPMALE > 
burning 
building 
all u kiddes need to come to airicks liberation day thing ... i may be reading at it . call airick fo details or me or watev 
sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu , sei shi ich ryu . 
pimps dont commit suicide 
feels good for some reason !... or non reason ...... wat tha fuk < PROPFEMALE > 
i think i got botulism .... or a phobia of botulism 
sei shi ichi ryo 
Our planet is facing the greatest problems its ever faced , ever , so whatever you do don't be bored , this is absolutely the most exciting time we could have possibly hoped to be alive , and things are just starting 
getting the hell out of this hospital 
hella tired of stupid and or worthless humans 
dropped phone in a drugged stupor last night .. and it seems pretty broken . b home 2maro morning 
should be able to move around and enjoy life and shit in like ... 5 days 
forgot my phone charger .... again ..... so my phones gunna b off fo a bit :D ... again 
explosions and pills 
when it rains .... it rains acid 
was up til 3 am slappin drunk ppl in < PROPFIRST > .. fun . 
time and time again we fall into the depths of who we are you cant keep runnin away from what your tryin to find 
i am going to have a lucid dream within one week 
pain and regret induce evolution 
forgot how releaving it was to have a social life ! 
you wont be laughing 
is bein hunted by tha grim reaper XD .... seriously .... 
dam good night ...... 
bumping new eyedea & abilites ... alls im sayin is ..... spartan artisans 
nuthin fucks up your mood like going to first friday instead of an E&A concert .. :D 
is giving tha dog a bath ... and bumpin powerman ... 
fell asleep with the tv on and had a dream that pigeotto killed pikachu 
bumppin akir and techniques mix tape !!! effin illmatic orgasmic ! then maybe parkour on tha plaza with < PROPMALE > . 
school starts soon ... i should probably attempt to do some of this ap summer shizz ..... but im skeptical i will 
mmmm .... wish i could sleep for like 8 days at a time 
chillin wit tha banks bros .... tha little skank hoes .... 
had a good summer ... thanks for enjoying the absurd with me .... but back to school tomorrow ............ which means various fights with self righteous teachers :D 
in a dream this morning ... 
it seems people are drowning in a stream of negative energy 
enter the < PROPFEMALE > gate initial perception quick as my heart rate this dark fate planet earth orbits one < PROPFEMALE > come from a far far away state of mind , open up your third eye black helicopters in the sky 
sublime and 311 are now two of my favorite bands ... almost as good as god is an astronaut ... now lets go read p&p 
picture the world and imagine its yours kid . 
lifes a beautiful piece of shit ... but then .... beauty is in the eye of the beerholder ... 
have you ever looked through an old note book .. found some thing you dont remember writing ... and realized it exactly describes recent turns in your life 
is according to a certain individual \only attracted to emotionally abusive bitches with sob stories\ " LMAO ! im sorry ... thats just the quote of the year .... sigh .... im complete now . " 
is starving to cruise 
loves jesus , peyote , and the music imma put on this ipod im about to get 
FUCK APPLE ! 
gold tarnished !! 
may be sick .... but is making flaun 
pimpin out tha ipod wit punk rock and hiphop 
some days ya just sigh till ya die 
loves < PROPFEMALE > west ! havent talked to her in forever ..... :D 
if you ignore the fact that it sucks ... life is good 
mmmmmmmmmm ................. camus and tolstoy 
moster waitin to stomp your face in apon confrentation !!!! 
gods suicide note , abortion and kiterunner are on my mind ... and music 
canibus .... is a lyrical demiruge 
cant stop listening to chronic future ... shell shocked ! 
if some one would be kind enough to call my phone a few times ... i havent seen it in a long time and need to make important calls ... ( 913)638-0037 
may be going blind or sumthing 
listening to hip hop restores eye sight ! i sware ! 
Facebook free styles wit < PROPMALE > !!!! 
i have been quite prone to hair loss and sickness lately ..... i dono wats wrong !!! XD 
< PROPFIRST > .... is an oasis of engagement in kansas ... f op :D 
love is the most beautiful form of despair 
been hatin you for while , been hating you for a while , been hatin u for a while , im sorry for all of it , im sorry for all of it , im sorry for all of it :D 
let there be arson 
not enough hours in the day once you look at what school took away 
got everything to paint with ... but something to raise my canvas XD 
ahhh man .... listenin to qwel and < PROPMALE > killagain . i love alt . hiphop 
is in love right now 
the problem of conciousness ... drives in your brain like a screw 
just successfully downloaded viruses onto his computer ! 
http://spreadsheets.google.com/viewform?formkey=dEV1Uld0XzltQVZ6cVFFWUdGSUFCamc6MA .. 
now you got me mo evil killin mo people and feelin mo leathal 
was sick again .. its all bout that livity an ki an energy XD 
why is it every weekend , you either have absolutely nothing to do , or you have to choose between like 6 different things 
appearantly drawing is a skill you can lose over a few monthes :( 
dang it .... i just wrote an amasing really long flow about religious suicide .... but the internet got < PROPFEMALE > plugged so when i tried to publish it it got lost ..... it blew away everything i wrote in a long time ...... KKKKKAAAAAAA ! 
a cold day in hell i feel good , at least as good as real feels if real even feels good 
ok .. so i dont hate the beatles anymore ... 
< PROPFEMALE > in the sky , pj's , horchata and either rumi or tolstoy is wats on my mind ! 
dark room . soft bed . massive attack . GO !!! 
im in love with the people in my life . distant or not 
FUCK ITUNES ! AND FUCK GOVERNMENT CLASS ! 
samurai pizza cats hoooooooooooooooo ! 
made cheesy eggs with avacado and tomato for breakfast ! and home made apple juice ! no need for concentrate !!! 
feet wont stop vibrating in turns ..... i think some flautas would help this ailment 
i live dangerously .... runnin with scissors and all that 
poetry poetry poetry poetry poetry poet larriete infinity now you now its me 
so appearantly you can use ipods to use library computers without logging on 
indigo died last night ! had that cat my whole life . 
eyes burn ... hate those days where u gatta read all day ... 
distresssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss 
just had a long conversation with a guy on the side of the road about aliens , bebop , alchohol and spirit/god/energy ..... i thought he was gunna stab me lol i never meet any like ... jesus type hobos ... alwas either the recluses or the ..... out there ones 
my snake that i found half dead a bit ago died .... and i freestyled at its eulugy yesterday . it was tight 
man ... i dont even know ..... i should have wrote those < PROPMALE > papers for unitown .... guess ill do it now .... 
they say im < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , unbreakable die hard !!!! 
fuuukkkk ! i need a computer i can do this project on !! due tomorrow !!! 
it was so good to catch up with the brethren .... and i lost my phone in lees summit .... YEAH ! 
knuckles and music go long way 
does anyone else feel like a nice relaxing evening of arson ? 
now that it has been repetedly pointed out to me that i have become excessively skinny .... im goint to return to a diet of parkour , sit ups and swingin swords !! 
when you dont play by the rules , the day turns black and blue , i guess you got some things to do , ill remember you 
people suck . 
free will sucks . 
< PROPFIRST > jones after listening to Dance With The Devil by Immortal Technique \i feel bad that im not crying right now \"" 
GOING TO SEE NEW < PROPFEMALE > !! lol 
even my dreams are calling me lazy nowadays XD 
i do what i know is right , you make it so hard to try 
feel ill .... listen to the cranberries , make ramen noodles , lay in bed for the next 6-8 days 
so i broke yet ANOTHER pair of headphones ... im going to cope emotionally by downloading a snes emulator ! 
today ... i stabbed a 3 year old , and realized , i have lived my last days as a respectable human 
learning drums from 8th graders boosts your self esteem !!! 
my eyes wider than a child that just was born , am i a poet or a prophet or a stone to build upon 
so ... ive been writing poems and songs in my dreams ... but i cant recall them .... which sucks .... how tight would that be though , a whole new genre of lyricism 
watching freakazoid .. then going to first friday ... 
you can hold thorns and grow cold from scorn ... or < PROPFEMALE > happee ! 
if your ever in a bad mood , talk to < PROPFEMALE > young ! 
ANOTHER PAIR OF HEAD PHONES BROKE !!!!!!!! thats like the 7th pair .... 
the rumors are true ... my knucles are decrept from beating my gay lover :P 
fffffffffffffffffffffffffrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiieeeeeeeddddddddddddddddddddd 
look inside your self and tell me what you see , if you see a hungry vato then your lookin at me . 
its always good to know whose got you 
when it all boils down theres nothing but bones left 
scratch one ipod .... i got a pair of headphones though ! 
scrach 2 ipods ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is an idiot . 
is about to chug a handle .... OF CHOCO MILK ! 
heroine and arson . and hardcore punk . but alas , i have to go do my homework instead . then lay in bed till i pass out . 
love the people im your life and you will be in love with life 
is this a dream or time travel i ponder on the couch - cage 
had the oddest voluteer day ... 
hates it when a good dream ggoes wrong and your left dead wake 
one last < PROPMALE > to turn your rough drafts to sand storms 
sleep . then get the hell out of < PROPMALE > county , thats what i want 
i hate EVERYONE with a pokemon for their picture 
one last < PROPMALE > to transform your rough drafts to sand storms 
walks in the snow , its nice to lay lethargic in the cold air . 
writing makes you the most non chalant kid in the world ... its kinda inconvient 
appearantly going to the mall is a required family activity . and actual hollidays dont count twards this holiday family time quota ... yes ! ... 
hate is a core emotion 
is BUYING music !! im proud of my self ! 
is going to mo .... back in a few days :P 
back in kansas . i dont even know what to make for that 
feelin pretty optomised ... 
even the sun goes down , heroes eventually die , horoscopes often lie , and some times why , nothing last for eve , r nothing is for certain , but until they close the curtain , its him and I , aquemini 
god is just a child . now cry . 
on an island in the sun , well be playing havin fun 
IS PUTTIN IN NOTES WITH < PROPFIRST > ! IM MUSICAL SUKKAZ ! 
why's the sea blue ? why's blood red ? look at em like there see through , but theyll look at you like loves dead 
people in the city get , they treat you like an idiot , try to hate us , try to play us , make it contageous , make it outrageous 
the two hyper nephews are over ... 
so some how ... IM IN < PROPFIRST > WIT THA BOYZ ! 
had alot of floor time with some of the most wretched creatures of this planet this weekend ! 
i hate that if you act based on the assuption that your feelings matter . people will ALWAYS say you overreact . 
certain lines get stuck in your mind \desperate to be happy but something stalled her heart\ " next will be \ " dont know how she made it but shes amazed that she did \"" 
kickin it with the lenexa kids 
times are changing 
just spent two hours trying to make a effin pot 
bumpin east coast hiphop , goin urbexing , boys are writing love poems , todays gatta be good 
is gunna go out at 4 am , with one of the coolest guys in kansas , and cause ruckus , for a school assignment ! 
kickin it wit malllllllll !!!! 
going to see my teacher and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > tomorrow . so yeah . my friday beats yours 
does anyone know how to register a sim , cas i got one , and i got a phone .. but it wont work 
i love mr. lif 
i love akrobatik 
your nobody till somebody kills you 
were already dead 
look into my eyes and see two worlds colliding - mr lif 
wand and magic , automatic , gun tragic , let em have it , the savage , kill the bastard , you have entered , gods cavern , bad habbits , now panic cas heaven is still coming - grayskul 
see the light in the luminous paradigm that became more apparent with time , all I had to do was follow the signs to be a better man , I need help I just gotta find a link between my inner deity and myself - canibus 
You ain't a prisoner , the world got mo ' to it , Sky's the limit , it don't take but a minute , Just , picture the planet and imagine it's yours kid , Don't ever let nobody knock you outta your orbit -Black Thought 
stoic 
around here we only bump fela kuti ! 
Quinten doty is the coolest kid i know ever and that is final !!!! 
how can we be broke when the city owes us sleep 
wandering the streets with destructive bad habbits 
i got two middle fingers for school today 
its almost parkour season ... all u kiddies get ready 
ive been through the ups and downs so i know the ins and outs - sleep 
when i grew up , this is what i became , from a little city with , nobody to blame , 
a good girl will make you wanna be a great guy 
did you spell my name right on your silver bullet 
FUCK DEBT COLLECTION AGENCIES , FUCK HOSPITALS ! 
grounded .... reminds me of back in the day 
each day you wake up a different human 
im pissed ... i wanna listen to P.O.R.N. but cas of the name ... ill never find him on the internet ! 
who would of though that having stupid thoughts you contemplated , would convolude what was constituded as complicated perminately fadded 
why does nothing work 
word is bond 
hXc !!!!! 
he who creates justice is ever more wretched than he who suffers it 
this baby keeps crying for no reason 
the old lady next door is dead .... i wonder how long is was before she was discovered ... 
feeling fresh 
angeeeeerrrrrr 
just threw up a peanut butter jelly sadwich and milk ... through my nose 
with the birds i share this lonely view 
im feelin love 
got the wretched of the earth ... but probably wont read a good book until schools out 
why do thorns have roses 
im bad man , i catch bullets in my mollers , body slam boas , and take flight with the weight of the world on my shoulders - blueprint 
live by the pen , die by the zeitgeist 
contact me if you want to apply for a counselor for yli ( summer version of unitown ) 
brave new world still behind steel bars 
is probably having his identity stolen ashe sleeps ... oh well 
skies the limit dont take but a minute , you aint a prisoner the worlds got more to it , aint no thing vato my hoods yo hood - black thought 
when did stuff become so serious ... probably while i was delirious 
lifes a race , ill always be late and breath hate with a deep fate who can relate , the punk you berate is a cheep skate , lifes a game , stop , whats my name 
since i need a job . as of friday may 14th im starting a contract killing business .... please contact me with any offers ... 25,000 a head . will do anyone . 
had a dream the school district tried to take my diploma back . 
its scarry when things come together , other things may fall apart 
yli apps ! fill em out kiddies ! 
Inorganic < PROPFIRST > on back . trim the panic flat on backer . \ 
\ 
Back to back like Mad Hatter magic rabid mastiff collaborative splatter bachelor fabric fatter with Cabbage Patch lit . - Aesop rock 
now just to be accurate label me immaculate - silla ( binary < PROPFEMALE > ) 
work sucks ... but a lil paper never hurt anyone .. other than drug addicts ... 
memories keep on slipping a long way away from where they used to stay 
will buy a bongo ! 
my girl ... is basically .... a babe ... so it sucks your not me 
for national man day ... im chillin after changing oil and tires an shizz all day . and im helping my dad buy a gun . uhh son uhhhh 
were in a constant conflict confidence against incompetence trying to grasp the context of lifes concepts 
FINAL ROOTS ALBUM COMING OUT IN TWO DAYS ! HOW I GOT OVER ! ill will bestow it the honor of being the 4th album ive ever payed for ( after ratm , deadprez , and catpower ) .. i suspect ill be having wet dreams the next few nights . 
burn banks . burn state property . burn corporate property . 
eclipse solar lunar , ill see you soon but ill talk to you sooner 
revolutionary volume 3 needs to come out already 
man im just so disconnected 
GOING CAMPING !!!!!!! DUECES CHICAS 
I'm in a chess match , I'm in a death trap\ 
I'm tryna find out where the eggs in the nest at\ 
I want blood when the sky turns jet black\ 
No love and the world cant correct that\ 
No peace , no sleep , no love for a young beast\ 
There ain't no hell like the hell I raise\ 
I'd die in the bed I made ' fore I lay with a love I loathe\ 
I'm a snake in the garden of bones\ 
I'm a loner in a world of clones -porn 
dont tell me you dont know what you see when your looking at a mother lover just like me 
my girl is the shit . 
i hate your toe . 
decayed 
bumping canibus , todays gatta be a good day with < PROPMALE > on the mic 
some times when you see people react to all the hate in the world . you see the beauty of the world ... 
GOING ON A DATE WITH < PROPFEMALE > FENN ! WATS UP NOW ! U DIDNT KNOW IM BIG TIME LIKE THAT HUH !!! WISH U WERE ME !!!! BUT YOUR NOT ! CRY IN THE FILTH OF THE REALITY THAT IM DATING < PROPFEMALE > FENN AND YOUR STUCK AT HOME WATCHING SOUTHPARK ! 
this is the sound of the wasted republic 
smolder 
imma drink a whole bottle of ashes and dream something with meaning for the masses 
can you say , brunch at you say tomato ? 
shreds 
3 humans one waddiff . 16 nipples . 
i think theres an important line to draw . 
dead from the neck up 
hot jacuzzies watching movies glocks and uzis 
i wish everytime was bed time 
every day we obey , and thorow our dreams away 
is on fire . 
going camping in a hour ... still need to pack clothes ... idk y i just cant go naked ... all i need is a kabar and a zippo and im good in the barren wilderness for like 20 days .. killing and eating like rabbid racoons and rabbits and shit . staying warm by climing inside freshly fallen bears and dears at night 
finally actually looking for a car ... 
they say you cant teach an old dog new tricks .. then whys it take one capitalistic hick to turn father time into a b**ch . 
\you strangled me when i was a kid ! \ " - my 3 year old brother " 
half smooth criminal and half straight bastard 
black < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > nyc r-o-c-k-i-n-g sun and the < PROPFEMALE > , earth stars an planets , before its doen they gunna all understand it 
one of 7 billion feed me the dust . 
learning to drive a stick on the streets at night in the rain ... sucks . 
success aint only based on self esteem it takes a sense to differentiate between whats yours and someone elses dreams\ 
- Eyedea 
eff you with new yorks two middle fingers 
can you pay the price to be gratified in a society this stratified 
my carotid artery's a suppository 
its probably not a good idea to speed through lenexa at 2 am blasting hedpe . but its nice . 
Sometimes I want to just copy someone else's status word for word just to see if they would notice . 
brothers killed < PROPMALE > hoover killed < PROPFIRST > the whiteman killed medga and < PROPMALE > fullerton killed marley . 
what things cant a walk fix 
evanescent incessant agression 
quit my job ... so anyone who once knew a boy named < PROPFIRST > payne starting 0ctober 1st hes officially alive again 
if you dont wanna fight me your nothing like me 
give me all your pills !!! 
is pregnant with quadruplets 
resist the structure 
< PROPFEMALE > and the machine sold out . RIP . ( nikkis band not mine , so i dont care ) 
reportedly looks like < PROPMALE > harper , < PROPMALE > kravitz , jimi hendrix , and < PROPMALE > , guess that makes me a musical genius . 
is now unemployed . fuck < PROPFEMALE > . 
is now selling semean on the black market ... if u want a lil < PROPFIRST > hit me up . 
going to st < PROPFIRST > con la fennster back monday ... god save the < PROPFEMALE > 
my stomach has been eating me these past few days ... probably not good 
if your short and your asian clap your hands 
its good to not be at work or at school ... still busy though 
be kind for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle - plato 
I WANT MY PASSPORT !!!! 
engulfed in the inner rims of patterns 
i curse the universe 
with internet consumer society as my witness ... i am SPLENDID with < PROPFEMALE > fenn 
even the american flag says made in < PROPFEMALE > , the national debt index says americas a vagina 
< PROPFEMALE > fenn has cold toesies 
HARDCORE PARKOUR 
poetry poetry poetry poetry poetry poetry all that consoles and holds me expounds and grounds me my souls ground keep keep writing that good fight till your the god of war 
what the fuck ... one of my favorite rappers died . RIP eyedea 
i met QWEL . basically life is G 
< PROPMALE > county . sukku meh kok . 
life in a brush stroke can make you frustrated you lust hope but you trust hatred 
