is PUMPED to spend New Year's with Ju-bug !!! 

who is going to say \Twenty-ten\ " instead of \ " Two thousand ten ? \"" 
GGGGOOOOOO GGAATTTTTTOOOOORRRRRSSSSS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is going to see a very good friend GET MARRIED tomorrow !!! SO EXCITED ! 
meh-eh , buh-doom-buh-doom , definitely 3 minutes to Wapner , she's sparkly ... she looks like a holiday , oh-gey , oh whittle baby matchbox , staying up too late and then not being able to go to sleep at a normal time without waking up at a crazy time ........ 
is watching the light show ... crazy weather ! 
loves four-hour naps . 
wants something fun to do tonight . 
yay tickets ! 
so many options !! what to choose !! 
is wasting the day away and is loving every second .. days off are < PROPFEMALE > 
is SO EXCITED for this school year with Ju-bug ! 
to watch another movie or to not watch another movie , that is the question . 
happy 4th ! 
thought the memorial service for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was beautiful ... little teary . 
wishes she had something to do . 
can't wait to see her roommates tomorrow ( possibly one tonight ! ) . 
had a blast with the roomies ... Harry Potter was amazing ... Kum & Go , Git & Go ! Everyone's a muffin ... How do you milk a toe ?... A very big stuff ... meh-eh . 
work = crazy . lacking sleep . adrenaline keeping me up =\\ . LAME . 
naps ... wonderful . 
can't wait for her vaca ! shopping is awesome . 
is nervous for the Praxis test ... more nervous at getting lost and not finding the correct room to take it in . =\\ 
YAY work . YAY praxis test . YAY best friend . YAY everyone ! i'm tired ... 
is finally in GA . It's good to be back ! 
misses GA but is glad to be visiting her wonderful grandparents ! 
well , I'm home , rested , and ready for a busy week ! School starts soon and I'm really excited . 
forgot what classes she was going to take ... help me fellow MuEd majors !! 
hmph . 
small lil vaca ... can't wait to see all you NWC'ers!!! 
is all fired up from a good phone convo ! can't wait to move in tomorrow ! 
finally has internet !!! HURRAAAYYYY !!!! 
is so sorry < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Shaylee , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > !!! 
is ready for a great year in choir with the coolest leaders ever ... and of course , all the awesome members ! 
workin ' at the < PROPFEMALE > Center ! Come visit me please ! 
mm tea . 
hm , well , motivation ... gone . thanks a lot roommate ... 
GO GATORS !!! KILL THEM VOLS ! 
loves today . 
this year ... I mean , this DAY has been SO LONG ! 
is sleep-happy ... i feel like makin ' blurble noises with my finger and lips ... blurbleblurbleblurble . 
It is Friday-an immeasurably pleasing fact . 
is on puppy chow overload ... not . good . < PROPFEMALE > , if you are reading this , GO TO SLEEP ! 
Where have you been , oh Iced Sweet Tea ? Do not you know , how much I've missed thee ? 
blurbleblurbleblurble .... 
mmm ... movies and homework . surpringly productive :) 
i have a 21-year-old roommate . she's awesome . 
is having some tea and a biscuit this morning ... I feel Bri-ish . 
I'm SIiiiingin in the rain ... just SIIIngin in the RAIN ! 
Sonnet 29 ... beautiful . 
Gator . Game . Tonight . 7pm . Going . to . be . CRAZY ! 
Ok . It's ok . Second Half . Let's bring it ! GOOOOOOOOO GATORS !!!!!!!!!! 
YAY . 
is going crazy . i am literally .. flipping . out . 
Take THAT , stupid , hypothetical case study !!! 
is in the dorm all by her lonesome . Conference tomorrow morning .. then home sweet home ! 
GO GATORS ! I just took a three hour nap , yes at 6 o'clock , and it was AWESOME ! and i don't care , cuz i'll probably sleep all night tonight anyway !! 
Happiness , feels a lot like sorrow . Let it be , you can't make it come or go . 
ok , catchy song = Fireflies by Owl City . 
is thinkin this break is going by a little TOO fast . 
Let's go Angels ! 
is back to the grindstone ! 
loves sitting , and reading , and drinking a hot cocoa , and listening to good music ( very softly ) in the background , and loves loves loves < PROPFEMALE > . 
GOOOOOOOOOOOOO GATORS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
You know it's a good day when your LB jogs into the endzone for a touchdown . GO GATORS ! 
' s head is going to explode ... TOO . MUCH . INFORMATION . 
take THAT ! music history test ! ON TO THE NEXT !!! 
' Twas much , that man was made like God before , But , that God should be made like man , much more 
Remember , remember the fifth of November , the gunpowder treason and plot . I know of no reason why the gunpowder treason should ever be forgot . 
A revolution without dancing is not one worth having -- V 
is in a WEIRD mood . Long two days . WOW NUTSO ! chillin ' 
mmm Nickel Creek . 
loves Google . SO cute ! 
misses Dor Dor and wishes she could have holiday tea with her ! ** I could siiing ... I could siing ... I could siing , when your love comes doooowwwwnn ** 
< PROPMALE > supposes his toses are roses ... but < PROPMALE > supposes erroneously ... < PROPMALE > he knowses his toses aren't roses ... as < PROPMALE > supposes his toses to be . 
would like a young troubadour to come sing her a canso to teach me about the code of love ( Gaunt 43 ) ... yes , I just cited a source in my status ( MLA style ! ) . 
began writing a music history paper at 9:30 am , and yadda yadda yadda , is still writing a music history paper at 8:30 pm . 
... and yadda yadda yadda , is still working a music history paper . 
well , so much for handing in a great rough draft ... stupid footnotes . 
cannot express how happy she is about being home , by the fire , listening to < PROPMALE > G , with the Buglet , and learning about Lamentations . 
saw meteors falling tonight .. I love your work , God . 
take THAT .. day . Hmph . 
Top . Gun . Nuff . Said . 
\I'm bringing him in closer .. \ " ( referring to a mig . ) \ " You're gonna do WHAT ?! \ " hahaha " 
well , good morning Saturday . A day to catch up on sleep . A day to do homework . A day to watch football . Me likey . 
is sitting next to < PROPFEMALE>'s feet and doesn't know how she feels about that . 
hey mister tambourine man , play a song for me . Sunday naps . < PROPFEMALE > . Coffee . 
is twenty-one . Yes . Celebrated first by reading < PROPFEMALE > . 
loves the beautiful roses her mom gave her ! I love you , Mom ! 
is so blessed to have wonderful friends and beautiful flowers to surround her on her birthday ! Thank you for all the birthday wishes !! 
Hello , Snow . Welcome back . 
well , we pretty much need to get our act together ... GO GATORS !!! 
' s body is tuckered out . Time to do homework and rest . Awesome job , everyone involved with C @NW !!! 
just literally balled over < PROPFEMALE > of Green Gables . Thank you , God , for tears . 
wishes she had a river she could skate away on . 
Hmph . Music History Essays . 
is song bingeing ... thank you , urban dictionary , for giving me that word to use in my life . 
there are no words . 
it's sad and it's sweet and I knew it complete , when I wore a younger man's clothes ... :) 
\The Lord will fight for you ; you need only to be still . \"" 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Gully . hehe . BATTY !!!!! 
Music History Final study , Unit Plan , eFolio , Song/Aria Research , and Instructional Foundations Lab . Lord , help me . 
is going to bed . Finally . * content sigh * 
can we say one of the sweetest movies ever -- The Christmas Shoes -- ? Ahhh , the luxury of balling over a movie . 
Snow , anyone ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
has now watched the three versions of the You've Got Mail story : The Shop Around the Corner , In the Good Ol ' Summertime , and You've Got Mail . Just . Lovely . 
Happy New Year , everyone ! 
is off to First Baptist Church Duluth tomorrow ! exCITING ! 
had a fun time with Lahwen and is back to read some Tolstoy . 
is enjoying her day in period novels and movies . 
loves all the GA statuses having to do with snow ... it's like Christmas songs all over again ! 
AH AH AH !!!!!! 
is happy to have a day to rest and to try to shake this cold . 
just experienced the coolest thing ever ! The MNOrchestra playing The Wizard of Oz while the movie was going .... they WERE the soundtrack . It was completely awesome . 
going to the doc to experience the Nebs again . 
got an inhaler and steroids today ... Don't get sick , y'all . It just leads to trouble . 
is very satisfied to be full of sushi . Yay for ooSAKaaaaaaaa ! Thank you for a wonderful birthday dinner , ladies ! 
GOOOOO VIKINGS !!! 
TWO HANDS , AP ! Yay , < PROPMALE > !!!! 
Ok , so here it is : the announcers suck , the refs are calling nothing but personal fouls ignoring P . I . ' s , AP is a one-hand-on-the-ball screw up , and favre is in pain . Lovely . 
AHHHHH !!!!!!!! Looking for a paper bag .... this is so intense !!! 
Great game , Favre . Next year , Vikes ! 
is not going to do anything tonight . Long day . 
Yankee DOOdle went to town .. riding on a POny ! ~ greatest scene ever from < PROPFIRST > Bartlet . 
\What's needed is a body ! \ " ~ < PROPMALE > Christian < PROPMALE > . What have I to do ? Homework . " 
“We think that Paradise and Calvary , Christ’s Cross and Adam’s tree , stood in one place ; Look Lord , and find both Adams met in me ; As the first Adam’s sweat surrounds my face , May the last Adam’s blood my soul embrace . ” 
Time is so still ... it weighs ~ Wit . 
is a maja ' procrastinata ' . 
movie night :) good friday . 
well ... one down ... twisted . the bad guy won . how unfortunate . 
staying up ridiculously late has its drawbacks .... :: yawn :: 
is indulging in music in world cultures . 
is done-zo with music history essays .. ON TO THE NEXT PHASE OF MY SAD EXISTENCE ... music in world cultures . 
A man's spirit sustains him in sickness , but a crushed spirit who can bear ? Proverbs 18:14 
wants to feel better :( . 
thought she could venture into the land of the living today ... and then thought twice when someone insisted on getting the door for her because she looked tired . Back to the couch ! 
is being sucked into < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s world ... it's quite lovely . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKQSlH-LLTQ 
is making better-than-sex cake ... Take THAT stupid KY commercials !!! 
is a < PROPMALE > overwhelmed with life at the moment but strangely at peace . Thank you , Lord . 
can't wait to go home this weekend :) . 
is watching Red Eye with the girls ... hello intensity . 
is home :: content sigh :: and my wonderful mom made my favorite chicken and dumpling soup :) 
Dear Laundry , though you smell nice and make my clothes clean , you ruin my relaxing saturday . Sincerely , < PROPFEMALE > . 
what is WITH the e-mail system ? Seriously . 
does NOT want to do anything ... 
Dear High-Heels , I hate you . Love , my sore feet . 
\The early bird gets the worm ! \ " .... or is that \ " the headache ! \ " ? Oy . " 
Loved Working , tonight ! Awesome job to everyone ! \Cucumbers ... carrots ... melon ... \"" 
Homework , coffee , comfy couch , fireplace , Buggles , and nom nom food . Lovely , if I do say so myself . 
Studying with Lahwen and Bwad . Buggles is in the background , interjecting her own pizaz to the moment . Perfect ! 
can't stop smiling . = ) 
still has a final to do ... poopy . 
is DOOOOONNNNNNEEEEEEE !!!! On to packing ! And napping ! And plane-riding ! And relaxing ! YAY ! 
is back from an amazing trip to FL with Bug-let and Lahwen and is now ready to spend the weekend with her boyfriend . 
would say that the weekend was amazing , school came too soon , and watching old movie musicals with a sweet guy is probably the best thing ever . 
Friends , Romans , Countrymen ... lend me your ears ! 
hmph ... rain . Good day otherwise :) 
had such a productive day ... :) 
is going nuts . NUTS i tell you ! 
is PUMPED . 
is pondering the mysteries of the universe and why , at this time of the day , she always feels like going to bed . Loooooppppyyyyyy ....... 
is going to the opera tonight ! Blessings to everyone involved ! 
here comes the sun .. do do do do .. here comes the sun , and I say .. It's all right ! 
It's gonna be a good day . 
is officially on break ! HOORAY !! 
loves the smell of coffee in the morning .. the weather outside .. and the fact that there isn't toothpaste stuck in the sink . 
is taking a nap :) mm happy fun time . 
steak , potatoes , and a cute-lookin ' dog . I love being home :) 
Happy Easter Sunday , everyone ! 
music history ... uh-hem ... could you be more monotonous ? 
Dear music history essays , listening , and vocabulary , You rule my life . Why do you take so long ? Why does this matter so much to me ? UGH ! Sincerely with deepest regards , < PROPFEMALE > 
The LORD is gracious and righteous ; our God is full of compassion . The LORD protects the simplehearted ; when I was in great need , he saved me . Be at rest once more , O my soul , for the LORD has been good to you . Psalm 116:5 -7 
Liszt , < PROPFEMALE > sospiro 1-6 . Gotta spell his name right :) Heavenly . 
is going CRAZY shut up in this house ! Ice cream time :) 
mmm .. sleep .. soon .. thank you , Lord , for being faithful and sovereign over everything . 
is goin ' down the Bayou with < PROPFIRST > Hale 
munchin ' on sunflower seeds , enjoying the lovely weather , chillin with the girls , and gettin ' stuff done . what a beautiful day ! 
well .. the weather motivated me to get out of bed this morning , so really , God did . Thank you :) Also , I have an amazing roommate whose birthday is TODAY !!! 
is wide awake . what is this ? 
just had an amazing night with the ladies . Happy 21st , Toe ! 
~ You look good wearing my future ~ Some Kind of Wonderful 
duh duh duh duh duh .. :: lip trill :: ... duh duh duh duh duh .. :: lip trill :: 
mm bubbly 
2 1/2 more pages to go ! 
Hello , Monday . Only two of you left . Hallelujah . 
.. dreary day . Gonna get things done ! 
... tart ... orange ... 
meh ... meh ... it needs to rain ... SO .. MUCH .. PRESSURE ! 
It's just lovely outside :) Happy two months , < PROPMALE > Halbersma ! 
Productivity , here I come ! If only the internet would cooperate ... 
is stocked with junk food , unmotivated , and has a lot to do . Hello , last week of classes . 
is such a dork :o ) 
mmm < PROPMALE > ' n cheeeeeeeeeeeezzzzzzzzzzzzz !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has FINALLY finished her paper ! And is never again waiting until 3 days after it's due to finish a paper :) 
' s roommate is brushing her teeth on the couch .. right . next . to . her . Can anyone guess WHICH roommate ?? 
can we say ENOUGH !? 20th century < PROPMALE > music ... blech ... 
Loves listening to Debussy ... a voice of reason out of a compilation of chaos ... 
ich ... ich ... ich ... mu ... sic ... his ... tor ... y . 
Done . with . that . Kidlet time ! 
is going crazy . that's it . crazy . 
is going inSANE . 
? Every time you do that thing you do ? 
aorigaoirgnolaifnoaoifaoihareilargnolalraoirarjalriaririharrilrggnlifhf . flop . 
Hey people in the stud right next to me ... people still have work to do . So , take your stupid cards out of the \Quiet Study Area\ " and go home . " 
is officially done with school work . I can't explain the feeling of exhileration I am experiencing at this moment . 
eur .. ope .. eur .. ope .. eur .. ope .... I'm just a < PROPMALE > excited :) ! 
is ... done packing for Europe ? ... what ? It only took me all day . 
is going to Europe today . BAH ! I'm beyond excited :D ! 
will be home from Helsinke tomorrow ! 
uhhh .... Helsinki . Been in the country for a few days and still cannot spell things correctly . 
is excited to fly back with these awesome people : ) Nothing beats traveling with the NWC choir . 
Happy three-month , < PROPMALE > ! 
Astronomy all morning . Hello , summer . 
mmm , hello endorphins . You make me happy : ) 
ok .. seriuosly , jetlag ? Go . A-way . 
what a beautiful day ! 
Dad singing , not knowing the words , while mowing the lawn = priceless . 
jetlag . 
is gonna see the girls today !!!!! SO EXCITED !!!!! 
is cleaning the house ! It's kind of exhilerating when you're in the mood to clean . 
is enjoying seeing old friends and hanging out with the family :) On to work tomorrow ! 
intense day at work . 
got a haircut today :) 
says in a menacing voice , \oh phooey\ " to this rain . Yep . " 
ugh ... a Bible student's nightmare message : a non-exegetical message from a humanistic perspective with a humanistic solution to all of life's problems .. given by a woman . I miss you , Northwestern . 
ugh ... a Bible student's nightmare sermon : a non-exegetical message from a humanistic perspective with a humanistic solution to all of life's problems .. given by a woman from the Message Bible . I miss you , Northwestern . 
WOW what a day . 
What are your favorite worship songs to sing in church/youth group/church camps/school/etc .? I'm curious :) 
tornado warnings and flash flood warnings ... hunkering down in the basement with the family . Pray for the families who already lost loved ones . 
just had a wonderful weekend with < PROPMALE > Halbersma and misses him already :) < PROPFIRST > Connery is wonderful in the third Indiana Jones movie , fyi . 
carrot cake is in the oven , burn of the sun is on my cheeks , and a fresh pot of coffee is ready to be brewed :) Good evening , ladies and gentlemen . 
is completely bummed she has to work 4th of July weekend . Maybe we will close ? Bad weather ? Only in Owatonna ? That way , I can still have nice weather somewhere else :) 
too ... early ... 
is happy to have a little brother for another year :) I'll let you know how I feel next year , Will ' thethrill ' < PROPFIRST > Duzer . Happy Birthday , Wonka ! 
first Sunday in the praise band tomorrow :) :: Praying to not squeak the strings too much ... ruins the experience :: 
yay for evenings with the family :) Talking to the boyfriend is nice , too . ;) 
is going to see < PROPFEMALE > Viggers , < PROPFEMALE > Welp , and < PROPFIRST > Hale tonight and is SO PUMPED ! :: Looks at the clock to see if it's time to leave yet :: 
loves leftover lasagna .... it's better than the first day :) 
Hello , Endorphins :) My chipper mood thanks you . 
had an awesome time at band practice tonight ! 
karaoke night ! 
Owatonna = most boring place I have ever had the misfortune to live in . 
ah yes , dorky nights come and go and are always worth it . 
Boat Day . YAY ! 
Dear Owatonna Country Club , \ 
You should also pay me for caring too much . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Another day to chill . So THIS is what summer is like .... 
The Young Victoria = great movie . Every < PROPFEMALE > Austen fan should watch this movie ! 
one more unit down ! my speed is astronomical ..... HA ! 
oh astronauts ... 
just got her new planner for the year ! And a portfolio binder ! How exciting !! Now to begin all the transfer-of-dates and penciling in appointments .... what a task . 
had an amazing time with the praise band tonight ! I love making music for the LORD ! 
a half hour earlier than what I planned ... not bad , OCC . 
so silly ... why'd i take a 2 hour nap before bed time ? Silly . 
doesn't know what to do today . 
is having a lovely , sugar-infused evening at Caribou with < PROPFIRST > Hale . Astronomy has never been more enjoyable :) 
lost her puppy :( It's hot out there ... hopefully she'll come back for water . 
hmph 
scrublet . 
Teacher : \Carlee 
rumble rumble rumble ... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s getting non-squeakified today ! My ears rejoice ! 
Boat Day :) 
night with the family ... going to miss this :) 
B-E-A-U-tiful day ! All the windows open , fresh-air smell , cool breeze ... just loverly . 
N.A.P. Necessary Attitude Prevention 
someone sold her soul to the cleaning devil ... DOWN , Mom ... DOWN ! 
is seeing stars .... 
just received the most wonderful blessing from above ... and He has nothing to do with stars . 
two ... problems .... left . 
dooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnneeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee . wow . yeah . i'm totally done with my astronomy final . wow . yeah . 
mmm Obsidian :D 
9 hours of sleep last night , 2 1/2 hour nap this afternoon , and looking forward to going night night tonight . Oh , retreats . 
egg bake , egg bake , egg bake , egg bake . 
I'm tutoring right now ... please leave a message after the beep . Please do cause I'm just soooo lonely ... * beep * 
is getting her < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > fix while writing about the emerging church . It's ok , people . Romans 11:36 . 
AND .. we have a tired < PROPFEMALE > . 
mmmmmmm . 
Another beautiful day . Loving this . 
Is at Starbucks having a Chai latte , working on a paper , and loving being a college student . 
can't believe she tried to watch a scary movie .. in the dark .. ridiculous . 
is LOVING this ! 
needs a sub for tomorrow night ... eek . 
is NOT a small frito . 
gosh ... I thought I had this down ... 
has a ridiculous amount of h/w to do over break . 
gittin ' organized ! 
organized ... now to gittin ' it done . 
is SO happy for you ! 
wants to see her roommates ! 
this is crazy ... going into work at 11 . Trying to be productive in the meantime :) 
come on motivation ! I know you're in there somewhere ! 
1 < PROPFIRST > 2:2 ... what to do with you ... 
Love you , < PROPFEMALE > ! I will miss you ! 
great singing , Children of < PROPFEMALE > cast ! 
just hit on the core of her paper and got chills . Gonna be a good one ! 
is ... done ? with her paper ? 
oh , what a beautiful moooornin'! oh , what beautiful daaaaaay ....! 
voted ... < PROPFEMALE > Welp 
is wondering whether or not to wake up her crazy little roommate who shuts off her alarm and goes to sleep for longer than intended .... 
didn't mean to create a group . Sorry guys . 
blah . 
has had a great weekend so far and wonders what will come of tomorrow . 
lovely . 
doing homework with the boyfriend is oddly productive . Yay :) 
relaxing off the buzz of choir today ... Thanks for a great rehearsal , College Choir ! 
is an amazing woman , full of charm and grace and beauty , and her boyfriend is quite a lucky guy . ;) 
is on her new < PROPMALE > . That's right , ladies and gentlemen . 
Homework ? Yes . Too much ? Of course . 
boo . 
what to do ... what to do ... 
I guess it was bound to happen . Snow . Goodbye ground . See you in April . 
Bing and Frank , \ 
You make snow enjoyable . \ 
Love , Me 
can't decide . War eagle ? Go ' Dawgs ? Here : GO SEC !!! 
hot chocolate with french vanilla marshmallows ? Yes , please . 
:: repeat previous status :: 
is cold . And I'm in MN during winter . Dangit . 
all is made well by friends and the One who gave them to me :) 
knows her boyfriend < PROPMALE > Halbersma will do a wonderful job in his recital tomorrow and is praying that blessings of rest and lack-of-nerves will surround him tonight . 
long day . And it's still not over . 
Long day but topped off well with some great music and quality time with the bf . 
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes ! 
Thank you , again , all my wonderful friends ! You all make birthdays special :) 
love is pouring from his hands , from his brow . 
Gobble :) Happy Thanksgiving ! 
wonderful Thanksgiving so far with the family and Buglet :) 
nonstop Christmas music , Christmas decor , Christmas shopping , Christmas concerts , and so much more ! Who's excited ? ME ! 
loves her mom for helping her with homework :) I love having an intelligent mom to do such things . 
DECORATING !!!! 
is completely content to sit next to her Christmas tree smelling evergreen , drinking coffee , and listening to Bing and < PROPFIRST > sing the Christmas Song . 
Wednesday is the day . Presentation , Test , 2 big assignments , and OWL papers . Hmph . 
this day is almost as bad as if I had been left after the rapture ... almost . 
I apologize for the spam I sent you ! Don't click the link :) 
great . 
theology , pedagogy , jury , theology , pedagogy , jury , theology , pedagogy , jury . 
is so tired . I would like to be done . 
second public conducting experience : check . I'm really loving this . Now , sleep . For a good 10 hours . 
Congratulations , graduates !! 
owns a new car :) < PROPFEMALE > 2 . 
Mall of < PROPFEMALE > . 
is making Holiday Tea Dooly style ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , everyone ! 
is giving a voice lesson tonight ! PUMPED ! 
surprised the pants off her best friend when she showed up in GA 5 days early ! :D 
is having a wonderful time at the Dor's :) GA is wonderful this time of year . 
just watched the senior video from her old church ! What memories :) 
ordering online is frustrating . 
I refuse to accept that school starts today until I walk into choir at 3:20 . Until then , coffee and movies make the world a brighter place :) 
won't have a facebook starting tomorrow . If you want to get in touch with me , just call or e-mail me . Have a good spring semester everyone ! 
is back on Facebook ! Congratulations , graduates ! 
had a great day in the sun reading and eating a delicious meal with the Bug ! 
thinks Wilkie Collins is hilarious . 
had an interesting day . 
thinks if this is the end of world , then < PROPFIRST > was exaggerating . 
Clue . 
sleeping on a love-seat .... ouch . 
nap time to make up for the ridikulus night I had . 
air mattresses . 
Boot camp . 5 AM . Woot . 
BOOT camp ! WOO ! 
Third day of < PROPFEMALE > Stocker Pick's boot camp = success ! 
wishes she could fall asleep 
Fourth day + mile run/walk = success ! It's getting better ! 
insanity begins today . \ 
prayers needed . 
the day is always better after a good workout . 
hopes to fall asleep soon ... 
another long night ahead .... 
longest night of sleep i've had in weeks . ' Twas needed . 
2 voice lessons , 2 piano lessons , and praise band practice all in one evening . whew . 
all right ... back to real life . 
working all day in the heat is going to get interesting ....... 
rested and ready for the day 
loves playing a good worship service ! SDG ! 
praying for a good night's sleep . and no sore feet tomorrow . 
is incredibly bored . incredible because i'm never bored . bored because i'm not doing something every second . 
boot camp ! hopefully I haven't digressed too much ... 
< PROPMALE > Potter was a freaking epic movie . 
flood watch , severe thunderstorm watch , heat advisory , tornado watch . i'm so tired of being advised to watch . 
has a place to live for the fall !!! WOOHOO ! 
LOVED conquering the plyometric exercise this morning ! Jumping up on picnic tables never felt better :) 
nothin ' like a good storm to keep things interesting . 
Workin all day in this gorgeous weather serving food and beverages . I'm actually pretty pumped . 
what's WEIRD is ... I had weird dreams and remembered them . 
LOVES the new sushi restaurant in Owatonna ! nom :) 
Ideas are bulletproof . 
is going to be in GA tomorrow . SO excited . You don't even know . 
is in GA ! This sticky , humid , and wonderfully hot weather never felt so good :) 
was part of a beautiful wedding this weekend , but goodbyes are still hard . 
make money , buy clothes , eat sushi . A day worth having again . 
almost cried with the amount of work I had to do tonight until Will ' thethrill ' < PROPFIRST > Duzer came to the rescue ! Thanks , brother , for helping me out :) 
Gets to see < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! SO pumped ! 
ate a whole bag of cotton < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Casablanca ! 
Barefoot in the Park ! 
Twins vs . Yankees tonight . Totally there . Makes work that much longer ....... 
packing ... ugh . I wish I could wiggle my nose and everything would be packed and ready for student teaching . 
playing guitar and singing at the fair today ! Come to the worship service at 11:00 ! 
loving life . ready to teach . 
has decided to teach a lesson on La Mer by DeBussy ... if you haven't heard it , go , right now , and listen to it . 
has unfortunately become addicted to Kashi cereal . Definitely not in the budget . =/ 
.... tired . i haven't even seen the kids yet . 
BUSY weekend ! 
nap , clean , fold , pack , write , drive , sleep . 
wanted to pick up and go to Tanzania today but came home instead . Good to get away . 
restless . Italy sounds good today . 
nothing like driving home on a beautiful , crisp fall day and finding hot chilli waiting :) Go Gators ! 
late night .. early morning . Ireland , anyone ? 
The colors are breathtaking right now . What a beautiful day ! 
GOOOOOOOOOO GATORS ! CHOMP CHOMP CHOMP THAT TIDE ! 
another beautiful day . I wish I could get used to this . 
GOOOOO GATORS ! Upset of the season .... GO ! 
does NOT ... I repeat ... does NOT want to do schoolwork . I will be saying this for the rest of my life . Dangit . 
not feeling well ... on a beautiful Saturday . huge bummer . But then there's football :) 
Can't wait to see Toaster ( < PROPFEMALE > ) and Buglet ( < PROPFEMALE > ) tonight ! 
What an amazing trip ! My head is now full of useless knowledge , but I am determined to apply it somehow ! Thank you , < PROPFIRST > for the great idea in the first place ! 
has been blessed with the easiest commute in the world . Yeah , it's early , but at least I won't get lost : ) 
Praying for a good night's sleep ... as opposed to the past week . 
is having a blast with the girls ! Been a long time ! 
Happy Halloween ! I can't wait to pass out < PROPFEMALE > to the munchkins in the area ! 
Seriously considering a career as an elementary/middle school teacher . Whoda thunk ? In the meantime .... high schoolers . DRAMA ! 
Hanging out with the mother-parental unit . Laundry , food , clean , homework , football , puppies , and lounging in pajamas . Good day . GO GATORS !!! 
Remember , remember the fifth of November !! V for Vendetta , anyone ? 
forgot about Daylight Savings Time ... WHY can't I still be sleeping right now ? 
extremely long day . sleep come soon . 
I miss the little kids ! 
