I kinda miss having Actual Friends , y'know .. the one's who really give a shizz about you O.o 

lol , so ! who else besides me had a bad start this year ? =P 
lol , I love you . 
Ya gotta love the fact i'm the best at this ;] 
i'm just a tin man , looking for his heart .. 
holy shizz , i'm exhausted x.x 
Geeeze ; forgot i'd had a facebook . lol 
I'm bored of the states ! I need to travel !! 
Bored of the boring peep , lol . So who wants to actually be a fun txting personality ??? 
Lol . Sorry about this upcoming weekend . 
Woke up an hour n a half ago . Feelin pretty buzzed from a bottle ... ; needs to see my girl . 
So what's the secret to looking young forever ? < PROPFIRST > Depp seems to know it , for damn sure . O.o ?????? 
when can I hurry up and get todays chores over ?!!! ( bleh ) 
What the fuck happened . Lol 
God I hate this relationship . 
I'm wondering how come I'm so unsureof things lately . 
I'm wondering how come I'm so unsure \ 
of things lately . 
i hate when i lose track of how weird i can be . \ 
lolz . its one of those things you've just gotta witness first hand . 
I wonder if you'd finally work up the nerve to say a final goodbye ... 
God i need some great sex . 
Damnit . lol . i dislike the dimwitted and ignorant . 
Well , i cant wait for school ... ( just that bored . lol ) 
I'm gonna miss being free . 
Just trying to get faded mannn .... 
So i need to find plans for this weekend .. 
Daamn ... so .... tired .. 
Damn peoples where's the party at ??? hahaha .. 
Hahaha . Earthquake huh ?... that wasn't very intimidating at all . 
I've Been up here so long that i've got my own space station , lol . 
I'm falling upwards and not wearing a parachute =] 
No fun on my b-day , lol . At least yet ;] 
Birthday sex is the best ;] 
Fact : There is a city called Rome on every continent . 
Blaze it . 
Well .. what can i say ? I've kinda got a thing for her . lol 
Finally , lol , somethin's goin my way 
Dude ... I need something new to kill time with , I just don't have the weapons needed . 
Damn . Today's turning out bad ALREADY ?????... 
Fuck all the ignorance , lol . 
Damnit . Wtf . Lol . 
I FUCKING HATE MY LIFE . 
i hate fortune cookies ; too vague for my likes . 
Did u know that women on average say about 7000 words per day , while men manage just over 2000 .. lol . 
Sex ; biochemically .. its no different than eating large quantities of chocolate . Maybe thats why big girlz love their chocolate ?? 
Idk Anymore ..... 
I'm losing my < PROPFEMALE > for this .... i'm probably still moving .... 
I suppose I was pretty right about myself and her 
I guess i'm the idiot , given the circumstances , I blame only myself for letting it continue .. 
I wish she'd realize ; but hey , we can't all succumb to our epiphanies 
I wish she'd realize ; but hey , we can't all discover our lucrative epiphanies 
FYI- Did u know a cough releases at up to 60mph ? ( this is totally useless ) 
... I hate this ... wtfe .. I give up on trying ; i've never felt so disappointed .. =/ 
Damn this girls got me on a carousel of emotional virtues .. lol , but I like it . 
Well , I think maybe she's an astronaut , because every time I look at her .. I see stars 
Somehow I knew .... 
Why the FUCK do girls have to overreact . 
well ... 
one giant leap towards world domination 
okay ... i'm getting tired of this shit .. 
I give ; it was a lost cause . 
lol . I can't quit playing black ops damnit . 
so maybe there are girls out there , heh . 
who's gettin totally lost in 2011 tonight ? lol 
So how come its always My fault w/ her ?.. lol 
Maybe I Should care , lol ... but I definitely don't ;] 
lol . I'm glad school turned out well today . I thought maybe it would've been a little lame ; buuut Good Schedule + Badasss classmates = Awesome . 
What a shame =/ 
Haha . you're HILARIOUS ; .. i dont play these little kid games . i hope ya choke on a fat one , lmao . 
goddamnit . i'm tired of never being happy or satisfied . 
Hahahaha , well I would love to laugh at u more but , i've got a life to get back to . Don't miss meh ;P 
I wish I was a < PROPMALE > ; then I could smoke all the ganja and get hitched to < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > =] 
Ya camera has < PROPFEMALE > saw a picture this nice =P 
I hope it works out , because I definitely don't want a strikeout with this girl <3 
Erica <333 (: 
.. hmmm ..... 
FU < K !!! 
You !... should totally \Like\ " my status ; cuz I actually like you're friendship ;P " 
I hate liars .. lol .. 
....... I've been used .... 
duuuuuude ! What the French , toast ! 
Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance . - Will Durant 
Knowledge speaks , but wisdom listens . \ 
\ 
- Jimi Hendrix 
