Mistake going out shopping today . Time for some potentially bad movies though . Should be fun . 

To sleep , perchance to dream 
Found iPod . Today is already being productful 
Operation kill the gigantic spider that wanted to attack me : Success 
Am I going to be able to catch up on sleep anytime soon ? 
New all time roster-sent-from-school-fail : 1 . Opening up Office program 2 . Printing Roster 3 . Scanning said roster as an image or taking a picture of it with digital camera at super low res 4 . Inserting the 6 pages of images into a word document 5 . E-mail 
Woohoo Work outside Monday ! 
Broken driver side window : Check ; Broken air conditioning : Check ; < PROPMALE > Summer : Check ; All the ingredients for shitty end of the ... 
Today is going to be a great day 
Correction , kicking it with < PROPMALE > . 
Going on quite the musical journey @work at the moment 
Realized I've at at every < PROPMALE > fast food chain in the < PROPMALE > area since Thursday ... and I've repeated Burger King .... need something else ... Anyone up for dinner tonight ? < PROPMALE > Hilston < PROPFIRST > Andersen < PROPFEMALE > Walzak < PROPFEMALE > Sullivan < PROPMALE > Blakeslee 
And Facebook endeavors to become ever more like twitter .... esp with the \@\" replies now " 
I'm thinking some Nuevo Acapulco for dinner , anyone down ? 
Pretty sure the basement time warp is back . Feels like the day is taking forever to go by , but every time I look at the clock somehow 2 hours has passed . Weird . 
Rough start to the morning . Car battery dead . Love pushing my car out of the driveway and then back in . 
My left eye is twitching . It really needs to stop . 
\I would let her blow her nose on my taco\ " - M . Horn " 
Cedar Point today ? I hope the weather improves .... 
Well , looks like no Olympic Games for Chicago . Too bad . I would've made a trip out to them . 
O.M.G. STFU . I'm going to hurt you . 
Tired and a bit sore today . Tennis was awesome last night , perfect weather for it and a nice chat . Car getting \fixed\ " today . Quotes necessary since they don't actually know what's wrong with it . " 
mmmm ... cake was good 
I hate the Beatles . Not blindly hate them , I gave them a < PROPMALE > . I tried to see the light . But I just really do hate them . Let he hate now commence . 
I have an add appearing on my Facebook homepage to \Shank a Bum\ " .... I'm not sure if that's totally wrong or absolutely hilarious . Probably somewhere in the middle . " 
Answering the same letter three times or more in a row on a Scantron test is absolutely petrifying 
Managed to sleep fine last night , however still get the chills reminiscing about parts of that movie 
So where's the boy ? I can't believe that balloon landed like that 
Waking up with a headache is not a good way to start the day . Trying to make the best of it is today's main goal . 
I think people really need to come to terms that Sweetest Day is fake . Made-Up . Fictional . Not Real . Scam . 
5 hours is an improvement . Baby steps . 
Could the season finally be slowing down ? Rosters done before 11:30 am ? Now it's just time to wait for some crap to fall and ruin the most productive day in the last month .... 
The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it , but the way those atoms are put together . - < PROPFIRST > Sagan 
Dear Facebook , Please do not suggest walls for me to write one . If they have no friends that's their problem . K , thanks , bye . 
Lord , < PROPMALE > me the serenity not to go off on someone today . K , thanks . 
13 hours of sleep makes for a much better day today . Despite the typical crappy < PROPMALE > weather . All my work is done for the week . Finally get to do stuff I want to do . And tennis tomorrow . Despite the rain , it's a bright day today . 
Halloween is going to be fun 
Today's weather is pretty awesome . So awesome in fact that it might require an early day of work to go do something outside . 
Now Facebook is suggesting that I poke people . Not sure I'm comfortable with that . Quasi sexual harassment ? 
It's Monday . It's cold . I'm tired . But it's going to be a good day . 
Saw my first < PROPMALE > car fire a few minutes ago . That was fun . My trip home however will not be . 
So V was halfway decent . < PROPMALE > wouldn't push the button unless his life would be seriously inconvenienced if he didn't . I'm apparently resigned to the fact I'm going to hell while some people apparently are trying to avoid it . And \The'y to'k o'r j'bs!!!\ "" 
The 4th Kind was pretty awesome . Very much on the creepy side . Can't believe the archive footage is real . Summarian ? Just totally creepy . 
Sooo much stuff on my mind . How am I supposed to know what the right way is ? In other news , The Fourth Kind was a pretty awesome movie despite doing a little research and finding out it's fake . Go figure . But def made the movie 10 times better buying into it all . Sorry , just ruined it probably haha . 
Out and about 
Could today be any nice ? I think so , it just requires me being out side . Consider it done 
And still got some tennis in today , which was awesome . Can this weather please keep up ? 
Really lacking the motivation today . Almost didn't even come in to work for no reason . Oh well . Awesome weekend ahead of me , Poker , bonfire , friends , 2012 movie . Lets get this party started . 
Call me crazy , but actually somewhat looking into moving to Hawaii and living off a boat ... 
Updated status on Operation : Hawaii Move , step 1 . 2 seasons crab fishing in Alaska 
Step 2 : Find a halfway decent boat that can sleep at least 3 comfortably and doesn't cost 250k 
? And do you ever feel things here aren't right ? And do you ever feel the time slip by ? I can say that I have ..? 
I think building a catapult would be fun 
Anyone wanna grab some T-Bell for dinner ? 
Sorry , but I'm gonna punch the next person who mentions \New\ " and \ " Moon\ " in their status regardless if they're referring to a movie that's all about beastiality and/or necrophelia " 
Ordered the new 32inch LCD tv yesterday . Should come on Wednesday . < PROPFEMALE > bit excited here . 
Came to realize today I've been in like a 5 year long facebook poking war with someone .... not to name any names or anything ... < PROPFEMALE > Tjolsen 
As much as I try to avoid drama and confrontation , both of those have been rather amusing today here at the studio . Does that make me a bad person ? 
Today is going to be a good day :-) 
Has a new appreciation of \Chinese Rock \"" 
Ahhh , good times , playing VH1's top 100 songs from the 90's 
Wicked on Dec 10th with < PROPFIRST > Andersen ... Dorks ? Maybe . Fun nonetheless 
Cleaning day . Which now means terrible chemical headache . 
Don't you hate when you know in your heart what's right but your brain keeps getting in the way ? 
Caffeine crash seems to be imminent 
Hoping mom's surgery is going well 
I'm officially done with today . Thursday can't come soon enough . 
Haha , funny how a short text convo can turn the day around at least momentarily :-) 
Man I wish I was lucky enough to have a key to the \rod iron man-gate \"...." 
Soooo tired today . And stuck at work . 
Hypocrisy not only often hilarious but the bane of my existence here . You can go f yourself . 
Oh Friday , you're always fun in some way 
To \see through\ " all things is the same as not to see " 
Avatar at some point today 
\I shall give you what no eye has seen and what no ear has heard and what no hand has touched and what has never occurred to the human mind . \"" 
Sleep sounds amazing 
Tis the season 
Haha , Balloon Boy's parents received jail time 
Good times with good people . Goodnight all . 
Thoughts on what to do for my birthday ? 
Me : are you normally the prowler ? \ 
Jer : where are the little children !!! 
Nothing like ringing in the new year in < PROPMALE > with a bike ride in 55 degree weather . Damn you < PROPMALE > , now I'm over winter . 
Sledding was awesome , exhausting , hilarious , and fun all rolled into one . Can't wait to go again 
I want some clarity 
This whole quitting thing is kicking my butt today . Hoping and praying with every ounce of my being that tomorrow will be better . 
To the kid I destroyed on the sledding hill in Berea - I'm sorry 
The silence is taxing I'm waiting for something There's images of love and war And everything's here to explore It's solemn , unlike our usual A different place but beautiful And it is not quite as it seems 
25 already ? I'm not sure I'm ok with this . 
So the universe is conspiring against me . All I want is a 20 minute nap . Since when did that become so difficult ? 
My wish list for the next 18 hours : 1 . An actual restful nights sleep 2 . Not to have any run-ins with < PROPFIRST > tomorrow 3 . Not to get yelled at for having work conversations 4 . A stress-free day in the basement 5 . A continuation of the positive attitude that I managed to muster up today Any bets on how many of those I'm gonna get ? I'm thinking 2 ; 3 if I'm I lucky . 
An update on the wishlist . #1 was granted . #5 is still going strong . #'s 2-4 remain to be seen 
I believe in hallucinations ; dreams and their revelations 
Taxes : Done 
Ripcho people are pretty awesome 
Today is a great day 
Today is an equally awesome day . History shows then I have under 4 hours to be yelled at and falsely accused . 
Without religious fanaticism we'd all be brothers 
I wish I could build myself a Battlestar Galactica Batman Boat Launcher ..... dreams < PROPFIRST > , maybe someday . 
Explosion on the west side of < PROPMALE > on 83rd . Shook the hell out of the studio . was felt from 101st all the way down to 45th . Crazy 
Some fun reading . Sleep . Work . Racquetball . Mass Effect 2 . Fun times ahead . 
You can't always get what you want , but if you try sometimes you might just find , you get what you need 
Snow in < PROPMALE > again . More like a blizzard . But what can I say , I love the snow . 
I can't believe I'm looking into purchasing a MacBook . What is the world coming to ? 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair ) 
Thursday , you were certainly bemusing today . 
Raquetball was awesome today . Always a good thing to get back into something you love playing . Downside : Not being able to move tomorrow . Oh well , time to sleep it off . And yes , I realize the loser that I am going to bed before 11 on a Friday . 
It would be really nice if I could fall asleep sometime soon 
4 inches of snow expected today . Awesome :-) ( Sorry < PROPFEMALE > Moore ) 
Quite happy that I have not been affected by the Facebook Homepage Change #374 yet 
Clarity . Snow . Tranquility . Sleep . 
F this place . Seriously . Where's my two week notice 
Well Monday , you're being quite the twat . Care to throw anything else my way ? 
Sleep . Hey Tuesday , lets have a better relationship then Monday and I did , k ? 
Love the snow . Sledding tonight . W00t ! 
More snow . Awesome . 
\Tension is who you think you should be . Relaxation is who you are . \"" 
Sledding down a half ice , half mud encrusted hill , flying off an unknown ramp , playing on a playground , shooting down a slide at like 50 mph , < PROPMALE > attacking a snow man and almost breaking his neck , and getting eaten by a plastic hippo .... all stone cold sober . Gotta let out the inner child at some point :-) 
Snow was a pleasant surprise . Always makes an < PROPFEMALE > jog more enjoyable . And as of a few hours ago I'm an offical Macbook Pro and Eigenharp owner . Hell must be a bit chilly right now ... 
And I think it's time to escape the studio . T-Minus 2 Days , 4 Days 
Random Morning Observation : I have problems with USB ports 
< PROPMALE > Jasko : 0 Me : 2 Hmmmm , now what beer to get ..... 
Ok , so this MacBook Pro might be kind of awesome 
And time for some sleep 
Oh yeah , Oompa Loompa whistle call is totally my new text sound . 
And let the hate commence : I have successfully installed Windows 7 on the Macbook Pro 
Why did God invent tailbones 
It's just gonna be one of those weekends . Time to make the best of it . 
Work Fail . I'm sure the view from heaven beats the hell out of mine here . 
So just discovered 3 seasons of Fragglerock on Neflix Instant view . Better yet , THE CHICKEN MOVIE ( AKA The Natural History of the Chicken ) Go Netflix 
I apologize in advance . 
Alot on the mind . Time to sleep it off 
I would say tonight was a rather successful and fun night . Thanks to < PROPMALE > Blakeslee , < PROPFIRST > Gibson , < PROPFIRST > Stachnik , < PROPMALE > Jasko , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPMALE > to making it out ! 
< PROPFIRST > Huszcza is awesome . 
Well , I had peace and quiet ...... 
Busy night tonight 
This week is gonna be awesome ! 
If you see the light break through the clouds And fire up the distant towers Where the world will begin Exactly how it ends When you call for help when you are lost Forever more at whatever costAnd the world will begin Exactly how it ends 
So courageous until now Fumbling and scared So afraid You'll find me out , Alone here with my doubt 
Something circling inside , Spaciously you fly Infinite and wide , Like the < PROPFEMALE > and sky ...... Collide 
\It's like waking up and somebody painted the world in completely different colors . \ " - BSG " 
Spending some quality time with the over grown breathalyzer that is the Eigenharp . Even recording some of it . We'll see if any of it is worth bringing into work tomorrow . 
Well new phone fail @ Sprint , have to wait a couple weeks . However manager lady < PROPFIRST > was awesome and very helpful and a fellow crackberry and somehow magically fixed my phone . 
Oh sooooooooooooooooooo very bored 
Listen to that inner voice and let it move you . You'll be surprised by the results . 
The world will begin , exactly how it ends 
Oh intertubes , you are going a bit too far with April Fool's this year 
83 degree weather . Crocker Park . Hookah . Can't ask for a better night . Disc golf tomorrow . And then the weekend . Life is good . 
Good Vibrations 
What's this Easter deal everyone keeps talking about ? Agenda for the day : Enjoy beautiful weather , steal Dad's bike for a ride in the metroparks , get some reading done , and generally enjoy a Sunday alone for once . :-) 
More things than the ground are shaking here ... 
Tired , beautiful weather , Monday = perfect trifecta of not wanting to be at work . This is gonna be an early day today . 
Working on composites not so bad , discovered some great music today :-) 
Collide 
Tough getting started today 
So true story ....... I got nothin 
Quite in awe of music at the moment 
Can't sleep 
Dream , Matrix , or Reality ? 
Can't always connect the dots right away 
Laughter truly can be the best medicine . Love you guys , tonight was a blast ! 
7th day 
Some coffee , some reading , some Eigenharp , some TV , some sleep . 
Seems like sleeping is gonna be an issue again . I feel like I'm back in college ... I'm too old for this 
What would you do for a Klondike bar ? 
But three words can't fix this anymore 
Gotta love some Arrogant Bastard with great people 
Sometimes you're further than the < PROPFEMALE > 
Me : Stop undressing me with your eyes < PROPFIRST > Matt : You're already naked < PROPMALE > 
I think we're allowed to experience the low points of life in order to teach us lessons we could not learn in any other way . The way we learn those lessons is not to deny the feelings but to find the meanings underlying them . I think it's time to get to the < PROPFEMALE > 
And sweet , sweet escape 
Awesome evening of great food , great beer and great people watching . Maybe 3 words is enough ... 
Annnnd stupid < PROPFEMALE > taxes done . I'll take my 58 buckeroos thank you very much 
\It's like retarded fast\ " \ " Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da Da\ " - < PROPMALE > Hilston I have not laughed that hard in soooo very long " 
So much for a restful Saturday . Ugh 
Oh Sprint customer service , I love and hate you at the same time . 
New phone success ! 
Is it time to go home yet ? 
Wishing this headache would go away 
Cavs game at Jakes . Go Cavs ! 
Cavs need to get their act together 
Cavs pulled thru . Time for sleep . I have a feeling tomorrow is gonna be a good day . :-) 
Great day today 
< sarcasm > I'm pretty much awesome at life < /sarcasm > 
God Is An Astronaut 
Sleep . TGIF 
We're F'd . < PROPFEMALE > Navis decided it'd be a good idea to smack the tiki 
Safari hat lives ! 
Walk , Ice Cream , Sunset with someone ... 
I love me some evening cofeee 
Walk in the rain 
B-) 
Thunderstorm :-) 
Hookah and Double Bastard . Any better way to spend the evening ? 
Forever Lost 
So Wednesday , you want to play some games huh ? Bring . It . 
Clarity 
We'll make it better the second time around 
Well ... fail 
I am so , so sorry . 
Great Chinese food , music , cheap beer and pizza ... any better Sunday ? And the Eigenharp was recorded for the first time today ... 
The light at the end of the tunnel is not an illusion . The tunnel is . 
I wanna see , some clarity , a place where we , live carelessly , so take a puff , and pass it on , if life is rough , then play this song 
Do you see the hills beneath the clouds ? The stars as trails to lead you out 
Change of plans .... tennis !!! 
Perfect night ? Maybe not , but damn close ... 
Music speaks what cannot be expressed , soothes the mind and gives it rest , heals the heart and makes it whole , flows from heaven to the soul . 
I have no power . All I want is some coffee 
Random confession for the day : I hate Hallmark Holidays . No offense to all you mothers out there today . 
Any Microsoft Access experts out there ? 
The basement is not a quiet place to work at the moment . 
Could the weather be nicer ? 
Drinks you say ? Why thank you 
Me : Its night time hours they're out stealing stuff . Courtney : < laughter > Oh that's so true ... 
Note to self . North Olmsted < PROPFIRST>'s is the international mob meeting headquarters at 3am . Also , a popular guild < PROPFEMALE > out . And also home to the mirror universe of our group . 
My life has become a boring pop song and everyone's singing along 
So sleep , where did you disappear to last night ? I was lookin for ya . I wish I could be solar powered like superman on a day like today ... 
Lord , give me < PROPFEMALE > today 
When I let go of what I am , I become what I might be . 
Can't see where to place your foot for the next step if you keep looking back 
Hello summer , welcome to < PROPMALE > 
Thinking inside the box because too many people are thinking outside the box 
After a day like to day I think some chess outside @ Crocker Park is just what is needed 
Really needed that music time 
Beautiful day for some disc golf 
Watch out world , < PROPMALE > is in charge of the Data department for a week ... oh yeah , that means he's the only employee to be in charge of .... 
The age of man is over . The darkness comes and all these lessons that we've learned here have only just begun 
I want to find me a Tactical Nuclear Penguin 
Just saw the first lightning bug of the season . Summer is officially here 
Feb 21st 2005 
Yesterday was just what the doctor ordered : great food , great beer , and most importantly great friends . 
Little Italy was delicious :-) 
I love the weather on days like today 
Lets get this ridiculously busy day started . Just have to make it to Thursday ... 
T-Minus 1 Day ; T-Minus 5 Days 
Two words for ya : Comic Cannibalism 
Beautiful night for a ride 
Oh so very close to saturday ... 
Phish was incredible 
So just saw that Angry Beavers is on netflix instant . A.M.A.Z.I.N.G. 
Beautiful weather , sushi , lake erie monster , < PROPMALE > and busters , FU . Better evening ? Nah 
Day 1 : Done 
Tell me would you kill to save a life ? Tell me would you kill to prove you're right ? Crash , crash . 
Great night for great beer on the patio 
Day 2 : Done 
Oh mountain biking , how I love you 
Sometimes I truly do love the days where the only thing I have keeping me going is caffiene 
And here I thought I had too much caffeine ... apparently it was an earthquake 
I love me some Wipeout 
New Futurama ! 
Me : What's the difference between a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and tappy tap ? \ 
Jake : Inuendo 
A storm is coming .... 
Courtney : I'm already wet , it's not like you got it in my mouth 
There are very few people that I'd enjoy a totally rainy day at Cedar Point with . 
Alright Monday , let's do this 
Today was interesting to say the least 
\Hope that your kid is a bad influence on the other kids . Wouldn't you rather have your kid be the drug dealer than the drug addict ? \"" 
First day of the 4 day weekend was oh so relaxing 
Bike ride , lunch , movie , then who knows 
Last Airbender : meh 
Fluffy ! 
Nothing better than being at the lake doing absolutely nothing right now 
Change is a good thing .... right ? 
Well that piece of music is finally finished . Maybe I can finally get a good nights sleep now . 
Sigh . Or maybe not 
Today . Was . Awesome . Loving the motivation mtn biking is bringing . Gonna have to get in shape for April ... 
Confidence comes from a space of humility . It is spawned when we dare to see the world through an alternate lens . It grows when we have the courage to embrace the experience of the unknown and the unknowable . 
\You're dressed like a picnic table . Are you hoping < PROPMALE > shows up ? \"" 
Stress is caused by being \here\ " but wanting to be \ " there \"" 
Fat Fish Blue , an adventure to Whisky Island with the Google lady trying to kill us , and fantasticly fun times at Sunset Grill on one of the most beautiful evenings we've had in < PROPMALE > in a while with awesome people . Could you have a better evening ? 
today = win 
Any fantastic SQL coders out there ? Could use a little Access help 
First epic wipeout mtn biking . Into a pricker bush no less . And with style haha . Had to happen sooner or later 
Here we go . Life's waiting to begin . 
Me : I don't want children\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Navis : Me neither , they suck and make you poor . 
Time to get this bike ride started on such a beautiful day 
Well that was interesting . Never thought I'd have a serious conversation about the legalization of reefer with the rents ... and have them agree with me .... 
Oh Apple . I expected something more than a blame game of Blackberries and Androids do it too 
Crocker Park has an IMAX theater now . That's awesome ! 
I really do love me some mtn biking . 
Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted . 
Who can I say if I've been changed for the better ? Because I knew you , I have been changed ... for good . 
And another double rainbow . That's two in a week . Is the world ending ? 
“The imagination is a necessary ingredient of perception itself . ” 
Inception . The Islands . Cedar Point . Should be fun . 
So . Is the top still spinning ? 
Sporadic sharp pain in the middle of my back . This could make life interesting today . It already killed a good bit of sleep . 
That was one of the most screwed up conversation in Ripcho Basement history . 
Disc golf + wine + < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > + < PROPMALE > Jasko + thunderstorm + me falling = awesome times . Also , me + Lutheran West memory mate job prep = 6am studio time + fail 
Sometimes its fun to embrace the white trash 
Time to start a new project . And to hit it off :\ 
\ 
The thought of moving across the country to a fresh start scares the shit out of me . I wouldn't have it any other way . 
Inception in IMAX ! 
\I just like the < PROPMALE > in the ass\ " < PROPFIRST > Gibson " 
So that was an awesome boat ride . Great night overall 
Some Liquid Planet , Red vs Blue , and Whisky Island 
New Alchemy soundbank . Guess that means some quality time on the Eigenharp . 
Pool and beers at the country club ? Sure thing . Great way to end a day like today 
What a great night 
Tweetdeck for Android is pretty slick despite its beta bugginess 
Awesome day today 
5th night in the row of crazy dreams . \ 
\Do you believe in hallucinations ? Dreams and their revelations ? \"" 
What a Monday . Very few things could have gone worse at work . However that was quickly forgotten hangin out with < PROPFEMALE > La < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Bakker who I haven't seen in like 7 years ! 
I do not need a < PROPMALE > car problem right now 
Well I hope replacing that oil pressure sensor/valve works out . I'd rather not have a car catch on fire again . 
16 mile mtn bike ride , after a weekend full of hiking , biking , camping and all around physical activity . Oh and after a 5 hour flight . WTF is wrong with me 
Feeling a little beat up today after that bike ride and a long day at work 
Why is everything breaking in my life 
Perchance to dream ... 
FML 
Oktoberfest with < PROPFEMALE > McElyea , < PROPMALE > Hilston , < PROPFIRST > Gibson , < PROPFIRST > Bible , and < PROPFIRST > Andersen . Look out Berea . 
What beautiful weather this weekend 
3 day weekend is amazing 
Is it the wind that moves the trees ? 
Current thought : can you have light without darkness ? 
I expected a bit more Mr. Brees 
Pretty incredible . \ 
http://vimeo.com/14821961 
Probably had a bit too much to drink throughout the day . But damn , fun times . Gotta live it up before I die Sunday right ? 
Time for some food 
Chapel in hs . On the news during classes for the rest of the day . #wherewereyou 
And just reserved a copy of Halo Reach . Yup . <=== Dork 
Just one of those \blah\ " kind of nights . Hope I snap out of it by the morning . #ItIsWhatItIs " 
Sometimes it feels like the universe is out of whack ... like a router that needs to be reset . 
Caspian and If These Trees Could Talk @ the Beachland tonight . 
Man . What an awesome show . 
Big Beer Thursday @ < PROPMALE > River Brewing Company with < PROPFIRST > Gibson and < PROPMALE > Jasko . Yeah those were some big beers ... 
Take me back to the ocean\ 
Right before we had to drive away\ 
This is where the summer ends . 
Nothin like some fun times with Halo Reach for some serious relaxation time 
My year and half streak of not getting sick has finally ended . However , still thinking about getting a ride in on the towpath . 
I am here ..... or am I there ? 
Only in our group of friends can I call someone a whore and be greeted with \I miss you guys\ " . WTF is wrong with us haha . " 
You can't < PROPFEMALE > strippers . They've already been < PROPFEMALE > d by life ... and lost . 
Seeing the facebook movie 
Football and < PROPMALE > River brewing later . Great Sunday 
The right choice isn't always the good one . 
3 words : Dinosaurface Lady Gaga 
Loving this new iPod touch 
Maybe that tarot reading was right ... 
I hate school busses 
Well that was certainly one of the more epic Cedar Point trips 
FaceTime is weird . I think I'm too old to get it . 
Maturity is the acknowledgement of the establishment . 
UFC fights with < PROPFIRST > Huszcza and < PROPMALE > Hilston . Fun times for sure 
Dear < PROPMALE > weather : Keep up the good work . 
I'm such a great son ... 
What if man created his own Tree of Knowledge ? 
I was the get away driver for a pink < PROPFEMALE > that broke into a house to get < PROPFEMALE > pong balls . True story . Just sayin 
Is it time for a nap yet ? I can't wait to have a night of doing absolutely nothing .... 
Ibogaine sounds like a lot of fun ... just sayin . 
Annnnd the first snow of the year . Come on Winter , get here already 
Great weekend . Hopefully that doesn't equal shitty Monday . And my favorite quote from the weekend :\ 
\Why do I always have to be the whore ?! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Walzak " 
Beer plus Kinect . I think this is a recipe for win . 
So very tired . 
Wow great night at < PROPMALE > River Brewing Company . You guys are the best ! 
Call me petty but I love seeing assholes from highschool turn into overweight hicks with no life :-) 
This body is but a shadow 
Got my ass kicked by racquetball and < PROPMALE > haha . Gonna be sore tomorrow . Fun times . Resting briefly than out for some fun ! 
Ahh the sounds of the holidays ... oh wait that was just a domestic dispute ... 
So happy to be back in C-Town 
( Enter profound , deep , witty , and/or thoughtful comment here ) 
Kind of glad I stayed home sick today and got to enjoy the snowy weather rather than having to deal with it driving home from work ... 
There is something completely awesome about the total silence snow allows for outside ... 
To all my Ripcho buds , you guys are awesome . 
Bring on the snow ! 
Come on snow lets keep on coming . I'd like another snow day tomorrow 
You only fail\ 
If you never try\ 
You'll never live\ 
Tryin ' not to die . 
So Sprint , you decided to make me a \Premiere\ " customer eh ? Whoopey fu ...... I get new customer pricing on a phone after 12 months rather than 22 ? Oh . Well . Gee thanks :-) " 
Worst . Fortune Cookie . Ever . \ 
\An old broom knows where the dirt is . \ " WTF does that even mean ? " 
Tron 3D ! 
So that was one of the best movies I have ever seen . 
There's so much , so much left to gain\ 
There's so much , so much to lose\ 
You'll never know until you make a move . 
Sprint you never fail me . New phone Tuesday :-) 
Why hello Monday . Lets do this the easy way shall we ? 
How is it almost already Christmas ? 
Grocery store a < PROPFEMALE > bit packed . Btw old man , two carts of groceries plus coupons does not mean you go in the only self checkout line . 
Time for sleep 
My mom is teaching my grandma Facebook using her phone as a modem . My dad just asked if it was using our minutes . Blind leading the blind leading the blind . 
#dinnerstories \ 
#nobodycares 
I so very much want a nap 
Ahh there's the family arguing . Took awhile but now its a true Lohr Christmas 
Pay it forward 2011 : I promise to send something HANDMADE to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . However , to be eligible , you must repost this status , offering the same thing to 5 other people . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . Ready , set , GO ! 
So yeah , racquet ball might not have been the best idea when your body is fighting not to get sick . And clear walls are dangerous . That's def gonna leave a bruise tomorrow . 
< PROPMALE > is going to get gout lupus 
Sledding ! 
Mmm . Starbucks 
I might make it into work in a half hour 
Thank you for all the bday wishes , I'm trying to respond to all of ya and I will succeed ... just not right at this instant :-p 
Well that was one very successful bday . Thank you all who made it out . You guys certainly made it great . 
Racquetball makes me happy :-) 
I forgot how bad Anchorman is 
Today is gonna be a good day 
Love the complete silence and stillness that only winter snow brings 
I < PROPFEMALE > to find that area where truth and belief overlap 
Today was full of those nostalgia moments ; pangs to live those moments again . 
It is waaaay too cold out today . I don't think I'd survive in a colder climate 
I'm thinking a change of scenery is definitely in order . Mountains anyone ? 
You are that which you dare to be 
Aight universe , lets see how else you can make this day one for the record books . I dare ya . 
Aight body , here's the game plan . While I'm sleeping you're gonna kick this cold's ass and I'm gonna feel better tomorrow . Okay ? And ..... BREAK ! 
Coffee at 9pm might have been a mistake . Well , guess I'll get caught up on one of the three books I've been meaning to get back into . 
Courtney : Do you like Jäger or < PROPFEMALE > better ? \ 
Jake : Yes . 
Pretty sure I pinched a nerve in my back . This is rather unpleasant 
Wallet found . Now off for fun and a bike ride to get my head out of this funk . 
I truly do love driving in the snow . Fun times all around . :-) 
Great weekend ahead ! 
Awesome Sundays are my favorite . :-) 
All I have to say is ow . 
Time for a science experiment . How much caffeine does it take < PROPFIRST > to make it through a work day and going to see some awesome bands at the Beachland tonight ? We're at a pot of coffee and a Mtn Dew and counting ... maybe some Red Bull is in order ? 
Show at the Beachland was AWESOME . Have some of the best friends ever :-) 
Today is gonna be a looooong day 
Well , I almost died , but got some amazing pictures in the Metroparks 
So raise your glass 
So . Incredibly . Tired . 
Thanks for dying internet . Guess that's my cue 
My mom : Doesn't matter , when it comes up you get it all done , whether you're ready or not . \ 
TWSS ? 
There may be a lot of things to think about , but absolutely nothing to worry about 
Well inaugural podcast recording I think was definitely a success . Hopefully everyone else enjoys as much as we did making it . 
Time for some only child fun . Staying in , watching some movies , playing some video games , and editing a podcast . Nice to have a day of absolutely nothing :-) 
For all those potential business owners out there , here's a < PROPFEMALE > rule : Do not waste your employees time . 
So very much want to go home 
Snow is fun . Fun in that slow soul killing type of way ... 
The high road is the better road right ? 
How bout we not lose power again , k ? 
