Misses so many people right now ! 

is back from Texas . Missing < PROPFIRST > but excited for the future . 
can't sleep . 
< PROPFIRST > is the best .... fyi :) 
the homework never ends 
CAMERONS HOME !!!!!! 
didn't go to lab today but was able to do it on my own anyways ! yay for awesome search engine skills ! 
Thinks she needs to seriously reconsider her sleep schedule . 
IDK if its because its an all online class schedule , or if its because the classes im taking are really really interesting ... but I am actually really excited for my last semester ! Fingers crossed I can do as good in the classes as I think I can right now :) 
O I hate when < PROPFIRST > leaves :( . 
finally had a GOOD day ! 
What a day ! I feel so grown up .... I think it's the heels :) 
Go to UrbanDictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name as a comment . 
just deleted her myspace . And is surprised how good that felt :) 
If it weren't for the whole \food chain\ " thing I'd say we should make fleas go extinct . " 
Would seriously like to yell at the dummmbbbbbbbb people I get stuck dealing with this week . 
I really need better sleeping habits ! 
Yipes ... last minute papers are the worst idea ever , why do I always end up waiting ? Procrastination wins again ! 
Only 4 more days until ur taxes are due ! And that means 4 more days of me having a job lol . 
Clean house finally ! 
OH how i DID NOT miss the joy of applying for jobs ! O well , at least if I can be aggressive and get something soon I can stop stressing out ! 
LMAO .... if my world could get any stranger I almost want to dare it to because it almost seems impossible at this point . 
sitting in the philadelphia terminal ... leaving cam but going home to my babies .... what a week . 
WOW that was the flight from hell ... bitchy flight attendants , screwed up airline that decided to redirect my flight to LAX midflight for NO REASON ... and here I am stranded in < PROPMALE > for the night . O well ... was hoping for a good nights sleep at home but i guess hotel will do blah . HOME TOMORROW !!!! 
Has quite a lot to get done tomorrow ... yay for caffeine ! 
Awww ... long crappy day . Little sister just got out of surgery from breaking the neck of her femur ... poor baby . she's excited that she gets out of school for a week or so . Shes a champ for sure . 
literally JUST finished college :) 
Not ready to count any chickens , but I do think today was a good day :) 
really wishes she had a BBQ ! 
Is loving the sunshine , but just realized .... its spider season again :( 
Gonna go for a drive , just need to get out of the house :) 
doesn't have anything nice to say , so I suppose I'll say nothing at all . 
I think I can start counting my chickens now :) 
Last week I had to restore my laptop to factory defaults ... a pain in the ass and a lot of time spent w on the phone but done and over right ? NOOO :/ Apparently my power supply whatever is broken , it wont turn on . Sending it in since its covered under warranty EXCEPT i have to pay for shipping n wait for the 7-10 business day for them to fix it , then send it back . O well ... new job ! Can't have it all all the time :) 
A whole day to myself with nothing to do :) . I suppose I'll just relax , maybe a little grocery shopping or gym , unless anyone has a better idea :) lol 
is wide awake :/ 
Tomorrow .... I work ! Chickens offically counted ! 
Wow , I really hope there's a mechanic who will be open tomorrow and can get my car fixed before Monday . Lesson learned ... regular maintence saves in the long run lol . For now , a glass of wine to unwind . 
is having a good , but busy day . 
had a WONDERFUL time at ashleys wedding ! also , had a fantastic time with jenn on her birthday last night , such a fantastic time that i am temporarily phone-less . sorry if i dont txt back :) 
Well I wont go as so far to say this was the worst morning ever , but it was really really really super unpleasant and I'm not gonna lie ... I had a tissy fit . Stupid car . WORK ! 
missing my < PROPFIRST > a whole stinking lot today . 
he's home :) 
really wants sushi right now ... but sadly none for me lol 
wants to be home 
me oh my what a weekend ! thankful for a whole sat/sun with no work ... got a new car tho ! 
i don't think i quite know the word for it ... 
so close to day off i cant stand it ! 
when it rains , it pours . 
pretty sure this day is about as opposite of having a day off as it could possibly be . 8am meeting .... now an 1 hr wait to have a 15 < PROPFEMALE > conversation .... blah . 
blows me away how much , and how fast , someone can completely change . 
is having the best day shes had in a very long time :) 
time for a bbq and a nice night with my guy . so excited to have the next 43.5 hours straight off lol 
Weekend is officially over , back to work :( 
happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
hates when my phone charger hides from me lol 
what to do for my birthday .... what to do ... :) 
Let's play the number game :) send me a message in my inbox . And I'll write about you and post it as my status 
ATTN FRIENDS : Looking for a guy to fill a room in a house , total rent including utilities and cable $395 . In Battle Ground near BGHS . If you , or anyone you know may be interested , msg me ! 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately .... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world 
As much as I hated learning Excel for my research/stats classes , it sure is helpful when organizing finances ! 
Kind of fun -- \ 
\ 
Dear FB friends , \ 
Comment on this status . Tell me about how you met me , but I want you to LIE . That's right . Just make it up ... BE CREATIVE , DEAR FRIENDS !! After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same ... 
What an amazing feeling to know that ur finally walking on the right path :) 
I think this is the first time ive ever gone to work at midnight , and it feels verryyy strange lol . 
