wishes every one good fortune for 2010 ! 

Sweet 16 part 2 , spa day today . 
a long weekend and lots of sunshine ... that's what I'm talking about . 
I am going to the spa ... 
is trying to decide when to do the next karate belt test ... 
Facebook Experiment : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , POST A COMMENT with a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph into your own status update and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you ... 
Everyone always tells you to gage your job by how much you enjoy the environment you work in ... I am screwed . 
Enjoying the long weekend , doing some much needed nothing ! :) 
Starting our belt test tomorrow . This is the third karate belt for us and the kids . ;) 
LOVED the weather today , I wish it could be that nice every day ! 
My second baby is 18 today . 
Headed to the gym to let go of some stress ! 
its COLD !!! There's just something about living in a state that gets so cold the weather guy doesn't have a color for it on his map that I don't love ... 
Bronchitis UGH 
finally I am starting to feel better . 
Working weekends is never fun , but at least its over for now . 
Off to watch Scrubs ! 
It's going to be cold today ! 
At least when its cold like today a good warm meal is appreciated . 
I am seriously enjoying not being at work ! :) 
I am officially on vacation ! woohoo !!! 
If I get any lazier , I think I will stop moving . :) Isn't vacation great ? 
Somehow I got roped into making 7 pies !!! Good thing I like to bake ! :) Hey < PROPFEMALE > , you should come help me ! 
Getting ready to go back to work tomorrow . 
Its so cold ... brrr ! 
Christmas cookies ... YUM ! 
Gets to do a few of my favorite things ! 
Ok , I have to pass this on from a friend ..... this made me laugh !! Call the Nestle Crunch Hot line at 1-800-295-0051 . When you are asked if you want to continue in English or Spanish , just wait quietly for about 10 seconds & you will smile . Keep listening ... press 4 & listen to the options .... ( if you comment ... on this after listening , please don't give away the surprise ) 
Is sooo blessed and ready to spread some Christmas cheer and hope for a great New Year ! 
had a really nice time at our company Christmas party last night ! 
I really wish I had something clever to say ... hmm , instead I hope you are all well and having the time of your lives ! 
New year , new profile ... why not . 
All work and no play makes < PROPFEMALE > a dull girl . 
Going to Barstow in March ... 
Today was fabulous ! :) 
I miss friend time , but I did have fun with my girls this weekend . 
I have not missed the snow the last few weeks , but it is January . 
My toes are done ... sleepy sleepy time . :) 
I used to think I didn't understand men < insert not surprised look > , but now I am starting to think its people in general . < insert growl here > 
is really glad its Friday and I am done with work ! Time to have some fun !!! 
I was really hoping Duff would win Iron Chef < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am soooo glad it is Friday . All my girls are home and looking to goof off together . These are always good weekends . <3 
Anxious for vacation ! I want to GO GO GO !! :) 
What a great day to not have to be at work on time . :) 
3 days ... Only 3 more days ... 
6\ of snow in two hours ... this is why people don't come to Colorado for Spring Break !!! " 
one more day ... I so can't wait to go on vacation :) 
packing ... packing ... packing ... smiling ... packing ... 
So good to see everyone ... boy am I tired . :) 
Having soooo much fun !! The birthday party was GREAT !! 
Getting in the hot tub :) 
What a nice visit ! 
So here we are planning a whole day at the Grand Canyon ... the forcast is 40 degrees with snow and wind . :( BOO GRAND CANYON !!! 
Finally home after a long and very fun trip . 
Happy Easter everyone !! 
I GOT A NEW JOB !!! WOOHOO !!! 
If you are going to tell everyone that you are following God you should really make sure that you aren't acting like an absolute jerk to the very people who care about you ... That is NOT how God leads or behaves ! 
Enjoying the sunshine !! 
We have spent all weekend outside . It has been < PROPFEMALE > and beautiful ... a much needed spring weekend !!! 
spent all day shopping with my girl . I am exhausted but it was great to spend the time with her ! 
Do you ever just wake up and realize how much you hate your life ? 
Ahhhh , the last day that I will be my job long enough to actually do anything . I am glad this time is almost done . New job on Monday YIPPEE !! 
Enjoyed Avatar last night . 
my life would suck without you 
All of the prom girls are soooo BEAUTIFUL tonight ! So glad I got to see them all !! 
Please don't call me during the day , I won't talk about this at work . Your prayers are appreciated . 
Thank you all so much for your prayers . Though I cannot share details at this time , I can tell you that your prayers have held us up through the darkest storm of our life ever . The blessings that are happening are unimaginable ! GREAT IS OUR GOD !!! We have a long road ahead , but it is indeed a blessed one . God is with us . <3 
Just found out that a lot of my personal info is on this new website spokeo.com . If you want to be creeped out - go look up your name and see how much of your personal info is available on this site . You can remove your listing - find yourself , go to privacy and follow the instructions . 
HE is with me , HE leads and guides me . HE comforts me . I have walked the valley - you are NOT alone . <3 
is duck sitting < PROPFEMALE > and Danger . 
Getting ready for graduation , making cake , cleaning , visiting with family . I'm really looking forward to the long weekend too . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s graduation cakes came out really cute , she really likes them ... and they smell WONDERFUL ... all that chocolate . YUM !! 
my baby graduated on Saturday and got a job today . SO PROUD !!! 
90 degrees for the 3rd day in a row ... lovin it ! 
Finally a weekend that I'm not working . 
Seeing the specialist for < PROPFEMALE>'s knee at 2:30 ... they have already mentioned surgery . :( 
Swelling is going down and she if finally feeling better . More tests , MRI in a few days . 
I can see < PROPFEMALE>'s kneecap !! It's the simple things in life sometimes ... it's turning green though , like pickles ... 
haha Leaving Barstow is on HBO 
is taking < PROPFEMALE > to her MRI ... and she is \walking \"." 
don't waste your time on me , you're already the voice inside my head ... 
is so thankful for so many good friends and their kind words . You are awesome and mean so much to us !!! 
They say what doesn't kill you only makes you stronger ... but sometimes that strength comes after a little something inside dies . 
swimming in the pool then grilling brats with family ... life is good . :) 
this has been a very nice weekend . :) 
Three beautiful summer days to spend doing the things I enjoy . It's like a mini vacation . 
I haven't taken the day off for my bearthday in a long time ... its nice to remember how to relax and enjoy being alive . <3 
Thank you everyone , my birthday was great ! :) 
Things that really piss me off : People who butt in and act like they know everything about you when they really HAVE NO CLUE AT ALL . Stop pretending like you know what's best for anyone when you don't! 
It was good to see my happy family today . Love you ! 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live ... REPOST this if you are lucky enough to have atleast one friend like this ....... 
Happy August already ... can you believe it ? 
Draining days and sleepless nights 
Ready for a long weekend . 
Had a good time hiking with my hubby and my dog . :) 
Young love ... watching the kids trying to get their Sims to fall for eachother ... sweet memories of things me and < PROPMALE > used to do ! :) 
< PROPFIRST > 5:8 \ 
8 You also , be patient . Establish your hearts , for the coming of the Lord is at hand . #Bible http://j.mp/98VVIg 
< PROPFIRST > 22:37 -39 \ 
37 And he said to him , You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind . 38 This is the great and first commandment . 39 And a second is like it : You shall love your neighbor as yourself . #Bible http://j.mp/cX88nN 
Mmmmmm ..... spoonbenders\ 
..... 
Colorado state fair , what a beautiful day ! 
Stop blaming others for where you are in life , its the trait of a successful person to just work through it . 
Sometimes all it takes to narrow the distance between two people is compassion . 
< PROPFIRST > 6:35 \ 
35 Jesus said to them , I am the bread of life ; whoever comes to me shall not hunger , and whoever believes in me shall never thirst . #Bible http://j.mp/cIW08Y 
Annie : we went on a metropolitan hike today . \ 
Love her ! 
You did WHAT with WHO for HOW many cookes ??? 
has a headache :( 
hmmmm .... cake for < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ... 
Philippians 4:8 \ 
8 Finally , brothers , whatever is true , whatever is honorable , whatever is just , whatever is pure , whatever is lovely , whatever is commendable , if there is any excellence , if there is anything worthy of praise , think about these things . #Bible http://j.mp/cQvVbL 
Broken I run to You , For Your arms are open wide , I am weary but I know Your touch\ 
Restores my life , So I wait for You 
God's grace and direction are so refreshing . 
ahhhh ... Friday :) Have a great day everyone ! 
I am so amazed at how other people see the world . You should stop talking when you don't know what you are talking about ! 
What you think paves the way for what you do and what ultimately happens in your life . You can change your < PROPFEMALE > just by changing your mind . 
Spent the day at < PROPMALE>'s Jujitsu tournament . Good job < PROPMALE > ! 
Great time at dinner tonight ! 
Done with work and finally ready to relax ... ahhhhh . :) 
What was the last thing someone did for you that really touched your heart ? 
Galatians 6:1 \ 
6:1 Brothers , if anyone is caught in any transgression , you who are spiritual should restore him in a spirit of gentleness . Keep watch on yourself , lest you too be tempted . #Bible http://j.mp/cb3akQ 
1 Corinthians 13:7 -8 \ 
7 Love bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things . \ 
8 Love never ends . As for prophecies , they will pass away ; as for tongues , they will cease ; as for knowledge , it will pass away . #Bible http://j.mp/deARtA 
The way to have a friend is to be one . 
Fridays are best when you don't have to work the weekend . 
1 Corinthians 2:9 \ 
9 But , as it is written , \ 
What no eye has seen , nor ear heard , nor the heart of man imagined , what God has prepared for those who love him . . . . #Bible http://j.mp/byQK84 
Baked potato soup at Panera Bread ... mmmmmm 
77 degrees , beautiful day to spend tooling around town with my sweetheart . 
And back to the gym ... 
• *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ??. • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if\ 
you have the most Beautiful DAUGHTER in the world • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* \ 
• . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* · 
It is not too early to have Christmas spirit ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
2 Corinthians 5:17 \ 
17 Therefore , if anyone is in Christ , he is a new creation . The old has passed away ; behold , the new has come . #Bible http://j.mp/bNbrhI 
Shopping with my family , we had a great time and it really wasn't even all that busy . Great day !! 
O Christmas tree , O Christmas tree , today we will find thee ... :) 
I need to replace a window in my living room , anyone have some advice ? 
Facebook , I really do not like what you have done to my profile . I can't see ANYTHING and my screen scrolls FOREVER . PLEASE FIX IT ! 
Have a fantastic Friday everyone ! 
Few things feel better than starting a long vacation ... 
Had a good time watching < PROPMALE > Potter last night and eating sushi . ;) 
A day that started horrible and ended fantastic . I'm not big on roller coaster days , but if I had to pick , this is the way I would prefer . 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! While we all open gifts this morning I hope we remember the greatest gift of all ! 
Surprisingly green chili pizza is really not bad ... 
Dinner for Schmucks - really funny 
Proverbs 14:30 \ 
30 A tranquil heart gives life to the flesh , but envy makes the bones rot . #Bible http://j.mp/dZ7r7Z 
< PROPFEMALE > gets a new ACL today ! 
Surgery went well and we are finally home . Only the acl needed repair . She is in a lot of pain but glad to be home . 
Beautiful day to just be outside with people I love . 
Try as I might to be a better person , all I do is fail . 
When you feel really depressed , I just want you to remember this : your dog is house trained . :( 
Winter winter go away ! 
Hold on to your hat Toto ! I don't want to go to Kansas !! 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friends list ? Here is a task for you ... I want everyone on my FB friend list to comment on this and tell how we met ... then copy and paste this on your status if your ready to get rid of the strangers . 
OMG she is getting soooo BIG !!! 
We're dancin like we're dumb dumb du-du-dumb 
For those of you who don't know , my step dad has been fighting cancer , now the doctors give him 3-6 months . To those who pray , please d0 . They have been married almost 20 years and both are 70 years old . Not only are we praying for his recovery , but also for my mom to be strong and that God will comfort them both . God knows their needs before they do and has been with them all along . Thank you . 
35 Jesus said to them , I am the bread of life ; whoever comes to me shall not hunger , and whoever believes in me shall never thirst . 
So I did it ... I broke down and read Twilight . 
Exodus 14:14 \ 
14 The Lord will fight for you , and you have only to be silent . 
If you ever loved somebody put your hands up ... 
Papa Johns ... New Moon ... good way to end a really good week . ;) 
Psalm 27:14 \ 
14 Wait for the Lord ; be strong , and let your heart take courage ; wait for the Lord ! 
Why am I awake right now ? Arg !!!!!! 
While I don't like going to weddings , it is nice to see some good friends ! 
While you scream at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper in her ear . While you humiliate , offend , and insult her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how beautiful she is . While you hurt her , there's a man wishing he could take her pain away . While you make her cry , there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you are against Domestic Violence & Mental Abuse 
Now I remember why I gave up reading non-technical books ... 
I'm gonna give all my secrets away 
< PROPFIRST > ! Come back ! :) 
Sooooooo cold ! 
When the night has come and the land is dark and the < PROPFEMALE > is the only light we see ... 
On to Eclipse ... definitely team Edward ... all - the - way . 
If its 30 below outside , there is a 100 degree difference between inside and outside ... remind me again why I would go outside ??? Weatherman says this is the coldest air we have had in 14 years . 
Crushed 
The only way to get to a new beginning is to have an ending . 
The wind is back , the snow is falling and so are the temps . Why couldn't this have been here for Christmas instead ??? 
Look at the stars and how they shine for you 
Yippee ! It's my song ! \Jennie don't change your number 8675309 \"" 
I hear that the school districts are already looking to call a snow day tomorrow . Guess that means we won't get a blizzard after all ... 
Need ... motivation ... 
I was told yesterday that I am like a modern day < PROPFIRST > of Ark ... is that a bad thing ? 
When did \bucketize\ " become proper english ? " 
Some things can only be cured with bubbles ... 
I'm not crazy I'm just a little unwell 
Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul 
So ... if I really liked the Twilight series ... what else will I like ? 
Heard a jazz rendition of Amazing Grace ... that was COOL ! 
Romans 13:10 \ 
10 Love does no wrong to a neighbor ; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law . 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn , well that's alright because I like the way it hurts . 
For those who have been praying for my step-dad in hospice , Thank you ! He is walking , driving , and acting like himself . I am always so excited to see him being a miracle and a testimony to all of us . He insists on staying here on this earth and I for one and glad ! 
Tonight I'll dream in my bed while silly thoughts run through my head ... 
Mmmm ... watermelon jolly ranchers 
Thanks facebook for deciding that I didn't want to see everyone's posts ! At the bottom of the news feed check edit options ... the default setting is to see only the friends you interact with and not everyone ! 
< PROPFIRST > 5:24 \ 
24 Truly , truly , I say to you , whoever hears my word and believes him who sent me has eternal life . He does not come into judgment , but has passed from death to life . 
Everybody wants to love everybody wants to be loved 
I love the ginormous shining < PROPFEMALE > on the pastel horizon . So pretty ! 
We saw an accident happen on the way home ... horrible ! 
Dear Mag , I hate you . Please do not put out anymore games . 
Don't waste your time on me you're already the voice inside my head 
Jesus got to smile today when he saw my step dad's face . 
Philippians 4:13 \ 
13 I can do all things through him who strengthens me . 
When you smile the whole world stops and stares for a while . 
I just ran , I ran so far away 
Working Saturdays sucks 
Don't be a drag just be a < PROPFEMALE > . 
I was ok ... now I want to be ok-er 
Leaving for CA Thursday morning eaaaaarrrrly . Or Wednesday after work ... 
Arizona has such beautiful sunsets . 
Oh SoCal ... why do I love you so ? 
I feel like my family just trippled in size . And its good ! 
Dear friends at home , it is 60 degrees and < PROPFEMALE > here ... I'll enjoy it for you . :) 
Saw the new < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movie ... it was cute . 
The worst part about leaving colorado is coming back . 
Ahhhh .... 82 degrees :D 
Philippians 2:3 \ 
3 Do nothing from rivalry or conceit , but in humility count others more significant than yourselves . 
Solitude is necessary for intimacy and is where the Lord heals our wounds . Jesus said don't worry about tomm , we'll take care of that when it arrives . A prayerless life is the documentation of our pride and indication of our arrogance & independence . Thinking , worrying and talking about our problems is not prayer . Stay long enough in His Presence to be broken , healed and renewed . James 4:8 \ 
~ Pastor < PROPFIRST > Cowart 
< PROPFIRST > 6:14 -15 \ 
14 For if you forgive others their trespasses , your heavenly Father will also forgive you , 15 but if you do not forgive others their trespasses , neither will your Father forgive your trespasses . 
ALL women are angels ... And when someone breaks our wings - we simply continue to fly ... On a broomstick ... We are flexible like that ... Keep posting this girls :) 
17 Therefore , if anyone is in Christ , he is a new creation . The old has passed away ; behold , the new has come . 
Proverbs 18:24 \ 
24 A man of many companions may come to ruin , but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother . 
