I can't believe I joined this place ... 

I find a strange bead , and what comes on ? The Little Mermaid song : Part of Your World xD 
i have officially survived orientation with only 3 hours of sleep xD and you know what I got for it ? A 500 pg catalog of classes , a bag , and pretty pen xD The pen's my favorite ;] 
wishing my tragedy story could be made less tragic , but that is proving itself to be close to impossible 
desperately trying to figure out that word that means you take someone else's finished product/invention and try to build your own ... 
wishing it would suddenly start to snow around my house , life would be so much cooler 
emptied two boxes of books down in San < PROPMALE > to come back up to LA to book more books in them ... and then I forget the boxes ... ;[ 
i can drive ! ... and I haven't crashed the car yet xD 
might be addicted to that danged zombie application thing >.> yes , actually I think I am o.o 
put together my brand new office chair . Yes that's right , the expensive comfy ones in nice offices and such >.> and now it's mine for all and forever ( forever ending when the chair breaks beyond repair ) 
just finished putting my desk together took me 3.5 hours ;] 
You know , I miss those old horror movies where the bad guy wins 
survived comic con , and its HUGE o.o the dealers hall must've been a mile long !!! 
Now that I have one Xenomorph , I feel like I should get nine more , a Predator , and a giant pyramid ... and possibily AVPR ( finally ) 
survived another driving round in La Verne , and then went shopping , and then had In-n-Out ( which still isn't very in-n-out-ish >.>) 
and back down to Sand < PROPMALE > I go ! 
is obsessively watching Stargate Atlantis 
has finished Stargate Atlantis marathon . Fun times xP now onto psych , dollhouse , and Avatar xD ... one day I'll get through all of them ... ;] 
I was cleaning my room ... and then my computer distracted me > < 
w00t ! the floor is ... mostly cleared ... kinda 
finally in Pomona again !!! 
suddenly wants cookie dough ... 
I wanna watch an old horror movie , like A Nightmare on Elm Street or Friday the 13th ... I'd settle for Child's Play and dolls scare me t-t 
went driving again , and convinced mom to let me drive home ;] ... she was slightly freaking out xD 
finds Child's Play not so scary ... but will definitely continue life as before : avoid dolls ... >.> 
I want Stargate Universe to start already !!!!! D; 
thinks < PROPMALE > vs . < PROPFIRST > was an epic battle 
convinced someone I never into reading sci-fi with only a few paragraphs of my story o.o 
thinks Repo was so awesome awesome can't describe how awesome it was 
lost a contact ... hope the new ones get here soon ^^ ;; 
finally has cleaned her room to the point where nothing needless is on the floor ... or at least in the middle of it >.> 
coolest crossover dream ever : Stargate Atlantis and Aliens . 
uploaded the first story of Destruction of Life of DA in five parts ! now for the other 6 stories xD 
had random flashback to Potter Puppet Pals : So do I , Orange One , So do I .... 
was so bored , she spent the last two hours sharpening colored pencils and sorting them by hit in a drawer ... 
apparently my dream guy is a Gaara cosplayer >.> 
when you get out of the shower and the mirror isn't even foggy , you know it's got to be hot outside 
went to SDSU , meet a guy named < PROPFIRST > who helped me find all my classes , and then wondered the SDSU bookstore , discovered it had a manga section underneath the sci-fi books ( nothing fancy , but it was there ) , and then I got my books and made my way home . 
starts college tomorrow , and doesn't know if I should be happy , or annoyed that I have to start getting up before 10 am again ... 
went to college today . It was awesome . My RWS ( english100 ) teacher is british . My Japanese teacher is hot . My math teacher is awesome ( he requested that if we wanted to by him something we buy him scotch xD ) ... and I got a new phone ! yippee !!!!! 
just changed her language on Facebook to Pirate . I'm never going back . 
must protect < PROPFEMALE > december of 2012 to keep the world from ending . We must protect her ! Join us ! 
wishes her cool friends would text her random things . 
now owns Repo ! The Genetic Opera . That's right , be envious ! Be Envious ! 
is to lazy to do the things she needs to do 
( insert interesting comment/life experience here ) 
is sad now that Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicles is over ... but is still confused >.> 
should really do her japanese homework , but that involves thinking , and will therefore be put off until midnight . 
so three years after it's cancellation , they're actually going to turn the end of Inuyasha into an Anime . With luck , it won't run for another 7 seasons >.> 
is now all alone in San < PROPMALE > for two weeks . 
3 
has to go to school , pretend to understand things in Japanese , and then take a Math test , then write an essay , memorize a japanese script , study for a Japanese midterm , and somehow try to finish Dem's gift >.> I need a TARDIS 
has to finish her essay , study like made for Japanese Lesson 3 test and Midterm , and finish Dem's gift ... * sigh * ... at least it's a shorter list now 
RWS got cancelled !!!! I now have the weekend to finish my essay . Thank God for small favors ! 
Just bought Hocus Pocus , Secret Window , and Deep Blue Sea . So excited x ] 
had a dream about world war three being fought in Wal-mart with Nerf guns against zombies . It was epic . 
' s reaction to FMA chapter 100 : o_o 
misses 12 hours of uninterrupted sleep on weekends 
' s amtrack ticket expires in a year . Isn't that strange ? 
now owns the new Relient K CD !!!!! w00t 
was up until 2:30 finishing Dem's present . I went to sleep , thinking the cats would wake me up at 6 to be fed , so I set my alarm to 6 . At 7:40 I woke up to a text from < PROPFEMALE > . My cats and all three of my alarms hadn't woken me up at 6 . Because of her text I didn't miss my bus , or miss class , and will therefore get full marks on my essay . God's been really generous with small favors lately . 
waking up at 6 after going to bed at 2:30 works much better if your alarm clock is your mom . I missed them :] 
wants to go see Paranormal Activity 
is going to see Paranormal Activity . Wish me Nightmares ! 
is working on Elemental Crystals again . One day I'll finish the book ... one day . 
had a dream that I finished Elemental Crystals and the world began to end . My first thought/complaint/worry ? \Now I'm never going to get published ... \"" 
now owns a nerf gun . I officially feel like a college student x ] 
has to learn katana in two days > < 
Elemental Crystals Book 1 is now over 200 pages long !!!! w00t ! I is excited . Now must learn Katana by 12:30 tomorrow >.> gah 
compares Phoenix Rising ( 1st version ): 28 chapters ; 106 pages ; 55,384 words 6 years later Phoenix Rising ( 4th and final version ): 36 chapter ; 209 pages ; 118,743 
japanese version of the grudge , so much better then stupid american version 
thinks that the japanese version of One Missed Call has one of the most bizarre endings ever written . 
appreciates naps 
is now officially registered for AX'10 and ALA'10 
decided to put pictures of friends on DA due to boredom ... and due to that same boredom , I'm putting them up here xD 
is sad that the Greatest Sequence of All Time is too big to put on facebook :( to see it , so to my DA X ] 
doesn't want to write the essay she needs to write , but has to , and therefore will . 
IT'S FRIDAY THE THIRTEENTH !!!!!!!!!!! 
just watched SGU episode : Time and now I'm going to watch it again . any doubts from before of this new series have all been erased x ] 
when you live in a world of make believe , reality can hit you like a bulldozer 
annoying : when you finally get to the part of the story you've been waiting to write since you thought up the plotline , but you can't keep your eyes open to do it justice > < 
when having a word limit in an essay , one should always type using contractions , therefore , when you've run out things to say , you correct your contractions and bam , you don't have to BS as much x ] 
Self destructive : getting to the climax of the story at 1 o'clock sunday night , and knowing you have to go to sleep , but refusing to do so . 
The Facebook Trick - Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter Key , then right click . Then press Up then Down & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > . IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! would you look at that ... 
buuuuuuuuuuuuulllllllllaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh 
wonders what life would be like if we evolved from turtles 
doesn't have a third place D; 
panic of the day : mom left the front door open and the cat got out > < 
why is it that my writing the best the day before the paper is do and not when I actually wanted to get it down ? 
kuroshitsuji updated !!! 
wonders how people would know if the sky was falling if the sky is just a bunch of gas ... 
is up in La Verne until saturday afternoon ( maybe sunday ) and wants to get to see people she never sees ! contact me ;] 
is writing 
Has an ' A ' in Japanese111 and has no idea how 
wants the semester to be over . now . 
gets all the way to school only to learn that her conferences have been cancelled and moved to wednesday > < I could have slept for two more hours !!!!! 
wrote another oneshot ! xD and it's depressing , how about that ? >.> 
\There are mashed potatoes in my french fries !!!!!! \"" 
just learned that she has to wait until APRIL for the second half of SGU !!!! D; 
Decided to walk home instead of waiting for the bus , and got completely soaked . I have no regrets x ] 
it's so < PROPFEMALE > right now , that the rain hits my window vertically o.o 
cleaned her room . So if the world ends , you know who to blame xP 
found out today that ' < PROPFEMALE>' means ' the place covered with snow ' . weird ... 
has japanese oral exam today . No speaking english . Have to comprehend everything . Didn't have time to study . Soooooo screwed . 
someone got shot at the liquer store by my bus stop ! shooter is still loose . o.o 
was looking up dumb laws and discovered it is a law in < PROPFEMALE > that one must be intelligent to go to college . 
been watching the Addams Family . Gotta love that show x ] 
is alive 
wants to be up in LA so she can < PROPFEMALE > out with friends before christmas . 
last final of the semester ! yay !!!! 
has run out of things to do now that she had nothing to procrastinate ... 
Why are they called ' apartments ' if they're so close together ? 
it's official : Tiger has realized that if he turns on my radio I have to get up and turn it off . Which would be fine ... if I had to get up -_- but this is ridiculous . I don't want to wake up at 7:15 anymore ! 
does not miss school 
is bored . bored . and a little more bored 
And lo , though I travel through the valley of the archetypes , I shall fear no evil , for I know that the author can't kill me off for at least another 150 pages , no matter how stupid or trite I become , or he ruins the book . -- Chuq < PROPMALE > Rospach , 
Avatar = Epic 
' s iPod is gone . Some lucky fool with no Christmas spirit now has all of Relient K , Switchfoot , < PROPFIRST > Chapin Carpenter , Repo !, and much , much more , and I want it back ;[ 
saw Sherlock Holmes . cool movie x ] 
situation : I ended up needing to do a research paper in two days . So I do one , just so I can turn something in , since I only need 20 more points to get a B in the class . It was crappiest paper I have ever written on purpose , and it will probably be the only one . And I'm serious what I say this thing was complete bull shit . \ 
question : how does said paper receive a B ? 
watched < PROPFEMALE > Trek ' 09 again , and you know ? Still kickass the nth time ' round x ] 
just watched a movie called ' Ink ' and it's probably the greatest movie not to get picked up by main stream cinema . If you have 2 hrs to kill go to hulu.com and watch this movie . 
registered for classes , ordered my books , and now all I have to worry about is ALA . Good morning . 
is a day ahead of herself 
ALA is TOMORROW !!!!! 
has only 50 minutes to go before running off to ALA ! Yippy !!!!! ( And < PROPFEMALE > , I woke up at 7 . 7 !!!! ) 
back from ALA with a big fluffy Turtle named Lionturtle . ish happay x ] yes happay 
drove down to San < PROPMALE > and DIDN'T die in a horrible bloody and firey death . Be Proud ;] 
is estactic that someone actually took interest in DoL AND reviews . Not too many people like exist anymore .... 
* points * LOOKS THERE'S A MONSTER IN YOUR CLOSET !!!!!!!! 
buahahahahahaha , I have fudge x ] 
watched The End of Time pt 1&2 again . So sad . T_T Poor Tenth . RIP 
decided the best way to starve boredom is by writing something random and entertaining . 
took a walk in the rain , and decided the word doesn't fit as well as these : downpour without mercy ... 
its midnight . It's raining . It's thundering . It's lightning ... ing ... and we have hail . HAIL . in San < PROPMALE > ... I'll never get to sleep . 
* insert thoughtful thoughts here * 
will be 19 in 17 days ... 
drove in hail ... an intersting exprience 
is turning 19 this friday 
has two days until her 19th 
just walked to the kitchen , got a mug , and walked back to my bedroom without getting chocolate milk ... I'm turning 19 in a few hours and my mind's already going ... oh dear . 
asks you this : If I wasn't a writer , and lacked my imagination , who do you think I would be ? 
IT'S RAINING !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
went clothes shopping ( no , not for t-shirts , as shocking as that might sound ) ... actually that statement it just kinda strange for me to say isn't it xD 
Mr. Flibble is VERY cross . 
thinks essay questions about literature should come with their own < PROPFEMALE > Stone 
has begun to think that the term ' English < PROPMALE>' just means you're a part of a giant book club 
now has new converse and a pair of Doc Martens ;} 
finally figured out how to use her wireless scanner ! 
Is it sad that I can't come up with a simple summary for the my book : Phoenix Rising ? 
wishes you all a happy pie day ! 
got a haircut yesterday , and a new journal to write in . Happy days :] 
I took pictures of my new haircut , and didn't like any of them , so you'll just have to suffer 
An hour of thought and revision later , I have an introparagraph to my essay . Why can't my thoughts arrange themselves of paper without my help ? 
just saw the < PROPFEMALE > and the Frog . Cute movie . 
Just sent the first 8 chapters of Phoenix Rising to a literary agent o-o 
naps are nice 
why do my iPods hate me ? 
has a random , but completely serious question : what would a T-Rex do if it had a mosquito bite ? 
was totally going to do something ... and then I completely forgot 
practicing procrastination continuously is tiring work . 
has been home for a little over 4 hours and all the things I told myself I would do immediately when I got home ... aren't done 
SPRING BREAK !!!!!! 
So , my day started out like this : pack for spring break , and go up to Pomona at 1:35 . That's how it started . Half an hour from home , we get a flat , and we can't call AAA because of someone forgetting her wallet . So ! We change the tire and turn back around . Get the wallet . Go to Walmart . It's 6 . We spend an hour there . 7 we leave . 9:15 we arrive back home . 1:35 to 9:15 . Someone else do the math . 
day one of Spring Vacation : peacefully uneventful 
another day of sweet sweet noneventfulness , and a marathon of So Weird . Good lazy day . 
you know how I was talking about things being uneventful ? Yeah . Scratch that . 
The one I really miss about high school : your teachers couldn't e-mail you homework 
EARTHQUAKE !!!!! 
is completely convinced that < PROPMALE > Smith can be the Doctor . 
took Dad to the hospital this morning at 4 . Everything's okay , though <3 
Ponyo ? Adorable . 
Powerpoint for RWS200 started at 11am . Break for class from 12:30 to 2:40 . Return to powerpoint . break from poetry reading at 5:15 . Get home at 7:30 . return to powerpoint at 8 . Powerpoint finally finished 11:10 pm . It better be damn good . 
annoyed is when we try to go to bed at 12 , end up being awake until 1:30 , waking up 3 because yours cats are stupid , and being awake until 3:30 , and then being woken up by the cats again at 6 and not being able to sleep again for more then 10 minutes at a time until 8 arrives and you HAVE to get up -_- 
Today , it rained . 
is thinking about minoring in history . comments anyone ? 
the most depressing thing in the world is picking up your cup and realizing it's empty , and then doing the same thing five minutes later 
eating my mom's deliciousy amazing homemade pizza . BE ENVIOUS 
apparently my email account agrees with my psyche that school should have ended last week , because it's been putting all the emails from my teachers in my junk box 
got out of a final early to enjoy lunch , only to realize that I left my wallet at home . 
finally made it passed the soul society arch in Bleach . Now the ultimate question will I get invested in the next ? 
to all those who watch Doctor Who : < PROPFIRST > no !!!!!!! T^T 
note to all cat owners : picking up an angry cat is NOT the best idea in the world . Why didn't I use this common sense ? Good question ! Answer : i'm an idiot . Nough said 
wants new music . Send me something . 
and Torchwood gets a fourth season !!!!!! WOOOOOOOOT !!!! 
and so Fullmetal Alchemist comes to a close , and it had a very good run x ] I will miss it dearly . 
loves the \this is fiction\ " claim at the end of Durarara ! " 
the writing process : 1 ) be inspired for a story with a complex plot that you can remember . 2 ) \ 
realize your idea of \complex\ " is a lightweight version of the characters ' idea of \ " complex\ " . 3 ) \ 
tonight I realized I lack ambition . 
saw The Last Airbender ... soooo disappointing . 
came home from AX after being awake 26 hours . Crashed , and now it's 3AM and I'm completely awake ... Ah , life , how you like to turn my world upside down . 
has returned to San < PROPMALE > . 
needs a new home < PROPFEMALE > . Any suggestions ? 
the funniest description of The Last Airbender : \It's an absurdist masterpiece 
keeping up with the joke that facebook gets flooded with statuses screaming \earthquake\ " after an earthquake : 5.4 EARTHQUAKE !!!! " 
has a sudden urge to rewrite Doors . 
scratch that : it's no longer an urge . Doors is being rewritten . 
sheesh , the more I rewrite of Doors , the more I want to rewrite Alastair's and Mazarine's story * sigh * 
I just realized that I don't use the right shift key for anything other than punctuation >.> 
now has pinball again . SOOOOOO HAPPY !!! 
pinball is a dangerously addicting game 
now has to get 8.3 million on pinball to even make it to the top 5 > < 
got 13,993,500 on pinball !!!! woooooo !!!! 
new pinball high score : 14,241,500 . Now my only problem is that to get onto the top five I have to get over 10 million . >.> 
going to get all 4 wisdom teeth removed at 3pm today . I'm really not looking forward to this ... 
wisdom teeth are OUT !!!! and it wasn't as horrific as people thought it would be 
dude ! it's Friday the 13th !!!! 
you think it would be easy to have a < PROPMALE > character , they're just like everyone else , only they have a bigger house ... And then , even though it's not even really big for the story , you find out you have to draw floor plans of the mansion so you know where everything is ... Zalmon is turning into a trouble character . The idiot just had to make writing this story a lot more complicated ... grrr ... 
Long day , and but I refuse to nap , because I'm me . and naps take away my nighttime .... \ 
Don't ask me why . 
meh . screw being productive . I'm putting in the first movie my hand touches and zoning out . Lovely zoning out time . That's what I'm taking . 
it's just one of those days where you don't want to do anything where you have to think . Which means no writing . Which means pinball but no minesweeper . Good day to read < PROPFEMALE > and Clover and watch Avatar . Sounds like a plan * lazy thumbs up * 
some days , I wish certain chapters would just write themselves . Then at least , I could be like the Doctor and skip all the little days . Well ... if days equaled chapters and chapters wrote themselves while I was away ... * continues long , spiral-like explanation and runs out of word room * Yeah ... 
first day of classes tomorrow . I would be excited , but I have to get up at 7 -_- 
day one : complete . Now I just have to survive until December 17th . 
on the second day of school , my schedule gave to me one 9:30 - 12:10 lab class . shot me now 
. \ 
Dear Summer , \ 
I miss you , please come back . \ 
Your Friend , < PROPFIRST > 
I'm really liking having only Japanese on Thursday . It's nice . REALLY nice . 
buahahahahahahahahahaha Pinball HighScore : 24,273,250 !!!!! Take that universe ! 
first friday of school : all homework completed ; all study material created ... Lets hope this will be the case next week . 
you know you're bored when you watch the pinball demo game , and insist on arguing with the computer about how to play to the game . 
woke up late , and then my printer grows a pair and refuses to print out the friggen document I need . NOT a happy morning . 
five am and my cats decide that pissing off the cat out the window is a good idea . And while I get the whole territorial idea , I do prefer not to wake up to something that sounds like a high-pitch version of an angry tiger . 
I find it fascinating that even though only two individuals form a species are in my story , I'm compelled to write up the history and culture of their people anyway . Interesting . I blame humon . 
after playing many a game of pinball , I've decided it's homicidal toward captains . It doesn't matter that you've almost completed your third mission as Captain , it will kill you , the first < PROPMALE > it gets . This maliciousness is hindering my efforts at promotion t-t 
today was a good day . But for some reason I can't stop yawning t-t . Gonna watch Toy Story and Aristocats tonight :) 
home alone for a week !!! 
MIDNIGHT !!!!! 
caught a cold . feel lousy . Really tempted to ditch classes and go back to sleep . 
went to school only to find out my 10 am professor has a bad memory , and I had to cancel class . I could have slept in T_T 
i hate the Common Cold . Why the hell hasn't humanity built up an immunity to it already ? 
working on a new short story . Hopefully it'll be done in time !!! :] 
\Curse you Aqua Scum !!!! \ " \ 
pinball : 31,607,500 AND got promoted to a Commander before I kicked it . BOOYAA BABY ! 
forget burning the house down--that's so cliche--let's blow up the microwave ! 
my toilet started bubbling at me and then drained itself of water ... \ 
I'm afraid .... 
essay half way done so time to play for a bit ! 
today we learned the Japanese word for escape . As soon as Seto-sensei said \escape\ " the class echoed \ " eh-sca-pay\ " I <3 Finding Nemo " 
i hate essays , and I probably won't be done until midnight ... but when I'm done , I'm going to put Finding Nemo in and fall asleep . I think that's the best idea ^^ 
thunder !!!!!!! 
thunder is the music of my soul <3 
soooo close to the end of Identity . Seriously , why can't this story write itself ? I'm mentally halfway through the next book :/ 
buahahahahahahaha , \ 
Identity is complete with a final < PROPFEMALE > count of 100 . Now to reread it tomorrow , and then begin writing the second book . \ 
BUAHAHAHAHAHA 
now has Skype . Don't know if I'll ever use it , but I have it ... 
should really be studying\ 
seriously . I really should ... 
????????????????????!! 
life would be so much more interesting if we were all fish . 
in stupid larc working on stupid script . 
i hate this japanese skit 
japanese skit today ... pray for our survival 
the word of today is smithereens . Made me smile . 
it's raining ! 
really wants to stop studying and go run out in the rain . t-t damn ???????? 
wish this japanese test involved nothing more then showing up , doodling , and then going back home . 
i hate writing research proposals . I hate looking up sources that don't exist . I hate having to sit here at 1:30 in the smegging morning knowing I can't do anything about it but complain . 
I'm beginning to think that Amazon.com underestimates the US postal service . 
bizarre dream of the week : I was on a ferry ( for whatever reason ) , and jumped off . While underwater , i was invited onto another ferry . Where people continually thought I was crazy for believing I was dreaming . And then McKay ( from SGA ) showed up to agree that I wasn't crazy , and spat out some techno babble before leaving to \deal with the problem\ " . Also : chex mix attacked me . " 
somehow rewriting For Independence turned into a full blown \world building event\ " . I've never even put this much thought into the ECrystal's world >.>" 
cannot get the 11th Doctor Who's theme song out of my head . Damn , that thing is catchy . Why can't the soundtrack be out yet !? 
excitement of the day : bomb scare at the SDSU trolley station . \ 
fun fun fun fun fun 
Just saw < PROPMALE > Potter 7 , and I can't wait for part 2 :] 
in my dream last night there were a bunch of tornadoes and a lightning storm . Then the world began to collapse in on itself , and General O'Neill was debating on whether or not to nuke < PROPFIRST > . Then the Asgard showed up , while I went to the movies and bribed the person at the box office with Pocky . And apparently this was because someone didn't get their $200 back from two street-kids hiding in a bomb shelter . 
I'm really beginning to agree with the self-assessment that I am just a little bit self destructive . Just a little . Maybe . 
if you hear someone crying in relieved grief around 1:45 ... that's just me celebrating the end of my oral exam . 
It is december 12 , and it should NOT be 80 degrees in my room . 
holy freaking dancing monkeys taught by Twanky , how did I get a B in Japanese ? 
Ah , rain , how I have missed you ! 
Happy Christmas ! 
I have decided that after reading the Trigun manga , the ending to the anime seems a bit anticlimatic . 
split between my love of sci-fi television , and writing . Both are so entertaining , but only one can win each time . so troublesome ... 
did you know that you can type upside down in powerpoint ? 
in La Verne for < PROPFEMALE>'s Wedding . Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out sometime tuesday or wednesday ? 
why is that whenever I write a story , sooner or later I end up drawing a map ? 
29 minutes until i get to register , and my chances of getting my desired classes without crashing is dwindling down ... 
currently hating my life 
oh , snap , tomorrow's Friday >.> I'm going to miss the lazy days . 
my sister is getting married tomorrow o.o 
OMG my sister is married :D goodbye < PROPFEMALE > Scarr , and hello Mrs. < PROPFEMALE > Bellue ! 
so the first thing that happens when I get back to SD ? the internet decides not to work , 2 hours laters it decides to work again . I'm thinking it had a small case of abandonment issues 
It is JANUARY so why do I feel like I should turn on my air conditioning ? 
FOG !!! 
first day : all my profs are interesting ; I get to go to the zoo for anthropology ; and Shakespeare probably won't kill me ... with any luck 
according to my baby name book Kentucky means \From the land of Tomorrow\ " \ 
I HAVE A JOB INTERVIEW !!!!! 
interview here I came . Pray I get it so I can at least grow up a little xD 
I HAVE A JOB !!!!! EEEEEE 
My phone is turning against me !!! It's changed two setting and tried to erase a contact ;-; i thought i was being good to it ! 
Just caught up on < PROPMALE > o.o 
I turn 20 in 20 days 
My day : lose wallet . Freak out . Panic . Skip last class to search . Give up . Take trolley . Get phone call . Run back to school . Find wallet . Happy days . <3 
17 days 
15 days ... So close , yet so far away 
I can no longer say \escape\ " without pronouncing it like Dory from Finding Nemo . " 
I had a dream that the world was dying due to some kind of mystical forces , and the only one able to compete with it was MacGyver and a band of traveling gypsies . After the huge battle ( he won ) , everyone boarded a bullet train , but MacGyver went missing . So it was up to < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > to keep the peace by using the intersect ... I still wanna know what happened to MacGyver . 
