< PROPFIRST > is on his way home 

needs to make up his mind ..... 
thinks summer is going by way to fast ... 
A good meet to end the year on ! 
Won my home meet tonight . :) But I think I may have messed up my knee . :( But is glad that his friends and his teem are rocking the wrestling mat this year . :) 
Thanks to every one who wished me a happy birthday ....... 
getting ready for a long weekend .... 
The weekend is almost over and it feels like it just began . It has < PROPMALE > a good weekend though . 
good meet this weekend . now i have three more left to go .. 
is glad i get out of school tomorrow .. 
Glad to be home . and glad to know he has friends who care ............. 
Glad to be home . 
Had a fun time at the game . and is glad the LADY MUSTANGS are going to STATE !!! now it's the boys turn .! 
Who ever said only the good die young was a dam liar . . . . Rest In Peace DAD ..... 
is eating pizza at 11:30 pm . 
camel spit ............................... 
If life was easy there would be nothing worth fighting for . If life wasnt so hard we couldnt enjoy the little things . Ya I can enjoy lifes little ups and downs . :) 
wrestled a officer today with my brother . and we didnt even get introuble ...... 
The wings where great ! Kearney was fun . and my new candle is awesome . 
is ready for this job to be over . . . 
is going to miss the short bus . :( but is glad its over . 
had a good summer ! going to mis a lot of friends . but now its time for back to school . 
most people look at it as God put thorns on roses . but do they ever look at it that God put roses on thorns . 
misses the healthy life ....... . poo on you you you you , you dam cold . 
best night and home coming of my life :) every thing was a blast . 
we going to the play offs :) . 5-3 plus a three way tie district champs ya tonight a good nite 
WE NO SPEAK AMERICANO !!!!!!!!! adictive ............... 
Its time to wrestle ........... 
one more meet left before christmas break 
tonight just isnt a good night . 
one more meet before I get a nice long break :) 
thanks to every one who wished me a happy birth day . !!! 
im going home soon :) hells ya . 
Ready for STATE bring on districts ..... it's time to split the men from the boys .. 
bring on state !!!!!! 
black ops addicted !!!! 
should be asleep ... but who can sleep when there are so many amazing things that can happen ? but then again sleep is amazing =) night peoples ..... 
call of duty marathon is cancled today for the fact school is actually in sesion . why couldnt it keep snowing ... 
looking at the beautiful colorado mts . what a sight . 
ready for a five and a half hour drive home from colorado . 
my life is a compleat waist of humanity . 
Here's to A long life and A < PROPFEMALE > one A quick death and an easy one A pretty girl and an honest one A cold beer and another one ! \ 
\Irish Saying \"" 
is tired .,,.. 
not ready for school .... need more sleep . 
feels like a zombie . . . 
feels like a brand new man . thank God for sleep . !!!! 
grillen stake in the < PROPFEMALE > light :) 
sitting in a dark room unable to sleep . :S 
some one shoot me . !!!! 
just experienced the worst trip to kearney ever . 
i love my little brother < PROPMALE > so much :) he means the world to me !!!! 
1:10 in da morning and cant sleep what to do what to do ????? 
2:00 in da morning and still thinking what to do what is there to do ???? any one ideas . 
3:30 in da morning . man i need to try and get some sleep . 
for ever young ! good song . 
it feels good to be home again :) 
has the house by my self for a wile .. what to do what to do ??? lol 
happy friday the 13th every one . 
just got done swiming in the rain ! ;) 
needs to learn to let things go ...... 
standing in the rain listening to some awesome music . !!! :) 
wow now i have seen it all . good night every one . 
ok im just bored now . 
just got done giving blood . :) 
working in da rain ... O what fun . .!!! 
whatching a movie with the bro . the only thing posible tonight . . . 
on my way to my big bros birthday party . 
flat tire this morning how fun . lol 
now this is the kinda storm i remember in Nebraska .!!!! bring it on mother nature . 
up and ready for his final wrestling duel . of his life . 
sore and sun burnt . 
ready for work again . 
just got done working . . . great < PROPFIRST > ! 
awesome storm tonight ! 
me and my bro sitting at home and chillen alone ! hells to the ya lol 
thunder cloud to the south . sun set to the west . a clear sky to the north . and im heading east . for a good weekend with my sisters . we will see how this goes . lol 
working on my tan/burn . gota love the summer 
If ignorance is bliss . dose that mean to be happy you have to be stupid ? And if you are not ignorant , dose that mean you are not happy ? cant some how there be a middle to this quote ? Why cant one be bliss and not ignorant about what is happening in life ? What do you think ? would you rather be bliss ? or be non ignorant about whats happening ? 
\Technological progress is like an axe in the hands of a pathological criminal . \ " \ 
\Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves\ " . \ 
very bored !!!! 
livin la < PROPFEMALE > loca !!!! 
night peeps ! 
he who is to happy with where he is will never strive to become somthing greater !! 
my phone is broke . i cant call or do anything . 
hey every one my phone is broke . if you want to get a hold of me send me a mesage on face book .... thank you ... 
it feels nice to be home .. :) 
