I went to the SICKEST concert ever !!! 

... to the leader , the pariah , the < PROPFIRST > , the messiah : this is war ! 
saw avatar . again . in 3D . again . and it was awesome . again 
OMG NEW YEARS FTW OMGLOLBBQLMFAO 
VEGAS , BABY !! WOOOOOO !!!!! 
Orange juice + vanilla protein powder = terrible , terrible idea 
' monstrum en fronte , monstrum en amino ' 
Why are end of year papers harder than finals . This should not be so 
Pandora is a lot of my favorite things . Two of my favorite planets , my favorite radio station , my favorite box ... <3 
did some spring cleaning in my itunes library . yay for a spare three gigs ! 
Update on < PROPMALE>'s quest to find a suitable beverage to mix vanilla protein powder with- coca cola : not so good 
I feel like walking through Silent Hill tonight . I haven't stopped by there in a long time 
Car with no gas + wallet with no cash + parents gone = lazy Sunday . Delightful ! 
shopping for a uke . yay me 
< PROPMALE > of Persia- definite win 
Question : could today get any more awesome ? \ 
Answer : OF COURSE NOT 
Best . Day . EVER . 
what's better than a package arrive for me today ? it being a whole week early :D 
SSBBFTW 
Hmm ... buzzed head for me : yea or nay ? 
Yawn 
I < 4 chipotle 
SHINEDOWN RELEASED A NEW SINGLE !!!! FINALLY !!!! 11 !! IT'S LIKE CHRISTMAS !! :D 
finally got OS4 to work . woohoo 
Thrice concert was kick-ass . Woo ! 
my phone is capable of undoing water damage . i approve 
I FOUND MY FLIP FLOPS !!!! LIFE HAS MEANING AGAIN 
Why is bleach so awesome ? 
I just learned we have a chocolate mint plant in the backyard . Yes , you read correctly . No , you can't have any 
Saw people get cited at the beach for having alcohol . Sucks to be them 
Would you kindly 
Palm desert photo montage barrage begins ... now 
All your puzzle are belong to me 
Hey bob ... wanna ... go to ... church ...? 
Back to civilization . In < PROPFEMALE > 
It's good to be home 
somehow , syncing 2 more gigs of music to my phone takes up no space . my phone has a bottomless stomach i guess 
You know , I was just suspicious before , but now I'm convinced . I'm addicted to sriracha 
I love < PROPFEMALE > donofrio more than anything in this world . 
I have just discovered I don't start class until noon on Monday , Wednesday and Friday . The quality of my life has improved significantly 
No more Bleach before bed . It gives me crazy dreams 
I love < PROPFEMALE > donofrio on such an extreme level that it may be hazardous to my health 
Henshin-a-go-go 
why is L such a bamf ? 
so i hear to be a man you need to be as swift as a coursing river ... 
Into what alternate dimension do I seem to have fallen ? 
What's that you say ? School tomorrow ? \ 
* heel click in front of an explosion * 
In case anyone is wondering , red bull makes an excellent replacement for both food and sleep . I will now go dance on the < PROPFEMALE > to a swedish accordion band 
hello weekend my old friend 
I've been having a lot of weird thoughts lately . \ 
\ 
Like ... is any of this for real ... or not ? 
if i can finish my english homework there will be cake 
Cancelled politics class > Christmas 
ew ... itunes 10 ... 
chapman got number three on \we love OC's\ " best colleges list . Woo ! " 
I have DotA stuck in my head . so strange ... 
dirpy is my new favorite thing 
oh and myxer is pretty cool too 
Hey ! It's Sunday ! What a strange coincidence ! 
Ev oui ghuf fryd myhkiyka drec ec , cyo cusadrehk eh < PROPMALE > pylg 
caffeine induced hyper productive work mode GO 
ever had one of those days when everything just seems to go right ? this definitely isn't one of those 
Today I learned that cap'n crunch's first name is horatio . The magic is gone 
Spare tire on rear wheel + rear wheel drive car + slick roads and rain = almost certain death 
Vuze , you are my favorite friend 
I totally just grabbed a < PROPFEMALE > moth out of the air while making orange chicken . I'M LIKE A NINJA 
Boys and girls of every age , would you like to see something strange ? 
caffeine induced hyper productive work mode round 2 GO 
A on my midterm , no homework this weekend , it'll be Halloween soon . Need I say more ? 
does anyone else think the new dashboard is a total crap sandwich ? 
the < PROPMALE > show is fantastic 
Remember , remember , the fifth of November ... 
a big thanks to everyone and their birthday wishes ! i love you all 
MY FISTS , THEY ARE MADE OF STEEL 
Best birthday present ever : bruises and pain 
It's the final countdown 
i just learned it takes about 5,000 mg ( about 40 strong cups of coffee ) within a short time frame to fatally O.D. on caffeine . good times 
falcon 
I can has one more week of break plz ? 
yakov smirnoff ftw 
WOOOOOO FOR ALL NIGHTERS 
On Friday nights in soviet russia , the party finds YOU 
i think calling the new profile an \upgrade\ " is being very generous . verrrrrrrrry generous " 
i wanna go see black swan . damn you , last week of school ! 
this is NOT a good time for my microsoft office trial to expire ... 
i am the greatest computer hacker alive . microsoft office trial can SUCK IT 
Tonight was truly , TRULY a wonderful night 
Let the games begin 
Gratuitous amounts of caffeine and a panic attack do NOT mix 
Whoever ordered me a katana , wakizashi , and tant ? : thanks , I think . But you should stop being mysterious 
Ain't no party like a < PROPFIRST > party party ! 
tron was such a win 
it was a dark and < PROPFEMALE > night ... 
17% of my life force was stolen by the red cross . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Nothing says Christmas like a sushi dinner ! 
' twas the night before the night before Christmas and all through the homestead , not a creature was stirring , because they were all dead 
Apparently today is a holiday or something 
A balisong ! Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
evike , thou < PROPMALE > mine friend 
i won't sleep in my bed again ' til next year . woahhh 
I hope colorado girls are as fun , fresh , fierce , undeniable , and unforgettable as the California ones 
WIZARD NEEDS FOOD BADLY 
' twas the drunk before new house , and all through the year , every stirring was creature cuz they were all night 
Hello laguna , my old friend 
Watching the two towers in my class on global ethics . Interterm ftw 
I almost forgot how awesome death note was . Almost 
Sushi ftw ! 
you know what really makes me sick these days ? food poisoning 
