why did imeem.com join myspace- now ima have to hate imeem as well as my space , i really like imeem , now i'll have to find some other cool site that's like the old imeem ): 

Birthday today ! 
homework sucks but i have to complete it :( 
what's on my mind , nothing complicated like what a friend told me , ' < PROPMALE > is like , a very small bike| windows is like a crossmotor , there is a lot to go wrong , but if ur not a total retard , you can ? do a lot more with it ' 
heehee i love Halloween , trick or treat ? trick 
LOLOLOLOL- ROLFCOPTER- LMAOTASTIC- GAFFAW . - : B 
-macs are the biggest rip offs ever that only retards would pay $1'000+ for a piece of shit that cost less then $200 to make , all it is , is a very expensive nice looking paper weight . while a good PC at a $1'000 is worth every dollar you paid for at like 3x+ the performance and you can customize 1 to fit your theme/color , etc . PC-4life 
favourite colour ? 
i HATE homework ! 
when the sumthing is nothing i will accept nothing as sumthing ok so i want sumthing 
has been kidnapped by ninjas , need money for karate lessons 
What kind of a name IS FaceBook anyway ? i see my face but i dont see any book 
<(^.^)> 
lol 
If you read this , you just wasted like ummmmm ...... maybe 1 second of your life =>.<= maybe more then 1 if read til HERE but maybe you cheated and looked HERE and not finish reading all of THIS HERE . soooooooooooooooooo ....... HAHA . ha .. <.< 
If you could have anyone locked in a room so that you could torment them for a day , whom would you choose , and how would you torment them ? ... goodnite <(^.^)> 
ehhh math test tomorrow , i don't wanna take it , i wanna play chess again lol 
so ' efin full (>.<) lol listening to addicting techno song d : 
ehhh . it's been a l0ng day . 
IDK if this is viewable for everyone but if you can go outside and look at the < PROPFEMALE > and look around it , theres a white ring surrounding the < PROPFEMALE > , it looks cool , must be ice crystals in the atmosphere , bet its gonna be nice and cool tonight outside . 
Do polar bears drink coke ? 
I'll flip a coin , heads I'll do my hw , tails I'll do other things online . 
nothing to fear but fear itself 
for some reason i feel like crap today yet i have decent grades ? maybe its the thought of disappointing my parents for not performing to my parents standards and failing to do so will result in loss of many things including trust and honor , with dignity ): 
yes finally break ! 
oh no , school tomorrow , but at least i enjoyed the break (: 
ok 
): 
(: the worst is over , for now ... 
ahh . I've wasted an entire weekend on the internets . :( 
yawwwwn . another day of life has gone by . i should sleep , rather than argue with new fwens on youtube 
my neighbors tree is on fire , but it's raining :O yeah , i think i'd better go to sleep . ehhhh , thunder is lOUd :P 
i hate time . ): 
noooo . 24 minutes left until video is finished rendering , again , i messed it up . 
have not slept much in 3 days . 
Double Lifetime Warranty !? D: gotta have ! 
Double Lifetime Warranty !? D: 
WOW . the naruto episode 157 beggining is EPIC , Pein just comes out of nowhere and stabs and kills the scout ninja and then levitates 1 of them towards him and kills him too ! His power is incredible :D 
stoopid flying lava , keeps killing me ! d : 
I finally woke up after a 17 hour nap :D 
played COD 4 for two straight days without sleeping :D \ 
it's just so awesome d : 
GERMANY ! :D \ 
. \ 
damn you spain , either way do your best spain because nederlands is out to get ya d : 
Spain lmao :D 
New school < PROPFEMALE > latitudes are pretty sweet , too bad they installed XP Pro on them ): 
I will answer any question honestly in my inbox for 24hr . Copy and post this on your status 
Crap ! Engineering hw ! Tomorrow Thursday ! 
It's raining ! :D 
If Macs are so easy to use , why are they asking PC people on how to set things up ?!? 
this status is very annoying but ... \ 
The 1st person to like this status will be my profile pic for the day ! 2nd person to like this status – their last name will be my last name for 2 days ! 3rd person to like this status can dare me to do one thing . 4th person to like this status – I will say I’m in a relationship with you for a week ! 
I haven't gotten laid in 4 years , 3 months , and 12 days , plus-or-minus 2 days . Would you care to check my error bars ? - lol :D \ 
\ 
if you're taking physics 6H you know ... 
My last partner wasn't very stable . She spontaneously decayed last week and left me for a neutrino . Bitch . 
I was buffeted by angry hail today while I was trying to light something on fire D: \ 
and I don't see why people are angry and the hail for damaging their stuff and power , maybe it's because the worst thing that happened here was a bunch of plant guts everywhere and the piles of hail everywhere(hail fights >:D ) ... the lights flickered once and that was it . 
“I guess the Japanese television programs just make stuff up when there’s no data to support their assertions . ” 
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble , you wouldn't sit for a month . 
go outside and look at the moon ... just do it . 
Black Ops : Theres a camper behind that ? wall ! \ 
BF BC2 : There's a camper behind that wall ...... KABOOOM !!!!!!!!!!!!! ­ ! what wall ? 
This Gmail Motion thing is fun , but kinda awkward when people are watching from afar wondering what you're doing . 
