Everything you need is around you , the only danger is inside you 

To every shadow There is a light behind it . 
in 2010 , i only want 2 balls to drop , the one in New York , and the one on < PROPFIRST > Beiber . Then at least he has a miniscule < PROPMALE > of being good , though that is wishful thinking . 
well then ... 
who knew voice changers could be so much fun 
if it's a psychic network , why do they need a phonenumber ? 
once shot an elephant in my pajamas , i still dont know how he got in my pajamas though . 
what a wonderful sunrise , and people say lack of sleep is bad for you . 
i wonder if other dogs think that poodles are in some weird religious cult . 
My computer beat me at checkers , but I sure beat it at kickboxing . 
Don't worry , I have a great Attention spa ... o look a squirrel ! 
Six packs are nice , but kegs last a while . 
lifes to short to hold a grudge 
And all the girlies say im pretty fly ( for a white guy ) 
Life has no meaning , until you look it up in the dictionary 
all situations are lose-lose , unless it's love and peace 
When in doubt , blame society 
No matter how far down the scale we have gone , we will see how our experience can benefit others . That feeling of uselessness and self-pity will disappear . 
Our fear of death is not because we simply do not want to die , but because we have forgotten what it means to live . 
I'm not a stalker , by the way your out of milk ... 
Friendship is like peeing on yourself : everyone can see it , but only you get the warm feeling that it brings . 
Have you noticed that all the people in favour of birth control are already born ? 
at the end of the day , it does not matter what you have , the money you make , the job you have , nor the life you live , all that matters is the friends who stand by you in thick or thin 
morning frost , yes ! 
Love is the Dance of Eternity 
If i Ever got Alzheimer's , I think I would be ok with it , besides I get to hide my own easter eggs ! 
Step after step We try controlling our fate When we finally start living it has become too late . This story ends where it began 
I'm too far gone in the world of Insanity , and that's the way i like it ! 
If he sees you when your sleeping , and knows when your awake , why do we let him give gifts to our children ? 
Open your eyes young child , This is forever , my son . The beginning of true life 
never fun to be sick =( 
I don't Regret what I've Done , I Regret what I have left Undone 
Playing a lion being lead to a cage I turn from a theif to a begger , from a god to God save me 
When hate turns to love , what a grand day that will be . I imagine dancing in the street , and so many fireworks the light of the sun stays for weeks to come . what a wonderful world 
I love winter , were else can you find yellow snow on the ground to make a snow cone ! YUM ! 
is amazed to see how amazing the twisted Sister Christmas Album is 
Ah the relapses of the childhood memories .... 
Loyalty , trust faith , and < PROPFEMALE > , carries love through each darkest fire 
O man , Thats a burn about a burn . That's a second degree burn- I love that 70's show . 
In Progress , unlike Congress 
You will find all you need in your mind if you take the time 
Is single , so mothers lock up your daughters 
New glasses , Everything looks topsy turvey now .... yay ! 
The Lies lie within 
you can eat your kids , you can eat your friends , but you can't eat your friends ' kids , because by then you'll be too full .... 
Mr. NVHS and finding out Dream Theater is coming to town July 18th , i say this was a great day =) 
tonight I'll still be lying here surrounded in all the light 
Step one will soon be complete , < PROPMALE > Rodriguez prepare yourselves for the next time we go to culvers . We'll be able to actually keep up at above 43 mph ! hahaha 
Hate has only brought us pain , yet they claim its the key to our salvation . Salvation from what , Happiness ? 
watching people's reactions to when i give myself an insulin shot is still one of the funniest things ever ! 
Let it snow , Let it snow , Let it snow ...... IN WINTER NOT NOW ! 
Death is the first dance eternal , Deceit is the second without end , but Love is the dance of eternity 
The Great (-ly boring and tragic yet somewhat enticing in a utterly distant variation of disatisfaction ) Gatsby 
Not a doubt in my mind . Most releiving day in quite a while .... 
Goldne Girls ! woo ..... not awkward at all right ? 
Why is it that the most depressing story in the library , the saddest song on the radio , and the Darkest film in the Theater are the ones that speak to us the most ? 
I'll be keeping my eyes out for any busses tomorrow < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . I just hope i spot them in time .... 
To think thoughts that are beyond the wildest dream , that makes the world seem small , and conjures up a feeling of understanding inside of you , don't be afraid to let your mind wander to stumble upon it . 
Working on the car , Thanks for all The Birthday wishes , and the ones in the near future ( if any do so apply ) 
Sometimes , the fantasies your seeking , become the burdens you bear . But sometimes , the anguish we survive , and the mysteries we nuture , become the fabric of our lives . 
Confused .... 
Swallow pride before it swallows you . 
\You do realize that 13% of the worlds population in < PROPFEMALE > speaks spanish right ? \ " -The brilliance that is Lj Pavlicek " 
Better to save the mystery than surrender to the secret 
Through all that may come and go , I'll walk beside you . 
Spare the child , spoil the < PROPMALE > . 
only two hours after being out in the sun and my feet are already redder than a tomato .... but totally worth it ! 
from Neuqua to my house is 4.3 < PROPMALE > . Only know that because I had to walk to school and back , on one of the hottest days of the year , dressed in all black , without any water , carrying two textbooks . Thank God for Music ! 
Why call it reality TV if its the furthest from it ? 
if you like this I will write on your wall \ 
saying something I like about you :) 
Your not much better than the man you hate , just in different ways . So consider before you condemn . 
So tired , going to bed =) 
So apparently < PROPFIRST > Moser believes that all her friends are just like goldfish . Shortlived , Easily Replaceable , and Easy to flush down the drain without much emotion ... =P Gotta love Life Groups after hours haha 
Watching Band Of Brothers =) 
totally just PO'd my sister , but it was worth it to give her a West Virginian Wake Up Call =P ..... lets just hope i live to see tomorrow now haha 
I've said it once and I'll say it again , I wouldn't pick a tool who can turn into a werewolf , nor a sissy vampire with a deformed nipple , I'd pick the unicorn ..... Go Team < PROPMALE > ! 
Job : Reconstruction\ 
Boss : A Jewish Carpenter\ 
Payment : Infinite 
Not Looking Forward to court tomorrow , especially since i have no idea when it will end . Hopefully it gets resolved within the day . 
I once thought it better to regret the things that I have done , then haven't . 
Don't let a day go by in doubt , the answer lies within . 
Meh what the heck why not ? \ 
\ 
Like . Dislike . Confession . 
Yet how quickly those suffering forget , that a heart broken in two is just an angel with < PROPFEMALE > wings . 
Meh why not , \ 
1st- Physics- Clutter\ 
2nd- Alg 2 Trig- Rosselini\ 
3rd- Mythology- Derrow\ 
4th- Pe- Renner\ 
5th- Auto Mechanics- Kaminiski\ 
6th- Option\ 
7th- Psychology- Schutzenh ( Gesundheit)\ 
8th- American Studies- Smilanic 
Nothing like listening to < PROPFIRST > Sinatra in the early morning . 
Until we overcome our greatest fear , we are destined to be overcome by our lesser of fears . 
If you believe in Jesus Christ , put this on your wall . Do not just \ 
ignore this . In the bible it says , if you deny me in front of your \ 
peers , I will deny you in front of my father , at the gates of heaven . \ 
This is a simple test . If you love God and are not afraid to show it put\ 
this on :) 
Love was just a glance away . A warm embracing dance away . 
Love makes the world go round , its what give us life , Love is the dominate emotion , brings happiness and brings sorrow , brings peace and brings confusion , births the future and solidifies the past . Remove Love from the world , and you get a black hole . Remove love from yourself , and you will quickly lose yourself . So why hate , when you can love ? 
\I keep my body like a temple . \ " \ 
Can't have psychology without psycho . 
After fifteen minutes in the show i believe i have finally been rid of the scent of coffee ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
I'd rather say what i believe to be true and have someone hate me for it , than have someone else decide what is true and hate myself for it . 
Truth Is ... 
Without love without truth , there can be no turning back\ 
Without faith without hope , there can be no peace of mind . 
Having your computer break isnt always a bad thing , especially if you get to multi task with fb , hw , and football on a < PROPFEMALE > pink laptop wooo ! 
Light paints reflections through eternities resolve 
I'm here to make things awkward , your welcome . 
No , I'm not a stalker . I'm just there for you whether you need me or not , a lot less creeperish that way . 
\Hey are you in Honors Chemistry ? \ " \ " No why ? \ " \ " Cause it looks like you have some Honorable Chemistry to me ! \"" 
Your deeds have traveled far . R.I.P < PROPFIRST > Zuleg 
Sprained his pinky ! yay ? 
If we can \ 
forgive ourselves for the monstrosity we became as we walked through the\ 
streets , how is it that forgiving others becomes even harder ? We are \ 
not in control of others , but even though we always had complete control \ 
of ourselves , while we watched the nightmare that we placed before ourselves , we find it easier to forgive our mistakes than to forgive one\ 
another . 
beleives\ 
in jesus christ . One facebooker has challenged all beleivers to put \ 
this on their wall .... In the bible it says , if you deny me infront of \ 
your peers , i will deny you in front of my father , at the Gates of \ 
Heaven . This is a simple test . if you love god and you are not afraid \ 
to , show it : repost 
They took pictures of our\ 
dreams\ 
Ran to hide behind the stairs\ 
And said maybe when it's right\ 
for you , they'll fall\ 
But if they don't come down\ 
Resist the need to pull them in\ 
And throw them away\ 
Better to save the mystery\ 
Than surrender to the secret . 
Has noticed that national make someone uncomfortable day is also the first day of < PROPFEMALE > . This should be interesting ..... 
According to Microsoft Office , Love is not the Essence of life .... I understand they don't like grammatical errors and all but going against philosophy is kinda ridiculous .... 
If I died tomorrow I'd be alright , because I believe the spirit carries on . 
Like my status and I'll tell you the following ... 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you .... 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask you something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . * CHALLENGE * : Repost this status as your own 
Pumpkin Chunkin YES !!!!!!!!! 
How similarities attract doesn't surprise me , its how the similarities make an obstacle and keeps them apart that boggles my mind ..... 
Has been FDA approved to cure boredom , broken hearts , and awkward silences . \ 
Warning side effects may include , but not entitled to : Embarrassing moments , Loss of depth perception , sporadic abductions , wedgies , and dementia . 
We are going to know a new freedom and a new happiness . We will not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it . We will comprehend the word serenity . No matter how far down the scale we have gone , that feeling of uselessness and self-pity will disappear . We will suddenly realize that God is doing for us what we could not do for ourselves . 
might as well play the number game . you know how it works ..... if not Google is your friend . unless your in a country where they censure it , which if that is the case my apologies . 
918207348901274- You are beautiful inside and out , despite what you may feel the world is teling you . Your love of God is overflowing and highly contagious , and thankfully there is no cure for it =P . I wish you didn't live so far away so that we could talk more face to face instead of just texting . =) 
4- You are one of the most outgoing people I have ever met . I apologize for being too tall , its a birth defect =P . Your a caring person who always strives to get to know someone deeply and make them feel welcome . I better see you tomorrow or many a mourning dove will be singing there sad song despiteit being full blown winter . =) 
1994- you are the most kind hearted person I know . You are open to anyone and everyone for you know that each person can attribute equally in this world . I envy your free spirit and how you don't care who watches or who knows , like when you danced in the rain =) Your a wonderful person and a poster child of how much a Christian can accomplish if they live their life modelled upon Jesus . 
420- You can eat it , you can make paper out of it , you can smoke it , you can start the grounds of an entire nation on it . How am I not surprised you choose that number =P . You are one fun kid and one of the few in electricity class last year who played along with my insane comments . You are very down to earth and apparantly needs to learn how to run from the cops since you keep breaking your leg whilst attempting to . 
72.12 - I known you since I needed to go to daycare , and apparently i took the fall for someone else that i bit you , though i never did . Workcamp was a blast despite you spooning my blanket =P You are a quiet kid who deep down has some pretty funny thoughts going on , and you are one friggin awesome piano player . When you become a pianist for a band/ concerto orchestra remember me little folk =P 
0313- Despite me only knowing you for 3/4 of a year , I have learned in that time that you always have a smile upon your face that says your ready to live and love without boundries . No matter who or what gets you down your always ready for the next step that God is calling you towards . =) 
1490- I've known you since < PROPMALE > , though I feel as though I don't know you enough , which we should definatly change some day soon =) . But what I do know is this , you are one musically and spiritually talented person , and I can't wait to see where God has led you to in the future . =) 
69- You have one gutter raised mind =P Your crazy and fun to be around . There never is a dull moment with you . You make the most of the shortcoming of both yourself and others and strive to make the most of it all to shine for all the world to see , just as God would want you to . You look less on what you wish you could be and more on what God wants you to be , which is a lesson that the world needs to hear . =) 
14- I would like to start by saying thank you for keeping my hiding spot secret when i ninja'd < PROPFEMALE>'s scissors the night before < PROPFEMALE > , i was thoroughly scared as to what she was going to do with those scissors after she found me . =P You are a kind and compasionate person and I hope we can get to know each other better in the future , and that you continue to come to Ignite =) 
Learning to live . 
facebook won't let me change my info so that the languages i know does not include the language of love ..... 
Apparently I look like a Dancing Snowflake , thank you Beka Hoelker =P 
It's so easy to run away with nothing in tow . 
Respect is not a one way street . 
6th period option ! 
The only good thing about being sick , is watching < PROPFEMALE > Girls on Hallmark . 
I love police chases ! to bad its over now ..... 
\Where testing Natural selection with these rats . Where wondering if they can tell the difference between natural Cheddar and I Can't Believe Its not Cheese \"- I love Boy Meets World ! " 
