Happy New Year !! 

loves her new laptop !! 
thinks that Twitter is pretty cool . Find me , so I don't have any more people I don't know follow me . 
thinks that today sucks . When will they let my mom go ?? :( 
is so bored . I should really be asleep , but when will I get this opportunity again ?? 
has a new phone and needs < PROPFIRST > ! I also had such a good time at your party < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks for inviting me ! :) 
is just sitting here , bored ..... 
is going to the Science Center . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Fawcett . 
is going to see < PROPFEMALE > Trek again tomorrow . yay ! :) 
is so annoyed with Twitter !!! 
went to Six Flags yesterday . Had a lot of fun , but got so sunburned !! I really hate the sun right now . :P 
is at home . I can't believe that I could be completely exhausted after only two hours at the zoo . More babysitting tomorrow . 
finally has a home for the semester . Who knew the 20th would be considered the beginning of a month . 
: Exactly one month until I move away from Belleville . :( 
is so ready to leave . Goodbye Bellevegas , and hello Lebanon ! :) 
is so bored that I have been spending most of my weekend here .... 
is so bored and tired . I hate having to stay up ' till 3am . 
is cleaning . 
is stunned ..... 
: 19 days , and I don't know who I'm living with anymore ... That is justr great . 
17 days ... 
is watching SYTYCD , so don't bother me right now . :) 
Woo ! I just watched So You Think You Can Dance , which is the best show ever !! 
just went to see J.I < PROPFIRST > . It was pretty cool . 
: 9 more days until move-in day !! 
is watching Big Brother with my dad and best < PROPMALE > . 
I really need to start packing !! Starting tomorrow .... maybe . 
is spending some time with my friend Jenn . 
is planning a baby shower . 
9 days !!! 
is packing and getting ready to move in . 6 days !! 
... last Saturday of Summer . 6 days . 
is so bored !!!!!! 
is having a barbeque ... in the rain . 
3 days !! 
Only two more days in Belleville !! 
needs to finish packing , and finish my summer reading . :) 
2 days ! 
.... about 36 more hours to go . 
.... less than 24 hours now until so long Belleville , hello Lebanon ! 
is moving into McKendree today !!! 
is all moved in , and mom is gone ! Time to go to dinner , and bed . 
is all moved in and settled , for the most part . LOL Miss Belleville so much , and all my friends there . I love you Bellevegas !!! 
is officially all done with NSO !!! 
just got back from the BBQ , and can't wait until tomorrow !! 
was 20 minutes late for a class , and twisted her ankle . This is the best first day ever !! 
has three classes today , and then reading and finding an on-campus job . 
is done with school for the day , but is stuck sitting in front of the nurses office . 
is ready for Friday , and going home . 
is done with classes , and is waiting for the Foam Dance Party tonight !! 
has only two 50 minute classes today !! TGIF ! 
is done for the weekend !!! 
is tired , and wants to take a nap . Too bad I can't . 
is at home for the weekend ! 
is working on homework , and is going shopping later before going back to McK . 
' s roommate is at the zoo , and I'm still here reading about reading . :P 
has homework -- is not going to do it , and a dorm floor meeting -- that I have to go to . Mondays don't like me so far . 
has three classes today , but wants to stay in bed .. 
is in Technology class and on Facebook right now . I love computer labs . 
has a health paper and two events to go to . What should I do ..... what should I do ? 
thinks that < PROPFEMALE > is bored across the hall , and should say goodnight to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
is glad that < PROPFEMALE > dragged me and Michi to the RHA meeting . < PROPFEMALE > is a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Goodnight world , and let tomorrow come slowly . 
is in Politics class right now . 
is in History class right now , and then has a work study meeting at 3 . 
is really bored , and has homework to do . 
has to read 100 pages for English by tomorrow , but doesn't think that it will get done . 
is in Technology class again , and on Facebook . :) 
has decided not to study for her open-book , open-note test tomorrow . 
is drinking a Pina Colada , and watching rain on TV . Funny how life works . LOL 
has 50 minutes of class , then a nap . 
just got an A on my first college exam !! 
is in history , my last class of the day ! I'm so bored , and I have only been here five minutes ... 
is going to Millstadt tomorrow to see my 2nd favorite Marching Band . :) 
is at home , and is about to eat pizza . :) 
is tired , but it is too early to go to bed on a Friday night . 
Belleville West = the best Marching band ever ! ( Tied with McKendree of course ! ) 
finally can text !!! 
Does anyone know Michi's number ? 
Back at McK , text me ... :) 
is watching House with my roomie . 
does not want to do homework tonight 
has to finish and print a Health paper by tomorrow , but I want to sleep !!!! 
9/9/09 .... 
has to work tonight .. 
is done with work , and has to work at the footbally game on Sat . 
has one more class today , and then I'm free !!! 
is done with class for the day , and is free ( sort of ) until 9 . 
is waiting for the weekend .... 
No more homework tonight .... It's too boring . 
wants to get out of here !!!! 
OMG , I need to go to < PROPMALE > in November !!! 
is bored , but doesn't want to go to bed . 
thinks it's pretty cool that my roommate's boyfriend's brother played in the Super Bowl . 
is bored !!!!!!! 
VMA's 
That was so stupid . Good for < PROPFIRST > Swift , she deserves it . 
wants to know what the hell Lady GaGa is doing ??? .. and who the hell the host is ? 
ugh ..... I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > Spears won . 
would still rather listen to Green Day than Paramore . 
hates Facebook . 
isn't looking forward to New < PROPFEMALE > anymore ... 
Go Beyonce , she still has it . :) 
wants Muse to sing another song !! 
is done for the night with the VMA's . 
thinks it is crazy that 56 of my friends were online earlier . 
doesn't want to go to bed , but has class tomorrow .... 
is in class . Text me at 2pm . 
is done .... almost with my English paper , at least for tonight . More to do tomorrow . 
had 10 minutes of English today . Now I'm free !!! 
is sitting with < PROPFEMALE > Erckfritz in our room . :) 
is in Technology class . 
refuses to watch the news tonight , or any time soon . Be sure to tell me when there is news about something else . 
is in history right now . Please save me !!! 
is done with class until 1pm tomorrow !! Yay !!!! 
is tired , but will stay up as late as possible tonight . 
is going to take a nap and a shower before class at 1 . 
Room checks are tonight .... That sounds like fun . :P 
is so bored !!! Save us ! 
Quoi ??? Je ne sais pas .. 
is watching Heroes . :) 
can't believe how far this school bus thing is going !! Two rallies ? Come on people ..... 
is in Technology class right now . Only two more hours , and I'm free !! 
is finally done with school today !!!! 
I hate school , with all this homework !!!! 
is bored , and doesn't want to do any more homework . 
is watching a movie in class right now .. :) 
is bored !! 
is staying in tonight . :) 
is done with English ! Now only History , Politics , and Health exams to study for . 
is writing boring papers on boring stuff ... 
is back from Rotaract ... Time to plan community service projects . 
is in technology class right now learning about Microsoft Excel . Will this class ever stop being boring ??? 
is done with exams until Friday , but has English and Tech . in between ... Ugh . 
is going to the Hett tonight .... Anyone else want to sit with me ? 
loves her dorm neighbors . :) 
just watched the Matrix . It is still an AWESOME movie !! 
got a 92 on her history exam . I is shocked ..... 
has one more class , and then the weekend !! 
- going to < PROPFEMALE > , volunteering , and then finally going home to sleep . 
is going to the Marching Band competition @ McK today ! 
is not ready for school tomorrow . 
is back from Belleville , listening to music , and should be doing a community service paper , but would rather be on Facebook . 
is waiting for Friday to come .... and for Tuesday , Wednesday , and Thursday to disappear . 
- I think that I am somehow channelling my teachers from West . Just take one look at my Poli Sci practice essays ... I swear I am somehow channelling Hentze , West Wing references and all . LOL 
woke up to thunder and a roommate turning the light on early ... 
is waiting for 4pm ..... 
thinks it's really wierd that I start bleeding , and my roommate randomly finds a bandaid in her dresser drawer . I swear it's fate . LOL 
doesn't want to go to English .... 
doesn't want to clean or do homework tomorrow .... I'd rather enjoy my Friday . 
is at home .... but is sick . I love that every \holiday\ " I get sick . " 
Thanks everyone !!! I love my birthday . :) 
doesn't want to go to class .... 
needs to be doing her Health homework , but Blackboard is not working !!! Grrrrrr 
hates the fact that so many people are getting sick ... Feel better soon < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
is about to watch a video about Powerpoint ... Ugh 
is bored .... 
wants to know the five criteria to evaluate any information resource for her English assignment ... 
ugh .... stupid fire drills ! 
is hanging with my roomie . Class , and two quizzes tomorrow ... 
is back from an awesome day in Springfield ! Keep fighting for MAP funding ! 
Go ISO !! You were amazing tonight < PROPFEMALE > . :D 
is planning a baby shower .... lots of fun 
is disappointed that no one has been to McKendree to visit me yet . :( 
Happy Halloween , and Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
does not want to go to History today , but got a B on her exam . Today is a good day . :) 
is making a brochure about a state . This is so < PROPMALE > high ... 
is in her last class until Friday . :) 
got a perfect score on her Politics book quiz ! 
does not have class until 11 . :) 
is in History class . 
sprained her ankle ... Who knows when I will do that again , hopefully never . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Oldest Retrievable Status : is seriously freaking out . Where's my pocket constitution !! <<<< I never found that pocket Constitution , LOL . 
is bored , and confused by all the noise in her dorm earlier ... 
Good luck to all the BTHS West Model < PROPFEMALE > people ! Hopefully I will see some of you tomorrow night ! :) 
Tired .... Model < PROPFEMALE > in a half hour , and then again tomorrow . Lots of fun . 
had fun at Model < PROPFEMALE > , but now has to finish her English paper . Fun , fun ... 
just finished Model < PROPFEMALE > stuff , and now has to go to work ... 
had so much fun at Model < PROPFEMALE > today . Can't wait until the spring ! 
We won ! yay ! 
: too many high school kids ! The invasion continues on Day 3 . LOL 
one more class .... then I can finally take a nap , or write my English paper until 5 . 
is taking choir next semester ! 
is going to be awake for a LONG time yet . :P 
has a meeting in five minutes , and then room checks .. yay .... 
is NOT going to see New < PROPFEMALE > tonight , or tomorrow , or any time soon . I will go when the crazy high school fangirls go away . 
has 4 projects due after Thanksgiving break ..... for one class . UGH !! 
also has an English paper due that same day ... 
loves it when classes are cancelled .. :) 
saw New < PROPFEMALE > . It was pretty cool . :) 
wants to go hooooommmmeeee !!! 
does not like people who don't have class until Monday . 
is done with classes !! Now , work and then HOME !! 
is working , then HOME !!! Yay ! 
is home for Thanksgiving . :) 
is ready for the semester to be OVER !! 
is wondering why Facebook keeps switching to Spanish ??? 
has three more days of classes , and then three finals ! 
is learning about Proportional Representation again !!! It is first semester senior year all over again .. 
is excited for the Holiday Party on my floor tonight . I hope my Secret < PROPFEMALE > person likes what I made her . 
had so much fun at our little Christmas party . I will miss all you girls so much over break ! 
is not looking forward to this weekend .... too much studying . 
is going crazy !!!! 
loves Facebook in Pirate . LOL 
LOL , now everything in upside down . 
is so done studying for finals . I give up ... 
has one more final ! ... and book money to pay bills with . 
Ugh .... I really need to write my final English paper . 
needs to get a daily planner ... 
Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . I need to write this English paper !!!! 
needs to pack today to go home for break ! 
is so ready for finals to be over !!! 
is done with finals !! 
wants to sleep in tomorrow , but can't . I already don't like break ... 
is enjoying her few moments of internet time for a while .... I was so spoiled at McK . 
I'm so bored !! 
is bored ... 
is so jealous of the people who went out of town for break ... 
is babysitting . 
there is nothing good left on TV now that Glee is over !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
Happy New Year everyone ! 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This should be interesting ... Wonder if I have 20 , or more , brave friends who will participate ? 
will probably have to babysit tomorrow now ... I love snow . 
I did not have to babysit today .... yet . Hoping for school tomorrow . 
School starts Monday .... but will the snow last that long . Hopefully yes . 
Pink 
is back in Lebanon . 
Monday , Monday .... please don't come . I really do not want you here . 
I don't want to go to school tomorrow ..... 
has way too much reading to do ..... 
thinks it is amazing that in six short months that she will have two new cousins and a goddaughter .. Like I need more family , LOL . 
is taking a break before Sociology , then reading and writing for English . 
is going to tutor on Mondays now ! 
does NOT like the weather outside ! 
is so trying to make herself crazy next semester .... 
is going to have so much fun tonight ! Game night ! 
I HATE MY COMPUTER !! 
is doing homework ... Ugh 
is bored , and misses her friends .... I so miss last week ! 
has class from 10-12 , 1-3 , then has to write an English paper , read more English , and do Sociology . 
loves her friends ! My life would suck without you all ! 
is really hating English right now . 3-5 < PROPFEMALE > draft , reading , and a quiz due tomorrow at 10 ! 
is bored , and doesn't want to work tomorrow . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > Trek with her roomie . 
doesn't want to go to work tomorrow ..... 
If anyone is working at the Scholarship Day today , can you tell me when it starts ? No one seems to know ... 
Urban Dictionary quote of the day : < PROPFEMALE > -- one of the prettiest , smartest , cutest , evil , caring , creative , talented , true punk , psycho , rioting , magic-weilding , sick acting , cute fat cheeks , puts-a-smile-on-my-face , amazing and most beautiful girls ever . actually .. the only one of her kind . hey uh ... < PROPFEMALE > . you're pretty . 
Wooo ! < PROPFIRST>'s List !!!! 
To all of you who didn't go to PostSecret tonight ... You missed the best thing you could ever know . 
Hey people from high school , come visit me ! 
What is with the commercials of people in their underwear !?!?!? Put some clothes on people ! 
is really hoping for NO CLASS tomorrow ! 
is done with her English paper . Now it is just reading for English , and studying for Psychology . Fingers crossed for a snow day !! 
has school today .... only one class though , unless she doesn't show up . I really hope that happens , even though I have to walk across campus to find out . 
is done with class ! 
What the hell ? Why is my Facebook all changed ....? 
Work tonight at 4 , Floor meeting at 10 , then homework .... Fun night . :P 
One more class , and then the weekend ! Happy Birthday Mom !!! 
is making fun of Twilight with her roommate . Fun , fun , fun ... 
is done making fun of the Twilight movie for tonight .. Now it is the book's turn . :) 
Snow schedule ! Now only one class with a test . :) 
has no more class today , and is frustrated with the new Facebook . Switch it back ! 
If anyone would like to help me by filling out a survey for my English class , please let me know . It would be GREATLY appreciated ! Please comment if you want to help , and I will send you the questions . 
If anyone would like to help me by filling out a survey for my English class , please let me know . It would be GREATLY appreciated ! Please comment if you want to help , and I will send you the questions . Especially if you are not from McKendree , but anyone is welcome to respond ! 
When is everyone's spring break ? 
One more class ! 
Speech went great ! I didn't even want to throw up , LOL . :) 
is sick , but stuck in the library because my laptop FAILS !!!! 
Does anyone have a < PROPFEMALE > computer with a charger I can borrow ?? I REALLY need it to finish my English paper !!!! 
really doesn't want to go to class today .... 
Does anyone at McK have a < PROPFEMALE > laptop with a charger I can borrow for a few hours every couple of days ? I would really appreciate it !! 
FRIDAY !! 
Hello , my name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father . Prepare to die . 
One more day ... and then , SPRING BREAK !!!!!!! 
SPRING BREAK !! 
loves the weather , but hates her laptop . Looking forward to getting it back REALLY soon ! 
Can spring break be forever ??? 
back at McK 
Governor < PROPFIRST > . Three words : NO CUTTING EDUCATION !! 
She's finally here ! 
Would anyone like to save me from this BOREDOM ? 
is trying to find out what she is taking next semester . Hopefully it won't all be changed on Friday . 
Barnett 221 
Why do you hate me Fedex ??? All I want is my laptop back ... :( 
Ugh ... how hard does it have to be to do things today ???? 
Ughhhhh .... all I want to do is take Biology this summer . Why is this so difficult to do ? 
wants to go back outside with my laptop ... 
Happy Easter everyone !! 
sitting in the Lair , watching my roomie play < PROPFEMALE > pong . 
Memphis tomorrow !!! 
Shower , bed , then tomorrow -- MEMPHIS ! 
Memphis was AWESOME ! Pics coming soon . 
posted Memphis pics ! 
not liking Wednesday afternoons so much right now . If you really need me before Rotaract tonight , text me . If not , I don't feel well enough to talk to you . 
going to bed soon , even though I still have English to do . Last day of Model < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! 
Congrats to BW Model < PROPFEMALE > delegates ! You guys were AMAZING this year ! 
My roomie needs to learn to wear warmer clothes .. 
so much to do ... so little time . How much time do I have left ??? 
hanging out and watching Glee with my roomie 
Waiting on my room check to happen . Let's hope I pass . * fingers crossed * 
doesn't want to go to class ... 
So let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ?? REALLY ?? * Feel free to copy and paste if you agree . * 
One more class , then Psychology and English writing .... When is the year over again ? :P 
One more project for Psychology , and a 10 < PROPFEMALE > English paper due on Thursday ... GRRRRR 
GLEE !!!! :D :D :D 
Done with Psychology forever !! Almost done with Speech and Sociology !! 
Ugh ... tornadoes FAIL . I really don't want to go back downstairs later .. PLEASE NO MORE 
UGHHHHH I HATE ENGLISH 
I had a GREAT time at the zoo with my roomie and < PROPFEMALE > Jenkins . :D 
is DONE with finals !! 
WOOO , I passed the WPE . :D 
Just got back from seeing Iron Man 2 . Pretty good . :D 
working on getting my room cleaned out . 
has finally found her roommate ! LOL Five more weeks to go till I'm back at McK !! 
Completely bored and ready to go back to school ! 9 more days !! 
is officially back at McK !! 
Day 2 of Sophomore year : Woke up at 7 to a air horn wake up call , just had lunch with my bestie and her roommate , now just more unpacking before a fun night tonight ! 
Does anyone know where Eisenmayer 106 is ?? If you do , please reply , I have no idea where it is . 
Four classes down , two more to go . Mondays , Wednesdays , and Fridays are going to be fun ... 
Six classes down , nothing until Wednesday ! 
World Politics : Nuclear Weapons , Genocide , and the Environment all in one class .... lots of fun . 
No class today ! 
Door is decorated , now off to the library for the first time this year ! 
Day 3 of sophomore year and still no homework ! What is going on here ?? 
FRIDAY !! Finally going home tonight !! 
One more hour .... then nothing until Monday !! 
The weekend is finally here !! 
Tuesdays are awesome ... but Wednesdays are a different story . Why can't it just skip to Thursday ? 
One more day .... just one more day , and then NO SCHOOL ! 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > , having an AMAZING time !! 
Hanging out on a Friday with < PROPFEMALE > Erbes and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !! Nothing is more fun ! 
Go Bearcats ! 
Sitting in my room , talking to Becca Mittleman . 
Making Pizza rolls , and watching TV . A nice , relaxing Saturday night . :) 
Wow , the Cardinals actually won a game .. 
I guess all good things must come to an end ... I actually have homework ! :( 
I'm so not watching the VMA's ..... LOL 
YAY , no more class today ! Just a three < PROPFEMALE > paper about something I know nothing about , two quizzes , and a discussion board posting all due on Wednesday .. 
is slightly less frustrated with things now ... 
is completely frustrated with the world right now .. 
Fall Family Weekend !! 
Stop all this lightning and just RAIN already !!! 
I'm watching House ! 
Tonight : GLEE , Tomorrow : Class :P , Thursday : OBSERVATIONS !! 
GLEE <3 
New hot guy = <3 
Damn .... new girl is GOOD . :D 
Yay ! Got a B on my math exam , and now ECON is done . One more exam this week ! 
Ugh ... stupid laptop isn't working , so who knows when it will be fixed . Hopefully it will be all better by Monday , but until then ... who knows . Plus , World Politics exam and work . Yay weekend ... :P 
working until 8 , then working 8-5 tomorrow . Good thing I'm making money out of this . :P 
Sitting at work with < PROPFEMALE > Erbes , and having lots of fun . :D 
Still at work until 5 ... 4 more hours to go . :P 
Still at work ... will it ever end ? 
Sitting in < PROPMALE > Lab .... 
is still sitting in < PROPMALE > ... 
There is not enough motivation in the world to get me to do anything else today .... :P 
How did we meet ??? ( Copy and paste to you status see who remembers ...... 
YAY , my dad is going to fix my laptop this weekend , saving me $80 . :D 
Writing my reflection about another great day at < PROPFEMALE > of Peace . Can't wait until next week ! 
McK Year 2 : Still having a great time ! I love all of my friends , my classes , and the life I have here . Now , it is time for World Politics . :D 
FRIDAY ! Two more days of being a teenager ... I'm not so sure I like that . :P 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes !! This has been a wonderful day so far . :D 
Woo , no Math test on Wednesday . Just one midterm .. on Wednesday . 
working on my Education paper , and studying for my Education midterm . Guess what I am going to do after college ? 
GLEE IS ON ! 
Wants Wednesday to be over so I can go home ! 
Can't wait until this weekend ! Homecoming game , parade , and the new dorm groundbreaking ! 
Variety Show or Hall Council ... which should I go to ? 
Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 ) Something I've learned about u by looking at ur wall for 13 seconds . 2 ) The color u remind me of . 3 ) My first memory of u . 4 ) The animal u remind me of . 5 ) Ask something I've always wondered about u . 6 ) My favorite thing about u . 7 ) Give u a weird nickname . 8 ) Challenge u ... to post this . 
I want to go HOME ! 
Homecoming Game today ! Everyone should come out and support the Bearcats at 1:30 ! 
Homecoming Weekend : Lots of volleyball , football , and ... FUN . 
GO BEARCATS !!! Great interception to win the homecoming game 24-14 ! 
Looking up grad schools ... what do I want to do after McKendree ??? 
Pumpkin carving time ! 
5am : what should be happening- sleep , what should NOT be happening- tornadoes and being woken up when nothing really happened ! 
Ok ... Glee is over now , so I need to start getting productive and finish my discussion board before Model < PROPFEMALE > . I only need to get motivated .. 
Ok ... successfully made it through my Study Abroad book . Now , it's narrowing down the countries . 
Just got back from a great speaker and dinner , and learned about the people who make our clothes ! 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I\ 
know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my \ 
friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for\ 
an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer and in support \ 
... of those still fighting . ? 
World Politics .... why do you hate me ?? 
A teacher is somewhere tonight preparing lessons to teach your children while you are watching TV . In the minute it takes you to read this , teachers all over the country are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own time for your child's literacy , prosperity , and future . It's Teacher Appreciation Week . Re-post if ... you are a teacher , love a teacher , or appreciate our teachers !! 
One more exam , work , Interact with Rotaract event , and then it's the weekend ! 
Sitting at work in the small gym . Two games going at the same time , it's CRAZY in here . LOL 
Work is over for tonight , now it's just Interact with Rotaract ! 
Working , working , working ... 
Looking through financial stuff .. it still looks like U . of Canterbury is the one ! 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN EVERYONE 
HURRY UP THANKSGIVING and I can't believe I am saying this : FINALS 
Going home this weekend !!! YAY 
This is real ... YOUR PHONE NUMBER IS NOW ON FACEBOOK ! Go to the top right of your screen , click Account then Edit Friends . Go to the left side of your screen and clickPhonebook . Everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > are now being published . Please repost to let your friends know this is happening so ...... they can remove . their < PROPFIRST > by changing their privacy settings . ( Privacy Settings-Customize Settings-Phone-Custom-Only Me ) . 
Great job McK debate team ! #1 in the nation ! Keep it up this weekend ! 
Two more classes , and then I am FREE ! ... until Monday . 
Back at school ... wishing I could still be at home , but another week awaits ! Model < PROPFEMALE > and work ! 
Papers ... homework ... work ... I hate you all right now . 
Ok ... going to bed now . Good night Facebook , good night awesome weekend .. Hello long week of BORING . 
Ok ... my paper is ALMOST done , and I finally have my lunch after 25 minute wait at 1828 . This day is pretty good so far , Model < PROPFEMALE > here I come ! 
Model < PROPFEMALE > is over ! I did have a great time in all of the committees that I helped with though over the past two days . :) 
I love all my friends ! You are all the best people ever ! 
UGH ... people need to stop complaining about stuff ! It is getting really annoying ! 
... \like\ " if someone you love is a veteran or is currently serving in our military . " 
Sitting in < PROPFEMALE > trying to read Politics stuff ... 
Stuck at work all night in a bad mood .... this is going to be fun . 
I'm at work , trying to figure out what is wrong with my laptop this time . A message to my laptop : QUIT FREEZING and let me uninstall things ! 
Why does my computer hate me !?!? Yesterday it kept freezing , and now it won't let me access the internet at all . Thank god for computer labs .. 
My laptop is hopefully fixed and ready to be picked up tomorrow ! I only wish that I had got that email before almost 10pm ... 
I think I got into all of my classes .. lets hope that I did . 
Another semester of 18 credit hours , but my days are still pretty great ! The best part : NO observations next semester ! 
My Anthropology Term Paper is DONE ! Now I just have to write two History papers and two Educations papers .. Fun times 
So ... who's all going to see HP7 Part 1 tonight ? 
So .. who wants to go see < PROPMALE > Potter with me when Christmas break starts ? 
Three more days ... three more days ... 
So bored ... stupid work tomorrow . 
Working in an hour and a half .. so I won't be able to watch PoTC3 later 
One more day until Thanksgiving break ! 
One more class then THANKSGIVING BREAK ! 
THANKSGIVING BREAK ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! See all you McKendree people on Sunday ! 
Grrrrrrr , Thanksgiving is over , back to school for two of the most stressful weeks of 2010 . THREE more days of classes , and TWO days of finals until Christmas break ! 
I love how life is sometimes ... the day before a difficult anniversary , we all get an email about a tragic McKendree loss .... and right before finals too . Ugh 
Two more weeks , and 1st semester will be over . Before I know it , I'll be a < PROPMALE > and getting ready for LONDON . :) 
Congrats to my fellow Rotaract officers for Spring 2011 !! I'm really looking forward to a great and productive semester ahead . :) 
Just helped make a really fun video with my awesome RA < PROPFEMALE > Voegele 
Woo , I get to watch Glee tomorrow ! It sounds like it was a really good one . :) 
Does anyone at McKendree know how to use the scanners in the library ? If so , let me know ASAP , since I need to scan some stuff by 8AM Friday . 
A week and a half .... a week and a half ... a week and a half ... 
Admissions essay is halfway done ! I just have to finish it , finish my portfolio , write a History paper , write the take home portion of my Politics exam , STUDY for my Politics , Math , Anthropology , History , and Education exams ... and somehow find time to go to work , and relax a bit before FINALS . 
One more paper to put in , and then scanning stuff in , and I'm done with my portfolio ! 
Education Portfolio , you are DONE . :) 
One big project down , now two papers , a take home essay question , and a discussion board to go ! 
Stupid finals .... I have to start not feeling well now . 
NO MORE CLASSES 
Someone please come save me from this boredom called work ! 
Sitting in the Lair , writing a History paper , and surrounded by sorority girls . 
Three more days and the semester is OVER ! 
One exam down , five more to go ! 
Ok ... this is getting boring . I still have another hour and a half until my next final ... 
Three finals down , now just three finals and a paper left to go ! 
I just changed my Facebook language to Pirate . So A'rrrr maties 
Um ... ok , so I will probably be in the Lair all night .. and I don't even really have anything to do tomorrow , except for study . 
Trying to study for Anthropology .... if only I actually knew which words to study . 
Ugh .... I am so bored . I really don't want to do this paper , but unfortunately , I must . It sounds better than cleaning and packing . 
Less than 24 hours and I will be HOME ! 
History paper ... DONE . Now only three exams and a quiz to go ! 
Two more finals to go ! 
Somehow this morning is going a lot faster than Monday's did ... I can't believe it is already almost time for my Anthropology final . 
Imagine all the people ... living for today . 
... I really don't want to go back to my room and clean . It'll just have to wait until after my final . 
FINALS ARE OVER ! 
I got my grades ! Surviving this year and getting on the < PROPFIRST>'s List for the third time ( as long as US History doesn't bring me down) ! 
I have a new phone ! 
Still waiting for my US History grade . It better not ruin my GPA . 
Babysitting tonight , text me later . 
I can't believe it , one of the girls that I am babysitting actually volunteered to scrub the pans of potatoes and meatloaf from dinner . Wow , just wow . 
So , where is all this ice people keep talking about ? 
Dear ice , \ 
Thank you for waiting until I don't have to go back and forth to Lebanon . I really appreciate it . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > 
I'm so bored ... 
Still waiting on my US History grade it better not bring down my GPA any more . 
< PROPFIRST>'s List three semesters in a row . 
Just a few more hours 
Lost most of my < PROPFIRST > when I got my new phone . I have the same number , so text me . 
Took the girls to Monkey < PROPFIRST>'s with dad . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
Watching my dad and his girlfriend play on the new wii . 
Got my season 1 glee DVD on sale ! 
Watching the Sound of Music ! 
Finally got my antibiotics and cough medicine . Now , on to feeling better ! 
Does anyone know where the power lines are down at in Belleville ? 
Five more days until I'm back at McK ! 
Glee time :) 
Going back to McKendree on Saturday ! 
Back at McK , and looking at me Poli Sci stuff . Do I sense some < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > vu here ? 
Classes start tomorrow ! Let's hope that books aren't too horribly expensive ... 
Got most of my books , and am now officially ready for the craziness of school starting tomorrow ! 
Spent my whole day getting ready for school tomorrow , and battling a < PROPMALE > migraine . Tomorrow needs to be better , no migraines allowed ! 
Still not feeling good , but the day wasn't half bad . Only one class tomorrow ! 
Second day of class ... and it was over in a half hour . Having only one class on Tuesday and Thursday will take some getting used to . 
Ugh ... why does everything have to go wrong ? 
It's party time ! 
On my way back home , thanks for an amazing < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( let's see who gets it and ... follows the instructions 
Dear McKendree , \ 
Please follow the lead of almost EVERY OTHER school in th area , and CANCEL school tomorrow ! kthxbai 
Why must I read this ? Why is this important ? 
Doing homework and watching a movie on a Friday night , FML 
What should I post as my favorite Youtube video ? There are so many , but not all of them are class appropriate ... 
Still at work ... 30 minutes left ! 
It is 28 degrees outside right now ... and I just walked about a mile to get a sandwich on ice covered sidewalks . No need to tell me that I am crazy , I already know . 
It's Obama time ... 
Replacing NCLB ? Finally , something Obama says has my support ! 
Interesting , very interesting . For the first time in a very long time , I was actually interested in what a President had to say during this annual speech . 
Watching the State of the Union question session . Let's hope they answer my question ! 
To all my fellow Education majors , take a look at this . www.teach.gov 
My homework for tomorrow is officially done ! 
Making dirt with the kids , having lots of fun ! 
One more class , and then I am done with class for the week . Everything else however , is another story .... Too much to do .. :P 
Back at McK for the night , possibly the weekend . Let's see how things go .. 
Question to all my McK people , why is 1828 closed at 9pm on a Friday , when it is not supposed to close until 10 ? 
Ugh ... looking at the weather does not make me feel too happy about next week . They are calling for up to half an inch of ice and three to six inches of snow on top of that . Two or three snow days , here I come . >.< 
Tonight was awesome ! I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my girls < PROPFEMALE > Burdick and < PROPFEMALE > Erbes at work , got some wings , and watched an awesome movie . How could it get better ? 
Scholarship days ... almost time to give some smart kids money . >.< 
Oh lovely , the weather report sounds even worse now . I bet we won't have school on Tuesday and Wednesday ... 
Should I stay or should I go ....? 
Going home ? Not likely ... Going somewhere ? Maybe ... 
If I end up staying , and someone needs a place to stay , let me know and we might figure something out . 
So yeah , I'm staying . Good luck to you all . 
Night classes are cancelled ... so tomorrow isn't looking too good . 
Does any one have a car that can give me a quick ride into town ? 
Ugh ... I'm bored . I should probably do some homework . 
I find it odd that none of the news stations have that McK is closed tomorrow yet , and the students have known for more than an hour . 
Apparently there are sirens going off here and in Belleville .. Testing , or something else ? 
Finally something is going on . It's sleeting .. :/ 
Soooo , does anyone think we will have school tomorrow ? 
Watching Glee . :D 
Stop the suspense and cancel school already . I really don't want to wait to get a text until 5 tomorrow morning . kthxbai 
Going to bed . Hopefully there will be a text soon . 
10am seriously ? Who cares , I'm still not going . I hope my teachers are smart and cancel class ? 
Did anyone see the sidewalks out there ? That's right , no you can't because they ar non-existant because of all the ice and snow . I'm supposed to walk to Carnegie in that later ? I think not . 
What is the point of going to class if there is only three other people there ? 
One more chapter to go for tomorrow .. then two more readings for Friday . Still hoping for that snow day . * crosses fingers * 
Ok ... homework for tomorrow is done , so going to bed . Goodnight Facebook people . 
Come to Ames before 1:15 to buy Super Bowl Raffle squares ! One for 3 , or two for 5 for a potential to win $100 ! 
Grrrrrrr , I hate homework .. Can't wait for tomorrow . 
So ... it is still really slippery outside . Evidence , I fell on the sidewalk on the way to work . Hurting , but ok . 
Going home tonight ! :D 
It's almost Glee time ! 
Just when I think Glee can't get any better , they do something like that ! 
Tonight will be a long , but enjoyable night . Start reading Pride and Prejudice , answer discussion questions , finish reading for Public Policy , start writing my draft for Romantic English Lit , and studying for a test in every class . 
Studying a semester's worth of Political Theory for a test tomorrow . Wish me luck , I'll need it . 
Hmmmmmm , what should I do ? Watch a movie , or study some more ? 
Watching 2012 on Netflix .... this is a really LONG movie . 
It's Glee time ! 
Completely loved tonight's episode of Glee ! Totally a < PROPFIRST>'s Day classic . :) 
Still studying for this test ... I better get a good grade . :P 
Ugh .. I don't know how all these politicians do it . The federal budget is just so big ! 
Looking forward to tomorrow night ! Condom Fashion Show ! with some awesome people from Barnett Hall 2010 - 2011 ! 
Watching BBC news and seeing how powerful a peaceful demonstration can be , a true representation of political freedom . Hopefully there will be a peaceful resolution soon . 
Ugh ... I hate McKendree Wireless ! 
Way to go Egyptian government ... making millions of people across your nation and thousands in your capital city angry . Good luck with all that . 
Had an amazing time at the Condom Fashion Show ! Congrats < PROPFIRST > on third place ! 
I feel like I'm high school again , reading through my Comparative Politics powerpoint and hanging out on Facebook . :P 
Happy Birthday to the best mom ever ! I hope you had a great day . :) 
Stupid commercials .. now I'm craving Buffalo Wild Wings . 
60 degrees ! Finally some warm weather ! 
Back at school with three tests tomorrow . >.< 
Studying Religion and watching a movie ... not the perfect Sunday night , but still ok . 
Happy Valentines Day ! 
Two tests and two classes down , one test to go ... 
Cleaning and writing a paper ... what a fun way to spend a Tuesday afternoon . 
Missed Glee due to work , but I heard it included < PROPFIRST > Beiber music . Maybe I needed to miss it to avoid puking from the fail music . 
It's almost ten ... and I am staring at a 1 1/2 < PROPFEMALE > draft that is due at 11 tomorrow , and I have no idea what else to say . 
Soooo yeah , I don't like Old Main anymore this time of year since I almost got stung by a wasp during my Religion class , and made a fool of myself in front of my entire class . Wonderful , just wonderful .. 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Eyre again and SURVIVOR ... so tonight is going to be a good night . :) 
Ugh ... I don't understand what is wrong with my computer now . I guess I will have to take it back to IT . 
has wings , but no ranch dressing . Boo 
Wow , watching the news from New Zealand makes me thank whatever made me decide to go to London instead . 
Ugh .... I hate my Literature class so much right now ! Midterm tomorrow , and I am no closer to ready than I was Sunday night . 
Ugh ... I really hate this semester . There is no way I will ever get these service hours done if weekly opportunities KEEP GETTING CANCELED . 
Does anyone have a Samsung phone , and is willing to let me borrow your charger occasionally this week ? 
Hey McK people , does anyone have a Samsung phone that I can borrow the charger for ? 
I really wish someone would help me out right now ... I'm going to ask again , does anyone have a Samsung phone charger I can borrow ? 
Ugh .... I hate being without my phone ! Does anyone have a charger that might work ??? 
Happy Dr. Seuss Day everyone ! Time to go make paper plate elephant masks and read books with my favorite kindergarteners ! 
Violence Prevention Center collection going on right now ! Collecting tolietries and office supplies ! 
Thanks to all the people who donated to the Violence Prevention Center ! The Rotaract Club will be collecting donations until March 15th , so just let me , < PROPFEMALE > Kayser , or any other Rotaract member know if you want to donate ! 
On the way to Springfield ! 
On the way back to Lebanon after an awesome day of lobbying in Springfield ! 
I . Hate . This . English . Paper ... that is all 
July 3rd , anyone want to go see Maroon 5 at Fair St. < PROPFIRST > ?? 
One more day at home then back to mck 
Just got out of a great job interview ! Let's hope I get it , and don't run out of hours ! 
Okkkkkk , so the Violence Prevention Center collection sponsored by McKendree's Rotaract Club has almost come to an end . Thank you so much to all who donated their time , and all of the supplies . They will go to people who need them ! 
NEW DORMS !!! 
YAY , finally done with only HALF of my research for this paper .... 
Spent two hours doing Model < PROPFEMALE > stuff . Can't wait for the next convention ! 
I should be finishing my English Lit homework ... but watching Hairspray sounds so much better . 
If you get an email from my Yahoo account today , ignore it . I think someone hacked into my account . It is getting deleted , so if you need to email me to talk about anything , send it to my McK account or tell me here . 
I really hate writing about Sweden right now ... Why did I pick this random country ? 
On the way to Memphis !! 
Having a great day in Memphis ! 
Does anyone who has already taken the Basic Skills Test at Edwardsville know where I need to go ? I'm taking it next Saturday ... 
Just got back from going to see < PROPFEMALE > Eyre with Dr. Boudreau , Dr. Greenfield , and < PROPFEMALE > . It was a really fun trip ! 
Model < PROPFEMALE > time . :) 
Does ANYONE know where the Basic Skills Test will be on Saturday ? If I can't find out from anyone , then I am calling SIUE tomorrow , and I would prefer not to have to do that ... 
Definitely enjoying myself today ... Security Council at Model < PROPFEMALE > has gone bananas . :) 
Model < PROPFEMALE > is over until the fall .. but this spring conference was truly impressing . I hope all of the seniors consider McKendree ! 
Finishing my Political Science paper , then going to Grace Fisher's concert , writing my music writeup and maybe finally getting to do some real studying for the Basic Skills Test on Saturday ... I thought that my life was supposed to get LESS busy once Model < PROPFEMALE > was over ?? I guess not .. 
Toooooo much to do with only two weeks left ... 
Why must it continue to rain and storm ?? I don't understand this ... 
Ugh ... still need to finish this powerpoint and study for a test tomorrow , but all I want is to go to bed . 
Ugh ... ANOTHER tornado warning . Do we really need more of this ? 
Tonight's events will now always be known as the Good Friday tornadoes of 2011 .. Now that's something to tell our kids/grandkids 
So yeah ... I somehow need to make my room move out ready in a little more than 24 hours . Possible ? I hope so . 
Literary Analysis paper is done ! Now , just waiting for my last room check in the Barn . :P 
Osama bin Laden is dead ... so ok , why did it take ten years to kill him ? At least we will have something to celebrate along with the ten year anniversary . 
So yeah ... Osama bin Laden is dead , so WHY DO WE STILL HAVE FINALS ? 
As of 8am , I was officially DONE with Economics forever !! .... or at least I hope so . :S 
Finals- 3 , < PROPFEMALE > - 2 ... and I'm catching up 
One more exam , one more final paper , one more research paper , and a few more journals , packing one more room , and I am DONE with my Sophomore year ! 
Two more journals , then two Intro . to Political Science papers , then studying for my Public Policy final , then packing , then cleaning , then GOING HOME ! 
IT'S SUMMER TIME 
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms that are with us and not with us today . 
Got my grades : STRAIGHT As ... now just waiting for my Basic Skills test results 
Straight As , but I'm still only good enough to be on the < PROPFIRST>'s List . Stupid A- s ... 
Wtf ?? The only part of the basic skills test that was seemingly easy was the part I didn't pass . Now I have to go through all of this all over again . Fml 
Loving my half price coconut cream frappuccino ! 
I'm so tired of people who are supposed to be adults acting like children . I deal with enough children thank you very much . 
So yeah ... I'm at work , but already ready to go home . There are only so many cartoons one adult can watch before going insane ... 
It's FRIDAY ! :) 
Anyone free on Sunday ? I'm wanting to go see Maroon 5 at Fair St. < PROPFIRST > , and if anyone wants to go with me , let me know ! 
Watching So You Think You Can Dance with < PROPFEMALE > Chenoweth as a guest judge ! 
One more day until the four day weekend ! 
I'm really glad I decided not to go out to Fair St. < PROPFIRST > tonight . It would have been a < PROPMALE > waste of time . I really hope to see them again in concert soon ! 
With all the fireworks going off outside , it's sounds like we are getting bombed . 
Going to Walmart with Mom to get my new school stuff ! 
August can't come fast enough ! 
This school year is going to be epic ! 
Watching SYTYCD with mom . :) 
Who is going to see < PROPMALE > Potter this weekend ? 
It's official , I'm having a < PROPMALE > Potter movie marathon tomorrow . One problem , I'm missing half the movies ! LOL 
Can't July just end already ?? 
Ugh ... who's idea was it for me to be president of Rotaract ? 
Watching So You Think You Can Dance with mom . It just makes you want to get up and dance ! 
I hate that I have seen like a million statuses about < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse and nothing about the almost 100 people dead in Norway and the thousands of people dead of starvation in Africa . 
Is it August yet ? 
Omg ... when will this political circus end ? I'm getting so tired of this ! 
Just bought four books for school .... and pretty much wiped out my entire bank account . This is the part I hate about school . 
Thank you Kindle for having two of my school books ! Now all I need are all my other books to be available on there .... but I doubt that'll happen . :P 
Will Lady Gaga ever dress like a normal person ? I mean , seriously !?! 
I really wish people would answer their emails .... 
Got my old phone back , so I'll be texting people my number again in a little bit . Message me if you want it . 
< PROPFEMALE > , the most AMAZING dancer I have ever seen ! I hope you WIN tonight ! Just a few more minutes . :D 
Still two more weeks until I move back into McKendree ... two weeks too long ! 
These next eight days can not go fast enough !! I can't wait to move back into the dorms at McK ! 
One more week until < PROPMALE > year begins ! 
My year is 2002\ 
I was 11 , 12 by the end of the year . \ 
I was living in Belleville with my mom and my dad ( different homes)\ 
I was in sixth grade that year . \ 
My two favorite activities were reading and hanging out with my friends . \ 
I can't remember what my biggest fear was ... probably failing a test or something :P \ 
\ 
Like my status and I will give you a year . 
Having breakfast with my mom , and ready to start a great day ! 
Doing laundry ... why does it have to be so boring ? 
Packing up and moving back to McK tomorrow ! 
Moved in and unpacking ! 
You know you are back at McK when you can hear the Marching Bearcats playing outside from your window . :) 
Just a few more days until my < PROPMALE > year at McKendree begins ... where has the time gone ? 
All the roomies are here . Yay ! :) 
At the Hett with my roomies ! More pictures later . :) 
Yeah , so it's like 11:30 ... and I'm ready for bed . What kind of college student am I ? LOL 
Just had an AMAZING time with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Chambers ! 
One more day until classes start ! 
Getting ready for a great year at McKendree ! Classes start tomorrow , as do the seemingly endless stream of meetings and activities for Rotaract ! 
So yeah ... Involvement Fairs are lots of fun . Too bad I got a sunburn . :P 
If anyone is in Bio 101 , and has the correct lab book , can I borrow it to copy the pages for lab next week ? I'll really appreciate it if you can help me out ! 
It's almost Friday ! I can't wait to come home this weekend . :D 
< PROPMALE > year at McK has really helped me learn so much about my future career as a teacher ! I am really looking forward to the rest of the year ! 
Home for the weekend ! See you all on Tuesday . :) 
Does anyone have a pair of close toed shoes around a size 10 that I can borrow for a few hours tomorrow morning ? I don't particularly want to miss Bio Lab ... 
I had a great time at the Missouri History Museum today ! Pictures to come ... 
When I was 17\ 
I wanted to be : A teacher\ 
I was in a relationship with : Myself\ 
I was scared of : Needles , Bees/Wasps\ 
My good/best friends were : < PROPFEMALE > Altman , < PROPFEMALE > Watkins , < PROPFEMALE > Laramore , < PROPFIRST > Reed\ 
I lived in : Belleville , Illinois\ 
Like this and I'll give you an age . 
Ready to be bored for another hour ... 
Watching Glee ... OMG 
My inner gleek has officially returned ! 
Just back from Arby's , and watching the Amazing Race ! 
It's tango time ! 
Watching some AMAZING marching bands at McKendree . Go Bearcats ! Go Marching Maroons ! 
It's annoying sometimes , no matter where the competition is ... O'Fallon still always pwns Belleville West . On the other hand , great job tonight Marching Maroons ! 
Thanks everyone so much for all the birthday messages ! I had an amazing birthday , and I'm looking forward to another wonderful year ! 
It's time to make a fool of myself playing Just Dance with < PROPFEMALE > Erbes and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Bowling and drinking margaritas with my dad , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > 
Ugh .... I am so bored right now . I hate being sick . :P 
Seriously , is there anyone besides me who is not going to the Homecoming dance tonight ?? 
Tonight was a great night ! Dinner with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Whitman , and pumpkin carving . Now I'm going to do my lab homework and get excited for tomorrow . :D 
Does anybody really know how we met everybody on our friend list ? Here is a task for you I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment copy this to your status so I can do the same . You will be amazed at the answers you get in 12 hours !!!!! 
