im an asshole 

Ní féidir liom fanacht < PROPFEMALE > mo ghrá mo shaol 
I want to live like theres no tomorrow , smile for no reason , laugh for the sake of laughing , and love because its real 
i am having the best day ever 
i need more beer i\m still thinking straight dammit " 
doesn't get drunk .. I get chemically inconvenienced .. 
a pessimist is an optimist with experience 
just deleted a virus off of everyones < PROPFEMALE > because an asshole named < PROPFIRST > thinks he can mess with me boy is going to learn a lesson 
is in an open relationship with alcohol ... and it's complicated 
I want a down home , Up-with-the-sun-rise man , A pick-up truck driving , Bull riding , Strong steady hand , I want the Wranglers , Stetson , and all that stuff , I want the real McCoy , I want a Cowboy 
went from being bitter to the happiest girl in the world by a phone call 
shot pong im winner 
another sleepless night no bueno 
Just a lesson for men- women always have the last say in an argument , because when men talk , its the beginning of another argument . Learn it and shut up 
driving home no traffic love it 
do not play solitaire when your feet are numb 
life is like a box of chocolates and right now im on the nasty creme flavor whens the next caramel filled 
I'm all out of Captain < PROPFIRST > i guess its time to move on to the Skyy 
i just realized my give a damn switch is broken and stuck off 
i love my cookie hes as twisted as i am 
Dont we all love drama at 4 am it makes me want to take the bat to the fuckers head 
ah headache 
tonight is a good night for mystery in space #75 
Rush makes me happy 
Goodyear is the perfect beginning to a mini vaca before college off to the prison in a bit for the ceremony and to get felt up because of the wire in my bra . 
Leaving Mesa again for the weekend Yay 
30 < PROPMALE > to go and im home yay except that its getting hotter 
I loved school today except coming home and doing homework and notes for 5 hours 
learning the skeleton fun fun 
you are an infidel 
offroading and fishing tonight is going to be good 
lost control and almost crashed 4 times , hit a 30 ft cactus , tipped the truck , got stuck in canyon , drove into the lake , barely made it over hills , got lost for 45 mins .... the back pain is totally worth it but next time im driving now its time for pancakes 
fun times eating taquitos and talking to < PROPFEMALE > in the qt parking lot at 1 in the morning 
I'm in the mood to play some rockband 
kill me 
there is a problem when only one person is on to chat 
just got back from the lake did some wakeboarding for the first time definitely need to go again 
time to clean house for this weekend and get ready for Utah next week 
booga booga booga 
leaving for Utah for week 
now entering Utah and this trip is not going well someone slap me when I get back 
hmm sitting in a hotel room in Cedar City Utah its pretty here but boring right now I want to come back for the Shakespeare Festival in July 
discovered the guy in the room above me is a crackhead 
2 days left then Im coming home 
well hello Vegas 
conquering the world one idiot at a time 
its frickin hot outside someone turn down the sun 
ima win ima win ima win 
i dont like the word hate but i hate my car and i hate < PROPMALE > 
i would just like to say thank you baby jesus for turning down the sun like i asked and giving us 2 days of beautiful weater 
tomorrow i forget to respect my elders and slap an old bitter divorced plastic wannabe < PROPFEMALE > mormon that no one likes for her mouth towards me and my friend and calling him a sob 
Going to Butcher Jones tonight around 8pm if you want to join us text me 
is the woman the devil has a Restraining Order against :) 
turned on fit tv to work out and saw the worst dance workout video ever 
In the 90's we had < PROPMALE > in office . We also had < PROPMALE > Hope and < PROPFIRST > Cash . Now we have Obama in office and we have no Hope and no Cash ... 
the last airbender was not a good movie if you have seen the cartoon wait for it to come out on redbox so your not disappointed and wasting $9 
bah humbug 
i just found out that one of the 2 guys of my dreams is married gay that runs my night 
im ready for some camping who wants to go in august 
< PROPMALE > showed the camaro probably 10 times i show it once and its gone 
20 days til people start running scared 
Got a new phone so I lost everyones number so text me please 
\It's never too late to become the person you might have been . \ " \ 
I'm tired of talking ' bout it Wasting my time\ 
On all the cheap talkers needing me feeding me lines\ 
Give me somebody who's tender but tough\ 
Simple and honest Knows a thing or two about love\ 
I've seen enough to know I know what I like\ 
It's the hard working head turning rugged type 
<-- LOOK IT'S MY NAME ! Well at least i think it is . 
all I can say about the back-to-school section of walmart is RIDE THE PIG !!!!! 
5 days just 5 more days 
sunday night powerhour t midnight 
21 in 1 hour 45 minutes 
14 at the vine in tempe 
I don't want to go to the doctor tomorrow 
I want Waffle House 
All I hear is stupidity and selfishness . 
Been working since 8am and still working . I'm exhausted and can not seem to catch up on sleep . 
work again someone shoot me please or break my leg so i can work from home 
< PROPMALE > and busters for games and drinks then dinner and a movie and off to the casino tonight is going to be a good night 
Ho bisogno di < PROPFEMALE > pausa 
ricevendo i miei capelli fare domani 
my chihuahua had her puppies 1 boy 1 girl 
\All meaningful and lasting change starts first in your imagination and then works its way out . Imagination is more important than knowledge . \ " < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
girl scout cookies on sell now $4 this years cookies are thin mints tagalongs samoas do-si-dos trefoils and lemon chalet cremes let me know if you want some ! 
So happy with my droid x 
I'm bitter today like a mothertrucker 
Happy as a fat kid with cake 
I think its time to get pampered 
Anyone want 2 water turtles a tank and light 
Another night in paradise ! 
