Oil spill 

Who wants to go see The devil wears prada and Miss May I with me on either August 13th or August 14th ? Let me know whats best for you so i can take the day off . It's at the social ..... so yea . <3 
One of my favorite bands , 3oh3 ! has a new CD . If you like white boys trying there hand at rapping check it out . It's called Streets of Gold . 
Dude . My cable sucks . Logo's always down :( I miss my people . 
Supposedly when I take you to melbourne I try to crash my car and jump out with vodka and a flamethrower . I know i'm awesome :) 
Anyone want to go to Busch Gardens with me and my roommates on Thursday ? 
Down to 180 . Only thirty more pounds until i reach my goal of 150 ! 
Now clap your hands to the sound of first borns dying now . * Clap , Clap , Clap * Shit i'm still here ...... Maybe next time Oli . 
MY CAR SMELLS LIKE VOMIT ! IT'S AWESOME !!!! 
Kegger ? Kegger ! 
Iwrestledabearonce just released \It's All Happening\ " Deluxe . Pick that shit up bitches ! " 
CREEEEEAAAAM ! 
( and i will ) be there when you get home and i will be there when you become all you hate all you hate when you become you have to see the floor 
Playing the original Starcraft ? Hellz to the Yeaz ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ellison got a dui ..... AWESOME ! 
Ahhh ! My kitten's trying to eat my arm ! 
I hate Wal-Mart . BUT i just got a raise .... so YAY ! 
got aim . msg me at agatg4life 
We’ve planted a seed , an ever growing wonder to a beautiful tree . Grow . Each branch outstretched and different from the last . Where the old have broken , some easier than the last . The right ones have grown in to fill in the gaps . And all are equal in love and trust . 
I'm part of a proud and extremely happy group of people . WE ARE RECRUITING ! Join up now or die when we take over . :) 
I FUCKING HATE WALMART AND CUSTOMERS 
How do you explain all the dead unicorns ? 
Why do you get me when no one else does ? 
The gay man's guide to loving < PROPFIRST > Bush .... really ? 
Gay republicans deserve to be happy .... Well some of them do .... Well this one seems nice . 
No more Nabil ? I Set My Friends On Fire won't be the same ever again .... AND of course he leaves like three weeks before i see them live for the first time . Fuck Epitaph .... Seriously . 
I'm sorry Angel . I guess I like < PROPMALE > more than I thought i would <3 
Hey Angel , Where the cockroach at ? I think he's staring at you again lol 
I fucking hate < PROPMALE > the conqueror ..... Seriously , if you are that much of a pussy , then why ride the rides ??? I'm scared of heights .... SERIOUSLY ? Then don't jump off the building , stfu and go cry yourself to sleep . 
Would you go to Malaysia for me ? 
Hopefully i'm gonna go to sleep . Otherwise , i'll prbly be on all night lol . 
There was a barber and his wife , and he was beautiful , A real proper artist with a knife but they transported him for life <3 
Listening to I was Once Possible Maybe Perhaps a Cowboy < PROPMALE > and am so fucking stoked for Thrash and Burn it Hurts . 
Opertain Repo is fucking hilarious . 
I love trolling profiles and seeing those freaky man/women suicidal emos .... Makes my day 100 peeercent better . 
Anger < PROPMALE > .... I don't know what language that is but you best tell me or i'm gunna keeeel you <3 
I'm getting a hair cut .... noooo . 
So excited . I got a job interview tomorrow !!!!! And then on sunday , WARPED TOUR !!! 
Theres a bitch in my living room and i luv her ! <3 
I got the job ! 
Oh yea , btw . I don't have ANY hair anymore .... Like at all . It totally sucks . And i'm not posting a new pic for a while cuz .... i miss my hair ;( 
Not if cat jaw has something to do with it !!! 
is excited to start Orientation on wednesday , and then work 40 hours in training ! 
Whos going to see < PROPFEMALE > Lampenelli in November ? 
Anyone know where Warped tour is for sure ? ON the tickets it says Firestone Lot , online it's now saying Central Florida Fairgrounds BUT on the firestone website it still says warped tour .... 
Children are just abortions who eat LOL 
Warped Tour Tomorrow !!!! 
I just wanted to let all you bitches and hos know that you ain't no family . 
Bitch looks like she has a wig on . Why would you die your hair that colour when you're so pale ? Somebody needs to slap some sense into her before she's bald . 
Almost time to leave . YAY ! The breakfast of champions will be very soon ! 
Warped Tour was fucking amazing . That's all i gotta say . If you weren't there , I really feel bad for you . 
Oh goodness the Christians are reproducing AGAIN ! Why oh why can't they just use a condom ....... 
loves seeing bands that sucked the last three times you saw them and then they put on an amazing show and completely turn around how you felt about them ! 
Goodnight all my facebook fans . I love you all . Well , except for a few . And you know who you are . <3 <3 <3 <3 
There is no possible way you could drive your rocket car over that , sir . 
I'm about to go crazy with nerves . I got that orientation thingy 2m and i'm like sooo nervous . They're expecting so much out of me and i don't know if i can deliver . OH well , we'll find out 2m . 
Dude , every one needs to calm down about this lady gaga illuminati thing . I'm so sorry I even said anything , I was joking and now i've got like five people freaking out at me , saying i ruined gaga for them and blah blah blah . I WAS FREAKING KIDDING ! People on the internet are crazy . Don't read too much on what they say . 
Why are we looking for apartments again ? We're under lease . Answer : Cuz i found this fucking book , stfu . Heh ? 
What movie should i See Salt or Inception ? 
I keeel you ! 
Angel , we're halfway there on the money situation ! 
I have 24 kids and 23 grandkids .... WTF ! stop havin babies . IDIOT 
Angel < PROPMALE > , Thank you for getting me back into A Softer World ! 
If anyone knows Tristen in Titusville let her know that < PROPFIRST > is going to Kick her fucking ass . You don't do that to my friend . Never . And if you know where she stays let me know . Becuase this shit is real and a motherfucker is going to die . 
Just realized that i Sold my 360 to preorder the new halo reach special edition one , and all of my saved games are gone ..... God damn i'm fucking retarded when i'm tired . 
He looks like batman <3 
Thursday . Is . Going to blow my mind away . It sucks i have to work 2m . 
Hit the Lights . It's BAAAR Time . \ 
Useless waste of human flesh , Fucking everything you see . Body like an hourglass , But a soul just like a succubus . No , I will not fall victim to your disease , Or your hideous vagina trap . Like fucking a malady filled gangrenous wound , I want nothing to do with you . Love is dead instead , You'd rather give head . You're life is meaningless . Love is dead instead , You'd rather give head . 
Boycott TARGET ! 
Gonna watch some Silent Hill . Gonna be intense <3 
is so excited about tomorrow that i simply can't wait ! < PROPFEMALE > grin ftw ! 
Does anyone know if Mr. Parker is still teaching at Cocoa High ? 
Who wants to adopt an old person with me ? I need help feeding and cleaning it , so .... 
OH god , I am so freaking sore . Why do shows have to fuck my neck up so bad ? Totally worth it though , just wish I could get out of moving Heavy Shit at work <.< 
I HATE family Automart . I really wish they couldn't afford to have commercials . 
Read each sentence aloud . Try not to make a mistake . \ 
\ 
This is this cat . \ 
This is is cat . \ 
This is how cat . \ 
This is to cat . \ 
This is keep cat . \ 
This is a cat . \ 
This is dumbass cat . \ 
This is busy cat . \ 
This is for cat\ 
. This is forty cat . \ 
This is seconds cat . \ 
Now read each third word in each sentence . LOL 
Bury that money in pickle jars in your backyard WOOT ! 
Best Song EVER ! \ 
Let's just stop , drop everything , ( forget each other's names ) forget each other's names , And just walk away . \ 
Turn around and head in different directions , Like we never , it's like we never knew each other at all . We said what we feel , then we stop ourselves , And just walk away . Never looking back , Loving every second of it , we just walk away . 
Check out Eyes Set To Kill . I like like like . It really really sucks that they're not coming down with IWABO .... wtf why is Florida getting left out ? 
Working on my laptop , so I might not respond for a while . Love ya all tho . <3 
I knew this was going to end . I'm just surprised by how fast it all fell apart . 
I really need to find a midget with some gin . 
So instead of going in at 11pm I now have to go in at 7 and who knows when i'll get off ? Supposed to have gotten off at 6 am but now i'm hoping 2 and not having to do an 11 hour shift ..... maybe . 
Hopefully will be moving sooooon AGAIN !!! WooT 
Just got home from work .... Went in early at 7pm and just got off at like 345 am and I did EVERYTHING even though I was supposed to be training . All the manager and other associate did was talk shit about everyone that worked there . Fuck that and Fuck them . This is the crap I left < PROPMALE > world for , and I'm done . 
I know someone who has a colostomy bag .... MSG me and find out ! 
There is a hell , i've seen it . There is a heaven , lets keep it secret . <3 October 5th ! 
GOT A PS3 !!! YAY 
Might be moving back in with my parents for awhile :( 
Work is finally getting better .... Thank god , i was afraid it was time to start job hunting again . 
Shadows cannot hold hands <3 
I love you angel < PROPMALE > . For life . You may be the only one who truly gets me <3 
Fuck yes , < PROPFEMALE > grin . 
Why does work always try to call me in and why are they surprised when i'm sleeping and don't pick up ? Plus it was the cape store , wtf ..... god i hate my life . 
ewww . All I've gotta say is EWWW >.> 
I'll stop stabbing when you stop screaming . <3 
The new TDWP EP is so fucking amazing that i can't believe I was worried they would start sucking lol . Check it out ! 
Hahahahahaha < PROPFEMALE > HACKED MY SPACE .... ( i love you jameson ) ........ 
A stupid bitch really needs to die . Angel knows who i'm talking about . 
Why the hell does quiznos have such freaky commercials ? Definetly makes me not want to eat there . 
Why do i love Killwhitneydead so much ? 
Are you ready to run ? I've been waiting patiently for this . Are you ready to die ? \ 
Alesana <3 Best song EVER ! 
I just thought the chocolate sauce was diarrhea . 
OH my god . The new The Devil Wears Prada EP is fucking intense . \ 
www.myspace.com/tdwp 
Someone needs to come over and kill the GIGANTIC wolf spider that somehow magically found it's way into my bathroom . PLEASE and thank you . 
Angel < PROPMALE > , the new BMTH song is even better than the WCAR song and the new TDWP ep . What now biatch ? <3 
Reno 911 ftw !!!! 
Just got home from work * < PROPFEMALE > SIGH * Supposed to go apartment hunting with Angel < PROPMALE > but I don't know if that's going to happen BECAUSE i'm tired ..... and I gotta be back at 11 pm tonight . 
OMG Lickers ! 
Just got home from work , thank god the OLD people are out in droves today . Creepers . 
Fucking regions is closed ? Huh ? Today is not a holiday , is it ? Damn them .... 
I just bought pants , and now they're too big . WTF .... 
FML ! Literally . 
<.< Apparently my hair is too long and I have to get a haircut ..... I don't see how it's long , but I guess friday i'll have to get my hair trimmed for the first time in a month and a half ...... 
I seriously hate everyone and the whole world right now . Please just leave me alone for awhile . If i want to talk to you , I'll call you . Otherwise , you're pretty much dead to me for a couple of weeks . There are a lot of you , and you damn know who you are . 
How about i just hate everyone for a little while , and you can just forget you ever knew me ? 
>.< I'm so freaking bored . \ 
0____0 If i didn't have to work tomorrow , I'd prolly be doing something tonight . But ... I'm lazy ! 
This is satisfaction . In it's most beautiful state . Beautiful state . \ 
-Forgive and Forget , Miss May I . 
Goodbye and GOOD RIDANCE !!!!!!! 
Who wants to go out and try something new tomorrow ? 
Grrrrr . All i've gotta say is Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr . I'm soooo tired of overnights . AND they keep on giving me more nights . FML ! 
Hahahaha . Some kids are so stupid they should just stop breathing and die . 
It's moving day !!!!! 
Dude i hate not having high speed internet anymore . It really really sucks . Dial up blows . 
Thanks alot Bring Me The Horizon . You totally let me down , and now I unfortunately have to say that you are no longer my favorite band . All i gotta say if fuck you < PROPMALE > , I hope you get fucking prostate cancer and die alone . Atleast < PROPFEMALE > Grin can still bring it . 
All I gotta say is i just smacked a ho and she paid me to do it ! 
How about we say fuck you to smoke free day . I'll be smoking everywhere . Come and join me . If you don't want to breathe my smoke walk the fuck away from me assholes ! 
Work 2nite . YAY no sleep from last night . I love overnights . They are so much fun ! Maybe we'll get robbed tonight ! 
Angel is totally getting raped right now and I love it . 
Practice what you preach BITCH ! 
Fuck that shit . < PROPFIRST > Grin is totally naked right now ! WHAT ? Fuck that , yes I'm on drugs . 
LETS ADOPT A BEANIE BABY ! 
Fucking Drunk ! What ? Angel you need to calm down . 
Angel < PROPMALE > is the shit . Her < PROPMALE > is HUGE . omg , I wanna suck it 
