I feel it deep within , its just beneath the skin , i must confess that i FEEL LIKE A MONSTER ! 

Hard to find how I feel , controlling me every step of the way . 
Two faced ! I feel you crawling under my skin . Sickened by your face ! By the way , to think that you're so fucking kind ? You ain't! 
what meaning do the words we speak really have ? 
it seems the whole experience is , Terrible and crippling . The pain is much more than , Physical beyond belief . When we're alone . 
more than i can say 
aint nothin do but the cha ! -cha ! 
two doctor appointments today .... it never ends ! 
toe is almost healed from being broken . woop ! and what a damn day ..... :-/ 
Sometimes the things get so faded How is it that you can't see ? Sometimes life seems overrated Makes my heart slowly bleed 
is there more to life than this ?.... 
bak from work .... wut to do now .... 
Dont tell me , im getting sentimental now ?!? 
back from class , idk what to do now .... 
heading over caseys to bother her . Shhh ! she doesnt know , lol 
You tear me down and then You pick me up . You take it all and still it's Not enough . You try to tell me you can Heal me , But I'm still bleeding And you will be the Death of Me ! 
How I long to regress . To the days before I took upon myself . The obsessions of this world . A day of innocence equating beauty . For tomorrow may fall . And today is already gone . 
new blog on myspace , check it . cuz life is shit 
lifes got you down , take fuckitol 
everything has lost its purpose 
FUCK 
Twisting and turning , unable to sleep . DO THE VOICES EVER STOP ?! My thoughts speak louder the more I resist . AND THEY'RE DRIVING ME INSANE ! DO THEY EVER GO ?! 
exam tonight . :-( 
one day at a time 
chillin ' 
flighing high , in the sky 
done the damn HW , now its time to relax 
home from work , waiting for comcast to show up , and gotta do homework too . and i thought i was gonna be able to relax ... damnit . 
been sick for over a week , and still sick . this sucks so much ! :-( 
once you know , you newegg ! yerp yerp 
sleep , then homework ... o ... such joy ................ :-( 
fuck being sick 
sitting in class listening to a lecture about everything I just read ....... :-/ 
just got done working a 10.5 hour day ...... 
finally done work for the weekend . 28 hours in 3 days ..... 
easter .... another holiday the christians stole from pagans ! The EASTER < PROPFEMALE > is the oldest pagan symbol of fertility ! Sunrise services are for worship of the SUN GOD , NOT JESUS ! Jesus was ' resurrected ' at NIGHT ! As the early church tried to convert the Pagans , it adapted the Old Religion's traditions into Christianity in order to facilitate attaining its goal ! 
another night of class is over , only one more month of this BS 
lost in the sauce ?! 
lost in the sauce ?!?????????? 
train a dragon ? sure i will . ;-) 
ughhhhh 
class sucks sooooo much ! Arghhhhhhh . I miss my baby < PROPFIRST > 
smoke break at work then to the danish ....... Woop woop . And remeber , if ur bored , ur not working . 
wooahoooohhhhhhh ! 
is getting nauseated from the lack of personal confrontation and expression people procure from their cumpulsive need for attention deficient in rationalization . 
is getting nauseated from the lack of personal confrontation and expression people procure from their cumpulsive need for attention deficient in rationalization that is miscontrued as social communication . 
a ridiculusly chaotic weekend . 3 papers to write , a final to do , a presentaion to finish , 5 case projects , and all of this i have todo during a drill weekend ! :-( 
crazy week , and still going 
at < PROPFIRST > browns devouing everything 
If you choose never to go too far , than you will never know how far you can actually go . 
will it blend ? that is the question 
when does the line that you cross become the edge of a < PROPMALE > ? 
its all just a waste of time ! 
ugh , best buy again 
SSDD 
google ' foxconn suicides ' and see wut ur supporting when u buy an Apple product ! 
u all are heartless if u dont see what Apple is causing . Google ' foxconn suicides ' and leave ur thoguhts below . 
no more military 4 < PROPFEMALE > ! 
ssdd every day all day 
show me the wayyyyyy !! 
fuckin hot as helllllll out 
Last exam tonight 
fuck it , fuck u , fuck this . work tomorrow cause of damn parade . drank today at my gparent with my gmom , it was a fun experience , but in the end , why the fuck am i doing all of this ?! why the fuck do i even bother . i know i am better than this . i always have been , yet i always roll over and deal with all the BS as if it were a normal part of my daily life , when BEFORE , it NEVER was ........ it should never have been 
so , was anyone elses 4th of july , mundane , boring , pointless , meaningless , aggravating , relaxing , retreated , soical , lonely , ridiculous , enlightening , but overall just a waste of a fucking day in their life ! sry independence day , but u were one of the most disappointing days i have had this year . fuck off ! 
damnn parade ..... 
5AM , knockin on the back door at work , who could it be ? FOX NEWS .... 
fireworks ? 
where do i be ? 
< PROPFEMALE > ....... fuck yea ! 
u know its fucking hot when u go outside to cool off at work . 
The candlelight melts all my shadows away . \ 
Thanks for the hate cause its fueling my flames . \ 
You can't control us . No ! \ 
I think your losing control ..... 
degeneration , dislocation\ 
and always hunting for the ones to lead you . \ 
\ 
no aspiration , no ambition 
We ride together , we die together ! 
this war is ours ! and fucking < PROPFIRST > is comin up !!! fuck yea ! so fucking excited !!!!!!!!! 
live with no regrets , love wut you have , stay strong during your sorrows , always stand tall , and always remember who you are . 
resting for tonight , woop 
party at the crib TONIGHT ! Got a keg and peeps . Txt me for details ! 6096808197 . The more the better ! bYOB 
Scissor-me-timbers !!!! 
bark like a kitten 
just saw < PROPFIRST > darko for first time .... idk wut ppl were talking about when they said that movie is amazing , cuz i didnt see anything special . evil rabbit , whooptie-doo . 
MARI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JU !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ANA !!!!!!! 
what the fuck do i need scissors for ? 
its raning its pouring , all the stoners are snoring ..... except me . 
is there something im forgetting today ...? 
i rly feel like im forgetting something ...... hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm . 
Power to the ppl 
revolution 
starting over 
im goin !!! --- wait- where was it again ? 
dont you just hate it when some asshole butts into ur business . its fucking ridiculous , childish , immature , and pathetic . nuff said . 
this is fucking ridiculous 
hmmm .............. 
excited for the dinner < PROPFIRST > and i are gonna be cookin ! 
workworkwork 
work work work 
no work tomorrow . Woooo ! 
bullshit 
smack my bitch up ! Woo ! At work ..... 
Waiting for tonight 
crazy night with jason . but a good crazy . Love love love ! 
Watching jersey shore , drinking , with the bf . Love love love 
Training new guy at work . Fun fun fun 
Ugh 
Same shit different day . What else is new ? 
Some people are just stupid and annoying sometimes 
I don't have time to be on facebook when I have a bf , a job , and of course STARCRAFT 2 ! gnite fools . 
10 hour work day ..... at least vacation is on mofos ! 
sometimes things happen that you never expect . that you could never imagine . that you do not know how to deal with , but try because there is not any other way to move on . There really is not anything that can be done . no other choice .... 
and the phone just keeps on ringing .... 
It is sad what happened 
........ 
one month before this is all over 
2 more months before 21 , already planning my escape to drinkland 
breakfast taquitos ! different , possibly strange , but delicious ? i think so . 
so how would you feel if the past 2 years of your life disappeared in one night ? drowned in alcohol and blood . 
If everyone cared and nobody lied then we'd see the day when nobody died 
...................... 
Arg hhh fuck it fuck it fuck it 
... So if I don't booze it , I'm gonna lose it . \ 
Everybody get to it , do it , get RUINED ! 
trying to survive 
started going back to the gym today . figured since no one else is going to make me happy , i might as well start making myself happy and stop waiting on people that suck . 
going into the wilderness to get lost in the void . if i am found , just let me be . you cannot walk away with me . SNAP 
Ssdd 
wake up 
my bottle is empty 
ughh , class till 1220 , then 600 to 830 tonight . nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
ive got to get away 
tender is the fur , dying as you pur ! im out bitches 
we'll call that one , a RAMBURGLAR !!!! 
baby is dead 
It seems that there is nothing left . \ 
No honor , no respect . \ 
Your mind is just as confused as the next . \ 
Keep your opinion to yourself ! \ 
Go take your opinion with you , \ 
Cause I don't want to hear it , \ 
Go take your decisions with you , \ 
Cause I don't need to hear them ! \ 
( You know exactly who you are ) 
no pain no gain 
but i dont lose it after i BIC it ! 
class , HELP ! 
Wise Men say , \It looks like rain today\ " \ 
muhahahaaaa 
long day of work and school tomorrow . :-/ 
home from work , and OMG , i so hate craft shows , a whole bunch of ppl with too much damn time trying to sell crap that nobody wants to buy ! but no worries though , tonight , an epic adventure will take place .... to imagination land . :-D hehehe 
omg , so ... apparently lady gaga thinks she is a politician now . LOL 
class .... damn . 
I have kissed < PROPFEMALE > lips , felt the healing in [ his ] fingertips\ 
It burned like a fire , this burning desire\ 
I have spoke with the tongue of angels\ 
I have held the hand of a devil , it was warm in the night\ 
I was cold as a stone\ 
But I still haven’t found what I’m looking for\ 
No , I still haven’t found what I’m looking for 
out and about , then sleep , then work ...... story of my life 
hanging with < PROPFEMALE > ! so EXCITED !!! :-D 
back in black 
It's hard to wait around for something you know may never happen , but it's even harder when you know it's everything you want .... 
It'll make you say \oh god 
hahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahaahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ! 
one day ill be floatin in the skyyy 
done work . gym , then school . THEN funnnn 
Balance is the keyword for this sign , and when it comes to keeping everything on an even keel , a Libra will lead the pack . Peace loving and judicial , this sign abhors being alone . Partnerships are very important for the Libra , especially those on a personal level . With their winning personalities and cooperative style , THEY AREN'T APT TO BE ALONE FOR LONG ! I soooo love my sign ! :-D 
poo poo kachoo 
less than a month 
omg , i really do not remember doing shots last night ! i remember alot of things , but not shots ! :-O 
May we all find strength during this time of depair . May we all find happiness during saddening times . May we all love one another , when such suffereing is present . May we all find our way home together , within the loving arms of our Lord and Lady . Blessed be our journey ! 
got home from work , just got back from gym , waiting for tonight , fright factory , movies , food , and FUN ! 
went to fright factory this weekend . it was awesome ! 
fuck MATH ! 
fuck android phones , they never work right ! 
finally , 21 arrives ! now it's just downhill from here , haha 
two things im going to do now that im 21 :\ 
1 . love life as much as i can\ 
2 . grow a crazy beard 
work just sucks fucking balls . if anyone knows any place hiring within their IT department , PLEASE let me know ! i need a new job ASAP . 
Blah 
people are crazy 
crazy , are people 
Happy Samhain everyone ! May the ones who have passed on find their way home to Summerland . <3 
republicans might have won the house , but the democrats still hold the senate ! idk if thats a good thing or not ...... but california has a new governor ! some old guy that seems pretty bad ass ! but pitman is still full of and being run by dumbass conservative assholes !!! :-( 
FACT OF LIFE : nothing ever fucking works out the way we imagine it ! fuck everything 
home from a 10 hour day at work , now its time for homework .... :-/ 
waking up sucks 
Everyone call NJ senators < PROPFIRST > Lautenberg @ ( 202 ) 224-3224 and < PROPFIRST > Menendez @ ( 202 ) 224-4744 and tell them that you support the Secretary of Defense < PROPFIRST > Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Admiral < PROPFIRST > Mullen in the repeal of the \Don't Ask Don't Tell\ " policy . " 
No FACEBOOK ! I do not want to make you my homepage ! 
wednesday : the House of Reps . voted to pass the repeal of \dont ask dont tell\ " . TODAY : the senate voted and passed for the motion of repealing \ " dont ask dont tell\ " !! the repeal could be signed as early as tomorrow !! could bigotry and discrimination finally be coming to an end ?!! " 
Wednesday , Obama will sign the repeal of \Don't Ask Don't Tell \"!" 
it's fun to google someone to see how much shit they were/are involved in 
this holiday is turning out to be the worst yet ..... :-( 
ap·pre·ci·a·tion : noun :\ 
1 . gratitude ; thankful recognition . \ 
SHOW SOME ! 
