Perkele .... perkele perkele perkele perkele perkele perkele perkele perkele perkele perkele perkele 

Yesterday , we learned Dio died . Today , < PROPFIRST > was going to honor him by listening to a song of his . But ... his zune died just as the song was starting . So ... dio seem's to have died twice . And also , Grace wants to be black to go to a black church ... luls . 
Whoa , wait a minute . This isn't sugar . THIS . IS . SPLENDA ! -Spartian kicks the coffee pot into a hole- 
To my Friends who read my profile , if you havn't added Ballon Stein do so now . His real name is Balloonie Face . But Facebook wouldn't accept that as a real name . So that's the story of his name . 
First night of terror in the dark , I scared a little girl ... I got my first ' I'm Done ' 
Second night of Terror In The Dark , scared 4 little kids , their dad loved it . Made a man scream ' Oh Jesus Fucking Christ what's on the floor !? ' and jump back . Got a whole group of girls to scream , lead them to the door , one grabbed onto my arm so I grabbed back , they saw me and screamed . And then we scared two big black women , they ran into the door . Night 3 here I come ! 
On the third night of Terror In The Dark , Valtiel scared a gaggle of teenage boys , made some girls scream , Freaked out some people by saying their names . Also made some black guy jump , got pissed off by some cowboys , got called a mother fucker , and got large groups that were impossible to scare . 
I am at peace with myself . \ 
I fear not the darkness , nor the light ;\ 
I harness both to my advantage . \ 
I follow my own path . \ 
I know the power of the Dark side , \ 
And the peace of the Light . \ 
I am the serenity of balance . \ 
All the universe is a false-reality . \ 
I pledge myself to my beliefs , \ 
For I have found true life\ 
In the balance of the Dark and the Light . ( yep I'm a nerd ! ) 
Aye Aye Captain Hairy Belleh . 
A+ blood , couldn't donate because of mono . And they had too much ... what are the oods ? 
does anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out today ? Please ... I seriously wanna get away from my house ... 
I accidentally stole < PROPFIRST>'s ID ... ahahah ... 
does anyone know any good songs for alto's ? I seriously hate when my voice cracks because the pitch is too high ... 
I found my ipod , my bed tried to eat it . D=< FFFFFFFFFFF ---- 
Robot Unicorn Attack Metal Version .... 53,460 points . Oh yeah . 
blah . 
I guess I'm going as < PROPMALE > for P.T.B.A.T.T.D 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HtCZ3ZyT8P4 
Dr. Logic and his Hypothesis was awesome last night , sad I didn't catch P . Flame . I will one of these days . Got to wear the hazmat suit , danced in the crowd a bit with it on . Got over heated , a little sore , but it was worth it . 
Lol thanks everyone who said happy birthday . I think you've all officially filled my < PROPFEMALE > up with comments . Love you all . 
I'm thinking of doing a half life based mini comic . If I did would anyone like themselves drawn into it ? I'd post it up in my photo's once it was done and junk . 
I want the Avatar Original Sound Track ... D = ( Not the Avatar Air Bender one , just Avatar ) 
Me and Mr. Solon are planning something . Something to do with an old and newer movie . There will be lots of LEDs , that is all for now . 
My birthdate on here is wrong . It says 1993 . fail facebook , fail . 
Bought an Arc Reactor last night . Got like ... 18 bucks left in paypal account .... so worth it . 
Got two new mice , named em Salt n ' Pepper and < PROPMALE > Road . Lost a friend I think . Ran into two of my W buddies . Tablet pen broke , and had my cat soil my clean clothes . So yeah , awesome day . 
So ... all in favor of shi wearing the arc reactor to school on Tuesday , like this comment . 
Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake ? \ 
< PROPMALE > da Vinci 
Just beat Silent Hill 4 . I got < PROPFEMALE>'s death ... is it horrible I wanted that ending ? 
Rather bored ... didn't do anything with the weekend . I guess I can clean my room . 
I've got way too much < PROPMALE > . Seriously , it has it's own shelving unit . 
I woke up at 5:42 AM ... why am I awake ? D=< 
Ich kann nicht leben ohne dich meine lieben . 
The word ' dyke ' makes me rather ... upset . I don't know why , it's a word yes . But it's not really being used correctly . How hard is it to say lesbian when you're talking about someone who is a lesbian ? Seriously ? I don't hear gay people coming up with all sorts of terms and slang for straight people . 
just found out I can't do Cobbler Capers , wanna know why ? My dad AND < PROPFEMALE > both have classes . And guess who gets stuck watching < PROPFIRST > . That's right , me . I'm so fucking pissed right now I could break something . 
Can't go to crew tonight . All the adults in the house are acting like babies . Yep , great times guys great times . 
The SAW movies suck . I kinda think the people who made it should have a psychiatric evaluation . Seriously ? Who in the hell thinks of this crap ? Oh the guy's a tragic hero . Boo hoo . Everyone's got their problems . It was a boring and completely asinine movie series that should have been shot down by Hollywood when they proposed the idea . 
Bri and I did plaster casts today , it was amazing . I casted my face and she did her arm . So worth pulling off a few of my eyebrow hairs . 
Stop compairing me to my mother . I'm not her , I will never be like her . So knock the fucking bull shit off . JUST LEAVE ME ALONE . 
Time for T-VIRUS . Pick a number 1-50 . 12 and 21 are taken . Respond with number and choice of hand held gun or melee weapon . 4 lucky people will then be drawn to receive their choice of special bonus item . Such as Car , rocket launcher , health packs , or extra ammo . 
I've never felt pretty , I've always been ugly to myself . I'm told to change the way I am if I'm not happy , but it wouldn't matter . The ugly would just show through again . Sometimes I wonder why I feel ugly , why I hate myself , it doesn't make sense . I can't dress how I want and I can't be who I want . It gets to me sometimes ... So no matter how many times you say I'm beautiful , remember I don't think that about myself . 
Selling 2 pet mice , will include cage , water bottle , a little feed , a little house , and some bedding . \ 
Asking price 15-20 dollars . \ 
Requirements : Good home , not to be used for feeding snakes or anything else , these are pets . \ 
If interested please note me 
