Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 

11 days until CT !!! 
Ok , so change of plans . VT this week , CT next week . 
Um , bored . Time to start drinking . 
Finally back in CT for the first time in 7 months !! 
So my feet/legs are totally sore after driving < PROPFEMALE > on her first long road trip , lame : ( 
My little sister turned 16 today !! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Grabbing a quick bite to eat , then heading out to visit a friend :) 
Finally got a cute new pair of glasses ! So excited , I mean , my old ones only got stepped on back in Feb lol . 
OMG , Someone save me from my boredom . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are going to the Providence Place Mall today ! yay !! Then back home to NH , cellular device would be the best way to reach me :) 
Out of work early , going to relax have a few drinks & not worry about things I cant change anyways . 
Just one more day of work to get through . 
I might fall in love with the next person to give me a foot massage , seriously . 
One day I will learn to listen to my instincts . 
The snow is just one more thing to make me hate life right now . 
Bought my bathing suit for the summer ! I picked the brightest one I could find , thought it would fit my personality lol . 
The stars are out & its the perfect night for a cruise in the < PROPFEMALE > : ) 
Starting tonight I am making a conscious effort to be happier in every day life , here goes ! 
I think I might be done puking now , at least my abs got a workout today . 
I'm watching Xena the Warrior < PROPFEMALE > right now , lol . 
Road trip ! :D 
Had a nice trip to CT , heading back home soon . No cellphone so it'll be a quiet trip . 
Brr . Why cant it be < PROPFEMALE > & warm outside at the same time ? 
I'm going to sit here & eat this whole pint of < PROPMALE > & Jerrys chocolate chip cookie dough : ) 
I'm hoping that by dressing nice the sun will stay out ! 
I might hate my job but I love my new schedule ! 
I have rediscovered the joy of bubble baths : ) 
Level 15 on tetris ?! insanity . 
I keep losing my bathing suit bottoms : ( 
Another wonderful day in the world of banking . 
My new comfy pillow keeps telling me to stay in bed today . 
It's a good day for cleaning . 
Current mood : miserable , with a side of physical pain & mental anguish . 
: ) 
Nothing seems to ruin my good mood lately . Oh and visits from old friends make me happy too : ) 
Grr . I do not want to be at the 99 all day . 
In CT visiting the family for a day or two . 
My nose just started gushing blood , I'm going to go ahead and say thats a sign I'm too stressed out right now . 
On the road again . 
I follow where my mind goes . 
< PROPFEMALE > is in labor ! 
Kitten Update : so far there are 3 little ones , but I think there might be one more left . 
FUCK BIKE WEEK . I am tired of being stuck behind bikers out for a fucking joy ride so they dont even go the god damn speed limit . Go back where you came from . 
Old Orchard Beach tomorrow ! What ?! You know you're jealous . 
These 30 days are going to go by a lot slower than I thought . Missing him already : ( 
Celebrating Big Sexy's birthday at O . O . B : ) 
This has been the longest week ever . 
I miss < PROPFIRST > , I really wish he was home :( 
Hearing from my man made my day : ) 
Today I am feeling like I hate my life . 
I'm really too young to be feeling this old . 
Only 3 more days left . 
I came so close to finishing the crossword this morning that it makes my brain hurt . 
< PROPFEMALE > is slowly dying on me :( 
working my 3rd dbl in a row and then finally a day off tomorrow . 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ; I could really use a wish right now . 
On my way home :) 
Being home always makes me feel like I'm in highschool again , nothing ever changes . Being nostalgic today . 
This headache is ruining my Woodstock Fair experience . 
That's it mister , you've just lost your brain privledges ! 
Playing Leggo Indiana Jones with < PROPFIRST > :) 
The worst night of sleep I`ve had in a long time :( 
to me you're like a grown addiction I can't deny . 
now I'm feelin so fly like a G-6 . 
lost in the corn maze with < PROPFIRST > , what a fun afternoon :) 
WUMBO ! 
life is so unfair ; there is a 4 hr marathon of spongebob today and I have to work all day : ( 
The countdown has begun ... 
Had an awesome birthday , thanks everyone :) 
On the road again ... 
Thanksgiving just isn't the same when you're not at home . 
hahaha ... watching Bleach , wtf . 
said in conversation about family \\n\my sister is the shit . \ " \\nlove you < PROPFEMALE > <3 " 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS everyone ! 
My cat is walking around with a piece of plastic sticking out of her butt ... no wonder she's been cranky all day . 
somehow , my hair never turns out quite the way I imagined it when I started it . 
just worked my first night as a waitress ... made $7 whoo hoo ! 
Chunk needs your love right now . 
after scaring us half to death this morning , the vet says Chunk seems to be making a recovery and should hopefully be home tomorrow . 
mmm ... applesauce . 
hello snow , my old nemisis . you will not defeat < PROPFEMALE > and I . 
finally , my week of torture at work is over . relaxing with < PROPFIRST > for the night . then it's the same hellish schedule next week . 
is extremely dissapointed with the amount of her tax refund this year . 
I am wondering when or if I will ever get my energy back ... 
doesn't remember the last time she did something besides work on the weekend . blahhh . 
I'm still scratching my head at this one . American Homeless go without eating . American Elderly go without needed medicines . American Mentally Ill go without treatment . American Troops go without proper equipment . American Veterans go without benefits they were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . Have the guts to re-post this . 1% will re-post and 99% won't .. 
I feel like a pee factory . 
