what's on your mind today ?????? 

Are you having a super fruity day ? 
i have a job interview with the ymca on wednesday 
It's read banned books week !!! So read a banned book . 
You will fly and you will crawl ; God knows even angels fall . No such thing as you lost it all . God knows even angels fall . 
watching the complete history of < PROPFEMALE > abridged lol 
100% blonde 
goldfish is what is on my mind 
soph has an rui man 
i mean i have a uri 
chocolate !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Be the change you wish to see in the world . - Mahatma Gandhi . 
i figured out what's wrong with life .... other people 
ran 3 < PROPMALE > in 46 minutes 
is wide awake at 10 at night 
come to the dark side we have cookies !!!! 
runt is gone i am sad 
time to rock out in the shower :) 
does any body know how to cite a quote with in a quote mla style ? 
BOXCAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is done with her paper 
wants to know if you heard about the easter egg hunt at the old folks home ....... they hid there own eggs 
dreams are like rainbows ..... only idiots < PROPMALE > them 
some time i just plain hate how stupid my sister acts twords me 
says embrace your dreams with passion 
away we go has an awesome sound track 
Got behind the wheel and nearly had a heart attack !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
who are you and what do i want .............? 
can't do anything right to appease her mother 
getting through books about the rawanda and genocide is really hard 
math is hard and evil and yet some how i am good at it ... i have no idea why though 
team < PROPFEMALE>'s dad 
finished her Job essay 
My Sister thinks i am a bitch because i want to sell book for middle schoolers , that were collected in a book drive for an old folks home . 
is yet again finished with her essay 
needs help with the math homework 
it's dark at my house 
s car begs for the strangest thing , like butter , but i know for a fact that she won't eat butter ! 
the pool is still broken , so no class till thursday grrrrrrrrrrr 
yeay were all doomed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
needs help with her math homework 
I'm Confused ??????????? about every thing today ............. 
I love my cat , but my cat doesn't love me , that's the sad part . 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > ( MY SISTER ) AND TANGO 
Went to Knotts yesterday with Jonny , and the longest line we waited in was to get our season passes , so once we stood in line for 2 hours , every thing in retrospect seemed to be shorter !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
here's my heart and soul , please grind it in to hambuger 
I Just Can't Seem To Get It Right Today 
soph got an a in her death class 
remember that blonde is only a bottle away 
sometimes you need to be a little messed up to step up 
says that if < PROPFIRST > and i were to have kids they would be grekixan 
purple 
rip twinkie 
hey rcc students ( ones who are not going to winter session ) what do you do from 12 : till 4 because i have nothing to do and no place to be , so i was wondering if you would like to < PROPFEMALE > out during that time ???????????????????????? 
is bored out of her mind 
I did the Macarena With my mobile phone in your bathroom because I'm NOT crazy . 
she hasn't been the same since the house fell on her sister 
is strange 
misses all her high school friends :( 
CELEBRITY LOOK ALIKE WEEK !! Change your profile pic to a celebrity that people tell you that you look like . If you have more than one , change it every day ! Let's see if we can all still recognize each other ! Re-post this as your status and check out all the celebrity look alikes !! \\ 
people if you have farm ville please add me i am 7 people away from having a blue ribbon for local celebritie 
needs farmville neighbors damn it !!!!!!!!!!! 
... is fist fighting with pigeons ... it's harder then it seems .... 
Today's game - MIDDLE NAME ONLY ! Everyone play ! You will find it interesting to know what your FB friends ' middle names are . Copy and paste this onto your profile , then put your middle name at the end of this sentence .... Alexis 
sings : soft < PROPFEMALE > , warm < PROPFEMALE > , little ball of fur , happy < PROPFEMALE > , sleepy < PROPFEMALE > , purr purr purr 
Hello . My name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father . Prepare to die . 
Help support your local ems run with scissors .. 
is very surprised at what Ctrl+W doe . go on try it , its funny . 
Today over 23,000 teachers were given pink slips in California . In honor of ALL teachers , copy this into your facebook status . We are willing to post colors of our underwear , and places we were born . Let's honor those who have made an impact in ALL of our lives ! In the comments name a teacher who has impacted you ! 
All blondes are dumb . < PROPFEMALE > is a blonde . Therefore , < PROPFEMALE > is dumb . 
yet again i am the bad guy 
PEOPLE I KNOW IT WAS A BIG EARTHQUAKE , TURUST ME THE FALULT LINE RUNS DOWN THE MIDDLE OF THE LIVING ROOM 
dance like no one is watching <3 
Paranoia strikes deepInto your life it will creepIt starts when you're always afraidYou step out of line , the man come and take you away 
wants to feel better , being sick is so over rated 
the power went out , so now i have to reset everything 
help me i blocked farmville how do i unblock it 
baby plazoa 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , your house is a mess , or your familly is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ! ? 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head but we can raise awareness . Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
once upon a time there was a giant pig that was done working for pink < PROPMALE > so he moved to canada and they found him and sold him to a pizza factory and then he became the guinness book of world records biggest piece of ham on the planet and he was then shipped all over the world and it ended world hunger . the end . 
greek festive on the hill today from 12-9 pm 
is excused from jury duty 
is done with her first draft of her final research paper . 
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion . Its just that yours is stupid . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > : Mort ... Mort : yes ... < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > : shut up a little ... Mort : Okay 
has sunburned boobs :( 
says please drop your panties , Sir < PROPFIRST > ; I cannot wait until lunchtime ! 
passed her divers permit test 
got an industrial bar done toady in her right ear and it hurt 
How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get . This just might be interesting ! ? 
it's the first day of v-kay and i am in fillmore utah at k.o.a. and is missing her boy friend already .... stupid book on tape talking about marriage :( 
is wondering when her mother will keep her end of the deal about the camping trip and all 
is happy that a judge over tuned voter enforced prop 8 !!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3 
why do people who clearly know me and have known me for a long time and do actually enjoy being around me keep delating from their friend lists ???????? 
the cake is real the ipod is a lie 
What breed of dog are you ? -- My Result : Dachshund . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/40092/referrals/status?aid=100000353103090 
broke her football game virginity tonight !!!!! 
has lost her mind ..... and her binder ........ 
thinks that her boyfriend has been around me and my family way too much and our habits and tendencies are starting to rub off on him .......... we wondered around the parking lot for 15 minutes because he lost ( forgot where he parked the ) car .... but i still love him anyways (: <3 
needs to start working out more and the boyfriend needs to get on board with me ...... and maybe even his family 
let's get married and run away ...... Goo Goo Dolls 
So live like you mean it\ 
Love ' til you feel it\ 
It's all that we need in our lives-before its too late goo goo dolls 
says turn your anger into lust 
utthis on your status if you know or love someone who is gay . My wish forthe rest of 2010 and forward is that people will understand that being gay is not a disease nor a choice - people who are gay are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE and EQUAL RIGHTS ... 93% won't copy and paste ... this . Will you make it your status for at least one hour ? Just do it !! 
Copyand paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known curefor someone who deserves a punch in the face except a punch in the face . But we can raise awareness . 93% of people won't repost this ; they need a punch in the face . 
says A computer once beat me at chess , but it was no match for me at kick boxing 
you know where i'm going ? south < PROPFEMALE > ! its like < PROPFEMALE > ... but south 
< PROPFIRST > Fredricksen:You'd better get up , < PROPFIRST > . Or else , the tigers will come and eat you . \ 
< PROPFIRST > : Tigers don't live in South < PROPFEMALE > . Zoology . 
says from blondes anonymous , love < PROPFEMALE > 
texting fun stuff 
says now wants to go in to some form of teaching as a living so she can have time off to travel ... man i sound just like my mother at this age .... ??? 
