is the best way to appreciate something is to be without it for a while . 

You got one foot out the door and choking on the other , always think there's something more is just around the corner , talk , talk is cheap give me a word you can keep , cause i'm halfway gone and i'm on my way&hearts ; 
is exhausted going to bed soon .. work at 645 tomorrow morning :( 
is i get by with a little help from my friends&hearts ; 
has so much to do before leaving for arizona at 4 in the morning !! 
is in Arizona till tuesday :) 
is loving Arizona&hearts ; ! 
is getting hair done at 1130 , getting ready , pictures , wedding then time to partyyy :) 
is stuck in < PROPMALE > for the night fml !! 
is finally home and has so much to do ! 
is work till 330 
has a long day tomorrow working from 9-630 .. 
is staying in and relaxing after a long dayy at work 
is at the lake for the day with the fam . 
is watching a movie then going to bed ... work at 645 tomorrow morning :/ 
is chipolte with troyy 
is going to see the proposal with rach 
had a fun night last night ... going to the boat for the day with the fam & < PROPFIRST > ! 
has no work today :) 
is No Doubt & Paramore concert tonight :) 
is going to bed ... long day tomorrow :/ 
is going to see < PROPMALE > potter tonight :) 
loves having wednesdays off 
is going to bed ... work tomorrow 9-330 then finally the weekend :) 
had a very eventful day at work .... working the fest with rach from 5-930 
is at the lake for the day :) 
is watching the cubs game with the padre :) 
10 days till South < PROPFEMALE > :) 
7 days :) 
had a great day at the beach :) 
is leaving for south < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ... be back the 15th :) 
is going to Charleston for the dayy 
is going to northern for the night :) 
is pretty much in love with her new iphone :) 
hates mondays but is looking forward to having a 4 day weekend :) 
is going to have a good night tonight :) 
is so happy gossip girl is on tonight :) 
is not feeling well & is laying in bed for the rest of the night but atleast gossip girl is on tonight :) 
God doesn't give you the people you want , He gives you the people you NEED . To help you , to hurt you , to leave you , to love you and to make you into the person you were meant to be&hearts ; 
The stars < PROPFEMALE > down to kiss you , And I lie awake I miss you , Pour me a heavy dose of atmosphere . Cause I'll doze off safe and soundly , But I'll miss your arms around me I'll send a postcard to you dear , Cause I wish you were here&hearts ; owl cityyy 
Never lie , steal , cheat , or drink . But if you must lie , lie in the arms of the one you love . If you must steal , steal away from bad company . If you must cheat , cheat death . And if you must drink , drink in the moments that take your breath away&hearts ; 
is at the end of the day , you either focus on what seperates you .. or what holds you together 
is hoping for the best but expecting the worst 
sometimes all you can do is not think . not wonder . not obsess . not imagine . just breate .. breath in , breath out . everything works out in the end and the more you worry about it , the longer it's going to take for things to end perfectly , just the way they should . 
you have three choices in life ... you can give up , you can give in or you can give it your all&hearts ; 
i believe that everything happens for a reason . people change so that you can learn to let go , things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right , you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . 
is chicago for the day then hanging out with the cousins for the rest of the night :) 
never thought this day would come ... my mom getting a facebook fml 
In the end we only regret the chances we didnt take , the relationships we were afraid to have , and the decisions we waited too long to make&hearts ; 
10 mile bike ride def kicked my ass ... now off to see new < PROPFEMALE > :) 
going to paulinas first bball game of the season :) 
is looking forward to a bianchi/paxson thanksgiving :) 
In time , the pain it took to stay , became greater than the pain it took to go&hearts ; 
christmas break where are u ?! 
Give me regret as long as I can keep the good memories too&hearts ; 
i finally learned what life is about , hanging on when your hearts had enough , and giving more when you want to give up 
would get bronchitis the week of finals ... can this week get any worse ?! 
one final left then winter break :) 
is done with finals and looking forward to a night full of drinking with her favorites :) 
Some people are settling down , some people are settling and some people refuse to settle for anything less than butterflies . 
is pretty much in love with < PROPFEMALE > from jersey shore . 
\all that i’m after is a life full of laughter as long as i’m laughing with you \"" 
\Perfer et obdura ; dolor hic tibi proderit olim \"" 
You can try your hardest , you can do everything and say everything , but sometimes people just aren't worth trying over anymore ... they aren't worth worrying about . It's important to know when to let go of someone who only brings you down . 
has biology class tonight .... fml . 
class , work , meeting , gym = longest dayy everr ! 
is homework then off to < PROPMALE>'s to watch some < PROPMALE > bush ! 
anyone can give up , its the easiest thing in the world to do , but to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart , thats true strength . 
just wants it to be summer alreadyy .. 
is really thinking about deactivating the fb for awhile ... 
i believe that everything happens for a reason . people change so that you can learn to let go , things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right , you believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together . 
needs a break from this town ... 
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option . 
had a good time at western last night ! 
wishes she could go to unofficial ... stupid friday classes :/ 
drinking all day ... parade day with the cousins :) 
\i get by with a little help from my friends&hearts ;\ "" 
really needs a break from this town .. 
saturdayy please hurry up and get here ... 
U of I for the night with the girls ! 
Boys like you are overrated , so save your breath&hearts ; 
jamming out to no scrubs in the car def made my day a little bit better :) 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars I could really use a wish right now&hearts ; 
Wants this semester to be over already .. 
Sooo over everything .... summer please get here ! 
I ain't here to do anything half-way , don't give a damn what anyone might say , I just wanna free fall for a while&hearts ; 
Cubs game with the girls :) 
looking forward to a night out at durtyy nellies :) 
Needs summer more than ever .. 
Beyond stressed can't wait till this semester is over ! 
Dinner with the girls then having a much neeeded night of drinking with the faves :) 
last final at 4 then i can finally start my summer :) 
Out for kp's 21st :) 
Layin out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > for the dayy 
cant believe that little < PROPFEMALE > is graduating tonight 
Cubs game :) 
\ I do my push ups like a man because I ain't got one \"- Rachel Westberg " 
Some pages turned , some bridges burned but they were lessons learned&hearts ; 
already needs it to be the weekend .. 
\well that's alright because I love the way you lie \"" 
thank god for dmb concert this weekend :) 
DMB baby !! Be back Monday :) 
\Only the good die young \"- rip Jensen you will be missed " 
at the lake for the dayy :) 
God doesn't give you the people you want , He gives you the people you NEED . To help you , to hurt you , to leave you , to love you and to make you into the person you were meant to be ? 
Having a much needed night out with the girls tonight :) 
Wrigleyville then going to the game bleachers babyy :) 
\Be with someone who knows what they have when they have you . \"" 
\Drink life as it comes . Straight . No chaser . \"" 
Looking forward to a hot tub and wine night with my favorite ladies :) 
At the dells with the best friend :) 
Let the 5 day drinking binge begin .. Dells babyy !! 
\ is it me or are there just a lot\ 
getting crazyy tonight for < PROPFEMALE > Vasquez's 21st bdayy !! 
needs a vacation .. 
Is never drinking < PROPFEMALE > again 
< PROPFEMALE > and Coco are coming out\ 
tonight ! 
\Alissa they think were strippers that's fuckkng awesome \"- Jenna Cirignani " 
Getting a new tat then niu bound for the night :) 
Really needs a break from this town ... 
So fucking over it 
Spending the last night of summer in the cityy :) 
Why did I think taking an 8 am was a good idea .. 
\The bottom\ 
Let's run away and don't ever look back , don't ever look back 
Don't ever look back 
Niu for the night :) 
After staring at the wall of alcohol for ten mins at the liqour store < PROPFEMALE > and I decided on everclear it's going to be one of those nights .. NIU watch out :) 
Best night ever ! Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Loving the fall weather 
would love it if mtv brought back < PROPMALE > & big ! 
hearing no scrubs on the radio made my day a little bit better 
Sometimes you gotta quit thinking so much . If it feels right , it probably is . So just go with it . 
Is in need of a pick me up 
< PROPMALE > = my new obsession&hearts ; 
sgniht < PROPFEMALE > kool uoy yaw eht egnahc ot tog ev'uoY 
Always love , hate will get you every time & hearts ; 
Needs this semester to be over .. 
Baby I got a plan , run away as fast as you can 
Is looking forward to sleeping in tomorrow :) 
Sometimes its best to forget about how you feel \ 
and to remember what you deserve . 
Having a < PROPMALE > marathon :) 
\And when you get something good ; don't go looking for something better&hearts ;\ "" 
I didn't know that I was still in high school . 
Winter break .. please hurry up ! 
life's too short to be anything other than happy&hearts ; 
Never drinking patron again 
Really wants to go to medieval times ! 
Pretty much obsessed with rihannas new cd :) 
Really wants to skip class tonight and watch bad girls reunion instead . 
Going to see < PROPMALE > P tonight ! Hopefully I stay awake . 
Is seriously so creeped out by all these people dressed up for < PROPMALE > P . 
Being happy doesn’t mean things are perfect , it just means you’ve decided to look past the imperfections . 
Is thankful for all the amazing people I have in my life .. Happy Thanksgiving !! 
Winter break please hurry up :) 
First rule never let him change you , rule two do you to the fullest&hearts ; Lupe 
Would love to be on a beach right about now ! 
Really wants to go to the backstreet boys concert ! 
Has a busy , busy day 
Is so over this cold weather 
< PROPMALE > songz = my new obsession :) 
Finally done with school & looking forward to having a month off :) 
Staying in and watching movies all night .. Thank you stomach flu for ruining my night :( 
Strength doesn't come from winning . Your struggles develop your strengths . when you go through something hard and decide not to surrender , that is real strength&hearts ; 
Hopefully getting my nails done with the best friend will put me in a better mood :) 
Holy hangover :( 
Is already ready for a nap 
At the doctor for a third time in a month .. awesome :( 
Hopefully today is a better day :) 
cant stop listening to country music lately .. 
Chinese food = love :) 
is seriously such a klutz .. 
\Celebrate we will for life is short but sweet for certain”&hearts ;D MB " 
Movie day with the madre&hearts ; 
Thank you snow for giving me a five day weekend :) 
Loving this weather :) 
Everyone knows that seasons change ; it's unavoidably obvious . But for some reason , everyone tries to avoid the fact that people do too . 
summer please hurry up and get here ! 
Yay ! Starting my internship next week :) 
The only people you need in your life are the ones that prove they need you in theirs&hearts ; 
Is officially addicted to playing angry birds 
Is not looking forward to the snow 
First day at my internship ... So nervous :/ 
\Things will happen in your life that you can't stop . But that's no reason to shut out the world&hearts ;\ "" 
Is loving the new < PROPFIRST > fiasco cd&hearts ; 
Summer please hurry up so I can have my life back :) 
Loves being able to drive with the sunroof open 
Loves lazy days with my babes&hearts ; 
Cannot wait for this busy day to be over 
Hates living off 5 hour energy shots 
Cannot wait for this day to be over so I can have two days of relaxation :) 
is determined to have a productive day of homework 
? When I look into your eyes it's over , You got me hooked with your love controller , I'm trippin ' and I could not get over , I feel lucky like a four leaf clover , I'm into you ? 
Hates waiting forever at the doctors office ! 
Would rather be watching the bulls game then being in class .. 
cannot wait to leave for Mexico tomorrow morning :) 
Off to Mexico .. Be back Saturday :) 
Is craving some coopers hawk 
\Learn to appreciate what you have before time forces you to appreciate what you had . \"" 
This weather just makes me want to lay in bed all day & watch movies 
Cannot wait to watch the bulls dominate tonight :) 
Hell yeah bulls ! Round two baby :) 
these last two weeks of school needs to go by fast ! 
“You come to love not by finding the perfect person , but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly&hearts ;\ " , 2011-05-04 18:29:21 " 
On my way to work today I got stuck by four turkeys crossing the road .. really ?! 
Shopping always puts me in a better mood :) 
Day drinking = no bueno 
Let's go bulls ! 
cannot wait to get this last week of school over with ! 
finals week is killing me ... summer please hurry up ! 
Rocked my policing final .. Time to watch the bulls ! 
Hell Yeah Bulls ! 
Catching up on fantasy factoryy :) 
Perfect day to lay in bed & watch movies :) 
Ahh bulls your killing me ! 
Has faith that the Bulls can pull it together for the win tonight ! 
Headed to Joplin Missouri tomorrow to help my family out that lost their home down there and to also assist with the cleanup if anyone is interested in making donations or helping with supplies please let me no asap :) 
In Joplin Missouri , looking forward to helping those out in need this weekend . 
On the road back home , Joplin was an experience that I will never forget , I am so glad we were able to lend a hand down there and make a difference 
It's just something that happens as you grow up . You realize it's less important to have more friends and it's more important to have real ones . 
This kind of weather makes me wish I had a pool 
Guys who still < PROPFEMALE > bags , open doors , tell their girl that she's beautiful and most of all show respect .. now that's a real man&hearts ; 
