Woah . I'm totally late on the update here , but happy NY's everyone . ( Yeah , I'm a day late , JUST TRY SUING ME OVER IT . ) 

Well , let's give this a shot . I'll see where it goes once I get everything on here . 
Duuude . All of my good pics were wiped off my computer last month . I need to go track them down and take some new ones . I need a new camera . 
Woo . I get to sit through the joy that is the PSAT tomorrow , after sitting the practice test ( which I hear is pretty much the same ) Monday morning . At least I've had three days of doing nothing at school . 
Tiiiiiiired . Me need sleep . G'nite . ( As I've yet to track down anyone , would this qualify as talking to myself ? G'nite , Me ! ) 
Oooh ! New Final Destination comes out Thursday . Must .. see .. horrific .. movie .. 
W . O . W . It hit me halfway through PSAT that it actually doesn't even matter what I get this year . Then I think I fell asleep halfway through one of the sections , because I left a bunch of the questions blank .. 
Screw it . I'm buying a new camera . 
Going to see if I can run down to Radioshack today to get a camera . Hopefully will have some pics up by tonight ! 
Oreos are awesome . I just felt that it was needed to be stated . 
Oh , dear . Either my stereo is possessed , or the half-gallon of water I spilled on it has rendered it useless . Tripping over animals in your house is win . 
Graaah . No camera today . I'm going to have to wait for the weekend to get a ride into civilization to get one . 
I dunno why I bother coming in on Fridays . No college classes , blah high school classes , uninteresting seminars . I'm almost WAITING for Monday morning after sitting through a Friday here . 
Waking up with a headache is the perfect omen for a Saturday . Sarcasm , much ? Time to go camera hunting . 
I'm going to set my bed on FIRE tonight so that I can sleep if the head doesn't get turned up . I still have ice floating in a glass of water I grabbed last night and never remembered to drink . 
More messed up heating . This house is like Siberia . 
I decided to browse Youtube today . I saw things that cannot be unseen , despite the efforts of bleach applied to the eyes . 
No classes tomorrow . Worship the 4 day weekend ! WORSHIP IT NOW ! 
Rembember , remember , the Fifth of November The gunpowder treason and plot , I know of no reason why the Fifth of November Should ever be forgot . OHAI ! Big V for Vendetta fan , and it's November 5th . I couldn't resist :P 
Frick ! Day off tomorrow and I have an odd urge to go browse facebook apps . Resist ! 
Work , work , work . So much work .. I need a clone or something to help me out . 
No school tomorrow , ( almost ) done with makeup work , going to RCHS play tomorrow . IR Happy . ^_^ 
FriendQuiz is bugged . I clicked no for something and it answered 5 questions no for some reason . 
is loving having no school today , knowing everyone else has it . HA ! 
Going to go see some play at Rockingham tonight and release my inner snark for once . I need a good dosage of theater arts so that I can stop replaying Habanera in my play every waking moment . -_-;; 
Well , my plans to go to the play just melted . Mood : Stab -> Face 
< PROPFEMALE > sigh . 3 day week while everyone else has two . There's no way I'm going Wednesday . 
Do I get to skip tomorrow ? Do I not ? OH , THE MYSTERY . 
Yep . I'm going . Well , time to morally blackmail the Evil One into driving after she's been at work all day . REVENGE ! 
Ha ! Changed her mind . No school for this lazy bum . 
ZOMG HAPPY TURKEY DAY ! EAT , EAT , EAT ! CHUG , CHUG , CHUG ! 
I aaaaam thaaaaaankfuuuuuuuul for fooooooooooooooooooooooooooood .... thanksgiving lunch for the wiiiiiiiiin ... 
Choices , choices .. letter to my Senators , college papers , college hunting , or flip on Pandora and go LJ surfing . I'm for some reason leaning towards the Pandora/LJ option . 
.. I just realized I entered in my birthday a year off , and I can't figure out how to change it . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
BIRTHDAY ! And I only had two people mention it today ! Woo ! 
Friday must get here FASTER . 
On a related topic , HOLIDAYS HAVE STARTED !! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
Frick . My < PROPMALE > vibe isn't working today . I can't decide whether I need to kill off the Best Friend's Crush or the Awesome Unstoppable Leader ... war scenes suck . Aaaahhh .. My latest drawing is calling to me , I must deny it ! 
THE SNOW HAS STARTED !! If you live in Reidsville , LOOK OUT YOUR WINDOW NOW !! 
New photos up . 
Do I shake my cane at you ? Yes , I shake my cane at you . GET OFF MAH LAWN . 
The heating is broken AGAIN . In the MIDDLE of DECEMBER . THIS IS DOUBLEPLUS UNGOOD . WE ARE ALL GOING TO DIE . 
Looks as if ( provided I SURVIVE until then ) I'm going home Sunday , so that leaves Christams < PROPFEMALE > , Day , and Day After to live through . I am so going to die . 
Christmas chocolate nom nom nom 
I drove to Greensboro and was doing like 75 .. I wanted to go 80 =P 
Meh . New year . I'm not impressed . 
OH MY GAWD . I'M FACEBOOKING IN CLASS . SCANDALOUS ! 
By the way , RECHS people , you find rooms yet ? Do it soon , because somebody's going to end up picked out of a random lottery to stay with muah for two nights . Don't let it be you ! 
Fuck my life . Bunch of lazy people around the school are leaving trash around and they had a COLLEGE PERSON come in to tell us to start picking up or baad stuff is going down Really , times like this I almost wish I was in a regular HS . They'd track down whoever was littering , taser him/her , and make him/her clean up . 
And I think these two bimbos next to me are watching a video of this guy being tortured . I hear screaming , bad language , and some bratty kid yelling about his hookers . Or is that a rap music video ? 
I freaking love watching the GGA's . Not because of the awards or anything , but because there's always like 10 people that show up DRUNK AS HELL and it is FUNNY watching them try to make speeches . Two words : < PROPFEMALE > Streep . XD 
Want a sucker , sucka ? Lollipop sales are always good times to try out sale pitches =D 
Mid-terms ! I have yet to get back Alg . 2 , but so far I've yet to make below an A . Woot ! 
Aaahh .. it's snowing ! Or , was snowing , anyway . Love it when everything's covered in snow and you can turn out the lights and look outside , and even though it's pitch black night , everything is all bright .. 
Two days of snow , let's go for three ! After all , there's always the option to skip out whenever they try to yank away our holidays for make-ups . Friday Flu ? Bah ! Go for Holiday Flu =P 
And the nasty side of cold weather in the South rears its dirty , ugly head . Anyone else lose power and/or other utilities yesterday ? 
And we STILL have snow on the ground . On the upside , DC trip has been reduced to 50$ . < PROPMALE > Gates < PROPMALE > ftw ! 
FRIDAY . Must .. make it .. three days .. without being arrested .. 
Why do some teachers think that everything is their business ? I am having a PRIVATE CONVERSATION , you can get your NOSY , SUPER CONSERVATIVE FACE out of it , WITCH . 
So ... college formal writing assignment due tomorrow and I haven't even started . Yay . Should probably go do that now .. 
Facebook during class . There's a reason I don't add ( current ) teachers =P 
Woo ! Writer's block resolved ! When in doubt , kill off characters ! =D 
Plot twist : Return of the undead monkey ! ( Where is that monkey at , I need to shoot something ! ) 
SNOW !! And it's STICKING !!! =D 
omg illegal facebooking . It is 9 PM and they STILL have not called off school . Delaying the inevitable , much ? 
TWO HOUR DELAY ? I figured three inches of snow would cause the entire county to shut down . =\\ 
Work , work .. end of the 6 weeks and I think I might actually be able to get all of my stuff done ! =D 
What I want to know is how that camera did NOT break after being exposed to that .. horror of a face I have . o_o 
Just got home , DC for three days =D Someone set off the fire alarm at like 130 am last night and everyone but me got marched outside XD 
Illegal facebooking is illegal ! Four more days until spring break starts and I get to go see the family ! =D 
I LOVE SPRING BREAK . 
Best spring break EVER . =D 
THE ASTROLOGY SPAM . IT BURNS . Anyone else going to Shakespeare Night ? 
Mood swing . Feeling mildly depressed and not knowing why , quite frankly , sucks . Not sure if it's DBA or just some subconscious irritation that's festering . Either way , I want it to get AWAY . 
Bored . -_- 
Inactiveness ! D= Yeah , there's this thing called ~ life ~ , and I'm busy living it . >:3 
OMIGOD NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET =DDDDDD 
Ladies and gentlemen , ~ THE GAME ~ . 
Yay for Relay ! =D 
Mood swing : I must dye my hair . Now to decide exactly ~ what ~ to dye it .. 
At-home movie night with friends ! Naturally , it's a group of women , so I'm probably going to OD on < PROPFIRST > Depp , Romantic Comedies , and Sci-Fi flicks . 
I dislike writing emo-angsting scenes for characters , but when you kill people off to get the plot moving , it would seem weird if they were laughing and skipping down the YBR . On the upside : I killed the bimbo , and she ~ burned ~ . Fire fixes everything . 
Friiiidaaaaaaaay ! 
Another week , another five days wasted in the american public education system . 
PIRATE FACEBOOK . YOU MUST TRY IT . 
Poor girl out in the hall is having some kind of episode and half the class wants to go out there . NOSY PEOPLE . Let the teacher sort it out and sit your stupid down . 
Two more days and I'm done with school . Or , at least , that was the ORIGINAL plan . Moral blackmailing grr . 
Hm . Schools out . Where's the fireworks at ? I so far give this day two thumbs and a middle finger up . Can't get license until next week because my \legal\ " vehicle decided to /suicide its engine . D: " 
I'm not sure what I'd rather have , the cat not in my lap or for him to stop clawing my legs . : x 
<3 < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s :D Currently nom nomming my way through some Flourless Choco Cake . Actually not sure what the difference would be WITH flour .. 
NEWS . New insurance informant says that I can , in fact , drive with my totally-not-registered-here car for the driving test . So .. only thing stopping me from my license is paperwork ( GRR ) and driving down to the DMV ( GRRRRRRRRR ) . :D 
Report Card drama ! Gotta love all of the BS associated with grades with my house . 
Agh ! Taking my driving test tomorrow over at the DMV . Checked all my electrical stuff , made sure nothing's broken , checked my air in my tires , even went over oil to be sure . Anything that I should be warned about ? Help me out , facebook ! 
Lulz at my report card comment from Civics : Super student to teach . I hope to GOD I get Conkle again next year . No offense , Brafford , but I find it more consistently amusing to be laughing with him at the class rather than the class laughing with you at me or whoever your latest victim is . 
PASSED ! :DDDDDD 
I have slept 8 hours , and my ass still hurts from driving five hours straight . Whee . Doesn't help that I have been demoted to sleeping in a futon in the office with a BIRD THAT DOES NOT STFU EVER . I want to deep fry it so bad . It would be good to give to a hobo sometime ! 
It was sugggested that I could go work in mainstream fast food . I wasn't sure if I should have laughed or punched him at the thought of working at Subway/BK/McD . Why don't I just go sell pot on a street corner at midnight , while I'm at it ? 
Pirate Facebook , I think we need some time apart . It isn't you , its me . 
LJ : Online ! I miss having , y'know , any of my < PROPMALE > materials , lit drafts , and my folder full of research and notes . Rushing out of the house and forgetting essential anti-boredom materials = fail . D: 
Money is expensive nowadays . 
2 AM in the morning and I decide to get on Facebook . Yeah . Job hunt isn't going so well . 
Why must the police always ruin good fun ? 
Nothing embodies the true essence of a teenage than blowing through payday in three hours of shopping . I had a good day =P 
Attention soon-to-be 11th graders : Is anyone going to do that summer reading thing again that they gave us ? From what I remember , most people that did it either screwed it up , cheesed it , or half-assed it >_> 
is NOT going to be seeing Eclipse . Like hell I'm going within five < PROPMALE > of a theatre with the third Twipocolpyse in action . Twihards and bad acting scare me . 
<3 Coffee ! :D 
I am so jacked up for this weekend , 4th of July PART-AY ! Really hope that I don't make the mistake of trying to drive over there , no way am I going to be able to drive back home that night XD 
It just hit me : I'm currently looking for a job . And jobless . I'm unemployed ! I CAN COMPLAIN ABOUT THE ECONOMY ! XD 
Political and Religous Views are now hidden . If you know me and your religions/political views well enough , you should be able to guess and deal with the results . I don't want to deal with the drama that would get sent my way by the misinformed or just plain ignorant . 
I'm not sure what's weirder , the fact that I was at WalMart at 9 PM ( AGHILLEGAL ) or that I was amazed by the amount of people there .. I think there was the same number of cars in the lot , if not more . o_O 
PAAAAARTYYYYYY ! We're all totally messed up , but we had a Des . Driver tho , so no worries . Everyone went from whee buuuzzzzzz to passing out on the first soft surface they bumped into at the house . 
.. And I am going to bed , because now all the animals are coming in here and driving me insane . Fat cats =/ = lap animals . 
I don't get all the mass purging of friend/ < PROPFEMALE > lists lately . If I know/like someone , then I'll add/accept invites from him/her . If I'm all about a < PROPFEMALE > , then I'll Like it . Otherwise , why add it in the first place ? 
Oldest Sis went back to < PROPMALE > , < sad face > . Was a KICKASS 4th weekend , though . Kinda made me mad when she cut me off , but w/e . I KNOW when I've had enough shots , grr . 
Rain ! :D 
Side ended a week old truck . He got scratches on his rims , I have a dent behind my passenger door and the stripe is all but ripped off . I think I came off much worse . Am lucky that he was willing to charge me for overpriced cosmetic procedures rather than report it to my insurance , though , so I don't get to complain in < PROPMALE > . >> 
I am a zomby . That runs on caffeine and sugar . Rawr . f ;-; f ( Grr . I saw an awesome zombie emoticon that I really liked and I can't remember it now , I know it had the ff arms . Any ideas ? ) 
THUNDERSTORMZ . WOOT , WOOT . Time to go to teh beach . 
Also : waffles . ^^ 
I'm going back to Cali next summer . I am so tired of the east coast . 
Its just not that serious . 
Going to go see Salt tomorrow at 11 ! Also , new album ( Further ) from The Chemical Brothers . I might actually legally buy music for once just because the cover looks that awesome :D 
Wikiquote is fun . 
Saw Salt again today . That movie is AWESOME ! :D 
Uploading family photos , check it out . 
STORM !! :D Awesome rain music , bit jazzy : The Seatbelts - Piano Black . Still uploading photos , going to be a few albums . x_x 
There is nothing worse than getting a full plate/bowl of tasty food , then tripping over something and 90% of it goes into the floor . Which , as we have multiple dogs , cats , and children running around that floor , I'm not eating off of . 
Hoome ! 
Hair cut ! :D 
Anyone else get one of those things in the mail inviting them to Oceania for next summer ? I'm totally going . 
Pendulum <3 ! 
< PROPMALE > bummer . I can't find any sites online for my book . Looks like I'll have to do a legit reading log .. which means I have to actually read the book . < PROPFEMALE > sigh . 
Uhg . High schoolers are back in school . I hate competing with them for the 3:15 traffic on T/TH when my last class ends , its a mad-house ! At least I leave home late enough to get in after the morning rush ( .. so I have to deal with the college rush hour .. ) 
<3 Supernormal Step . http://supernormalstep.com/ 
Anyone else taking the SAT ? I'm signed up . 
I'm missing HS . Almost no social here , its all class , then go home , every day . No school sports , events , assemblies , no filler stuff . Yeah , I've met some great people at the ECHS , but if it wasn't for the fact that I share a class or club with them , I wouldn't have . Never thought I'd say it , but .. I'm supposed to be making friends and hanging out with people , not counting the days until HS is over and I move on . 
Ooh . Apparently , if you click on that little lock next to Share and go to customize , you can filter out who certain updates will appear to . Those of you who have parentals on FB , your salvation has arrived ! 
< PROPFEMALE > & The Machine - Dog Days Are Over <3 
I'm bored . Let's kill some time ! Like this post and I'll comment with the one word that comes to mind when I think of you 
Sigh . Laughed too hard , now I have hiccups . Wah . 
So tired of this place . I want to go to Australia or Canada and just TALK to people . All of the international people I've met so far are awesome . =\\ 
I love how if I don't spend the 15 minute walk back and forth across campus to check in at a class I don't have on the side of campus I never travel to , they call home and say I'm absent . When I've been there the whole day and have staff/students that will back it up . Bureaucracy is awesome ! 
Does anyone know of a way to get in contact with Mr. B , Hales , or Dr. M ? I need a teacher witness that I was at school today . 
< PROPMALE > Zimmer - Vide Cor Meum :3 
You can mistrust me less than you can mistrust him . Trust me . 
If not conforming is now what everyone's trying to do , doesn't that mean that you're just conforming by trying to not conform so you can be like everyone else that doesn't conform ? Be different because you want to , not because everyone else is doing it . That's not being different . 
I've noticed a horrible lack of annoying and tacky bumper stickers on my car . Where's a good place to pick em ' up ? REPRESENT ! =P 
First Interact Meeting ! It .. wasn't terrible ? I probably sounded like a rambling idiot , but w/e . I get that all the time =P 
Well . Summer's over and I have accomplished a grand total of .. nothing . I'm going to California or I'm doing that foreign trip thing . I am BEYOND tired of life being so .. uninteresting =\\ 
Haters to the left . 
Key of Awesome . Restoring my faith in humanity , one video at a time . 
You lost the game . :D 
Stories of people who complain about not having rides or nobody available to give them rides amuses me . I've got 4 slots in my car open , but nobody ever thinks of me . Hah ! 
I have established that I AM going to go out and do something next weekend . \ 
Unfortunately , I have no idea what that thing is . 
It's never about the big things . You learn to adjust to the big things . It's those little , < PROPFEMALE > annoyances that pile up and keep changing that make you want to rip your hair out , scream , and charge at somebody with a chainsaw . 
To those of you stuck doing research papers at the Real High School for Senior Project , just let me say , /point , /lol 
So dance , dance , like it's the last , last night of your life , life .. 
Viral Facebook statuses amuse me . Especially when I'm in the minority that gets them . 
I'm getting that strange urge to look good . Quick , somebody snap me out of it ! I can't let that poor school see me cleaned up , their heads would explode ! D: 
(>'_')> # I was going to give you this waffle . \ 
#<('_'<) But then I was like . \ 
(>'#'<) Well I'm hungry . \ 
(>'-'<) So I ate it . 
Miss my family ! November , get here FASTER . 
I have been informed that the ECHS spirit week is coming up . \ 
\ 
Please . None of us have any school spirit . 
Pink - Raise Your Glass = :D 
Another weekend , another three days of boredom . I miss home . 
TGIF ! Also , niece turns one year on Monday , woot ! :D 
People who make viruses should be infected with the worst disease ever to happen to man while dying in a painful and horrific manner . Thank you , asshole who made the latest Anti-Virus scam , for eating all of my internet browsers and my update programs . 
So , Internet , what do you think I'm qualified to do for work ? 
Looking at local food service job prerequisites . It's official , I've gone job hunting ! :D 
The hair-dye urge , it returns ! Begone , expensive beast ! 
Picked out my Halloween costume ! :D 
Purple hair today ! :D 
Girls need to stop being so skanky . Stop sending naked pics , seriously . If you want to flash your boyfriend then drag him to a closet and bang him there . 
I am .. oddly surprised by the fun I had tonight . :o 
These pages are addictive ! D: 
Lol , love it when I < PROPFEMALE > on two different conversations with a person at the same time with texting and FB messaging . There's that ding where I realize I'm wasting minutes XD 
I feel old . =( 
NOT LIMEWIRE , NOOOOOOOOO ! THIS IS DOUBLE PLUS UNGOOD , WTF . 
RIP , Limewire . I will remember you every time I play my music that you saved me hundreds of dollars on . 
I have NEVER laughed so hard in my life : Fake (+) (+) , Perfect\ 
( o)(o ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) , Big ( o )( o ) , or small (.) (.) . \ 
Even Grandma's \\./\\./ Save them all !! Lets Fight Breast Cancer 
These like pages rock . \ 
S.C.H.O.O.L. = Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life\ 
C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping\ 
F.I.N.A.L.S. = Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit 
Police officer : Sir , do you have any idea how fast you were going ? \ 
Guy : Do you have any idea how fast you were going to keep up with me ? \ 
Officer : Have a nice day . 
Whew . It's going to be a long week . 
Don't forget to vote today ! 
Interact members , we have a FB < PROPFEMALE > ! Talk to me for an invite , I've got it locked down atm until I get all of the info up . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , add whoever I miss . :) 
Today is a good day ! :D 
INTERACT MEMBERS : Our < PROPFEMALE > is public now ! Search for RECHS Interact Club and join the group , we're using it for our communication base until the forums go back up . I'm putting meetings and important information there and you can share information there for the rest of us too . 
It's going to raaaaaaaain ! :D \ 
And I have to drive in it on back country roads ! D: 
The game ! :D 
It's always during the time that I REALLY , REALLY need to work that I get the insipiration to write ! Sorry , work , I have creativity to pour out . My books aren't going to publish themselves ! 
Went to WayCup Coffee in Wentworth and grabbed a cinnamon roll on the way home , this is the BEST cinnamon roll I have EVER eaten . 3$ and it's the size of my hand , I taste a new morning habit developing :3 
MANGO :D 
You show the lights that stop me turn to stone 
MOVIE NIGHT ! >:D 
Those of you in Dr. M's < PROPMALE > english class , I need any info you have on the < PROPFEMALE > Rainey project ! The info vanished with the forum and I need to get it done D: 
YAWN . I despise homework . -_- 
Best part about being a selfish bastard ? I take it a step beyond keeping it to myself , I hide the sun that is myself behind this mask I wear . The only time the light comes out is well outside the abyss that is this place . If I have to live in a world of shadow , I may as well blend in . ^_^ 
I have got to get a new profile picture . It needs to snow , seriously , it just isn't a real profile pic of me without snow . =( 
BED . 
Sudden urge to go ice skating . Hm . 
Going to see the family next week , yaaay ! :D 
Went to the Parade with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , had my car parked up front with the top down and hot food from McD's :D 
COUNTDOWN : Two days , 17 hours , 50 minutes . :D 
19 hours , 22 minutes . :D 
Grr . US History curriculum misrepresenting hippies pisses me off . Yeah , the same people who ARRESTED the hippies are TOTALLY the ones who should be allowed to talk about them . 
3/3 : And so you have to remember , when you're in that jury room \ 
deliberatin ' and conjugatin ' the Emancipation Proclamation , [ approaches \ 
and softens ] does it make sense ? No ! Ladies and gentlemen of this \ 
supposed jury , it does not make sense ! If Chewbacca lives on Endor , you \ 
must acquit ! The defense rests . 
2/3 : But more important , you have to ask yourself : What does this have to do \ 
with this case ? Nothing . Ladies and gentlemen , it has nothing to do with\ 
this case ! It does not make sense ! Look at me . I'm a lawyer defending a\ 
< PROPMALE > record company , and I'm talkin ' about Chewbacca ! Does that make \ 
sense ? Ladies and gentlemen , I am not making any sense ! None of this \ 
makes sense ! 
Somebody asked me what the Chewbacca Defense was :\ 
1/3 : Johnnie\ 
Cochran : Ladies and gentlemen , this is Chewbacca . Chewbacca is a \ 
Wookiee from the planet Kashyyyk . But Chewbacca lives on the planet \ 
Endor . Now think about it : That does not make sense ! Why would a \ 
Wookiee , an eight-foot tall Wookiee , want to live on Endor with a ... bunch of two-foot tall Ewoks ? That does not make sense ! 
Mmm ! Fun drive last night . Going to go see the lights at the Botanical Gardens tonight and visit some people . (: 
It is beyond refreshing to be away from all of the BS and drama . Nothing but friends , family , and some good times around here . I love this city <3 
Buuzzzzzzzz . 
Soooo sad to leave for home tomorrow . I love this place . 
< PROPFIRST > Franco and < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway to host Oscars : SQUEE ! :DDD 
< | 
When government surveillance and intimidation is called \freedom from terrorism\ " or \ " liberation from crime\ " 
\I feel like tigers are walking over my grave . My grave is gonna be BADASS . \"" 
SNOW 
Computer research , it is hurting mah brain ! I hate upgrade season >_< 
Happy birthday to me . 
Thanks for all of the birthday wishes . :) 
The jester bows with a grin as the wolf lunges for the < PROPMALE > . 
95 on my Expository Writing exam , woot ! Passed teh class :D 
And I SO do not want to write this damn paper for senior project . Ragh ! >:| 
If you'd apply yourself , you would rule the world . ( Said to me by my English professor ) 
Two snow-days means two more days at the end of the year I can skip :D 
Well , then . RCC dropped me from my classes for no discernible reason . Mom then read the letter and used it for an excuse to go on a responsibility rant , even though she doesn't know what she's talking about , and be a general BITCH during Christmas . Contrary to her thoughts , -I- am not the one ruining holiday cheer around here . 
Happy consumerism day/pagan holiday ! :D 
Wow . Sales at Kohls right now are ridiculous , I don't know if I want to hit VA Beach first thing when I get up there to make sure I can grab everything I want or go home first to rest for a shopping spree , haha ! 
I forgot to mention , HAPPY WINTEREENMAS ! :D 
HEY . I WANT MY PROFILE BACK . WTF . 
Tried to take a picture of myself with mah new hat . I looked at the picture , my automatic response : \EEUUUGGHHHHHH ! \ " I am so horrifically non-photogenic D: " 
You say \erbs\ " and we say \ " herbs\ " . Because there's a f@#$ing \ " H\ " in it . " 
Half my paper done . First night I've even thought about it . I love being me ^.^ 
I honestly think I should have stayed in high school . I might have actually gave a damn about this stuff if it mattered . I mean , really , half my senior paper in one night . Even I'm sitting here thinking about how messed up that is ( naturally , instead of writing it ) . 
Amg . I finished all of my work this last grading period . IR so proud . :3 
Twilight's like soccer . They run around for two hours , nobody scores , and its billion fans insist that you just don't understand . 
RELAY MEETING TOMORROW AMG . Go read one of the < PROPFEMALE > , inconspicuous flyers on the boards ! 
Snow ! .. And rain . My two favorite things , WOOT ! 
You know that if a light is yellow then it's about to turn red , and you also know that if a light is red then the other one is green , so you automatically associate the yellow light with going forward . You're making a logical leap , something no other animal is able to do , which is why bears suck so much at driving . 
Filling out online job applications = PITA . 
Shroooooooooomz . :D 
All the crazy shit I did tonight , those will be the best memories . I just want to let it go for the night , that will be the best therapy for me . 
Contrary to popular belief , I was not born in a manger . I was sent in a rocket ship from the planet Krypton , by my father , Jor-El , to save the Earth . 
I've been sucked back into facebook . The interwebs , it is nomming my life ! \ 
.. Wait , I don't have one of those around here . These people would never believe that I have a pretty nice life outside this general 20 mile radius ! \ 
Silly me . ^_^ 
Only in novels do places crumble to dust , when their spirit is lost . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > DuClare 
There were clouds yesterday and now they're gone . I got no rain . I am very unsatisfied ! D:< 
Sometimes you must give all of your meat to the tiger if you wish to tiptoe by it safely . 
Alot , I think we need to spend some time apart . It's not you , it's me . 
It almost looks okay if you look at the thumbnail at my wall ... and pull your head back slightly . Maybe focus on the right side ? I totally suck at taking pictures . =\\ 
Make every day your day of peace . 
Family tomorrow . Eeee ! :D 
I'm not sure who < PROPFIRST > is , but I like his mango punch . :3 
NDD tomorrow . For those of you not going to a party , I'll party extra hard for you poor , deprived people <3 
Parade in an hour ! Now to go kill the silly people and steal their parking spots . 
The music of the day appears to be requiems . Can't get Lux Aeterna out of my head or Mozart's Requiem . 
Beach Friday , yay . Board game party until 4 AM yesterday/today , whee . :D 
Well , that was a fun weekend . 
I need to stop clicking on suspicious links from people that I know . My eyes burn . x_x 
Sucker Punch comes out on Friday , whee :D 
Okay , if anyone has seen movies recently , I need some advice . I'm definitely going to see Sucker Punch on Friday . < PROPMALE>'s Speech , < PROPFIRST > , and Black Swan are Rated R - I can get in , but the rest of my group probably can't . \ 
Other choices : Adjustment Bureau , Rango , Red Riding Hood , and Limitless . Assuming we get there around 4 , we have time for three movies . I'm leaning towards Rango . 
Fun night . :3 
Go to Youtube and look for Maddi < PROPFEMALE > . THAT GIRL CAN SING . 
I have thoroughly beaten the total mind screw that is Sucker Punch ! Ha ! Isn't quite as sad when you realize that everyone who died was a hallucination . >.> 
I've been infected by the < PROPFEMALE > crazy . Damnit , < PROPFEMALE > ! =P 
I dance to the beat of my own drum . Listen closely and you can hear the music . 
Some of them want to use you . Some of them want to be used by you . 
Sending applications wouldn't be that bad if every place didn't have a 20 minute questionnaire at the end of their application that asks the exact same questions as every other place . 
What beautiful music . http://www.amishrakefight.org/gfy/images/fword.mp3 
