Bored 

wishes he was still at michigan adventures its two parks for the price of one !! 
My first day at work today , very tired . 
Got my first full two weeks pay today , and got me some stuff . 
Sleeping in = the greatest thing ever . 
Had a good day off from work , to bad running around all day outside with my cousins wasnt relaxing and restfull oh well ill just pay for it sunday at work XD 
I don't have to be to work untill 2pm tomorrow so i can finaly get a full nights sleep . 
Getting paid makes all the dislike you had for your job go away so suddenly .... 
Not getting very many hours this week , my paycheck is going to be small . 
Ha i get 3 days in a row off from work . 
I dislike working past 7pm , I hope they stop giving me these odd hours . 
Glad i get the next two days off , im tired and not doing anything sounds fun . 
Happy Sabbath every one . 
Pretty bad thunderstorms last night , glad we got are power back becouse i have to get ready for work soon . 
Ha i get tomorrow off , take that Wal-Mart ! 
I don't wanna work tomorrow ... at least i can look forward to Friday and the Sabbath off . 
Just got off work , glad i get tomorrow off . Still looking for a car for around $2000 , more if they will take payments , so keep an eye open for one for me . 
< PROPFIRST > Cullen isn't a vampire . He lives in the < PROPMALE > , doesn't eat people sparkles in the light he's OBVIOUSLY a < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
Finaly off work ... So tired . 
watching cartoons ... good way to spend my day off from work .. 
Steam is hot ... i hate you steam , i'm never cooking rice again ... 
Got to get ready for work ... But i would much rather sleep ... 
Work is only fun when its not me doing it ... 
Wants a big cereal .... 
We all have come to the point in where there is just never enough .... Never enough < PROPMALE > logs to build what we want to build .... 
getting ready for work ..... wish they would give me more hours , only got 25 last week .. 
ehh , work till 8 ... 
So much work .. So little sleep , money helps though ... 
Does sneezing on your enemy count as biological warefare ? 
it takes a man to fold towels all day in the middle of walmart ... at least i get paid to do it ... :/ 
Work from 11am until 8pm .... Today is going way to slow ... 
oh no .. im late for fight club ..... ;) 
3:30 pm till 8 pm ?? what kind of hours are those ?.... 
woot i get the next 2 days off , that will give me time to play with my new laptop . 
hahaha my brand new $600 laptop i got 2 days ago crashed the first time i used it , just my luck hahahahaha 
got my computer fixed , no thanks to the non english speaking tec support guy .... 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this because ... they don't know how to copy and paste . :-) 
[[__CRAYOLA__]] > <--------- got my crayons and coloring book , ill be good for a few hours ... 
work , 6- 10:30 ..... hope it goes by fast 
Thanks to denial , I'm immortal . 
<----- is tired , worked all day , going to bed so i can wake up and go < PROPFEMALE > out with my brother and his lady friend ..... 
Quick , lets escape through this steam pipe ... No good , its full of steam ! 
Hanging out with my little brother < PROPFIRST > . 
Just got off work and just picked up a copy of Halo Reach and they gave me a big poster too with it and a $20 walmart gift card ... i love when they give good deals . 
Work from 10am- 2:30 pm tomorrow , then going to the Fair so i can ride all the rides as much as possible ..... 
Stupid finger got in my way when i was cutting a box at work , so i cut him , maybe that will teach him ... 
When you say a situation or a person is hopeless , you're slamming the door in the face of God . ~ Charles L . < PROPFIRST > 
Me a farmer ? yes sounds good to me , i like apples so maybe a apple orchard ... 
A drunk guy stumbled into Wal-Mart , tried ride a bike but couldn't , then asked me if we sold weed for baby's ... 
Time to get ready for work , at least i get the next two days off .. 
I beat Halo Reach just in time to get ready for work , I bet it would be more fun playing with other humans ...... 
Glad i get the next two days off ... paintball sunday ... this time im wearing a athletic cup ... ive learned my lesson from last time ... >.> 
Just got back from a jog with < PROPFIRST > , he loves frogs and moths ... 
The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on . - < PROPFIRST > Bloch 
Haha facebook died , I couldn't get on with my phone or computer or psp ... 
I'm so talented I crashed my brand new $600 laptop my first time using it trying to turn the volume up .... See what you can accomplish without using your brain ... 
I hate how people ask to borrow money from me knowing that I wont say no , and then when it's time to pay me back they don't have it ... Yet they go out to eat all the time and go to the fair .... And they know I can't/wont do anything about it . Thanks alot , now I can`t buy my car for another month .... 
Going paintballing tomorrow , can't wait to make some little kids cry ... Then i have to work all evening . 
Home from work , tired ... going to bed to go back to work in the morning ... 
Ive got a jar of dirt !.... 
We are the angry and the desperate , The hungry , and the cold , We are the ones who kept quiet , And always did what we were told . \ 
But we've been sweating while you slept so calm , In the safety of your home . We've been pulling out the nails that hold up Everything you've known . \ 
Don't hold me up now , I can stand my own ground , I don't need your help now , You won't let me down , down , down ! 
Thanks to denial i'm immortal ... 
Still tired from moving a stove and a huge chair , not looking forward to work tonight . I just can't keep up with them darn kids these days ... haha 
Stocked up on jello , i'll be good for a few days . I bet there will be jello in heaven ... 
It is way to cold in the morning ... and way to hot in the day .. this October stinks ... 
Thank you Lord for giving me < PROPFEMALE > . Thank you Lord for helping me keep my cool . Thank you Lord for keeping me from smashing in the face of the guy who threatened my Brother tonight ... Amen .. 
mmmmm ... smart jello ... 
Getting some good hours , but now i never get a < PROPMALE > to relax ... 
With my infinite wisdom i shall rule the world ! 
Well i'm getting more hours at work ... dang it ... 
Glad i get tomorrow off ... i'm tired of working so much .. but i am looking forward to my next two paychecks ... 
I'm not crazy ... Who said I was crazy ??... ( cackles madly ) Sorry , I was just talking to myself ... You were saying ? 
Worked all day in Niles walmart ... That walmart sucks .. No one knows what they are doing , no wonder they all ways need other stores help .. Only one more day left then i can kick back and relax for once this week .. 
Haha I love epic thunderstorms .... With loads o'rain and thunder ... 
buenaubeano knreibvvarev eravva <------- jibberish 
Long day .... 
Hope we get snow today ... 
On my lunch break minus the lunch .. Being broke sucks and i dont dare dip into my car fund ... :/ 
McDonalds french frys have milk in them .. You stink McDonalds .. Now i have to starve .. 
Oi ... 
Wooot its snowing ! 
A full day of PT .. I'm burned out .. Thank you God for the Sabbath so i can rest all Saturday and be ready for work Sunday . 
Haha thanks for the birthday wishes everyone .. And no < PROPFEMALE > no new vegas on my birthday .. I get to go to work instead :D 
I'm one year older .. So i have to wear my pants up a little bit higher .. 
She is amazing .. I can't wait to see her .. Come tuesday we will be together ... 
My sisters baby is on the way out , so im going to be a uncle . 
Got my first car yesterday from chicago , now no one can make fun of me for not having one ... You know who you are >.> 
Looking for direction in my life so i can know whats next .... Pray for me . 
Is catching dust particals .... 
1990's \my dad can beat up your dad\ " ..... 2010 \ " my dad can beat your dad at call of duty \"" 
My mom broke my BMW already ... Dont let her near your car ... 
Thancs two Bangor publik skools i knows my abd's 
Yes ... I caught a dust partical ... I shall call him < PROPFIRST > .. And put him in a jar .. 
Blast from the past , always fun to talk to old friends and talk about the good old days . 
Haha got my car to start .. My dad was out here all day trying and nothing .. I come out and try it a few times and starts right up :) 
Home is where the heart is ... My home is in my chest cavity ? 
Got my car so now i just need to save up money for a trip out to South < PROPFEMALE > to see some old friends and to see all my favorite places i grew up at . 
Work from 3:30 -8pm .. Oh well it was a fun weekend haning out with my brother and < PROPFIRST > . 
So hungry ... No money so i went hungry at work today , can't wait until tomorrow so i can have some good food that i didn't have to buy or make :) 
This last week millions of turkeys were killed/mutilated for some sick cultures holiday .. We should stop the sick people who did this .. right after thanksgiving dinner .... >:) 
Had to work from 10am till 7pm .. can't wait till 7pm so i can go home and eat . 
Looking for career options , any ideas ? 
Had to train a new guy at work today , its nice to finaly have some help in my departments . 
Happy Sabboth , it's nice to have a day of rest . I feel bad for every one who doesn't know they get to spend this Holy day with God . 
Had a good weekend , got a very good deal on car insurance and found a brand new replacement BMW hood emblem for my car because my old one was a little scratched up and the paint was comeing off and i got the new one cheap . Plus i found a nice alternator for $212 , it cost more then the rest but its a lot better . 
Ha , i pressed the red button ... Now we are all going to die . >:) 
I feel the urge to buy some legos ... 
Yeah spiderman was/is the best cartoon ever . 
Darn .. Its christmas time ... Complete with all the crappy hallmark movies and christmas music .. 
IM A BANANA ! IM A BANANA ! IM A BANANA ! BANANA POWER !..... thanks a lot < PROPFEMALE > for getting that stuck in my head AGAIN ... 
Only hippies do yoga .. 
I wanna make you smile whenever your're sad , < PROPFEMALE > you around when your arthritis is bad . All I wanna do is grow old with you . I'll get your medicine when your tummy aches . Build you a fire if the furnace breaks . Oh it would be so nice , growin old with you . I'll miss you , kiss you , give you my coat when you get cold . Need you , feed you , and even let you hold the remote control . Yeah < PROPFIRST > Sandler is awesome . 
#423 your a banana . 
#222 .. You were my first kiss and the first girl to take me home to their parents . You hold a special place in my heart and I will never forget you . As hard as it is I am ok with being your freind and i'm sorry for breaking your heart .. But I will make it up some day .. I don't know how or when but I will . 
SSDD 
Ich liebe dich . 
Why am i still awake ?? Oh yeah .. Chili cheese dog ... Hahahaha :D 
Oi ! 
I may not be perfect .. I may not do everything right .. I may not be < PROPMALE > .. But .. I got a jar of dirt ! 
A perfect time to make a pool o ' jello ... the cold air will set it and make it all jigglie .. 
I'm glad the first time i get sick in over a year was on my day off .. Looks like a long day in bed . 
Worst headache i have ever had .. And it wont go away and ive had it all day . Cant wait for work tomorrow .. 
Can't wait for christmas to get over with .. All my mom watches are crappy christmas hallmark movies .. And the music is realy anoying .. bah humbug 
I see my vision burn , I feel my memories fade with time\ 
But I'm too young to worry\ 
These streets we travel on will undergo our same lost past\ 
\ 
I found you here , now please just stay for a while\ 
I can move on with you around\ 
I hand you my mortal life , but will it be forever ? \ 
I'd do anything for a smile , holding you ' til our time is done\ 
We both know the day will come , but I don't want to leave you 
Thanks to video skype i just had the greatest xmas ever .. 
So , what if I never hold you , yeah , or kiss your lips again ? \ 
Woooaaah , so I never want to leave you and the memories of us to see\ 
I beg don't leave me\ 
Seize the day or die regretting the time you lost\ 
It's empty and cold without you here , too many people to ache over\ 
Trials in life , questions of us existing here , don't wanna die alone without you here\ 
Please tell me what we have is real 
Got a offer at work to move to electronics and i will get a pay raise too .. Haha turning out to be a great week . 
I can't wait to see you either .. Don't forget my noose .. My neck is cold .. ;) 
I would swallow my pride\ 
I would choke on the rines\ 
But the lack thereof\ 
Would leave me empty inside\ 
Swallow my doubt\ 
Turn it inside out\ 
Find nothin ' but faith in nothing\ 
Wanna pull my tender\ 
Heart in a blender\ 
Watch it spin round to a beautiful oblivion\ 
Rendevous , then I'm through with you ... 
six player black-ops local < PROPFEMALE > is awesome .. 
Learning to play the guitar , day 2 and got 3 rifts down . i'll post some videos when i stop sucking . 
Dear God the only thing I ask of you is \ 
To hold her when I'm not around \ 
When I'm much too far away \ 
We all need that person who can be true to you \ 
But I left her when I found her \ 
And now I wish I'd stayed \ 
Cause I'm lonely and I'm tired \ 
I'm missing you again oh no \ 
Once again 
Played until my fingers were raw to the bone ... guess i'll call it a night . 
When I look into your eyes I can see a love restrained\ 
But darlin when I hold you , dont you know I feel the same ? yeah\ 
Nothin lasts forever & we both know hearts can change\ 
And it's hard to hold a candle in the cold November rain\ 
We've been through this such a long long time\ 
Just tryin to kill the pain , ooh yeah\ 
But lovers always come & lovers always go\ 
An ' no ones really sure who's lettin ' go today , walking away 
I'm waking up all alone , waking up so relieved\ 
while you're taking your time with apologies , \ 
I'm making my plans for revenge\ 
Red eyes on orange horizons\ 
If < PROPMALE > was wrong I'd drive straight off the edge\ 
I'd drive straight off the edge ........ 
Starting in electronics tomorrow , can't wait .. I know more about electronics then anyone one over there .. haha pay raise is sweet too . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Got a custom vinyl for my guitar , it looks amazing . 
That was harder then I thought it would be .. Took every bit of me to not just walk away ... 
\Leaving the coal calling the kettle black and orange and red 
Psalm 111 
Thank God for the Sabbath , I am really tired from work and need some rest . 
I'll do anything for a smile , holding you ' til our time is done\ 
We both know the day will come , but I don't want to leave you .. 
So tired .. On my way to work , at least i get tomorrow off .. 
Ever do something you regret ? Oh well , to late now . 
7-4 at electronics , tired but at least i get to work with real living people for once instead of in my little corner in hardware where i never see any one for hours ... 
You are harder to forget then I thought ... 
Girls are complicated .. 
Time for work , then I get the next two days off . Light at the end of the tunnel .. 
Free running through the woods is 10x better then in the city .. 
Tell me whats the point ? Give me something to hold onto .. give me hope ... 
Feel good . 
An awesome day hanging out with my brother and his friends . 
Got a new phone so don’t text my old number . 
( I stand here alone falling away from you , no < PROPMALE > to get back home ) Silence , you lost me- - no < PROPMALE > for one more day . 
Droid x is amazing , no complaints at all . 
Traded work tomorrow with someone else so I get it off .. i'm just going to jam on my guitar and hopefully come up with some rhythm for my brothers bands songs . 
Ha .. the snow is almost gone ... can't wait to get back to doing stuff outside . 
I would really enjoy more sleep but I have to be a adult and go to work .... adults are boring .... and no fun . 
A guy with a hook on his right hand came up to me and asked me if we sold any hooks ... I kept a straight face and didn't say \looks like you already got one \"" 
Nothing like finishing your day off with a little B&E .... 
Ahhh Sabbath time .. Time for peace and relaxation ... 
Don't try and get me confused . \ 
Cause I do understand . \ 
And sometimes people need help . \ 
That they may need a- \ 
hand when this problems going on . \ 
A thing you have to get straight\ 
Is that you don't hold my hand . \ 
And I don't owe you a thing . \ 
So don't think about how sorry\ 
You feel when now your treated so bad . 
Church tomorrow , can't wait . 
Free running through the woods with my dog < PROPFIRST > .. he can hardly keep up even without a leash haha 
This was a triumph . \ 
I’m making a note here : HUGE SUCCESS . \ 
It’s hard to overstate my satisfaction . \ 
Aperture Science\ 
We do what we must\ 
because we can . \ 
For the good of all of us . \ 
Except the ones who are dead . \ 
But there’s no sense crying over every mistake . \ 
You just keep on trying till you run out of cake . \ 
And the Science gets done . \ 
And you make a neat gun . \ 
For the people who are still alive . 
Best night I've had in a long time ... wouldn't trade it for anything . 
Dear God the only thing I ask of you is to hold her when I'm not around When I'm much too far away . We all need that person who can be true to you . 
Working nights suck ... can't wait to go home and go to bed .. 
Probably should be sleeping .. 
I always loved the movie < PROPMALE > Gump because I always felt I could relate to < PROPMALE > .. now that i'm older it depresses me because the person I related to the most growing up was \special \"..." 
I need a moment ' cause I've spread myself to thin We all need a moment in our lives Work's hard , the days too long And that's just where it begins Tension has had us all this time 
Am I delusional or physically exhaust ?.. because im about as happy as I've ever been . No I know what it is .. its you . 
My fever broke twice last night and I got rid of my headache I had for the last three days .. 
< PROPMALE > and his pervert board made my night haha 
Its going to be hard to sleep .. it feels like christmas < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Easily the best night I've ever had , I just wish I wasn't so sick . Atleast I had you to make me feel better ... 
Thought I was finally getting better but now im getting worse .. 
Got to work outside for 4 hours in 25°f weather with a light hoodie and no hat and gloves while im sick .. yay walmart ! 
Here without you and it sucks .. I can't wait to hold you in my arms again . 
Wish I didn't have to go to work , wish I could be with you instead . That's what's on my mind . 
Had a great night at clementines with the most amazing girl I've ever met and with my brother in law and sister . 
Dear God the only thing I ask of you Is to hold her when I'm not around When I'm much too far away ... 
I wish I could do better by you , ' cause that's what you deserve You sacrifice so much of your life In order for this to work . While I'm off chasing my own dreams Sailing around the world Please know that I'm yours to keep My beautiful girl . 
Darn you gravity .. you win again ... 
It doesn't get much better then this .. pure nirvana .. 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think ... 
And the light you left remains but it's so hard to stay When I have so much to say and you're so far away ... 
I'd do anything for a smile , holding you ' til our time is done We both know the day will come , but I don't want to leave you 
A thousand times I've seen you standing Gravity like lunar landing You make me want to run till I find you I shut the world away from here Drift to you , you're all I hear Everything we know fades to black 
