Starting the new year with some mexican food lol 

Chipolte = GREAT food 
kinda nice having two dogs around i know my dad doesn't think so but lol ! 
Walk softly and < PROPFEMALE > a big stick .... very good advise :D 
Toyota moving forward even if you don't want to 
Retail isn't a good fit for < PROPMALE > ...... may I slay some of them ? 
Insert your opinion here so we as the whole world mat continue to ignore it 
Don't tell people to go to hell that's mean just condemn them to a life in retail its much more twisted 
Woot I have a new phone 
< PROPMALE > wishes he didn't have to work today 
! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡days off are much much required for anyone working with the public ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ ! ¡ 
Ah ha going to lunch with my grandparents later today for a birthday lunch 
At walmart again somehow this always feels like a bad idea .................... 
Next topic shall we 
life's A trip try not to fall 
Hmmmmmm life .............. 
Life is filled with distractions . anger blurs our dreams , fatigue hinders your mind , curiosity will get you side tracked , greed demands more , sorrow may convince you to sit on the side lines , jealousy destroy what you hold most dear ..... Thanks for living ! 
I'm reading a book on windows xp it starts out by telling you what a pc is ..... like I've never seen one before in my life l 
Hmmmmmm maybe I should be more serious about things as a whole 
you must believe not all who wander are lost 
And this is why I don't talk one person says something dumb crap hits the fan everyone is mad ..... Being anti social is way way safer 
My song of choice for the moment\ 
Full metal contact by fear factory 
Watch me walk on by as you mindlessly stare at the sun I hope you learn something as the heat sinks in 
I'm sure there's a girl that's perfect for me somewhere out there understanding , honest kind funny etc only question is will I meet her in my lifetime 
So there is a plant shop opening near my house five other companies tried that and failedwhy do they think they can get it to work this time where others have failed ? 
If I keel over at work I wonder if they'll roll me off to the side or just simply walk over me 
Back braces are a sure sign of a good time right ? 
Well That's one week of school down 
Is it ten yet ? 
Ihop 
You know what sounds good right now ? Some time off that sounds amazing 
Yay I'm off tomorrow ! Oh Wait nvmive got myself school to attend 
Dictionary . com Says the word of the day is shenanigan :-) 
maybe I'll st < PROPMALE > my < PROPMALE > project 
I dont I don't have ADD its just .... Oh hey look a squirrel 
Anyone know where I could find done leather like materials ? 
I'm looking for some leather like stuff for done < PROPMALE > projects but leather is way to costly 
By jeeps be driven :-} 
My name is < PROPMALE > and I'm a pc 
Anyone want to buy my 16g ipod touch off me its still in great condition 125 bucks and its yours 
My leg is hurting bad I've got no idea what I did to it 
Grrrrrr 
Some men strike matches just to watch them burn 
Don't take life too seriously , no one gets out alive anyways 
01000111 01110010 011100101 01100111 01101111 01110010 01101001 01100001 01110011 
All I want is a kind word a warm bed a good gal and infinite power is that so much to ask for ? 
Hmmmmmm infinite power .... sounds good too me :-) 
Spending my days like a feather in the wind drifting here to there noticed by few captured by none 
Nothing like doing favors and getting bitched at for it 
I need to find a way to unwind walmart makes me so angry 
I'll create my own imperium 
If only there was a squirrel running around stabbing arrogant people ok the eyes with very hot french fries 
Can't stand my coworker he was whining over night because he had to stock a little I mean really you can't be that lazy till after your six feet under ground 
http://lyrics.wikia.com/index.php?title=Machine_Head:I_Defy&oldid=7664288 
Miss cole .......... A goose 
He is grooming his poodle he us living comfort eagle you can meet at his location but you better come with cash ... Now his hat is on backwards he can show you his tattoos he is in the music business he is calling you dude ! 
....... 
Taco < PROPFEMALE > for breakfast at 11 am after math just a shame that its all down hill from here 
Great time for a head ache ...... 
This is not ........ \ 
This is not ...... \ 
This is not ... 
Damn ....... mcdonalds would have a whole < PROPMALE > league ordering food when I just want a cheeseburger 
Resistance is useless It is useless to resist it His cigarette is burning But he never seems to ash He is grooming his poodle He is living comfort eagle You can meet at his location but you'd better come with cash now his hat is on backwards he can show you his tattoos he is in the music business he is calling you DUDE !!!!! 
How much did you pay\ 
For the chunk of his guitar\ 
The one he ruthlessly smashed at the end of the show ? \ 
And how much will he pay\ 
For a brand-new guitar\ 
One which he'll ruthlessly smash at the end of another show ? \ 
And how long will the workers\ 
Keep building him new ones ? 
I feel like garbage today ugh and to top it off I'm in a retail environment so anything and everything that makes migraines worse is present 
Oh how I love pumpkin season 
I request a beak from working with or around humans 
Ok I demand a break from anyone who's human or had anything to do with humans 
I haven't slept for ten days because that would be too long 
There's two types of people in this world those who understand I'm right and those who need to google it before they realize I'm right 
Ahhh why of coarse the square root of negative one is \I\ " its do obvious " 
I have 800 pineapples to sell anyone want them ? xD 
Omg no christmas music its playing in the store ...... 
x . X hurry mr clock I wish to leave 
Happy Turkey Genocide Day ! : D 
Feeling like garbage at the moment 
My sister is in labor o.o 
Still feel like garbage 
So today I arranged liquor for four hours and change 
My math book had problems ... alot of them its best to just leave it to itself 
:) got to play wow for the first time in five days last night very nice change of pace from long nights of reorganizing the room 
Why will time not progress faster I don't wish to be here 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone yes even you ya holiday stealing soul gremlin 
Wants to not be tired any longer 
:D it rained today 
Hmmmmmm what are the odds that this year will end like the last just full of women lying for no reason 
a catchy tag line 
So here's a question what does milk , fruit , eggs , and vegetables have in common ? 
Pride comes before the fall if you can see them falling amidst they're own flames of self destruction you'll see a foolish soul who failed to learn a lesson and ignored good advise 
:( my stress ball my sister gave me broke 
My sister has no soul ! 
As dangerous as a canon rolling around the ship 
Mind frag 
Maybe I'll get lucky and keep having people yell at me for insubstantial reasons ... I'm considering my favorite past time again shattering peoples pride ego and what they hold dear ! 
Getting very very very very very very very very very very very very pissed off !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
:) feels lucky to have a sister g with an advanced calculator that she could send me thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hmmm what to do .... 
I must have portal 2+ watches trailers intently + 
