Note to self : After making fresh salsa ( cutting up tomatoes , onions and jalapeno peppers from the garden ) , don't stick your fingers in your eyes to put your contact lenses in ! In fact , don't touch any part of your body or anyone elses body for about 3 day 

I need a vacation ... quick ! 
This thing must be broken .... I can't find the fast forward button .... 
:o ( 
:o | 
< PROPFIRST > and Steph left for Washington DC this morning . Hope they don't get lost . 
FYI- surgery sucks even if you get good pain medication . Pain medications suck too . 
Is there any way to escape the constant negative campainging ? If these lunatics aren't calling my house constantly , they are non stop mudslinging on the radio and TV . I can't drive a quarter of a mile without seeing a least a dozen political signs . This is just nuts ! Wednesday can't come fast enough .... 
Ahhh . The sound of silence ! 
Where in the hell is the instruction < PROPMALE > these kids were supposed to come with ? 
Found the < PROPMALE > ! Silly me ! It's been here all along . I don't knowhow I missed it . 
May God protect and keep safe , until they return to the arms of their families , all of the brave men and women who have fought/still fight to protect the rigths of everyone American . < PROPFIRST > Myers , you and your family are in my prayers daily . ( In memory of a very brave man , my grandfather , < PROPMALE > P . Gersper who landed on D Day during WWII and stayed in Europe fighting until the war had ended . ) 
Volleyball tonight , anyone ? 
Monday , Monday .... 
Bomb threat at work ... nothing scares me away . 
It's Monday morning , it's 16 degrees outside and it's only January 10th . Why can't people hibernate until spring ? 
How do you keep a rooster from crowing at < PROPFEMALE > on Saturday ? 
Please put this as your status for one hour if you , or someone you know has an invisible illness ( Crohn's , RA , kidney disease , Fibromyalgia , MS , etc .. ) My prayer is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post for just an hour ? Do it for all who has an invisible illness . It is a daily struggle !!!! Lupus and Diabetes , also !!... 
It's Monday ( again ) . It's still January and it's STILL freezing cold outside . I am going to do my best to hibernate until spring . 
I think I have lost the < PROPFEMALE > to hibernate ! I have found new motivation- I saw a sign on my way to take < PROPFEMALE > her lunch that she left in the car this morning and I think it will help me lick this winter-blah thing . The sign said , \A cloudy day is no match for a < PROPFEMALE > disposition ! \ " Now all I need is a < PROPFEMALE > disposition :o ) " 
Hey Soul Sister ! 
A cancer patient only has one wish , to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status . But my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died or , is fighting cancer , post this for at least one hour 
Do we really need a groundhog to tell us that spring isn't coming anytime soon ? Seriously ! Let the poor guy sleep . 
Oh my gosh ! If this cold weather doesn't go away , I am going to strangle a little groundhog ! Have you seen the 10 day forecast ? It stinks ! 
Had a wonderful evening with my daughter , my son and 3 of his friends at Roosters and Magic Mountain :o ) 
