I'm coming home ! April 4th : ) And my doggy < PROPFIRST > too ... 

Ughh , can't sleep . Another lovely night as an insomniac . 
Miss you < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Thank you everybody :D I had a great day ... 
Hey does anybody know if I'd be able to receive financial aid if I'm taking only 4 units ? 
Ugh , been sick all week and I'm so tired of staying home because of it . So bored : / 
Ugh , this cough won't go away ! This is probably a record for the longest cold I've ever had . 
Just finished painting my bathroom and kitchen , I never thought it'd be this tiring . 
I got my lovely < PROPFEMALE > back :DDD 
Don't work in a medical library . Its truly the most boring thing I've ever done . 
FUCK my piece of shit neighbor . 
Ugh , so sore ... 
Airplanes suck : ( 
Gym and then the dog definitely gets a bath . 
Hanging out with my brother in law , eating chocolate cake , then sushi for dinner : ) 
I hate nightmares . Usually I can talk some sense into myself but this one freaked me out bad . 
My friend < PROPFEMALE > is the bestest thing since sliced bread 
Happy Turkey Day everyone : ) 
:( its crazy how two faced and manipulative some people are . Today sucks . 
Forty percent off everything at salvation army :) 
Love-ology , love-ology , I'm sorry-ology , forgive me-ology , love-ology , love-ology . \ 
I'm sorry-ology , forgive me-ology , love-ology , Love-ology . \ 
\ 
Oh , an incurable humanist you are\ 
Oh , forgive me , oh , forgive me , oh . \ 
Forgive me , forgive me , forgive me-ology 
I hate it when I have a whole week ahead with nothing planned . I need some entertainment !! So volunteering it is . 
Getting my first tattoo . Not a bad as I thought it'd be ... 
Such a f-ing mess . 
I think I'm a hippie . 
You gotta accept the good with the bad . 
Eight hour job tomorrow stuffing envelopes . Yay . 
I HATE airports . 
You know those days where you just want to punch someone ? Yeah . Thats today . 
: ) 
I learned reiki therapy , how to take someone's blood pressure , AND muay thai boxing in six hours . THAT my friends , is a productive day . 
There are many things that I would like to say to you\ 
But I dont know how 
Need some new tunes .. any suggestions ? 
Paid Dues anyone ? 
Consistently inconsistent 
Develop film , chai tea latte , wine , beach , museum , train- Awesome day : ) 
I'm not wierd , I'm honest 
