AWESOME ! 

Hi ! 
shouldn't have this much chem homework on my birthday . 
has too much homework :( 
It's almost winter break . Yay ! 
Awesome ! School's out and it's almost Christmas ! 
YAY ! :D 
I hate going back to school after break . 
hammerfall is awesome 
Nothing on earth stays forever But none of your deeds were in vain Deep in our hearts you will live again You're gone to the home of the brave -Hammerfall 
< PROPMALE > Lachance is awesome 
playing oblivion ... 
working on SO notes 
i hate DBQs . 
I just lost the game . 
too much homework ... 
I like to play Oblivion , but I have chem homework . 
chem homework :( 
I want a snowday tomorrow . 
SNOWDAY !!! 
i want either a snowday , delay , or another mercury spill tomorrow . 
homework ... 
later i'm going to see the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > movie 
using facebook and oblivion to procrastinate on homework . 
I hate homework :( 
Why are english essays so boring to write ? 
yay ! I'm done with my homework . :D 
playing oblivion , stopping every once in a while to listen to music . 
I should stop procrastinating on my homework ... 
why do i have so much homework ? 
formal chem labs are evil 
spent all day being busy doing nothing . 
No school again ! :D 
listening to music 
tired for some reason 
today i read most of my book for english . now i'm bored and don't feel like reading any more . 
got some more music today . :) 
playing guitar , then listening to music 
pi day 
health project :( 
is tired , and has too much homework 
1:22 am . Just finished my health project . 
doing some homework , then packing for west point :) 
Euro DBQ 
Done with that . yay . Now for my < PROPMALE > scrapbook . 
Track meet tomorrow . Done with homework . I should get some sleep . 
is attempting to do homework , but wanting to sleep . 
i hate group projects in school . :( 
i hate homework 
started driving for the first time today . 
first time I've gone outside bare-foot in a long time . 
Easter ! 
Track meet later today 
At the lake today 
is sad that spring break is over so soon . 
Grrr ... chem unit exam tomorrow . 
happy that it's friday . 
Listening to music . 
I wish I had a trampoline 
got a new personal record in the 100 at track today 
Studying for euro , then chem 
Studying for AP euro 
lï ??? ? ø ? ÿ ?? lï ?? ? hï ? 
The voices in my head just told me they're hearing voices ... uh ... that cant be good : / 
is listening to music . 
done with the ib chem test . :) 
is wondering what she wants to do next . It's the first time in a long time that i haven't had lots of homework . :) done with the ib part of ib chem . yay ! 
should start working on her euro project . 
is playing with gak , slime , and sticky slime . 
\Only those who attempt the absurd will achieve the impossible . I think it's in my basement ... let me go upstairs and check . \ " -M . C . Escher " 
Blue Oyster Cult is awesome ! 
Going to the lake today 
Grandparents are visiting . Making paella tomorrow . 
If you like this status , I will post on your wall something I like about you . Make this your status if you want a challenge . 
got back home from the track banquet . now time for more homework . :( 
is listening to music and wishes she had more liquid nitrogen to play with . 
can see the light at the end of the tunnel ! Too bad the end of the tunnel is clogged with regents exams . 
is at the state track meet 
worked at the track meet again today , then saw Karate Kid . 
Dear homework , i am so happy i will not see you again until summer is over , and i will not miss you . :D 
regents ... 
finished 5 regents , only one left :) 
music :) 
ate chicken wings today :) 
one last regents left 
\Oh Mother Earth do you believe there is a place for us to go 
going to Germany tomorrow ! :D 
Germany is great . i'm at my host family's house . watching the soccer game was fun . 
is home 
going to the lake for a few days 
just got home from a rock concert and is tired . 
attempted to clean my room today . not successful . 
Hammerfall ! 
Conneticut 
should really try to finish apush 
finally finished apush ! 
Playing with fire :D 
going to McQuaid tomorrow ! 
Like my status and I'll tell you :\ 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds\ 
2 . The color you remind me of\ 
3 . My first memory of you\ 
4 . The animal you remind me of\ 
5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you\ 
6 . My favorite thing about you\ 
7 . Give you a weird nickname\ 
8 . Challenge you to post this as your status 
was in Canada today 
Fight with your heart , and you're Destined For Glory\ 
But fight without honor , and you're destined to fall\ 
But fight without soul and you will lose it all\ 
- Hammerfall 
\I will waste no more time\ 
cross country banquet today , and lots of homework 
NHS induction tonight 
Put this as your status if you know or are related to someone who was killed at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry when it was under siege by Death Eaters in The Second Wizarding War . Over 50 witches and wizards died in this attack . 93% of people won't repost this , but will ... you ... be part of that magical 7% that will ? Repost to show your support for Dumbledore's Army . 
apple pie :) 
This afternoon I dropped toothpicks on lines and ate cake-balls 
just got a Christmas tree 
so glad for the snowday today . I like winter . 
12\ 
I want to get to know you better . You are really cool and nice , and i like your hair . 
message me a number and i'll tell you what i think of you 
11\ 
I haven't really talked to you recently . We first met in 2nd grade . You are nice and care about other people . 
7\ 
You have a cat . You are nice , but i don't like your taste in music . You are very afraid of stalkers :) lol . 
17\ 
You seemed really quiet before i knew you , but you talk a lot more with people you know . You like to sleep . You are nice and i liked having lunch with you last year . 
should i change my profile picture back to a pokemon or keep it as a cartoon character ? why did they make both at the same time ? 
i want a snowday !!! 
really wanted a snow day , but probably not going to get one tomorrow . now homework . 
Ten days until Christmas , and five until my birthday :) 
Finally done with Buffon's needle !!! 
is really happy . only three days until winter break and its my birthday tomorrow . 
It's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! :D 
Leave me a one word comment that best describes me , that starts with the THIRD letter only of YOUR FIRST name . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this as your status , so I can write one word about you . Don't just post a word and not copy ; that's no fun :) 
anyone know what the english homework is ? < PROPFEMALE > Jeon < PROPFIRST > Downard < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Wilkie 
What do you do with witches ? \ 
Burn them ! \ 
And what do you burn apart from witches ? \ 
Wood ! \ 
So , why do witches burn ? \ 
Because they're made of wood\ 
Does wood sink in water ? \ 
It floats ! \ 
What also floats in water ? \ 
A duck . \ 
So , logically , if she weighs the same as a duck , she's made of wood . \ 
And therefore A witch ! 
\Illuminati\ 
we got a dog today 
the end of the double snowday ........ school tomorrow 
Remember Yesterday\ 
and think about tomorrow\ 
But you have to live today\ 
-Hammerfall 
wore a duct tape and rubber band hat and a black cape to school today . some of the reactions were interesting . 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . I bet half of you won't read the instructions right 
first day of track tomorrow 
Pi day ! this year was 370 digits 
Go to your profile . The top 5 friends in the sidebar are on your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . \ 
1 . Zombie Expert : < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > \ 
2 . Guns and Fun Expert : < PROPFIRST > Thompson\ 
3 . Survival Expert : < PROPFEMALE > Thorpe\ 
4 . Driving Expert : < PROPFEMALE > Bomy\ 
5 . Tactical Expert : Natsuko Su-zuki 
psych internal assessment is completely done ! :) 
Now I understand how hard it is to write without the letter E 
