While you were sleeping I figured out everything , I was constructed for you , and you were molded for me . 

wondering what meaning is behind this repetitive cycle . 
Falling into an abyss with no way out . Every life line merely crumbles in an instant like a storm passing through . 
8 days left . let me know if you want to chill before then ! 
Wondering why I can't let go when everything tells me I should . 
I had a good night :) hopefully i will be able to see more meteors later :) 
Wsh I could live in a hopelessly romantic movie . 
I move in 3 days let me know if you want to chill before then ! 
Last day living at home !!! 
finally finished moving everything into my dorm :) 
tomorrow = first day of college ! 
Monday morning , first day of class , worst subject first , followed by worst subject again .... chemistry back to back isn't the brightest idea . 
Proverb I recently heard and loved \Save pennies like they are dollars so someday you can spend dollars like they are pennies . \"" 
I want to go back :( 
Blah Human Event is not working for me so far ! 
Even in its darkest passages , the heart is unconquerable . It is important that the body survives , but it is more meaningful that the human spirit prevails . 
You can close your eyes from the things you don't want to see , but you can't close your heart on things you don't want to feel . 
I dont suppose anyone has heard anything good or bad about the Human Event teacher Ingram-Waters ? 
So I would say ASU is a horrible school but I'm going to make my statement even broader ... schools in Arizona are horrible ! Ever since I moved out here I have had nothing but problems and set backs . I'm really really begining to dread the fact that i didn't go to Case Western Reserve University !! 
hahaha going to the dining hall makes my day lol 
AHH ! Just got back from swing dance lessons it was AMAZING !!!!! You have no idea how excited I am to FINALLY learn some form of dancing !! :D :D 
Looking forward to the football game tonight ! :) 
Going home tomorrow ! :) 
I could watch Dirty Dancing and The Notebook everyday and still never be tired of them . 
Does anybody know how to watch football on the internet ? 
R.I.P. Ms. Dupuis :( 
A charm of hummingbirds . 
Can't wait to watch the Steelers play tonight and then swing dancing ! :) 
Polamalu was out second half but Steelers still won ! :) 
Not sure what to do tonight . 
thinking i might go work out now ... hmm not sure 
Thinking i should have typed my notes for psychology instead of writting them by hand . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Swayze ..... he was an amazing actor and stayed strong for 20 months . 
Darn you Adrielle for adding to my procrastination ! :p 
Doing chemistry homework online is nonesense ! The computer wont let me enter in the answer correctly which is causing my answer to be incorrect ! grr ! 
Oh how i loathe that the chemistry test was ONLY 25 questions . Blah :/ 
Missing someone :( 
Loving the songs Do I and History In the Making 
Can't believe tomorrow is already monday . 
If you know chemistry then you should help me ! Please :) 
Wondering how I am going to make six pages out of this topic for my thesis paper ...... 
Typically working out helps but today it only faded reality for that fraction of a time . As soon as I started heading back to my dorm reality took over . :'( 
Dang it im only at 877 words and im already out of ideas on what to write about :( 
Homework should not deal with youtube videos because then you get distracted for an hour watching other pointless , yet humorous , videos . 
Yay ! Chemistry lecture cancelled tomorrow ! :) that means i only have to get up at 6:30 for one class then the weekend begins ! 
Had a really good weekend 
Love isn't about finding the perfect person , but learning to see an imperfect person perfectly 
FINE stands for : freaked out , insecure , neurotic , and emotional . 
Not a good day i wish it was over 
Can't escape constantly replaying certain negative aspects of the past .... 
Wondering where this life is leading me ....... 
Ugh I wish I couldn't hear the karaoke from my dorm !! 
I'm hungry ! Someone should show up at my door with some food :) 
This weekend is going by way too fast . 
I really want some celery and ranch ..... 
Does anyone have any elective classes they would recommend me taking in the spring ? 
Oh the endless amount of homework ...... will it ever end ? 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT -- if you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , please post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph in your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
I don't understand ANYTHING for my Chemistry exam tomorrow ! :( HELP !! 
Oh the lengths I will go to for procrastinating ... yes I have resorted to sewing as a means of avoiding homework . 
\Make sure you have finished speaking before your audience has finished listening . \"" 
My bed is trying to kill me !! 
Why ? That's it ...... 
Hey everyone my phone is broken so don't try texting or calling me . 
Had an amazing weekend .. despite being phoneless .... saw New < PROPFEMALE > last night :) 
I have a new phone now but lost all my < PROPFIRST > so send me your < PROPFIRST > through text or on here ! 
And when you text me tell me who you are so i dont have to ask everytime . 
So I have come to the conclusion that I must have been dropped on my head and it affected my ability to learn any form of Chemistry .... See Professor Scruggs it isn't my fault I don't understand any of the material .. 
For once I have absolutely nothing to do ..... and i don't like it ..... 
I'm pretty sure my dogs are currently having a competition on who can snore the loudest . 
Ugh why isn ' the dining hall open !! 
Getting ready for the first day of class this semester ... hopefully it all goes well . 
First day so far is going good I love my classes but anatomy is definitely going to be difficult ! 
Does anyone know when the honors contracts are due ? 
