watching matchbox 20 on channel 2 

will never put up wall paper for anyone again . EVER !!! 
just finished reading < PROPMALE > leary's book Why We Suck ... read it , know it , live it . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > died of pnemonia today:'( 
is leaving for red river tonight only to come back sunday morning ... 
Reading rainbows last episode ever is today . it was on for 26 years . now who will teach children to read ? 
quit smoking today ... WHAT ! GGAAAHHH !!! I'M NOT ACTING PISSED OFF ... YOU'RE ACTING STUPID ! oh , sorry . 
can't get video to upload to facebook . GAAAAHHHH ! 
wishes that people would quit sending him stupid farm stuff ! That's right I said it ... S-T-U-P-I-D !!!! 
needs a new hobby . Or at least some motivation . 
went to get in the shower this morning and found a tube of toothpaste and a certain someones favorite stuffed animal ( frog ) submerged in the toilet ............. he's not even a year old , and it's already begun ......... 
is posting mediocre things 
has something on his mind . 
needs a new profile picture 
would like to go see that dmb , gogol bordello 3d movie but it's not playing anywhere close to here . 
new coheed in April ..... mmmmmmm 
facebook is a huge pile of crap ... nothing works , and that stupid update deleted half of everything . 
just realized that last semester effectively killed my social life . Happy New Years everyone . 
was once told that \the greatest day in your life is not when you got married or when your child was born ... the greatest day in your life will be when your child learns to use the toilet ... you will get on your knees and praise the lord . \ " I am starting to believe it . " 
got a new computer ! 
needs to go see a concert soon . 
just found his phone in the toilet ... Thanks < PROPMALE > . If I had your < PROPFIRST > I lost it . send it to me in a facebook message 
could die happy 
is 26 and has been told he's ready for the retirement home 
is tired of homework ... spring break feels about as real as < PROPFEMALE > clause . ( and no there is no such person ) 
has many leather-bound books and his apartment smells of mahogany . 
If anyone in my family is worried about my brother being in Kyrgyzstan don't , because < PROPFEMALE > Otunbayeva said hat they can continue unaffected . 
thinks that facebook was meant for sarcasm .... ..... .... ... waiting for it 
western+samurai+awesome = Sukiyaki Western Django .... watch it . 
just saw an add for extreme midget wrestling on tv !!!!!!! I might have to drive to new mexico to see it .... 
needs another new hobby , and some more time in every day 
is going to be up writing his essay on \Explorations in Ottoman Prehistory\ " ...... it's about as fun as it sounds .... " 
1 down ... 3 to go 
what you once were isn't what you wanna be anymore 
hates it when your 0.3 points away from an A in the class . Just help me out Furner !!! 
needs something to fill his time 
is home from Red River . 
accidentaly used his wifes account to post comments on other peoples posts ... \ 
< PROPFEMALE > , if you should get strange , or hateful , messages just remember to log off next time ... 
loves smart.fm it is possibly the most useful website ever 
wishes that one of his karaoke buddies would have kept himself out of trouble ... I really want to go tomorrow ... ... ... I need a life 
snarf ... snarf , snarf ... SNARF I SAY , SNAAARFFF !!! 
woke up with my son sitting on my chest poking me in the face today 
loves it 
loves getting beat into the lake water at 30mph by an inner-tube that is upside-down . Seriously , i love it . 
finally has a phone again 
Man , I'm lit up like the fourth of July . 
Is sleeping in a couch cause his lady left him somewhere . . . Hmmm . 
is stoked that Chandler's back ! 
Going to r&r with Chandler . Anyone else ? 
\Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes . \"" 
Is wondering when he will get into the swing if things . 
I want to dress up my son as a vampire and give him a sippie-cup full of blood this halloween . I need help in convincing < PROPFEMALE > . 
Loves karaoke ! 
who knew you could pull your hamstring by playing basketball outside in the cold without stretching first !........ uh . 
Civic center tattoo convention = LAME-O 
Yesterday my kid tried to flush his diaper down the toilet ( he's potty training ) , no big deal , I fixed it pretty easily . Today he pissed on my computer . . . 
The best gift I have received is the realization that so many people care for me . Thanks to everyone who took the time out of their busy day to remind me of that . 
