A new year , and it's Friday !!! 

Going to bed , good night all ! 
up and moving ! 
Watching old shows 
woke up , nice and rainy today . Got to get in the shower some time in the near future ! lol ! 
Got a new job , full time at AT & T 
Thinking of what to pack first . 
Going to bed , good night everyone ! 
Going to work , last week until I pack up and move to Milton-FreeWater . 
home from work , only one more day until i start packing . 
more rain , can't go into work . Only one more work day left in < PROPFIRST > . 
good night all , i am going to bed . 
Still to wet to go into work . 
Time to start packing . 
watching it rain like crazy 
happy fathers day to everyone that is one ! 
Finally the sun is out ! 
full from dinner 
going to bed , good night all ! 
woke up a bit later , nice and < PROPFEMALE > outside for the first time in a week . 
finally moved in and internet working at my brother's place in Milton-FreeWater . 
first day of work 
first day of work . went okay ! 
second day of work . okay , kind of dumb though . 
third day of work . very bored ! 
three day weekend , work is closed tomorrow because of the 4th . 
happy 4th of July < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
getting ready for week 2 , at work 
getting ready for bed . good night all ! 
home from a good day at work ! 
off to work ... finally friday ! 
thinking about asking a girl out this coming week . 
she(girl that i asked out ) said maybe ... she might go to Salem this weekend . Got to wait and see what she is going to do . 
Pulled my neck yesterday . And now am going to try and stay in a full day at work today . Not sure if this will work or not ... 
feeling good , got a date this weekend ! 
Home from work , feeling a bit ... um ... weird . 
no date for tomorrow(Saturday ) 
going to see a movie today . Maybe < PROPMALE > Potter . 
kind of feeling alone at the moment . 
still feels alone ... 
Short day ... only 3 more until the weekend . 
To tired , going to bed . Good night all ! 
Tired ... 
Going to bed in about 10 minutes , good night everyone ! 
5th week of work starting on Monday ! Can't wait ! 
5th week of work . Going to hit the phones today for the first time . Let's see how I do ! 
Working on the phones is a lot harder then the trainer told me it was going to be . 
Second day on the phones , went good ! One guy yelled at me , but I just shook it off . 
off to work , finally pay day ! 
kind of feeling like I need to be held by a girl ... 
Going to bed soon . Got work tomorrow ! 
home from work(two hours ago ) and checking EBay ... 
Off to work , hope everyone has a good day today ! I no I will :) 
Home from work(2 hours ago ) ... 
Going to see G.I. < PROPFIRST > on Friday , anyone else going to see it ? 
Home from work and doing good ! 
off to work in 18 minutes ... i hope everyone has a great day ! 
Going to see G.I. Joes today after work ... and it is finally Friday !! Happy Friday everyone . 
G.I. < PROPFIRST > was really good ! The ending was a bit dumb but okay ! I give it a 9 out of 10 . 
three day weekends rock ! 
WEEKEND IS FINALLY HERE ! 
going to Portland tomorrow after work . 
in Portland having fun ! 
Two more days of work until the big trip ! Starting to go crazy over the LONG wait ! 
Hurting from the 10 hour trip back home ... hope everyone got home alright ! 
Back hurting a little ! But am just trying to relax . 
Tired and soure from the race yesterday . 
over time on Saturday ! Only two more days until my only day off :) 
One day off ... so much that i should do but am to tired ... 
Wanting to go back and say what I really ment to the person I wanted to be with . Damit ! Why did I mess up so badly ! 
Wish it was next weekend but oh well , some one has to take those calls . 
Pay day tomorrow ! Wohoo ! 
Monday ... dang you !!! 
Rain rain go away , come back another day ... like next year ! 
Only two more days of work until the weekend , woho ! 
HUGE headache today , had to call into work sick . Can't talk to people with this , or even have the tv on . So bored , but can't do much . Even light hurts . Hope everyone is doing better then me right now . 
Gage is going to be Scooby-Do for Halloween ! Stop asking !!!!!! 
... I can't believe I am still up ! Hope everyone is doing well . 
stomic pain ... again ! Getting angery because can't go to the doctor without my medical card or contact information(called work and left a message with the person that deals with our medical benifits ) . 
Hurting still ... going to see a doctor today , maybe just to into a walk-in clinic . 
Still hurting every little bit , but good enough for work . Almost fell today , was funny and glad I was not on a call . 
heading to work in about 10 minutes , it's Friday but I got to work tomorrow to make up some hours I lost this week . 
Feeling better , was a bit sick to my stomic when I went into work today . The only bad thing today is that I had a 3 hour long call , which took up to much time and I only could get 24 calls in :( , instead of my normal 45 ... dang it ! There goes my monthly stats that I have been working on . Oh well , there is always next month ! 
I kind of feel lost ... not sure why 
Having fun on his last day off ! Hope everyone is doing well ! 
Seems like AT&T is canceling the deal with Sykes(the company I work for ) . So I might be layed off in the beginning of 2010 ... we will see if Sykes gets another deal with a different company or not . If not , I got to find another job . 
Tuesday ... only 8 hours and 30 minutes from getting home ! Can't wait ! But I got to take calls inbetween ... 
Another day another 45 calls ... lets see what type they are today , hope fully the calls are not dumb ones like yesterday . Oh wait , all of the calls are dumb , lol ! 
Only one more day of work until the weekend ! YEAH !!! And I get paid tomorrow :) 
Going to Dad and < PROPFEMALE>'s for Thanksgiving , hope everyone else is going to have a great Thanksgiving next week ! 
Monday once again . Everything just goes in a large circle ! 
Hope everyone had a good Thanksgiving ! Recover well , and have a good weekend ! 
weekend almost here :) And it is pay day . 
It's cold and snowing ... must be winter ! Dang it ! 
Getting tired but dont want to go to bed , what to do ! lol ! 
Going to see everyone in Portland for X-Mass ! Hope your all ready for this ! lol ! 
Got paid and ready for the weekend ! 
Getting ready for Portland , x-mass weekend ! Might just leave Thursday night . 
Having a okay week , but am waiting for Thursday so I can head to Portland for the weekend ! 
Taking half the day off tomorrow , paid time off , to head to Portland when the sun is still up :) 
The Town , movie that just came out , is the best EVER ! 
just another Monay ... two weeks left of work . Time to start searching for a new job . 
Well ... trying to enjoy not working . But going crazy that I have to file for unemployment and start looking for yet another job ! And the world keeps going round ! Hope everyone else is doing fine ! 
Can't sleep , not sure why . Maybe because there is nothing hiring around here . 
I miss you already conan ! * starts to tear up * 
Waiting to hear back from several jobs that I applied for in Portland ... and yes I called them . 
Got to get the hookers for Gage's party this weekend . Anyone know a good hooer place ? LOL ! 
Just chilling , waiting for family to get over here this weekend ! And I also can't wait to go job hunting near Portland after this weekend . 
Checking out jobs , been all over everything between Woodburn to just shy of Beaverton . 
Lots of jobs hiring in Clackamas ! Two day event . And got to go back to a unemployment office to see what they want me to fill out . Today is going to be a long day ! 
Wish I could just go away for a day or two and get away from everyone !!! 
Nanny is going to get her broken femer bone fixed on Wednsdays ! Get well real soon Nanny !!! 
Nanny is good and recovering now ! God bless you Nanny !!! And don't stop being stubern . 
Filing taxes and waiting to hear back from a few jobs . 
Going to see Cop Out on Thursday at 12:00 at night ! Then maybe , The Crazies movie ?!?... not sure though . 
Cop Out was the BEST ! 
Had a interview today with AIL , I don't think it went to well . 
Calling places again ! And might send in my taxes threw the mail . 
I think I might just go crazy ! 
Helped get floors in the kitchen of UB's(Uncle < PROPMALE>'s ) place . A bit tired and wanted to go to bed really soon . 
Feeling bad about floors ... 
Just stop ! 
Bowling soon ! I hope it will distract me a bit . 
Three games of bowling and about two hours of basketball . Fun day ! Got distracted like I hoped . Now it is back to being pissed . 
I love how everyone supports me seeking to join the National Guard . Thanks Dad for the support and < PROPMALE > !! 
I think it is a whatever day ! 
Going to Dad's this weekend . Going to be fun ! 
Waiting ... on some one . 
Helped mom with finishing the floor laying today . FINALLY ! 
Heading to dad's today . I hope I don't get to bored on the road . 
At dad's and watching the wind flow like no other . Yard work is out of the question . And < PROPFEMALE > had some high hopes . 
Going to < PROPMALE>'s tomorrow morning . 
Finally at UB's! 
Blood sugar goes low more often now . This kind of just started just last week . WTF is going on body ?? 
I keep getting told that I am awkward and creepy ... so I guess I will have a yellow rain coat and walk around being creepy and awkward in my future . 
Power is out at home , run away ! 
Getting to racing season again , time to change my profile picutre . Oh wait , I already did . He he ! 
called places today . About 90% of them said they will call me . 10% said they where not hiring . Target has a now hiring sign , I think I will call the other 2 that are in this area(that I know of ) and see if I can get a interview ! 
Feeling a bit under the weather . Hoping my throat does not hurt worse tomorrow . 
Going to bug Target , they are hiring at all of their stores , been seeing now hiring signs up . 
Going to race this weekend in Tri-Cities , kind of nervis . 
Heading to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s tomorrow at 9AM , I got some racing to do this weekend ! 
Interview at oaks park on Thursday ! 
Got a summer job at Oaks Park . Going over there tomorrow for a drug test and maybe see when I start working . 
Got work this coming Saturday , but will see about working for UW(Uncle < PROPMALE > ) this week . 
Happy Birthday to me ! 22 today 23 tomorrow , thank you government . 
Finally got the internet hooked up on my PC ! It only took 2 hours and a call to Quwest . 
First day of work went okay . I got no puke on me :) 
Mom got a cat and I named it jango fett . 
I just wana feel something , is now my favorit song ever ! 
Time for work . 
Three days off , then four days of work . 
So .. when making friends in Oregon City or any where . Should I just walk up to random people and ask them to be my friend ? 
Three more days of work , then 5 days to help UB(Uncle < PROPMALE > ) out ! 
Worked for UB(Uncle < PROPMALE > ) today ! 
Going to work soon , 5 days off was some what fun . Working with UB and < PROPFIRST > was most likely the high of my days off . Oh well , got some work and hope fully it will be fun ! 
First day off already almost gone . Second day off will most likely go just as fast or even faster ! Seen Nanny before she left and Aunt Cherl . Had fun , and might have < PROPMALE > with his family come to Oaks Park for a fun day . Not sure who else will agree to go but it sure will be fun for whoever does , I bet . 
Woke up to early for work , I knew I should of slept in ! 
Could not talk to my boss today about any kind of price cuts . Was trained on another ride as well , and had some fun ! 
Wow ! to early for me ! Have to be at work at 9AM . Going to have a gay old time , LOL ! 
I almost got killed by 8 million kids today ! Just for some rugs for the slide . 
I found out I can get five free braclets at work each week . Not sure when < PROPMALE > and everyone else is going to come to Oaks Park . But just let me no . 
Got to my second home , and watching Cops ! 
I covered all of Kiddy Land today ! It was the best ! 
Scooters where cool yesterday , let's hope I get them again today ! 
First day off went well . Just watched like 6 movies and a season of a show . Secound day off tomorrow , then work the next day . Good to get some sleep without lights on or people watching tv in the same room . 
Got my full time calender . Looks like only one day off a week and over 40 hours a week . 
Been sick for the last two days(not counting today ) and went/going to work ! Not fun but it's money ! Hope everyone else feels better then me . 
Think I might ask out a girl at work , but not sure how to ! 
Thinking about a girl ... 
Going to be lazy as can be !!! 
Watching Band of Brother again and not looking forward to work . 
Going to get some over time this week ! Hope I can get last weeks pay check ! 
I pray and hope you get better UB(Uncle < PROPMALE > ) ! I will come and see you real soon ! 
Unlce < PROPMALE > , hold on ! I am a coming soon ! lol !!! 
Got to move ! Not sure where everything will go . 
Yet another dog ... might have to get rid of the cat . 
Yet another animal(cat ) . Going to put my cat on < PROPMALE>'s list tonight . 
Finally almost all unpacked . Body is not doing so good towards me right now though . 
They're offended ? Fuck , shit , asshole , shitfuck ; they're just words ... Fine . Shitfuck isn't a word , but you get my point . 
( JOKE ) \Put\ 
So .. only another weekend(after this one ) of work left . They some unemployment until I can find yet another job ! So much fun ... 
Anyone want a really cool cat ?!? 
Sick for the third day in a row . Can't stand sitting up or even looking near any kind of light . Head , and nose hurt and I can't eat . Just shoot me now and get it over with ! 
4th day of sickness , going crazy within these walls ! 
5th day , coughing and sneezing are now going to kill me , not just the headache anymore ! 
6th day , headache still here but everything else is just about gone . Can breath , and no more sneezing . Feels great :) 
Got a interview tomorrow , got to get my cloths washed and ready to go ! 
interview at 3PM , then to pay my car insurence(or how ever it is spelled ! Dam you spelling corrections drop down < PROPFEMALE > , you never give me the correct way to spell things ! You always give me to many choices ! ) today . 
Anyone know the following two peoples : < PROPFEMALE > Steinmetz and < PROPFEMALE > Peterson ? 
Headen to California tomorrow ! Can't wait to see everyone ! 
Thinking about some one ... 
I get caught in a \you were the only one for me\ " 
Crazy-ness all around ! 
Evernyone , will you be willing to honor such a hero , such as Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC) ? Please honor a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country . Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( USMC ) died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan . He leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx a day after news of his death . Repost to honor this Hero and his family ... 
Cancelling Stargate Universe ... NO !!!!!!!!!!! Why Syfy channel ?!?! WHY ?!!?!!?!!?!! (PS , it is my favorite show ) 
Christmas , why do you have to come and go ?!? Dam you ! 
\Introducing the New Profile\ " Is this a good think to change ? Is it more crazy with the new profile ? " 
Your all crazy ! 
I am starting to hate Call of Duty Black Ops 
Taurus , I might have to leave you and welcome our neighbor ... Gemini ? 
Another dirty job from UB ? Let us call and see . 
Dam you !!! 
Senator < PROPFIRST > Lieberman wants to shut USA's internet off if a Cyber-security Emergency ever happens ... I don't think that this should happen ! And why is the senate going to vote on something like this ? 
Waiting for W2's to arrive ! 
Got hired for Oaks Park again . 
Got to start looking for tires for my truck . 
Got some training on Friday ! 
Almost 5 hours of being re-certified on 7 out of 22 rides . Got the rest to do on Monday . 
9 days of work starts Saturday ! 
HomeFront gets a 4 out of 10 for campaign and 6 out of 10 for multilayer . Call of duty is better ! 
Another 6 more days of work . 
To wet , to cold , and to < PROPFEMALE > for Oaks Park today ! Why do people still have a kid with a t-shirt on , running around ? Crazy customers ! 
Crazy minded today ! 
Go Obama go ! Help people that can't fight back ! 
Tired 
\How do you get that lonely 
