is yet again staying up all night the pllay the piano !! :) thats 5 nights in a row !! :) 

is really bored doing nothing !!! :( 
i just spent the night with the girl of my dreams !! :) 
is going to CANCUN TOMMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
is about to get on a plane to go to cozomel !!! :) its going to be an amazing week !! :) i going to miss everyone !! :) espicailly < PROPFIRST > !!! :) 
going to see GI < PROPFIRST > with my amazing girlfriend , who is totally always right :) about everrryyytthhinnnggg :) \\\\\\\\\\\\ 
going to see time travelers wife :) 
nevermind lol 
is partying and haveing fun with his rooommates !!!! 
is kinda in a depressed mood ! who knows maybe ill feel better tonight ! 
First day of school everybody wish me luck !!! :) 
everything right now effing sucks ......... 
feels really weriod and does not want do homework ! 
is seriously thinking about buzzing his hair ! 
and doing a couple of other dirastic things 
doesnt feel good 
just got back from having an amazing movie night with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !! :) 
gets go go sign up for dance lessons with < PROPMALE > today !! :)) 
lol its ok no worrys !!! :) 
drunk people are annoying ..... 
eyes are going to be soar tommorrow and some what wishes he didnt bring his big tv so everyone would leave .... 
' s new favorite song is brand new by drake ! :) 
forgot how amazing say anything is and cant wait for there new cd to come out !!!!!!!!! :) 
is going to go work out with < PROPMALE > Abshire because we decided that we are going to get ripped before school is over !!! :) 
FML SOME MORE ......... I CANT GET OWLS TO FREAKING WORK EITHER ............. WHY DOES EVER THING I GET NOT WORK ...................... 
lol i just wanna break things !!! lol i think that'll make me feel a little better ! 
hates how he prcorastinates everything and just wants to cry .... 
is in super study mode and is getting his Sh ! t done !!!!!!!!! :) 
is terriable at writing storys when he gets distracted ......... 
is about to cry .... 
is in a really weriod mood and just wants cry 
so im still up writing my paper ..... yay 
just finished his paper and was getting bed when his roomates alarm went off for his 8oclock class he supose to wake me up at 7 yay i get up in 35 mins 
is going on 36 hours without sleep and is still studying .......... FML 
is in a room full of sick people hopeing he doesnt get sick with strep or the flu ....... 
is haveing a goodday i woke up extra early to study for my quizz and i think i did pretty good !!! :) now is about to go to the math tutoring lab to finish my take hoime quizz !! yay for math then 1 more class and im free to go !! :) 
is turning 19 in 4 days !! waking up at 4am to study before my math test then going to us history !! then im im going to lake conroe with my best friend who i havent seen in 2 years and bunch of people to his lake house on lake conroe for part of my birthday party ! WOOOOOOOOO jet skis boats wakeboarding tubing waterskis ! i cant wait ! :) 
then saturday coreys comeing back with me and i get to show what life is like in college station and were going party like its my birthday ! lol even though it is ! i cant wait for the weekend to start ! :) hope everybodys elses weekend will be as good as mine ! :) 
is feeling pretty freaking amazing !!!! :) because i satyed up alnight studying for his math test and i actully think i did ok !!!! what a great way to start my bday weeknd !!! :) ONLY one more class ..... THEN THE RODE TRIP TO LAKE CONROE !!!!! :) AHHHHHHH LOL HOPE EVERYBODY HAS A GREAT WEEKEND !!! :) 
just had the best weekend ever !! :) no worrys no stress and lotssssssssssss of funnnnnnn !!!!!!!! :) and it just going to get even better i turn 19 in 3hours and 30 mins :)))))))))))))))) time to party !!!! :) 
' S BIRTHDAY IS IN T-MINUS 3 HOURS !! :)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) 
T MINIS 2 HOURS !!!!!! :) 
is my birthday 
why does everything rong have to happen at once .. 
is really thinking about alot of stuff ... 
is done with everything and ready to move on ! :) 
ONE DAY TILL DOUGS BIRTHDAY TOMMOROW WE CELEBRATE WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO :) 
so i definatly won 2 tickets to mercy me from a raffle i entered 2 weeks ago !! :) 
definatly just did his laundry for the first time since hes been in college station !!! :) it was finnally time !!! :) 
deffinatly had the most amazing weekend ever lacrosse and friends just are the 2 most amazing things ever !! :) 
Yeah , gotta start Looking at the hand of the time we've been given here This is all we got and we gotta start thinkin ' it Every second counts on a clock that's tickin ' Gotta live like we're dying We only got 86 400 seconds in a day To turn it all around or throw it all away We gotta tell ' em that we love ' em while we got the < PROPMALE > to say , Gotta live like we're dying '' i really like this song ! 
happy thanksgiving everyone ! :) 
really wants to see someone today !! :) 
really doesnt get why everyone expects the worst out of me ...... even though you tried so hard to do what eveyone else wants ..... 
cant believe everything is happening like this .. 
thinks < PROPFIRST > is great :) 
thinks < PROPFIRST > is pulchritudinous ! ;) 
why do i always hurt the people that love me the most ..... 
BTHO < PROPFEMALE > !!!! WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP ! :) 
has an job interview tommorow with a company thats going to be paying me $17 dollars an hour !!!! :) i guess things are starting to luck up !!! :) 
just got back from celebrating at la finca on my new job the family was there and we had a really good time !!! :) things are changing for the better and im going to make my faily proud ! :) thank you everyone for your support i really needed it !! :) 
This new years < PROPFEMALE > kinda sucked im hoping the year is alot better .. 
wow .... this new year was offically the worst start of a new year i could of probably had .. 
its in the hot gazing at the stars :) 
went to the division meeting was the top sells rep on his team got over $4000 dollars in sales put almost a g in his pocket got 2 promotions and won a samari sword all in his first 2 days of working !!! :))))) what a day !!!! lifes getting easier !!! :) and im loving it !!! :) 
is living in a dream right now !! :) and it just keeps getting better !!!! :) 
i lost my phone today so i have to use my old one and after reading all the texts from a long time ago it made me miss how things use to be :/ 
ok so i went to my trainer today at one and he wasnt there but there was a really hot girl instead so i didnt mind . anyway i was working my legs and out of no where she says , hey i like you and im free for the rest of the day would you want to do the craziest full body workout youve ever done ? lol i was like heck yea welll literally 5 hours later i get in my car and i just sit there for a moment and i couldnt move ! 
What a good way to start the day !! :) 
You know it deffinatly feels good when you take your shirt off and someone says , \Damn keaton when did you start working out ? \ " hahaha what a great way to start off the day ! :) " 
SHUTTER ISLAND TONIGHT WHOOP ! :) 
boy am i tired ! 
man am i bored ! lol 
TIME TO GO RUN !! :) 
dud today is such a pretty day !!!! :) today is also thee day we figured out thats < PROPMALE>'s car's ac works !!! :) TODAY WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY !!!! :) 
loves it when people proof exactly what you thought all along ! lol 
man training sucked today !!! 
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN WE HAVE SNOW !!!! :) 
so the cambridge just deffinatly had an all out snowball war with a shit tone of people !!! :)))))) 
step dads comeing over tonight then hopefully some poker ! :) 
Defiantly had an amazing weekend !!!! :) 
deffiantly aced his trig test !!!! :) now its time for the gym ! 
5 < PROPMALE > + 20lb ankle weights = me taking a long shower ! :) 
why cant i sleep :( 
man it was hard getting up this morning ! 
is really bored !!! 
is finnally home finnally got my new cell phone and i need everyones number !!!! so everyone text me 8324936493 !!! :) 
omg i cant believe that just happened .................. 
ok so microecnomics to world geography test to eating lunch with a bunch of girls to laying out by the pool to jumping in the freezing ass pool then to the frisbi golf park to play frisbi golf then to playing 4on4 with a bunch of black people then losing then back to the pool to layout and swim then rockclimbing and olympic diving at the rec then maybe get some archery in ! :) ah what a day im loving it its beautiful :) 
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP SPRING BREAK IS HERE TEST ARE OVER AND WE HAVE THE REST OF THE WEEK TO SPEND AT THE BEACH :) 
hahahahahaha if only i cared about what you have to say !!! tisk tisk hahaha 
man tonights going to be the last night we're here and its deffinatly going to be the craziest night off them all !!!! :) I HOPE EVERYONES WEARING SOME GREEN HAPPY SAINT PATTYS DAY ! :) 
Yo u Tube http://1127707724/coolfilm/ 
Good morning world ! :)))) 
I look up to the sky And now the World is mine Ive known it all my life I made it , I made it ! I used to dream about , the life I'm living now I know that theres no doubt . I made it , I made it ! :) 
A person often meets his < PROPFEMALE > on the road he took to avoid it ! :) 
yay for studying early in the morning ..... 
The only difference between Obama and Osama is the BS !!!!! hahaha 
Women always worry about the things that men forget ; men always worry about the things women remember !!! ain't that the truth ! :) 
does anyone know how to write a paper over the 5 themes of geography ? i really need some help ! 
so i turned in my bs world goegraphy paper lol then got to play some < PROPFEMALE > pong ..... well i got to lose at < PROPFEMALE > pong anyway lol i deffiantly got shown up by a girl ! :) lol now its time to sit in my room and do some mathxl yay ...... 
man mathxl sucks ....... 
You Tube http://0x43.199.0x7b.0xc9/criminal_action/ 
You Tube http://64.57.0x42.66/actual_show/ 
sorry everyone ........ :( 
man is been forever since facebook hahahahah studing allnight again lol text me ! :) 
so i deffinatly just made a 119 out of 120 on my world geo test ! :)))))) 
is getting prepared for the greattest summer of his life ! :) 
just got done with first day of training the futures sale's leaders ' of < PROPFEMALE > with mr. < PROPMALE > bench ! this summers going to be insane ! :) 
so i definately made a grand in about 30 mins of work yesterday ! man i have a rough life lol i love my job ! :) 
Slow was the turtle that won the race :) 
Who says nothing is impossible ??? Iive been doing nothing for years !! :) 
You know i got to thinking about why im always late to the office and i really didnt think of much ........ but you kow i realized that i make up for it by leaving early ! :) haha 
You know I dream of a better tomorrow , where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives !!! haha 
Before you insult a man , walk a mile in his shoes . That way , when you insult him , you'll be a mile away , and have his shoes ! hahah man im bored 
The reason < PROPFEMALE > is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live ! man < PROPFEMALE > has the life hahahah 
Always remember that you are unique ; just like everyone else !!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Hurricanes are like women : when they come , they're wet and wild , but when they leave they take your house and car ! dammmmnnnnn hahahah 
When shooting a mime , don't use a silencer or his friends will hear you ! haha \ 
man i really need to get off this shit ! lol 
Don't steal . The government hates competition ! hahah wat a fact 
I went too a restaurant that served breakfast at anytime , so i ordered french toast during the renaissance !!! i wish i could do that hahaah 
sooo much to do sooo little time !!!! ;) 
So last night was one of the best nights ive had in a long time ;) 
so i just watched the whole first season of true blood ............ HOLY SHIT ! >!@) $ (%* @*)% (&* %#%_ #_ %^ 
so i just had pretty much the best night of my life !!! :))))) everything is just so right with you ;) and i really wish you never had to leave ! :) 
so yesterday was amazing we had a party i got to < PROPFEMALE > with my baby and swim and eat and be < PROPFEMALE > :) lol good times 
COME ON AGGIES BTHO LOUSIANA TECH !!!!! WHOOOOOOP :) 
WHOOOOOOOOOP TEXANS NICE :) 
damn lastnight sucked and today wasnt any better time for keaton to sleep . 
yesterday was the best day ever i wish every day can be like it :) 
Dinosaurs were lies , fed to us to cover up the existence of Pokemon !!! And do ? not try to deny it !! :P 
tonight was amazing yet again ;) 
text me i just got a new phone i need < PROPFIRST > 8326835636 
Man I can't sleep :-( 
\THE GAME \"" 
1 more day and im offically no longer a teenager :) 
anyone else pulling an all nighter on your birthday ? lol 
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR YALLS BIRTHDAY WISHES YALL ARE AWESOME :) 
I think somethings wrong with how am I still awake ? :( 
camping at renfest this weekend anyone else going ? :) 
Man the texans suck ...... 
damn i love home ... 
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOP :) GIGEM AGGS 
wow im seriously writing a 1200 word paper on coconuts .... lol 
\When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace\ " :) " 
finally goin to bed goodnight world :) 
going to bingo with the family and logans girlfriend should be fun i guess .. 
ok so the tigers lost to pearland ....... but i guess some of the tigers had to step it up because < PROPFEMALE > lacrosse is 2-0 in the < PROPFIRST > lacrosse tournement classic goo tigers . keep up the good work :) time to read ....... ughhh 
WHOOOOP im almost 1/4 the way thru my paper :) 
WHOOP im 1/2 the way thru my paper :) only 1 to two more hours till im done :) 
WHOOOOOOP FINALS ARE ALLLLLLMOOOOOOSSSSTTTTT OVER I GOT 1 PAPER DOWN 1 TO GO THEN 2 TESTS AND THAT ITS LADIES AND GENTLEMEN WHOOOOOP ......... time for sleep lol goodnight world 
looks like i get to be the cook tonight then study for my finanite mathamatics final yay ..... 
well took my math test today only couldnt answer 1 and half problems :) WHOOOOOOP only 2 more test to go after i write an 1800 word paper lol hopefully i get to sleep tonight ... 
i guess i have time for a little nap lol 
goddddd i wish essays could write themselves .... 
whoop i am 1/9 the way thru my last paper :) 
whoop ive got just over 1/6th of my paper doneeeeee :) 
helll yea i am 1/3 the way thru my paper only 1156 words to go :) 
damn why does everything have to hit me at once this fucking blows ..... 
man i wish i was in college station ..... 
you know since things dont seem to be going my way these days i think its time to make things go my way . 
i need some stress relief i think i need to go to the gym .. 
you know its really sad when the highlight of your week is bingo the a bunch of old people .... lol 
Whoop I finally got a new phone everybody text me their < PROPFIRST > 8326835636 :) 
man if only there was a way ..... 
man i wish all this shit didnt happen during finals week .... maybe then id find the heart to study ...... hopefully going to the gym will help . 
Man pandora is loving me tonight \and then there were none\ " is amazing " 
Good job ags in beating washington whooop 
all i want to know was that you were ok ........... cause if you felt the same way i do all you need to know is that some one cares :/ 
last night of hardcore studing then im done for almost a month whooop 
I wanna be an astronaut\ 
And get high\ 
Break the barrier of sound into the sky\ 
I just want to be free\ 
From all these confines of gravity :) 
So my math teacher didn't show up and I get one more day to study :) lol so the all n ightcram session was for nothing lol ... time for gym then hibernation till weds :) 
So I'm mentally tired cause of my shall 
Oops 
Lol I'm just tired physically and mentally time for a nap 
man this stress is getting to me .... 
Man I wish things would just get better but Ijust can't live it down ...... 
im omw to schol for my history exam .... one more then im done 
so history exam was cake :) i got a 91 on my vietnam essay and i feel pretty good about my test :) so i thik overall i did pretty good in that class if only i can say that for math lol time to study for that so i can be done ! 
\I can see that the closest thing to perfect is the farthest thing from me \"" 
\These days seem like wherever i go\ 
is deffintly sick i have a 103 fever and have been throwing up all day .... i wish some one could take care of me .... i just wish this could alll go away :/ cause im supose to be celebrating that finals are over but that looks like it isnt going to happen ..... :/ i hope everyones finals turned out amazing and wish the best of luck to all ..... good luck to everyone that has finals to study for still ..... 
Man I feel so much better thank god lol I think I had a bug ! 
At the gym getting ripped lol man I can't wait till I get p90x :) 
God my grandma has the best stories to tell man I love her :P 
Man im looking at all the pictures of my dads family from 1900 to now includeing everyone in the war and its really special and i just cant help but cry ! :) but its a good cry god i really do love her and are verythankfull of everything she is ! she truly is amazing :) 
i help the actul newspaper clipping of when < PROPMALE>'s mom died i was holding histor in my hand man i just cant believe everything i saw tonight i can honestly say that i was reall moved by it all ! 
\Lift your arms 
omw to the highlight of my week BINGO :) 
Just got back from the gym ! Time to get ready for this 3 million dollar wedding and crash it like the wedding crashers :P 
\Wake up on your own\ 
Omw to bakers street pub to eat with the mom and < PROPMALE > :P 
Up bright and early this morning :) 
Dude that's awesome I just figured out how to facebook chat on my droid :) 
man i cant wait till p 90 x gets here looks like i should have it by the start of the new year :) 2011 is going to be my year :) 
Out shopping for a family that is under privileged I hope y'all have as good of a christmas that I've come to enjoy :) 
Then shopping for my little cousins :) 
Man I can't sleep ... 
Tonight was definatly the best night in the whole month of december by far :) 
out with my mommy going to the hard rock cafe :) 
dude the ps3 move is freakin sweet :) 
Every time I try to do something right I end up doing something wrong ..... 
man pandora is haten on my this morning ! 
Waffle house = amazing :) 
This weekend was definatly of the worst weekends iv had in a long time ........ 
Man I'm really lonely tonight ...... 
day 1 = done 
Damn plyometrics is some hard core shit day 2 done and thru :) 
Day 3 = over and I'm feeling good 
Giggem ags BTHO LSU :) 
Dammit aggies .... 
Aggies come on ... 
whoop :) i finally got my computer back thank god :) 
BORED AS HELL ... 
first day of work at the new job ! 
Off to work ! 
today is going to b an awesome day I just found a boomerang :) 
\I need a mind condom cause I'm being mind fucked \"" 
Yo jersey shore was awesome and skins is freakin sweet so far ! 
Skins was awesome ! 
all my way to class :) 
I totally went to the wrong class my first day back ..... lol 
Class is done ! :) 
man its been awhile ssince i actully got on a computer to use facebook lol 
WTF like no one is playing black ops today 
bored as fuck anyone wanna play call of duty for play station :) message me 
anyone know anyone hiring ??? 
Man and I really thought you cared ..... 
I guess things just don't matter anymore ......... 
Real loss only occurs when you lose something you love more than yourself ..... 
Everyone wish me luck I have court this morning .... 
Man I wish I didn't feel so alone ..... 
Damn whos line is it anyway is awesome :) 
You know you made me so good today :) 
Man I love my gov and pre civil war classes people are just so friendly :) 
“If at first you do not succeed , then skydiving is surely not meant for you” 
“A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools” 
bored waiting for class to end is anyone else bored ? 
damn what has the world come to ... 
A duck just fucking flew and hit my head wtf is that shit ?!?! 
So I just watched the state of the union and even though I'm totally against obama and most of his political views i was actully kinda impressed with alot of 
You no what your problem is you got it set on M for mini when you should set it to W for wambo :) 
Chemistry for engineers bores the shit out of me god I wish my teacher spoke complete english ...... 
I can't handle all this bull shit any more im not waiting for shit to happen anymore ..... i just can't ... 
God I hate getting up early when you barely get any sleep .... 
Why does every thing have to effect me so much .... 
\Please take a long hard look through your textbook cause im history \"" 
Your so fake a pro wrestler could take lessons from you ! 
Wtf seriously ? We broke up over a year ago why the fuck are you still trying to make me jealous ? I don't give a shit what you do nor can you ever make me jealous ! 
If you ever think your doing the right thing always double check yourself because theres always going to be some one who points out what you did wrong ... 
I don't forgive people because I'm weak . I forgive them because I'm strong enough to know that people make mistakes . 
Someday I'm going to make someones dreams come true ! 
Each of us represents a < PROPFEMALE > in the sky . Sometimes we shine with the rest , sometimes we twinkle alone and sometimes , when we least expect it , we make someone else's dreams come true . 
I'm only me . That is all I can be . No more , no less , don't second guess . I love , I live , I laugh , I cry . I've wished sometimes that I could die . Some days I'm funny , others I'm not , sometimes I'm in overdrive and I can't stop . You may not like me , but that's okay because this is me and how I'll stay . 
so dropped my phone in a little bit of water last night and ive yet to turn it on i thinkm ima let it dry out a little longer ! 
turning phone on tommorrow hopefully it works 
I'm done trying I'm just ready to give up ... 
Wtf power quit fucking playing with my mindjust stay the fuck on 
No one say they have power youll jinx it ...... 
Oh tv how much I love the :) 
Going to see the nuclear cowboys tonight kinda excited :) 
The nuclear cowboys are insane :) 
Damn its too early but todays the day everyone wish me luck :) 
anyone wanna play some black ops on ps3 add me whooplax777 
Reading .... somebody shoot me . 
\Fucking\ " is such a fucking useful fucking word that can fucking be put anyfuckingwhere in a fucking sentence and it fucking still makes fucking sense . " 
man i harldy talked to anyone today its kinda sad lol 
off to the gym going to get RIPPED :) 
man im bored .. 
man this weekend sucked ... 
Enjoying ribs and watching lacrosse with the family I'll have my phone :) so text me ! 
ii hate the feeling of wanting something i cant have ... 
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you’ll understand what little < PROPMALE > you have in trying to change others ! 
Love doesn't make the world go round ; love is what makes the ride worth while ! 
if only you were here then i think everything would be alright ! 
Omw to school to get raped by my chemistry midterm ... 
Super hungry munch time is now ! :) 
Holy fog its foggy this nothing lol 
all these hours at the gym are really starting to pay off :) 
cycling class this morning time to go feel the burn ! lol 
why am I up so early .... 
I really need a job can anyone help me please .... 
just got done at the gym time for subway :) 
doesn't want to go to school today ... but I gots to .... 
man chemistry is going to suck ... 
wow I didn't get raped as bad as I thought I did on my chem mid term :) I could actully pass this class whoop :) 
history is so boring .... 
at the gym getting ripped :) 
going to babins with my momma :) 
man tonights just not going well bored out of my mind .. 
don't be a menace in south central while drinking your juice in the hood :) 
beach tommorrow :) im excited :) 
kiss tonight who's excited :) 
omg kiss is insan :) 
Face book is like a jail . You sit around , waste time , have a profile picture , write on walls and get poked by guys you dont know ! hahahahah 
off to maryjoe to run any one wanna join ? :) 
i wanna go to the zoo 
man im bored out of my mind :/ 
Todays my court date e evenings going to be over with today .. 
Wow I totally just got a free smoothie from smoothie < PROPMALE > because she thought I was hot :) todays a good day :) 
Damn all this working out is paying off :) 
Thermonuclear energy is freakin retarded ..... 
Whenever you need me \ 
Whenever want me , \ 
You know you can call me , I'll be there shortly \ 
Don't care what your friends say , cause they don't know me \ 
I can be your best friend , and you be my homie \ 
I ain't gonna flex , I'm not gonna front \ 
You know if I ball , then we all gonna stunt \ 
Send her my way , she ain't gotta hold up \ 
Whenever you call baby I'll roll up , I'll roll up , I'll roll up 
Rasberry ? 
dont you hate when at one point yall were best friends and couldnt go a day without talking to each other .. to now where barely talking at all ..... it kinda sucks ... 
Man I woke up and smelt coconuts man I miss those days :/ 
My violent torpedo if truth :) 
My phones messing up if I didnt respond to your text I'm sorry 
i am the luckiest unlucky person in the world ! lol 
I am the man with a heavy heart and I dare not turn the pages ; you are who you are and no one can ever change it ! 
My phone is still , messed up taking it to the store now 
Somebody text me so I can see if my phones fixed :) 
sorry everybody ive texted over the past few days if you got a bunch of texts all at oncelol 
whoop going to nocturnal fest :) whos coming with me :) 
Wow my day has been freaking awesome chickfil definaty made my week thank you < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I'm getting ABSolutly ripped :) 
Girl you be killin em <3 
Girl the way you moving got me in a trance :) 
why is pizza so good but yet so bad for you ...... sorry abs pizza wins this time lol 
smoothie < PROPMALE > made my day :) 
