i finally made a facebook . took long enough right ? 

I hate hangovers ! 
gotta love this feeling 
I feel like i could take on all of afghanistan by myself right now 
Baby ill be your huckleberry u dont have to double dare me If the world gets wild and scary count on me to be right there 
note to self . dont let her have sugar 
shes so cute when shes angry 
shes everything i ever wanted :) 
BYAAAW !!!! 
this past month had to be one of the best times of my life . i wish it didnt end so quickly 
got my new bass today :) 
missing her more than ever 
great my phone broke lasy night and i have cq today so i cant get a new one til saturday 
whoever supports the building of a mosque at ground zero need to get the fuck out of this country 
just in time , im so glad you have a one track mind like me , you gave my life direction , a game show love connection we cant deny 
GO GIANTS !! 
< PROPFEMALE > AINT GOT SHIT ON NEW YORK 
got 150 bucks ridin on te giants game tonight 
majorly pissed now 
Ive been around here for sometime Oh and yes Ive seen some things But not anything comes close to the love that you bring You know exactly who you are You know just who you wanna be Oh i cant believe this love oh it is happening to me Oh so much fear to face to get me where I am Its clear for me to see that this was never my plan But here we are now girl oh just me and you Im lovin every minute that I spend with you 
34 to 10 Giants . Texans aint got shit 
Can't go wrong in the gym with some A7X blasting in my ears 
Things are finally working out for me . I'm happier then I've ever been . She helped me to become the man I am today . I love you hunny 
\ where the fuck is my kit\ " ( looks down ) \ " oh .. nevermind \"" 
Way to go < PROPMALE > you just had to fumble the ball the last 3 minutes of the game and throw away any < PROPMALE > of us possibly winning . Nobody even touched you . You dropped it on your own . 
Wow people are gettin really worked up over these TSA < PROPFIRST > downs and shit . There's nothing wrong with that kinda security . I personally like feeling safe on a plane and I get paranoid enough as it is when flying . Keep up the good work TSA 
This will be th 3rd year in a row where I won't be able to spend thanksgiving with my family . 
thanks everyone . im getting totally wasted tonight ! 
so is it bad if im still drunk from last night 
totally took on a black < PROPFEMALE > for the first time today 
Lord , please guide and protect me\ 
I got the love in my heart , I got the fire in my soul\ 
This no type of fire that nobody can control 
its seriously -11 out right now with a high of 2 today 
not to self im never dinking a 2 liter of mountain dew before bed ever again . its 430am and im still not tired 
