got back from sillverwood at 1:30 

hyperventilated because of a huge yellow spider that was crawling on me . 
I know your deeds . See , I have placed before you an open door that no one can shut . I know that you have little strength , yet you have kept my word and have not denied my name Revelation 3:8 
just caught some baby grasshopper's froze them and fed them all to the chickens . 
Do not withhold your mercy from me , O LORD ; may your love and your truth always protect me . Psalms 40:11 
got rubbing alcohol in a big cut on her finger 
:) ! :) ! :) ! :) 
is eating frozen grapes 
is going to Flathead lake ! 
just got back from Flathead lake ! 
doesn't have enything to say 
... hi ... 
washed her sheep and got just as wet as the sheep did . 
! 
sat on her sisters head while wrestling with her ! 
:) 
is never going to let her sister on her facebook ever again ! 
hello ! 
is waching finding Nemo ! 
HAS A NEW CAMERA !!!!!!!!!!! 
um ... 
......................................................................... 
aaaaaaaah i hate it when people text . 
saw so many people she knew at the fair ! 
goodnight ! 
hi ! 
is helping with the pickling of green beans ! 
then Hildeburh ordered her own sons body be burnt with Hnaef's the flesh on his bones sputter and blaze beside his uncle's the women wailed and sang keens the warrior went up carcass flame swirled and fumed ... I dont think i like this book much . 
wants her sister back :( 
is having fun with enter 
Kyrah and Faith are back ! 
got out of bed at 12:35 this morning ... pathetic . 
is going to get some tea and play some more scrabble with Faith ! 
is going to watch The Bourne Identity yes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
are you snoring your self to death ? snoring can kill you ! 
just jot back from a volleyball game at scs ! 
hello weekend i have been waiting for you ever sins you left ! 
is taller than Kyrah and has bigger feet . yes !!!!!!!!! 
went on a two hr walk in the rain yesterday , found some dear bones and got tons of great pics . what a lovely way to spend an evening ! 
And whenever my ship sets sail I’ll be on the beach Waltzing to the water with the sand beneath my feet So I can watch another sunrise You know I can’t deny This is the life for me , the life for me ... 
good after noon my name is < PROPMALE > i am a wilderness explorer ... 
< PROPFEMALE > if you love me will you smile ? 
faith is coming over ! :) 
when you don't understand when you don't see his plan when you cant trace his hand trust his heart . 
hi < PROPFIRST > I'm Nero . 
BOOM !!!! 
needs some new music . 
what is with all of the colors for statuses ? 
\Flying is learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss . \"" 
where O death is your victory ? where O death is your sting ? The sting of death is sin and the power of sin is the law . But thanks be to god ! He gives us victory through our Lord Jesus Christ . 
when I'm an old lady I'm going to work out and go for bike rides wearing hats high heals and skirts ! 
\Few guys are as well shaped as a good horse . \"" 
Every time i start to get used to the new news feeds the change it . 
does anyone NOT use the word dude on a regular basis ? 
???? ???? ???? ????? ??????????. 
Utah 11 days ! 
Utah 7 days ! 
Is home ! 
snow you've got to be kidding me ! 
ITBS over ! 
Good bye pink walls ! 
went fishing today ! 
I wish girls wore ties as fashion like guys . 
sound of the lawn mower , smell of grass , the feel of sunshine , swimming , ice tea and small breezes now that sounds good ! 
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy ? 
my life be like ooh aah ooh aah ... 
getting glasses ... 
Everyone has photographic memory ; some just don't have the film . 
So who set of the atomic bomb in my room ? 
Had an awesome wipe out with Kyrah today ! 
Cooking dinner . 
Did you hear the thunder ? 
eating pickles and pepper ! 
\All days are nights to see till I see thee 
Toy Story 3 ... One weird movie . 
T-I-R-E-D- ! 
\Lovely\ " is one of the most beautiful words ever invented ! " 
I just officially mastered the french twist and fishtail braid ! 
Haircut ! 
Editing pictures so frustrating ! 
When the < PROPFEMALE > hits you eye like a big pizza pie\ 
That's amore ... 
Blisters from cutting vegetables how lame ... 
Home from Silverwood ! 
the man who walks in front of cars gets tired but the man who runs behind cars gets exhausted . 
Hog in cursive upside down is boy ! 
Grandparents plus technology = one big nightmare . 
I kinda want to dye my hair pink ... 
< PROPMALE > Potter ! 
\Ask and it will be given to you ; seek and you will find ; knock and the door will be opened to you . \ " < PROPMALE > 7:7 " 
People steal , they cheat and lie\ 
For wealth and what it will buy\ 
Don't they know on the Judgment Day\ 
That their gold and silver will melt away ? \ 
\ 
I'd rather be in a deep , dark grave\ 
And know that my poor soul was saved\ 
Than to live in this world in a house of gold\ 
And deny my God and doom my soul . 
