got to feel an earthquake today :D teh days keep getting more exciting 

omehgawdzomgwtbbfq I saw a dead guy the other day ... he was trying to cross the highway during rush hour and got hit ... blood was leaking from his head D: 
is stil having fun 
i saw transformers 2 last night , 2 days before it comes out in the US ... it was in spanish ...... 
i saw murder scene last night 
will be back home from guatemala in about 26 hours or so 
it's nice to be back home ... sleeping in my own house/bed 
is balln , throw'n money round 
If I could move a few packs I get the hat now that'd be dope 
wishes he were black some days ... but only some 
And if my thought-dreams could be seen They'd probably put my head in a guillotine But it's alright , < PROPFEMALE > , it's life , and life only 
is gonna rock it til the wheels fall off 
ha ... mistakes do go away . 
- One can dream , right ? 
is gonna wait to see how things play out 
you be good to me oh i'll be good to you and we'll both ride home in my automobile - Eazy E 
knowin ' nutin in life but to be legit ' 
has three little birds by his doorstep 
can check off the box for PS3 
is up to no good 
pulled a stupid move 
woo ! new phone to mess around with for next couple weeks 
is feeling lucky today 
All these cars end up on the sidewalk . People in every direction no words exchanged no time to exchange 
bendecido con suerte 
chilln in a tropical climate with no worries 
going to the biggest mall in central < PROPFEMALE > and visiting mayan temples ... being in Guatemala is tough work 
Im back , but dont plan on seeing me tomorrow 
feeling a lot better and excited to return .. ' cept all the work that Ill have waiting for me . 
You're done , < PROPFEMALE > ! You're DONE ! 
< PROPFIRST > was never in charge . 
Gonna create a masterpiece 
My weariness amazes me , I’m branded on my feet , I have no one to meet , and the ancient empty street’s too dead for dreaming 
is bein ' a G ' n stuff 
has his drink and his two step 
As I raise my head towards the heavens to take one last look at the < PROPFEMALE > , the stars begin to fall . 
Gonna ask the dust for any answers , and come back strong with 50 belly dancers 
I hate < PROPFIRST > party 7 more than anything 
not gonna limit myself to what's infront of me 
I hate chemistry with all of my soul . . . 
I'm going to Chicago ! 
The school feels empty D: 
Im a REAL senior now 
Ugh ! VBS music stuck on \repeat\ " in my head ! " 
If anyone wants to buy a Wii , let me know ! I'm offering a really good deal . 
stupid lakers . . . 
Deathly Hallows was incredible ! 
Chill'n in downtown Chicago 
Modest Mouse was awesome ! 
- God's voice thunders in marvelous ways ; He does great things beyond our understanding . Job 37:5 
goodbye hair D: 
Valley Fair tomorrow ! 
Today’s agenda : Delve further into my AP euro history book D: 
I start my senior year of high school tomorrow ?? 
School year wake up schedule is hitting hard 
Hmm .. four day weekend that I wont even be able to enjoy due to an excess of homework :/ 
Three letters : DBZ 
To do list : Play Reach , play Reach , watch DBZ , finish senior shirt , play Reach , read my book . But there's AP euro blocking these ambitions . 
Yeah , Im outta shape right now 
Freeline skates on the way ! 
We hold to higher standards . Not for our < PROPFEMALE > , but for God’s 
Off to a \college visit\ " tomorrow . " 
These things are bomb 
What a great day . 
I will forever remember baking cookies with < PROPFIRST > Eggers ! 
B-Dubs tastes so much better in Minnesota 
Geese , why dont you stay a little longer ? Im not ready for you to leave . 
So ... I have a construction cone in the trunk of my car . Who could have done such a thing ? 
Is about to embark on a journey called Fable 3 one day before everyone else 
This snow ... it makes me want to cry . 
jksljfdosidfjsldif ............. poop 
A 3rd visit to the U of M ?? You better believe it ! 
Counting down to HP ! 
I HATE these physics modules . 
Guess who got their < PROPMALE > Potter ticket ! 
I got a new puppy ! 
In the grand scheme of things ... all these tests and projects don't matter . 
I want all this snow , all of it , every last flake to melt now . 
What happens when Pinocchio says , \My nose will grow now\ " ? Think about that for awhile . " 
I'm thankful that I have things to be thankful for . 
Procrastina . . . 
No I was not up until 12:45 working on POD -- Who am I trying to kid ? 
Do people want me to bring in good speakers for our hymn presentations ? 
Physics , POD paper , aaaand AP Eruo all done in one night ? This is unheard of . 
MLIB 
Seven is better than one 
So ... much ... physics 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > Lutz for introducing me to KNDS radio . 
Please , not another stoplight on my way to school :( 
That's what I live for . 
I put my soul in what I do . 
I'm struggling to even open up my AP Euro book to study , let alone read it 
Kindergarten ET tomorrow ! followed by a physics test that will more than likely destroy me . Creates a nice ballance to my morning . 
It's been a lot of fun so far , and there's a lot of life yet to live . 
Stumble Upon vs . Studying for Physics ... wonder who's gonna win that fight . 
Today has been freaking awesome . 
Wake up early tomorrow morning , serve breakfast with my friends thus finishing 80 hours of Bible Practicum . Righteous 
That was one crrrrraaaazy \senior night \"." 
Sure I'm coughing up a lung over here , but a < PROPMALE > Potter marathon makes everything seem a little bit better . 
The beautiful sound of Thunder ... 
I need some drawing ideas . If you give me an idea I like , I might attempt to draw it for you . 
Weird day today ... weird day ... 
Burger < PROPMALE>'s 20 piece chicken tenders ... yeah , awful idea . Never again . 
Saved a few houses from destruction today ... just a day in the life of a FM citizen . What of it ? 
Dear 8th Grade Danny , \ 
Thank you for asking me those questions . Life goes by fast 
I just got paid to throw books and files out a three story building window for two hours . Yes , it was as awesome as it sounds . 
Oh , what to do on a night such as this one ? 
Alienware laptop graduation gift : check 
Bring it on Bible Prac papers . 
I've never hated cats more in my life . . . 
80 hours and 5 papers later . I think I finished Bible Practicum . Overall - good experience . 
Intense studying for AP Euro exam for the next two days D: 
Hey everyone , a handful of my friends and I have our big AP European History exam tomorrow . We could use some prayer . It would be much appreciated . 
After that exam , I am now 95% checked out for the remainder of the school year 
This cat is the bane of my existence 
I hope they're all ready to lose to the \Sophmore Girls\ " dodgeball team . " 
Shadiest thing I have ever seen with my own two eyes . . . 
My God is crazy ... in a good way . 
Here's to my last week of high school . 
Here's to my last day of high school . 
What an exciting first day of summer . Open houses , pie , played outside with the guys , went swimming , Dairy < PROPFEMALE > , a tornado warning , and it was all wrapped up with a movie with the bro . 
Finally ... my house is back together . 
Feels good to start drawing again . 
Here's to every father that deserves to be called a father . 
Got my < PROPMALE > Potter ticket and a Slytherin shirt today . And the countdown begins . . . 
Skype : Danny_Kvale 
Wisdom teeth out tomorrow morning . 
I hurt ... this sucks 
Anyone wanna come visit me on this beautiful day ? 
\Let me forget about today until tomorrow \"" 
104 hours and 40 minutes to go . 
3 days , 5 minutes 
50 hours , 30 minutes . 
23 hours 
From \The boy who lived\ " to \ " The flaw in the plan\ " . . . " 
Skating along on the wet streets , do a powerslide ( a nice one I might add ) , left skate goes out from underneath my foot , 100% of my weight on my left arm as it meets the ground , pop , dislocated shoulder , 2 hours in the ER , and all I can say is I can't wait to get back on my Freelines . 
Why yes , I did just go for a skate with my arm in a sling . 
I guess I'm getting one of them job things . 
Feels like I met up with a friend I haven't seen in the past three months . 
Nothin like a fresh pair of chucks . 
I can't believe I get paid to help kids across the monkey bars , put band aids on , and make paper \Blue Angel\ " airplanes . " 
Air show ! 
\I live on the corner of Grey Street and the End of the World \"" 
Just ordered some red Freeline wheels . 
So I guess I start this college gig tomorrow or something . 
Clap once if you see me . Clap twice if you hear me . Three times if you feel me . 
Lets color the city . 
I just want the UPS man to come ... 
Wish granted . Helloooo red wheels . 
Why yes , I will change your status :) Much love , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Mikkelsen . 
SSBM . Gonna get my wavedash on with < PROPFIRST > Condon and < PROPMALE > McCrary 
I'm so bored I could go on Facebook ... 
Rub'n shoulders with the president . President Maahs that is . 
Smash club ... 
Grrr ... my edge guard ripped before winter got here . 
dannii herrick is awesome !! 
Gonna get my hypno on . 
Lets start October the right way tonight . 
Weird . . . 
I need to stop putting in so many long hours on campus . 
I just want to skate with this wind forever and then call someone to pick me up . 
Humming SSBM menu music while packing the Cube ... Yup , there's Smash Club tonight . 
I'm over the \college high\ " . School sucks again . " 
I didn't have my FM transmitter in my car today , so I listened to the radio . Yeah . Never again . 
Really hating design class right now . 
Estoy cansado . 
Friday . 
A day full of Bison sports with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Pfingsten and chilling with < PROPMALE > Ekdom on the side . A fun filled Saturday . 
How ' bout them Dragons ? 
