2011 ... 

< PROPMALE > got a Facebook . Actually , < PROPFIRST > made him one without asking ... 
< PROPMALE > is thankful to God for his family ! 
is happy that the Lord forgives us when we sin . 
is working on reorganizing his room , and he is tired . 
had fun at AWANA !!!! 
Says hi to all of his family on facebook . 
loved the sunset tonight . The Lord's creation is beautiful ! 
is praying that tomorrow goes well . 
praises the Lord that yesterday went well !!! 
got shot in the head today ... owwww !!!! 
wishes that Jesus would come back soon . 
thanks God for the wonderful weather !!! 
just beat the tank game on Wii play !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
had fun at AWANA tonight !!! 
is looking forward to the 6th . It will be blast ... lol . 
praises the Lord for being sick . It gives him time to study and pray . Ps 76:23 
The heavens declare the < PROPFEMALE > of God ; and the firmament sheweth his handywork . Ps 19:1 
Examine me , O LORD , and prove me ; try my reins and my heart . Ps 26:2 
just posted some photos with me and my guns . 
doesnt care if our president calls him a redneck . 
is glad that we can visit dad on post !!! 
is sore from yesterdays excitement . 
praises the Lord for his family and his church ! 
went shopping with mom and did homework today . 
loves Jesus for dying for him . 
is looking forward to Saturday ! 
is getting ready to annihilate everyone tomorrow ! 
is wondering why people use other peoples pictures as their profile picture . 
is ready for WWIII ... BEWARE . 
My profile pictures is me standing among the rocks of Little Round Top at the Gettysburg battlefield . 
had a great time of learning at church and a great time a fun at McDonalds yesterday . 
just finished his AWANA Grand Prix car ! 
had a great time at youth group tonight !!!!!!!!! 
had a great time at AWANA tonight ! 
had an interesting day . 
is having a shooting friends with airsoft festival . It is going great !! 
had a wonderful dinner ! 
had a great day of sledding and snowball throwing !! Praise the Lord for his creation !!! 
Please pray for Dad . He is flying out on the 28th . Praise the Lord that he get a 4 days of leave time before that . 
Everyone must watch the video from tonight ! 
loves the beautiful weather ! Thank you Lord ! 
Please pray for < PROPMALE > and me ... we are going on a missions trip to Vancouver for nine days . 
had an amazing time in Canada !!! Praise the Lord that there are Christians who are not ashamed of their faith . 
Check out some pictures from our my trip to Canada . 
Added a few more photos to the AIG mission album . 
Dad left today . Please pray for him while he is away . 
Just got back from shooting . Had a great time !!! 
Beautiful day ! 
I hope that it snows soon . 
I got my permit yesterday . Beware all who drive ... just kidding . 
Check out my videos of our trip . 
mowed the lawn today for the first time this year . 
Took a walk this morning and was amazed , as always , at God's wonderful and beautiful creation . 
Had a great time at youth group tonight !!! 
If you need the Able's address go to my events . 
worked hard in the yard yesterday ... and I loved it . 
1Jo 4:4 ¶ Ye are of God , little children , and have overcome them : because greater is he that is in you , than he that is in the world . 
Just uploaded a few more pictures from our Canada trip . Take a look ! 
See you all on the field of battle tomorrow . 
I am home from the airsoft war and I am really tired out . 
Just added some pictures from the war . I am also going to add some videos . Check them out ! 
It is too bad that the < PROPMALE > care < PROPMALE > passed . Now < PROPFEMALE > is one step closer to socialism and communism . Our individual rights are slowly being taken by the government . Our founding fathers instituted government for the protection of our libirties . The government has NO business providing \free\ " < PROPMALE > care for people . < PROPMALE > care is NOT a right . " 
Ps 22:27 All the ends of the world shall remember and turn unto the LORD : and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before thee . 28 For the kingdom is the LORD'S: and he is the governor among the nations . 
Great sermon this morning . It is very humbling to think that it was you and me that made Jesus want to stay on the cross . He took our sins on Himself ; imagine the pain of being separated by the Heavenly Father while on the cross . That pain hurt way more than the physical pain . What will we do for Him ? 
Ps 40:3 And he hath put a new song in my mouth , even praise unto our God : many shall see it , and fear , and shall trust in the LORD . 
Col 2:6 As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord , so walk ye in him : 7 Rooted and built up in him , and stablished in the faith , as ye have been taught , abounding therein with thanksgiving . 
Mt 27:26 ¶ Then released he Barabbas unto them : and when he had scourged Jesus , he delivered him to be crucified . Mt 27:35 And they crucified him ... 
M't:27:46: And about the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice , saying , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , lama sabachthani ? that is to say , My God , my God , why hast thou forsaken me ? 
M't:27:59: And when < PROPFIRST > had taken the body , he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth , M't:27:60: And laid it in his own new tomb , which he had hewn out in the rock : and he rolled a great stone to the door of the sepulchre , and departed . 
Mt 28:5 And the angel answered and said unto the women , Fear not ye : for I know that ye seek Jesus , which was crucified . 6 He is not here : for he is risen , as he said . Come , see the place where the Lord lay . 
Just got back from bible college ... IT WAS AWESOME !!!!! 
is tired from working in the yard . 
just came back to Facebook . 
Ps 19:1 \The heavens declare the < PROPFEMALE > of God ; and the firmament sheweth his handywork . \"" 
I just read this morning all of Ps 19 . In verse 14 where it says that we are to talk right and think right , the next phrase says that GOD is our strength . Amen . 
loves puns . 
I am about to go get some tomato plants ... I dig gardening . :) 
Just got done studying for my devotion that I get to give in youth group of Wednesday . The more I learn about the Bible , the more I see how much God cares about us and wants a personal relationship with us . 
Did all the animails on the ark come in pairs ? ---- No , the worms came in apples . :) 
Why didn't Goliath expect < PROPFIRST > to hit him with a stone ? ---- The thought had never entered his head before . :) 
Just got back a little while ago from a shopping trip to Walmart . Uuugggg . < PROPFEMALE > set me up with a new wardrobe . You all will see it on the 4th . 
can't wait to shoot someone ... airsoft of course . 
Ps 19:12 Who can understand his errors ? cleanse thou me from secret faults . \ 
13 Keep back thy servant also from presumptuous sins ; let them not have dominion over me : then shall I be upright , and I shall be innocent from the great transgression . \ 
14 Let the words of my mouth , and the meditation of my heart , be acceptable in thy sight , O LORD , my strength , and my redeemer . 
Well it was a good day for the most part . < PROPMALE > and I were able ( no pun intended ) to scare the girls in the dark at church , and get the whole thing on video . It was AWESOME . I will try to upload it soon . 
Sorry to all those who saw that I changed my relationship status . It was an accident , and I and NOT in any kind of relationship . 
I read this morning about how God is our strength and shield , and that if we trust in Him we WILL be helped . Because of that , the verse says that we can sing praises to Him . \A mighty fortress is our God\ " (singing ) " 
washed the truck this morning and is loving the beautiful weather ... Thank you Jesus ! 
is at church hanging out in my new outfit < PROPFEMALE > picked out for me . When Pastor < PROPMALE > saw it he busted up laughing . :( 
Just finished mowing the lawn and spraying the weeds . I finally got the sprayer to work . It is a heavy duty , mass spraying machine . I love that thing ... I named her < PROPFEMALE > . 
read this morning Ps 31 . Verse 15 says something that is very comforting ... \My times are in thy hand \"..." 
Check out my Scare the Girls video series . 
Well , \ 
its another beautiful day in the neighborhood . I hope that there will\ 
be a lot of people at church today at 6:00 pm to help hand out VBS\ 
pamphlets . 
had a good time passing out fliers tonight for VBS . :) Wish more people were there though . :( 
A doctor broke the bad news to a man , that his wife would have to be admitted to a psychiatric hospital . \ 
“I’m afraid her mind’s completely gone , ” he said . \ 
“That does not surprise me , ” mumbled the man . ... “She’s been giving me a piece of it every day for the last 15 years . ” 
Having a good day . 
Off to VBS practice . I wonder if I can get on Facebook when it's not my part ...? :D 
Had a great time at church today ... and passing out VBS fliers ... and playing volleyball and going to McDonals . I thank God for all my Christian friends . Even though i dont always show it , I love all you guys . :D 
Just put the pool up and temporarily fixed the horse shoe pits . Fixing those was really the \pits\ " . ;D " 
Had a great day today .... :) Thank you Lord for your daily blessing . 
Thank you Lord for another year . You have done so much for me and I am blessed every day !!! 
Had a good/great/wonderful/fabulous/fun/exciting birthday !!!!!!!!!!!! The only way it could have been better is if Dad was here . Thanks to all that wished and sang happy birthday ... :) 
Saw some great fireworks tonight ... :) 
Going to an all day VBS practice ... oh jolly . 
Today I proved that if you soak an m&m in water the \m\ " will float to the top because it is paper . " 
I am trying to look at my facebook while the girls are trying to beat me up ... :O Very immature ... 
Had a great time today at VBS !!! I also got to lead an 11 year old to the Lord !!! Today , 6 kids accepted Christ and I am praying that many more will . 
Please pray for VBS this week . Mainly that kids would get saved and for the drama . 
got tackled by 30 plus kids today at game time in VBS ... it was AWESOME !!! 
Had fun at VBS dressing up as a security guard for the drama . I am going to take some videos and put them on here sometime . 
Awesome week of VBS !!! 22 kids got saved and hopefully some all will come to church . 
I had someone threaten to call the police on me today while we were door belling . I should have told him that he was wasting his breath . 
Praise the Lord that today went well . Right now I am sitting in McDonalds celebrating . 
I am ADORKABLE !!!!!! 
I am strongly thinking about never telling a \silas\ " joke again ... There are only a handful of people that appreciate them and laugh anymore ; most of them I dont see but a few times a year anyway . :'( " 
I have decided that I will keep telling my jokes as long as there are still 2 people who honestly laugh at them . 
Just looking at old pictures of church and thinking how short a time we really have on Earth . It is sad when people go and happy when people come . It makes me appreciate the time and friends that God has given me , and makes me want to serve Him with the time I have left . 
Let's hear it for SWEET TEA !!!! 
I just wanted everyone to know that I will be leaving for camp today and that I will be gone for a whole week . :) I hope you all can get along without my awesome jokes . I guess < PROPFEMALE > and Skylar will have to step up to the plate . Anyways , I will not be able to take my phone or use a computer , so ... have a great week everyone and please pray for the camp , campers and all of us staff . 
Had a great week at camp ! Right now I am exhausted and need some sleep . Please pray that next week will go even better and that we will all draw closer to the Lord . 
Got\ 
back from a GREAT week at camp . It went well and I think that everyone\ 
had a good time . More important then that though , was that the campers were encouraged to draw closer to God and that 2 campers accepted Christ . PRAISE GOD !!! 
Have to pack for camp for the third week ... I am really tired of packing . At least I can listen to music or sing and praise the Lord !!! \All hail the power of Jesus ' name ... \"" 
PRAISE THE LORD for the great week we had at camp . I was challenged in many ways to live for God more and to really get to know Him better . I wish that all my friends could have heard the evangelist speak . He was an amazing guy who loved the Lord and had a passion for teens . The Lord used him in a powerful way . Many teens got saved and others dedicated their life to God and to full time ministry . 
Having a great time crabbing with family !!! I will post pictures later . 
Can't wait to get home and see Dad on Saturday !!! Please pray for his safety as he flies home . 
DAD'S COMING HOME TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
DAD IS FINALLY HOME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We picked him up this afternoon ... he will be at church tonight to see everyone . 
I have been doing some studying on the topic of Bible translations ... very interesting . I would encourage every Christian to do the research so that you know which Bible to trust and which Bibles are counterfeits . 
Just watched the VBS play with Dad . He liked it and it was really fun remembering all the good times ( and bad ) that we had preparing for it . 
YAY !!!!!!!!!!!! I see the sun .... maybe we will be able to play volley-ball tonight . If not , then it's < PROPFEMALE > pong . :) 
Going door-belling today . Hope I don't run into any crazy liberals . :) ( I have nothing against liberals ... well ... anyway , they just seem to always be the ones that get mad at you . ) Oh well , I really don't mind ; it gives me a < PROPMALE > to practice being a Christian . 
Worked in the yard with Dad this morning . It is so nice to have him help me with stuff around the house when he is here . 
Going to the dump today ... it really \stinks\ " . :) I hope that everyone has a great day and don't forget to praise the Lord for something in your life . I praise the Lord for time that we get with Dad before he leaves . " 
Got back from the dump ... the whole trip was worth it because I got to smash a couple of sliding glass doors . It was AWESOME !!!! 
I thought that I should comment on my new profile picture : I HATE MCDONALS FOR MAKING AMERICAN KIDS FAT !!! Just kidding . :) 
I will clarify my last status ... It is not McDonald that makes people fat , IT IS THEIR LACK OF SELF RESTRAINT . 
Yesterday at the fair , we saw < PROPFEMALE > and Hardy . It was awesome !!! I got my picture with them . I will put it on FB latter . 
In memorial of 9/11 , and all the men and women ( excluding the Muslim extremists ) who died in the terrorist attacks that took place that day ... a verse : Ps 37:1 Fret not thyself because of evildoers , neither be thou envious against the workers of iniquity . \ 
2 For they shall soon be cut down like the grass , and wither as the green < PROPMALE > . 
Dad got off okay last Tuesday . Please continue to pray for his safety and our strength . 
is praising God for all His blessings . I love the fact that God created music so that we can praise Him with it . There is a huge blessing when we do . 
Had a great day at church today !!!! Good food , good fellowship , and great teaching . 
Wow , I guess it had been a while since I have been one here . My mind is kinda tired right now so nothing is really on it . 
Off to my first lesson of drivers ed ... not looking forward to it though . :( 
Door-belling today ... rain . 
Went \courting\ " today with Skylar . " 
Just got back from drivers ed ... we have a really nice instructor . 
“All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . ” \ 
< PROPMALE > Burke 
“Before a standing\ 
army can rule , the people must be disarmed ; as they are in almost every\ 
kingdom of Europe . the supreme power in < PROPFEMALE > cannot enforce unjust\ 
laws by the sword ; because the whole body of the people are armed , and\ 
constitute a force superior to any bands of regular troops that can be , \ 
on any pretense , raised in the United States . ” \ 
\ 
< PROPMALE > Webster 
Door-belling ... love the weather ! 
Trying to learn Greek for school ....... it's all Greek to me . :) 
Re 4:8 ¶ And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him ; and they were full of eyes within : and they rest not day and night , saying , Holy , holy , holy , Lord God Almighty , which was , and is , and is to come . \ 
9 And when those beasts give < PROPFEMALE > and honour and thanks to him that sat on the throne , who liveth for ever and ever , 
The more I door-bell the more I come to hate two things : dogs , and Halloween . Why must people have fake dead people and skulls in their yard ? 
I just buried a deer that had been dead for two days . It was laying in our horse field . It definitely wont rise on the third day though , because I had to break all its legs so that it would fit in the hole we dug . Not exactly what I wanted to be doing Saturday night , but oh well . 
Yesterday we went to the AWANA conference ... it was really great . We all learned a lot that we can apply to our clubs . It was awesome to see that AWANA , something that started small , is reaching kids today around the WORLD . Praise God for the men and women that took the plunge and stepped out in faith to do the will of God . Thank you Lord for the impact that we can make on kids in our AWANA program . 
Jer 32:17 Ah Lord GOD ! behold , thou hast made the heaven and the earth\ 
by thy great power and stretched out arm , and there is nothing too hard\ 
for thee : 
Had a great time at AWANA tonight !!! 
Waving signs for < PROPMALE > McCune all this week . If you want to see us , we will be just outside of Orting at one of the intersections going out toward Sumner , probably around 3:00 pm . Be sure and HONK when you go by ! 
We are going to be at 224th and Meridian waving signs . 
Life never ceases to stop ...? 
VOTE God's principles into office ! \ 
Everyday before the election I will try to post a verse that we can apply to our times . 
2Ch 7:14 If my people , which are called by my name , shall humble themselves , and pray , and seek my face , and turn from their wicked ways ; then will I hear from heaven , and will forgive their sin , and will heal their land . 
Ro 13:1 ¶ Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers . For there is no power but of God : the powers that be are ordained of God . \ 
2 Whosoever therefore resisteth the power , resisteth the ordinance of God : and they that resist shall receive to themselves damnation . 
Today's verse is 1 < PROPFIRST > 2:10 . \ 
It says that God will judge and punish those that despise government . That includes not voting and getting involved . \ 
I will be posting election updates late tonight as they come . Remeber to pray most of all ! 
Exiting polls are looking promising with 5 projected wins in the senate . 
< PROPMALE > Rubio took huge victory !! Rand < PROPFIRST > too !! 
It looks like we took the house and are battling hard for the senate . It will be interesting to see what happens in our senate race with Rossi . Last I saw he was down by 17,000 votes , but they still have more to count . 
We need the Rossi , < PROPMALE > , Toomey , and < PROPMALE > senate seats . They are all going to be close . 
Quote of the night said\ 
While we were watching < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > on the big screen , Skylar said \How did she ever get in with that ugly face \"?!?" 
Rossi needs a lot of prayer . Last I checked he is down by 17,000 still with about 65% counted . Here is the funny thing though ... Murray only had more votes in 8 of the 49 counties and we all know which one was the best for her ... yup you guessed it : < PROPMALE > COUNTY ! :( ! 
Rep. < PROPMALE > McCune is ahead by 8,047 votes !!! 
Loving the weather ! 
I would love to have another airsoft war soon . 
Mr. McCune ahead by 8,562 votes . 
Went to the Old Country Pig Out ... I mean buffet tonight with Mom . It was awesome and I am still full . :) 
Mr MCune is now 8914 votes ahead . 
Mr. McCune ahead by 9,099 votes ! 
Had an awesome time playing tennis and racquetball this morning ! I cant wait to go again ! 
Ok ... 3 drives done and 2 to go . Finishing up the class time next week ... cant wait till it is over . 
Today , God reminded me that if we trust in Him , He will work out our tough situations . 
Yesterday in drivers < PROPMALE > , someone said that I look like < PROPMALE > Gump . :) If you agree hit the \like\ " button . " 
Thank you to all our military men and woman ... and especially my Army dad . 
Well , we made it to the hotel and are waiting for the conference to start . I am looking forward to see what God wants to teach us this weekend . 
Well ... lived though the night . It was short and full of danger . Luckily we stopped an effort to prank me . I shot the attacker with an airsot gun that Mr. bergstrom lent me ... ( sorta ) I have the video . 
Had an awesome morning . In the afternoon we went bowling and played lazer tag . Now we are going to have dinner and listen to some more great preaching . 
Thank you Lord for the awesome time that we all had at the Northwest Youth Conference !!! We heard convicting preaching and had great fun too ! Lord , helped what we learned at the conference impact us for the rest of our lives . 
Is amazed at the grace and love of our Father and of Jesus Christ . 
Going to a make up class for drivers < PROPMALE > . Cant wait for it to all be over . ! 
Had a great time at youth group tonight . It is good to be back ! 
Ps . 18:1 I will love thee , O LORD , my strength . Read this today . Praise God ! 
Please pray for me . I have my final lesson and test for drivers < PROPMALE > tomorrow . I am looking forward to it . 
Had a wonderful church service today and a very encouraging praise service . 
LOVES THE SNOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just had a snowball fight with the girls . Then we made a snow family ... :) 
I was honored this year to campaign for Representative < PROPMALE > McCune . I praise the Lord for men that are willing to take a stand for the right in politics . Thank you Mr. McCune . :) 
Sleeping in , snow , fire , games , grandparents ... great fun ! 
This morning we have no water . They are working on the community well , and we should have water within an hour . 
Outside testing my airsoft gear . 
Wow ... not many people at church tonight . I am glad that I was able to go though . 
We need to all remember today where our blessings come from : \ 
Eph 5:20 Giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ ; 
We just finished a game of Life . I had the most money and retired with $ 2,400,000 . I never had any children though so I felt unfulfilled . :) I am glad it was only a game . :) 
We just had Christmas with my grandparents . They gave me a huge joke book . \ 
Here's a sample : why did the janitor quit his job ? He wanted to make a clean sweep . :D 
Looking forward to tomorrow ... wait , looking forward to today . :) 
Had a great Sunday School and church service today . The Lord encouraged my heart with the messages . Looking forward to tonight also ! 
Has been reading alot about waiting on the Lord . \ 
Ps 40:1 I waited patiently for the LORD ; and he inclined unto me , and heard my cry . 
Finally done with drivers < PROPMALE > as of last night ! Thank you Lord for pulling me though it . 
loves it when < PROPFEMALE > makes yummy cookies !!!! 
Finally posted some videos of the airsoft war . Check them out ! 
Had a great time last night studying my Bible . The more that I study the more the Bible becomes my most precious possession . It guides us and encourages us ! \ 
Thank you Lord for giving us your Word . 
So guess what I just had to do . There was a raccoon sitting right outside our garage wanting to come in . It looked very sick and I think that it had rabies . I had to shoot it . :( Now I have to go pick it up . Even worse . 
Buying gifts for friends is something I like to do to show my appreciation for their friendship ! 
Well , did homework for most of the day and now my brain is fried . 
Studying about the wise men and the gifts that they brought to Jesus . Very interesting . 
We as Christians should be willing to change our ways if they do not line up with God's will . We know what God's will is when we read His Word . To many times though , we are so influenced by our pagan culture that we refuse to change . Evertime that there is a conflict bewteen the Bible and our culture ... a change needs to happen . 
Well , if you are discouraged , I was this week , remember 2 things :\ 
1 . It could always be worse . \ 
2 . The Lord hears the prayers of the righteous . 1 < PROPFIRST > 3:12 
Had a great time at church and McDonald's today !!!! :) Thank you Lord for encouraging me today ! 
Wow , I haven't been on here for like 2 weeks . Our computer got a virus . :( Anyways , we are still trying to figure out if we are going to use Facebook or not . I guess you can get a virus easy on here ?!?! 
Christmas time is my favorite of the whole year . If it had not been for the Son being born into the world , we would have no hope . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 2:11 For unto you is born this day in the city of < PROPFIRST > a Saviour , which is Christ the Lord . 
Had a great Christmas < PROPFEMALE > service at church ! It was really fun and a great time of praising God for His gift to us . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!!!!!!!!!!! ok ... now I am going to bed .. :) 
Just opened all our presents . I got < PROPFIRST > MacArthur's Commentary on the Bible and topical Bible . Dad also got me a couple different Army uniforms and some other stuff . Thanks Mom and Dad for all that you do for us . Love you !! \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ! 
Had a great dinner tonight with friends and family . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for the awesome food . Goodnight to all . Looking forward to church tomorrow . Pastor < PROPMALE > is preaching and during the sermon I am going to make funny faces , or shoot spit balls at him or something . :) jk 
Had a great time at church . Brother < PROPFIRST > gave a great message about witnessing ! If I have any unsaved friends that read this and have any questions about Christianity , I would love to answer them , or find the answer if I don't know . :) 
Studying about Samson and the reason for his downfall . It is very interesting . I am glad that my parents got me some studying tool for Christmas . :) 
Looking forward to the big war tomorrow !!! I plan on blasting you all to pieces ! :) I am going to go right now and prepare my equipment . See you on the battle field . 
Had a great time at the airsoft war that we had today !!! There was 20 people at the < PROPMALE>'s house and it was awesome in the snow . Thank you everyone for coming . 
Starts school today . I have determined to put all my strength into everything I do . \ 
Ec 9:10 Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do , do it with thy might ; for there is no work , nor device , nor knowledge , nor wisdom , in the grave , whither thou goest . \ 
Thank you Pastor for sharing this verse yesterday ! 
Always preach the Gospel with actions , and with words when God gives you the opportunity . 
\Jesus is all the world to me . \"" 
A verse for all my Christian friends :\ 
1Co 15:58 ¶ Therefore , my beloved brethren , be ye stedfast , unmoveable , always abounding in the work of the Lord , forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord . 
Does anyone on here know how to change a video file so that I can upload it on here ? 
So I was looking though my photos and found this one ... wow ! 
One of the reasons that men prefer guns to women -\ 
A gun doesn't ask , \Do these new grips make me look fat ? \ " \ 
Seriously ... what is with all the \Yeah Sea Hawks ? \ " Don't we all have better things to do and write statuses about ?!?!?!?! " 
< PROPFEMALE > is the basis of our Christianity . From the first 11 chapters we learn so much about the origin of everything . 
Went to the capitol today and watched all the representatives being sworn in . It was great to go and watch . \ 
I would encourage all my friends to pray that the Godly , congressmen would receive strength from God and that the ungodly ones would repent and turn from their wicked ways . They have a tough 105 days ahead of them in the house . What they do will effect our state and its citizens . They need our prayers ! 
There is a verse that I read 2 nights ago that really was a blessing :\ 
Ps 10:17 LORD , thou hast heard the < PROPFEMALE > of the humble : thou wilt prepare their heart , thou wilt cause thine ear to hear : \ 
If we are humble , God hears our prayers ... He cares for us . :) 
Finally uploaded the videos from our August crabbing trip . Check them out ! 
is kinda hungry ... what's new .. :) 
Bible trivia : Where was the first blood shed in the Bible and who shed it ??? 
Christian individuality and Christian < PROPFEMALE > are the basis for political freedom . 
\Adapt and overcome . \"" 
Sick at home ... \ 
Curse sickness that makes one stay home from church !!! :( 
\To be prepared for war is one of the most effectual means of preserving peace . \ " \ 
\I'm proud to pay taxes in the Untied States ; the only think is 
\When the government fears the people there is < PROPFEMALE > . When the people fear the government 
The price of power is responsibility for the public good . \ 
-- Winthrop Aldrich 
It is interesting to see how the Lord will answer our prayers . Sometimes it is what we want and sometimes it is the opposite . We need to always remember that His way is best . 
Our country has changed much since its founding . \ 
\It is our true policy to steer clear of permanent alliance with any portion of the foreign world . \ " \ 
Had a great day at church today . Pretty much just spend the whole day there ... with the morning service , teen practice and service ... and then a SNAC night . It was great !! Thank you Pastor < PROPMALE > and Pastor Gore for giving us a < PROPMALE > to serve God in our church . May He bless you for it . 
The more that I read and study the Bible the more I learn . I hope that all of my Christian friends read it everyday so that they \know what the will of the Lord is . \ " ( Eph . 5:17 ) " 
Had an interesting day today . \ 
This morning went to a men's breakfast at church , then went home to do homework and play the computer . After that had a great Kenpo lesson . Then we went out to < PROPFEMALE>'s and finally to top it all off , got stranded in the < PROPMALE > Safeway parking lot . :) Quite the day . 
Studying about < PROPMALE > and his involvement in the bringing of God's law . He was a great leader of God who , in spite of his mistakes , lead the Children of < PROPMALE > to follow God . That is what we need in < PROPFEMALE > today .... Godly leaders who stand up \ 
for the truth . 
\But a government left to take care of itself is prone to do that work only too well . \"" 
Had a great night at AWANA !! 
\Like\ " this status if you enjoy shooting guns . :) " 
I must say that racquetball is my favorite sport ... and for those of you who were wondering ... it IS a sport . :) 
So tomorrow is a S.A.D day . Single awareness day . :) Hope that you all have a great day ... although it is not really different than any other day . :P 
Just had breakfast at McDonalds with Pastor < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and Dad . I am very thankful for all my friends and mentors . :) 
Had a great youth group tonight !! We heard a testimony from Mr. Bergstrom . It is great to see how God works and changes peoples lives . He is so powerful to save . :) 
Went for a run this morning ... sometimes I could hardly see because it was snowing so hard . Now it has stopped and I see blue sky . I love Washington weather . :) 
Well ... I got so close to you and you quietly slipped out of my grasp ... ( Referring to another vain attempt at victory tonight when Dad and I played racquetball . ) 
Had a busy day ... now I am going to go read my Bible , which I have not been doing enough of lately . :( Looking forward to church tomorrow . 
Ps 28:5 Because they regard not the works of the LORD , nor the operation of his hands , he shall destroy them , and not build them up . \ 
We must always be mindful of God at work , and praise Him without ceasing . 
Please comment on this status with one aspect of God that you praise Him for . 
Comment on this status with your favorite Bible verse . :) 
I wonder what the Lord will have in store for me today ... 
Had a great time at the AWANA Grand Prix . It was alot of fun and I glad that I was able to help . 
Todays sermon was about prayer . It really hit home to me how I need to pray more . A relationship with God is all about communication ... not only us talking to Him , but letting Him talk to us by reading the Bible . 
Went to a great dinner tonight hosted by BJU ! 
I hope that everyone remembered to set their clocks ahead , otherwise you will be late for church tomorrow . :) 
In my view , the Christian religion is the most important and one of the first things in which all children , under a free government ought to be instructed .. . No truth is more evident to my mind than that the Christian religion must be the basis of any government intended to secure the rights and privileges of a free people . \ 
-Preface of Webster's 1828 Dictionary 
Bible study is one of my most favorite things to do ... especially with friends . :) I thank that Lord for giving us His perfect word . It holds the answers to all of life's problems . 
Mt 7:11 If ye then , being evil , know how to give good gifts unto your children , how much more shall your Father which is in heaven give good things to them that ask him ? 
God has blessed me with more than I can ever deserve . \ 
\Praise God from whom all blessings flow . \"" 
Had a great time at the west coast baptist youth conference . God really spoke to me and I am sure now that He wants me to go into fulltime ministy . :) 
We are now safe in Arizona as of last night . Dad took us to the Cracker Barrel . :) 
The flag above is in honor of the 150th anniversary of \start\ " of the Civil War . \ 
Did you know that the story of the prodigal son should actually be called the parable of the prodigal sons ? The son that stayed at home was really no better than the son that went out and lived a wild life . The one had outward sins and the other had inward sins . This is something that we learned in church today . :) 
\My trust is in the mercy and wisdom of a kind Providence 
\Do your duty in all things . You cannot do more 
\I cannot trust a man to control others who cannot control himself . \ " \ 
\Never do a wrong thing to make a friend or keep one . \ " \ 
\My chief concern is to try to be an humble 
\[T]here is no more dangerous experiment than that of undertaking to be one thing before a man's face and another behind his back . \ " \ 
\We failed 
I love cora !!!!!!! she is so amazing !!!! :)) 
Proverb : 13:20 : He that walketh with wise men shall be wise : but a companion of fools shall be destroyed . 
We are to be always in prayer for each other . One problem is that we don't share our problems and troubles with each other . Kill that pride and tell someone today about something that you are struggling with and ask them to pray for you . :) \ 
It is what God wants us to do ! 
Dad and I played racquetball this morning .... 11-15 ... So close , yet so far . :\ ( " 
The statement \There is no absolute truth\ " is an absolute statement . " 
Apathy will be the death of Christian < PROPFEMALE > 
82% of those who read the Bible at least once a month use the < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Version . ( LifeWay Research)\ 
This year is the 400th anniversary of the < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Bible translation . 
\Thy word is true from the beginning : and every one of thy righteous \ " Every judgments endureth for ever\ " ( Psa . 119:160 ) . " 
So guess what everybody ... Today I beat Dad at racquetball !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Finally my New Year's resolution is complete ! 
\In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth . \ " \ 
Up late and can't sleep cause of neck and back pain . I would be thankful for your prayers that we get it figured out when we get home . 
HAPPY EASTER everybody !!!!!!!! He is risen !!!!!!! 
Well , we made it safely home ... It's GREAT to be home !!! Thank you all for your prayers ! 
Had an awesome youth group tonight !! It is encouraging to see that God is still working and that He has not given up on us . Tonight we talked about making Godly choices about the future . 
Well , the weather here is quite different than in Arizona .... I don't see that big yellow this in the sky . 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ???????????????????? \ 
? ? If you have an AMAZING MOTHER , put this as your status ? ? \ 
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 
Live everyday like it will be your last ... because someday you will be right . 
1Th 5:2 For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night . \ 
This verse in in honor of the people that say that the world will end this Saturday . They even say that the Bible confirms this . IT IS AN OUTRIGHT LIE ! Nowhere in the Bible does it mention a specific time that Jesus will come . 
Just wanted to put in a little plug for youth group . There have not been as many people since Pastor < PROPMALE > left and whether it is because of that or not , we need to understand how impotant it is . It helps us grow in Christ and support each other . Also we are going through an awesome book . All the teens need to come . 
Tonight we had a great time at youth group with the college students of International Baptist College . Thanks for the great time and godly influence ! 
Just finished a little study of Baptist distinctives in the Bible . I think that it is important for all people who call themselves Baptists to study and understand what they really are claiming when they say that . 
I lovvvvvvve my sister !!!!! :))) 
I would just like to tell the whole world how much i lovvvvvve mcdonalds :))) 
A New Day-\ 
\This is the beginning of a new day . \ 
Just wanted everyone to know that it was not me that make that new < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE>' Hands . It was < PROPFEMALE > . I don't honestly know what to say , but I am flattered ... I think . ;) 
\Those who trade < PROPFEMALE > for security will have neither . \ " \ 
Don't argue with an idiot ... people watching might not be able to tell the difference . 
Was sorry that there were not more people at church the last two night to pass out VBS flyers ... hope that there will be NEXT WEEK !!! \ 
We are meeting at church at 6:15 this Thursday and Friday ... BE THERE if you love Jesus ! 
Don't forget church family of OCBC ... We will be meeting at church this Thursday and Friday to pass out VBS flyers . 6:15 is the time to be at the church . Bring plenty of water and a great attitude . :) 
Had a great time passing out VBS papers today . Wish more people could have come , but hope that more will tomorrow . 6:15 is when we are meeting at church . You should come . :) 
Okay ... well today is the start of our VBS !!!!! This is one of the best weeks of the whole year . Please pray that God would work through us in the lives of the children that come . Also pray that all the workers don't go crazy .. ;) 
Today went great !!! Praise the Lord that everything went pretty smoothly ! After VBS Co and I came home and both went right to our rooms and took naps . :) I slept for about 3 hours and Co for about 4 and a half . :) Looking forward to tomorrow !!! 
Thank you all for all the birthday wishes ... I did have a great day . Forget the day ... I had a GREAT year and am thankful for all me friends and family . You have all had an influence on my life and I am happy to know you . :) 
Went on a great bike ride today . It was perfect weather ! 
Went on a great bike ride today . Thanks < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > for going with me ! We watched the sun go down ... and it was painting awesome colors on the clouds . :) 
Went on a bike ride today with < PROPMALE > , Skyler , and < PROPFIRST > . The weather is beautiful and I feel sorry for people who didn't spent time outside today . 
Well , had a great time with some of the guys last night . It is also great to get to know < PROPMALE > better . Just so everyone knows ... if you want him to like you , just buy him some dark chocolate covered pomegranate chunks . :D 
????????? ?????? ??? ???? ??? ?? ??? ?????? ??? \ 
Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart\ 
Mat . 22:37 a 
Went to the Gunshow this morning and am now an official associate member of the W . A . C .... Washington Arms Collectors . Now I can touch the guns that we look at when we go .. lol . I can now also buy rifles because I am 18 . Getting old has its perks . :) 
Watching Gettysburg .... great movie . 
One of my favorite and most inspiring people in history was < PROPFIRST > E . < PROPFIRST > . 
Just finished watching Gettysburg . At the end it said that the total combined losses exceeded 53,000 . What a sad time in our nations history . 
Everyone needs to look at my cute baby picture .... LOL 
Just had to fight off a mad rooster from killing our old dog . Life on the farm .... ( sigh ) 
Had fun stacking about 4 cords of wood today with some friends . 
When you are in the woods late at night ... and you are alone ... beware of SASQUATCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol 
Just learned that VAIO on my Sony Laptop stands for Video Audio Intelligence Organizer . 
\If you're smart you log out .. \ " - < PROPMALE > Young " 
Another video is coming ... just have < PROPFEMALE > and you will see ... :) 
Had a great church service tonight !!! Thank you all for your support . I am thankful for all my great Christian friends !!! 
Ec :3 : 5 : A time to cast away stones , and a time to gather stones together ; a TIME TO EMBRACE , and a time to refrain from embracing ; 
So today < PROPFIRST > Handy , < PROPFIRST > Groff , Skyler Nemier and I went hiking and I almost died . So I was walking along the edge of a cliff ... and the dirt caved in and I yelled ( like a man ) and started sliding down the edge . In those few moments ... I thought over my life ... and then < PROPFIRST > saved my life ... lol 
Went to the fair today and got to go on a couple of rides . It was fun . Rides included bumper cars , big bear twisty ride , swing ride and octopus ride . I also got to draw on a couple of tiles at the Home Depot tent ... I am going to use them as cup holders in my room . :) 
\DIVE BOMB ! \"" 
Looking forward to camp .... please pray that we are prepared for what the Lord has to teach us this week . we will miss all our church friends ... see you when we get back . :) 
This whole week was a great time of getting to know friends better , having fun , getting tired , getting wet , getting dirty , and hearing great preaching from the Bible . Camp this year was totally awesome ! It is always encouraging to hear and see other people who are not ashamed to serve the Lord . 
I'm a boulder that ROCKS !!!! 
If you want up to date news on events .... go to wjsm.com, and click listen live . At 10:00 am everyday you can hear the host of the show and the speaker from camp this year talking about issues of the day . I just finished listening to it for the first time and I recommend it !! It is only 30 minutes long and is worth your time . 
Annoy a liberal ... work hard a be happy . 
That was a great hike yesterday ! I'm grateful for all my great friends who are willing to put up with me . :) 
Jas : 1:5 : If any of you lack wisdom , let him ask of God , that giveth to all men liberally , and upbraideth not ; and it shall be given him . 
Just so you all know ... I have a phone again . They weren't able to transfer the contacts so if you all could put your number on here so I can add it . Thanks ! For any of you that don't know my # it's 253-355-2732 . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for the great time that we are having today !! :) The food was great even though most of it was vegan . haha . Hanging out with friends is great !!! 
Had a great church service tonight ! It was exciting to see 4 people get baptized and 5 people join the church .!!!! 
Sitting in Fox Hollow with < PROPMALE > . It's great to < PROPFEMALE > out with him before he leaves for college . 
Had 20 teens in youth group !!!! I am soooo happy that it is growing . Looking forward to great things ahead . God is good . 
Had a great time of doorbelling tonight !! One man got saved and others seemed really interested about coming to church . God keeps his promises !!! 
Today I climbed MY mountain . I really felt at one with nature .... lol . Every step I took I felt more in tune with myself ... lololol . Today was a blast climbing Mount SI !!! 
Had a great dinner tonight ! I am thankful for all the friends that God has given me ... I know they are not attracted to me because of me ... lol 
Studying the Bible is one of my favorite things to do . I'm not trying to brag or sound spiritual . I am being honest ! I would encourage all my friends to at least study the Bible once a day ! You will be amazed what you learn with an open mind and a heart that is willing to conform to God's will .!!! 
Had a great time doorbelling tonight . I got to pass out a couple trillion dollar \bills . \"" 
Psalms : 64:1 : Hear my voice , O God , in my prayer : preserve my life from fear of the enemy . \ 
This is what we should do during this 10 year anniversary of 9/11 ... PRAY ! 
First night of AWANA ! It went really well . Looking forward to the rest of the year ... even though I know that it will be tiring at times . 
A great church service tonight ! The preacher taught in part on the importance of studying the Bible . It was really great ! 
Had a great time at the fair today ! The rides were especially interesting ... lol . I am now tired and the feet are sore . :) It was good though and definitely a bonding experience . ;) 
Worked today ... long day but great still . Now enjoying hanging out with friends and eating sweets . :) 
