To everyone that I didn't send a personalized ' Happy New Years ' text , it's not that I don't like you , I just don't think you're special enough to get one . If you want one though , leave me your number and I'll make one up for you . But Happy New Years 

Just got my senior pictures in ... Who wants one ? 
Just finished pitching my tent , in an attempt to brave the terrors of a night in my backyard . It's a six man , anyone want to join me ? 
Survived my first day on Facebook , can't wait to look forward to this for , potentially , a really long time . I'll try not to get to addicted . 
If anyone else says that they are surprised to see me on here , I just might delete my account ( that's sarcasm since you can't actually hear me say it , though it would be lost on many of you anyway ) . 
Going for a really early run . Someone tell me : what am I thinking ? 
Braved the raging waves of Lake Glendale today in a very wet boat ride and I'm going on a ' thrilling ' trip to some caves in West < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow . 
is very disgruntled that he wasted about an entire day to drive down to < PROPFEMALE > and look some odd rock formations underground 
Is watching the world cup and hoping the Dutch wi cause they have a player named Arjen ( Robben ) , which is almost spelled like Arjun . 
Five days down . Still Holding off the obsession , I think ... 
Going to see the last Airbender , should be ' great ' with Shyamalan directing . I have somewhat low expectations so I should end up being impressed . Haha 
The last Airbender exceeded my low expectations . If anyone has watched the amine show , they would agree that nothing was right . I think , no I know , that I could direct better than shayamalan . 
Wants someone to injure themselves and come to physical therapy so my next four hours aren't boring .... Don't actually hurt yourselves ... Too much haha . 
Mmmm ... Just opened some planters cashews ... Mmmm 
Since I feel that I should post at least one thing on my wall everyday , this is it . I'll try not to use this one again .... For two weeks . 
Just picked up one of his A.P. English books and then put it back down , thinking , \what was I thinking ? \"" 
Is being a survivorman ( without the cameramen ) , in his second bout with nature : attempting to make it through another night , with only a tent to protect himself from a raging storm of hurricanic proportions . 
Still not obsessed , this only the first , and last , time I'm viewing my wall . 
The harsh weather has forced me to sleep inside for the first time this week . That means that I was to lazy and tired of pitching my tent . 
Seems like it'll be a slow day at work . Somebody text me or I'll be bored out of my mind . 
Is silently screaming \Aaaaaahhhhhhhhhh !!!!! \"" 
Is going out to CiCi's for a five dollar 25 foot long all I can eat pizza buffet ! 
Attempted to watch Despicable Me on the computer today , was bad quality and stopped on the 72 of 78 < PROPFEMALE > . Ugghh . On another note , the best week of my summer is slowly drawing to an end ( long sigh ) . 
Is saying goodbye to the best week if his summer ..... Goodbye 
Worked on my treehouse for the first time in years and made a lot of progress ; we nailed in three boards , one for every year we ignored it . 
Damn , I don't think it's gonna be raining for a couple weeks after this torrential downpour . 
Has to wake up Earlier than he has for a long time to go to a college visit at Penn State . Going to see the biomedical and schreyers honors colleges . 
Just got back from my visit to Penn State . Seems even more likely that I'll go there . Skipped viewing the Honors college to see more for the pre-med stuff . Had fun though . Anyone else visiting psu ? 
Is mentally preparing himself for the world of pain I'll be in-due to not running in almost a week . It hurts just thinking about it as I type this . 
Goodbye ebensburg . We're heading out for Baltimore to spend a night . Then we've got a plane to Disney at 7 ( am ! ) tomorrow . Should make for a great week . 
Good morning Baltimore . 
Is thoroughly exhausted from a long day in Disney . Had a lotta fun in epcot though . On to the magic kingdom tomorrow . 
Mission animal kingdom was a success . Now on to the ' most magical place on earth , ' the magic kingdom park . 
Just finished up at the magic kingdom , and it ' twas magical ' . I also actually almost did some physical activity-other than walking- but that is a big ALMOST . Gonna hit Hollywood studios , but it'll probably be packed cause it's a weekend . Ugh , I hate lines . 
Today's highlights ( or lowlights-you decide)\ 
-Disney puts on really good shows\ 
-Our ( insert swear word here ) bus didn't pick us up on time\ 
-The Tower of Terror wasn't terrifying \ 
-I didn't have a race today\ 
-Magic kingdom canceled their fireworks\ 
-Hollywood Studios wasn't really packed\ 
-The Aerosmith ride was sweet\ 
-I got a kiss from < PROPFEMALE > , while < PROPFIRST > was in the room . 
Was forcefully reminded of a crazy day of rain in Mumbai a couple of years ago < PROPFEMALE > vu . It rained all day , so Disney wasn't as fun as the past couple days , but the Mexican food here is really , really gooood . 
Last full day of Disney was awesome . Too bad it's all gonna be over by three tomorrow :( 
Bye bye < PROPMALE > 
I was so high ( literally , I was in a plane ) and now I'm so low ( my summer vacation is gonna be over soon ) 
Essay #2 down , time to start book three ( sigh ) . 
Do I have no life if I finish an entire ap English book in one afternoon ? Because if that's the case , I had no life this afternoon . 
Since I can't tell people to get hurt , I'll ask you guys . Can someone physically hurt themselves between the hours of now and four , and then need physical therapy ? ... please 
Just finished my pathetically paced run , but it still hurts . Gotta grab some food and then off to get my X-rays . 
Friday night , and I have nothing to do ... huh ... anyone have any good movies to recommend ? 
I just made one of my worst decisions in a long time- running in the middle of the day . This falls under the bad decision category of deciding to run in the first place , and taking a.p. biology 
Just put a new desk in his room and is struggling to organize everything . 
Now : playing ocarina of time ( not on the n-64)\ 
Later : going up to st. < PROPMALE > to see the steelers . Might wear big < PROPMALE > jersey , cause he's still a good FOOTBALL player 
Just got to steelers training camp , and waiting for the players to come out . 
Guess who I saw at training camp ? If you guessed Mr. Miller , your my lucky winner to come claim a spot in ' travel the globe with mr. Miller ' 
had a productive morning . Nearly finished two college applications and most of an ap essay . I must be sick 
Is wondering if when someone texts lol , are they really laughing out loud ? 
8 1/2 < PROPMALE > in 59 minutes ! Wow , I was just asking for a platter of pain with a side if soreness , wasn't I ? 
Just finished my last day at physical therapy . The guys there we great and threw a kind of last day party . The whole shindig was a good experience though . 
would like to know ... what does it say about my personality if the current weather outside ( what kind of weather is it inside ? ) is my favorite , right after raging snowstorms ? 
Lots of el campesino was t-t - t-t asty-tasty . But tomorrow morning will be horrible ( shuddering ) 
taking ACT practice test no . 2 \ 
My favorite thing in the whole entire world\ 
right after second and third period last year 
Happy Independence Day fellow Indians 
is wondering why he became a runner . two a days suck . and it means school is starting soon . which also sucks . 
has a cold pit in his stomach , but doesn't know if it's from anxiety about something I should know about , my conscience trying to tell me something I don't remember , or something totally different . Whatever the case , I don't like it ... at all 
Is currently updating his status to say : I'm currently updating my status . 
My coach told us that we would ' like ' practice tonight . Why does that instill a thrill of fear into my heart ? 
needs to take one of those classes that help withstand physical and mental torture simultaneously ( i.e. running lots of hill repeats , or fighting hand cramps while taking practice ACTs ) 
Is on his way to a hardcore camping trip ( not in my backyard this time ) with his xc team . Don't try to contact me while we fend for ourselves in the wilderness in a ' team bonding ' experience . 
hates when he is suddenly woken up by his rapid heartbeat due to an extremely vivid nightmare . 
wants to know how long an college entrance essay should be . I hope everyone that sees this gives some input . 
is getting ready for part 2 of day 1 of week 2 of cross country camp , while playing the waiting game with a pair of college applications , cause I don't want to write two different essays ( I already wrote 3 essays and a few sentences of a 4th one for A.P. English , which is already waaayyyy too much writing ) 
is off to get his mane buzzed off . 
Thinks that ' The Onion ' is the greatest creation of all time , right after deep fried snickers 
is so ready to get his ' butt ' handed to him by the Altoona Boys xc team . We'll be lucky if we even score a point . Why are some people so naturally talented ? 
My summer has officially been murdered . Thanks a lot Central Cambria\ 
No ... no ... no ( slow ) ... no ... no ( chant ) ... nooo ... noo ... noo ( building ) ... nooo ... nooo ... nooo ( into a thunderous uninterrupted cry of agony ) ... nooooo ... nooooo ... NOOOOOO !!! 
Well , according to my newsfeed , I have 179 days of school left .... Wrong ! I'm a senior , so I get out earlier and get to go to a Curve game . But , my schedule just might kill me , so I might not make it that far . 
I find that talking about school on Facebook is just as depressing as actually going through a day of school , so from henceforth , I'll try not to talk about it ... except to occasionally complain . \ 
And , I DO NOT LOOK LIKE SAV FROM DEGRASSI !!! 
Wow , every part of my body hurts . I guess running does that to you . \ 
And for all the people that commented on my status yesterday , \ 
I believe that I look better than Sav 
Hmmm ... School bonfire or my brother's soccer practice . Don't even really have to think of that one too much . Soccer practice , easy . Psshh , who has school loyalty ? There isn't even gonna be a fire , it's just a \bon \"." 
Could be at a drizzly highschool football game ... But , I like watching games in high definition , or at Hienz Field . I think I'll read \The Inferno\ " or the \ " Bourne Identity\ " instead . " 
Effing ACT practice tests always put me in a really , really bad mood . Now I'm going to sulk and be ' antisocial ' for a while . I think I'll vent it out on a long , thoughtless bike ride . 
Just overheated his pizza and now has to eat it with a fork . 
is planning on not shaving for the next week . Then , I'll see how many people say \I like your beard\ " in a Ke$ha voice . ( I won't count me looking at myself in the mirror and saying it ) " 
W.T.F. Why are all these crazy looking people walking past my house ? The Cambria County fair can't be good enough to attract that many people . 
I've just realized that I don't really get mad at other people . I'm actually just mad at myself for being dumb enough to accidentally let something slip somehow , allowing other people know what makes me mad ( not that I'm implying that I'm mad ... at the moment ) . 
I've got the magic in me\ 
Everytime I touch that track it turns into gold\ 
Everybody knows I've got the magic in me\ 
\ 
Too bad the people that count don't know it ... yet . It's about to change 
Attention : I just finished a brutal , and hopefully last , ACT test . Tune in within the next 3-8 weeks to see the results- unless I do bad , cause then you won't see them . \ 
In other news , I may be going to the fair , if its worth it and if someone wants to come with me . After-wards- hoping to see Penn State kick some Crimson Tide ' butt ' 
Ahhh ... 9 solid hours of sleep felt amazing . \ 
However , shaving for the first time in 8 days probably won't feel that amazing 
Whooaa ... I just ran my hand across a foreign surface , and then figured out it was the side of my face . It is sooo smooth now . Then , I looked in the mirror and realized that I'd nearly forgotten how beautiful I looked . \ 
( For the record , I am not trying to emulate Narcissus , people are just dumb in not recognizing sarcasm sometimes ) 
Is sitting in his treehouse , reading a book , eating some chips and salsa , and drinking orange juice . Remind me why I do a sport ( even if you don't consider running a sport ) when I could chilax like this all the time . 
Tomorrow sounds like so much fun . Advanced physics test , A.P. history test , and ( lucky me ) a head to head race against last year's xc , mile and two mile district champ . Maybe I'll be able to stick with him for 2 < PROPMALE > ( big , big maybe ) 
Whoever invented derivitives was either genious or crazy . I'll go with the latter . \ 
I'm also genius or crazy . But , in my case , I'll go with the previous . All of you fall under the latter , unless I'm crazy . If that be the case , my only question is \Why are you reading a crazy person's facebook status ? \"" 
Things I think I thought this week\ 
1 ) I really hate how people expect more out of me than what I expect of myself\ 
2 ) Small colleges need to stop sending me dumb letters- cause I'm NOT running in college\ 
3 ) No matter how much I see it , I can't get my head around the fact that what many of you are eating was living at some point , and it still occasionally makes me feel nauseous . 
Tough luck cc guys , but that was a helluva last minute you played . \ 
And , for reasons I can't quite fathom , I'm kind of nervous for my invite tomorrow . Last time I was truly nervous , I busted a 4:49 mile . Hopefully I can get some similar results ... 
Ahhh ... accomplished what I intended to do . I left it all out out there , figuratively and literally . I puked my guts out everywhere , and it hurt so bad that I almost lost consciousness . Oh yeah , I also ran a 17:50 and finished 17th out of almost 200 , but of course , that wasn't my original intention at all . 
is going to have a long , deep conversation with himself , because ' me ' likes to actually have intelligent conversations . If you think that you can < PROPFEMALE > an intelligent conversation with ' me ' , give it a try . But , ' me ' thinks that you'll be hard pressed to beat the talks that ' myself ' and ' I ' have with ' me ' . Most of you will probably accept my theory , and not try . Resulting in intelligent conversation . 
Ahh ... just submitted my applications to Harvard , Yale , and MIT ... erm , I mean Penn State , Pitt , and Drexel 
is planning on making a potentially controversial status update . Tune in at 9:30 ish to see it live 
Is wondering , should I just totally rail the person that's ticking me off right now ? Probably not , seeing as they're online at the moment . That could end badly . For them . 
I'm gonna get by , and just do my time , out of step , while they get in line\ 
I'm just a minor threat so pay no mind\ 
Do you really wanna be like them , do you really wanna be another trend ? \ 
Do you wanna be part of that crowd ? 
Ain't I seen you before ? I think I remember those eyes , eyes , eyes , eyes\ 
Wow , \ 
she must have had some really beautiful eyes , like < PROPFEMALE > with a tint of\ 
green , or better yet , eyes like the ones I see in the mirror everyday 
is going to grow his beard in < PROPMALE > this time , or at least untill I see what schools I get accepted to . That way , I have something to nervously stroke at while I play the waiting game . 
When I pretend , I can’t forget about the criminal I am\ 
Stealing second after second just cause I know I can but\ 
I can’t pretend this is the way it’ll stay I’m just\ 
trying to bend the truth 
Is on cloud 9 , literally , cause this memory foam is amazing . It feels really good , especially after this disastrous weekend . And maybe it'll help with what is promising to be an incredibly brutal week . I wish I could just stay in this mattress . Forever . 
didn't realize how warm the hair on my legs actually kept me , until it got sheared off . And by the way , I saw all of you girls looking at them , so ladies , watch out , cause there's a new pair of attractive looking legs in town , and I'm walkin ' on ' em . 
Why is it that every time my mind begins to reach the point of total relaxation , some unknown variable is thrown into the picture , causing me to spiral back down to the gloom I just got out of ? I don't think I'll ever answer this question , and I'm done trying . World you win , cause I think I've given up . 
Had his first experience with a runners ' high today , unfortunately , the euphoria is over and it is now time to return back to the mundane . 
Well I believe it all is coming to an end\ 
Oh well , I guess , we're gonna pretend , \ 
Let's see how far we've come\ 
Let's see how far we've come 
Oh yeah , I busted a 17:00 flat today . And threw up . And it still kinda hurts . And ... 
Rorschach : I shall go and tell the indestructible man that someone plans to murder him . \ 
Rorschach , I don't think there will be any indestructible men our football game . If you find one though , tell me , cause I want to see how to go about ' offing ' someone like that 
Tights + shaved legs = one word . That word would be \Wow ! \"" 
I like a punk rock chick with hair just like Rihanna\ 
Like a go-go girl who dance like Lady Gaga\ 
They the girls that start the party\ 
( Hey ! ) So Baby could it be you 
This is what Sunday afternoon is all about , a hard hitting game game of football ( Steelers and Ravens , not powderpuff haha ) with decent commentators for once . 
almost came to terms with my ACTs . Then , I figured out that being in the 96th % of the country isn't good enough ... 
It's slowly failing upward . You can step but you have no ground . \ 
I hear it from the lost words . They say its time that you lost your crown . \ 
Wasting away ... I see you . \ 
When the top of the world falls on you\ 
Finding a day , don’t wanna be you . \ 
When the top of the world falls on you 
Seth : \How many < PROPMALE > a day do you guys run ? \ " \ 
I'm tired of people telling me I should be a terrorist for Halloween . The beard was a bad idea . I'm also tired of Rihanna telling me to ' treat her like she's the only girl in the world ' . If she wants me to do that , she should actually get IN my life and OUT of my radio , tv , and computer .... and my iPod . 
would like to formally thank our football team for putting baby powder all over ( and in ) my black backpack . It was a great time getting rid of all of it and a great way to end an equally great day . 
was disappointed when I heard that ' most likely to take over the world ' is no longer a choice for senior favorites . There goes my shoe in . 
Homecoming game . Gotta make sure < PROPFEMALE > or I don't fall , cause we've got the longest walk ... 
Will be surprised if many people read this . But don't you hate it when you have an extremely lucid dream , that you can remember in perfect clarity when you get up , and then , by the time you've showered or eaten your breakfast , it's gone , and you can't even remember vague details ? It's just totally gone .... nothing at all . Well , I hate that . A lot . 
set the new course record for high school boys at the Saint < PROPFIRST > Invite . All I got ... a fifty-cent coin sized silver medal . Now I need a therapeutic shower , bad . Luckily , there's homecoming with Ally to look forward to :) 
had a lot of fun at homecoming last night with Ally . And in retrospect , I probably should have used the cat ( maybe it wouldn't have meowed as much ) instead of my jeans as a pillow , but everything seemed like a good idea at four in the morning at < PROPMALE > Vigneault ' s . 
Why is common sense called ' common ' sense , if it's not very common or apparent for many people ? 
has a date with his front porch . We're going to watch a lightning storm together\ 
Cute , right ? 
Hmmm ... I know that the world would be a great place if we got rid of a lot of things , although , after watching the news , I think hubris is easily the biggest problem . Too bad everyone of us has a case of it though 
I didn't think I'd ever get intoxicated like this . I had a bit too much of that new drink , Ambition , right before a spartan type practice . That coupled with a surprisingly brutal game of flickerball , has left me very tipsy . I'll probably be hungover with pain for the next few days . So ... Much ... Pain .... I think I could sleep forever 
wishes that he could pull off a fedora like < PROPMALE > Mars . Then , I could smile in my mug shot when I get pulled over for having an illegal substance , like pot . ( For those of you that didn't know , I don't do pot . But apparently , Mr. Mars decided to smile for his mug shot when he got caught ) . 
Is never going to eat this much Indian food again .... Unless it happens to be punjabi . 
Why do people always text me about school stuff ? Why can't it be ' hey what's up ' , or something like that , instead of ' how'd you do number 5 on the college chem homework ? ' Don't they ever feel like ... Just talking ( texting) ? 
You have no soul , \ he teased her . \ 
I tried soooo hard ... and almost made it .... and ended up blowing it 
Drexel visit tomorrow ... Fun , fun 
could definitely see myself at Drexel honors , or Pitt honors , or PSU main , or , or , or .... I think I'll just go with picking out of a hat , it'd be easier :/ 
I wish that I could fly into the sky\ 
So very high just like a dragon fly\ 
I'd fly above the trees \ 
Over the seas in all degrees to anywhere I please 
I can feel every push up , sit up , and mile that my body's been through in the last 3 years . I can also feel the weight of every ounce of support I've received throughout my running career . It's all been leading up to this Saturday , so this race ( potentially my last cross country race ever , though I hope I'm not wrong in doubting it ) is for all of you guys :) 
CENTRAL CAMBRIA XC IS HERSHEY-BOUND !!!! \ 
That's right all you non-believers , the boys won the district too- this was brought to you by district < PROPFEMALE>'s no . 8 runner 
If your goal is failure , and you succeed ... tell me , what exactly is it that you've accomplished ? 
Everyday , in my college calc class , I count the number of keys on my keyboard , and everyday , I get a drastically different number- either I'm really out of it , or the keyboard is ... Magical . But , I didn't have that problem today , I'm at Hershey hahaha 
Cause it's the end of the show\ 
Let's go let's go\ 
Let's go let's go 
Hershey pushed and shoved , kicked and punched , spiked and tripped and ' effin ' mentally abused me ... I'm finished 
I wanna start a fight , \ 
na na na na na na na I wanna start a fight 
needs to learn how to bite my tongue a little harder ... 
Let's play a game ... let's guess how many of my extremities I can freeze off while cheering for what may be a lost cause ... Gotta have some faith though ... 
Like my status and I'll tell you something I'd only say about you behind your back . Beware , this isn't for the faint-hearted , because your ego may not be able to handle it ...... 
Time to become facebook enemy no . 1 ... If you feel like I was too brutal , feel free to retaliate . 
I just got off the scale and ... WTF , I gained 5 pounds in a week ?!?! I was hoping for at least 7 . I guess I'll just have to try a lot harder this week . 
I ain't happy , I'm feeling glad\ 
I got sunshine , in a bag\ 
I'm useless , but not for long the future is coming on 
If everyone is different , what is normal ? 
If electricity comes from the movement of electrons , does morality come from the movement of morons ? 
Yes ... yes , contrary to what you think , I am aware that I am irresponsible and ' underachieving . ' So , how about we make life easier on all of us and lower expectations ? 
Successful night- < PROPMALE > Potter met my expectations , we just tore up a Taco < PROPFEMALE > , I almost yelled at some lady for nudging my car in the parking lot , I got extra extra butter on my popcorn , and now I get to drive home on roads that hopefully aren't full of last minute holiday traffic 
On his way to the ' Backyard Brawl ' to mess up a few wvu fans ... 
Things that I knew , but were strongly re-enforced today-\ 
-Tino Sunser can't be counted on\ 
-It's really hard to ignore the cold at Heinz Field when your team's losing\ 
-People are more ingenious about sneaking booze into stadiums than I gave them credit for\ 
-Random people are really easy to boss around when you say the right thing\ 
-How to make cops very mad ... and still be within my legal rights 
Facebook is asking me what's on my mind .... Well , Facebook , what's on YOUR mind ? 
The square root of 69 is 8 somethin , right ? \ 
Cause I've been tryna work it out 
Just woke up , going back to sleep . I hate being sick ... and the taste of NyQuil 
I wanna do something dangerous , like go over the Niagara Falls in a barrel , run with the bulls in Pamplona , go for a walk by Kilauea , steal snuff from one of the Shultz twins ( don't tell them ) , jump out of an airplane , meander through Baghdad without a bullet proof vest , go one on one with Manny Pacquiao , or ... 
is drinking some Chicken Soup for the Soul 
I'd like to make footprints in the sands of time before I check out , but you can't make footprints in the sands of time if you're sitting on your butt ... unless your intent is to make buttprints in the sands of time . 
Vent runs on my treadmill aren't nearly as effective as they are on the trail , even if I'm watching Gerrard Butler come down on the Persians like a hurricane 
Is all prettied up and ready to go to the last Christmas concert I'll ever be a part of ... and it's bittersweet . 
I'm gonna blow you away ..... with a rocket launcher :p 
I try not to bitch about school after it's over , cause going through it once is bad enough , but .... totally bombing two tests in one day , and having to write another essay and take another test tomorrow .... yeah , I think I should be able to bitch a little about it . 
Wow , I don't wanna go back to sleep after that nightmarish dream .... 
Two ski resorts and a few hours of windburn and hat hair- my face is going look lovely Christmas morning 
I get depressed looking at most of the status updates on my News Feed . It's almost like watching the real news on CNN ( Constant Negative News ) 
Just ran outside to get something from the car ... in nothing but my bathrobe . I don't think I can have a dumber idea for the rest of the day . 
For the past 4 or 5 years I've come up with an awesome New Year's resolution , and for the past 4 or 5 years I've come up with an even better excuse not to follow through with that resolution . Now I'm out of good excuses and bad excuses are just ... bad , so I guess I'm actually going to have to try for it in 2011 . 
This that Slumdog Millionaire Bollywood flow\ 
And uh , my real friends never hearin’ from me\ 
Fake friends write the wrong answers on the mirror for me\ 
That’s why I pick and choose , I don’t get shit confused 
Life plan- go to college for a long time and accumulate tons of debt , become a plastic surgeon in 90210 , get a super hot wife , pay off my debts , perform a couple of ' E ! News ' worthy high paying surgeries , and retire by 45 to enjoy the next 55 years of my life . I don't need some stupid career/life exploration site to tell me that . 
I'm feeling generous ( and bored of doing my senior project ) ... Like my status and I'll tell you one thing nice that I've never told you in person because I didn't have the balls to say it yet . 
No , you cannot have the big screen tonight to watch \Pretty Little Liars\ " because I'm gonna be watching ( calling it right now ) the ' Maehl man ' make a big delivery " 
< PROPMALE > MAEHL !!! Totally called that 
Today I basically flushed my college chem grade down the toilet , and later proceeded to spend an entire period on ONE college calc problem ... only to finish half of it . I then tried to make myself feel better by going on fmylife.com ... and it didn't work . FML 
Surgery doesn't scare me . The loss of four teeth and part of my jawbone- the result of that seems a bit perplexing though . 
***** WARNING ***** The national weather service has issued a falling bird warning for Pittsburgh today starting at 4:30 and continuing until the end of the fourth quarter . Falling birds could be heavy at times , especially around the Heinz Field area . Heavy accumulation is likely . POST AND REPOST ALL OVER STEELERS NATION ! WE ARE EVERYWHERE ! Lets go Steelers !! 
Finishing up what was quite possibly my psychologically and physically worst weekend ever . Thanks to < PROPMALE > Wirfel , < PROPMALE > Hite , < PROPFIRST > Bussard , apparently < PROPFEMALE > Wentz haha , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Chappell , and anyone else I'm forgetting for giving me some great company via text and helping me make it through it though 
Lortab with added oxycodone side effects- ' extreme dizziness ' is a check , ' difficulty breathing ' hasn't been a problem , ' nausea ' hasn't been a problem , ' lightheadedness ' is a check , ' mental cloudiness ' is a definite check , and ' mental/mood swings'- sorry about that one to anyone I've talked to over the past week ..... only two days worth of poppin ' pills left 
\HERE WE GO\ " \ 
Hey , < PROPFIRST > Swift , you're 24 days too late to go back to December , unless you're going to wait 11 months . But , please stop standing there in front of me , swallowing your pride , telling me you're sorry , cause I forgive you . Just please stop playing that song all the time 
Twenty people like this status , and I'll make the picture of me right out of surgery my profile picture , which I believe will make every one of laugh ( or at least the first time you see it ) 
You're the one thing on my mind that can change anytime\ 
' Cause there's so many fine women , that my head is spinning\ 
And I've lost all feeling , everybody's singing like\ 
Hey na na na hey hey na na na na 
Admit it , < PROPMALE > Antol , you were scared when you saw that ball coming at you for what could have been my 4th goal 
Isn't loquacious a great word to say ? Just let it roll off your tongue . Lo-quay-sha-us ... I can't stop saying it now , and it's actually making me feel loquacious ( most you probably have no idea what this word even means ) 
Still waiting for that call at the corner of First and Amistad 
Really , ladies , will you please shut it ! Listen to me . Yes , I lied to you . No , I don't love you . Of course it makes you look fat . I've never been to Brussels . It is pronounced egregious . And by the way , no , I've never actually met Pisaro , but I love his pies . And all of this pales into utter insignificance in light of the fact that my ship is , once again , gone . Savvy ? 
Dammit , I hate it when I wake up from an awesome dream and feel good because of it ... and then can't remember any of it 5 minutes later and which causes me to have mental crash . Sooo frustrating 
Mom : Arjun , when are you getting a haircut and shaving ? \ 
Me : Why ...? \ 
Mom : You look like a hobo ! \ 
Me : That's one good looking hobo 
If speedshowering was a sport , I'd come in dead last , every time , no questions asked 
I've got more heart than Hallmark does on < PROPFIRST>'s Day .... and no one to share it with .... 
Like a go-go girl who dance like Lady Gaga 
Thank you Mrs. Shirk for ruining what could have been potentially the best chick fight that didn't involve < PROPFIRST > ... 
4 cups of white tea along with 6 hours of on and off sleeping with Lord Of The Rings ... I still feel terrible . Somebody please text me 
Will be at Pitt ... For the rest of my day . Fun fun 
Just turned on my TV and teen jeopardy was on ... and surprise , an Indian kid is winning right now . Is it even possible for a ' stupid Indian ' to exist ? ( Don't tell me I'm the exception , I already know that hahah ) 
Oh wait , 2 hour delay ? No shiz ... I think I saw one , or two , or three , or like twenty people say that on my newsfeed . 
Tomorrow : Beard without the mustache \ 
Thursday : Kid Cudi beard if I can pull it off , chinstrap if I can't\ 
Friday : Totally clean 
Things that I received today : a lot more points than I thought possible , a drawstring bag with a t-shirt and a periodic table pen from some smart people in Pittsburgh , two really good hours at < PROPFEMALE > House and McDonald's , and the biggest ' ass whooping ' of my life courtesy of State College and Hempfield . 
How do you cure ' forgetfulness ? ' It's not like you can remind yourself to remember something- that's not possible , because you already forgot and you just end up with that stupid feeling that you forgot something but you can't remember what it is exactly that you forgot . Like right now .... 
It's just another manic Monday \ 
I wish it was Sunday \ 
' Cause that's my funday \ 
My I don't have to runday \ 
It's just another manic Monday 
Hahahaha , I have 69 friends online right now ! 
In an ideal world , a girl would have already asked me to prom , but that hasn't happened yet ... this calls for some drastic , ballsy measures 
Today could have been a potential disaster , but it turned out pretty good in the end- Thank you Ally Deetscreek , < PROPFIRST > Beyer , < PROPFIRST > Tomacruz , and < PROPFEMALE > Farabaugh for assisting me in my ' ballsy ' plan ... and < PROPFIRST > Vogatsky for saying \Yes\ " :) " 
Just found out what a college rejection letter looks like . At least it wasn't a big red all caps ' REJECTION ' stamp . They had to make me open the damn letter . Real coooool Schreyer's , real cooool .... 
You make me feel like I could touch the planets , \ 
You want the < PROPFEMALE > , girl watch me grab it 
I remember when I made status updates saying \I remember when I ( insert phrase of your choice here) \"" 
Just downed a protein shake , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > style 
This is a world where what we want is only what we want until it's ours 
I'm considering dropping out , just so I don't have to turn in the ton of homework that I have due this week .... anyone want to join me ? 
When they see me everybody brrrrraps brrrrrraps 
Thank you Saint < PROPMALE > for showing me a good time last night ( with the exception of one person haha ) .... and for making my college decision a lot harder , because I could totally see myself running there ! 
Swear I seen you before , I think I remember those eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes eyes\ 
Seriously , I don't think I'll ever see eyes like that again :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Black's \Friday\ " is so bad that I think I gained some respect for Miley Cyrus .... and it almost makes me want to look forward to Mondays . And I swear if I ever hear that song on the radio while I'm driving- I finding the nearest < PROPMALE > and driving off of it . " 
Is reading \The Complete Book of Dreams\ " to see how ' effed ' up my mind really is .... " 
Some Indians have ' swag , ' like Arjun Atwal ( won Wyndham in the PGA ) , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , and Aziz Ansari . Some of them , like Sanjaya Malakar ( easily one of the worst American Idol singers I've ever seen ) don't . Luckily , I plan on having more swag than any of them 
< PROPFIRST > Vogatsky and I have decided that if at least 250 people like this status , I'll grow my beard out to epic proportions for prom ( I won't trim it at all like I did last time ) .... so if you want to see a mountain man at prom , you have until April 5th to like this status 
So gimme that too t-t oot\ 
and let me hear that beep-beep 
Doing my A.P. English character journals like a boss .... to a playlist made up entirely of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Spears , and Rihanna <3 
Is kinda ready to attempt to lay down the law at somerset tomorrow .... Kinda 
I've been dogfighting , scratching and clawing on every height\ 
Trying to make you remember me like you remember the Titans 
< PROPFEMALE > : A . PSU B . PITT C . DREXEL D . SAINT < PROPMALE > \ 
Me : A , Final Answer , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I think I could be the < PROPFIRST > Agassi of Central Cambria track .... 
Well , this new hairdo is going to take some getting used to .... 
If someone would hijack the sound system at Trojan Stadium on Wednesday and play some Troop 41 , I'd flex to left throw some money out my hands , I'd do it for the city , ya I'd do it for the fans to ball like Wall boy I gotta do the dance I'll do the < PROPFIRST > Wall ... across the finish line ( .... if I can eke out a win .. ) 
Even though I'm not a damn pothead , am I still allowed to be excited that tomorrow's 4/20 , just to see all the crazy shiz that my possibly happen ? 
OMG !!!!! < PROPFIRST > PARKIN AND < PROPFEMALE > WRIGHT ARE A COUPLE !!!!!! 
From a chem test that seemed too easy ( you know it's bad when that happens ) , to a failed prom table conundrum , to one of the worst meets ever ( on my part , the rest of our team was awesome ) , I think it's safe to say that my bed has easily been the best part of my day 
Almost forgot how much fun NYC could be <3 
Eshani Dixit is my favorite person to ever exist ever . 
