Ok , ok , I'll give this decade a < PROPMALE > ... but it's the last time ! 

My daughter is such an angel .. :) 
I'm in _____ !!!! 
Is college over yet ?? 
Can't wait till me birthday !! 
Oh my gosh ! So much bday love ! Y'all are great you know that ? 
It's Tuesday and all I can think about is what I'm gonna do this weekend ..? But seriously , is college over yet ??? 
Reconnecting with my biological family - LOVE IT !! 
Pastor said some quote from CS < PROPFIRST > today - I don't remember it exactly but it said something like the only places where you can be spared from love's heartbreak are in heaven and in hell - I found it a very interesting matter to ponder further .... :) 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , what u up to these days ?? 
Are you ready ? Cuz I'm ready - let's start a RIOT !! 
I'm bored - where is the entertainment committee ?? 
48 degrees yesterday , 19 degrees today . Almost all the snow was melted off the ground yesterday , & it started to snow again today . Freaky 
It's time to get back on top of the world again , or at least feel like I am 
AHA ! Craps table was smokin hot last night ! We're up 500 big ones baaabbyy 
Awww ! I love my daughter so freakin much ! I always tell her \You're a good girl\ " and now she started saying to me \ " You a good mom\ " SO CUTE ! " 
superbowl party ! 
Listening to Grandpa play dollhouse with Gabby is really funny - but it makes me wonder about him sometimes ... 
Alright - me and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding is to take place at a yet undecided location on October 14 , 2022 - save the date folks !! 
Feliz cinco de mayo - ¡ < PROPFEMALE > México ! ¡ Olé ! \ 
¿ Quién quiere < PROPFEMALE > mojito ? 
Ok - finals are over and now it's time for VACATION , BABY !! 
OMG - listen to this people , my daughter has been using the potty and wearing big girl underwear since SATURDAY !!! YAAAAYY , I am so freakin excited , no more diapers ! 
Home from vacation - had a blast rollin with my homies :) 
Tomorrow is bound to be the rockin-est night in all of rockin history - can't wait to have some fun ! 
I'm raising a toad farm ! 
I HATE MONEY ! But I need it ... so , if you feel the same way that I do and want to get rid of all that evil green paper , I will take it ... even though I don't really want it 
But ... I don't want summer to be over ... sniffle 
Guess what everybody ??? I am officially starting the nursing program this January ! WOOT ! 
Oh My Word !! Thanks for all the birthday love y'all!! Got to go out to dinner ( twice ) , have a nice little family get together and then go to a bunch of spook houses with my friends and Matty - it was a good one ! 
I am ready for SPRING ! So why is it still .... still snowing ? And snowing ... and snowing 
Over spring break I regained my sanity ! 
