shit 

So ... Who is ready for a snowboarding/Ski trip ?! 
I cant sleep . Been up all night . EMT class starts today ... UGH . 
Hopes for < PROPFEMALE > are sinking . MELTING !!! IM MEEEEEELLLLLLLTTTING . HAh 
Its official . No < PROPFEMALE > Fire for me . At least I wont miss any of the volleyball season now . Game on ! 
I got mud handled . 
Dicks are created , not born . 
kinda like how coal turns into a < PROPFEMALE > but in reverse ... 
wants to go to \paytons\ " soon for some courtyard music and sweetness stout ! " 
Had a great time with my buddies last night . Even bumped into some old friends I hav'nt seen in a while . I love reunions . 
Looking for feed back . When I walk into a dive bar I expect to see ... ( no people or actions please ) Tangible things . 
Sleep , eat , work , eat , work , eat , sleep . Life is good ! 
I think I forgot how to shave . I just cut the shit out of my face . Damn . 
HUMMUS ! Hummus is on my mind ! 
I think sleep should be available in vending machines for convenience . 
Waiting outside meijer for < PROPMALE > to finish going poopy . 
is feeling kinda burnt out and starting to drop the ball a little bit ... 
Want to send out a big thanks to the guys at Line-X of Montgomery . Truck looks great . The guys over there take a lot of pride in what they do . If you need your truck bed lined head over to their shop on Montgomery rd . across from bills restaurant . 
I need a massage . I feel like a half frozen pile of spaghetti . 
I was once told I am insatiable . I just realized that that sucks pretty bad . 
Honesty . It can make you a saint or it can make you a < PROPMALE > . Mabye i'm both ... 
An honest living is a hard way to live . 
Ok , weird question . Does anyone know an inventor ? 
Already dreading winter 
Accidental Saw vs . water pipe today . Saw wins , I lose ... 
Dog Vs Leather couch round 3 . Dog still undefeated . Back to the upholstery shop ... Mabye a dog leather ottoman is the next step ... 
how many people can say they have brushed a pitbulls teeth ? it was interesting . 
I hate the cold . It makes want to stay inside ... I hate staying inside . 
My neighbors internet connection is slow as hell today . Im going to call him and complain . 
Chicago sucks and is cold but some how here I am back to december . 
Good drill at the Fire Department last night , followed by some healthy conversation , Paychecks and a fun night out ! This is how it should be bros ! Good hanging with you all last night . 
About to leave for my EMT final . Cant wait for a change of pace next semester ! MIG Welding . Thats more like it ! 
Why do I have to put color cartriges in my printer when I only want black and white images ! I hate you computer bastards ! 
Its time to put AMERICANS back to work , and put an end to illegal immigration . \Like\ " this if you know anyone who is unemployed and wished they could find a job . " 
So many people are willing to make fun of someone for being cheap ... Why is it that you never hear someone being made fun of for spending money that they don’t have ? Thus our economy . 
Pay it forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade or homemade to the first five people to leave a comment here . To be eligible , you must also post this in your status , offering the same thing to five other people . The rules are that it must be hand made by you and it must be sent out sometime during 2011 :) 
I just want to send a thank you out to all of my friends who moved this month and didnt ask for my help or truck . 
In honor of hardworking Americans everywhere , take the day off . You have earned it . 
Does it count as gluttony if its Portillos ? 
One day I want to copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice . 
Also , Does anyone have a fish tank that they want to get rid of ? I need like a 35 to 55 gallon . 
LOST MY PHONE LAST NIGHT . STAND BY . 
Electric is out in my building . Went to utility room with maintenance man to check things out . Stumbled across a leaking water main . No power , No water . I should have just bought a cabin . 
Left for Chicago this morning at 6:15 . Home at 11:30 pm . Up and off again at 5:30 . Self-employed ... More like Self-enslaved . 
May your worries pass you by like a < PROPFIRST > bag on a < PROPFEMALE > day . 
The library is complete ! Check out the photos . We built this puppy from SCRATCH ! 
Sore throat and headache vs 2 extra strength Tylenol and a bottle of dragon's milk . Sickness 0 , Remedy 1 
after 1 flight delay , on white trash < PROPFEMALE > calling < PROPFEMALE > a c@*# , losing our bags till today at 3 , and one tsunami , we are finally settling in to our room in hawaii . 
Came home from snorkeling at 3 and took a nap . its now 11 and < PROPFEMALE > wants to just sleep through the night . not sure im able to do that ... 
Just taught < PROPFEMALE > how to make ramen with a coffee maker . shes a big fan . 
Why are there so many things that i would like to say that I shouldnt ? 
