is glad someone didn't pay their student fees - hooray for morning classes . :) 

has finished the two english workshop writeups and dives into latin vocabulary , carefully postponing the real work of history and anthropology until the small hours of morning . 
laughs at Safe Assign : the report came back matching 1% possibility of plagerism . That is one sentence out of the 2100 words . 
wishes guests would finish dressing before coming down for breakfast . >.< 
is , strangely enough , doing better in Bio . Anthropolgy than American History . 
had a poor day of classes : one rancoriously cancelled , one politely cancelled , one cut in half and only one full . :( 
needs more commas . 
is not big on conspiracy theories ; but , come on Nobel committee . At least wait for a year after an inauguration to award a president . 
thinks Safe Assign ( plagerism checking software ) is too funny . My sentence : \The only thing I could not find was a pair of socks . \ " Possible source sentence : \ " The only thing I could not find was the chocolate spread . \ " :D " 
almost has his costume together , just missing the greenman charm . 
< PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show , midnight Saturday , Orpheum Theatre , ($9 , I think ) 
finished the process analysis of the analysis process ... 33 words , including the title . :D 
is seeking advice on Gen . Psych . at WSU : are there any instructors that are preferable , or in contrast avoidable ? 
: I posted a revised version of the non-fiction narrative I am working on for Mikrokosmos in my notes . The complaint about the version I submitted was that the ending was too abrupt , like an epiphany . Please let me know what you think about it , either in the comments or as a message . Thank you ! 
discovered only three books in his once proud library made the Master's reading list for WSU's MFA . 
made his Reflex check : He caught his wedding band just before it sank into the bathroom sink ! 
< PROPFIRST > Kasell is coming to WSU ! :) 
wishes the guest that left the DS Lite with Mariokart in it had also left the charger . :( 
discovered today in public speaking that people care more about cookies for themselves than helping someone get to grandma's funeral and feeding a three month old infant . My persuasive skills : +1 . 
should learn not to leave his facebook logged in at work :) hehe 
feels like a mystical beaver . 
forgot his password at work and is locked out of the system for one minute intervals . Hopefully no one needs to check in . :D 
:( the Old Republic can't keep up with their awesomeness . 
loves the guests that think anything not bolted down or locked is theirs for the taking . 
guests overestimate my cruelty . Someone asked for four trash bags , and then clarified that they should be empty . It took most of my self-control to leave the full bags in the back . 
discovered , three fourth's the way to work , the fuzzy haze around the traffic lights was not the refraction of light through the raindrops on the windshield but rather my lack of glasses . 
tonights cooking tip : read the number of servings a recipe makes before you decide to triple it . 
hates corporate evaluations . Horrible mandated music , no chairs , cometic alterations to the front desk arrangement , and ( moan ) a name tag . At least it is only for one night :D 
:( Saved my explication over my sonnet . 
There is a trailer in the hotel parking lot from which the hounds of Tartaus are braying . 
Have you ever been called a hippy , a granola , a pot smoker , a savior , and a counselor over the course of three hours by a woman in a manic at your work place ? I have , now . 
The second , third , and fifth sonnets of my crown for ENG 303 are functional , if not completely done , and the remaining four are at least outlined . Hurray for progress :D 
I love messing with prank callers . At least this group kept their language clean . :D 
Done with revisions ! Poetry : lovely . Fiction : okay . Just the brief cover letters and then printing . :D /happydance 
Grades are in ! \ 
Fiction Writing : A\ 
Poetry Writing : A\ 
Int . Latin : A\ 
Psychology of Learning : A 
Lift up your head and be of good cheer ; for behold , the time is at hand , and on this night shall the sign be given , and on the morrow come I into the world , to show unto the world that I will fulfil all that which I have caused to be spoken by the mouth of my holy prophets . 
Today I used facebook to reunite a man and his wallet . 
