Let's make this first day count . 

My goal is to clothe the world and cover everyone's walls . 
Welp , I enjoyed the last night of the year ! Good to be with close friends :D Now this year has got to exceed all the others in greatness ! 
I shall soon be gone until the 7th ! Forward Ho ! 
Rivers always reach the sea 
Wondering what's a good free online game ? 
BEAN SOUP ! 
God . You have no idea how BORED I am . 
We need roomate . 
AAAAARRGHHH 
Alright . Roomate situation sealed . 
I hate cold medicine . And I have a cold . 
I can't keep track of my 600 fake emails 
Anxiety is the recognition that the events with which one is confronted lie outside the range of convenience of one's construct system .... ( A construct is the meaning dimensions one imposes upon the world in order to make the world interpretable . ) 
I cannot run from my family , they're hiding inside of me . 
What's this ! 
The falling leaf that never tries to hold on to what keeps it alive 
Did I leave the oven on ?..... No ... No I'm a fucking squirrel ! 
Damn . Why are people so much better than me ? 
I want raspberry hair ! 
God why does < PROPFEMALE > love Dazed so much ?... 
Finally picked our colors for zee walls :) 
Slowly .... debasing 
First time I sat down and watched a SuperBowl ... I was amused . 
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misleading 
Does anyone know how to make a header different on each < PROPFEMALE > with Open Office ? 
white chocolate and apricot bread ? The world really does know how to smile . 
I am not an 18 year old girl , I am not an 18 year old girl . 
< PROPFEMALE > would be terrible at disassembling a bomb 
Our < PROPFEMALE > was stuck IN our couch today :) 
I can't think of two alike things to compare . 
Foregin lullabys and too many dreams of murder 
A cow is to grass as I am to spaghetti 
I saw the smoke from the ACC Pinnacle library from that plane 
Does anybody have any stories of their dogs using tactical deception ? I'm writing a paper on it ... plleeease 
Swallowing one bulb after another in the city of electric lights ! 
YAY Snow ! Boo snowballs inside the apartment 
Well . All is set except for the 3404 , 0000000 dollars to pay . 
Judging the Science Fair was cute :) 
Speech < PROPMALE > History 
I just brushed my teeth for 2 hours 
I need something to make with this RAINBOW YARN :) 
I wretch , I shake , I cry until I shake , I push , I strain , I wrestle with my brain , it burns , it hurts , I tumble to the Earth and as I fall I feel myself relax . 
mmmmmweak stomach . 
The people screaming just like they should 
well . I won't be watching the < PROPFIRST>'s again .. 
god why is there a broken mouse next to my laptop ? 
In a perfect world , I would decorate all my moving boxes from head to toe . 
BLAME ( < PROPFEMALE > who will be in ) CANADA ! 
So getting food poisining and puking the entire vacation was ... Not Fun . But at least I got to parler français a bit eh ? 
everybody loves clleeeaning 
I'm just ... really glad that my brain can handle all of this . 
My car will be free to be original again ! 
I am ashamed 
step 1 : find job . step 2 : endure pain . 
GODS AWAY ON BUSINESS . 
Project reorganize iTunes . itunes that has music from middle school-great . I reaaally hope I figure out how to delete songs . 
yay for adult swim block party :) . And yay for easy < PROPFEMALE > all < PROPFEMALE > s soon :D 
What a good wife you would be ! but my life , my love and my lady is the sea 
does anyone know how to transfer songs from one computer to the next ? my other thing isn't working out . 
We're on a ride to nowhere , come on inside 
yikes ! Roots , Rock , Reggae :) 
I think I'm going to be sad , I think it's today yeah . 
long weekend . 
money can lick my shoe ugh 
life is like a roll of toilet paper 
I love my < PROPFEMALE>'s face up close :) 
oh god I have a problem . Four summer classes . 
aaaackkk . love 
They really need to make yearbooks for raves . 
I think it would be a important thing for me to get better at giving advice . 
Back to my true color ! 
How does one write a story about something to be video recorded ? this is going to be harder than I thought ... 
mmm the best tofu comes from my kitchen :D 
Is it strange to understand the fear that dwells inside a man ? 
Now is not the best time to get sick . 
suggestions anyone for a good mystery novel ? 
damn induction ceremonies ... I still have so much more studying to dig through 
Rat Palace on it's way ! :D 
Summer to-do list is HUGE . 
what a lovely afternoon ... too bad no one wants to go swimming :( 
Please allow me ... 
Last Final coming up hot ! 
God . < PROPFIRST > Rockwell , please dance into my room with the intention of hurting me . 
so damn tired of sanding wood ... 
Thirsty ... 
Earth was most fertile where the most death was . 
I need some help scanning large pictures for the internet ... either that or someone with a steady hand for taking pictures :( I'm incapable . 
God I had a dream that my friends were roasting rats on a fire to eat . No idea what else was going on .. 
Damnit ! My story has already been written before . I give up . 
so to all of you whom I've drawn a picture for ... would it be okay if I took a picture of said item for my new portfolio ? I give away like half of the stuff I draw so it's hard to start a portfolio with like 10 drawings ... pleease 
that wavy gravy got my head in a whirl 
reverend horton heat :D 
playing inklink :D 
I am tired 
< PROPFEMALE > loves to sit on my drawings . 
DRAGONS coming up hot ! 
My life is one ball of bad luck right now . 
I'm going to drown in the troubled waters , its coming round my soul , it's way beyond control . I must be one of the devil's daughters . 
I need music ! And are they in need of volunteers to clean up this oil spill or what ? 
fucking lost . 
So I realized that I've had these Chinese Ink Sticks- you just grind the blocks on an ink stone and it makes paint . :) 
Damn you , History Textbooks . Damn you . 
And I guess I'm not sure if it's fear that was born as those awful eyes laid their claim on us . 
Abracadabra ..... wait . 
Ok , so who is down for board game night this Tuesday at our apartment ? 
and oh my little darling , you won't be mine forever , you weren't made for me , you were made to be free 
Wow , so apparently everyone in The Cramps is dead . That is very depressing . 
I think I might of gotten struck by lightening last night- I'm not sure who is walking around today . 
Only in quiet waters do thing \ 
mirror themselves undistorted . Only in a quiet mind is adequate \ 
perception of the world . -- Hans Margolius 
The sacrifices are great , but the rewards are greater . 
Oh yeah , mother fucking Pixies September 22 Here in < PROPFIRST > ! 
whoooo wants to go to GBH , lcb , and krum bums toniightt ? 
look , mummy , no hands 
in the garage .. 
don't forget your pixies tickets today at 10 :) 
I have a huge bundle of HW to do ... don't tempt me to < PROPFEMALE > out with you . 
Come back from the grave and clean up your mess 
That was bullshit . 
I'm trying to nurse my troubles away . Last night I had a dream that my rat , Pink was holding up a sign to kill him and put him out of his misery . So I put my ear against his chest and listened to his concerned heart ... he seemed to be purring out his difficulties . So I asked him how he wanted me to kill him ... and I backed away from his chest to look into his eyes and he just .. coldly stared back . 
wow . I feel dumber after watching Television . And I want cupcakes now 
Try to fill the voids with knowledge 
Someone is failing . I < PROPFEMALE > the world's weight in my heart . 
You can say what you want but don't act like you care , it takes more than one person to know exactly what's fair ... now let it all drop 
Does anyone know anything about getting into an < PROPMALE > gallery ? 
Dance me to your beauty with a burning violin , dance me through the panic till I'm gathered safely in , dance me to the end of love . 
Try to set the night on fire 
I hate the internet as of right now . It's a source of so many of my problems . 
I'm sorry Kruger =( . I wish him luck . 
well , as of right now Kruger's made it out of surgery ... but he's still recovering . And I'm still shaky . 
Sinking slowly , ring by ring 
Hell yes < PROPMALE > Glass torrent ! 
I was her love , she was my < PROPFEMALE > , and now a thousand years between 
7 AM !? 
Finally some food stays down ! 
The only good thing about this cursed cereal is the milk . Bleh 
Oh baby , I was bound for Mexico , Oh baby , I was bound to let you go 
so hungry .. for good food .. 
wonder how tomorrow could ever follow today 
just don't know if I could roll into the sea again , just don't know if I could do it all again 
I would not eat them with a fox . 
mmm leftover < PROPMALE > & cheese for breakfast ... I'm living the elegant life . 
Break time ! 
madam mam's is CALLING me . 
I wish some of these flies would get stuck in my painting . 
I think that maybe everyone has given up on me ... 
Things I have loved I'm allowed to keep , I'll never know if I go to sleep 
groovy wiggly tails , horns on their head , all women are bad 
I never noticed how many famous actors are in < PROPFIRST > Darko before . 
yay for the end of this semester ! Boo for the start of a new one tomorrow . 
I'm bored Facebook ! 
The pixies are adding a second show in < PROPFIRST > for anyone who might have missed the sale ... it's September 21 ... 
Spoooooky crisps 
Predators :) In an hour . 
Man who Mistook his wife for a Hat Opera tomorrow :D 
that HP marathon ? Sort of happened hehe :D 
Investigate , interrogate , the inner self and plea . \ 
Imagine that , determination , with self control is free . \ 
This rhyme embeds within context the words to help you see . \ 
You need to know the answers to ... \ 
You need to see the suspects who\ 
Will help you to sort out confusions tomb , or buried you will be . \ 
\ 
-Anonymous 
I miss the little animals running around and being cute :) 
I solved the mystery ! Now i'm on par Clue , Sherlock Holmes , andd Scooby Doo ... 
Dissapointed my dreams aren't a reality . 
bored in the world 
I know what I want to be for Halloween . I think . 
Inception was grande . 
uuuuuuuggggggghhhhhhhhh 
I did not do good for that race . 
damn pup is noisy ! 
All the proud men turn to dust 
I cannot for the life of me figure out iTunes or my iPod . 
Moreover , a lout thrashing about in the clear waters of wisdom will dirty those waters for everyone else . So , a man seeking knowledge must be first tested to determine if he is worthy . 
so if anyone is down to come with us to the hot tub tonight , it's working again :) 
The difference between love and logic is that in the eyes of a lover , a toad can be a < PROPMALE > , whereas in the analysis of a logistician , the lover would have to prove that the toad was a < PROPMALE > , an enterprise destined to dull the shine of many a passion . 
She looks like the real thing , she tastes like the real thing 
Waiting for an approval on a house is quite unpleasant . 
yay we got approved for the hoousse :D 
I burned my last bagel in the oven . Time to write an essay . 
Those who believe in telekinetics , raise my hand ( < PROPMALE > Vonnegut ) 
Wet < PROPFIRST > . 
You can put the details in a letter , the more embarrassing , the better . Right now I can be happy if I choose to , I know that in the morning I will lose you . 
It sounds like the zoo outside my window 
Hankers after the world . 
I watched the fire that grew so low 
I will never drink again . 
This has never happened before . It's suspicious . It's peculiar . It's scary . 
Shit . I'm retarded . 
I want to slow down . 
He did not move . Eyes shut , he waited , shivering . He heard < PROPFIRST > breathe loud in the room ; he heard < PROPFIRST > shift his rifle , click the safety catch , and raise the weapon . There was a sound of thunder . 
What we don't understand we can make mean anything . 
Why is it so hard to write a script that isn't cheesy ? 
It's so hard to forget pain , but it's even harder to remember sweetness . \ 
We have no scar to show for happiness . We learn so little from peace . 
I'd like to stop being sick now , body . 
Moving with three people was Bad . But we did it in 2 hours :D 
Movie extra , all the way :D 
Ferrriday za thurdteenth ... 
Okay . Beach time 
And ... sometimes death is inevitable , yet still sad . 
feels alone 
Does the body rule the mind or does the mind rule the body ? 
wants to see new faces , and meet new people . And , yay for 4 day weekends ! 
Now that I'm done with yoga , I have nothing to do . 
To read or To < PROPFEMALE > out with friends ? 
And pain opinions are sitcom feeding , they don't know that their minds are teething , makes me want to give mankind a beating . 
I'm not going to live my life on one side of an ampersand . 
I AM EXCITED for the Pixies in 22 days . 
Today feels wonderful . I already want to start carving pumpkins 
Machete !!! 
I miss Pink , Confused , and Brain :( . 
Hey ! You can't snort the lord ! 
Sometimes I just wanna copy some else's status , word for word , and see if they notice . 
Someone has been performing the rain dance entirely all too much . But , whoever it is , I thank them for a spooky day at school . 
OK OK holy shit holy shit , the Dresden dolls are doing a reunion tour on NOV 21 HERE , which is literally a day after I'm seeing The Wall in < PROPFIRST > . Holy shit , holy shotttt 
I can't believe I don't know anyone who likes the Dresden Dolls . They're my favorite band . 
My dreams fix all my problems 
There's no way I'm not going to study abroad . Very exciting ! 
End is the only part of the word that I heard 
just got trolled . 
Since all matter is condensed light , light is the source , the cause of life . Therefore , light is divine . The flowers have a direct line to god that an evangelist would kill for . -Jitterbug Perfume 
Hopefully I can get a job . It might take a Satanic miracle though . 
Too much homework ! 
I am going . to be tired tomorrow . 
Everything's a mystery 
Why the hell is FB advertising breast feeding to me ?! Are they calling me a baby ? 
quick ! Good anime ( short series or film ) anyone ? 
Alright , different question . Which anime character should I be for Halloween ? 
UUUGUGGGHGHGHHGHHHHHh 
I closed my eyes for a second and it was 10:30 AM . 
It's hard to remember we're alive for the first time . It's hard to remember we're alive for the last time . 
PIXIES ! 
The Pixies were surreal . 
The never ending search for a job :( 
I can't settle for Texas State . 
I keep having dreams of old friends 
A gooooood night indeed 
waaarrrm peanut butter 
Does anyone know a local celebrity , expert , or layperson I could interview ( 10 < PROPFEMALE > ) for my Speech assignment ? 
Wow , I didn't do a thing today . 
I < PROPFEMALE > some ice cream 
Why must I fail ? 
Tarantino soundtrack discography :D 
I am ready for my blanket of dirt 
How many < PROPMALE > projects can you see ? 
Bored in the world 
Television rules the nation 
Satan had his companions , fellow-devils , to admire and encourage him ; but I am solitary and detested . 
I don't think telling any woman to forcibly insert an object into her anus is something that should go unpunished . 
51 degrees ? Feels good < PROPFIRST > , feels good . 
So I am downloading The Lord of the Rings Online . yup . 
Evil Dead Trilogy on the 17th ! I want you to come with me . 
So Death is not a Joyride is playing tonight for free ... but it's downtown , so I don't know haha 
If YOU know anything about old Gothic Rock , I'd like to have a conversation with you . 
Lonely 
Goal : Have enough of a selection to create a booth by next First Thursday . Obstacles : LOTRO and Honors Society . 
So there were cigarette butts all around the hot tub and the screen door broke . 
The prisoner who now stands before you was caught red handed showing feelings of an almost human nature 
So many stray cats running around our neighborhood 
I hate driving on Slaughter . It has some of the worst drivers . 
Rats are the hardest little creatures to take care of . Everything that could go wrong does :( 
does anyone know a joke about dreams ?... 
If you could decide to be a wizard , you probably would . 
Feels like I just fought a battle . 
Feels being sick coming on . 
No sleep ? I don't feel good ! 
I want to watch Sin City ? 
who wants to come watch 3 Gothic movies with me and my lit class on Thursday ? It's at 6 at RGC 
My cat would not shut up last night . I had to turn on the lights and pet her for like 30 minutes before she settled down and slept . Gee ! 
Trying to figure out when it all went downhill 
Why must no money and no job go together ? 
Well . 
The answer my friend is blowin in the wind 
What a spoooky night 
aw :( < PROPMALE > had an owner . How sad 
RAWR ! nO TImE tO StUDY mUsT pLAY LOTRO ! 
Communism was just a red herring 
Oh South Park . That was all too much . 
To dye or not to dye ? 
Ugh fff ! 
Hey here's an idea . If you want to make a short story into a film , make a short film ! And don't add in a bunch of plot that devalues the story . 
Everyone best be signing up for classes ! 
To be naughty or not to be ... 
GWAR simply kicked my ass . 
So , I'm so behind in schoolwork , it's ridiculous . Sorry if I don't < PROPFEMALE > out with you :( 
Finally finished that damn quilt ! Time to write :( 
My body still thinks it's 9 o'clock . 
Surely he'll get the hint . 
God why does my brain shut off when it's my turn to give a presentation 
Feed the grasses rain ! 
Gunna make some blackberry cobbler ! : 0 
and happiness is what you need so bad , well girl the answer lies with you 
what shall I persuade my Speech class to consider ! 
Is there anyone that can get me a job ? I don't care how demeaning it is . I just . need . a . job . 
Arrrgh 
I just got raped in LOTRO . LIfe is not good 
It is time for a change of pace . 
What do YOU think about standardized testing ? ( this will help me on my speech ) 
I at length drank in the hideous import of his words . 
So if anyone's up for a polar bear swim , my pools open till 10 PM , and there's never anyone in it :) 
Damn this paper to hell ! 
And as always , life is full of surprises . Gothic band playing at RGC for our honor's class at 3 if anyone's curious , or bored . 
The Wall ! And then the Dresden Dolls ! Oh yes . 
FUCK YEAH , The Wall was so amazing . Thank you < PROPMALE > Waters , Thank you . 
so someone stole my credit card . and tried to take 500 dollars out . 
If everyday were a Dresden Dolls concert ... 
\I put all of my starting attributes into butt warmth . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Medlock " 
Here I am , I'm not really there . 
REBEL against Black Friday ! :) 
My dream involved me getting a lot of dragon tattoos , then sleeping with the joker . 
And last night I was being chased by a man who led an army that shot up a school . He was playing some kind of game with me , I had to figure out the puzzle to continue to live onto the next puzzle ( sound like Die Hard ? ) 
When mountains crumble to the sea there would still be you and me 
Do not compare yourself to others . 
I fucked your girlfriend last night while you snored and drooled 
You fucking asshole , < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am so thankful that I've met reasonable people . 
Damn . Steampunk stuff is awesome ! It's too perfect . 
So , is there a reason for these cartoons ? Or are you guys just following without thought ??? 
Algebra Blows . 
Friends ? 
My god I do have candles . 6 of them . 6 rainbow candles which are meant to represent the different chakras . I am such a girl . 
Now the war is over , Mussolini's dead , he wants to go to Heaven with a crown upon his head , the Lord says no , he's got to stay below , all dressed up and no where to go . 
I have the weirdest headache . 
Yay recommendation letters ! 
So people , 19th we have a potluck at my house ? Yes ? Starting like 8 or so ? 
Man , I hate myself for this , this final is going to bomb :( 
:( 
Trying to find someone you'll never know\ 
Oh , sinking love\ 
On the cloud of unknowing \ 
Every satellite up here is watching\ 
Waiting to see what the morning brings 
I am so tired . 
It's all a waste of time again\ 
She used to mow the lawn 
So , I got a D in College Algebra . 
I give up . On everything . 
So , that whole keep your profile picture a cartoon for a month thing didn't last long . 
It's so hard to not care . 
It's like pulling out teeth . 
Never trust someone who can spit blood into a cup for days . 
You better be making your dishes ! 
So , if all goes well , I just got a job ! :) 
Hopefully this year I'll have a nightmare before Christmas . 
:) 
My new year's resolution : to cut back on sugar and sodas , to only eat at restaurants once a month , to buy healthier foods , to take the bus to school , to go to yoga twice a week , to make all As , to be completely selfless , to volunteer more , to find love , and to tap into my self and figure out what I really want from life and my future . 
My question < PROPFIRST > key is sticking ... what does this mean ?? 
Just ... breathe deeply . 
Feels a little heartbroken 
It's a day for the blues . :) 
I should have known ... that which used to bring me joy now brings me paralyzing fear ... 
Hello darkness , my old friend\ 
I've come to talk with you again 
If only I could become a lesbian . 
Workin ! 
Workin on New Years < PROPFEMALE > ... :/ 
I wish that certain people would stop being such assholes for no particular reason . 
Ready for the money , not ready for the rush . Ready to leave , not ready to go . 
We would be warm below the storm in our little hideaway beneath the waves 
And in the end it means I've bla bla bla bla bla bla bla . 
Singles rule the world , feeding on fresh blood 
I'm ready to start school ... 
Well , that was thoroughly frustrating . I just spent 10 hours at Texas State to sign up for 2 classes that I could have taken at ACC . 
When in doubt , anime . 
I will make Tira's costume . If it's the last thing I do . 
2 Eight-o-clock classes this semester ? Christ , < PROPFEMALE > . 
So , I'll just wear a potatoe sack , not < PROPFEMALE > out with anyone , and not talk to anyone I see . I think that'll solve some issues . 
I got curlies in me hair ! 
AAARRRG ! Does anyone know of a popular blogging website ? 
I miss ... a lot of things . 
Big class = no fun . 
My cat is always ... observing . She watches the wind intently .. maybe she's figured out all of life's mysteries . 
Rejected . 
I am so stupid . 
There is nothing like playing Bohemian Rhapsody loud in traffic . Singing along is an added bonus . 
Life is long , but these days seem longer . 
Flesh uncovered , after all . 
Curious who all is planning to go to Spring Love ?? 
jesus . 
< PROPFEMALE > café , s'il vous plait ... sans acide . 
Dye goo in my hair . Ready for yet another new beginning ... 
A nice day at the zoo , wouldn't you know ? 
Something feels incredibly wrong . Terribly wrong . 
This day is what I needed . Calm and cool weather 
Well I just want to officially say goodbye to Kruger . I got him around Halloween , he was a shy fellow at first but really warmed up to my petting , then he had a < PROPMALE > problem with his foot that cost me a great deal of savings .. we really connected during that time , but it probably took too much out of him and eventually died last Monday . I'll miss his cow spots on his belly and his passive personality . Ill miss ya Krugy 
Part of our fence fell down ! This is like a soft-core tornado . 
Yay , school's canceled ... but work is not . 
Also , squishable Cthulhu ? My , my FB ads . 
How did a difference become a disease ? 
That was a sloooow drive home ! 
Some parts of my past are just too good to have been true ... 
What is worse than being an idiot is being a blind idiot . And then finally learning the truth . 
So heads up couples , if you want a nice 5 course meal on Valentines day , you should come to the Diner I work at . Reservations are necessary , so you can just ask me about it if anyone is interested ... it's really great food and their < PROPFIRST>'s menu is special just for that night so it should be even better ! 
Alright , all I'm saying is god damn it . 
What will YOU write in the snow ? 
Damnit school , just tell me whether or not the 10 o'clock class is cancelled so I don't drive all the way up there for no reason at all . I would much rather prefer to stay at home and watch movies drinking hot chocolate . 
Hookah is up and running if anyone's interested :) 
And for a moment , why , I even touched the sky ... 
Ouch . 
Must ... never complain , must allow the colors inside me to show when there are lack of colors on my head , must keep smiling at the terrible little things , must reach into the boiling pot of life even if i burn my hand in doing so , must soak into lovely memories and understand that there will be more , in my darkest hour . 
When you're in lurrrve , you tip more . 
I almost want to delete this piece of shit . Making friendships all impersonal , tracking popularity , and offending people without intent . 
Bought me Spring Love ticket :D 
Then I realize the one man I'd love to date does not know that I exist . It's like gradeschool all over again . 
Just finished HP 6 . Sooo much better than 5 , let me tell you . 
The theory of forms : most interesting lecture in college to date . 
You're so vain , you probably think this post is about you 
This must be some kind of a joke . < PROPFEMALE > is laughing like mad behind the wheel . 
Arg no . I'm putting my foot down . No more favors for this guy . 
They use gelatin in non-digital film . Ugh , why is this world filled with animal products ? 
So . I REALLY need to go to the grocery store today . Yarg . 
One thing I can tell you is you've got to be free ! 
In just the same way , I fall back of my own accord into my old opinions , and dread being awakened , lest the toilsome wakefulness which follows upon a peaceful rest must be spent thenceforward not in the light but among the inextricable shadows of the difficulties now brought forward . ( Decartes ) 
I am thoroughly confused . If I had it my way , I would forever stay in a bubble of logic-of reason , sans emotion . 
I want to read all of my books in one night . 
Last night meant nothing to me , but I'm going to marry today and not consider tomorrow morning's feelings . 
Perfection is frozen , like a ripe fruit that never falls . 
Go to your profile . The first 5 friends in the sidebar are your team in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ 
< PROPMALE > Turek\ 
< PROPFIRST > Robert\ 
< PROPFIRST > Nunez\ 
< PROPFIRST > Groom\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Bryan\ 
I feel completely confident in my team . We've got a little of everything . We could make this work . 
My god . I am bored . 
Probably won't 
Sometimes i doubt your commitment to < PROPFEMALE > Motion ! 
I do not want to think about starting to wake at 630 here again soon . 
Is it weird that I feel like just driving around and listening to music ? 
I might be just like all the others , but I now want to join a Ren Faire . And sell magic to the people ! 
Hey guess what all I did for SXSW ? Saw < PROPFIRST>'s premiere , and that's all I needed to see . :D 
Wow . I should not drink coffee ever again . 
This thing , it's making me really happy . 
This other thing , it's making me really concerned . 
Retinas are bleeding for the enterprise \ 
Surgically wired into paradise 
Yes , < PROPFIRST > Cera and < PROPFIRST > Eisenberg are two different people , but only kind of . 
Mmmmm homemade homemades ! 
All I'm saying is , Rugrats is on Netflix . 
My room is so pretty and green :D 
Yay new laptop ! 
I feel like poop . 
\In a dark time 
So tired , good tired . 
If I were the < PROPFEMALE > , I'd be cool . 
I've successfully succeeded in success . 
read read read work work work test test test talk talk talk read read read watch watch watch listen listen listen work work work 
Who wants to live with a friend like < PROPFEMALE > ? 
wish I wrote this essay earlier :( \ 
wish I studied for these tests earlier :( \ 
wish my car wouldn't break\ 
wish my sculpture wasn't due\ 
wish my piercings wouldn't fall outt\ 
wish i didn't have to complain on FB 
Wishes to escape irrational thought . 
Place your body here\ 
Let your skin begin to blend itself with mine 
Rasta colored pasta brewin 
Will living by myself be terrible ? 
Her hand grows thick and fevered , heavy in my own , and I don't want her , but I want her , and I cannot let go . 
I lose myself in book . 
Too many potatoes in belly ! Also , I wonder if < PROPFIRST > Bowie will have a sparkly coffin ... 
Been listening to Indian Classical radio station on Pandora , mmmmn 
Day 1 of fasting went alright , how about day 2 ? hmm ... * thinks about veggie stir fry * 
Read your life as you write it . Self reflection and creation (: 
Wow ... just watched a cat get run over , he flew across the road like garbage into my < PROPFIRST > , looking petrified , and dead :( 
is having trouble juggling life . 
Ready for the night ! C'mon , < PROPFEMALE > , you bastard . 
Datsik , you win :D 
My mind's distracted and diffused \ 
My thoughts are many < PROPMALE > away\ 
They lie with you when you're asleep\ 
And kiss you when you start the day 
Man , I always hope for for some amazing intimate message when I see a 1 up there , but it's always like TECHNO PARTY METAL BEAT at 7AM . 
That cloud just brainwashed us ALL . 
adj ; flksjdfoweihfslkdjhfsd , fmxhdfiweufwlkdhfj ksjfhdjwlkejhsukeuwkalskjhfjsdk skdj skdjw skdj uhkjlak ewkjcm euiwioqoq eyu clock time ssssssometimes . 
The semester is almost done\ 
The summer is within reach\ 
I have things to sort through \ 
And things to create\ 
I need a new mad scientist lab\ 
And a rain from the gods to pass Algebra 
But are you really free ? 
Yes everyone , flock back to your home , < PROPFIRST > TX !! 
But when I awoke dear , I was mistaken\ 
So I < PROPMALE > my head and I cried 
Why all these conflicting specifications\ 
May be to prevent over-population\ 
All I know is that all around the nation\ 
The girls are crying and the boys are masterbating 
I will suck everything back into my heart so that you can breathe without constriction 
One more final/essay to go . Then we race ! 
