going to megs then hockey game :) 

is softbaallllll . 
is tired . 
is softballlllllll 
is outttaa herre :) 
is superrr tired ! 
is running . 
runningggg then party tonight :) 
movies laterrr ? 
moviessss 
softballlll 
sleeeeeeeeep 
more softballllll 
going to six flagggs :) 
soccer tryouts . 
soccer 5-8 
cleaninggg , wellness @ 5 
soccer 5-8 . 
bed , soccer in the morning 
soccerrr game @ brown . text paige :) 
nappppp ? andys later ! ;) 
soocer @ 3 . text paige :) 
game @ 330 :) 
softball practiceeee 
ap history outlining ? ewwwwwww . 
with bethanyyy ! 
! @#$%^&* 
football gameeeeee 
softball then beths laterrrr ? 
bed , school , soccerr . 
why can't i forget about youu ? 
homework foreverrrrrrrrrr 
marthas vineyard tomorrrrrow ; ) 
bio homework ? 
bruins :) 
< PROPMALE > potter <3333 
out for a little : ) 
vampire diaries <333 
softball in boston , then beths for the night : ) 
movieeeee 
softball practice 
what if today's as good as it gets ? 
' you make me smile like the sun ' 
knocked uppp : ) 
take back everything you ever said , you never meant a word of it . 
snow ?! 
bio lab ... 
out for a little , text ! 
packing , then new york for the weekend with megggk ! 
home : ) 
there's nothing you can't do . 
halloweeeeeen : ) 
foodfooodfood then football game : ) 
patriots : ) 
patriots ! text : ) 
adventurelandddddd 
since i'm not your everything , how about i be nothing 
sweet home alabama ! 
is getting really sick of people in her business 
\love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend . \"" 
visiting family for the weekendd 
jersey shore ! 
with bethaaanyy ! 
i love < PROPFEMALE > a whoooole lot ! :) 
what if it makes you laugh now , but cry as you fall asleep ? 
should've said no , baby and you might still have me 
SECRET LIFE 
a word's just a word ' til you mean what you say 
what if what i want makes you sad ? 
:) 
love me faster than the devil . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s for the night ! 
days come and go , but my feelings for you are forever . 
watch my face as I pretend to feel no pain . 
i don't remember you looking any better , then again i don't remember you . 
i don't care how comfortable your crocs are , you look like a dumbass . 
how come the only way to know how high you get me , is to see how far I fall 
stick your hand into my back pocket , light me up like a bottle rocket . 
good to know it's all a game , disappointment has a name . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s for the nighttttttt ! 
your words in my memory are like music to me . 
run me straight into the ground . 
You were always hard to hold , so letting go isn't easy . 
saints alllll the way 
don't everrrr look my way . 
lovessss hospitals and crutches ? 
with < PROPFEMALE > soon ! 
You're just a letdown , another one of my mistakes . 
Now I wait for the moment that there's no one left to see all the hurt that's inside me . 
While you're stabbing me in the back , you can kiss my ass too . 
Ouch-town population youuu bro 
Sorry , I'm allergic to bullshit . 
Good to know it's all a game , disappointment has a name . 
I don't want to fall asleep , because I don't want to wake up here again . 
feels like complete shittttt . 
\Color my life with the chaos of trouble . \"" 
\What am I supposed to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay ? \"" 
It's better if things aren't perfect , because then you know it's real . 
Did you fall down the ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down ? 
Life is too short , so love the one you got ' cause you might get run over or you might get shot 
If there's a prize for rotten judgement , I guess I've already won that . 
with < PROPFIRST > for the daay ! 
with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
BRUINSSSSSS :) 
Boston for the daaay ! 
Excuse me while I kiss the sky . 
with < PROPFEMALE > for the night :) 
can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? i could really use a wish right now . 
doctors :/ 
I'll be up up and away , up up and away , ' cause in the end they'll judge me anyway 
Man , everybody wanna be a critic . I have my life and I will live it ? 
Never regret something that once made you smile 
fml 
Surgery 
\Whatever you do in life will be insignificant . But it's very important that you do it . \"" 
Out with my lovely bestfriend :) 
“Sometimes we have to make our own mistakes until we finally understand for ourselves that knowing is better than wondering , that even the biggest failure , even the worst most intractable mistake beats the hell out of never trying . ” 
with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
with < PROPFEMALE > <3 
License ! <3333 
out with megggggy :) 
Some things never change . 
I ain't a killllaaa but don't pussh me 
With Meggy :) 
I act liike shit don't phaaase me , inside it drives me craazy 
With Meggy :) 
Softball finallly ! 
CELTICS ! 
wiiiith bethaaaany ! 
