sick 

I am glad to soon start off a new year and a new < PROPFEMALE > with everyone I love in my life ! Let's do it right this time ( if we haven't already) !!!! <3 
This new year is off to a great start ! I spent it surrounded by positive spiritual energy flowing through the happy tear-bringing beats of the native drums and with not an ounce of alcohol in my veins ! Happy new years to you all ! And , however spent , I hope it was good for you ! Love you <3 
Thank you a lot to those of you who spent the holiday with me and made it super wonderful ! you guys are great and I love you lots ! today was definitely filled with perfect memories :p goodnight , everyone , and I hope your holiday turned out well ! 
I've become addicted to Kingdom Hearts ! 
I'm sick of people who act as if they care , but they don't . I don't care about you only to be crapped all over , so please stop doing it to me ... I don't understand :/ 
wooooooo !!! getting my tattoo worked on , tomorrow ! it's going to be awwwwesome ! 
ouch ! my bumbum :/ 
school time ! first class of the day starts nooooooooow ! 
It's time to get serious ! Come down and help us at the Parks and Recreation Committee fight against the halt to Phase 2 of < PROPFIRST>'s Creek's restoration ! ( This Thursday at 7pm ! 10350 Torre Ave . Community Hall , Cupertino)I know you all love all this beautiful creek provides us ! Don't let it be lost ! <3 
R.I.P. my great aunt <3 
the parks and recreation board meeting went well !!! I'll post the site of where the video is ... I'm on tv yay ! ( nervousness galore ! ) 
I am Cherokee , I am African , I am Mexican , I am Jewish , I am < PROPFEMALE > , I am human surrounded by Nature . she is the tree by my side , the soil between my toes , the wind in my hair , my love ... One . Unification 
look for the beauty in everything and the bad will pass you by <3 
women ! don't let the media and society dictate what is beautiful ! you don't have to flash skin , be super thin , or pale to be lovely . it is in the heart and mind ! those who tell you different are victims of their own insecurities and biases ! I love you ! 
This morning , my heart soared with the birds I admired in coyote valley ! the greatest inspiration for peace lies upon the wings of the graceful . I love you <3 
I delight in guessing the names of songs before I look , admiring the birds who flutter about , smelling fresh onions in a mowed field , and saving bizarre words I my diary . when questioned about how much joy the heart can hold , I respond , ' infinity!' But , the amount of sorrow it can bare is far less ! 
applesauce 
STOP POCKET DIALING MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE fdsgdsfd ._. 
going to dance the night away at Bricks ! 
live each day in life to the best of your ability , because you never realize how short life is until it's over <3 
live simply so that others can simply live ! 
even with 0 guys in my life I am still having to call taxis !!! FML ... I woke up super late for work because I was up all night studying , had nightmares , and don't even remember my alarm going off ! 
