Women beware ! I was driving on hwy in < PROPFIRST > yesterday when a man in a truck followed me forever . He kept pointing to the back of my car and making hand gestures like my tire was coming off . I did not stop and eventually he gave up and exited . After i 

One more day and then a couple of hours tommorrow and I'm free for the weekend ! WHOO HOO ! 
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing . < PROPFEMALE > Keller 
Attended VISA gymnastics champinoships last night . Sr , men's competition . These men are really talented , however in my mind the whole night , I was mentally placing them in order from hottest to nottest ! LOL 
“When one realizes one is asleep , at that moment one is already half awake” G.I. Gurdjieff 
If you do not tell the truth about yourself you cannot tell it about other people . < PROPFEMALE > Woolf 
Enjoying the last day I am off for this Labor Day weekend . 
The pool party at my Dad's that I am missing ! )-: 
home 
Social Experiment : if you read this , even if we don't speak often or know each other that well , post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status , and you w ... ill be surprised what people remember about you ! If it's WAY embarassing ... ahh just post it anyway =) 
is thinking about the housework I am avoiding ... thanks to Facebook ! 
How is it that I get on my laptop to do something very important , like figure my budget for the whole year and I end up messing around on Facebook ? That is not part of my get organized resolution ! LOL 
< PROPFEMALE > To be unique in a positive way . To be unusual and eye-catching . Having eclective and desired qualities . Oh wow , those boots are so < PROPFEMALE > ! from urban dictionary.com 
My profile pic is my celebrity look alike , I'm sorry , I didn't realize that it didn't state that . I have been told by people all my life that I look like < PROPFEMALE > O'Neal . Thanks for all the compliments , too bad its not really me . Just picture < PROPFEMALE > about 30lbs heavier and then we might be twins ! LOL 
Ok , maybe 50 lbs heavier ! LOL 
< PROPFIRST > from Cool Tx has to win ! 
I was sick of being sick , but now I'm sick of my Iphone not posting my status about being sick . So maybe I'm just sick ! YES I AM WHINING ! I HATE being sick ! 
On the plus side , I can sing any < PROPFIRST > Nicks song and nail it . Definately have the raspy voice thing going on ! 
there are no rangers paraphernalia in Forney or < PROPFIRST > ! Even CVS was sold out ! 
Why does it cost a school $4000.00 to spread kindness ? I guess everything has a price now a days . 
I'm sick of being sick ! 
If a cellphone blows up on your face , why would u go take pictures of it at a public place , like your wife's work ? I would have gone straight to the hospital . 
Do I want to be a smurf or strawberry shortcake ? 
Android facebook app . Sux ! 
Had to eat piggies this morning for < PROPFEMALE > ! Yummy ! 
My snuggie isn't warm enuff ! 
News flash the gas company needs everyone to turn down their heaters because its cold outside . I swear that's what the email said from my natural gas company . 
And another news flash : insurance companies use your facebook info to deny you claims . If u say you're depressed or sick u can't look happy or well facebook ! 
Tmrw I'm going to put make up on and real clothes and pretend like I am going to see someone besides my dog and son . 
Gingerbread men . 
Have I mentioned lately that the android facebook app SUX ! 
Wow if you sit here and watch status updates on a Saturday night . You might get really bored . Only one update in like 30 minutes . Might I need a life ? 
Please like BnR Pitt Grill on Facebook its my family's newest business venture ! 
