is not being as productive as she had hoped she would be today . 

just got her OSF tix in the mail and has just bought her plane tix to Nashville -- I mean Knoxville ! :) 
is feeling sick and really wishes she were able to keep food and/or water down . :( 
is deciding what to do with her day 
is taking a looooooooooooong time on her syllabi . :/ 
is done with syllabi !! Now to have lunch and plot evening exploits . 
done on campus finally and heading back over the water . 
is home but not looking forward to grading papers . 
Does anyone want to see Zanna , Don't! at the Rep tonight ? I have an extra ticket !! :D 
is off tomorrow and has only 10 more days of getting up before 6 am ! yay ! 
is looking to escape the heat and the people . :) 
has lots to do before tomorrow but little drive to do it . 
is making very slow progress in writing this quiz . :/ 
Quiz has now been written . Now to decide : grade more papers or relax ? 
woke up with a wicked headache . Hoping it goes away before I get to work . 
headache is passing ( didn't go full migraine on me , thank goodness ) , but residual fatigue remains . Thanks for the well wishes . :) 
is getting a lot done on campus before heading over to Casa < PROPMALE > Mojito for a friend's birthday dinner ! 
home . exhausted . zzzzzzzzzzz . 
watching the Baz Luhrmann/Australian Opera production of La Boheme on video . The quality would be better on DVD , but I'll still be bawling like a baby at the end . 
is gonna go out and dance in the warm summer rain ! 
spoke too soon . Rain stopped as quickly as it had started . :( 
is pulling an all-nighter trying to get these papers graded . :( 
is going to be grading papers all day ! Fun ! 
is finally home after spending two hours on I-90 on Mercer Island . Whee . :) 
had a < PROPFEMALE > with dinner at Mama's and got a hangover four hours later . Getting old . :P 
is working late tonight . 
is hiding from the heat and crowds ( and is very sorry to Mali and < PROPFIRST > ) 
Finally some summer rain ! Sounds of raindrops hitting the leaves of the trees and bushes and the scent of ozone in the air .... 
has succeeded in making a tasty , miso-based , veggie and noodle soup ! 
is actually happy to be working late . It's nice and cool in this building . Leaving the Eastside around 9 tonight . 
happy to be home , but not happy that it's so friggin hot in here . I need air conditioning , or at least a fan . 
is wondering if classes could be held in a swimming pool somewhere .... 
just made spicy stir-fried veggies with Hunan Red Chili sauce ! 
is about to teach her last night class of the quarter ! Yay ! 
has that bittersweet end-of-quarter feeling . Heading home ! 
is up in the mountains for her sister's wedding weekend festivities ! 
is back home ! 
is enjoying her stay in Knoxville . 
is back in Seattle ! 
Das Vibenbass at the Triple Door tonight , anyone ? 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
would be super grateful to anyone who was going to be out and about in West Seattle today to bring her Pho ! 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are awesome with awesome sauce for emergency delivery of pho ! Thank you guys ! 
wishes she could kick this cold/flu right now so she could stay awake for more than 2 hours at a time and get grading done . 
finally feeling human again ! Now it's time to catch up on all the work I neglected when I was sick ! 
hey mafia-please ignore the \attack\ " ... hit the button by accident . " 
managed to slip and sprain (?) her ankle while getting off the bus this morning . Ouch . 
is eternally grateful to Mali !!! I'm so lucky to have such great friends . 
Mafia wars family : Thanks for backing me up in the war . I tried to reward you all but don't know if it worked . It was a nice surprise to see that although war had been declared while I was offline , it had also been won . Non-mafia family : don't forget you can hide these updates on your news feed by hiding the mafia wars application ( you don't have to hide me ) . 
Trying to decide what to do with my last real day of freedom for awhile . :) Anyone else off today ? 
Real day of freedom ended up being real day of errands and finishing syllabi . Oh well . :) 
< PROPMALE > Classes begin tomorrow . I am hoping to get to sleep soon so I can be in good form tomorrow . :) The first day of the quarter is always hard for me . 
< xara > 
Working ( replying to student posts on our class website and grading papers ) 
heading out for dinner and Crazyheart 
getting ready to head over for belated yule . Have a few stops to make on the way . 
stuffed with good food and back to grading papers . 
getting ready to walk up to the junction for record store day and other fun before I have to start grading 
Back from the junction/easy street , poorer in cash but richer in music . :) 
Had a lovely brunch at Spring Hill , but unfortunately have to ( really ! ) start grading now ! 
Grading train is running out of steam ..... 
back from grading at beveridge place .... think that will be my spot for awhile . :) 
RIP Guru . :( 
is up too late grading and now heading to bed 
would like to be in a better mood now , thanks . 
is almost ready to admit that a raclette grill is necessary for making good raclette . 
time for a morning walk ! 
midterm grading overload = stressed 
Dear Seattle Weather : Thank you for being < PROPFEMALE > and springlike for a couple of days . It really helps keep me in a better mood . Keep up the good work . 
is giving this stomachache no more than 6 hours to go away ( please ?! ) 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Hopper . Wish I had a copy of Easy Rider to watch in his memory . 
on hour 10 of grading this weekend , and still not halfway done . :( 
WOW ! Thanks for all of the birthday greetings ! I was not expecting the flood of warm thoughts . I'm so lucky to have you all in my life ! 
Three more days ! Hope I can dig my way out of these papers and presentations by then ! 
is wishing she could watch the USA-England game right now ... 
I hate to say it , but I was rather impressed with North Korea's performance today . Brasil ended up winning 2-1 , but they didn't play all that well . 
On the train back to seattle 
back home , comforting the kitties 
is contemplating a walk to Alki ... does anyone want to come ? 
Working on syllabi .... 
has sustained the first paper cut of the quarter . ouch ! 
Alas , no win for the U.S. today . Well-played , Ghana ! 
dinner tonight : sauteed cabbage with veggie \chorizo\ " ( chipotle field roast ) . om nom ! " 
Dishes and laundry done ? Check ! Condo vacuumed and bathroom cleaned ? Check ! Courses Planned/Calendars created ? Check ! I just might get to go out and play today after all ! 
Ok , the fourth was lovely , but have many papers to grade today . Anyone want to hit a coffeeshop/bar for a grading/study/read/relax session ? 
is hoping this headache she woke up with isn't going to turn into a migraine . :( 
Is at the tail end of the migraine ( I hope ! ) 
salutes all her friends/family doing the STP this weekend : < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > . F .... 
Happy Birthday to < PROPFEMALE > Rowland and to my Dad !! 
lazy dinner tonight : fresh green beans sauteed in brown butter and lemon juice . 
absolutely loves < PROPFIRST > ! Could easily live here . 
is in Brisbane and going to see wombats and koalas tomorrow ! 
is in Kybong at the Ostrycharz homestead and heading to Noosa soon . 
is getting better . Apologies if I owe you a phone call ... have been sick . 
Is sick for the second time this month . :( 
is ashamed that we still have to go to war with one another , but grateful for the sacrifices made by the men and women who serve . 
Good News : I'll have a bit more free time next quarter . Bad news : I'll have a lot less money . Ah the mixed blessing of lower enrollment . 
this post goes out to < PROPFIRST > , who can never read my posts for some reason . :) 
Happy Australia Day !! 
Saw Ravenna Woods , < PROPFEMALE > Ahn and DeVotchKa at the Paramount last night . What an amazing show ! Thanks , < PROPFEMALE > ( and < PROPFIRST > for post-show snacks ! ) ! 
