Ready to get back to skool tomorow 

It's amazing how you do so much for someone and they just turn around and smash it to pieces :-( 
Feeling like myself again , I so glad i got this weight off my chest . Let da cards fall where they may and hope for the best 
Soooo bored 
birthday this saturday . da big 1-8 
Thank goodness it's friday . birthday's tomorrow 
18th birthday today ! Somebody get me a lottery ticket . LOL 
back to skool tomorrow same ol same ol 
In English 111 booooooring !!!!! 
One more class at 2 and i'm outta here 
ready for da weekend 
watchin da < PROPMALE > Show 
bored at da house 
First practice today . i'm set & ready to go 
Man it's cold < PROPMALE > , time for sum hot soup . LOL 
Showing some sympathy for the friends of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . Who was tragically killed dis morning , October 16 , in a car crash . 
Been out ofthe hospital about 3 hours now , doin fine no pain . my apologies to the broadcast dept . 
Fall breaks here and i got to go to the doctor ... ugh . I just wanna go back to class 
I'm bout to start looking for a job again since it seems like i wont be back to skool for awhile 
Panthers won 16-6 . New Orleans still undefeated . a good day in football 
Did anybody see Kimbo Slice's comeback in his first official UFC bout last night against < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > ? It started slow but Kimbo won by unanimous decision . Judge 1 : 29-28 , Judge 2 : 29-28 , Judge 3 : 30-27 . but the slam Kimbo did to < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > in the 2nd round Stole the show . 
Got my mind on da money and i'm never letting go 
this shyt was all I know , you and me only , I did it all for you , still you were lonely , we could've worked it out but i guess things change it's funny how someone else's success brings pain when you're no longer involved that person has it all and you just stuck standing there - Drake 
wat da hell ??? sum jackass just knock our mailbox over 
I hope it snows all nite , but no ice , i don't want the power to go out 
Hope I get over this cold soon 
< PROPFEMALE > bored 
ugh I wish my parents would get off this bull-ish It's tha same ish everyday 
Please Help the People of Haiti : Make a Donation to Wyclef < PROPFIRST>'s Foundation Either you can use your cell phone to text “Yele” to 501501 , which will automatically donate $5 to the Yele Haiti Earthquake Fund ( it will be charged to your cell phone < PROPMALE > ) , or you can visit Yele.org and click on DONATE 
finally got a job :-D 
I'm so hungry my stomach sounds like a caged lion 
No matter how many times I get burned , Or go up in flames I rise from the ashes , so call me the phoenix 
So much for a wintry mix , It's a straight up snow storm at my house 
went to Apex yesterday , in the snow . 
I am exhausted from being outside ! Oh , does anybody know if the probowl is on tonite ? 
Watching the ProBowl . COME ON NFC ! 
Starting my job tomorrow , wish me luck 
Man NFC lost the ProBowl sunday ... damn ! They didn't show the rap categories for the grammy's either , they presented all those awards before the show went on the air , bastards 
About to hop in the shower and get ready to go to work . ^Go Saints ! ^ 
This weather SUCKS ! 
Just got off work 2 hrs ago I am exhausted ! 
I was at work last nite and some guy called in , I think he was drunk at a party , asked for a delivery , and the instructions said to come to the side door and say the \magic word\ " the magic word was \ " got your damn peppers\ " ... Don't you just love drunk people ? I felt sorry for the delivery guy . " 
YEAH !!!!!!!!!!! SAINTS TOUCHDOWN !!!!!!! 24-17 !!! WHO DAT 
yeah safety 24-17 
Interception yeah ! 31-17 
SAINTS WIN ! SAINTS WIN ! IN YOUR FACE < PROPMALE > !!! 
WHO DAT ? < PROPFIRST > DAT ! WHO DAT ? < PROPFIRST > DAT ! 
\Great news for New Orleans at the Super Bowl ! I heard FEMA plans to show up and congratulate them in about three weeks . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > " 
Just got home from work , holy shyt ! this snow is getting old ! The first one was nice but any more than that is too much ! 
Just got home from the gym 
Just Installed my MagicJack Phone 
Watchin \Cabin Fever\ " this is some sick shytt " 
A \Robber\ " just wants MONEY . A \ " Coward\ " just wants HEART . A \ " Lame\ " just wants 2 be Cool . An a HATER just wants 2 be ME !!!! " 
I got my shytt straight , sum shytt off my chest . I done gone ghost on this bytch , you no longer exist in my world B . You just a buzz in my ear . It's M.O.B. 4-Lyfe , I don't mind chillin ladies , but you fukk up my cashflow you outta here . On to the next one B 
Wat happened to respect ? All this shytt about bein real and all that is a fukkin lie . nobody respects nobody no more . Everybody laughin behind sumone's bakk . I guess I'm just the last of a dying breed 
Dammit !!!!!! my TV is fukk'd up again , I can't watch Boondocks , ATL , or nuthin ! So mad I could snap my remote in two with my bare hands ... oops 
Going to work at 5:30 
I'm feelin myself rite now , there aint nobody that can bring me down , nahmean 
Damn I'm bored ! Hit me up 
Money is tight rite now , I can't wait to get my paycheck . 
not looking forward to tomorrow 
Ugh ... I have to be stukk home tomorrow lookin after my stepdad , since he fell 15 ft . from a tree today and broke his shoulder . thank god for my first-responder training . 
I want my digital camera bakk 
got a new cell 
Just got done eating sum KFC , 
I have 4 cell phones but I only use 1 
DAMN ... DAMN ... DAAAAAMN !!! < PROPMALE > GOT POPPED !!! lol 
Spent 2 hours under my car fixing the exhaust system , when i got out , I was black all over . If it's broke , I'll fix it . 
Spent the day watchin LeBron < PROPFIRST > get knocked on his azz by KG and Kobe get skool'd by sum guy from < PROPFEMALE > 
thank god the A/C is bakk on ! It was 80 degrees for 3 hours ! 
Please ask me anything , send me anonymous questions ! make sure to click the link : http://ama.honestybox.com/i/100000270830802 
Feelin terrible ... 
Let's go Butler ! anybody but Duke ! rootin for tha underdawg 
Tip-off to Butler ! 
Butler leads !!! 
Dam this game is physical !!!!!!!!! 
DUKE got lucky >:-( 
OMG ! < PROPFEMALE > Pyrtle just called me a wigger ! I'm so hurt ! LMFAO Don't you just love how ignorant , anti-obama , republicans resort to childish name-calling when someone trumps them . you cannot have an Intellectual conversation with a person who relies on FOX News as there most reliable source for current events . Fox News , A channel that condones racial stereotypes , hatred , fear-mongoring , and Ignorance . way to go CP 
I am so thru feeding into peoples ignorance . all it does is gets them mad , and me mad . Lyfe is too fukkin short people !!!!!!!!!!! 
Not goin anywhere ' til 5 . In chill mode 
I hope it doesn't get to bad tonite 
My mom thinks her days off are an excuse to snoop thru all my stuff . Thank God tha only thing I had stashed away were some Reese's Cups . lol 
Missin out on anotha party ... FTW 
Just got thru watchin ' the < PROPFIRST > Gotti Jr. interview on \60 Minutes \"" 
Sittin and chillin ' watchin Juice 
After Winter , must come Spring , Everything is Everything . -- < PROPFEMALE > Hill 
QOTD : \You can't hate the roots of a tree and not hate the tree . You cant hate the origin and not end up hating yourself . \ " - < PROPMALE > X " 
Woke up at 1:30 in da afternoon with a don't give a fukk attitude . ya gotta love it ! 
Finally got the pool ready , definitely havin a party this summer 
QOTD : \Pretend you are dead and you will see who really loves you . \ " -Bamoun proverb " 
Got off of work at 12:30 last nite after getting in at 4:30 . Bakk at it again today . 
I WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR THE NEXT 24 HRS . You can ask me one question , ONE question only and only via my inbox ... - ( All questions to my inbox please , do not ask on my < PROPFEMALE > ) ... Any question ... regardless how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is , it WILL be answered no matter what . You have my FULL HONESTY , but I ... ... DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get asked ... Go for it ! 
Chill MODE 
QOTD : \A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything . \ " - < PROPMALE > X " 
My compter's in the shop , I guess I'll be going to the library for awhile until they fix it . :( 
Well my computer is a total loss . They were only able to save the hard drive . dammit , there goes another paycheck 
Where LeBron gonna be at next year ? That's the big question , but I don't care kuz Boston is in the eastern conference title game . We goin all the way again ! 
Thinking bout sum things ... shytt going on I had no intention of getting into yet 
Got straight tipsy last nite ! So much fun ! 3 shots of Burnett's , 5 shots of Nuvo , 3 shots of Grey Goose , 3 more shots of Burnett's , and topped it of with a can of < PROPMALE > . Drinkin straight , no chasers . Felt so good ! 
I can't take this anymore ... I'm a prisoner in my own house ! I gotta get outta here b4 I lose my fukkin mind !!! damn my stepdad he's gone too damn far !! 
Just bakk from tha beach . wish i coulda stayed there . 
Sooo Bored 
Damn ! I could've been at a party ! I forgot all about it . Just sittin here bored now . Fml$ T.Y. Money 
Took my girl out today . We're riding in da car and i look over and she's cryin . I almost pulled over , i asked her wats wrong and she looks at me and says , \i'm " 
Good Morning world 
can't wait til my new phone arrives monday . reconnect wit da outside world 
work tonite 
Just got bakk from da game . JM has changed alot since ' 09 
Watchin CNN . Click like if you support freedom for the people of Egypt 
kudos to the asshole who backed into my car . Fml XP 
went to the club saturday night , chilled yesterday , now I'm just bored as hell 
Chillin ' in Chapel Hill , Kildare's < PROPFEMALE > Pub all night ! 
just got home from work 
ugh ... Another rainy day 
ugh just got home from work , it's 1:25 am . Damn what a night ! So tired 
Another long night at work . Tomorrow is Superbowl Sunday , an even longer night 
Superbowl Sunday . Domino's is gonna be busy !!! 
congrads to the Packers , it's been a long time coming and well earned 
all the cooll people , party at < PROPFEMALE > mcniells 
< PROPFEMALE>'s chapel hill . Fat tuesday !!! 
R.I.P. Nate Dogg 
