missing life in < PROPMALE > and afraid of what the future down here in san < PROPMALE > holds ... 

getting ready to go kayaking at mission bay 
time to go kayaking at la jolla sea caves this time 
back from the beach and really really missing my man . 
i make awesome boozie smoothiez !! haha 
one week til i visit oregon ! anyone miss me ? lol 
again , i tried , and again i failed . but for some reason this time felt different , in a good way . 
sleepy sleepy ..... speech and psychology tomorrow . college is fun . lol 
... why oh why does my mouth hurt so much ?... oh yeah i'm a wuss . lol . and i'm low on vicodin . 
so happy that i get to be here with my favorite person 
moo 
f#$k 
sleep ... :) 
sleep ... oh how i wish you could come to me . 
too much on my mind i don't think i'm going to be able to sleep tonight .. 
why do the nice guys have to be so annoying ? i don't know why but they always get on my nerves after awhile .. lol 
Just got back from seeing BROTHERS . I can't remember the last time i've seen a movie so depressing . But it was really good . 
good morning :) time to get ready for class :( lol 
kinda sleepy , time for swimming . lol 
it's 6:30 am , time to go swimming :) 
hmm ... 7 days until my birthday . woohoo 
night night . gotta get up early for swimming .. * sleepy sleepy sleepy sleepy*zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
DOne uploading peektures .. time 2 catch some zzz's . 
boredom ... i'm gonna go play on the wii for a bit .. and maybe eat something too . lol 
Its like a freakin monsoon outside my house . NO me gusta la lluvia . 
Just watched a movie called pathology . very interesting , twisted and very very gruesome . 
NIGHT !!! 
bed time ! lol . gotta be u0p at 6 and in the pool at 7 . :D zzzzzz .... 
well the pool sure was refreshing(COLD ) this morning ! lol . And we started doing breastroke today . i am sooooo sore . 
i found a hard lump on the side my skull that feels like extra bone or something weird and i have no idea what it is . woohoo ! 
zzzzzzzz .... 
What do you do/say when someone apologizes to you ? Deflect it ? Approve it ? Counter-apologize ? Ignore it ? Refuse it ? 
bed ... i'm not tired but i have to get up early . so goodnight everyone and sweet dreams 
yay daylight saving time . lol . gotta love it .. 
time for humanities ! 
off to pick up mi madre from her work ... woohoo 
Baby is a bad boy with some retro sneakers . Let's go see The Killers and make out in the bleachers . I like you a lot lot , think you're really hot hot :D 
time for the zoo with my mom sister and sis's significant other . woohoo 
She's got you high and you don't even know yet . The sun's in the sky , it makes for happy endings . You can't deny you want a happy ending . 
bummed out . today's been crap so far 
hmm ... i need to download some music . I'm tired of the stuff i have . Anybody got ideas ? 
TOPEKA ? lol 
just got back from seeing Clash of the Titans :D 
time for swimming ... so sleeeepy . 
oddly energized .. swimming in the rain = my new favorite 
i <3 swimming in the rain 
i smell like a swimming pool . time for a shower . lol . damn chlorine . 
Sleepy sleepy sleepy 
just found out my grandma < PROPFEMALE > has liver cancer and doesnt have much time left .. so i'm going up to oregon in the next week or two to see her . She's the only grandma I have left .... <3 
going to bed , probably won't get much sleep tonight . 
majorly bummed out . i need to get my mind off everything thats been going on . 
just watched pirate radio . made my night . along with my < PROPFEMALE > dr. pepper and rum . yup . don't drink kids its bad for you . lol . 
hmm 2:45 i should probably go to bed .. 
i'll be in oregon the 24th-27th 
time to go swimming !!! 
Time for sociology . 2 more days til OR . 
sleep , gotta be at the airport at 615am woohoo . 
i'm awake i'm awake i'm awake . lol . time to go to the airport . 
just got on the plane . and now i await takeoff . 
the seattle airport is so booring . cant wait til i board in an hour and finally get to portland 
goin back to cali tonight .. i dont wanna leave :( 
A unicorn isn't a unicorn , it's a donkey with a plunger stuck to its face ! ( haha , i love HOUSE ) 
9 out of 18 done . only a couple more hours and hopefully ill be finished with this stupid project . 
ALMOST THERE !!! my eyes are so dry . 
time to go find a mothers day gift for my mom . 
sociology final in about an hour . woohoo 
SoFreakinBored .... 
had an awesome day !!! :) now time for sleep 
my zune officially doesn't work anymore :( 
boredom ... going crazy 
And now I must sleep 
( JULY THIRD ) ... mark it on your calenders ppl . That's when i'll be in Oregon . :D 
bored , probably gonna go read a book or exercise , or both . might go to the pool after , who knows . 
Of all of our losses , time is the most \ 
irrecuperable , for it can never be redeemed . 
Can't sleep 
Gandhi said that whatever you do in life will be insignificant . But it's\ 
very important that you do it . I tend to agree with the first part . 
wax on . wax off . 
2 MORE DAYS TIL I HEAD TO OREGON !!! WOOHOO :D 
Less than 24 hrs til the road trip to OR starts !!! :) 
Made it into Oregon early this morning . Went to parade in Hillsboro , and now staying the next night or two in Fairview . May go camping from the 5th-7th and then off to McMinnville for the remaining days of my visit . woohoo . ( i'll be here until about the 14th ) 
i'm gonna soak those potty fingers in soap .. 
In fairview for a few more hours , and then off to McMinnville ... hopefully 
I HATE ALLERGIES !!! 
done registering for my fall classes . that was a pain in the butt . 
a rainbow toga and awesome club ! this is gonna be an amazing night ! 
Yay !! I can officially drive a stick , and quite well .. so far . lol . I LOVE my new car . pics up soon :) 
< PROPFIRST > is most definitely the most awesomest person ever ! :) 
so happy happy happy :) 
Back in San < PROPMALE > !! Had an awesome weekend with my bestie . I'm glad she came with on the road trip down and stayed for a couple days , and now shes on a plane back to Oregon . Overall amazing vacation . Missing my man a lot <3 
Missing them <3 
Time for bed ... \ 
i miss my < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and my linzypoo :( 
nighty night . 
Missing my bestie and my man .. 
Baby goodnight ... simple words , but they mean a lot to me . That's as good as a goodnight can be ... <3 
well , i survived my first day of the fall semester woohoo .. 
It’s been so long now\ 
\ 
Since I gave up my heart\ 
I’ve kept it locked down\ 
I don’t wanna get it harmed\ 
So let me tell you now\ 
I just want to be sure\ 
That you won’t hurt me\ 
Can you promise me that ? \ 
<3<3<3 \ 
... Because I’m falling in love again\ 
Ain’t nothing I can do\ 
Falling in love again \ 
This time it’s with you\ 
When I fall\ 
It’s always the same .. \ 
And I’m so tired\ 
Of playing this game oh .. \ 
<3<3<3 
one class left for the day from 1245-1410 , and then my weekend shall begin ! :D 
had a goodnight overall , but i'm really missing my man . its not the same w/o him .. <3 
it sucks bein here now , i'm so alone all of the time and even when i'm not all i can think about is how much i miss it in oregon . the people the place , everything ... 
yay for 4 day weekends ! and homework ! lol 
Lonely Road --- Everlast . Good song . 
nice day out , lots of homework , and no motivation to do it . 
goodnight my loves 
Little Lion Man by Mumford and Sons , can't get it out of my head . lol 
so close to finishing my outfit for the nocturnal festival !!! 
wish i could go back to this weekend , everything was so much better !! 
one more < PROPMALE > , don't screw it up 
so bored .. nothing to do , nowhere to go .. sad day . 
Laser tag was awesome tonight , even though i sucked . lol . Now I must sleep . 
This , was broken from the start\ 
The blueprint had no art\ 
The architect of love \ 
Does not remember us ... 
Had a fun weekend and now i'm sick , this sucks . 
so tired of being sick ... 
Sister is at the airport getting picked up by the fam . The next 2 weeks with her shall be very interesting . I hope I don't go crazy ! 
Oh Humanities , why must I have your midterm tomorrow !? 
Bored Bored Bored .... what to do what to do ... hmmm ... \ 
lol 
mmm poptart 
if someone came and saved me from my boredom right now , i would be eternally grateful . lol 
4 more days til Oregon 
Leaving tomorrow to go to OR for a week . I hate packing , because I always try to bring more than what can actually fit into my bag . lol . 
Finished packing and got my bag zipped shut , barely . Going for coffee w/ my mom and then off to the airport . You have all been warned , here I come . And as for everyone down here in Cali , I'll be back next Friday night :) 
Made it to Oregon alright . Watched Captain < PROPMALE > last night . Trying to figure out what to do today ! lol 
Missing someone lots , but I'm still having an awesome time up in Oregon , minus the dentist part . Gonna have a girls night with my bestie :) 
Extremely tired of immature drama and bs . So I'm just going to spend the rest of my trip with family . 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody !!! 
happy happy happy , i just found my ring that i lost like 2 years ago !!! 
cosmic bowling tonight can't wait ! lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my awesome friends and family :) Hope your day has been amazing , I know mine has :D 
almost done with laundry ! it's taken almost all day . lol . 
camping tomorrow ! i\m so excited :D " 
had an awesome camping trip with the boyfriend , but i'm glad to be back home :) 
lost my cell phone a few hours ago , this sucks . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day Everyone ! <3 
Just got my replacement phone . Please send me your phone < PROPFIRST > , because i don't have anyone's anymore . 
please send me your phone < PROPFIRST > everyone . i dont have any anymore . 
still in need of everyone's phone < PROPFIRST > . i have about 7 now . come on ppl . lol 
Thank you everyone , I had an awesome birthday :) 
oohhhhh just got a rebuttle !!!!! wish me luck ! 
can't wait til tuesday when we get internet at the new place , tired of coming to the old place to do online homework . lol 
finally uploaded some new pics . woohoo . 
