Hooray Facebook ! 

Just kind of adding people who hopefully know me haha . 
Just went to the museum wooo 
I love rain . Almost enough to make me forget about PSAT's 
HOORAY weekend ! i like sleeping in . 
i have homework i should be doing but i really don't want to do it .... 
I'm slowly going crazy .... being hyper , sick and tired at the same time is not a good combination . 
I think I've found the first person to make me really , truly angry ... And slightly scared walking home . 
Oh well , hooray three day weekends ! I'm glad the week is over , it's felt like Friday all day . 
It's 7:24 and it's pitch black outside ... i think we switched to daylight savings too early because now there is no daylight after 5pm . 
Trying to do Tale of Two Cities DEJ's ... ugh . Why did I procrastinate ? now I have 35-ish chapters to do . 
A very productive day of filming . 
Hoorah snow ! And I saw New < PROPFEMALE > today . I couldn't help laughing at one part even though I knew I wasn't supposed to . 
I can sleep in for FOUR days , hooraaaayyyyy ! 
mmm thanksgiving ... now to eat leftovers for a week . 
While everyone else was waking up early for Black Friday , I slept in until 1:30 hah ... Now going to see that Trans-Siberian Orchestra in a few minutes ... My dad got box tickets somehow 
Well that audition wasn't that great ... 
' 89.8% B 1st period CHEMISTRY ' are you serious 89.8 . curse you . 2 percent . 
Do people still play FarmVille ? I feel like I got into it when everyone else got out of it haha ... 
i will join in this HOORAY SNOW DAY business . Snow day's are cool though . I wonder what would happen if we got two snow days ...? the storm is still going strong up here . 
This essay better be due on Monday because I didn't do it tonight ... 
I do not like writing this poem ... At least give me a theme or something to work off Mrs West , I can't just write a poem about anything and not think ' Am I doing this wrong ?? ' 
It's the first day of Winter Break and I have nothing to do already .... wow . 
< PROPFEMALE > AND THE FROG WAS SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CUTE OH MY GOSH . Why can't < PROPFEMALE > tales be real ?! 
I'm in Washington woo :D And it's Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , yes i will join in everyone saying YAY CHRISTMAS < PROPFEMALE > . 
i have no idea why becoming a fan of things is very entertaining ..... 
i do not get this color posting craze at all . 
Instead of studying for finals I have spent the last hour remodelling my farm on Farmville . Good job < PROPFEMALE > . 
has an 89.8 in Chem after the final AND the final curve . Are you kidding me :/ 
Exciting day .... Half-breaking my ankle and getting people to < PROPFEMALE > me around hoorah 
Finally Solo and Ensemble is done ..... glad that's over with finally . 
Hooray for orchestra trip tomorrow :D it better rain in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .... 
Best orchestra trip ever , k . 
The most logicial thing for me to eat during the snow : ice cream . 
doesn't know what science class to take next year .... 
English essays are the best way to spend a Sunday with nice weather after having rain and snow all week . 
it is hard to sleep when your parents are watching a movie in surround sound that consists of loud gunshots and explosions .... 
i do not like these ' reading activity ' things . 
is now permitted to drive . o: 
has finished the resume ... now all I need is a cover letter and thank you letter . Great . 
It should be Spring Break already , not another week of school . 
did anyone else's power go out for like 5 seconds right then or was that just us ...................... 
One more day ..... 
Off to the airport .... have a good Spring Break everyone :D 
My Sisters Keeper = biggest cryfest holy crap . 
I think I am a bad weather bringer ... When I'm in Seattle it's < PROPFEMALE > , I go to Southern Califonia and it's rainy ahaha . Well , I like the rain . 
I just love Southern California traffic . 
Back in Reno ..... hooray ? 
I am incredibly bored and I have absolutely no idea what I to do , but I don't feel like doing the pile of homework I should be doing at a time like this . 
I don't care if it snows every May , it never ceases to amaze me when it does . I can barely see out the window in front of me there's so much white . 
I feel accomplished since I just slept for almost 13 hours . 
Apparently there was a moth on my ceiling . I'm just laying in bed trying to fall asleep , unaware of said moth , when I hear a weird buzz . Next thing I know there's a dead moth on my face . \ 
This would happen to me at 1:54 am . \ 
Now I don't want to fall asleep because a moth might DIE and ATTACK MY FACE . 
The weather just went from normal , to raining , to violent pouring rain with some hail mixed in , some thunder right above my house , rain stopping and more thunder , raining on one side of the house , some far away thunder , to back to normal in the last ten minutes . \ 
This is why I don't get up at 5am . 
Vuvuzela bug : DESTROYED ( hopefully ... unless it flew away again ) I don't know what this bug even is , but it just started buzzing like one of those Vuvuzela's last night so that's what it's called now . 
Thunder and rain , hoorah !! Although I could do without the wind , but any change is welcome from the heat . 
FINALLY , PROFICIENCY SCORES HOORAY it only took like four months . 
I'm trying to think of one productive thing I did today , but my mind is drawing a blank . 
wait wait its August already ? where the heck did July go ? 
I got Koshy for history , hooray !!!! :D Except I'm not going to be here next week to get the textbook , pfft , that's typical . 
Off to the airport ! ..... at 5:30 in the morning . I forgot how much I hate being up early . 
This place has popcorn instead of like , chips , for a starter . THIS IS AMAZING . 
Today was a good day :D ( I am totally going to Facebook-spam photos with my fabulous new pink camera when I get back home ) 
We go to Seattle and it's unusually hot and completely < PROPFEMALE > outside . I think the weather is trying to conspire against me . 
Goodbye record setting Canadian weather ... I'm not sure if I will miss it or not . 
I get my braces off in September !! :D 
Schedules yes\ 
0-Orchestra/Baker\ 
1-Trig/Leininger\ 
2-AP Environmental/McMurray\ 
3-Art 3-4/Urioste\ 
4-AP English/Tuso\ 
5-AP US History/Koshy\ 
6-Off-Campus\ 
Lame Off-Campus . 
Alright summer assignments , I WILL DESTROY YOU TODAY . 
This project IS DONE !!! That only took like six hours jeez . 
I never want to draw a butterfly ever again . 
I HATE BUGS . A LOT . 
11/26/99 to 9/23/10 <3 
My room is clean . It's kind of weird . 
The fact that it's raining and there aren't a whole bunch of IT'S RAINING ! facebook posts all up in my newsfeed must be evidence of how much it's rained lately . Rain is not newsworthy anymore . 
And thus we depart for Disneyland . And the eight hour drive that accompanies it . 
So the water bubble in my wall looks like a ghost demon thing . I am now scared to sleep . Yes , I am that pathetic . 
