will be looking for a new roommate shortly . 

if the world stopped spinning , would it still suck ? 
if you were a superhero , who would it be ? 
Hmm . simple words . i Wuv ya with an L . \ 
If my heart can scream it'd have its own band . \ 
some days loneliness eats you to the bone . then gnaws at it for a while . \ 
The feeling of worthlessness isn't one to be trifled with by yourself . bring friends n . n\ 
some days shes my world . other days , my universe , but now shes my vanity . \ 
I love my mind . it's creative , and stingy . all mine . :P 
You aren't that same girl that I fell in love with years ago . Now your this girl that i fall in love with every day . ~ Devon M ~ unanimously 
things that drive one insane also can be the end of themselves . 
exile breaths heavily down the neck of the burdened sun as the night approaches its glorious moment , where its time to shine begins till its moments arrived to leave the endless sky . 
its story time . for all you that ive told . you know what i mean ;) 
True love doesn't have a happy ending , it's because true love doesn't have an ending . 
Thank you everyone for wishing me a happy birthday n.n it really means a lot ! 
Ralates to the music of linkin park . 
Frisbee golfing with < PROPFEMALE > , anyone else want to go txt or call me , 352 318 6136 
I'm flying ! I'm flying ! Quick ! Flying Tacos ! Evasive maneuvers ! no worries i got's my ROFLCOPTER . B-) 
All I've ever wanted was an honest week's pay for an honest day's work . 
if i were to turn back time , it would have to be when i was the happiest .. a few years ago . when i had a reason to be happy . how about everyone else T.T ? 
much groove for an epic move . 
I've been told i look like many different types of movie stars .. im just curious of who thinks i look like someone and who ? 
Tron Legacy sends exciting tingles down my spine . 
woot rain . such a wonderful piece of relaxation , wait fu*k i left my windows down , \damn you nature ! \ " >.<#" 
if only i had a leash and 60 foot of red-vine with 2 gallons of pudding and a freezer full of blueberry waffles , on a pedal powered go-cart with a sun roof .. id be set . 
i just Love how there is no one on at 7am :P . \Friends Online - No one is online . \ " \ 
Why be difficult when with a bit of effort you can be impossible ! 
so .. im having my hair dyed .. i wonder what it'll look like . 
HAHA ! awesomeness . 
If at first you don't succeed , destroy all evidence you tried . 
Haikus are easy . But sometimes they don't make sense . Refrigerator . 
Who was the first to see a cow and think \I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out ? \ " o . 0 ? " 
I'll have to think twice about it before I give it a second thought . 
As I said before , I never repeat myself . 
Error . Keyboard not found . Press any key to continue ... 
They say hard work never hurts anybody , but why take the < PROPMALE > ? 
I DESTROY ZOMBIES WITH HUGS ! <3 
AHH ! the evil chibi penguins are attacking me with melted fuzzy gummybears ! 
YAY i have successfully moved my battery to my trunk and running it from there . unfortunately im still unable to drive legally u.u. but progress is made and happy am I :D now for a well deserved shower ;P 
going on a jpeg walk i found some interesting pictures lol . 
Gaining awesomeness EXP points . one day at a time . 
want to know what heaven is ? try my pancakes :D 
Consciousness : that annoying time between naps . fortunately , im napping :D 
I had the best nap of my life , to bad i slept through it ;) 
Is now the title of IA Robot . 
i love these dreams i keep on having . they give me nightmares . 
Ahh damn . I woke up early again . Prolly gonna play a game or watch something till I crash again . 
what a day what a day . absolutely nothing bad happened at walmart today , how miserable . no one was trampled . no fights , no broken faces . how sad . :D 
is happy :3 
Insert coin to view my status message . 
i had a nightmare . i was dreaming about sleeping , then this horrible thing happened . i woke up . 
the animated revolution ! 
is taking a lazy day for himself :D 
lost my headphones not to long ago . i found em today ! :D needless to say theyre clean and still work after being in a washer . 
If life hands you lemons , don't bother making lemonade ... just pelt them at someone you don't like ! 
WOOT haircut , still awake :P shower , then bed . ohh yes . bed . MMmm bed ~ drools ~ 
I feel a bit chiiper today :D 
LMAO looking for music . i come across some of the funniest things >.< 
Is falling asleep at mcd's waiting for the postoffice to open :/ music is my anti-derp :D 
still looking for a roommate so im checking on here first before i try craigslist or something else :/ 
I love being a geek <3 :D 
