Two best friends come home on the same day ?? You gotta be shittin ' me . Cannot wait . =) 

is restless . Gonna go to Walmart like a big L.O.S.E.R. 
I'm doomed . Never even started my paper . English starts in 30 minutes . And I'm on Facebook instead of working on it . 
Just got off work , going back at 5 . Hittin ' up one of them \spookhouses\ " tonight . =) " 
I'm trying . Real hard . I promise . But I really , really , really ... hate essays . 
Still working ( but not really working ) on this stupidstupidstupid paper . Class starts in two hours soo ... hmm . I got this . 
I just used the restroom at school for THE first time ... it was probably the grossest moment of my life . Our foamy soap is the freakin ' shit though . 
Why in the world did I sign up for a morning class ? This is exactly why I failed so many classes in high school : too early . Sooo freaking tired . 
Super excited for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Burgess's birthday , hopin ' to make it a good one for her . This week has < PROPFEMALE > fast though . Being with him makes time kinda ... fly <3 
Workin ' till 4 , then hopefully getting started on this stupid paper . Psh , I'd rather stay at work . 
So , I'm very excited for my computer to be working normally , thanks to Cody <3 and other various ppl who helped him . Time for beddd . 
just kicked some Ice Cream Machine butt . I <3 my NeoPet 
So I'm pretty positive that my car isn't even going to make it to the gas station . I guess I'm spendin ' the night at school . Ugh . 
Meet me at the church . 
If I were an elephant , I would shoot peanuts at ppl from my trunk all daaay . 
Wide awake , doin the ice cream and cake . Ahh shit I need to get to bed . 
Work tonight , and tomorrow night . Excited to be off Thursday and see my <3 Family . 
has been thinking about Christmas gift ideas for the past SIX HOURS , and has come up with absolutely NOTHING . 
Need to go to bed soon , work at 8 in the morning . And of course , I'm wide awake . I think I came close to overdosing on coffee today . 
Heading to work , 11:30 to 8 . Have a lot I need to get done this week but , keep putting it off as usual . Family Christmas party this weekend , should be pretty fun . <3 
Is in a ridiculously bad mood . Hey , do me a favor ... stop talking , k ? Thanks . 
Today , my sister was grounded for a week for logging onto my mom's farmville and buying a tractor without her permission . MLIA . ( LoL ) 
is going bumpersticker crazyy . 
Can't sleep , at all . 10pm coffee is starting to look like a bad idea . Wow , what a nice day off . Yeah just kidding it completely sucked ass from the moment I woke up . 
Startin ' my day off right : Big cup of coffee , hot shower , good attitude .. work at 11 . Hopefully I can stay busy , not get bored , get my mind off yesterday . Horrible , horrible yesterday . Not long before * New Year's * and hopefully we'll have a lot of fun .. 
I'm a lesbian 
Really want to take a nap before work but I'm gonna try to avoid it . I need to work on not sleeping 12 hours a day ... ughh . 
is about to hit the sackk . Work in the mornin ' , not looking forward to waking up to the cold , but had two pretty good days off . Had a lot of fun today with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and Matty . 
I want to watch the Hangover . Right NOW . 
I think we might DIE if we try to drive to Indy today . So much for Dave&Bustersss . 
It really sickens me when someone makes their every . single . status . about their significant other . ( Especially when you've been together for like , 2 weeks . ) Like , really ? Do you have a life away from eachother ? Well GET one . 
Brushing your teeth with strangers is awkward . I wish they had separate little stalls for teeth-brushing at the orthodontist . 
I miss my frienddds . I never see any of them anymore . Or talk to them . And my family too . Actually ... my family ESPECIALLY . What happened to my social life ? I mean dang . =/ 
Tonight seems so ... quiet . And it's driving me insane . 
Can't sleep . This is lame . Time for a little driiive . 
Ughhhh . Myspace = laame . Spent all day editing my profile . Now I might just delete iit . 
hmm , idk ... let's just GOOGLE IT . =) 
I'm loving this thunderstorm . Especially since I have nothing better to do today than work 10 and a half hours . =) 
If you were to play a game with the devil , do you really think he'd let you go first ? 
Walking to my first class , late ... and my pants are on backwards . Fml . 
Thank you everyone , I had a great birthday with some wonderful people of mine . The big 2-ohh . =) And it even continued into today ( picnic with my babe , thank you honeyy ) . 
I probably should've been more productive with my two days off .. oh well . Got to see my Cal Gal finally , and spend some time with family . Bargain shopping with Codyy was fun too . Back to worrk in the mornin .. yaayy . =/ 
It feels like so much has changed in one day ... and not much really even happened today . Maybe it's just that most days we try too hard to make things change .. 
No time like the present ? Haaa , yeah well . I more of a \there's always tomorrow\ " type of gal . " 
wishin I could stay home and watch the hangover with my mama .. I miss having Sundays off . 
I'm not going to vaccuum until Sears makes one you can ride on . 
With the help of rice , tweezers , a thermometer , and a vaccuum ... my new Droid is back in action after its near-death experience . 
Excited for my mission with @ < PROPFEMALE > Needler tomorrow , but really missing my family too . I just don't see enough of them anymore . At least Thanksgiving is comin up real quick so I'll get to see the whole bunch of them . 
Work is about to be caake today . Just gotta get through 2 hours of French class after that then a whole weekend off . Can't wait for tonight ---> HarryPotter with ArielleNeedler . 
Work's about to get serious .. can I get a nap first ?? =/ 
I just learned how to use my cruise control .. pretty exciting stuff . Not that I've had my car for 3 years or anything ... 
