truly hates philosophy . 

is moved . 
is a free man again . 
can't win against fools . 
still thinks that < PROPMALE > Cardozo was the first Hispanic supreme court justice . 
hates U-haul more than death itself . 
is looking forward to actually getting to see his wife . 
Is looking forward to seeing < PROPFEMALE > this weekend ... and to our 1 year anniversary . 
Finally understands why selection can't act on epistatic variation . This makes him happy . 
is feeling a little crazy . 
\Everything was beautiful and nothing hurt . \"" 
is back . 
is happy the army has agreed to get him all the carp guts he needs ! 
saw a semi-trailer going up in flames today ... and it was terrifying . 
has probably inhaled too much glacial acetic acid to be healthy , but is very happy to have officially started his research . 
loves the Fall . 
is finally getting caught up . 
My mind is numb with grading . 
WTF ?! Has the whole world gone crazy ! I must be asleep ! 
extends his thanks to all who wished him a happy birthday . 
is planning on eating a lot of bacon tonight . 
wishes he could spend more time outside today ! 
is resuming the dissections . 
is thinking that parasitology is a lot less glamorous than ornithology . 
is actually surprisingly calm . 
\I am but mad north-north-west : when the wind is southerly I know a hawk from a handsaw . \"" 
just realized that \Nash Equilibriums\ " are destroying the world ! " 
is slowly remembering how to write a term paper . 
is victorious ! 
\Sometimes I wonder whether the world is being run by smart people who are putting us on or by imbeciles who really mean it . \ " -- < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
is trying to figure out < PROPFIRST > matrices . 
isn't really sure what to make of IACUC . 
got that < PROPMALE > afterall . 
is watching a documentary on Mormonism has never been so proud of Illinois . 
is happy about his IACUC proposal passing . 
has this wierd feeling that it will all end badly . 
is really quite terrified by the idea of giant kidney worms . Next time I have sushi should be fun . 
has finally started his thesis . 
is caustiously letting himself believe that he may have found two microscopic nematodes in a bigmouth buffalo . I'll have to wait for Laursen to return to confirm it ( if I can even find them in the tube of fixative that I put them in ) . 
CAMALLANUS ! CAMALLANUS ! CAMALLANUS ! 
had a great day in the lab today . Cut up more fish than any other day and found both a male and female nematode in one and a trematode in another . Who knew gizzard < PROPMALE > could be so interesting ? 
found his first acanthocephalan ... finally a parasite with a coelom . 
People\ 
need to understand that children with special needs don't have an \ 
illness , there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want \ 
whatwe all want , to be accepted . Most ofyou probably won't copy and \ 
paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least \ 
an ... hour ? It's Special Education week , and ...... this is in honor of \ 
all the kids who need a helping hand . 
To attack the freedom of Muslims to build a cultural center wherever they want , law permitting ( it does ) , is to attack the freedom of religion of ALL < PROPFEMALE > ns . There's been a mosque 4 blocks from Ground Zero for 40 yrs . We were NOT attacked by all Muslims on 9/11 but by single a group of terrorists . Hatred of Muslims doesn't honor the dead . I stand up for their right to build ; I stand up for Freedom in < PROPFEMALE > . 
managed to catch a cedar waxwing electrofishing ... didn't really know you could do that . 
just saw a girl take a piss on his car ... fucking barbarians . 
... and what of Theobald Smith . That a man as important is he could be so forgotten . 
really hopes that this was the last time he'll have to take the GRE . 
apparently loves doing QHEIs but probably has even less faith in their utility . 
somehow got everything done today ; still can't quite believe it . 
is disappointed that the BSGSA camping trip has been cancelled . 
< PROPMALE > just lent me a book on birds and the Zuk-Hamilton hypothesis . It got me thinking that if creationists knew enough about evolution to know about the the Zuk-Hamilton hypothesis they would have to hate us at least twice as much ( i.e. they don't know the half of it ) . 
Is discretion the better part of valor ? 
its time to stand tall . Wish me luck . 
From < PROPMALE > Nobel's will :\ 
\ ... one part to the\ 
Thank you to all of you for your birthday wishes . 
its been one of those days ... oh well , \back to the machine gun . \"" 
had an excellent phone interview with a professor at Notre Dame today . Who knows ? Maybe I'll end up studying charismatic macro-fauna in Africa yet ( ... or at least their parasites ) . 
is glad that his adviser is alright with his timeline for finishing his thesis because its probably the best he can do . 
found his first cestode and never thought that a tapeworm could be so beautiful ! 
is victorious !!! 
