On a countdown to Welcome 2011 . Pity how time flew by , but thanks 2010 for the memories ! It was specfabulate ! 

Finally , wretched thing , the time for a rematch has arrived . Curse you SeaBag !!!! 
Getting reaquianted with Facebook . X ... x 
People who still have feelings for their ex's but are dating someone new should save everyone the aggravation of having to put up with it . MOVE ON ALREADY !!! 
If you live in a place where your time zone is ahead of someone else's time zone ... does that mean you can see into the future ?! With your only limitation being that their future is your present ?! * wondering * 
Bowling at Hallmark Lanes . Wonder who'll go !!!! 
Had an old friend come by and sorta make my day a lil bit better . 
HOLY CRAP ! I FORGOT WHAT I WAS SUPPOSED TO DO FOR ENGLISH TOMORROW ! 
Everybody like's kung-fu fighting ! Watching \Kung-fu Panda\ " and OMG I LOVE IT !!! " 
why must punishment be inflicted to know we're alive ? is it the thrill of bypassing death ? to know your next breath is not your last ? i worry for the future of our people ... 
life's a rollercoaster ride ..... who's next in line ?! 
i dont wanna like him ... and yet every corny thing he does is sweet in some way . HOW DO I MAKE THIS FEELING GO AWAY !?! 
people tell me all the time that long distance relationships work . but seriously , do they really ? why would you kid yourself over thinking that someone < PROPMALE > away from you would be faithful ? it's not like they see you . your only communication is through the phone or internet . as far as i see it , they never work . eventually someone will want more than the other person can or wants to give . 
just finish reading what people answered about me on that Q&A thing ... some really nice things and some kinda depressing things . then again , i dont have game when it comes to dating so it's not all that bad . 
hacked by < PROPMALE > . PUERTO < PROPMALE > ROCKS MY SOCKS !!!! ... Guam's not too bad either . 
I DO NOT put \Hoes\ " before \ " Bros\ " !!!! And I don't need self confidence people ! RAWR ! " 
liking someone is too much trouble ... why can't things ever just stay the way they were back in grade school . where he's a boy , i'm a girl and childish fun is the only thing on our minds ? 
who did their FAFSA ? 
There's a Boys and Girls Club on College Street and West Avenue C , near the Cable Company . The address is 308 West Avenue C . Trynna find the time they open . 
thinkin about going to 2nd < PROPMALE > tomorrow . doesn't it open at 8 a.m. ? idk but i need hours . 
better start getting more active from here on . if a life is what i want .. well , need i say more ... 
I need to sell about $140 more for a fundrasier to go to Corpus . Thinkin about begging my teachers since my friends are broke . XD !!!!! 
things are not always what they seem . family giving me more than enough to shake my nerves . 
Feeling kinda weird and dreadful : I made a promise to trust someone on keeping a promise . It's been a long time since I trusted someone ... maybe this one will be worth trusting . 
Stressing out from familial and scholastic issues . I can't do both like most people can . So stop askin more of me than I can give damnit ! [ I wish this stress would burn the fat I have . Then he'll stop complaining so damn much . 
Oka , so I love my family right now . :) ... I won't stress myself too bad , you all know I wont do that . But it is better if I push myself harder than I normally do . I'll never lose sight of school and what it means , no amount of drama could ever undo that . Hanging in by a couple of threads . Oh and thank you mommy , auntie ger and uncle < PROPMALE > . It helps ... 
How do you stop a moth from being lured into the flame ? 
I got into NHS !!!! So excited right now . But sadly .. still wishing for some things to come as easily . 
2 things are irritating me right now : 1 . creeps on myspace who look like pedophiles trying to add me , 2 . people at school who live in drama and can't shut up 
Who else got that Nhs induction thing for tonight ? Don't feel like dressing up for this thing ... 
can't believe i is goin be 18 next week ! damn .. i don't feel like getting a life yet . 
humans are so weak .. is that what makes us so enlightening ? 
got my NHS cords [ HA ! CAT ! ] and my cap and gown ... it smells funny . anyway , w00t ! :D 
dang , birthday tomorrow . dunno what to want .. 
getting ready to go watch shrek forever after and bowling afterwards . 
last week of skool !!! OMFG ! has it really come down to it ? I DUN WANNA LEAVE MY PEEPS ! graduation is seriously just around the corner amigos . I LOVE YA'LL TOO MUCH TO SAY GOODBYE !!!!! 
Sometimes I hate talking to these online recruiters . But whatever . It's the military , so I wouldn't expect any less . 
Hell everyone else said it ... so i will too ... LAST DAY OF SCHOOL BABY !! H-E-DOUBLE HOCKEY STICKS YEA !!! 
graduation este < PROPMALE > ! i said i wouldn't , but i most likely will cry walkin down those steps . GO SENIOR CLASS OF ' 10 !!! 
Oh . eM . Geee !!! I thought graduating and getting inducted into NHS was amazing , but somehow becoming a TEXAS SCHOLAR ?!? .. am i in skool heaven ? 
prefers working out in the texas sun at noon than to apologize for habits beat into me since i grew backbone . 
is looking for some reason good enough to trust people with a knife and roadmap ... 
[[ R.I.P. Uncle Prudencio \Larry\ " Gamboa . ]] Happy memories to all the family . " 
HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO THE DADDIES ! I'm too lazy to go to all of your pages and tell you , sorry . So ; BIBA HA'ANEN TATA ! FELIZ < PROPFEMALE > DE LOS PADRES ! < PROPFEMALE > GIORNO < PROPMALE > PADRE ! and any other language i forgot that ya'll know . :) 
So ... I'm tired of cowards who drop out on you when they make a promise to be there . No wonder I despise trusting people . 
hard to believe people can still dent these walls around me ... guess i'm still human after all . 
yay , i found the second best friend i've ever had in my life ; from middle school . now i need to find the first , from elementary : < PROPFEMALE > .. 
needs some fun with this workout process ! it's boring doing the same routine and frustrating knowing i'm gaining weight in muscles faster than i lose weight in fat . 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > . 
* sigh * i wanna watch despicable me , but dun wanna go alone . hmm , wonder if my neice wants to go with me . :D !!! 
funny how , though people tell us how mature we are and how responsible we seem , there are still some things we're still childish with 
thinks the best friend anyone can have is someone who still thinks the world of you after seeing you humiliate yourself in public 
all this time i was so convinced the air force was the best choice for me , turns out another branch has more to offer . sorry if it's a litle disappointing , but folks ... I'm joinin the NAVY . :D ! 
has signed all my paperwork , thus far , and is leavin for MEPS and ASVAB testing monday . holy cow its going by so quickly . w00t !!! 
MEPS really wasn't all that bad ... other than several awkward moments , it was fun . and i met knew friends there too . so , all-in-all , it was kool . 
\studying\ " for RTC ... oh goody . ( T_T ) " 
OMG I LOVE MADEA ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > has just made my Top 10 Best Film Makers . 
Having fun with < PROPFIRST > at her house ... I don't wanna go home !! 
I might be lame for this , but the 1970 version of Wuthering Heights , though true to the book on most scenes , had such a bogus ending . 
I want more pictures to tag people in ... they're so fun ! And surprisingly true . LoL . LOVE YOU GUYS !!! 
Made some new friends down at the Recruiting Station ! w00t ! ... Now more exercising !! 
my room looks so bland .. well bland-ER . packin everythin away .. T--T 
is gunna go running to see how bad i am so i can fix it .. somehow . would rather do sit ups and push ups til i collapse .. but not really . 
I'M ALIVE !!! I feel like a barnacle that's been shoveled off a buoy though .. Not goin in for a routine checkup at NRS , maybe next week . Til then my feet are hitting pavement . 
OMG !! I cuts muh hair ! On the plus side it should be high enough for boot camp . :D so w00t ! 
Doing those exercises from the DEP meeting and OMG ! I hurt . On the plus side , I can do them with less of a struggle . Now about the running .. 
playing with my nephew is so fun , i think i scared the hispanic out of him .. 
what the heck is a security certificate and how do i get it off my computer ? it keeps logging me out or everything ! it's giving my computer hiccups !! >___< 
funny how everything suddenly has a higher worth when time gets noticably shorter ... o____O 
I need good memories ; embarrassing , awkward , gross , weird ... anything . I just need a happy memory right about now .. 
waiting for FRIDAY to get his lazy posterior in gear . 
funny how a few words can make my shirt soak with joy . 
thinks it's amazing how people think you're lying even when you look them in the eye and tell the truth . 
Making the simple complicated is commonplace ; making the complicated simple , awesomely simple , that's creativity . [ < PROPFIRST > Mingus ] 
On the kitchen counter ... 
feels like she's back in the 90's from watching Power Rangers , Thunder Cats , Dragon Ball Z and all the other awesome series ... ah , good times ... 
discovered facebook has a BuddyPoke !!! n___n !!! 
so um .. my \donor\ " found me . i'm mad it took him this long to put the effort in though . " 
SOMEBODY CALL NINE-ONE-ONE ... I can't find my flashcards . 
U say < PROPFIRST > Bieber , I say Skillet ! < PROPFIRST > Swift ? Breaking ? < PROPMALE > ! Lady ? Gaga ? Evanescence ! Miley < PROPMALE > ? Slipknot ! T-Pain ? Three Days Grace ! Eminem ? Linkin Park ! < PROPMALE > Brothers ? Green Day ! Flowers ? Puddle of Mudd ! 92% of teens turned to Pop ? /Hip-Hop . If UR part ? of the 8% still ? listening to REAL music , copy & paste ? to ur status or \Like it\ " .? DON'T LET THE SPIRIT OF ROCK AND ROLL DIE ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " 
who authorized flashbacks ?! no fair sharing memories yet people !! 
IT'S THE FINAL COUNTDOWN !!!! [ Where did that come from ? O-o .. ] 
three more weeks to freedom and i can finally have something worth bragging about . w00t !! [ yea < PROPMALE > i'm online !!! ] 
just graduated from boot camp ! out on leave and goin to bama tomorrow . so freakin happy like a tornado in a trailer park !!!! 
Here in ' Bama and still the ripples spread . Why do the unknown scars hurt so much . 
Almost time for a school 
< PROPFEMALE > CHIRSTMAS ' ERBODY ! Leavin for A-Skool 2morrow . [ Hoo Yah !! ] Had a blast in Ala-Freakin'-Bama . Can't wait to come back again ... if I'm welcome . LoL . 
Here at a-school . Pretty boring but still kinda fun because of chill people . Still say I truly miss boot camp . 
Holy shizznicks I got a phone !!!!! Final-frikin-ly 
A night in town with two cool , kinda hot guys . Too bad one's drunk and the other's ' taken ' . 
Damn but I hate cliches on love and infatuation ... why ? Because the jackasses tend to be true 
Funny way to remember the zodiac : Really Boring Teachers Can Live Very Sadly Since Apples Give Worthless Feelings . ( Ram-Bull-Twins-Crab-Lion-VIrgin-Scales-Scorpion-Archer-Goat-Waterbarer-Fish ) 
Peanut is a butter ball . 
Ship staff is starting to annoy me ... somewhat . 8 yeoman's and yet only 2 know what's going on . 
Omg I got coffee !! And not just any coffee : a MONSTER LOCA MOCHA COFFEE !!!! 
Jacked up on sweets ... ohhhhhhhhh yyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh !!!!! 
MANDO PT ... joy . but whatever . I'm losing weight so HA !!! 
Lost all my contacts , so if you have my number txt your name to me please . 
Beavis : \ tattoos are cool \ " \ 
where the heck did all the honesty go in the world ? or is it just in tsc great lakes that people front who they are ? 
Never thought I'd say this but I'm looking forward to that 10 yr HS Reunion . Why ? To see all those retards who thought they were cool straggle in with 5 kids , have a barely decent job , or embarrassing significant other . And see all those nerds they made fun of signing their paychecks every month , who turned out to be undercover hotties , and still sweet as can be . 
Damn the confusion , run the hell away !! 
Even with a different time , place , and face , the pain is hauntingly familiar ... 
I don't have to be me ' til Monday . Friday , Saturday , Sunday ! I ain't gonna face reality . Three days without punching a time clock . \ 
Three nights of goin ' non-stop . No work and all play . I don't have to be me , ' til Monday . 
Waiting on a cab is so overrated . I hate people being on time . You're late if you're on time . 
Hoo Yah PT !!! 
thinks it's hysterically ironic how I'm accused of being too ignorant of hardships and oblivious to the weight of obligations . 
Haha . I is clepto . 
Hoo Yah giving blood and feeling like centrifugal force is kicking ass !! HaHa , I just help save three lives someday ... sweet . 
BLUEBERRY AND PINEAPPLE 
Oh my God !!! Finally !! A Navy commercial !!! 
Up since 0330 , watched 5 movies , seen 4 reliefs and still no sleepy time is ringing in my head . Bummer ... 
