huh . weird wall thing . does embedding videos work here ... or anywhere on this site ? 

plotting the function of the universe for efficiency without your permission . 
where is the \dislike\ " button ? " 
i think i broke facebook . 
realizes how hard it is to fill out dumb surveys without just posting outraged reactions to the answers of the person who took it before me . 
ain't nothin but a thang 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5rXPrfnU3G0&feature=player_embedded# 
smart bomb 
' scuse me universe , what're ya doin ? 
teh fam is here . but now i need to sleep . 
ok , maybe i will stay for a while , but don't expect me not to troll you 
where is the despise button ? 
this place sucks :/ 
ghost in the machine ? collab ? 
moar like fagbook , amirite ? 
hopes galt blasting trance music outside his room at 7 in the morning isn't a sign of anything other than galt wanting to be stabbed in the neck ... 
declares war on every government , war against all odds , war on your inner sanctum and on your bloodthirsty gods . 
One study suggests that [ coffee ] may have a mixed effect on shor t-t erm memory , by improving it when the information to \ 
be recalled is related to the current train of thought but making it more difficult to recall \ 
unrelated information 
i think i'll make an album today . 
Soccer ? Is that the one with the ball ? 
oh look . another day on fadbook . yep , still can't listen to music , still can't do html/customize anything . what a useless piece of garbage . 
D: 
wahhhh soccer is the best sport ever , if you disagree then it's because you're too fat and lazy to do anything . yahoo comments = instant facepalm 
contemplating making it a life goal to get struck by lightning and survive ... 
everything is causal . say it loud . say it often . 
hi world . i am trying not to want to blow you up . 
guys ... time is passing . 
myspace is still a million times better than facebook . just sayin ' 
when the economy sucks , suddenly everyone has a degree in political philosophy 
workschoolworkschoolworkschoolrinserepeat 
back up to 12.15 an hour 
happy birthday to you . 
yahoo news comments : endless stupidity . 
interestingchoice 
attention facebook : why must you be so boring and inoffensive ? 
dislike , dislike , dislike 
going to sacramento area to work for five days 
why do people use this site again ? 
dear humanity : please stop reproducing . 
STOP NOTIFYING ME ABOUT YOUR GROUPS FACEBOOK . NO THANK YOU . NO GROUPS . 
Ahem , it's < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday . 
OH AND BY THE WAY EVERYONE VOTE TOMORROW OR I WILL FUCKING KILL YOU 
just realized my first grade teacher is running for Wildomar city council member . lolwut . 
... where did my music go ? 
why u typ like dis ? u shuld cnsider that mayb u r stupit 
I asked for inferno sauce >:o 
Hey , I need a job . 
It's not often that you get to listen to music for homework , but then , it's not often that you're < PROPMALE > Grotke , is it ? Is it ?! 
Who cares about money anyways ? I , for one , welcome our Mad Max-esque post-apocalypse . 
Can you feel that ? I'm fckin ' < PROPFEMALE > mind . 
ifyoucanhearthismessageyouaretheresistance 
sweetmysanthropy 
workin in placentia or some other gay place 
stupiditarded 
yay for getting scammed out of 300+ dollars 
The only thing I've eaten today is a mini funnel cake that I bought from < PROPFIRST > In The Box at 5 in the morning , and I now pronounce today \Nothanksgiving\ " Day . Knothnxbai . " 
Ugh @people who smell bad . 
When the end of the world comes , it will probably be because it is in such high demand . 
I just threw up in my mouth a little . I'm not just saying that . 
no water ... 
not surprised . 
or die trying . 
? _ ? 
Great day , accosted by only one \faggot \"- caller . " 
Today : 1 . Hit my funny bone so hard I instantly lost all feeling in my arm for a second . 2 . Saw a sign on the bridge that saide \We love you mom : give us pancakes \"." 
got a B in Audio . Thank youuuuu , group projects . 
just missed a call from the debt collectors . Welp . This sounds like it will go well ... 
oh fuhhh I just realized Tron comes out tonight . 
I think I'm going to play some Super Smash Bros . Melee today . 
The longest place name in the United States is Lake\ 
Chargoggagoggmanchauggagoggchaubunagungamaugg , located near Webster , < PROPFEMALE > . 
this just in from < PROPMALE > in Costa Mesa : get on the floor , everybody walk the dinosaur 
murry poopmas and a crappy new year to all 
forget about your house of cards . 
Did my mom really just come in to tell me she's making top ramen for everyone ... on Christmas ? 
gay4pay in costa mesa 
they rapin errbody out here 
installing Guitar Pro 6 awwww yyeah 
? 
Mom always offers to pay for classes after all of the ones I need are already full ... 
sick ... 
goin ' to work in Orange . 
startin music class today 
making some 8bit songs @_@ 
What is this , National Day of Drive-by Douchebaggery ? 
lolwut @everything 
so I guess it's time to watch the State of the Union Address and work on some music . 
I will eatcho childrens . 
I think I wounded me bum 
they say that in war , truth be the first casualty . 
It makes sense if you don't think about it . 
Guys . It's cold . 
say hello to the apples on the ground . 
All is violent , all is bright . 
Ah , what a beautiful Sunday . Go outside . Have a breath of fresh air . Don't waste your energy having a sense of pride or shame , or herd mentality about something you played no part in . Leave the TV off . Do something you love doing . Earn some money . Don't waste that money on something we already have down to math . No one ever got in shape by watching other men exercise , anyways . ;) 
the downside of < PROPMALE > college : putting up with drooling retards who have no interest in learning anything EVER 
Today some asshole threatened to punch me in the face because apparently it's my job to look behind me , and not his job to look in front of him and watch where he's going . People on bikes are the worst . 
I think I'm going to wake up 5 hours early tomorrow and make mountains upon mountains of pancakes and bacon 
this is your world . these are your people . you can live for yourself today or you can help build tomorrow for everyone . 
Apparently it's illegal to spin in lake < PROPMALE > 
Oh , today is one of those holidays or something ? 
knows the digits of our second guessing are doomed to crumble 
it's cold . my arm is jacked . and I'm goin to a competition in LA this weekend . yep . 
Lost in hollywood 
filman commercials and participatan in competitions an b0rkan mah arm an still spinnan anyways cuz dumban stuffan 
Aw crap . I'm gonna need a ' nother hard drive soon . 
If you're not part of the freaks , you're part of the boredom . 
Guess I'll eat some sushi and file tax return bs and apply for financial aid er somethin ' 
the creative juices flow ... 
I just realized my school has a 17% graduation/transfer rate . Lol . 
Gonna go take a music test . 
I have 107 in music , if I keep it up I can get about 120 by the end of the semester . If only I could transfer some of that extra credit to my other classes ... 
Life is a bummer when you're a hummer . 
yeah whatevo 
> typing huge response to someone on Yahoo , suddenly < PROPFEMALE > refreshes for no apparent reason . whole response lost . great . friggin great . 
It ain't what it ain't . 
*__* 
aw crapcakes 
10,000 ? :'( 
Does anyone know the recipe for gerbils ? 
Trapped in the belly of a machine that is bleeding to death 
The early bird may get the worm , but the second mouse gets the cheese . 
music test #2 
check , 1 , 2 , 3 . 
The course is run , the damage done . 
I guess my work here is done . 
Well , everything is back to normal . If only I could figure out how to take \Teletubies\ " out of my People Who Inspire You section " 
Good luck , < PROPFEMALE > . You're on your own . 
