i dont want to go to school tomorrow !!!! 

im sooo tired . im glad its almost thanksgiving break 
its thanksgiving !!!! 
just had my first snow ball fight of the new year with < PROPFEMALE > :) 
i just got my morp dress :) 
im goin to morp tonigh hopefully it will be fun 
goin to the basketball game !!!! 
i got my nose pierced ;) 
One Love , One Heart Let's get together and feel all right- < PROPMALE > Marley .... oh yes 
I'm digging my way to something better . i'm sowing the seeds I take for granted . This thorn in my side is from the tree I planted . And it tears me and I bleed- Metallica 
ive decided to start playing the cello =) 
dang the weather was pretty awesome .... cant wait for summer 
just got back from oklahoma to get our new puppy , going to florida tomorrow , im so excited :D 
still in florida having fun .... i guess i come back wed . 
i got stung by three jelly fish at the beach today haha , i still love florida tho :) 
im talkin to tha coolest person ever .... Chell !!! lol 
and in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make ....... 
i finally got my nose repierced :) 
so < PROPFEMALE > is gunna be at my house till sunday ... this is guna be fun 
i love you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
craziest game ever was hit in the head and blacked out , have a puck shaped welt on my butt and got two penaltys i could have died haha i love hockey 
finally won a game !!! we did pretty awesome 
Come gather ' round people , Wherever you roam , And admit that the waters , Around you have grown , And accept it that soon , You'll be drenched to the bone , soIf your time to you , Is worth savin ' , Then you better start swimmin ' , Or you'll sink like a stone , For the times they are achangin ' . 
everyone has so much to say , they talk talk talk their lives away . dont even hesitate 
how do people take pleasure in listening to music sang by stuck up people that cant see anything past themselves \fly like a g6\ " really ??? thats just a dicrace and an insult to what music can be " 
Go banshees !!!! thanks for coming everyone !!! super fun game . hockey is amazing !!! 
never trusing anyone with scissors near my hair again 
Don't kissing booths count as prostitution 
