It is the < PROPFIRST > of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it - Aristotle 

IT Update : If you're a < PROPMALE > user and also a BlackBerry user , this is great news for you . Research In Motion has officially announced that it is going to offer a < PROPMALE > -compatible version of its BlackBerry Desktop Software in September . 
Our greatest < PROPFEMALE > is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall -- Confucius 
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers is enemies ; for the hardest victory is the victory over self – Aristotle 
Character is that which reveals moral purpose , exposing the class of things a man chooses or avoids – Aristotle 
Life is not a matter of having good cards , but of playing a poor hand well . -- < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Stevenson 
The greatest wealth is to live content with little - Plato 
The perfection of wisdom and the end of true philosophy is to proportion our wants to our possessions , our ambitions to our capacities , we will then be a happy and a virtuous people . 
Suffering becomes beautiful when anyone bears great calamities with cheerfulness , not through insensibility but through greatness of mind . 
Sometimes a warrior just loses their will ..... 
I'm soooo happy to be back to work today ! I know , it's very sad ..... 
My neighbor just shoveled the drive so his wife could get out ...... I need one of those !!!! 
Color : Nude !!! 
Anybody up for a shovel burning party in the Spring !?? Here I go again .... : ( 
IF YOU HAD ME ALONE ... LOCKED UP IN YOUR ROOM FOR TWENTY-FOUR HOURS , AND I HAD TO DO WHATEVER YOU WANTED ME TO , WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITH ME ? TELL ME IN MY INBOX ... BECAUSE IT'S OUR SECRET ... THEN SEND THIS TO ALL YOUR CONTACTS ... YOU MIGHT BE SUPRISED BY THE RESPONSES YOU GET . THEY COULD MAKE YOU LAUGH OR EVEN SMILE .. L ...... OL . IF YOU DONT REPOST THIS YOU ARE A COWARD AND ARE TOO AFRAID TO SEE WHO ACTUALLY LIKES YOU 
COPY THIS INTO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU !!!! 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = partier , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = gf/bf type , 19 = player , 20 = i love you , 21 = gorgeous , 22 = the best , 23=couldn't live without u :) 
Nurse Outduels IRS Over M.B.A. Tuition : http://finance.yahoo.com/taxes/article/108550/nurse-outduels-irs-over-mba-tuition?mod=taxes-advice_strategy 
9 inches :( 
ALL : If you get a you tube message from anyone on FB , DO NOT OPEN it , it is a virus . 
My fine is 600.50 .... 
You will never do anything in this world without courage . It is the greatest quality of the mind next to honor -- Aristotle 
If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . So love the people who treat you right . Forget about the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . ( post to your wall if you agree ) 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin and still love you when you mess up and still loves you for all your faults copy and paste this to your status !! 
And we should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once . And we should call every truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh -- Friedrich Nietzsche 
It's Doppelgänger week on Facebook ; change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc . ) you have been told you look like . After you update your profile with your twin or switched at birth photo then cut/paste this to your status . 
Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow . -- Aesop 
Go to urbandictionary.com Type your first name , copy and paste this as your status . Put the definition of your name as your first comment . 
I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense , once hate is gone ... they will be forced to deal with pain . – < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Baldwin 
He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster . And if you gaze for long into an abyss , the abyss gazes also into you - Friedrich Nietzsche 
Happy Valentines Day everybody ! :D 
Real life is , to most men , a long second-best , a perpetual compromise between the ideal and the possible ; but the world of pure reason knows no compromise , no practical limitations , no barrier to the creative activity -- Bertrand < PROPFIRST > 
has learned that life is not about how high you climb , how fast you run , how long you live , how hard you fall ; it is about how well you bounce back from adversity . :D 
Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness ; but direct them to it by what amuses their minds , so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each . -- Plato 
Life is a journey , not a destination ; so it's not about where you are going , it's about the method you take to get there . 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if your home is tidy or not , if your car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect ... A true friend just loves you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend . 
Stop drowning in your yesterdays , and swim into today ! :D 
Good humor is the health of the soul , sadness its poison . 
Success is to be measured not so much by the position that one has reached in life , rather by the obstacles which one has overcome while attempting to succeed ! 
If the brain moves forward , it will stop looking back . 
Anger and sadness are weaknesses , < PROPFEMALE > is strength . 
Love those who hate you as they are your biggest fans . ;o ) 
If life is a beach , then I'll take mine with a < PROPFEMALE > ! ;o ) 
Don't look back and ask why , look forward and ask , why not ? ;o ) 
is wondering if you knew that 111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321 .... this proves that I am a dork . LOL 
Those who see their presumptions as truths only make fools of themselves . ;o ) 
If you are truly listening to someone , you will hear more than words . :o ) 
At the end of each day , it matters none how others treated you , only how you treated others ;o ) 
FACEBOOK is at it again ... violating your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow\ " . Please copy & repost " 
Click \Like\ " if I have ever made YOU smile in your life . Set this as your status & see how many people you have made smile :) Please play along & repost as your status ! " 
“Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak ; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen . ” - < PROPMALE > Churchill 
Many eyes go through the meadow , but few see the flowers in it - < PROPMALE > 
Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on my part :-) 
A person's true character is revealed by how they treat those they have no reason to be nice to ;-) 
Before they were conceived , we wanted them . Before they were born , we loved them . When they were born , we saw their faces and we knew that we were in love . Before they were an hour old , we knew we would die for them . To this day , we will . This is the miracle of life . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life :-) 
Be the person you would want to remember :-) 
Happy Mother's Day :-) 
Do not allow fear determine your < PROPFEMALE > . :-) 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man wishing he could whisper softly in her ears . While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man stealing smiles from her . Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence . 
Stumbling blocks turn into fine stepping stones . :-) 
Very sadly , most of you probably won't copyand paste this , will you do it and leave in on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help and understanding . Remember , those who need special education are those with special abilities and not disabilities . 
This is the beginning of a new day . You have been given this day to use as you will . You can waste it or use it for good . What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it . When tomorrow comes , this day will be gone forever ; in its place is something that you have left behind ... let it be something good . 
True friends can go long periods of time withou tspeaking and never question their friendship ... and pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ... REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one :-) 
When life gives you lemons , get a bottle of < PROPFEMALE > and a salt shaker and put them to good use ! :-) 
I disagree with < PROPFEMALE > Jewelers . I would bet on any given Friday or Saturday night more kisses begin with < PROPMALE > Light than < PROPFEMALE > .... 
I wanna go fishing !!!! :-) 
Happiness is like a butterfly , if you < PROPMALE > it , it’s always just beyond your reach . But if you just sit still long enough it will come to you . ;-) 
If I can make someone’s day seem brighter , their load feel lighter , and their path smoother . Then in so doing , I in turn have done so for myself ! 
Everything we hear is an opinion , not a fact . Everything we see is a perspective , not the truth . - < PROPMALE > Aurelius 
A smile is a light on your face that lets people know your heart is home . 
Don't settle for what makes you happy ; go after what makes you whole . 
When everything appears like an uphill struggle , remember the view from the top . 
It is very important to generate a good attitude , a good heart , as much as possible . From this , happiness in both the short term and the long term for both yourself and others will come - Dalai Lama 
Each one has to find his peace from within . And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances - Gandhi 
The secret of happiness , you see , is not found in seeking more , but in developing the capacity to enjoy less - Socrates 
I might not be the most beautiful or the sexiest , nor do I have the perfect body . I might not be the 1st choice , but I am a GREAT choice . I don't pretend to be someone that I'm not because I'm too good at being ME . I might not be proud of some of the things I've done in the past , but I'm proud of who I am today . Take me as I am or watch me as I walk away . Post this as your status if you love being you !!!!!! 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends ' list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there !! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also as family . Let's see who on my friends ' list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really is . I < PROPFEMALE > family & friendships Thank you for being a part of my life . 
In this life , we should refrain from looking down upon a person unless we are lending a hand to help them up . For what lies around the bend is quite often unknown :-) 
Wish heaven had a\ 
phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but\ 
that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before\ 
that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I\ 
have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have\ 
you in my heart . Re-post if you have someone in heaven . 
The true measure of a person's character can be seen by the way they treat a person who can be of little value to them ...... 
I've realized that if one person has the ability to influence your mood , they'll forever control your being . 
If you don't go after what you want , you'll never have it . If you don't ask , the answer is always no . If you don't step forward , you're always in the same place . – < PROPFEMALE > Roberts 
Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not ; remember that what you now have was once among the things you only hoped for . – Epicurus 
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to\ 
mourn for the past , worry about the future , or anticipate troubles , but to live\ 
in the present moment wisely and earnestly – Buddha 
Many people have gone farther than they thought they could because someone else thought they could . :-) 
Dignity does not consist in possessing honors , but in deserving them - Aristotle 
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth , so virtue appears from\ 
good deeds , and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind . To walk safely\ 
through the maze of human life , one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance\ 
of virtue . - Buddha 
Let us carefully observe those good qualities wherein our enemies excel us ; and endeavor to excel them , by avoiding what is faulty , and imitating what is excellent in them -- Plutarch 
Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance -- Epicurus 
This could be\ 
interesting .... Lets see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are ... Leave\ 
a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD\ 
letter of YOUR first name . It can be only one word . Then copy and paste\ 
this post on your wall , so I can leave a word about you . 
To all non-pet owners who visit my home and complain about my pets :\ 
1 . They live here ... you don't . 2 . If you don't want their hair on your\ 
clothes , stay off the floor . 3 . I like my pets more than I like most\ 
people . 4 . To you , they are animals . To me , they are my young'uns who\ 
are ... short , hairy , walk on all fours & dont speak clearly . \ 
Re-Post if you love your pets . 
Better than a thousand hollow words , is one word that brings\ 
peace . – Buddha 
When you say everything happens for a reason , don't be surprised when I punch you in the head . It happened for a reason . ;-) 
One should not sit back and hope for change ; stand up and make it happen . ;-) 
REAL parents make sacrifices in life to ensure their children are happy , healthy , well taken care of , and will grow into responsible adults . Their children come first and always will . A parent loves their children unconditionally , no matter what they have done or what they will do ....... Put this as your status if you are a proud parent ! 
I would know if I was insane , the voices would tell me . LOL 
My decisions pave the road that lies in front of me . :-) 
You are not wealthy until you have something money can't buy ! :-) 
Sure I might be random and crazy and kinda not normal , but you know you all love me ! ;-) 
Fabulous ! Now the voices in my head have started saying , press 1 if you want to hear this message in English ! LOL 
People of character do the right thing , not because they think it will change the world but because they refuse to be changed by the world . :-) 
I am perfectly < PROPFEMALE > angel with just a few devilish tendencies ..... lol ;-) 
If you wait to do everything until you are sure it is just right , you probably will not accomplish much . ;-) 
You people are crazy ! I know ... I can recognize my kind . ;-) 
If at first you don't succeed - call it a day and drink some beer ;-) 
Courage is knowing what not to fear . - Plato 
Things which matter most must never be at the mercy of things which matter least ..... 
has another awesome idea , but first , she needs a pitcher , < PROPFEMALE > , lime , salt , duct tape , a target , and volunteers . MBOS ( Must bring own shovel) ! 
What we seek , we shall find ; what we flee from , flees from us - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npbiMJzNJII&feature=fvsr 
Post this as your status to see what people love about you . ? I love your_____________ ! :-) 
Please put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this , because they don't know how to copy and paste . 
One should not make certain people a priority in their life if those same people simply consider you an option 
Even though sometimes we may feel like shattered glass ... Just remember ; like glass , we too can be recycled into something stronger . ;-) 
I'M A HANDFUL !! Unfortunately , most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my WORST then you sure as heck can't handle me at my BEST . If you're a HANDFUL , repost ! 
Life does not get better by < PROPMALE > , it gets better by change . :-) 
A successful relationship is not one without conflict ; it is one without blame . ;-) 
Most big journeys begin with small steps . :-) 
Of all things which wisdom provides to make life entirely happy , much the greatest is the possession of friendship . – Epicurus 
Courage consists not in hazarding without fear ; but being resolutely minded in a just cause – Plutarch 
Not everything that can be counted counts and not everything that counts can be counted . - < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will . – Epictetus 
I do not agree with a word you say , but I will defend to the death your right to say it . – Voltaire 
Life is not a problem , so why are you asking for a solution ? 
You don't develop courage by being happy in your relationships every day . You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity . – Epicurus 
There's no use trying to rush fate , because the best things in life are worth the wait . 
Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings by counting your troubles :-) 
When you talk to yourself , you always get the answer you want ;-) 
The most unhappy of all men is he who believes himself to be so . ~ David Hume 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 10th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . Help raise child abuse awareness :) 
WARNING : Apparently , the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles . There doing it because kids will accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture . ... It has nothing to do with any child charities . IT'S ON TONIGHT'S NEWS ! Copy & Paste this on to your status 
Have you heard that it was good to gain the day ? I also say it is good to fall , battles are lost in the same spirit in which they are won . \ 
\ 
-- Walt Whitman 
Seeking something yet unfound though I have diligently sought it many a long year , singing the true song of the soul fitful at random . 
Above all , be true to yourself , and if you cannot put your heart in it , take yourself out of it :-) 
Rightly and justly I say unto you on this < PROPFEMALE > day , wake up and reconcile what matters most to you . Tomorrow is not promised . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all ;-) 
Okay so my New Year's Resolution is NO MORE DAMN VACATIONS !!! This is ridiculous ! lol 
I loved you the minute I heard your heartbeat . I loved you the minute you were born ; then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around ... outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life ? 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately .... Re-post this if you have some of the best cousins in the world . 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad , and focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Forget about the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Re-post if you agree 
Love when I tell my kids , momma's spaghetti is for dinner and their faces light up like it's Christmas . Makes hours of cooking so worth it :-D 
To all UNSELFISH MOMS out there who traded sleep for dark circles , salon haircuts for ponytails , long showers for quick showers , late nights for early mornings , designer bags for diaper bags & WOULDN'T CHANGE A THING . Lets see how many Moms can actually post this . For all the moms who DON'T CARE about what they gave up , and instead , LOVE what they got in return ! Post this if you LOVE your LIFE as a Mother ! 
If I die on the road today on the way to < PROPMALE > , I give my friends permission to change my status to ' Found on road dead ' , LOL 
No legacy is so < PROPMALE > as honesty - Shakespeare 
Some people wake up to survive , I wake up to win !!!! :-) 
He who gives what he would as readily throw away , gives without generosity ; for the essence of generosity is in self sacrifice . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
Hope is the dream of a soul awake :-) 
When your dreams turn to dust , vacuum ;-) 
Losing an illusion makes you wiser than finding a truth . ~ Ludwig Börne 
Life is like a coin . You can spend it in any manner you wish , but you only get to spend it once . :-) 
Happiness is when what you think , what you say , and what you do are in < PROPFEMALE > . - Gandhi 
