ohhhh new years at grk . never fails to be amazing . now on account of my three hours of sleep last night itsss crash time . 

hates doubtingg . last night of break . is about to be fun :) 
withhhh elizabethh . missed this girl . 
sushi yay ! :) 
is soooo unbelievably sore and tired . hanging out with nate tomorrow :) its been forever and a million days . 
is sunburnt and finally sleepy . leaving for camping tomorrow , yay < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > fun times . THEN LILYS BIRTHDAY ! 
successful camping trip i would say . nowww TRANSFORMERS WOO . then the weekend :) is about to be awesome , to say the least . 
yesaahh rafting then sushi then lilys birthday bash :) 
last night was just plain ridiculous . funnn though . river lunch gym today . layin low for a little bit . 
is smitten you could say ? needs some down time , really though . < PROPFEMALE > zellars night , and sushi with < PROPFIRST > . relaxing enough . 
woke up to some lovely people :) indigo girls and curls . wedding time . oh lovely life . 
is so not looking forward to summerschool in any way shape or form . bbq chez moi tonightt for trevors birthday slash lilys going awayness . i dont know what im gonna do without her :( 
didnt go to summerschool today . anddd it feels nice . gym then lets hanggg out yes :) 
stupid sunburns in the most uncomfortable places . rafting was quite enjoyable . and last night was a blur . nowww time for elephant bar . and tomorrow summerschool . shoot me in the foot . 
< PROPMALE > was . umm . interesting ? summerschool tomorrow . cant wait . and dennn rivahh . woot woot . night you facebookers . 
can stay out tonight ! yeeeyeeeee . getting ready with < PROPFEMALE > and yaimie . just experienced the hottest run of my life after a 3 hour nap . overall i would have to say its been a good day . and now for an even better night :) 
not enough sleep . BED DAY . hahahahaha . 
holy longest night ever . jaimies moving in . bbq tonight . everything will be all rightt . feeling some river action at some point . 
crazy long swim across folsom lake , and half of barcode . just a little exhausted . first night alone since i cant even remember when . talk to me , keep me company :) 
a ; lksdfjsdf frustratedddddd . and annoyed . 
and now it starts . music is deciding my mood for me . sad waiting for the love of the traveling soldier . hmmm . lack of sleep will do this to you ? 
is one stressed individual . thought this was overrr . but woke up to a lovely surprise thismorning :) 
needs cheering up 
EXCHANGE STUDENT COMES TODAY :) 
swimming and picking up < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! i misssed herrr . 
LOVE MY FRENCHIE . shes the sweetest thing everr . going to grk with my < PROPFEMALE > and my yeena :) gonna be some funnnn times . 
back back back from grk . fun as always . interesting as always . hilarious as always . and now doctors . not so fun . 
< PROPMALE > potter was hilarious . luck potion was liquid weed . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > make everything funny . freeish day tomorrow . and tomorrow night , rafting under the full < PROPFEMALE > :) 
is gonna weeed . oh funnn . then gym . thennnn LETS MAKE PLANS :) 
angels camp bright n early tomorrow . thenn yosemite and homee . see you kids mondayy . packing time . 
YOSEMITE :) vernal falls hereee we come < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . 
umm longest hilliest run of my life thismorning ? on sore buns . twas painfully nice . now to make more parts of my body sore . trail ride-then home to seeeee everyone . successful nature weekend i must say :) 
insane in the membrane . gym and pirate party tomorrow . late night early morning . 
off to zeeeee pirate partay 
exhausted would be the word . off to drive two hours to angels camp only to wake up at 6 the next morning and leave . awesome . oh and no phone . 
wahh registration already . where did summer go ? 
goooooooodnight . gonna try and run in the morning ? well see how that one goes . 
crazyyyy night . long tennis filled day that started way too early . and now im ready for some spa and movies with my two best friends in the world :) 
my hair is purple ? ITS FRIDAY :) 
bahahaha . laughs in the morning at our stupid silliness . fun night ? YES . now for last day of summer rafting . and then last day of summer sushi . depressing and exciting at the same time . 
probably should get ready for school tomorrow ? soooo not excited anymore . 
had the best first day experience of her life ? if only school started at 10 i would be fine and dandy . 
is 17 in two hours :) soooo looking forward to the next three days . 
< PROPFEMALE > s making me change my status . obsessed much ? im going to do a < PROPFEMALE > status status right now and make it way unnecessarily long . soooooo i had a pretty awesome birthday . my room is FILLED with sunflowers because i have the < PROPMALE > amazing friends in the world . i spelled most wrong on purpose . sushi made me a food baby . plus brownies . thats gross . < PROPFEMALE > hates me . TOMORROW FAIR . DAY AFTER PARTY . theres a limit on these . 
continued ... just kidding ! no one finds this funny except us . laughoutloud . really . im so gay . 
i just hit my head really hard on my fridge while laughing . and < PROPFEMALE > peed her pants . for the second time this year . except this time it wasnt while running and she immediately corrected the situation . im crying . goodbye . sorry nord . japanese peiople put bad spelling juju and crack in oru sushi . 
first night of birthday weekend : is about to be spent at mitchells with cake pizza and a movie ! tomorrow :: RAGER . yess . 
ummm last night ? wtf ? bahahaha . i dont even know . 
goooood weekend . not sure what to thiink about some things . sad its over though . its gonna be a long week until this next weekend . get here nowwww . 
alsdkfjs ; alkfjas ; dlfkj . frustration . i wish everything was simple ? hittin the sack way early tonight . fell asleep in 3 periods . 
anddddd im over it . love that about my personality . MOMS OUTA TOWN THIS WEEKEND :D wootwoot . 
exhausted . run tonight wifff mamma . 
wayyy better mood :) unexpected . come weekenddd . 
wiff rirrian . rivaaa woooh . PHONES BACK . 
sick sick sick sick . fml . tennis match . 
stitches and the hopsital wasnt exactly how i wanted to start out my friday . not gonna let it ruin my weekend thoughh . which starts in about an hour :) 
a day of rest and fever and nowwww were out . 
woke up thismorning with no fever ! :) last night was funn . and birthday dinner tonightt . a little late haha but it happens . 
lie to me , i promise ill believe . lie to me , but please dont leave . 
is craving angels camp 
stitches are outt . new paranoia of fainting ? sleeeep time . 
happy birthday dad . 
loves the rain . fun night ahead :) 
weird ass night . EC TENNIS CARWASH AT HAGENS :) come visittt . 
3 hour nap was lovely . getting harassed on the corner was fun ? school tomorrow . the joys of my life . i love my sisterr . 
is loving the life she lives . 
so the domination of rios volleyball team is a wee bit of a touchy subject at the kirschke household . go figure . 
into the wild soundtrack and < PROPFEMALE > make my life . I LOVE MY PAINTING :) come faster weekend . < PROPFEMALE > Kingsbury 
take me by the hand and tell me you would take me anywhere . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > overdose . 
please get out of my life . 
\you had to know that i was fond of you . fond of y-o-u . \ " wooh endorphins . tomorrow will be a better day . " 
HOLY BOWL . get pumped . we have shirts . 
and the day of rest . gooood weekend . 
this weather makes me want to cry happy tears . 
i hate you broken hot water heater . 
sleeeeeping at paiges so i can take a hot shower in thee morninggg . sorry < PROPFIRST > for breaking your car ! 
GO EC . hiking half dome under the full < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow night to watch the sunrise from the top with two of mah best friends . beee jealous :) 
could not have had a more beautiful and happy weekend . no where else id rather be , and no one else id rather be with . 
college ? decisions ? not my favorite . sleep on the other hand . more at the top of my priority list . goodnight facebookers . 
WEEKEND :) took long enough . is going to be full of fun . 
jesuits homecoming-very very fun . made of honor now wif riry . 
random burst of happiness . walk with < PROPFIRST > and then time with < PROPFEMALE > . much needed . happy sunday :) 
family night :) desperate housewives . BRING IN THE COLD PLEASE . i am so ready . 
hates earth science 
ohhh piano . pulling at my heartstrings . 
MOST EPIC RAINBOW EVER . lovely rainy day . nowwww gym . 
day filled with much starbucks and some of my favorite boys :) i missed nafan . now sunflower with < PROPFIRST > ? yum . 
horror movie night at colins . wassupppp . alright cool bye . 
WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE . yes yes yes yes yes . and dennnn my seeesters surprise birthday party . a lovely saturday indeed . 
\youre as useful as a poop flavored lolipop ! \ " quality time with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > is always the best . our pumpkin is beautiful . " 
woooh match vs < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . ready to get smashed . 
kj ; alksdfja ; sldfjk annoying frustrating awful day . and no time for gym . awesome . at least greys anatomy tonight is a plus . 
outtt in rocklin . i misseddd my family . happy friday :) 
it is going to be a beautiful day :) 
doesnt like saw . loves < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . goodnight all . 
i hate you dmv . 
its crazy how much more work you get done at a library than at home . feeeeeeling accomplished . and tired . and happy to catch up with my cousin :) ready to go home now . cracked out redhead is creepin for sure . 
just experienced her first facebook poke . and cried like 6 times in sisterhood of the traveling pants . why dont i remember that movie being so sad . 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN :) got some lovely tennis and running in today . TRICK-OR-TREATING TONIGHT . look out for the powerpuff girlssss . 
what a night hhaha . it is now officially NOVEMBER . which means christmas season is in 26 days , and i get my license in less than three weeeeeks :) 
the < PROPFEMALE > is beautiful . gooo loooook . 
aasfjka ; fjkalkfjd . jumbled . in the worst way . 
had a successful night . and is feeling incredibly calm . 
yayyy yoga . today has been a successful day . and tomorrow will be bittersweet . 
wants to learn how to make littel pictures in my updates . they are cool looking . sleep . tomorrow homecoming . get pumped . 
long long night . my toe hurts . 
dejavu ? haha what am i even doing . im ready for christmas . fastforward please . 
solution to gross mondays at school- dont go . 
officially dislikes the term \talking \"?" 
loves her friendssss . and the fact that we can have fun doing anything . disney movie day for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
is a popsicle . but it was worth it to watch two of our sports teams dominate in one night :) and tomorrows FRIDAY . yessss . 
is having status writers block . ITS FRIDAY . the end . 
weird weird weird weekend . nice police man and chico = highlight . 1 week untill license . comee fasterrr . 
why is it always so cold in my house . fire and catcher in the rye ? equals lovely winter evening . 
\my lips are really chapped too ! i think its because i was bored ... \ " quote from my genius youngest sister . made us laugh . " 
is excited for this weekend . and ready for a change :) im overrr it . turns out im not a very patient person or all that into complications . going to sleep early so i can wake up and run . well see how that goes . 
< PROPFIRST > lautner . i am in love with you . all nighter with paigeeee . new < PROPFEMALE > was fantastic . 
new < PROPFEMALE > for the second timee . wooohoooo . 
\which came first ... the mushroom or the egg ? \ " \ " theres a rainbow in my mind ! \ " \ " everything is BEAUTIFUL . we are EXISTING\ " hahahahahaha . night to remember . love love love my friends . \ " we ARE the 60s \"" 
is a licensed driver :) 
hates it when history repeats itself . 
loveeee my grandparentals . gym time . woooh . 
buzz buzz 
its a brand new day , the sun is shining , its a brand new day . for the first time in such a long long time , i know ill be okay . 
abstract < PROPMALE > with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . perfect friday night . 
good weekend ? yes . \youre so beautiful youre the reason cave men wrote on walls\ " hahaha . christmas tree day today :) bring on the christmas music . " 
\grandpa shes going to have sexual intercourse with him ! \ " \ " the only type of course she should know anything about is the one on my gps . \ " bahahahaha i love my monday night family dinners . " 
loves the < PROPFIRST>' . anddd the fact that my house smells like brownies . goodnight facebook . 
thank you endorphins for this good mood . srp time . it begins and ends tonight . goooood luck self . NO DISTRACTIONS . 
accidentally did the number lock thing on my keyboard . and i dont know how to get it off . which is hugely preventing me from writting my srp . 
is gonna have a good night :) 
last night ? im retardedddd but what else is new hahaha . lazy sunday wif riry . house to ourselvesssyay . 
time to moveeeeee on . four christmases is hillarious . anddd gymm soon . come and go fast week . 
and then it was easier than i thought :) funny how things work . 
royceee coming over . skipping the gym to be a good friend :) and getting sick . no bueno . 
neeeeeds to stop being sick . 
goinnnn with the flow . good plan . better plan ? niquil at 230 . nappptime . 
wishing my life was like a love song . music does this to me . 
breakkkkk yessss :) come christmas and then come new years . 
no sleep equals bad moood . napptime . 
andddd my break is off to a perfect start :) 
bjs spa and sleep . all in good company . sounds like a perfect night to meee . 
jacuzzi in theeee rain :) 
:) such happy timessss . love me some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
i love me some cimanim toast crunch ... 
christmas light looking with the um main squeeze haha :) wooooooh christmas . 
smitten as a mitten . < PROPFEMALE > christmas facebook :) 
50 cent on christmas eve ... my sister really knows how to get into the holiday spirit . 
apples to apples on christmas < PROPFEMALE > with drunk old people new friends , < PROPFEMALE > and d . 
christmas with the entire family tomorrow :) the more loud and entertaining sideee . i cant wait . 
butterfliesss . and a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas . 
\ill just run two more < PROPMALE > when i get home\ " ... damn it . my laziness will be the death of me . " 
grk grk grk grk i cant waitttttt . 
why am i always sooooo cold . 
gymmm and haircut . i love my cousinn . 
avatar . and tomorrow morning grk . finally . 
listening to my mom sing < PROPFIRST > mccartney . oh how i love my family . 
why does school steal all my sleep from me . 
38 days until hawaii . warm weather pleaseeee . 
is happy as a clam . 
resisting the urge to nap anddd going to the gym . kudos to myself . 
onee day left until the weekend . thank god . 
hahahahahahahaha . my nights with < PROPFEMALE > . absolutely NEVER fail to be entertaining . i lubbb her . and we are probably not gonna get anyy sleep tonight . ftw . 
good weekend ? i think yes ? and nooo groundation for < PROPFEMALE > . 
school can suck it . im ready for graduation and europe . 
\you havent touched your milk ! \ " \ " yeah i gave up alcohol a long time ago \"- grandpa . " 
youd think falling asleep driving on the freeway would be a sign to go to sleep earlier ? but here i am on facebook . 
mylifeisaverage is possibly the most amazing website ive ever visited . 
tooo many naked old people in its complicated . 
just received her first parking ticket . thank you downtown . 
eventful night to say the least . toooo much drama mamma . 
:)))) gooood night . and offff to angels camp we go . 
saww this coming . andd lesson learned . 
two periods of mr macdonald starting tomorrow . fml . 
is a happy happy girl :) 
effff this . but no worries . my 18th birthdays only a million years away . 
whoa whoa whoa whoa . happy birthday kevvvv . AND OUT WE GO :) with pheonix in the backround . gonna be a gooooooodnight . 
\this blanket is like a fat guys tummy . its just everywhere\ " ahaa . ohh < PROPFEMALE > . off to watch theee little sisters kick ass in volleyball . " 
sushi with mommyyy . 
best tuesday ever ? i think yes . 
little sister just sleptwalked into my room and asked me where her foofak is ... 
had a beautiful day . especially loved the part where i realized how many things i have to look forward to in the next two weeks :) well that and the sunshine . 
one month fun month . WEEKEND . i missed you . 
sunburnt in january ... thats not suspicious at all . 
soresoresoreeee . all over . and yet you will be seeing me at the gym tonightttt . hawaii in 9 days :) 
just close your eyes and meet me in the sunshine . 
sad sad day . kingsbury family youre in my thoughts and prayers . i love you all . 
sunshineeeeeeee :) you are my love . 
we were certainly uncertain at least im pretty sure i am . 
sickk . lazy saturday , gym tonight , and paigeeee . HAWAII IN 5 DAYS . 
random ass night . goooood though . and now breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . superbowl sunday . and HAWAII IN 4 DAYS . cannot wait to get out of here . 
sleep time . hopefully done puking . school tomorrow ? we will see . 
okay , were not where i promised we would be by now . but maybe its a question of who would want it anyhow . 
one day left . ohhhsnap . 
wants to sleep but has to do laundry and pack . its a tragedy really . 
so um met my new bestfriend/beach volleyball partner . his name is igor . he is 80 years old . and hails from greece . 
clubbinggg in honolulu . sounds good . 
first year with a < PROPFIRST > and im in hawaii . cant really complain though ? happy < PROPFIRST > s day everyone :) 
some how always manage get myself into these situations . cooool < PROPFEMALE > . 
mardi grasss . night on the town with my \twin\ " sister ahaha . begins now . " 
burntttburntburnt . 
its sad how immensly a simple facebook chat can make you miss your best friend . and homeee . gah . 
knows that in being a vegetarian youre supposed to love ALL animals . but i am about ready to kill every pigeon in honolulu . 
will never be one of those girls . i guess catty girl drama just isnt my thing . 
its a good thing my sister isnt completely and totally irresponsible and doesnt get me grounded or anything . my babysitting days are over . 
shins and sunshine . perfect last day . home tommorrow :) 
a little out of my element . home i miss youuu . cant wait to see that cute boy thats picking me up from the airporttt :) 
mmmm :) river on a < PROPFEMALE > day . and vegan cookies ? AND < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > time ? best welcome home ever . 
so umm lost my car keys ... and my phone charger . disconnected from the world haha . 
has tooo much energy . nap plus endorphins equals no sleep for me tonighttt . 
sushi picnic in the sunshine wiffff my best friend :) 
is excited for tonightttttttt :) 
groundationn relaxation . isnt so bad . 
\i didnt know this party was murder mystery themed\ " hahaha . " 
dead phone . no charger . cooool . 
is in love with this day . weather is beautifulllll . 
loves those music inspired epiphanys . 
so random boy that eavesdrops on < PROPFEMALE > and my conversations at the gym and then gives me incredibly insightful advice . i dont kow you . but i want you to be my best friend . or marry you . or something . 
really wishes things were different . 
weird . ass . day . but good ? maybe ? time to be a chauffer to my sisters . little sunshines of my life that they are . 
pheonix . best friend . NIGHT OUTTT . noooo boundaries . gonna be a GOOD night . 
\it was a glorious day when i found out peanut butter patties were vegan . it was also a tragic day because i ate an entire box\ " ahahaha . i love you < PROPFIRST >." 
holy party . this weekend is going to be insane . beautiful day today . gonna get out and enjoy it in good company :) 
something always brings me back to you , it never takes too long . 
woooh for 110 dollar citations . 
pointless trip to the mall , my grandma talking to < PROPMALE > in french , and < PROPFIRST > forcing < PROPFIRST > to eat persimmon cookies that he hated hahaha . random afternoon to be sure . 
\you should invite my uncles dog ! \ " \ " greta ? \ " \ " no guadalupe . \ " hahaha . < PROPFIRST > WHY DOES YOUR UNCLES DOG HAVE A FACEBOOK . " 
all the senior ladiessss . the cold was worth it . you girls are savages . 
best week ever . 
goooood day . happy birthday < PROPFIRST > i love you :) tomorrow night is gonna be the shit . WEAR YOUR TOGAS PEOPLE . 
invite only people . unless you have gotten permission from < PROPFIRST > . dont expect to get in otherwiseeee . now its toga making timee :) 
oh my sickness . dear lord . 
whyyy < PROPFEMALE > do you do these things . 
in this crazy life , and through these crazy times , its you its you , you make me sing , youre every line youre every word youre everything . 
my grandparents are argueing about the existance of obama's birth certificate ... and < PROPFIRST > is getting it on video . story of my monday dinners at the grandparents house . politics OVERLOAD no thank you . 
wtf since when did it take a whole hour for brownies to bake . looks like its gonna be a long night for vanessaaa . 
happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > bowden . i woke up an hour earlier for your little birthday ass . love youuuu . 
new addition to the kirschke family is a wittle baby kitten that now goes by the name of sky and sleeps so adorably on my bed . 
< PROPFEMALE > in wonderland . pretty much stoked . 
kitten stepped on my keyboard and zoomed my screen . making this whole facebooking thing a little difficult . 
too much energy for this time of night . what to do . 
a smile is the only curve that can set things straight . 
needs some constancy in her life . 
hahaha bummer dudeeeee . happy friday still ? 
going to be a night of positive energy , positive people , and love love love . 
beautiful weekend beautiful weather beautiful people equals happy < PROPFEMALE > . 
dear previous owners of kitten : you SUCK for making her so addicted to human food that she will try to claw through a closed mouth to get to the popcorn they are chewing . 
camping trip . spring break . dillons beach . whose in . 
emotional day . to those people out there who this didnt touch or affect , i hope it doesnt take someone close to you actually dying for the message to get through . 
without < PROPFEMALE > my weirdness would go unappreciated . only she and i would harmonize our i love yous . true friendship . and thank you for not peeing on my leather seats . 
mmmmmm rainy days :) 
forever young , we'll live in bliss . 
is in the best mood ever . 
fainting at elpalmar ... not cool . wtf is wrong with me . 
camping tomorrowww woooh . slightly spur of the moment but exciting none the less . 
la vie est < PROPFEMALE > 
a moment , a love , a dream , a laugh , a kiss , a cry , our rights , our wrongs 
these words get overused , when we get up and over it and over them . 
some quality time with my seeeeester tonight thank youuu sunrise easter service for ruining my saturday night plans . 
< PROPFIRST > darko has ruined the easter bunnie for me . 
i dont give a flying fart in space if its easter . the gyms should not be closed . 
cooool speeding ticket today . just going 30 < PROPMALE > over the speeding limit . damn carpool < PROPFIRST > . positive side : no school tomorrow . i get to feel like a badass going to court hahaha . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a boss . < PROPFEMALE > is the grinch . and this is the best tuesday ever . 
beautiful day i would have to say . kinda loving my life at the moment . 
harmonizing in the sunshine . a much missed pastime . 
toooo lazy to go to the gym . runnn instead . sounds more relaxing anyways . 
bike . ride . its cold outside . 
successful weekend . now lovin the lazy < PROPFEMALE > sunday mhmmmm . 
reallyyyy not digging this whole phoneless thing . 
go away butterflies 
i think that possibly maybe im falling for you 
greeeeeeeeeeeeeen teaaaaaaaaa has a funny effect on < PROPFEMALE > and meeeee . eeeee . rhyme . teeheeeee . 
note to self . learn from mistakes . 
my crosseyed kitten likes to think shes a bird and sit on my shoulder . 
turn around < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I MORPHED INTO A FUCKING NINJA AND WENT ALL SILENCE OF THE LAMBS ON LILYS ASS . 
cereal for dinner . and a night of relaxationnn . sounds good to me . 
rugby game kyaking and a picnic . taking advantage of this sunshine . and toooonighttt :)))) . loving this saturday . 
today felt like summer . what a tease . 
issss not going home . 
4 mile run smelling orange blossoms the whole timeeee . feeling SO much better . 
first midnight sushi experience . anddddd crash time . 
just spent an hour trying to capture a diseased chicken in old fair oaks with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > to bring back to < PROPFEMALE > . hilarious fail . 
wants a pet flying lemur . 
what a fucking waste . 
\royce do you know what i feel like right now ..? legit\ " wonderful day of snowmobiling ahead of us . happyyyy frizidayyy :) " 
sore sore sore . burnt burnt burnt . and blistereddd . 
< PROPFEMALE > is a dd sluttt . love tonight . love my life . 
could not ask do a more beautiful escape . 
just wants a southern gentleman cowboy please . 
ohh i wish i was a punkrocker with flowers in my hair . 
gym and waffle barn in theee morning :) 
toooo much thinking and overanalyzing going on in mahh nogin . 
help im alive , my heart , it keeps beating like a hammer . 
< PROPFIRST > and i are the best kidnappers . 
is getting the iphone woot woot . until then no communication with the outside world . besides here . 
can someone tell me why i got not even two hours of sleep last night ... and have been completely wired all day . and now im wide awake . i feel like thats not normal . 
doesnt want to grow up . 
and in my heart is where ill keep you . 
senior ball dress i am GOING to find you today . 
got my temporary clunky new phone . text me your numbuhhhsss . 
is constantly looking over my shoulder when im running at night with headphones because im paranoid someone is going to come up behind me and kidnap me . and i ran into a bush . straight fell on the ground . 
is becoming a non patriotic citizen . i can only handle so much national anthem . RALLY COME NOW SO WE CAN GET THIS OVER WITH and so senior slide show and whole earth festival and senior ball can come that much faster :) 
accidentally got my mom a mothers card that says \what being your mother means to me\ " whooooops hahaha . " 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/vkirschke 
i tried to do handstands for you but everytime i fell for you . im permanently black and blue , permanently blue for youu . 
loves her life and the people in it :) havent been this happy in a long time . 
this is not happening right now . 
music you are the solution to all of my problems 
thank you day for being the most beautiful amazing wonderful day in the universe . IF ONLY I DIDNT CHIP MY HIPBONE ON MY CAR DOOR . geez . 
fastforward to europe please . 
my mom thinks im weird for being excited about getting drug tested . 
toooot tooot beeeep beeeep http://www.formspring.me/vkirschke 
is getting excited for the festivities this weekend will bring :) 
waking up at 5 in the morning for an x bike class ... i can do this . 
and no need to worry , thats just wastin time . no need to worry whats been on my mind , its you . 
loveeee this weekend . and paigeee . and my new iphone :) text me your numbersss . 
bbq at the kirschke household on this lovely monday . finally feels like summer . 
entertainn < PROPFEMALE > http://www.formspring.me/vkirschke 
senior portraits : complete success . < PROPFIRST > you are amazing . noww dinnertime with gregs grandparentals . 
xbike at 5 thismorning , thought it would give energy today . wrongggg . naptime please . 
ohhhh what a successful night . 
if you think that you'll never move on , you're wrong baby wrong . 
4 mile run to end the night . TWO DAYS UNTIL GRADUATION . TWO WEEKS UNTIL EUROPE . so much to doooooooo . i am IN love with my life at the momento . 
' s heart hurts . 
bluffs tonight with all the people i have come to love so dearly . goodbye childhood . hello realworld . 
whoever chalked my driveway \09 . \ " you've graduated . act like it . " 
last night was unreal . 
and you can't change the way i am . are you man enough to be my man . 
wonderful night . off to more grad parties . love love love summuh timeeee . 
so much painting going on in my house . getting handcrampsss . 
summer lovin ' 
had starbucks three times today ... im thinking it's time to cut down . 
thank you fray for serenading me with your amazing piano skills . goodbye angels camp , hello driving school in 7 hours . 
EUROPE IN THREE DAYS . get pumped . probably should start packing ... oh and grad party tomorrow for rirrian and i . we sent out invites and then realized we forgot a million people . i know its fathers day but if you love us and we love you youre welcome to stop by my house for swimming and foood after loving your fathers and whatnot :) 
happy fathers day dad . miss you every day . always in my heart . 
loves the weirdness of my friends . constant entertainment . 
EUROPE :) in 17 hours i will be in london . so unbelievably exciteddd . 
my body is numb . sooo tired that i ignored < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > when he tried to talk to me ? sorry < PROPFIRST > . first day in london : success . love this city . 
is in loveeee . not coming backk no way . 
ooh la la :) 
< PROPFIRST > holds the key to your heartt . 
parisss tomorrow you are my oyster . even though i feel like i have already walked all over every inch of you . je suis tres heureux et la ville et < PROPFEMALE > . beyond belief . 
feels soooo good to be home 
waking up in tahoeee to my loves and pancakes . perfectionn . 
rafting bbq heaven party . damn good fourth if i do say so myself . 
is being attacked by chickens in old fair oaks . ironic considering im the only one who chooses not to eat them and im the only one being attacked . 
bowling champ of the night woot woot . time to crash so hard . camping tomorrow then tahoe . busy busy . 
MY LUGGAGE HAS ARRIVED . aka everything i own . happiest day of my life . 
and the craziness never ends . 
woke up to love everyday this week in so many beautiful places . beyond happy . 
can't leave the house until i find my moms car keys anddd my black hole of a house has swallowed them . awesome . 
is tired of looking for stupid car keys . 
whoo wants a french exchange student from july 30th to august 19th ?? 
RAFTING TOMORROW AT NOON . AND I LOVE < PROPFEMALE > ZELLARS AND TAKE PICTURES WITH HER BECAUSE SHE IS MY BESTIE DAMMIT . 
my sunflower patch has come in :) makes me happyy . 
someone buy me starbucks :) 
to go out or not to go out . 
is in troubleeee . 
degrassi boiling pointtt wassupp . need to find new ways to entertain myself during this groundation period . facebook isnt really cutting it . \ 
http://www.formspring.me/vkirschke 
sleeeeeeeeeep . tomorrow day one of groundation . going to take advantage of my lack of a life to get back into shizapee . and read . a lot . weird that im a little bit excited . 
reading in my backyardd watching the sunset with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > on my lap who is ALIVE . thank goooodness . boiling point in a half hour and i am content with life . 
has a headacheee . 
is going to marry a musician . 
UNGROUNDED . even though technically i wasnt before . buttt phone and car are mine again wooohooo . 
cleaning the house on 4 hours of sleep is exactlyyy how i wanted to spend my sunday morning . 
7 months :) love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > carpenter . and dennys . 
wants to do something productive today . buttt can't get out of bed . problem . 
too much dennys resulting in a tummy ache . eating healthy re startingggg now . 
fucking love my life 
i love < PROPMALE > hehe :) 
ashhhkk me anyfingg http://www.formspring.me/vkirschke 
GRK TOMORROW . wifff my frenchies my best friends and my love . doesnt get any better . 
HI EVERYBODY I'M FRENCH ! 
dear college , please stop taking all my loved ones so far away from me . 
bittersweet . 
workout for the day : one legged vegetable larping because < PROPFEMALE > cut off my other leg with her cucumber . love it . 
it's a silly time to learn to swim when you start to drown . 
fantastic night . going to san < PROPFEMALE > today wiff all my favorite people to move < PROPFEMALE > bean inn . hating that everyone is going their seperate ways . 
could not be paid a million dollars to see the last exorcist . noooo way . 
ohhhhh chico . youuu are out of control . 
is the luckiest girl in the world to have experienced this kind of love . it's more than worth the hardest goodbye i've ever had to say . 
has school at 7 tomorrow morning . why cant i fall asleep boooo . 
reuniting with the gymmm . it has been much too long . first day of school = loveee the music aspect . everything else not so much . but what can you do . 
its weird that i no longer hear constant barking in my house . 
LEGAL :) thank you for all the happy birthday wishess ! 
loves being loved . 
skype skype skype ! vkirschke . woooot . 
new macbook pro :) 
newww musicaaa equals a very very very happy vanessaaa . 
studying in starbucks . i feel so grown up . 
ordering starbucks in british accents . only < PROPFEMALE > and i . mostly < PROPFEMALE > hahaha . 
wants to go to disneyland 
sushi , sorbet , kettle corn , < PROPFEMALE > , whip it , good music . perfection . and oh so needed . 
is in love with this weather . christmas i want you here now . 
being read < PROPMALE > potter to sleep by my boyfriend . only < PROPMALE > . 
just attempted a conversation with a deaf transvestite at thrift town about the sparkly shoes he/she wanted me to buy because they were too small for him/her . my day has been made . 
hates goodbyes 
morning spent with momma doing yoga , shopping , and getting pedicures , afternoon spentt having lunch with the girlsss , and tonight is date night . what a wonderful day indeed . 
is delighted by this overcast loveliness . 
is ready for change . 
ireland , england , austria , < PROPFEMALE > , 8 months and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and i will be backpacking all over your beautiful landscapess . 
my mom just announced that we will be having two korean exchange students for three weeks in january and i will be roomless ... sickkk . 
\its like air to me ! like some people get so happy from breathing ! i get happy from glee ! it helps me stay alive ! \"- jaimie zellars . " 
national hug a vegetarian day . HUGFEST OVER HURR . :) 
fucked up . 
4 hours of sleep all weekend , and im not tired at all and attempting sleep is not working out . mystery to me . 
is going to get fat off of all this god damn cookie dough in my house . yumyummm . 
cheetah ducktaped my phone . coffee time . 
just drank caffeine for the sole purpose of being able to stay up and read my book . what a nerd i am . 
CHICO . 
tell me why i have gotten up expecting to walk , and fallen on the ground from both of my legs being asleep multiple times this week . 
mumumumumford and sons vous êtes mon amour . 
jam sesh and now vocal class . an afternoon of music and i am content . 
home alone with drunk old men in my jacuzzi ... 
needs a jobbbb . 
<3 coffee dates 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > IN TWO DAYSSS to visit my rirrian . oh so happy . 
coconut water is gross . no matter how good it is for you . yuck . 
its a rittre bit chirry . 
home sweet home . happy birthday to the best little sister anyone could ask for :) 
late night run . 
100 spent at barnes and nobles . i am SO ready for this rainy season . 
is scared for her life . whoever gave my sister her license has some serious issues 
more excited to pass out < PROPFEMALE > and watch hocus pocus in my oversized slightly ridiculous halloween sweatshirt than i am for my weekend in chico . odd ? 
costumes , check . late night long ass run with < PROPFIRST > , check . making of baby sisters costume , check . now for some reading and tomorrow CHICO . 
are you < PROPMALE > ? were trying to find < PROPMALE > . 
love my girlsss . round two tonight . god help us . 
fuck drinking , its chico , lets ride some horses 
chico killed my phone . rip my life . 
cannot wait to attend a college with a smoke free campus . 
3 weeks until christmas season . im going to die of anticipation . 
13 years today . love you for too much ever . 
refreshed and inspired . 
im a poop face and use my really cool sister laurens labtop without asking !!!!!!! 
when did i become so intolerant of the cold i used to love . tragedy . 
itsss bring < PROPMALE > to school day today . because ar is DUMB and doesnt give us veterans day off . 
getting tatted :) 
something good this way comes . 
maybe i wanna do what bunnies do with you , if you know what i mean 
<3 my sisters . 
in the spirit of autumn , i think it's time to turn over a new leaf . 
CHRISTMAS SEASON STARTS TODAY . happiest time of my life . 
listening to christmas music in my kitchen with my family < PROPFEMALE > Zellars < PROPFEMALE > Neu and < PROPFEMALE > Bowden . < PROPFEMALE > jolly < PROPFEMALE > happiness . 
\i eat raw eggs every day . they taste like old ladies panties . \ " - < PROPFIRST > troiano . " 
whoo wants to bring me breakfast in bed 
tea in my snowflake mug , peppermint dark chocolate , and sufjan < PROPFIRST>'s christmas album . 
very very seriously consideringg dying my hair a dark auburn . 
drank an energy drink expecting to need to stay up late ... finished everything in way less time than i expected ... now im bored and completely wired . well poop . 
christmas in italy ? well alright . 
< PROPMALE > matthews , i sincerely thank you for making my mornings bearable . 
got recognized at starbucks today as \that girl that fell and messed up her face on her dresser that one time\ " ahahah oh fun times . " 
so many old people in traffic school . freakin adorable . 
singing christmas songs . in my happy placee . 
christmas shopping with kev , christmas light looking with family friends , and a night out with all the girls i love the most . what a wonderful evening ahead of me :) 
so-pissed-a-faded . sophistifaded . sophisticated . 
grk bound with my beautiful best friends on this fine morning . 
love these late night heart to hearts . 
it has been brought to my attention that i might have a slight starbucks addiction . possibly . 
emergency rooms freak me out . 
nothing like spending your friday morning with your openly racist grandfather at the dmv . 
and everyone says , you've just got to let it go 
sick sick sick sick . 
beautiful day to have strep throat 
accidentally jammed a nickel in my steering wheel so now i seem like some asshole who lays on my horn when i turn . the clinking is mildly entertaining though . 
drive to chico plus ridiculous fog equals possible death . pray for the safety of < PROPFEMALE>'s angus burger . 
these next two months are going to pass way too sloww . countdown to hawaii begins now :) 
worst . tummy ache . ever . 
it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood . oh how i have missed the sun's warmth . 
< PROPFEMALE > Zellars is the creepiest person ever . it makes my life . 
i wish texting was never invented . 
i thought hurricane season was over 
absolutely should not be awake this early . americas got talent auditionsss with < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > we will see how this goes . 
so grateful on this beautiful day to have the most amazing friends in the universe . 
time heals all wounds 
on n'aime que ce qu'on ne possède pas tout entier . 
and there will come a time , you'll see , with no more tears\ 
and love will not break your heart , but dismiss your fears 
all i want is the sun 
I love my little sister jordanne so much . wow i wish i was as cool as her when i was a freshman <3 
my name is < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Kingsbury is my favoritest person in the entire world and possibly even the entire universe and i love her with all of my sparkling sunflowered heart ! 
thank you spring for bringing the wonderful smell of orange blossoms back into my neighborhood runs . 
whoooo wants to accompany me on an adventure to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > this weekend . i need a driving < PROPMALE > . 
running out of gas on the highway , right in front of a state prison , in a town that spells like cow poo , being rescued by some very intense religious folks , now finally homeward bound . sunday not so funday . 
feeling nostalgic . i miss simplicity . 
im never going to forget this moment , but not going to remember it in the morning . obsessed . i am retardedly obsessed with my best friends . SICK JOKE 
its one of those stay in and write music kind of days 
well looks like i left my voice in san < PROPFIRST > 
our heater is broken ... sick joke . 
ready for some CHANGE . bring on the sunshine and bring on the new beginnings . 
new phone with no < PROPFIRST > , fixittt :) unless you're a member of the male race . then i hate you . 
hawaii in less than two weeks ... time to start preparinggg 
hawaii , summer , mexico , moving to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , all in the next 4 months ... is this real life ? 
lost my keys . in my house . THE BLACK HOLE SUCKED THEM UP . 
i am in serious need of a late night gym < PROPMALE > . 
was just sitting innocently in my car in my driveway listening to music and my PSYCHO cat sneak attacks me from my roof and claws my face through the crack in sunroof . COOL ZOEY . thanks for making me look like scar . love you too . 
happy is the heart that still feels pain , darkness drains and light will come again . 
oh hawaii how ive missed you :) 
found out the man of my dreams resides and performs on the streets of oahu . wonderful . 
so . much . food . hawaiian buffets equal death . 
plans on having a swissstastic weekend :) 
homeward bound , so bittersweet . until next year paradise . 
having the most wonderful day . filled with friends and family and productivity and the smell of orange blossoms , with a jam packed weekend just around the corner . 
in my happy placeeee 
thank god for randomly nice people at gas stations . i would just leave my phone chillin in the gum section and not notice until 45 minutes later . 
