Happy New Year folks . 

is saying goodnight to those that like myself have not gone to bed yet . 
listening to the Presets ; wondering if they have a new album coming out . 
well this is unusual . 
song searching . 
< PROPFEMALE > , gee I think you're swell and you really do me well , you're my pride and joy , et-cetera . 
got an old alarm clock working . 
wants to make a cabochon cutting machine instead of having to buy one for over $ 1,500 . 
is discovering < PROPFIRST > Sparro . He's pretty good . 
also found Langhorne Slim . 
is loving < PROPFIRST > Sparro's lyrics right now . Black and Gold is amazing . 
going to a rock and gem show tomorrow at the Puyallup fairgrounds . 
made a cabochon at the expense of some skin and nails . 
wishes < PROPFEMALE>'s cat would stop jumping on the printer . 
loud music carries well in single level houses . 
enjoying music I haven't listened to in a while . 
Enjoying some new music thanks to < PROPFEMALE > . I bought Basement Jaxx and two other albums . THANK YOU < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
listening to < PROPFIRST > Boy on Poison . 
Baby Darling Doll Face < PROPFEMALE > . Ms. < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Loehr , please check out Band of Skulls and tell me what you think . 
Villette and Sea Change are on their way , but < PROPFIRST > Onegin is on backorder , damn . 
I found my marbles !! 
listening to Basement Jaxx . 
listening to Band of Skulls- I know what I am . 
Finished reading Bram Stoker's Dracula , on to < PROPFEMALE > Austen's Sense and Sensibility . 
was going to watch a movie but completely spaced while reading book reviews . 
\what about the R . O . U . S . ' s ? \"" 
Off to read < PROPFEMALE > Austen . 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day my friends . Much love to everyone . 
off to get a baseball bat . 
watched Whip It . I'm loving < PROPFIRST > Barrymore's directorial debut . 
I'm < PROPFIRST > the Vlll I am . Just felt like doing that . 
June 4th , 5th , and 6th come to the Puyallup Valley Gem and Mineral Club Show at the Fruitland Grange Hall . Its on the corner of 86th Ave and 112th ( west of the South Hill mall ) . There's no saying you don't like rocks , you just haven't seen the right ones yet . 
off to clean gem tree base rocks . 
just saw a picture of a camel spider . thanks , but hell no . 
just got back from a big fossil hunt . picked up some nice leaf fossils and some reeds . 
sickness makes the mind grow fuzzy . 
Who remembers Scamper the Penguin ? 
Bad , bad , < PROPMALE > Brown 
That makes it the second time I've had to play the messenger for rock club . 
Finished reading < PROPFEMALE > so the time to watch < PROPFEMALE > has begun . 
two ibuprofens and a nice soft bed . I think I like this combination . 
( Thanks < PROPFIRST >!) -It takes 7 seconds for food to pass from mouth to stomach . A human hair can hold 3kg . The length of the penis is three times the length of the thumb . The femur is as hard as concrete . A woman's heart beats faster than a man's . Women blink twice as much as men . We use 300 muscles just to keep our balance when we stand .... The woman has read this entire post . The man is still looking at his thumb ..... 
found neave.com to be a very good website for curing boredom or enabling procrastination . 
will never be able to look at < PROPFIRST > Snipes the same way again , after To Wong Foo . 
You can do what you want The opportunity's on And if you find a new way You can do it today You can make it all true And you can make it undo 
turns out that if your ancestors are from Europe or < PROPFEMALE > there is a good < PROPMALE > that you are related to neanderthals . 
really needs to stop doing this . night folks . I almost called you all forks . 
June 4th ( Noon to 6 pm ) , 5th ( 10 am to 5 pm ) , and 6th ( 11 am to 4 pm ) come to the Puyallup Valley Gem and Mineral Club Show at the Fruitland Grange Hall . 112th Street and 86th Ave E ( west of the South Hill mall ) . There's no saying you don't like rocks , you just haven't seen the right ones yet . 
really needs to stop staying up so late . 
Thank you to everyone that sent a birthday post ! 
of all the things to be allergic to , I get stuck with band aid glue . 
It's not easy having yourself a good time ... 
the time for song and dance is nearing its end for today . damn . 
doesn't appreciate being called \sweetie \"; especially by a woman she doesn't think too highly of . " 
has a 3-foot helium balloon in her room . 
is listening to a song that has popping noises like an instant message . 
watched Breakfast on Pluto today . Cillian Murphy amazes me . 
thought yesterday was today . Grooving to Goldfish . 
how I can listen to two songs over and over again without getting bored , I'll never know . Maybe its just too catchy to get bored with . 
riddle me this . What creature goes on four feet in the morning , on two at noonday , on three in the evening ? 
For some I go fast , for others I'm slow . To most people , I'm an obsession . Relying on me is a well practiced lesson . What am I ? ( You may ask for a clue if you need one ) 
A dog is tied to a leash 15 feet long . The dog wants to get to a bone that is 20 feet away . How will he get to the bone ? 
has very lucky relatives , they get pumpkin chocolate chip cookies tomorrow . 
another riddle for you . Thirty white horses on a red hill , First they champ , Then they stamp , Then they stand still . 
a red-headed terror has invaded my lap , caused my foot to fall asleep , and purrs while trying to bite me . 
I wouldn't call myself a hermit but I didn't really know how much I enjoy my alone time , at home , until this past week . 
got to love Sly and the Family Stone . DANCE TO THE MUSIC ! 
night people . 
Shall I spare you from my weirdness ? Hmm , I'm thinking , no . Last night I heard my mama singin ' a song , Ooh-We Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep , Woke up this morning and my mama was gone , Ooh-We Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep , Chirpy Chirpy Cheep Cheep Chirp . 
would you believe me if I told you an opossum could have snuck into the house if I hadn't been looking for where the cat was escaping from just a few minutes ago ? 
put up pictures of the opossum from last night . 
Ok , I may like Twilight ( say what you will ) but I think \Vampires Suck\ " looks hilarious . " 
is making shortbread . If you can screw up a three-ingredient recipe there is something wrong with you . 
doesn't < PROPFIRST > Meyer understand that I can't make pumpkin chocolate chip cookies without canned pumpkin ? 
love the fact that I can listen to oldies music and know most of the lyrics . 
you don't tug on Superman's cape , you don't spit into the wind , you don't pull the mask off that old Lone Ranger , and you don't mess around with Slim . 
off to battle the dishwasher . 
absolutely love < PROPFIRST > C . Reilly's version of Mister Cellophane . 
was recently introduced to < PROPFIRST > LaMontagne's music . All I can say is ,... wow . 
< PROPFIRST > Dowd , keep an eye on your pond , raccoons ate another fish from ours . 
Who needs a handyman when you have your own cordless drill ? Be afraid , be very afraid . 
\I wanna put on my my my my my boogie shoes\ " . That song really does make me want to get up and dance poorly . " 
who knew you could catch a raccoon with marshmallows ? Today was fun . 
Paolo Nutini , I am definitely loving you right now . 
I swear there has to be a plane dragging a sign across the sky that says \Call the LeMay house at _ _ _-_ _ _ _\ " today . 3 calls within half an hour this morning and another one just now . STOP CALLING !!!!!!!!! " 
feels like a slave . These animals are spoiled rotten . 
listening to old music . Would rather be making cream puffs but I'm missing an ingredient . 
teaching myself morse code . 
Can't help but love Cillian Murphy , even when he plays a villain . 
* Warning ! * Cousins , look away !!! I made cream puffs ! 
Thinking I might do some cabbing later today , that would be a good way to kill some time . 
now I'm all excited ! I have a job interview Wednesday ! 
I know what I am , they know what they are , so let me be ..., Band of Skulls , you are good . 
I'm liking the sun but hoping it doesn't get too warm tonight . 
bullies piss me off 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! There's an American version of Let The Right One In coming out !!! I don't know if I'm feeling excited or disappointed or a crazy combination of both . 
job interview went well . The owner said that even if I don't get hired she would like to see me selling cabochons at the store so thats all good . 
And nothin's gonna bring me down . Not today , no , no 
I've noticed that a lot of the older people I know ( 70+) wink when something amusing happens . I love it , why don't we do this ? 
I suppose I'll finish listening to Paolo , then go to bed 
sleep now , night people . 
has a mostly-shaved cat huddled in her lap . 
Happy to be free of the munchkin for a few hours . 
< PROPFIRST > Dowd ! Where did you go ??!! 
Will be at the gem and mineral booth in the hobby hall on Tuesday from 4 to 7 pm . Maybe I'll see some people ? 
Would you believe me if I told you I found another opossum in cat-jail ? 
attempting to battle a cold without any medications . I think I'm winning . 
gargling salt water , drinking tea with < PROPFEMALE > , and using a neti pot saved me from a nasty cold . 
does anyone remember an old animated movie with dragons and an evil/cursed < PROPMALE > ? I've been racking my brain and searching all over the internet and can't find it . Suggestions are much appreciated . 
is debating whether or not I'm going to bake something for those crazy rock people I've come to know and love . 
< PROPMALE > Nilsson , I like your style . 
getting ideas for carving pumpkins . This is gonna be fun . 
enjoying some oldies . 
is wearing purple because I give a damn 
you heard the doctor . put de lime in de coconut and drink ' em bot ' togedder , you silly woman 
I spoil those rock people too much . Baking pumpkin-chocolate chip cookies for them . 
interview at < PROPFIRST > Meyer on Monday . Feeling good about this one . 
interview is being rescheduled . Something with management postponing hiring people . At least they called before I left the house . 
based on my taste in music , I should be nearing 50 or 60 instead of 20 . 
found a kindred spirit in a garden gnome . 
ahahaha ! YES !!! Interview with < PROPFIRST > Meyer tomorrow for the last opening ! Can you tell I'm very excited about this ? 
if I get hooked on Glee its my own fault . I recorded it for the < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show episode . 
kind of stuck on oldies music 
spent too much time carving another pumpkin to do skeleton face paint . See Domo in the Halloween picture album . 
Look at your status , now back to mine , now back to yours , now back to mine . Sadly , yours isn't mine . But if you stopped posting about other things and made this your status , yours could be like mine . Look down , back up . Where are you ? You're on Facebook , reading the status your status could be like . I'm on a computer . 
I dislike colds with a passion . 
There's nothing more beautiful than the mountains when the sun is shining . Too bad the rain ruined that . 
Sondre Lerche , you soothe my soul . 
cheek swab drug test today . Definitely better than the alternative . 
finding myself deeply disturbed by a certain religious group that shall remain nameless . 
The best music really does come from commercials . 
Thursday I sign the employment papers , orientation Saturday . I'll be missing hands-on but I wasn't really going to do anything there , so no big deal . 
successfully made chocolate chip cookies with my own recipe . Sure , there are some adjustments I want to make but that was fun . 
today was fun . Missed the bus , walked up a hill , turned down the wrong street , turned around , walked back down the hill , turned down another wrong street but kept going , turned right , got sort of lost , turned left , went on not knowing if it was the right way , ( continued in comment ) 
spent my first official day as a < PROPFIRST > Meyer employee learning what goes on behind the curtain . 
listening to the same three songs over and over should get boring but < PROPFIRST > Hayes just doesn't . 
I feel like a total nerd and I'm not ashamed to say it . I just got a ton of books , ranging from < PROPFEMALE > Austen to The Princes Bride . Lets just say I went on a literature binge . 
Whether the chills are coming from the music or the cold , I cannot tell , but I'm enjoying the music anyway . 
Just read about North Korea and South Korea had a blowout . Hoping it cools down and nothing more happens . 
IMDb , here I come . 
< PROPMALE > Hollander , you make me despise you , you're such a good actor . 
The love a person can give is the foundation on which life stands . 
Listening to one of the greatest songs I've ever heard , waiting for an Italian cheesecake to cool . 
There is a reason to be mindful of chickens . There are more of them than there are humans . Try not to tick them off . 
lets see how much of The Hunchback of Notre Dame I can get through . After watching the 1939 version , I feel obligated to finish the book . 
Thinking , thinking , thinking . Thinking too much , I think . 
shake , shake , shake , Senora , shake your body line ! 
started my very own checking and savings accounts today . This is exciting . 
yeah , I was definitely born in the wrong decade . Disco music really gets me going . 
who calls at 11:00 at night ? Thanks for the scare random caller . 
First day as a fruit basket hostess went well . 
Why must I be such a music nut ? 
I'm going to end up buying all of < PROPFIRST > Hayes ' albums , I just know it . 
yeah , my sister's cat is in my lap . he decided to kick me , I screamed and then laughed at myself . 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
enjoying some music before bed . 
possibility of a lost civilization found under the Persian Gulf ? This could be big . 
I wash my sweater and my cat drools on it , great . 
just finished watching \Going the Distance\ " . That's definitely one of the better movies I've seen in a while . " 
working from 10am to 7pm tomorrow . They say business picks up about this time , I'm hoping they're right . 
Happy to have a day off tomorrow . Not happy to have to work every day afterward , 8 hours a day , on my feet in a building with concrete floors . At least it's closed Christmas Day . 
2 days down , 3 to go . At least we have a rubber mat to stand on . 
in the mood for Onegin and pomegranate seeds . I have neither . 
3 more books from my list are on their way . Now I just have to decide the order in which I read them . Maybe draw titles from a hat . 
is officially on the schedule for the service deli next week . Now I just need to get a food handler's permit . 
by no means am I a fast reader , but I finished a great science fiction book in three days . 
Put on your high heels and give it to me baby , put on your high heels and give it to me yeah . 
Wearing a hairnet isn't all that bad so long as you don't catch a glimpse of yourself in a reflection , then it becomes comical . I'll opt for the hat , thanks . 
Hoping to get a hat today , no more hairnets . 
I'm such a nerd . More books arrived today . Now I'll have even more trouble deciding what to read next . 
Evidently I'm doing very well for someone that hasn't been fully trained . 
Chicken curry on Greek pita is a very satisfying option for lunch . 
\Can the ceiling be closer so I can walk on the ceiling ? \ " That was priceless . " 
I could happily do without some of the customers I've helped . Especially the ones that watch you accidentally burn yourself and don't show the slightest interest in whether you're ok or not . 
If everything is as it should be , I work from 4 to 8 and then I'm off until Saturday . 
The only thing better than listening to the soundtrack to Breakfast on Pluto is watching the movie . Cillian Murphy makes such a good lookin woman . 
\Till the Sun Turns Black\ " was worth the wait . " 
Had raw sushi for the first time today . The salmon was delicious . 
Found out I had a shop class with one of the parcels at < PROPFIRST > Meyer . I'm more connected to that place than I thought . 
I have a new found respect for < PROPMALE > . Way to go , sir . 
You know you're different when you almost hyperventilate over a rock . Hell's Canyon petrified wood is gorgeous . 
I kind of want to punch Rush Limbaugh in the face . I don't think I'd feel guilty about it later , either . 
Hiccuping busboys and loud conversations in adjacent booths made dinner at McGrath's last night very enjoyable . \I'm not f**king Captain Planet\ " . Priceless . " 
Never do I want to do that again . Closing by yourself at a < PROPFIRST > Meyer deli is hell . 
Borders cancelled my order for < PROPFIRST > Onegin . This didn't make me happy . I went to Amazon and found it for 10 bucks less , with a better cover . Sorry Borders , your nemesis has better prices and they have what I want in stock . 
Stepping on a clamp-bar with bare feet is not pleasant , but good music is a wonderful distraction . 
My copy of < PROPFIRST > Onegin was in Seattle at 7:41 last night . That means either today or tomorrow I'll have yet another book to add to my always growing \read pile \"." 
Will be attempting to make chocolate eclairs today . Choux pastry , please don't fail me know . 
We'll journey to Mars , and visit the stars , finding our breakfast on Pluto . 
