Is now officially employed . POVERTY NO MORE ! 

just wants you all to know : Bag of D's * and * D-bag . KNOW THE DIFFERENCE . 
saw \Up\ " . It was good . " 
is in all sorts of pain . 
wonders where he goes from here , now that the words are coming out all weird . 
Is once again in all sorts of pain . Better this time , though . 
has a sprained thumb , one less pint of blood , and a summer full of opportunity ! 
is thinking it's one of those nights where you really want to talk to somebody , so you stare at facebook for HOURS waiting in vain for them appear . 
is as sober as a judge . 
Spent most of the day napping or relaxing . 
wonders if he goes to sleep now , will all the annoying people be dead by the time he wakes up ? 
just noticed that one of his shows from 2 or 3 weeks ago has his new HIGH SCORE for listener-ship . Woo 120 downloads ! =D 
has been playing rock band 2 while tangling himself up in blue . 
has lot of water under the bridge , lot of other stuff too . Going to < PROPFEMALE > out with Faeries for a few days . 
knows space is the place . 
just beat Half-Life 2 . OH SHIIIIIII .... 
is taken in by the ecstasy of gold 
just ate cookies made with real butter and milk chocolate for the first time in over a year . < PROPFEMALE > be thy name . 
guesses that has and always will be the story of his life . 
is back , baby ! 
doesn't want to be redundant , but it really is the story of his life . 
wants the Warriors to come out and play . 
My attorney had never caught on to the notion espoused by some former drug users that you can get a lot higher without drugs than with them . And neither have I , for that matter . 
is down in KPSU ( 1450 AM in Portland , www.kpsu.org online ) re-airing the metal and moku show . And then , at midnight , AUDIOBOOKS ! Tune in , maybe ? 
is full of fight and confidence . 
should have been asleep hours ago . Instead , he watched \The Godfather Part II\ " and reflected on things . " 
is definitely still awake . And definitely should not be . 
exists in a plane of reality all his own . 
is full of enough teenage angst to listen to three crappy bands all at once . 
is a powder keg of emotion and knowledge . 
is a hopeful pessimist . And a spiteful friend . 
suddenly feels a great deal better . He loves late nights that look like they're going to be mind-bendingly depressing but end up being totally awesome . Go epiphanies . 
is listening to old Radiolab shows . You should be too . 
may have to buy the ticket and take the ride . 
believes it is possible that several preconcieved notions were incorrect , and that some others , despite conflicting evidence , remain true . 
wants to be part < PROPMALE > Thompson , part < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , and part Schwarzwald . 
has heard that the problem with eating and driving is not being able to employ the 10-2 hand position on the wheel . Which , as he understands , is a matter of public safety . 
had 5 caffeinated beverages . No wonder midnight feels like 8 . 
has finally been left 4 dead . 
had lots of yoga yesterday , dreams that ought not be metioned last night , and a very sore body this morning . 
got rejected by the red cross for the second time in two weeks . For the next few days , he'll be eating nothing but corrugated iron . 
is death from above . 
gave blood today . HA ! Those punks thought they could keep me out ! Well , I showed them ! WITH MY BLOOD ! 
sometimes just wants to yell \fuck\ " at the top of his lungs . At children . In hot topic . " 
is slowly losing his god-damned mind . 
is thinking about candied apples and razor blades :) 
is slowly and painfully learning to let shit go . 
won't be using facebook for at least a week . At all . It's a test to see if I should just delete the damn thing all together . 
Till sour grapes will turn to wine , and it's all just vinegar with time . Wooooah ? 
is the best kind of pessimist . 
: Because people won't sneer at themselves . 
lost his wallet . 
has found his wallet . All plans that were put off today due to wallet loss are rescheduled for next weekend . 
Well ... it's February again . 
is somewhere in the between . 
is everything under the sun is in tune , but the sun is eclipsed by the < PROPFEMALE > . 
' s rabbit chewed through his mouse cord . He is surfing the internet and doing computery things without it . 
had one of among the best weekends . 
is learning all the right lessons at all the wrong times . 
been through the ringer and < PROPMALE > up to dry . 
need not question what is right : He knows what is right . He need only question his will to do right . 
is surrealism incarnate . 
is a sore , beaten , happy son-of-a-bitch . 
thinks that today was perfect Oregon weather . And about damn time . 
is going to get some Pi-day pie and toast to Einstein . 
is slowly but surely becoming an expert on hormones and behavior . 
is just a < PROPFEMALE > tear from his mother dear -hic- . 
would like to think that , with it being spring break and all , he could just relax a little . But there's always something that'll set people back . 
is on the pursuit of happiness . 
just stopped in to see what condition his condition was in . 
40 hours of Mass Effect later ... 
Hey , I'm < PROPMALE > fucking Barlow . I'm gonna go be < PROPMALE > fucking Barlow not on facebook . 
Man , fuck it . 
celebrated the last day of spring break with vodka and without regret . 
has returned to the world of academia . And by God , what a world ! 
had one of the best days of his life . 
I feel like a million bucks . 
can neither confirm nor deny this . 
is building a religion . He is building it bigger . 
believes that facebook is only good for organizing belegarth events . 
When that sun came up , I was there to say \what up \"." 
and fuckin ' magnets . How do they work ? 
Mowed my first lawn today . Probably the last time I ever do that ... 
If I could murder a day of the week , it would be Monday . I'd drug it , sneak into its apartment , break its legs , beat it senseless , then toss it off of the roof . Then I'd beat the living hell out of Sunday just so the rest of the week knows not to fuck with me like Monday . 
is twice as sweet as a Christmas cake , but only half as seasonal . 
A man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones . 
Today , I suppose , nobody wins . Chalk this one up to experience . And better luck next time . 
wants you to hit him as hard as you can . 
is sitting and waiting for a sign that coming days will be alright . 
thinks that on some mornings , < PROPMALE > Young is warranted . 
The message is not , then , to continue the struggle no matter what . The message is to pick your battles and bide your time when struggle is not the favorable course . 
is what was and will be what he wouldn't . 
Phone = Missing 
hurts so good . Ashland kicked ass . 
Make history ! Explosions ! Floods of passion and rage ! Be the first in ! Get your tickets now ! Also , my phone is still lost . 
I mean ... whatever . Y'know what I'm saying ? Like ... just whatever . 
Hey somebody , won't you turn your head and take a look my way ? 
Oh , hey 3am . I haven't see you for awhile . What am I doing here ? Oh , you know . Figured I'd stop in , as long as I was in the neighborhood . 
is dropping that legal shot . 
Head+Desk . 
knows that if it wasn't for the snake , his bones were gonna bake . 
is days away . 
might have serious issues : he feels serious anxiety when meeting new people and hanging out with friends , but feels incredible relief and even joy when somebody says they hate his bullshit and never want to hear from him again . <3 
It looks strangely like \National sleep deprivation day\ " on facebook . Are finals getting to people already ? " 
It's probably a good thing that I'm not a psychic . 
wrote it in a notebook that somebody let him borrow . 
Man . What a night . Fuck yeah . 
I mean ... why not ? 
is slowly but surely losing what little is left of his mind . 
God ... I love summer . 
thinks he'll have himself a beer . Or 30 . 
' s past was close behind . 
When in doubt , blow it up . 
has internet again . Not that it matters . 
No sleep + Sailor < PROPFIRST>'s + Nice days in July = God I love life . 
is a wicked trench-rat . 
One day . Someday I suppose . 
hooks that shit up legit . 
There has to be some kind of way out of here ... 
So what we do is this : Take a fucking brisket , cook it in some sweet ass onions , get some fucking cheese and roast beef , slap it all together between a layer of latkas , put THAT in between two slices of ciabatta and then EAT THE BEST GOD DAMN SANDWICH EVER . Which is actually made with a little deli turkey and mustard . <3 . 
is seeing double at the triple rock . Shit , man . 
sees it all coming . Wet nights ahead . A good to follow them . 
What I am isn't what I was supposed to suppose myself to be when what I wasn't was what I was . 
Annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnddddddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee , aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnndddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeee , aaaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnnnnddddddddddddeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee , I've got something special to show you . 
is rockin it PDX academic style . 
' s intentions are good and < PROPMALE > and true . But under his hood ? Well , you know the story . 
had a bad waking up . We'll see if the day follows suit . 
had salvation a la mode and a cup of tea this morning . 
Please go away , won't you leave me alone ? 
is a stranger , and people are strange . 
Don't ask don't tell ? More like do ask and oh , do tell . 
Came back home either too late or too early . I hate my luck . 
has people to talk to but nothing to say . Or ... is it the other way around ? 
calls upon storm , earth , and fire . 
laughs and makes money . 
To all the freaks out there , always remember the weirdness . On a day like today it's out in the open and in the air . In a few days time and people might think it's all gone and life will roll on normally until next Halloween . Be ever mindful of the strange that waits just on the other side of normal . Happy Halloween . 
is celebrating the dead the only way he knows how . 
Rough night for the Democrats . Given voting trends after Bush was elected , however , I'm not too surprised . Give it another 8 years and the pendulum will swing back . Too bad about Measure 74 , though . 
Remember , remember . Some days you just gotta try to blow up parliament ' cause the < PROPMALE > won't stop being a < PROPMALE > . 
Give , unrestrained , the old emotion , \ 
The bliss that touched the verge of pain , \ 
The strength of Hate , Love's deep devotion , \ 
O , give me back my youth again ! 
The world at 4:20 am is not so different than the world at 4:20 pm . The similarities go beyond even the obvious assumptions that those times imply . 
Oregon vs . Cal . Paquiao vs . Maragarito . < PROPMALE > vs . Wild Wings . Highlights of the evening include several inappropriate comments made by the members of Dunbar , party of five . 
is a little pissed off that a few dumbasses had to ruin 4loko for the rest of us . Not that there was much to ruin , mind you , but people should really know better than to mix lots of booze with lots of caffeine . 
http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/Drug_danger_and_dependence.png . I politely ask any observers to note the position the three most prevalent drugs in the US : Caffeine , Alcohol , and Nicotine . 
is your brain on drugs . 
Did somebody say \sit-ups ? \"" 
just read that < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > got busted for possessing pot . I don't think I need to go into what about this is funny and what about this is frustrating . 
is flying on instruments . First they got Carlin , and now this . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > had better keep a low profile for a bit . 
Marble Zone 
Boss mode active . FINALS , ROUND ONE : FIGHT ! 
wants to know why so many people are just now thinking having a cartoon as their profile picture is a good idea . OG , right here . 
finished finals . And now , we nap . Errr , I mean , party . 
wants to know why everyone in Oregon is freaking out about tornados . Seriously . 
feels the fear coming on . He hates this time of year . 
\Don't knock the weather : nine-tenths of the people couldn't start a conversation \ 
keeps thinking the same old thing , but then again what can he say ? 
shall be Master of North , South , East , West , and Center ! 
Busy busy first day back at school . All five of my classes are today . Tomorrow just one class , but a practicum also . It wasn't too bad today either , though I went to sleep without cleaning . What is it with me keeping my place nice ? Its not that its dirty , it's just extremely messy . hahaha . 
Some of his friends , YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE ( AND SO DO I ) , are gonna get what's coming their way . So hard . In the butt . Secks . 
is an epiphany generator . 
Y'know , I had a great status update , but it was apparently more than 420 characters . Don't get me wrong , I love that 420 is the cutoff for status updates , but here's the jist of what I said : Fuck off , Facebook . I think I wrote a note about why I was telling them to eat a < PROPMALE > , but that's the jist of it . 
read a book in one sitting today . Knowledge ! 
sees that a lot of people out in facebookland are having bad days . Well , you're in good company . The 2nd and 3rd weeks of January have NEVER been good ones , if you ask me . On the bright side , we're only two weeks away from a great excuse to watch \Groundhog Day \"." 
is just gonna put this out there : 
is a Once and Future DJ . 
sees the beginnings of the real feminine revolution . About fucking time . 
Freedom is different from free-dom , I'm finding . 
wants you to give it up for RADIO FREE PORTLAND . Metal's back , baby . 
\fixed\ " his facebook . The quotes imply one of two things : That there was nothing that really needed fixing or that it is futile to use the a verb like ' fix ' on a noun like ' facebook ' . " 
knew it ; this place is fucking haunted . 
knows it's easy to get wrapped up in the Madness . 
is reflecting on all the crazy shit he did tonight . < PROPFIRST > Guetta and Kid Cudi may have a point about memories and therapy . 
\the best midterms are the ones you fail \"." 
is a little bit on the evil side of things . 
A radio free Portland ? On KPSU in 20 minutes ? You don't say ... 
is unsure that he will ever encounter a situation that cannot be described by a Ska-Punk song . 
had a morning of fasting , juvenile conversation , contemplation , and cleaning the soul . Er , house . 
Dear Oregon , \ 
Hold up a sec . What is this business going on outside ? \ 
4srs , \ 
< PROPMALE > 
90 minutes till air time . Got a full show planned out , but if somebody has a good suggestion that fits theme you might just make it in ... RADIO FREE PORTLAND on kpsu . 
Refreshing your brain on the air and through the net with those crazy fat beats . 
has thoughts that only the heaviest of bass can help alter . 
is halfway between full and empty cups . 
' s ears are ringin ' from all that singin ' . 
Eating -> Biking -> MAXing -> BIKE MOAR -> KPSU-ing . Radio Free Portland , KPSU.org, at noon . 
Mardi Gras ? MOAR LIEK PARTY GRAS . Get yo carnival freak on , friends . 
OREGON OPENER ! 
is a happy motherfucker . 
THE IDES ! THE IDES ! BEWARE THE IDES OF MARCH ! 
wants to know what the hell is going on here . 
Six hours of cleaning ? HARDLY ENOUGH . By the Nine , I shall see this place PURGED OF FILTH or DIE IN THE PROCESS . 
Why ... are you so Radio Free , Portland ? 
Is the biggest bestest poopsmith . 
just keeps pace to save face , ace . 
Today , we follow the fool's rules . 
Heineken for breakfast . Shutupitsagoodsourceofcalories . 
wonders what the difference between us is . 
is riding the sober train to destination ... well , I dunno where it's going , but so far it's stopped at Vivid Dream Station , Why-Do-I-Still-Feel-Crazy Junction , and my personal favorite , Peer Pressure Peak . 
Radio Free Portland has moved time slots . It is now back where Metal and Moku used to be at 10 AM . Philosophy classes that affect my schedule can ... um ... well , the show moved . 
wonders just how deep this rabbit hole is ... 
is keeping PDX radio free in FIVE . 
In the great bathroom of life , well , we all have to play the toilet at some point . 
I am the mightiest of them all . No one shall defeat me . The world is mine ! lol . 
Belegarth event = awesome . Valhalla for life ! ( It's funny cuz that's a place for dead people . ) 
Look ! The East is burning red ! 
HARDY HAR HAR 
Have a seat , but not in the big chair . I'm going to sit in that and gloat at you ! 
It's time for my favorite show ! Radio Free Portland , live at KPSU.org! 
wonders ... study for midterms , or video games ? I mean ... both could be done , but I really hate to split my attention . 
I can't wait for this to be another clever ruse or gigantic mistake ... 
