FYI - My phone number has changed . It is now ( 865)242-0003 . 

Now I really don't like dentists . They charge too much and they have too many rules after they torture you . They pulled a tooth and told me not to drink any soda for a week . I live on Diet Dr Pepper ! 
Yes , I am back in Florida . I forgot how humid it was here . It's destroying my hairstyle !!! 
Floridians are a whole other kind of crazy .... 
has a beautiful little niece ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Velez was born at 1:05 this morning . 
is very homesick for Tennessee . :( 
THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING . Lets see how honest FB friends are . Leave a 1 word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be 1 word . No more than 1 word . Then copy & paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . Wonder if I have 20 brave friends ! 
is amused by floridians that use umbrellas in the snow .... 
thinks algebra class just might be okay after all .... :) 
Judging by the achey feeling I have , my Sketcher Shape Up's are doing their job . 
is cold . I never realized how much warmer I was before I lost 26 pounds . Now 55 degrees feels like 25 degrees . I guess it's a good thing I moved back to Florida . I wouldn't be doing very well in Tennessee weather right now . 
What you see isn't always what you get . 
is taking a break from algebra . I should be doing my homework , but I have a math headache . 
It seems to me that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s frozen yogurt isn't as good as Publix's , which is strange because I thought that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s is supposed to be the best there is . 
What's with the people that moved here from the north complaining about the weather ? I say that we make them go back to their home state for a week , then they can come back and let us know how Florida weather feels . So , it's 35 degrees ? At least we're not buried in snow . 
is tired of the winter olympics . One week is long enough , and two is insane . 
They have an iphone app that allows you to run face recognition on anybody you want to . Are these people crazy ?! You can't put stuff like that into everybody's hands . What's next ? An app that allows them to run DNA and fingerprints ?! 
Florida is < PROPFEMALE>'s mental hospital . 
I'm looking for a job , so if anyone has any suggestions , please let me know ! :) 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a smack upside the head . People who need a smack upside the head affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a smack upside the head , except a smack upside the head , but we can raise awareness ! 
I hate it when good people turn bad . 
Why do people try to play the healthcare system by their own rules and get mad at everyone but themselves when it doesn't work ? There is a way to get what you want , but you have to know the rules . 
Yay ! I have a four day weekend , and this time it isn't because I'm sick ! 
Babies are like chocolate for the soul . 
is going back to the oral surgeon's office tomorrow . I heard that it's not a good sign when your pain starts increasing instead of decreasing after oral surgery . 
I wonder if I could get a job with bp cleaning up the oil spill ? It would be like recession collateral damage meets < PROPMALE > disaster . 
is applying for scholarships and jobs ... 
finally got a job , and in orthopedics too ! 
Today was my first day at work ! Yay ! 
Does it get any more boring than online english class ? 
Why is it that we never have extra time and extra money at the same time ? 
Just finished a horrible assignment for english class . I'm ready to do something fun ! 
Why do teachers ask me to argue a point and then say my argument is too strong ? If I have an argument it's probably going to be a strong one . 
My teacher gave me a B on my essay . I'm thinking very unpleasant thoughts about her right now . :| 
Good day today . The clinics went very smoothly today and I finished my homework assignment . It's a good thing I went out with my co-workers last night to Carribean < PROPFIRST>'s or my life would be completely(although necessarily ) boring . 
Be careful of the gas pump scams . I just used the Circle K on Dunlawton tonight and now my bank account is wiped out . I doubt it's a coincidence . 
For better or for worse , I just turned in my last two assignements for english class . I hope I make good grades , but either way I'm free ! YAY ! 
Going back to school is so much fun . They tell you at the last minute that they need you to go to this website and then that website to fill out additional forms and then all of the websites are down the day before classes starts . 
is so tired .... My psych classmates are entirely too chatty and apparently I have a feeble grasp on economics . I'm giving up for the night and going to bed . 
One of my professors is all fidgety b/c we were supposed to start a class discussion today and everyone is blowing it off . It's so funny to watch him freak out . LOL . 
Too many students in my economics class were saying that < PROPFEMALE > needs socialized healthcare . I had to rip them apart . That is a true case of \be careful what you wish for . \"" 
deny everything ..... :) 
Thank you DayQuil for being the \daytime\ " medication that makes you feel drunk . " 
Very angry with my psych professor right now . This class is difficult enough without the constant grading glitches and the material thrown in from the textbooks that he used previously . 
I let my dog off the leash to run around the house , but she followed my dad to church instead . Dad brought her back and I scolded her , so now she's in the kitchen pouting . 
I learned today that ambition is actually a very fine line and that common sense is the only thing keeping us from crossing the line . 
I think I've forgotten how to relax .... 
I'm temporarily completely insane on account of algebra . I might be okay after the semester is over ... unless radicals do irrepairable damage . 
Forgetting about teacher's , classes , grades , and work for the day ... 
This algebra class is going to destroy my GPA . I studied for 9 hours this weekend and then took the quizzes . Made a B and a C . I am not happy !! 
Thank you everyone ! 
I just found out that I made the presidents list for the fall semester ! I'm so happy ! :) 
Enjoyed a great night out with friends . :) 
Starting classes again in a week . Oh well , I've enjoyed the past three weeks off . 
People need to go back to work . In between the holidays and the snow storms I think Twitter and Facebook are going to overload ... 
I wish that if somone is going to call me out on something , that they would at least have their facts straight . Otherwise it's just a bad day for everybody . 
I just realized that my physical science class is actually all physics . I'm bad at geometry and mediocre at algebra ; why did they put me in a physics class ?!! 
A cancer paitient only has 1 wish , to get better . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died or is fighting cancer , post this for at least 1 hour . 
If you have to take a physical science course , which is better - physics or chemistry ? 
Why does Wal-Mart put so many security measures on ten dollar watches ? Is that really what people try to steal when they're strapped for cash ? 
Thank you race fans for upgrading the city of Daytona from \crazy\ " to \ " absolute chaos . \"" 
I'm not getting far enough fast enough in American History . I used to love American History , but I don't remember it being this detailed . I'm pretty sure my other books didn't take 40 pages to describe the Revolutionary War . 
Apparently the new design for testing is to find the most obscure and unimportant questions and make them count for a large portion of the grade . 
If a picture is worth a thousand words , can I substitute two and a half pictures for a term paper ? 
Blueberry 
I'm losing my willpower to study . I have the mid-term blues .... 
Dear Friends , I have just started two more classes , which brings my total to three . The two new ones are intense . So , I love y'all and I'll talk to you and/or see you again sometime in May . 
Nothing like spending your weekend talking to criminology students . 
6 chapters in one week in one class . That much information at one time cannot be retained . 
