workin 

july 5- farewell olim party , israeli food and special performance , anyone wanna come w ? 
just wants to seal the deal so he can get on with life 
cool like fire cool like fire ! 
there is no spoon 
does the chicken wing 
walked away and i'm feelin down down , even if I stayed i'd be feeling down down down 
is swag surfing 
today has been an AMAZING day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
anyone who wants to make some money tommorow and lives in chicago give me call !!!! 5133792541 ! 
rock < PROPFEMALE > lifestyle might dont make it livin life high errday click wasted sippin on purple stuff rollin up stankky wake up in the morning 10 clock drankin 
door to door salesman baby !!!!!! 
today is like a mass bad day . everyone's just having a crappy day . thats why i predict the cubs lose today in a fan angering choke 
is changing his name 
wishes he had some sushi right now 
too much of a good thing is A LOT of a good thing 
my job really makes me appreciate nice people 
home sweet home . I just wish we had air conditioning , this is murder 
is going to moshav gimzu for shabbat 
MY CELL NUMBER FOR THIS WEEK IS 054-251-9295 !!! GIVE ME A RING ! 
Israel = awesome 
??? ??? ???? ??? ?? ?????, ???? ????? ?????? ?????, ??? ?? ???? ??? ???? ???? ?? ???? ???? 
lovin < PROPMALE > 
I TURNED 20 SHEKEL INTO 200 IN WINNER !!!! WHOOOO !!!!! 
Emergency ! Pls pray for < PROPFEMALE > bat Batya 17 Year Old shulamis student in Extremely Serious Condition- Hit by car at Ocean Parkway & Kings Highway today @ 6 o'clockish ... CHANGE YOUR STATUS SPREAD THE WORD !!! 
lady gaga's video for paparazzi is soooo messed up 
today was , how do you say ... awesome . ( video documentary to be posted ) 
ahh that was some navigation hike 
They say an eye for an eye , we both lose our sight And two wrongs don't make a right But when you been wrong and you know all along that it's just one life At what point does one fight ? 
hahahahaha whale wars ! 
fag is a hate word and should never be used , it is insensitive to butt-pirates 
Today was just one of those days , that kept on getting better ; I'm going to be talking about tonight for at least the next three days . 
shabbat chevron , at least for me , has been cancelled on account of rain 
tomorrow ..... EILAT !!!! 
I think maturity is a concept girls invented to make us be more like them 
i am craving a firecracker chicken right about now ... but there's no sandwich club in < PROPMALE > ... 
ahhh 3 day tiyul in the negev , hands down ; best I've ever been on 
Well ... it seems as if the knesset wishes to raise the drinking age to 21 ; feel free to riot my good friends 
just cleaned up my sisters vomit ... sarcastic smiley :) ! 
it's like my entire family is falling ill ... I hope I don't catch it 
being in < PROPMALE > i missed all the commercials ... and had to watch them on youtube ... last year's were better 
quite a random night if there ever was one 
I can't believe I missed a shooting 
what an unbelievably long night , fun ; and now I have a brand new puppy ! 
I AM PUMPED FOR PURIM !!!!!!! 
NEW PHONE NUMBER-PERMANENT ! 0507411195 
we can land in the motherland , camelback across the desert sand , take a train to rome , or home .... 
I MADE THE FRONT < PROPFEMALE > OF THE JEUSALEM POST !!! 
I'm sorry rabbi eisenberg but you are dead wrong . never have i seen such simcha , such ahavat yisrael , and such .... Judaism , than I have this purim night at keshet , and yes it IS because we all drank , and YES I resent the fact we couldn't and YES everyone in the Yeshiva now should as well . You will never appreciate a purim like this in < PROPFEMALE > . What a beautiful purim , I could cry . 
why are you named shlomo ? i dont know , why ? I dont know ... But your name , you bring peace , but you cant do it by yourself , you delude yourself if you beleive that , you must look to hashem , only by becoming close to him may you aquire peace .... - rav yaakov to me . 
ow ... my head hurts ... best ... purim .... ever .... 
next time your friends ask to grab a beer with you , man up , and reach for some OJ 
it's funny how positive a thing it is to be complacent with what you have and yet so negative to be complacent with yourself . 
currently laughing at < PROPMALE > and amir .... funniest .... stuff .... ever .... 
sick ... 
wow obsessed was awesome , beyonce fighting another chick = sick . she crazy maine she crazy 
there are some movies i'll watch jiust because a certain actor is in it , < PROPFIRST > foxx is one of those actors . 
All I do is win win win no matter what 
MATISYAHU IS ON THE BILLBOARD TOP 100 !! 
how do you get from the mediterranean to the kineret ? one step at a time . Yam l'yam baby 
just give me the green light 
all the olim I know are visionaries , I like that . It's not naive to dream . 
wow , nostalgia is quite a feeling 
my uncle gave away half of our matzah to someone without food ... on the one hand , the other guy had no food , on the other , we don't have enough matzah now ... 
cool we've got matzah 
why do bad things always happen one after another ? 
HAHA !!! sometimes just one good thing makes your day !!!!!!!!!!! 
things are just better when they are shared 
judaism is the only religion that can spawn people who despise it so much 
achin for some steak ... 
you have enemies ? good . that means you've stood up for something , sometime in your life . - < PROPMALE > churchill 
was attacked by some breed of super mosquitos in the middle of the night ; the normal annoying as hell breed are in most cases incapable of doing what was done to me . I feel like I'm on fire . Damn mosquitos , damn them to hell . 
started watching the borer 
something big is on its way , something good . 
FEAST !!!!!!!! 
remembering 
Dear Ehud Barak ; shut your mouth . 
62 years . May we endure forever 
YOM HAATZMAUT HERE WAS OFFFFF THEEE HOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOK !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
cookin din for the fam < PROPMALE > . 
isn't it funny how throughout your life you try to do something over and over again and fail ; but then one day you try it not expecting anything , you can do it ? i finally did a handstand :-) 
made a chicket piccata , italian dish , came out great 
TOMO FOR SHABBAT !!! :-D 
full metal jacket was- OUTSTANDING 
i am in the best mood I've been since making aliyah !!!! 
really feelin all the right moves right now 
get off my porch you ...... NO-GOODER !!!! 
high on life ( not air oded ) 
MERON BABY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
meron ... was ... awesome ... need ... sleep ... 
lovin life 
hypnotizing myself into a state of drunkeness 
controlling your mind can allow you to experience some incredible feelings 
?????? ????? ????? 
why does it seem like everyone who creates facebook groups is a muslim ? is this some sort of new approach to jihad ? 
?? ?????? ?? ??????... ??? ???? ??????... ????? 
amazingly awesome night 
ughhhhh , sick 
thank you < PROPFEMALE > for your money 
I'm in the weirdest mood ever 
grand total of hours of sleep i've gotten since shvuot ( keep in mind i have only 1 day ): 5 
they float , they ALL float . and when you come down here with me , YOU'LL FLOAT TOO !!!!!!!!!!!! 
shutter island = awesome 
i have a knack for easing tension 
best game of capture the flag- darkness , 2 square kilometers , thorns , crawling through thorns and dirt , and best of all- running into barbed wire . We're all bleeding and we're all smiling . 
paintball-awesome , atv-allright , kayaking .... FREAKING SICK !!!! nice job with the dead mouse lol 
suddenly israeli self-defence has become more threatening in the eyes of the world than Iranian nuclear capabilities . 
konked out at 7:30 yesterday , got up just now . Best sleep I've ever had 
People in the liberal media : please kill yourselves . 
spending shabbat it bnei brak . And no , I'm not joking . Should be fun . 
the truth will set you free , but first it will make you miserable . - < PROPFIRST > A . < PROPMALE > 
why must everyone leave ? 
???????!!!! 
shabbat in beit shemesh 
the problem with socialism is that sooner or later , you run out of other people's money . -Margaret Thatcher 
i have said do what you do to at least ten people today 
anyone who uses windows and their computer pisses them off by how long it takes to start up , go to soluto.com and download their software . it's sick 
I'm a glass is half full kind of guy , New Orleans gets flooded , I say to myself , well if any city needed a bath it's New Orleans . -Daniel Tosh 
only jews can successfully con everyone 
< PROPFIRST > Pattison is happy twilight is almost over , because he said doing it was boring . Atta boy , and I thought you were gay . 
< PROPFIRST > tosh- completely serious . watch it . hilarious 
some people have real problems , others just whine . Most people are whiners . If you are offended by those implications than you most definitely are a whiner . 
HUMUS BAR 
hatin on people who beleive things because it's convenient 
?? - ??? ??? ?????? ???? ???? ?? ???? ??? ??? ??? ? ' ???? ???????? ?????? ? \ ? ???? ? " 
nothing makes me smile like a good ol indiana jones flick 
i can't settle for ' my small piece ' of the world 
The BP president said that “the company would survive . ” That’s like someone running over your dog and saying , “Don’t worry , my car is fine . ” 
shabbat by Matis . Oh boy 
\We don't half-ass in my house . \ " -Matis " 
???????? ???????? ???????, ??????? ??????? -- ???? ???????? ?????????, ??? ??????? ??????? ; ???? - ????????? ????????????, ????? ???????????. 
nothing went according to plan yesterday yet , through strange ways , everything worked out 
yesterday was everything works out in the end day , today is respect a chayal day 
when i first started tremping i thought it was cool that i got a tremp from a semi , then i thought it was sweet that i got a tremp from the police , i thought it couldn't get any better when i got a tremp from a taxi , but i really hit the jackpot today , tremp from an bus , he finished running the route for the night so he picked me up . Oh yeah 
be who you are , not who you've allowed yourself to become 
the internet is getting stupider , when I legit try to search something up online to expand my knowledge , all i get are advertisements and wikipedia . For g-ds sake , wikipedia is not the source of the worlds knowledge . I'm going to the library ... 
* insert something that might offend someone here * 
If you aren't at least a little scared , then you are illiterate . 
I love laughing at liberals and socialists 
people , you should be extra sensitive with rapists and murderers to accept them into your community , and to not be mean to them(kavod habriyot ) and for all you murdering rapists , even if you engage in murder and rape , don't give up on Judaism , do the best you can to fulfill all the other commandments . 
when reality tells you no , you grab him by the collar and tell him ' you're wrong . ' 
i will not be able to sleep until i figure out WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED IN INCEPTION ?????????????? 
3 seconds into pulp fiction and what did i realize ? IT'S THE SAME GUY FROM LIE TO ME !!! 
Hate is a strong word , but I think it aptly describes my feelings toward Hagit Ofran . 
Hatin on agnostics , cuz it mixes two traits i don't like : disbelief in G-d and people who half-ass 
shabbat shalom ! 
Can't explain my frustration in words . 
< PROPFEMALE > bet begins today 
I really like pancakes . 
thank me later sir lucious left foot , cuz I'm the teflon < PROPMALE > and a trill O.G. 
1- the more i contemplate the more of a libertarian i become . 2- i don't think it's fair that chabad gets all the good looking women 
does facebook allow for polygamy ? 
ONE YEAR IN < PROPMALE > ! 
what's a tzanchan ? is that tanks ? - anonymous 
there are so many things that go into decision making : Is it good for me ? Good for others ? Hurts me ? Hurts others ? Short term , long term ? Is it right ? What is right ? Having said that , I think I'll be forever clueless 
We , as the israeli people , are not angry enough ; and the jews in the diaspora , being by a great majority liberal , are a poison . YOU DON'T LIVE HERE . Israeli's , get angry ! Americans , shut up ! 
The breakfast club was a damn good movie . 
Mazal Tov to < PROPFEMALE > and Meir ! Great wedding ... 
You'd think the pee falling on Netanyahu's head would be enough for him to realize that Obama is pissing on him and the entire state of < PROPMALE > . 
BED INTRUDER SONG IS NUMBER 89 ON THE BILLBOARD TOP 100 !!!!!!!!!!!! 
just got < PROPMALE > roll'd it's been a while 
the feeling one gets after finishing a really . really good book can only be described as euphoric . Having your attention captured , and your mind taken on a joyride ; that really is , at least for me , the feeling . -out reading- 
for now , I'm cool with Yoav Galant . He seems pretty solid . 
Mo , where are you when i need you ? 
i feel like shlock 
well , when i felt like crap yesterday , it was really just a warning to how bad i'd feel today . 
I was pondering insults today , and I think it would be a fun game to insult people in a roundabout way . Like , instead of saying hey fatty , you should probably start hibernating because you've eaten enough food for the winter ; you should say sometimes i get impatient with jelly beans and stuff em all in my mouth at one time ... you ? Or you could just be a nice person . 
-working on being less judgmental , it's a bad habit 
second attack before the peace talks , this time by tzomet rimonim . Thank G-d the two people who were attacked survived . Peace isn't going to come from these talks . 
my hands hurt from ripping apples in half with my bare hands 
on the back burner you can just simmer around but on the front burner baby you better burn 
trying to be more respecting to women 
don't squander the daylight 
AN AMAZING NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE ! 
MAZAL TOV TO MATIS AND < PROPFEMALE > ON THEIR ENGAGEMENT !!!!!!! 
Takin my israeli drivers exam in a half hour . 
I PASSED !!!!!!!!!!! 
holy shnazz Mikey gives amazing massages 
just shaved away all of my sins 
Punching a wall is what's on my mind 
??? ?? ?? ???? ??? ??? ??? ???? ???, ?? ??? ???? ?? ?? ???? ?? ??? ?? ?????? ?? ???? ???? - ?????, ???? ????? ?? 
so many people i've never met in my life keep adding me on fb 
a storms a brewin in my head right now 
aroldis chapman . ' nuff said 
< PROPMALE > Volovik , I miss u man . Come back to < PROPMALE > ! 
HURRAY FOR FASTER INTERNET !!!! and rotisserie rack of ribs 
Cheap crappy vodka , i hate you 
jerusalem is insane right now 
ooo tht burns so good 
new draft date february 20 
I don't know if anyone is paying attention but , the arabs are all making amends with each other . Not cool . 
amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped amped 
anyone want to start a new political party with me ? I just read up on all of the current parties ' platforms , and I dislike . 
By the time night comes around it doesn't feel like the same day as it was in the morning 
skullcandy is the stuff 
potential doesn't equal success 
new skullcandies on the way 
do YOU know someone named SHNAZ ?? 
life's a beach and i'm just playing in the sand 
My rabbis horse got blown up by a mine 
f-ing anarchists ... 
i can't wait for tomorrow 
eating noisily makes food taste better , seriously try it in front of your friends ! 
it is scientifically proven ( this is going to sound like a joke but it is not ) , that people who are more ecologically minded , aka go green people , are more likely to be lying , cheating , douchebags , than your run of the mill person who cares about people 
< PROPMALE > tarantino is def in my top 3 fave directors 
was just driving down highway 443 from Jerusalem and what do i see ? A firetruck putting out a fire on a car . But it wasn't like a small fire , the whole car was ENGULFED in flames . Not only that , but there were no indications that the car was in any sort of accident , plus the fire wasn't originating from one area . I'm thinking arab+molotov cocktail 
at last the literally lounging black sittin back count double digit thousand stacks 
just imagine what would happen if we proved scientifically that around half the people in the world were really a different , yet closely related , species . 
the less a man makes declarative statements , the less apt he is to look foolish in retrospect . -quentin tarantino 
Listening to Arabs and Liberals talk politics makes me fume 
what ? < PROPFIRST > NIELSON DIED ?????? 
you can't spell guilty conscience without science ! 
????? ???!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
lovin the new skullcandies ... mmmmmmmm 
just made some absolutely amazing curry chicken 
Judaism doesn't hate , it loves ; people misunderstand this and turn it into anti-semitic proof of concept . As a Jew i do not hate ANY group of people . I may become angry and frustrated with their beliefs but i don't hate them for it . The saddest thing about it all is , the people who really do hate are the ones who are advertising themselves as humanitarians . check this out- vegetarianism-humanitarianism .. cannibalism ? 
longest lasting sickness I've ever had ... next to chicken pox that is ; but i don't remember that so it doesn't count 
just threw up gratuitous amounts of vomit ... and my fever dropped from 100.4 to 99.4 . Feeling good . I hope this is the end of it . 
yeah i was wrong ... not the end ... 
what's money if you've never had enough ? 
SWINE FLU !!! :D 
I'm curious as to how my news feed can be completely DOMINATED by the same 4 people . 
repping my town when you see me you know erything black and yellow 
steak , beer , and some good friends- ahhh im in a good mood now 
AUDIOTECHNICA .... YOU SUCK !!!!!! 
i have two windows of my profile open , one says i have 527 friends and one says i have 526 ; that means that somebody has nothing better to do on motzei shabbat than to de-friend people . Must have been a crappy day . 
nothing like watching a steelers fan cry 
cowboys and aliens . ' nuff said 
peoples definition of the word open-mindedness is really just their definition of short-sightedness 
i can't believe i missed a slaughter today . not fair 
PARTY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
hungover .... :) 
it's not enough that arabs are trying to steal our country but they also have to try and steal out cars ???????????? 
anyone see traffic light ? it's actually pretty good , maybe i'll start watching ramzor ... 
finally did it , had kfc in < PROPMALE > 
Nas is incredible , why have i never listened to him before ???? 
my car's a push-to-start . yeah . 
officially a ???? of ????? ??? ?????, and come sunday ... ???? ???????. :) 
hiding from < PROPFEMALE > Reinberg 
Now officially a soldier 
not fair . i have to be at karmi'el by 10 o clock to get back to base . the only way to get there is the 5:43 train from Jerusalem . But FIRST i need to get to THERE . So subtract 43 minutes from that time and that's when I'm getting up , if not earlier . 
is it so wrong to think that drunk girls are gross ? 
Back at baqum 
night at baqum = worst night ever ... Finally , on to shizafon ! 
Two things , one is that the fatter a person is , the less likely they are ever to come to an agreement with you , and two , the army is the grinch that stole my purim ... :( 
Super happy purim to everyone !!! DRINK FOR ME !!! 
Got 188 . merkavah < PROPFIRST > 3 . Let's do it 
Craziest night in the army as of yet , what a great first night in the shetach 
