Goodbye 2009 it has been fun 

Playing Wii with the family :) 
just got back from Richmond 
is at her aunt and uncles house , and just got back from the minnesota zoo 
is finally home 
just got home from orange county 
back from orange 
cant wait for tomorrow 
cant sleep :( 
is at m's house 
just finish reading 13 reasons why 
is tired of pbs and qubo 
is home 
reminds everyone in drama to study for the quiz 
wants to sleep !!!!!!!!!!! 1 
is happy her library finally opened 
is at her grandmas house 
is happy shes done with her analysis paper 
is not home 
is home sadly 
and < PROPFEMALE > Essmann have decided that boys are stupid 
is babysitting 
is waiting for m 
is eating < PROPFEMALE > snaps and thinks theyre yummy 
isnt feeling good 
misses ymv :( 
hey everyone 
zip-a-dee doo-da zip-a-dee-ay 
thank you for the birthday wishes 
is now in the \Bahama's\ " after going to a casting crown/matt redman concert which was amazing =) " 
Is sad that she doesnt have YMV tomorrow :( 
is at < PROPFEMALE>'s house :D and misses ymv peoples 
' s feet hurt :( 
just returned home 
internet is being retarded 
Happy Thankgiving everyone 
is stuffed 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE > north < PROPFEMALE > ... had lots of fun worknig in the occ factory :) 
is happy she finally got to see < PROPFEMALE > even if it was only for a minute 
it works and its pretty :) 
is going to bed 
is hoping to go to the \bahama's\ " tomorrow " 
misses people 
had alot of fun at the in5 christmas party expecially the snowball fight with < PROPFEMALE > , Lissy , and < PROPMALE > 
has < PROPFEMALE > Essmann over . yay !!!!!!! 
:'( < PROPFEMALE > has left 
hopes everyone had a great Christmas 
had alot of fun at Busch Gardens !!!!! 
is partying at Jordie DiFernando's house with < PROPFEMALE > Essmann , and Kambrie Robinson 
was rather dissapointed with her M.A.S.H 
The movie Avatar is amazing 
Happy New Year everyone !!!!!!!!!! 
Does anybody hear her ? Can anobody see , or does anybody even know she's going down today ? Under the shadow of our steeple with all the lost and lonely people searching for the hope that's tucked away in you and me . \ 
If jugdment looms under every steeple with lofty glances from lofty people . Who can't see past her < PROPFEMALE > letter and they never even met her . 
should probably go to bed , because I have a busy day ahead of me 
going to the movies soon 
I passed !!!!! 
is tired but doesn't want to stop talking with friends 
needs to do her math 
I yelled at a monster because Big Bird said to and he's my leader . 
had a great time at at church tonight :) 
needs to study , but doesnt want to 
Good Night To All , and To All A Good Night 
I went DRIVING :D 
just watched my little dogs trying to go through snow ... quite funny 
just finished playing in the snow with my family ... < PROPFEMALE>'s first snow :) 
Oh no , My walls are gonna break . So close , its more than I can take . I'm so tired of turning and runing away , When love just isn't safe . 
gah , I cant decide 
I made a fire :D 
just had chick-fila and it was yummy in my tummy 
just got home from < PROPFEMALE > rehersal , now has to do all her homework :( 
Finished editing my paper !!! Now to finish the rest of my hw 
Had a great time at the formal last night , the \bahama's\ " today :D " 
just got home from < PROPFEMALE > rehersal . 
one down , five to go ! 
had fun at youth group tonight 
He is jealous for me . Loves like a hurricane ; I am a tree bending beneath the weight of His wind and mercy . When all of a sudden I am unaware of these afflictions eclipsed by < PROPFEMALE > , and I realize just how beautiful you are and how great your affections are for me . 
only two more left . 
< PROPFEMALE > is over :( 
it havin lots of fun with Kambrie Robinson , < PROPFEMALE > Essmann , Jordie Hope , Kristiana < PROPFEMALE > Plumb , Lizzy < PROPFEMALE > Plumb . 
The landing gear is stuck 
has finished packing . hopefully I remembered everything 
is hooooooooooooooooooooommmmmmmmeeeeeeeee 
I wanna be in the light as You are in the light , I wanne shine like the stars in the heavens . Oh , Lord be my light and be my salvation . Cause all I want is to be in the light . All I want is to be in the light . 
lol , had a great time downing sugar packets with < PROPFEMALE > Essmann and Ani Sledgianowski tonight :D 
had fun at Chuck-E-Cheese with < PROPFEMALE > Miller . Going to Danville tomorrow . 
is sad its spring break , will miss her awesomeness friends 
Happy Easter !!!!!!!! Hope it's good !!!!!! 
lol , temptation , the christian version of mafia . 
is sick , so she cat go to school tomorrow :'( 
Goooooooooodddd Niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiggggghhhhhhhhttttttt Woooooooooorrrrrrrrrrllllllllllllllllllllllddddddddddd 
iiiiiissssssss booooooreeeeeeeeeed 
is chillin ' at the Bahama's . Aaaaand is watching her facebook get hacked . ;D ( I wuv < PROPFEMALE > Essmann , just so you know . ) 
is now home from the Bahama's and doesnt have to watch her fb get hacked . and I suppose that I \wuv\ " < PROPFEMALE > Essmann " 
is home ; went to the library got some stuff for her research paper , and some interesting books to read 
just got home from awana , one week left 
had a fun day today , from church this morning to the Lynnhaven mall with < PROPFEMALE > Tressler and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , to in5 tonight with all those cool peeps :D 
Had an amazing time at Godspell , it was an awesome production , and totally recommends it to anyone who can get tickets . 
stayingthe night at her grandparents dog sitting 
had an amazing time at prom , and the Internation House Of Pancakes with < PROPFEMALE > Essmann and < PROPMALE > Bethune afterwards :D 
just got home :) Hope all the mothers out there had a great day !!!!! 
is sad that she had to miss school yesterday :( 
is exhausted , but had alot of fun today . Oh and I still have my magical pixie dust ;) 
did ok at the concert , but had Jordie and < PROPFEMALE > freaked out beforehand . 
field day today , and then graduation tomorrow . After that I don't think I'll ever go back to Kempsville Baptist ... unless its to help move . 
well field day was fun , going to < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > Essmann later today :D 
is going to miss the class of 2010 
had a great day , tried mogolian bbq for lunch , then went to < PROPFEMALE>'s graduation party afterwards , where I had the < PROPMALE > to frolic in the rain . 
Bella : Go to school Momma . Mom : no , we are going to Church . Bella : noo like Church , I wanna go to school . 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Tressler 
went to the movies with < PROPFEMALE > Tressler had a hilarious moment afterwards . 
I cooked dinner tonight , and nobody died :D 
I drove home !!! :O in the dark . 
had a looong day today , and is rather tired . 
is helping her mom babysit , alot of kids . 
one down , three to go :D 
I miss people :( 
heading back out to Harbor North 
just got home , jas been in Harbor North since 8:30 this morning and is exhausted . 
has sunburn and it hurts reeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaalllllllllllllllllyyyyyyy bad :( 
is exhausted , only one day left 
Is spending the night in the Bahamas 
needs to finish her Chemistry homework . 
ok , so I have a question , if facebook wasa person would it be a guy or a girl ? 
I'll praise you in the storm , and I will lift my hands . You are who are , no matter where I am . And every tear that falls you hold in your hands . Though my heart is torn , I will praise you in this storm . 
has chemistry today ... hope all goes well . 
just got home from chemistry and everything turned out well , although I worry about < PROPFIRST > A . at points . 
is going to see last airbender tomorrow with her famille , and a few others . Can't wait :D 
is tired , but can't sleep :( 
is quite tired of moles 
has had a fun filled week-end so far . On Friday I went to Kayle's house and we dressed up as cows and went to chifilia and got free food , then < PROPFEMALE > called and I went to her house and spent the night and < PROPMALE > out with her all day today ... or rather yesterday now ... and then later I am going 7/11 hopping with Kayle . 
today after chamistry we stopped at 7-eleven and this guy asked my brother where to buy weed . 
leaves on a mission trip tomorrow , please keep me in your prayers . 
goodbye everybody ! See you next Sunday ! 
is having fun up in NJ 
just got home , and misses her NJ friends already . 
:D <3 
can't sleep 
had a great time at vbs tonight :D 
we had the report back at NCP today . Now I really miss NJ 
is tired . I had chemistry for 5 hours , and then vbs tonight for 3 . 
is thinking about going on a missions trip in october , please pray for me as I make this decision . 
had a great time at < PROPFEMALE>'s 3rd Birthday party today . 
was finally able to finish glee , and can't wait for the season 2 . 
First Day of YMV . Thinks it went well . 
So Jordie Hope has convinced me to start a blog we shall see how well that goes . 
thinks that everyone needs to go see How To Save a Life . Amazing movie . 
Will you guys please pray for me and my missions team . Alot of us are having a hard time getting enough funds . And somebody is even thinking of dropping out , so please pray for us . 
We are His portion and He is our prize . Drawn to redemption by the grace in His , if His Grace is an Ocean , we're ALL sinking . And Heaven meets Earth like a Sloppy Wet Kiss , and my Heart turns Violently inside of my Chest . I don't have Time to Mantain these Regrets , When I Think about , the way that He loves US 
First day of work , thinks it went well ! :D 
can't believe I fly out on Friday . 
He was pierced for our transgressions . He was crushed for our sins . The punishment that brought us peace was upon Him . And by His wounds , by His wounds we are healed . 
Stopped at a red light looked out my window\ 
I saw a cardboard sign said , \help this homeless widow . \ " \ 
Wow , it is now officially the day I leave for < PROPFEMALE > . Soooo excited !!!! 
is leaving now . Goodbye everyone . See you when I get back in the states ! 
So his trip has been awesome so far . Today we are going to the college and the to BA for some shopping ( its our day off ) . Tomorrow we are probably going to go door to door again , and then Friday night we have this big family event . The amount of people getting saved on this trip is amazing ! Well I'll y'all the details when I get back . \ 
p.s. We taught the Argentines Ninja :D 
Just got home , < PROPFEMALE > was amazing ! Message me if you want details . 
Gah , I hate computers . I had a huge message I was typing up about my trip and my computer froze and deleted it . So I apologize to those who asked for details , because I won't be able to get them to you tonight , but I will try to get them to you tomorrow . 
I called You answered , and You came to my rescue . And I wanna be where You are . In my life , be lfited high . In our world , be lifted high . In our love , be lifted high . 
What will people think when they hear that I'm a Jesus freak ? What will people do when they find out its true ? I don't really care if they label me a Jesus freak . There ain't no disguising the truth . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes . Love you guys !!!!! 
Good job to the cast of < PROPFEMALE>'s Web , and Our Town . You allll did an amazing job !!!! 
Happy Turkey Day , hope everyone ate their fill :) 
just got back from the occ trip to < PROPFEMALE > . We had alot of fun . And yesterday we processed over 170,000 boxes , breaking the record for the most boxes processed in one day . 
SAT tomorrow :/ wish me luck . 
Its still snowing !!!!!! 
ok , I'll do it , give me number . 
#2012 : You are an amazing person , and I wish I could get to know you better . But the times we have shared have been fun filled and very humorous . 
201 : you are the one who I know has always been there and will always be there , no matter what we go through . We will be the old nuns who now live in the nursing home , having wheelchair races . I looooove you ! 
7,581 . 3 : you are one of my closest friends . God has great plans for you , and is going to use you in an amazing way . <3 love you 
had a great day today , from hanging at the mall with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Nunley and Amberley < PROPFEMALE > LaMora to < PROPFEMALE > Essmann's awesome Christmas Partay !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! 
Today was full of great moents with all of my hilarious friends . 
had a great time at the winter retreat !!!! 
I'm strong enough I've always told myself . Don't want to need somebody else . But I've already fallen from that hill , so I'm dropping my gaurd here's your < PROPMALE > at my heart and oh , no my walls are gonna break . So close its more than I can take . I'm so tired of turning and running away when l o-o ve just isn't safe ... You're not safe , and that's okay . 
Who will love me for me ? Not for what I have done or what I will become . Who will love me for me ? ‘Cause nobody has shown me what love , what love really means ... I have watched you suffer all of your life And now that you’ll listen , I’ll tell you that I ... ” I will love you for you . Not for what you have done or what you will become . I will love you for you . I will give you the love , the love that you never knew . 
is exhausted . 
We are not that different from eachother . We just want somebody to discover , wo we really are when we drop our guard . That ove has gotta start with you and me ... We've gotta come together . Oh , You know you don't ever have to be alone . You've got a hand to hold . 
The last show is today ... lots of mixed feelings . 
When nothing else works , surrender to God , and let your faith < PROPFEMALE > you through . 
Clear acknowledged endings are as necessary to intelligible life , as pauses between notes to intelligible music . Although endings sometimes feel like the end of you , take them for what they really are , - the end of a stage in your life . Here is to new beginnings ! 
Your feelings are telling you something important . Do not rush to act on the first whim , take time to hear the full message . 
when you are not , God is . 
So stand in the rain , stand your ground . Stand up when its all crashing down . You stand through the pain , you won't drown . And one day what's lost can be found . You stand in the rain . 
Any situation can be improved if you remember to remember God . 
Truth has a life of its own . \ 
P.s. I had a great time at wimter jam !!! 
If you feel yourself floundering in the sea of life , try leaning back and floating . \ 
Let yourself be supported . Gaze into the beautiful sky and allow time for your spirit to be refreshed . Then when you are feeling stronger , simply choose a direction and start swimming . 
Storms may be raging around you , but you can still find peace in your own heart because the God of Peace reigns within you . 
Kis a wookie , kick a droid . Fly the Falcon through an asteriod . Till the < PROPFEMALE > is annoyed . This is spaceships , its monsters , its < PROPFEMALE > Wars , we Love it ! 
oh , how I miss my dear sweet voice 
Blueberry Pinapple 
