How can I be so thirsty when last night I drank so much ! I love beer , florida women , and Puppies ! 

love the sunshine ! 
Workin at a horse show in georiga . Wish I had joined the circus . 
Shows Over still don't know what the hell is going on . At lest i got paid now back to my cave to sleep for a week . 
The rain is over & I still can't see clearly ... 
The goverment has flushed the american dream down the shiter , and lefts us the people holding the bag . Now they are in smoke infested back room bars ploting on how to lock us up for there crimes . The end of days are here , and we all are doomed . 
How does one greet the day when time pass you by . You awake to realize that you were born in the wrong time . A fish out of water left to die , while someone stares as you you flop around gasping for air . All my heros are dead and gone , as one day will us all . Just how do you find your nitch when there are whores and thives on every street . 
VIRUSspreading like wildfire on FaceBook ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you , don't accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list ...... adds her then you get the virus too ! Please copy and past ... to your wall . Confirmed on SNOPES . COM 
As I sit here and hear the rain on the roof , I can't help but to let my mind wonder to a far off place . Time is fleeting as foam on the ocean . with that said I have let events that I should have been there for pass by for the moment , party , or the girl I just met . So I encourge you to grab the one you love for you never know what day is your last . 
Got to get ready to drive up to Va tomarrow , Got driving school on sunday . Let this be a lesson don't race a undercover cop with the sherifs daughter in your car . woops my bad . 
This ride just don't stop for anyone , and I don't know where the hell I am going to get off . Time to ponder one more of life's little riddles on why fate brings things in our past back to us as human beings . 
Our country is about to crumble , And the start of the down fall is to be blamed on our goverment , laws , and the police . Take heed the barbaryons are at the gate with battering rams and battle axes at the ready . 
Rain on a tin roof how I miss fall back in my vally , As long as I have good friends and wiskey I will make it through the night . 
We would be better off with out lawers and goverment agendas , Even the rats are bailing off this sinking ship called the United States . I hope you can swim my friends it's a long journey to shore ! 
My dreams are all dead and buried . Sometimes I wish the sun would just explode . When god comes and calls me to his kingdom . I'll take all you sons of bitches when I go . Hey man let me drive that thing ... come on . DO NOT TOUCH THE TRIM ! 
If I need directions , I am asking the man with one leg . He will know the easyest way to get there . 
I know that I probley climbed some moutains that I should not have climbed , and I feel that I have fell further and hit bottom harder than any man with reason or rhyme ! 
Less than 72 hours till the Unknown Hinson show . Put the brown party liquer on ice !!! 
Met the most stunning woman of my life last night . Can't wait till tonight when we salddle up the horses , break out the brown party liquer and ride off to the Unknown Hinson Show !!! 
The brown party liquer has been opened , The horses are saddled , and we are off to the Unknown Hinson Show . Hell yeah whaooo !! 
Head pounding , body bleeding , and the brown party liquer is empty . Unknown was fucking awsome !!! Let me say he makes the womerns so horney I had two fighting over me ! Damn we got wild !!! 
Just ran 1 1/2 < PROPMALE > , my legs are burning . I want my cheerios !!! 
May I take a moment to say I love the friends in my life thru the good and bad times . I thank you all , and wish you where here ! Good night & may God Bless you . 
It is 12o'clock today is the wifes birthday well guess what I'm such a loving husband I am giving you divorce papers . Thanks for wrecking my life and have a good one !!! 
5 o'clock time for a drink !!! My life is better without you , but today I am drinking you off my mind and putting our ten years of history in the grave . I hope he was worth it ! 
Thirsty Thursday !!! 
Thank God it's friday !!! It ' is gonna be one jam packed weekend , just hope no one wakes up in jail !!! 
Glad to see the sun set on another day !!! 
On the road all day !!! 
Back home at last !!! Tomarrow I shall drink and watch the grass grow !!! 
THANK YOU ALL FOR WISHING ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY IT MEANS ALOT AFTER I JUST MOVED AND DON'T HAVE MY FRIENDS AROUND !!! 
Three states , two and a half hours later , and there is nothing like a road trip in the rain and a blonde beside you to ease a broken soul !!! 
Gonna climb a mountian and at the top I will find a honkey tonk , where I shall sit and drink !!! 
Do geese see God ? 
Going somewhere unknown to go get lost in my mind !!! 
Just when I think I got it all figured out , Life kicks me square in the balls !!! 
When a chick say's \we need to talk\ " you might as well start punching yourself in the balls !!! " 
Working on a plan for a Tri State road trip of chaos , what else is better than 24 hours of planing and 500 < PROPMALE > of driving on a wendsday afternoon ! At least I have good friends , a blonde with purple streaks beside me in the passenger seat , and a case of cold beer ! 
It is preferable not to travel with a dead man - Henri Michaux ( Good advice as I set out on my Tri-State Trip)a moment ago clear 
I would rather hurt than feel nothing at all . 
Life has not turned out the way I planed nor am I where I want to be or am I with you I want to be , And after the sun sets on a day that is done when I close my eyes in my heart I know God has bigger plans for me than any one can imagine !!! 
We create our own unhappiness . The purpose of suffering is to help us understand we are the ones who cause it . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Human beings , who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others , are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Adams 
I have reordered time , I have turned the world upside down , And I have done it all for you . - < PROPFIRST > Bowie 
Hitin the road in a few hour's 210 < PROPMALE > 3 < PROPMALE > city's all during rush hour !!! 
Shower , shave , eat . clean out the car then hit the road for the day ! 
Back home at last , Had fun on the road just wish I could remember her name !!! 
It's Friday and I have to find something to get into befor I go insane !!! 
Beer & live music looks like today's winner of something to do !!! 
Didn't get to go out , got into it with uncle . I hate my life ! 
I got to get my life togather , then I think I might just be ok ! 
Going to bed hope I am in a better mood tomarrow ! 
It is the start of a new day !!! 
Get to go to the VA hospital monday and I get to help Hippie Uncle cut wood !!! 
Going to bed in a few , got alot to do tomarrow befor monday ! I can't wait ! 
Hiting the road in a few hours , got to go to the VA hospital for evals !!! 
On the road in a few to the VA . 
loadin up the dog and headed out the door ! 
Made it home , gonna get a day of rest till I have to do thanksgiving ! 
I am thankfull I made it another year with most of my memories intact and not needing a liver transplant ! Goodnight and happy Thanksgiving ! 
Made it home and had a good thanksgiving ! 
Headed out to the store to look for a 47 inch flat screen tv ! 
No one at wal-mart knows the specs on the tv's they sell . Looks like best buy just sold a tv . 
Going to bed maybe I won't feel like I am crazy and fighting ghost in my head tomarrow !!! 
Cant sleep having werid thoughts and bad dreams . I would not blame them if they throwed me in a crazy < PROPMALE > and lost the key ! 
Made it thru the night ! However my mind is still in a haze the ten years of mental scars you left run deep ! 
How can your wife leave you for another man , then a year later try to fight you when you file for divorce ? 
We walked side by side with hand in hand thru the years . Now that we promised forever you have disapeared . You ran off with some one you barely knew . Now I'm left standing here felling like I was just a muse . Well < PROPFEMALE > you might not admit it but it takes two . One day to late you will miss me , but by then I will have someone new . I swear this time the love will be true ! 
No matter how many women I find , they all remind me of her . Hear my prayers < PROPFEMALE > . When will these visions end ? 
Heavy is the head that last night wore the crown ! 
Off to Never Never Land !!! 
Lookin back on the past , I have to ask myself how am I still alive !!! 
One who know's nothing , can understand nothing ! 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy and paste this onto your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
There once was a Dodge city maid , she was a whore by trade . For a < PROPMALE > at a whack she would lay on her back , and let the cowboys have a poke at her crack ! One day to her surprise , her belly begun to rise ! Then out her slit gave a grunt , and out jumped a runt with his balls between his eyes ! 
THE INNER NATIONALITY QUIZ : WHAT ARE YOU REALLY ? -- My Result : You are Russian . . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/45430/referrals/status?aid=100001620943073 
I should have been born in the old west ! Five dollars , a bottle of wiskey , a good horse , and a cheep whore sure did get you a lot futher then it does now ! Just think about that , and good night everone ! 
A life Lived , No direction on where to go ! The meaning is unknown ! You must live for yourself , because in the end the only way out is death !!! 
Time to get lost in my mind ! I am hiting the road with no direction to go ! The only thing for sure is I am living this weekend for my self because in the end the only way out of this world is death ! 
Gone and on the road for the weekend ! 
Chillin in the noke with the family ! 
In the noke . The wedding was good . I might still belive in true love if I found the right one ! Congrats to Gunther and < PROPFEMALE > ! 
In the noke watchin the skins game then headin home b4 the snow comes ! 
About to leave the noke stop at grannys then head home ! 
Leavin my grandmothers and headin home ! 
Made it home safe what a wonderfull weekend with good friends and family ! 
Good night to all ! 
The minute you settle for less than you deserve , you get even less than you settled for . In the end people always turn out to be who they promised they would not be ! 
1/4 inch of ice = video game's all day ! 
Made it home safe ! Good Night ! 
Why after so long , do you still haunt my dreams ! 
Going to sleep now , if you haunt my dream's tonight tomarrow you will meet a 12 gauge and can haunt me in life !!! 
Life knows how to kick you in the balls and make you taste it ! 
As a wise man once said \It is what it is \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , I am hitin the road to be with family and friends ! 
With the family livin life :-D God bless the season ! 
Ten years in the making only took two years to let go ! GOD I love the season ! 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas < PROPFEMALE > to all :-D ! 
Livin the down home country christmas ! 
Livin it up ! Lol 
Friends , family , and snow < PROPFEMALE > christmas to all :-D 
My three year old cousin just answered the cell phone like a pro God bless the season ! 
God help me I am letin my cous dd drive down the interstate ! Lol 
Just gained 15 lb at dinner ! Hope dd dont kill me on the way back ! 
made it home alive ! now it is time to get ready for new years in Daytona !!!! 
Less than 24 hours till the daytona new years bash kicks off ! Damn we're fixin to get wild ! 
Sayin goodnight to the < PROPFEMALE > and hello to that big ol sun that lights up my life . 
Just chilled to the rehab cd damn i miss < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Its dec 31 and I got the ac on . God I love daytona Fl ... and 74 degree temps ! 
Drinking it up in Daytona with friends and family ! GOD Bless this new year ! 
Oh i can fly , oh shit i was wrong ! 
No matter how much you drink you want be able to fly . Damn gravity and the sudden stop at the ground ! 
Waiting at the va clinic to see how bad I fucked up my arm last night ! 
Waitin on results but most likely fractured my shoulder ! Damn we got a little too wild ! 
I love stripers and titty bars ! 
Life has been good to me so far .... 
Hungover and on the interstate thinkin about florida women and life ! Time for the new year drinking binge to end ! 
As the sunsets on the day , I stop to think with good friends and family it is a good day to be alive ! 
shoulder is still hurtin from drunk stunts , time to pop some pills and go to bed ! 
The hardest part to the start of a new day is puting your feet on the ground and telling yourself today is your day ! 
ZJust played the delet game with my phone 2010 I lost alot of family friends and women . I pray I am blessed with better people in my life 4 2011 and dont 
Just played the delet game with my phone contacts . I hope 2011 has less shady mofo's in my life ! 
I hold her close , and tell her I love her . Then the silencer makes a whisper of the gun shot ! 
The time you spend trying to get back what has been taken from you , more is going out the door in front of you ! 
House party on light side ! 
Made it home , goodnight and God Bless ! 
It is what it is ... 
Its 3:30 and im watching grandma's boy ! 
Life never turns out as you plan ! 
As we struggle with life friend's God and whiskey < PROPFEMALE > us down the rroad !!! 
Im all jacked up on MT DEW !!! 
I lay here awake wondering if I will find what I am seeking the day my heart stops beating ! 
It should be a crime to have a nice ass , pink hair , and be 50 what a waste of my time to have scoped you out ! 
chillin and getin ready for the monday blues ! 
A full day of video games it don't get much better than that ! 
Livin life in the sun and sand ! 
just discovered I have super power's! I can piss off a women by just breathing ! 
You better rec-a-fother-muckin-ize !!! 
The weekend needs to get here asap ! 
A man who has never made a woman angry is a failure in life . - < PROPFIRST > Morley 
\Being noticed can be a burden . Jesus got himself crucified because he got himself noticed . So I disappear a lot . \ " - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > " 
Chillin with the < PROPFEMALE > ! Prayin there will be muddin in heaven ! 
Lost in life ! 
Seeing my life in HD ! 
Tearing down the wall one brick at a time ! Made it home and goodnight ! 
I am tryin to survive in this generation of the doomed ! 
Dreams have a habit of going bad when you are not looking ! 
May you live every day of your life . - < PROPMALE > Swift 
I love blondes and honkey tonks ! 
I suck at life ! 
' s pillow is about to get some head !! 
Drunk texting should be a crime , and I should get a life sentance ! 
I am actually pretty impressed with the things I managed to do last night and the trouble I managed to get out of . not gonna lie guys .. i'm pretty awesome !!! 
I am apologizing , in advance , to whomever I may annoy , offend , or touch in an inappropriate manner ( unless it is wanted , lol ) during my alcoholic expedition !!! 
If any one is up and board my number is on my info text me ! 
Watching the sun rise to light up my life ! 
Nine O'clock and what to do ? 
Dear Monday , please quit stalking me . I am happy with Saturday and Sunday . You just always bum me out , nothing personal . Love , Me . 
At night I stare at the sky and wonder if the other half of my soul is staring at the same sky wondering the same thing ? 
I wish my bed was smaller so I do not have to feel so lonely when I go to sleep all alone ... Good Night Everyone !!! 
It's raining , It's pouring , Facebook is boring . I'm of to bed , to rest my head I'll see you all in the morning !!! 
If only you weren't my friend , then I could hurt you in the end ! 
Holy freakin camel crap i think it's time for a road trip ! Knoxville Tennessee Bound here I come ! We set sail at the break of < PROPFEMALE > , will be back after the weekend !!! 
Friday's make me happier than an Ethiopian kid at KFC !!! 
Just hit the tennessee state line . 
Chillen with the < PROPFEMALE > on a tennessee mt . Top ! 
It is a rainy tennessee weekend and i still love it ! 
White boys cant rap in tennessee ! 
We close in this mofo down ! God bless tennessee ! 
I love tennessee and good nite time to pass out facebook ! 
Head pounding , and watching the tennessee sun rise on a river bank in a mt . holler and drinking corn from a < PROPMALE > jar ! 
I dont water from fire lmao ! 
There is a black and white park documentary telling the public please dont malset the bears ! Lmao 
Grapefruit oatmeal and eggs one hell of a breakfest ! 
Tennessee women can race like hell on a go cart ! 
Off to the bar in search of tennessee blondes and whiskey ! Cotton eyed < PROPFIRST>'s here we come ! 
Mofos rode there horse to the bar in tennessee ! 
I love tennessee mech bulls and tittys ! 
Drunk in a tennessee bar thank god ! 
Got a shit eatin grin on my face lol 
Time for waffle house bitches lol 
Goin to bed lost my friends and my other < PROPMALE > has beer goggles ! Good night facebook see you tomarrow ! God bless tennessee ! 
Mech bulls hurt the next day ! 
It is good to be me ! 
I do not understand why they call it a \Free Country\ " when I have to obey all of these LAWS ! " 
You can never lower Heaven ... but you can always raise Hell ... 
I want to remind y'all , since it's the weekend : NEVER do anything you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics ! 
Off for the week end to a location unknown , where the women are hott and the beer is cold ! 
You got to love the genius behind the NETWORK !!! 
God bless the csa lmao ! 
What a beautiful mess im in ! 
I love the noke 
Past many mile post my soul made it home on empty ! 
I wonder if cupid has a job opening ? I would luv to shoot people in the ass and get away with it ! 
Isn't ironic that the first letters in < PROPFIRST>'s Day are VD ? Just sayin . LMAO !!! 
My soul is lost in the sun !!! 
I would like to place an order please ! A summer value meal with a lake , a boat , and a side order of frozen < PROPFEMALE > , with 8 hours of sunshine ! 
Off to the < PROPFEMALE > with the lawn gnomes , Good night face book ! 
Off to the unknown in search of a better life ! 
We come into this world knowing nothing , We leave this world with nothing , It is the strugles and strides in between that make us worth something ! 
I made it to the top of my rock ! 
Just thinkin my 1st gf is a friend on fb , but my own wife blocked me ! Just sayin . 
Don't judge me Monkey !!! 
Off to see what comes my way today ! 
Off to a honkey tonk ! 
< PROPFEMALE > may have fucked up my head but the rest of me still works ! 
I love red heads and i still can pull them ! 
Red heads love me lmao ! 
I made it with out you ! 
Red heads are fun ! 
made it home and good night ! 
I bid you all goodnight ! 
Just droped the cat off at the vet to have his balls cut off , boy is he gonna hate me ! 
Shine on you crazy < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I am contemplating living out the rest of my days like a dog ... if I can't eat it , or hump it , then I'm gonna piss on it and walk away !!! 
People who like Mondays are one corn dog shy of a picnic ! - < PROPMALE > 
Hell is wakeing up every day and not knowing why you are here ! 
Love is Evol spell it backwards and I'll show ya ! 
I would rather be single and feel lonely at times , than to be in a relationship and feel alone when my lover is standing right next to me ! 
Good Night Facebook !!! 
Going for a ride with the dog , if I am lucky I'll get lost in the sun and sand ! 
3 , 6 , 9 , the goose drank wine the monkey chewed tobacco on the streetcar line , the line broke , the monkey got choked , and they all went to heaven in a little row boat ! 
I am off to give my pillow head and my blanket some ass , good night yall ... 
Off to make that $$ < PROPMALE > TGIF !!! 
Nothing but sun and waves for me . Floridia is my new home , but our love sure gave something for them to talk about in that little one horse town ! 
Chillin in a hippie drum circle ! 
My middle finger gets a boner when I think of you ! 
Va was nice , but now it is time to pack my bag's and get my ass back in floridia sand . where the sun is hot and the women are hotter !!! 
Made it back home to daytona time to hit up the end of bike week !!!! 
good night daytona !!! 
Just got home from work at bike week time to hit the strip ! 
Workin last day of bike week ! God i love daytona ! 
time to chill daytona style on sunday night wit my boy mikey !!! 
Zzzz daytona beach zzzz good night zzzz ! 
time to clean the house blah !!!!! at least it is a nice day for later ! 
goin to the gym with my brother mikey man do i have some stress to work out today ! 
Time to chill on the daytona night ! 
Lovin down town daytona on a spring break night ! 
Drinkin at the ocean with mikey 
2 years ago i lost a brain and tied the knot atleast i still am drinkin with mikey ! 
Just water < PROPMALE > a palm tree lmao 
Happy St. Pattys day to all and for any one trying to reach me to day I'll be drinking after five to forget my mistakes and partying with the world in rejoyce she is gone so you might not reach me ! 
About to see the black dude from police acadamy and lovein daytona on st pattys day ! 
I hate you 4 the pain you caused me ! 
About to go out with mikey hope tonight is better than last night ! atleast it is friday night in daytona and spring break ! 
Sun Shine and Sand , now where can I find a drink ! 
logging off geting ready for life time to spend the night on the beach strip with my brother mikey ! the < PROPFEMALE > is going to be the biggest and brightest it has been in 18 years tonight should be fun ! 
Hitin up ocean deck wit mikey lovin double bock 
Last night my and my brothers story could have been a movie , it was pure awsome shit !!! 
Goodnight daytona beach , long day tomarrow ! 
As i awake to meet the day and find my path in life i ask how is it you are still in my dreams , at least this time you were strung out , unhappy , and a helicopter crashlanded on you and killed your chlied in your womb that you concived by cheating on me ! 
Fuck it I am going to the beach for some sun ! 
When every thing you have done in your life is to please others , and one day you find yourself all alone how do you please yourself ? 
good night daytona beach tomarrow i hit the road to handle some buisness , may you keep the drinks cold and the women hott till my retrun !!! 
Mind set to mellow time to take that strange trip they call LIFE !!! 
Back in va god i dont miss this place ! 
My heart weeps 4 those who made me fall in love with the special moments in life only to wall out my door ! 
Every beginning comes from another begining's end !!! 
Just how weird can you stand it , Bubba , before your love will crack ?... HST 
Stuck in va on a saturday night what to do and missin daytona beach ! 
You might not get what you want , but if you try sometimes you just might find you get what you need ! ponder that and good night ! 
Pulaski is a hell hole even on a sunday ! 
Chillin in the noke on a monday night ! 
stuck in va on a thursday I need people that want to go out 4 thirsty thursday !!! 
TGIF anyone got any ideas 4 toight !! 
maybe the bar in a bit , then throwin a house party in Dublin who's down !!! 
Round two bar hoping and a house party in dublin who is down ! 
life is to short , so live it up , drink it down , party hard , smoke alot , break the rules , kiss slowly , love truly , laugh loudly , have fun , make memories , and never forget or regret anything that once made you smile :) 
