Only just got into Facebook . Still working on my profile and all that good stuff . 

Did my SAT's today . I thought it went well , expect that I was 2/3 of the way through the essay before that section of the test ended -.- 
I haven't been on Facebook much in the last few days . I've been spending all my time on Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 2 , owning mad n00bs lolz 
Huge in gaming news : Infinity < PROPMALE > CEO and Studio Head and a IW co-founder have been fired for ( according to what is known and some speculation ) conspiring to switch publishers . Their current publisher , Activision obviously doesn't want to see their < PROPFEMALE > goose leave . Wonder what'll happen to Call of Duty ? 
Felt like an ass in gym today , just standing around cuz I definately can't play basketball ... 
Hate to screw up the ' A ' I have in Psychology but I don't think I'm going to do this damn paper ... 
Thanks guys . For some reason , it still won't let me change my birthday . I was born in ' 92 , not ' 91 -.- 
Thanks everyone ! :D 
<3 all you guys 
As though I didn't have enough crap in my life , I can now add the strong possiblity of having to move ( houses ) to the list . 
Today has been an awesome day so far . That hypnotist show was the most funny thing in a long time and despite applying so late , got my UMassD acceptance letter today :D 
Yeah ... I suck at coming up with things to put in peoples ' yearbooks . Fair warning . 
What fine weather we are having on the morning of this special event -.- 
Does anyone know what time the UMassD orientation starts tomorrow ? I was told 7:30 in the morning but that'd mean we'd be there about ... 31 hours =O 
Now I'm having second thoughts about my < PROPMALE > at UMassD . I'm thinking Psychology might be the better choice than Computer Science at the end ... 
Any future UMassD people start reading that Predictably Irrational book ? Some pretty interesting/useful stuff in there , actually . 
Thanks UMassD , way to make everything confusing as hell . I took my placement test on orientation day ( which only knew about thanks to friends , nothing in the mail ) so I couldn't make schedule then . Yet when I get my requirement classes from you , you give me weird-ass classes for science and my < PROPMALE > . You even chose my general elective . < PROPMALE > , Crafts , and Popular Objects ? Wth ? 
So ... anyone know anything about this UMassD orientation coming up on the 28th or whenever it is ? Haven't gotten anything in the mail or my inbox about it ... kinda like the first one - . 0 
Ugh . I just got the syllabus from my English teacher . I see the word ' essay ' way too many times . Also , why does my teacher disallow me from talking about windmills on Essay #2 ? 
Finally found an elective . I guess I'll be learning < PROPMALE > every Tues and Thurs , lol 
I have switched to using my real last name , ' da < PROPFEMALE>' for UMass . How did I not notice the typo in my bio ? It was something like : \I was in fact born in Portuguese ... \ " Wtf ? " 
Looks like I'm moving to a house close to Mt . < PROPFEMALE > Church . I'm assuming it's a nice area . Anyone live in the neighborhood ? 
Programming mid-term tomorrow . \ 
I'm fucked :D 
inbox only : tell me something you've always wanted to tell me . it stays between me and you , then post it as your status and see what you get : ) 
No Interwebs until Tuesday :( 
5 days of almost constant lifting and moving crap . No Internet/XBL until tomorrow . Can only use school computers ... 
So ... on my way to UMass , as I entered Dartmouth , I saw a strange fellow on the busy road , listening to his iPod , riding a horse in the rain . Wtf ? 
Waiting for my mom to get home from work with my copy of Black Ops . Probably not going to sleep for about ... 42 hours . Class later today and Wednesday . I'll survive . It's been done before . 
< PROPMALE > canceled for today . If only I'd get an email from my math teacher too ... 
My big < PROPMALE > test tomorrow is going to be fun . \ 
Ich bin geschraubt ... 
Oh yeahhh . Finally got my liscense lol 
After a hospital visit , I found out that my chest pain was not heart related . It would have sucked if it was and I was dying or something . It would have been worse if I had to go on a DIET . 
