Just finished college apps . now I get to wait ... smooth sailing from here on out 

is posting in third person 
watching football ... The steelers need the raiders AND the chiefs to win to make the playoffs . I dont really like their chances . . . 
teamnight ... now its time for the game . 
Tough Game 
USC won . Now it won't look as cool when Penn State beats OSU . 
just finished work ... have to go back at 4-9 . i thought double sessions were over . 
The Patriots are FINALLY playing . Im excited 
Gardiner vs . Morse football game on at 8 on TWC . 
Awesome TV night ! Man vs . Wild , Man vs . Food , and the Ultimate Fighter . Forget homework . 
national talk like a pirate day . honestly ? 
P-A-T-S , pats pats pats ! ( i know its the jets chant , thats the joke ) 
golf at 430 . havent been in a while 
why the jets ?... golf was fun ... maine day at bowdoin tomorrow . 
The cowboys and giants are playing , who are you supposed to root for ? can both teams loose ? 
Bowdoin today . It was an awesome trip 
Just got back from senior pics , glad they're done 
Penn State vs . Iowa , looking for a little revenge . Whiteout !! 
9:00 new Family Guy ! 
thinking about getting a buzz cut , maybe tomorrow . 
watching the pats at pauls 
way too much calc homework ! 
Is excited to be back to contact in football , hopes < PROPMALE > is fine 
Full day tomorrow . School , practice , teamnight , then homecoming dance . home around 11 , wow 
really liking the four day weekend . youth footall games- work at 5 
Just back from work . It was really busy , but went wicked fast . 
Florida vs . Arkansas . 
trying to watch bama vs . sc . little sister's friends over . REALLY annoying . 
isnt looking forward to doing hs english 
The patriots should play like this every week ( so far at least ) 
visiting UMO tomorrw with school . why do they schedule those trips on half days ?! 
is happy that penn state beat michigan 
just watched Trick ' r ' Treat . such a messed up movie ! 
building my launcher with < PROPFIRST > , paranormal activity at 10 , buying tickets early , gunna be packed ! 
way too much homework this week . 
Day off , Pats game at one 
New Family Guy ! 
is ready for the play trip tomorrow/another day off 
just got back from coldstone creamery , and getting the new COD . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Is not surprised that Leavitt won . It seemed to be their year 
is excited because he just found out that shinedown and puddle of mudd are coming to lewiston . 
Patriots !!! 
home from work , first regular season meet tomorrow , time for bed 
doesnt get why people voted for the quizes everyday this week in calculus . 
Listening to a backstreet boys cd on the way to boston ... Please someone kill me 
TCU and Boise . Im calling a Boise upset . 
BCS national championship tonight . Alabama ftw 
texas is getting tooled on 
pink with black pokadots 
since when have the patriots been from oakland ? 
Today , I watched the Patriots play . FML 
Ravens VS Colts 
I wish I could get home this early everyday ; it's worth the midterms . 
Just watched celebrity jeopardy . The answer to the final jeopardy question was < PROPFIRST > Brown , and one of them actually got it wrong ... I mean c'mon 
the vikings should STOP FUMBLING . It is loosing them the game ! 
Rain days are even better than snowdays ! 
shinedown/puddle of mudd ( I missed skillet ) concert was sick . shinedown put on a kick ass show . im still not quite sure when ill be able to hear again though 
watching the probowl with < PROPFIRST > 
Man vs Food live ! 
SUPER BOWL 
olympic curling is really pointless . they might as well make sledding an event ... oh right thats one too 
Back from work at the CC . going back either 4 or 5 tomorrow ? 
wisdom teeth are out , but i dont even look like a chipmunk- the only part i was looking forward to . haha 
The Crazies was sick ... \did < PROPFIRST > call ? \"" 
The first golf game of the year is officially in the books . Im excited ! 
doesnt want to work on his physics paper ... 
last night was an awsome surprise ! I didnt see it coming at all ( maybe becuse it was a week early lol ) , and the party was wicked fun ! 
haircut 
lit-fest round two at 6pm- taking advantage of the half day 
lit-fest -- last show at 6pm 
Bought my first scratch tickets ... $0 , as expected hahaha 
holy michigan state vs < PROPFEMALE > ! my bracket is officially busted hahaha 
watching the hangover then new family guy 
just ate my weight in food at the wrestling awards night . chillin and watching the game . bed eventually 
mint cookies and cream = best kind of ice cream 
\it's a lion ; of course it bites \"" 
it's snowing WAY too much for mid-April ! 
watching public enemies with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ... orono open house in the AM . Anyone else going ? 
track meet tomorrow , I probably should get to bed ... its going to be a loooong day 
thunderstorm ?? what happened to 70 and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
the draft is on ... 
home from vending today's shows . back to the CC tomorrow to work the rest of the circus shows all day 7:30 AM- who knows when- probably 10PM . its gunna be fun ... 
the bruins and the celts have big playoff games tonight AND the redsox play the yankees ? man ... 
anyone else notice that the bruins ' game score is ironically similar to the series ? 
the calc paper took long enough ... 
all packed and ready to go- pennobscot rapids here I come ! 
paranormal activity 2 ? 
The world's greatest sporting event --- sunday at noon 
the homerun derby is on ... No steroids = No fun 
has a future in fly wrangling hahaha 
It is indeed always < PROPFEMALE > in philadelphia . 
, dispite his building excitement as the week has passed , is even more excited to captain the pirate tube at the concert on the lake tomorrow . < PROPFIRST > is expecting this excitement to keep growing . 
Im beat , but it was a fun day ! The concert was pretty sweet , and was followed by an awesome bbq / mad tubing + intercom trashtalking session . 
could it be ? football season again ? GO PATS ! 
college laptop finally in and picked up today- new skype account ; add me : colby . fortierbrown . The expendables later 
actually gets to sleep in tomorrow . It will be a good day . 
it was a fun time at lunch with my little sis ; now out to the theater later with my little brother . :) 
brownies : the breakfast ... and luch of champions . The liberal cup may have a hard time living up to them for supper . 
Vs . never ending pasta bowl part two : revenge 
My summer is gone . One more day , Then I'm off to college ! 
college life is pretty sweet so far 
The comedian was so funny last night , that im pretty sure that I might have peed a little 
first two classes tomorrow 8 and 9 am ... yay 
apparently 14 pizzas can feed a dorm floor and a whole sorority 
Isnt it about time for fall ... or air conditioned dorms ? 
classes done for the day ! maybe I will even be able to fit in a nap between the homework ! 
wishes he was on his way down to boston to see Cage the Elephant and STP tonight 
1 class down , 3 to go . 11 , 12 and 1(-5 ) 
it's freezing outside ! 
brought his laptop , but not his laptop's charger ; way to go , me 
back from a nice long run . chillaxin ' in my room , and getting some homework done so that I can catch the game later 
is back from being accidentally locked out of his room ... now maybe he can do homework before the game haha 
What a game ! 
no longer believes that \college doesn't have busy-work \"" 
chem hw is finally done . Bracing for a fun filled day of classes tomorrow from 8AM- 8:30 PM 
Slime is far more enjoyable to play with than to clean up ... 
i might have to swim back from class tonight 
just loves getting his sheets and bedding stolen while at class ... Does anyone want to help me with the $ 1,000,000 ransom ? 
getting ahead on some homework 
Flag Football Game !! 
flag football was fun . chem lab report , and ASB application tonight 
wednesdays are like torture ... maybe worse 
Homework got done early tonight ; chillaxin , and the pizza should arrive shortly 
nice wet run back to gannett 
The JETS ? Really ?! 
The Strangers was definitely a better choice , and far less scary than my lab report 
The inventor of the snuggie went to UMO 
chillaxin ' 
physics exam : yay 
is researching pros and cons for whether or not drugs and devices for enhancing brain function should be employed for non-medical applications , and is having just as much fun as it sounds . 
I would not be surprised if I fell asleep waiting for laundry tonight 
< PROPMALE > Cook is coming to the Cumberland County Civic Center November 7th ! 
just got a bid ! yessssssssssss ! 
How can you loose with three < PROPMALE > welker's 
since when has CHB been at 2 ? 
tuesday night lab report session 
\that's what she said\ " jokes make chem lab much more entertaining " 
greatness never came from realistic goals 
loves getting sprayed by cars hitting puddles . I thought that only happened in the movies 
< PROPMALE > Lab in a few hours 
if everyone put someone else first , no one would be second 
Home cooked meals are MUCH nicer than hilltop . my stomach will be very happy for these next four days . 
promised that he would tag < PROPFIRST > Fortier-Brown in a post 
golfing with my dad and my brothers today , portland bound later . 
Just ate spectacular pumpkin chocolate chip cookies made by the greatest mom ever : < PROPFEMALE > Fortier Brown 
Heading back to Orono . Big Gs on the way ! 
four and a half hours worth of classes canceled . It's a good day : for a wednesday 
could it be ? ANOTHER four hours of class i don't have to go to ? This is a good week 
loving the physics HW 
pizza and football 
avoiding my lab report 
is taking a break from thinking for a few minutes 
thank you coffee 
going to the softball game in style 
managed to get a ticket without waiting in line for hours ( or minutes ) , AND free pizza ... SCORE ! 
Holy student section ! I'm ready for round two tomorrow !! 
whew , what a good night's sleep ! I actually have a voice this morning too 
loves breakfast at 2 
lab report ??? hmmm .... 
\GPAs of facebook were found to be a full grade point lower than those of non-users . \ " Stumbleupon probably doesnt help either haha " 
is now officially a member of sigma phi epsilon 
I know they say college is rough , but sandpaper brand tp ... mannn 
the three P's: pizza , physics and procrastination 
dinner then tosh time !! 
physics homework ... can I watch < PROPFIRST > tosh again instead ? 
the costume is complete 
how could we have possibly beaten a team called the master batters ? 
just remembered the CHB homework . 
front row seats to the flash-mob in the union , and ate lunch with the director of the counseling center , head of economics , and the < PROPFIRST > of natural sciences and forestry at the university : overall not a bad lunch hour . 
expecting < PROPMALE > Cook later to be at least slightly more entertaining than the patriots game . The browns ? really ?? 
If the early bird gets the worm , doesn't the early worm just get eaten ? 
At home for the night due to the weather . Sorry physics rec . and chem lecture , I will not be joining you tomorrow ... 
\One day your life will flash before your eyes ; make it worth watching\ " -Anonymous " 
thanks Umaine for raising tuition this year so that you could finally afford to do construction right outside my room at 2AM . 
I just witnessed a 3 on 1 zombie flank attack on my way back from class : funniest thing I've seen all day 
VOTE < PROPFIRST > ORTIZ FOR STUDENT BODY VICE PRESIDENT !! 
\but what are we running from ? \ 
tabling at the union . Come buy a duck ! 
going straight from a formal event wearing a suit to a meeting where I have to dress up as a homeless person tonight . hmmm ... this could be challenging 
Thanks(for)giving(me a ) break . Homeward bound in a bit . 
I give thanks for the patriots 
Boise state vs < PROPFEMALE > = best game I've seen this year 
Back on campus : music's loud , and pizza's on its way 
I love < PROPFEMALE > Griffin 
And the < PROPFIRST > goes to : < PROPFEMALE > Saunders 
stumble break 
what smells like burnt tie ?? 
has gained possession of a new pet fish 
into town for pet supplies 
now might be a good time to start my lab report ... 
who steals a fish ?? 
drinking < PROPFEMALE > D . from the bottle and eating ramen with a plastic knife between assignments : college at its finest 
postrasternating 
just finished an intense tennis ball sock flail war with < PROPFIRST > Hapworth < PROPMALE > Chesley , and Chandler Smith 
semester one is in the books 
Just one more day , and one more meeting ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Sparacio , when are we going to Big G's ? And why can't I write on your wall ? 
taking the runts christmas shopping 
wikileaks got a hold of < PROPFEMALE>'s list 
< PROPFIRST > Connolly is my hero 
< PROPFIRST > Connolly wins AP special teams player of the week over game winning DeShean < PROPMALE > , and record setting < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ... I love it !! 
We elves try to stick to the four main food groups : < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > canes , < PROPFEMALE > corns and syrup . 
\You're my boy . You're one damn lucky bastard ! \"" 
Saint < PROPFIRST > , mayor of Maine , rides moose and once climbed a mountain so tall that it took two days to get up AND back down all during winter in a thunderstorm 
\Who brings a tote on the T ?! \"" 
Boston Globe ?? Sure ! 
bed > cot 
missing Boston already 
pretty sure the jets ' trash talking is rubbing off on the fans 
I was expecting the human centipede to be worse 
