I know its a bit late , but HAPPY NEW YEAR EVERYONE !!!! 

Laundry day , woohoo .... 
got complimented on my singing last night and told I should audition for theater ! OMG ! 
la la la la la pppppppppbbbbbbbbbtttttt blah de da de da 
A marriage , birthday party , and a bar for karaoke all in one day , oh my ! This will be a test ! 
I can't sleep , I hate this , it's driving me insane ! It's my mind not shutting up though my body is ready to rest . Pills take too long to work , so here I am , waiting ... impatiently . :( 
I think I am going to try on a change in demeanor ... 
is going down to the Urban Onion in a bit for some karaoke and finally enjoying a perfect temperature ... 
Yay for karaoke and fun friends ! I had a blast , < PROPFIRST > invited me on a biking trip with him and a bunch of peeps down the OR coast , but I dunno ... Going to have to think about that , but it sounds like fun ! 
wonders why some people lie over and over even though their lies clear as cellophane . I loathe people . 
are we there yet ? 
I love my family ... I really do ... Just in ITTY BITTY TEENY < PROPFEMALE > DOSES ! 
is frustrated with how even when you are brand new to something you are somehow expected to know what to do for EVERYTHING !! 
Why is what I am looking for always in the last place I look ? 
Getting ready for class , so excited to get this started , done with , and on with tax season ! 
hates to wait but is willing to tough it out . 
I don't know about all of you , but I am headed out to the Viking on Carpenter and < PROPFIRST > Way tonight , see you there ? 
Going to game today ! Woot ! 
Has begun sorting , deleting , and blocking apps ... sorry , too many , too much alike , and not enough time to make the effort . 
Almost time for < PROPMALE > to get out of school on his first day ! 
Losing track of time , anyone seen it ? 
OHHH !!! 2009 1040's are out !!! 
Going to Frankies tonight ! Woohoo ! Costume and karaoke contest , should be a blast ! 
In shock and awe ... I think I actually managed to get tired AND fall asleep before midnight ! 
* SOB * I am starting the 5th and final season of Quantum Leap ... I don't want it to end ... I know it will though since this show has been off the air for sometime now . But one can always dream , right ? 
But I LIKE cheeseburgers ! 
So excited !! Found out tonight that on Sat . Dec . 5th I get to do my first karaoke hosting gig at Frankies !!! WOOHOO !!! Hope to see all my friends out there giving support ! 
Waiting to take out this gauze and for my mouth to stop being numb !! 
Oh my ... Here we go again ! 
Anyone got an extra $490 I could borrow ? Lol , apparently thats how much fixing the car will cost . 
Saturday , Dec . 5th , 6pm-2am I will be hosting karaoke upstairs at Frankies in Oly ! Frankies now has a few Wii systems as well as shuffle board , darts , and seven pool tables ! Upstairs is a private club , $10/year membership and so worth it . If you are a smoker , this is your place , you can do that here and it's pretty well ventalated for those non-smokers . Come on out and have some fun ! 
Had a great time hosting karaoke last night !!! Hopefully < PROPMALE > will want to take another day off sometime soon so I can do it again :) 
Listening to Psycho by Puddle of Mudd - I love this song ! 
Snow !! Finally it is begining to snow ! 
Just did a < PROPMALE > friends list cleaning ... 
A new day and the end of the work/school week ! Started off with some needed laughs provided by bumperstickers ... Thank you Tiff :) 
Why did I start this project knowing that I probably couldn't do it on my own ? * sigh * Guess I gotta just let it be till backup arrives ... 
In the new place , no phone or internet yet ... Working on it though so be patient ! 
Got the net and a home phone again ! Yay ! 
< PROPMALE > is sleeping ... time to play ! Well , if I had any energy that is ... 
Tax season here we come !! I am so excited to get started ! If you want to get a special deal on a tax return prepared by me , I need your name and number by this Fri !! 
Black 
Feeling a bit ignored by some people as of late , oh well , gives me more time to do things I have been putting on hold for others . 
I am so excited for the new tax season ! Just going to be sad when its over ... that and looking like the devil for a job till the next season ! Lol . 
Another sign that the economy is terrible : When you have to be your own psychotherapist because you can't afford a real one and you don't qualify for insurance to get one . 
So I made a goal to lose weight this tax season rather than gain it ... so far so good , down two pounds this week , woohoo ! 
My work is doing a food drive for the Thurston County Food Bank , bring in any unopened non-perishable food items and get $15 off you tax prep fee ! If you already did your taxes , or don't intend to have us do them , you can still bring some food down to donate :) I am at the Tumwater < PROPMALE > Hewitt office off Capitol Blvd . or you can bring a donation into any of the other offices in < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Tumwater . 
Shame on you America : the only country where we have homeless without shelter , children going to bed without eating , elderly going without needed meds , and mentally ill without treatment - yet we have a benefit for the people of Haiti on 12 TV stations . I have the guts to copy and repost this .... 
Lots to do today ! 
on the kitchen table 
My day WAS going well . 
Quick poll ... What's the most important to least important expense : Rent , phone , power , other ? I know what I think it is , but I am curious what other people think . Just thought a consensus may help my dilemma of deciding which < PROPMALE > I can pay and which < PROPMALE > I have to let get shut off . 
Anyone know where I can sell Plasma around where I live ? 
Yay !!! I got my car ! < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Breitfeld fixed it for me !!! 
Off on an adventure to find some somewhat \lost\ " family ... wish me luck ! " 
< PROPFIRST > made nummy French bread :) 
Off to see the wizard ! Er ... kinda , feeling a lot better but still have a big of a cough . Today is a long one and at the end rest will be much needed . 
The way states and the government take care of people is sickening ! Impossible to get help and they basically give you incentives to get pregnant so you can get the impossible help ! How stupid is that ?! 
wow .... 1 bottle with 12 tables of generic cost over $21 ! WTF is going on here ?! 
is wishing that she didn't feel alone . 
Ummm , anyone else having problems with gift requests ? I keep trying to confirm them and nothing happens . The < PROPFEMALE > just reloads and the request is gone . ??? 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , being annoyed , attempting to keep my attitude to myself before going to socialize so I don't take it out on everyone else . 
Paintball tomorrow , should be fun as always ! 
Two days ... 
27 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Off to < PROPFEMALE>'s! Had a great dinner last night , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Have you ever had those moments in life where you want to scream and cry and lash out and then , it's over , clear reasoning and thinking return yet seems somehow a bit cynical and somewhat scary in the calmness of it ...? 
Stand up and be counted ... Or we'll hunt you down ... :D 
Got to < PROPFEMALE > out with my baby sis and my older sis < PROPFEMALE > today , was great to see them ! 
You know what sucks ? When you start to feel better and then your kid brings a germ to you ... 
Healthcare in this nation sucks ... 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO MY TWO MOMMIES AND TO ALL OTHER MOMS !!! 
< PROPFIRST > is wearing his BCG's as he calls them ... He doesn't believe me when I says he still looks good .... 
Very sleepy ... off to bed ... work in the morning ... BLAHHHHHH 
I am VERY upset with some peoples LACK of parenting ... 
Headed out for my job interview ... wish me luck ! 
< PROPMALE > has a program today for his kindergarden class ... He is getting so big ! Going to go into 1st grade in Sept .!!! 
My two cents ... 
Happy Fathers day to all you dads ! 
Concerned about my friend ... hope all ends well . 
Waiting to hear back ... Just got home from my second interview at the job ... 
Ok ... so maybe I am silly , but Halloween is one of my favorite holidays ... Anyhow , I am looking through the Avon Outlet brochure ( for items that are almost gone ) and I come across this ! \Halloween \ 
Doing laundry , walking the cat , chatting up the neighbors ... And such a beautiful day to enjoy it all in . 
I am loving learning but I really do think that if I can't get this one simple command to work , my brain may just explode ! 
Perfected the script ... well , this version of it , and NOW what do I find ? Character limitation !!! ARGGGGGG Dangit ! 
Who rocks ? I do ! Finished my script , made it better than I started out to do and it works like a dream , go me !!! 
Mo is awesome ... I walk into the bathroom and he is just laying there , in the tub . Then I see he has one of his jingle toys in there ... * grins * I roll it around using the curves of the tub and he goes wild ! Now he is entertaining himself , picking it up out of the drain when it gets there and bringing it back to the high-end of the tub . 
I love it when I cook and it turns out just as good , or even better , than I planned :) 
Wracking my brain trying to solve a possible problem for a friend , anyone know law information for WA state or where I can get it ? And no , not from a paid consult , no money and not my obligation . 
I hate this stupid virus !!! Working to get it fixed but not sure how long it will take . Thankfully though < PROPFIRST > has his laptop and I have extra security measures , lol . 
Yay ! Computer is fixed , thank you < PROPFIRST > , I love you ! 
OK , so apparently there is something going around about a mom posting a picture that got her arrested ... yada yada ... anyhow , it is a bunch of bs and will attempt to infect your comp with a trojan . DO NOT CLICK IT JUST REPORT IT . 
I am up and full of energy , I have got so many great items I've been going through and sorting . Going to do a BIG raffle , giving away hundreds of dollars worth of AVON . Excited to see how well it goes ! 
So my cell is not active ATM . As off 12am it turned off till I can afford to turn it back on ; which , if all goes well , should be within a week . But if not , please don't think I am ignoring you ... I am not . 
Three friends , three birthdays , hmmm ... why is it the second ? 
Anyone got any tips/tricks for removing a U shaped Masterlock for a bike ? I lost the keys ... a long time ago ... and need to unlock it . 
Yay !!! < PROPFIRST > you ROCK !!! 
So yesterday my PU fried in my computer :( But thankfully it was still under warranty so it was free to replace , but now it seem that it may have fried something else in the process . Perhaps the video card ? :( 
Mo is precious ... he knows what sound the little laser light makes if someone picks it up . He will run to them , wait , and watch around the ground for the little red light to come on and < PROPMALE > . He knows its a toy , but loves it still . :) 
Who rocks ? I ROCK !!! I fixed my puter ! Yay !! I am so thankful for all your help < PROPMALE > , just that one little thing I missed , but thankfully I don't have to go without because there is no way I could have afforded the parts otherwise . 
Off here in just a few to a wedding , woooo 
My head is swimming ... the heat is killing me , sleep sounds so good right now but no can do :( 
Broken and shattered . A million pieces and fighting to the death to pick them up and put them back together . I am strong enough to beat this , strong enough to win . The old me gave up and allowed misery to overcome me , but I WILL NOT let it happen again ! 
Amazingly ok . I suppose now its time to explain to those who thought I was fragile ... I am not , I am stronger than you knew ; than I knew in fact and it is that strength and faith that will keep me going . 
Amazing how many doors and opportunities open up in one day ... 
Funny how things work ; amazing how you can change and adapt so quickly ; and wonderful when you can still surprise and impress yourself . 
Turning in the Avon order for campaign 18 today , if you wanted to get something , let me know by 8pm tonight ! All orders can earn raffle tickets , don't forget , even if you don't buy anything , if your referral does , you can still get tickets for that referral ! 
Anyone doing anything today/tonight ? 
I got a job ! Yay !! I start training tomorrow , please don't bombard me with questions ... as I know some of you .. not naming names ( MOM !!! ) 
Shocking ... I have ... no , HAD , never seen Pretty in Pink ... Just finished watching it . Had I payed to see this movie before , I would have been furious ! What the heck kind of ending was that ?!? 
My feet hurt ... thank goodness I have one more day till I get some time off ! Whee ! 
Getting ready to start another shift for work . Last day of training , then two days off , woooooh ! 
Home ... tired ... glad I have a few days rest now ... 
Got called in a bit early to work today , so unfortunately no time to really play :( Oh well , need the money so it works . Wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeee , here we go again ! 
DDO is eating my brain !!! 
Getting ready for my 8 hour shift BLAH ! Lol :) 
I wonder where she is .... 
Getting ready for another night ... followed by a little rest , then back to work , whee !!!! 
Off to work , feeling kinda blah but it has to be done ... 
Tax classes for < PROPMALE > Hewitt serving Thurston & < PROPMALE > County begins Oct . 7th . Thursdays @ 6pm . If you're interested in becoming a paid preparer , let me know and I can help get you set up and answer any questions you may have . 
Off to start another week at work . Wheeeee 
I hate passwords ... I really should just use one , but they say don't ... so I don't ... AND THEN I HAVE TROUBLE REMEMBERING THEM ALL !!! ARGH ! 
Landry !!! Yay ! 
Got the test results back for Mo . He has a doctor appointment tomorrow and hopefully we can fix this quickly with meds . 
Got done at the Vet ( appointment was rescheduled ) and Mo got his ears cleaned , a dose of revo , a shot in his rear ? Not sure where they put it .... and a bottle of pills . He was such a good boy about swallowing his first dose . Hope this clears it all up . 
I am thoroughly impressed with the speed of St. Peters ER tonight ... < PROPFIRST > had a little incident while attempting to making giant french fry HAHA . He is fine now :) 
Happy Halloween everyone ! 
OK ... just $260 to go and rent is covered . Grr ... why are some people so unethical ? 
OMG , it is Friday and I don't have to work , how did this miracle happen ?! 
Off to another exciting night of work ... woo ... so thrilled , can ya ' tell ? 
Off to see the Wizard ... the wonderful wizard of ... awe shoot ... never mind , just the work demons again . Maybe next week . 
Had an excellent night at work :) 
I has the sniffles and work in a hour ... Please let this day go by fast so that I may come home , curl up with a cup of hot coffee , blanket , and < PROPFIRST > . 
Off to work I go , driving in the snow , wheee !!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving all ! 
Perhaps this is why there are so many unhappy marriages ... not because the cost of divorce is so high , but the fact that the dang paperwork is repetative , long , and confusing ! 
I don't wanna ... you can't make me ! Dang it .... ok , I guess if you say so ... 
Whee , off for another exciting night of work ! 
Champagne 
hmmmm , this should ... hopefully , be interesting :D 
I am so thrilled .... I get to work the swing again today .... at least I will be home at night which is nice . 
Free time , whats that ? 
Put a little more strawberry in the blond .... 
Feeling like a little karaoke tonight :) 
Ugh ... reminded why I don't like karaoke on Friday nights ... Too many people ! Oh well , had one song , that was good enough for me . Now to enjoy the peace and quiet of home . 
< PROPMALE > has apparently learned how to dial my phone number and decided to call me at 8am and tell me he loved me :) How precious ! Good thing I was awake , lol . 
Thunder is rolling , rain is falling , lights are flickering ... My kind of night ! 
I think my kitten is really a dog in disguise ... She keeps spinning in circles chasing her tail ... 
4 Hours sleep ... Time to get back up and start again ! 
Doing surprisingly awesome , ready to start a new day , new job , and new sleep schedule ! Here we go !!! 
Just got home from 1st day at the new job . Went well , made friends , met co-workers and even started a carpool ... kinda , lol . Looking forward to tomorrow ! 
Ug ... must attempt to get some sleep soon 
Ugh , I should be sleeping , what is wrong with me ?! 
Happy Holidays all ! 
I love you grandma < PROPFEMALE > , you will be missed . RIP 
Starting to tire .... maybe I will get a full nights rest for once ! 
I love the present Tiff , thanks so much !!! 
Hope everyone has a safe and happy new years ! 
Problems with Electric Monopoly ... you ( kids ) don't learn valuable math skills ... and how to screw people out of money ... two , there has to be one dedicated banker who is trustworthy or everyone has to bank for themselves and everyone has to be trustworthy .... but mainly , it takes so much longer waiting for the stupid machine to do anything ! 
Becoming sucked into the world of the Sims 3 ... 
Got an IM .... \hey is this you ?? apps.facebook.com/mditcjlovi/\"\ 
I love the snow .... About 1.5 \-2\ " in just a few hours ... so sad to think they predict rain will come and wash it away :( " 
mmmmmmMMMmmm MULITAS !!!!! I HAVE YOU NOW ! BWAHAHAHA NOM NOM NOM ! 
I'm beginning to hate mornings ... 
I should be sleeping right now but find myself in deep investigation of our legal rights as tenants ... blah !!! 
Anyone really REALLY knowledgeable in regards to the landlord tenant laws or more specifically what is required for environmental health/safety in apartments ? 
* grumbles * computer powered off then mouse and keyboard gave me issues .... so much wasted time I could have been procrastinating !!! 
I can see !!! It's a miracle ! No ... not really , just new contacts :) 
Going to bed now , night all ! 
Totally diggin ' this gift from < PROPFIRST > ... 
People who argue on the internet really should have their internet privileges revoked for stupidity and just flat out rudeness ... 
So apparently , not sure how this is going to work yet , but they are going to remove my bedroom wall ... 
I gotta take a break from tagging ... I dunno why , but I am going tag happy on photos today . I even tagged Tigger in one of the photos with < PROPMALE > and its just the stuffed one ! ( And no < PROPMALE > , before you ask , its not from the taxidermist ... ) 
Awe poor < PROPFIRST > asked me to wake him when I got home ... I gave him a good half hour before doing so and he tells me that there were guys outside banging around doing construction :( Anyhow , so back to sleep he went . 
Apparently I am the < PROPFEMALE > of bad communication skills . I avoid conflict like the plague , I grew up with a lot of violence and don't like to argue , so how on Earth do I manage to come off to some as being offensive or rude when I am just trying to be courteous ? This is why I am not a social person . I don't do well with others and stuff like this just makes me not want to try . 
Yay for new breaks . < PROPFIRST > just finished the front ... will have him do the back tomorrow . 
Have a good day all ! Off to work with me ... Whee ! 
Had a great day at work . Amazing how fast the day goes by when you have a constant distraction :) 
Just got home from dropping < PROPMALE > off . Went over and gave him a needed hair cut and found out his school was having a skate thing at Skateland . Apparently he wasn't going to get to go so I opted to take him . Had a fun time even if my ankles , calves , and knee all hurt now . It was worth it . 
I don't wanna go to work , I changed my mind , can I just take an extended weekend ? 
So freaking tired this morning . I pray this time at work will pass quickly . 
Off to work I go .... BLAH >.< 
Yay ... I enjoy my job and I really like how the day at work seems to fly by because there is always work to do . 
Yay for lots of sleep .... Who cares if I got nothing accomplished yesterday , I got much needed rest ! 
Its my Friday , yay !!! See ya'll later ! 
Nerding out ... 
I love how fresh catnip on the cat tree makes my cats go ape crazy ... too much amusement :) 
Hahaha , love the new House commercial !!! 
:( Why does it have to be today . Still so much to do . The weekend seemed too short for me and tomorrow is the start of a much longer week . 
Finished watching Paranormal Activity 2 with < PROPFIRST > . Was a great movie . See the first though before the second , otherwise it won't make complete sense but will still work . Definitely a great movie for a low budget price . 
My sweet < PROPMALE > called me :) He said he loved me and missed me :( Can't wait for the weekend so I get to spend some time with him ! 
I am feeling very opinionated today ... This may be a bad thing for work :P 
May be everyone else's Saturday , but today , its MY Friday ! WHEEEE CRAZY TIME ! 
Kitties look so pathetic after their baths :) But they smell better ! 
Happy Valentines day ! 
So ... sleep is off the menu for me before work ... Wasn't expecting the repair guy to come finish the bathroom till later in the day and only got about 4 hours in :( 
Home from a nice relaxing .... 10 hour shift ... Got in a shower since tomorrow the repair guy comes to finish the bathroom which includes caulking that takes 24 hrs to dry so no access to the shower till then .... Blah , wish I could just go to sleep but now I have to let my hair dry so I don't wake up with what looks like JBF hair ... 
Nothing like waking up to the sound of repairs being\ 
done .... 
My HUMP day is here !!! Whee ! 
YAY !!! Nook update pinch and zoom on the Web !!! 
Now just need to be able to use flah on this Nook without having to root it and I will have perfection , MWAHAHAHA !!!! 
Filling out paperwork , I never have enough time for anything it seems :( 
At St. Joes w/Joe ... COFFEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
Decided to take a break from all the work ... my head is killing me , need a break . I think I deserve a little time to relax and play a game or two . 
