is it time for vegas yet ? 

& hearts ; iphone 
now baby , maybe , she's in need of a kiss 
... 
herding cows the size of schnauzers but they're cattle 
its a good day 
I WANT MY TWO DOLLARS !!!! 
Life can be so fun , I am lucky to have such an incredible support system ( a honeycomb of love if you'll allow ) . If you are reading this , you're amazing and I love you . 
im ready to crawl into bed with my boyfriend , and fall into our nyquil fueled comas . . . 
Last night , in my dreams , my dinosaur teeth fell out , and i couldn't reattach them !?!? Hope everyone is splendid ! 
I have the greatest friends in the world <3 
Im getting ridiculously tired of the hamster wheel , I want a new adventure , I want creativity and excitement , someone help me escape :) 
happy happy joy joy 
why does he have to be mad at me ? i want to cuddle , rawr 
can you feel the love tonight ? 
what a frustrating day so far , hahaha 
Who wants to buy an I phone ? 
there is nothing like mashed potatoes and gravy before bed . . . 
my brain feels deflated 
COACHELLA is this weekend !!!!! 
I'm ready to be off work , help ! 
I like a good < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , Budafucco cuddle fest ! 
oh the tangled webs we weave 
is rejuvenated , what an amazing weekend !!! 
excited , sad , and just a little scared 
Nothing like the smell of earthquake in the evening . . . 
Do crazy people know they are crazy ? Or do they just run around naked wondering what is on everyone else's legs ? 
Saugus California here I come ! 
Quite recently I have lost all the functoning capabilities of my brain . 
Infeel isolated and unloved but I amnprobably just tired 
Boo 
One fifth done with anthropology and geology , go me ! 
Who would like to fix my computer for me ? I will love you forever !!!!! 
Budafucco needs to learn some bath etiquette . 
Wishes the library opened earlier , yawn 
Budafucco ( my dog ) LOVES flamming hot cheetos ! 
Ready for a drink 
Already done with school for the day , thank you god 
Who goes to the library to loudly talk on the phone for over half an hour ?? sooo annoying 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and I will be driving to texas August 16th and coming back on August 21st !! Anyone else in ? 
i love budafucco !!! He is always happy to see me :) 
Muse = happiness 
ok so i think maybe my head may explode . . . . . ... . . . . . . . . 
I definatly just FAILED my anthropology final , there goes my A . Damn , damn , damn DAMN !!!!!! 
Who knows how to change a car battery ? 
Wants a cuddle 
How do I get from thousand oaks to < PROPFEMALE > without a car tonight ? Hmmm 
Life is beautiful ! 
I want to go to Vegas in the middle of august , who is down ? 
I know it is suposed to be flattering or whatever but people insisting I am too young to buy cigerettes is getting really annoying ! 
Life is beautiful and so are we ! 
I WANT to sleep for the next 24 hours BUT instead I will go to work and try to be perky . AHHH !! 
I only have six more classes of summer school and then starting NEXT Thursday , 10 days of SUMMER ( no work , no school ) , amazing , beautiful , I love being alive !!!! 
Hanalei- parts and accecories is beautiful , download it now , thank me some other time . 
I'm stressing trying to figure out how to pay for school , ahh !!!!! 
\What are the purported dangers to the erosion of civilian control over the military ? \ " -the subject of my weekend " 
Sleep is an ellusive bitch tonight , I must say 
How many std's does the average vampire have ?? 
Every once in awhile I want to throw food at all of my tables , roar 
who is bored and would like to proof read my [ horrible ] essay ? no one ? I'll give you a cookie ! 
FREEDOM !!!! 
i miss budafucco ! :( 
Super excited about the week ahead ! 
I want to do a veince bike ride every week , so much better than a gym !!! 
I need friends that live around me !!! 
Dreaming is so pleasant :) 
Whatever is meant to be will be , the future is not ours to see , lalalalala 
Back to reality , and I'm actually rather excited ! 
Inception has made me feel indescribably uncomfortable , , it reminded me of my own dreams/nightmares sort of , it was almost like a film adaptation of my own feeling of < PROPFEMALE > vu , im having a horrible time describing this , obviously . I don't know ... 
Sleep , I love you , please be mine ! 
My phone is lost and dead ! 
Pilates is the work out of the gods . 
Boreddddd , I need scv friends ! 
Let's make everybody see that they are the beginning and ending of everything , and we are stronger than everything they taught us we should fear . 
I'm off work and I want sushi !!! 
MUSE !!! 
Wing stop !!! 
Wine !!!! 
AWAKE and bored !!! 
I now have skype , send me your names ! 
It's a beautiful day ! 
i get to see the beautiful < PROPFIRST > Slater today !!!! :D 
Epic Halloween !!! I love you all , muah ! 
Bar bruises and drunk texting , <3 haha 
IN LOVE with arcade fire !! 
Words with friends ? My name is schmemmm , let's do this ! 
I do not care about < PROPMALE > Potter !!!! 
I cannot find my phone , so leave me a message here if you need me ! I love you all ! 
Not to gloat BUT I got my make up done and got asked for my number three times walking to my car ! Mwa hahaha 
i am so fucking lucky to have all the people i do in my life ! thanks for putting up with me everyone ! 
it feels SO GOOD to be finished with a semester of school !!!! 
Hey so I had to have a huge change of plans for my birthday annnndd we are going to the infamous sunset terracce , so if you want to stop by and say hello that would be fabulous , love you all and thank you for the bday messages 
i am SO excited to sleep 
A working computer would make school indescribably easier , oh and today is gorgeous ! 
one week of leisure left ! 
who wants to go hiking this week ? or bike riding ? or swimming ? or i would be down to just run around like were children , but i need activity partners !! hehehe , activity partners 
there are too many people in this house , if i ever plan on getting my laundry done , I have been trying for three days !! AHH !!! 
Life is goooood 
I hate playing the pessimist BUT sometimes I wonder if I can serve one more asshole , I don't know how I smile at these dicks , I'm soooo ready to be done , rawr . 
Back to school . Back to school , to prove to Dad that I ' m not a fool . I got my lunch packed up , my boots tied tight , I hope I don't get in a fight , back to school . Back to school . 
i feel like it is 2am 
It still hurts like crazy , but I think it is supposed to . 
Hey facebook , is it raining ? I'm unsure ;) 
sleep sounds delicious 
I'm missing < PROPFIRST > like crazy right now , don't know why . 
Yawn 
:( 
MAYBE !! just maybe . . . 
