kinda wishes he could be plowed instead of doin the plowing 

getting ready to upload my professional picture porfolio .... i think ive changed a lot in 4 years ..... 
hopes everybody enjoys the new professional pics i put up :) 
debating ..... stay here in vancouver ... or go a little further inland ...... 
WAY TO GO < PROPFIRST > CROSBY ON THE WINNING GOAL . TAKE THAT USA !!! 
just got an apartment in the states .... going to be movin in the next couple of days and having my stuff shipped down to me 
glad to be living in the USA for awhile ..... but I do admit I miss home 
just got a part in a new fox television show . things are starting to take off for me again 
enjoying los < PROPFEMALE > , met a lot of cool peeps so far . chilling in my apartment wanting my arms around that special someone . i also want to thank all of you on here for being such great friends . i love chatting with you all and i love you all <3 
hopes everybody's day is going good . also , if you want , add me on either or both of my myspace accounts , www.myspace.com/jlbx0690 and www.myspace.com/bilodeauj love you guys :) <3 
looks like the american's are gonna be like us soon , socialized health care ... not that bad ... ive lived with it my whole life 
my tv almost fell off the wall awhile ago .... stupid earthquake 
got the craving in my heart , in my soul , and in my mind , < PROPFEMALE > is a powerful thing 
kinda horny :) and having a great night 
if anyone is in southern california , i'll be doing a Q & A session , autographing , and just chatting at Century City Borders in Los < PROPFEMALE > from 2-4 pm June 19th . The address is 10250 < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Blvd . If anybody wants to come , the earlier you get there , the better , limited spots available 
up early this morning , time to get dressed eat some lunch and get down to Borders 
just got home from the borders event . We met a lot of cool peeps today so thanks to all for coming out 
gonna enjoy a laid back day of absolutely nothing today and it feels good , and my dad's coming down for a few days so thatll be fun too 
going to bed here soon ... ive got a big day tomorrow .... trip down the carpet for the final step before 16 wishes 
so most of you if youve been watching have just seen 16 Wishes and < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , and I would like to know what everyone thought 
hallelujah i have a nice break now ... time to just < PROPFEMALE > and not worry about anything 
this is definitely a weird town but a busy one . I'm loving the work I'm doing here even its only been two days 
i need a break .... bad ... this has been one crazy last couple of weeks 
on a bit of a break now .... been a hard last few weeks .... but should have more time to be on here now :) 
recently applied for college and today got accepted to an online school . i dont like school and have a hard time with it with my job , so online schooling seems to be the best bet 
birthday is thursday .... I'm gonna be 20 .... feels weird 
sorry everyone for not being on more often . i'm gonna try to get on more often starting now . i am currently in the process of reading all your messages and replying back to them . hope everything is going well for everybody :) 
