.... NEED COFFEE .... 

Looking forward to all the family time over the next few days .... not looking forward to all the driving ... praying for good , safe weather 
Just came in from playing in the snow with < PROPFIRST > and Preston .... for the second day in a row !! My boys sure do love that cold , wet stuff !! 
Trying to drown away the wintery weather with hot coffee , loud mucic and cooking ! 
Spending time with the hubby and our little man .... enjoying the warmth and ELECTRICITY !!! :) 
Will it ever stop being so yucky outside ?? .... sniff , sniff : ( ...... making hot chocolate and baked potato soup ..... hoping it will drown out some of this nasty weather ! 
< PROPMALE > and I are loving this sunshine ! Too bad < PROPFIRST > is at work and can't enjoy it with us :( 
Dinner served ... kitchen cleaned ! Now it's time to relax with the hubby and little man ! 
Farmville friends ...... I still need everything but harnesses for my stable .... ty 
Farmville friends .... still need all materials except harnesses for my stables ! tysvm 
Nothing like a coffee overload to get you ready for some algebra ! 
Thinking we are going to make an offer on a house tomorrow !!! I sure hope so . House hunting is soooooo exhausting ! 
My poor little guy has had a cold for almost a week . I was sure hoping it would stop there , but now he has mommy and daddy's cough and fever :( Dr appt tomorrow ... praying he doesn't get any worse . 
So excited !! No headache today :) Now I can start packing for Granny's and the big move !! Sooo much to do !! 
Closing on our house tomorrow :) Really really need to be packing :( 
Thank you again to everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
Just finished cleaning up after cooking dinner . Now I'm watching < PROPMALE > and his daddy water our front yard .... what a beautiful sight . I am so thankful for God blessing me with not only a perfect little boy , but a perfect husband and daddy to go along with him . Always always thanking God for His blessings and praying for those who choose not to accept His gifts . 
Exhausted ! 
Boys fed , bathed , lotioned and in jammies ........... come on 9 o'clock!!! : ) 
I'm feeling like crap this morning . Sore throat , fever , headache and didn't sleep a wink last night . What a wonderful start to the week : ( 
Another dag of cleaning and learning how to extreme coupon .... I'm determined to be one of those ladies that makes money grocery shopping !!!! 
all my little ones tucked in tight for the night ... and I finally got a bath ! : ) Thank you Lord for the opportunity to have such a wonderful day . Through all the snot , tears and fits all I see is beauty and perfection . Thankful for all my babies ... big and small . 
< PROPMALE > has been at his < PROPFEMALE>'s since sunday . I miss him so so much ! SOOO glad I am picking him up today !! Can't wait to see his little smile .... that is of course after he stops crying because I'm making him come home : ( 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > sleeping like little babies : ) House clean and laundry finished .... time for this momma to go to bed !! 
Have had a wonderful day with P and Chloe .... now if my hubby would just get home from work my day would be perfect !! 
JUST A LITTLE SOMETHING I'D LIKE TO SHARE ...... The sure way to be cheated is to think one's self more cunning than others ... François de La Rochefoucauld 
I am not bound to win , but I am bound to be true . I am not bound to succeed but I am bound to live the best life that I have . I must stand with anybody that stands right and part from him when he goes wrong . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
I'm up early making breakfast for P . He has a dentist appt today at 330 for a filling and can't eat or drink anything after 930 this morning : ( 
Had a wonderful day with P and the girls . Amazing how easy it is to take care of 3 kids when they are all so well behaved ! Hardly feels like a job : ) Ready to get to the casa and cook up some chicken cheese spaghetti !!! yummy yummy 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for stubbley legs ( < PROPMALE > calls them sharp things ) , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing !! I LOVE MY BABY !!!! With Mother's day drawing near let's see how many moms repost this . We moms don't care what we gave up and ...... will continue to give up willingly for our kids . ? 
Whatever u give a woman , she will make it greater . Give her sperm , she will give u a baby . Give her a house , she will give u a home . Give her groceries , she will give u a meal . Give her a smile n she will give u her heart . She multiplies and enlarges what she is given . So if u give her crap , be ready to receive a ton of shit ..... Real women keep this going ** 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl , 3 yrs old picked up by man driving grey car , license plate : Quebec 72B 381 . Put this as your status . It could save her . This kidnapping is recent so do it , 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were your child .... what would you want people to do ? It doesn't matter how far away you live . Please repost ! 
I traded eyeliner for dark circles , salon hair cuts for ponytails , long showers for stubbley legs ( < PROPMALE > calls them sharp things ) , late nights for early mornings , designer purses for diaper bags and I wouldn't change a thing !! I LOVE MY BABY !!!! With Mother's day drawing near let's see how many moms repost this . We m ... oms don't care what we gave up and ...... will continue to give up willingly for our kids . ? 
Praying for my little Chloe .... she fell and is having to have a CT scan . Prayers much appreciated . 
All I have to say is ... some people ! OMG ! How on earth do some people live with themselves ? Oh wait .... I got it ...... SELF CENTERED BRATS ! ..... just sayin ' 
Birds of a feather flock together , and so do pig and swine ; rats and mice have their choice , and so will I have mine . ... who says nursery rhymes are just for kids ?? 
Dear Swiffer ... Thank you for transfering all the dirt from my kitchen tiles to the grout . I have really enjoyed being on my hands and knees the last hour removing it . :/ 
My poor little angel has a horrible stomach bug . We are going on 13 hours of continuously being sick and are both just totally exhausted . 
My poor little guy ..... stomach bug the last couple days ... now 101.5 fever ! It makes me feel so helpless and makes me want my hubby home that much more :( 
So I decided to mow the yard for my wonderful husband while he was off at training . Two hours , two blisters , one sunburn and one mulched frog later I am realizing that mowing the yard for your husband is definately not like him tossing in a load of towels for you ! 
Evading sleep once again .... Up at 445 to P throwing up all in my bed . I sure wish my little guy would get better . I'm half past exhausted , so I know he is really feeling it . Prayers much appreciated . 
The cough syrup the doc prescribed me says may cause drowsiness ..... I've been waiting almost 2 hours for this \unfortunate\ " side effect to hit me ! " 
I can not believe this !! I'm sick as a dog and just want some sleep ! Unfortunately ... my steriod pills and inhaler are not only making my cough syrup not work very well , but they are also giving me horrible heart burn and insomnia !!!! Just fantastic !!! I JUST WANT SOME SLEEP !!! 
Wishing I could get some sleep so I can get all rested up to disinfect the house in the morning before P comes home !! I sure do miss that little guy ! And a HUGE thanks to all the fam for keeping him away from his conagious mommy !! Thanks again guys ! 
WOOOHOOO !!!! I got my acceptance letter for the nursing program today !!! So excited and ready to get this ball rolling ! 
I had my interview with DRH today for sponsorship ..... I got a $ 12,000 scholarship ... to be repayed by employment after I graduate ! WWOOOHOOOO free money and no job hunting ..... I'll take it !!!! :) 
uhhgg ... headache 
An oil field hand is missing his family while providing a service that keeps you on the road and with many comforts of the modern age . In the minute it takes you to read this , oil field workers are working hard while sweating out a living for their families . It's \Oil Field Workers'Appreciation Week . \ " [ Repost if you ar ... e an oil field worker or appreciate a oil field worker " 
< PROPMALE > off to vacation bible school for the morning with cousin Kenley . I'm taking advantage of the calm and cleaning the house ! 
Tons to do today .... so glad P is in a wonderful mood and eager to run errands and go shopping ! 
uhhhgg .... horrible migraine : ( 
< PROPMALE > at VBS for the morning while I try to get the house all cleaned up and pack us a bag .... going to see Granny today with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Kenley ! ..... wow , gonna be a fun ride .... P , < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and Aunt < PROPMALE > trapped in the same small place at the same time ! Lord please help us all ! : ) 
< PROPFIRST > Lohan who ? I cant believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something yr old . Here are a few 20 yr-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPMALE > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPMALE > hew < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support the Military 
Making coffee so I can gain some energy to clean the house ! 
Never to be forgotten , always to be loved and memories always to be cherished . DIB ! 
The start of school for me and < PROPMALE > is getting close ! Am I ready ? Can I do this at my age ? Am I ready to let P grow up ? Wow !! So many questions and fears .... I'm definately going to have to spend some extra time talking to the Man upstairs ! I know He has this all under control . I just need to let go and let it all happen ! 
Next week is P's last week at home with mommy ! : ' ( 
Just ordered the Zumba collection !!! Thanks , hubby ... you're the best ; ) 
P has tonsillitis ! Really ? How ?!!?? UUhhgg ... 
I had a snake in my bathroom ! Ok , so maybe it was a 5 inch garden snake ... but still , a snake in your bathroom is a snake in your bathroom , and everyone has a right to freak out over a snake in their bathroom ! 
Sitting at home alone ( P is asleep ) finding it hard to love my husbands job as much as he does . 
At P's request I made \Chocolate Gooey Butter Cookies\ " today . I must say they were to die for ! If you like home made and easy chocolate desserts look this one up ! It's a < PROPFEMALE > Deen recipe . " 
Dropped P off at school this morning and he cried .... uuhhggg ..... : ( 
P has been at school for one whole hour and I already want to go get him ! I hate leaving him there ... he cried again today : ( 
My Zumba came in today .... I did the 60 < PROPFEMALE > instuctional video to learn how to do all the \moves\ " . I can't believe ppl actually do that in front of others !! I felt like a fat uncordinated retard ! It was embarrassing ... and I am here by myself . So I had a couple cookies after I finished to make me feel better !!! LMBO : ) " 
< PROPMALE > did good today at school . His daddy dropped him off and reported no crying ! Mommy , on the other hand , went to her first day of school with fever , sore throat and ear ache . Blahh .... it has made for the longest day : ( 
First week of school was so fast paced I could have cried the whole time . I'm already having trouble balancing school and family . Thank God I don't have to work outside of the house . I am so blessed that I have such a wonderful and supportive husband . Thank you Lord for such a treasured gift . 
Studying pharmacology and researching colonoscopies ... Happy saturday night !!! : ) 
< PROPMALE > finally got a spot in Grandview preschool , so I got to pull him out of daycare and send him to actual school ! Praise the Lord ! BUT ..... I missed it ! < PROPFIRST > had to take him and do the whole orientation thing with him without me ! And all so I could go to school and give a colonoscopy presentation and bed baths at the VA !! : ) The sacrafices are already taking their toll !!! ** I get to take him in the morning ** 
Taking my first nursing test today .... I need everyones prayers ! thx : ) 
Finished my second week of school up by getting a kidney infection ! I'm down and out like four flat tires and have tons of reading I could be doing : ( Exhausted !!! 
Decided to go to Urgent Med today since my self medicating wasn't helping me much . Come to find out , my self diagnosis wasn't all that accurate . I not only have a kidney infection , but a couple kidney stones and strep throat as well ! And just incase that wasn't bad enough , < PROPMALE>'s fever is due to strep as well !! I guess this is my welcome back to school present ! Prayers much needed and greatly appreciated . 
hating my gallbladder !! I don't have time for this right now !!!! : / 
Re-addicted after only one episode ... love my SOA ; ) 
Anyone have a US Cellular phone I can buy ? Mine pooped out , no ins and don't want to upgrade because it means I have to extend the contract I'm trying to let run out ! If you do just message me ... thx 
Talking to the IRS is physically painful .... I'm gonna need some Tylenol 
Nursing school .... oh how I love you .... NOT ! Thankful for the opportunity , but currently not a fan : ( 
Dear Lord , I'm having one of those days . It seems like everything is crumbling all around me and I find myself overwhelmed with negativity . Please help me to find calm in the middle of these storms so that I may keep a peaceful household and be able to provide comfort in Your name to those around me that desperately need it . Amen 
I like it on the kitchen counter , dinning room table , my desk , in the car .... pretty much all over the place ! 
Come on fall break ... 
Happy habby 4th birthday to my handsome little man ! 
On our way to Welch , OK ..... hate the drive , love the destination ! 
First day of clinicals down !!!! If I could only take a nap before I start on this billion < PROPFEMALE > careplan . 
hhmmmm .... work on careplan and study or make some homemade oatmeal pepermint cookies ??!?? uuhhggg .... I hate school 
..... exhausted ..... 
Counting down the days until Thanksgiving break . I just want a little down time to appreciate all the things I'm thankful for . On another note ... thank you Lord for giving me the opportunity to be so busy as a wife , mom and student : ) 
It's saturday night , and < PROPMALE > is staying the night with his < PROPFEMALE > and Papa ...... so what am I doing ? Trying to finish up a careplan , study for a test on monday and tune out the massive amounts of football on the TV ( thanks hubs ) ...... I just LOVE being a student ! : ( 
So much to do .... so little time .... 
< PROPMALE>'s school lunch in an hour and then a full weekends begins ....!! 
So Thanksgiving break started today ...... why don't I feel any relief ? 
I think I can , I think I can , I think I can ....... 
Already been to K Mart , Wal Mart , Toys R Us , and did a drive by on Old Navy ..... guess no sleep for us tonight . Shopping till we drop !! : P 
Off to bed ... last clinical for the semester tomorrow morning !! I can't believe this semester is almost over !! Praise God for getting me and my family through it !! 
Just like to say thanks to nursing school for this huge fever blister I'm getting on my lip ! Starting to stress way too much ..... need a break ! 
After assessing my laundry I feel that burning it is my best option . 
Had to pick P up from school today with a tummy bug . Took him to the dr and he got some IV fluids to tank him up for the weekend .... prayers for a speedy recovery . 
Change\ 
your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not\ 
see a human face on Facebook until Monday , Dec . 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse ! Copy & paste to your status to invite your \ 
friends to do the same . 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF \ 
AMERICA .. Please remember only two defining forces have ever offered to \ 
die for you ... JESUS CHRIST and the AMERICAN SOLDIER . One died for your \ 
SOUL , the other for your FREEDOM . If you agree ... copy and paste in your \ 
status ... GOD BLESS 
NURSING BUDDIES .... CHECK MOODLE !! Hessi Test tomorrow 
Sooo sick of studying !! I think I hear a steaming hot bubble bath calling my name ... or is that the laundry ? ; ) 
I'm sitting here watching P do CPR on his daddy !! So adorable ... he is so smart !! 
While getting ready for < PROPFIRST>' < PROPFIRST > tmas party I realized my hair is brownish , redish , organgish , longer than I last remember and I think I've put on about 15 lbs . When did all of this happen ?? I'd just like to say thank you nursing school and God bless my hubby for not caring !! 
Bring on the bubble bath and a glass of wine !!! aahhhh ..... 
Who has the best husband EVER ??!!?? I DO ! I DO ! 
Spending my break with the flu .... praying I'm feeling better by Christmas . 
My vacay is officially over for a while .... intersession starts at midnight ! 
< PROPMALE > has a date with his < PROPFEMALE > at 4 and he insisted on changing clothes , brushing his teeth and using Daddy's cologne .... my my , what a big boy he has become ! I'm already not ready !! 
I have two female cats that need a new home . They are 1.5 yr old sisters . Both declawed ( front only ) , spayed and litter box trained . I have too many animals in the house and too much responsiblility with school . If anyone is interested please let me know . 
Firefighters , EMT's , Paramedics , & Law Enforcement Officers of all kinds work the streets day & night to keep people safe . They are missing their family to care for yours . In 2010 , there were 85 firefighters , 39 EMS and 160 police officers killed in the line of duty . Re-post this if you are a firefighter , EMT , Paramedic , or Law Enforcement Officer , love one , or appreciate one , or just take a moment to thank them ! ?? 
Went to bed last night with an itchy throat and dry cough . Woke up hoarse , sore throat , stopped up , coughing and aching all over ...... here we go AGAIN :( 
Heavenly Father , as we embark upon this new year , walk through my home , take away all my worries & any illnesses ; please watch & protect my family . This prayer is so powerful , stop what you're doing & set this to your status . Watch what He'll do !! Believe and have faith 
Day 7 and still seriously ill .... and now P is starting to show the signs . Praying this all ends soon . 
Waiting on < PROPMALE>'s fever to break so I can go to bed . Bless his heart , he's taken enough Tylenol/Motrin this week to rid a full grown elephant of fever : ( 
School tomorrow . I'm actually kinda excited about it this semester . Bring on the pregnant women and peds !! : ) 
If anyone knows any pregnant women in the < PROPMALE > area please let me know . Needs to be about 30 wks or so . I'm doing a case study for nursing school and need a volunteer !! : ) 
Clinical Schedules up .... holy bageez !! 
My poor little < PROPMALE > is couch bound with the stomach bug .... can't even hold down water . Praying this one doesn't land him in the hospital like the last . 
Someone needs to destroy my DVR !! It's killing my study time ! Curse you American Idol , House , V and anything on Food Network !! 
WOSC closed tuesday ... dang the weather ! 
P is out of school again tomorrow ( yay for him ) , but I have to go !! Here's hoping I don't put my new car in a ditch !! : / 
Wish I would have read ahead during our snow break . Now its superbowl Sunday and I have tons of reading to do . Oh well , it has to be done . 
Not sure how it happened , but I got caught up and reviewed a couple chapters . Ahh , feels good to be prepared for class after this long break . 
It's only monday and I'm already completely exhausted ... gonna be a long week . 
