Exploring the possibilities of interstellar travel .... 

Enjoying the rain , too bad I work today .. 
Work kicks my ass ... 
Rain over the snow , nasty ... Doesn't quite compare to big bear though .. 
I am trying to quite smoking .... I think I should lock up all the firearms . ;) 
Enya is very relaxing 
Hope I can save my friends and her daughter's life ... 
I want 3rd edition Chaos space marines back ... 
MMM Painting Bloodcrushers is always fun .. 
Sad how you become a domestic terrorist just for hanging a flag ... Don't fucking Tread on me !!!! 
Gun control ... Guns don't kill people , people kill people . They say law enforcement is there to keep us safe , we don't need our guns . Yet , how many times have the police been on sight of a shooting , rape , or a home invasion ? I will not give up my right of owning a gun freely , neither should any of you . Without our firearms , we are destroying history and our safety . 
Share information , stand up for your rights . If you don't do either , you don't deserve them . Help us save < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Walking to work today , at least it will only be in the 30's . I'm so excited for tomorrow , I get to shot an AK-47 for the first time =) 
Snow today , then rain tomorrow ... I hate this crap .. 
Falling behind in rent sucks .. It's near impossible to get back on your feet . =| 
I think I'm getting a cold =| 
Working while sick , makes everything worse . I think ill take tomorrow off to rest . 
The Horus Heresy .... Great fuckin series . 
Hmm .. The possibilities of nuclear fallout ... 
Wished it would rain harder ... With thunder ... 
My dogs are morons ... 
Why ? Whenever you need to print a resume ... Everything fails ?? Fuck you windows .. 
I need bleach ... 
< PROPFEMALE > is Ignorant .. Wake up !!! Assholes .. 
People need to learn how to seed .. Torrents are taking way to long .. GRRRR 
Raining again ... Yet , where's my damn thunder ???? 
\Never let a good crisis go to waste\ " ... You sick fucks ... We are not your slaves !!!!! " 
MMM MOX Plutonium ...... >_< 
The < PROPFEMALE > project , not sure how i feel about it . I feel with people's typical mentality it would not work to well . Although , it would be nice . 
I hope < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > runs again . I honestly think he's our main hope in ending the federal reserve . Either then him , we should all get together and raise JFK from the dead . JFK was our last true president before the vermin bankers took control . 
( 1/2 ) One of the worst things in the world is when your old man falls asleep before you . Trying to fall asleep to snoring , is by far one of the most unpleasent 
( 2/2 ) ordeals ... 
Woot ! I finally work tonight . 
If its going to rain , it needs to pour ... I am sicks of the drizzle !!! 
Off to work in a bit woohoo if only i could keep playing oblivion at work ... Hmm sounds good to me 
I am dissapointed so far with dragon age II . The new elder scrolls needs to hurry up , likewise with the mythical diablo ... 
Holy shit ! Its beautiful out today 
MMM < PROPMALE > paying , and cleaning ... What a wonderfull day ... 
Hope we get thunderstorms soon . 
Dont get pierced when your drunk ... My coat is now red ... 
Dragon age II ... A bitter dissapointment . 
Wearing my awesome chihuhua shoes today lol 
Just planted raddishes the other day , now there is snow in the forcast .. 
Still waiting for the sun to come out ... 
7 Deadly Zins ... Best damn wine ever !!! 
Sunshine in the morning , then snow in the afternoon ... WHAT THE FUCK !!! 
Sick of random people i dont know trying to \friend\ " me . Mmm BBQ and dart throwin night though . " 
Time to start work ... I feel like shit , think I have food poisoning or something . 
What the hell , nice weather for the days I work , then a snow/rain forcast after wednesday when Im off ... 
Woohoo After today , four days off ... 
Well shit ... This blows .. Nevermind going to work , our car is dead .. 
OoO possible thunderstorms today < :) > 
Finally a day off work ... Where's my damn sunshine !?!? 
Portal 2 kicks ass 
MMM Cadbury chocolate ... 
Damnit ... Just fried my hair again ..... 
The clouds look bitchin right now 
Happy Mother's day !!!! 
( 1/2 ) A solid day of mercyful fate and cleaning lol woooo . If only music today could even be close to compare to the music back then .. Shits its just like 
( 2/2 ) modern < PROPMALE > now days , people get paids millions for something a 2 year old spilled paint on . 
Belly dancing and doing dishes ... I think im gonna die ... Fucking love turkish music 
If you dont like Tank Girl ... Fuck off !! 
I want a portal gun ... 
Fuck life when your dog wakes you up at 445am ... 
SUNSHINE !!!!!! 
http://www.prisonplanet.com/barack-obama-is-wrong-18-facts-which-prove-that-illegal-immigration-is-an-absolute-nightmare-for-the-u-s-economy.html 
I hope if it rains , there will at least be thunder and lightning .. 
Wow ! WebMD has a really cool wieght tracker thingy that helps chart what your're eating , how much exercise your doing and how many calories you're burning . This chart helps you get on track with your weight loss and lets you know ( per your personal settings , goals , and what not ) how many calories to eat per day and how many you will loose . 
Wtf , there is a duck walking around with a dart in its neck .. 
Waiting for the rain , I love spring thunderstorms !!! Too bad I work the next three days , no dancing in the rain for me lol 
Sunshine in the forecast , yet I work the next five days ... At least I don't start till ' 4:30 . 
Dont EVER drink malt vinegar ... 
Woot , got my Death Knight deck built ! Muwahaha 
Crazy ass christians ..... 
Gonna try to quite smoking .... People are lucky there's no more guns in the house .. 
MMMM Pilgrims has the best deli ! 
Off to the shop 
I hate re-learning the lesson on not to eat at the flaming wok .... 
Bored ... Alone and impatient .. 
Dirty laundry Rocks .. and fuck off if you think im talking about clothes . 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > < :) > 
Sometimes it would be nice to be an ostrich , and go through my day with my head in a hole . 
MMMM Alaskan bouble black IPA ... 
Lol double black 
