omg omg < PROPFEMALE > many ppl to add lol 

Coolin on the scene like a horse in a stable A brother got ill and tried to snatch a fat cable I stepped back , like it wasn't no thing I Punched him in the jaw with the fat gold ring I had an ace in the hole when it came to that-by EPMD/ cover by Rage aga 
rage against the machine is an awesome band lol 
Im going to kick this regents in the knees tomorrow lol ( its going to be easy ) 
just got home from < PROPFEMALE>'s it was freaking amazing lol I'm in a very good mood and 1 test left wouhooo !!! 
Woke about an hour ago , only one in my house ........ its weird 
O yea 1 more test in a couple hours can't wait lol 
no more test just summer woot 
Hanging out with people , adventuring through town tonight should be pretty amazing .... i hope 
Is doing nothing at all today , maybe another adventure through town at night 
is going running phone has a flashing screen so i'm guessing its broken :( after that adevnture through town hoping i find someone to bump into lol 
Rain sucks , bored as hell :-( 
phone is still broke :/ 
I WAS going to go running but not that going to happen , still need to fix my phone or just get a new one and then party in the after noon :-) 
Our lives are so different each one balances on the line in between right and wrong , unfortunately most of us are the wrong side no matter what happens-Ben P . 
Making the moist of my day lol 
Going to see transformers and umm ya today is a sad day 
is Hungry lol 
my computer is flipping out > < 
dont do the obamamize thingy it messes up your computer cause thats what it did to mine 
isn't hungry anymore lol 
is being himselfs 
I need a ride to the Sullivan's ' party lol 
happy 4th of July everyone 
passed everything even Spanish , yay 
hangng out with < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > its pretty retarded lol 
is not going running lol 
swimming in the morning can't wait lol 
is training it for bigger and better things 
is glad he didn't die during the lake swim :-) 
Facebook is being gayy and cross country is boring 
Hanging with my girlfriend , don't txt until 3 lol 
Going to work on his imaginary abs lol 
Dont have practice this morning but couldnt sleep in ... whats wrong with me !? lol 
Today was good tomorrow should be to Wednesday is closer then we think lol 
Horrible day , just want to be with < PROPFEMALE > :( 
Like a boss 
School ...... sucks dont want to go 
Got a black and white lava lamp from his girlfriend , it's freaking amazing ! 
is 16 ! woohoo ! lol 
Isan't feeling sick woohoo ! lol 
Hw , music , Got 410$ today from family bday party woohoo ! 
Just did a p90x workout , it's insane ! 
Got his geometry progect done , did yoga for the first time today it's insane , on to the next activity lol 
I'm on a mission from god . 
I danced with a spoon in a hole because thats how i roll . 
So tired , text me or whatever , might be going to south dansville later on . 
Homework and studying for learners permit all day 
Tired , county meet for x-c friday , soccer game tomarrow , lets eat eagle meat ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Resturante Massacre is an amasing song . 
Extra hour of sleep , yes ! 
gots his permit :) 
Swimming monday , good bye life 
Hw , studying spanish , biking possibly at like 10 lol 
gone , just like mostly everyone eles lol 
Got D . Q'ed in the 200 i.m. cause idk what to do and a crappy time in 100 breast but poneroso what deffinetly worth 10$ after it lol 
I'm not funny . What I am is brave . - < PROPFEMALE > Ball 
Qualified for sectionals in the 200im with a 2:39 :D 
no practice good big lunch good movie with girlfriend great and to top it off the superbowl a very good sunday :) 
No more swimming ! 
Made a snowman with < PROPFEMALE > and had a miniature snowball fight . Pretty good day :) 
Homework .... all day 
is going to fail the spanish regents for sure 
Btw people who have my phone number make sure it's 585.519 9353 and not 991 or w.e. the old number was thank you 
Finally , a good day 
Yay got into drivers < PROPMALE > . 
RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 1968-2010 
English progect ..... sucks 
I can speak french ..... in russian 
somthing hacked my account wtf 
Going to see the new twilight movie with jessica ..... it better be good 
Drivers < PROPMALE > today swimming tomarrrow . Just great 
You will never be happy if \ 
you continue to search for what happiness consists\ 
of . You will never live if you are \ 
looking for the meaning of life . \ 
-- < PROPFIRST > Camus 
A lot of people are going to Europe ..... i wanna goooooo 
Had my first pop-tart EVER today , go me . 
Hill climb was funn :D 
\Oliver Wright didn't have a pilots license \"" 
YARD SALE !!! FRIDAY 8-4 Concrete leaves , handmade jewelry(good for gifts ) , TOOLS !!!! \ 
Basic yard sale stuff !! Come on over ! 43 Seward ST Dville ! 
There should be a no homework on the first 3 day policy , like seriously 
I got a medal for runnin 3 < PROPMALE > , woohoo ! lol 
To anyone who is in human bio , What do i write about for the cell mates paper ? 
Made 75$ this weekend , go meee . 
Woohoo guys cc won ..... again lol 
What times the dance ? 
Got a drivers license ! 
Get to miss class all day tomorrow to fish ! Woohoo ! 
STUDY .... Study ... study ..... sleep 
Wheres all the blue food ? 
Everyone who has my number please send me a text message because i got a knew phone and lost my contacts and don't forget to include who your are . 
Last Saturday practice is finally over :) 
\Education is the key the future\ 
\I'd rather forget and be happy than be sad and wise \"" 
