Im destined to always be a failure in every aspect of my life its just a given at this point . 

My dog is a total ree ree she figures rat poison a treat . Needless to say i freaked luckly i work at a vet hospital . 
I pissed my cat off and was woken the following morning by her licking my fingers while staring me down .... i think she was sending a message . 
This god forsaken town is full of egotistical bastards . If only i could feel overwhelmingly cocky . 
I am officially a home owner .... hurrah ! 
For the love of all things holy im so stressed !! I would sniff crack off a fat mans hairy ass just to make it go away !! 
For the record of everyones curiousity i am no longer in the business of being stressed out to the point of doing drugs off random asses . 
Ive had an epitome of my gender : Women are feral creatures who when angered should be respected with the concept of their danger level in mind ... and given a very wide berth 
I wanted to thank everybody for wishing me a Happy B . Day i love you all !!! 
I hate my mattress ............ i hope it dies . 
Why is it that even with all the advancements in medical and pharmacuetical practice should a person fall ill they shall be shunned for fear of the dawning of a new age plague ..... dude i just have a cold . 
Hell yeah football season is here ........ annnnnddd i dont give a shit 
Lifes a mechinical bull ride everyone steps up to have a ride ...... and pulls away . 
You say your mind is a terrible thing to waste , what good is mine if im locked up in a cage , i was hoping you could help me out of here , so i could finally disappear . -My American Heart- 
Hi my name is Stephanie ............ and im a Nookoholic 
Baaaaaddddd Ju Ju man .... some serious vibes are streaming off of me .... stand back or take pity on a pour womens soul . 
My Chemical Romance ........ what the fuck happened to you ? Im so ....... disappointed . 
This ache in my chest seems to pull me inside out tender to the touch\ 
The world passes in flickering black and white compared to the technicolor images i house of you\ 
The minutes linger and time stands still as my eyes glaze and i stare transfixed at our memories though so few\ 
Fruitfull my thoughts might seem but barren my heart must be\ 
Heal this broken organ of mine mend cracks caused by pain and time 
Ladys and Gentleman i introduce to you my newley released \Happy Song\ " :\ 
So i found out yesterday that what i thought was my cat trying her hardest to spit up a hairball is actually asthma .... fucking ASTHMA people now she has to be on steroids for life .... this shit sucks . 
Help im alive my heart keeps beating like a hammer . \ 
Hard to be soft tough to be tender\ 
Come take my pulse the pace is on a runaway train . 
To all the numerous ill people fyi 4 things : nasty ass airborne , cough drops , drink some hot green tea , then take a multi vitamin as well as vitamin c daily 
Im vulgar when I speak , I have no shame , and I house no definitive beliefs , but ill make u giggle everytime and I tend to not enjoy straying from who I am so if my behavior does not appeal to you be forwarned ..... fuckoff 
When I was little i feared vampires so at night I would pull the covers to my ears to better protect my lifes blood .... now as an adult the habit has stuck 
I hate preparing for road trips .. especially a lone < PROPFEMALE > one like im about to hit up . ALL I WANTED WAS ONE MORE FRIKIN DAY OFF !! so i could avoid a situation overload like this ..... and did i get it nnnnooooooo and ill tell you why ladies and gentlemen cuz im a fuckin badass at my job . 
Sucks ballz to get sick and go the doc on ur vacation 
I have leached myself to < PROPFIRST > since ive been home happily repeating in a volumous non-monotone voice \I missed you did you miss me ? \ " and have yet to hear a worthy reply from awesomley stoic significant other . " 
Im telling you Fable III requires you to make some really economical choices . Lol my husband walked in on me playin and he's like \You look stressed\ " I was like \ " I just want to do the right thing !!! \"" 
So I've been under alot of stress lately ( not from Fable III people im not that much of a gamer loser ) that I now sport some type of skin rash behind my right ear ..... really ? Raise ur hand if u ever got a rash THERE ... no takers ok im so extraordinary . 
Come on metaphorical dice of life give me a seven ..... DAMNIT snake eyes . 
Its gonna snow so I brought my lab < PROPMALE > indoors cuz I love the little dipshit and daddys a buttmunch and keeps her out but enough on that .. so im sittin here readin and she's so happy chewin on a rawhide she's cryin ... that's what i call sad people 
The flesh of my face has suffered poorly these past few days due to a product named proactive my pores scream in agony and my surface looks rather reptilish so I call and loe I have sensitive skin I tell them my ails and I find im abnormal yet again 
* blah * im so tired my eyelids have lids of there own to shut ... * sigh * this week is sooo gonna blow 
The ecstasy of sleeping till noon to wake knowin you really dont have to do shit if you dont want to 
Snows comin again this way ... funny how everyone seems to think its the Apocalyp any time some minor weather warnin flashes and everyone swears \Ow im not gettin out in THAT\ " . And then you see the assholes on the street when the weather hits drivin like satan himself is after there ass ..... an that ladies and gents is why you see those 17 eighteen wheeler pillups on the interstate . " 
Ok people to my suprise there were no \Bat out of Hell\ " drivers on the road ..... but that doesnt mean i didnt see plenty of dumbasses . " 
Me and < PROPFIRST > are so non-conventional its crazy while most couples strive to please on < PROPFIRST>'s Day me and my significant other agree to not make a big deal out of it and blow money on gifts that are probably not needed ( I mean you have birthdays , anniversaries , Christmas , and other bullshit holidays to blow money . ) Instead maybe spending a quality span of time just doin something you both agree on is enough . 
That I , I , I , I'm so hard\ 
Yeah , Yeah , Yeah , I'm so hard\ 
So hard , So hard , So hard 
When i play , i play for keeps 
Now dont get me wrong having a home of your own is a great < PROPMALE > for expression ..... but its goin on almost a year now being a home owner and to me it still looks like we just moved in . The slow arduous tasks ive been bombarded with are takin there toll and theres a million more in my stock pill ...... Fyi painting furniture previously colored sucks ballz . 
I lick the gun when im done cuz revenge it tastes so sweet 
I just ate so much sushimi im shocked I haven't sprouted gills . 
Why ? Why do people wait till we close to decide to come in ....... espcially on a Sat . when i have plans and its actually nice outside ...... and get this they know we close they just dont care . 
Dude ..... im so gone the music is playin and it sucks but anything at this point sounds good 
Ow my freakin A can Saturday afternoon get here NOW so i can just chill for like 5 mins without something needing my attention . 
You either got it or you dont ...... and i dont 
Its gonna be one of those weeks isn't it ? 
Inside im screaming so loudly my body quakes and I fear my ear drums will brake , I whisper for longing , normality , and peace of mind but you wont hear me 
I seriously almost started crying in front of the tax dude I was so grateful with the news we got ...... lame huh bet he doesn't see that alot 
All i do is work ..... i need to start chillaxing a little or ill spontaneously combust . 
I smell like walking cigarette and my blisters have blisters what a fuckin great way to spend ur weekend 
I love the plethora of reactions I get when all the people from this hole in wall town see the tattoo on my hand ..... especially the elderly I think I've been scolded by enough senior gentlemen to last for the year 
Im rather pleased with myself at the moment I just helped with the c-section of a dog and didn't vomit on the newborns while resusciating them 
I don't sneeze , my nose hasn't decided to rebel but yet i have just ONE eye that wont stop protesting against this damn pollen ........ even < PROPFEMALE > is having a hard time with allergies her ashma attacks have ramped up and i have to increase her medication becuz of it ...... DAMN YOU MOTHER NATURE !!!!!!! 
Im strong on the surface but not all the way through I've never been perfect but neither have you 
