is goin to mexico with his bible study group . pray for us ! 

Im becoming a cougar ... rawr 
someones sleep talking in the library ... pretty funny 
the wall between 107 and 108 is actually a drum ! 
victory is sweet 
may you find greater bluer waters , < PROPMALE > Jr. 
APU dont cry i know ur trying ur hardest , and the hardest part is letting go of the nights we shared . ... cause I can live without you but , without you ill be miserable at best =( a good song that said what i was feeling so i had to sing it . thanks mayday parade 
Wow one roommate is married already ... i need to step up my game . any takers out there ? requirement : must be female 
hmm up all night night .. now slept until evening . i feel all discombobulated and dont know what to do with myself . i guess facebook is the answer 
hmm up all night .. now slept until evening . i feel all discombobulated and dont know what to do with myself . i guess facebook is the answer 
i was in a hardcore m < PROPMALE > ial < PROPMALE > battle with a alien/dragon/boar last night . yeah thats right get off my starship ! 
will be home for christmas . 
has an axe and a hatchet under his bed . And I also petted a wolf/malamute mix today 
christmas # 1 down . 2 more to go . i like my cousiins 
wishing everyone a year marked by purpose and discipline 
hey APU , im gonna come visit tonight and tomorrow . 
has run away to APU 
college life- homework = win 
first day of snowboarding results : experienced a blizzard at top of a mountain learned how to go down the mountain while facing just one direction on a snowboard abused my muscles so that i get cramps when i try to move any of them success 
is thinking of buying a < PROPMALE > Shepherd . 
just got kangaroo ear implants . 
feels like comin out of the bushes . 
uh imagine blond hair i guess ? 
so long sweet winter . its the last weekend before school starts again 
im sure glad i have interesting dreams 
im going to my great aunt's funeral tomorrow , but i dont think i ever met her ... feels kinda weird 
Lord of the Rings marathon all day tomorrow ! 
last night i dreamed i was a tiger climbing a < PROPMALE > . when i got to the top , I saw the edge of the universe . there was a huge sparkly hurricane thing on its edge so that i could see into its eye . 
I found this body fat analyzer thing at the gym today and I got error #4 = too low to measure . so its proven by science im skinny haha 
shot about 6 different guns today . 
hours and days pass by so fast . some day im gonna wake up and be old . i hope i dont waste it ... 
i didnt think it was possible to take over an hour to explain Venn diagrams , especially in college , but dr. seiger amazed me again 
very hungry + too late to make anything complicated + already ate a chicken bake and frozen pizza today so no frozen food options = problem 
nice try , Biola 
My fortune is : A surprise gift from another will leave a lasting impression . Good to know . 
Its colder than it ought to be in March . 
Lemur ? 
If there is a purgatory , i think one of the labors will be trying to sweep string and dust off of a floor covered in glue . And i have one day's sentence completed already . 
hike , friends , food , hot tub , good day 
likes making meals out of random leftovers 
doesnt have to get out of bed to hit snooze anymore 
averaged 100% on tests this week . 100% on botany , 98% on business , and 102% on stats ! woo ! 
finally broke 170 pounds . 172 in fact . thats like 6 pounds of muscle in like 4 months ! 
Hey Azusa friends ! Im looking for a roommate or roommates for next fall . Im gonna get an Alosta Place Apartment and pretend i still go to APU . =) 
feels like singing \I dont wanna be\ " 75% of the time he enters a restroom . " 
got incredible deals on backpacking gear at REI this morning 
The Spoelstra Clan is the best family . 
sometimes i forget to look at the sky and i miss out 
will be the number one with the bullet . 
pirates of the caribbean 4 is looking for extras . sounds kinda interesting 
AW CRUD ! spring just broke ! 
there is a section of Ireland near Tehachapi . i want to go brandish a sword on its hilltops and run down thru the rocks 
i shouldnt have to bust out the All-Nighter Socks during spring break . curse you , online class ! 
back in apu where i belong =) 
2 chapels , meals with friends , soccer , bike ride 
The zombie apocalypse is nigh . 
brains .... 
ok think about it right now . are your ears ringing ? i have a theory that they are always ringing but ur brain just blocks it out if u dont concentrate on it . 
i wrestled the angel for more than a name , for more than a feeling , for more than a cause 
When you are a science < PROPMALE > , you get weird vocabulary words circling in your mind . Indoleacetic acid ..... indoleacetic acid ..... indoleacetic acid ..... 
last night i had a dream that i could jump really high and fast by holding onto two wooden stakes and pressing down with a dip press motion . it was super fun and i used this ability to escape the gestapo on a rooftop < PROPMALE > at night 
i just had a revelation . When you hurt a mosquito , they bleed with your blood . will someone with music skillz please proceed to write me an emo song about it 
Goodbye < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Theres just two ways to lose yourself in this life . And neither way is safe . 
\Door to remain locked at all times\ " it might as well be a wall then " 
* throat punch * Justice ! 
MAYDAY ! MAYDAY !!!!! 
should i do a mission trip in Africa or < PROPFEMALE > ? 
good thing i get paid by the hour because everything took longer than it should have and my tools were being difficult today at work 
last night i dreamed that i drove thru the night to see a life sized carved wooden Diplodicus . then i was a vampire living in a big gang infested city . most delightful sleep ive had < PROPFEMALE > while 
will be in Malawi 5 weeks of this summer ! 
clouds are one of the best things . just cool in so many ways 
maybe we will understand what is going on on the island after tonight 
got paid $1.60 to climb a flagpole today = $192 per hour = $ 368,640 a year ! 
now comes with magical color changing hair feature ! just cut it off and it turns brown ! get a < PROPMALE > now for 9.95 ! 
so my teacher volunteered me to be a model today 
apparently i have been an officer in the army for the past 4 years . now the government is offering me benefits ! weird 
When ur on a < PROPFEMALE > sea , you dont need no memory . 
got shot 3 times in the shoulder today with diseases but it just feels like i got punched 
well i didnt get any answers , but i did get warm fuzzies . i guess people and your decisions are what matter , not figuring everything out 
my parents are away from home for a few days ! wild and crazy party at my house !!!!!!!!! 
the storm smells like barbeque 
when i wake in the morning , i want to blow into pieces . well see how it tuns out , tho 
anyone who wants to come play ultimate frisbee at city park on Monday is free to join us ! 10:30 am ! 
its hot outside , im < PROPFEMALE > tanktop , was just palying ultimate , made my summer playlist , and am doing HOMEWORK ! see if u can find whats wrong with this picture . 
i have discovered a topic that is not present on the internet . the process of gymnosperm germination . grrrr 
all nighter last night . i went to sleep for 3 hours after my classes , and i woke up in the middle of a dream where where i was deciding the fate of the world depending on whether i chose the color yellow or green . 
just turned his fan on for the first time this summer . 
last HW assignment sent ! summer begins !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is leaving for 3 day backpacking/camping trip in Yosemite tomorrow morning at 4 . 
countless steps , 34 mosquito bites and 3 days of dry food later , im back and i love showers and my bed 
discovered that the world cup is actually played inside the worlds largest hornet nest . 
does anyone else ever repeat an english phrase over and over and try to think of it as some kind of tribal language ? or what it would sound like to someone who doesnt understand english ? 
yes ! the internet works again 
The wise Panda Express < PROPFEMALE > says to me : Simplicity in style will bring desirous eyes your way . 
I think i may naturally be a INTP personality . but ive learned to be otherwise when it suits the situation . 
on a bright desert highway , cool wind in my newly cut hair , warm smell of KFC rising up thru the air ... 
Im off to Malawi in Africa ! please pray for me and my team if you think of me ! we are sharing the gospel and instructing the people about clean water and medical practices . 
thank you everyone fot the birthday wishes ! my birthday was cool . it was my first day of travel by minibus in africa and i got to see alot of cool stuff 
has the red dirt of Africa under his nails and a whole boiled mouse in his stomach . 
misses cheese and is glad that Nsima doenst exist in the US . thank you everyone who is praying for me ! my spirits are up and the trip is going well . we bought fireworks and set them off in a village on independence day . they started a fire in the brush but i saved africa from the huge wild fire by swiftly putting it out with my feet . 
1 . I miss all my friends and family back at home\ 
2 . since when can you like coments to a post ? 
go to africa - check\ 
find pride rock - check\ 
climb up through pride rock to the top - check\ 
sit on the throne at the top of pride rock - check\ 
all is going according to plan 
took part in a secret < PROPFIRST > deal in a back room at night . \ 
stayin the night in Abusa ( pastor ) < PROPMALE>' house for the last night before the trip home . \ 
gotta be up at 5 . night everyone ! 
left blood , sweat and friends in Africa , but none of my facial hair 
needs to go to the beach sometime soon . 
going to the beach friday ! dockweiler ! somewhat early ! so we can get back for bible study ! let me know if you want to come with us ! 
i dont think any 3activities go together as well as making a sand fortress , then boogieboarding , and then lying in the warm sand 
when i lie on my back to nap in the sun , i see multitudes of shadow butterflies flying away from me at hyperspeed 
my feet are getting hard and leathery =) 
realized i cant sing Swiss Army Romance anymore because i AM 21 ... =( 
i accidentally cut a mantis ' arm off while edging the lawn =( 
saw more onions today than you ever will in your whole life . 
likes it when salt water makes sand stick to more than half his skin . 
its kinda weird that we bow our heads down when we pray . i just noticed that < PROPMALE > . 14:19 , < PROPFIRST > 6:41 , and < PROPMALE > 9:16 all describe Jesus as looking up when he prays 
Dashboard Confessional is the best music for a quiet day working on your room , etc . 
i just discovered a room decorating tip : if you put a CD upside down on ur windowsill , then you get this really cool rainbow lighting in your room during certain hours of the day . try it ! 
i love the cold breeze . it smells like adventure ... 
Hide yo kids , hide yo wife . 
APU has a way of sucking me in for longer then i intend . but in a good way 
i cut the sleeves off my favorite shirt from when i was 14 and now it fits me again ! its growing up with me 
i think heaven will be alot like APU . 
Are animals REALLY children too ? 
I think Switchfoot was intended to be played on blownout car speakers . it suits all those weird sounds they throw in very well . 
easy livin : thats not much life for me . easy dyin : hey , thats sounds just about the same . 
there is a movie on scifi channel coming out entitled \Sharktopus \"" 
The wise Panda < PROPFEMALE > says to me : \You will touch the hearts of many . \ " I guess this means i have a big crossroads in my life : i can either become a brilliant world renowned heart surgeon or a brutal mortal combat gladiator . " 
sometimes u just need a second dinner . 
i figured out why ive been sleeping and eating nonstop for the past 3 days . usually i can only lift about 310 on the leg press but suddenly i can lift over 360 ! 
so long sweet summer , whats goin down , fall ? 
i was hoping i would never have to do this again . class at 7:30 AM tomorrow 
the community of CPP is inferior to APU but maybe i should just give it some more time 
just realized my name means Heavenly Peace From the Lake . kinda cool i guess 
Ghost's tests risks Mist's wasp's nests . 
heavy downpour , powerful lightening and thunder , all with bright sunlight ! this is cool ! 
what i learned about writing in school is that if you can think of three reasons to back up what ur saying and make them into a paragraph , then u are right 
just had a fire drill ! 
< PROPMALE > discovered < PROPFEMALE > . youll discover great savings . - barnes and < PROPMALE > ad haha 
theres a difference u know ' tween havin faith and playing make believe . one will make u grow and the other one just make u sleep . 
a muscle on my lip by my nose has been twitching for a couple days now 
aw i forgot to do this yesterday : ten slash ten slash ten 
impromptu ultimate frisbee games at APU are a great thing that i enjoy 
works on a farm . 
i wish that college campuses made better use of the wonders of zip lines for campus travel . or at least monkey bars 
< PROPFIRST > 21 : 1-7 How was Jesus riding on the donkey and her colt at the same time ? a foot on each one like skis ? 
woo ! im one paper closer to graduation ! 
did anyone else celebrate Earthquake Day today at 10:21 ? 
found a friendly donkey that likes to have its cheek scratched . 
quote from my teacher today : BATF is the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , and firearms , so u can call them up and find out what scotch and cigar go best with an m16 automatic weapon . 
come carve pumpkins in the suites at 6 ! 
does the fact that dreams dont build on each other mean they arent real ? the situations and choices i make in my dreams develop me as a person and are part of my memories which make them part of my life story also . they are things that my real consciousness has encountered . thinking is more fun than homework . 
open your eyes and see your eyes are open 
sometimes you open ur truck window and are overwhelmed by the smell of cheezits . and theres nothing you can do about it . thats just how life is . 
just got my discussion board postings in on time on blackboard ! i need to stop doing that 
thinking outside the box is one of my favorite things ... but thinking inside a box can also be fun 
i just watched a commercial that encouraged me to visit california . marketing failure 
neither jeans nor plaid shirts ever really get so dirty that they need to be washed 
why are people such bad writers and how did get dragged into being the editor for the group project ? this is such a mess 
hey u should come to a live cd recording at Pomona First Baptist tonight at 6 . 
forgetting someone's name doesnt mean u dont remember THEM , or what they are like or anything like that 
is hardcore like parkour . 
I'm thankful for my friends !! =) 
wow iTunes says it would take a whole day to listen to all the music on my iPod 
today i built a workbench and a three shelf storage thing and defeated my cold before i really got sick 
whats the deal with those random super long spider webs that u run into in the morning ? that spider seriously had to jump like 60 feet at least to do that 
paycheck ! finally i can get some new music 
normal classes are done for the quarter . and i got a 105% on my first final 
had fun at the Cru Christmas Party 
they have my money but i have their pen 
christmas carols in church ! 
so much studying ... this is awful i havent gotten physical exercise for almost a week . i think im gonna shrivel up 
holy holy holy is the lord god almighty 
Christmas time is here ! 
=) 
hmm weird there is now a tree living in our house but i actually really like it 
dont really know what i did but more of the christmas lights are working now ! 
pray for the Ludwigs . 
here goes christmas : day 2 ! 
the storm outside is fierce and wonderful 
im thinking about going hiking near tehachapi tomorrow if i get enough people . let me know ! 
flying houses , families of talking crows , magic wires , flash floods and unbelievably beautiful landscapes . 11 hours of sleep isnt enough time to take it all in 
i think its funny that i get emails congratulating me on buying my textbooks 
anyone know what \ my soul now to stand\ " is supposed to mean ? " 
come play smash with me and < PROPFIRST > tonight at my apartment ! 
< PROPMALE>'s college survival tip of the week : if u ever forget to bring a pillowcase to school , a sleeveless t shirt will get the job done . tune in next time ! 
just watched a fascinating documentary on the 2007 revolution in < PROPFEMALE > . makes me want to be part of something big 
had a dream that i was at an underwater mall where < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Ludwig had a store that sold artwork made out of fossils and < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Fouts had a store that sold furniture made out of weapons . and then Jorel Estrada and i fought some zombies acrobatically . 
is the crow whisperer . 
1 . does anyone know of some good places to hike near pomona ? \ 
2 . does anyone want to go hiking tomorrow ? \ 
3 . if i get enough people interested ill make an event and we can do it ! 
sometimes you dont get to see people that you want to because they are too far away and sometimes you dont get to < PROPFEMALE > out with all the cool people that you meet as much as you like because you dont have enough time to invest in those friendships . resolutions to this is one of the big things im looking forward to in heaven . i really hope all those people make it to heaven tho ... 
i need a tweezer 
celebrity look alike week is coming around again and im reminded that i dont have one =( 
so were supposed to be unselfish and let other people have their way . this is cool because if u do something another person's way then u get a new experience . if you do everything ur way everytime then its boring because its the same every time ! 
group project done . zzzzzZzzz 
so r we not doing celebrity look alike again this year ? 
< PROPFIRST > NagayamaBrett ParkolaNick GeddisSeyi Fabuluje hey im going to the liturgical chapel tomorrow . do u guys wanna hangout maybe play soccer before ? 
why does it have to be dark already ? 
thinking about going to the commons at 6:45 anyone else wanna go ? 
The reptilian starship commander laughed in triumph and kicked me hard in the face . I woke up seemingly immediately , but in a very different environment . I was stumbling in a dim beige room , my head in a daze . A display read , \ 4:30 \ " What did it mean ? Light years til the next planet ? Then I realized it only meant i was fifteen minutes late for class . lame ... " 
i just won season three of man vs . wild in a sweepstakes ! weird ! its on my profile < PROPFEMALE > if wanna try to win something . 
had tons of fun at game night with the cru bible studiers ! 
my muscles often twitch when im tired but this is the first time my sternum has twitched . is that possible ? 
what kind of a jerk would separate Bostrichidae and Anobiidae into different families ? 
is blessed to have very wise parents . They are always right . 
hydroplaning is exciting and expensive ... kinda like skydiving 
anyone know about the spring break in Tucson trip ? do we need to sign up by tonight ? 
anyone else wanna build castles out of < PROPMALE > in the glass box at 930 ? it sounds pretty cool and there will be \teams\ " so = competition ? " 
que instrumental music . lets do this ! 
hey everyone should come to midnight madness tomorrow ! i just saw the poster and it sounds awesome ! 
studying EPICotyls ... o yeah 
if ur done with finals and want to < PROPFEMALE > out , you can come < PROPFEMALE > out with us at my room 
press enter to post your comment ! somehow its not quite as satisfying 
\and now for the weather forecast : it will rain eventually\ " [ cut to commercial ] haha really now ? " 
just got back from arizona . the trip made me wish i had some fat on my hips . 
today at work i designed and constructed a chalkboard stand/frame thing 
anyone know what the movie is tonight at Belvedere ? 
¿oo ? u ? op ? p ? sdn ? q ???? sp ? o ? ??? ???? ' ? ooq ???? uo ? u ? d ?? ????? u ? op ? p ? sdn ? u ?? no ? ?? ???? ? ou ? no ? p ? p 
