Studing for mid-term in 2 hours . I would say that I only have to study the things that I don't know , but since I missed a lot of the class , don't have the book , and not sure if I can use a reference sheet ( yeah you call it a cheat sheet ) , it looks like I have to go through everything . 

Just looked at my schedule for finals , and is liking the fact I don't have any 8:00 am finals . This means that I won't be sleeping though half of my final . 
Making myself a turkey right now . The ham I made two weeks ago turned out great and I am expecting the same results w/ this turkey . 
Thanksgiving was amazing , it was nice to try something different . I had a good time . 
I am online , when suddenly I say \oh SHIT\ " . Tuesday night is forcasted 8-9 inches of snow ... I have to bike through that . Well atleast I got a new bike that is safe to ride on the streets . " 
Thanks everyone for the Birthday greeting . You are all the best : ) 
Happy New Years ! 
Testing to see how much longer it takes to send a small message over dial-up , as it is over broadband . Yes , this means I am in Point at my parents 
Glad that Software Engineerers will be getting newer elective classes at MSOE next school year to choose from . 
Well look at that . We just had another wave of snow , but todays forcast calls for Heavy Rain . 
I hope the surprise PS3 sequel that SCE will announce tomorrow will be Heavenly Sword 2 . I mean , what other game could it be and still be a surprise . LBP2 , Twisted Metal 2 - doubt it , these games have almost already been confirmed by their respectful company . HS2 on the other hand , seems to have been \canceled\ " but I don't remember hearing definitely that it was . " 
Almost forgot about daylight savings time . I was trying to figure out why a good hour and a half went by when I was on Google News when it only seemed like half an hour . 
After 7 hours of lab sessions , and a 1 hour exam today , I can say that Spring Break is finally here . 
I've been home for a little bit , and it hot as hell . Spring just started , and it's in the middle of the night ; how am I going to make it through Summer . lolz 
I am really liking Google Docs -- it is an amazing collaboration tool 
Never theorize before you have data . Invariably , you end up twisting facts to suit theories , instead of theories to suit facts . 
E3 Press Conferences :\ 
\ 
- Microsoft : 10 hrs\ 
- Nintendo : 33 hrs\ 
- Sony : 36 hrs 
love < PROPFIRST > Butler on E3 
so far I am 0-4 on the Round of 16 matches . 
forgot that I have summer classes to go to in 15 minutes . Have to go to work right after class , too . Why does a fairly good day have to go to waste ? 
Does not like take home quizes for Psychology . 
had no idea that Transformers 3 filming was being done at the lakefront . 
Arm\ 
is sore . Fixing my bike tire . \ 
... 
FYI , \ 
So apparently , when I graduate from MSOE , I will have put 1.07 E-9 light-years on my bike . 
Ya know , it's funny . 100 years ago , people said we'll have a black president when pigs fly . Well , we have a black president and ? the swine flu ! Times have changed . 
What is up with my \high-speed\ " internet ? Its like I have been using dialup for the past several days . " 
omg , my online video capabilities are back ! \ 
After - what - two weeks of not being able to watch videos , and the first week of dial-up like speeds , and the second week of mildly sluggish speeds , my internet appears to be back to normal . 
\There was 5 exabytes of information created between the < PROPFEMALE > of\ 
VMware or Virtualbox ? 
Starting 3rd shift on Sunday . 
New bike picked up - Check\ 
New Sony Vaio Laptop in Process - Check\ 
New PS3 Power Supply Ordered - Check 
New laptop just arrived , setting it up . So happy . 
OMG , I am jumping for joy ! Fixed my PS3 . Just got in my new PS3 power supply today , and replaced my old burnt out one . This one will run cooler too as it takes in less power . Saved myself $120 by buying a power supply directly from < PROPFEMALE > , instead of shipping it to Sony for $150 . 
OMG , I am loving this lightning 
... In a semi-depressed state of mind ... 
Happy Binary Day everyone ! \ 
OK , now its time to sleep . 
This was a rather productive Sunday . 
ummm , yeah .... so I was making a reference sheet for one of my exams at 10 am ( I was at my job all night until 7 am , and up since the morning of the previous day ) . I just realized several minutes ago , that the 10 am exam is tomorrow , not today . 
After talking to my boss , I am doing some Boundary Value Analysis on the concept that is known as Midnight 
So it appears that I will once again begin testing of dial-up connectivity this weekend . Fun times . 
It is Oct 20th . ( 10/20/2010 or 20/10/2010 ) 
man is it < PROPFEMALE > out . Never thought biking down-hill could be a work out ! 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)\ 
who has been eaten by a dragon . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in \ 
case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy \ 
and paste this , because they have already been eaten by a dragon . The \ 
other 7% are sitting in the shower armed with ... fire extinguishers . 
This week has been going fairly fast , however Tuesday just cannot come fast enough ! 
Turns out the BOSS is an attention getter 
Thanks everyone for the birthday greetings 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status . 
Impressed by the Nvidia Tegra 2 at CES 2011 
Guys and Gals , I associate people that are on Facebook via their faces , not by a Pokemon or cartoon character from their past that was only suppose to replace their profile pictures for the month of December ! 
OMG , go Pack go ! 
Who else is Feelin So Fly Like A Cheesehead ! 
2011 has not been a good year for birds . Thousands have dropped out of the sky across the world , and in the past week eagles and falcons have been hit hard . For some reason , call it intuition , I know seahawks are next in line . 
OMG , almost 3 weeks later , my sleep schedule is almost back to normal ! 
If you know someone who suffers from being a bears fan ; commonly known as Bear Fan Disorder ( BFD ) ... \ 
Being a bears fan is a real disorder & should be taken seriously . There is no cure for BFD & sympathy does not help ... but we can raise awareness . 100% of Packers fans will repost this ... Go Pack go ! 
01/27 - 3pm JST | 12am CST : Sony Japan is having a press conference . The last time Sony Japan had a similar press conference , they revealed the Playstation 3 . They are speculated to reveal of the powerful Playstation Portable 2 ( PSP2 ) this time around . 
OMG , finally think I have this algorithms lab done . After 3 days of working on making it more efficient , it should be done ! But now it is time to go to work . 
Only in Wisconsin can you surf while in a blizzard . Waves are as high as 12 - 16 feet , and there are snow drifts as high as 10 - 15 feet 
Wish I had time to do things that , you know ... I like . 
You all heard this already ... the Packers won the Super Bowl !. However , the most disappointing part of the game was that there were more women at that bar than at MSOE ! 
< PROPMALE > Butler is at MSOE due to several AE Senior Design projects . 
Oh , Android Bitmaps will be the end of me ! 
Wish more days were like this . Getting stuff done left and right , new coat of fresh snow ( not saying I always want this ) , and I still have time to do things ! 
Wisconsin's new state motto : p ???? o ? 
So my day started with getting a stubborn virus at midnight that would have made my first final for the day impossible to even start ( not dramatizing ) , sleeping though part of that final , and having to wait for a bus because I forgot that I left my bike at school about a week ago . \ 
On the plus side , I don't have to do anything for my next final ( in 20 minutes ) except show up and listen . 
Military tactics are like unto water ; for water in its natural course runs away from high places and hastens downwards ... Water shapes its course according to the nature of the ground over which it flows ... 
Finally cracked the windows open . Rain , small hail , thunder . Listening to new music . Nice first day of Spring . 
Is liking the new Firefox 4 ! 
Sounds like my apartment is going to burn down . My roommate keeps on setting off all of the fire alarms . lol 
