Spent the first day of the new year with my oldest and dearest friend . 2010 is going to be great ! 

is watching Colma : The Musical on Sundance Channel in Massachusetts ! 
R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > and MJ . < PROPMALE > McMahon , too . 3 legends in one week . 
is sad the world lost Pina Bausch today . She was a true pioneer in dance and theatre . 
Have a great Independence Day , everybody ! Remember , blow up fireworks , not your face ! 
is < PROPFEMALE > Larocque 
is boiling . 
' s stomach is staging a revolt . Too bad the rest of her body won't join in . Blech ! 
is sleepy . 
has a date with < PROPMALE > Potter ... and < PROPFIRST > ! 
is the proud owner of a new bicycle ! 
is officially on vacation ! 
is cleaning and packing ! 
11 years and counting ... 
on day 2 of easing in to the Master Cleanse - only O.J. and water today . 
hates song lyrics as facebook statuses . 
has a new phone ! 
can't wait to eat real food tonight after 5 days of juice . It will just be a small bowl of pea soup , but still ... 
just ate some seedy salad with grilled tempeh from the Zephyr Cafe - delicious ! 
last day of summer , but at least I get to see my man again soon ! 
RIP < PROPMALE > Kennedy 
is sending mad birthday love to < PROPFIRST > ! 
Happy Friday ! 
Oy . I just had my first 9am to 10pm day of the semester . 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . Thanks . 
Happy Friday , everyone !!! 
has decided to stay in for the evening eating popcorn and catching up with Project Runway . Yes , I am getting old . 
is going to the Farmer's Market and the Zephyr Cafe tomorrow . I love Saturdays ! 
It's official - all of my classes are cancelled this week . Why am I paying more for school this semester ? 
I don't know how true this is , but it can never hurt to be safe . I got this message today , so I am spreading the word : URGENT !! Apparently the FAN CHECK Application is a VIRUS that takes 48 hours to kick in . Even if you are tagged in a photo the virus still attacks you . Please inform all you friends and remove/delete the application ASAP . Copy and paste this as your status so word gets around quickly . 
Calling it a night . I'll get you next time , Accounting , next time ! 
Oh boy ! Sleep , that's where I'm a Viking ! 
Yay Friday !!! 
got home early from class just in time for Glee ! 
Is it bad that even Gmail is telling me I have issues ? 
has to be at the < PROPFEMALE > at 4:30 . Harumph . 
is purging negative energy from her life . 
Ugh , I hate the weather here . Earlier in the week , it was raining and about 60 degrees . Today , it's < PROPFEMALE > and humid with a high of 92 degrees . Mother Nature - make up your mind ! 
thinks Chipotle may be the best thing about Southern California . 
If you don't like the new facebook , you can change it . On your Home < PROPFEMALE > , look to the top left menu and click on MORE . Then drag STATUS UPDATES to the top . After dragging to top , click on it . That becomes your default and it is like before . Pass it on . 
My cousin's baby , Christian < PROPFIRST > Lacadie , was born today ! Welcome to the family , little man ! I can't wait until Christmas time when I'll get to see your fresh face in person . 
Happy Halloween Everyone !!! 
To all my fellow Massholes - I'll be there from Dec . 20 - < PROPFIRST > 7 splitting my time between < PROPMALE>'s in Nor'Easton and Pop's in Wareham . Send me an FB message if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
but I don't want to work the matinee :( 
is broken . It's official - my ankle is fractured and I have a giant plaster cast to prove it . I'm having flashbacks to when I broke my foot as a kid . 
is grateful for all of my friends and family . 
Dear News : I couldn't care less about Tiger Woods or his car accident . Please stop reporting on it . It's not real news . <3 < PROPFEMALE > 
14 days ... 
I usually love the rain , but when I'm in a cast on crutches , it becomes the bane of my existence . Contemplating taking a cab to school this morning ... 
10 days ... 
wants to welcome the newest official addition to our family - Christian < PROPFIRST > Lacadie . Cheers to adding a new stripe to the ever-growing family rainbow ! 
7 days ... 
just ate what I think was the first steak of my life . It was OK , but I don't get what all the fuss is about . Omnivores please explain . 
15 < PROPFEMALE > s done ! Now I just need to finish off my reference < PROPFEMALE > and review for my review . :) 
Done with the semester !!! :) Back in Massachusetts in 4 days . Get in touch if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
3 days ... 
2 days ... 
so glad I took a day off . I actually feel human again . 
1 day ( and , yes , I will be flying home to a blizzard ) . 
4 days :( JetBlue cancelled my flight home , and they're all booked up until Wednesday . 
Tomorrow ! Woot ! 
I'm leaving on a jet plane ... I'll be in < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , Everyone ! 
is watching the < PROPFEMALE > Bowl . Go BC !!! 
is taking Pops to see Sherlock Holmes tomorrow . 
Sherlock Holmes was a great flick . Pops and I both approve . ( And RD , J is so sexy ! ) 
just saw Sherlock Holmes again . It was still awesome the second time around ! 
has mixed feelings about leaving Massachusetts tomorrow . I'm happy to go home to < PROPFIRST > , sunshine and getting the cast off of my leg , but I'm sad to leave family and good friends behind . 
I'm going going back back to Cali Cali . 
a couple of coconut shells 
cast off ! 
is waiting for The Simpsons 20th Anniversary episode to begin ! 
Hi ho hi ho it's off to work I go ! 
3-day weekend - then the semester gets underway . 
is excited for the symphony tonight !!! 
Yay , sleep ! That's where I'm a viking ! And I beat the pants off the Cowboys ! Go Vikings ! 
Things are looking up even though the rain is coming down . 
is expecting < PROPMALE > to come by in his arc any moment now . 
Blue skies smiling at me . Nothing but blue skies do I see . 
Go Jets !!! 
It's time for learning . Get ready , brain !!! 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Larocque - February 5 , 1941 - January 28 , 2000 ... I can't believe it's been ten years . You'll always live in my heart , Mommy . 
strives to love more , accept more and judge less - I want to be more like my mom . 
Finance 600 just may be the death of me . 
It's MUPPET WEEK ! Change your profile pic to the muppet you feel is most like you . No reasoning behind your choice is neccessary . Just have fun with it ! Then post this on your status ! 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what urbandictionary.com says about your name in your first comment . 
is sick and had to cancel her birthday trip to San < PROPMALE > to see real live pandas for the first time ever . :( 
upon waking this morning , I managed to knock over every item on my bedside table , including my Cal Rep water bottle . I had left the cap on the water bottle loose so I could open it easily in the night to quench my thirst . 
is 33 ! 
thanks to everyone for all the happy birthday wishes ! 
starting a new semester is like getting caught in a riptide . It sucks you in , throws you around , and when you come out the other side , you feel lucky to be alive . 
leggings are not pants , ladies ! That is all . 
My bus got hit by a car on my way to campus today . The hits just keep on coming . 
is looking forward to a time in her life when a weekend is actually a weekend instead of two extra days to do hours and hours of homework . 
is heading to LA for day #2 of the Commercial Theatre Institute . 
Monday , Monday , can't trust that day . 
is sick . Boo ! 
discovered that wearing a surgical mask while on crutches is a surefire way to discourage people from asking about how I ended up on said crutches to begin with . 
just got some amazing news ! I'm going to be the Publicity Manager at Williamstown Theatre Festival this summer !!! 
Earthquake ? I snoozed right through it . 
too damn hot !!! 
is so glad to stay in tonight . 
and it's UNI with the upset . Go Panthers !!! 
you may win this battle , Finance 600 , but I will win the war !!! 
9 1/2 hours until Spring Break !!! 
is experimenting with crockery . 
Groan 
Um , excuse me , could you please turn down the suck ? Thanks ! 
sending lots of love out to my family and wishing little Christian the best baptism ever . 
is drinking her first < PROPFIRST > Summer of the year . I almost forgot how delicious they are . 
4 days ' til TheatreFest !!! 
TheatreFest is over ! I'm slightly less exhausted today than I was yesterday , but my right hand has mysteriously swollen to twice the size of my left . 
is going to see The Language Archive at SCR tonight ! 
booked her flight to Massachusetts . I'll be there May 26 so I can < PROPFEMALE > out for a week before moving to Williamstown for the summer . 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > then to Culver City to celebrate < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday with some Cuban food . Even though she's not on FB , I'm sending lots of birthday lurve to my big sis . 
so much to do ! Eep ! 
Drag Show Tonight !!! 
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing moms out there . Even though my mom is not on the earthly plane anymore , I would not be the person I am now without her . My memories of her still help to guide me through life . 
Make your mom your profile picture . Thanks for the idea , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My last class in the Theatre Dept . is today . I have a giant hairy beast of a Finance final next Wednesday . Then , I pack up all my worldly belongings into a storage pod to stow away for the summer . After that I move across the country for the next three months . Life is an adventure , but sometimes it makes me tired just thinking about it . 
last day working at CPAC before I leave for the summer . 
is sad to miss Bay to Breakers today but happy to attend the LB Pride parade instead . I've got to get going - I can hear the dykes on bikes already . 
alright , Finance - it's on tomorrow ! Just you and me . Then sweet , sweet summer . 
Four days until the big move . This will be my longest stint in Massachusetts since I moved to California twelve years ago . 
Packing , packing and more packing . Three Days ! 
is in < PROPFEMALE > for the summer ! One week to relax then off to Williamstown Theatre Festival !!! 
sending a big CONGRATULATIONS to all who are graduating today . Next year won't be the same without you . 
is happy to be with friends and family in a place she loves . 
starts a new adventure tomorrow . 
finally has internet access in my office ! ( Yes , I realize it's Sunday - I think I'll get a day off in a couple of weeks ) 
is expecting < PROPMALE > to float by in his arc at any moment ... 
saw some birds cooling off in the sand in a parking lot as if it were a birdbath the other day . Poor , stupid little birds . 
just saw < PROPFEMALE > Hecht read the Declaration of Independence . I love Williamstown ! 
met < PROPFIRST > Sondheim tonight . My first startstruck moment in a really long time . I <3 Williamstown . 
has finally gotten into the WTF groove . Now to try to get my life on track again ... 
went for a run today for the first time in almost a year . Hope that the injury plague is gone for good - and I hope I didn't just jinx myself . 
FaceBook recommends that I might like Cycling and Smoking . Interesting combo , FaceBook . 
There's a big part of me that doesn't want to go back to real life ( read : Long Beach ) at all . 
saw THE LAST GOODBYE tonight . It was amazing . I was an emotional wreck at the end of it , and you know that doesn't happen to me very often ( at least not from works of fiction ) . 
just got up from a nap . Now time to make dinner . 
feeling antsy . 
blargh . 
is again a person who makes plans for things to start at midnight . Thank you , WTF . I haven't done that since my San < PROPFIRST > days . 
first weekend off all summer !!! In fact , first two days in a row off all summer . 
is going to drown her sorrows in < PROPMALE > and soy cheese . 
had an awesome beach day with the girls . 
last day in Williamstown . Sure was a crazy summer ! 
left Williamstown this morning . Back at my Pop's then on to Long Beach on Friday . I just realized today is the first day of Cal Rep Week . And I don't have to be there for the first time in 4 years . :) 
is back in SoCal . Sleeping on a comfy pad on the floor until I can move my stuff out of storage . Can't wait to have my own bed back . 
How is summer over already ? Classes start tomorrow . Blargh ! 
will be moved in and sleeping in her own bed for the first time in 3.5 months on Monday . 
just ate so much that I can't move . I need to learn to eat more earlier in the day so I can avoid this in the future . 
just booked my trip home for the holidays . I'll be there for a month and can't wait to see all my East Coast peeps again . 
\I like to tie my cat to my fist when I punch someone . It makes the whole situation more intense . \ " - Ronan M . Kilkelly " 
is sending best wishes to all involved in Waiting for Lefty at Cal Rep , most especially to her awesome roommate < PROPFEMALE > Crocker !!! 
IT'S BROTHERS WEEK . If you have a brother(s ) who have made you laugh , \ 
Stuck up for you , Drove you crazy , Hugged you , Watched you succeed , Saw \ 
you fail , Cheered you on , Made you strong , and Can't do without . copy n \ 
paste on ur < PROPFEMALE > . ( Love you , D-Rocque . Oh , and the other one too :)) 
it's too hot to study - my brain is melting . 
is eating the most amazing salad right now - mixed baby greens , black lentils , baby heirloom tomatoes , beets , avocado , red , green , and purple grapes with miso dressing - delicious . :) 
I changed the way I live my life because your death came much too soon . Miss you lots , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I like it under my desk . 
is jealous of everyone who gets a 3-day weekend . < PROPMALE > Day doesn't exist in CA . :( 
hopes the Giants can pull it together . 
eff 
Beat the Panthers !!! Go < PROPFEMALE > !! 
does not feel well at all . 
Apparently being sick for a couple of days last week wasn't enough . The germs came back and are staging a revolt in my lungs . 
officially has the ' itis . 
Dear Giants : \ 
Thank you for not blowing it . \ 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > 
is spending Halloween rooting for the orange and black . Go Giants !!! 
Please remember to vote tomorrow - it's important !!! <3 Me 
Heat , heat go away - come again some other season ... 
So , about that 3.8 magnitude earthquake this morning with the epicenter 1.5 < PROPMALE > from my house , I slept through it . 
Just bought myself an early Christmas present - tickets to see Phish in Worcester on Dec . 28 . I'm so excited I can hardly contain myself ! 
22 days ' til the LSAT , 28 days ' til home , 39 days ' til Phish . Did I miss anything ? 
Saw < PROPMALE > Potter today , and it was great ! 
Love , laughter , life , family , friends , new beginnings , adventure , fun , health , nourishment of soul , mind , and body - these are just some of the things I'm thankful for . Happy Thanksgiving , everyone !!! 
\How much tea do you think I can drink in 20 days ? \ " < PROPFEMALE > Crocker " 
Watching Elf with < PROPFEMALE > Crocker ! 
Just realized I'm going to be hooded ( twice ! ) in May 2011 , 10 years after graduating from college in May 2001 - crazy . 
via my cousin < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Lacadie : \ 
Thinking of my uncle on this World Aids Day , he died in 1988 . Miss you Uncle < PROPFIRST > . 
\Twenty years from now 
\Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions . Small people \ 
Just heard this on a TV commercial : \You slice it thick on Christmas . \ " WTF !?! " 
In the next nine days , I will take the LSAT , complete an IS case study , take finals in Econ , HR and IS then fly to the East Coast . 
Is giving up for the night . I tried to work on my IS Case Study , but I'm way too distrated by the LSAT looming on the horizon . It's tomorrow - eep ! 
Dear Brain : \ 
Just keep working for the next two days , then you can go on vacation . Thanks ! \ 
Love , \ 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Finished my finals !!! 
It's snowing out , and I'm inside sharing the couch with < PROPMALE > Larocque ' s two crazy kitties . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! 
Did it up New England-style - Christmas lobstah dinnah . 
SNOW !!!! 
So excited to see Phish tonight with Henok Habteh-Yimer ! Also excited to be on FB using my new Kindle . I just figured out that I can do this . 
I'm so excited about 2011 ! This year , I'll be finishing up two master's degrees , I'm moving back to the east coast this summer , I'm applying to start law school in the fall , and I've found an amazing man to share it all with . 
Hello , Long Beach . 74 and < PROPFEMALE > is great . The loud-ass ice cream truck stopped in front of my house is not . 
To all my friends on the East Coast :\ 
\ 
The high temp was 80 in Long Beach today . Come visit me before I move back this summer . Don't miss your < PROPMALE > to escape the cold . \ 
Love , \ 
E 
Copy and paste this if your mother is in heaven . If roses grow in heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my mothers arms and tell her they're from me . Tell her that I love and miss her , and when she turns to smile , place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for a while .. I Love You ... I love and miss you mom ? 
Lunch and a surprise matinee in Hollywood today with Winter < PROPMALE > . I <3 birthday surprises !!! 
Go Packers !!! 
Thanks to all for the amazing birthday well-wishes . I'm verklempt . 
