Happy birthday me . VIOLENT nosebleed after midnight . Barium milkshakes for an upper GI and small bowel series of images for breakfast . BUT - I went to Kobe Japanese steakhouse for dinner , and managed to get a piece of shrimp fall down twixt my b00bs . I 

OMG - any tips for minimizing physical anxiety ? Feel like my heart is about to bust from my chest , which may look ' neat ' but will not be fun . 
2:00 AM ; sleeping pills haven't kicked in . Plan : linkedin & pogo 
2am , waiting for sleeping pills to kick in . Meanwhile ; Pogo , LinkedIn , Facebook :) 
Sitting on the front steps so < PROPFEMALE > can play outside for a few . Waiting on < PROPFIRST > to return from Atlantic City ; lucky SOB . Planning on attending church this weekend ( show of hands for those amazed ) . Trying to commit to a week without ER visits ! 
Upper endoscopy scheduled for Friday - ka-ching ! 
I love going under ; best sleep ever . However , I do not like being told to not drink coffee or eat spicy foods . What else is there ? 
I have a new baby corgi girl :) Thanks < PROPFEMALE > :) 
grr - photos driving me nuts :) 
Todays game - PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence : Greenock , Scotland 
No love for hour long conference calls when the restroom beckons loudly ! ~ 
Just got my new swimsuit ; looks good , considering :) 
Oh my word ; that went so well . Excited ! Hopefully I'll have news to share soon . 
Its hard to write resignation letters . 
Watching ' The < PROPFEMALE > Compass ' with the kids . Trying also not to wring necks . 
MMh , Double T Florentine omelette with double mushroom . 
Who knew that puppies would act like frozen peas were prime rib ? < PROPFEMALE>'s grabbing a few - dashing to another room , eating them , then dashing back . Sometimes she chases them about the kitchen floor . :) 
Apparently I am too chipper in my short-timer's mode . 
I still care about this job , which leaves me feeling ( still ) frustrated and wanting to wring necks . Oh for some stress relief :) 
Who knew that clothes shopping would be such a workout . I am so p00p3d . 
To all the people I've worked with at CSC ; its been a pleasure working with you . Now you don't HAVE to be nice to me :) 
First day of new work went very well . Working downtown is an exciting way to practice the skills I learned driving in downtown SF . And AMAZING - the client actually had most of my accounts , and a machine , set up * faint * . 
Okay , I'm just lost . 4 work emails TOTAL today . This would have been the number I received per hour at the previous two jobs . Single task processing is hard . 
Not that I have many complaints , BUT ... I can access facebook but not my email ? 
Grateful for my babies on Mother's day , grateful for my sister-who-is-like-a-mum , grateful for my mother-in-law who I adore , grateful for my step-mum , grateful for my mother who would have loved her grandkids to pieces . Okay - time to stop being sniffy :) 
Rockin ' - I see an orthopedic doctor today ; his last name : Tarantino . \ 
Just as cool ; my allergist's name is Bacon . 
Okay , so I got cortisone shots ; Dr Tarantino blames my bursae . Tennis elbow in my right elbow . Cortison shots has some anasthetic in them ( yay ) , but this morning , my hip hurts SOOOO BADLY . Waiting for cortisone to kick in now to stop limping . 
Guaaaaau : Where's the toothpicks ? So tired . 
My main pandora station has Megadeth , Bronski Beat and < PROPFEMALE > Piaf playing pretty close to each other . 
I almost cried - waking up bs = 98 , after drive to work and coffee = 126 . Of course , the irony is that I am more likely to hypo now . 
Off to Atlantic City today :D 
Mmh ; Single malt Oban 14 yrs . My tailbone is warm . 
Oh , AND I bought a Pandora bracelet ; boy , girl , and heart charms . 
Our pool arrived . Now it needs to be set up ; goodness knows how long that might take ! Kudos to < PROPFEMALE > for all her hard work ! 
What is it about 20-something unmarried men that makes me want to wring their necks ? 
OMG - so tired . I was introduced to ( and played ) Frontierville last night . I'm so pathetic :) 
Happiest I have been in a while . Thanks for all of you ( you know who you are ) who have put up with me :) 
Okay , how many of you have heard the term ' Tarball ' on the news lately and gone ' Huh , I never did think of it like THAT' ? 
My little girl ( the furry one ) is getting ' fixed ' this morning , micro-chipped , and maybe having her hernias fixed ( they may no longer be an issue ) . 
I swear , I just ate a strawberry that barely fit in my mouth ... and yes , I have a big mouth :) 
So hot - 99 degrees :P 
Baltimore women ; if you're interested in research studies ... \ 
http://www.jhsph.edu/hipstudy/hip_study/index.html 
Oh - the ecstasy ; I just had Uni delivered > melt < . 
Ew , physical therapy at 7:30 am . BUT ! It does appear to be working :) 
Bad news : eye prescription got worse :P ( and my eyes are still dilated ) . Good news : Most of the retinopathy seen last year is gone , specifically the stuff at/on my macular nerve ; he only saw one wee spot on the left side . Woo . 
Oh how wounding it is when your friend requests are not responded to * wail * . 
I swear , I feel like I work in Liliput ; only a few folk in my work area are my height or taller . I thought smart people were tall ( of course , applying logic ; this does not mean that short people are dumb ) . 
I was amused to learn that an old school-mate ( you know who you are ) thought I was ' quiet ' back then . Now ; the additional adjectives included ' s<PROPFIRST>' and ' large ' . Some things never change :) 
In Wilmington , Delaware tonight . Woot ! 
Nice ; I won some money at poker :) Made up for the hip so sore I could barely walk . 
You know , I am looking through pics in other folks ' albums and I think ' I lived then and there , how can I NOT know these people ? ' . 
ordering from fiesta mexicana - some amazing food . 
Bought some clothes from Torrid last night . I feel so saucy :) 
Twice in the past 30 minutes , my Cisco phone has ON ITS OWN gone to speaker phone and dialled < PROPFIRST > . I'm highly amused . I suspect our cubicle move today has something to do with it :) 
Augh ; bought 19 8ft long 2x6 weathertreated board and CRAMMED them into my car . Only at the last two boards did a Home Depoter assist . Oh to be young and cute . On the other hand , whiney preteen was shoved in the back with the boards . 
In Delaware for pre-birthday weekend . Stuck on 95 for an hour at 10pm ; but here now . Poker tables - I will see you tomorrow , poker tables . 
Know anyone in the Baltimore Metro area looking for a job ; Helpdesk work - excellent communication skills and computer savvy needed ? Drop me a message for info . 
Classes start today . I will persevere and get these last 13 units . 
First day of Kindergarten down ! 
Those who grew up ( or lived for a long time ) in Scotland - do you find that drizzly weather makes you itch , like the ghost of midgies past ? 
Go Ravens ! 
Good grief , cold-sore relief can cost way much . It better work ! Stupid herpes labialis !! 
Hard to play on facebook games with corgi on laptop . 
Stinky corgi is now washed . She is trying to get the smell off by rubbing herself on the carpet as often as she can . 
OMG - so pooped . Back to school night for C - though his teachers seem really nice . But that was after working + driving since 8:10 am . Didn't get home until almost 9 ( and ravenous ) . Stressed about semi-annual nephrologist appt . tomorrow . 
Evidence of my love for the boy ; I spent the evening with him at boy scouts . \ 
Amazingly enough ; I remembered the pledge of allegiance and said it ( even though I think its ... odd ) . \ 
Not up for praying though ; but I do wonder where the Lord's Prayer varied between the UK and US ( debt/debtors , trespass/trespass against us ) . 
I like it slung over the banister . 
* cringe * here goes nothing ; format c : on my laptop . crossing fingers . 
I signed the membership book today :) 
Hmm , 98 Rock Baltimore is going to be doing this Sunday's game day at the end of the street at Silver Spring Mining Co . - < PROPFIRST > Hall . 
Looks like I'll have an A in my Psychology of Spirituality and Religion class . I am soooo dragging my feet on my English 101 class though . 
What a great weekend ! Went on a < PROPFEMALE > walk Saturday , helped out a Scout leader in C's troop . Today I completed the Scout work , loved my time at church ( book sales ) , bought plants for planting at the church , and now I done be pooped . Sleep-time . 
I didn't think that by taking this job I'd be writing PL/SQL and Perl . I feel quite chuffed that I can do both :) 
I enjoyed some cider and whiskey The Twisted Harp . But boy , do I feel old :) 
Woohoo ! My laptop is resurrected ! Almost a month down . 
I bought a bushel of apples today ! Also purchased a cauliflower that is the size of a large basketball ( are there small ones ? ) . 
So proud of the boy . He came in 6th out of 800 scouts orienteering . It was his first time doing it too . He came home ready to eat a horse and was out cold in bed within an hour :) 
blah ... stupid car won't start . here I am in a downtown outside lot waiting for triple a . :p 
GREAT ; Aeron chairs , you suck ! All of the ones in the office have little cracks on each side under the arms . I leaned to the far left to pick up something and the crack BROKE . Okay - I do have a fat hiney , but the cracks exist on everyone's chairs . :) 
And I said that this was a perfect Scottish day :\ 
Baltimore , MD : http://www.weather.com/weather/today/21236:4:US 
Our 6 person team is occupying an old training room . No one else in my team is in . I am ALL ALONE . 
Really enjoyed our sermon today on free will/destiny . Rev . also talked about the the Fates ; love the concept of the Moirae . :) 
Anyone familiar with OWB - Oracle Warehouse Builder ? 
Flu shot done ! 
HEAP ! 
Augh , as if I wasn't stressed enough from this darn writing class , my exam date is during our mandatory work weekend :P 
Best Oracle ' Action ' in response to issue : \ 
* Cause : User attempted on operation on an external table which is\ 
not supported . \ 
* Action : Don't do that ! 
exam complete . mandatory work weekend ahead . 
Thank goodness for restaurants that do all the Thanksgiving cooking . :) 
We enjoyed Tangled :) 
Hello voice ? Please return . 
Seriously , Voice , come back home ; the bronchitis and abcessing tooth miss you . 
Root canal on abscessing tooth done . Voice is still lost . :P 
Heading to Atlantic City for the weekend . 
Augmentin makes everything taste horrible . 
Liking my new phone .. the lg optimus . Working on the typing though 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas . I miss so many of you ! 
Ooh - its snowing :) 
Score : remote car starter from husband :) 
