Bored ;( wanting to leave .... 

9 Days and It's My B-Day !! :) 
:( :( 
Some of us think holding on makes us strong ; but sometimes it is letting go 
I hate ppl that act stupid and when they need my help they aren't gonna get it I'm sick of being nice , because when I need something they don't help , but I'm always there for ppl ... I done with that fuck that .. 
Can't wait for my bby to come over :) haha 
Leaving guys :) peace be back tomorrow kiddies 
My Birthday today ........ Don't know what I'm doing yet ugh and it's raining lol . Any suggestions ???? 
zac ur amazing :P 
Anyone want 2 buy a ferret comes with cage and bedding and everything .!! talk to me if your interested !!! 
Hanging with < PROPFEMALE > heheh ! 
tired going to bed soon , finally found < PROPMALE > a new home ! :) 
Anyone have a t-mobile phone that they can use Refill cards ? 
tired blahhh .... 
:( 
facebook is gay ! ughh 
I miss you baby :/ I wanna wake up with you on christmas and I want my present to be with you forever . I'm seriously darling ... 
blahh I'm sick no work today yay ! 
yea what are u doing today cutie ?? 
I need a new set of friends to hangout with ...... 
EVERYONE CHANGE THERE DEFAULT PICTURE TO A BOOHBAH !! :D 
Went tanning , feel good need sleep . G-nite everyone !! 
:( I hate this , work tonight , not go to my bf's this is gay !! 
hjhk 
black 
black lace , with silk purple and a < PROPFEMALE > ;) 
On top 
:/ 
bored 
Need more friends to hangout with ..... 
I love how everyone acts like im nothing ... 
Got the job at < PROPFIRST > Johns :) 
:'( I'm so tired ... 
Do not dwell in the past , do not dream of the future , concentrate the mind on the present moment . 
When I'm pushing myself , testing myself , that's when I'm happiest . That's when the rewards are greatest . 
Damn I need more girl friends to hangout with ..... 
D; 
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within . 
I wanna find a jogging buddie I really wanna start runnin more lol :p 
Is not life a hundred times too short for us to bore ourselves ? 
Work 5-8 
Finally got a cellphone !! 
not feelin 2 shabby 
hehe my throat is numb ! 
Ouch I think My upper shoulders and feet got sunburn't from tanning yesterday lol ! 
My tooth and head hurts :( Get paid today !! Yay and work 4-7 ! 
I believe everything happens for a reason . People change so that you can learn how to let go . Things go wrong ., so that you can appreciate them when they're right . You believe lies so you eventually learn to trust no one but yourself , and sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together .......... 
Count your blessings , review what has been learned , & start trying to figure out what's next & how to go about doing even better with it 
Hanging with my bby ! :p we are gonna have fun tonight lol !! 
Just woke up chillin . Ew its Sunday : ( 
Wants some new shoes :p 
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of . You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life . 
the weeds and bed with my bff :) 
Don't call my name , don't call my name , < PROPMALE > I'm not your babe , I'm not your babe , < PROPMALE > Don't wanna kiss , don't wanna touch Don't call my name , don't call my name , < PROPFIRST > 
I love you but fuck you , I love you but fuck you i love you but fuck you , kinda strange how you came at me I love you but fuck you , I love you but fuck you i love you but fuck you , things will never be the same with me ...... 
Try and catch me now ... :) 
All this time I was wasting Hoping you would come around\ 
I've been giving out chances every time & all you do is let me down & it's taking me this long Baby but I figured you out & you're thinking we'll be fine again But not this time around 
Lifes good ..... :) 
going to the movies :) 
It was all a dream , I used to read Word Up magazine 
Good night it was tonight !. : p 
Soundset yah ! 
Needs to get out of Minnesota .... 
< PROPFEMALE > bored : ( 
This weekend is gonna be fun can't wait graduation party and more partying in Wisconsin maybe . :) 
Miss the old times I wish I could go back in time ... :/ 
tomorrows gonna be busy , busy busy haha :D Can't wait ... 
Life is good :) 
imma try my hardest until i succeed 
Why are people so fucked up these days ? Really just be yourself ! :D 
Reality is wrong . Dreams \ 
are for real . -Tupac Shakur 
Someone take me with them on road trip :P 
Ugh going to work 12-3 ... Text me everyone :p 
Got a interview next Thursday ... Can't wait !! :D The call woke me up but I'm gonna have a good day and it's Friday ! 
Ugh what to do tonight ... Who wants to chill ? :p 
Life's good ... Excited for my interview and a little nervous wish me luck !! :D 
Need a new job real fast .... 
Don't gotta work tomorrow .. Yay ! :P 
Needs some ink :P 
waiting for my baby then off to Riverdale :) 
I wouldn't change my friends for the world .. love you guys you betta know who u guys are !! :) jl rc 
Going to work ! Gotta get that money : P 
I got 99 problems and < PROPFIRST > ain't one !! :D 
Had a sweet week & weekend ! :) loving life back to work again .. 
Haha < PROPFIRST > st. cloud was an okay movie ... Hes short haha ! :p I liked dinner for schmucks better .. 
Wants to change schools ... What school to choose there is so many !! lol 
Whoever < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is a faggot .. I dunno how u got my number but grow up ! wow creep how'd u get my number ... 
Thanks everyone for the happy b-days ... :D 
Life's good ... Nah It's great ! :D 
The few hours I spent with you are worth the thousand hours I spend without you .. :D 
Have my best friend back to talk to ! :) hopefully they they change and don't let me go this time .. :D 
I love my sister !! Shes the best :) 
i LOVEEEE < PROPFIRST > Synstelien sooooo much ! :D 
Going with my girls to Nightmare Hallow with tonight ! :D Excitedd ! 
Just got the job I wanted ! Wish me luck guys !! made up ! Gonna have a awesome day ! :) 
Dad are u mad dad ? 
Haters can kill yourself :P I love that song .. 
Going to trail of terror excited !! :) 
should I leave my hair blonde or dye it a burgundy brown ? Any suggustions people ??? 
?? Going to MOA with my Mikeyy Boyie !?? 
Don't judge me ...... && I won't judge you .. 
bored just helpin cook aiready missin yehs :}} 
having a great night ! :) buttttt I miss my blonde hair :/ 
aww missed my blonde some much I dyed my hair back :P 
hmmm just got off work what to DO tonight ??? 
Who would like a free < PROPFEMALE > or \cat\ " for Christmas ?? :)) Her name is < PROPFEMALE > anyone ?? " 
Free cat for Christmas ... She is a one person cat kind of .. she lays onto of you at night time which is really cute . :P For further details ask me for my number or for pictures of her ... She really needs a good home and GREAT owner . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! :) 
FML 
Grandpa I hope your feeling better I'm praying for you ! I wish I would've seen you today ... I love you and grandma ! 
Why do people have to lose things to find out what they really mean ? 
With you my heart will always stay . With you my thoughts will be every day . You remain to be the one that I regret letting get away . Why didn't I say what I needed to say ? You are the one I will always use my wishes on . You are the one I will always wish was never gone . I'll constantly wonder what went wrong . I'll forever think of what I could've did that was never done . 
Life is Good !!! 
\damn thought it could be summar sausage and < PROPFEMALE > and mikes hard lemonade \"" 
Grape ! 
I want some coffee ! :P 
Don't want to go to work ! ughh I hate that I know I have maybe have a sinus infection ... feels like something sitting on my head 
Band of Horses funeral I love that song ! 
Why does everyone like Lil < PROPMALE > I really don't care for that guy ... Horrible music 
SPRING BREAK !! 
Wow to the drugs that put people's life in danger ! So scary all that happened ! R.I.P ! 
I miss my mommy ! :) 
