is excited about the big move ! 

is reading Act Like a Lady - Think Like a Man , Every woman should read it !!! 
is < PROPFEMALE > sleepy . I just want to go to bed . But I have wayyy too much work to do =( 
You have to accept whatever comes your way and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage , and with the best you have to give 
got a new car !!! =) 
The sky is the limit 
I'm still fly , I'm sky high , and I dare anybody to try and cut my wings .. 
is so glad I have the day off tomorrow ! Gotta love them bank holidays =) 
is a happy girl ! =) 
is completely addicted to music 
just got done watching The Ugly Truth with < PROPFEMALE > , great movie ! 
When God takes something from your grasp , he's not punishing you . He's simply opening your hands to receive something better . The Will of God will never take you where the Grace of God will not protect you . 
One exam down , two more to go . Making food then studying for the next 72 hours ! 
Baby whatcha say we go pickin ' wildflowers ? Got a spot way back in the woods . Sneak away for a couple of hours , you and me baby , pickin ' wildflowers . 
It's a gReAt day to be alive , I know the sun's still shining when I close my eyes =) 
needs to put together a last minute Halloween costume .. any ideas ?? 
Well I've been saved by the grace of southern charm .. 
I finally learned what life’s all about , hanging on when your hearts had enough and giving more when you want to give up 
just registered for the last semester of classes in my undergrad career , 8ams every day of the week , are you serious ??? 
We ride and never worry about the fall , I guess that's just the cowboy in us all .. 
is so blessed and so excited about life !! =) 
is off to class , the gym , and Wal-Mart . Then back here to study for an exam ! So excited about the CMA's tonight !!! =) 
The Country Music Awards is the best award show ever ! Period . 
is spending the day doing homework , cleaning my car , and grocery shopping ! One more week of class before a much needed Thanksgiving Break !! =) 
is enjoying the sunshine then heading home to cook some food !!! 
is done with class , off work today , playing some pong at the house =) 
Sometimes no matter how carefully you plan your playlist , there is no right track for what awaits you .. 
It's so hard to do homework over break ... I'm struggling . 
got her birthday present early and is < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > o excited !! No more disposable cameras ! =) 
is suffering from senioritis !! 
What you think of yourself is much more important than what others think of you 
There is an inner beauty about a woman who believes in herself , who knows she is capable of anything that she puts her mind to . There is a beauty in the strength and determination of a woman who follows her own path , who isn't thrown off by obstacles along the way . There is a beauty about a woman whose confidence comes from experiences ; who knows she can fall , pick herself up , and move on 
Finals 
is officially on Winter Break !!! 
Thanks again everyone for the birthday wishes !! I am blessed with the most amazing people in my life !!! 
what if this was that moment , a < PROPMALE > worth takin ... history in the makin ' =) 
She grew up on a side of the road , where the church bells ring and strong love grows . She grew up good , she grew up slow . . like American honey <3 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I Love You . Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense . Never let your prayin knees get lazy , and love like crazy . . 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter !! 
The bank closed early and both my classes are cancelled tomorrow !! What a great start to my weekend !! Everyone be safe out there , it's getting slick !! 
They say the bigger your investment , the bigger your return , but you have to be willing to take a < PROPMALE > . You have to understand , you might lose it all . But if you take that < PROPMALE > , if you invest wisely , the pay off just might surprise you . 
Don't think too much , you'll think your entire life away . Just close your eyes and follow your heart , I promise it knows the way 
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning , but anyone can start today and make a new ending . 
Thank you Lord for blessing me with the ability to get home in this horrible weather !! It is so ridiculous that RU had class today ! I don't care if it's cancelled tomorrow or not , I'm not taking my chances again !! I should have invested in a truck . 
Look back and thank God . Look forward and trust God . Look around and serve God . Look within and find God ! God closes doors no man can open and God opens doors no man can close . If you need God to open some doors for you ... Repost . 
I've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . 
You may not end up where you thought you'd be , but you will always end up exactly where you're meant to be . 
“Southern girls are God's gift to the entire male population . There is absolutely no woman finer than one raised below the mason-dixon line , and once you go southern may the good Lord help you , you never go back . ” ~ Kenny Chesney 
The most important thing in life is to find yourself . Know who you are at all times & stand by that for the rest of your life . 
Take your time , Don't live too fast . Troubles will come , & they will pass . Don't you worry , You'll find yourself . Follow your heart & nothing else .. 
is a very happy girl !! =) So many blessings in my life , so much to be thankful for !! 
If you have a best friend that will drop everything for you , be there for you through thick and thin , still love you when you mess up , and still love you for all your faults , copy and paste this to your status . I thank you ... You know who you are 
\Hearts will never be practical until they are made unbreakable\ " ~ Wizard of Oz " 
is ready for sundresses and flip flops !!! 
is enjoying my week free of classes !! Off to the gym then heading back here to do some cleaning and relaxing !! 
< PROPFEMALE > kicks so much butt !! She should definitely be the next American Idol !! 
The fate of your heart is your choice , and noone else gets to vote 
It's raining and the sun is shining , where is my rainbow ??? 
is watching \Something to Talk About\ " and studying ! I LOVE this movie !!! " 
So how do you wait for Heaven , and who has that much time ? And how do you keep your feet on the ground when you know that you were born to fly .. 
is heading to NYC in the morning !! Please keep me in your prayers for a safe trip !! 
I got the job !!! I really can't believe it , I am < PROPFEMALE > BLESSED !!!!! 
is extremely upset that the hail just put a dent in my car !! 
Only one month until graduation !!!! 
I am too positive to be doubtful , too optimistic to be fearful , & too determined to be defeated ! 
Trust in the Lord with all your heart , and < PROPFEMALE > not on your own understanding . 
is off to work then heading to the beach for a few days !!! 
' Cause I heard Jesus he drank wine , and I bet we'd get along just fine . He could calm a storm and heal the blind , and I bet he'd understand a heart like mine . 
According to a recent survey , men say the first thing they notice about a woman is their eyes , and women say the first thing they notice about men is they're a bunch of liars . 
Shania Twain is < PROPFEMALE > beautiful !! I can only pray I look that good when I'm in my 40's!!! 
just finished watching one of my favorite movies ever , Sweet Home Alabama !! Now back to studying ! Only two more finals left . 
just finished my very last final !! T minus 2 days until graduation !!! 
is officially an ALUMNI !! Couldn't have asked for better weather !! Now grilling out with some family and friends !! 
Everyone tells you that you have to fight to get what you want in life , but what they don't tell you is how hard you have to fight to keep it 
Count your blessings by thinking of those whom you love . 
Could we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars ? I could really use a wish right now 
loves thunderstorms !!! 
Well you do what you do and you pay for your sins , and there's no such thing as what might have been ... that's a waste of time , drive you out of your mind . 
is ready for a great weekend including a bridal shower for Lynnsey Sutphin and a baby shower for Tiffannie Branch ! Can't wait to see my ladies !! 
Just got back from dinner with some of my favorite people in the world !!! I love everyone at the bank so much , I am really going to miss them !!! 
is ready to watch the CMT Awards , it's gonna be AmAzInG !!! 
Happy Birthday to my girl , < PROPFEMALE > Stump !! I love you !!! =) 
Is anyone else excited about Toy Story 3 ?? I know I am !! 
is ready to watch True Blood tonight !!! 
Lookin ' back at the moments black and white , I wouldn't change a thing that changed my life . For the worse , for the better , man I was gone .. gone forever . The laughs , the smiles , the trials , the tears .. it's hard to hate what got me here . 
is at < PROPMALE > and Busters and having a blast !!! 
How people treat you is their < PROPFEMALE > ; how you react is yours . Definitely not gonna let two-faced people get me down , I have way too much to be thankful for !! =) 
If it's easy , then it's not worth it 
Don’t you let regret take place of the dreams you have to < PROPMALE > . You might fall down on your face , roll the dice and have some faith . 
Heading to DC tomorrow , so excited !! 
Success means having the courage , the determination , and the will to become the person you believe you were mean't to be 
But the struggles make you stronger , && the changes make you wise , && happiness has its own way of taking its sweet time .. 
T-minus one week until < PROPFEMALE > UNDERWOOD !!!! 
Way to go Hokies !! 
These 4 days weekends are really spoiling me ! 
Thanks to everyone for the kind birthday messages !! I am truly blessed with amazing friends and family who made my birthday very special ! 
is getting ready to go bowling with friends ! Gonna be a fun night ! 
is experimenting in the kitchen tonight !! Crab croissants and crostinis ! 
I love wearing jeans to work on Fridays ! 
is topping off the weekend with a bowl of Chili and two straight hours of How I Met Your Mother ! 
Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get , but if you work really hard and you're kind , amazing things will happen . 
is working from home today ! 
is at the Capitals game in DC and having a blast ! 
is taking advantage of my day off to start some early spring cleaning ! 
is ready for a 4 day weekend and < PROPMALE > Paisley !!! 
