Rolll Tide Roll ! Show The Big 10 boys how football is REALLY played !! 

42-0 !! ROLL TIDE !! 
< PROPFEMALE > bound ... 
Let us not become weary in doing good , for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up . Therefore , as we have opportunity , let us do good to all people , especially to those who belong to the family of believers . 
loves all the cold weather !! 
Had a great day and ready for the week . 
Should I , or shouldn't I .... That is the question ! 
Thanks so much to my friend < PROPFEMALE > , who thinks I can do anything I put my mind to :-) 
It is the weekend ! YAAAAAAYYYYYYY !!!! 
May the friendships you make be those which endure and all of your Grey clouds be small ones for sure . And trusting in Him to Whom we all pray , may a song fill your heart every step of the way . 
Work , work , work , oh .... and work !!! That seems to be ALL I do ... Can't wait though because its off to D.C. I go !!! 
Is looking forward to spending time tonight with Sloan . Today is his birthday . 12 years old !!! My how time flies !!! 
is not looking forward to working late tonight . YUCK !!! 
just got done working out at the gym . 
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent ... - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Really , really dislikes people that can not tell the truth ! 
can't wait to go < PROPFEMALE > out with friends tonight and let my hair down a bit !! 
Is tired ! 
is < PROPFEMALE > glad that today is Friday !!! Can't wait till 5pm !!!! 
Best feeling in the whole wide world is seeing your son come through the front door with a huge grin on his face and smelling like a boy after a hard days play ! Oh to be a kid again ! 
U can argue with family one minute and 10 minutes later , all is forgiven ! I love my family ! 
God is good ! 
nothing like looney tunes at 1am to lighten the soul . i love my little man . 
another sleepless night 
Watch your thoughts , for they become words . Watch your words , for they become actions . Watch your actions , for they become habits . Watch your habits , for they become character . Watch your character , for it becomes your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Loves thunderstorms when the sun is shining ! 
STRESSED !!!!!! Can't wait to get this day over with ! 
hottttttttttttttttttttttttt 
is soooo excited and happy !!! Got to talk to old friends across the world that I never thought I would talk to again !!! 
Stress free !!! Got my report in ! Yaaayyy !!! So glad that's over :-) 
is < PROPFEMALE > excited abt going out on a boat tomorrow 
hangin out with my baybay . played the wii and now are watchin < PROPMALE > potter . life is grand1 
Is so ready for football to begin ! 
Is totally going to write a book !!! 
Nagoya for lunch ..... YUMMY !! 
Its freakin HOTTTTTTT ! 
Sloan starts his new school today . I'm a little worried , so say a prayer for me and him . Of course , he doesn't know how worried I am . Guess that part never goes away for a mom . 
Does anyone know what today is ? Today is my daddy's birthday . Happy Birthday Daddy ! I miss u sooo much and I can't wait to see you again !! 
loved watching that tide roll 
Ok , so I just saw someone wearing a bright pink bubble dress . Um yeah , can I just say that I am totally not a fan ! Not feeling the bubble dress thing AT ALL ! Just throwin that out there . 
What a beautiful day ! I will rejoice and be glad in it . Thank u God , for all the many blessings u have given me ! Life is good !!!! 
Let's go Bama ! Rolll Tide Roll !!! 
That's what I'm talkin about ! Roll Tide Roll ! And I bet y'all were thinking Bama isn't going to win . Watch and learn , watch and learn ! 
What a bunch of BULL ! That was totally a bad call ! 
And that , Ladies and Gentlemen , is why Bama is #1 ! Roll Tide Roll !!! 
About to hit the hay . Got the windows open , slight breeze with the song of a wind chime playing . Content in all aspects of life ! So peaceful ! 
Thistle & Shamrock Show ( celtic music ) , wind chimes blowing in the breeze , beautiful sunset , & spending time with my son , makes for a wonderful Sunday afternoon ! 
Ok , so is it completely sad that I really like Glee ? I'm totally down with all the singing ! 
“Kindness in words creates confidence . Kindness in thinking creates profoundness . Kindness in giving creates love . ” -Lao-Tzu 
ROLL TIDE ROLL !!!! South < PROPFEMALE > doesn't have a < PROPMALE > !!!! 
OMG ! I think hell has frozen over ! GA actually won a game ! Although , it is just TN , so does it really count ??? 
Ok , now it's time for some REAL football ! Come on Bama , show em how it's done ! ROLL TIDE ROLL !! 
I will live to < PROPFEMALE > your compassion . To love a world that's broken . I will give with the life that I've been given . 
OMG ! Sloan has now grown out of boys shoes ... he is now wearing shoes from the mens department ! My baby isn't a baby anymore , and I'm being reminded of that more and more these days ! I'm getting old :-( 
Yaayyy FRIDAY :-) 
I love being a mom ! Sloan is the best thing that has ever happened to me and the reason for all I do ! He will never know how much he means to me . He is awesome and keeps me laughing :-) I'm glad God gave him to me ! I'm just sayin ... 
I am thankful for the opportunities that God has given me , and for my wonderful son ! I also give thanks for friends & family that love and accept me for who I am , and are my support , through thick and thin ! HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE :-) 
OMG ! CAN IT BE ? AM I REALLY LEAVING WORK BEFORE 8PM ?! I totally forgot what it felt like ! 
spider pig .. spider pig . does whatever a spider pig does . can he swing from a branch ... no he cant cause hes a pig ... look ouutt ... here comes spider pig1 thats the song stuck in my head right now ... thanks < PROPMALE > simpson . hahaha 
Roll Tide Roll ! Gonna be a good game ! 
Christmas socks so my toes stay warm and toasty , fire going so my house stays warm and cozy , < PROPMALE > on the tv ..... Life is good :-) 
Somethings wrong with my fb . If u aren't able to write on my wall , sorry . Please don't take offen , I'm trying to fix it . 
Ok everybody , simmer down now ! LOL ! My fb < PROPFEMALE > is fixed . I'm sorry about that . Not sure what happened . Thank you to everyone that messaged me ! I love all of you very much ! You are greatest friends and family a person could ever have !!!!!!!!!! ;-) 
Lunch with my Uncle < PROPFIRST > @ Burgers & Blues . Yummy !! 
Hey y'all! Stating the obvious here , but its cold outside ! No worries though , cause we have a cozy fire going and are decorating the tree ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas y'all :-) 
\Wah wah wawah wah wah\ " - teacher from < PROPFIRST > Brown . " 
Went to check on sloany , he was sleeping of course , and for a second , I saw the baby that once was . But then I looked again , and saw the man that he is slowly becoming ! He was a wonderful baby , then a wonderful child , and I know , beyond the shadow of a doubt , he will be a wonderful man ! I am glad God gave him to me ! 
One of these days , one of these days ..... 
FINALLY a day off ! Cozied up on the coach with rain outside and old movies on the tv ! Relaxation , I almost forgot what it was like ! Thank goodness for the simple things :-) 
Sleepless ... 
Takes great comfort in knowing God has blessed me with friends & family that are willing to rally around me & lift me up , when I so stupidly let perpetrators in , and take advantage of my giving spirit . No worries though , it takes a lot more to break my spirit ! Thanks y'all , for being true to me and thanks God ! Love- Me 
I don't know what I would do without my Sloany ! He is going to be a wonderful man ! He reaches out and rubs my back , reassuring me that everything is going to be ok . I am so glad God gave him to me ! He is the best gift that has ever been given to me . EVER !!!! 
Chicago bound baby ! Outta here for the next 2 weeks ! I will miss my Sloany tho . 
Ok , I'm taking a consciences ..... my flight leaves at 4pm , how early should I get to the airport ... remember y'all , its the < PROPMALE > MS Airport . 
My cab driver just asked if I wanted a drink of his Pepsi .... um let me think ....... uh how about .. NO ! what tha ??!! ha ! 
Had dinner at the White Chocolate Grill .... very tasty ! 
Havin a great night out on the town in Naperville , IL ! 
Ok , so here's how my day went ... I woke up @ 630am , to jump in the shower , & get ready for my day . The shower was nice and hot , and very relaxing , so I stayed in longer than usual . I get out of the shower , and within seconds , the fire alarm in the hotel goes off ... I think to myself , \surely they are not doing a fire drill @ 7am !! " 
< PROPFEMALE > ready to go home ! 
Sooo ready to get on the plane already ! Ready to be home NOW !!!! 
Ahhhh ! IT'S GOOD TO BE HOME ! 
Whew ! Party done , now just 3 boys hanging out playing xbox ..... quiet time for mom ! 
What a great day for a parade ! 
Sleepless ..... 
What an absolutely gorgeous day ! Sunshine .. check , sunglasses .. check , Windows rolled down .. check , good music playin .. check .... God is good , and so is life !! ;) 
Whew !! Science project is done ! Man , 7th grade is tough ! I can't wait to make it to the 8th ! Haha ! 
Traffic and people that don't know when to go ... especially when it is their turn , makes me a not so happy camper ! Grrr .... just sayin ! 
