LOST DOG : Please keep your eyes out for my neighbors dog . It is a fat grey Schnauzer with a blue collar and blue harness ( no tags ) . He jumped out of the car at Tudor's 14th st drive thru . It's possible a car that drove off behind him took him but we are uncertain . 

Ok , it looks like I may have a name for my business . What do you guys think of \Soul Expressions Photography ? \ " Be honest . I chose this because each picture I take is an expression of that persons soul . A reflection if you will . It won't hurt my feeling " 
is working on my website . Uploading more pics and trying to figure this thing out . 
is ordering her business cards and all kinds of cool business stuff . :) I have my logo but not my company message . :( I'm so OCD I can't decide on one unless I believe it is perfect .. lol 
We're going to dinner and then to see \The Hangover\ " again . That is the funniest movie I've seen in a long time ! Everyone have a great evening . " 
Setting up your own business is a lot of work ! But , I love it . Just wish I had more time and could make up my mind quicker on things ! Hope all you dads are having a great day and that includes doggy dads ! 
Going to Tascali's for lunch and will probably get soaked ! 
I am now an official business ! I have my license ! Now , if I could just get everything finished so I can start shooting . 
I hate cleaning house . I would hire a maid but I'd have to clean before she got here ! lol 
Someday might website will be done . But for now I'm going to bed . 
Why is it every time you try to get on the computer the cat decides it has to be ON the computer as well ? 
Someone just got hit by a car in the Post Office parking lot across the street !! 
just broke a tooth ! Thankfully , it's a molar but it is going to drive me crazy until Monday . Why can you not keep your tongue away from it !!!! 
working on my website .... again ! 
is so excited . I just found 2 rolls of unprocessed film I took a few years ago with my Minolta SLR ! I can't wait to see what's on them ! 
very tired and haven't accomplished enough today . I would like to know why my dogs can live through a thunderstorm but the second the power goes out they freak out ! I was up until 3 am until the power was restored because the dogs needed reassured the 
is excited . Getting new furniture tomorrow ! 
I need your help !! I have a kitten that's less than a week old that needs a < PROPMALE > mommy cat . If you know of anyone that has a cat with kittens that would allow another one to nurse please please please let me know ! Thanks ! 
Update ... The little kitten had to be put down this morning . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > will be in tomorrow !! The it's off to Blackwater Falls and Moundsville . Three girls on a weekend retreat ! Woo hoo ! I just hope I feel better . :( 
BTW , the film I found was from Christmas 4 years ago !! They had pictures of my grandmother that died this past February . 
Getting ready to leave and pickk up < PROPFEMALE > then head to Charleston to pick up < PROPFEMALE > from the airport . Then it's girls weekend ! 
Had a great time with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! However , they do NOT like my taste in music .. lol Too bad it's work tomorrow . :( I had a sweet tea intervention on our way home . I will be having D . T . ' s tomorrow ! I was informed by my lovely friends that I was h 
is feeling better . I've been sick all day . :( 
is determined to get in shape and win the battle of the sexiest .. Arlene and < PROPFEMALE > ! haha 
I just found out my neighbor died . The father of < PROPFIRST > Reger , < PROPFIRST > Reger . The funeral home just picked him up . So very sad . He was a good man . 
I just spoke to < PROPFEMALE > Reger and they all need our prayers . They have lost a wonderful husband , father and grandfather and to me the best neighbor anyone could ask for . I feel like part of my family has died . We have been neighbors for 26 years . He 
funeral home later and then if time to the hospital to see mom . 
What a day ! < PROPMALE>'s mom fell and broke her foot . It's only a fracture thank goodness . But , she informed me that she's been falling a lot lately . Pray we can talk some sense into her and she lets us get her Life Alert . She had to crawl to the phone because she couldn't get up by herself . I had to call an ambulance to even get her to the hospital . She wouldn't stay with us tonight , she insisted she go home . 
Editing pictures . I wish I had all day to work on photos . 
I really need a larger hard drive . I have too many pics . At last count it was over 10,000 ! 
Posting more pics ! 
Thanks for all the great photo comments every one . And for those of you that asked , my camera is a Sony < PROPFEMALE > digital SLR and I also use a Minolta 35mm SLR film camera . Good night everyone . I'm off to watch Ghost Hunters ! 
\The wise man knows that it is better to sit on the banks of a remote mountain stream than to be emperor of the whole world . \ " --- Zhuan Tzi " 
Doing a photo shoot tonight . Should be fun ! 
I hope everyone has a beautiful day and to those always living for the weekend , live in the now and savor every moment , even if it's a bad one because it's those moments we wish away that we will soon miss and wish we could get back . Live simply , Speak Kindly , Care deeply and Love generously for life is too short . 
Working on photos of the shoot last night ! 
I posted more photos of the girls . Still working on some . I'm playing , so it's taking longer .. lol 
Ok , I am finally finished uploading the photos of < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I had two beautiful models which made the pictures so much better . :) Thanks girls ! 
Heading to Outback with my handsome husband . 
Sitting here listenting to < PROPFIRST > Wilder as < PROPMALE > Wonka . The Oompa Loompa's are on now ! lol < PROPMALE>'s favorite movie . 
Come and live with me in peace , away from all the Wangdoodles and Hornswagglers and Snozwangers and rotten vermicious kanids (?) All questions must be submitted in writing . 
has insomnia ! 
Ready to shoot some more ! I'm very pleased with the photos from the last shoot . I'm finally doing what I love and it feels great ! It doesn't matter how much money I make or if I suceed at all . It makes me truly happy and that's what it's all about . It's funny how you put off things because of fear of failing but , when if it's truly your passion , you never fail . 
I know I'm a little late but , I will be taking appointments for senior portraits beginning tomorrow . I have had several requests and of course , always thinking about the fun part but not the business part , I had not come up with pricing . So , if anyone is interested , I will have pricing up tomorrow evening . If you would then like to schedule , call me or send me an email . My cell is 417-1489 . Thanks ! 
I have such a wide range of friends ... intellectual , spiritual , philosophical , and many more . I think I like the crazy ones the best of all ! They are more fun and make me look sane ! Well , nothing can make me look sane .... hahaha Love you guys and you know who you are ! Good night all ! 
Does anyone need or know of someone that needs a par t-t ime job with the possibility of becoming full-time ? It's for insurance verification , patient reminder calls and insurance billing back up . We need someone with billing experience . 
I posted Senior portrait rates in my Notes section . I'm out for the night . Goodnight all . Sweet dreams . 
I just got the cutest phone call from my niece . They have started going to church and she didn't want to go to Sunday school because they treat her like a child ( she's 12 ) . lol Anyway , she is going to church tomorrow night and she's helping in class but , before hand they are going to Hawk's Nest . She wanted to know if she could come down after church and she me the pictures she takes and if I like them , maybe I 
Busy , busy , busy ! Had to get a daily planner to keep up with it all . Scheduling appointments , working on the website , business cards , flyers and brochures . So much fun !!! 
I have a big favor guys !! I told my niece I posted her pictures on my facebook and she wants to see what people say . Pleeeaassssee comment on her pictures so she can see it . She needs this esteem booster so bad . She's had a bad first 12 years and we've struggled to keep her from being so depressed . It would be great if she could see a lot of comments . Thanks so much ! 
Little Victories No-Kill Animal Shelter is having a Pancake and Sausage breakfast fundraiser this Saturday August 22nd at < PROPFIRST > D's at Pullman Square from 8am to 10am . The cost is $5 a person and I will be one of the volunteers serving . Come out , have breakfast and support Little Victories so that they may save many more lives . They spent tens of thousands of dollars last year on vet bills alone . See you there ! 
Thanks to everyone that commented on my niece's pictures . I read them all to her and she was so excited and very proud of herself . This was a huge esteem booster . She's talking about spending every other weekend with me just so we can do picture stuff ! She can't wait until Christmas to see what I'm getting her . Just 2 months ago she quit hanging out with me because I was \too girly . \ " Now she wants me to take " 
Went to the ENT and the left side of my thyroid is enlarged . I have to have an ultrasound . I have no idea what this could mean . Anyone ? 
Going out on the deck to try to photograph the hummingbirds . The only problem is I haven't seen very many this year . :( 
Well , been outside for an hour . Not seen one hummingbird . Photographed a lot of \stuff\ " around the yard . Was doing pretty good until the mosquitos tried to < PROPFEMALE > me off . I have sprayed two different mosquito's sprays on me and they are freakin immune ! They just keep coming at me ! Going to try this again . I'm taking hairspray with me ! " 
I hope to see everyone at < PROPFIRST > D's this morning from 8 - 10 for the Little Victories No-Kill Animal Shelter Pancake Breakfast fundraiser . The cost is just $5 for a great Pancakes and sausage breakfast . Please help support them so they can save more lives . 
The breakfast was great and we raised a lot of money . 
Giving the dogs a bath . One down , two to go ! With all the rain this year all I do is give dogs a bath . I keep battling the wet dog smell . 
I posted new pictures of the stray kitten I found several weeks ago . It looks like he's staying . :) He is so cute and hyper ! We still haven't decided on a name . A few we've thought about are < PROPFIRST > Gogh and Evander ( Holyfield ) . lol 
has never been to Fat < PROPFEMALE>'s and is curious now since everyone seems to go . 
Taking my niece to get her hair cut and then dinner with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ! Yay ! 
Just had the nicest thing happen ! The woman in front of me at the drive-thru paid for my breakfast and said to tell me to have a great day ! So nice ! And I Will !! 
< PROPMALE > and I are day-trippin ' . We're going to Twin Falls and where ever the winding roads of WV decide to take us . But first , IHOP !!! Can't get on the road without pancakes in my tummy ! 
Allergies are kicking my butt ! I knew when I went hiking through the woods I would pay but , it was worth it . 
I hope today is a calm one . The phones have rang off the hook all week . It's definitely obvious this is a full < PROPFEMALE > week ! 
Bejeweled sucks ! I want to throw my computer out the door ! lol 
Enjoying the three day weekend . Really wish we could have gone camping . We haven't been once this year . It rained too much for most of it . Hopefully we can camp next weekend . 
Is home early due to a hardware failure at work which has caused us to not have computers . We have not had a computer system since late Thursday afternoon . It's impossible to work with out one in this glorious computer age ! 
has the flu 
I am finally beginning to feel better but still not great . Thanks for the well wishes . Because of the medicine I take for Fibro I am unable to take a cough suppressant or decongestant which only made things worse . Still fighting a slight fever , day 4 ! 
Nothing like trying to get over the flu and your cat comes in and pukes up something unrecognizable that was alive just a few minutes before . Needless to say I threw up after she did . Stupid cats ! 
Not sleepy . And the city should be here bright and early at 6 am to start paving our road . Yippee ! NOT ! And for those of you that drive my road PLEASE SLOW DOWN !!!! The women are actually worse than the men ! I'm about to take matters into my own hands . I watch kids almost get hit on a daily basis and I'm not going to sit by and watch , especially now . It will surely be a drag strip with the new pavement . 
Anaïs Nin : “And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a < PROPMALE > was more painful than the risk it took to blossom” ( Thanks to < PROPFEMALE > Hamann for posting ) 
Hates being sick and is dreading going back to work tomorrow . 
For those of you who live in Westmoreland ..... Is anyone interested in having more community activities ? For example , Halloween block parties , parades , community sharing ( produce from your abundant gardens ) , walk-a-thons ( which could benefit our schools ! ) , litter cleanup and beautification projects , finger-printing for the children and much more . If so , let me know because I would love to get this started ! 
Message from Facebook .... THE FAN CHECK APPLICATION IS A BAD VIRUS THAT TAKES 48HRS TO KICK IN !!!! EVEN IF YOU ARE TAGGED IN A PHOTO THE VIRUS STILL GETS TO YOU !!! PLEASE INFORM ALL YOUR FRIENDS AND REMOVE/DELETE IT ASAP !...!! Copy & paste and warn your friends ! 
Ok , I really need to get my arse to bed , long day tomorrow and I'm still not 100% . Goodnight all . Sweet dreams . And Westmoreland people .. be sure to read my note about community activities !! Even if you can't participate in meetings at least respond with a thumbs up if you like it , please . 
blah .. 
Watching Biggest Loser . I love this show . It's the only reality TV I watch . These people have a strong will and determination . Poor girl was life flighted to the hospital though . :( 
Bawled like a baby while watching Biggest Loser . 
For many people a job is more than an income – it's an important part of who we are . So a career transition of any sort is one of the most unsettling experiences you can face in your life . 
For all my family . Aunt < PROPFEMALE > is in the hospital . She's had a heart attack and they are transferring her to St < PROPFIRST>'s to put in 3 stints . Everyone please pray for her and the doctor's who are doing the procedure . 
Going to dinner with my handsome husband . :) 
< PROPMALE > is taking me to the Balloon Festival in Louisville Ky this weekend for our anniversary !! I'm so excited !!!!!!!!! 
The Balloon Festival was awesome ! Pics later . 
Everyone needs to check out my new website and my pics from the Balloon Festival . :) Also , for those of you that wanted fall pictures , you need to schedule soon . I have limited days available and I am going to be out of town for one week on vacation . Send me an email or give me a call . 304-417-1489 . Thanks ! 
\In the end these thingsmatter most : How well did you love ? How fully did you love ? How deeply did you learn to let go ? \ " ~ Buddha I hope everyone has a beautiful day filled with love . :) " 
So excited . < PROPMALE > and I are going to Williamsburg in a few weeks for vacation and on the way home we are going to < PROPMALE > , WV to the Insane Asylum and do the Halloween tour !! Woo hoo !! 
To everyone that has done a farm town or Island Paradise request . I'm not doing either of them anymore because they gave my computer viruses . My virus software went nuts when I started playing them . Sorry ! I don't have enough time to play games anyway . 
on my way to Hawk's Nest , Lewisburg , Babcock and Thurmond with my friend < PROPFEMALE > !!! I hope the trees are pretty . It's not peak yet . :( But , it's the only time I could go . Everyone have a beautiful day ! 
Thanks to everyone that left comments on my new photos ! 
For those of you that wanted Fall pictures , time is running out . I am on vacation all next week . If you still want to schedule I only have the last week of October left . Email me or call me 304-417-1489 . 
On our way to Williamsburg , DC and < PROPMALE > ! Everyone have a great week . I won't be online . I love my friends and neighbors who house sit and take care of my dogs and cats so we can take a vacation . 
This is for a friend , just recently diagnosed with breast cancer . We are here for you always . May God heal me , body and soul . May my pain cease , May my strength increase , May my fears be released , May blessings , love , and joy surround me . Amen . 
Excited about the Madden's party tonight ! 
Had a fun photo shoot today . Beautiful weather ! 
Congratulations to my wonderful husband for finally taking his Master Electrician's license and passing with a 91 ! Yay !!! 
It really sucks when you're only 41 and you have to take hormone replacements . :( I am going with biodentical though . Anyone else have to start this early or use biodentical ? 
Have had a very stressful day . Saw a new Dr. about all the problems I'm having because I wasn't getting anywhere with the others . I'm trying not worry but , more tests are being ordered and some possible diagnosis were mentioned that are not good . I'm so tired of it all and I'm losing hope . Please pray for me . I need it right now . 
Nothing like having a Stress Test at 6:15 in the morning on your day off ! 
It's a beautiful day ! Stress test came back great ! Now I'm making my Christmas list ... let's see , so far I have Laptop computer , new camera lens , reflectors , lighting , backdrops ... Love you < PROPMALE > !! lol 
Painting an old kitchen hutch today that < PROPMALE > fixed for me that was ready for the trash heap when I hauled it home . He loves when I do that ! lol 
I just ordered some really cool digital backgrounds from Ebay . Now , I just hope when they get here I know how to use them .. lol 
I tried to take a nice relaxing hot bath with my new bubble bath , except I should have locked the kitten out of the bathroom . He attacked the bubbles , ate the bubbles , attacked my toes , and almost fell in . So much for the relaxation . I did get a good laugh though . 
Good night all . Sweet dreams . And for those of you still up , I need to select a paint color for my hutch and I'm torn between Apple Green with a black glaze or Tomato Red with a black glaze . My kitchen is light blue with white cabinets . Any suggestions ? I have to buy paint tomorrow ! Night ! 
\Everything you do right now ripples outward and affects everyone . Your posture can shine your heart or transmit anxiety . Your breath can radiate love or muddy the room in depression . Your glance can awaken joy . Your words can inspire freedom . Your every act can open hearts and minds . \ " ~ ~ David Deida " 
I am unfortunately putting my photography business on hold . For those of you that still wanted pictures , I'm really sorry . I am just not able to do it right now . Hopefully I will be able to again soon . 
Time to make the donuts ! 
When doing your holiday cards , take one and send it to this address : A Recovering American Soldier c/o < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Army Medical Center 6900 < PROPFEMALE > Avenue NW Washington , D.C. 20307-5001 . If everyone does so , think of how many cards these wonderful , special people will get . COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR WALL IF YOU AGREE !! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone . 
I discovered this morning that I am more claustrophobic than previously thought . 
It's 30 degrees and my stupid neighbor is washing his car !!!!!!! There's never a dull moment . 
I have to put one of my < PROPFEMALE>'s down today and it sucks . :( 
Have had the day from hell . Came home to a ransacked house all most of our stuff stolen , including our Christmas presents . I'm sick and scared . 
Thanks to wonderful family and friends who have stepped up to offer prayer and help replace some of the things lost . It truly makes you realize what the season is really about . I love all of you . 
Our security system is being installed today !! Now it will be a better Christmas because we can sleep well again . Thanks to < PROPFIRST > Thompson . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ryone !! I am very blessed this Holiday more than < PROPFEMALE > r because I have the most amazing friends and co-workers and the best husband in the world . 
Happy New Year everyone ! Please be safe . Here is hoping that 2010 is better than ever ! I love you all . 
I really miss my camera . :( It's such a pretty snow and I can't take pictures . 
It's WAYBACK WEEK !!!!!! RETRO RETRO Change your profile pic to a picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this and share in the fun . 
I loved my phone at the dinner table because I'm sexy and I can do what I want ! 
Had a great time at < PROPMALE>'s tonight honoring a co-worker/friend . 
Trying to decide on a camera to replace the one that was stolen is driving me nuts !! Of course , what I REALLY want I can't afford . I have finally decided on the Nikon D90 but I'm still stuck on which lenses ... grrr ! Information overload !! I've learned that reviews suck mostly . One review says it's awesome , the other says it's the worst lens ever . 
Spending time with my niece today . Lunch , shopping and the movie Avatar . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I had a great day shopping and seeing Avatar . It's been so great we decided to keep it going and she's spending the night . Downloading itunes right now and later pizza and some tv . And she didn't even act like a bratty teen at all today !!! I know ... it's a miracle . 
Getting ready to spend some time with my three amazing friends . Mexican for lunch and then going to the pottery place to make some pottery !!! 
Had a great day with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Had ice cream shoved up my nose and made a coffee mug for < PROPMALE > , and got to see some newbies .. lol ;) Doesn't get any better ! Thanks for a great day girlies !! 
< PROPMALE > thinks I look like Megyn Price . I don't see it . 
Love the snow , it's so beautiful and peaceful . Staying in today and watching movies with a < PROPFEMALE > cat snoozing on me . 
I wanted to share something with everyone in case there are others out there that I can help . I'll make it short . I have suffered from chronic back pain for more than 3 years . I couldn't walk from one end of the mall to the other without lower back spasms . I had trouble sitting for long periods of time and doing regular housework because it would cause horrible back pain . 
Just ordered a $10 pizza from pizza hut ! yay for not cooking ! 
Fun game : Go to Urbandictionary.com and type your first name and repost this with what your definition is . Mine is ...... 
My new camera will be here Friday !!!!! I'm having withdrawl !!! 
Meeting with my personal trainer for the first time this evening at the Y . Pray that I can move tomorrow ! lol The only thing I'm looking forward to is the swimming pool and the steam room ..... ahhhh ! 
I can already feel the pain ...... 
Off to the Y !! 
*)(& (^* %^%$^ Ouchy ! 
MY NEW CAMERA IS HERE AND IT'S AWESOME !!!!!!!!!! I'M SO EXCITED !!!!!!!!!!! HURRY UP AND CHARGE BATTERY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Sitting here waiting on Nascar to start . Yay !! I wish it would have snowed more here . I love snow ! 
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone !! I've had a great day and now it's time for some Football !!! 
I had a wonderful birthday and it was made even better by everyone's birthday wishes . Thanks everyone for making my day even more special ! I love you all ! 
Ok , I finally have the new facebook layout and see why everyone is griping , this sucks . 
Just got home from my workout at the Y . I'm beat ! 
So excited !! Our Beach house is booked for August !! Woo hoo !! The beach sounds great right now , especially today ! Wind chill of 0 degrees !! 
Just back from my workout at the Y . Feeling pretty good !! I impressed myself .. lol 
Night out with my wonderful husband to Outback for dinner and I bought some new gym shoes !! Workout in the morning !!!! Goodnight all ! 
Worked out at the Y this morning and have been at mom's all day scanning pictures . I was such a cute child .. lol 
Happy Valentines day everyone . To my family : I have posted more pictures !!! Some are real oldies ! 
Not feeling well . Had to skip the Y tonight . :( Watching the beautiful snow fall . 
blah ! 
I called Mother Nature and said WTF ! 
Yesterday I was at my local COSTCO buying a large bag of Purinadog chow for my loyal pet , Biscuit , the Wonder Dog and was in thecheckout line when woman behind me asked if I had a dog . What did she think I had , an elephant ? So since I'm retired and have little to do , on impulse I told her that no , I didn't have a dog , I was starting the Purina Diet again . 
It's past my bedtime . Goodnight all . :O ) 
For all of you with AT&T cell service , I just heard on the news that cell service is down in several states . 
Had an awesome workout tonight at the gym ! Yay ! 
Papa < PROPFIRST>'s is awesome . 
Watching Ghost Adventures . I LOVE this show . 
My cell phone is dead and I can't find my charger . :( 
Just had a nice dinner out with my sweatheart . :) I love that man . Oh , and don't tell Dwain ... hehehe ;) 
I just saved $72 at the grocery store with Kroger card savings , Kroger coupons , electronic coupons and paper coupons . I rock !! 
Going to the gym ! 
Today , I will be who I am . If I'm not yet certain who I am , I will affirm that I have a right to that exciting discovery ! 
Water heater broke and poor < PROPMALE > has been all day removing it and installing the new one . No laundry done and no shower . :( 
OH ! Guess what ? Verizon didn't call me back today , therefore my desktop still has no internet access ! 
Going to the gym ! This exercise things sucks and to make matters worse , my sister brought my Girl Scout cookies today and I can't eat them ! waaa ! 
Bought a new age defying bra last night . The twins look GREAT but for some reason my neck is all wrinkly !? 
Had a great day with my niece and then had a great evening with her , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . We saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland 3D and had a nice dinner . My choice of music made the ride home fantastic though ! hahaha Right < PROPFEMALE > ?! Ceeeeeelebrate good times ... C'mon! 
\Life is not easy for any of us . But what of that ? We must have perseverance and above all confidence in ourselves . We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained . \ " – < PROPFEMALE > Curie " 
Please say prayers for our friends that had their home destroyed by fire last night . They lost everything and even one of their beloved cats . 
Leaving for Busch Gardens in the morning with < PROPFEMALE > and my niece ! Thanks to wonderful friends for house sitting and doggy sitting . 
Busch Gardens , day 1 , check ! I love the roller coasters !!!!! Very tired though and was only there 4 hours . :( Back to ride more tomorrow ! 
Praying for the miners and their families . so tragic . 
Home with a very sick doggy . Vet appointment at 11:00 . I'm not sure what is wrong with her and I'm really worried . :( 
Just got home from the vet and I had to leave my baby there . She is very , very sick and they don't know why . All of her levels look great except for her white count . It is about off the charts it's so high . They have her on IV fluids , antibiotics and pain medicine while they try to figure out what is wrong . She has to stay through the weekend . :( I'm so upset and she looked so pitiful when we had to leave her . 
Please pray for my dog . The vet just called and she's doing worse . She's had a seizure and they aren't sure what is going on . She's getting worse . I don't want to lose my baby ! 
We've just come from having to put down our beloved dog < PROPFIRST > . We are truly devasted and I feel I will never recover . She was our baby and the head of the househould . It will never be the same ...... 
RIP < PROPFIRST > ... We loved you so much . You were taken too soon too quickly . I can't quit crying . 
Thanks everyone who has expressed their sympathy for the loss of our dog < PROPFIRST > . The pain is so great and the worst part is watching < PROPMALE > go through it . This was his baby and he is hurting so bad . It breaks my heart . 
Missing my little doggy so much . The other two dogs are so sad too . Their leader is gone . 
Prayers needed for my dad , please ! He's been in the ER for hours and is having trouble breathing and is very sick . They've done bloodwork and are doing a chest x-ray . He has diabetes and COPD already . My dad has to be very sick to even agree to go to the hospital . 
Dad is home , still not feeling well but doing better . We still don't know what was wrong . Thanks to everyone for all the prayers . 
So , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > is getting his 8th divorce , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > is possibly getting married for a 9th time . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are , well ... you know ... Even Newt Gingrich is on his 3rd marriage . Yet the idea of same-sex marriage is what is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? REALLY ?!? Feel free to copy and paste if you agree . ( Thanks Cam ! ) 
My neighbor is washing his car ! Always entertaining at the Dempsey house ! 
I think I finally have some answers about my health after 2 years of searching and 6 or 7 doctors . ( I've lost count ) I was given a diagnosis of Fibromyalgia and Chronic Fatigue several months ago . I've been on medications ( many of them ) for months and I continue to get worse . I joined the Y , was unable to keep going due to the fatigue and pain . 
I'm hungry ! time for some dinner . 
Uh oh ! Hubby's home and I still haven't fixed dinner .. lol Bye ! 
what do u get when you put 25 blonde's ear to ear ? A WIND TUNNEL 
love listening to the rain fall . 
Prayers going out to all our friends in Tennessee . 
WARNING ! Facebook now automatically scans your brain through your monitor . To block , go to Kitchen Cabinets remove box of Aluminum Foil . Wrap foil around your head , stay calm & breathe through your left nostril . This is a serious problem & has been confirmed by my cousin's girlfriend's neighbor's son's baby's mama and ......... her pet chihuahua . Copy and paste as your status & SAVE YOUR FRIENDS 
been home with a migraine today and after reading a few posts , it seems I'm not alone . 
Sooooo .... evidently Portsmouth Ohio is using drive by prayer to target pain clinics . Apparently if you circle the building in your car seven times while praying , it will go out of business . Hmmmm ....... 
Curve : The loveliest distance between two points . ~ Mae West 
I have updated my myspace < PROPFEMALE > for the first time in 2 years ! 
Wide awake from all the chaos . Taking the dogs for a walk is not going to help either . It's too dark to clean up tonight , will have to do first thing in the morning . This has really put a wrench in everything . Calgon , take me away ! 
I posted more pictures of the fence . What aggravates me is the police officer did not even get out of his car and he didn't look at the guys car OR check the guy out . If he would have done what he was suppose to , he would see there is no effort to stop . Not one skid < PROPFIRST > . 
Dear universe , I give up . 
Well , adjuster has been here and gone . And the cleanup has begun . There is $700 damage in materials alone . 
Oh , and top of all that , the alarm had issues and we had to call the alarm guy .. lol Is it too early to start drinking ? 
Pulled a muscle in the back of my leg cleaning up fence debris . Man am I old ! 
Vinson/Westmoreland people ... Mrs. Trilby Lynch needs our\ 
prayers ! Not sure of details right now , but I'll post when I hear \ 
them ! < PROPMALE > just got off the phone with Tucker . They have called \ 
Hospice in . 
Anyone want to go see Sex and the City with me and have a girly night ? < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > ? < PROPFEMALE > ? Every female on facebook !? Guys , you can come too but you have to wear heels . :) 
Huge storm is about to hit ! It's pouring the rain . We are never going to get this fence back up . uugghh ! 
Just copied this from < PROPFIRST>'s status . FYI for all of you traveling through Spring Valley . Spring Valley Drive closed to traffic . Large tree down across road + some of the heaviest creek flow that I have seen in quite some time out here . Overflow from golf course to the bridge . 
RIP Trilby Lynch . A wonderful person and a blessing to all who knew her . 
Well , looks like it's going to be awhile before the tree comes down . Momma < PROPFIRST > is sitting on a nest . :-\\ So , if you drive by my house and there is a dead tree and another tree right beside it , you'll know why . 
Going to dinner with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
For all my family : Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and I are in the VERY early stages of planning a family reunion for the first Saturday in August . We are hoping most of you will be able to make it . More details will follow soon . Please let me know if you think you can attend . I am in the process of looking for places to have it now . We are planning on having many fun activities and games , especially for the little ones ! 
Lol ! I am now using Pirate as my language on Facebook and it's hilarious ! ARRGG MATEY ! 
Well , time to get off my lazy butt and clean this house . 
Grr .... I have been fighting a migraine all weekend ! It's beautiful outside and I want to plant flowers . Stupid head . 
A big thank you to all of our Veterans and to those currently serving . There are many of us who appreciate the sacrifices you and your family make in order for us to live free . 
I want to thank my Uncle < PROPFIRST > for his service to our country ( Vietnam ) and my cousins who have also served and are still serving . I love you all and appreciate all of you and the sacrifices you've made . 
Busy day ! Taking a standard poodle to the vet at 11:00 for his health certificate . Back home to let him run in the yard and burn up some energy before he boards a plane at Tri-state aiport at 3:00 to fly to Mid-Atlantic Poodle rescue where he is going to be spoiled before finding the perfect home . Weeks of work went into getting this guy there and thanks to Pilots for Paws he will be on his way this afternoon !!! :) 
Just got back from the vet . We have our health certificate and are burning off some energy running around the yard and tramping through the flower beds !!! Just waiting for 3:00 and time to head to the airport ! woo hoo ! I am covered in slobber ! 
Time to take a trip to the airport ! 
The doggy is on the plane . :( I cried my eyes out . 
Going to breakfast then looking at possibly a new truck for < PROPMALE > . Later ! 
British Petroleum(BP ) rep < PROPFIRST > Prescott made a comment , “Louisiana isn’t the only place that has shrimp . ” His office phone number is ( 713)323-4093 his email is randy.prescott@bp.com Give him a call or send an email ! Tell him “BP isn’t the only place that has fuel for my car ! ” 
“Life is meaningless only if we allow it to be . Each of us has the power to give life meaning , to make our time and our bodies and our words into instruments of love and hope . ” - < PROPMALE > Head 
Waiting on my < PROPMALE > doggy to get here . We have a tough road ahead but , we she will finally learn to love again . Pictures later ! 
Trying to decide what to do today . Working in the yard is out now . Well , off to Walmart for now to buy a new harness for Houdini dog . 
The new harness worked like a charm ! 
I want to know why your own family goes out of their way to ruin anything you ever try to do !? Well , it's not going to work this time . I am tired of it . 
I'm starving ! What's for dinner ? 
To my family . My dad has decided to call people and change the date himself to July 3 . So , < PROPFEMALE > and I are done . I won't even be here then so if you want to know more , call him . 
Ok family . Without going into detail , I have decided we will still be having the family reunion on August 7th . Some of you have said you have other plans for July 3rd , just as I do . So , I'm not changing anything . We will still go ahead as planned . I hope all of you can make it . I am so excited to see everyone ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is eating in front of us ! That is a big step for this little girl ! 
Good night fb'ers . Sweet dreams ! 
More progress with < PROPFEMALE > today ! She didn't fight me as much this morning when I got her out of her kennel and she went down the steps on her own and back up on her own . Progress !! 
My desktop computer has died and I have lost all my pictures because my backup was stolen and I had been to ill to fool with backing it up online . So , I turned my computer off until I could do it . Well , it died while it was off . Has anyone had this happen , and if so did you find someone who could retrieve the pictures ? I'm so upset . 
Ok , I've been going to bed for 1/2 hour . Good night ! 
I can't wait to buy my doggie some clothes ! Yes ..... I'm one of those .. lol 
Good night all ! It's way past my bedtime . I've been looking at doggy clothes ! 
One more day until I pick up my new baby !!! Many pictures to come !! 
Picking up my new puppy in 10 hours !!! I'm never going to sleep tonight ! 
Off to < PROPMALE > World with my new baby to buy all kinds of cute doggy stuff !! 
Dogs are not our whole life , but they make our lives whole . ~ Roger Caras 
Puppy agenda for the morning . Wake up mom by biting her nose , go outside to potty and alert everyone with my barking that I am up !, attack food then teach it a lesson by eating it , chew blanket , get in trouble , chew couch , get in trouble , chew fingers , mom screamed , chew newspaper , get in trouble , bark at cat , poop in floor ( mom wasn't happy , said something about i had just been outside ... so ! ) 
Does anyone know a rental company that has SUV's that have a tow hitch ? They all say you can't tow with their vehicles . Grr ! I thought you could rent a vehicle for just about anything ! 
Nothing like be drowned in puppy kisses ! 
The beautiful sheltie I'm fostering is doing so well ! tonight she came out on the porch with us and relaxed so much she lied down with her little nose sniffing the air ! She also walked around and even passed between < PROPMALE > and I and didn't get scared . I'm so proud of her ! 
is sad . I had to my old cat down this morning . She had been ill and it was her time today . She was unresponsive this morning and her heart was going . :( RIP < PROPFEMALE > 
I have the best job ! The boss let me bring my little dog Snickers to work ! She was so good all day she gets to go back tomorrow ! We'll just call her our \Therapy dog . \ " lol " 
Going to Lexington Saturday . Anyone know good places to shop or eat ? I haven't been in forever ! 
I think my puppy is on crack tonight ! somehow I've become part of a speedway track ! 
< PROPMALE > calls ... internet not working , walk him through the steps to reset .... still not working . come home , spend 20 minutes trouble shooting , give in ..... call Verizon . Spend another 15 minutes troubleshooting . It appears the phone < PROPFIRST > isn't working because I can't get a signal . He asks me to move the phone line to another phone < PROPFIRST > . 
Snickers has had a busy day and it's shot day tomorrow . Uh oh ! Better head to bed . Big day tomorrow too . Nite ! 
Snickers had her shots today and it hasn't slowed her down much . She didn't even mind seeing the vet . He gave her treats and she allowed him to do whatever he wanted .. lol She's the best dog ! She did however get the little dog syndrome and want to take on a Doberman ! Good thing she had me there to hold her back or she could have took him ... haha 
I think the vet gave an injection of crack today ! Snickers is flying through the house like a crazy dog . < PROPMALE > now has her chasing a laser light .. lol 
Ok , time for bed . Posts are starting to disappear . I don't know if it's facebook or my eyes ! lol Nite ! 
< PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > ) is going to her new home today . < PROPFEMALE > Weir < PROPMALE > is her new mommy and will give her a wonderful home . We are meeting her in Lexington and then < PROPFEMALE > and I are going to do some shopping !!! Woo hoo !! Prayers need for a safe transfer . Transferring rescue dogs that are a flight risk is tricky . WE are very prepared but prayers will always help . 
The transfer went great ! < PROPFEMALE > did wonderful and is in her new home and doing very well !! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for giving her a wonderful new home ! 
One more day and we're off to Missouri to camp until Monday !! 
On our way to Missouri ! Me , < PROPMALE > , my niece and our little < PROPFEMALE > Snickers ! Let the adventures begin ! And don't forget to vote for Snickers through Thursday !! Thanks to < PROPFIRST > for house sitting and our neighbor for helping out ! 
pigs ears stink ! 
In INDIANA ! 
IN ILLINOIS ! 
WE'RE HERE ! LET THE FUN BEGIN ! 
FYI .... In Back to the Future , Doc sets the time clock in the DeLorean to a day twenty-five years in the future . Today is that day . July 5th , 2010 . ( reposted from a friend . ) 
The airconditioner is broken at work ! It's 80 degrees in my office . 
Does anyone know what to do when your puppy has severe separation anxiety ? I can't leave 
Attention Family : I need a head count for the reunion on the 7th of August . Please let me know if you are coming and how many there are in your immediate family that are attending . 
ATTENTION FAMILY MEMBERS : The reunion is being cancelled for lack of interest . I will be around and would love to see whomever might want to come in . We could cook out at my house . If there are a few of you who would still like to get together at my house or somewhere , send me an email . I'm really disappointed . I would love to see everyone . 
Has anyone seen any hummingbirds this year ? I put my feeder out early and usually have several but , I haven't seen or heard one this year . :( 
For all my doggie friends . Steph , I've been thinking of you all day . I hope you're doing ok . \ 
\ 
They Will Not Go Quietly(Linda Barnes)They will not go quietly , \ 
the dogs that shared our lives . \ 
In subtle ways they let us know\ 
their spirit still survives . \ 
Old habits still make us think\ 
we hear a barking at the door . \ 
Or step back when we drop\ 
a tasty morsel on the floor . 
I have a new doggy friend ! Marley loves me ...... ALOT ! Now , I just need a shower ! lol 
Allergies are killing me . :( I feel like poopy . 
Going to the laundry mat tomorrow for the first time ever ! Stupid washer has been broken for a week . The repair guy came to fix it today and has to order a part , that will take a week to get !!! grr ! Well , at least it's still under warranty . You don't realize how incovenient it is not to have these things in your life . 
Off to bed before Snickers gets her second wind and is up all night terrorizing poor Oreo ! 
Ok , it must be contagious because my niece just called me asking me if I could find her a puppy that's small like mine that she can love . She fell in love with my puppy and wants one just like her to be her best friend . Awww ! Anyone have any little puppies out there ???? I have to find her a little puppy of her own . My dog was my best friend growing up . 
Starting back at the Y tomorrow and taking my niece with me . It's hard to stay motivated when you work out really hard and eat well but still don't lose weight . Seeing the endocrinologist at the end of the month . I'm so sick of being overweight and not being able to do anything about it ! I'd like to have those days back that I couldn't gain weight even when I tried ! lol 
Ok facebook friends . I have to find a puppy for my niece . Anyone know where I can get one ? It will have to be a small dog . I have looked all over the internet and the shelters and all they have are medium and large dogs . 
Snickers is chewing on the Dog Obedience book I purchased today . I bet they don't have a chapter on that ! 
G'nite FB ! 
< PROPMALE > has found 3 kittens that have been dropped by someone . They need homes desperately . He won't bring them home because he's afraid I will keep them . Does anyone want a cute little < PROPFEMALE > ?? Please !!!!! 
( Copied from my friend < PROPFEMALE > who is winning her battle ! ) In memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who has lost their battle with cancer and those who continue to conquer it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has or had cancer ... Many won't copy and paste this . I did . Will you ? 
is not feeling well at all . :( Can't wait to go home . 
been home sick all day . :( Had to take Snickers to the vet though , could NOT miss that appointment . I barely made it . Thankfully we didn't have to wait at all . I was in and out in 15 minutes !! She has gained 9 ounces and according to the staff , has only gotten cuter . :) 
I'm still trying to find my niece a puppy . I did't think this would be so difficult ! If anyone knows of any , please let me know . It has to be a small breed puppy . 
Starting to feel better today . Was up at 6:30 because of a playful puppy but she took at nap at 7:30 and so did I ! Slept in until 11 ! Have a great weekend everyone . 
Well , now that we have time to cut the dead tree in front of our house down , Mourning Doves have decided to nest in the same nest the Robins did . Which , according to all the info I have found , they don't reuse nests !? And it will take about 40 DAYS for the young to hatch and leave !!! 40 DAYS !! So , please continue to ignore the dead tree in my yard . 
My horoscope today : Karen , \ 
If you want to lead , teach , study , learn and share . Focus on past hurts that you have learned from - how can you share the insights and understanding that you have learned with others who have shared similar misfortunes ? The task could prove incredibly rewarding . 
Appointment with the endocrinologist tomorrow . I'm so sick of dr appointments and still feeling like crap . :( 
run from people who don't like dogs - there is something wrong with them . 
I just got home from the endocrinologist and she is testing me for Cushings disease . She said my thyroid doesn't seem to be my problem . Great ! What next ! I have had just about every test known to modern medicine and I THOUGHT I had had every blood test known to man , but it appears I haven't! 
Day 14 with a headache and nausea ... ugghh ! 
4 weeks until we leave for the Nags Head beach !! I can't wait . I need a vacation ! 
Sometimes I get to places just as God is ready to have somebody click the shutter . ~ ANSEL ADAMS 
Planning < PROPFIRST>'s baby shower is so fun ! It's been a looonnngg time since I have done one of these . What games have you guys played at showers that made you laugh and have fun ? 
What appears to be two lost dogs are roaming my neighborhood this morning . They don't appear to have collars on and I can't catch them . One looks like a black lab mix ( male ) and the other looks like possibly a sheltie mix . It is white , black and brown . If you know anyone missing their dogs , send them this way towards the flood wall . 
Snickers has figured out that when I disarm the alarm in the morning and she hears the two chirps , it's time to go out and she runs for the door ! lol 
Changing purses . How does so much crap get shoved in one purse !? 
3 weeks and 5 days until we leave for the beach ! OMG I can't wait !!!! 
power is out . its too hot !! THIS SUCKS ! 
My power is still out . may be restored by 4 pm tomorrow !! Its so hot we cant sleep and the storm is freaking the dogs out . its going to be a long day tomorrow . 
No power still . No sleep at all . i have to go to work . I dont think I'm going to make it all day . 
I left Snickers at home all by herself today for the very first time . I think I'm going to cry . I miss my puppy and I'm going to worry about her all day . This is a big step for her ( and me ) . Thankfully I only work until 2 . I bought her a pretty new pink bed so she will be all comfy cozy while I'm away ... lol 
I'm home and Snickers is doing great ! She was waiting on me at the door ( I guess she heard the two chirps to disarm the alarm .. lol ) . I have been smothered in puppy kisses ! Life is good ! 
I need a housesitter for when we go on vacation . Anyone know of someone that loves dogs ? 
I have a housesitter ! Thanks everyone ! I will not have to worry now . 
My niece spent the night last night and it looks like she's spending tonight too . Went to Walmart and I went broke buying back to school necessities ! A new purse , new makeup , new makeup bag ... etc , etc .... lol 
Watching \It's All About Steve\ " with my niece and eating Midway ! " 
There is no sleeping in with a puppy , especially two ! 
I'm so ready for vacation !! Praying there will not be a hurricane ! 
I painted my spare bedroom today . It's a pretty shade of lavendar . I can't wait to get the new floor down . < PROPMALE > will be doing that ! Then I can decorate . I have to paint some furniture though . ( < PROPFEMALE > P ., I still haven't painted the furniture that wasn't your grandmothers . That's what I'll be doing next . ) I'm painting the furniture white . 
Anyone know of an inexpensive apartment for rent . Preferably with utilites included . < PROPMALE>'s mom has just been given 30 days to find somewhere to live because her crappy landlord's son is getting out of jail and he will need a place to stay . The bad part is she will need to move soon because we will be on vacation when she's suppose to move out . 
SEIU Union members at Cabell Huntington Hospital are sponsoring a food drive for workers currently laid off at < PROPMALE>'s Daughters Medical Center . Please take non-perishable food items , and household items , to SEIU District 1199's Huntington Office located at 2200 Adams Ave . Please bring donations by Friday August 20th . On ... Saturday August 21st , the goods will distributed to the KDMC workers at Ashland City Park . 
Off to bed . Goodnight and sweet dreams ! 
Day 1 of 35 things we can learn from kids . \ 
#1 You can learn new things from almost anyone , including a yellow sponge with legs or a big yellow bird . You just have to keep your mind open . 
Lesson #2 we can learn from kids :\ 
There is nothing better in the whole world than a friend showing up at your front door asking if you can come out to play . So don't sit around moping if you have nothing to do -- go over to a friend's house today and ring the < PROPFEMALE > . 
There are many more horses available , even small ones . Please click on the link next to the picture to see all of them . They only have until Friday at 4 . If you can provide a home for one of the beautiful animals , please contact me asap . Don't hesitate because you don't know how you will get it here , etc . If it's possible , we'll make it happen . 
Goodnight fb ! sweet dreams . 
#3 in the Lessons we can learn from Kids :\ 
Go ahead and play with your food . It's fun and it'll slow down your eating , which is good for your digestion . 
I have the cutest dog in the world ! Of course I'm a little prejudice .. lol 
#4 When you're indecisive , sometimes rock/paper/scissors is a good a way as any to make up your mind . 
Snickers had her last puppy visit today and the vet told me that I have seperation anxiety worse than Snickers does .. lol Hmm .... Yep ! 
We just figured out , based on the veterinarians estimation of Snickers age , that she was born just days after our beloved < PROPFIRST > died . It's truly meant to be . :) 
Well , it looks like my mother-in-law is definitely moving in . It will be nice for awhile but it's a small house with one bathroom , it will feel crowded fast . She likes to cook though so I can deal with that .. lol Hopefully she can save some money while she's here and then we can find her a nice place of her own . I know she'd rather have her own place too . 
So much to do , yet I have a headache and no energy and I hurt . blah .... bad day . 
Sitting here in the dark , by choice , watching the lightening storm . So pretty yet so scary . 
Snickers destroyed the \35 Things you can learn from Kids . \ " Trying to find another copy .. lol " 
Well , I finally got my lab results after driving to lab and getting them myself . The results were negative . Which means , more tests to come and still no answers . :( 
Well , I have an appointment with Dr. # 9 ! This one was recommended by Dr. #8 and is confident he can help me . Fingers crossed ! 
Trying to get everything together for the baby shower I'm giving tomorrow and I'm not feeling well .... swollen glands and headache . The dr said sinus surgery is in my near future . When will it end !? Looking forward to throwing < PROPFEMALE>'s shower though . I can't wait ! I just hope I don't forget anything , it's been awhile since I've done this . 
I'll be at the beach in one week !!! woo hooo !!!! 
I burned my forearm really bad last night and have a huge blister . I put aloe on it , didn't help . Then I used a burn ointment and that took the sting out . But , today it's ugly . That's gonna leave a < PROPFIRST > ! 
It's baby shower day !!!!! Congratulations < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
Great ! A hurricane is forming just in time for me to go to the beach . Hopefully it will stay out to sea . :( 
The beach in 4 days !! 
Snickers has stayed home for two days now while we've gone to work . She's done great but I think I need therapy .. lol 
Don't let anyone stop you from pursuing what you want to achieve . Life will test you to see how serious you are about pursuing a particular path . Sooner or later , you may face negative feedback . If you do , remember not to let anyone crush your dream ... 
Packed and ready to go !!! Beach bound in the morning ! I'm so ready ! I'm going to miss Snickers soooooo bad . But , she and all the other animals will be in great hands . Thanks to our great housesitter and neighbors . 
On the road to the beach ! woo hoo !! Have a great week everyone ! 
Hurricane < PROPMALE > ran us out a few days early . We're in Williamsburg now , going to Busch Gardens tomorrow and possibly some shopping . :) The weather was perfect until this afternoon . We've had a great time and it's been exciting . < PROPMALE > of course wanted to ride it out .. lol 
Good night FB . I will get carried away and I'm still on vacation !! 
Just got in from Busch Gardens . There was hardly anyone there !! We walked on to every ride , no wait ! 
I've not been online for several days . I've had a migraine with vomiting . Starting to feel better finally . For those of you that have emailed me , I will get back to you as soon as possible . Just wanted to let you know I haven't been online . < PROPMALE>'s mom also moved in today . Poor < PROPMALE > has had to move her by himself since I've been sick . Thankfully there wasn't any really heavy stuff . 
I haven't been online for awhile . I've been busy , busy , busy . Hope everyone has a great week . 
< PROPMALE > was in an accident this morning . Thank God his is ok . A woman pulled out in front of him on Rt 60 . Thankfully , she wasn't hurt either . His truck is probably totaled though . I made him go to Urgent care because his arm was hurting but , they said there doesn't seem to be anything serious . 
Snickers keeps finding stink bugs and bringing them to me to play with ! Ewww !!! She keeps dropping them in my lap ! 
CT Scan of my chest at 7 am !! Grr ... too early . Hoping for some answers ..... still ! I am probably glowing from all the radiation from the last few months . lol 
I want a Kindle for Christmas !!!!!!! Really , really bad !!!! lol 
The rental car company only had a minivan to give me SAturday and I LOVE IT ! lol Minivans get a bad rap . I still wouldn't buy one but only because I have no one to fill up the five seats in the back .. lol 
Just found out my chest CT scan was normal . I should be happy but I'm so tired of tests . I just want to know what the H is wrong with me ! Waiting on my dr to call to see what tests he orders now ! It's so hard to go on sometimes . Lord give me strength . I really need it right now . 
It's a new day and a new beginning . 
If you constantly think of illness , you eventually become ill ; if you believe yourself to be beautiful , you become so . - Shakti Gawain 
Spent most of the day in the ER trying to get help for my nausea that I've had every day for 6 weeks , accompanied by vomiting this week . :( Nothing the dr was calling in was helping . Finally got some relief today through the ER . Pray it lasts . 
is a straight ally and National Coming Out Day is tomorrow . I'm coming out for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender equality because it's 2010 and only five states plus DC recognize that love , not gender , is what matters in a marriage . Donate your status and join me by clicking here : http://apps.facebook.com/humanrightscampaign/ncod10_status.php?rid=100124&rsource=stream . 
All the miners are now safe !!!! 
Can anyone recommend a good rheumatologist ? 
“If you want to live a happy life , tie it to a goal , not to people or things . ” < PROPFIRST > Einstein 
Wake up ! If you knew for certain you had a terminal illness -- if you had a little time left to live -- you would waste precious little of it ! Well , I'm telling you ... you do have a terminal illness : It's called birth . You don't have more than a few years left . No one does ! So be happy now , without reason -- or you will never be at all . - < PROPFIRST > Millman 
EVERYONE PLEASE PRAY !!! I've just learned via fb that a SVHS student has been struck by a car on RT 60 ! 
Prayers are desperately needed for a young man from SVHS that was hit by a car this evening . Injuries seem to be very serious . Call everyone you know and get the prayers going . He needs them ! 
Busch Gardens in the morning !! Woo hoo !! 
Home from Busch Gardens ! We had a great time but when we got home we found out our neighbor was starting trouble with Dwains mom !! We're furious but the way he handled it is also comical and demonstrates how crazy he is . He was mad because Snickers barked at him . So , he gets in his truck and blows the horn for 20 minutes . 
PRAYERS NEEDED !!! Please pray for my niece . The school just called and said she has had a seizure ! My sister is on her way to the hospital with her . 
Thanks for the prayers everyone . All the tests came back normal !! She is just severly dehydrated and they are giving her fluids . 
Really sad because I'm sick and missed the Madden's Halloween party last night . :( Everyone's costumes looked great . 
I believe that you're great , that there's something magnificent about you . Regardless of what has happened to you in your life , regardless of how young or how old you think you might be , the moment you begin to think properly , there's something that is within you , there's power within you , that's greater than the world . It will begin to emerge . 
Sleep Study at Cabell . :( blah ! 
Well , didn't sleep much during my sleep study ! At one point during the night I thought God was talking to me , then I realized it was the tech over the intercom ... haha Now I have that horrible goop in my hair that < PROPFEMALE > mentioned ! Results in 2 weeks . Thanks for the comments everyone . I didn't realize so many of my friends had cpap/bipaps ! 
Prayer request for my sister < PROPFEMALE>'s husband , < PROPMALE > . He was diagnosed a few years ago with Lukemia and has been in remission . His recent blood work has come back with an elevated white count , twice . He see's the doctor next week and they are really worried the Lukemia has come back . My niece is very upset as well because her daddy could be sick again . Please pray for them . 
Nice evening and dinner out with hubby and some retail therapy . Life is good ! 
Life is not perfect . You can be kind to all , do good and still be acused of \ 
wrong . You can give love and yet be hated . You can build others up yet still be torn down . You can give peace yet still be met with hostility . \ 
But you weren't being kind or loving because of who they are , but because of who YOU are and because you follow your heart ! ? 
Finish every day and be done with it . You have done what you could ; some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in ; forget them as soon as you can . Tomorrow is a new day ; you shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
To all my rescue friends : I am wanting a Blue < PROPFIRST > Sheltie puppy or very young dog for my husband for Christmas . We lost our Blue < PROPFIRST > this year and he wants another one so much . He/She would also be great for Snickers , as they would both have playmates and poor Oreo might get a break ... lol 
Internet is down at home . I think the modem is shot . May not be online all weekend . It depends on if I can fix it or Frontier has too . Later ! Call or text me if you need me . 
Yay ! Internet is fixed !! 
How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young , compassionate with the aged , sympathetic with the striving and tolerant of the weak and strong . Because someday in your life you will have been all of these . - < PROPFIRST > Washington Carver 
Remember , feelings of inadequacy start with negative thoughts that we have about ourselves . However , these thoughts have no power over us unless we act upon them . Thoughts are only words strung together . They have no meaning whatsoever . Only we give meaning to them , and we do so by focusing on the negative messages over and over again in our minds . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons , 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
soooo ....... tired ....... neeed ..... sleeeep ...... 
Still looking for a Blue < PROPFIRST > Sheltie puppy . Please let me know if you know where I can get one . :) Preferrably rescue ! No petshops or backyard breeders ! 
Trying something new with the turkey this year . Too much food network .. lol I am brining it overnight with herbs , garlic , kosher salt and sugar . Then tomorrow before I put it in the roaster , I will fill the cavity with a garlic clove , an apple , and an onion . Then I will put some poultry rub under the skin and then baste it with < PROPFEMALE > oil . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my fb friends and family ! I am thankful for so many things . I am blessed . 
I am thankful that I don't have to work today . I feel sorry for the people that do . I don't believe they should have to on a National Holiday . Another example of how our holidays have become over commercialized . I urge you not to shop anywhere today so that the people who have been made to work may not have to next year . If no one shops , they won't be open again . 
Turkey was great !!! Everyone loved it ! 
We just picked out our Christmas tree and brought it home ..... all 9 feet of it !! Now I'm enjoying watching Snickers play with a piece of it . It's going to be her first Christmas . I just hope she doesn't think it's to pee on .. lol 
Went to the dr. today and may finally have answers to why I feel so bad . According to my sleep study , I never reach stage 4 REM sleep , or even stage 3 ! They don't know why it happens and there isn't even a name for it . They just state it's inconclusive . So , he is treating me with medication they use to treat Narcolepsy in hopes it wll help . He explained it to me this way : 
PRAYERS NEEDED : My sister just called and her husband's lukemia is back . Thankfully they caught it very early but he will have to have a bone marrow transplant this time . So far they are hoping one round of chemo will work and once he's in remission he will go to Morgantown for 6 months for the transplant . My niece doesn't know yet , she is still in school . 
I truly believe that there are no mistakes . When our hearts are closed \ 
and we feel resentment and anger and sadness , it’s hard to see anything \ 
good . Yet when our hearts are open , it’s as if so much of that \ 
negativity disappears and we’re able to release these old thoughts and \ 
reawaken to joy . For each of us , there’s always joy inside .... And we need \ 
to know how very perfect we are as we are . Louise Hay 
I'm loving the snow !! 
Don’t ask what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive and go do it . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . -H . Truman 
Off to bed . Long , fun day ahead tomorrow . Going to see the 2 million Christmas lights at Busch Gardens !! That should get me in the spirit . 
Off to Nags Head today to see if we can spot some wild horses . Locking in the 4 wheel drive and driving the northern beach where they roam . Hopefully I'll have pictures later if they don't elude us ! 
Heading back home tomorrow . We've had so much fun . Praying for safe travels . It appears we will be heading into a lot of snow . Especially in the mountains . It may take a while to get there . Sitting here listening to the ocean . It's so loud I can hear it inside . I love it ! 
To all my friends with kids , I need help ! My niece is suppose to come live with us beginning this weekend . Her daddy is in the hospital with Lukemia and some things have happened that has caused her to want to switch schools earlier than we planned . 
Internet at home is down ... again ! stupid Frontier ! I never had a problem when it was Verizon and now it's been down twice in one month ! 
On my way to < PROPMALE > ! Hope all goes well . 
Back to < PROPMALE > tomorrow to finish filing the guardian papers . Then I will enroll her in Vinson Middle School on Monday and she will start school Tuesday . Can anyone tell me how I get the bus schedule , etc ? Is there a website for the middle school ? I have no idea what I'm doing . 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status , but \ 
my friends will be the 3% that do . This is in honor of someone who has died , is still fighting , or has survived cancer . ? 
\Raising teenagers is like nailing Jello to a tree . \"" 
Cleaning out what will be < PROPFEMALE>'s bedroom today and getting it ready for paint and carpet . We have to do all this by Monday . She will start Vinson Middle School Tuesday . ( If it doesn't snow and cause a cancellation that is . ) We completed the legal guardian papers yesterday and have a hearing in 10 days . 
OMG WHY DO I HAVE SO MUCH JUNK IN THAT ROOM !!!!! lol I'm exhausted and I'm only 1/3 done cleaning it !! 
PRAYERS NEEDED URGENTLY PLEASE : I just received a call from my sister and she and < PROPFEMALE > are on their way to the hospital because her daddy is coughing up blood and having difficulty breathing . They think it could be do to blood thinners due to a clot . Please pray ! 
Mom just called and they are moving him to intensive care . They aren't sure what is going on and are going to do a CT Scan . Keep Praying please . It's very much appreciated ! 
My sister just called and the doctors are uncertain what is happening . She said he is not doing well at all and doesn't look well . She and < PROPFEMALE > are afraid to leave the hospital for fear something will happen . I spoke to < PROPFEMALE > and told her I have everyone praying . 
RIP : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . \ 
I appreciate everyone's prayers and we really need them now . < PROPFEMALE>'s daddy has passed away . It came as a very big shock , as he was so much better and done with chemo and was suppose to go home Saturday . Please pray for my family . 
Thank you everyone for your kind words and offers to help . It means so much at this time . My sister is having dificulty with decisions , some of which I can't go into at this time . Please pray for her and < PROPFEMALE > . I'm so worried about my niece , as she has been through so much in her 13 years . She is being closely monitored right now . Thank you all so much for your many prayers . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Maxwell : Viewing will be Wednesday , December 15 , from 6pm to 8pm at < PROPMALE > Funeral Home in Barboursville . 
Services for < PROPMALE > are today at < PROPMALE > Funeral home in Barboursville from 6-8pm . Please pray for my sister and niece . It's going to be a long , emotional day for all of us but , especially them . < PROPFEMALE > is struggling with many things right now , as you all can imagine . 
Working from home today . It's too bad outside and is suppose to get worse . I am so thankful I work for someone who values life more than work . Everyone that has to be out , please be very careful . If it gets icy , also watch out for falling tree limbs and trees . Love to you all . 
For Sale : Nintendo Game Cube , hardly used . Email me if interested . 
Also for sale : Portable CB Radio ( Radio Shack brand ) , never used , still in box . Paid $100 , sell for $50 . 
Books and Game cube sold ! Still have the Handheld Portable CB Radio if anyone is interested . 
Not in the Christmas spirit . Haven't bought the first thing and don't really care to . 
Yesterday when the snow was melting the water spots on the roof out my window looked like the profile of a pig . Today there is a heart and the profile of < PROPFIRST > Washington ! lol 
My earlier post disappeared . Snickers decided to open some presents today and hide the contents ! 
Snickers has a new party dress ! 
Sick . :( 
Watching Christmas Vacation ! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERYONE !! 
Just got back from mom and dads . It was hard watching < PROPFEMALE > open gifts her daddy had gotten her before he died . :( She handled it better than we did . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! < PROPFEMALE > the memories , you never know who may not be with you next year . 
Does anyone know if you can have a virus without a fever ? I can't seem to find out online . All I know is I'm staying nauseated and I'm vomiting at night . This has happened the last two nights and now my nausea is getting worse and I'm afraid it's going to happen tonight as well . I've taken Zofran but it doesn't seem to help . 
Playing with my Kobo ereader ! 
Can anyone tell me where I can buy a Spring Valley Timberwolves hoodie for my niece . She's starting at Vinson Middle the 3rd or 4th , depending on how the transfer goes , and she wants one to wear . 
Youth is when you're allowed to stay up late on New Year's < PROPFEMALE > . Middle age is when you're forced to . ~ Bill < PROPMALE > 
My niece starts school at Vinson Middle tomorrow . I hope all goes well for her . 
To all my friends : A good friend of ours , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > has had a stroke . Even if you don't know him , please pray for his quick recovery ! Everyone get those prayer chains going !! Thanks guys !! Love you all ! 
Took < PROPFEMALE > to her first day at the new school , Vinson Middle . I was more nervous for her than she was . I thought I'd cry .. lol 
Does anyone out there in my neighborhood sell Thirtyone ? 
Just learned of the passing of < PROPMALE > Elmore . Please keep the family in your prayers . 
Goodnight all . Hoping for lots of snow when I wake up but , I really doubt it . 
WARNING .... The National Weather Service has issued a \Falling Bird Warning\ " for Pittsburgh on Saturday January 15th 
I saw the most beautiful rainbow this morning ! 
McDonalds new < PROPFEMALE > and Fruit Oatmeal is yummy !!!! And I don't even LIKE oatmeal ! 
I'm going to be selling Thrity-One gifts . I am booking shows for the month of February and March . Email me if you'd like to book a party or take up a catalog order . The new Spring catalog comes out the first of February ! 
A little puppy decided to chew the power cord to my laptop while I was at work today ! Once the battery dies , there will be no laptop until the replacement comes in . :( If she weren't so cute I'd kick her little ass . 
Have a baby shower coming up ? How about a bridal shower ? Have a Thirty One Gifts party so the mother-to-be or the bride-to-be can chose their own Thirty One Gifts and everyone can order them for her all in one night ! No wondering what to buy her , fighting the crowds at the mall and trying to find the time to get it all in ! You won't even have to wrap it ! It will be delivered straight to her door ! 
February Special for all Customers ! Get 31% off for every $31 you spend ! And ask me about the $5 booking bonus ! 
Anyone can order from my website and have it shipped directly to your home . It doesn't matter what state you live in . My consultant ID is 54221 . 
If you're looking for a fundraiser , call me about a Thirty-One Gifts fundraiser today ! 
Put this dog on\ 
. //^ ^\\\\ your profile\ 
(/ (_•_) \\) to show\ 
. _/''*''\\_ if you have\ 
(/_) ^ (_\\) rescued a dog . \ 
... \ 
I love my Snickers , < PROPFEMALE > and Oreo and my rescued kitties < PROPFEMALE > and Holyfield . 
My Thirty-One < PROPFEMALE > is here and it's so exciting ! Now , ladies I need some people to book parties ! The 5 people to book a party will get a special gift from me ! If you've never seen Thrity-One products before I'd be happy to bring some buy your work or home so you can see how great they are . Please book a party or take up a catalog order if you wish . Help me get started and you'll get a free Thrity-One gift . 
Valentines Day is coming ! Guys contact me about ordering something special for the women in your life . I can help you pick out a great gift and you can even have it embroidered with their name or initials or even a special message from you . 
I have the new spring catalogs . Email me if you'd like me to send you one or bring it to you . I can even mail you one if you've never heard of it and live out of town . 
This is the most beautiful snow fall I have seen in a very long time . Absolutely breathtaking ! The snow flakes are the size of a silver dollar !!! Amazing ! 
If you book and hold a Thirty-One Party with me in February , you will receive a very special gift from me . If you want to take up a catalog order , you will still get hostess credits and a gift from me . If you call me within the next 48 hours and book I will also include free embroidery on up to 3 items !! Call me 304-417-1489 . 
Such a beautiful drive in to work . 
There's a site called spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal information : everything from pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , pics of where you live , income , age . Remove yourself by searching your name , find the < PROPFEMALE > for yourself , copy the URL and go to the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the Privacy link to remove yourself . Copy & re-post so your FB friend are aware . 
Going to the RV and boat show to dream big ! lol Then food !! 
Omg ! Watching < PROPFEMALE > Haw !!!! lol Brings back memories ! Gloom , despair and agony on me ! < PROPFEMALE > Wynette and < PROPFEMALE > Jones are singing ! hahahahahahahahah !! 
I've got a tiger by the tail it's plain to see ! < PROPMALE > Owens ! 
?????????????????????????? \ 
?????????????????????????? 
52 thoroughbred horses need homes . Will go to Sugarcreek this Saturday for slaughter . Gentleman died and his son wants nothing to do with them . Most broodmares are broke and some are in foal weanling , yearlings , 2 yrs and 3 yrs old most are gelded . * FREE and papered * . Friend of the deceased is trying to find homes 440-463-4288 Barnesville , OH . Please copy and paste this on your status ! PLEASE HELP ! 
Going to the Smoky's in a few weeks !!!! I hope we get snowed in ! lol The rates are dirt cheap right now . 
Book and hold a Thirty-One party with me in February and get a free gift from me ! Host a $500 show and get an extra gift ! All my February hostess will be registered for a drawing for a free gift valued at over $50 ! Book your party now , even catalog parties count if at least $200 in sales . Don't miss out , book today ! 304-417-1489 . 
Still waiting on one more call !! Who will it be ?? 
I have a party I need to close tonight or first thing in the am . Does anyone want any thing Thirty-One . No minimum . I'll just add it to the order . :) 
Last call ! Sending an order in this morning . If there is anything you want , let me know and I'll add it to the order . Look at the catalog here : www.mythirtyone.com/karendempsey 
I have had several people order so I won't be sending my order in until late tonight , early in the morning . It's not too late if you want to order something . You can either write a check or I can take debit and credit over the phone . I will have an order going in every week if you can't do it this week . 
Getting ready to head to Chilli < PROPMALE > for my bday dinner and then maybe a movie ! 
Starting the day with a positive thought sets the tone for everything that follows . Instead of focusing on worries or our busy schedule , lets count our blessings -- how lucky we are to have warm shelter ; love of family or friends ; and especially the blessing of another day to enoy ! This weeks challenge : Take just a moment each morning to remind yourself of the many good things in your life . 
Great order went out this morning ! Thanks to everyone who ordered ! I can't wait to see all your Thirty-One goodies ! Another order going out next weekend for those of you who want to order . If you'd like a catalog let me know and I can drop one off to you or mail it . Thanks ! 
I logged on and couldn't believe the number of birthday wishes !!!! I am overwhelmed !! I am so blessed with wonderful friends and family . Thank you all so much . I wish I had time to thank each one of you personally but I think I'd be at it a long while !! 
Received more Thirty-One catalogs today . Does anyone need one ? I'll have another order going in this weekend . Still have a few openings for parties if anyone would like to book for February . Plus , the special this month is spend $31 get 31% off another item . 
I will be having an OPEN HOUSE this Sunday from 2-4 to show you the latest Spring and Summer products ! More details to follow tomorrow ! Stay tuned ! Come view the new line and place your orders ! 
Cell phone is dead and MIA . 
Congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > Reynolds for winning the a $10 gift certificate towards any purchase for registering for my newsletter !! And just to show my appreciation , the rest of you will be getting emails from me and I am giving you free embroidery to be used towards a future purchase ! 
A special Valentines Gift !!!! Men , bring your special lady by my Open House on Sunday from 2pm to 4pm and let her \Pick and Personalize her Perfect Purse\ " You can contact me for more details ! " 
Thirty-One order going in this weekend . If you can't come to the open house but would like to order , call me before Sunday at 6pm . 304-417-1489 .. Don't forget the customer special for February is for every $31 you spend , you get 31% off any item ! 
? To celebrate Valentines Day , change your profile picture to you and your spouse/significant other . Make sure to tell how long you've been together ? \ 
Together for 26 years . Married for 18 wonderful years . He is the best husband a girl could ever want . 
Sending an order in for Thirty-one tomorrow . If anyone wants anything , please shoot me an email or call me 304-417-1489 . If you were one of the lucky ones to get free embroidery , now is the perfect time to use it !! 
Don't forget our Open House tomorrow at my house from 2 -4 pm . Free Tastefully simple food you can sample and order and Thirty-One items galore for you to see and order !!! I'll have organizers , purses , bags , and baskets . Stop by for a visit and see everything and have some tasty food ! 
Thanks to the ones that came to the open house today . Unfortunately , there weren't very many . It's not too late to place an order though . I will have an order going in tomorrow evening so , if you'd like to order Thirty-one call me or shoot me an email . And don't forget , for every $31 you spend you get 31% off any item . 304-417-1489 
Ok guys ! I only need $40 more in sales to become a qualified consultant !! Help a girl out . Anyone out there need anything ? I'm super excited ! I love thirty-one ! 
I have to run out but if anyone emails me with an order , I'll give each one of you free shipping ! I'll be back shortly ! 
My wonderful husband gave me an Open Heart necklace for Valentines day !! He rocks ! 
Last call ! Place your order before 6pm today and get free shipping ! Call me and leave a message or inbox me . Thanks . 
Keying in orders now . If you want anything call me 304-417-1489 . 
Order going in for Thirty-One on Sunday . Let me know what you want ! Don't forget ... for every $31 you spend you get 31% off any item . That's a great deal ! Call me 304-417-1489 . I'm also booking parties for March . Great customer and hostess specials . Email me or call me for details . 
Now booking parties for March ! The hostess special for March is very exciting , as is the customer special . Book and hold a party with me in March and receive an additional $25 in free product from me ! This also includes catalog parties ! If you don't want to hold a party in your home , ask me about the \PARTY TO GO ! \ " The first 4 people to book get a free gift from me ! " 
BEWARE : A virus is going round called Housework . If you feel the need to start housework . Stop immediately . This virus wipes out your social life . If you should come in contact with housework go straight to the nearest pub & order the only known antidote which is called alcohol . Please forward this warning immediately to at least 6 friends . If you realize you do not have 6 friends you are already infected . xx 
Thirty one order going in tonight . Any last minute orders ? No minimum , just shoot me an email or call me 417-1489 . 
The dreaded colonoscopy on Wednesday ! Tomorrow begins the drinking of the dreaded nasty stuff ! So , if you don't see me on facebook much the next few days , you know where I am ! lol 
FB security info : while on Facebook , look at your URL address ; if you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session and you can be hacked . Go to Account|Account Settings|Account Security and click Change 
Has anyone else been blocked from uploading videos ? It says I have been blocked for copyright infringement ! I haven't had anything but my personal videos on here ! I'm not very happy and don't know what to do about it ! 
Now booking thirty-one parties for March . I have a few more spots left . The customer special for March is for every $31 you spend , you get any purse 1/2 off ! Call me or email me . 
Last day to order thirty-one and get the February special . Spend $31 and get 31% off any item . Call me or email me before 7 tonight to get your order in . 
Help end homelessness by re-posting this as your status : Travel Channel is donating $ . 10 to fight homelessness for everyone who tunes into the NEW Bizarre Foods episode this Tuesday at 9 e/p . ( Up to $100k !! ) Please spread the word ! 
URGENT TO ALL MY RESCUE FRIENDS ! : 2 year old male cocker spaniel needs rescue/foster or home . Owner is going to put down tomorrow if I don't find someone to take him !!! Can anyone help or does anyone want a Cocker Spaniel ?! 
URGENT TO ALL MY RESCUE FRIENDS OR ANYONE WANTING A COCKER SPANIEL ! : 2 year old male cocker spaniel needs rescue/foster or home . Owner is going to put down tomorrow if I don't find someone to take him !!! Can anyone help or does anyone want a Cocker Spaniel ?! 
I am rockstar and I am winning ! I am high on a drug called < PROPFEMALE > ! All shall bow down and lick my feet ! 
Order going in tomorrow ! The special this month is spend $31 and get any purse 1/2 price !! Ladies , this includes the skirts for the purses as well !!! Also booking parties for March . Only a few more spots left . Don't miss out ! \ 
My last hostess earned over $200 in free product and five 1/2 priced items !! If you don't want to host a party at your home , take up a catalog order and do an online party ! 
I got a new phone with android ! Yay 
I only have a few spots left for your Thirty-one Party ! Have a fun night with your girlfriends , book your party now ! The next two people that call or email me will receive an extra $20 in free product from me ! The average hostess earns $75 in free product and 3 half priced items ! Call me ! 
Thirty-one order going in tomorrow evening . Spend $31 and get any purse ( or purse skirt ) half price ! Call or email me to place your order . Want to get free stuff ? Call or email me to book your party . I have two spots I need to fill to meet my goal for the month . Don't want to have a party but still want to earn free stuff ? Ask me about a \Party to Go . \"" 
Thirty-one order going in tonight . Spend $31 and get any purse ( or purse skirt ) half price ! Call or email me to place your order . Want to get free stuff ? Call or email me to book your party . I have two spots I need to fill to meet my goal for the month . Don't want to have a party but still want to earn free stuff ? Ask me about a \Party to Go . \ " Call or email me before 6pm tonight and I will pay your shipping ! " 
Joining Weight Watchers today . Their new system is suppose to be great and so far I can't seem to succeed at anything else so I'm going to give it a try . Anyone want to join with me ? It's free to join today . The meeting is at 10:30 ! Anyone ?? I need a < PROPMALE > . 
Please keep the people of Japan and the rescuers in your thoughts and prayers . We should all have an emergency plan and emergency supplies at the ready . We never know when we may be faced with a disaster . If you don't have a plan or supplies , please seriously consider doing it now . I wish I had when we were out of our home for 3 days following the chemical leak . 
So much to do and so little energy . 
sick ... 
I have been sick since last weekend ! This stuff sucks . I still feel like crap . 
Thirty-one team meeting tonight ! Can't wait ! Now booking parties for April ! Call me and I'll give you a special booking gift from me ! \ 
304-417-1489 
If God answers your prayers , He is increasing your Faith . \ 
If He delays , He is increasing your Patience . \ 
If He doesn't answer , He knows you can handle it . \ 
~ Author Unknown ~ 
Ok girls , I need your help ! My great group of thirty-one ladies have been given a goal and there seems to be a contest and I want to win !!!! I have to hold a party for one amazing hostess on April Fool's Day ! There will be extra gifts and a great door prize , and that's NOT a joke ! My average hostess is earning over $100 in free product ! Plus they get a special gift from me . Call me 304-417-1489 ! Be the first ! 
Who wants to have a lot of fun and get great free stuff ? My great group of thirty-one ladies have been given a goal and there is a contest and I want to win ! I have to hold a party for one amazing hostess on April Fool's Day ! There will be extra gifts and a great door prize , and that's NOT a joke ! My average hostess is earning over $100 in free product ! Plus get a special gift from me . Call me 417-1489 ! Be the first ! 
Every event , opportunity , person and situation we encounter adds a little something to who we are . Be open and learn something from each one no matter how familiar you may be with it . Be cautious as you glean , because every one becomes a part of us , choose carefully the phrases and mannerisms you pick up 
Look around and open yourself to the opportunities that are all around you . Some of the things and people you’ve been hoping for might just be the very people and things you’ve had all around you . It might just take a simple shift in awareness to realize that and act on those opportunities . Open your eyes and take a look around and take nothing for granted 
I've been offline most of the week . Sick again . :( Feeling better today . 
Vinson class of 86 check your email for details about the reunion and also check the group < PROPFEMALE > for posts . 
Ladies , please call me to schedule your thirty-one party or catalog party . I need parties for the month of April and May . Host a $350 party and get the beach towel for $10 in April . If you have a favorite item you'd like for free , let me know and when you host your party I'll make sure you earn your favorite item for free ! 304-417-1489 
“Don’t ask what the world needs . Ask what makes you come alive , and go do it . Because what the world needs is people who have come alive . ” < PROPMALE > Thurman\ 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > H . 
~ Faith is taking the first step even when you don’t see the whole staircase . ” ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , Jr. ~ 
Dang I look good today ! New dress , new shoes , life is good . :) lol 
Looking at the clock all day won't make the day go by faster . You Might as well enjoy the day , time goes by much faster when you have fun . If we resist the day it will fight back but if we go with the flow and enjoy the day as it unfolds , it will smile back at us and let us go without a fight . Be for your day and not against it for whatever we resist will persist 
Going to Big Sur and < PROPFEMALE > California in May for girl time !! Woo hoo !! I'm so excited . Now , please book a 31 party for April so momma has some spending money !!!!! Please !!!!!!!!! 
Ok Ladies , I need a new Gyn because mine has lost her mind ! I'm very serious . I prefer a woman . Any suggestions ?? 
31 order going in tonight . No minimum order and I take debit/credit . I need $50 more dollars in orders . does anyone want anything ? 
anyone want to place a 31 order ? I need to send an order in tonight . Call me-304-417-1489 
It's official ! I have purchased my plane ticket to California for May ! Thanks to the amazing company thirty-one for giving me the extra income to purchase the ticket and have plenty of spending money ! And it's only been since February and two commission checks !!!!! If you want to earn that kind of extra income or more , call me ! It really is fun and easy ! I love thirty-one ! 
Painting my office at work . Wow this is harder than I thought .. lol 
Holy moly ! 
You haven’t lived until you laughed so much , you cried . \ 
You haven’t lived until you met someone you couldn’t ever let go . \ 
You haven’t lived until you found yourself . \ 
You haven’t lived until you looked back on everything \ 
and smiled , smiled at the good times and the hard times . \ 
... |Marissa Hemstreet| 
Been shopping to decorate the office ! I'm so excited ! Now if only I could put so much effort into my house .. lol 
They took a job knowing they would never get < PROPMALE > . They missed out on many holidays & spent them working . They may have to lay down their life or take one . Their life expectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress . But yet you think they're overpaid & and you won't pay him because you can't work together to keep our govt running but yet you will pay yourself ? \ SHAMEFUL !!!! Post if you support your MILITARY " 
Wow , I was checking out everyones status updates and it appears we have ALOT of insomniacs , or in < PROPFIRST > s case a child that wants to play at 3:30 in the morning . That's why he's so cute < PROPFIRST > so you can't be mad at him .. lol 
Dear Congress , Last year I mismanaged my funds and this year I cannot decide on a budget . Until I have come to a unified decision that fits all of our needs and interests , I will have to shut down my checkbook and will no longer be able to pay my taxes . I'm sure you'll understand . Thank you very much for setting an example we can all follow . 
Stuck on 64 between west end exit and 5th st 
Finishing up the office today . This has been much harder than I thought ! lol I'm exhausted . Too exhausted to even go shop for more pretty stuff . 
\ Unconditional love is like an investment . You keep on giving even if you don't have any capital left . You keep on investing even if you don't gain profit . \ " \ 
We search for every­thing we believe we don’t have , \ 
not know­ing that every­thing we are look­ing for is already inside us . \ 
We are born with it . ” \ 
|Don < PROPMALE > Ruiz|\ 
... 
Placing a 31 order this weekend . Message me if you would like something . Also , looking for a few people to take up catalog orders in April . I will give the hostess free shipping and $10 in additional free product ! Call me if you're interested 417-1489 . 
31 order going in this weekend . I need orders to meet my goal . Call me or message me if you would like something . \ 
Also , I need a few more shows for April and May . If you book in either month by Thursday , I will give the hostess an extra free gift . Book a party today and have some fun with your girlfriends . Have a theme party even . I will bring fun games , gifts and a great door prize . Hurry ! 304-417-1489 
If you don't want to have a sit down 31 party , then have a \Stop and Shop . \ " I will set up between certain hours and people can just drop by between those times and leave when ready . A very popular way of hosting and I will still include a door prize for those who come by . 304-417-1489 " 
A loving relationship is one in which the loved one is free to be himself - to laugh with me , but never at me ; to cry with me , but never because of me ; to love life , to love himself , to love being loved . Such a relationship is based upon freedom and can never grow in a jealous heart . -Leo F . Buscaglia 
That you may retain your self-respect , it is better to displease the people by doing what you know is Right , than to temporarily please them by doing what you know is Wrong . ~ William J.H. Boetcker 
I need more parties for April . Book a show or take up a catalog order in the month of April and I will give you an additional $20 in free merchandise of your choice ! CAll me or message me to book yours today . That's $20 MORE FREE !! 304-417-1489 
How would your life be different if you stopped allowing other people to dilute or poison your day with their words or opinions ? Let today be the day You stand strong in the truth of your beauty and journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others ! ~ < PROPMALE > Maraboli\ 
Via Wisdom Quotes . :) 
'' Learn to get in touch with silence within yourself \ 
and know that everything in this life has a purpose . \ 
There are no mistakes and no coincidences ; \ 
all events are blessings given to us to learn from . '' \ 
... |Elisabeth Kuebler-Ross| 
The first two people to email me and say they will have a catalog party for April will get 1/2 off any item of their choice ! What a great deal and all you have to do is take orders ! You will have until April 28th to get all the orders to me . 
With everything that has happened to you , you can either feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as a gift . Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing . You get to choose . - Dr. < PROPMALE > Dyer 
I am giving away the 31 Cosmetic bag in your choice of print WITH embroidery to the next person that calls to book a party for either April or May ! Hurry !! call 304-417-1489 . 
Free ! Your choice of a wallet !! ( excluding the Coin Purse and Organizing Wallets ) . Just have a party or take up a catalog order of $200 or more and it's yours free !!! Call me or message me today 304-417-1489 . The cosmetic bag was very popular . If you would still like to receive that , I will extend that offer as well . 
Why is it everytime I get on the computer Snickers has to lay across my arms ? I think she is a little spoiled brat . She's way too cute and animated to ignore . 
I wish I had a housekeeper . It wouldn't matter though , I'd still have to clean before she got here . My least favorite thing is laundry and I don't even have kids ! 
Thirty one order going in tonight if anyone would like to place an order . 304-417-1489 
15 DAYS UNTIL BIG SUR CA !! 
Affirmation for Peace\ 
I am in charge of my inner peace . I am the keeper of my attitude and my disposition . I choose to honor my inner peace and my attitude with a humbly enriched disposition . All of this is done with sincerity for the sake of my Inner Peace ~ Love ~ Artwork \Soul Searching\ " by Michaelo\ 
Vinson High School Class of 86 , please go to the events < PROPFEMALE > for updated details . 
I hope everyone has a very blessed and happy Easter . 
I'm addicted to Esty.com! 
Let today’s attitude be that of a dreamer . Remember that childlike innocence and imagination you use to have and let it come back today . Dream and dream big and let that joy that fills you up < PROPFEMALE > you throughout the day . We sometimes get so caught up in “Reality” that we forget sometimes we need to dream and start to form a new reality . You need to see it before you can be it . VIA going with the flow 
Frontier sucks ! Please give me Verizon back !!! 
You cannot control others or their choices but you can control your involvement with them . You cannot control the circumstances that rise up around you , but you are always in charge of how you react to them . By choosing your reaction you are taking charge of how it affects you - which puts you in your best vibration for creating positive , empowered outcomes . ( from a course in miracles ) 
Party order going in Monday if anyone wants to help me reach that $2300 goal so I can buy < PROPMALE > another TV from best buy !! lol I just know thats one of the things we'll be buying with that gift card . Help me out people !! ;) 
If anyone would like a thirty-one catalog , I would be happy to send you one or bring it to you . 
May 1st Prayer ... Now I lay me down to sleep ... one less terrorist this world does keep ... with all my heart I give my thanks ... to those in uniform regardless of ranks ... you serve our country and serve it well ... with humble hearts your stories tell ... so as I rest my weary eyes ... while freedom rings our flag still flies ... you give your all , do what you must ... with God we live and God we trust .... Amen by < PROPFEMALE > Whitmore 
Seeing all the American people celebrating in the streets over Bin Laden's death sickens me . I understand people are happy he is gone , I'm not knocking that . But , that just brings us down to their level and reminds me of when they celebrated in the streets after they killed our people . We are acting no better than they did . 
For the hearts that broke that September day when the innocent needlessly were taken away ... when the whole world mourned your personal loss , when the tragedy of evil and good did cross ... we saw the pain within your eyes , the world embraced with solemn cries ... the world today seems a little brighter ... Your heavy heart , I hope is lighter ... God Bless America . \ 
Written by < PROPFEMALE > Whitmore , Huntington , WV 
Ugggh ! I'm so sick of rain !!!!! 
I'm mailing out Thirty-one catalogs today . Anyone else want one ? \ 
Order going in Thursday ! Email me your orders . 
Waiting to board 
On the plane to cali !!!! 
Just landed ! Woo hoo ! 
I am in < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and l'm exhausted ! 
On our way to solvang . Going to get some breakfast and look around the little Dutch village 
Having a great time ! We traveled highway 1 today to Big Sur and saw the most amazing coast . Then we finished off the evening with dinner at \The Hog's Breath Inn . \ " < PROPMALE > Eastwood was the previous owner . It's a really cool place tucked between some buildings . Love < PROPFEMALE > ! More pics soon . The internet connection is slow and I'm even slower . " 
Going in to Monterey today for the Movie tour . We're going a little early to do some siteseeing on our own before it starts . Hoping to see some wildlife ! 
Spoke to < PROPMALE > a little while ago . Our creek was coming out of the banks and was about to go over the bridge . Praying for all of you who have flooding . Everyone stay safe out there . Love all of you . 
On our way to Cannery Row and Point Lobos ! Such history ! Saw where < PROPFIRST > Denvers plane crashed yesterday too . So sad . :( 
Just learned my debit card has been hacked . Now its blocked . What a great start to the day . 
My last day . :( can't wait to see < PROPMALE > but hate leaving < PROPFEMALE > California . We've had such a great time and seen so much ! 
Going to get some breakfast and then to see a lighthouse and sea lions before heading back down the coast . 
On my way home in the morning . Flight leaves at 5:45 am . Can't wait to see < PROPMALE > and my doggies . < PROPFEMALE > and I have had a great time and seen some amazing sites . So sad to leave . 
Waiting for takeoff ! Please pray for safe travels . 
The big sale and fashion show starts in 25 minutes ! Are you ready !!! Go to www.mythirtyone.com/karendempsey 
Please see your Events section !! Fundraiser to benefit the family of < PROPMALE > Arreola . < PROPMALE > is hospitalized with congestive heart faliure at the young age of 26 and has no health insurance . He had just recently lost his job . He and < PROPFEMALE > have 3 beautiful little girls , ages 5 , 3 and 1 . All proceeds will go directly to the family to help with living expenses and medical bills . 
I have an order going in this weekend . I am so close to meeting my goal in order to get a $1000 Best Buy gift card !! Help a girl out and get yourself some wonderful products ! You deserve it ! Call me 304-417-1489 . If you call me today I will pay your shipping ! This month if you spend $31 you get the mini zipper pouch for $2.31 ! You can also go to your events and shop to help the Arreola family . 
United-Way RiverCities\ 
Looking for something to do this Sunday ? Join United Way of the River Cities ' Success-By Six initiative for Celebrate Children's Day ! The event will be at Ritter Park behind the foundation from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. It's a free family fun event with games , prizes , educational activities , etc . Hope to see you there ! 
I have an order going in this weekend . I am so close to meeting my goal in order to get a $1000 Best Buy gift card !! Help a girl out and get yourself some wonderful products ! You deserve it ! Call me 304-417-1489 . If you call me today I will pay your shipping ! This month if you spend $31 you get the mini zipper pouch for $2.31 ! You can also go to your events and shop to help the Arreola family . 
So much going on this weekend . Please consider placing a thirty-one order . You will help a family that desperately needs it . See your events for details . This is my co-workers family and all proceeds go to help pay expenses and medical bills . If you would prefer to make a monetary donation , contact me for details . 
Just had to rescue to baby mourning doves . < PROPMALE > disturbed their nest while trimming the evergreens next to the deck . I hope they will be ok . Their little hearts were racing . So , if you drive by our house and see a partially pruned evergreen , you'll know why .. lol I made him stop . 
I am never going to be finished editing California trip pictures ! 
Bring the kids to the park . There are bubbles in the fountain ! 
I just saw the tallest man I have ever seen . He said he is 7 foot 4 inches ! 
Praying for the people in Missouri affected by the tornado . So horrible . So many natural disasters lately . :( If you don't have emergency plans and supplies in place , you should . Never think , \nothing will happen here\ " because it will ! " 
Snickers just killed one of the doves I saved yesterday . :( She evidently thought it was one of her toys . We had to < PROPMALE > her around the yard with water guns to get her to drop it . Sad . :( 
I am so close to earning a $1000 Best Buy gift card . PLEASE help me ! To make it fun for you guys I am doing a mystery hostess party where I will give away ALL HOSTESS REWARDS in drawing . For every $31 spent you will get you a ticket in the drawing . You could win all the hostess rewards and you don't even have to host a party ! Anyone can participate , even if you're out of state . The products ship straight to your door ! 
MYSTERY HOSTESS PARTY ! I am so close to earning a $1000 Best Buy gift card . PLEASE help me ! To make it fun for you guys I am doing a mystery hostess party where I will give away ALL HOSTESS REWARDS in drawing . For every $31 spent you will get you a ticket in the drawing . You could win all the hostess rewards and you don't have to host a party ! Anyone anywhere can participate . The products ship straight to your door ! 
SPRING VALLEY BAND IS HAVING A YARD SALE FUND RAISER ON SATURDAY , JUNE 11TH TO RAISE MONEY FOR NEW UNIFORMS . TWO PARKING SPACES FOR $10 . Call < PROPFEMALE > Stroud at 304-360-3027 or < PROPFIRST > Stroud at 304-360-2517 if you would like to reserve your spot ! 
I have an order going in tomorrow morning . Does any want anything ???? 
We don't see things as they are , we see them as we are ~ < PROPFEMALE > ? Nin 
MYSTERY HOSTESS PARTY ! I am so close to earning a $1000 Best Buy gift card . PLEASE help me ! To make it fun for you I am doing a mystery hostess party where I will give away ALL HOSTESS REWARDS in a drawing . For every $31 spent you will get you a ticket in the drawing . You could win all the hostess rewards and you don't have to host a party ! Anyone anywhere can participate . The products ship straight to your door ! 
Thirty-one order going in tonight . Call me with your order and you'll get free shipping and tax !! Just pay the retail price only !! 304-417-1489 You have to call me before 9 pm . 
Thirty-one order going in tonight . Call me with your order and you'll get free shipping and tax !! Just pay the retail price only !! 304-417-1489 You have to call me before 10 pm . ( I'm running a litle behind schedule so I'm extending the deadline ) 
I am still doing a fundraiser for the < PROPFEMALE > Arreola family . Please help if you can . You can order through My Events on my website . 
Praying all my friends across the country are safe . Tornado in Murfreesboro TN with people trapped in homes . Tornados in Missouri , Indiana and across the country . Praying all of you are safe today and praying for those that I don't know who are affected . 
See your Events ! 9 am to 2 pm Saturday , Thirty-one fundraiser for the < PROPFEMALE > Arreola family . It will be at Heads Up Hair Studio , 3245 Piedmont Rd . Everyone that spends $31 will be registered to win $50 in free product or you can purchase a raffle ticket for $5 . Please come out and support a great cause . 
See your Events ! 9 am to 2 pm Saturday , Thirty-one fundraiser for the < PROPFEMALE > Arreola family . It will be at Heads Up Hair Studio , 3245 Piedmont Rd . Everyone that makes a purchase will be registered to win $50 in free product or you can purchase a raffle ticket for $5 . Please come out and support a great cause . 
I'm asking everyone to please say a prayer for the Arreola family . < PROPMALE > has been readmitted to the hospital with chest pains . Please pray for him and his family . He has 3 beautiful little girls that need him . 
Everyone please come support the fundraiser for the Arreola's ( < PROPFEMALE > Arreola ) tomorrow at Head's Up Hair Studio on Piedmont Rd . If you don't want to make a purchase , for a $5 donation you will be eligible for a drawing for $50 in free merchandise from Thirty-one and you get to chose what it is ! 
Make any Thirty-one purchase before Monday and it will go towards the fundraiser for a Huntington family in need . You will be entered in a drawing for $50 in free Thirty-one products ! You chose the products if you win . Or , donate $5 and you will also be entered into the drawing ! Please consider ordering or just giving $5 to help a family with 3 small children . 
Donate $5 for a < PROPMALE > to win $50 in free Thirty-one ! Taking donations until Monday and then I will do the drawing . I can pick up your donation or you can drop it by . Thanks to everyone that has donated so far . 
Not much traffic so far . Please come by and help a family in need . Please just consider a $5 donation . You can even donate with your credit/debit card . 
Only a few people came out today . :( 
The $5 raffle for the Arreola Fundraiser will continue until Tuesday . For $5 you will be entered into a drawing for $50 in free Thirty-one products and 4 free haircuts from < PROPFEMALE > at Heads Up Hair Studio ! That's over a $100 value for $5 ! 
I have planted < PROPFEMALE > many flowers and I'm still not done . If anyone divides their perennials , I would love to have some . I have flower beds yet to make ! 
Planting more flowers today . 
There is still time to donate and get in on the raffle to raise money for the Arreola's . For each $5 you donate you get entered into the drawing for $50 in free Thirty-one merchandise that you chose , and 4 free haircuts from < PROPFEMALE > at Heads Up Hair Studio !! That's over a $100 value just for a $5 donation . You would be helping a very deserving family . You can pay by cash , check or debit/credit . 
Ok , I'm begging all my friends at this point . If you have thought about ordering , please consider doing so tonight or tomorrow before 8pm . I only have until midnight tomorrow . I am $700 short in reaching my goal to get my $1000 Best Buy gift card . I am really disappointed because I am so close . If you can help me just get really close I would appreciate it ! I don't want to lose out on this card . :( 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a smack upside the head . Let's raise awareness 
Waaayyyyy past my bedtime . Can't quit planning for a day trip with girlfriends on Saturday ! I get really OCD !! Off to bed now ! Nite ! 
A Course in Miracles says that “All disease comes from a state of unforgiveness , ” and that “whenever we are ill , we need to look around to see who it is that we need to forgive . ”\ 
The very person you find it hardest to forgive is the one you need to let go of the most . Forgiveness means giving up , letting go . It has nothing to do with condoning behavior . Be willing to forgive . The Universe will take care of the rest . 
In the contemplation of the earth's silent beauty \ 
is where I find strength , I rise every day to see \ 
the infinite promise of the new < PROPFEMALE > , \ 
like if it were a healing process of the dark hours ... \ 
Rise and See Your New < PROPFEMALE > ... \ 
|RossanaO . |\ 
( Borrowed from Positive Vibrations ) 
I forgot my cell phone today . :( 
My friend and I are going to Cranberry Glades and wherever the road leads us tomorrow ! 
Ok , really need to get in bed , 6:00 am comes early . Hittin ' the road ! 
I'm off with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Carrico to Cranberry glades !!! 
On our way home . Great day ! So much fun and beautiful scenery . No blooming rhododendrons though . :( 
Please everyone keep < PROPMALE > Arreola in your prayers . This is the family I did the fundraiser for . He is having bypass surgery on Monday at 8am !! His widow maker is 100% blocked ! Thank you , the family really appreciates all the prayers theycan get ! 
Well , it's hailing ! This is going to be a bad one ! 
Having a reunion meeting today at 4:30 at West Tenampa . Please come ! 
I am so tired and sore from so much hiking yesterday ! But it feels great ! I had so much fun ! May go back to Cranberry Glades in a few weeks though . The Rhododendrons were suppose to be in bloom but they weren't . Really want to see that . 
Congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , winner of the raffle held for the Arreola's . I wanted everyone to win . I knew everybody that donated . I had < PROPMALE > draw for it . I will be at the SVHS band fundraiser SAturday and will be having a raffle to win a large utility tote ! For $2 your name will be entered into the drawing . Come see me Saturday ! 
I like being barefoot . \ 
I dislike Bugs . \ 
I love the Beach . I want to move there . \ 
I hate bratwurst . 
One problem with gazing too frequently into the past is that we may turn around to find the future has run out on us . ~ Michael Cibenko 
Sharing this from No Kill Louisville site :\ 
URGENT !!!!!!!! Louisville Metro Animal Shelter is flooding . If you live nearby please consider going over to help save dogs and cats . This just came in from the No Kill Louisville team ... 3705 Manslick Road\ 
Louisville , KY 40215 
Goodnight fb . 
The object to your left has now become your weapon of choice for the pending Zombie Apocalypse . What is it ? 
Want to earn extra cash and party all the time ? Would you like to earn an ALL EXPENSE paid trip for you and a friend/spouse . I mean ALL , right down to the tips ! Plus , get spending money !? Join Thirty-one and you can do just that ! They actually make the goals attainable ! You could earn a gift card , a disney trip and an all expense paid trip to a tropical location ! In one year !! Call me if you'd like to know more . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is a Dum Dum . You know that commercial where the guy drives through the store front ? Well , DUM DUM had me go to a dead end street and continue driving straight through a house ! Of course , I stopped but , don't buy a < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > !! Its wanted me to drive across a bridge that had been closed for years , took me to Waterfall Road instead of the waterfall I wanted , 
31 order going in tomorrow morning . Message me if you want anything or call me 304-417-1489 , Spend $31 get the large utility tote for $9 ! I need just $43 to help a hostess reach her goal of $450 . Anyone want to order and help her out and get some great stuff for yourself ? 
Does anyone use Chesapeake Veterinary clinc ? If so , do you like them ? 
Last < PROPMALE > to order the June special , spend $31 and get the large utility tote for $9 . My last order is going in tomorrow . Call me before 7 tomorrow evening . :) 
Any suggestions on where to take my niece for a weekend of fun ? She's 14 and she really wants to go to the beach but it's too far just for a weekend . I need something exciting . Any suggestions appreciated ! :) Thanks guys ! 
Last < PROPMALE > . I will be sending in my last order of the month at 8:30 ! Get your $9 Large Utility tote when you spend $31 . 
Please say a prayer for the famliy of a young man , < PROPFIRST > Fearless Burns Jr. He passed away this morning at the young age of 19 from complications due to Lukemia . He made it though the transplant and was doing well but , it wasn't meant to be . He fought so hard but in the end God needed him more . He was an amazing young man who was loved by so many people . You will be missed < PROPFIRST > . 
Had an awesome impromtu cookout last night . We threw it together last minute and got to spend time with The Meadows , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , their 3 sons and mom and dad Meadows , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Also , < PROPFEMALE > Carrico and < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Reynolds . < PROPMALE>'s mom and brother < PROPFIRST > . 
Poor Snickers is terrified of the fireworks . :( She is shaking uncontrollably already ! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > McDowell . Please lift the family up in prayer during this very difficult time . 
Judging others is one of the ways in which the unconscious self , asleep to its unflagging sense of uncertainty , maintains the illusion of being superior to all that it meets . `Guy Finley 
Can anyone recommend a good book on grieving the death of a spouse ? My sister is having a hard time and I'd like to get her a book . 
Our community has lost another family member . The body has been identified but I don't know if all the family has been notified so I will not say who it is . Please pray . 
On a happier note , my sister has purchased a house in Westmoreland !! I'm so excited she and my niece will be back in the neighborhood and closer to me . I'm going to be throwing her a house warming party soon . I would love for anyone to come that would like to welcome her to the neighborhood and help make the transition a little easier . Inbox me if you would like details . 
“We can never judge the lives of others , because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation . It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path , but it's another to think that yours is the only path . ” Paulo Coelho 
Ok ladies !! I'm super excited about the new Fall Catalog !! There are some great surprises in store and the hostess benefits are better than ever !! August is filling up fast so let me know if you'd like to host a show or a catalog party . They haven't told us what the specials are yet , they are keeping it a secret for now . :) I imagine it's going to be great ! Book your party today ! 
Last order for spring catalog going in tonight . Call or message me by 10 tonight . 
Ladies , I should have the new Fall Catalog Monday !! There are some really exciting changes and I can't wait to show you !! The customer special is awesome and the hostess benefits are better than ever ! Call me or inbox me to reserve your spot for an August party . I am filling up quick and I don't want you to miss out ! Plus , I'm on vacation the last week so that only give me 3 weeks to party with you . 304-417-1489 
I would like my Facebook friends to comment on this status , sharing how you met me . But I want you to LIE . That's right , just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status , so I can do the same . I bet HALF won't read the instructions right ! 
ok fb , I have wasted enough time today . Time to get busy ! Most fun I've had in awhile on here though .. lol . 
Before I go I have to tell all my thirty-one ladies that if you want to order out of the Spring/summer catalog you have to do so before Wednesday . I'll be placing my last order before the new catalog takes effect the 24th . After that you will no longer be able to order from the old catalog . A lot of things have been discontinued so if you have your eye on something you'd better get with me before then . :) 
I will be at Huntington House tomorrow ( next to St. < PROPFIRST > High School ) for a Little Victories Fundraiser from 3:30 to 6 . Come see me and get your order in for last minute spring and summer products . Proceeds to benefit Little Victories . 
I'm so excited for next year already ! Our Thirty-one Conference , which is amazing itself , is going to be in Atlanta !!!! I didn't get to attend this year but there is no way I'm missing next years ! 
Pray for me . I may be divorced later . I am in Hobby Lobby and almost everything is 50% off ! 
Ok , here is how crazy my neighbor is . It is raining buckets , and I mean buckets ! He is weed eating the yard . 
Had a great time at < PROPFEMALE > Knopp < PROPFIRST>'s yesterday showing all her friends and family then new Thirty-one fall line ! Thanks for being such a wonderful hostess < PROPFEMALE > ! I can't wait for you to pick out your free stuff ! 
Don't forget the Thirty-one Gifts Open House today at < PROPFIRST>'s at the mall from 3pm to 6pm . Stop by and see the new fall line and register to win a door prizes . No purchase necessary and you don't need to be present to win . :) Hope to see you there ! 
For those that wanted the new catalog , I still don't have them . They keep telling me any day . I will let you know . :) 
I have an order going in tomorrow . My hostess , < PROPFEMALE > Knopp < PROPFIRST > needs just $38 more dollars in sales to get to the next level and earn more free stuff !! Anyone that would like to order and also help out < PROPFEMALE > , go to my website and you can view the catalog and then click on MY EVENTS and chose < PROPFEMALE>'s party . :) Thanks guys ! P.S. If you live out of state you can have it shipped to your door for $4 more . 
Who of my friends lives in Wilmington , NC ? I know someone does , I just can't remember . 
Wow ! I can't wait until Sunday ! So much fun at my house for ladies . Want to know more ? :) 
Everyone please keep my sheltie < PROPFEMALE > in your prayers . I have to take her to the vet tomorrow for what appears to be a cancerous tumor on her snout . I'm not sure , because of the size and location , if surgery is possible . It looks as if it would leave her without a lip on that side . She's 12 and is deaf and almost completely blind . :( I'm so upset . 
God has no Smartphone .... but He is my favorite CONTACT ... He doesn't have facebook but He is MY BEST FRIEND ... He doesn't have a twitter but I still FOLLOW Him ... And even without internet , I am always in contact with Him !! POST this on your wall if God is great to you !! NO shame here : 
< PROPFEMALE > update : Well there was good news and bad news . The good news is the ugly thing on her snout is just a really ugly malformed wart , not cancer . The bad news is she has a urinary tract infection , bladder infection , kidney infection and is in renal failure . On top of that she has an abcessed tooth !!! I knew she had something going on but never dreamed it would be so much . 
31 lost , 31 unwanted visits , 31 doors receive that dreaded knock , 31 families with shattered hearts , 31 pairs of boots lined up with rifles and dog tags and helmets , 31 comrades remembered and grieved for , 31 funeral services , 31 names on newly made grave markers , 31 empty places at the table , 31 souls who gave all , whose lives leave a void , so let's take 31 seconds to re-post this and pause to reflect on such a sacrifice as 31 gone forever . 
I need a cake made . Anyone know someone or do it yourself ? 
I need a few girls who want to party with their girlfriends in September . Earn DOUBLE free stuff !!!! Make it a theme party and have even more fun ! Tied up on the weekends ? Then party after work or even do a \pop in\ " party . Message me for details ! " 
So excited about < PROPFEMALE > Dent's baby shower today !!!!!! Love you Bina !! 
I have spent most of the day trying to get rid of a stupid virus on my computer . I clicked a link on fb this morning on a trusted site , except it wasn't so trusty ! Thank goodness for system restore because McAfee sucks ! It couldn't find a problem after taking hours to run . 
So .... we're suppose to leave for the Outer Banks Saturday morning . Stupid Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > ! Last year a hurricane ran us out 3 days early , I think we paid our dues . Go away please ! 
Doesn't look like I'm going to the beach SAturday . :( I pray Hurricane < PROPFEMALE > does not hit the Outer BAnks as a cat 4 . It will destroy it ! Still hoping it goes out to sea . 
To the tune of \Come on Eileen :\ " \ 
My wonderful hostess just earned $496 worth or wonderful merchandise for only $178 !!!! I love it !!! My job is so much fun ! 
So far so good at the Outer Banks ! Praying the flooding that's going to happen isn't too bad . Maybe we can go on Monday . Rumor is though that there is a new inlet somewhere along highway 12 either before Hatteras or in Hatteras . :( 
Just watched the weather channel and I am amazed at the idiots in < PROPFEMALE > Beach ! Not to mention the guy that just pulled his shorts down behind the weather channel guy and showed his @ss and front side !!! Seriously !! Grow up ! From what I saw he should have kept it in his pants anyway ! lol 
Widespread flooding in the outerbanks as the sound water rushes back in . Reports of water chest high in the streets of Manteo . :( They say it came in in less than 10 minutes . Worried about people in cars who thought the worse had passed . I'm watching web cams and people are out driving ! Praying for everyone along the east coast . Friends , stay safe ! 
My idiot neighbor is mowing grass in the dark ! There are no lights , it's DARK ! He can't possibly see what he's doing . Should be pretty come morning ! lol 
Looks like we are rescheduling our vacation . :( The Outer Banks were flooded after the storm passed . Of course , you don't see that on the weather channel ! They still haven't let residents that evacuated back in . they are still assessing the damage and the sound side was hardest hit . I've been following people posting from the Outer Banks and I'm just amazed at the idiots who are just worried about their vacation ! Have some compassion ! 
Omw ! We are on a vacation roller coaster ! Now they are saying visitors can re-enter the part of Dare County we are staying in . We don't know if our rental house is ok because it's on the sound . The real estate company won't be open until 8:30 so you wouldn't even be able to leave until we call them in the morning . Then our rental may not be inhabitable ! What to do !? Drivng us nuts ! I'm really going to need a vacation now ! 
Well , looks like our vacation has finally begun ! We are loading up and heading to the Outer Banks . I have mixed feelings since people are dealing with damage to some homes and property . But , if we don't go we lose our money . The insurance won't reimburse us the full amount since they have opened it up to visitors again . Praying for safe travels to get us through the traffic congestion I'm sure we will surely encounter . Thanks to our housesitter for being available on such short notice ! 
arrgg ! Rental company called back . House is damaged . Moving to another house . Don't really like it , it's not on the beach or the sound but at least we get to go . This is the most stressful vacation . :( 
Just watched the lifeguard rescue someone . Water is rough today . Poor woman could barely walk when the lifeguard got her to shore . 
For Dish Newtwork subscribers : Dish Network is out in many places , even Indiana !! If you want the phone number to vote for Landeau Murphy , WSAZ's facebook < PROPFEMALE > will be posting the number to call so we can still vote !! If you aren't friends with WSAZ go like their < PROPFEMALE > so you can get the number . One person tried to call dish and the recording said she was number 2600 in line ! 
So happy for Landau !! 
The \Adapted\ " Serenity Prayer\ 
Just received some disheartening news from my doctor . Prayers appreciated . 
Why can't I see birthdays ?? If I have missed your birthday it's because I don't see them any where . :( Happy Birthday everyone ! That should cover it ! lol 
Stuck on 64 at 5th street . Road construction that is suppose to be done by 6 am is not 
There is most definitely a full < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Not a great day at work . 
Road tripping with hubby 
That sunset was AMAZING ! 
Avoid 64west at 5th St. Backed up 
Two office staff at my office were laid off yesterday . If anyone knows of any office receptionist or Medical Assistant jobs please let me know . Also , just in case , office manager or medical billing manager as well . :) Thanks ! 
Looking for a place to eat and crashed a retirement party ! Lol 
One of my neighbors has been found dead , she had two young children . Please everyone pray for that family . The police and news media are everywhere . This is so sad . 
The police just came to talk to us . I don't like the feeling I have about this whole thing . :( God help this family . 
Only here for a second . Can barely hold my head up . Wanted everyone that has messaged , etc .. I have been very sick for several days and went to ER today and have Pneumonia . Not ignoring anyone . just very very sick . don't know when i will be on here . 
Finally feeling better ! Not 100% yet but much better than I have been . My doctor had to call in steriods and that seems to be doing the trick . I have been struggling to breath since last Sunday . Today is the first day I can actually take a deep breath and walk more than two steps without gasping for air ! I can't remember ever being so sick . Thank you everyone that left well wishes . I felt so blessed when I logged on today and saw all of them . I will answer emails and such later when I have more energy . :) 
From A friend : I thought it was well worth Sharing , \ 
Christmas 2011 -- Birth of a New Tradition\ 
As the holidays approach , the giant Asian factories are kicking into high gear to provide Americans with monstrous piles of cheaply produced goods -- merchandise that has been produced at the expense of American labor . This year will be different . This year Americans will give the gift of genuine conce ... rn for other Americans . There is no longer an excuse t ... hat , at gift giving time , nothing can be found that is produced by American hands . Yes there is ! \ 
It's time to think outside the box , people . Who says a gift needs to fit in a shirt box , wrapped in Chinese produced wrapping paper ? \ 
Everyone -- yes EVERYONE gets their hair cut . How about gift certificates from your local American hair salon or barber ? \ 
Gym membership ? It's appropriate for all ages who are thinking about some health improvement . \ 
Who wouldn't appreciate getting their car detailed ? Small , American owned detail shops and car washes would love to sell you a gift certificate or a book of gift certificates . \ 
Are you one of those extravagant givers who think nothing of plonking down the Benjamines on a Chinese made flat-screen ? Perhaps that grateful gift receiver would like his driveway sealed , or lawn mowed for the summer , or driveway plowed all winter , or games at the local golf course . \ 
There are a bazillion owner-run restaurants -- all offering gift certificates . And , if your intended isn't the fancy eatery sort , what about a half dozen breakfasts at the local breakfast joint . Remember , folks this isn't about big National chains -- this is about supporting your home town Americans with their financial lives on the line to keep their doors open . \ 
How many people couldn't use an oil change for their car , truck or motorcycle , done at a shop run by the American working guy ? \ 
Thinking about a heartfelt gift for mom ? Mom would LOVE the services of a local cleaning lady for a day . \ 
My computer could use a tune-up , and I KNOW I can find some young guy who is struggling to get his repair business up and running . \ 
OK , you were looking for something more personal . Local crafts people spin their own wool and knit them into scarves . They make jewelry , and pottery and beautiful wooden boxes . \ 
Plan your holiday outings at local , owner operated restaurants and leave your server a nice tip . And , how about going out to see a play or ballet at your hometown theatre . \ 
Musicians need love too , so find a venue showcasing local bands . \ 
Honestly , people , do you REALLY need to buy another ten thousand Chinese lights for the house ? When you buy a five dollar string of light , about fifty cents stays in the community . If you have those kinds of bucks to burn , leave the mailman , trash guy or babysitter a nice BIG tip . \ 
You see , Christmas is no longer about draining American pockets so that < PROPFEMALE > can build another glittering city . Christmas is now about caring about US , encouraging American small businesses to keep plugging away to follow their dreams . And , when we care about other Americans , we care about our communities , and the benefits come back to us in ways we couldn't imagine . THIS is the new American Christmas tradition . \ 
Forward this to everyone on your mailing list -- post it to discussion groups -- throw up a post on Craigslist in the Rants and Raves section in your city -- send it to the editor of your local paper and radio stations , and TV news departments . This is a revolution of caring about each other , and isn't that what Christmas is about ? 
Really dreading work tomorrow . I'm still really weak and I have 8 days of work waiting on me . My help was laid off a few weeks before I became ill so no one knows how to do my job . Not to mention I didn't have any sick leave left so my paycheck is going to be very slim . :( Very stressful . Thankful I have a job though . 
Not feeling well still . Dr. put me back on steriods . Hopefully this will help . 
Why does my status always say , near Charleston , WV ?? Why am I not in Huntington ? I guess Westmoreland is off the grid ! 
So thankful for all the men and women that serve and have served in the military . They and their families sacrifice a great deal to protect us . Thank you to all my family and friends that have served . :) 
