Spicy hot chocolate that gets hotter after you take a sip is a good , good thing . Even better , when there are freshly made vanilla bean marshmallows in it . 

Studies have shown that black denim jackets decrease the wearer's dork factor by at least 15% 
Highlight of my day : wearing * rad * official promotional wristbands at work . Low point of my day : discovering I'm allergic to whatever chemical said wristbands are treated with . Hello , allergy rash . 
For Halloween this year , should I be a 30's movie vamp ( not vampire ) , or a 50's zombie housewife ? 
Anyone going out tonight ? I'm feeling uncharacteristically social . 
Insomnia Strikes Back ! 
is the only person on FB right now because everyone else is out doing things that normal people do on a Saturday night . 
Am I going to get any sleep any time soon ? \ 
* shakes magic 8ball*\ 
\Probably Not \"" 
Why d0 pe0ple use zer0s instead of o's in their 0nline dial0gue ? Guess I'm n0t c00l en0ugh t0 understand . 
What is up with these hideous shoes that are being advertised to me ? I will not buy them , < PROPFIRST > I Am ! 
But what if I don't want to keep up with the Kardashians ? 
It is apparently my civic duty to spend a day sitting on a crappy plastic chair , next to some smelly guy that snores , doing crosswords . 
My Life With The Thrill Kill Cult is playing tonight at the Beauty Bar !!! I'm going . 
I know those little credit/gift cards that can go on your key chain are cute ; 50 keys , 10 souvenir key chains , a bottle opener , a swiss army knife and a two-foot-long lanyard are not cute ... especially when trying to slide said card through a magnetic scanner . 
This is the weirdest laundromat I've ever been to . There's a massage chair you can pay to use . I'll probably have to use it after maneuvering through the < PROPFEMALE > spaces between all the machines . 
Nothing to end the night like a soft chocolate chip cookie and a glass of milk :) 
Should I go to Hooters with a friend from work and his friends ? Feel special , < PROPMALE > , that I'm even thinking about it ! 
Cheers to the friends who are there when things aren't easy , and to the ones who trust you in their time of need . 
Time to go spill coffee on myself and say nonsensical things to customers . Yay for opening shift ! 
It's pedi-cab season in downtown San < PROPMALE > . Yes , that splendid time of year when tourists pay desperate students/immigrants fifty bucks to take them , by bike-carriage , three blocks at . 00002 < PROPMALE > per hour in the middle of traffic . Serenity now ! 
When it's really hot and you're trying to find the coolest spot in the house , go to where the cats are . 
To love about working next to Comic Con : watching nerds taking over the Gaslamp , making lots of tips because I'm a female nerd , meeting random famous people that nerds like ( the guy from Quantum Leap , no kidding ) . Not to love : dealing with those nerds who are completely socially inept because they think they're smarter , and therefore better , than everyone else . 
Prop 8 is on trial today . I can't express the hurt I felt , a few days after my wedding , at its passing . I want reach the hearts of its supporters and show them that marriage should about the joy someone brings into your life , the completion that sharing yourself with another brings . Why would anyone want to < PROPMALE > that joy of another ? It's devastating . Let's hope the right decision is made this time . 
Sleep , you elude me for the second night in a row . What must I do to get you back in my life ? 
Driving along the coast + amazing sunset = :) 
Ant season has officially begun . Time to bust out the deep cleaning arsenal . 
Thanks , < PROPMALE > Mar racetrack , for paying for my weekend ;D 
Time to get down to business and start working on a portfolio of my dessert madness ! Let me know if you're in need of some cake/pie/meringue/cookie/eclairs . Just let me take a few pictures before you devour it . 
As if I wasn't already excited enough about TRON : Legacy , I just found out the original score was done by Daft Punk . I don't know if it gets any more rad than that . 
Today I spilled : half a cup of scalding hot coffee on my hand , a hopper of decaf espresso beans into a hopper of regular espresso beans , and most of a bowl of cereal ( with milk ) on my kitchen floor . Maybe I should go to bed before I do any more damage . 
Currently suppressing my inner adolescent , who is telling me I should get all gothed out , put my \I Voted\ " sticker on and strut about in La Jolla . Tee-hee . " 
Today , a parade is scheduled to go right past my store . This generally means a line out the door , down the stairs , ending who-knows-where . Wish me luck . Oh , did I mention the water heater's broken ? Weeee ! 
An evening full of baking pumpkin pies ... smells like Fall in my apartment :D 
Tonight a customer told me I was really nice ... that was really nice . 
The only thing better than Thanksgiving dinner : Thanksgiving leftovers sammich . 
As if it wasn't bad enough that the laundromat I frequent is always playing KYXY ; now it's KYXY Christmas ! That's right , easy listening renditions of all your ' favorite ' Christmas music ... nonstop . Thank goodness for my hand-me-down ipod . 
Fluffy bathrobe - check . Cup of hot decaf French Roast - check . < PROPMALE > season 3 disc 3 - check . It's going to be a good night . 
< PROPFIRST > Sanders is my hero . 
A Coach < PROPFEMALE > pack is still a < PROPFEMALE > pack . 
One husband-cooked French dinner + 2 glasses Pinot Noir + bed at 10:30 ( followed by 12 hours sleep ) = perfect New Year's . 
Up and ready for a company outing to Mammoth today . Here's hoping my first snowboarding attempt is kind to my vertebrae ! 
I'm having a psychic vision ... I'm seeing a bottle of Advil PM and a bathtub full of hot < PROPFEMALE > bubble-bath . What could it mean ? 
Watch out , I'm in one of those moods . Y'know , when I give you my bluntly honest opinion whether you want to hear it or not . Will not be surprised if my \friends\ " list is a little shorter at the end of the day . " 
Had to crank up the sub woofer to a level appropriate for listening to Daft Punk's new Tron soundtrack ... sorry downstairs neighbor . 
Obscure reference . 
What do you eat when you're super-hungry but can't eat anything because you have the stomach flu ? 
Rule of life number 74 : If you are patronizing a business that is not a bordello , it is not acceptable to put your hand on the waist(s ) of the employee(s ) of said business . Apparently there are people who are unaware of this rule . 
Coachella !!! Going to have a good birthday for sure ;D 
My cat destroyed my face . At least she avoided my eyes . 
I . Hate . Critical . Mass . 
Farmer's Market time . Heirloom tomatoes , here I come ! 
I seem to have missed the emergence of what I like to call the mountain-man hipster ; guys that look like < PROPFIRST > Bunion's 110 lb , vegan cousin . Flannel shirt , beanie , tight jeans and massive amounts of unruly facial hair . When did this happen ? 
Nights such as this are perfect for Eclipse hot chocolate ;D 
How is it that quitting caffeine has given me more energy and motivation ? 
Sinus infection . I think my eyeballs are going to explode :( 
Mardi Gras and St. < PROPFEMALE>'s in San < PROPMALE > = No parking/terrible traffic , huge crowds , crappy bands , overpriced food and beverage , and people getting sloppy drunk as an excuse to be obnoxious in public . How is this fun ? 
I finally feel ready to fall asleep ... now that I'm supposed to be getting ready for work . Of course . 
