Is hanging out with my 3 favorite girls and bubby too ! :) 

Got 2 hours , then on my way to Omaha :) 
Finally home from Baltimore !! :D 
Gonna see my very first CWS game today !! 
Oh bother .. I miss Baltimore already !! 
Ohhh , thank goodness it's storming !!! :D 
Whats goin on tonight ?? Hit me up on my phone ! 
Gonna be in Wedding Crasher mode tonight !! lol 
Happy Fathers Day to you all 
The only thing that makes a goodbye easy , is the prospect of a happy reunion . 
Is planning a getaway this week , just follow the road till I'm lost .. 
FB , fix your shit !! 
Cant hear fb calling me anymore .. Stupid FB .. :P 
FB , I'm pretty sure you would shun me if I opened up to you .. Why do you want to know whats on my mind ? 
Although I'm not a fan of them , I am this year !! Go LSU !! 
What a thrilling story , guess he finally decided to beat it .. :P 
Whats goin on tonight ? 
It's just about perfect outside ! 
I found out I DO have a bit of OCD .. If u look at my steps leading up to the front door , you can tell i travel up and down the stairs the same way most of the time .. I must be bored ... lol 
I imagine a good girl to be like a Corona .. Other beers may have nice labels and look good , and you may have some fun with them , but you will always choose a Corona if it's around .. 
Man my diet is working !! Muahahaha ! 
Yeah , not posting the last quiz I took .. Too much fam on here .. :O 
Dear advertisers , when you use my friends ' pics for advertising Hot Singles , make sure they are single .. 
Happy 4th of July !! 
It's been a looong day .. Gonna have some Corona and pass out .. : I 
This Chipotle looks delicious .. I want it in my mouth ! 
Anyone doing something exciting tonight ? Something different , I think .. Let me know !! 
One thing I have learned in life : You can't smoke without a cigarette . Thats it . 
Good news is , I need a belt , Bad news is , I don't like em .. 
If Americans had gods and goddesses like the Greeks did , I would be Casidious , the god of PWN .. 
Sometimes , don't you think what you do right now is only a cover , because you are scared to do what you really want ? Maybe because it's easier , it's more safe ? Story of my life ... 
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness ; it is generally the by-product of other activities . - Aldous Huxley 
< PROPFIRST > Minor likes your status . 
Im thinking some beer , followed by more beer . Hooahh ! 
Thank you for reminding me that I put the \Ohh\ " in \ " Corona\ " ! And so I did . " 
Finally got Lappy 2 working .. 
Groove Puppet - Cox Classic tonight ! Whos with me ?! 
Perhaps I should take my own advice , and either shit or get off the pot ... 
20 pounds to go , foo .. 
Could i have a coffee , Black ? 
After thousands of years with no response , you would think the wolf would stop howling at the < PROPFEMALE > . 
I am very tired of facebook acting up . 
I even tried to talk her into givin ' me the f *****' Dutch Rudder ... shot me down on that , too . 
Yay !! Storm !! 
Goodbye , Qwest ! 
Dude , where can I get me an affliction t-shirt ? hahahahahaha 
In honor of National Talk Like a Pirate Day , on September 19th , I will be switching facebook to Pirate Speak till then . 
< PROPFEMALE > is getting shots and a physical today . Looks like Ice Cream is mandatory for lunch !! 
No man is exempt from saying silly things ; the mischief is to say them deliberately . - < PROPFIRST > de Montaigne 
I just added someone who I probably don't even know . 
Drunk texting is a big possibility tonight . Be warned . 
I love the fact that I don't have to dread going to work on Monday ! Haha .. 
Season 1 of Lost took about 2.5 days . I must admit , I am now a fan , and on to season 2 
So I had a smoke in my mouth , and I went to the bathroom before I went outside . The smoke fell in the toilet . Darnit . 
Dear McDonalds : When I ask for cheese and mustard on my McChicken , it doesn't mean I want pickles . Thanks . 
Is hanging out with the awesomest person EVER ! :D 
Lol , I just called it Macaroni and Jesus .. 
Sorry about the profile pic , it was a dare !! 
It's hard to be Snoop D-O-Double G .. 
Too bad you cant see this , but there were chicken wings , burgers , shishkabobs , and i hear there was lobster tail . 
Why did I have to start watching Lost .. Now I'm hooked , oh well , on to season 3 
Done with Season 3 of Lost , almost caught up ! 
Oooooooohhhhhh yarrrrrr !!!!!!!!!!! 
I love seeing that half of Americas workforce is on facebook ! 
So I was driving home , and I see a sign that said my name on it . Right next to it , was a sign that said $8 Haircut . I didn't listen . Hahahha 
Why do I live in a neighborhood with mariachi music playing ? 
Spaghetti ? Good effin idea ! 
You're only as old as what you do on a Friday night . 
As I pirate , I'm gonna buy a case of rum , and drive a Toyota Yarr-is . 
I thought I told ya , playa ! I AM a somebody now ! 
The greatest challenge to any thinker is stating the problem in a way that will allow a solution . 
I would once again like to remind everyone of the greatest holiday ever made , International Talk Like a Pirate Day . < PROPFIRST > your calenders for Sept . 19th , cuz it's gonna be a good day , me hearties .. 
Wait , what ? 
Kinda wonder if they would take down my info , if I tried to purchase a ski mask . Wouldn't you kinda wonder ? I would be like \really ? your goin skiing ? \"" 
I like to fart in pillows 
Since I love < PROPFIRST > Swift , I am just going to say one quick thing about this debacle . Kanye , you are a coward . It didn't take courage to do what you did . You are an insult to your music , your family , and your friends . < PROPFIRST > , that was an awesome video . 
Holy Cow ! I'm gonna be 30 in 4 flippin ' days ! 
is hanging with the most amazing lesbian ever 
My 30th birthday is Saturday , lemme know if you can make it ! Oh yeah , it's also International Talk Like a Pirate Day , so make sure to get drunk on some rum beforehand . :P 
The worst time a person can have is when some Taco < PROPFEMALE > falls on thier elbow . You just wanna lick it off , but you cant ! 
I'm gonna hide from the world tonight . See you all tomorrow ! 
It has been brought to my attention that I have a birthday coming up . I am turning 30 on Saturday . Old jokes are fine , but Saturday Night , it's a Drama Free Zone . Take heed . You don't wanna see The Hulk angry . 
Become a fan of WOODY !!! Free burgers at TGIF if he gets a million fans !! 
Who's going out tonight ? It's my goodbye to my 20's celebration , and I need you all to come help !! 
If I haven't invited you out for tonight or tomorrow personally , come anyway !! My < PROPFIRST > on my info < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Happy International Talk Like a Pirate Day !! 
Yo < PROPFIRST > , I'm really happy for you , and I'm gonna let you finish , but my little cousin Nickey had one of the best birfdays of all time . Best birfdays of all TIME ! ... I'm just sayin ' 
First rule of my birthday : We don't talk about the Huskers . 
Is there anyone who may have found my camera last night ? 
Okay . This is the one time I'm gonna bring this up , so comment whatever you want , all you want . I was an ass for leaving my Birthday Party early . Sorry ! Just remember , I wouldn't leave yours early , but my party , my bag , baby !! 
This facebook is Horsesh** !! 
blah blah blah most amazing night ever blah blah !! 
Anybody really good at making signs ? Like posters and such ? 
You know your on facebook way too much when you know how to work around every facebook error . 
Let's see if I can make today a productive one . Hahahahaha ! 
I sit on my hands when I have something to say , rather then pursing my lips . Yes , I spend way too much time on the computer . 
I am in pain !! But well worth it ! 
Why are there so many technologies out today that are supposed to make life more simple that do exactly the opposite ? Digital TV , HD Radio , and facebook are all good ideas , if someone would have had the brains to make sure they worked well . 
I would put up some pictures from last night , but you would all get jealous . Plus my camera was MIA for the night .. 
I tie and hold , capture and bind , yet both knights and knaves doth crave me . I faithfully enslave all within my grasp , whether or not they seek me . Yet those who have never felt my unmerciful hand , are pitied by their fellow Man ... 
I don't know what's worse . The neighbors blasting mariachi music or < PROPFEMALE > Aguilera ... 
Today seems to be \Casey pisses off the world day\ " . Sorry if my reactions to whatever is going on upsets you . " 
Riddle of the Day : If you see me backwards , I am a diety , but I have a wet nose . What am I ? 
Im a friggin copycat !!! 
How do I not know any of my family on my Dad's side ? This needs to change !! 
Camel is really good at what they do . They even send me cards on my Birthday !! How could they be bad , if they love me so much ?? 
Just discovered that one of my great-great-great-great-grandmothers died here in Omaha , in 1846 . She was one of the deaths that winter , while trying to get to SLC . Weird Mormon history I have in this town , and didn't even know it ! 
Blah blah blah funny status blah blah ... 
Smoking . I'm gonna try to be done with it today . This might be hell .. 
I have made a decision . I am planning on avoiding cigarettes , and drinking more . I know that may seem a little too health concious , but I have to do it . 
Woohoo ! The first 9 episodes of Lost season 5 are finally on Hulu !! 
Know It All Ball says \Not Gonna Happen\ " when I ask it \ " Should I be a worker bee ? \ " . ( a know it all ball is a really cool magic 8 ball ) " 
Let's see how honest FB friends are . Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can be only one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave one word about you . This should be interesting . Keep it going 
You know what's scary ? The Channel 3 weather girl . You know what's scary and wrong ? Said weather girl talking about the \S\ " word tomorrow . FU Scary Weather Girl !! " 
Why do idiotic people get more idiotic when it snows out ? 
Mmmm , oldest cheeseburger they had available ! Thanks BK on 30th and Dodge !! 
Holy Cow !! 40 facebook updates just spammed my phone !! Hahahahaha 
I was told Wednesday was my lucky day . If that's true , I'm hiding for the rest of the week . 
Just got some chips and dip , and a full case of Mountain Dew . I'm gonna love every second of tonight , and probably feel like utter shit tomorrow . 
FB no longer stands for just facebook , it also stands for FUBAR . Funny how they go so well together . 
My sister is in town from Vegas .. I'm gonna hide in one of her suitcases when she flys home !! Get me outta this crap ! 
Here is another witless saying by < PROPFIRST > F . Minor : Enjoy every ounce of happiness , and never question it ! Stop thinking in black and white , and just chill ; you will end up wherever the road takes you . Enjoy the ride ! 
I think I have a monthly cycle , seems I go into idiot mode around this time every month .. Lol 
If You Like Pina Coladas , And getting caught in the rain .. If you're not into yoga , If you have half a brain 
< PROPFIRST > Flinstone liked your status . 1 stone age ago 
I know this is gonna sound weird , but ... I have an interview tomorrow !! Wish me luck !! 
It tells me to try Facebook Lite . I thought Miller were the only ones who called it \Lite\ " .. :/ " 
Yup , it's gonna be a cheap Halloween . I'm gonna put my natty lite in a Corona coozie , so it will be in costume . 
Wow .. I stayed up this late for Cafe World to NOT work ?? 
Internets off < and I have to work today ... Life is effing weird ... 
Thanks for the party last night , Count Brentula !! 
I found internet !! It was lost ... 
Let me get this straight . You know her . She knows you . But she wants to eat him . And everybody's okay with this ? 
Anything exciting going on for tonight ?? 
I decided that I would dress my charactor up for Halloween in Cafe World , because I'm too broke to buy a real costume .. Lol 
Hmm , a new Sex in the City game .. Both things I'm interested in , maybe I should start playing .... 
Go Phillies !! 
Someone remind me to hit the ' AM ' button on my alarm clock ... No wonder I didn't wake up at 10:30 this morning ... :P 
V !! 
Wow . I need to escape ! 
I know it looks like the spotlights are coming from my house , but there is another cool attraction down here now !! Midtown Crossing !!! 
I thought my phone was broken , but then I remembered nothing works in Nebraska during Game Time .... 
A friend of mine just got a call for telephone service . This is what happened . customer called in for service . My friend asked him what his street name was . he said \j money\ " .... He laughed and said \ " I meant your address playa \"" 
The McRib is the best thing in the world !! Thank goodness I got 2 ! Nom .. Nom ... 
All I see all over my facebook is a conversation between Candle and < PROPFEMALE > ... Wow !! 
Anyone know a good way to knock yourself out ? No pain involved , please .. 
Man , Chocolate Chip cookies sound damn good right now ! 
Got the windows open and the music up ! What a peaceful afternoon .. 
Dude , you can do Upside Down English on facebook now .. It's a wonder I get anything done ... 
OMG , Friday the 13th ! Ahhhh !! 
An oldie , but a goodie , and no I'm not talkin ' about < PROPMALE > .. \I put the ' Oh ' in ' Corona'!\ "" 
I wish you would .. 
Corona on Friday Night - $26.00 Gas for the night - $12.50 86 comments on my status - 1 Giant headache Going out again tonight - Priceless 
Just survived an Earthquake , and had the time of my life . Good Weekend . 
Perfect < PROPMALE > and Cheese weather ! 
Partay Time !!! Woot ! 
Life is good today ! :D 
I need < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Thanks for giving me an idea , < PROPMALE > Niemann ! My favorite drink , a marga-daiquiri-screw-aloda-on the beach . 
Pretty sure everybody I know is going to New < PROPFEMALE > soon . 
My cousin plays for CSI , it's a college in southern Idaho . She is in the semi-finals for the NJCCA National Championship Volleyball . They just won their first two games , and are soon to win the last two !! Go CSI !!! The games are at the < PROPMALE > in Council Bluffs if you're thinking about going . 
Sooo excited for tonight ! It's gonna rock ! :D 
How much time do we have ?? 
Had the best time last night !!!!!! :D 
I'm gonna take a poll . Should I add the baby mama's best friend to fb ? She requested me . Or is that just playing with fire ... ( baby mama is an ex ) 
I keep opening up chocholate bars , hoping to find a < PROPFEMALE > ticket .. 
Wait , now fb has pop up adds ? I am really thinking about finding something else . fb is getting annoying . 
Since I'm not going to stop using the internet , I am going to avoid fb chat . If you want to talk to me and I'm not on fb chat , I will be on MSN messenger . I hate you , fb chat ! 
Gobble gobble !! 
Fun day ! Bowling with < PROPFEMALE > , then she gets to show me what I need to spend my money on ! :) 
is Happy ! :D 
Hmmm , leftover pie , or other leftover pie .. I can't decide ! 
so my phone autocorrects ' retard ' to ' retaaahd ' . i LOVE being a masshole ! 
On a scale of one to < PROPFIRST > Brown , how angry are you ? 
has a bit of a cold . Hope it's gone by the weekend , cuz it's gonna be epic ! 
Zac Brown Band tonight !! This is gonna be awesome !!!! 
I want a phone plan that has unlimited nights , weekends , holidays , and snow days .. 
No money , too much snow , little car , and short on smokes .. I'm gonna friggin hide !! 
Looking for a job , let me know if you have any leads ! 
It sucks being snowed in for the last 48 hours ! Hope everyone had a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
I told her to talk dirty to me and she said \dust\ " lol " 
Final Score 33-0 ? Nice ! 
Words can't express how excited I am to make January 1st our own personal version of The Hangover . Tonight is going to be epic ! Can you pre-book an ambulance ? 
Just Do It ! 
has a blast commenting about his deeds in the third person . 
I <3 < PROPFEMALE > Motha Fckin Gabrie !!! She is the coolest girl in the world !!! 
Totally ... Totes McGotes . 
Okay , someone spilled the beans .. I know !! Hahahaha !! 
sEE HOW PEOPLE RATE YOU !!! 1 = crazy , 2=i'd marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = i miss you , 6 = on top of your game , 7 = moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13 = funny , 14 = fit , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = wifey type , 19 = player , 20 = i love you , 21 = gorgeous ..... 
It's WAYBACK WHEN WEEK !... Everyone change your profile picture to a throwback pic of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this to see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were ! 
Dear email account : Please have a good paying job waiting for me to take waiting for me . I will see you soon , Love you . 
feels more loved than chocolate . :D 
You know it's a recession when a lawyer will return your phone call before a job lead will . Blah ! 
Phone interview at 3 for the most amazing job !! Wish me luck !! 
Tonight I'm getting ready to stumble , tomorrow I'll get ready to RUMBLE !! 
is hoping for a LOT of luck for tomorrow !! Big day hopefully !! 
Dear Baby-Mom , I will not be your friend on facebook . It's not me , it's you . Lol 
loves going through his clothes and finding his girlfriends hair all over them . :D 
BlackBerry PIN is 31384E16 
My Horoscope : You are right on the brink of a very exciting venture that could eventually take you to new heights as far as your career goes . Malicious gossip needs to be ignored , because you know who you are , and you also know those spreading the gossip are just jealous . Don't allow their envy to drain energy you need for bigger and better things . 
My Tarot Card : Relief . The worst is over and you can put it behind you . Beginning of a new cycle soon . A gift from a distance . You are able to focus on yourself . Take what you have learned and bring about a new goal and plan . You got through something unscathed . A bit of luck has come your way , use it to your full advantage . You may receive news that you have won something . 
DOPPELGANGER WEEK During this week change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete ) you have been told you look like , and repost this message . 
Taxes are DONE ! Thanks Uncle < PROPFIRST > !! 
Oh , him ? He's just my friend < PROPMALE > .. Don't worry about him .. 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and past this as your status .. Then Put the first entry for your name under comments :) 
So I heard someone call Valentines Day VD . Kinda makes me scared to celebrate it . :O 
Amended Doppleganger week : Now switch to the cartoon version of your celebrity Doppleganger !! 
New and Improved Casey™ !! Now scannable !!! 
is laughing after listening to his ringtone from Geico \Ring-a-Ding-Ding-Dong \"." 
Getting ready for the most fun weekend ... EVER !!!! 
Leaving this winter wasteland and going south to KC for the weekend , I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > set aside this whole weekend Just for Me !!! Hope ya'all have a good Valentines weekend , too !! 
BlackBerry + Pandora + Surround Sound System = Pretty effin cool !! 
Ground is now winning in the Ground to Snow Ratio !! Woot !! 
Blah blah blah snow sucks status blah blah . 
If your name is Caesar , it may be a good idea to hide today . Or just check all your buddies for knives . Thanks for the proper spelling , < PROPMALE > 
My girlfriend gave me a Gold < PROPFEMALE > for doing something responsible today . Finally , a girl that understands my needs !! 
My first attempt at Corned Beef and Cabbage shall commence in 30 minutes !! Hope it turns out well !! 
is starting work on Monday !! 
Dear Internets , Today I start work . It has been fun , and I will see you every once in a while , but I gotta tell ya , I'm glad to have a job ! 
Goin back in time tonight in a Hot Tub !! Woot !! 
Happy Easter everybody !! 
Why are you so sweaty ? I was watching Cops .. 
Just discovered for the fifth time that I can only put up with about 10 minutes of < PROPMALE > Daily . It's like checking a bear trap with your foot over and over ! My resolution is to watch Hulu more ... 
Anybody know about the UFL coming to Omaha ? By the way , what the heck is the UFL ? 
Just received an email from Sprint saying they made an adjustment in my favor for 20 bucks ! I have done a complete turn around on my thoughts on Sprint in the past 6 months , and can now gladly say , go to Sprint !! You won't be disappointed ! 
Mmmm ... Thunder ! :) 
?? I wish you would ?? 
She just said \you just squirted it right in my face\ " haha " 
This cold better be gone by this weekend !! Grrrr 
How many of you really know all of the people on your friends list ?? I mean personally know ! Here's a task for you .. I want all of the people on my list to post how they met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be ! :D 
Can we all just agree to call female DB's \Baguettes \"?" 
I realize daily how ecstatic I am to have a girl named < PROPFEMALE > Gabrie in my life !! Still happy I met her that one night at Dipstix . <3 
For the first time ever , it only took one shot to get my tie right . Plus , the interview was good . Hope the boss man feels the same way ! 
Earlier I saw two younger guys on the porch of my neighbors house . I went back inside for a bit , and then went outside again just now . I looked over and saw two older guys sitting on the same porch talking . I then thought to myself \Shit ! How long was I inside ?! \ " . The End . " 
One of the things that keeps me in this town , is knocking on my door right now ! Welcome back , thunder !!! :D 
I think my pizza was laced with roofies .. I'm about to pass out , and have no clue why ....... 
Only 15 minutes left before noon !! I have some work to do if I wanna be drunk by then ... 
Diggin up my moms yard , and hangin with Kenz ... Not sure what wears me out more ! :D 
May Day ! May Day ! May Day ! 
Feliz Dos de Mayo !! Yay . 
I'm tired of sending out Birthday Wishes to everyone , so Happy Birthday , facebook ! This message should do it for the year , I think ! 
is a Lucky Dude ! :) 
I have an odd yearning for a Burrito and some Corona . Wait , I always want a burrito and some Corona . I celebrate this day year round ! 
I am now working at Omahanightlife.com, and I\ 
have a \more public\ " profile now . I am leaving this one open to my \ 
hates wearing a jacket !!! Boooo !! Weather Fail . 
I tried to avoid it , but it's laundry day !! Yaya ! 
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms I haven't had the < PROPMALE > to contact personally !! I really hope you have good ones . 
wtff !! It's May already !! Warm up ! 
Yard work , then time to relax ..... :) 
What a lovely fricken virus . Boo !! 
Its the weekend ( finally ) and I feel an earthquake a'brewin! 
MMMMMmmmmfreeeebeerrrmmmmm !!!!! Gator O'Malleys 7-9 
< PROPMALE > season finale ! Thank goodness there's gonna be a season 4 ! 
( Great White Buffalo ) 
\Once 
Anatidaephobia is the fear that somewhere in the world , there is a \ 
duck watching you . 
Feeli just a wee bit crispy today .. 
Still think hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > would have been more fun !! 
Got the next 9 days off , and I don't want to be bored . Let me know if you need someone to help you with a project ! I like beer and food , BTW ... 
This just in : I am gay . 
likes ' Hiding people who \like\ " every group they see ' . " 
Dear Guywhostolemyradio , \ 
The joke is on you , pal . The radio is on it's last legs . Have fun with it , and thanks for not breaking anything on my car . - < PROPFIRST > 
Just figured out how to login as a superuser in linux , I can feel myself getting more geeky every second . 
<3 T <3 
A week ago I wished I would somehow magically have a few hundred dollars drop in my lap . I just checked the mail for some reason , and found a check ( addressed to me ) worth $307 . It's from my old jobs ' retirement plan . I have no clue how this happened !!! The wierd part is , it's post marked June 7th , 1 week ago exactly . 
Salt and Pepper Hair !! Salt and Pepper Hair ! Salt , salt salt salt and pepper hair !! \ 
Why do they sing about old people ?! 
Gone frofling ! 
Just installed Windows 7 . It's so easy , \ 
I'm pretty sure it was my idea . 
Caught a hotdog at the Royals game ! Woot ! 
They have all \ 
the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire . 
The universe must be bi-polar . Had a really sucky day yesterday , and an awesome one today . What a rollercoaster !! 
<3 I'm so thankful facebook let's me know when a picture has changed <3 
I sense a good weekend of binge eating and drinking coming on ! Gonna be a top ten , I know it !! 
Went to bed at 9 , got up at 6 ... What's wrong with me ?! 
Oh you pretty\ 
Chitty bang bang , Chitty chitty bang bang , \ 
we love you . And our pretty \ 
Chitty Bang Bang , Chitty chitty bang bang loves us too . \ 
High , Low , Anywhere we go , on Chitty Chitty we depend\ 
Bang bang chitty chitty bang bang\ 
!!!! CHITTTTYYYYY !!!! 
Wow ! Wells Fargo has no idea where $29 of my money went . Kinda makes me wanna stuff all my money under my mattress ! Or get a different bank ... 
Not diggin ' this get off work at 7 bologna ! I guess I should be happy I have a job ... 
One week until I start my new job at PayPal !!! 
Gettin ' ready for a wild , wild weekend ! Investors ? Possibly You ! 
Somehow very excited to get up at 5:30 for my first day at PayPal tomorrow ! 
I would hate to deliver ice for a living , I get chills just thinking about it ! 
My girlfriend is a crazy cat lady . 
Evidently , chicks dig scars , not emotional wounds . 
My mom always told me to use a little common sense . Not wanting to disappoint her , that's exactly how much I use . 
Thanks for all the Birthday Wishes ! It was a happy one . :) 
Hooray for Premiere Week !! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s dad is the best BBQ chef in the world ! Try his spare ribs out at RCR tonight , and vote for team Blue < PROPFEMALE > for peoples choice !! 
Wow . Parked under a street light , and the idiot in front of me still backs into my car ! 
Good decisions rarely lead to good stories . 
I'm starting to form a bad habit of being a hard worker ... 
Moving Day ! \ 
Moving Day !! 
Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood .. 
Dropped my phone in the lake .. Still works !! 
Really ? Who still wears a Bulls Starter jacket ? Its 2010 ! 
Im pretty sure there are very few people who want my opinion of them , so I will change it up a bit . Send me a number in a message , and I will put on my status what I think you want to hear . :P 
3333- We are best freinds , and I tell you daily what a great person you are . You are most likely one of the best moms out there , and a hit with the dudes . You always get your man , and have the best taste in them as well . 
My fantastic , wonderful , amazing daughter turns 7 today , and I get the privilege of spending all day with her !! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !! 
i'm not sure , but I'm pretty sure this app is cool . * Spoken w/ Vlingo - http://vlingo.com 
When all else fails , blame < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . 
Epic . 
What is the ' guy ' equivalent to a ' cougar' ? 
Dear < PROPMALE > Flowers , Thanks for being wrong ! 
I'm sorry , but when you said your credit card machine wasn't working , it sounded like you said free movie ... Oh , thanks !! ( Score ) 
What's on your mind ? 
Droid .... 
