-insert witty comment here- 

Finally !! I'm making some dinero !!! 
Went on an amazing zipline adventure yesterday . Today is slow ... laundry , setting apts , and picking up the house . 
Zumba class today ! Otherwise , hangin out and cleanin up . 
Watching \The Haunting of CT\ " with my mother and absolutley horrified ... " 
Decided I'll be leaving for St < PROPFIRST > the 14th instead of the 15th . 
Well , I arrived in St < PROPFIRST > last night . I'll be here or over a week . Time to reunite with my girls ! 
\She thinks my tractor's sexy ! \"" 
I have the best hall ever !! Legacy ROX !! This year is going to be the best ! 
The ladies of the Land of Legacy united and waged war against the Kingdom of Koinonia , The attack was fierce but the battle has not been won . Onward we fight !! 
Are you as bored as I ? Doubtful ... 
:( 
Who wants to dress up and go to Late Skate this Friday ? Let's do it !! :D 
Late skate was fun ! Dressed up as a white , wannabe gangster . :D 
I feel like death warmed over . 
Is finally finishing her presentation on post-partum psychosis . 
My presentation on postpartum psychosis went amazing !!!!! My prof was thoroughly impressed ! :D * HAPPY DANCE !!! * 
I just realized how much fun speech settings are on my computer !!! 
Has two papers due in nine to ten hours that I have barely begun . Procrastination , ole < PROPMALE > ole pal , you never let me down ! :p 
Mmmmm ! Went ahuntin ' for one ugly duck !!! :} 
Good day ! 
Please keep me in your prayers these upcoming weeks . I'll be honest and say that I am struggling with school and need prayers . Thank you ! 
I would be one step closer to dieing happy if I knew how to spin fire poi . Oh yes ! Don't know what it is ? Youtube it . It will blow your MIIIIND !!!! :D 
Just truckin ' down the road called Life today . :] 
A Facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key , then press up , down , or click & Magic circles will appear ! The only way to stop it is to log off or reload the < PROPFEMALE > ... IT WORKS ! Put this as your status IF IT WORKED FOR YOU 
Happy New Years everybody !! 
I smelled a stuffed animal in your bathroom because I'm cool like that . 
I really miss my parents internet service . :[ It's so slow back at school . 
It's past two in the morning and I'm teaching myself how to draw correct female body proportions ... Why am I not an < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > again ? o.o 
Reduced fat Jif is definitelty not as good as the original ... 
Start ofthe new semester and I just pulled an all-nighter . Ah , procrastination , you never let me down . 
... I miss my Mom ... 
hasn't slept all night . So what do you do as motivation ? You dress up !! :D 
I love that light feeling in your chest when you know it's gonna be a good day . :] 
I would jump for the < PROPMALE > to be a French history < PROPMALE > !! 
I want me some African Violets . :] 
Had three hours of fitful sleep and I'll be heading off for a histroy final soon . Also have a paper due today that I'll be working on afterwards ... due at 2 . And after that ?? Lots and lots of homework . ... at least I had a fun weekend , right ? :[ 
Lets gather ' round the campfire and sing our campfire song . Our C-A-M-P-F-I-R-E S-O-N-G song . 
Out in the Student Center doin ' homework with < PROPFEMALE > . Anybody want to join ?? 
I'm so stressed and up in the air about where I am heading and what I am putting my efforts into that I just want to scream !! Somebody just give me the answers !!!!! 
Well , today is the last day at JBU . ... I'm at a loss for words ... 
I'm in St < PROPFIRST > safe and sound . Drov e throuht he night and got here at 5 am . I miss my sisters aready . You know who you are !! <3 
Took the dogs to the groomers . Haha , they don't look like they've been living in the dimpster behind Denneys anymore . :p 
... I'm not receiving updates about my profile . :[ 
Watchin ' Boondock Saints II : All Saints Day . Boondock Saints is my all time favorite movie . They did a pretty good job , but there was no way to top the first movie . :D 
is excited to see all her JBU girls on the first through the third . :D 
... packing for tomorrow's trip to St < PROPFIRST > . 
Can I get yo numbah Can I ?? Can I have it ??? 
treasure isle 
Ah , just waitin ' til Monday ! * insert girlish squeal here * 
The second day of the move is coming to a close . I am EXHAUSTED ! 
Yay !! I got my internet set up !!! Now I have to figure out how to use it wireless . :D 
Hmmm , not long after I get my internet set up , my computer decides not to turn on anymore . > [ Back to using my mother's computer and back to the Apple store for help . :p 
I'm in a sad place . I realize that I have let what should be most important to me slip away to allow simple and short-lived pleasures into my life . It's time to step back , reevaluate things , and have the courage to put everything on the line for my own personal health and happiness . A lot of tough introspection on the way . It's time to have a hear t-t o-heart with a certain Father . We haven't talked in a while . 
Just finished filling out a job application . Finger crossin ' time ! 
You know ... I just ... GAH ! -no comment- 
What's with these animal shaped rubberbands ? O.o Why so popular ?? 
Is it possible to have a busy yet slow day ? I feel like I am having one of those . 
Why write some longwinded status to try and hint that I am all deep and depressed . Why not just say it in plan text ? Status : I'm depressed . Short and sweet . 
Cleanin out the closet of my fall/winter garb and preparing for a badly needed summer wardrobe . This calls for SHOPPING !!! 
Saturday night and home alone . Booooring . :/ 
Had an amazing time with < PROPFIRST > last night . :D 
Sluggish today . Blech . 
Neon Trees . Now a BIG fan ! 
I have officially blocked farmville . Yeah , I went there . 
Had a firework whiz straight in front of my windshield while driving through the neighborhood . Nice aim ... jerks . 
Being responsible kinda sucks sometimes . ... oh well . :) 
First early mornin in a looooong time . Woke up before the sun came up . 
Went to outback steakhouse w < PROPFIRST > last night . Delicious !! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Apparently Kings Island liked my application , cuz this chick was just asked to come in for an audition/class session on Monday !!!! :D 
Can't wait until September is over and October is here !! 
bummed ... 
Computer applications and an algebra class today . 
Completely not enthused about going to Biology today . 
... is completely psyched that it's starting to feel like fall outside !! 
... is psyched that it is starting to feel like fall outside !! :D 
Laying in bed and feeling like death warmed over . Hobbes is keeping me company though . :) 
Time to take control . Time to focus on the present instead of stressing about the future . Time to accept the fact that I am living in the adult world . 
My bed just happens to feel the comfiest when I have to get up and go to class . 
Received the call this mornin . I've just been hired to work at Buckle . :D 
Sick in bed . :-( 
Takin ' care of business . 
Watching a documentary on body modifications . 
I am actually being proactive and getting homework done , sitting at Cinci State computers , preparing ... and I have no homework . For the first time in my life , I wish I had homeowork . 
Pissed off at Pearson Education's MyMathLab . I install all the necessary plugins and it refuses to accept them . Awesome ! Can't do homework and can't study for my quiz . This is CRAP ! 
Been on Facebook now for 20 minutes ... This is the longest I've been actively mulling around the site in a looong time . 
Pls prof , cancel class tonight . I'd rather not slide off the road when merely leaving my apartment complex . It looks like no one has touched the road leading to Hamilton-Mason . 
Despicable Me . :) 
I really need a good set of oil pastels . :/ Hmmmmmm ... 
Anybody want an orange tabby ? :/ 
Good day today ! I was taught how to change my car's oil and filter and how to make wanton wraps . MMMmmm . :) 
Sick . 
Watchin ' < PROPFIRST > play Dead Space . 
An hour ago I was nervous about the new term . Now after some preparation I am just psyched ! 
While I do homework , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > plays video games on both his computer and the PS3 at the same time . 
You and me baby ain't nothin ' but mammals ... 
< PROPFEMALE > !!! 
... is screwed in her Pubic Speaking class because she didn't go to two classes and instead attended her Great Grandmother's funeral in < PROPFIRST > , Texas . Awesome . 
After much resistance , < PROPFIRST>'s got me hooked on < PROPMALE > . 
Personal Goal :\ 
\ 
In 6 months teach myself how to airbrush body paint , mold prosthetic , build a wig and create a costume and props so that < PROPFIRST > Slusher can be a Na'vi for Halloween and I can have something to put in my portfolio . 
