HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

Let's Bring on the ' Eers !!!!!! Let's GOOOOOOooooooOOOOOOO Mountaineers !!! 
It's OK .... WVU is still tops in my heart . At least I can say I cheer for all WV teams . Let's Goooooooooooooooo Mountaineers ! You have made me proud !! 
Inviting all of my friends that may know < PROPFEMALE > and have not heard to a benefit for Zaine Braxton < PROPMALE > tomorrow night at the VClub in Huntington . Zaine was my nephew , but , most importantly , < PROPFEMALE>'s son , that passed away of a heart defect almost 5 years 
Happy Fathers Day to all you Dad's out there . 
Chillin ' in Cacapon ! Tired from a long trip ! Prayers for the injured and thier families in the DC Metro collision . 
Going to the eye doctor to take care of this scratch ... hit the cell if you need me . 
If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , POST A COMMENT with a memory of you and I . When you've finished , post this paragraph into your own status update and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you ! 
Off to bed . Huge day tomorrow ! Night all !!! 
Trying to decide what to get into . 
Going to < PROPMALE > World !! YEEEEEEHAWWWWWWWWW 
Fixing up < PROPMALE > a Facebook .... hehehehehehe 
If you get a notification that says a friend reported you to Facebook for being offensive or in violation of terms of service , do NOT click it . It's a virus . Please post this on your own < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Should be packing for the week away , but , I am lacking motivation ! 
Finally packed , now I need to sleep . 
believes that no one should die because they cannot afford health care , and nobody should go broke because they get sick . 
Let's GOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOO Mountaineers !! 
T-minus 45 minutes until kickoff time ... Let's GO ' EERS .... and as much as it pains me to say this .... Good luck Herd ! ( Yes , < PROPFEMALE > , I actually said it !!! ) 
< PROPFIRST > that down as \W\ " number one ! Way to Goooo Mountaineers !!! " 
Thoughts and prayers go out to my family from Emergency Services in the Kanawha Valley . I may not be with you anymore , but , I mourn right along with you . Praying for the Charleston Police officers and their families on this sad morning . Please keep each other safe and be careful . 
Someone knows where < PROPFIRST > is and she better be home soon or the cops will be looking . 
Child located , crisis averted , for now . 
Thanks you guys for all the well wishes and attempts to make me feel better . You guys are the best . 
Had an interesting time in Mo'town . A little bit of everything happened , but , the people that I work with , both in the office and abroad ..... I couldn't do it without any of you !! Thanks to you all ! 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOT ! Let's Go ' Eeers !!!!!! 
Let's see how honest friends are .... Leave a one word comment that you think best describes me . It can only be one word . No more . Then copy and paste this on your wall so that I may leave a word about you . THIS SHOULD BE INTERESTING ... 
To all the St. Albans Alum out there in FB land .... how many of you guys are going to the game Friday and the activites for the 100th year celebration on Saturday ?? 
WTG ' EERS ! A win is a win !!! Now let the mayhem begin ! 
Way to go ' Eers !!! 
Way to go Mounties !! 
Let's GOOOOOOOooooooooOOOOOOOO Mountaineers !!! 
Let's GooooooOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooo Mountaineers !! 
Let's GooooooOOOOOOoooooooo Mountaineers ! 
Thankful for so many things today . Thank you Veterans , Active Duty members and those that go without them , the families , for all that you did and do . Thank you for keeping us free ! 
Getting my conference on in Baltimore ! 
I can't believe that these words are about to be uttered from my mouth , however ...... Let's Go Buckeyes !!! 
Game is over , I can go back to being a OSU hater .... 
Very thankful for my family and the true friends I have . True friends are so hard to find . < PROPFEMALE > your family and true friends , for they are always there for you . 
Let's Bring on the ' Eers ! Let's GooooOOOOoooo Mountaineers !!! 
What a DEVINE moment ! Let's GoooOOOOoooo ' Eers !!! Keep up the momentum ! 
Gotta love the PICK !!! Let's go ! 
OK , I was sick to my stomach ..... kept the faith ! Way to GoooooOOOOOooooo Mountaineers ! Couches will be burning all over Morgantown tonight !!!!!!!! 
Let's GOOOOOOooooooOOOOOO Mountaineers ! 
Freezing to death .... 
Thank you for all of the Birthday wishes from all my family and friends !! It means alot . 
Please re-post : We are looking for help . 87-year old Mr. < PROPMALE > Wells plays guitar for Teays Valley Nazarene faithfully every Sunday . Someone walked in this weekend and stole his acoustic Gibson guitar ( sunburst reddish ) that was given to him over 30 years ago . WE WANT THE GUITAR BACK . The guitar can be returned to us at ... the radio station - and we will NOT call the police . We just want the guitar back . 
Let it snow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hi Ho , Hi Ho , off to the State EOC I go ! Be safe everyone ! 
Just so my FaceBook friends know ... Yes we are under a State of Emergency , however , the roads are NOT closed .... We are REQUESTING everyone stay off , but , there is NO restrictrions ------ Merely a suggestion .... NOT a requirement ..... Stay safe out there guys ! 
Back at the State EOC , hopefully flower today than yesterday . I NEED to Christmas shop ! 
Bah Humbug ! 
Kudos to all of the GREAT Emergency Manager's in this great State . You have selflessly given yourselves to make sure we are all taken care of ! Rest well and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to you all !! 
To all my friends and family ... < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! May all of your dreams and wishes come true ..... and to those that I have parted ways with , < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to you as well ! To all , a wonderful and prosperous New Year ! 
Happy New Year to all my family and friends !!!! 
I would like to wish all of my family and friends a Happy New Year . If you are out , please be careful ! Thankful for < PROPFIRST > being home and my kids being healthy . May you all find health , wealth and happiness in 2011 ! And here is to new opportunities for each and every one of us ! 
Is it me , or is < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > looking a < PROPMALE > bit on the nervous side ?!? WTG Mississippi State ! 
Aoccdrnig to a rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs ......, psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can ! 
Natural 
Truly messy and everywhere right now !! 
Its WAYBACK WEEK !!! RETRO RETRO RETRO RETRO Everyone change your profile pic to a throwback picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this , and let's see how adorable ( LOL ) we all were !! 
Wishing I could shake whatever this is that is ailing me ! Feel like crap . 
Worth a try ! The owners of Facebook have confirmed they will send $1.00 to the rescue fund for the Haiti Earthquake disaster , for everytime this is cut and paste as a status . You only have to leave it for a minimum of 1 hour . Lets all do our bit to help 
I love my mom and miss you Mom ! For all of you that aren't too proud to say thank you to your moms for helping you be the great person you are today ... please copy and paste to your profile ! I expect to see this many times on my < PROPFEMALE > ! ;~} Some people no longer have their Moms here to appreciate but they count too ! I love you , Mom ! 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > Press 1 for English . Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . And remember only two defining forces have ever offered to die for you , JESUS CHRIST . And the < PROPFEMALE > N SOLIDER . One died for your soul , the other for your freedom . If you agree ... copy and paste in your status 
Let's Gooooooo Mountaineers !!!!!! 
Way to Go ' Eeeerrrrsssss ! 
Just love it when I am on ignore status . 
Well , that was a nail biter ..... WTG ' EERS ! 
never argue with an idiot ... they'll drag you down to their level and beat you with experience . Thanks < PROPFIRST > Battlo ! No truer words ever spoken ! 
It's time to show the world that more of us SUPPORT our Troops than not . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . And if you don't stand behind our Troops , then please feel free to STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!! GOD BLESS OUR TROOPS !!!!!!!!!! 
Day two down of State Activation . Being in bed by 10 on a weekend bites ! But ... wouldn't trade it for the world . However ! Thank GOD we are not activated all the time ! Sleep well friends !! 
Day 3 day .... time for bed . Please weather services be wrong , NO MORE SNOW ! 
Hate the new Facebook !! Guess it is a good thing we are activated , so I can't sit and look at it !!! This sucks ! 
Please , please Mr. Weatherman ..... ( or Ms. Weatherwoman ) be wrong ...... do NOT make this the time that you are right ! Please ?!? Night ya'll , back at it in the AM ! 
A Veteran is someone who , at one point in their life , wrote a blank check made payable to ' The United States of < PROPFEMALE>' , for an amount ' up to , and including their life ' . That is honor , and there are way too many people in this country today , who no longer understand that fact ! Copy and paste this if you are thankful for your freedom 
Picture in honor of < PROPFIRST>'s 18th birthday ! 
You love your sister ? You make noise , I'm gonna kill her instead of you . Name it ! 
They all look as though they died before they died . Name it ! 
U S A !!!! U S A !!!! U S A !!! 
Silver medal is just fine , especially since we were not expected to go far ! Go USA !! 
52 more days until I leave WV for the Sunshine state , 54 til I board the big boat for a cruise to the Caribbean . I am soooooooooo pumped ! 
EVERYONE ! Never doubt for a minute that every single one of you are on my friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friend's List actually pays attention . Copy and repost this in your own bulletin . You can't choose family but you ... can choose friends 
Grats to WVU ! Big East Tourney Champs !!! Another nail biter !!! 
Thoughts and prayers going up for the Glasgow Fire Department members and family . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > , my thoughts are with you both ! My God lay his guiding hand on your department and the families behind the the members and give you some peace . 
Let's see who is paying attention .... Every single one of you are on my Friend list as a result of a conscious decision . I am not only glad to count you as friends but also as family ! Let's see who in my Friends list actually pays attention . Copy and paste this in your status . On your marks ... get set ... GO I'm paying attention 
Prayers going up for the family and fellow brothers of < PROPFIRST > Adkins and the Glasgow Fire Department . So thankful that he has been found and the healing can begin . Thanks to all the responders that have searched so tirelessly ! 
GO°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸MOUNTAINEERSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „MOUNTAINEERSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° KEEP THE WAVE GOING ! COPY AND PASTE ! GO MOUNTAINEERS !!!! 
Way to GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOO Mountaineers ! Sweet Sixteen ! Lets keep it going !! 
In complete and utter awe at the amount of people that came out to pay their respects for a fallen brother . I had forgotten what a brotherhood it is . I'm glad that I was reminded of that again . After all is said and done , it is about being there for one another . Alot of us should learn from the example that they set for us today ! Heaven definitely gained a hero ! Still sending prayers up !! 
Way to Gooooooooo Mountaineers ! 
Please understand that millions of West Virginians suffer from a rare blood disease that causes them to bleed the colors gold and blue . We are not looking for a cure , only a National Title . ....... Repost if you are also afflicted .... GO EERS !! ( Thanks CJ !!! ) 
WOW !!!!!! Up by 10 , LET'S GOOOOOoooooooOOOOO Mountaineers !!!!!! 
And the crowd goes wild ! Let the couch burning begin ! Let's go to Indy !!!! 
Let's GooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooo Mountaineers !!! You can do it ! Make us even more proud than we already are ! Crush those Blue Devils !!! 
Its a FB WVU Mountaineer Pep Rally ! Cut and paste to your profile to cheer on the ' eeers ! Lets Gooooooooooooooooooo Mountaineeeeeeeeeeeers ! 
Happy Easter all !!! Thanks girls for the night out last night , I needed it !!! Hope we can do it again soon ! 
Thoughts and prayers going out to the families of the coal miners that were killed , and to those families as well of those that are missing and injured ! Thoughts going out those rescuers as well . Thinking about my work family having to deal with this .... wish I were there with you guys ! 
Eight more days until I am on the big boat to the Caribbean ! I cannot wait ! Florida in 6 days ! Hope you are ready Dad !! 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friend list ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how you met me . Answer mine , then repost this in your status box . You will be amazed at how interesting this can really be . 
Homemade fried chicken , mashed potatoes and corn !!! Life is good !!!! 
Finishing packing , then a good night sleep ! On a jet plane tomorrow for < PROPFEMALE > , warm Florida ! Boat on Saturday ! I'm so ready ! 
I'M A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL then post this . ( How brave are you ??? ) 
Waiting on the airplane ! 
Finally on the plane ! Florida here we come !!! 
Safely landed , now on the way to dad's! So excited to start my vacation !! 
At Sea World with Dad and < PROPFEMALE > ! Gonna Shamu !! 
Well , back in Tampa . But , why am I up do flipping early ? 
Back at mi padre's house . Trying to get pictures loaded . Who would have thought that a vacation could be so tiring . 
Outlet shopping retail therapy ! Then Downtown Disney tonight ! 
Well , last official night in Florida .... I am kinda sad ... However , it will be so nice to sleep in my own bed again . Now if I can get all this stuff packed that I bought . 
Finally home ! Will be great to sleep in my own bed tonight . Had a wonderful time ! Thanks Dad !! FB friends , had too many requests to keep up on ... I will start all over again tomorrow ! Night and rest well !! 
I might not be prettiest or sexiest , nor have the perfect body or be the most beautiful .. I might not be anyone's first choice either .. but ...... I'm ME ! I don't pretend to be somebody else ... Might not be proud of some of the things I've done , but I'm proud of who I am today !! Copy this and post it to your profile if you live your life being you and you are DANG proud of it !!! Lovin me !!!! 
Why is it that people decide they can't drive during rush hour ?? 
Happy Mother's Day to all you Mom's out there ! 
So I am home , bored , so I decided that today was a day to try to teach myself something new . I'm trying to teach myself to crochet . I was always told that a lefty can't learn , so I am fixin ' to prove them wrong ! 
A true friend can go long periods of timewithoutspeaking and never question their friendship and pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been ..... REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one 
We should flood fb with this !!!!... I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : one Nation , under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY , OUR FLAG & GOD DESERVE RESPECT ! 
Hanging at Blackwater Falls , sitting by the fire and chatting with some good company . Class tomorrow at OMG early and LEPC meeting tomorrow night . 
One graduation down , one to go ! Very proud of you < PROPFIRST > ! Enjoy this time , it is really ( even though it doesn't seem like it ) , the best time of your life ! I love you !!! 
Blessed that I can say I woke up in the Land of the Free and the Home of the Brave ! Thank you to all the veteran's and all those currently still serving to ensure that I can wake up that way everyday ! Hug a veteran today . Happy Memorial Day ! 
In honor of my baby girl graduating today ..... I love you < PROPFIRST > ! And while we have our issues , and don't always see eye to eye , you will always have my heart ! I am very proud of you and am excited to see you grow into a young woman ! <3 
Just absolutely numb ........... 
< PROPFEMALE > is the nectar of life ... or at least tonight ! 
Happy Father's Day to all you father's out there !!! I love you DAD !!!!! 
At the Riverfest , yippee ! 
Gotta love the I 64 parking lot after a 10 hour shift !!!! NOT !!!! 
Glad to be home ! Hour and 45 minutes later ! I need a really stiff drink ! 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Thanks to all those who have served , are still serving and especially those that have paid the ultimate sacrifice so that I can make this statement . God Bless the United States of < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Oh what a tangled web we weave , when first we practice to deceive ..... 
Rain rain go away , come again some other day ! Excited to see all the French's together ! 
\I pray your tires blow out at 110 \"" 
It's a shame to lose a friend .... especially , when you aren't quite sure why you lost that friend . 
Do you believe the news coverage being given to a spoiled 20-something year old , < PROPFIRST > Lohan ? Here are a few 20 year-olds worth knowing about : < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Linley 29 , < PROPFIRST > Weikert 29 , Justus Bartett 27 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > 21 , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 21 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 26 , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 23 , < PROPFIRST > Goeke 23 , & < PROPMALE > Tate 27 . These 20-somethings gave their lives for you this week . Repost if you support the Military . 
So made some meatloaf and home made mashed taters ! It was pretty yummy if I do say so myself !!! 
Forgive and accept forgiveness .... Forgive yourself and others .... Enjoy peace of mind and peace of soul ! 
Road trip ! Wooooooohooooo !!! 
About to get my Rascal Flatts on !!! 
Back to the grind ... got my nose to the grindstone and not liking it too much ! 
Hangin ' with the rug rats then to the V Club tonight for the Zaine fundraiser ! Will be a great time for a great cause ! Come on out and party with us ! 
OK , Dinner for Schmucks or Grown Ups ?!? Which is funnier ? 
Taken from a friend of a friend's status , but SOOO true .... Don't make promises you can't keep . Don't say things you don't mean , because in the end , those things mean everything . 
Second day of flood fight and < PROPMALE > just got them all stirred up ! Thought there was gonna be a throw down ! 
I know someone is at the game with their phone ... What is the score of the Hurricane game ?!? 
Wehave children going to bed without eating ... Elderly going without needed medicines ... Mentally ill without treatment ... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ? 
The countdown to touchdowns has begun ! Let's GOOOOOOOOOOOO Mountaineers !!!! 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > on the CMA Music Fest ! So cool !!! 
Really wishing I was going to be in Morgantown tomorrow ! Good Luck ' EERS . Let's Gooo ! 
YAY ! SA won , the Skins won ! Now .... for the Mountaineers to win ! Let's GoooooOOOOoooooo Mountaineers !!! 
Up and at it ! Finally it is GAME DAY ! Wishing I was in Morgantown , but , I'll be screaming just as loud here ! Let's GOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooOOOOOOOOOO Mountaineers !!! 
Here we go Mounties , here we go !!!!! Been waiting on this all year ! 
Grats on the win WVU , however , room to improve .... lots of room to improve ! 
So Electric 102 had this on the radio show this morning and I thought it would be a good topic for discussion . Toys R Us has a < PROPMALE > collectable doll for sale at their stores . For those that don't know , < PROPMALE > is a show about a serial killer that kills serial killers . It is advertised as 18 + and placed up out of children's eye levels . Should they keep it , get rid of it and why ? Ready . Set . Go . DISCUSS !! 
So tired . Less than one week to my conference , and I have tons to do . I will pull it off though . Thanks Jennings and < PROPFIRST > for your help earlier . 
Well , this time next week , the conference will be over and I will be able to finally relax . I have killed bunches of trees today with all the copies I have had to make . Getting excited to see all my partners in crime . No bad things will happen this year !! Just good times , good memories , good food , and at least for me ... good drinks !!!! See you guys soon !!! 
Ready for the football game tonight ! Let's GOOOOOooooooOOOOOO Mountaineers !! 
Wow !! What a freaking pass ! 
< PROPFIRST > playing pretty good tonight . Still rooting for the ' EERs til the day that I die ! Either way , both schools make this state proud !! 
Just curious , did anyone just see the same replay that I did on ESPN ?!? 
OK , I think maybe now I will conceed ? NOPE ! But , dang , that was a great block ! 
< PROPFIRST > played one HELL OF A GAME tonight ! Great job ! Mountaineers , I still love ya , no matter what ! Very proud of Doc Holliday , the HURRIKAHN boy , very impressive showing ! Good job Herd !!! 
Holy WOW ! OK , Im seriously sick to my stomach . WOW ! I can't believe they tied it up ! This game is unbelievable !!!! The game really started with 8:36 to go ! 
O M G ! It isnt possible ! OMG ! We won ?!? Geeeeeeeeeezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ! We didn't really deserve it , Im sorry ..... but , we didn't! GREAT comeback , but .... come on guys ..... WOW what a game ! 
°¨¨°º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¸MOUNTAINEERSº¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º°¨¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤GOº°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø , „MOUNTAINEERS º¤ø ¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º° KEEP THE WAVE GOING ! COPY AND PASTE ! GO MOUNTAINEERS !!! 
September 11 ..... WE WILL NEVER FORGET .. FAMILY AND FRIENDS .. Tomorrow , 8:46 am - 10:28 am .. everyone on facebook should be silent , no postings or chat , from the time the first plane hit until the last building fell .. REPOST AND PASS IT ON and lets see how many Americans will respect this . 
Remembering the events of September 11 , 2001 . I was helping prepare for an award ceremony at the Metro 911 center for National 911 day . I had also just found out that I was pregnant with the twins . Then the world stopped turning & our lives were forever changed . Pray for the families today and never forget . Say a thank you to our police , fire & EMS personnel and never forget to thank our service men and women ! THANK YOU ! 
Well , I guess I should drag my butt to bed . I have a long day and week in Pipestem starting tomorrow . I can't wait to see everyone ! But , mostly , I can't wait for this to all be over with !!! GOODNIGHT all !!!! 
I think < PROPFIRST > liked his poster ! Will post pictures later , if there are any of it . Conference going fairly well , with the exception of < PROPFIRST > telling everyone this is my last conference ..... hmmmmm , what does that mean ..?? Having a great time ! 
Game time !!! Let's GOOOOooooooOOOOO Mountaineers ! 
WoooooooooooooooooT !!! Strike early , strike often ! Let's go Mounties ! 7-0 ! I think I am going to marry Tavon < PROPFIRST > when I grow up !!! 
Ummmmm , where did my team go ?!? 
Soooo , I'm having flashbacks .... from last week's game only in reverse !! My head hurts ! 
Congratulations to my wonderful cousins in Michigan on the Spartan win ! I love you !! 
Eating dinner with the dark wonder and his lovely bride ! Thank God for Ede ! I want to sleep ! 
Enjoying a nice adult beverage on the deck at North Bend ... wonderful evening ! 
Dang 8 o'clock classes start danged early after a night of adult beverages . But I was here on time . Why can't class start at like 10 ? 
So done with fake , lying people ! Life is too short to surround yourself with these types . I know I have true friends , unfortunately , I just thought the wrong ones were . My mistake . Won't be sucked in again , that is for sure . I love my life and you are not going to ruin it ! Thanking God that me and my family are healthy and happy ! 
ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø LET'S GO MOUNTAINEER'S ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø BEAT LSU ¤°º¤ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø MOUNTAINEER'S º¤ø¸„ø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø ø¤º GO EER'S ø¤ºø¤º°¨¨°º¤ø 
AHHHH , Tavon ! Beat some LSU butt !!! Turn those Tigers into pussy cats !!! 
Well , attempting to satisfy my need for college football . Nothing really catching my attention ! 9PM won't get here fast enough ! Let's GOOOOOooooooOOOOOO Mountaineers !!! 
The National Weather Service has issued a SEVERE BUTT WHOOPIN WARNING starting at 9PM tonight for the area of Baton Rouge . High speed backs , and hard hittin defense are forcast . Warning is in effect specifically for the LSU Tigers , < PROPFEMALE > wasn't nothin compared the the Blue and Gold storm surge . LET'S GO MOUNTAINEERS !!!!!! 
Interception !!!! That's what I am talking about !!!! 
Score of the < PROPFIRST > game someone ? 
YAY ! Touchdown ! 
Oh yea !! That's what I'm talking about ! Game ain't over til it is over .... Got that Riffle ?!? 
VERY proud of my Mountaineers !!!! They went into < PROPFEMALE > the underdogs and even though they have lost , they made one HELL of a showing . They have nothing to be ashamed of ! As always .... Let's GOOOOOooooooOOOOOO Mountaineers !!!! 
Really ?!? So very tired of those who are all about WVU when they are winning . Let's all trash them when they aren't . I'm not happy with the calls that were made , I'm not happy with the outcome , but , one thing is FOR SURE ! I am so damn proud to be a Mountaineer tonight ! If I offend you by my comments , I apologize , but take none of them back . 
Geebus , how long til this election is over . I'm just so tired of hearing it , over and over and over and over again . * sigh * 
@Home 
Thoughts and prayers going out to the Sissonville Fire Department members and families . 
There has only got to be ONE reason I am awake at 6 freakin AM on a SATURDAY morning ! Work you say ?!? Heck no ! Morgantown bound !!! Let's GOOOOoooooOOOO \ 
' EERS !!!! Where are all you people that are going tailgating ?!? 
Oh Morgantown , how I have missed thee !!! So sweet to be back !!! Now let's get some beer and bring on the ' eers !!! Too bad it is still three hours away !! However looking at some nice looking WVU basketball players isn't a bad way to pass the time !!! 
WVU gets the win and Michigan got beat ! Oh yea , so did Pitt ! What a great day ! 
Good luck < PROPFIRST > on your game tonight ! Gooooo Herd ! 
How many of us really know everybody on our facebook list ? Here's a task for you ! Iwant all of my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . After your comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . You'll be amazed at some of the answers you get 
So pumped for the WVU game tonight ! Let's GOOOOOOO Mountaineers !! Got some good news today , can't wait to see how it pans out ! So excited ! 
Bring it Mounties !!! Looking good ! Smack some bull butt !!!! 
I'll take three .... would rather have 7 , but , 3 will work ! Let's go ' eers ! 
Loved that pick !!! That should get those fan's fired up !! And lookie there ! Touchdown Mountaineers !!!!! Thats what I am talking about !!!! 
So when I grow up , do I want to marry Tavon < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Devine or Geno Smith ?? Let's Goooooo ' EERS ! 
And that is the ball game ! Way to go Mountaineers !!!! Very proud of my team !!! 
Fake (+) (+) , Perfect ( o)(o ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) and even Grandmas \\o/\\o/ . Big ( • )( • ) or small (.) (.) save them all . REPOST for Breast Cancer Awareness ! 
Rob : < PROPFIRST > , I think you just like watching the girls play volleyball . < PROPFIRST > : yea cause they are HOT !!! Wow ! He is 8 . Am I in trouble ?? 
Had a great day ! Started off going to the outlet place in Flatwoods , showed the kids the Sutton dam . Went to Clarksburg and ate some killer Chinese food !! Then , just because we could , we went on into Morgantown and watched the WVU girls volleyball team playing Pitt . WVU was winning when I drug my son out of the Coliseum ! OH and to top it ALL off ...... OSU and Michigan GOT BEAT !!!!!!!! WHOOOOOP !!!! 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only one : to get better . I know , that 97% will not post this as their status , be one of the 3% and put this as your status , at least for an hour , for those who died because of cancer or are still fighting it . For you Kimmie and < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Almost game time ! Let's GOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooOOOOOOOOOO Mountaineers ! Good luck to < PROPFIRST > and to my cousin's favorite team , MSU ! 
WOOT ! TD Mountaineers !!! 
Oh for crap sake ! My heart can't take these games all the time !!! Geebus ! 
I'm proud of my team ! Always and forever ..... 
Is the MSU game over ? If WVU can't win , then I will root for my cousin's team ! 
Well , proud of the Mounties , no matter what .... WTG Spartans for pulling out the win !!! 
< PROPFIRST > game ?!? Playing yet or later ? 
so what is up with the #1 position ??? Is it a curse or what ?? Three weeks in a row ? Oh well .... that was a great game !!! 
Packing , watching TV , chillaxin ' .... just need a beer . 
Let's Go ' Eers !!!! So glad to be home ! 
Let's Go Mountaineers ! Loving me some Devine tonight ! 
For crying out loud ! Geebus ! 
Well , you were lucky there boys ! Now get your head out of your butts and play some REAL ball ! Still love ya ! But come on !!! 
OK , well ..... I guess if you can't step up during the game , you BETTER step up in overtime ! Let's GOOOOOOOOOOOOOoooooooooooOOOOOOOOOO ' EEEEERRRRSSSS !!!! 
OK , non-game related comment/question ..... is there ADD/ADHD medicine for dogs ??? My yorkie is WIRED for sound tonight !! 
Well , that looks to be the ballgame . Wish I could say it was a good game . However , they are still my ' Eers , will always be my ' Eers ... tough loss guys , but , I love ya ! 
Danged Bucs 
This will probably be the first AND last time you will EVER hear this come out of my mouth ..... let's go Nittany Lions !!!! 
OK , my momentary lapse of judgement is over .... 
I'm voting tomorrow . So tired of trying to be influenced . I know who I am voting for and last ditch efforts today will NOT change my mind . Kindly leave me alone . Thank you ! 
I see my write in vote for < PROPMALE > ins't appearing on the results .... 
Thinks today is a Tombstone day ! So on that note , I am posting one of my favorite quotes from my main man Doc ..... ~ < PROPMALE > , what an ugly thing to say . I abhor ugliness ... does this mean we're not friends anymore ? You know , < PROPMALE > , if I thought you weren't my friend , I just don't think I could bear it . There . Now we can be friends again . ~ 
A huge THANK YOU to all of the veterans of our Armed Forces . And prayers going out to all the present members of all branches of service . Without you , < PROPFEMALE > could not be the great country that she is . God Bless all of you ! As for me and my family , we support you ! 
Thinking of my wonderful cousins today . Love you guys . Doesn't seem like four years , it really doesn't . Miss her everyday . 
Let's Go Skins ! 
T minus 2 hours ! Let's GOOOOOooooooOOOOOO ' Eers !! 
Coach , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > !!! I LOVE Facebook Days of Our Lives !!! Life is too serious not to poke fun and laugh !! Live it up and grow up people ! Keep doing what you do best guys !!!! 
Keep baby boy in your thoughts tomorrow . Getting adenoids taken out and tubes in the ' ol ears . He is NOT a happy camper . Then again , keep me in your thoughts and prayers as I am the one that has to deal with him over the next 3 days !!! 
In pre-op waiting to meet with the doctor . < PROPFIRST > is stressing . I'm fine , except forgot my happy pills , so I am sure I will be not so happy here in a little bit . 
< PROPFIRST > is out of surgery . Did fine , but a whole crap load of fluid was behind his ears . He is in recovery , and we are just waiting to get to him . Thanks for the thoughts and prayers !!! 
Let's Gooo Redskins ! 
Someone .... anyone , the score of the Hurricane game ?!? 
Almost kick off time ! Let's GOOOOOOooooooOOOOO ' Eers !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving all ! Count your blessings ! 
Let's Gooooooo Mountaineers !!! Beat that Panther Butt !! 
WTG Boys !!! Spank that butt !! WTG ' Eers !!!! 
Way to go Mounties !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Let's Gooooooooo Bearcats ! Will be rooting for you tomorrow !!! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . Fair is fair ... Play along 
Beer 
Let's Go < PROPFEMALE > ! Beat those Eagles ! And while I'm at it , let's go Buckeyes and Bearcats too ! 
I wonder if < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is secretly humming \County Roads\ " under his breath today ?!? Let's Goooo Buckeyes ! " 
0-3 against OSU ..... it won't be long now ! 
Please say a few prayers for me in your nightly prayers tonight . Possibly some big changes on the horizon for me and my family . Nothing bad , just remember us . I will fill you all in when I can . 
Wonders why whenever you oversleep , people get a case of the stupids and decide they can't drive ?? 
Thank goodness for the weekend ! Sleeping til Monday ! 
Let's GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Mountaineers !!!!! 
Well , looks like both teams are having trouble holding onto the ball ! Let's capitalize \ 
' Eers ! 
WTG ' EERssssss !!!!!! Now let's goooooooooooooooooooooooo Bulls !!!! 
Change your profile picture for one of a cartoon from your childhood , and invite your friends to do the same . Purpose of the game ? To not see any human face on Facebook until Monday , only an invasion of memories . ( FOR THE FIGHT AGAINST CHILD ABUSE AWARENESS ) Copy and paste on your wall ... 
Come on Bulls ! You can do it ! 
Another day another dollar ! Go away Monday ! 
848 -- what can I say ? You make me laugh on a daily basis and I love being around you !! Miss spending time with you , but , always leave with hurting sides when I do ! You are someone that I trust and just can't imagine you being in my life . 
88-Miss the old times on Adams Ave . the good times we had and singing to your dad when he drove our bus ! 
777 You will never know how much I miss you and admire you ! 
OK , guys , you sure know how to leave a girl speechless !! Thanks to each and every one of you for the birthday wishes . I am overwhelmed . Love you ! 
I wanted to again thank everyone for the birthday wishes . I am truely overwhelmed . You have made an \old\ " woman happy ! " 
Just so freaking aggravated . Drugs are the downfall of this society . However , < PROPFEMALE > is still the biggest bitch I know .... well , there is ONE bigger .... but , < PROPFEMALE > will get your worthless , thieving , stealing , drug selling ass . OK Im done . 
Dear Mr. Robber(s ): Thank you so much for having the forsight to lock the door behind your thieving , slimy , drug taking ass after you ransaked my house ! Your thoughfulness really touches my heart ! Kept some other slime ball from coming into my house ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of my family and friends !! I hope that < PROPFEMALE > is good to you ! 
Thank you HPD for giving me and my family the best Christmas gift ever ! 
So I guess I am going to have a new son in law ! Congratulations < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > ! 
Getting pumped up for some Mountaineer football ! Can't wait til this evening ! Let's GOOOOOOOooooooooooOOOOOOO Mountaineers !!! 
Proud of my Mountaineers , always have been , always will be ! 
Headed to work for a bit on my vacation day and hopefully to the hospital to sit with < PROPFIRST > for a while . Keep < PROPFIRST > in your prayers please . 
Nothing like going to take a shower and finding out your 50 gallon hot water tank has gone out at some point . Five days after Christmas when no one has money anyway . YAY me . 
Say what you want about Stew ... he lasted one more year than < PROPMALE > Fraud !!!! Just saying ! 
Time to spend time with my two favorite guys .... Mr. Pillow and Mr. Blanket ! Good night FB friends ! Rest well ! 
Guess that settles it .... Rooting for the Jets ! 
Let's Gooooooo Mountaineers ! 
I love , love , love my iPhone 4 !!! 
Sometimes , even though it takes awhile , < PROPFEMALE > catches up to EVERYONE ! Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > for making my whole day ! 
YAY !!!! Now life can get back to normal .... Way to go Packers ! Squashed the dream ! 
Move over Weight Watchers , there is a new way to lose weight ~~~ it's the \can't afford to buy groceries because I just put it all in my gas tank\ " diet ! Repost this if your disgusted with the gas prices ! " 
TEAMWORK - Pretending to get along with people that suck , to reach a common goal that is stupid . SOOOO true ..... thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
If anyone needs directions to the party tomorrow , call me on my cell . For those that don't have it , it is on my facebook < PROPFEMALE > . 
Practicals done and passed ! Now to get through the written . 
It is official . I can now call myself an Emergency Medical Technician ! I know , scary thought . One thing is for sure , I will miss class and those in it alot . We certainly had some good laughs . And congrats to all of those that got through without killing each other :) ! 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy . But you ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have a least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are . 
Dear Congress , Last year I mismanaged my funds and this year my spouse and I cannot decide on a budget . Until we have come to a unified decision that fits all of our needs and interests , we will have to shut down our checkbook and will no longer be able to pay our taxes . I'm sure you'll understand . Thank you very much for setting an example we can all follow . 
2 AM and I'm still awake , writing a song\ 
If I get it all down on paper , it's no longer inside of me , \ 
Threatening the life it belongs to\ 
And I feel like I'm naked in front of the crowd\ 
Cause these words are my diary , screaming out loud\ 
And I know that you'll use them , however you want to ... \Breathe\ " < PROPFEMALE > Nalick " 
Can't even explain the emotions going on in my head right now .... wish I could just sleep . Peace be with you JT .... you earned your wings ! Now fly baby fly !!! 
Be mindful what you toss away , be careful what you push away , and think hard before walking away . 
Is seriously amazed at the ability of some people to make something out of nothing . No wonder you can trust no one . 
If you want to learn to love better , you should start with a friend who you hate .... from the mouth of a 6 year old . We need more of that . 
Any of the St. Albans peeps going to the cafe tonight ?? 
Some of the best news I have heard in a while ! How fitting it came in the 10th year after the September 11 , 2001 tragedies . Always proud to be an American , but , SOOOOOOOO very proud right at this moment . God Bless the USA ! 
So glad that we got that parasite of the earth taken care of ! But tell me , when are the people of the UNITED STATES going to stop being punished ? Gas at $4.29 as a direct result for our Military taking care of something that should have been done years ago ? Why are the little people being punished ? Sorry . I'm ranting , but , the people of the USA cannot afford to keep paying for the SINS of Bin Laden and others . OK , Im done ! 
So many emotions going on through my head , as I am sure other Americans . Just watched the ABC news and so many horrors and memories from September 11 , 2001 came flooding back . Such a jubilant day , but , one that also brings back all the fears from the last ten years . Thank God for our Freedom , and thank you TROOPS for ensuring we keep it . God Bless the USA ! 
Happy Cinco de Mayo !! Someone pass the < PROPFEMALE > please !!! 
So it is official ! I am a college student ... again !!! What the hell am I thinking ?? But it is official ! Classes start June 27th !!! 
