doesnt like facebook . 

I love my boyfriend !!!!! 8 ) 
I'm addicted to dole mango orange juice and were all out !!!!! not okay . 
has a sore mouth ): & its killing me . seriously ... 
): 
love my mom a frickin lottttt ! 
wants an otterpop ! 
sugar , spice , & everything nice . 
home alone . 
home from the lake . thirsty !!!!!!!!!! 
lost my phone at the lake . boooooo 
dearest mom , i finished off your oreos i am sorry but couldnt help myself . 
njfdiudafh7reicgt4lhrowlhcgi4l !!!!! 
going to pigout in the park later with < PROPFIRST > the car [: 
8 days til Maui (: 
going campinnnn ! @#$*&^% 
my cellphone broke ... 
Going to Seattle tomorrow . Then off to Maui with my bestest friend Vanessa (: 
in seattle . pulling an all nighter i guess . on my way to hawaii at 4am .. 
leaving for MAUI ! ;) miss my man !!! 
.......... eating pinapple , IN MAUI ! 
went snorkling with turtles today ! 
Just left Maui . Sitting in California airport . Duper tired ! 
at seattle airport for about 11 hours . ugh 
should be home sometime soon . maybe . 
im in need of a haircut . 
cleeeeeeeeaning . 
whens the snow gonna fall ? 
Scarywood was fun . Wish I wasn't sick though . I hope you had a good bday < PROPFEMALE > ! I love you woman ! 
.... apparently piggies cant look up to the sky 
me and my man got an appartment (: 
I don't want to go to work today ]: 
cleaning my room today .... awesome . getting a cell phone later !! 
with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > JUSTUS the III ! 
moving out this week . 
finally got wifi in the apartment (: 
got my purple blackberry 
i want a < PROPFEMALE > !! 
got a facebook app on my blackburrry :) 
snow !!!!!!!! 
dinner with the murphs later 
I am so bored . Papa Murphy's doesn't get enough business at all . 
need to go pickup my car . she didn't make home last night in the snow .. 
driving my car today for the first time since it snowed . 
playing UNO online ! 
my birthday is in 10 days :D 
blaaah bada lalaa . 
.... i think my eyes have become less blue . 
i have a terrible terrible ear ache 
can't sleep . ear infection hurts waaaay too bad ): 
illllllllll :( 
on my way to urgent care . 
cool I've got a headache and I'm at work with tinsilitis !! off at 9 (: 
got some snow tires and new rims for my car finally (: 
does anyone know of a great place for a new tattoo here in spokane ? 
I am so bored ... and feening for a new tattoo (: 
at vanessas ! 
I wanna get off work and go home to my boyfriend . 
payyydayyy ! 
I really hate football and obnoxious football fans . forrrrreal . 
thinking about getting a macbook air for myself (: 
I am so glad I have my own place with my man . 
excited to go to sky high tomorrow with my best fraaan 
going to the pound 
home alone watching beauty and the beast and eating ramen . cant wait to go pick up my < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow (: 
I love < PROPFIRST > and my new < PROPFEMALE > (: 
my mom just discovered the jizz in my pants song . 
watched dogma with < PROPFIRST > . annnd had another fishy funeral . 
screw spokane and allll its glorious pot holes . 
I loveeee mangosteen green tea ! gonna go to skyhigh with mi cousin later ! 
