I'm not bothering to go out tonight for new years < PROPFEMALE > , I decided it's better to stay in this year . I got a 6 pack of Guinness Stout , so I'm good for the night ..... 

Went for a job interview yesterday , and got called back for a second interview today . I might actually get this one ?.... 
I nailed the interview , the job is MINE ! 
Spending the day at the Biopark ! 
Going up on Sandia Crest Hiking Today :) 
Frikkin ' Comcast , came LATE after a 5 day wait , and STILL haven't fixed the problem ! The tech said the system would \program itself\ " by tomorrow . We'll see .... " 
I start training for my new job today . Wish me luck .... 
So far so good , the training for this new job is a refresher from my last call center job ... 
@ Bubonicon 
So , photographer friends , new purchase time . What should I buy , Alien < PROPFEMALE > B400 strobe , or Nikkor 35 1.8 G lens ?..... 
Last day of classroom training for the new job today . Starting next week , it's out to to floor to take calls ..... 
I am the proud owner of a shiny new 35 1.8 G Nikkor lens ! Anyone want to model for me to help me test it out ? 
Early day , 8 AM photoshoot ..... 
Off to the NM State Fair .... 
The new Nikon D7000 looks NICE ! This is a great time to be a Nikon shooter :) 
NHL Training camps open today , Hockey season is almost here !!! Go St. < PROPFIRST > Blues !!!! 
Nothing says you're going to have a crappy day like a dead battery in the morning ..... 
.... needs to get busy editing photos ..... 
... Photo editing done . :) 
Picked up and old Nikon SB 24 flash today complete with leather case and original instruction book for $55 . THATS a bargain ! :) 
Got to sleep in a bit today , feels good .... 
Going to pick up my best < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > at the bus station later . Good times are forthcoming ..... 
On my to shoot photos of some pretty girls . In zombie themed makeup . In a graveyard . This should be fun .... 
Had a wonderful time shooting with Minie Gonzalez today ! 
Thank you DirecTV , for changing the bonus structure last month and not telling us , so the sales bonus on my paycheck will be half of what I was expecting . Right in time for my Birthday . Good times ...... 
Had the most EFFED up dream . The ironic thing , is if it would have been about another specific person , it would nave been totally pleasant ...... 
So it came to my attention that we are coming into a full < PROPFEMALE > . Full < PROPFEMALE > craziness , plus Birthday fun = good times ..... 
I want to thank everyone who gave me birthday wishes . Certainly can't complain about the weekend , had some good times . Also , had a moment of poignant honesty that will almost certainly make a wonderful mess of things , but hey , whatever , nothing ventured , nothing gained ..... 
Having close friends let me know that I did the right thing is a very good feeling .... 
My choices : Go ahead an go in to work today , or make a 4 day weekend out of it . I'm thinking 4 day weekend ........ 
I just won a pair of tickets to the NM Mustangs Hockey game tomorrow @ 1:00 . Anyone want to go with me ? 
It was nice to take 4 days off , but looks like it's back to work . Had lots of time for reflection , and still have one big thing to make sure is back to the way it should be , but that will wait . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > ..... 
Time to take care of some long unfinished business ...... 
No more pics left to edit , time to shoot more ... 
Learning the guitar parts for the Decendents \Im The One\ " . I find the Lyrics so damn relevant ... " 
Looks like this \Inked Girls\ " project is actually taking off . Sweet !! " 
Playing on guitar now , \Stray Cat Strut \"....." 
Got some long unfinished business being taken care of TODAY ..... 
So , the choices are : 50 1.4 G Nikkor lens , or new laptop . Decisions , decisions .... 
Thanks Directv for NOT putting our bonuses on the check before Christmas . You Rawk ..... 
It's amazing how much effort you can put into your day and still end up not getting what you set out to do accomplished .... 
Just drove 50 < PROPMALE > home from work in a driving snowstorm . Had fun watching everyone slide and fishtail going up La Bajada Hill while I went straight up , no problems . I LOVE my < PROPFEMALE > , it sticks to the road like glue no matter what .... 
Not driving through all the snow to get to work today . Nope , not gonna do it .... 
Cool , my copy of Photoshop CS3 works on my new laptop , that means I don't have to spend any to get CS5 just yet .... 
It was shocking to realize just how dim my old , supposedly calibrated monitor had gotten , so the pics I thought had deep blacks actually didn't , and looks way too bright on my new computer . Oh well , gives me an excuse to re-edit some photos :) 
