Wishes keyboarding came a little easier ... 

is amazed by nature once again ! 
Hates having to go to bed before midnight ... it never happens and then he is tired in the morning , BOO ! 
filling out forms for back to school then going to workout . 
Really wishes the school he was going to was more competent that he was . Lets just pray for good grades this semester . 
Eureka season one episode eight . I think it's the first time I've cried during a television show . 
going to the 2010 British Television Advertising Awards at the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Center with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! YAY times . 
Can't wait for the weekend ... 
Woke up and can't go back to sleep . Boo ! 
Has a swollen knee . This is making the day much harder . 
Taking a bath . Maybe that will help ? 
loves the hospital . Can't wait to come back . Only two more days at most , then four weeks recovery time YAY !!!! 
can't wait to get his makeshift cast off today and actually use his leg for more than laying is a sweat soaked pool of soggy sheets for four days . 
Wants to go out and run . Damnit I hate being confined to the house . :[ 
Wishes him and his BF would just get along all the time . 
Doesn't feel like getting ready for work even though he totally should . Time to shave though ... and shower ... possibly brush my teeths . 
Off to work . Peace . 
love me some bingo and muffaletta ... 
is going to the game on Saturday , so excited ! 
loves his new Netflix instant play . Now I will never leave my house . 
wishes that all education systems be required to teach sustainability and renewable resource practices as a part of their curriculum . 
Just made waffle pancakes and is playing his game . 
Learning how to live life on my own . A hard feit but I know I can do it . :) 
Can't afford another hospital stay so refuses to go . 
Is frustrated with Fairview for making me jump through hoops just to get a hold of my surgeon . WTF ?! 
Going to work then urgent care . They'll probably send me to the ER again but oh well I needs my antibiotics . 
Finished at urgent care . Going to walgreens to pick up my prescription and get all better . Should know in a couple of days the results of my culture . 
Results are back . It's MRSA ! yay ! The Bactrum should do the trick . Good thing I see my doctor Thursday . 
Good night < PROPFEMALE > . 
Went long boarding for the first time today and totally tore my arm up . Thanks for the lessons < PROPMALE > . Let do it again soon . 
So not only did I eat pavement today at Lake of the Isles I went to gay roller night and tore off the scab on my knee . Yay . I think I'll take a break from wheels . 
Can't believe he is working after last night . 
J.J. BLT w/ cucumber and hot peppers . My tummy is satisfied . 
Wants to play with Legos and build hinsef a house like < PROPFIRST > May . :) 
FFXIII here I come . Until I pass out . 
The Last Airbender sucked . Don't even think about wasting your money . 
Is not too happy about being up so early but just got woken up by the new HP trailer . OMFG !! 
Today officially sucks . I want to go home and take a mother fucking bath . Arg ! 
Eatin ' steak and potatoes . Yum . 
Has been really lazy today . 
Warehouse 13 season 2 premier . FREAKING AWESOME ! I cannot miss next week or I may just die . No joke . 
Is exhausted but drank too much coffee today to actually sleep like he wants to . Who can help ? 
thinks work is boring today . Hit me up PLEASE !? 
My Burger for lunch . Possibly a bad idea before working out . Who wants to take a nap by the lake ? 
Off to the gym . Wish me luck . 
Playing FF9 before work . Gotta be a nerd at some point today . 
Is dog sitting at the house this weekend . Would love to < PROPFEMALE > out with anyone who wants to . Just text or call me ! 
Is heading to the gym . Text me . 
Ois off to Target boutique for some groceries and a few staple items . Be back soon . 
Wonders if he will get stuck in the rain when he finally heads off to the gym . Better be prepared . 
Eating the best prepackaged Indian inspired meal ever . And it's only got three preservatives for the entire package ! 
is about to clean the house . Hopefully it doesn't take too long . 
hopes he can get another accupuncture appointment in on Saturday . 
Is going to skip his nap and afternoon workout to call the twelve hospitals he owes money to and workout a payment plan so he doesn't go to collections again ! Yay for finally getting the bigger picture . I feel all growed up . :) 
I Believe-\ 
that sometimes when I’m angry I have the right to be angry but that doesn’t give me the right to be cruel . 
Finances are frustrating . Hope this week will show more progress . :/ 
that just because someone doesn’t love you the way you want them to doesn’t mean they don’t love you with all they have . 
Got phished on facebook ! Sorry if any of you got emails from me that were not me . :( 
Is a lotta bit over this whole Target bullshit . Look at the bigger picture please . Besides do you really think < PROPMALE > Emmer will win with an extra $ 150,000 when the DFL has over $1 million towards their campaign ? I pity the fool who decided to support someone who will lost likely not win . I say if he wins then we boycott the Target corporation . 
Bitches , I'm back . 
Avatar . 10 . Need I say more ? 
Top Gear and cleaning house . What fun . 
Glee . I hate thee right now . On to SGU and I'm afraid I forgot to lock the door at work . I may be going for a drive here soon ? 
Calhoun/Harriet , 6.88 mi . Chop Chop . Shower . Yoga , 45 < PROPFEMALE > . Bed . Tonight was a good night . 
Short one today . 
Thought it was a blister at first but no . < PROPFIRST > is jamming his toe nail into his toe every time he runs and it's starting to HURT ! 
Hanging out with Mom today . Bike ride and lunch earlier this afternoon now off to fix an old lady's door handle and walk in the new Xcel Energy Park by the river . 
Are you worth it ??? 
Is really tired but just had such a crazy and freaky-shit nightmare and isn't sure if going back to sleep is a good thing . 
Seriously . I feel like I'm being watched by something evil and it's going to kill me in my dreams . I'm terrified and really tired . 
Steak and spinach salad with sweet potato mash . 
Twix . I want you . 
Glee . Not that exciting but had a good ending . 
is pretty sure he will be dead tomorrow . He's not sure how far he ran but knows it was at least 13 < PROPMALE > . 
Hates that he doesn't have a computer now that his iPod is failing him . :( 
thinks Asian < PROPMALE > may have been a bad idea for lunch . Was so good but now I need a nap . There goes productivity for the rest of the day . 
Run time . 
Is happy for the last few months and thinks he has made some progress but while running realized he needs the help of professionals to get over some things . 
Is really pissed off . 
Would rather watch Mythbusters than go into work to so prep . 
You never did anything good for me , really all you seemed to do is make me feel like shit . So why I still holding on ? 
has decided that because < PROPFEMALE > ryone is doing it this year he will be a rather kick-ass Na'vi next year for all hallows < PROPFEMALE > . Get ready . 
Doesn't understand how smokers can come into the gym to workout . 
Is pretty sure he'll be drunk ALL weekend . No joke . 
< PROPFEMALE > Blood . Food . And relaxation . 
Thinks Absinthe is the most amazingly dangerous thing ever invented . I want more . 
Wants to understand it better . <3 
Wants cake and to eat it too . Oh wait doing that . :) 
Why did such an amazing amine series have to come to an incomplete end . Is sad now :( 
I voted but am apparently not cool enough to have a vote button like 99.9% of the Facebook population . 
Running for the first time in two weeks . OMG shoot me . 
is pretty sure he's moving to Europe by the time he is thirty . Don't quote me on that but I see bad things happening in our county's near future . 
Enjoying the company of a green < PROPFEMALE > before succumbing to the green leaf . :D 
Is baking a 7 pound spiral cut ham and making mashed potatoes with gravy and asparagus with lemon hollandaise for dinner tonight . I am going to love left overs this week . ;) 
This bitch is < PROPMALE > over . Now I'm making eggs . 
Making a ham stock from the bone of the ham I made yesterday . What kind of soup should I make ? God I love winter , though if I don't start running again I'm gonna get fat , like the ham I made . 
I know i shouyldnt complain about my job cuz it pays well and i do nothing while i am there BUT I'm SOOOOOOOO EFING BORED !!!!! 
cheese+apple = best invention ever known to man kind . No exceptions . 
Another day at professional towel folding . 
nothing is on my mind . 
God I f*cking hate MRSA . Thank god for the heat pad mom got me and the Percocet the doctor prescribed . Hope your weekends are going better than mine . 
The whole time I was there I was thinking of you ... 
has decided that tomorrow will officially suck . Where the eff are you when I need you ?! 
Slept literally all day yesterday yet still managed to get in two naps at work . WTF body ? 
Is happy Glee has been really amazing the last three episodes . Way to pick it up Glee writers ! 
phone is shut off until t-mobile receives my < PROPMALE > pay . Don't try to call or text I won't get it . 
Thinking its time to eat today . 
The < PROPFEMALE > Tate Show ... enough said . 
Phone is back on ... 
I'm burning bills and wood at my house at 8:00 tonight for any one who wants to come . Text me to RSVP or if you got an invite just say yes . Bring any papers you wanna burn too . Toodles y'all . 
Going to see Monsters at the Lagoon with < PROPMALE > , don't know why im doing this , I'm already scared enough of my basement as it is ... 
Is nervous for tomorrow . :/ 
Isn't nervous anymore . Gotta love the snow . 
Yay . Internet is back up just in time to go sleepy time . 
Would like to go to the 2010 British Television Advertising Awards at the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Center sometime before January 2nd . Who wants to join me ? 
Is making cookies with mom tonight . Those of you who work with me can have ONE . I get the rest . :) 
Really really hate the marketing team for Caribou right now . Please people if you are using the $2 drink coupon today be sure to tip AND thank your barista today . This promotion was sprung on us this morning at 8:40 a . Thanks guys . 
Phone service suspended again . Gonna call again this afternoon to work out a plan with tmobile . I'll keep y'all updated . 
Ok phone should be back online this afternoon . I just hope my budget didn't get fucked up again . 
True happiness is to enjoy the present , without anxious dependence upon the future . -Seneca 
I can hear the mice scurrying through the walls while I sit on the pot . 
OMG ! 
Hates being sick but really hates missing work because he randomly wakes up with a 101 degree temperature . WTFB 
So Monday I got on the bus and it smelled like a skunk . Then I realized the smell of skunk was just someones really potent weed . I smiled . 
We can go through our whole lives worrying about our future happiness , and totally miss where true peace lives -- right here , right now . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Who is excited for tomorrow ?! 
Just had the best end of my shift ever . Ever . EVER !!!!! 
Still hasn't happened . :( 
When will you know me ? 
two hours and twelve minutes to go . shopping at target for lunch supplies . bake chocolate chip cookies . clean . Who wants cookies ? 
Oh , It still hasn't happened . This weekend is not going as I had planned , still a good one though . 
Tonight is the perfect night to cuddle up with a special someone and watch a movie . 50% of the way there . 
May have just baked the best chocolate chip cookies ever . Possibly . 
time for a cookie breakfast 
Listening to BBC Radio 1 and not heading out for work just yet . 
Is not looking forward to tomorrow ... 
Soy caramel latte or black Thai hot chocolate ? Tough decisions today . 
Finger is a mess . God damn infections , STOP IT ! I can't afford you anymore ! 
Thank God for noon o'clock today . Now lets see how long i am going to have to wait until my finger stops throbbing . 
Wondering why it's nearly as cold inside as it is outside . WTF . 
In near bliss . Let you know when I get to total bliss . 
What a fabulous day . Lets hope tomorrow does the same . :) 
SUPER excited FOR TOMORROW . Another 7:30 - 10:00 . 
would like to sukka-punch about twelve people right now . Don't be one of them . 
Has been kind of a bitch to member today . Not sorry nor do i feel bad . Most hated question of the night : \can I get my I . D .? \"" 
A little Devil May Cry therapy before bed should do the trick . 
Just sitting down to eat . What a long fucking day . I already miss you . 
It's official . I am in love ... with cheese . 
Dinner tonight : < PROPMALE > steaks rubbed with sea salt , white pepper and ground clove pan fried in < PROPFEMALE > oil tossed with baby spinach , chopped < PROPFEMALE > apple , bacon pieces , and < PROPFEMALE > oil balsamic vinaigrette topped with natural raw almonds and walnuts . Yum . 
Starving . Should probably eat before going to the gym . 
Collapse . A documentary everyone should watch . 
Late for his friends B-Day party and lost her number some months back . Pissed . 
The shout house was amazing . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Had fun going to church today then breakfast . Thanks McKenna , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and her friend . Off to work . 
Was able to change my primate language to English ( pirate ) and now when I check into real Facebook I'm always gone have fun . 
Pickles !!!! 
Extreme engineering : widening the Panama Canal . Enough said . 
Had dreams of Egypt , Hindu temples , Tibetan monasteries , < PROPFEMALE > Spears and Boston baked beans . Yeah . 
Four days down , Twenty-eight to go . 
Train wreck . 
I don't understand and that's ok . 
Just got free Cheez-its . Now I just have to wait FOUR weeks to eat them ... LMAO !! 
Fried CHEEEEEEEEESE ! 
< PROPMALE > of Persia or GTA < PROPFEMALE > City ? I need opinions people . 
Went on a < PROPFEMALE > kick sorry guys . 
The best part about today = ASIAN < PROPMALE > ! 
Oh Asian < PROPMALE > , how your spicy green beans flood my nostrils and make me choke , how your sesame chicken envelops my tongue in sweet savory earthiness and your < PROPFIRST > fried rice implodes my insides . You taste SO GOOD !! 
Minnehaha Falls tomorrow evening . Who wants to frolic in the snow with me ? 
Sex and the City 2 . Confusing but the time spent with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > was well worth the agonizing two and a half hours . Thanks you two ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Trek . Love . 
I miss The Firm . :( 
Ok a few hours of PoP then off to frolicking . The looper is tonight too , so exciting !! 
snicker-doodle , ginger-snap , sugar , shortbread , peanut butter , pumpkin , and oatmeal chocolate chip . 
Damn fortune cookies why you always gotta state the obvious . I know tend to spark the flame of enthusiasm in peeps you don't need to tell me that . 
ZZZzzzzzZZzzZZZzzZZZzZZzZzzzZZZZZZZzZzzZZZZZZZZZz 
I swear Room&Board and Ikea have the same furniture designers . 
Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have . \ 
-unknown 
Would like to go see I Am Number Four . Who wants to take me ? 
The Northwoods . Only reason I wish I had a car . Who wants to go camping/cabining this summer ? 
Where there is Love there is Life . \ 
-Gandhi 
Looking at majors and minors at the U . Still not sure what route to take . :/ 
Holy FUCK balls < PROPFEMALE > . Thank God for my knee highs or I'd be waddling on ice trunks . 
Chocolate pudding + carrots = decent . \ 
Chocolate pudding + cheddar Cheez-its = not so good . 
Be not afraid of going slowly , be afraid only of standing still . \ 
- Chinese proverb 
PoP , < PROPMALE > and cheese , vitamin water . I will beat this game tonight dammit !! 
PoP is much harder when your controller is a piece of shit . 
Not enough . 
So many good looking movies coming out in the next few months . Here's to hoping I get to see at least one . :D 
Dark hot chocolate poured over whipped cream , caramel , cinnamon and a dash of nutmeg . YUM ! though I often wonder why I'm not fat yet . 
What's a good spring time cookie to make ? I need some input for my cookie-a-thon next month . 
< PROPFEMALE > made my body hurt today . Tomorrow is going to suck so I'm treating myself to pizza and vodka . 
I don't understand and this time it's NOT ok . 
I am officially declaring it random post day . 
This weeks Glee is pretty much ridiculous . 
Gleeked out for the night . Now on to some GTA < PROPFEMALE > City maybe some cleaning then BED ! 
Has had to pee since 4:20 ... Just leaving the store . Gonna go wine shopping and clean to get reADY FOR TOMORROW !!! IM SO EXCITED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
Why is Top Gear SOooo amazing ?!? 
Ülker Bitter . Dark chocolate with pistachios . If someone buys me a case of these for < PROPFIRST>'s day or my birthday I will <3 that person for the next year . You can probably find them at < PROPMALE>'s Imports on Aldrich and Lake . ;D 
What a night ! Beautifully clear skies , gorgeous < PROPFEMALE > and a fabulous time with friends . Just finishing a bottle of wine to some top gear then passing out . A warm thank you to everyone that showed , and to those that decided not to come , < PROPFIRST > your calendars for my birthday . 
What a gorgeous day ! Everybody get out there for a little bit today and ENJOY IT ! 
Today's itinerary : work , workout , < PROPFEMALE>'s turning old with my brother party , I believe I have a date with a man named < PROPMALE > and then bed . Am I crazy or what ?! Hope y'all are having fantastic days !!! :D 
So glad I'm NOT watching the grammy's . WTF is up with all the WTFs ? 
Suck it world and your damn commercial holiday !! On a lighter note , HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > MOYLE ! hope every one has a freakin ' awesome day . ;D 
Fuck you BOGO , fuck YOU ! :| 
B.O.R.E.D. Entertain me . 
Had an awesomely amazing end to my shift . I really enjoyed that mister . 
Would love a rocking chair . Not one of those chairs suspended on swinging hinges but and actual proper rocking chair . 
Proud of my workout today . Tomorrow I'll be sore for sure though . Now , lunch , laundry , yoga . All before eleven . :D 
Ok folks , dumb ass here left his phone at home . Try getting a hold of me and see what happens . ;) 
Carrots . 
The green Tinkerbell sucker < PROPFEMALE > gave me for < PROPFIRST>'s tastes like Red Bull . Apparently fairies taste like Red Bull , who'd-a thunk ? :D 
This weeks glee was pretty much entertaining . Started rough but got better in the end . 
Bed time over due . Night y'all . 
Bus is late . On the upside what a gorgeous morning ! Hope there are many more like this . :D 
Lightheaded and dizzy , wait those are the same thing . I'm still running today . 
waiting on laundry ... SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just over eight and I'm still freaking tired . :/ 
Love making my own lunches . :D 
So , who would like to come and steal my apple from me ? I couldn't possibly fit anything else in my body . 
Thanks for dinner mister and the left overs . I had fun . :D 
Now , GTA . 1:30 , acupuncture . Gym , Target then maybe a movie somewhere . Hope you all are having a splendid day ! 
Twix , you are my favorite . 
Watching Extreme Engineering , Moms party is in full force already and my room turned into a sauna while I was at the gym . It's going to be a long night . :) 
How is everyones night going ? 
Peeps I need your help ! Where is a good place to go dancing Friday nights other than the Saloon or the 90s ? I need amazing music , a fun crowd and strong drinks for cheap ! 
Cinnamon Life before church . 
I hate filing taxes . Why can't anything be simple these days ? 
Guess what !?!?!?? 
Who wants to cuddle up and watch a movie ? Then again it's pure shit outside so every one travel safely in the next 24-72 hours . 
Dinner tonight was AMAZING ! thanks < PROPFIRST > . Wish I had more . :/ 
Can't sleep . Hate this feeling . :/ someone tuck me in and sing a lullaby . 
Would rather not work today . 
What a waste of an alarm today . Grr . :/ 
Last night's dinner , this afternoon's lunch . ;D 
The snow is so pretty I could take a nap and when I wake up it should all be gone . :) 
A massage would feel exquisitely pleasurable right about now ... :\\ 
I was gonna say something clever here but I forgot ... 
Good night every body . Have a safe and happy weekend . See you next Thursday !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > is a virtue . Staying sane while doing so is the ever so hard part . :| 
The best $106 I've spent thus far . 
Would like to go skiing again tomorrow . It's a much better workout than what I have been doing . Who would like to join me ? 
Sprawling From Grace . Check it out , it was pretty good . :) 
Gonna be up a bit longer . 
OMG my brain hurts ... zzZzzZzZz 
Drawing time . 
Drinks with < PROPFEMALE > in uptown . Those who wish to join , you gots the digits now use ' em . 
Had an amazingly fun time with < PROPFEMALE > Zmuda tonight . Hopefully next time we can invite more people . 
Good night world . Good luck in the coming hours . I love you all and appreciate everything each of you shares with me . :D 
Likes seeing a comma in his bank statement . Too bad that will disappear by next week . :| 
Just downed five kisses in like 45 seconds . Not sure if thats a problem or not . 
The bus driver tonight was very good eye < PROPFEMALE > . Wouldn't mind riding his bus again . Though I'm pretty sure he maneuvered around a car going 40 and nearly rolled the bus fourteen times . 
Back at it today . Let's see if six days off left me forgetting how to do anything . :) 
has had the MOST interesting day today . Would like to share with all of you but then my post would take up the entire news feed < PROPFEMALE > . Text me if you really need to know . HAPPY THURSDAY ! 
I can't sleep , damn food , and I have \setting Fire to the Rain\ " perpetually playing in my head . Grr . Tomorrow is going to suck . :/ " 
Gonna hate myself in the morning but reconnecting with my best gay friend EVER was well worth the two hours of lost sleep . Thanks < PROPMALE > for funding me again !! <3 
Good morning !! Have a freakin ' awesome day e'ry body ! I <3 you all . 
Nano workout . Out with Madelon Wills and her friends , HB . Home . Sleep . 
All dolled up , now just waiting for the green light . 
Off to see the wizard . Probably should have eaten something . Oh well . :) 
Pretty sure I should be living in the dark ages with how often electronics work around me ... :| 
My brain hurts !!! Trying to understand sports through words is HARD ! I don't recommend it . X| 
Frustrated that Southdale Urgent Care doesn't post hours on it's website . Grr . 
Food , kitchen , bathroom , more basketball studying . I can't go to the game without at least knowing WTF is going on . :) 
Truth : the kitchen smells of baking bread yet there is not a loaf in sight ... hmm . 
Who'da thunk there were so many versions of basketball . Examples : Unicycle basketball , Maxi Basketball , Midget basketball , Rezball , Beach Basketball , and Deaf basketball . :| 
Good night my children , See you all in the morning ! 
Good MORNING e'rybody!! Hope this day finds you well . 
There are a half dozen guys in the lounge talking about basketball . Even after all the \studying\ " I did yesterday I have NO clue what they are saying . " 
Guess what ? 
So uncomfortable right now . 
Work until 11:30 , trip two to triage , hopefully to the twolves game tonight . 
Six hours in the ER . Twelve hours without food . Just ate one of those mini Chef Boyardee things and I'm full . Oh btw all , I GOT MY CHEEZ-ITs !!!! 
Favorite show : Top Gear . No doubt . 
Ok heat packs all done , brace on , good night . 
Just form already . 
What a gorgeous night . If tiredness wasn't present , a walk around the lake would be grand . :D 
Bandaged and brushed . Night . 
Ten minutes in and you just had to start throbbing . < PROPFIRST > ass . 
Today is the day . 
Heading home . Skipping the ER cuz I'm healing so nicely . Yeah it mostly surfaced . Pushed a bunch out , a heat pack and water will help get the rest . Go me ! 
