When the hard times hit , hit the biz , the hardest hit make the best of it . 

is fixin ' to have a party this halloween . 
Thinks you all should be watching Dollhouse . 
I finally updated my info . It's been the same since about 05 . Eek . 
Might go see a movie this evening . 
Is going to bed . 
Listening to metricccc . 
I should be writing , but there are so many pretty shiny things to distract myself with . 
Is surviving this week the best she can . Thank heaven next week is Chirstmas . 
Wishes it was Thursday . Things always feel better when I'm around my mother . 
This is my \I'd rather be spelunking\ " face . It's like you don't know me at all . " 
I wish Topher from Dollhouse was real . Oh the adventures he and I would have . 
We're staying in tonight and playing some rock band . Tired from disneyland and all that . If you find yourself without plans , stop by . :) 
Black . 
Being lazy just makes me frustrated . 
Thinks the Miniature Tigers are pretty rad . 
Time to Pretend by MGMT makes me want it to be summer again , so I can run around like a kid . 
We've got the vision , now let's have some fun . 
I really can't wait till my next day off . Oy . 
Wow , today was awesome ! And it's going to continue to be ! Gotta love life ! 
Candlelight by Relient K makes me happy . 
My younger brother just got me into a Killers mood . Go < PROPMALE > ! 
Finally got my sewing machine , can't wait to play with it ! 
It must be tiring and unfulfilling to be so filled with disdain . You have my pity , life can be so much brighter than you allow it to be . 
I have to keep repeating my new mantra . \Be Brave . \"" 
Busy week continues , but it's been pretty effin ' awesome . 
Just got my Betta fish , and as planned ... I named him < PROPFEMALE > . 
All I need is the air I breathe and a place to rest my head . 
Is feeling very Peytonesque lately . 
I got soul , but I'm not a soldier . 
Emo lyrics in statuses of any kind are truly only a cry for pity . To paraphrase < PROPFEMALE > from Arrested Development \I won't hear it and I won't respond to it . \"" 
My brain keeps thinking it's Friday , and that tomorrow is the weekend . No brain , tomorrow is Friday . You have work . 
Back to Adult < PROPFIRST > now . Sorry Linds and Gretch , I couldn't hold on . 
I'm free of children under the age of five for five whole days ! Not that I don't love my job , but how I love Spring Break . 
Awesome weekend . I'm really looking forward to also having tomorrow off . 
Made it home with my sanity after a crazy work day . Off to cook dinner for the crew tonight . 
I'm pushing the limits of my geekiness every day . 
Blah , this stomach ache is crap . 
I have a feeling this week is going to be busy . 
Filed my taxes . Procrastination ? Possibly . 
This day needs to improve or else I'm ending it earlier . 
People need to understand that children with special needs are not sick . They are not searching for a cure , just acceptance . This week is for special needs education . Ninety three percent of the people will not copy and paste this . Will you be part of the seven percent that will and will you leave it on your wall for at least an hour . 
Nothing like a few good songs to get you through the day . 
You only get what you give . 
3 and a half more weeks of school left . I cannot wait . Summer vacation , how I love thee . 
This week feels so insanely busy . Ready . Set . Go ! 
Take it slow , take it easy on me . Shed some light , shed some light on me please . 
Has the best boyfriend ever . Like , Ever . 
It's barely 9pm and I already feel ready for bed . I must be growing up . 
Show me your teeth . 
I've got < PROPFEMALE > & the Diamonds stuck in my head . Hermit the Frog . 
You may not have realized this , but your teachers may have been more excited for school to get out than you were . ;) 
I love the Arcade Fire so much . Seriously , if you haven't listened to them , check them out . 
Is the family reunion here yet ? No ? I have to wait two more weeks ? frak . 
Needs to plan her birthday party . 
I love stopping by Pinon . It always feels a little like a second home . 
Let the Wild Rumpus start ! ( also known as the family reunion . ) 
I was born in the arms of imaginary friends . 
Just spray painted 30 water guns for Friday . Any Wicked Witches better watch themselves , I'll melt them where they stand . 
Picked up some more party supplies , still need to get myself a decent water gun . 
The Miniature Tigers were amazing . Diggin The Spinto Band as well . Everyone should check both of them out . 
Icing a Cake was infinitely harder than I thought it would be . Darn me and my lack of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
In loving memory of every cancer patient , family member , and friend who\ 
has lost their battle with cancer , and those who continue to conquer \ 
it ! Put this on your < PROPFEMALE > for 1 hour if you know someone who has , or has\ 
had cancer . Many won't copy and paste this . I did ! Will you ? 
I don't think I ever realized how complicated planning a wedding is . Booked the reception place , but there's so much more to do . Photography , videography , flowers , food , invitations . 
is still feeling tired , what a week/weekend it has been . 
< PROPMALE > and I got < PROPFEMALE > Stilwell's from \It's me or the dog\ " training book . Now to put that all into practice with little Lowie . " 
really wants to attend the Witches ' Night Out at Gardner Village this year . 
Nook Vs . Kindle ? Anyone have a preference ? 
Done with Lagoon , had a blast ! Now it's on to a bit of costume work before the night is over . 
Out for errands . Seems like the fun never ends . :) Hope things slow down after December . 
I love letting < PROPMALE > fix up my Dragon Age charcters . He's got more of a talent for it than I do . Archdemon , watch yourself . ;) 
Btw . Geek , and proud of it . 
is starting a little writing activity group with some friends . Looking for a few more people to join in , if you're in a writing rut . :) 
Dear Never Ending Sinus Cold , \ 
I hate to break it to you , but we're gonna have to end this . This two week on again off again relationship we've had for the has been miserable . I just think you should see other people . 
The Blizzard warning is reminding me of a classic < PROPFIRST > Barrymore film . Wondering if we're all going to end up Babes in Toyland . Stay safe , friends . 
Anyone seen signs of the blizzard yet ? Hasn't hit me . It looks so calm outside , but the news has me wondering how bad it's going to get . 
Just keep swimming . Just keep swimming . Swimming , swimming . 
Please change your facebook profile picture to a\ 
cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . \ 
Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) , there should be no human faces on Facebook , \ 
but an invasion of memories . This is in protest of violence against \ 
children . 
If you click \ 
'' like '' on my status , I'll tell you : 1 . Something new I've learned \ 
about you after looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you \ 
make me think of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me\ 
of . 5 . Something I have always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing\ 
about you 7 . Give you a ...... nickname you may or may not like . 8 . Ask \ 
you to post this little game as your status . 
Only a few more things to do , and I'm set for the wedding . No wonder there are such things as Bridezillas , it's a lot of work . 
Everyone should check out the newly reopened Quiznos in Fort Union ( near starbucks ) . We just went , the new owner was awesome ! 
Anyone have a good nail salon they like , but isn't super expensive ? I'm looking to get fake nails before the wedding , and the last place I went to it looked like I had frankenstein's nails . 
Tomorrow marks 8 more days . So close and yet seems so far . 
Tron was EPIC . Definitely a must see . 
I feel like I'm little again and Christmas is tomorrow . :) 
After a travel fiasco yesterday , we are now enjoying ourselves relaxing in the hotel . Tomorrow , Disneyland ! 
Taking a break from Disney and checking out a movie in Anaheim's Gardenwalk . 
Heading back to SLC today . Glad to go home , sad I can't live in Dinseyland . 
Where we go we don't need roads , and where we stop nobody knows . 
Be an advocate of joy . 
Back to the gym today . Love those endorphins ! 
I'm not as bad at sewing as I thought I was . Sweetttt . 
What I thought was allergies , seems to be a cold that continues to get worse . Grr . Go away . 
GO PACK GO !!! Hopefully Dad and Lombardi were watching together somewhere . 
Wrote 500 words yesterday , and 500 today . Brick by brick , baby . 
Today is a furlough day for Canyons District . Today I got up extra early to be on Capitol Hill with some of my colleagues , talking with our legislators . 
Worried about some of the things/changes that might happen in education . We really need to be aware and speak up on important issues . 
That being said , there are also some good advocates on Capitol Hill . 
My Fabric is now officially organized by color . Woot . 
To be productive , or not to be productive . That's the real question , this evening . 
is wondering why she's so klutzy this week ? Bashed both needs into metal cabinet handles in my classroom over the last two days . Ouchie . 
< PROPMALE > and I just danced our pants off with friends , using the Dance Central Game on Kinect . We've got the moves . 
