It's officaly 1/3/10 so HAPPY BIRTHDAY G-MAMA 

is finally out of school 
hope the rain goes away . 
is waiting for things to happen . 
is very tired 
R.I.P. Grandpa < PROPMALE > 
does not feel good 
is watching Horton Hears A Who 
is still in pain from her dad running over her foot . 
watching Law & Order : SVU marathon . 
is really bored . 
Where's the sandman when you need him ? 
is really sore and can't find any band-aids . 
3 months today . 5-17-09 <3 
is still shocked . 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to come over . 
is not having a good day . 
needs to find people in her classes . I don't want to be lonely . 
won our first meet , but coach still isn't haapy . I'm ready to die tomorrow . 
Going to < PROPMALE > tomorrow . 
is in a lot of pain still . 
in < PROPMALE > until Monday . 
my coumpter is making funky noises . I went to the rock n roll hall of fame today . It was amazing . 
won one of our biggest swim meets and coach is very happy . yay . 
Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . We all are so happy about this . YAY !!!!! 
Lakeview took 7th place out of 12 teams at the Tower relays . 
feels bad for < PROPFIRST > . :( I need people to go to my bolwing fundrasier . 
sounds like a chipmunk . 
doesnt want to go to 5:30 morning practice . 
won the swim meet tonight . 
wants to feel better . 
starting to feel better . Fun filled weekend ahead though . Saturday : Maybe hanging out with < PROPFIRST > , babysitting , homework , and sleep . Sunday : More homework , chores , and then more sleep . 
doing homework . 
is home sick . Praying grandpas surgery goes well . Love you Grandpa . 
they dont know what's wrong with me . 
back to back city champs and took 1st and 2nd place in my heats . 
had fun yesterday at < PROPFIRST>'s homecoming . 
Needs to find someone to go trick-or-treating with . I know I'm 15 and all , but come on it's free < PROPFEMALE > . 
We won the Shorian Relays and I got a medal !!!!!!!!!! 
had an amazing day yesterday . 
I need a break from school . 
My mom's doing ok for those of you who want to know . 
my mommy is home yay !!!!!! The doctor said I was healthy . 
they need to come up with a spine transplant and if they do I am going to be the first in line . 
we took 5th today . 
let's see I have homwork to do , a room to clean , and lundry to do so what am I doing ? Texting < PROPFIRST > and playing around on facebook . 
what is uo with the impossible math homework . 
Swimming is almost done . ( : or :( I'm not sure just yet . 
way too much homework for me to do . Most of it is english because I think Mr. < PROPFIRST > is craking down on us . 
I got a first place in my 100 freestlye . It's a big medal . 
I have a sugar rush !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hanging out with < PROPFIRST > . 
I want to not be in pain . 
its 6 months today ! 5-17-09 
I am offiacly not that smart . I burned myself on a light that had been on for a good 20 minutes . 
I'm back to doing makeup work for school in 5 hours . Tomorrow school , maybe homework , and then off to the gym for the first time . 
I will run around in cricles becuse my inner 5 year old is extremly happy . Coloring for homework , apple juice , cherrios , and nap time . Yay 
I had some amazing tacos and now they are all gone . It makes me quite sad . Law and Order : SVU marathon on today . 
I need to see some of friends asap because I'm feeling like I have no life . 
I can't figure out what color to dye my hair . Any suggestions ? 
I am in so much pain right now . 
I had a very interesting thanksgiving break . 
ok now I have narrowed down my essay topics to the death penalty or euthanasia . I can't decide which one to do it on ? Help ! 
my stomache feels 65% better . Make up work for school , shower , then off to sports banquet . 
oh no I have writers block . 
I'm watching Law & Order : SVU . This epsiode is getting on my last good nereve . What is with people being rastic against Jewish and African American people . It makes me want ot punch a wall . I'm sorry I can't spell . 
Hey family peeps ! If you don't know what to get me for X-mas . Visa gift cards . ;P 
I'm in a lot of pain and I don't feel good . 
watching < PROPMALE > Horror Picture Show and downloading the cd onto my iPod . Good day . 
My parents tricked me . My varsity jacket did get here before christmas . 
is so confused . 
I have the best parents in the world . Love you mom and dad !!!!!!! 
I want a snow day tomorrow !!!!!! 
I'm going to do my homework , read , shower , and bed ! 
more finals tomorrow . :( 
two finals down two more to go . 
finals are finished . 
Happy birthday little brother ! Finally I'm not the only teenager in the house . 
is in a bad mood and dont ask me why . 
All the lonely people where do they all come from . 
I'm sending a mental message to the person to call me , but its not working . 
I'm really bored . 
wants to talk to him . Stupid phones and no mind control powers . The distance most likely doesn't help either . lol :) 
watching the check up with Dr. < PROPFIRST > for Teen Mom ! Then relaxing and bed . Doctor's in the morning ; going in late to school . 
The doctor's took all day long . My appointment was at nine in the morning and I got out at one in the afternoon . 
Baby call me when you can please ! I really need to talk to you . 
They found out what was physically wrong with me today . I'm having mixed emotions about it though . Happy because I have a diganosis , but sad because of what it is . 
I hate how the people you want to talk to are never online or never pick up their phone . 
gym , then homework , then grandma's birthday party . 
Fun day . I was with < PROPFIRST > . would like to know where he went off to ? I can't find him . 
Driver's test tomorrow . I'm really nervous . 
I passed my driver's test . 
extremly bored and wants the person to call her . 
Watching 16 & Pregnant and the girl says she's from < PROPMALE > , MI . I tell my mom and the first thing out of her mouth is and I quote , \I wonder if we're related to them . \"" 
is having a < PROPMALE > case of writer's block . It's not even funny . 
English essay . Fun . 
Waiting for 8:45 . Really bored and wishing for mind powers . Also trying this new thing called being nice out , but I don't know who to start with . 
I wonder what life would be like with mind powers . 
I should go to bed , but my body is having trouble telling day from night . That means not only am I up , but I'm wide awake . 
When you want time to speed up it slows down , but when you want time to slow down it speeds up . Not cool . 
I got a car yesterday , but the battery keeps dying which sucks because my CD is in the radio/CD player . This isn't good . 
Phones have a purpose , but I hate it when people don't use the purpose at all and you really want to talk to them . So nervous . 
My back is killing me . It feels like there is a knife in it . Literally it feels like I a knife has gone into my back . 
Birthday in 4 days and lisence in 5 days . 
Birthday in 3 days and lisence in 4 days . 
Birthday in 2 days and lisence in 3 . 
Birthday tomorrow and lisence in 2 days . Waiting for things to happen and I'm extremly bored . 
Thank you everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
Those kids I read to today were so cute . 
really bored . 
My day has been good expect for the part where I spilled water on my self twice today . 
school tomorrow is pretty much useless , but I still have to go . 
I guess it's random headache time now . Great . Three and half days until spring break though . 
Stay sane inside insanity . 
I got into a car accident today because some guy hit me while I was backing out of my driveway . 
I've had a rough past three days , but I techinally leave for vacation in three days . 
Today's schedule : errands , movies , and reading . 
Back from vacation . 
I have to write eight character profiles for creative writing . I think it's nap time . 
Today's 5th hour confirmed that Creative Writing is my favorite class ever . 
This week was a very long week . I'm so glad it's the weekend and I'm hoping the plans don't fall through . I've been looking forward to it all week . 
Weird week . I feel bad for what happened . I'm so ready for school to be done . 
Today was a very strange day at school . Very sad and not as loud as usual . http://chatter.com/a/6fu47?ref=nf 
has < PROPMALE > writer's block and she has no idea what to write for her short story . 
nothing to do . I'm really bored . 
There was an explosion on < PROPMALE > a few mintues ago . 
1 down and either 3 or 4 to go . It's a good start . 
This weather is messing with my back . 
I hate when the one person you really need to talk to either doesn't awnser their phone or their phone is dead . 
I'm scared and I hate when people don't answer their phones . It makes me sad . 
I wish I could know what's going on . It's scaring me . 
While you SCREAM at your woman , there's a man\ 
wishing he could talk softly to her ear ... While you HUMILIATE , OFFEND\ 
and INSULT her , there's a man flirting with her and reminding her how\ 
wonderful she is . While you HURT your woman , there's a man wishing he\ 
could make love to her . While you make your women CRY there's a man\ 
stealing smiles from her ... Post this on your wall if you're against Domestic Violence 
Hmmmmm ............... I wonder if you are really lying to me . Let me know . 
I hate writer's block . Anyway it's been one year for me and < PROPFIRST > . Yay ! 
12 more days of school days left . 
11 more school days left . 
2nd part of English 3 final and Computer Apps 2 final tomorrow . 
No matter what happens remember I love you . 
Im < PROPFEMALE > and ..... I suck . < PROPMALE > ..... Crumpets . Yeah that baby you heard in the background is crying for you . Delete this . I dare you ... 
Just wondering . 
Wondering about things . I hope things are as good as I think they are . 
Like this statuss and ill tell you what my FAVORITE feature on you is . Put this as your status if you dare 
Finally I'm home for more than three days . 
Like my status and i'll tell you my like , dislike , first impression and confession about you 
Team bonding later tonight . 
Today is the first day with my contacts . It feels weird . 
I'm really bored . Any ideas on things to do ? 
\Mine's better I get to help little children . \"- Me \ " So I get to save people from killers . \"- < PROPFIRST > Hicks \ " Only after they're dead . \"- Me \ " So I get to save people who would've been killed by the killer if I wasn't there OH ! \"- < PROPFIRST > Hicks How I love our conversations < PROPFIRST > Hicks . " 
1 ) AP Calc-Culver\ 
2 ) AP Govermet-Oster\ 
3 ) AP Chem-Hull\ 
4 ) U.S. History-Ellerbrock 
My homeowrk is done at a normal time tonight . 
Tonight the girl's varsity swim team went BACK-TO-BACK-TO-BACK CITY CHAMPS against Lakeshore and South Lake . 
I feel bad for missing school and practice , but when you can barely walk , it's probably for the best . 
1 every 10 people born are gay . That means 1 of every 10 people are instantly put down , given bad labels , left alone , put in a minority and so much more , all for something they didn't ask for . Gay teens are committing suicide as a way of escaping . If you want to tell them life will get better and you respect them , copy and paste this . Most of you wont , but let's see the 5% of you who will . stand up against bullying ! 
You're the best thing that's ever been mine . <3 
Writer's block sucks when you have to write an essay . 
I still feel sick . Hopefully tomorrow I'll feel better . 
I have an important essay to write for english so of course I have to get writer's block . 
People suck ! 
So I can't figure out the practice test that I'm suppose to do . Oh well ... I guees I'll wait until Oster goes over it . 
That just made my day ! 
One of the best birthdays ever . Finally got all of our flight information which means that this trip is offically real . Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday . 
I hate feeling sick and not being able to go to school . 
