Random quote : It's boy stalking time ! 

Random quote : Go back ? Your world is so acommodating , you have teliphones and guns and what's that sticky stuff called ? ( duck tape sir ) Ah yes I love duck tape 
I wonder how long it takes to create an hour long animated movie 
I need some duct tape ... or is it duck tape ? I am awful at spelling 
:) 
I don't like that picture :) 
I am less photogenic than my cat ! 
Quest for camelot Garrett-what are you ? [ pokes two headed dragon with stick ] < PROPFIRST > [ one of the heads]frankly we are the reason cousins shouldn't marry 
Look at that video , I am such a dork sometimes 
Oh and yes < PROPFEMALE > that is a blind hermit 
Hey everyone happy thanksmas and thanksgiving ! I'm sitting here thanking the world for internet right now otherwise I would be more bored than I am right now . Peeling apples making ice cream cleaning all for thanksmas tonight ( a mix of thanksgiving and christmas ) I am thankful for a roof over my head running water , heat ac and my pets . I am also thankful for my friends :) 
My aunt who went to rome is going to email me all her pictures soon ! 
I am currently making a warrior cats fan website I will be posting a link whenever its done 
Hey everyone ! I have initially published my first website ! So come type into the address box warriorworldroleplay.webs.com . Even if you don't like warriors or cats you gotta admit it's pretty cool 
Ouote of the day : There's the door you know how to use it ... you do know how to use it right ? 
Random quote : The world shouldn't mess with a country that celebrates freedom by blowing stuff up 
Random quote : love is like fire , its fun to play with but it can hurt you if your not careful 
Random quote : There comes a time in everyone's life where you use every cuss you have ever heard in one sentence when the situation demands it 
Random quote : ' Quiet!' ' Why do you hear something ? ' ' No I just want you to be quiet ' ( all said in a slight british accent ) 
Random quote : There's the door you know how to use it ! Wait you do know how to use it right ? 
Random quote : If my cat could talk all I would hear all day would be fetch me my food you usless peasent ! 
Random quote : Ah run the creationists are coming ! 
I was pinned down while someone ripped the hair out of my eyebrows . It was torture but on the bright side it looks fantastic 
AHHHH MY CAT JUST THREW UP IN MY CLOSET !!! AND GUESS WHO HAD TO CLEAN IT UP why did I make him my avatar ? 
If I came with a warning label what would it say ? I DARE YOU TO PUT THIS ON YOUR PROFILE AND SEE WHAT YOUR FRIENDS SAY ! :) 
Random quote : Wow these people make Stalin and Hitler look like kindergarten teachers 
OH MY GOD ! I showed my parents what I taught my dog to do and they were proud for once . I'm hoping I can have him certified as a Therapy dog I'll post pictures of him soon ! 
My dog might become a therapy dog ! He just needs to pass the CGC test ! Thats Canine Good Citizen by the way :) He still has trouble holding still though 
My Mafia wars account finally started working again ! I was set back a few levels though but I got a whole bunch of free stuff so I'm happy :) 
Random quote : ' The world is flat ' ' Um where have you been ? ' ' I fell off the edge ' ' let me guess you fell on your head ' ' Yes how did you know ? ' 
Random quote : Be quiet ' ' Why did you hear something ? ' ' No I just want you to be quiet ' 
SAVE THE FROGS !!!!!!!! 
Save the frogs !!!!!!!!! 
Writing update : Hey everyone I have finished the first draft of a book right schedule on I'm hoping to publish it in a few months ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! I'm in St < PROPFIRST > and my grandparents haven't let us open presents ... this is actually christmas number three for me , christmas number two got me a cell phone so im not . complaining :) 
I know many of you don't care but for christma i got ... a < PROPFEMALE > bow and quiver full of arrows , a headache and a babysitting job for tomorrow .. I also got 40$ 
Writing has been difficult i started a new story while the first one is going through < PROPMALE > editing and i have hit writers block 
agggh im sick ! :( 
Random quote : When times get tough start a garden when times get tougher start a bigger garden 
Random quote : We can do our nails put on makeup do our hair and we can still kick your ass 
Happy new years everybody ! 
I'm watching a TV show called oddities .... it is extremely weird ...... 
Random quote : Don't do it you'll break your neck ! ' been there broke that , now lets get on with it!' 
NO SCHOOL TOMORROW !!! well as of now :) 
I find it rather strange and morbid that in lord of the rings the elf and the dwarf actually count how many soldiers they have killed and brag about it to the other 
Random quote : Sorry its a jungle out there I had to beat an old lady with a stick to get these cranberries 
Random quote : you would date someone to get information ? ( well yeah ? ) I didn't know you could be so cruel and heartless ... TEACH ME !!!! 
My dad is incapable of pronouncing latte 
Random quote : This is their will- the kid gets it all just plant us in the damn garden with the stupid lion 
Random quote : No person fights with god on their side 
Ok I'm in a bit of a dilemma . I have written a book in a complete manuscript revised and revised until I'm sick of my own book and now I'm wondering where I should go now ? Should I submit my work to a bunch of publishers and hope for the best ? Or should I use unibook.com to self publish for free and hope for the best there ? Or both ? 
random quote : You will be surprised what you can convince the general public 
Archery regionals today . All I have to think about is yay extra shooting today !!! Hopefully I'll do alright 
Random quote from the awesome show fringe ! : Walter : They said I could ride in the back with the body .... Can I ? Please ? 
Going to St < PROPFIRST > today hurray ... not . I do not want to go but I have to ... maybe if my parents didn't spend so much to go there we could actually go somewhere cool like Russia or England or < PROPFEMALE > . But no I see the arch in my future ... 
Hey does anyone know for sure when extra track practices are ? 
Okay everyone ( especially girls :) when we get back to school I need magazines and catalogs like Seventeen magazine or < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > catalogs anything where there are people pictured :) Clippings work too 
Thanks to those stupid budget cuts and the economy conditions I won't be able to graduate early ... it's not fair !!!!!!! 
My usual morning thoughts when I try to be positive : Good morning ( kinda ) The sun is shining ( not really ) and the earth says hello ( no its saying stop walking all over me ! ) 
< PROPMALE > Arthur : I am your < PROPMALE > . Woman : Well I didn't vote for you . < PROPMALE > Arthur : You don't vote for < PROPMALE > s . Woman : Well how'd you become < PROPMALE > then ? 
< PROPMALE > of Swamp Castle : You only killed the bride's father , you know . Sir Lancelot : Well , I didn't mean to . < PROPMALE > of Swamp Castle : Didn't mean to ? You put your sword right through his head . Sir Lancelot : Oh dear ... is he all right ? 
Random quote : P.S. I did read your diary but it was really hard because your writing is all cramped and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Is it bad when you get a warm and pleasant feeling from eating cookies in front of someone and not giving them any ? 
Quote of the week : Hey if you can't be cool be feared ... my mom always told me that 
I'M ANGRY : I cannot publish my book that I painstakingly took a year to write . It will cost 10 dollars to print a single manuscript ( offical copy ) which my parents are unwilling to do for obvious reasons . When they say don't quit your day job they're not kidding but what do you do when your a teenager without a job or the means to get one ? ANY IDEAS ? Sos ! help ! 
Why does it seem like this last week has sucked for everyone ? 
Inspector Tiger : Now , alduce me to introlow myself . I'm sorry . Alself me to myduce introlow . Introme tolose mylow alself . Alme to you introself mylowduce . Excuse me a moment . [ bangs himself on the head ] Inspector Tiger : Allow me to introduce myself . I'm afried I must ask that n o-o ne leave the room . Allow me to introduce myself . I'm Inspector Tiger . 
The Doctor : [ about the telescope ] It's a bit rubbish . How many prisms has it got ? Way too many ... the magnification's gone right over the top , that's a stupid kind of - [ aside to ROSE ] The Doctor : - am I being rude again ? < PROPFEMALE > Tyler : Yup . The Doctor : But it's pretty ! Very ... pretty ! 
( The Doctor runs into a room in which < PROPMALE > is on a bed with a laptop ) The Doctor : Hello . Laptop . Gimme . < PROPMALE > : No , no , no , no , no ... < PROPFEMALE > on !!! The Doctor : Give it here . ( takes the laptop from < PROPMALE > , and notices the contents of the screen ) ... See More The Doctor : Blimey , get a girlfriend , < PROPMALE > ... 
I went out in the rain and hail to take pictures . I stepped over rapid waters and almost fell eight times just to take pictures . How many people can see me ten years from now sitting around and taking pictures of extremely dangerous stuff in extremely dangerous conditions ? 
I had to babysit last night til 10:30 the little girls were cute and I got ten bucks so I'm very happy right now ... ten bucks closer to a passport :) 
I'm sick ... uggh 
I just finished a sick day of watching horror movies ending with the others and prom night ... better than last time when I went through a bunch of disney movies like < PROPFEMALE > and snow white :) 
NATIONALS TOMORROW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Most people would rather die than think ; in fact , they do so . Bertrand < PROPFIRST > 
I have to go to my sister's graduation tonight uggh I have to dress nice 
I'm submitting my manuscript to elixir press by may 31 , and then hopefully I can submit it to bloomsbury as well . Hopefully I'll get published and be able to say I accomplished something :) 
Yay I've actually finally gotten a profile pic ! 
SCHOOL'S OUT WAHOO YIPPEE !!!!!! 
Ugggh my sister stole my phone charger and I won't get it back til the weekend :( 
My house is being invaded by construction workers 
Omg im soooooooooo sad right now my pack of four dogs is going to become three again ... I wanna cry now :( but I won't 
Wahoo !!!! Nevermind ! my dad wanted to put one of my dogs to sleep but my vet convinced him to try a really strong medication !!!! Wahoo he's safe again ! 
< PROPFIRST > : maybe your forgetting I've seen her she is a grotesque unkissable ugly nightmare ugly and puke -- \ ( < PROPMALE > covers his mouth ) < PROPMALE > : Excuse me little worm I know your kind spoiled rotten mamas boys with nothing -- oh god he licked me ! Reporter : < PROPFIRST > ! < PROPFIRST > : Wat ? Reporter : Don't lick < PROPMALE > " 
Random quote : After a few men came through my house and rejected me in lets just say a not too graceful way my mother decided to invest in a few new things such as ( shows a man running into the window ) shatter proof glass and ( shows the butler running after another man ) sneakers for < PROPMALE > 
My house has been invaded by family friends of the family offspring of the friends of the family and nieghbors ... to think my sisters graduation party isn't even until tomorrow . Then people will be everywhere !!!!!!!!! 
I went to Silver Dollar City yesterday had fun ate a lot walked alot rode almost everything there . My aunt took us and she's really easygoing so it was even more fun 
Random quote : Bye boys have fun storming the castile ! 
I'm at the pool usin grandmas phone to check facebook :) hehe I like iPhones 
Random quote : Sheriff : That is the trouble with foreign travel ! You run into the same people that you see at home . 
Random quote chain : Allan : You see , the thing is ... \ 
Will : I think I love her .. \ 
Allan : [ at the same time ] I really like her ! [They look at each other in uncomfortable silence . ] 
If you hate the fact that you can't dislike a comment LIKE this 
quote of the day : is this bed a bomb ? Yes but it most likely won't go off . Awesome 
wahoo babysitting while a huge storm is making my cat literally sliding down the deck like he's on the titanic . Hehe sirens haven't gone off yet so that's good :D 
trying to get a student visa . Hey if you know what a student visa is tell me :) I mean I know what it is but I wanna see how many ppl actually know what it is :D 
Wahoo every photo of me looks stupid but I DON'T CARE HAHAHA 
Every awkward moment in life gives you the < PROPMALE > to ponder just about anything but usually you end up saying ' So .... ' 
I've decided that I want to become a comedian ... I wanna here myself be bleeped at least once on TV . 
Wahoo get to go to the pool tomorrow , went running with my little brother . He made me stop early by laying on the grass and refusing to take a step further without me stopping 
Random quote:he's like(fake argentinan accent ) < PROPMALE > you go to school with beautiful girls and you not like one of them ? It was embarassing just to shut him up I wanted to say yeah there's someone I want to go with he's A GUY ! 
Wahoo got to blow stuff up all night yesterday !!!!! Hehe 
Leaving for Texas today wahoo !!!!! 
What happens if you get scared half to death twice ? 
Hey everyone cant txt for a while sorry :P 
Like my status if you've seen the movie Mommy Dearest 
1Biggers \ 
2Jennings\ 
3Germann \ 
4Treadway \ 
5Damron \ 
C Lunch\ 
6Miller\ 
7 Wessley \ 
8Parrish 
1 . biggers , 2 jennings , 3 germann 4 treadway 5 damron C lunch , 6 Miller 7 wessley 8 parrish 
The eightfold path : 1 right view 2right intention 3right speech 4right action 5right livelihood 6right effort 7right mindfulness 8right concentration 
NO MORE WIRE HANGERS !!!!!!!!! 
Uggh I'm tired of the whole last few days of summer ! I almost wish school would just start already ! :D 
< PROPFIRST > Cleese : Well , I feel that I should say : nonsense . Good riddance to him , the freeloading bastard , I hope he fries . And the reason I feel I should say this is he would never forgive me if I didn't , if I threw — threw away this glorious opportunity to shock you all on his behalf . Anything for him but mindless good taste .... 
Random quote : Um good morning I am a bank robber please don't panic just hand me all of your money . Clerk : Uh this is a lingerie shop sir . Robber : fine fine fine ... adult adapt and improve .... uh what have you got ? Clerk:We've got corsets stockings suspenderbelts bras pettiecoats Knickers and socks and garters sir . Robber : I'll take knickers then 
Put this as your status , and see what people rate you ; 1 = Crazy , 2 = I'd Marry You , 3 = Talkative , 4 = Sarcastic , 5 = I Miss You , 6 = I'd Kiss You , 7 = Moody , 8 = Dumb , 9 = Energetic , 10 = Spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = Hott , 13 = Funny , 14 = Ahmazing , 15 = Tough , 16 = Cute , 17 = Beautiful , 18 = Nerd , 19 = I Love You (: ? 
is going to have a girly \fun day\ " tomorrow with my sister to kick the school year off ... wish me luck I hope i don't end up throwing up :D " 
Random quote : I don't tweet you back then you drive to my house to confront me ? Wait how do you even know where I live ? 
is watching scream , its very interesting 
Ugggh I have to be stabbed in the arm with a needle tomorrow , not looking forward to that .... 
just saw vampires suck :) it was awesome ! 
School went alot better than I expected it to :) 
Wahoo absolutely awesome day at school !!!!! Now its weekend and wahoo awesome weekend ahead ! 
I wanted to stay out of the whole rubber band thingys ( i have no idea what they're really called ) but then my sister bought eight packs of them then realized she bought three of the same so now I have them 
Ugggh . Yeah that's pretty much all i feel like saying rite now 
Woo get to go run ! Its a beautiful day in the neighborhood a beautiful day in the neighborhood and I'm gonna stop singing now oh going to stop singing now ! :D 
I sat down and finally watched twilight . I couldn't take it seriously i was laughing hysterically the whole time !!! It probably didn't help that I saw vampires suck .... 
I'm sick :P 
woo ! I got to have yoda !!!!!!! haha 
I love how my lack of popularity creates a lack of interest in what I put on my wall :D 
Wahoo cleaning the bathroom while listening to music this is the life !!! Not , anyway , next up moping garage then bedroom 
Oh oh imagine as I'm pacing the pews of a church corridor and I can't help to hear no I can't help to hear and exchanging of words .... 
happy birthday to me happy birthday to < PROPFEMALE > happy birthday to us .... :D 
Alas poor yorick I knew him Horinto , a fellow off infinate jest of most excellent fancy ! ( raises skull above his head ) 
Just watched children of the corn .... I didn't like it , it was just too freaky . 
Wow I question my level of maturity when during romantic scenes in a movie I still run out of the room screaming \ewwwwwww\ " like I did when I was five " 
A nightingale in a < PROPFEMALE > cage\ 
That's me locked inside reality's maze\ 
Come someone make my heavy heart light\ 
Come undone\ 
Bring me back to life\ 
\ 
It all starts with a lullaby 
Drama club was epic , library afterwards was hysterical , the ride home not so much because my little brother was extremely excited about seeing his second hot air balloon in his lifetime OMH < PROPFEMALE > IT'S HUGE !!!! yeah haha not fun 
I'm going to end up an old lady with like fifteen dogs chasing kids off my lawn with a frying pan :D 
Priest : begone you demons from hell ! Back to the void from which you came ! You shall not enter here ! Back back ! Skeleton man : Would you keep it down we're in a church ! 
< PROPMALE > potter movie !!!! November 19 !!!! Any groupies wanna come with me ? Haha its a friday by the way !!!!! 
I'm watching the legion . I just saw a woman who looked similar to several elderly members of my family turn into this demon thing ... that was ... weird . 
who's there knocking at my window\ 
its the owl and the dead boy \ 
this night whispers my name\ 
all the dying children 
Cuz all your heads are gonna rolll I've made your misery my goal so if you want survival kneel on my arrival this is how I rule the world !!!! I love this song ! 
Even though I swore off of it I'm now watching the wizard of oz .... 
Twas the morning before christmas and all through the house not a creature was stirring not even a mouse then suddenly i wake with an obese pug on my face i get up and walk down the stairs when a gas leak springs , out in the snow we go ( or not ) and a specialist comes to examine the leak I give him a cookie and he goes on his way ..... yeah a kind of weird Christmas < PROPFEMALE > 
I am glad I am not the only one up at this hour :D Christmas was amazing and I got to go to starbucks so yeah this has been a brilliant day 
who wants a snow day ?! I myself am neutral to the idea .... 
| I'm < PROPFEMALE > ! RAWRRRR . 
Ah yes today has been good , except for the fact that i ended up being so bored that I'm watching a TV show in dutch ... without english subtitles 
no school tomorrow either 
So I've figured out that eating half a pan of brownies doens't help the fact that you're locked in your house with your family , and I'm suddenly jealous of < PROPMALE > kids who are sent to boarding school .... and yet another family fun day tomorrow :P 
my phone was stolen , if anyone got any weird texts , that's why . We shut the phone off , but still 
I had a great time being referred to as < PROPFEMALE > 1 at a party with another person with the same name and spelling of itXD 
I absolutely despise being sick .... and on a Wensday too ! :P i like Wensdays usually .... 
I finally got a new cell phone ! 
Having the day/week from hell .... Sammy died :( 
Going to DC tomorrow ... YAY I can't wait to go and be rushed through everything condensing the experience into a mere four days and be able to say I've been there 
