Working on this home work bout to clock into work 

chilliin wishin the homework would stop lol 
Just randomly woke up !!!!!!!!!!!! Straight pissed 
Sittin here writin my paper on whether Boxing or MMA is better to watch ...... Any suggestions ???????????? 
Not feelin too well !!!! Just got home from the hospital i bumped my head last night and i apparently got a concussion lol owell .... 
She is my everything i learn that i need her more and more everyday she truly is that < PROPFEMALE > in my eye !!!!!!!!!!! 
I must say iron man two is on my top ten movie list !!!!! 
IDK anymore whats the point in beein hurt over someone you can't even have in the first place it mustve been make believe from the jump but whatever im just gonna work go to school and just do me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! F**k it all . 
It's amazing as to how a woman can stop you from thinking about another women ! 
feeling so incredible woke up worked out real good eatin healthy im on my grown man shyt and cant nobody stop me 
It is now 10am and im bored as hell but i guess ima bout to get started on my homewrk yay 
you know what face bookers i feel industructible today im havin one of those days where nothing else matters im gonna work out and get in the zone yep the zone !!!!! 
got my run on today just a lil bit im outta shape lol gotta work on that if i wanna lose the weight i wanna lose 
Startin today ima stop complaining about what life has taken away from me and instead ima be happy and gratefull for what life has givin me and what is in store for me in the future !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;-) 
What would you do if you went to the bar and brought a female home but it turned out they werent a female lol would you flip and tell em to leave or calmly tell em to leave ???? 
You should've seen your face HAH CLASSIC !!!!!!!!!!! 
Just got through watchin kickass i must say top fav thats for sure 
the hard times of RJ Berger is a funny tv series you people should be watchin it if you like to laugh like i do 
You don't love a girl because of beauty . You love her because she sings a song only you can understand ........... 
Love is like a tornado , it could strike at anytime and if your not prepared for it , you could end up in disaster .. 
It's a confusing feeling whenever your starving and the only thing that feeds your soul is a certain woman .... Not sure if i should be scared or happy ???? 
im feelin like a beast 
What the hell is this number bull crap 
Thanks for the bday wishes everyone 
I haven't been on here in a while I just got the new mesmerized android phone and it's complicated lol 
Shyt at work bored wish I could just walk out lol 
