This is interesting lol . 

Finally New Years < PROPFEMALE > ! And we still have 2 more weeks off of school . Sucks for you high schoolers ! haha 
57 more minutes !! 
What to do this year ? I gotta get a job ! 
Wow did my phone just send a bunch of people messages that were from days ago ? Why !!? 
And I would take all of your suffering if it would do any good , cause we are one flesh , one life , one blood . 
I've got a pocket , got a pocket full of sunshine (: 
Good Night ! (: 
I've been pretty tired lately . And this Flashforward show is weird . I don't suggest watching it , it's pretty boing . Goodnight :) 
Good day ! :) 
Ah , I have two essay's to write tonight because my teacher didn't feel the need to tell us they were all going to be due on Wednesday until today . Lame ! 
Thanks everyone for telling me happy birthday ! :) lol 
I'm pretty excited to start school . :) I have everything all figured out and now I don't have anything to worry about , so it'll be so great . Tomorrow is my last day of summer ! 
About to go to math and then I get out at 12:50 and I will be done for the day , and I'll be getting a new phone . Today will be good :) 
Got my new phone and its supercoo ! 
My phone is an HTC aria in case you were wondering :p 
Going to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST>'s to watch The Wall . Snap ! 
I think its time to try out some videos ! I haven't watched music videos in a long time . 
Blah ! And we still gotta go shopping for snacks and wake up early ! I want to sleep in , but waking up will totally be worth it . ( : 
I am really , really tired ! Goodnight (: 
I wonder why my Facebook is deciding not to load my activity stream ? It's annoying ! 
I am tired ! But I can't go to sleep till after The Gates comes on . Well I can , but I want to see this episode . 
Time to make a playlist on my phone grooveshark thing . ( : 
So I got my online banking fixed . I don't have class till 2 . But I gotta read till then , and eat my corn dog . What's up ?! 
Going to history class ! (: 
Almost done with school ! Lol 
Just chillin . 
I had a dream that I was telling a story in French . It was pretty cool , lol . 
So It's supposed to get up to 110 outside . Fml ! I think today is going to be a bad day . 
I have a bad feeling in my stomach . :/ 
I like college a lot more than high school because everyday is different , and you can pick your own schedule . 
But the bad part about it is not all of your friends end up at the same one . / : 
Half an hour till I start history ! 
Sorta hungry . Definitely bored . Slightly irritated . Really tired . 
Gotta be here for 3 1/2 more hours ! Laaaame . 
This is not my fault , so whatever . I'll just continue to feel stressed out until everything works out , good or bad . 
Chillin downtown with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > ! 
I've had a headache since 5 . Wtf ! I don't want to take any pills for it , not its not going away . / : 
I'm so glad I only have one class tomorrow . Get out at 12:50 ! (: 
Had a heart to heart with < PROPFEMALE > today too . I'm going to miss her a bunch !!! But its pretty cool she is going to school in SF , yeah ?! 
I don't think I can sleep anymore . / : 
Today seems like it's going to be a good day . ( : 
I found the song I wanted . :D today is gonna be good ! 
I only have 50 minutes of school today ! 
My stomach just made a weird machine gun noise ! D: I think I'm gonna make a sandwich . 
CapriSuns are delicious . 
Whew walked from the college to < PROPFIRST>'s house . At least I am done with school today . ( : 
This teriyaki burger is hella good ! 
Blah ! 
Oh I made cheese cake ! I'm gonna eat some now . ( : 
I need a hair cut ! 
Damn < PROPFEMALE > , just spray me in the face with air freshener ! Wtf lol . 
Goodnight ! Hella looking forward to sleeping in . ( : 
So much for sleeping in ! 
My stomach hella hurts ! Something I ate , I threw up twice . D: 
People keep yelling outside and its really annoying . 
My stomach still hurts , Wtf ! 
Third week of school coming up ! 
Bed time ! (: 
Woo I have class in 2 hours . I'm hella ahead in that class ! 
Gotta go to school now . 
Goin to bed . 
Oh I hit the roof but I'd aimed for the ceiling . 
Well I hadn't noticed but the people really noticed that they really didn't want us around , so not a single one of us would ever leave town . Here we go sir ! 
New Facebook app as well ! Works better so far . ( : 
Tomorrow will be good . Gonna wake up early and walk to school with < PROPFIRST > ! (: 
Goodnight ! (: 
Waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get out of class . Do some homework ? Yeah ! 
What's gonna happen today ? 
Totally going to sleep . I'm so glad I only have one class tomorrow ! Goodnight (: 
I hate having bad dreams . / : 
Why do people keep slamming the door ?? Stop ! 
I have a headache . / : 
Goin to bed . I'm so glad I don't have a long day tomorrow ! 
I still have an intense headache . Allergies suck ! 
Today is my long day . I really don't feel good but I have to do it . 
Ooh right now I actually feel fine ! No headache or runny nose . I'm ready for today . I get out at 12:50 ! (: 
Yeah I'm doing ky homework right now (: and I'm getting my tattoo fixed tomorrow !! I'll post pictures for sure . 
Why can't people just do what they say they're going to do ? 
Awh the Nanny McFee was a cute movie . Lol 
Going to eat at the mall . 
Wow its not even 11 and I was all ready to go to bed . I am not even tired ! 
Hate my long days . They are TOO long . 
I think tonight sucked . Srsly . 
Ah goodnight . 
Today might be better , hopefully . 
Going to sleep . Long day tomorrow . 
Let's get this day over with already ! The only good thing about today is that Gray's Anatomy is coming on tonight . Other than that , my whole day was ruined -- 
-- because PEOPLE SUCK . 
2 hours and 15 minutes until I can go home .. 
Ftw , I'm not doing ANYONE any favors . Unless its family or very close friends . 
Good shows come on tonight , and my late class wasn't so bad . I think it actually made me feel better ! 
Only one class tomorrow !! And I'm getting my tattoo all fixed up if everything goes as planned . ( : 
Also , I don't have to deal with any stupid _______ tomorrow , so it will definitely be a better day ! 
Does anyone else think those Shards O Glass commercials are funny ? I think they're hilarious ! Lol 
Eh I guess today evened out . But I still hate ungrateful people . No more favors . 
I love how people just feel the need to be annoying ! It's ridiculous . 
Got my tattoo done ! It looks good (: 
Goodnight ! 
How are you gonna ask for help and then turn around and lie ? **** you , no more favors ! 
The weekend can't come soon enough ! I'm already tired and I haven't even gone to school yet . 
Why must I read this crap ? It has nothing to do with anything . I can't even ask questions , and this material is extremely BORING . I just want to ptfo right now . 
Two down , five to go ! :( 
I still can't believe I for jury duty ! That's lame . I really hope I don't miss my test tomorrow .. 
I gotta get back to my homework , I keep getting distracted ! Lol 
Long day today . I have a big test in history , hopefully I do really well ! 
Ah jury duty , I hate you ! You're making me miss my psych test tomorrow !! 
I have the hiccups ! Lame . I'm gonna go to sleeeeep . ( : 
I feel sick . :/ 
Unproductive day . 
I love how my dad is all slow with this \new\ " technology . He's learnin ! Lol " 
Me and < PROPFEMALE > are making everyone pigs in a blanket and French fries for dinner ! This is gonna be delicious . ( : 
Gotta go to school early and try to make up that test I missed today . And then review the reading for my history quiz , and then finish my English reading . 
But I think tomorrow will be good , regardless . ( : 
Supa good ! 
Oh and BTW , the new Law and Order : SVU was INTENSE . < PROPFEMALE > Love Hewitt knows how to act . ( : 
I love how its cloudy outside today . There's shade everywhere ! (: 
The power is out at my house ! This is lame . 
Power is back on !! 
Bright and early ! 
I have a math test today . Hopefully I do good ? At least today is my short day (: 
My puppy is so much bigger since I last saw her ! 
Playing Wii golf with < PROPFIRST > . Lol 
It's raining !! 
I've got a call from the bear , gonna take all his < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > . 
In the car with a girl , promise me she's not your world , cause < PROPMALE > you're a < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Thunder and lightening ! I finished my homework just in time to watch . ( : 
Epic lightening ! It looks cool (: 
< PROPFIRST > is jealous of my Wii bowling skills . :p 
Awh Little Bear is on right now . This used to be my favorite show lol . 
Ah its cold and sprinkling , and I have to wait 2 more hours till my next class . 
Long day . Finally overr . 
Goin to school with < PROPFIRST > . I've got nothing to do till 12 ! Lol 
My phone is off . ): 
So my phone is off , but I still get wi-fi on it ! Lol 
I feel pretty good . Really tired though ! But I gotta watch Grey's Anatomy and the Vampire Diaries . 
I gotta write a final draft , then write a 4 < PROPFEMALE > essay , then write a 2 < PROPFEMALE > project proposal , and then do my works cited this weekend . what a fun weekend right ? 
Super late ! I'm tired . 
I got my report project proposal done within 30 mins , and then did my works cited < PROPFEMALE > . I'm prepared for Tuesday . No worries ! 
But I still gotta start my other essay ! It shouldn't be too difficult though . 
I wish my phone worked . 
South Park is always funny ! Lol 
Time for sleep though ! Goodnight (: 
I just looked up all the classes I need to take next semester , and I will be done with everthing before 1 !! No more late classes . I want a life ! lol 
Now I just have to wait until I can register . 
I finally downloaded < PROPMALE > Petty . 
< PROPMALE > was a bull frog ! He was a good friend of mine . I never understood a single word he said , but I helped him drink his wine . 
I gotta see the world one girl at a time but you're hangin on my sleeve like I care that you're cryin , and I do . 
Gonna do some homework . 
Maybe I'll finish my essay today . Maybe I'll finish my power point too . 
Watching < PROPMALE > Crooger . :o 
Beauty and the Beast ! 
Oh , I finally got a hair cut today . It's pretty short :o and I like it . 
Goodnight . 
Writing my essay . 
I finished my essay !! 
Now I just gotta finish my PowerPoint tomorrow . 
So I came early to work on my powerpoint , and when I try to open it on the school computer , it doesn't work . Lucky < PROPFEMALE > , I have to do it all over again ! 
Cloudie walked more than half-way home ! I'm proud of her (: 
I'm an IST personality ? Is that good ? 
ISTP lol 
I can't breathe !! ): 
I just finished 3 and a half hours of math homework . So I'm pretty tired !! 
Comedy Wednesday !! 
Why do I always say the wrong thing ? 
Goodnight (: 
Nice outside . 
Every\ 
person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one ; to get better . I\ 
know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be\ 
the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer . 
So if I switch my bank to Regions I will get rewarded with a cool green bike ? 
Oh I accomplished a lot today ! Studied and did notes for psychology , and did laundry . And I'm like , 3 sections and days ahead in math . I'm good for the week ! 
Time to relax . Finishing Desperate Housewives and then its Brothers and Sisters . 
I hope everything with Cloudie goes ok .. 
Goodnight . (: 
< PROPMALE > and Joon (: I love this movie ! 
I have an A in Psych ! And in Math ! Lol 
Did it hurt when you fell down from heaven ? 
Gotta go to class , and then I can go home in an hour . :) 
I registered for all my classes for next semester . They were all open (: I'm excited . 
I'm about to dress up ! (: hopefully tonights good . 
Should I take a fifth class ? I'm thinking about it . 
Lame results . :/ 
I'm tired ! 
It's official . I'm taking 16 units next semester , 5 classes . 
Tomorrow will be awesome , Friday will be the start of the weekend and I'm going to < PROPMALE > , and Saturday will be the best !! I'm excited , and tired . 
Ew ! There were 2 spiders in the bathroom ! < PROPFIRST > is in there doing his job lol . 
My phone is on now !! (: 
But I would walk 500 < PROPMALE > and I would walk 500 more just to be the man who walked 1000 < PROPMALE > to fall down at your door ! 
Woot ! Short day of school today . Then its < PROPMALE > !! 
About to get my eyes checked , and in gonna get contacts today ! 
Got my contacts on ! 
Every day looks different . 
So . Tired . 
I'm excited for the new < PROPMALE > Potter coming out !! I'm totally going to see it (: 
So put it in the sky and tell me what you want , light er up , li-light er up . 
Someday you will die and somehow something's gonna steal your carbon . 
Well first off < PROPFIRST > got drunk fell asleep in his car til about noon , our fla t-t op < PROPFIRST > got all messed up split his lip chasin cheap perfume . 
I'm bored , waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get out of class . 
Well that is that and this is this , you tell me what you want and I'll tell you what you get , you get away from me . 
You can stand me up at the gates of hell but I won't back down . 
Thank you Veterans for being brave and fighting for our country !!!! 
Casa de Fruta ! Lol 
Ew < PROPFIRST > just ate a chocolate covered cricket . : -X 
In Monterey with < PROPFIRST > , Judas , and < PROPMALE > . Jealous ? Lol 
Merced : 23 < PROPMALE > . 
Today was a great day . (: 
I'm still tired ! 
So you guys should totally look at my pictures from Monterey ! < PROPFIRST > took all of them . <3 
I wish i was privilaged like Judas ! Lol 
Well i was walking just a little bit sideways and you were walking sideways too , well i hadn't learned when a front door can be used . 
My stomach huuurts ! I don't want to be at school anymore today . I was falling asleep in math . ): 
I still feel kinda crappy . But I had a dream that I had a final in history ! Idk about school today . 
This is the first day that I'm missing ! :o 
As life gets longer awful feels softer , well it feels pretty soft to me . And if it takes shit to make bliss , well I feel pretty blissfully . 
Ah I think I am in the mood to play Spryo !! Lol 
It's weird being on the real facebook website when you've been using it on your phone for such a long time lol . 
So there was a really loud random noise . It freaked me out !! 
Feels like I'm gonna puuuuuke ! 
Feeling better finally ! (: 
< PROPMALE > Potter was awesome !!!! Go watch it if you haven't already lol . It was so good . 
It's been agreed the whole world stinks so no one's takin showers anymore . Lol 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!! (: 
Man , 3 and a half more hours an then we are off to the airport ! I'm not getting sleep tonight or tomorrow . That's what's up . 
Me and Pammie are in Chicago ! We gotta be here for another 2 hours . What's happening California ?! 
Hello Missouri ! Lol 
I get signal by the door ! Lol 
The Minneapolis airport I'd HUGE ! And this is going to be a long 4 hour flight . 
Fml !! I'm already sick again . Whyyyy ?! 
Ah stupid nightmare this morning !!! I need a nap cause my head hurts ): 
Yay I finished my paper for History tomorrow ! 
It is now time for sleeeeeep ! Goodnight (: 
My phone is on its way back to me ! (: 
Today , I really don't feel good . But I have to go to class ! ): 
Yay , I think I did my History paper a class too early ! But at least it is done . (: 
Whooo ! Working on my research paper . Cannot take any breaks ! Lol 
Woot ! It's December and there's only 17 more days of school ! Lol goodnight (: 
After tomorrow , I think college will be much easier . No more papers to turn in !!! Lol Just tests . But that's whateve . And there will only be 15 more days of school ! The countdown continues . (: 
< PROPFIRST > is taking some pictures of the Christmas tree . They look pretty cool . I jumped in front of one to ruin it , and I am a ghost ! That's how good I am :P I didn't even ruin it . 
I have a really intense headache . 
So for people who have my phone number , you can only text me . My phone decided not to work . So I can only text , yay . 
Today just isn't a good day . But at least My phone is going to get fixed for free because they broke it ! 
iCarly , what ?! 
The Killers , what !? They calm me down . 
I'm hungry ! And i have an hour and a half to wait till english . It is boring being at the college doing nothing . 
Just read the mass of messages from yesterday . Way to ruin a good day . 
I am tired all the time ! Even if i get a lot of sleep . 
Gettin ' Jiggy With It . Lol 
So many memories , Truly , Madly , Deeply-Savage Garden . Hahaha don't judge me ! 
The roof , the roof , the roof is on fire ! 
Riding in Cars With Boys . 
' Bout to pay the phone < PROPMALE > . 
Awesome is my middle name . :) 
Study time !! I had 1 final today , i have 2 tonorrow and then 1 on wednesday . And then ...... no more school for a month ! Lol thats whats up . (: 
I want to read Uncle < PROPMALE>'s Cabin . It sounds interesting , but sad . 
How many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned ? The answer my friend is blowin ' in the wind , the answer is blowin ' in the wind . 
< PROPFIRST > to me : if we weren't together i would \like\ " all your facebook statuses cause i would be trying to get with you . Hahahaha wth ? " 
My stapeler can't handle my 24 < PROPFEMALE > research paper packet ! I tried a lot and it denied the staples . :o paperclip ? Lol 
I have a horrible sweet tooth right now . Dinner : 2 pb&j's , some hot cocoa , dessert : some chocolate chip cookies dipped in my cocoa ! Be jealous :p 
I have my last final at 11 . Yay for today being the last day of school , ): for hurting !! I really hope this medicine doesnt make it hard for me to concentrate . 
I am < PROPFEMALE > glad today was my last day . Today i had some pretty good luck for once ! I got money back for my text books . (: 
And i < PROPMALE > out with friends . So i am tired now , goodnight ! 
3rd day in a row that ive woken up with a headache . 
Wow , on Suite Life of Zach and < PROPFIRST > a girl just said about < PROPFIRST > , \That's the only things he's ever excited . \ " Inappropriate much ? Lol " 
Its interesting how much people change . really interesting how those people start doing the same things they used to criticize you for . Ah hypocrites , you suck . 
All of my teachers are hella laggin'! Why can't they post my grades up ? 
OMG ! I got an A in English ! Lol I thought I was going to get a B or a C . I'm super happy right now . :) I have officially passed my first semester of college with two B's and two A's . 
Also , I'm looking for a job . What is hiring ?! 
Someone got me sick ! >:( 
I can't breath ! :( 
So I basically slept all Christmas day and now I am tired again . At least I don't feel as sick anymore (: 
It's weird how easy it is for me to feel exhausted . 
I'm watching Green Street Hooligans , and I'm at the most intense part ! 
Goodniiight (: 
Hot Hot Heat was on < PROPMALE > Jr. Interesting ! Lol 
Footloose ! 
So I've been awake for almost 2 hours and I haven't got out of bed yet . It's one of those days . I wish I could stay in bed all day . 
About to go take the nclb test . Hope I pass ! 
You got owned ! Lol 
Hopefully tomorrow goes really good and I get that phone call saying I passed my test and I get an interview ! (: 
I passed my test !! Now I just gotta wait for a phone call . ( : 
I want it to be Tuesday already . And then the weekend . This break went by really , really slow ! 
Wow the Craigslist killer was an idiot . The movie just proves it . He was a < PROPFEMALE > . 
Yay ! I only have one class tomorrow , human sexuality ! 
The Sixth Sense !! 
First day of school all over again ! 
I meant to type one , and my phone corrected me and put ubersexual . Wth ! Lol 
I liked my psych class , and saw a lot of people I know . But there were too many people . 
Today was a huge FML . Looking forward to tomorrow , hopefully it'll be better .. 
School made me tired ! But I got a good nap (: and tomorrow is financial aid day . Woot ! So I get books . Lol 
This weekend is going to he fun ! I want to get my tattoo finished too :) 
I keep forgetting that the < PROPMALE > hop is this weekend !! I even scheduled my plans around it so I could go and I forget . LOL 
Poor < PROPFIRST > , he has a 5 hour class right now from 5-10 . 
Tomorrow is going to be a busy day ! 
I have an hour and thirty mins until class . Lame ! 
Woot ! I'll be done with school in an hour . 
Today was way too busy . I am exhausted , but in the mood to do something productive because that's what I've been doing ALL day , but now I'm in a place where I can do something productive at my own pace . 
I've been setting my alarm every morning , and it is on loud not vibrate , and it hasn't been going off . WTH ! It's a good thing I have been waking up without my alarm . 
Does anyone have the book A Sentimental Journey ?! I need to borrow it for class for a couple of weeks for class . No where has it ! Fml 
Yay I got the book I need , an it was the last one ! (: 
< PROPFIRST > is getting a hair cut :o 
\Someday you will die somehow and somethings gonna steal your carbon ! \"" 
Bout to get my tattoo ! (: 
I feel productive , I just did my homework in like 20 minutes and I did my math at school while I was waiting for < PROPFIRST > to get out ! (: 
So how do I fix my < PROPMALE > at the college ? 
I got an interview !! 
Sitting in with < PROPFIRST > in his night class ... longest class ever ! We aren't even done , 2 more hours to go ! :o 
Ah just got out of my interview . Idk how I did . 
Three hours of school today . It seems like I'm the only one I know who has classes on Friday ! I don't want to go because I'm sick , but it would be easier if I went . 
< PROPFIRST > just got his first car . :o 
I don't feel good . :/ Stupid cold ! I have to do my homework though . Laaaame ! And after my homework , I'm going to drink some tea and sleeeeep . 
I officially have a fever of 101.3 . My nose is plugged , and I have stomach pains . / : < PROPFIRST > has been making me feel better all day . I love him !! 
Green tea with < PROPFEMALE > , make my flu go away ! :o 
I think I will actually be able to go to school tomorrow . ( : 
Wow my human sexuality text book is really interesting . Me and < PROPFIRST > have been reading it for like an hour now ! Lol 
I back my car into a cop car the other day , well he just drove off sometimes lifes okay . 
Ah so much time until 9:30 ! 
\I'm convinced that if I hop the fence I can climb on in and get my fingerprints on your booty . \"" 
Me and < PROPFIRST > are on a date lol (: 
Really want to hit who ever is blasting their music and making the whole parking lot vibrate !!! I'm trying to do my homework . ) : 
Yay my English class got canceled ! I only have 2 classes now ! 
It's too hot outside today . :/ 
We're celebrating < PROPFIRST>'s birthday today . (: 
< PROPFIRST > got me a bag of chocolate today . Lol I've been craving chocolate ! <3 
I had a good day today with < PROPFIRST > (: we made everyone dinner and < PROPFIRST > got his cinnamon rolls ! 
I feel like playing pool ! But I'm broke lol . 
I'm on payroll now ! Lol 
\I hardly have people that I needed to know cause you're the people that I wanted to know ! \"" 
So I am officially done with all my training . My real first day of work is on Thursday , if I don't get called tomorrow ! :o 
So I'm supposed to be doing my econ homework that's due on Friday , but facebook has me distracted ! Lol 
First day of work today ! Kinda nervous lol . 
\The bible is a basic instruction < PROPMALE > to follow before leaving the earth . \ " That's deep . " 
It's finally Friday ! (: 
It's such a nice day outside ! But it is going to start getting hot really soon . :/ 
Today was a good day . Especially because it is Friday ! This week was so slow . Cause it was busier than my regular school weeks . Work ! Haha 
My psych class is always fun (: 
Back from Palo Alto . I had fun hanging out with my dad and everything . Even though it was for a doctor visit , it was still fun . ( : 
Headache . ) : 
I'm done . 
I had a good day today , even if I still have a headache . But it is always fun having some quality sister time with Pammie ! Lol 
I worked all week at Rivera ! It wasn't so bad . I'm still alive lol . 
April is Autism awareness month and Its Special Education week , and this is in HONOR of all the children who need a little extra help , < PROPFEMALE > & understanding . Please copy and paste in support . 
