pandas are great animals and so are lays 

Miss camp very much and all of those that were there . 
Sooo Much Hw , soooo little time 
i have a final in two hours , awwwwwwwwh lol 
when the leash went on , I remebered ' I am a Dog ' 
when the leash went on , I remembered ' I am a Dog ' 
Im a puddle in pitbull clothen 
< embed src = \ http://media.mtvnservices.com/mgid:cms:item:southparkstudios.com:254168\ " width =\ " 480\ " height =\ " 400\ " type =\ " application/x-shockwave-flash\ " wmode =\ " window\ " flashVars =\ " autoPlay = false&dist = www.southparkstudios.com&orig=\ " allowFullScreen =\ " true\ " allowScriptAccess =\ " always\ " allownetworking =\ " all\ " bgcolor =\ " #000000 \"></ embed > " 
sorry tring to post video 
I am ready or am I for classes ? Maybe I should have more of a brake to think about it ! 
lmao to everyone and the grammies 
Helping your logic math skills ... If : 2 + 3 = 10 7 + 2 = 63 6 + 5 = 66 8 + 4 = 96 Then : 9 + 7 = ???? ( Post your answers on here , it took me about 20 minutes to do but its do-able ) 
I would like to make a very big ' Thank You ' to all that send me gifts and other facebook stuff . Thank you 
how come it cant snow when there are finals ? 
\No woman will ever be truly satisfied on < PROPFIRST>'s day cause no man has a chocolate penis wrapped in money that ejaculates diamonds\ " -- From Coworker " 
Happy VDay to everyone that has someone and to those who are still waiting , don't worry cuz your day will come soon . In the meanwhile just relax and improve yourself and don't be a depression case . 
Some people don't deserve my loyalty and attention . 
So far I am have Aced my quizes in lit and history so now I have a law midterm tomorrow . Here goes another sleepless night and 5 hr energy drink . 
I hate racist < PROPFEMALE > ns because they voted for a pretty white boi that couldn't sing over a very good mexican singer on < PROPFEMALE > n Idol . I am really upset . So much that I am on FB flaming . < PROPFEMALE > needs to vote with their ears and not their eyes . Such a pity !!! 
off to study my life away , maybe one day I'll find the reason behind it all or Ill just might be too busy and instead plan my investments and enough my loved ones --- my doggs when I get them ... 
off to study my life away , maybe one day I'll find the reason behind it all or Ill just might be too busy and instead plan my investments and enjoy my loved ones --- my dogs ; when I get them ... 
At the library now , anyone wanna study with me , hit me up on my cellie . laterz 
No one , called or msged so I guess the library isnt that fun when its about 70 degrees outside . lol Aw well , I still have study law , do questions , then review my literture paper and finally , breath ... ( P.S. thats only part I of everything that I have to do ! ) 
So I stayed up all night and got some work done . Mostly . review the details of my past and hoping to see what the future has for me ... ( P.S. I also watch the latest episode of FMA(Full Metal Alchemist )) Get at me ... 
Three days till spring breakk ... Two midterms to go ... one < PROPMALE > to get it right ... zero time to look back for any regrets 
It's Sunday ... wat should I do ? 
i think i might build a city with simcity for a hour or so 
bored , wat should I do ? 
i am mad , I have been buildign a great city on Simcity and then the program shuts down and I lost everything >>> All my sims are dead in a virtual grave , lol aww well , guess I figure out something else to do 
Gonna take care of some errands at school then I might wanna < PROPFEMALE > ... who wants to drink 
Shout-out to everyone doing their thing during spring break ... Later 
Got stopped by a cop yesterday because my friends and I was passing chocolate milk around after eating cookies . What has the world gone to ? The funnier joke is that he really didn't believe it was milk , he only sniffed it five times to make sure . I told him that he could take it for testing but then we need a refund for our milk ... 
bored on wednesday , what should I do fb ? 
Laterz fb 
Watching Imaginationland - The Movie ( South Park Movie ) ... One day left until school tomorrow 
\Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals\ " --- < PROPFIRST > Ford " 
Words can't explain how I feel , the depths of my heart are an endless canyon . The beats are the iambic pentameter of Shakespeare's poems . When night falls and the shadows awake , I feel my solitude and peace . Because the only thing that I can see is nothing , the only thing I smell is nothing , the only thing I can know of is nothing ; 
however the only thing that I hear is the rhythms of my heart as they play the songs and beauties of my life . I wonder how to express my emotion , I fathom how to know ... but at least I am certain -- that at the least I can begin love's song and life's rhyme with --- H.E.L.L.E.O By J.P ( Inspired by life and today's premier of GLEE ) 
Words can't explain how I feel , the depths of my heart are an endless canyon . The beats are the iambic pentameter of Shakespeare's poems . When night falls and the shadows awake , I feel my solitude and peace . Because the only thing that I can see is nothing , the only thing I smell is nothing , the only thing I can know of is nothing ; < Find Part II on my wall , I marked it > 
I am going through it right now with these dam papers , I hate papers smh fml 
Its a quarter to 12:00 , Im a little lonely and I need you now . My heart is yearning , oh babe and I need you now . I don't know how but I need you now 
So hold me when I'm here Right me when I'm wrong Hold me when I'm scared And love me when I'm gone Everything I am And everything in me Wants to be the one You wanted me to be I'll never let you down Even if I could I'd give up everything If only for your good So hold me when I'm here Right me when I'm wrong You can hold me when I'm scared You won't always be there So love me when I'm gone 
If you like me , Tell Me , if you miss me , Show it , if you love me , Prove it 
If you like me , Tell Me , if you miss me , Show it , if you love me , Prove it Dont make someone a priority if they only make you an option 
\At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet . \ " -- Plato " 
Do you ever get that feeling that you are putting your heart out on the line and starting to get that feeling that things might not look right on your side because the other person seems not to care about you or what you try to do for them ? What should I do and how do you know to give in the towel ? 
Hit me up with your plans for today 
because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have . 
Life doesn't give you the people you want . Instead it gives you the ones you need , to teach you , to hurt you , to love you & to make you exactly the way you should be 
We were given : Two hands to hold . To legs to \ 
walk . Two eyes to see . Two ears to listen . But why only one heart ? \ 
Because the other was given to someone else . For us to find . 
I dont get it ... why do people add me and then dont talk or chat . I hope facebook doesnt turn into the new myspace 
Guys play their games of ' hide and seek ' and ' Guess if Im really into to you or not ' and all I wanna play is my PS3 
My birthday is on Wednesday , what should I do ? 
10\ 
ways to tell if your relationship’s gonna work ? \ 
\ 
6 . They can drive you crazy and yet you \ 
still wanna always be around them . \ 
7 . You don’t have to worry about losing \ 
them to anybody . \ 
8 . Religious matters don’t get in the \ 
way . \ 
9 . They understand your schedule can’t \ 
always fit them in . \ 
10 . They will give you your space and \ 
respect you . 
10 ways to tell if your relationship’s \ 
gonna work\ 
1 . Whenever you are with them , nothing \ 
else in the world matters . \ 
2 . He calls you beautiful or gorgeous \ 
instead of hot or sexy . \ 
3 . You think about them all day long , and\ 
dream about them every night . \ 
4 . They are the first and last voice you \ 
hear . \ 
5 . Even if your parents don’t want you \ 
being together you stay together . 
\I hate when a boi says he is straight but the friend we have in common is Tygre Tyson \"" 
Had a great time with my law 1101 buddies and now its back to the library to study some more . 
Have Two Finals Left ... However one of them is at 8:00 am so here is the plan . ---> Study all night and sleep in the library and then take the law test . Then , take my government final and relaz and enjoy my birthday . It is a lot but I do whatever it takes to succeed . 
I have officaially finished my first semester at Baruch on my Bday . I just wanna thank everyone for all the wishes and great friendship . I know im not always availble to chill or < PROPFEMALE > but do know that u guys are in my heart and thats what gives me the strengh to live everyday . Thanks again and I hope to see everyone soon . Enjoy the day and the weather . Peace 
“A boy is a magical creature , you can lock him out of your workshop , but you can’t lock him out of your heart . You can get him out of your study , but you can’t get him out of your mind . ” 
GoodAfter Noon Book of Faces ... Just woke up and all I wanna do is thank my boys Laython E . Wilkerson , < PROPFIRST > Munzo , and DJ < PROPFIRST > De < PROPFIRST > for making my bday a great night and morning . We even did it up when the cops came and tried to shut down the afterparty but all we did then was to move it else where . Good looks and see you all soon . <3 
Just came from class and now will study for awhile till I head back home ... pero wats sup with everyone and their sexual status messages ... I cant be reading these things while at school , lol 
Finished classes for the day , who is down for a drink 
It's funny how people tell you one thing in front of you and then a completely different thing behind you . I say stick to what Aristotle's says and be who you are going to be and have no regets ... 
It's funny where life takes us . The moments that we share , the pain that we suffer and the people that we meet . Too bad at times it happens all at once . 
Life is funny , when you are looking for something , you can't find it but when you aren't looking for anything then everything is available ... I guess that is just how life goes 
Right now I dont know how to feel ... friend is foe and foe is friend . I thought things were well but I thought wrong . I don't know who is my friend and who isn't . But all I do know is that I sure need at least one friend right now 
Why is the fire alarm going off at school in hte library . This isn't producing a conducive learning envirnoment 
Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood was the best , great ending and great anime . 
Gottta give it up to my CCNY people , a student got mugged for his stuff and the student then chased the guy down to get it back , gotta love nyc 
I love my new internship at Metlife , its becoming a great experience working with M&A's 
A lesson without pain is meaningless . That's because you cannot cannot gain something without sacrificing something else in return . But , once you've withstood the pain and overcome it ; you will gain a heart that is stronger than anything else . 
Aced my statistics final and now all I have to do is do the same for my finacial accounting midterm ... 
So my weekend was the best in terms of awesomeness . First , I attended a national leadership conference for select guest ( only 10 people in the nation ) all weekend . I prepared a case study and presentation on for profit schools and presented it today at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York . 
Hang/Gameing ... text me for info 
The following grades were submitted to the Registrar's Office Bussiness Statisic 2000 S1B3A --- ? A . If you have questions about the grade(s ) you have received , contact your instructor . 
To all my friends , new and old alike ... due to my busy schedule I haven't been on fb . So if I dont reply for awhile , dont take it to heart but know that when I do log on that I'll try and check my mail 
Im getting my Droid X in a few days and cant wait 
When Life Gives You a Bad Romance , show everyone your Poker Face , buy a \ 
new Telephone , call < PROPMALE > , and you guys Just Dance ! 
Cant believe I stayed up but it was good catching up with old friends but now i have work in a couple of hours ... this six hour energy drink better work or ... 
Just got my droid yay 
Im thinking about deleting a whole bunch of ppl from friend's list cuz its mostly ppl that just want the counter upgrade ... thoughts ? 
At work hit me up 
Should I put better pics of myself up on fb or take off pics from my album ... thoughts ? 
Hott days ... leads into hott nights , lol 
Word ... if you spam me with fake free ANYTHINGS then you are getting DELEATED ... Am so tired of the spam , 30 event request for free ipads , sickining ! 
I think I'm gonna have to take some new pics of myself and post them because all my friends keep on saying that I look better in person than my pics on fb 
Just got back into NY from summer camp , the air was fresh , the friends were great and the memories forever ... now back to the grind and drudge 
OMG , so much friend adding and message responding from only being awol for a week , I should get paid for this , lmao . 
Im hungy , have class till ten and missing someone so ... idk what to do with my life . P.S. My textbooks dropped a little cuz of the gov't tax rebate but it still was around $800 
Just came out of Intro to Finance and the class was fast pace and it brought topics from six other classes and everyone seemed lost , Im gonna love this class ! 
So I just came out of finance and everyone is still in awe but the class is getting so much better , heading downtown , who's coming ? 
Trying to go through the messages , finish class at 9 pm and then time to chill with ppl , screw the rain Im still gonna have fun . It's life and you only get one shot . 
Finished the week of quizes and exams ... Everyone now you can contact me again , sorry for being in my cave 
You\ 
know how much I love you I didn't want to leave like that I'm really \ 
sorry !!!! Bed forgive me !!!!! I want to be with you all day but I have \ 
to work :-( I'll see you tonight though :-) 
Bubble Tea today , can the guys ( you know who you are ) send me a text so we can meet up 
I was just giving the opportunity to intern for one day at the Federal Reserve . Im so excited . 
I don't understand why people have to sing in the library ... Im going to class now 
So dont call me cuz my phone is broken , my coworker spilled coffee on my droid x and now its gonna take 24 - 72 hrs 
I think once exams and papers are over that I will clean up my friend list . I believe I devalue my friends when I add ppl that dont care what I do and still call them a friend along the rest of ppl that do care . ( Plus , I dont care about most other people's business anyway ) 
Phone is back on so get at me 
Wassup ppl , wats on the agenda today ? 
Bubble Tea ??? 
Another day of class and work 
True story 
Just finished soul eater and it was great , the ending was a little corny , but great none the less 
Work work work 
Im hungry , feed me ! 
going home finally 
Last class of the day then off to go see wicked on broadway 
Just saw wicked with < PROPMALE > on broadway and it was absolutly awesome and recommend everyone to see it 
Gmorning 
At work , have a great Friday everyone ! 
I want some bubble tea and sweet buns ... whos going with me ? 
managerial accounting till 9:00 pm , wish me luck and sanity 
Just attended a great luncheon with veterens ' affair at baruch college 
Heading home 
At work , shadowing executives 
Going home and oh so tired , who wants to give me a massage 
Class all day 
So I saw the glee version of ' teenage dream ' like 20 times on my dvr 
Just saw < PROPMALE > potter and it was great , ppl die and come back , lmao 
So I finally caught up on my fb duties , now off to doing work , laterz 
\The couple that fights the most is \ 
So I am slowly deleting people that I dont talk to or at least dont make an effort ... 
I am so vexed in spirted because of my theater class's reherrsal . 
So I figured there are way too many people to go through and delete so the process will be a gradual one 
Bored Before Class , the new BBC 
wishing everyone good luck on the show tonight 
Omg ... snow in nyc 
Sorry my friends on fb but I have been awol but I will try and come soon . Happy new year and much love . 
At work , making money 
Its snowing , so does this means .... 
