My Great Nephew , Peyton < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > arrived at 4:49 a.m. 12/31/09 5 lbs . 15 ozs . and 20 inches long . However , God needed an Angel and called him home . He was such a beautiful baby . Please keep my Niece < PROPFEMALE > and her husband < PROPFIRST > in your prayers as well as both sides of the family . Peyton was thier first baby and my first great nephew . 

Happy New Year ! God bless all my family and friends in the upcoming new year and keep them all safe and healthy ! 
Please keep < PROPFEMALE > & her husband and the families in your prayers on the loss of their baby Peytonon 12/31/09 . He was their 1st child and such a beautiful healthy Angel . Happy New Year ! God bless all my family and friends in the upcoming new year and keep them all safe and healthy ! 
My baby will be home today ... yepee . Then leaving for vacation Saturday . And today is my last day of work for 4 weeks . I am excited . 
My man made it home . Happy 17th anniversay baby . I love you . We are about to bust out to Tennessee for a week ... yepee . 
Dollywood and Splashworld is awesome . :-) Geesh , don't wanna leave . 
Enjoyed our vacation , but am glad to be home . 
Enjoying my vacation for the next 3 weeks ... loving life . 
Let Freedom Ring ... hope everyone has a fun and safe July 4th weekend . 
Taking my grandbabies back to Cairo and then headed to FL . 
Back home and need some serious rest ... very tired . 
Home Sweet Home ... 
Got so much to do ... think I am gonna start with tearing my house apart for cleaning and putting it back together . 
My last week of vacation . 
About to get a storm . It is really dark and lightening really bad . 
cleaned carpets , washed walls , washed all furniture covers , throw pillows , swept ceiling , dusted , washed lamps and shades , washed blinds , and windows . Not finished yet ... never ending job . 
Loving life .. still cleaning . I am going to enjoy driving my < PROPFEMALE > insane . He took the day off to be with me ... he's so sweet and an awesome man in deed . I am blessed and thankful . :-) 
What a day ... 
I've enjoyed my 4 week vacation . Back to work on Monday . 
Enjoying pre-service at Albany State University . 
Friday .... yepee 
Relaxing after a week of training . 
Gearing up for a great week . :-) 
Will be on the road at 5:30 in the morning traveling to Moultrie for more training . 
My final grade is an \A\ " in Philosophy ... yepee . Only 4 more weeks and I will have that degree . " 
Looking forward to my son and his family coming up for the weekend . Will is having his 4th b-day party at our house . All my kids will be with us this weekend . I have been truly blessed with a great husband and wonderful children and grandbabies . 
Had a great first day at school with all 124 of my babies . Looking forward to a great school year . 
Happy birthday < PROPFIRST > Harry ... luv you cuz . 
More training on Thursday in Albany at Darton College . 
< PROPMALE > is having a procedure on his back with 4 hours in recovery . Then after recovery he goes to the doc to schedule back surgery . Keep him in your prayers . 
Wishing everyone a great weekend :-) 
Just sing , dance , make a little romance ... hope everyone has \Super Fantastic\ " week . :-) " 
Corporate and Social Responsibilty ? Last week of the blackboard and last week of class . What a relief . The last 2 year's of my life has been consumed with studies . Finished with one degree , taking a short break , and back at it for another 2 working toward that B.A. Not sure if I want my B.A. in Organizational Management w/ a concentration in Early Childhood Education or my degree in ECE Admin . Any advice ? 
Going 4 the hair trim and cutting grass today if it don't rain . My yard is beginning to look like a jungle . 
I got my first speeding ticket . I feel like such a criminal ... 
Celebration time 4 me ... hope everyone has a great weekend . Happy 24th birthday < PROPFIRST > K . 
Had a wonderful weekend and looking forward to a great week . Keep my husband in your prayers . He is scheduled for surgery on September 9th . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised at what people remember about you ! ............... ( If the memory is too scandalous for public viewing , you know what to do ! ) :-) Read More 
Keep < PROPMALE > in your prayers as he is having surgery Wednesday . I will be so glad when all his pain is gone away . We are both a bag of nerves , especially him . 
Thank you all for the prayers . < PROPMALE > is home and the surgery was a success . He is extremely sore in his neck and his right arm as well as where the doc took out some bone marrow , but he sent him home with some good meds . Now just waiting on the healing . 
Hope all my friends and family has a great week . 
Decided to start back to school . Getting that A.A. has encouraged me to go back for the B.A. in Organizational Mgmt . with a minor in Child Study . Hopefully it will not take a complete 2 years . 
Everyday is a new beginning . 
We must live with the choices we make in life . For the choices we make was not a regret at that moment . So why live with regrets when they are so easily avoided . Choose your choices wisely so there will not be any regrets later . After all , the regrets was a choice you choose . Nothing happens by < PROPMALE > , it's a choice . 
To put the world right in order , we must first put the nation in order ; to put the nation in order , we must first put the family in order ; to put the family in order , we must first cultivate our personal life ; we must first set our hearts right . 
Jealousy is no more than feeling alone against smiling enemies . 
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable , but more useful than a life spent doing nothing . 
< PROPFEMALE > Miller will be deeply missed . She was such a great person , great teacher , great employee and most of all , a great friend . She was one in a million . God bless and be with her family . 
When one door of happiness closes , another opens ; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us . 
Don't walk in front of me , I may not follow ~ Don't walk behind me , I may not lead ~ Just walk beside me and be my friend . 
Finally got my degree ... it is so exciting to actually see it and hold it . What an accomplishment . 
Waiting on the Federal Review Team to visit and monitor my center and check files one day this week . It is our monitoring year . It happens every three years . Anxious and ready ! 
We made it through the review . Now time for much needed rest !! zzzzz 
The thing always happens that you really believe in ; and the belief in a thing makes it happen . Hope everyone has a great weekend ! 
Happy Thanksgiving to all . Be safe in your travels . And lastly , take time to reflect on all the things you are \thankful\ " for and count your many blessings which have been granted to you . God bless my family and friends . I love ya'll . :-) " 
Being LAZY ! 
Hope everyone has a great day :-) 
If you don't have anything good to say , don't say anything at all ! So I'll just be quiet , sit back , and go about my own way . Hope everyone else has a great week ! 
Rain , Rain , Rain , and more Rain . 
Almost done with Christmas shopping , I think . Wait , no I'm not , or am I ? Oh well , it's still fun . 
Remember the Reason for the Season !! Be safe and happy shopping and good luck hunting those perfect presents for those perfect people . 
Happy Holidays to all my Facebook Family and Friends . Be safe and careful in your travels and daily activities . And remember , \Jesus is the reason for the season \"." 
Prayers needed for our family . Will is in the hospital now . Waiting on blood tests to see what's going on with his stomach . ay be his appendix , just not sure what it is . He was in so much pain . How much more , what is God trying to tell us or show us ? Buried my Great nephew , now my grandson is sick . But , I have Faith and God is gonna see us through . 
Will is still in the hospital . A CT scan was done late last night and hopefully we get good news today and he can come home . Thanks for the prayers . He is feeling better , that's for sure . 
Wondering if we are going to get a few snowflakes ? Hope everyone has a super fantastic Friday ! Smile , it makes people wonder what you're up 2 ... 
Well , Well , what the hell ... not sure of anything or anybody anymore . So many questions with so little answers . 
Hope everyone has a blessed week . Of all the things I miss the most is seeing and being with my folks . I love my facebook family and friends ... MWAH to yaw ! 
Growing older is like wine , just gets better with time ! Saturday is my day and I got a long weekend too ... wonder what I'm gonna do ? 
Growing older is like wine , just gets better with time ! Saturday is my day and I got a long weekend too ... wonder if he has a clue what we're gonna do ? Happy weekend to all my Facebook folks ... love ya'll! 
Wow .. what a great birthday weekend ! Thanks 2 each of my family and friends for all the birthday wishes and comments . Hope you all have a wonderful week . 
< PROPMALE > has pneumonia . Got to get him well soon with meds . If not , he'll be hospitalized ! Keep us in your prayers . 
Describe me in ONE word , using the FIRST letter of your name . This is fun , answer me and then copy it as your status and see what people say about you ... 
Happy weekend to all my family and friends ! 
Wow it's February already , Sweetheart month . I sure got a sweetie , what about you ? My sweetie is sweet cause he loves me unconditionally . He is my HEART ! 
For my Friend , Jesus , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of YOU and ME . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , repost this !!??? 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
Loving Life ... got a good man to keep me warm , stomach is full , and no work for the weekend other than a final paper . 
Be more concerned with your character than your reputation . Your character is what you really are while your reputation is merely what others think you are . Hope everyone has a blessed week ! 
Roses r red , Violets r blue , sugar is sweet and so r u ! Wishing all my family & friends a lovely week leading up to \V\ " day ! " 
The snow is BEAUTIFUL ... so pure and innocent . On the Wing's of a Snow White Dove , God Sends His Pure Sweet Love ... 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to all my facebook friends and family . Hope you have a fun filled loving day . Hugs and love to you all ! 
Wishing everyone a blessed week . I will be leaving for Atlanta on Tuesday to attend a work related seminar and returning home on Friday . 
Wow , it is EXTREMELY cold in Atlanta . BRRRRRRR ..... I will keep my happy self in my hotel room where it is nice and warm . Thank goodness the GCAA Southeastern Colloquium is being held in the same building . 
Still in the big Atlanta . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > are expecting #2 . Jaelah will have a playmate . 
Hope everyone has a great weekend . Glad to be home ! 
Loving the weekend ... my son and his family are visiting . 
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do ... Sail away from the safe harbor . Catch the trade winds in your sails . Explore . Dream . Discover . < PROPFIRST > Twain 
People may forget what you said and they may forget what you did , but people will NEVER forget how you made them feel . 
In for a great weekend ... hope everyone else is too !! 
Butterflies are God's manifestation of Beuty and Happiness and Friendliness 
What we are is God's gift to us ... What we become is our gift to God . 
Please say a prayer for my Mama that all goes well as she goes for a lung biopsy today at 11:30 a.m. 
Mama's lung biopsy is scheduled for Thursday at 8:00 a.m. at East < PROPMALE > hospital . Thanks for the prayers . 
Life is really short so show much love for those you care about . My Mama thought she had a pulled muscle only to be diagnosed with lung cancer . Please keep her in your prayers . 
Don't know what to say and don't know what to do . Lord , I pray that you keep us and guide us as we look to you for healing , comfort , and direction in the days and months ahead as we care for my Mama . I ask for strength to accept Your will . I ask these things in the name of Jesus , Amen . 
My mom went to be with the Lord on Easter Sunday . Thank you all for the prayers , phone calls , support , flowers , food , messages , and thoughts during her going home celebration . I miss her presence very much , but am so glad she is in no more pain . I have many wonderful memories with and of my mom and she will always be in my heart and on my mind . 
Looking forward to Spring Break ... gonna hit the beach and catch some rays ! 
I am in Lagrange for training on tomorrow at DFACS . It is Spring Break week and headed for the ocean on Thursday morning ... Hope everyone has a blessed week . 
Almost time .... 
Going 2 the ocean with the love of my life ! 
Relaxing soaking up the sun @ mexico beach w/ < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > & will . Leroy`s family will be here friday . 
Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend . I am going to relax since this is my last weekend away from the books . Will be busy once again with my studies beginning Tuesday . Work , college , and homelife ... a never ending story . 
I love my family & friends 
It's not what you leave to your children , it's what you leave in your children . 
Blessed r those of us with a LONG weekend ... yepeee . 
I am blessed in so many wonderful ways !!! Not enough space to put them all on here . But one very important blessing to me is having people like you reading this message . You just know in your heart you are truly a blessing in my heart !!! 
Today would have been my mom's 65th birthday . She is gone physically , but in my heart she will always remain . I love you Mama and I sure miss seeing you and hearing your voice . But , one day we will be together again . < PROPMALE > Blackburn summed Mama up 2 a tee - when everyone else stepped back-she always stepped forward 2 give that helping hand . My mama loved 2 feel needed . And when she knew she was needed , she was there . 
It's a great day to be alive ... hope everyone has a great weekend . Happy 18th anniversary ( Sunday ) to my soulmate & best friend ! :-) And lastly , Happy Father's Day to all you wonderful dads . 
Oh Happy Day ... Wishing all a Super Fantastic Week ! :-) 
Will I live to be 80 ?... serious stuff -Will I Live to see 80 ? \ 
\ 
Here's something to think about . \ 
I recently picked a new primary care doctor . After two visits and exhaustive Lab tests , he said I was doing ' fairly well ' for my age . ( I just turned 68 . )\ 
A little concerned about that comment , I couldn't resist asking him , ' Do you think I'll live to be 80 ? ' He asked , ' Do you smoke tobacco , or drink beer or wine ? ' 
Out for summer break . But , July 19th and back to work will be here quick ! 
Congrats to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on the birth of their beautiful baby girl . 
Just finished homework . Ready to go to Cairo and get my other three grands and then I will have all five staying with me for a while . Got alot planned to do with them . Just me and my babies !! 
Me & all 5 of my babies have been busy ... having a blast though . Got a nephew due in Sept ., another g-son due in Oct ., & another g-daughter due in Dec . God's little people are such great blessings :-) 
H :) ppy 4th of July everyone & please be safe ! Th :) nks to :) ll our soldiers of the past & present !!!!!!! Let Freedom Ring ... 
Smile :) 
There's one sad truth in life I've found While journeying east and west -\ 
The only folks we really wound Are those we love the best . \ 
We flatter those we scarcely know , We please the fleeting guest , \ 
And deal full many a thoughtless blow To those who love us best . ~ Ella Wheeler Wilcox . 
Should you find yourself in a chronically leaking boat , energy devoted to changing vessels is likely to be more productive than energy devoted to patching leaks . \ 
< PROPMALE > Buffett 
My last week of summer break & back to work . Just blessed to have job to return too . Had GREAT weekend in Hot-Lanta ... Love u & thank you RGB - MUAH ! 
Smile :) It makes people wonder what you're up 2 ! Live , Laugh , & Love - enjoy life ! 
I am blessed & owe it all to God !!!!!!!! Thanks for all the prayers sent above for God has a plan for us all in His time . ;) 
I wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memories is a keep sake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms ; I have you in my heart ... 
You never know what you can do until you try ! 
Life is all about the choices we make ... loving my family & friends !! 
Attitude has a big impact on living well and walking a life path of meaning . Choosing to keep a positive attitude goes a long way in making the best of life . 
Smile ... ;-) ... it makes people wonder what you're up 2 !! 
Let us pause this day to remember the fallen , those innocent people taken by the extreme violence we witnessed this day in 2001 , and those who died attempting to save innocent victims . You will never be forgotten . 
Me , my girls , & my sister going shopping for the babies . It's the girls day out ... Victoria Secret here we come ... lol . 
Last week of this class . New child psy class starts next Tuesdy ... Eleven more to go ! This makes about 7 of these psy classes now ... just gr8t . 
The DEVIL is always working ... misery , gossip , money , being promiscuous , greed , adultery , double standards ... need I say more . Keep on living and keep on Praying ! God will not be outdone !! He is the < PROPFEMALE > and the < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Peace , Love , & < PROPFEMALE > to all :-) 
Please keep my daughters in your prayers for healthy babies . Jenn was admitted in the hospital again for monotoring of < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > is ready to enter the world to early . But , on a good note , my brother < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > will have my nephew no later than next Wednesday 9/22 . I am excited . Wonder what they will name him ?? 
I am who I am , no better than and surely no less than ... rather we are all equal ?.. From the wealthy to the poorest , from the dumbest to the smartest , it is God's will ... Thus , because of Him we all are breathing . Thank you Lord ! Peace , Love , & < PROPFEMALE > to all ?.. 
I'm a new Aunt as of 9/23/2010 to < PROPFIRST > Elie Atkinson 8lbs . 9oz . & 20.8 inches . 
I'm a pile of nerves ... surgery in the morning for me . Will be glad when it is over . 
Thanks & love to all for the prayers . I am home & doing good other than being very sore & swollen . I'm looking like my girls ... we're comparing who's the biggest . Of course Boo is the winner for now . 
Heavenly Father , walk through my home & take away all the worries and any illness , watch over & heal my family . In Jesus name Amen . If God comes first in your life stop what you are doing & set this as your status . Watch what He'll do ! 
Please Keep < PROPFEMALE > Hudson-Eckerd & the family in your prayers as they mourn the loss of their son < PROPMALE > . He was in an auto accident very early this morning . 
Hope everyone has a great week . 
Man , the day has got to get better . No water at my house . The well guys will be out by lunch . You never know how much you miss something until you don't have it !!! UGH ....... aggravated !!! But glad the Lord blessed me with another day . Always something in life to be thankful for and blessed !!! 
Every day may not be good , but there's something good in every day . 
Got lots to do . Clean , get < PROPFEMALE>'s clothes washed and prepare for her arrival , write a school paper , take a test , and the list grows as I type . So I will stop thinking about what all I have ahead of me and just do it !!! Hope everyone has a great weekend :-) 
Loving this \fall back \"!" 
Hope everyone has a great week !! :-) 
Happy Veteran's Day !!! Our True American Hero's!!! 
Happy Anniversary < PROPFEMALE > and Jeremiah ... I love ya'll!!! 
Happy weekend to all !! 
We are still at Egleston in Atlanta . My grandson < PROPMALE > had surgery and is recovering well & quickly . He is holding small amounts of formula down , about to move up to 2 ounces . Thanks for all the prayers !! 
< PROPMALE > was discharged from the hospital and is doing great !! We made it home safe & sound . Again , thanks to all my FB family & friends for the prayers . Hope everyone has a blessed week ! :-) 
Life doesn’t always give you what you want – it gives what you need . 
Lift your head up and look people in the face and smile . Whatever lemon is put in our way , God is there to put some sugar on it , but we've got to let him ... It's dreary & raining outside , but inside the clouds another beautiful day is awaiting us !!! :-) 
I believe that our background & circumstances may have influenced who we are , but we are responsible for who we become !!! :-) 
Had a great time at the banquet . We did not recevie the honor of winning award , but we did receive our nomination award and that was an honor in itself . Way to go Tri-County HEad Start/Early Head Start !! 
My family & friends are my Heaven on Earth !! I am blessed to have each of you in my life !!! 
Youe sister 
It is great to give love and be loved back ! Give people their kudos/flowers/compliments , etc . while they are alive to hear it . After they are gone , what good does it do for that person ? Smile , God loves you and I do too ! :-) 
“All that we are is the result of what we have thought . ” ;-) 
I am starting my countdown ... 9 more classes ... whoohooo !!! 
If you don't like something change it ; if you can't change it , change the way you think about it . :-) 
My tree is up . Ready to get the outside now . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your stat to invite your friends to do the same . 
Popeye : \I yam what I yam\ " ... I still love watching popeye . " 
Ok , so the flintstones it is ... lol . :-) 
I don't need an angel on my Christmas tree . I already have angels in heaven looking down on me ........ put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this Christmas . 
Back with popeye . Cuz ( < PROPFIRST > ) had the stones ... Can't let my man down ; got to support him ... lol 
\There'll be two dates on your tombstone and all your friends will read ' em ;\ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fuller met the world today at 3:38 p.m. 5lbs . 13oz & 18 3/4 inches long . She is the final grandbaby for us . She was born on the 7th , she is the 7th grandchild and my oldest grandchild is 7 . We are so excited she has finally arrived and she and Mom are doing great !! Lucky 7's .... :-) 
Our most basic instinct is not for survival but for family . Most of us would give our own life for the survival of a family member , yet we lead our daily life too often as if we take our family for granted . MWAH :-) 
I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford . Then I want to move in with them . :-) 
My baby is the greatest . He has been Christmas shopping and the checkoff list is almost complete ... yepee . But , most important of all , we must remember the reason for the season and it sure isn't about the presents under the tree . Life is great !!! Thank you Jesus :-) 
Smile :-) even if you don't feel like it , smile . If you are reading this , you are truly blessed . Thank you Jesus , because of you we live . All I want for Christmas is Love , Peace , Joy , Kindness , Happiness , and for people to understand that Jesus is the reason for the season . 
Greatest man in history named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with all your heart . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas ! 
Some things you know you gotta do , but don't wanna do , and if you don't do , then you have consequences ... good grade , bad grade ... got many other things I would rather be doing than writing a paper . But , once it is wrote , I will be over this feeling ... :-) 
WooHoo ... finished the paper !!! Now back in the spirit of Christmas !!! To blessed to be stressed !!! Loving life :-) Happy week to all !!! 
Gifts of time and love are surely the basic ingredients of a truly < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
One rule to happiness is spending so much time improving yourself that you have no time left to criticize others :-) 
There is nothing better than having GREAT conversation with my 3 year old granddaughter . Nothing but good things to say . I LOVE it !!! She has advice on marriage , and you name it , she's has an answer for it :-) 
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas ... never hurts to wish ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas & Be safe for those on the road . 
Family time is always a great time :-) 
Praying we all have a great day and hear nothing but good news :-) 
Cleaned ceilings , vacuumed , cleaned my room and steam cleaned carpets , swept livingroom ceiling and cleaned ceiling fan , steam cleaned carpet , dusted EVERYTHING including lamps , shades , and what-nots ( way past due and especially after sweeping the ceilings)- Jenn , < PROPMALE > -did we forget anything other than my bathroom , the front and back porch and mopping the kitchen ? lol ... and oh yeah , the laundry room . 
Hope all my family and friends bring in an awesome year with 2011 . 2010 was quite the year for me . One that I will always love and < PROPFEMALE > . 2010 for me entailed many tears of sadness and many tears of joy . 2010 was literally an eye opener for me . Life is so very precious ; < PROPFEMALE > every moment you can with the one's you love whether it's on the phone or in person . 
The Albany Journal\ 
Monday Travel Advisory issued by the < PROPFEMALE > Department of Transportation\ 
SNOW OR ICE POSSIBLE THROUGHOUT MUCH OF STATE MONDAY ; ALL UNNECESSARY TRAVEL DISCOURAGED\ 
WHEN : Developing in the overnight hours Sunday and continuing throughout Monday . 
A SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . IT'S SON'S WEEK .... IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS . 
Icecles and snow everywhere at 6:30 this morning . Remember your ABCs - Always Be Careful :-) DO NOT BE DRIVING until this stuff melts away ! 
My SIL < PROPMALE > is making a cheese dip . Waiting on the game .... 
Say you are well , or all is well with you , And God shall hear your words and make them true :-) 
Thanks to all for your concerns , phone calls and prayers during mine and < PROPMALE>'s recovery from the wreck . We are very sore but glad to be alive . :-) 
\In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life : it goes on . \"" 
Thanks to all for the many birthday wishes . Smile .... ;-) and have a wonderful week ! 
HUSBAND & WIFE WEEK : If you have a spouse who is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married . June , 21 , 1992 - I Love You < PROPFIRST > Brickey 
How many of us really know all of the people on our FB friend's list ? Here's a task for YOU , I want all of my FB friends to comment on this status of how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your Status so I can comment on you too . You'll be amazed what people say ... 
Have a great week - Live , Laugh , and Love and surround yourself with much positive energy and happy people . As human beings we tend to take on the persona in which we surround ourselves . So let your little light shine ... :-) 
Beer ... 
It's Grandchildren Week !! If you have beautiful grand kids that you love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . Your grand kids will hold your hand only for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful GRANDCHILDREN in the world ! ? Jimbo , < PROPMALE > , Will , Jaelah , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > ? \ 
. 
Work , homework , housework ... everything seems to end in WORK ! I thank God for giving me the mind and health to keep up with the work . But , will be so glad to finish with ALL the homework which keeps me confined to home ! 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you have amazing children , put this as your status ? \ 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? 
Dear Lord , I come to you as humble as I know how . I confess my sins , those known and unknown . Lord you know I am not perfect and I fall short everyday of my life , but I want to take time out to say thank you for your mercy . Thank you for my family , my friends , a roof over my head , food on my table , and everything I have .... Re-post if GOD has blessed you in any way ! 
Oh Happy Day .... happy humpday my FB family .... ;-) 
IS EXPECTING AGAIN !! I know , I know , it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that I am expecting AGAIN !! Yup it's official .. We are expecting * rain * today and AGAIN tomorrow !! ** Re-post if you have any sense of humor !!! ** 
Wishing everyone a great \Super Bowl\ " weekend ! Steelers or Colts ??? " 
SuperBowl .... tonight .... wings & things now , later on & tonight ! 
“It is common sense to take a method and try it . If it fails , admit it frankly and try another . But above all , try something . ” \ 
< PROPMALE > D . < PROPMALE > ( 1882-1945 ); 32nd U.S. President 
