Happy New Year !!! 

Wishing that I was still home in bed sleeping . 
So glad not to be sick anymore . 
Bout to go home for lunch . Wish i didn't have to come back to work . 
ready to go home so I can enjoy the nice day outside instead of just through the windows . 
is getting off work early hopefully I'll be getting a call so I can go and pick up my new wheels :) 
just relaxing at home =) 
rain rain go away . 
TGiF !!! 
Can't wait to go home . I am soooooo bored . 
has only 1 hour to go . I am so bored I think I will read some more of my book . 
enjoyed my day off . Wish I could of go more done but there is alway tomorrow . 
rockin to some old schools jams :p 
enjoying my new book and the nice day outside . :) Wonders though how some people can be so naive and oblivious towards the intentions of others . It's sad how some people never learn . 
* say not day lol 
Finally got some new music on my ipod . now I just got to figure out what I want to hear :) 
is tired . Wish I could go home and crawl back in bed ... just another Monday * sigh * 
listening to some music and trying to think of what I can do next to pass some time . 
has a song stuck in my head and no matter how much I play it in hopes that it goes away it dosen't get any better . Tried to play a different now it's stuck in my head with the other one , just my luck lol 
wished I had some Pringles . 
is home alone and very bored . Trying to think of something to do to pass the time ... 
about to go and hunt through my kitchen for something to eat . 
playing trivia on the xbox . 
finished reading quite possibly the longest book I have ever read . On to do something else :) 
i like cheese 
thinking I should really get some new pictures up on my profile . 
Happy New Year Everyone :) * 
my car decided it wanted to lock me :( 
sooooooooooooo tired ..... 
having a terrible day can't wait until it's over . 
black 
what's something fun to do around here ?? 
want's to get a puppy . 
thought my computer was crappy but then I got on this one . 
Go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
there aren't enough hours in a day . 
Happy Valentines Day !! 
is worn out but still has things to to do . 
it's such a nice day outside . Summer can't be too far off . :) 
it's such a nice day outside :) 
today is not my day and tomorrow doesn't look good either . 
Thanks Everybody !! :) 
Wish class would hurry up and start ... don't know how much more time I can kill today . 
Whoever has my computer ... you better hope that I do not find you . 
Spent the last hour on the phone with tech support now I get to go and study politics ... YAY ! 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who suffers from stupidity . Stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . ......... 93% won't copy and paste th ... is ... because th ...... ey ... don't know how to Copy and Paste . Will you 
9 inches :( 
Just got done cleaning up some , now to try and finish my paper . This should be fun ... 
should of went with my instincts and went home , now I'm stuck in the library doing a whole of nothing on a big piece of crap the school calls a computer . 
¢Ê§ 
My phone did some crazy criss angel thing yesterday and vanished . I finally found it but now I get the message that my battery is not supported ... anyone got an idea on how to fix that ? 
I hate Mondays :( 
How do I always end up with the broken chair ? 
Why does apple have to make things so difficult ? 
has to do some stupid rewrites for school ... 
This is going to be the longest half hour EVER !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! :) * 
has a song stuck in my head and no matter how many times I listen to the song it only gets worse . 
At the beach with my mom , having a great time but missing my certain someone . 
this is going to be a very very very long long week ..... 
almost there ... can't wait 
About to do some reading for class . I don't know what good it'll do though , what little I remember I'll probably just confuse it with another class later on . lol 
sooo tired but I need to work on my paper , it's just this writers block never goes away . 
has to do probably one of the stupidest assignments ever assigned , wish me luck lol 
so much to do , and I don't want to do any of it . 
Happy Valentines Day Everyone !! Hope it's great :) 
waiting around sucks ! 
I need some new music for my playlist , any suggestions ? 
guess my lame group members don't want a good grade . 
Quiz , test , and speech down :) Only one more test and a paper , fun fun 
