Getting desperate have a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > to go to weekend after next , fancy dress thing , and I'm the only one dateless , even the ladies who's husbands can't go have dates , Arrrgggg 

Really hates our addiction to a fast computer . I cant get into any apps !!! 
Would like to send a HUGE THANK YOU to my wonderful fiends Miss < PROPFEMALE > McCall and < PROPFIRST > Ogren who came out to Prinville from Portland just to pick my hind end up because I needed help . Ya'll are fantastic wonderful people . Thank you ! 
It is a sad sad thing the only updates on my < PROPFEMALE > are about fish , turkeys , squirrels and farms . Dear Goodness I really have no life . 
Is looking to see if anyone is interested in a 17\ MacBook Pro " 
Ohh dear I really hope I don't have a zitty head when it gets shaved 
less then 20 days till I go bald ! 
As of midnight April 17 I have 15 days left till St Baldricks Day . Shaving my head 3:00 pm May 2nd at Oaks Park along with 58 others to help raise funds . WHAT HAVE I DONE ???????? I will look lovely bald , Right ? 
13 days left !!!! 13 days till all my hair is gone . After looking at it today , I'm ok with this . 
Crap Crap Crap Crap Crap . Ok now that I have that out of the way , Sunday I shave my head , yes it will be with 158 or so ther Portlanders , but really now , Ahhh . This is going to rock . . . . Right ? 
Less then 24 hours to go , till all my hair is gone . If it wasn't gone already I would say I would be loosing my sanity with it , but I'm safe there 
Dear goodness . It's been so long since i spent a day at home that I forgot how madding it is to not have any place to go or anything to do . Oh I hope I am able to go to work tomorrow . Today was just crazy boring 
And I enter the world of computers . I now know how to upload photos . Far too easy for me to figure out 
Looking for people to go out with Friday night ? 
Any one know about any place doing \movies in the parks\ " this year ? " 
Am I really as old as my new hair makes me feel like I look 
4 shot americano that's how to start the day . . Ahhhhh better now 
How to end a day : lemon hefeweizen ice cream yuummmmmmmmmm 
Has said fairwell to facebook games I no longer play . Good by I say to farmville and petville . We had fun in the begining but things have gone stale and old . So thanks for all the fish and have fun to those you still have . 
Oh dear I am having far too much fun with Craigslist !!! Some one stop me before I reply to an odd add again !!! 
SURGERY IS OVER !! Time for a frosty reward . And can anyone tell me what happened to my brain and why I can't remember ANYTHING 
Two days down , now we watch for cabin fever . I will be gettig out of this house some day 
Surgery on tuesday , How come today is the first day I get sick from it , like really sick ! 
Time to set the mouse traps again . 
On the dishwasher 
Tonight it's on the dog crate 
Tonight I got it on the washer on the front porch , almost made it all the way into the house , but things land as they will 
looking for fiends to go see the movie \Let Me In\ " after work tomorrow . Lame going to movies alone . Even if it will be the best of the year ! " 
didn't go to the movies , got a hair cut instead , feels wonderful , then I look in the mirror 
I've tossed < PROPFEMALE > many today I wonder how I still have any cookies left . At least my skull isn't going to burst anymore . 
looking for anyone up to go see RED this weekend ? 
This looks like a fun game ... \ 
\Let's see how forthcoming my Facebook friends are . Comment using 1 word which best describes me that begins with the 3rd letter of your first name . No repeats . It can only be one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . \ " Game on ! " 
HAPPY HALLOWEEN !! Better then Christmas . 
For all those who have been asking , Yes it is true I am nolonger part of the Devers Eye Clinci family . I have some very important things I must take care of that can not be put off . And yes I know I need to pick up my spider . . . . For those who don't know about that one I'm just going to let you wonder . . . . . Muhahahahaaa 
toes are cold . . . . brrrrrrrrr 
Thanks to Lori-Ann < PROPFIRST > for sending me Teardrop . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/9gOsvt 
just a few of the ways < PROPFIRST > Nielsen has warped my brain , and I will thank the heavens every day for every moment . . . . Forbidden Planet , Airplain !, Repossessed . . . We will all remember you , Thank you . 
Thanks to Lori-Ann < PROPFIRST > for sending me Owl . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/eHM7ew 
has a secret , Shhhhhhhhhh . . . . . I'm going crazy . . . . . 
peanut butter on a cakey brownie makes a healthy breakfast right ? . . . yummmmmm 
support random frivolity for all !! 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ) hehehehe 
Why must the dog eat from of the cat box , why , why , why . . . 
AHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!! Run !!! The cat is in heat and if I don't get away very VERY soon I may not have a cat anymore !! Reminder to self ; Vet appt . tomorrow ! 
plentyoffish.com hehehehehehehehe 
Spread the word , Making March 3 Official Annoy Your Friends Day . Not that march 3 has anything important about it , I just found that there is no day set aside to lovingly annoy those you care about and think it's about time ! Who's with me ?! 
Which Evil , Evil Person in History Are You ? -- My Result : Vlad the Impaler . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/53195/referrals/status?aid=100000162403598 
has another FAFSA done , this time for the right year ! 
Rhode Island is neither a road nor an island . Discuss . 
Sibling war !! Copy and paste this if you are the smartest of your siblings !! If this stands for one hour without your brothers and sisters protesting , it is completely true !! :) 
I think I've gone a bit nutty . . . 
First day of school down now just 2 more years to go . . . @ PCC anyways 
5 HOURS of math homework ! . . . . And I liked it . . . . 
I DON'T WANT TO DO HOMEWORK !!! But I'm paying too much not to ! DANG IT !!! 
Does anyone know why my tarantula doesn't eat up her yummy yummy , freaky , crickets ? 
If only all my classes could be math I would be so much happier ! Stupid stupid English class ! 
Do to our cat's need to drink out of the toilet , please , should anyone need to use the bathroom while at my house please make sure the toilet seat lid is down , and or the bathroom door has been shut . 
Pure comedy of errors is how I would describe my morning ! forgot < PROPMALE > supplies ; now need to buy more AGAIN , locked myself out of car with all my homework and calculator on test day , the only day homework is due , had to by calculator for test , Dear goodness !! Well it's < PROPFEMALE > and beautiful , so can't do anything but smile and drink in as much Vitamin D as I can . Have a fabulous day , could always be hailing . 
Ok , I need three volunteers for life drawing homework from < PROPMALE > class , and unlike today in class ya'll can ( unless you REALLY feel the need ) keep you clothes on . 
Does anyone know how I can get full episodes of Himitsu Sentai Goranger , especially interested in the late 70s and early 80s ? 
I hate hair , I think I will shave me head again this weekend , it's so much easier . 
Happy End of the World Day ! I stayed up all night and no earquakes ! I am very upset ! Ya wana know what I think ? I think that televangelist was LIEING !!! 
Will someone please tell my why I am still awake ?!?! 
Bald Bald Bald Bald Bald Bald Bald Bald Bald . . . . . Bald . . . . my head is very cold !! 
I really missed being bald , now I'm happy 
So my Crazy Dr. thinks I shaved my head out of anxiety , my PCP thinks I'm spirally into manic mode , classmates think I've gone crazy . While these things may be true they have nothing to do with my head , It's the only thing I've done that I have done with complete confindence . Trust me , that really doesn't say much , 
drunk , beware teh drunk phone call , this can range on many subjects , BTW , don't cook when drunk , cookies burn everytime . . . MOVIE TIME , I like ice cubes , 
One week left , one week left , finals , finals , finals , no sanity left . . . I guess that's ok since my < PROPMALE > projects are about the lack of sanity . . . so it's all good 
Finals tomorrow !!!!!!!!! CCCCCCRRRRRAAAAAAPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
Ahh , yes now I remember why I hadn't gone back to school , NERVES !! 
So does rolling up in a ball , screaming as loud as you can and not being able to get out of bed qualify as a mental callapse ? 
Two quotes proving why < PROPFIRST > Rollins is The Awsome : “Loneliness adds beauty to life . It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better . ” “Half of life is fucking up the other half is dealing with it . ” 
Today I feel like I can take on the world . . . just don't ask me the same question tomorrow . . . 
BREAKING NEWS ! The Pity Train has just derailed at the intersection of Suck It Up & Move On , and crashed into We All Have Problems , before coming to a complete stop at Get Over It . Any complaints about how we operate , can be forwarded to\ 
1-800-waa-waah with Dr. Sniffle reporting LIVE from Quitchur Bitchin . If you like this , re-post it . If you don't , suck it up Buttercup , life doesn't revolve around you !! 
Spleeeeee . . . My creative writing teacher said my descriptions in my stories are poetic . I like . 
NEED motivation !!!! 
I don't want to do my homework . I don't want to do my homework . I don't want to do my homework . I don't want to do my homework . . . . and so one 
Please , does anyone have a 1980s montage clip I can use to get through math ? 
THis may sound silly , but I have to ask . . . What is my profile photo ? Everytime I log on it's somethign new 
For even one who is worried about my sanity I would just like to assure everyone I am still not as crazy as I would like to be . . . I am doing my best to get there though . 
If ur gay , it's a sin . If ur bisexual , ur confused . If ur skinny , ur on drugs . If ur fat , ur a slob . If ur dressed up , ur conceited . If u speak ur mind , ur a bitch . If u don't say anything , u must be miserable . If u cry , ur a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If u have male friends , ur a whore . If u defend urself , ur a troublemaker . \ 
U can't do anything without being critized . If ur proud of who u are copy and paste this . Love me or hate me , but u will never change me !!! 
Stupid cancer ... We all wish to have a new car ... New phone ... to lose weight ... A person who has cancer only wants one thing ... To beat it ... \ I know 97% of you guys won't put this on your wall ... But 3% of my friends will ... put this on your wall in honor of someone who died of cancer or is living with it and fighting for life . " 
Nothing like a night alone and a bowl full of jello shots 
To all you guys who \sag\ " your pants and show your butt and\ 
After hearing about what happened to a poor friend of mine , I felt I should make sure people are aware to never SIT on the innertube when being pulled around a lake at 250 MPH , always lay on the innertube . . . NEVER SIT ( this has been a true story , and no it wasn't me ) . 
A study has revealed that the kind of face a woman finds attractive on a man can differ depending on where she is in her menstrual cycle . For example : if she is ovulating , she is attracted to men with rugged and masculine features . However , if she is menstruating or menopausal , she tends to be more attracted to a man with duct tape over his mouth and a spear lodged in his chest while he is on fire . ... No further studies are expected on this subject . ................. Stop laughing !!!! 
A great day to go to the Warm Springs Museum 
I may never be as insane as I would like to be , but at least I have a goal . 
Oh , life is a glorious cycle of song , A medley of extemporanea ; And love is a thing that can never go wrong ; And I am < PROPFEMALE > of Romania . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
YOu know sometimes after a long trip how nice it would be to just turn around and go back when you see your house 
I have decided to dedicate my mind to pure comedy , this way I have an excuse when I can't follow an intellectual conversation and am asked questions about important politicy stuff 
Got to get to bed . Skools back tomorrow !! 
