just overdosed on cake . mmmm yummmmy 

HMMMM 
feeling exhausted after cleaning out the garage and putting it back . now its organized . 
uploading photos from the camera maybe I will post some and contemplating how much I hate money .... and how much i love to have money . 
Caves , Gems and Dancing . Quite a day ! Baby ! 
is going out to water the palnts . 
my dog is barking in his sleep . Funny ....... and Cute . I hope he got them ... 
Needs to return the library books . 
trying to write my narrative 
' s wife loves him very much ... enough to hack his facebook and tell everyone ! Let's see what trouble I can cause in Farmtown ...... 
Man What Next ..... 
HMMM .... 
tired of thinking and planning . my brain needs a massage and a vacation . What The Frack . 
Long day , short plan , long flight . I am glad I didnt have to drive back . I love flying . time for bed . I love sleeping . 
the car is fixed the swimming was nice and its time for getting ready for a new day 
Is in Utah , Finally .... and more important , Happy Anniversary , My Lady Love . 
wanted to go to the play with < PROPFEMALE > but the middle one is sick and the good news is , it is strep throat . so we will < PROPFEMALE > out and watch \James and the Giant Peach\ " Life is good .... even if its not what we planned . " 
to much to think about .... I will not say it now but will l will write it all down later . 
my 4 year old's hair looked Echo-and-the-Bunny-Men-esqe . Very Cute if you have hair and are 4 . 
Happy 24th of July . The best holiday of Summer . I love Utah 
going to < PROPFEMALE > Hill 
Back ? Home ? Frack , I am tired of Driving . Now I need to get a life . but I have some good ideas . I love the drive because there is lots to see and think about . 
I Want it all , I Want it all , I Want it all and I Want it now .... and I am Hungry . 
fascinated by the creative < PROPFEMALE > taken in so many of the < PROPMALE > stories .... and its a nice day . 
hates fillable PDF files you can not save !!!!! 
One application down and probably a million to go . 
Giant Chewy Nerd's!!!! Oh Baby you gotta try ' em ! 
kinda bummed , heard that < PROPMALE > and Dunn are retiring there act ..... Really bummed that my kids broke the camera . but life is still good . Can I scream now .... Excuse me .... Just call me Ruprickt that Monkey boy . 
if any one knows you can tell me ...... is it possible that salts in our sweat cause the water in out sweat of become cooler that if there was no salt in our sweat ..... just wondering if it works like an ice-cream-maker and freezing point depression .... or not ........ and walking can make you tired . 
The Trash collecting did not pick up the trash , AGAIN . What the Hell am I paying them for . If its not gone by noon tomorrow . I might just pitch ....! @$^$#%&@$%&%# ! ^$% 
day :| 
so if I really Wanted to I can ride my bicycle on Freeways in Texas .... Kinda cool ..... but I don't see any need anytime .... 
tired of work and school and thinking , just tired ..... but it was a good Sunday 
one more interview down . Its the lowest paying job that I have interviewed for in a while , but one that I have wanted for a while .... pray I get it . Now for the thank you letter . 
tired after flying , and then tomorrow morning I get to do it again . kinda cool 
tired after flying . it was a long day . 
I wondering what my problem is and why I keep leaving money on the table ?! GR#$$@#$%$% 
needs more time to sew and stuff 
on to < PROPFIRST > to see Depeche Mode . 
Depeche Mode . Most Righteous Experience . Great live show . Lots of old , lots of new and they really Rock live . 
Its like a dream , you try to remember but its gone , you try to sceam but it only comes out as a yawn .... 
Fucrianoutlaud .... 
running sucks . 
God says Create the Zen . 
changed the spark plugs and wires . I haven't done that in maybe 18 years . yeah its a good day . 
time fore bed 
seems to be stuck in idle 
You get your p h.d. How happy you will be When you get a job at wendys And are honored with employee of the month 
beautiful cool night after the wonderful rain today . 
Pack meeting tonight . What did I get myself into . 
time to get things ..... 
drill on conference weekend no fun . but I did get to attend priesthood session and that was great . I look forward to november . well , I guess I should go to bed when I have to go to PT in the morning . Life is moving fast . 
I hate 15 day work weeks . They really hurt . 
I still love the big bang theory 
just had a fun(ny ) moment with my son , it went something like this : Son : Daddy what language did you learn on your mission ? Daddy : You don't remember we just talked about it yesterday ? Son : Oh ,.... Spanish !?! Daddy No , Daddy went to Brasil on his Mission . Son : You speak brassiere . 
my inner child needs to go to bed 
Holy Frack !!! I think I am a cylon .... or maybe a typewritter 
one more day .... later ... my inner me is to tired . 
I intend to hibernate . 
wants to know : How did we meet ? ( Come on ... play the game ! It'll be fun ! Then copy and paste this as your status update . It'll be amusing to remind ourselves how we all met and know each other . ) 
My seven year old showed me his Christmas list for this year . Not alot on it . But the #1 Item listed , a Harley-Davidson Motorcycle . Maybe we can all figure out something because daddy wants one to . 
Flying is fun . It was fun tonight . I need to do it more . I CAN FLY . 
Another weekend of drill over . It was good , but I don't want to talk just sleep . 
is the hottiest !! ( who has a hottie wife who can hijack his facebook ) :) 
FRACK , FRACK , FRACK ........ FRACK !!!! 
still wants to know : How did we meet ? ( Come on ... play the game ! It'll be fun ! Then copy and paste this as your status update . It'll be amusing to remind ourselves how we all met and know each other . ) If you responded once thats cool . 
just got back from New < PROPFEMALE > with the Wife . Why would any one want < PROPFIRST > when < PROPMALE > is so hot .... Hello , and Go Shark Boy . 
flew , went running , going to bed 
Its Cold ... for San < PROPFIRST > . Need to go to bed to get up for drill . Hope the tomatoes survive 
Off to the hospital . We'll let you know . 
Ok Everyone , 8 lbs . 3 oz . 20.5 Inches . and SHE is pretty darn cute . pictures are forthcoming . and still working out some details on the Name . so if you want to visit just let us know . It has been one wonderful helluva week . 
Its nice to have a sleeping baby on your lap . 
URGENT FACEBOOK UPDATE : As of today , Facebook staff will be allowed to eat your children and pets . To turn this option off , go to settings , then privacy , then meals . Click the top two boxes to prevent the employees of Facebook from eating your beloved children and pets . Copy this to your status to warn your friends ! 
spent the past two days overdosing on Doctor Who ... i think this will be a new holiday tradition . 
just solved the Rubik's Cube . but don't ask me to explain how .... yet . 
SAME OL ' .... To Damn Tired ... :) : ! 
What to do ? 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . And now for my next trick .... 
HUH 
needs a milkshake ! 
Just Returned from the Pine-wood Derby with the Family . The Boy did very well First in the Wolf den and 3rd overall out of 45 kids ..... 150 mph .... and yes dad helped but it was The Boys project and car . 
my brain is being broken down with Ideas .... Crazy , Historical , Left handed ..... Ideas . Stop just make the bad Historical Ideas go away . 
I want to play in the snow ..... and a private jet to take me back to my home in the tropics .... maybe next year . 
Blue and gold yesterday . Baby blessing today . Birthday party tomorrow . I still need to get my homework , and reading done and research started plus all the other stuff . Man life is good or something 
policy and research !?!!???!!??!??!!??!?!?............ $&#*frack 
it will be a busy week . I think I will be OK . 
is a hottie !!! :) heeheeheeee !!!!!!! 
eating grapefruit with my hot wife . She is the best ever . Seriously . She rocks . 
Wishing my paper would write itself . The sad part is the subject is me . That Should be to easy . Except for needing to cite the ideas of dead theorists . that relate to my development . blah . Anyone who has any remembrances of me from about 15-18 years ago I wold love to here them . 
just a fifteen minute nap please . 
I love my family . I hope every one will stop being sick . 
Papers . Writing . Citing . 8| I hope this is good for me . 
MADE SOME PANTS FOR THE-BOY TODAY AND THEY ARE COOL . THE PICTURES WILL COME LATER . I LIVE KNOWING HOW TO SEW . 
sleeping baby 
People need to understand that Special Needs children don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . 93% of you probably won't copy and paste this ~ Will you be in the 7% that will and leave it on your status for at least an hour . Special Education week .. 
my wife is awesome . 
some days I feel stupid and some days I am . I am not totally sure but I think today is both . SIGH ... sigh ... : ? at least I have a cute family . 
Just went to see \Diary of a Wimpy Kid\ " with the Big Dude . Very Fun Show . I love the Family . " 
sleep now 
I am so tired of all of the debate on immigration . if you want to come and work we welcome you , I say . however you are going to pay your taxes . and all you deadbeat americans that were born here you better start paying your taxes if you want to make sure you can renew your annual membership . thats what i think . 
just needs 4 more people to help with my chicken coop . Go to my profile and the post with the chicken in a hard hat . 
cool day . My boys were accepted a pretty cool charter school . The School of Science and Technology . I think I am more excited than they are , but not as excited as my wife . 
I want a new drug .... 
is going to get some lunch , and hope that after returning to writing , the stars and planets will align in the heavens and the words will align in the paper , and all make the angels weep with joy and and exclaim triumphant hosannas . 
TICK WARNING ! I hate it when people post bogus warnings , but this one is real . Please repost this as your status !! If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warm weather and asks you to take your clothes off and dance around with your arms up , DO NOT DO IT ! THIS IS A SCAM ! They only want to see you naked . I wish I'd gotten this warning yesterday . I feel so stupid . :( 
I think I have my schedule all worked out for the summer and then i get an email that one of the classes has been Canceled ..... I really want to go say mean things to them right now ...... sigh :\\ 
I am so tired of thinking about research . the writing is almost minor . Making things fit together ...... o_O $&#* 
needs to go print one paper . Only 2 more papers to edit and then semester 1 is finished . I need some some food . 
\it seems like I am never gonna get out of here\ " one more paper on the brink of completion . May the fourth be with us all . " 
last paper printed . I feel like singing .... 
a few words about insurance -^$%$^%&^%@$!@#!%&^&^* &^%&^$#$@#%%&$%&$#% ~ ~ $@$%^^^&&%%#$%^ 
happy B-day to my BIG DUDE . Baseball games and B-day Parties . 
happy mothers day , Mom , < PROPFEMALE > , Grandma ..... and the rest of you out there as well ...... l love you < PROPFEMALE > 
I do not like sequins today . But I am almost done . 
the plan is made . now , get'er done . 
5:30 < PROPFEMALE > and thunder ....? should I be worried ? 
how can I have so much to do during my vacation ? Oh yeah . It's me . 
car is fixed and running well . it sure cost enough 
Silver Stars lost , But my boys and I had a lot of fun . great little prize from the school for good attendance . 
;\\ 
Post this on your status if you know , or are related to , someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by the Death Star . \ 
\ 
My wish is that people will understand that the Empire is a band of murdering scum . \ 
The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring peace to the galaxy , but the evil empire continues to kill innocent civilians . \ 
93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
And as all have not faith , seek ye diligently and teach one another words of wisdom ; yea , seek ye out of the best abooks words of wisdom , seek learning even by study and also by faith 
its morning and I am still tired .... -_- 
The Big Dudes game was a Bummer .... they got stomped . | now for some more base ball in the morning . 
So .... LOST .... the Jury is still out .... but I think is will for ever be hung .... in a word LOST 
Nice bike ride with the Family this evening . FHE is good stuff . 
First night back to class . I hope my brain does not go into overload with four hours of lecture . ; >:\\ :) 
just got done with my oldest's baptism . heading out to have dinner with Grandma June and Grandpa < PROPFIRST > . It's nice to have family in town for a few days . Riverwalk ..... 
its nice to have the family in town . but its even nicer when the big dude is not puking on the river-walk and on the boats , and when the wife is not puking in the parking garage as we are trying to go home . I am not sure to think . The evening was a comedy of errors ... or a tragedy of idiocy ... but almost everyone is sleeping now so that is ... 
The backyard , such as it is , is cleaned and cut . It is hot today . 
I think I have a clue ..... But I will let you know later . 
I hate amusement parks ! Who ever came up with the idea of charging people to be miserable by standing in lines and walking around and having to pay for overpriced greasy food was a Diabolical Genius . I am glad I did not have to pay to get in .... and by the way Journey to Atlantis was awesome , the Big Dude road it twice and the Middle Dude rode it once . so cool . 
My wife rocks ! I just thought everyone needed to know . If I could take care of anything as good as she does .... and I do mean anything . 
I am peachy and angry ..... take that world !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
needs to go running .... my brain needs me to go at least . 
I Need My World Cup ... :] 
thrift stores ROCK !!!! 
paper is done and sent . Maybe next time I will strive for good . I think tonight I will settle for turned in . 
time to go to bed . Toy story 3 was fun . The rain was nice . Kind of bummed out about the World Cup , but all is well . we are going to try a weekly internet sabbath ( non-religious ) but we will be back monday for all you that need us . Happy forth of July . 
WORLD CUP FINAL ..... excited to see .... what the heck . 
Why the ^#(( am I in School this Summer ?! I just Want to Say $&#*)*% . and so there . 
PT in the morning unless it rains ..... I hope it rains . Peace , Love , Rock and Roll . 
School + Summer = brain-dead 
Peace and Love , Man . We can all get along , But keep the guns , Just in case . 
11 years , 1 dog , 4 kids , 3 states , and 5 cars . Crazy most of the times , fun most of the time . still loving still learning , Happy Anniversary , Hon . 
I hate papers . and they never seem to end are feeling like carbon copies of others . $&#* !!!!!! I need a haircut . 
Nothing says Pioneer-day like bounce house's , snowone's , handcarts , more snow cones , to much sun , more snow cones and a possible case of heat exhaustion . Snow cone flavor of the day I do not recommend , Bubble-gum/Banana . Glad to be out of the house and glad to be back in . 
I Get it I sent what was ask for two months ago . Now you want new stuff that you forgot to tell me about before . thanks for telling me the day before the drop dead day . #%^^@@ ! @ 
I need my journal and my crayons . @_@ 
just finished the last of Pushing Daisies . Why the heck do all the good shows have to get such a short life . I know its been two years but I am going to hope for a movie come back . Always leave them wanting more , and only the good die young ... well some times . 
So , < PROPFEMALE > showed up at work , the bid dude had busted his < PROPFEMALE > open trying to go up the slide , and he insisted on letting me know since they were driving to the ER . five hours later , after expecting stitches he gets his jagged gash superglued shut and they are on there way home . once there , everyones tired and he bounces the basketball in just such a way that it hits him in the nose . 
just not feeling it today ... any prayers you can send will be appreciated . 
I think I am turning Japanese , I think I am turning Japanese , I really think so . 
Come unto me , all ye that labour and are heavy laden , and I will give you rest . Take my yoke upon you , and learn of me ; for I am meek and lowly in heart : and ye shall find rest unto your souls . For my yoke is easy , and my burden is light . < PROPMALE > 11:28 -30 
I just got a job/school email today . I was so happy with excitement I was nearly in shock . Still giddy and excited about the whole prospect , but so nervous at the same time . I have some planing to do . 
Is tired of the City , tired of the heat , tired from the allergies(literally ) and really wants to be in the mountains , in the cool , and some place more spiritually and philosophically pleasing than this urban jungle . 
I think I have a problem with killing ... we have a mouse ... but I don't want to kill it ... Sara just bout a lot of traps ... none of them are live traps ... have fun Hun ... David said i wanted to eat it ... no ... I am tired ... hmmm ... yup tired ... 
one mouse caught and released . last seen running along the curb and me feeling happy it did not need to die or be killed ... happy :) 
Well I should have orders tomorrow . \ 
Need sleep now . 
Who is a God like unto thee That pardoneth iniquity And passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage ? he retaineth not his anger for ever , because he delighteth in mercy\ 
He will turn again He will have compassion upon us He will subdue our iniquities And thou wilt cast all their sins into the depths of the sea 
: ? time to sleep . 
Things to get done . Things we want to get done . better get going . 
according to my bathroom scale and the army height weight table I am FAT , or at the very least over weight . I can not say for certain because I have not uses the tape measure yet . I can pass the PT Test but I am not sure if I should cut my calories burn more calories or something drastic . Either way my wife makes great plum pie and it is even yummy a la mode . 
While I appriciate the fact that a husband and wife can both have a calling , the fact that the husband has a calling does not trump the wife's calling . I can watch my kids and while my wife does here stuff and if there is an activity planned and scheduled that has first priority over some planning-to-ge t-t o-know-you meeting . 
$&#**^% People , and I Use the term Loosely . Sometimes \people\ " need to be put in a place where they will not do the rest of the world harm ..... and make them take piano lessons while you are at it ..... Whatever . " 
FB I hate your ever-changing format . 
Rode my bike to and from committee meeting , about 8 < PROPMALE > . Went running this morning , 2 < PROPMALE > with weights . If I can keep this going I will be in a word Awsome . I am so going to do the Tough Mudder Event Series . If any one wants to join me and < PROPFEMALE > , its in < PROPFIRST > in February . And everything else is starting tomorrow . 
found a little snake with the boys and < PROPFEMALE > this evening . Picked some of the pepers , killed some ants . Life is good . 
had my first Ion foot bath . Nice . Now I want to Vomit ... but that might just be Dinner .....? 
Children with special needs only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way and who learn a little ... differently 
removed the front bumper from the truck tonight . Tomorrow morning I will go and try to find a new bumper . Not my prefered Saturday activity but it will start the day . 
relaxing with my lunch of left-overs . made it to Pick n pull got me a bumper . got home so that the wife could get the Big Dude to his popcorn sales . put the bumper on , Thanks for the help < PROPFIRST > . walked the middle Dude to the bitrhday party . got the Little dude some Chocolate Milk . Now , I need a shower . and it is only Noon thirty . Cool beans . 
I need to be in bed ...... Sleeping ..... time to stop reading ..... blah . 
My kids are Awsome . My wife is Awsome . To sum it up Awsome . 
made some amazing Salsa . OH Baby . listening to the Depeche Mode definately helped . good night . 
Sending out a help request to friends in San < PROPFIRST > . Trying to help a friends family unload a truck into storage . If you are able bodied and can help do some heavy lifting and moving boxes , it is the UHAUL rental and Storage on 6745 FM 78 . If you don't have to be anywhere tomorrow morning around 8:00 , many hands make light work . Thanks . 
still trying to help the friends family get there stuff stored . we have had fits and spurts today but thanks to those that did make it . We are still at the UHAUL rental and Storage on 6745 FM 78 . If you can help between now and 8PM that will be great . 
I really like LDS General Conference weekend . Now to the farmers market between sessions . 
life is good and there is much rejoicing . Poopy was done into the potty !!! ( Angels are singing over my house right now . ) 
please let any thoughts and prayers be directed towards < PROPFIRST > . He swallowed a coin and is at the hospital now . It sounds like he will need to be put under general anesthesia so that they can reach down his throat and get it out . \ 
All prayers greatfully accepted . 
Update < PROPFIRST > spent the night in the hospital . After the second x-Ray this morning they saw the coin was still in the base of the throat . so they got there team and got it out about 9:00 am . Since he was under the General Anesthesia . we had to stay about four more hours for him to wake up , Drink something , Eat something , and get all the paperwork done . After making it home we both slept for about 2 hours . 
5 down , 3 to go . slow process . 
last one . I really ....... 
Election-Day tomorrow . Everyone Vote OUT all the incumbants . We can start over from scratch . Choose whoever you can that has never been in the office that they are currently in and never been in the highest echelons/levels of State of Federal Government . We all need a lot of change we can realy have faith . 
Tomorrow is change your politician day . get out and put someone that is not an incumbent in the chair for a while . As my brother recently reminded me . \Politicians are like diapers they need to be changed often and for the SAME Reason . \ " Vote out the Republicans Vote out the Democrats Vote out the Libertarians if they have been in . New Ideas new Blood . Lets say we are starting over . " 
Well , it is a new day and a few of the Diapers(politicians ) got changed . lets hope that someone notices that something is rotten sooner than later . Hopefully all the change will slowdown for a good longwhile . 
I feel crumby . :\\ 
feeling slightly less crumby . eating great food helps . Passed my midterm . trying to get to bed . I really want to SEW . I wish it did not have to wait . :| Sigh 
tired . 
shouldn't just leave his facebook open ... even if it is * his * laptop . Teehee !!!! 
Once there was a snowman snowman snowman . Once there was a snowman tall Tall TALL . 
In the sun he melted . Melted . Melted . In the sun he melted SMALL Small small .... 
Leaves are falling all around . On the rooftops on the ground . 
Leaves are falling ... blah blah blah ... I don't know the rest ... 
<--- Has the best , most beautiful , talented , hardworking wife EVER . BOOYAH !!!! 
Happy Veterans Day ! Thanks Grandpa , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , BJ , < PROPMALE > , and all the rest of the Family and Friends that have served , Thanks . 
since I am still up at such an ungodly hour I would like every one to know that I hate computeres 1 ) that run windows , B)that are issued to me from the Army . and C or 3 ) I am really tired . 
More time and it only cost me 10% ....? :| : b :\\ :/ :D :s 
Yeah !??? 
Some days my favorite words all have four letters and it does not do any good to type them . then there are the days I just want to curse and swear . After I get past both of those days I find is a woderful life again . But then the car needs fixed . the paper needs writen and there goes life agian . 
So both of the vehicles needed new waterpumps . What the heck both the same day . I would love to get a new car but ... well It is nice to not have a car payment . Just need to get saving better . Happy Thanksgiving . I Vote we have prime rib . 
Having a cute baby pulling at your leg and smiling is not conducive to writing a paper .? 
need some sleep in order to finish . peace . 
Today I Hate Everything . 
Today I am Happy and Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > . 
Well , I'm hot blooded , check it and see \ 
I got a fever of a hundred and three ( 103 F)( 39.5 C ) \ 
really i do . if I dont die to nigt I willl see you tomorrow . \ 
la la la ..... 
feeling better . not great but better . an least now I can do my homework . :| 
strep . :| yeah :| -_- 
People have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't re-post this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this to your status 
I have made my way to the most wonderful people ever in the lowest circle of hell . Interesting juxtapose . 
driving in utah ( more specifically the wasatch front ) is one of the new circles of hell . on par with the many californications 
the most awesome thing is seeing my boys so excited about snow . they spent about an hour in the snow making a snowman last night and were so wet after , but this is their first christmas in the snow . Very exciting times . 
is a wonderful husband and father ... and has a hot wife . 
fa la la la la .... I need The Doctor . 
It's Snowing Finally . Just got done building a snowman with my boys and niece and nephew . Awesomely fun . Now it is time for Cocoa . 
\FU-CRYIN ' OUT LOUD . \"" 
My boys Rock !!! Now time for bed . 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . It was a long slow day at work with a very nice evening at home with the Family . No cake for me this year . Raspberry Grapefruit Pie . My wife is the best and my kids are the sweetest . Hoping they continue keeping me young . 
Went to the Movies last night . The Kings Speech . I highly recommend it . Now time for bed . This week might be to busy .... I hope not ... but it might . 
Sometimes you just need a big cup of cocoa . 
Does anyone in the San < PROPFIRST > area have a turkey fryer and may I borrow it ? 
The Bean dip was great .... but after .... well ... enough said . 
must write paper . hope to get it done buy noon . good buy for now . 
Very excited . Just in case you have not heard from My lovely wife yet , I got my promotion . I am sure I will find a cloud to go with this silver lining .... there it is ..... I have a test to finish studying for . :D : b :\\ 
What the $&#* .... I am tired ... I am tired .... $&#* !?! 
sick , at home , with < PROPFIRST > , who is also sick . Less fun than I would like , but life is good . 
feeling like a real flake today .... : b 
What an exciting few days working on Homework in between Promotions :) and Pinewood Derby :) life is good even if it is busy . I think my new recreational activity , if I can get around to it properly , will be sleep . 
I love San < PROPFIRST > it was 80 degrees monday . 24 this morning with a wind chill of five ( 5 ) , add to that the power went out this morning and < PROPFEMALE > is at home , makes for many kinds of stress . now I have to go and take a test . : b 
I want you to comment on this status about how you met me . But I want you to lie . That's right . Just make stuff up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
Paper done . Bed her I come . -- 
is such a good husband !!! <3 
WARNING : a virus called Monday is approaching . staying up late on Sundays will not prevent it . 
its night . time for bed . 
I want to go to London . 
Spent the after noon with my brother < PROPMALE > . cool . after , tried to take advantage of the wind and fly some kites with the kiddos . not so cool . but I think i have figured out the equation . \ 
C+K+D+W = Fun IFF C is the number of kiddos , K is the number of kites and ? C , D is Dad or any available parental unit , and W is wind that is not to cold for C and not so fast that K become mini-gliders for C . 
to much on the brain . I hope it does not get crushed . ZZZZZZZZZZZZ ..... huh 
my baby girl likes My Chemical Romance .... Cool today .... but in 15 years ? \ 
I still like it . 
..... and then there are the other days .... 
I love the fact that I can sew . Got to do some today . I need to do it more . 
got my baby girly some beads . She knew they were for her and is wearing them around the house happy looking like a little flapper . Found a great old couch for < PROPFEMALE > . safely stored . Me and the big dude got hair cuts . Dudes B and 3 got their Sonic fix . I AM TIRED .... I still need to make cookies . And I did not get to sew . Silver-linings and clouds . I guess it is mostly < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along .. 
Moving to our new house tonight . If you would like to lend a hand we will be starting about 5 pm-ish . the new house is close by so if can help unload that will be great . Ice cream and rootbeer floats when we are done . 
I am so hungry and all I have in the house is ice cream . If I eat it I think I will go into a sugar coma . moving in to a new hose has been interesting . 
Ok so I have been sick this weekend and my son got sick at school today , we went to the doctor and we both have strep . Congratulations to us . And my other boy is complaining about his throat now , with fever to boot . What a great and glorious weekend , with a little misery thrown in for keeping it real . I hope that everyone that helped us stays healthy . 
Remember when teachers , public employees , Planned Parenthood , NPR and PBS crashed the stock market , wiped out half of our 401Ks , took trillions in TARP money , spilled oil in the Gulf of Mexico , gave themselves billions in bonuses , and paid no taxes ? Yeah , me neither . 
The US government has announced that it is changing the national emblem from an Eagle to a condom , as a condom is a more accurate representation of the government . Condoms allow inflation , halt production , destroy the next generation , protect a bunch of dicks , and give you a sense of security when you're being screwed . 
Happy Easter ya'll 
Day . 
some days I hate being smarter than I was at the beginning ... but I wish I could be smarter about getting smarter . 
connected to My.Despair.com . 
not sure where I left my brain . If someone finds it please do not let it escape . 
