Making some progress on my apartment ... finally !!! 

My internet magically fixed itself today ... yay !!! 
I love it when cute guys give me their number . To call or not to call ... hmm ... 
:) All I can do is smile :) 
My dad is trying to moonwalk ... It's a pretty scary sight ! 
Writing ... well , trying to write ... 
The only person you can count on is yourself ... and even that's a lie ! I always seem to f things up !!! 
My sofa feels sooo fantastic right now !!! Ahh .... 
I really should be sleeping ... 
Ah !!! I need sleep ... or caffeine . Either would work really ! 
Wow ... I sure didn't expect that ! Hmm ... 
It just keeps getting better ... :) 
This isn't supposed to happen ! How do I make it stop ??? Ahhh ... I'm so confused !!! 
Drinking lots of wine with < PROPFEMALE > ! Mmm ... so yummy !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > ... It's your own fault that you have wine in your hair !!! :) 
This totally sucks !!! 
Wine on an empty stomach is never a good idea ! 
I need this f-ing song out of my head ... I'm about to scream !!! Please , somebody make it stop !!! 
Ahh ... my bed feels goooood !!! Too bad I rarely sleep ! 
Ahh ... home at last ! Apparently I'm missing out on quite the party outside my apartment ... crazy neighbors !!! 
I'm SO bored ... 
has writer's block . I need inspiration !!! 
Gotta love rainy days ... although I'd love them much more if I could stay in bed all day ! 
And I'm home again ... I miss Colorado already !!! 
Different than other guys ... Ha ! I've heard that one before ! You're all the same ... There's really no need to try and fool me ! 
I'm sleepy , but I can't sleep ... imagine that !!! 
Waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to finish watching Glee so I can go get her drunk ... bad day will soon be a good day !!! 
We're having uncomfortable discussions about sex ... stop asking me questions !!! 
And I guess that was your cue to exit ... nice knowing ya ! 
Now that I can actually send MMS pics ... it won't actually send ! Go figure ! 
I can hear it in my head ... why can't I play it !!!! FRUSTRATING !!!!! 
Seriously ... wtf ??? Wow ... 
So I came home to an apartment complex full of cops ... apparently I missed one hell of a party last night !!! 
Playing some guitar :) 
Only I could cut my finger with a butter knife ... Now that takes some talent !!! 
Finally listening to Thrice's The Alchemy Index . There's some great stuff here ... I approve !!! 
Spaghetti O's and Nacho Cheese Doritos must have been created by God ... oh and plastic spoons too ! :) 
Of all people you were the one who made my day better ... weird ! 
I feel like death ... this getting sick business is NO FUN !!! 
I'm really tired of dealing with this shit ... People , just leave me alone !!! 
Awkward moments ... 
I smell like a smokey campfire ... I wish I actually got to enjoy a campfire instead of cooking steaks all night at work !!! :( 
I have a sudden burst of energy ... at 2:30 am . Damn insomnia !!! 
What the F ... it's after 7:30 am and I still haven't fallen asleep ! Argh !!! Apparently I have a lot on my mind ... 
It's snowing !!! :) 
Starting off the new year sick ... No fun ! I never get sick , so what's the deal ? Can't wait to feel better ! 
You know there ain't no rest for the wicked until we close our eyes for good 
I've been awake for umm ... 40ish hours . Sleep , must sleep ... and hopefully soon ... preferably before I have to work again ! 
On my way to < PROPMALE > ... 5 days of relaxation , friends and beer , lots of beer ! Good times will be had !!! 
Is being punished for having such a great time last night . :( 
I miss Colorado already :( I had such an amazing time and can't wait to come back ! I'm pretty sure I should be living here ... I love me some mountains !!! 
I think my mind is in the gutter today ... I never realized how many dirty songs are on my iPod . I officially feel violated ! 
And I'm home again ... Boo Wichita , boo !!! I want to relocate ! Any suggestions ? 
Sometimes I feel like a glorified babysitter ... tonight was one of those nights ! 
Just had a < PROPFEMALE > for lunch with mom and dad ! Mmm ... 
It is so f-ing hot in my apartment !!! How many times do I have to call maintenance to fix my shit ... Really ? I guess I won't be cleaning today after all ! 
Really ??? I should've known better ... Sometimes I hate being so damn reliable ! 
Oh how I need to find some motivation today ... Usually that's not too hard for me ! So what's the deal ? 
So I didn't find motivation to clean today ... But I did find the motivation to go to a concert and drink buckets of beer !!! 
Really ? ... Now I have a fever too :( I'd sooo much rather be hungover right now ! Too bad I never have the luxury of calling in sick to work !!! 
Thank you to the men of Wichita for the constant reminder of why I prefer to remain single . 
Poured wine for the Walkabout tonight . Now I'm home and having my own wine walkabout ... consisting of me , a bottle of zinfandel , my comfy sofa and a movie . Ok , it's more of a \sit\ " about really ... The important thing is the wine !!! " 
I feel like singing the \Hallelujah Chorus\ " right about now ! " 
Sunday breakfast with the girls ... a little housecleaning ... and then off to work . A semi-productive day ... although I'd rather be sleeping ! I'm still sooo tired :( 
The excitement has officially worn off ... I'm so over this ! 
Working on no sleep ... Again . Just one of my many talents ! 
Sooo ... Dairy < PROPFEMALE > ice cream cupcakes are the greatest thing ever !!! It's the little things in life that make me happy :) 
An unexpected ass-kicking at work tonight = no after-work beer for me :( Definitely not on tonight's agenda !!! 
I need to stop watching movies with happy endings ... They're making me bitter ! Where's my happily ever after damn it !!! 
Sooo ... I guess I won't be sleeping before my 15 hour day of work after all :( Insomnia , you are so not cool ! 
If I have to work like this all summer long , I might start hurting people ... This heat makes me tired and cranky ! Not conducive to a pleasant work environment !!! 
I am one f-ing pissed off bitch right now ! What part of \It's 90 degrees in my apartment\ " do you not get understand ? If you have to fix my A/C every other month ... Then it's NOT FIXED !!! Seriously ... I feel like I'm in the kitchen at work again ! " 
After a long exhausting day of work , I just walked into my heavenly 72 degree home . Life is good again ! 
So excited for tomorrow ... margaritas by the pool and a night with the girls . I'm so lucky to have the greatest friends ever !!! 
When things get tough , I don't cry ... I just shut people out . So I am officially hanging my emotional * do not disturb * sign until further notice . 
And at the end of the day , the big kids will play ... on the Slip ' N Slide ! Good time friends ... Good times !!! 
Just destroyed the mutant spider that attempted to take over my home ! I feel victorious !!! As usual , my cat was worthless ... 
If only these stomach pains would go away , maybe ... just maybe , I'd be able to finally fall asleep ! 
After 3 days of miserable pain , I think my stomach is finally better ! Of course I've barely eaten in those 3 days ... We'll see how this food thing goes . This is by far the best but most painful \diet\ " I've ever been on ! " 
My brain is at capacity ... I feel like I should be watching reality television to eliminate this problem . 
It's 11:30 and I'm tired ... This is fantastic !!! 11:30 PM that is ! So much for reading tonight ... Oh well , another night . 
Not quite the Saturday night I was hoping for ... :( 
I'm ready for a holiday that I don't have to work ... I hope everyone enjoyed some fireworks and blew something up for me :) 
I just saw a deer on the side of the road at K96 and Woodlawn ... Thank you God for amazing vision , and thank you deer for not running out in front of my car ! 
Ugh ! Ready for another Saturday ... particularly this Saturday ! 2 days off in a row = AMAZING ... water park with friends ... and our 1st Annual < PROPFEMALE > Races ! Can't wait !!! Week go by fast ... Please !!!! 
Ugh ! What is a girl to do ... 
Had such an amazing time tonight ! Can't wait for Saturday !!! 
Friends , I would just like to point out that I uploaded my pictures first ... yes , FIRST ! So , there can be no talking shit this time :) Now time for a little music productivity ! 
My bar looks so sad :( Good thing I've had drinks to make to keep me busy ! 
This is turning out to be a good week ... Make that a GREAT week !!! :) 
Had such an amazing Saturday ... winery , bbq , great food , awesome company ! Good times , good times !!! Now , if only I had time for a nap today ... 
Came home from work to find 6 wasps in my apartment ... Yes , I cried . 
30+ down ... You picked the wrong girl to mess with wasps !!! 
So excited for 7 glorious , almost perfect days in the mountains ! There's only one thing missing ... 
Wait , who just beat you at Scrabble mom ? Yep ... That would be me ! 
So frustrated ... I don't know what more you want from me ! I'm really trying to be a good friend ! 
Counting the hours ... 
Colorado , Zoobilee , and a fantastic weekend ahead ... This week just keeps getting better ! 
Too early for an OTB swirl ? I think not ! 
At So You Think You Can Dance in KC ... Amazing seats , amazing friends = Awesome time ! 
I think I need a new shoulder ... Or maybe even a new right arm ! This pain is getting a bit ridiculous ! :( 
I may have spoke too soon ... dang it ! 
5 hours of sleep in the last 2 days ... 25 hours of work ... It's a damn good thing I don't require sleep to function ... Only caffeine :) 
Today definitely feels like a Monday ... And I feel sorta icky too ... Not cool ! I'm sooo ready for this weekend already !!! 
My employees are so sweet ... Tonight they made a card for me and signed it after finding out my < PROPFEMALE > died . Thanks guys ! 
Once again , another AMAZING weekend ... I think I'm getting a little spoiled ! I really wish Monday wasn't here so soon . Hopefully this week will go by really fast ! 
' Tis the season for pep talks . My annoyingly optimistic self sometimes amazes even me ! 
Sometimes the stress seems so unbearable ... I don't know how much more of this I can take ! I'm trying to stay positive , but it's really hard to . 
I'm so lucky that I have someone in my life who can put a smile on my face even on my worst days ! 
Thank God for BEERFEST ... It may not fix my problems , but it sure as hell will make me forget them !!! 
Ahh ... So glad to be relaxing after 9 hours of work . Today's highlight was definitely not the fever , chills , aching or throwing up all day ! 
is sooo looking forward to Thursday ! 
I feel like I could sleep for 12 days straight and still be tired . I want my energy back !!! 
Yep , definitely should've taken a nap today before work ... Long day , and it's looking like a very short night . It's gonna take A LOT of coffee to keep me awake and functioning through the day ! 
Watching films in my anthropology class ... It's about as much fun as being tortured ! 
Ugh ... Everyday I wake up hoping to feel better , but I only feel worse . Not cool ! 
Oh I really wish I could take a sick day ... I just hope this 14 hour work day goes by fast !!! 
So the highlight of my day is definitely NOT being stranded on the side of the road waiting for a tow truck in the snow and cold ... I really am starting to hate my car right now , even more than I already did ! 
Despite my body feeling blah today , I've been quite productive and I like it ! 
I really hope this isn't round 2 of being sick ... Thankfully , I'm finally home from work and can get some sleep ! 
It's Friday night ... And my drink of choice is Dimetapp . How sad ... 
Do I really have to go to work today ? Ugh ... I want a snow day too !!! 
Whenever I'm having a bad day , I take my aggressions out playing Angry Birds ... It's very therapeutic ! 
Good wine ... Good food ... Good friends ... Good times !!! 
Wow ... Did that just really happen ? 
Hero of the Day : < PROPMALE > Carr . Thank you so much for your help ! I owe you ! 
So glad today is over !!! I'm hoping for a really good day tomorrow to make up for this shitty one ! 
I really need a nap ... I don't think work is the appropriate place though :( 
I'm free !!! Well , at least until Sunday . So happy for a day off work ! :) 
Coffee is not working this morning ! Damn ... I knew I should've slept last night . 
Let the brewing begin ! 
It's a great day to be a SHOCKER !!! :) 
I have to be awake in 2 1/2 hours ... tomorrow's going to be a long day of work ! 
It's almost 11pm and I'm eating my first meal of the day ... I never though a salad and green beans could taste so good ! 
I really just want to crawl in my bed and fall asleep ... Work , can you go by a little faster please ? 
Boy I'm tired ... I need a nap ... Or better yet ... A TON of caffeine !!! 
Yay ! My mama is in town :) 
Moving Day !!!! 
Excited to see Stars Go Dim at Riverfest tonight with < PROPFEMALE > Belisle and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > :) 
Laying out with a < PROPFEMALE > in hand ... Don't mind if I do ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes :) I had a great day ! 
Ugh ... I have the most excruciating headache ! Not cool !!! 
Just gave my car a bath ... looks so pretty ! :) Geez , it's hot outside ... now I need a bath too ! 
So ready for the pool ... and a drink !!! That'll fix things , right ? 
Homemade granola , fresh fruit and yogurt is such a good breakfast ! I could eat this everyday ... Well I guess I already do eat it everyday ! Yum ! 
What a perfect lazy Sunday ... Until now :( 
Feels good to be home ... But I'm missing Colorado already ! Thanks Mom and Dad for a great vacation :) 
I'm so annoyed ... Is this day over yet ? 
Oh how I wish I could be at home in bed right now ... Not feeling well at all :( 
Breakfast with the girls , pork in the smoker for dinner , homemade potato salad and coleslaw done , baking chocolate chip cookies for dessert , and watching some football ... what a perfect Sunday ! 
Not in the Halloween spirit ... Maybe it's because I have to work 12 hours today :( 
