If you ended 2010 single , put this as your status . If someone sends you a ? they want to be with you in 2011 (: 

So much to do lol come on snow 
Darn you pole cuttter gave me a blister grrr 
Work at four then who knows ugh spanish monday 
Yawn no hablo spanish !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Really bored ugh 
Coffee !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
yummy 
Bored 
Life is kinda dull right now need to make things interesting yawn 
Someone should txt me cuz im uber bored 
in hospital ugh 
The Fates are cruel to those who do not appease them 
Ugh one more week who agrees ? Haha 
Humankind cannot gain anything without first giving something in return . To obtain , something of equal value must be lost . 
Ah the cruel fates messing with the strings of life bringing upon chaos for their own entertainment . 
Two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity ; and I'm not sure about the universe . 
Sitting here analyzing my life and realizing how sad and pathetic it actually is shrug Yay my life i guess 
My running partner ditched me grrr 
Zip ur vagina ! 
Whats the best thing bout me ? I wanna know . 
Oh I get by with a little help from my friends gets high with a little help from his friends oh im gonna try with a little help from my friends 
bFive more days till i get to chill with my cuz if she ever gives me the details of when are where and well every other detail too since all i know is tha 
bt it is happening on saturday 
Well now its been a year since she died kinda sad hmmm never thought it has been that long :'( 
One year has passed since she died sigh cnt believe it has really been that long :'( 
Im over it . I am utterly and completely over it . The overprotective idiocy . The dumbass decisions that result from that mentioned before . I have been pus 
hed to my limits and that came that holds me together is going to snap and well i will welcome this with open arms for I am indeed ready for what this me 
ans . 
Over it completely and dnt care what happens next so come on life throw another curve ball at me im ready to strike out . 
Yawn night night world ill bring my chaos upon you later i am sleepy 
musical 
MUSICAL ! ;-) 
ugh back to bed 
Things have gone from good to shit to better than before so far so good Haha 
Its funny how you can never find or see something when its in plain sight . 
Everything seems to being going good till something comes and fucks shit up . Why do i even try anymore when i know it will just all fail like the times before . 
I give up . I just dnt care what happens anymore i tried but shrug whatever apparently what i say means nothing . Thanx . 
Im sry im not talking to keep myself calm or i might just go on a murderous rampage . 
I hate fucking idiots !!!!!!!!!!!! 
yawn tired bro txt me Haha 
yawn nothing to do maybe ill take a nap 
I feel like ive ruined several peoples nights sigh :'( 
I feel like ive ruined several peoples nights but hope my simple acts will make everything better 
Shrug im sry :-\\ 
So i just woke up completely pissed till i realized what i was mad at was a dream damn that was a long dream 
Phn is broke and dnt know when things are ever gna get better 
Hmmm well that was unexpected Haha 
Im such an idiot 
I am not worth anyones time shrug 
Walking . Destination : Unknown 
I no longer understand anything i once did . I guess this means i start rewriting everything i thought true . 
This phn is hot 
Bored waiting on ambers slow ass ugh hurry up i got shit to do 
Howling to an invisible < PROPFEMALE > guess thats the basis of my life 
Whos the dominatrix now bitch !!!! 
To protect you i sacrificed myself to the shadows 
Life goals comleted riding in trunk and popping out at a parking lot and walking through drive thru im awesome 
The drive in is not worth working sundays 
Waiting in the shadows 
There are two doors one leads to the light the other darkness . I choose to be the darkness . 
Growl 
Can you keep up in my fast paced world . Just try and catch me . 
Dare you take off the mask ? 
To where a mask for so long i don't know whats under it . 
Just got off work im tired 
Subcontrabass flute thats wheere the shit is at bitchaz !!!!!! 
Well well well ..... This will be fun ! 
Awesome wreck 
Owww 
FIVE DAYS OF HELL LEFT 
Bored why are thursdays so effing busy 
I hate just sitting there watching as the world shatters and there is not a single thing I can do to help . What kind of a friend am I ? 
Tired of the rain but the lightning can stay . So much fucking shit to do so little time . 
Whats is wrong with me ? I wish i knew haha maybe more monster will help ( too bad you dnt the secret bout that 
When ur life is lost in a downward tailspin do u pull on the controls to save urself or let it all crash ? 
is scared 
so bored 
As the world crumbles away my friends lives become chaotic my own life is skewed for SHE has returned to me and has a vendetta apparently 
Will I be able to stop her before she has complete control and everything I know is lost ? I sure hope so or the gates of hell will be unleased once again . 
So bored ugh im gna go plan my world domination now plz let me know if u would like to help and ur skills and the position u would like 
Wonders when the storm will pass so the dogs will stop pacing 
Extremely bored and my stomach hurts ugh 
Standing on the edge . Do I jump or sit and watch everything crumble . 
so bored\ 
someone help\ 
haha\ 
oh no ive gone crazy\ 
MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Stupidity is the leading cause of my anger so shut the fuck up people no one cares 
The road less traveled is often traveled alone 
All in all you know you have great friends when they stick next to you when anything and everything happens unfortunatly I believe this is on the beginning of the war . I sure hope I can win because if I don't will I be forever lost ? 
Im gna to bed actually have to get up before noon haha so Night everybody MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
ugh so burnt guess im sleeping on my tummy 
burnt on my shoulders and back 
so i think my sunburn is starting to fade tho i can still feel the vast amounts of heat rolling off my body 
so i lied im still pretty burnt\ 
haha i just checked and it hurt 
needs more fireworks 
FIREWORKS !!!!!! 
MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Mmm blood 
Chilling at IU hmmm 
counting down the days till freedom and can do what needs to be done 
and so another is taken away from my life im glad she was in it and i will miss her dearly but now she is not suffering i love u aunt < PROPFEMALE > R.I.P. 
(Infinity ; what does it mean to you ? It can signify a point in which you leave reality behind or it may just be a mathmatical expression to desribe the si 
(ze of our universe . It can symbolize that true love never dies . Infinity offers you the < PROPMALE > you will find at last that you have always been dreaming o 
(f . Hasn't it always been the endeavor of mankind to create a better world than the one we are living in ? Music gives you the < PROPMALE > to broaden your mind . 
( It's time to forget about the artifcial frontiers that our intellect has inflected on us . Prepare yourself for the greatest journey have ever made . Drea 
(m on until you've reached the edge of infinity . 
Infinity ; what does it mean to you ? 
A journey is best measured in friends not < PROPMALE > . 
thanks to all that have wished me a happy birthday so far 
Thank u all that have wished me a happy birthday 
Happy fucking birthday to me ... Yea right just pushing me closer to an early death 
Ooo lightning a storm is coming 
Im baby sitting a button 
\Dream on till you have reached the edge of infinity . \"" 
Why must things always go wrong sigh ... I just want a few more moments of happiness is that so much to ask for ? 
Woo flag spin off today i won with a total of 2510 drop spins afterwards i proceeded to drop to the ground and not move haha 
haha foamy the squirrel 
MWAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHHAHAHA i need to party now 
So what if you can see the darkest side of me no one can change this animal I have become 
veni vindi vici 
Watching zach lip sing its quite entertaining 
Veni Vendi Veci 
Veni Vindi Vici 
1st block Finite\ 
2nd Bio 2\ 
55 < PROPFEMALE > SAT prep\ 
3rd W131\ 
4th Band\ 
Anyone with the same classes ? 
just realized im missing a second block forth term and a 55 for the last half of the year 
Woo school shopping 
Deciding if my vision is really that necessary 
wow everything is so bright and sharp 
Hey < PROPFIRST > i stole those for myself haha\ 
im watching u 
NAKED TIME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
and i make killions on creepy porn ... \ 
im a genius 
now taking bids on < PROPFEMALE > \facsist\ " powell " 
anyone have a straight jacket for sell i need one for a project 
just registered for the SATS for nov 6 woo 
bored as fuck 
bored as hell someone help before this becomes serious and then die from it 
just one more day plz i dnt wanna wake up early 
Con Te Partiro 
Wake up in the morning feelin like ... Going back to sleep . 
Some say the world will end in fire , Some say in ice . From what I’ve tasted of desireI hold with those who favor fire . But if it had to perish twice , I think I know enough of hate To say that for destruction ice Is also great And would suffice . 
Some say the world will end in fire , \ 
Some say in ice . \ 
From what I've tasted of desire\ 
I hold with those who favour fire . \ 
But if it had to perish twice , \ 
I think I know enough of hate\ 
To say that for destruction ice\ 
Is also great\ 
And would suffice . 
You darkness , that I come from , \ 
\ 
I love you more than all the fires that fence in the world , \ 
For the fire makes a circle of light for everyone , \ 
And then no one outside learns of you . \ 
But the darkness pulls in everything :\ 
Shapes and fires , animals and myself , \ 
How easily it gathers them ! \ 
Powers and people . \ 
And it is possible a great energy\ 
Is moving near me . \ 
I have faith in nights . 
Nature's first green is gold , \ 
Her hardest < PROPFEMALE > to hold . \ 
Her early leaf's a flower ;\ 
But only so an hour . \ 
Then leaf subsides to leaf . \ 
So < PROPFEMALE > sank to grief , \ 
So < PROPFEMALE > goes down to day . \ 
Nothing gold can stay . 
U can freak out college kids at walmart when u speak french 
And so the change begins . Will i be there when it backfires 
Wondering what is next : isolation , diaster , or murder . Stay tuned for next time . 
Well ... 
GO BAND AND GUARD YOU DID AWESOME AND WILL DO EVEN BETTER NEXT TIME YAY HAHA 
Conducted today .... \ 
Get better soon < PROPFEMALE > or ... 
well well well ... 
Roll the dice of fate I am ready to begin the final game . 
Yawn I love naps 
Just got done appling at the < PROPMALE > institute really excited 
I will start school in july at the < PROPMALE > Institute hmmm this will be interesting but i will get done in three years 
nom nom nom yawn zzzzzzzzzZZzzzzzzZzzzzzZzzzzzzzzzzzzzZzzzzzzZZzzzzzzzzzz 
woo done for the day nappy time 
I made a pie nom nom 
Fire ... 
Every critique starts as a crumpet - < PROPFIRST > barnet 
Best night ever haha 
You are the exception ... 
You are the only exception ... 
IVE BEEN ACCEPTED !!!!!! 
Am always blown away on how the human mind seems that it must over analyze every fucking thing then is too stupid to understand the truth that is being spoken so that UGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Just need to sleep and not think of how people can be fucking morons ... NO COMMENTS ARE NEEDED HERE SO LETS NOT TEST MY < PROPFEMALE > OR SANITY RIGHT NOW ... 
U ready ? If not then you are going to be left in the dust cuz i am not waiting . 
Its not enough and the outcome is going to be a disater unless it is helped now please help before it is too late . 
unsure on what im gna be doing really really soon hmmmm 
0In life we are told to take the road less traveled and that when one door closes another opens but where does that get you ? It gets you lost in the middl 
0e of no where checking for unlocked doors . 
Nature's first green is gold , \ 
Her hardest < PROPFEMALE > to hold . \ 
Her early leaf's a flower ; \ 
But only so an hour . \ 
Then leaf subsides to leaf . \ 
Lets see if we can anymore littke blacks to put in things 
bored 
Thursday is the day then my left shoulder will be sore haha but first a hair cut monday that was the deal 
Tsk Tsk stick to the story or it will unravel before your eyes and you will be trapped 
Soon i will have my tattoo !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 
Done haha didnt really hurt 
Cnt sleep hopefully a cup of hot chamomile and mint tea can relax me 
We stand now where two roads diverge . But unlike the roads in < PROPFIRST > Frost's familiar poem , they are not equally fair . The road we have long been traveling is deceptively easy , a smooth superhighway on which we progress with great speed , but at its end lies disaster . The other fork of the road , one less traveled by , offers our last , our only < PROPMALE > to reach a destination that assures the preservation of our dreams . 
If you and I woke up in jail together , using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . 
Ok can i trade in my body this one sux 
Asset test today at < PROPFEMALE > hope i can make it there haha 
TOMORROW I PRETEND TO BE A TIME TRAVELER DAY DRESS UP HAHA 
OK PPL COMMENT IF UR DOING PRETEND TO BE A TIME TRAVELER DAY AND WHAT WHAT UR DOING FOR IT THANX HAHA 
Let's try this game-'people inbox you with a number then you write something about them in your status and use the number so that they know it's for them ' AND GO 
31 haha ur funny and i will have the wind chimes !!!!!!!! 
69 well ummm i dnt have words for u cept hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 
42 and 1423 haha i like being ur mascot and i hope i make practices more fun and well clap clap clap u hahaha 
187187 ummm yea i dnt like string cheese anymore so hahaha yea .... well at least string cheese that is flying through the air 
6 haha u make bio 2 more fun and well haha i cnt wait till its over but ill miss u and the other two oh dnt forget she can read an a < PROPFEMALE > in an average of 65 seconds 
0315 i like picking on u and the others in 55 it makes my day better haha 
2 you need how to learn how to share paper boca 
Ugh i love the winter till i get sick looks like im going no where tonight haha well thats great 
Who now owns all nine of the nox arcana albums ME !!!!!!!!!!! MWAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
3.2 days of music woot !!! 
Let It Snow ! Let It Snow !! Let It Snow !!! 
home before midnight hmm cool 
If they dnt call it who is gna help me make sure we dnt go to school ? 
any news on school tomorrow ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Wrightsman is actually a better < PROPFEMALE > than i could ever be ! I should really stop slacking ! 
FUCK IT I DNT FUCKING CARE ANYMORE I CAN TAKE OFF AN ENTIRE WEEK FOR EVERYONE ELSE BUT ONE DAY FOR ME IS TOO FUCKING MUCH BURN IN HELL FUCKER !!!!!!!!!!!!! SEE IF I EVER DO ANYTHING TO HELP YOU AGAIN 
counting down the days 
\Im never gonna get out of this town am I ? \ " \ " You can do anything you want . \ " \ " Yea sure ... \"" 
Well as they say when one door closes another opens but this time it remained locked and me without a key 
bored as hell 
woo New years yay home again alone woo 2011 
Ugh i need a replacement 
PLEASE put this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people won't copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons , 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with ... fire extinguishers and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post . ^.^ 
ugh so bored cmon 7pm 
\It's not whether you get knocked down 
not gna lie i like my profile pic 
Anyone want to join my village ? 
The village is open for now who wants in ? 
musical try outs were awesome we need more guys tho ... 
That ain't fucking worth it seriously people go somewhere else I dnt want to take ur fucking order and also u dnt need this to live matter a fact it wouldnt kill u to stop eating it or idk hit the treadmill !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
:( I wanna know the musical results ugh i hate this snow 
Woo i suck at bowling 
 = Can today get any fucking better computer completely crashed without warning tried a system recovery it said it finished restarted and now nothing just f 
 = reaking PERFECT !!!!!!! 
Woo computer crashed tried recovery said it finished restarted it and now its worse just freaking PERFECT !! 
Two to three weeks till i get my laptop back woo 
FINALLY BACK ONLINE !!!!!!!!!! 1 
this weekend might be the death of me or not idk yet 
I got a 1000 scholarship !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
So closed tonight just got home sat in a car eating speedway nachos in another persons driveway cuz they wouldnt answer the door . Good night ? I think so 
... and so I take the journey into the edge of night 
Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens . so bye 
When somebody loved me everything was beautiful and every hour we spent together lives within my heart and when sad I was there to dry her tears and when she was happy so was I When she loved me .... 
woo tennis ^_^ 
Happiness is a warm gun bang bang shoot shoot 
Countless hours of learning more countless hours of knowing less cant look behind you you have to look ahead so many doubts running through your mind all the excuses dont have the time all the rejection you have to leave behind leave it all behind and hold your dream dont ever let it go be yourself and the world take notice youll find strength when people bring you down they wil see if you would only only believe 
L202 paper must write ugh one more day 
HOME !!!!!!! 
