I sincerely wish I fit into a stereotype better . It'd provide a general road map for how I should act , what goals I should pursue , and the friends I pick . The haphazard patchwork quilt that is my life isn't really doing it for me . 

< PROPFIRST > NEEDS TO CHANGE HIS PASSWORD LOLOLOL but for real , if you see ol ' binz at school , ask him about his newly found flash drive D: 
GET ON MSN BINZ 
GET ON MSN MSN MSNMSN BINZ HOLY SHIT 
IT'S TRAINS ! LOTS AND LOTS OF TRAINS ! ORDER NOW AND GET THE FREE AUDIO CD WITH SING ALONG TRAIN SONGS SUCH AS THERE AS WE''VE BEEN WORKING ON THE RAILROAD . and thats about it 
just found out he has a twin o_O 
is questioning his sexuality ... I'm playing for both teams :] 
I'm pondering life ... Maybe it's not worth it ;_; 
I DO IT FOR THE LULZ , IM JUST LIKE OTHER TROLLS BINZ IS HIS NAME , OBVIOUSLY YOU SEE SORRY TO DISAPPOINT BUT THIS IS REALLY , < PROPFIRST > . I'VE HAD HIS PASS FOR QUITE A WHILE HE'S BECOME VERY HOSTILE , SO NOW I THINK IT'S TIME TO SAY FAREWELL ALSO , FUCK YOU < PROPFIRST > , ROT IN HELL . :] 
Ladies and gentlemen , The Game 
AND A < PROPFEMALE > SONG WAS ON , AND A < PROPFEMALE > SONG , AND A < PROPFEMALE > SONG WAS ON . SO I PUT MY HANDS UP THEY'RE PLAYING MY SONG . THE BUTTERFLIES FLY AWAY NODDING MY HEAD LIKE YEAH ? MOVING MY HIPS LIEK YEAH . ;3 
i like to pvp 
My New Year's resolution is to ensure other people don't stick to theirs . Most people won't stick to them anyway , so they might as well be able to put a name and a face to their failure . : q 
I just received my college acceptance letter from UT . :D 
Caprica <3 
Million Dollar Question ! 
Facebook Gold is AMAZING 
User scripts . <3 So far I have one that inverts the color and eliminates the ads of Google , one that changes the color of the text on Facebook , and one that allows me to loop Youtube videos . :D 
< PROPFIRST > binz is a pretty cool guy , eh has the initials JB and doesn't afraid of anything ! Except spiders . He's deathly afraid of those . 
The highlight of my day went from organizing a calculus binder to participating in a drive-by . Life is legitimately lulzy . 
< PROPFEMALE > Booth , < PROPMALE > Leavitt , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > wrote me letters of recommendation for college . Reading what they wrote made my heart turn all warm and fuzzy . :D 
LF people to do arena with me . :( 
The < PROPFEMALE > recruits I met today were unbelievably badass . I just wish I would have been able to keep up with them . :( 
Nightmare before Christmas is on SyFy right now . :D 
I have finals today and tomorrow . Rage at having to wake up early . (: 
So I came to Sky's house and tried to drink a gallon of milk in an hour . It didn't work out so well . :D 
Well , being mentioned in the valedictorian's speech made my day . :) Seeing members of the Booth and Boysen family also made for a pleasant experience . I am grateful for the great graduation , guys . :D 
My night turned out pretty well . :] 
I'm cleaning out my room and was wondering if anyone wanted any of my old binders . I have pre-AP biology , pre-AP chemistry , pre-AP physics , pre-AP med-term , sociology , and AP psychology . Oh , I also have a woefully unorganized pre-AP pre-cal folder . I originally planned on looking over them once I hit college , but I've come to the conclusion that I won't utilize the resource and they'll be a waste of space . :D 
I probably have the nicest phone I've ever had via the hand-me-down system . I also have a new number that I have been rather lazy about giving people , but should you ever possess the < PROPFEMALE > to contact me , hit me up at 361-212-6445 , yo . :D 
So I need a favor . I need people to comment or like the status if Ramen noodles is pronounced RAYmin noodles . Oh , and I am not really interested in opposing opinions so lie your heart out by liking , please . :] 
Nothing says being independent on Independence Day like being younger than 18 and not having a car . :D 
Apparently I'm unemployable . :) 
I really love having a vehicle . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Flores , < PROPMALE > Notz , and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > are pretty much my favorite people . :D 
Melancholy . :D 
Cops are a total killjoy when it comes to my speeding fetish . :) 
Girls may be a never-ending fountain of heartache and people may be inherently disloyal , but fuck , life's pretty fantastic . This summer has been nonstop adventure . :D 
Sometimes being ethical isn't ethical . :/ 
I thought about joining the Facebook group I Love The Way Half The People Can't Spell And yet Make A Group because quite a few of these Facebook groups have some serious spelling errors . However , the inconsistency of the group's use of capitalization in its name bothered me as much as a spelling error would have . * Yet . :D 
\From there < PROPFIRST > went up to < PROPFEMALE > . As he was \ 
I finally found a way to move the videos off my phone to a computer . I'm excited . :) 
This weekend was nothing short of fantastic . :D \ 
Monday is going to be a real killer , though . :/ 
Well , I had a feeling this day was going to be terrible . Fuck . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZjjxR0HqNE\ 
This video made my night . 
I just spent the last hour creating images in the sand at the volleyball court near my dorm . I can't help but feel I should be putting the time spent being an insomniac to better use . (: 
I had two seminars to attend for biology and chemistry today . One was about the physiology of dogs and the other was about the importance of computational chemistry . Take a guess as to which one was more enjoyable . :D 
I go in Saturday night hearing rumors of this epic gathering at a friend's; try to save a dying armadillo ; see < PROPFEMALE > Booth for two seconds ; kindly told to gtfo out of said party ; have a blast at < PROPFIRST>'s; take up residence in an abandoned house ; explore the surrounding area the next day , ending up with awesome zombie survival gear ; and once I return to Seguin , we have to hustle for gas money for their ride home . :D 
Remember everything dies down eventually . \ 
Remember everything dies . \ 
Remember everything . \ 
Remember . 
is in a dorm room . There are two exits : windows with roof access EAST and a door that leads into the dorm WEST . There exists a bottle of EXPIRED MILK , a primitive CELL PHONE , unused SAFETY GOGGLES , and an IDENTIFICATION BADGE in his inventory . Possible available weapons include a PEN , a LAPTOP , a LIGHTER , and a set of KEYS . There have been reports of an attack on campus , but info is sketchy at this point . What do ? 
I apparently lost my phone somewhere on campus in a place with no phone reception , which essentially narrows it down to all of the school . I also looked in the mirror a few minutes ago and realized that the burning sensation I felt on my face whenever I was handling the hydrochloric acid in a lab probably should have been washed off sooner . Awesome . 
Goals for my life :\ 
1 . Obtain a B.A. in Chemistry/Biology . \ 
2 . Go into the military . \ 
3 . Become a janitor at a prestigious place . \ 
4 . Die alone in Alaska . \ 
In that order . 
I locked myself out of my room late last night without so much as a phone or anything to entertain me . I ended up crashing out on one of the couches in the lounge and didn't really leave the couch until I heard one of the RAs moving about the next day . Worst Saturday night ever . :) 
I checked my grades for the mid-semester and noticed something interesting . The more a professor liked me , the more likely he/she was to give me a terrible grade . For example , my biology professor who always laughs at my jokes has me at a C and my theology professor who no longer calls on me to answer any of the questions has me at an A . I wonder if I need to clarify that I'm not all that into academic masochism . : q 
Four day weekend . (: 
My laptop overheated , my CPU is fried , my saved documents are lost , and my pillow case is incinerated . I'm so incredibly irate right now . :) 
\I can only express feelings in molecules and compounds . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > :D " 
In the past few months I've wrecked my car , lost my phone to water damage , and burned up my computer . In the past few days I've been given an iPhone 4 , purchased a pretty nice laptop ( the screen resolution is a ridiculous 1600 x 900 ) , and am in the midst of talks for a new car . I love living in a world where past behavior is independent of how one is rewarded . Seriously , life's great . 
The bio test today wasn't all that enjoyable due to my lack of preparation . The two reactants needed for chemiosmosis to happen are love and encouragement , right ? :/ 
Meowmith gives you this message : partypartypartymeowththatsright . :) 
\There's three kinds of truths : truths 
The customization of the Chrome web browser has me falling in love . :D \ 
http://tinyurl.com/facebookonchrome 
The more you begin to know , the more you begin to value not knowing . Ignorance is bliss . Ignorance is love and I need that shit . : q 
Remember that you as an individual are weak . It is only when are en masse that we as a people can become inconquerable . Follow the philosophy of the zombie . Become part of the collective horde and satiate your lust for brains . If you find the taste of brains distasteful for whatever reason , then turn brains into a metaphor and seek out knowledge . If we are relentless in our efforts , success is ours . 
Lee : My new life goal is to break into Area 51 . I would be a legend if successful . \ 
Me : Yeah ? Well , I'm currently torn between being a geneticist who brings back the dinosaurs or a virologist who engineers a zombie virus as mine . \ 
Lee : Your life goal is to either bring back the dinosaurs or create zombies ? You're a terrible person . \ 
\ 
:D 
In a world where Facebook is wrought with word waste , who are we to blame ? The people who are only following the latest trends ? The people who encourage the spammers in their efforts for their own selfish motives ? Facebook for providing an environment for such activities to prosper ? Or should we blame human nature itself ? I can't wait until they offer a Facebook philosophy class in college . :) 
I don't really care for my schedule next semester too much . The college I'm at is small enough to ensure that there is little to no variety concerning when my classes are offered , but large enough to still screw me over by having the few they offer to fill up fast . When I first started to register , I seriously contemplated if I was going to end up being a science < PROPMALE > without any science classes . >.> 
\If it smells it's chemistry . If it crawls it's biology . If it doesn't work it's physics . \ " \ 
Great weekends make for terrible Mondays . (: 
Last night was a bit fuzzy . All I know is that I woke up with a phone that had 343 new photos and videos I am going to have to sort through later and that I have a < PROPFEMALE > to fight < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for some reason . (: 
Sometimes I feel like a Pokemon because of my really limited moveset . All I do is Argue , Flirt , Joke , and Smiley Face . Seriously . Smiley face , smiley face , smiley face . :D 
Today was the last day of the chemistry lab . After we were done with the lab , we were to take out the stuff from or drawers , so the < PROPFEMALE > could take inventory . On average I had twice as much stuff as what we were supposed to have . My glassware had a ridiculous population explosion over the semester . The < PROPFEMALE > asked me why I had so much stuff and I shrugged my shoulders , saying I must be a kleptomaniac . : q 
I am glad the week is over . I have a feeling I am going to be bunkered down in Seguin for a weekend or two because of finals , but it's whatever . It's been a while since I've had the privilege of experiencing prolonged social isolation of a soul crushing nature . :D 
I like how my sleep schedule is worse whenever I have a dorm room to myself than whenever I am out partying . I'm going to go eat breakfast at the dining hall and then go to bed . ( The fact that the school's breakfast has become my dinner is actually something that amuses me greatly . ) Anyway , tomorrow should be interesting . 
I slept through the lunch and dinner that's offered at the dining hall , so I went to Lucky's to grab some food . While there I learned that I have 90 \dining dollars\ " to spend between here and Saturday because they will expire at the end of the semester . Time to dine like a < PROPMALE >." 
Things I learned Monday :\ 
1 . iPhone apps are highly addictive . I literally lost hours out of my day . \ 
2 . My ID card has a bend in it that is making it unreadable . \ 
This is ironic since I recently discovered I have a huge cash surplus on it . \ 
3 . Someone found the flash drive I left in the ASC , \ 
and after an awkward conversation with the person via e-mail , \ 
he decided to just drop it off at the lost and found for me . :3 
Like it or not we live in interesting times . 
I have unaccepted friend requests from a guy with Simba as his display pic , someone with Batman as his display pic , and someone with the self-proclaimed aliases of \the furry\ " and \ " rodent\ " . Sometimes I worry I attract the wrong kind of people . " 
Too many cops , not enough sleep . I love < PROPFEMALE > . 
Facebook tells me I have birthdays for < PROPFIRST > Barbosa , Brandt Barnard , and Clarke Brockman . The fact that these three people have a birthday today is really interesting because of their initials : AB , BB , and CB . 
Cashback is the movie I've been waiting for ever since I first saw Clockstoppers . The movie also makes me want to expose my children to nothing but British movies in order to toy with the accents they'll grow up having . :) 
There's a famous Christmas song that talks about how all this kid wants is his two front teeth . I kind of went the opposite way on that one and had two of mine removed a few days ago . I hope < PROPFEMALE > Claus brings me stronger pain medication . :( 
I learned two things tonight . 1 . I am pretty awesome at telling girls the opposite of what they want to hear . : q 2 . Fireworks lit inside the house often blow up inside the house , regardless of the efforts made to put them out . Tonight was all right . 
Apathy crossed with impulse makes for an interesting series of consequences . :D 
I hate waking up with the smells of smoke and death still clinging to my clothes . I don't know why I thought going to bed would have served as a some sort of substitute for a shower . 
I loved 2010 . The last semester of high school , the summer , and my first semester at a four year university were all amazing . Well , maybe not so much the last one . All in all 2010 will be marked as one of my favorite years . 
I need to take a break from people as a whole . Fuck . 
I am working against someone with an intelligence network greater than my own . I am not pleased . :3 
I was on the phone with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and it ended up leading to a conversation about how we first met . It was over MSN , so she conveniently had all the logs saved for us to go look through . Apparently the first things I ever told her were that she should get the fuck out [ of the conference conversation ] and that she looked creepy . (: I used to be so good with people . I don't know what happened . 
My vehicle is finally street legal and able to drive . Amusingly enough , this has done little to increase my < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out with anyone . :3 Oh , and apparently my weird electrical problems were due to the crack I had in my taillight . The mechanic told me I was lucky my vehicle didn't go up in flames . :) 
Lies travel fast . That's why it's best to spread your own , particularly about yourself . When you blitzkrieg people with a lot of information , it desensitizes them and leads to other fun consequences . The truth , more often than not , is a boring thing . People need to live a little and lie a lot . :D 
I ran out of gas in the middle of town tonight and tried to get home by putting a dollar's worth into the tank . This used to be a surprisingly common occurrence back in the summer , but it's nice to see that 2011 shouldn't be much different than 2010 . ( It was also entertaining to see < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > try to reenact certain scenes from Tron on the streets . ) 
It seems that no matter what world domination game I play , the advantage always goes to the player who starts in Africa . The real world Africans really messed up on their advancement strategy . Seriously , we should all be talking in clicks right now . :3 
I left my vehicle in front of a business last night and my step-brother called me to tell me that they were towing it . I raced into town and arrived just as they had loaded it on the tow truck . I convinced them to let me have it back free of charge , but what a close call . D: 
My breath smells like pills and booze . I hate starting the day off with a daily vitamin and a swig of mouthwash . 
Today I walked into an automatic door . I also sat in on a < PROPMALE > level psychology class for forty minutes before I realized I wasn't in the right place . I need to start paying more attention to my environment . The problems I have in my life are simply too ridiculous . 
I've been catching up on some textbook reading and I've come into contact with quite a few people while doing so . One person told me that he thought it was crazy I had work to do already . Another person said that he saw me at a party that was busted by the cops in < PROPFEMALE > . And another person walked by simply shaking his head , commenting that I always forget everything . It seems like I'm developing an image . 
I know this is probably a common sentiment and I am expressing it a bit late , but the mandatory switch to the new profile has me raged . I hate change , particularly when it's for the worse . The only neat thing about it is the top friends feature , although it's a pretty poor indicator of the people I'm actually friends with . Half the people Facebook has on there don't even like me that much . : q 
Every time I look in the mirror , it seems the dark circles under my eyes are becoming worse and worse . Maybe I need some rehab . Or maybe just need some sleep . Or maybe I should stop listening to Ke$ha , as just listening to her music may be making me the victim of secondhand partying and all the consequences that accompany such a thing . : q 
Trains seem to make crazy drivers out of us all . I was two red lights before the train when I witnessed the driver in front of me taking a left onto a one-way street . I meanwhile waited for the light to turn green so I could follow the huge wave of cars that went into the opposite < PROPFIRST > to to turn left on Main st. < PROPFEMALE > is certainly not a virtue on < PROPFEMALE > roadways . :) 
I almost got arrested . I'm so raged . : q < PROPFIRST > Crater and < PROPFIRST > Overby are my saviors . : q 
I was supposed to write a paper about whether I was a lone wolf or a team player , but ended up writing one about how awesome I am . My conclusion is me stating how I'm a T-rex who humors the herbivores around him by eating leaves with them . My essays always turn out weird . 
This weather makes me want to go clubbing . Why does my college not have seals ? D: 
The first thing I did when I woke up was scare a pair of black children out of my sister's house . Feels good man . : q 
One day I wanna copy someone's status word for word and see if they notice 
If you're not part of the solution , you're part of the precipitate . 
I love how someone changed the TV in the dining hall from ESPN to Cartoon Network . It's been a while since I've seen I've had my Pokemon fix . : q 
It's been a week and my bread mold fungus has yet to grow . There are other groups who have had their fungus practically become sentient and develop a lust for human flesh . Why won't the gods allow me a soulless abomination so I can write my lab report already ? D: 
In my psych & life class , my professor lectured on gender differences . She asked the class what kind of video games were marketed toward guys . The class responded with violent ones . She then asked the same question for girls . This kid said none , but the professor disagreed . She said girls had games like < PROPFEMALE > and Pokemon . Apparently playing Pokemon was really teaching me how to be a better housewife . Feels bad man . 
The TV series Caprica was amazing . Imagine the Matrix crossed with the Terminator crossed with a universe where a polytheistic religion with Greek gods was the norm . Seriously , praise Zeus for Caprica . :D 
/drama 
Today was interesting . An otherwise normal trip to the dining hall led to a few rounds of shots , an after-hours trip to a veterinary clinic , and me losing a pretty big bet . Life has a habit of taking us interesting places . 
I am glad that for lab reports we don't have to write out the procedure that we actually followed during the experiment . Otherwise I'm sure half my steps would be some variant of : bombard the < PROPFEMALE > with questions , almost cause horrific accident , and panic . 
Tonight was interesting . And not the cool interesting . It was the sort of interesting that would describe me being stuck in the middle of nowhere in a broken down truck with a passed out driver and having to traverse a fucking wilderness to find my rescue party . Good night everyone . : q 
Incarceration was a total blast . :D I just got out on bail , but I'll have the pictures and the story concerning what happened up later . (: 
Someone should play Words With Friends with me . :D Add jaybeezurr , pl0x . : q 
Anyone want to go eat ? 
I took off my shorts and shirt to get in a hot tub , and my shorts and shirt end up becoming more wet than my boxers . Rageface . 
So I ended up leaving the party last night with the wrong pair of sandals and didn't notice until we were at Port Aransas . It's cool , though , because sandals are actually a lot nicer . I also dove into a car that was driving off and injured my nose . It's cool , though because I never liked my nose much anyway . :P Spring Break has been pretty alright . 
I hate when I have to kill the same bug over and over again . I mean since when did insects become immortal ? I ended up having to separate its body into several pieces just to have some peace of mind , but I swear the pieces are slowly crawling toward each other in an effort to recreate itself . 
The pilot for Adventure Time had < PROPMALE > and Finn riding penguins . The first real episode of the show had Finn fighting < PROPFEMALE > people zombies . Awesome . :) 
I woke up to birds chirping outside my window . I can already tell today is going to be a bad day . :) 
I've been remembering a lot more of my dreams this semester than is normal for me . I just woke up from one tonight that had me breaking into a house I used to live in and being confronted by a do-gooder teenage neighbor as I was leaving who I told to come at meet me . He ended up pulling a Bowie knife and I woke up literally bicycle kicking . : 0 
I have been using a coin flip to decide whether I should go to class or not the last few weeks in an attempt to let fate decide . It would seem fate would only have me attend half my classes . :) 
Anyone want to fist fight me this weekend ? I'm feeling a < PROPMALE > down , so I'm interested in indulging in a little Fight Club to cheer myself up . Hit me up if you're game . :P 
I love < PROPMALE > 
I just spent the last thirty minutes trying to tell my mom that the place she wanted to plant the tree didn't line up with the rest of the trees like she said she wanted . When I told her she was wrong , she told me I need to join the military . I hate landscaping . :) 
I've lost so many clothes over the course of the night . I hate my life . </3 
My Friday night ended with me walking five < PROPMALE > through < PROPFEMALE > shirtless and wearing only one sandal . I can't help but feel I made a wrong decision somewhere . : q 
I am pleased to have more people on my news feed wishing Hitler a happy birthday than anything else . Silly hipsters . :) 
I am a pine tree on a mountainside . Life's good when you're a tree . :) 
I went to go eat breakfast at the dining hall , and on my way back to the dorm there was this chick in a huge white dress taking professional pictures by a dumpster . I rushed upstairs to grab my camera , but they were already walking away by the time I approached . :( 
As you may have seen from the news feed , a vile villain died on May 1 . I would just like to agree with the masses in proclaiming that this is true . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Goebbels . <3 
I spent most of the night trying to smuggle a dog into a dorm room , and now I'm too exhausted to study for my chemistry final tomorrow . :( 
R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . You will be missed . : q 
