I am so confused by facebook :( 

WHAT A NEW YEARS PARTY , sheesh ! 
Time to dig deep into this thing , I feel socially isolated . 
A message to BP , the federal government , or whoever ... PLUG THE GODDAMN OIL LEEK YA FOOLS ! 
Run from park rangers , they're known to steal weed . 
CAMPING TOMARROW !!! Excited . 
Talking philosophy during a thunder/lightning storm is pretty epic . 
Apparently my subconsious has decided it's okay to pee in random places inside . Definitly not cool . Memo to self : USE THE TOILET DAMNIT ! 
Rain for 3 days , pretty awesome . 
If my soul made music . It'd sound like The Black Keys . No kidding . Fuck . 
Bought a keyboard . Time to try and learn sheet music , oi vei . 
Contrary to popular belief , I love you all . 
It's so cool that after all these years ... I still wanna play Diablo 2 . 
Must climb mountain !!! 
When , in the course of human events , it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another , and to assume among the powers of the earth the separate and equal station to which the laws of nature and of nature's God entitle them , a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation . 
Why is it SO hard for some people to go camping ? ARG 
Went camping , got a flat in BFE , got a new tire from a < PROPFIRST > Manson look alike , paid in reefer . Thank God for crazy stoner mountain guys ! 
Darkness brings , terrible things ... 
Lords of Acid and My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult next week . Then Silversun Pickups . Thrice the week before ... Man concerts are fun ! 
Goal : Not to change peoples minds , but make them think . 
< PROPMALE > grands ne sont grands que parce que nous sommes à genoux : Levons-nous . \ 
Ní uasal aon uasal ach sinne bheith íseal : Éirímis . 
Starcraft 2 = Epicness incarnate ! 
Can anyone tell me ... What is the deal with the furry boots ? Woman make such a huge deal about body hair ... Then they wear HAIRY ASS SHOES ! WTF ?! 
Metal Band Of The Year : Abominable Iron Sloth 
Ideas are like fire . Human minds are the forest ... \ 
We should all strive to be pyros . 
SILVERSUN PICKUPS TOMARROW !!! ( massive excitement ) 
Reinventing the way we sell things , one t-shirt at a time ! ( Just don't expect to make much money , I don't really like buying random strangers t-shirts ! ) 
SILVERSUN TONIGHT OMFG 
New #1 Hero : < PROPFIRST > Assange 
I forgot how much being home alone sucks . 
Yeah ... I'm going to hell . But I'll have all the best stories to tell . 
Wednsday . Halfway . Come quickly weekend . I need you for my sanity . 
Work road trip tonight !! Meeker here I come ! 
Burning man . I hear you coming ...! 
Anyone wanna give me a job ? I'm tired of working for facists . 
You buy furniture . You tell yourself , this is the last sofa I will ever need in my life . Buy the sofa , then for a couple years you're satisfied that no matter what goes wrong , at least you've got your sofa issue handled . Then the right set of dishes . Then the perfect bed . The drapes . The rug . Then you're trapped in your lovely nest , and the things you used to own , now they own you . 
Thanks for the Subway sandwich 711 lady ! You treat me so well ! 
May I never be complete . May I never be content . May I never be perfect . 
5 days . 
2 days . 
Less then 24 hours . 
9 HOURS BITCHES . 
3 hours ! 
Where was I last week ? 
361 beers on the wall , knock one down , pass it around ... 
To all of you I met at Burning Man ... I fucking love you . 
Maybe I should try sprinkling Playa on my eggs or something ... 
Man ... It hurts to care . 
My phone is off . No one call it please . Will have a new one soon , maybe . 
New number 7204954745 . 
Lesson for today : Look up before you lift your arms into the air . Ow . 
So , just got back from New York . Hopefully my future home . Epic . 
So , I've come to the conclusion that my little sister is a SITH LORD ! 
Anyone want a job ? All you have to do is beat the shit out of me everytime I try to smoke a cigarette . This is a contract job . 5$ a pop . Let's get this economy going ! 
RIP Mr. < PROPMALE > . You were crazy , and we loved you for that . 
Excuse me . Im drunk . Fuck you my cat died . Fuck . 
After all these years ... Rolling down the stairs drunk is still fun . And still painful the next day . 
I love everyone . Except you . Yes , you . 
Greeks are epic . Philosophy , and awesome , AWESOME food . 
Wealth is a means to an end , not the end itself . 
Laughter shall fuel your spirits engine . 
The greatest gift , in my mind , that you can give someone ... Is to show them something grand that they've never seen before . Pretty much my goal in life . I am so utterly and stupidly thankful for that oppurtunity . And even more so thankful to those whose eyes are open to this awesome planet we live on , and the epic fun it can deliver . Thank you all for being you . Think I finally decompressed , :: sigh :: . 
Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken . 
I'm young enough to be all pissed off , \ 
But I'm old enough to be jaded . \ 
I'm of the age where I want things to change , \ 
But with age my hopes have faded . \ 
I'm young and bored of being young and bored –\ 
If I was old I could say I'd seen it all before . \ 
In short , I'm tired , and in short I'm probably fired . \ 
If the revolution doesn't want me I don't give a shit . 
I listened to Smashing Pumpkins when I was little . Sorry . 
I feel like I did a great injustice . Goddamnit . 
Opeth really gets me in the Halloween mood . 
Segui il tuo corso e lascia dir < PROPFEMALE > genti 
That which does not remain in motion is in a state of static decay . Only through progression can we hope to achieve anything . 
Oi . In Soviet Russia , corn field plow YOU ! 
So I took < PROPFIRST>'s advice and am attempting to write a book . Tentative title : Generation Fuck It . Pray to your heathen Gods that I might actually finish it . 
Colorado , it is of thee , \ 
Dark land of tyranny , \ 
Of thee I sing ;\ 
Land wherein labor's bled , \ 
Land from which law has fled , \ 
Bow down thy mournful head , \ 
Capital is < PROPMALE > . 
This might be the craziest thing EVER ! http://us.akinator.com/# 
Only hours remain . 
Hey everyone , if your bored today ... GO VOTE FUCKERS ! 
Got called for a job interview at 2 , didn't sleep last night , look like a crackhead . Pray to your heathen Gods folks !!! 
Tea < PROPFIRST > gave me + Wheel of Time + Kitties = Win morning 
Some friends , are just better not had . 
Wheel of Time = Liquid epicness forged into book form 
I realized I read at about 1 < PROPFEMALE > a minute ... Gonna have to record this better . 
Finished Wheel of Time . Shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit . 
Why is my rice always hard ahhhhhhhhhhh !!! Fail . 
Ghostland Observatory makes me happy . Very . 
Children of Men just toppled Fight Club as my favorite movie ever . All hail the new champion of movie-dom . 
I'm not ignoring you all after 7 oclock on purpose . Been going to bed early and waking up at 5:30 . 
Ahhhh phone charger where are you ?! 
Fucking Kyuss ... Best shit ever . It's been too long . 
Does a hammer ever wish it was something greater then a hammer ? Doubt it ... 
How many guys out there have a chainsaw instead of a hand ? One , mother fucker , one . 
Band of the week , Death From Above 1979 . 
Dobby the house elf = BADASS 
Lord of the Rings time with the wife . Nerdism woot . 
The job-man cometh . 
\Every time we witness an act that we feel to be unjust and do not act we become a party to injustice . \"" 
Im gonna be a carpenter like Jesus . Starting tomorrow . Wish me luck ! 
I sold 8 hours today . Mmmmhmmmmmm . 
Just realized Silversun Pickups is my favorite band . After realizing that the Silversun Pickups concert was my favorite concert . If you could express my brainwaves into musical form I'd hope it would sound something like them . 
I worked harder today then I have in my whole life . Carrying 150-200 pound poles down 5 flights of stairs for 4 hours . Among other crazy madness . So goddamned satisfying . 
Ow my body is broken !!! 
If it had not been for the discontent of a few fellows who had not been satisfied with their conditions , you would still be living in caves . Intelligent discontent is the mainspring of civilization . \ 
Progress is born of agitation . It is agitation or stagnation . 
Alright everyone , im off to work in Pueblo for a few days . Yippie ! Don't let anything crazy happen while i'm gone . 
Lonely night ... 
I asked the owner of the company I work for today where to put my completed time card ... And he told me to throw it away . How bold ! I like him . 
When I got home from work , I had so much concrete mix on me that I thought I'd turn into a statue in the shower . 
New Years party at Case < PROPMALE > Sasquatch tonight . Come one come all ! Kegs and bow-ties ! 
Cigarettes explode on unknown and darkened midnight roads ... \ 
Through cavernous canyons gently caressing cyclopean cliffs , \ 
In desolate desert dystopias , dehydrated and asphyxiated , \ 
Over idle forests , interweaving intricately in unthought symmetry ... 
Dearest Earth , I love you , but I think we should see other people . 
Daddy was a rollin ' stone , he rolled away one day , and he never came home ! Oooo 
DEFTONES AT THE OGDEN ON A FRIDAY ! ( so excited for this ) 
Ghostland Observatory Feb 26th , who wants to go !? 
Almost time to buy ticket to go home ... Excited ! 
DID SOMEONE GIVE ME A SWIRLY LAST NIGHT ?! 
7 degrees is warm ? Fucking aye it is !!! 
Time is money , friend . 
Is it just me or does a Burning Man ticket kinda feel like the < PROPFEMALE > ticket in < PROPMALE > Wonka ? 
Eating banana bread on the balcony of a 16th floor apartment is pretty epic 
Everyone , 1 band I should check out , go ! 
Dillinger Escape Plan ... Where have you been all my life ? 
¡Mira ! Hablo español ! 
Ghetto Chinese = ?????????? 
I need some concrete cut ! 
Okay I know alot of you think video games are lame ... But raining mortars down upon Nazis is so fricken fun ! 
Oh paper route how I love thee ! 
Thanks for all the happy birthdays everyone !!! Love you all ! 
I'd rather run my < PROPMALE > over with my car then go to Strabucks . Fuck you . 
This weather is love . 
Excited for birthday party ... I need your love . 
My gears they grind \ 
More each day \ 
And I feel like \ 
They're gonna grind away ... \ 
\ 
And the city blocks\ 
They drive me wild \ 
They're never ending \ 
Mile after mile ... 
I realized last night ... If my friends ruled the world , everyone would speak in falsetto . 
Hunker down , it's gonna be coooold tonight . 
What kind of devil virus is this anyways ... Fuck . 
Battle on you white blood cells , battle on !!! 
?! 
Running out of wiper fluid in Colorado SUCKS . Worst way to almost die EVER ! 
Football would be better if they had swords too . 
I found an awesome jacket at the thrift store ... And I went to pay for it ... And they lady goes \We can't sell this to you . \ " And walks away . I never saw the jacket again ... those dirty bitches . " 
Burning Man ticket ! Woohoo !! 
For someone who champions the idea of change ... It's not very fun when your not the one causing it . 
Queens of the Stone Age concert soooon wooooooo ! 
I had a dream me and my girlfriend were captured by < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > Castro . I then ended up making good buddies with < PROPMALE > and we talked about AK-47s and played video games . What the fuck . 
The person you should be most critical of in this world is yourself . 
Frey is my last name . 
Hangover from Hell .... Ow . 
I really love my friends . That's only count em , FOUR beers talking . Thank you . 
April is going to be a great , great month . 
Oooo too much pizza ... :( 
Dear everyone who bought tickets to the concert I want to see on April 8th then put them up for sale on ebay and craigslist for tons of money , go fuck yourselves . Thank you . 
Never fight a land war in < PROPFEMALE > . 
Coffee OD coffee OD AHHH ! 
It's gonna be a niiiiice day . Time to go outside ! 
So , there's about 3 people living in the little forested trail area by my house ... One even has a tent set up now . 
Facebook , your not entertaining me tonight , goodbye . 
Cymothoa exigua , yum . 
\Just because you have the biggest gun\ 
Time to head to the hills . Thank you , Sun . 
I am the human incarnation of a complete laque of discipline . 
Time for some metal tainted fun tonight ! 
Don't let me wonder away drunk downtown anymore , geesh . 
I'll see all you lovely burners later ! 
My cats eat better then most people on this planet . Sad . 
Rest in peace , yesterday . 
HIKE HIKE HIKE !!! 
Ow 
3 wishes . None of the more wishes bullshit . Go ! 
Tuesdays ... Pfft . 
American Public Debt = 93% of GDP . That's $14 trillion . \ 
GDP growth is only at 2.9% . \ 
While our main competitions ' is 10.46% . \ 
We need to do things differently . 
Listen guys , we get fucked up every weekend . I'm not even < PROPFEMALE > . I'm going to demonstrate this by staying as sober as I possibly can all weekend . I don't like gingers and I don't like Bono that's for damn sure . Leprachauns are stupid . Like shitty genies . The color green isn't even that good . So shove it , St < PROPFIRST > . 
The < PROPFEMALE > was huge tonight ... And so was I with dead dreams . 
Being sick is SO LAME ! 
Another message to all you ticket scalpers who are more then likely going to prevent me from seeing my favorite band ever ... Fuck off , and die . 
Why yes < PROPFEMALE > ... \ 
We all float down here . 
< PROPFEMALE > beams dripping out of the sky like liquid ... \ 
Light flooding all the oceans with flowing fluorescence ... \ 
Igniting waves of neon lava crashing over the continents ... \ 
Sometimes , I'm pretty content . 
( < PROPFIRST > im stealing this , thanks ! )\ 
What would you do if you woke up tomorrow and the american dollar was worthless ? 
So Ghostland Observatory and Thievery Corporation are playing Red Rocks in August ... Epic win . 
Dear Lungs , I know we've had our differences ... We hurt each other , alot . Can we just get along from now on though ? I'll try and treat you better if your less , well , painful . 
I need to go to Burning Man . My soul needs rejuvinated . 
Goodbye Mr. Smiles . Hello stranger . 
Sparticus is an epic fucking TV show . It's got alot of balls . Literally . 
NO MORE CIGARETTES !!! Fuck you you cruel ass capitalist addiction . 
EVIL CIGARETTES AHHH !!! 3 days ... I already want to kill everyone . 
Fuck . Your . Couch . 
Musinex I love you . 
I have officially sold my soul for you Queens of the Stone Age . We both should have known it would come to this . 
Alright , I've decided to become a conservative Christian ! Hallelujah ! 
One step closer to Queens of the Stone Age epicness . Thy will be done !!! 
I wish I had a dollar for everytime someone told me they were going to do something , then didn't . 
I HAVE A QUEENS OF THE STONE AGE TICKET WOOHOO ! 
??? ????? ???? ???? ????, ??? ??? ?? ??? 
4 days ' til some Homme love . Sofuckingexcited . 
NEW JOB WEDNSDAY NEW JOB WEDNSDAY ! PRAISE THE METAL GODS !!! 
All hail April , the new best month ever ! 
< PROPFIRST > Raimi directed Spartacus , no wonder it's so badass . 
Fuck I totally have that new job smell today ... How long does this last ? Like a month ? 
\Thanks for the kind words 
