Happy New Year ! 

blah blah blah . 
has become WAY too cynical and pessimistic . 
has tie-dye ink on her hands and feet ! 
is making an effort to see the best in people and situations . 
is trying to discover what feeds her soul . 
just is . 
: procrastinating is not a good way to start off the day or week . 
The last of the human freedoms : to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances . -- Viktor E . Frankl ( paraphrased ) 
: happy 4th ! 
is reading about institutional and student assessment ( but would rather not be ) . 
is exhausted with a long day ahead and a BIG pile of work . 
Please vote for VBS < PROPMALE > video ( see link below) ! 
Who knew that disambiguation is another word for writer's block ? I think I'll start using that . It sounds more disturbing . 
: sometimes a good cry makes everything better . 
is doing homework and packing : ) 
resigned to the fact that I will have to take homework and work to New Orleans with me . It's all good though ! At least my office is clean ! 
Will be leaving @ 5:30 Tuesday morning ! 
Ready to leave for a 26 hour bus ride ... will be tweeting from bus and trip ! 
Awake but sick and still tired even after sleeping all day yesterday . Felt good to sleep in my own bed after 10 days of sleeping in hotel/bus/tent . 
still behind on homework ... it's not like me ... I usually procrastinate , but I always get my work done . 
Finished homework and am now watching True Blood . 
finally , True Blood is starting to match up with the books ( with a few exceptions ) . 
has 600+ new emails after being on vacation for 2 weeks . Ridiculous ! 
is preparing to head back into the real world tomorrow and is trying to channel some positive energy from vacation to keep things in perspective . 
refuses to succumb to the temptation of negativity ... 
is wishing she had seen < PROPFEMALE > in Chains in concert back in the day . 
is finally catching up from vacation . 
wants to paint , blog and run around barefoot in a meadow . 
< PROPFIRST > Vick ? Really ? Why take the PR hit for a player who isn't even going to play ? I hope Philly gives the animal torturing idiot the \welcome\ " he deserves . " 
\Open up your eyes and see like me/ open up your plans and damn you're free/ open up your heart and you'll find that the sky is yours ... \"" 
Monday , Monday .... 
Was it just me or was the acting on True Blood this week really , really good ? I loved the subtle nuisances . 
is writing , writing , writing ! 
went off grid for a while , but I'm trying to be back ! 
Fighting against the overwhelming urge to crawl back into bed and pull the covers over my head . 
Got a new hair color and cut tonight . I walked in the door , and < PROPFIRST > said \hi < PROPFEMALE >\" ( a la < PROPFEMALE > Danes circa 1994 ) . Great .... " 
I would say TGIF , but this weekend entails back-to-back events and work . 
Operating on one hour of sleep . Ugh . 
is determined to take charge of her professional life . Finally . 
GOOOOO PHILLIES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Has had a really hard few months but is trying to move forward . 
Gearing up for a busy week and wishing I would stop feeling sick already ! 
needs to clean -- my least favorite things in the world to do . 
had an very productive day ! 
is sorting it all out . 
is soooo happy to have the heat working again after coming home to a very cold house . 4 hours and a < PROPMALE > of $$$ later , we have heat just in time for bed . 
possible snow ... really ??? ugh . 
Thinking about trying to score < PROPFEMALE > in Chains tix at 10 a.m. Saturday -- wondering if it's better than nothing or if I will regret not seeing them years ago even more than I already do ( sigh ) . 
Let it snow ! 
Just watched the new \Star Trek\ " movie and can't believe how much I liked it ! " 
I think that Carcillo shouldn't get punished more than he already has been . When you watch the replay , < PROPMALE > dropped his gloves too , he just wasn't fast enough . Thoughts ? 
is starting the week with a positive attitude . 
It's amazing how < PROPFIRST > Iverson has single-handedly made Philadelphia basketball exciting again . GO SIXERS !!!!! 
I highly recommend checking out Izzy Stradlin's solo work if you're not familiar with it . Really , really , REALLY good stuff -- from the Ju Ju Hounds through \Smoke\ " ( released last week ) . " 
Editing magazine copy and listening to < PROPFIRST > Casablancas . 
Happy belated holiday wishes to everyone . I feel so out of the FB loop ! 
thinks the Eagles made a mistake by not signing Dawkins : ( 
is very very happy to have off this week ! 
is totally freaking out b/c her work Macbook DIED and not everything is backed up . Here's to hoping IT can work its magic . 
Well , the data on the HD is not recoverable . I think I'm still in shock . 
hates mornings . 
is possibly more tired than ever before . Okay , that's an exaggeration , but you get the picture . 
Why does it only snow on weekends ? 
GO SAINTS !!!!!! 
LOVE the winer Olympics . Awesome run Bode ! 
ahhhh !!! < PROPFIRST > White beats his own score on the victory lap and gives the fans a dlb McTwist in the process . Amazing ! 
At my last youth gathering . It's a bitter sweet moment , but I know it's time to pass the torch . 
I've been lamenting the continued use of NHL players in Olympic hockey . That being said , the US vs Canada game was intense & exciting . < PROPFIRST > Miller rocks ! 
Gold medal game today at 3 . CAN'T WAIT ! 
Is anyone else freaking out about that game-tying goal . USA !!!! 
oh yuck . < PROPFIRST > Miller is still a rock < PROPFEMALE > ! And a silver medal is still awesome . 
Despite the disappointing outcome , it's a good day for hockey . 
So close to being caught up ... I can almost taste it ! 
At probably the best CUPRAP conference I've ever been to ... and I'm not just saying that because I was a presenter yesterday ! 
Watching the live health care vote on C-SPAN . 
needs a creative outlet . 
GOOOOO FLYERS !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Boucher's second career playoff shutout . The last one ? April 16 , 2000 . Awesome ! And the flyers advance to the conference semi-finals . ahhhhhhhh !!!!!! 
It's shaping up to be a loooong week . 
Please sign the petition at www.advancepa.net to show your support for Pennsylvania's community colleges . Click on my notes tab for more info . 
Can the Flyers comeback ? Please say yes ... 
I'm all written out . Seriously . There's nothing left . Unfortunatley , there's a ton that still needs to be written . 
Boosh ... my heart is breaking . What a rotten thing to happen after a strong post season . 
The Flyers live to see another day ... bloody , bruised & broken . 
Listening to the Nine Inch Nails album \Still . \ " The rawness of the stripped-down songs unbelievable . " 
leaving work at a decent hour ... only because I have other appointments to keep ! 
has tie dyed toes ! 
Take that , < PROPFIRST > ! 
Game 7 , baby ! Let's rock ! 
is home sick : ( 
A Flyers win tonight would be great medicine for my cold :) 
Dear Flyers : If you're trying to add to the season's drama , just stop . It's really not nice . 
This may be the best playoff game I have ever seen , second only to the three OT marathon game in 2000 . History has been made ! 
Gooooooooooooooooooo Flyers !!!!! 
is still sick , but trying to make it through Commencement week . 
Two shut outs in a row . Wow ... just ... wow ... 
is so proud of MCCC's 2010 graduates and feels extremely honored to have gotten to know and work with many of you ! 
Flyer in five ? I say yes . 
woooooooo !!!!! And we're headed to the finals . AMAZING !!! 
Sporting my brand spanking new Giroux jersey :) 
Are you Flyer'ed up ??? 
What an ugly , messy game one . 
Game 2 , 8 p.m. !!!! 
buying a new car ... a honda insight hybrid . will be driving it home shortly . 
LET'S GO FLYERS !!!!!!!!!!! 
This is the most frustrating period of hockey that I have ever seen . 
I'm almost too scared to watch ... almost ... 
Giroux with a two-goal night , and the Flyers win one at home in OT ! 
New tattoo ... and LET'S GO FLYERS !!! 
Thank you to everyone for the b-day wishes . AND GO FLYERS !!!!!!! 
Is anyone else scared ? Flyers were outshot 17-3 in the 1st . 
Almost afraid to watch ... 
What's better than the < PROPMALE > Cup Finals ? Overtime in the < PROPMALE > Cup Finals . GO FLYERS !!!!!!!! 
While I'm disheartened , the Flyers had an amazing season . Really couldn't ask for more . 
has been listening to nothing but punk over the past two weeks : Bad Religion , Bouncing Souls and Social Distortion . Definitely feels like summer ! 
is totally getting into the band Against Me ! 
This . Is . Hysterical . \ 
http://www.mcsweeneys.net/links/monologues/15comicsans.html 
Friends -- One of the best local bands around , Clashing Plaid , is in a contest to open for KISS in Philly in August . They're currently in first place ! Please help keep them there by voting at http://eventful.com/competitions/kiss2010/philadelphia . Many thanks ! 
Just put my tent up for 4 days of camp in the woods with 40+ kids . And yes , this is how I'm spending my vacation : ) 
Watching the worst movie ever ... Sex and the City II ... seriously ... 2.5 hours I will never get back . 
My last day of vacation ... tomorrow , it's back to the real world . 
this ... is ... a ... very ... long ... week ... 
TGIF , even though I'm pretty much working through the weekend ... 
Watching Clerks ... one of the most hilarious movies ever !!! 
Dropped off two cats at the vet this morning : ( One is having a tooth ( or more ) removed and the other is getting an ultrasound . They both looked at me , like , why are you leaving me ??? So sad !!! 
got tix for upcoming Pixies show at the Tower and < PROPFEMALE > in Chains show at the SB Center !!! 
Just discovered the show \It's Always < PROPFEMALE > in Philadelphia . \ " Can't believe I never saw this before . Hysterical ! We're starting at season 1 . " 
Waiting in line to get into The Daily Show with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > in NYC ! 
At the Borgata in Atlantic City to see < PROPFIRST > Seinfeld at 11 pm ! 
Can the Phillies still win ? Yes , yes , yes ! 
In Rhode Island at an NCMPR conf with 3 colleagues . Had a great dinner at < PROPFEMALE > Downtown . 
Spent the night in MD & will be heading to JS's Rally to Restore Sanity shortly ! 
Not sure why I'm even watching the World Series . I don't really care who wins . At least tonight , two of my favorite ( non-Philly ) pitchers are facing off . That's something ... 
RIP Spectrum . Lots of awesome memories -- like how I almost fainted when we went down to the ice to watch the pre-game skate when I was 10 at my first Flyers game . 
Listening to some new Atmosphere . Just what I needed ! 
Playing with my new iPad ... an early Christmas present from < PROPFEMALE > ! 
An early Christmas present for Philadelphia ... Cliff < PROPFIRST > has signed with the Phillies . Great way to start the day !!! 
“It’s always been hard for me to tell the difference between denial and what used to be known as hope . ” -- from ' Wonder Boys ' by < PROPFIRST > Chabon 
Redesigned the look of my blog : http://imaginehope.wordpress.com 
Can't believe the team with the worst record to ever make the playoffs just beat the Saints : ( 
The Jets win ! Holy cow ! What a great game ! 
Let's go Eagles !!! 
New blog post : Concert Experience Morphs into < PROPMALE > Favorite : http://imaginehope.wordpress.com/ 
Just scored < PROPMALE > Yorn concert tickets for the March 10 show at the Troc ! Yeah ! 
Came home from work today and painted -- just a small 4x6 piece , but I HAD to do it . I simply refuse to let another weekend go by consumed by work . Next up : a music review and some blogging to catch up on . 
Just started watching season 3 , episode 1 of Battlestar Galactica -- reveling in my inner sci-fi geek-dom . 
At the Troc waiting for < PROPMALE > Yorn to take the stage . 
