WOOT ! PIZZA ! NOMS ! 

..... yeah .... 
..... I'm an effing idiot ... 
< PROPFIRST > Snyder bobblehead game tomorrow . Not sure if I'm gonna go . Tummys not feeling that well . 
This bobblehead is the best thing ever ! 
Phone killed itself . Getting a new one soon . No cellular til then . 
Got a new phone . I've lost my < PROPFIRST > so if you want me to have your number text me telling me who you are . Same number . 
SEA WORLD TIME ! 
Hope < PROPFEMALE > can post that vid ASAP . Pretty good stuff . 
Woo-hoo ! Kicked butt in < PROPFEMALE > Worm . 
When Big Surf closes this summer , they're not going to reopen ! This is their last summer . They want to focus on their other places ! 
Fuckin dog just started pissin on my bean bag , RIGHT next to my PS2 . If it had gotten wet , there would've been < PROPMALE > issues . He's outside and will remain their for the remainder of the night . Its me and Ilu time . 
I just applied to 4 colleges . that makes 8 total that I've applied to so far . 4 applications in one night ! 
Woot ! My house is the Neighborhood Phantom tonight ! Got one day to pick two houses and pass on the message ! 
Blegh . Yankees won . 
confused ..... 
GUYS !!! ITS < PROPFEMALE > !!!! ON TV ! I'M SO FRIGGIN EXCITED RIGHT NOW . I MUST USE ALL CAPS TO EXPRESS MYSELF . 
Watching HSM 2 . Don't judge . 
Homecoming photos are up !!! Again , if you take them and use them on your pages , thats great and fine , just please give me credit ! 
Pixar Short Films time ! WOOHOO !!! 
SAT this morning , then Oreganos this afternoon for my bday with my dad ! Woohoo !!! 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! It was a great one , indeed ! 
So it rained really super hard for like a 30 seconds . Thats the Arizona rain I know ! None of this steady rain going on . Psh . 
Happy new year ! For my friends from college , I'm probably an hour late , but it still applies ! Love you all ! 
Misses < PROPFEMALE > already . 
Watching The Invaders with my dad . Very interesting show . 
got new jewelry for my eyebrow . pretty snazzy . 
Guess what school I was just admitted to ? Thats right , Hendrix . But like , EVERYONE knew before I did . The office ladies , my mother , my step-father . And NOBODY told me . Treachery . 
Visiting Hendrix Feburary 25-28 ! Can't wait to see my sister and maybe my future school ! 
Lets go Colts ! Kick some Saints butt ! 
I like the new Facebook . 
Going to see Wolfman tonight with teh extended half fam . soon to be family hopefully . :-D Excited for the MOVIE !!!! 
So did you guys know Captain < PROPMALE > from Deadliest Catch died ? Sad face . 
If you loved me you would do my survey . 
Por favor do my survey . I need your support in this . 
fml 
Helping my girl finish her project for her U of A . :) 
Just rented a few movies from Redbox and am sitting on the couch relaxing . 
:( 
Happy Easter ! Got some red cream soda from the secret stash of my mothers . AND an awesome shirt . And one of the best movies ever .... Too Wong Foo , Thanks For Everything , < PROPFEMALE > Newmar ! 
what to do with myself ... 
My tattoo is starting to flake . :) 
My poor Illu has allergies . I feel so bad . 
Just finished watching the newest episode of Glee . It was amazing . Can't wait for next weeks episode ! 
BIO SENIORS AND JUNIORS !!!! Buy your prom tickets tomorrow ! Don't forget ! 
Sooo .... got an early graduation gift from my mom and < PROPFIRST > ! They gave me a Rebel XS digital camera ! Can't wait to use it at prom ! Thank you Mom and < PROPFIRST > ! Love you ! 
Watching < PROPMALE > Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . Its pretty freakin awesome . 
Just got home . Relaxing a bit before I start getting ready for prom . 
Relaxing , watching < PROPMALE > Potter and the Order of the Phoenix . Just a day at home . 
For all of those wanting to look at my prom pictures , I will get them up as soon as I can . Most likely either tonight or tomorrow night . Same as last time , if you want to take some of them and use them , be my guest , just please say you got them from me . 
Prom pictures are up . Feel free to tag yourself or take them for your own use , but make sure to cite me . I'll get around to captioning them soon . 
Happy birthday to the greatest step dad ever , < PROPFIRST > ! And also to a dear friend of mine , < PROPMALE > ! 
For all of you that are wondering where I am planning to go to college , I finally have an answer . I am awaiting the decision of a < PROPFEMALE > that , if approved , will give me that last bit to put me in Hendrix . If this happens , Hendrix is it . If not , who knows ? So please , for my friends of the religious persuasion , pray for approval . And for my friends of the secular feelings , cross your fingers and say please to the universe . 
Feet hurt , tired , marker on my face . Relay For Life was alright . Might consider doing it again . Maybe not . 
WOOOOOOO SUNS WIN WOOOOOO 
Becoming invisible . 
Up freaking early to help my mom and < PROPFIRST > with the yard sale . The scrafices I make ... :-) 
Any questions poised on my formspring have been answered . 
WOOT ! SUNS KICKED ASS ! Was kinda worried there at the end , but they did amazing ! 
Bout to start my last Monday of high school . Scary . 
Just found out my mom and Alexgot approved 
Just found out my mom and < PROPFIRST > got approved for my school < PROPFEMALE > , which means that ..... I'm going to Hendrix ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is coming home tonight ! Woot woot ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is FINALLY home ! So glad for her to back ! I love her ! 
Tomorrow is my last day of my high school career .... kinda scary but yet exciting at the same time . 
Getting ready to start my last day of highschool ever . I hope my presentation goes well . 
High school career has ended . Crazy . 
For those going to my graduation .... there may be a bit of a surprise when you get the program ... for those I told ( < PROPFEMALE > , Kaydee , < PROPFEMALE > ) , don't say a word . I think I'll keep it a surprise . 
Graduation practice today . Seniors remember to wear something nice for class picture . 
Graduation day ! So excited ! 
I am officially a high school graduate ! Congrats , class of 2010 !! 
Making the family sauce . I love this father/daughter/grandmother time . Haven't done this in awhile . 
Getting to know my brand new laptop ! Thank you everyone who helped this dream come true ! 
http://www.azcentral.com/video/#/News/Drop+out+prevention/40280768001/35150280001/86862191001 
Watching a show called Lingo on the Game Show Network . Pretty interesting . I understand how to play now . But do the contestants ? I think not . They can't even spell , which is neccessary to win . How did these fools get on this show ? 
So I'm sitting here watching the Match Game , and I'm just kinda paying attention and they get to where they're showing the celebrity answers , and guess whos a celeb on this game ? < PROPFEMALE > WHITE . When she's younger . Totally surprised me and made my day ! 
Ask me anything http://formspring.me/vforvampires 
Watching the Jetsons ! Haven't seen it in ages ! Man , this past week has been one good old show after the other . 
Look at your life . Look at your choices . 
I think its funny that all the contestants on Baggage get a free 6 month subscrition to a dating website . Makes me laugh . 
Clearly , all of it is my fault . 
Going back to Pho-Town tomorrow . Planning to get into town in the afternoon . Fun stuff . 
At Lutes in Yuma with the fam ! Woot ! 
Feels like going to the mall today . Anyone game ? Could use some company . 
Ended up just hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Nicholls watching the game and spending some good sister time while the rents went for her cake . Also watched Toy Story and discovered there are episodes of Buzz Lightyear of < PROPFEMALE > Command : The Adventure Begins on Youtube . Been a lazy day . 
I knew there was something I didn't like about that chicken ... 
So I just got home from a long hot day at work , and I go to check the mail . And what do I find waiting for me ? Buzz Lightyear of < PROPFEMALE > Command the adventure Begins ! SO EXCITED ! And also Imagine Me & You was in there . Thanks for brightening up my day , mailbox . 
Not doing too well in the emotional feelers department . Cheer me up ? Anyone ? No takers ? Course not . 
Gonna eat my sammich then go to bed . If you call or text me and I don't reply , thats why . Need me some sleep . 
Still not doing well . Long night . Long day . sucks . 
Just bought the spanish version of You've Got a Friend in Me . Best iTunes purchase ever . 
Doing better today . Thanks for all the kind words and love . 
I know every mile will be worth my while 
Just finished the Passage . Such an amazing book . New favorite book of all time . I recommend it highly . 
Bout to start going through Acrosanti pictures ... why do I take so many ? 
Been a half hour . Not even halfway through the first day . Woo hoo . 
Woo hoo ! Done going through the pictures and deleting many of them . 
Wow , Group Z . Wow . 
Cellophane that shoulda been my name Mister Cellophane 
< PROPFIRST > Steinbrenner died of a heart attack at the age of 80 and has passed away . As much as I don't like the Yankees , I still am sad about the passing of a name synonymous with baseball . RIP 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me .... LIKE this status if you think im a good friend .... INBOX me if you ever wanted a relationship with me .... COMMENT this status if we had good memories together .... Now lets see whos brave enough to copy and paste this as their status 
Jessi+my bed+1 hour = my sister asleep on my bed . She has taken it captive . Now do I be the nice sister and find another bed , or do I kick her off ? 
Jessi : \We should have a sleep over in my room\ " \ 
YAY ! Very happy cause my love is back in town ! Woo hoo ! 
THE FIENDS ! They've converted this bouy into a giant magnet ! 
What weighs six ounces , sits in a tree , and is very dangerous ? 
Holy heart failure ! 
OMG I miss Bio . This is kinda depressing . 
oh man < PROPFEMALE > Nicholls is the coolest ! I wish I could be her ! Maybe one day I will reach her grace , intelligence , beauty , and all around exemplary existence . 
nothing matters anymore . 
So , I'm laying on my bed . listening to the rain and I hear this giant clap of thunder and rolling and it shakes the windows and my little dog gets all scared and jumpy . The scene is set . Now I'm just waiting for the werewolf to howl and come disembowel me . 
Got my replacement Ipod . Now to spend the rest of my life putting it all back how I like it . 
My mother is the best mother in the entire world . She comes home and she says to me , \I got you a going away gift . \ " and what does she give to me ? Only the most amazing movie in the entire world ! I'm currently sitting in my room and enjoying MY FAIR LADY on my giant tv . LOVE IT ! " 
Man , this feels so weird . All the talk about school starting and that day is here . Bio has started there school year . I feel weird that I'm not there right now . I feel like I'm ditching , but I'm not ..... freaking me out . 
Watching Blade < PROPFEMALE > . Loving the < PROPFIRST > Reynolds-Jessica Biel-vampire hunting-Wesley Snipes badassery thing . 
Getting a headache . Not cool . Maybe I didn't drink enough water today . I tend to do that . Oh well . 
Got some things to do around the house today . Early morning school drama has me stressed out . Hopefully something will cheer me up . 
I'm about to smack my sister so hard with a pillow , hopefully , it'll knock her out . Lets watch and see how this goes . 
Woo ! Officially all moved in and orientationed ! :) Got my webmail issues fixed and not wireless set up ! For those of you wishing to contact me or send me goodies ( PLEASE :) ) my Hendrix e-mail is nichollsvr@hendrix.edu and my post office box number is 3986 . If you do plan on sending me goodies , and don't know how to adress it , let me know and I'll tell you . 
I think its funny how in the system at Hendrix , my name is < PROPFEMALE > Nicholls . Not < PROPFEMALE > Nicholls like all other places . Its < PROPFEMALE > Nicholls . So any nametags printed or lists or lookups that need to be done , they have < PROPFEMALE > on them . I like it . 
Leaving for Memphis for the weekend on my Orientation trip today at 2 . I get to go to the zoo ! I'm so excited ! 
Just got back to my dorm from my Memphis trip . Was AMAZING . I LOVE that zoo . Pics from the zoo and the murder hotel room I stayed in will be up soon hopefully . 
So first day of classes start tomorrow .... I have the first meeting of my Journeys class today .... and the work study job fair today ..... and guess what ? I'm horribly sick . AWESOME . Lets hope I can make it through the day without falling asleep and vomiting . * crosses fingers * 
UGH . Feeling worse than this morning even though I took a two hour nap . Nurse is gone for the day . Pretty sure I'm running a fever . Probably going to have to miss the pep rally tonight , and now my future in Shirttails is in jeopardy . Seriously , body ? You're doing this to me NOW ? 
Going to my Short Fiction class in a bit and then to the nurse at 2:45 . Hopefully I'm not dying . Been a long morning . 
Alright so I just got back from the nurse , and its worse than I thought . I have a fever of an hundred point something and that has to be down from yesterday cause I'm not radiating so much heat . The nurse gave me Decorel Forte Plus for cough and congestion , and she gave me a prescription for Amoxicillin . She told me I'm contagious and she gave me a nurse note for classes tomorrow if I do not feel any better . 
Is cold , but is too tired and hurting to move to turn off the AC . Bundling up in my comforter will have to do . 
Guys , this is bad . I've used up an entire box of tissues that I bought yesterday . It hasn't even been 24 hours ! 
OMG my roommate is coughing !!! What if I got her sick ?! NO ! I'm such a horrible person .... WHY ? 
Just put up pics of the Memphis Zoo . Check them out . Comment . 
So last night theres a knock at my door . my roommate answers it since I'm half asleep and this girl asks her if RAs have condoms . What ? Really ? 
To all the staff and faculty at Bioscience including < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Popham < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Laffel < PROPMALE > LaFave < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > I want to say thank you so much ! You have helped me be ready for college . I know its the first week , but I know that cause I made it through your classes , I can make it through these . You all did a wonderful job and I wouldn't be where I am without you . Thank you ! 
Off to dinner . 
So just got out of my first Intro to Psychology class and I just have one question ..... Can I just go ahead and delcare my < PROPMALE > right now ? 
If anyone needs me or wants to chill , I'm in the big room of Raney so let me know . 
Lets go , Raney . Win that cup tonight ! Kick Veasey's ass ! 
Shirttails is so much better in person . Vids don't do it justice . Congrats to Couch girls ! Raney , we'll get them next year . At least Raney was better then Veasey . :-D and Congrats to Hardin boys !!! WOOOO !!!!!! 
\Michelangelo supports Hardin ! Michelangelo supports Hardin ! \ " <----- best quote of the night . " 
So , I just finished watching THE BEST MOVIE EVER . Aka , the LION < PROPMALE > . And I did cry when Simba was like \Dad ?! Dad ?! \ " Don't judge me . Its emotional . LOVE IT . " 
GOT MY FIRST PACKAGE IN COLLEGE !!! Thank you so much to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for my Lion < PROPMALE > CD . I LOVE IT !!!!! 
Just found seasons of < PROPFIRST > Possible on Youtube as well as The Weekenders . I think you know what I'm going to be spending my free time doing . 
Work out time ! 
Why does no one ever trust me ? 
Watching Imagine Me & You with my favorite people ! 
Someone want to bring me food ? Perhaps , maybe ? please ? 
Why didn't I think to type my Psych notes before ? its so much easier to organize and read then my crappy handwriting . Note to self : computer is friend . 
PSYCH EXAM TOMORROW . I am afraid . I fear the exam . LETS DANCE , EXAM . BRING IT . 
Just had a fire drill in Raney . Weird . 
\When you love someone a lot 
Journey's paper time ! 
Really wants to have a witty title for her paper about Socrates , but is really depressed because she cannot seem to think of one .... ideas ? 
I could've danced all night , I could've danced all night , and still have begged for more .... 
Going to be an exciting Explorations class .... 
nighty night , interwebs . 
\ .... you're so mexican . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Kerr when discussing how tortilla is pronounced . :) " 
\I never said I was a role model ... \"" 
Moving to Couch room 313 . Fun stuff . 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? Leave me a comment .... then copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say ... 
So pretty sure I got pink eye . Freakin awesome . I JUST got these contacts , and now I have to throw away this pair . Awesome . stupid eyes ... 
You know what I think is funny ? In the upcoming Treehouse of Horrors , there will be a Twilight-like vampire named < PROPMALE > voiced by , guess who ! < PROPFIRST > Radcliffe . Anyone else find that funny ? 
Wishes there was more she could do for her family than just a phone call . All my love goes out to the Nolasco family . I'm with you in spirit . 
How are the a child's tantrums and a T-rex similar ? 
HAH !!! Yankees are OUT !!! I don't even care who wins the World Series now . 
Thank you to the wonderful Kaye'D Diles for being awesome and fixing my computer ! 
Inbox Only : Message me something that you have always wanted to tell me . I'll keep it between us ! Repost this as your status and see what you get ! 
Happy birthday to the beautiful Kaye'D Diles 19 ! Woot ! 
So threw Kaye'D in the Fountain . Took a 4:14 second video walking to the fountain , then just as we're about to throw her in , the video was stopped . :( There may be a redo ;) 
ITS TRICK OR TREATER TIME !!! They're so little ..... 
My friend < PROPFEMALE > Kerr is dressed as an Ipod for her costume , and all the little kids when they see her go IPOD !!! and love it ! She is the talk of the dorm ! 
So tried to give blood today . Got through the whole process and my blood decides to take its sweet time coming out . So like 3 workers surround me , I get nervous , veins close , and blood stops flowing . Awesome . They had to stop . BUT I got cookies and I get to find out what my blood type is . So I'm good . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AJDx3H_hvI8&feature=player_embedded 
Its so beautiful outside !!! Everyone is starting to say how cold its getting and I'm like are you kidding ? This is amazing !!! Shorts weather , even ! I love it ! Can't wait for winter ! 
Best two months of my life . :) 
Your skin is so ..... ethnic .... 
\Whos < PROPFEMALE > ? My name is Bubba Elizabeth ! \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Kerr " 
So you know why Kaye'D Diles is freaking awesome ? Cause I won a < PROPFEMALE > Wars clone helmet , and was too excited and impatient to put it together , and she did it for me !!! OMG she's so fantastic !!! 
Anyone feel like being nice enough to give Kaye'D Diles and I a ride to Wal Mart sometime tonight ? Please ? 
Me : Kaye'D , are you falling asleep ? \ 
Her : No . \ 
Me : you sure ? That's your about to go to sleep expression . \ 
Her : I'm not . \ 
\ 
2 minutes later she's snoring with her head on my lap . 
Ask me a question in my inbox and maybe I'll put the answer as a status . 
Um . If you had to go to a party that all the Mexicans at Hendrix were forced to go to and that party was at the same time as the < PROPFEMALE > Wars trivia and when you got back , your roommate told you all of the questions and you got all but one right and the person who ended up winning got more than one wrong how angry would you be ? \ 
I would build a Death < PROPFEMALE > to kill the party which I had to go to and the person who won . 
EVERYWHERE . 
At the wind ensemble concert . It's gonna be great ! YAY ! :) 
The first Green Lantern trailer is out !!! Check it out ! I love it . Except for his suit . Looks silly . 
Hendrix friends and family ! Is there anyone who could give me a ride to the Little Rock airport on the 15th of Dec ? My flight is at 1 so I need to get there by like 1130 . A ride would be greatly appreciated ! Let me know if you can help me out ! Thank you ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!!!!!!! IT'S EATIN TIME !!! 
Kaye'D Diles is the best person in the world ! She is super amazing and I bow to her amazingness ! She is SO much cooler than I could ever hope to be ! 
So it has come to my attention that my birthday is in 8 days or so . I'd you are planning on getting me a gift , I have the perfect idea . Bouncy balls . That's what I want for my bday . Please ? Love you all ! 
Decorating the Unity Technology Cluster with Unity peoples . Are you going to Thunder < PROPFEMALE > tonight ? No ? YOU MEAN YES . Okay . See you there . 8 o clock . In Worsham . < PROPFEMALE > . LOVE YA ! 
WHAT IS GOiNG ON OUTSIDE ?!? It's the Mist ! Fog my butt . I don't like it . It's werewolf weather ! They're coming to kill me .... 
In honor of rivalry week : Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a UofA Fan . Being a Wildcat Fan is a real disorder & should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for UofAD & sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of Arizona State ? fans will repost this simply because we know how to copy & paste , as well as tie our shoes 
Has a new StumbleUpon account . If you have a StumbleUpon and want to send me things , my ID is djrawr 
4 days away from my 19th birthday . Gonna be an interesting day , I suppose . Kaye'D Diles and < PROPFEMALE > Nicholls have big plans apparently . Excited ? Yes . :) 
BioScience people ! I am going to visiting the school on the 16th of December so if you care to see me , I'll be there then . I wish I could visit sooner but I get back to Phoenix on the 15th in the evening . So yeah . Hope to see you guys soon ! 
\I am a pretty good pimp . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Kerr . \ 
Change\ 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your \ 
childhood . Until monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should be no human faces on \ 
Facebook , only an invasion of memories . This is for violence against \ 
children ! 
3 days ! 
2 Days ! 
College is fun .... ;) 
So fire alarm went off in Raney at 1:15 in the morning . Some dickface came in our side door , pulled our fire extinguisher and ran back out . So we had to evacuate , go into the Veasey lobby , then stand outside for 15 minutes while the firefighters gave us a lecture on pranks . THEN some more dickfaces threw a water balloon at the crowd and ran away . Awesome . 
So its my birthday on December 6th , and it just became that day 7 minutes ago . 7 minutes ago , Kaye'D Diles and < PROPFEMALE > Kerr lobbed 3 giant bouncy balls at me , almost hitting me . As much as it was terrifying , it was awesome . Thanks guys ! I love you both very much !! 
Hold on to your hula hoops ! 
Thank you to everyone who wished me happy birthday and participated in making today AWESOME ! Special thanks goes to Kaye'D Diles , < PROPFEMALE > Kerr , and < PROPFEMALE > Nicholls . You made this day so fantastic . I love you all very much . Thank you so much ! 
Inbox me with a number between 1-500 and ill post something about you in my status with your number 
437 : Met you just recently , but we became fast friends . I miss you ! We have got to < PROPFEMALE > out when you get home . Maybe you can meet my new girlie if she comes and visits me . :) 
9 : You are the bestest friend in the entire world !!! I'm glad we got to know each other last year . You are also good at giving me advice and helping me feel better . <3 RAWR ! 
6 : Hey there . How you doin ? * wink , wink * haha but seriously . You are amazing . :) Its a shame we didn't talk sooner . But we're great together now and its awesome . 
217 : you are an awesome friend . We don't spend much time together , which is a shame . But you're always there for me when I need you . I want you to know that I'm here for you too . :) Rock on ! 
092 : you are so awesome ! We've lost touch when you left the school , which is really sad . But hopefully we get close again . 
14 : You are one of the most amazing people I know ! You are my best friend , my sister , my shoulder to < PROPFEMALE > on . I love you so much and I'm happy for you and I miss you so much . 
3.14159265 : You are a good friend , to me and others . :) Thanks for being there . I actually like you . 
289 : :) I love you . 
The entire freakin world . 
Waiting to take my first college final . Intro to Psych . Wish me luck . 
54 : We made many memories , and we were the best of friends . I'm glad we are both happy now and I'm glad you are where you want to be . :) We had tons of ups and downs , but we surfaced . Hopefully we can keep it that way . 
[ POKE ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do [ LIKE ] this status if I'm a good friend [ MESSAGE ] me if you ever wanted a relationship [ COMMENT ] on this if we have any great memories copy this and post it as your status 
I'd be surprisingly good for you . 
Crisis averted ! 
Mohawk has been retired . Simple buzz cut . Gonna let the hair grow back to the beautiful mane I usually have . :) 
Why ? 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post 
< PROPFEMALE > Peacock I'm sorry for your loss . Pretty epic game . :) 
So I've given this a great deal of thought and I've decided . Lupin's werewolf in < PROPMALE > Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is THE scariest werewolf I've ever seen . Going to haunt my dreams during thunderstorms ... 
