They say guns don't kill people , people kill people . Well I think the guns help because if you stood there & yelled \Bang\ " I don't think you'd kill many people . " 

when everything comes crashing down who helps pick up the pieces are real friends 
why ? is the million dollor question nobody can answer 
bored somebody talk to me 
how many times do i have to fail to realize i need to give up ? 
if it doesnt matter who wins or loses then why do they keep score ? 
today needs to end and tommorow needs to come 
bored out my mind somebody text me 
the voices in my head learned a new language , now I can't understand them ! So , i hired a NEW voice to translate them for me :D 
Black ops time 
bored somebody text me 
anybody have black ops for ps3 ? 
hope everything goes like im planning cause its time to change 
.. after everything that's been said and done , I can't believe I still miss you . 
party time .. beer pong anyone 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everybody 
great start to the new year 
why ? 
dam i hate digging holes it sucks 
Forget it why do i even try anymore 
bored somebody text or message me 
wheres ur friends when u need them 
just cause u think something is gonna happen dont believe it people lie when they dont care 
Im tired of this wish i could run away from it all 
anybody wanna play football tomorrow ? 
why does everything seem to be coming crashing down on me ? 
forget it all it was all lies 
\A hero is born from a soul thats forgotten \"" 
\I look to the sky and theres nobody watching a hero is born from a soul thats forgotten so now the world belongs to me \"" 
bored out my mind need something to do 
hope everything goes as planned about to get everything back on track a little help would of been easier but i should of known 
blah blah blah 
\Ill take the 20 on the left u take the 50 on the right\ " - < PROPFIRST > gunn\ 
Pyaar impossible 
Do you really win if you say or do something you regret ? 
heading to the movies to see battlefield : LA 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > Kennedy 
