ahhhh , 7am and I've already worked out , done the sauna ( hehe ) , and now going through emails at work ... cross my fingers i can keep up this program all week and maybe next week sneak in swimming a few nights ... hmm , though beers at baileys last night probably didn't help the diet ;)) 

tired .... 
haha , have to clean up the condo super fast b4 < PROPFEMALE > gets here for my massage . ahhhh 1.5 hrs of ahhhhhh ... gonna sleep gooood tonight ... 
4 me , so far this year isn't too bad ... expect it to just get better ! :) 
ahhh , windows open and can almost smell spring , works over , and going to rent a movie and drink some wine ... ahhhh 
hmm , just a poll ... how many people know how to play euchre ? wondering if it truly is just an ohio thing :) 
geez ... went and swam half mile at lunch .. took over an hour and half ... but , hehe , now work a few more hours and then go run :))) maybe not very productive day working , but not bad working out ... 
hmm , just got done working out 4 hour plus ... the q now is guinness at baileys or not ... hmmm I could take some work and a couple beers won't kill me ... mmmmm beeeeeer mmmmmmmm 
ahhh , bad last night ... after mazu ( aka ' man'zoo ) we went to aoi , then cap city , and then chinatown for chinese . hmm , chinese at midnight+ is never a good thing ... tasted sooooo good though ... :) 
hmm , really like this , used to see it hanging where my grandma cut hair ... God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity To accept the things I cannot change ; The courage to change the things that I can ; And the wisdom to know the difference . I'll only add one thing , The < PROPFEMALE > to let change happen ... haha , for me that's the biggest one ... :) think i should also call my grandma today ... 
Hehe , supposed to be 90 today and tomorrow ! Ahhhhh 
hehe , I so want one .... http://www.cnn.com/2010/LIVING/04/07/fast.food.calories/index.html?hpt=C2 
Haha , saw hot tub time machine last week , soooo funny . Hehe , also must see for < PROPMALE > sports fans . :))) 
Hehe , hmm , mayb time for whole foods . Mmmmm 
hehe , funnnnn ... just bought a case of wine for mehdi's party ... all kinds , all yummmy ... ;) 
Hmmm , so starting at 5 at baileys on a Tuesday isn't the best idea ? 
sleepy ... 
Hmm , such a tough decision ... Ipad or vacuum ... Haha 
Haha , Aruba is only 4 weeks away ... So diet resumes today ! Back to gym today , and maybe swim starting tomorrow too :) 
hehe , can we say yummy !!!... Lima Restaurant and LoungeMOTHER'S DAY BRUNCH @ LIMA | Sunday , May 9th | Noon - 6PM | Featuring an A La Carte Menu with a Ceviche Bar , Omelettes , Eggs < PROPMALE > , Huevos Rancheros , French Toast , Mussels and much more ! 
would you believe ? actually gonna start working on the doors in the condo . ordered the tung oil and will start sanding tomorrow night . hehe , maybe i'll even install the door handles this weekend ( haha , only been 1+ year w/o ) ... we'll see ... ;) 
hppy up-comming m day ... 
Anyone see this brand ' Mauviel ' pots/pans at the outlet malls ? Look really cool .... 
Ahhh , two weeks from now ... I'll b on my way to Aruba ... ahhhhhh 
Hehe , changed my flight to the 21st ... Now let's pray my passport renewal arrives on time :)) 12 days in the sun w nothing to do but have fun ! Hehe 
72 hrs from now , ... I'll b on my way to Aruba ... Going to do nothing ! for 12 whole dayz , ahhhhhh :)) 
I wanna move here .... Hehe 
Power out , sitting at hooters in the dark , on 5th local beer , listening to guy on guitar , in Aruba ... Priceless :)))) 
Hehe , huge burito , 4 hh margaritas , and soon go see movie in mall right here , then of course hooters 4 couple liters local beer , then south beach bar 4 house music ..... Ahhhhh can u say ahhhhhhhhhhhhh :P ! 
mmmmmmmm , went to wine festival yesterday ... so hot , but so niceeeee .... haha 
soooo funny , just saw a post about this and had to pass it on . The owner of the cavs , who also owns ' fathead ' ( they sell full sized posters for kids ' walls ) , changed the prices of lebron's posters from $99 to $17.41 ( 1741 was the bdate of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ) ... too funny ... http://www.fathead.com/search-results/lebron/ haha , also a pretty sneaky way to get people like me to give that company free advertisements ;)) 
Ha , today I'll work real hard ;) ( for a change , haha ) 
It's Tuesday night , sooooo 
Hmm , today is Tuesday .... 
I love u all !! 
Bored btw ... 
Ahhhh , home now ! I'm really collecting a nice series of scars .... Wonder what I should do next ... hmmm ;-))) 
Haha , hatching all my recorded tv shows and just saw episode from last season of House , where ultimately they diagnosed guy with chiari malformation , hehehe , just like I had , :-))) small world .... 
Hmmm , thinking .... I have to do Korea for two weeks in early November , ... and Phuket or Bangkok are only like 6 hrs away from Seoul , so ... hahaha ;-)) we'll seeee ... Maybe I'll be healed by then and really ready for a little vacation 
Or ... Maybe just a long weekend in Aruba or Bahamas ... Regardless , I'll just be sooooo happy when the headaches go away and the pills are no longer necessary ... Hehe though it's fun to rationalize the need for all the Fanta or Mountain Dew I need to drink to settle my tummy from all the pills :-))) \ 
Ps , though I would kill for some grape Fanta .... Hehehe ;-) 
Hehe , I think I deserve ColdStone ... 
Bored ... Bed time already , again :-( 
Ahhh , second day back to swimming ! Only a lazy half mile today , and only temporary dizziness and headache when turning ( no flip ) ... If headache tomorrow morning isn't bad I'll swim again tomorrow !!! Hehe 
Tired of ' recovery ' :-(( want to be normal ( whatever that is for me , ha ) again ... 
Hmmmmmm , coldstone :-P 
Hmm , almost bedtime but baileys is too close to the pharmacy ;-)) 
Tired of this :-((( 
Haha , in a taxi to whole foods at 8am on a Sunday , feeling the brisk air , and for no particular reason thinking : less than two months away from repeating the line ' this year will be much better than last year ' ;-) 
:-)) browns win ! 
Mmmm , peanut butter , jelly , and a spoon :-)))) 
Bored .... 
12 hrs since last prescrpt pain meds wore off :-)) 
snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow snow :-))) 
Worked out only second time since august , felt good ! Let's see if I can back into doing every day !!! Might even swim this week :-))) !! 
