I haz a new < PROPFEMALE > . Pics will follow when I see it again , or on a more regular basis . 

So she actually mailed the ring back . Shocked . 
My landlord just invited a homeless woman to stay in the trailer for the next few days . ( In hopes of getting some . ) 
Snow in IL making my job easier . =D 
is getting drunk . 
Is only kinda < PROPMALE > over thanks to good friends ! Thx < PROPFIRST > , Arti , and Silk ! 
Never cut off your DTV technical support rep in the middle of their introduction speach with your loud obnoxious bitching . You may be \mistakenly disconnected \"." 
The massive 8.8 earthquake that struck Chile , the seventh strongest earthquake in recorded history , may have changed the entire Earth's rotation and shortened the length of an Earth day by 1.26 milliseconds , according to research scientist < PROPFIRST > Gross at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif . 
I just ordered an $8 salad . It better be fking huge . If it is , I'm going to drown it in blue cheese , and it will be goooood . 
Loud ass fuckin neighbors . 2nd time tonight I've called teh cops on them . If that shit's still going on at 1am when i get off I'm having them show up here . Acting like they don't hear anything when they come out . 
Light a man a fire , and he's warm for a night . Light a man ON fire , and he's warm the rest of his life . 
Going to the ocean at night to clear your head = good . Dropping your phone in the tide while running from it = bad . Not realizing you've dropped your phone in said tide for over 5 < PROPFEMALE > = worse . RIP less than 1 month old phone . 
Wow @ the ammount of bills I just paid . Off to pay more ! 
I really hate the McDonalds near my house . I hope it burns down and is replaced with a Long < PROPFIRST > Silvers . That is all . 
FIRMWARE UPGADE TO MY PHONE ! I can watch streaming YouTube videos on my phone now !! Yay ! 
Clean Room Phase 1 : Complete . Next comes the rearrange + add minifridge/microwave phase . 
> Examine Grue 
8 Gig micro SD Card ... $20 2.5 mm to standard headphone adapter ... $10 loading MP3s to my ghettoh phone and listening to them in the car ... Priceless . 
< PROPMALE > Bros Entertainment UK is recruiting tech-savvy students to help the company with their anti-piracy efforts . During the 12 month internship the students will have to maintain accounts at private BitTorrent sites , develop link-scanning bots , make trap purchases and perform various other anti-piracy tasks . 
You come to appriciate maturity in a relationship the moment it's missing in large quantities . 
Easter dinner with Mom , Grandmom , and Uncle . 
Time to fall asleep to the seasons of Ghost In the Shell I've Finally finished downloading . 14.4 GB a month later . -_- WELL WORTH THE WAIT ! 
Last night I lost my grandmother to cancer . She was diagnosed over a year ago . Recently she fell ill and the doctors gave her a few weeks at most and she < PROPMALE > on for two months . She passed at 11pm Friday 4/18/2010 . 
My Grandmother's last wish for me was that I would go out , see new places , and meet new people . In that spirit before her passing she bought me a very nice digital camera the I received today . I took a trip to a local park to shoot some photos and I've posted a few . 
http://www.andrewsmortuary.com/_mgxroot/page_10778.php?id=777668 
Off to Orton plantation to snap more pics . 
Got another call to do work . I'm WAY lacking on sleep but I knew as soon as I layed down I'd get a call . So Now I may end up going to the local zoo for more pics . 
Was up way too late talking to the girl of my dreams . Still have enough time to get to the battleship . I'm putting off the serpentarium untill I can learn how to stop my camera from auto focusing on the reflection on the glass display , instead of the snakes inside it . 
is sad . No more quality bots being made for WoW . Best one on the market being targeted by blizzard . Again . Dodged a bullet by not botting last night becuase I was too lazy to set it up . Saved my butt . 
Got into the Starcraft 2 Beta . You won't be seeing me for a while . <3 
Ok , tis story is NOT made up . I'm watching the < PROPFEMALE > white SNL show from mothers day . It gets to the end where the use Census is at her door . I get a knock at my door . I ignore it becuase usually it's drunk friends of my landlord . 5 < PROPFEMALE > later , still knocking . It's the US CENSUS PEOPLE !! No fucking joke . 
Still in lover with starcraft 2 . However I've come to appriciate why games get pushed back in release date so much . Yes it's playable however the multiplayer for one is still not properly balanced . 
This lady seriously just spent 6+ < PROPFEMALE > bitching and whineing in my ear . After < PROPFEMALE > 2 I had already submitted the information to her local office totake care of it . I swear to god , that I would pay a considerably largesum of money to be able to work , for 24 hours straight , and speak my < PROPFEMALE > d on every call . Nothing I would love more . 
is in love . Don't tell anyone . Shhh ! 
I'm having a great day ! 
Gravity always gets me down . 
So I just sent an E-mail to my Mayor asking him to support the new White out Mtn Dew flavor in the current DEWmocracy . I'm now going to take a shower and wash the nerd off me . 
I'll just say that I'm in favor of immigration reform and I have no sympathy for people who are here illegally . 
Philosophical zombie craves minds . and soul food . http://bit.ly/8y1kxN 
Mmmm cupcakes . 
Anyone reading this ever been caught in a rip current in the ocean ? 
I'm just like all of you . I put my wizard robe on one sleeve at a time . But once my wizard robe is on , I MAKE SHIT DISAPPEAR ! 
I R BORED 
sp ?????? q s ! pl ? o ? ??? u ?? p 
2 am . We meet again ... Wide awake and bored at 2 am . Operators are standing by ! 
No matter how hard I try I can't seem to get something stuck on top of my ceiling fan blade no matter how many things I throw up there . No , it's not running . 
Can't sleeeeep . 
Heading to the beach at 6am to get pictures of the sunrise . 
So much for sleeping before i wake up . I've seriously screwed up my sleep schedule . =\\ Going to jump start it back into gear tonight . 
Got my pictures . Almost missed sunrise both because I procrastinate and i had to wait for the bridge . Now I'm waiting for IHOP to open . Yeah , < PROPFEMALE > e isn't 24/7 . 9 < PROPFEMALE > to tastey goodness . 
Wow so frustrated right now I really wanna just walk out on the job . 
Bug poison + finger + food + mouth = Bad 
Let's see . My ungle < PROPMALE > on my mom's side is a fuck head . At 2 am aftr working 8 hours , I headed to Southern VA , got there , dealt with fuck head , turned around and drove back . Almost kinda sorta feel asleep twice . No speeding tickets , and $150 richer . Now I'm going to go pass out . 
Stalking Craigslist for a Netbook for $130 
Playing Super Metriod , sweet ! 
Hasen't slept right in 3 days . Was passed out when I should have been at work . 
Without geometry , life is pointless . 
Watching a Dr Who marathon . 
I love new socks !!!! 
Daily DTV Rant : Call me upset becuase you don't kow how to work your own TV . The be stupid enough to insist there are NO BUTTONS AT ALL on your tv for power , volume , or channel . Make it even better by telling me you had this same problem 5 days ago and can't remember how you fixed it then . RTFM . Srsly . 
Also , yah know , appointments . I know a week is too long to be without service and I honestly do sympathize . However , plz don't act like you don't understand why one of the trucks that drives by your house every day can't just pop in and fix it . There are several other people who called in b4 you , also w/o service who have waited as long as you will . Wait your turn , no cutsies . <3 
PLAYING YOSHIS STORY FOR N64 <3 When I'm not working I'll load up the < PROPFEMALE > roms . I really need a N64 controler adapter now . =( I don't want to wait for one to arrive if I order it online . Double sad face =( making my Playstation style PC controler work for now . 
Need suggestions for N64 ROMS . I think I got all the \gotta haves\ " but I'd like to know what yours are incase I missed some . Plz comment . <3 " 
When I bought my tuna fish at Wal-Mart and the label said \In Oil\ " didn't know they meant crude oil . " 
Newest form of bank phishing I've seen . Heads up to my friends . \You have received a refund of $85.90 that is currently waiting for your approval . The recipient did not accept the payment and is waiting for you to take a further action . Sign On to your account to find out more about the transaction :\ "" 
Much accomplished today . Soon I will tackle the task of patching/covering the gaping hole in the floor in my room . 
is so damn tired . 1 AM cannot come fast enough . 
wishes DTV customers had better things to do than to call tech support on Independence Day . 
Purchasing a multimedia projector . Looking for advice from anyone with experience owning one . Purchasing tonight after midnight . Shpanks ! 
So we haven't talked in over 2 months . Not a single word . However , you want to be my Frontierville neighbor ? Whats social interaction come to these days ? Srsly ? 
is staring at the purple kangaroo sitting on my couch blowing bubbles and wondering ... hey , where'd he get bubbles ... I want bubbles . 
Set up my projector outside . Picture sits about 10 feet tall . Then I jizzed in my pants . 
FYI : When I ask for your address , that includes the city state and zip . -_- 
Enjoying my newly aquired Starcraft 2 : Collectors edition . !!!!! 
needs some serious personal advice about having kids vs not having kids . Drop me a message with your input instead of posting here . <3 
The NC Department of Revenue has this amazing system that finds out who I bank with then steals money from my account , costing me extra money in the process . They have the power and authority to just up and help themselves to my money . They don't have the power to ask my bank for a current address so they can make sure I'm receiving 2 years worth of collection letters . Thanks Government ... thanks . 
Spin Art : Flushing the toilet while you lay out a long one . 
Wants to live in a world where having a college education is mandatory . 
I don't know if it's just me , but I have a general dislike for all DTV installers . Maybe that's because I hear more of the horror stories than the good ones . But they are always calling me trying to get me to lose my job by breaking the rules . Also screwing over and lying to customers . Shouldn't be that hard for DTV to get all that in order ... 
If I had a dollar for every stupid unnecessary thing I was told at my job . I'd never quit ! <3 
REMI GAILLARD .. Priceless . My face hurts from all the laughing . Wish we could get away with this kinda shit here . 
Woke up to find my router soaked from something I spilled on it the night before . Fuuuu -- 
SOAKED ROUTER RETURNS FROM THE DEAD ! Digital wizard strikes again . 
It was never meant to be that easy . Yeah , it was fun and it still hurts . As much as I've enjoyed the previous chapters it's time to sit down and get writing the next one . The best part about the next chapter is living it as the main character and not knowing whats coming next ! Here is to not knowing what tomorrow brings . 
Thanks old people . For keeping me employed . <3 
I would like everyone to know that tonight I discovered something amazing . I recently lost the cap to my pringles so they went stale ! Sucks , I know . So I'm playing a game and out of sheer hunger I start eating them . Gross , I know . ALAS ! The further down the tube I got the less stale they got until they were good again ! Awesome , I know . 
Sometimes I just want to copy someone else's status , word for word and see if they notice 
Didn't anyone ever tell you , there's one thing you never put in a trap if you're smart ? If you value your continued existence . If you have any plans about seeing tomorrow , there's one thing you never , ever put in a trap . 
I made chili ... and it was GREAT ! 
Yes , < PROPMALE > is going to kill me . I will float away into the middle of the ocean on my boat made of ... umm falled appart trailer . 
F *** you < PROPMALE > . It didn't even rain here . 
Closed out the day with a computer who's hard drive lost it's partition information . Whoo ! Off to bed . 
Apologies to anyone who's wall this app wrote on . 
I think I cleaned up the app's mess . Again apologies if it posted on your wall , I thoroughly dislike apps that do that . 
Just bought an inverter that runs off my car battery . The plan is to load newly released movies to the netbook , drive to one of several abandoned buildings in town and enjoy movies with the car stereo system on my own private big screen . <3<3<3 
OMG Amazing night . Dinner we had a Shrimp < PROPFEMALE > Pizza . Then went to the beach around sunset and walked until it got dark . After that we backed the truck up to the ocean , opened the back and laid in the back for hours talking with the sound of the waves and the constant cool ocean breeze around us . I could not have hopped for it to have gone any better . 
Done with the games . 
Can't wait for Monday ! 
Second date was amazing ! Same beach again but this time we got there the waves were oddly bright for late night . It was bioluminecent plankton !!! ( worth looking up ) It's plankton that basically lights up when it's irritated . So waves crashing causes a light to be emitted from the waves . We were able to stomp around in the sand and leave glowing foot prints and splash around in the tide and make it glow . 
So far , so good . 
It's a thankless job , but I've got a lot of < PROPFEMALE > to burn off . 
Epic Chili , YAY ! Last time I experimented it didn't turn out so well . This time it turned out better than the first time I made it . I'm quite happy . 
16 inches of rain . I feel like a fish . 
Power lines snapping , tree limbs snapping , wind/misc . trees scratching the side of the place ... I can't sleep . Moved my car too . Go me , no pine trees crashing down on me this time . 
You can't fix stupid , and it's a terrible tragedy . 20 < PROPFEMALE > to follow simple instructions . 
Hello 5:30 AM , we meet again . 
Fight the night , I'm going to bed . 
The Game 
I should be sleeping . That's the catch tho , I'm not . I want to eat eggs and play guitar hero . I've also misplaced my PS2 . But I know where my eggs are ! ( let's hope ) So eggs then maybe sleep . And by sleep I clearly mean guitar hero . Three cheers for sleep and knowing where your eggs are ! 
Stop getting viruses ! Right Meow ! 
ATTN : All well versed people in intarwebs ! I'm looking for the undercover boss episode that featured the DirecTV CEO . If you can find it online I'd love you forever . Thx ! 
[ Kagura is doing laundry and tries to wring out Kyou's shirt , causing it to rip in two ] \ 
\ 
Kyo Sohma :\ 
Tell me what I think just happened didn't just happen ! \ 
Kagura :\ 
My love ! \ 
My shirt ! 
Life Lesson Learned : Buy the ice cream cake AFTER the party favors and balloons . 
Sorry to say this but if you're a permanent resident of the US and you can't speak English kindly GTFO . 
Hitachi Duo Pro 4TB External Hard Drive\ 
$269.99 \ 
\ 
+ $5 shipping - WANT ! 
Best extended weekend ever . Spent it in Charleston with the GF . Ate sushi , shopped in a hippie grocery store and ummm fixed things . ^_^ 
Wondering if I should answer the text . I stopped talking with this person for a reason , and can't see any benefit to \going back to the way things were\ " . I think I'll sleep on it . Input welcome . " 
Will be dodging facebook in fear of spoilers from blizzcon which is recording in the other room . Bye ! 
Blizzcon : So far , so meh . 
Lady , you're a fucking retard . 
\It's so weird 
Really sick of slow anime downloads . 
Really , if you all only knew how many people ask me if they should turn on their tv/equipment before trouble shooting with me . No moron , leave all your shit off and we'll just fix it with magic . Kthxbai . 
Ma'am: \I can't believe that we could be watching TV then suddenly it's not working\ " \ 
Fuck people who call me and don't speak/understand English . Really , fuck you . 
I forgot how good Butterfingers were . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone !!! 
Lesson\ 
Learned : Windshield wiper blade motors are a lot stronger than you \ 
think . They can turn not so sharp things into OWW FUCK MY FINGER !!!! I \ 
now have a nice gash on the bottom tip of my index finger . =\\ 
I'd for once like to not get matched up with a bunch of idiots in Starcraft 3v3 matches . 
Games For Windows Marketplace . First of all I don't know why i need a program to download my program . Secondly why do I need 2 accounts with you to download my program to download my program . And Thirdly if you're going to make me get an account to get an account to download a program to download my program . MAKE A SOLID PROGRAM THAT ACTUALLY WORKS !!! < /rant > 
\yes ma'am that's correct . You do need a phone line running to your receiver for the caller ID on it to work . Have a nice night . \"" 
Happy Thanksgiving all ! 
Life is complicated . =\\ 
Can anyone recommend a solid free command line anti virus ? 
I hate McDonald's . Not because their food is bad or unhealthy , but becuase of the last 2-3 years the service I have received has consistently sucked . I will now never go to another one . 
Is doing things he really shouldn't . 
Are you calling in to get your TV fixed or to just bitch and complain ? There are plenty of other people waiting to talk to me who would rather be nice and fix the TV . You called the wrong number to just be rude and not get your shit fixed . 
I want new shoes . Just sayin . 
30 < PROPFEMALE > LEFT RAWWWGGG 
So you think that becuase you never received a < PROPMALE > from us for 3 months that means you don't have to pay ? Really ? So no < PROPMALE > = free service ? Let me call ATT and get my address \corrected\ " . lol " 
Lady called intoday becuase her service wasn't working and she was unable to watch \Avatar : The last Air Bender\ " I wanted to tell her that instead of asking for a credit she should be paying us for the favor we were doing her . " 
Just had a dream that I think was telling me that somone I've felt mself to be a role model to had traveled a path ... in which I'd have liked better for them . I think it was also an admittion that I know it won't change and a little bit of me quietly knowing there was nothing I could do to make it change . 
Friendly reminder from your not so friendly DTV Guy . Your dish will not work with snow on it . Will will NOT send someone out to remove snow , and other than clearing off your own dish there is nothing that calling us about said snow will do . Thanks . ( Sorry to those who got dumped on ) 
I'm sorry to be a grouch on Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , but to all the people who're calling in DirecTV and being EXTREMELY rude , go fuck yourselves . Really , please . 
I'm going to log into work today , and 75% of my calls are going to be people with inches of snow on their dish , wondering why they aren't getting a satellite signal from it . Yesterday they were all very understanding and I appreciate that . 
Thanks to all the awesome people I talked to last night that made working on Christmas Day not so bad after all . 
So periodically we all look back on our life and wonder how things may have ended up if we had made different choices . Twice in the last year I received the answer to that question for the first time in my life . In both cases I feel that I am better off . Which is a really good feeling but most disturbing is that it still doesn't stop you from wondering ... 
So on the 17th my company sent out an E-mail letting us know we could request off Christmas and Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . It was a first come first serve basis . My supervisor messed up my request with a 4 day delay that lost me a Holiday Vacation . At the end of the pay period my supervisor has to correct my time card according to the time I've been logged into work ... 
Joined planet fitness last night . $1 down , $10 a month . I don't miss snow . I FINALLY finished a heroic in WoW with a PUG . My dreams have been saying weird things to me lately . That's about it . 
Special K is SO GROOS when it's soggy . =( 
No , we didn't accidentally gt disconnected . I < PROPMALE > up on you . 
I want work to be canceled soooo bad . 
Made two more pics , improved on the sunset one methinks . Pics when they're dry ... in like 2 hours . -_- 
DTV CCR Truth #236 : I don't want to < PROPFEMALE > up on you anymore than you want to be < PROPMALE > up on , but sometimes you're so bat shit crazy I can't tell you how it really is . 
going to try and tackle some new techniques today film it and take pictures . 
There must be a solution for all the stupidity in this world . We just have to stop being stupid long enough to figure it out .... 
In all seriousness , why do people call in with a problem , refuse to troubleshoot over the phone and then complain/get upset when I tell them a tech needs to come out . If you didn't want to wait for a tech you should have let me help you in the first place . 
Bridge Burned .... NEXT ! 
Worked 4pm-2am Yesterday . Woke up at 6:30 to start a 7am-2am shift today ! Then going to do it again tomorrow !!! UNLIMITED OT ROXORZ MY SOXORZ ! ( Not so side note)NSSN : I\M HOPPED UP ON COFFEEEEEE " 
IM From my SUPERVISOR , ( I work at home it's how we communicate)\ 
12:27 AM < PROPMALE > , Ramone SUP Hey < PROPFIRST > , when I come back to the office tomorrow we need to have a serious talk . \ 
Heads up and I want to be blunt and straight to the point . \ 
I am going to recommend you for termination after reviews and before you go to another Supervisor before May 2nd . 
This guy calls DirecTV ... and takes a piss while he's on the phone ... not bad enough he goes thru the trouble of telling me that's exactly what he's doing . 
feels yucky . 
