Leaving for Lexington tomorrow !!! 

What does not working and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > have in common ? I make the same amount of money either way !!! 
Missin < PROPFIRST > big time !!! 
Wants to go see Transformers on the imax !!! 
Ready for the Float trip !!! 
Hooked on this game ! 
Back home ... Time for roller coasters and sushi ! 
Yea im tired ! 
Chillin with tha Fam ! 
Wow my weekend is over already !!! 
Needs a car ! 
Tired !!! 
Lack of Sleep ... 
Lab Report ??? Havent even Started .... 
Sleep ... Never Heard of It !! 
Finally im gonna get to sleep !!! 
Need to do bio work ! 
Ooooo .... Back 2 school , Back 2 School to prove to my dad that im not a fool ..... 
Money ... I wish I had some ! 
Its my bay's b-day ! 
Is a sleepy sleepy man 
Shorts in November is Amazing ! 
They tell ya how important sleep is ... But then tell ya to sacrifice ??? 
Im finally allowed to love college basketball ... OOOOOOO C-A-T-S CATS ! CATS ! CATS ! 
Be in LEX 2morrow ! 
WoW ! I missed my flight ! 
I will try to leave again at 5 tonight lol 
I'm about to fly to Lex ... Get @ Me ! 
I NEED SNOW ! lol < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! And Happy Birthday to all the Christmas Babies ! 
I need to get on here more often . 
I'm on a role ! It is nice to see how increase is more than just a statement and how for me it has become a day to day reality ! 
Its about time for a new knee !!! 
C'mon UK down by three with three minutes left ... 
A loss might do us some good 
Sixty degrees to winter storms in twenty-four hours ... 
Three Days ! Three Exams ! Gotta Love It ! 
I would love to have a soundproof bedroom door ! Studying is becoming a nightmare ! 
Sleep . what a wonderful word 
Cant find my charger and laptop is about to die so much for making a study guide ! 
Saints ! 33-31 Yes Sir ! 
Saints won even though my score was a little off lol 
It looks like im gonna have to pull an all-nighter 
Writers Block ! 
Happy Valentines Day ! If you go out to eat today , please treat your servers as servers and not slaves and remember they live solely on tips :) Happy Valentines Day ! 
Success can occur in the microwave but its likely of perfection is slim to none but for me .... I choose to supervene by the means of a crock-pot . ~ Zach Young 
The life i once lived is not the life i now live . I live to be life-like of the Life that lives in the center of my life ! 
Just imagine the world if all positive intentions became Actions ! 
A parasite will take things right out of your hands . A prodigy will receive from your heart ! 
The more I study the I am in awe of the complexity of our Nervous System ; I become so lost in it I find the Spirit everytime ! 
How far can you go in life with limitations ? Wouldn't life be more successful if you work to be like your Guide ? 
An hour on an the elliptical kicked my butt ... Guess you can say im a little out of shape 
Knowledge Liberates ! 
Two classes until spring break ... 
I cant choose ... Syracuse or Kansas to lose to the Championship to Kentucky ??? 
Well there went my bracket ! Thanks Ohio ! O Well go CATS ! 
I wish I could get paid for watching Basketball ! I'm not really feeling the whole work deal today lol . 
Shot -----> Bracket 
I got something to start a fire with on this snow filled day ... My bracket ! But hey , Calipari Nation's hater bandwagon got full in the snap of the fingers ! All the Kansas loss did is fueled the fire to our Refuse To Lose Mentality ! Count on it ! 
Glad I get celebrate this UK weekend till Thursday ... < PROPMALE > or Wisconsin ; If we play like we did today College Basketball don't stand a < PROPMALE > ! 
219-212 The was < PROPMALE > just passed ! Now what ??? 
I am hungry ; but the emptiness of my refrigerator hinders me indulging . 
With spring rolling around , its about time to get a car dependancy has became a little mor than old ;) 
Its time for another weekend of basketball ! Go CATS ! 
Hopefully this UK win will fuel my all-nighter ! Go Cats ! 
Well UK basketball is back on the map . Mission Accomplished . Now ... back to school lol 
Its amazing how small problems really are after they pass . 
Ready to finish this semester ! It has been a endurance race and I cant wait to cross that finish line ! 
I was 32lbs . at the ripe age of one . Since fat cells are imposible to lose and your fat cells maximum increrase occur around the third trimester of pregnancy , the one year < PROPFIRST > , and the adolescent growth spurt ; I find my excuse for a lack of a six-pack to be quite tangible . 
Wow this upcoming week is loaded !!! I need time like a Chiton's radula needs algae ! 
Wow ! This week's foot and my butt have a good relationship ; it is kickin my butt ! Not to mention I have lost 5 inches off my waist in the last month so my clothing is very limited . But hey , I Love Life Anyways ! 
I just gave blood today ! Feels great to prolong someones life ! 
Ahhhh the weekend ... I got to sleep in tomorrow til 9am I feel like a million bucks lol 
Faith is not being oblivious to your surroundings it is requires honor to the upmost of any and all people your are submitted unto for this is worship ! 
Finally back to being able to run five < PROPMALE > without passing out . I would love to be able to get my time down to around forty minutes or so ... 
Woohoo I my battery died on my computer that i neglected to save my PowerPoint to now I have a minimal auto-save to work with ... Long night ahead ! 
< PROPMALE > Luce at chapel today ... Cant Wait ! 
Wow I am Hungry !!! 
People that come back down to reality do not change the world . 
Hey every1 I got a new phone ! Please text me or message me your < PROPFIRST > ! 
You know you worked to hard when you have to massage your abs ... O and people I need < PROPFIRST > my new phone feels lonely 
I don't need a title or to be at a certain place . For my life is the gift , the call , and all the equipment that I need . Let my display be transparent and as I remain transparent look deep and see Who is apparent . 
I love the Brain ! I also love using mine ! 
I want to try to learn a new word everyday for the rest of my life ... 
I used to compete with other people ; Now I compete with myself . I love this so much more ! 
When buying food ... Buy from companies that treat workers , animals , and the environment with respect ! 
O Long for a deep understanding of people , things , events or situations , resulting in the ability to choose or act to consistently produce the optimum results with a minimum of time and energy . 
Lexington bound in 6 days !!! 
I really shouldn't forget to log out of facebook ... You never know when someone can get online and post new status updates for me ! 
My momma is right I am right . 
Is working harder than ever ! I love Lexington and I cant wait to see how much more this summer has in store ! 
I forgot how hard fun is to find in Lex . 
There may be nothing new under the sun , but if you don't keep moving you will get sun burnt . 
Does anyone have $ 5,000 that they can < PROPFEMALE > out to me . I will pay back buy august ! I wish this was a joke . Im just throwing this out hoping someone will catch it lol 
I went sunbathing today ! Yea I said It ! 
I need someone to hit me up with a hot instrumental ! 
I want to start a bible study/Q&A here in Lexington . Let me know if you are interested . 
Survey ; what is the hardest area for you to have faith in ? Spiritually ? Intellectually ? Physically ? or Socially ? And Why ? 
Everyone needs their freedom to make and learn from their own mistakes . 
Shorts on the ground . Shorts on the ground . Looking like a fool with your shorts on the ground . Ankles all ashy . Now please . Keep the bottoms by your knees because they look like capris . ~ My new american idol song lol 
Hey Laker fans cry me a Doc River ! Yaw got bullied by a Big Baby !!! 
Go USA bash England !!! 
Me and Jamere just dropped a hot track !!! 
Did rondo seriously push artest ? 
Kobe is a CryBaby enough said ! 
Let's go USA !!! 
Knees are high maintenance ! 
Our new song is amazing i cant wait to drop this in the studio !!! 
Jesus ! 
So glad to be back from Youth Camp ! It was awesome but ... i need sleep ! 
I had fun handing everyone loses over the weekend ! Losing isn't something i do very much of lol . 
I wish bridges were not so easy to burn . I am glad I am finally learning how to build them properly . 
O man I have to iron ??? What is this world coming to lol 
Well time for another knee surgery ... It will all workout it always does 
Surgery on Tuesday ! 6 weeks of walklessness ( if thats a word lol ) 
Surgery went good . I just wish there was no such thing as pain lol . My birthday is in 5 days 
OMG !!! The pain meds wore off !!! 
Anyone have a extra knee ??? 
My birthday is in 3 days !!! 
Im bored I wanna WAlk ! 
Happy Birthday to me ! I wanna blow out my candles and be able to no longer have to use crutches lol ! Its my bday I can cry if I want to ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! I feel the love lol 
I just got my corvette today !!! Man I love it ! 
Walkin on crutches for the first two weeks of class is not going to be fun at all ! 
Wow ! Talk about culture shock ! Miami is diverse like no other . 
I want to walk ! 
Back From the beach ! 
Im ready school to start even though I just bought 45 pounds of books today . 
Ten days til these crutches get melted ! 
I want my leg back I need to work ! 
Im learning how to walk again lol I have no muscle in my leg this is different ! 
Standing here today I your will devine ... I cant get the RBTC Anthem out of my head !!! 
I cant wait for the day where i can run again 
I have forgot how aint-social school makes me lol 
Someone needs a mint and it aint me !!! 
Pobody is Nerfect !!! 
Why did I choose to go to a private college ??? 
I AM SLEEPY !!! 
Someone stole my car !!! I finally am no longer as angry about it so now i can accept comment on the matter 
Well lets see how much I get back from the insurance ! 
I got a midterm test tomorrow and five midterms next week ... God help me ! 
I find my self constantly saying how cheap stuff used to be ... is it that inflation is just that bad or am I just getting older ? 
SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO GIVE UP THE RIGHT TO BE RIGHT .... ALWAYS TRY TO KEEP THE PEACE ... HUMILITY IS BETTER THAN STUPIDITY !! 
If you stripped the US of its military where would it rank in the world ? 
In a average middle-class family with 2 children kids cost , $ 233,000 each . 
I am getting tired of studing alone !!! 
Yea ... No shave November ??? I am already ready to give up ! 
I had the worst nightmare ! < PROPFIRST > was president and I was the first man ! OMG ! That would be insane ! 
Any1 wanna study micro ! I need some1 to study with !!! 
Nite FB ! Ill be up in 3and half hours ! 
I cant wait until i get to go back to sleep ! 
Dr Gaikwad didnt feel like teaching ... I didnt feel like learning what a combination lol ! 
I got a 102 degree temperature and 2 test today .... I will be lucky to get out of bed ! 
These UK free-throws are killin me ! 
I'm just glad we don't have to play an angry Michigan St. team this early in the season . 
18 Friend Request ? Looks like i have been on here for a while lol 
