Happy New Years Everybody ! I had so much fun seeing everyone last night , love you all ! 

January 3 , 2008 I left Klarman and have been out since . Wow , so much has happened in 2 years and so much has changed . To all the amazing women I met there , I hope you are all doing well . 
gets new boobs !!! 
The things people do to themselves upset me so much sometimes 
like holy fuck , Deans List !? haha 
getting excited to go back to smith , but not so excited at leaving the beach so soon 
thanks all for the birthday wishes ! 
the heat is a bit oppressive , but at least it's actually summer weather 
sometimes life and people are just way too confusing 
swimming in huge hurricane waves is amazing 
wow ... cold at the beach today ... is it turning to fall already ? 
I'm jealous of everyone who's back at Smith , but I'll be there soon enough . 
Smith on monday ... damn , I don't want to work tomorrow ... cause then I could be at Smith on sunday 
beautiful sunrise this morning 
BACK AT SMITH !!! 
* ugh * such a boring saturday night 
SWG < PROPMALE > almost official ! SVD is my advisor , yay ! 
Who's free Tuesday at noon ? Want to come with me to get my tattoo ? 
yay ! new tattoo ! 
Dear < PROPFIRST > Christ , If tomorrow ( i.e. today since it is after midnight ) is mountain day , I will love you forever . Love < PROPFIRST > 
AH ! Damn you < PROPFIRST > Christ 
screw Hampshire classes today 
fuck ... written two pages on this damn poem , but i need at least two more pages and I can't think of a damn thing to write !!! 
ok , one more < PROPFEMALE > written meaning at least one more < PROPFEMALE > to write ... I can do this ... just need to figure what else to expand on and then write the conclusion 
Yay !!! Finally finished !!! Hooray ! 
So I have to see a neurologist for migraines that I haven't had for 4 years . Fuck you Jaffee 
Finished Queer Theory essay ! Yay ! 
I seriously need more eventful weekends ... My life is way too boring 
poo poo on you Maine 
Fucking Done with Queer Theory MidTerm !!!!!!!! 
I need a life , anyone want to help me with that ? 
AHHH ! HAHAHA ! I finally finished my essay !!! Fuck Yeah !!! 
1 week of classes , reading period , finals , then HOME ! 
2 days of classes , 3 days of reading period , 1 day of finals , then HOME ! 
Classes Done ! 3 days of reading period , 1 day of finals , then HOME ! 
3 finals tomorrow than home on Sunday ! Can't Wait !!! 
1 final down , 2 to go 
2 final down , only 1 left !! 
Officially DONE ! Head home tomorrow , surgery Monday ! Oh my god !!! So soon !!! 
HOME !!! 
Off to surgery , wish me luck ! 
Surgery done , I'm home . Thank you all for your thoughts . Can't wait for everything to heal and see the results !! 
Feeling great , recovering quickly , probably will be a little while longer before I'm good to go out , but if anyone wants to come over and chill this weekend , that'd be awesome 
Ack ! So sick of staying in ! Dr. appointment tomorrow to tell me how I'm healing up ... hope I can get the OK to go out ! 
Woo !!! Employed for this summer ! Yay Ferry Beach ! 
Yay ! Grades finally came out and I didn't die , even in Queer Theory !!! Horray ! 
Back to Noho Saturday , no class until the 25th , so people in the valley , we should chill before I lose myself in classwork again 
slept from 4:30 pm yesterday until 9:30 am today ... haha .... sooooo much sleep .... and so lovely too 
gah ... 
Ok , I'm fucking bored as hell . Who's awake and wants to chat ? If you're reading this , you're probably as bored as me ... so yeah ... 
just fuck 
I'm such a nerd and totally psyched for classes to start ! 
Class , lunch , class , then downtown to go to the bank and get money to put on my onecard cause I desperately need to do laundry ... why the fuck is laundry not free !!!!! 
I love my friends :) 
I am insane , absolutely fucking insane 
Another week into the semester , another week of work , but also another week closer to spring break 
slowly , slowly , slowly my paper takes shape .... why the fuck can't I think it up faster ?! hmm ... maybe because I'm procrastinating on facebook ? 
certainly not my best piece of writing , but I think I'm done ... now to email it off ... 
Reading , reading and more reading , but at least its getting done 
Tu sais ? J'adore l'université! 
It may be late , but my LGBT History paper is FINALLY DONE ! sweeeet ^_^ 
I am a bitch , and a proud one at that :) 
Hm ... midterm postponed ... in some ways this is a wonderful turn of events ... in other ways I just wish it was done and over with 
Ow ... I hurt . Walked all around D.C. today . I don't think I need to walk again for at least another month 
in light of dinner at Chapin , haha ... ( 225 ): Tortellini makes me feel like I'm eating hundreds of little vaginas 
so according to the discovery channel the smaller a man's penis when limp , the larger it is when erect 
Got my septum pierced ! I'll post a picture soon :) 
drowning 
BLURPLE ! 
some how the \Tea Party Patriots\ " got ahold of my email address .... " 
I have a full size bed now :) 
Holy fucking rain dude ! 
Yay ! got my bed frame and some fun stuff for next year , also some fun stuff for Ferry Beach :) 
OW ! some days ... some days scooping ice cream really hurts .... 
HOW THE HELL IS IT OK TO ORDER 4 SCOOPS OF ICE CREAM PLUS WHIPPED CREAM AND SPRINKLES AT 10:30 AM !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
2009/2010 Smith College Deans List :) 
back in < PROPFEMALE > 
God the world is fucked up 
So glad to be home 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes !!! 
To my Ferry Beach Family , \ 
I got the massive card/letter/poster/whatever you want to call it . THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH ! I am hoping to visit soon . I can't make it this weekend , but maybe next . I love you and I miss you all ! Love , < PROPFIRST > 
Another rainy day -_- not cool with this ... it's still August 
Off to Ferry Beach ! <3 
At Smith <3 
First day of classes <3 
bah ! apparently my body thinks it doesn't need sleep 
Great day with my brother and sister and I got to see < PROPFEMALE > Morrison YAY ! <3 
being sick = sucky day 
feeling better-ish but the day is sucky and rainy .... 
why thank you CMP for making what should have been a relaxing Mountain Day epicly stressful ! 
yucky rain 
i dont wanna do homework .... 
I <3 my cats 
must I go back to class tomorrow ? 
god damnit I need a car 
fuck this 
um .... procrastination ? I reeeeeeaaaaaallllllllllllllllly should be doing work .... but no , here I am on facebook 
It always makes me sad when the sun sets so early 
I have too many sources for my Chaucer paper .... need to condense ... 
If anyone in Chapin finds a pair of purple frame glasses they're probably mine . I have no idea where they are , but I'm almost 100% certain they are in the house . Thanks 
Glasses = Found yay ! 
Can't wait to be home snuggling with my kitties >^.^< 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
crowd pleaser ;) 
While normally I love sleep I've simply been getting too much and actually need to stay awake to do my finals work ... goddamnit ... break can't come soon enough 
Finals are eating me alive .... I cannot wait for this all to be over and to be home snuggling with my kitties 
Archaeology = done , Old English = almost done , Gov = half way done , Chaucer = FUCK 
Archaeology =D one , Old English =D one , Gov = half done still , Chaucer = as ready as I'll ever be for the exam ( taking it at 2 , wish me luck ) 
I use the word fuck in my Chaucer exam ... I wonder how < PROPFEMALE > will respond to that , haha 
DONE ! 
Home :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Snow snow and more snow 
Smith ... a snow day would be greatly appreciated ... I'm being lazy as fuck and don't want to trek down to the gym ... 
Ok , so Smith you suck , and UMass you suck too ... class at Smith , but no class at UMass , but of course I received NO NOTICE that I didn't have class , so trekked all the way there to find my class was cancelled ... oh joy 
Most epic trip to and from the dining hall EVER ! 
ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow 
Fuck Yeah ! My issues with SPARK resolved themselves !!! yay for being lazy and scared of telephones actually working out for once :P 
insomnia i hate you 
