Sometimes we expect more from others , because we would be willing to do that much for them . 

Off to maxfund had alot of fun at the races last night . Will post some pics later ! 
Got mood poisoning , must be something i hate 
this is going to be a long day 
Up until now i had sworn to myself that im content with loneliness , because none of it was ever worth the risk . You are the only exception . 
God < PROPMALE > me the courage not to give up what I think is right , even though I think it is hopeless\ 
. 
` Just when you thought you had it all , it all falls apart . 
You ever have one of those days where no matter how many times you turn left or right , you keep slamming into an ' effin wall ? 
Food . Sleep . Work . Repeat . =( 
Getting my hair done at Snip Snip !!! 
That part of me left yesterday , the heart of me is strong today . The old me's dead and gone today . 
The quiet scares me cause it screams the truth :\\ 
Ive got a bulletbroof heart , youve got a holowpoint smile 
I will let you down\ 
I will make you hurt 
No i didn't just run into the pole , it just looked like it needed a hug 
Men have always said \Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free ? \ " Updated info for you men on why women don't want to get married . \ " Why buy the entire PIG just to get a little sausage ? \"" 
Honestly , you dont want to know what im thinking ...... 
Somtimes good things fall apart , so better things can fall together . \ 
Never give up hope :) 
And the soup of the day : Cream of Bullshit . I hate liars 
Love , hate , fear , passion . Its all the same , either way you get hurt .... :/ 
Some people should cross bridges , some should burn them and then theres some who need to jump off them . Need a push ? 
Although we pray for serenity to accept the things we cannot change , I continually strive for strength and courage to change the things I cannot accept ... 
is trying to hold herself together when in all reality has already fallen apart 
I walk around with a smile on my face , but underneath are the lonely tears that only come out at night after everyone goes to sleep ... 
Tomorrow is assumed by all of us , But promised to none of us 
That was pretty amazing ... 
Dammit 
Sometimes we expect more from others because we would be willing to do that much for them . 
Change only happens when the pain of holding on , is greater than the fear of letting go . 
any second could be the second that changes your life 
