Terrible mood . I don't know why . Maybe its the sleep deprivation ? I don't know , but I don't like it . 

I am honestly getting really tired of all the drama that is involed in high school , its like even though im not involved in it , it just makes me mad to see . People really need to grow up and stop being so immature about such little things . 
Ah another week of school is about to start and we are so close to the end of the year . Im so happy to be so close but sad because I won't get to see my bestest friends ever like every day of the week D: ill just have to < PROPFEMALE > out with them a whole lot during the summer ! 
Hooray ! I am completely finished with every bit of homework for this year of highschool , im prolly going to pass 4/5 of my classes and there is only two easy finals and a half day of school ahead of me ! And then i get to whine to all my friends about my boring'ish summer lol ! 
Hmmm part way back into summer and I'm already really bored . I've been trying to entertain myself with doing a ton of stuff around the house and other things to get my dad to finnaly get me texting . So hopefuly before long I will have that and maybe a new phone and be able to actually talk to most of my friends . Fun fun lol ! Thats summer for ya ! 
If you're brave , Copy this into your status and see what people rate you\ 
:) ( 1 ) Crazy ( 2 ) I'd marry you ( 3 ) Talkative ( 4 ) Sarcastic ( 5 ) Lovable \ 
( 6)Awesome ( 7 ) Moody ( 8 ) Dumb ( 9 ) Great Friend ( 10 ) Mouthy ( 11 ) \ 
Random(12 ) Hot ( 13 ) Funny ( 14 ) Fit ( 15 ) Amazing ( 16 ) Beautiful ( 17 ) Cute\ 
( 18 ) Rude ( 19 ) Simple ( 20 ) Strong ( 21 ) Th ...... e Best FRIEND ( 22 ) Freak\ 
( 23)Quiet ( 24 ) Adorable ( 25 ) Sexy ..... 
Blah blah blah summer is blah . Atleast i'll have a fun weekend . Going to the rodeo in Molalla with my sister and my dad tomorrow and then going to ( hopefully ) go up to Washinton sometime to pick up mega-super-awesome fireworks to set off on the 4th when we get home . 
I've run out of things to hold my mind's attention . I'm now going crazy for real . 
Feelin pretty good about life now since yesterday but now today I has not a thing to do ! 
Hooray stayed up all night because I couldn't sleep ! So yes . For some reason I thought I would let you all know . 
Went to see Inception with my sister and my dad . It was a great movie ! Not the easiest story to understand though . 
Time seems to pass so fast for me when I have things to do and people to talk to . Speaking ofcourse about my summer camp that I just got done with yesterday . Got to see alot of my old friends but that week seemed to go by in just an hour . Not enough time >.< . But hooray my 16th birthday is in 17 days ! Hoping to go play paintball but who knows if that will work out . 
My ipod is very dead now . Hoping to get enough money from my birthday to get a new ipod touch 
Hooray my birthday in two days going to go play laser tag ! Hoping to see some of my friends from school on registration day :) then just a few short days later school starts again ! Both excited for and dreading that moment ... 
Had a great birthday party . Got to play three games of laser tag but on the second game we played against a bunch of little kids and lost horribly . Oh well , all they did was follow us around and shoot us anyways :) 
Classes ... \ 
Modern US History with Hagen\ 
Astronomy with Mitchell\ 
Chemistry A with McElhaney\ 
English/Junior Honors A with Vickers ( woot ! )\ 
Geometry A with Aerts 
Figured out how to get my computer to act as a wireless hotspot for my new iPod touch so now I can text everyone with yahoo and do email and all that cool stuff with my iPod :) all my friends should message me their numberz if they wanna talk 
Went to see < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs The World today with my best childhood and right now friend and it was a good movie . Kinda like one big acid trip though lol . Going camping tomorrow for the next four days so that will be fun . Can't wait to see everyone at school on the 31st 
This camping trip that I'm still on has turned out to be the worst days of my life so far and i still have one more day to get through ... Sigh what a great vacation before school starts with my dads family :( 
School today now I'm up wondering what time the bus is going to be here ... Who knowz lol 
Done with the first week of school and I got my Internet fixed finally so yeah . Geometry and honors English homework to do but with a three day weekend it won't be very hard :) 
Things so far are going really good this year . Going to take drivers < PROPMALE > starting the 20th . I like all my classes . Hooray school is not that bad any more ! 
I'm really mad . My dad seems to have written the check too late for drivers < PROPMALE > and if a spot doesn't open up by tomorrow .... I'm screwed . No driving for another year most likely unless dad suddenly decides he wants to take me driving at all :( not cool . 
Was kinda mad yesterday about the whole drivers < PROPMALE > thing but it's all okay now . Got in and its all taken care of 
First day of drivers < PROPMALE > and well ... It was horribly boring . Knew all the stuff we went over and it is three hours long so ... Yeah at least I got signed up for the behind the seat driving . With < PROPFIRST > of course ! 
Drivers < PROPMALE > tomorrow with three hours of semi entertainment and then my first behind the wheel session on Tuesday . I'm really nervous for that so yeah . I hope it goes well ! 
Wow lol good day today , I got a new phone , unlimited texting , and I'm in a good mood ! Text me so I can get your numbers ~ 503-267-8505 
Well my weekend was one of the best of my life . New phone , fun time , pizza , talked to friends , talked to that special someone a lot , and went driving for about 2 hours . :) good time . 
Absolutely horrifically miserably tired . Stupid Mondays ... 
I am emotionally drained . Such a stressful day ... funny how happy things turn bad so fast . I would go more in depth but it wouldn't turn out well I think . 
Went on a pretty cool beach trip-drive-thingy with my friend < PROPFIRST > that only involved like a hour total of being out of the car . It was still fun though . 
I'm getting tired of hearing these stories of people making up shit and lying about relationship and such . Just basically to all my friends , don't lie when it comes to peoples feelings . All you will do by being dishonest is fuck things up . Honesty = < PROPFIRST>'s #1 value . 
I also don't understand why cussing is such a frowned upon thing . Its a collection of letters that make a sound that we interpret as language . Who cares what fuck means or sounds like ... I'm sure if I tried I could come up with much \worse\ " things to describe the same concept . Think about it people . " 
To the peeps commenting about religion be careful about what you say . They have a right to believe what they want . It is only taken too far when they judge others outside of their belief . The same goes for people who do not believe in god . DO NOT judge them because of their religion . Your just a hypocrite if you do so , which makes you a liar . 
Okay so off of the evilness of the world and our weird hypocrites , I'm getting my hair cut sometime next weekend . Anyone got any ideas ? Its gonna be semi long but a hell of a lot shorter than now . Think me freshman year minus the chubby and the retarded hair but the same length . 
Discovered I can't do backwards figure eights in a car . Damn you < PROPFIRST > . But thanks for the intense talk about that club idea thingy . We should act on it . 
Why can't water boil faster ? Geez stupid water . I want my macaroni NOW ! Haircut hopefully tomorrow . Who knows though , dad changes his mind a lot . 
Bleh suddenly depressed :( Who knows why though , life is pretty good right now . Just cleaned my whole room for no reason and dusted everything in here ... Reeks of the nasty incense my dad's cousin burns downstairs ... I don't like her very much anymore ... she has over-stayed her welcome . 
( continuation of previous status ) I'm all for giving people places to stay when they need it but really , \ 
go get a fucking job and get out of my basement please . I don't care if \ 
your back is all messed up and your liver looks like a river rock , \ 
that's your fault . You even said it would be temporary . 
New haircut , I feel like a new person ! Hooray for growing up and all its awesomeness . Don't like how I look ? Too bad :) cause I don't care what you think ! 
Hah wow just saw the new shake weight commercial on TV ... If you thought the one for women looked suggestive , the one for men is even worse . He says stuff that even makes it worse . \Ooh yep that's it\ " Rofl priceless . " 
Tonight was amazing ... I had a great time and I got like a bazillion complements on my new haircut . Thanks everyone for making my life better in some little way :) Or a big way ... you know who you are . 
School tomorrow , not that much going on ... Homework after school then 3 hours of < PROPMALE > ucational drivers < PROPMALE > . I get up at 5:30 ... and go to sleep on weeknights around 11 ... so thats a really long day O.o OH NEW THOUGHT ! Our school ne < PROPMALE > s to change its hours . We would learn much better starting at nine or ten in the morning as oppos < PROPMALE > to 7:30 . Hey molalla high school , grow a brain please so we can grow ours . 
People people people ... Tired good day . Driving was fun for me but not so much my partner . More of it tomorrow , just on the highway . It will be okay though :) Homework is done and I'm feelin pretty good about life . 
Got into a bad mood after English today . Talking and watching stuff about linching and racism against HUMANS with black colored skin . Fuck that is so stupid . Sorry if I took out my anger towards humanity on you today . 
Had a pretty good day with < PROPFIRST > today . Beat her at pool once , but then I lost at air hokey like five times . Hokey ... that word just doesn't look right . Anyways looking forward to school tomorrow because I get to see my special someone :) 
Hah who would have known that this day would bring a < PROPMALE > life style change for me . I'm selling all of my video games and such ... To my friends who are borrowing some of them , sorry but no give-aways . I need money for what I'm planning . But of course because your my friends , you get a discount . Talk to me if your interested and we will talk prices . 
You are all just jealous of how amazing my life really isn't . Hah . Almost tricked you there . Tired . Stressed . Wonderful . Makes me feel alive . And sick . Ew . 
Suddenly feeling sickly and shakey and not good ): I do not want to go to school tomorrow . But alas , drivers < PROPMALE > must be attend < PROPMALE > . I will just have to suffer . 
Mood right now ? Huge . Droopy . Frowny Face . D: 
Uhg . Insane loneliness . This sucks . 
Three English papers in one night . Well ... One was revised but ... It wasn't that hard . I'm proud of myself . And I'm feeling pretty good about life . Hooray ! 
What happens if it snows over night like a ton ? Will Molalla cancel finals ? Doubt it but I still want snow . 
I miss my friends . Bleh . I can't wait to be back to a populated place . I can't say the word though because that would be stupid . 
Ich möchte wirklich nicht zu Driver's < PROPMALE > morgen gehen , weil es Montag ist , und wir sollen auf den Tag haben . Schrauben Sie Frau Duckworth . Arschloch . Why did I make this < PROPMALE > ? Cause I felt like it . 
Drivers < PROPMALE > is done with finally . My mondays can be full of sleeping now !! Sweet sweet sleep . 
People that I promised myself would not get on my nerves are getting on my nerves . Why would people make decisions that make their life a lie and just generally shitty when the EASIEST PATH is the right one . Cut the bullshit . Be selfish sometimes . You need what you want sometimes . If you don't want what you have , change it please before I go crazy . Or at least make a move to change it . 
Bah I was laying on my bed listening to music and thinking how tired I was and then I passed out . Not fair cause now I'm awake and no one else is . Well almost no one . 
I AM SO FREAKING TIRED . WHY ? I DON'T KNOW ! GOODNIGHT EVERYBODY . 
I AM SO FREAKING AWAKE ! WHY ? I DON'T KNOW ! GOODMORNING EVERYBODY . 
Ahhhgggg People I'm so bored ! Text me or something ! 503-267-8505 
You people . You know who you are . But do I know who you are ? Nope . But you do . And that is what matters . 
I am mildly happy . Looking forward to the weekend . I don't know what else . Just . Stuff . 
UGH . 
\To be conservative requires no brains whatsoever . Cabbages 
Omfg I am totally going to wear a hat to school tomorrow . Huzzah ! On the other hand . You people make me want to kill small children and eat their braaaaiinnnnsssss . I am thinking of writing a story about a zombie apocalypse . Except it wont be stupid and un-real . It will be as rationally realistic as possible . I HAS AN IDEA ! Give me ideas folks for what you want to happen in the zombie apocalypse . 
The troll in the basement freaked out from me shutting the window . It was funny , she thought someone was breaking in so she like ran upstairs screaming \Shit shit shit get a gun ! \ " . Ah . Classic . I am so mean . " 
You people on facebook aren't telling me enough about your lives tonight . I need to be able to silently judge you ! 
I smell like old spice , apples and shaving cream every time I step out of the shower ! Whoo for an orgy of smells that somehow remain good smelling ! 
Got a big fat xmas tree . It smells good and it is drying out in the shop . We will prolly put it up on tuesday . By we I mean me by myself because there isn't any way the troll is touching my tree . And dad works so , it will be fun to try and figure out . 
Listening to angry music getting all pumped up for xmas . This is the way to live . 
( Part One)My educational life is bothering me . I don't want to be in public highschool . There are too many stupid people and stupid teachers alike . I want to go to OOI . I just want to be finished with this place and move on to a nice college , meet new people , have fun , and most of all , control my own FUCKING education . Because it is now obvious to me that I really do not have any control over it . 
( Part Two)This . Is . Fucking . Crazy . Forced to learn what I will never again use . Atleast provide me with something that can get me the same credit for but do something different or apply it differently . And make the teachers actually teach . Because some don't . Fire those ones . 
( Part Three)Because they are a disgrace to teachers who actually do their job well . Because i'm not gonna learn from you assigning me homework I have no clue how to do . Idiots . This has been < PROPFIRST>'s rant for the evening . And Facebook , you suck for limiting my posts to 420 characters . Fuck you too . 
Xmas wishlist :\ 
Money . 
All my friends . Attention . Number between ... whatever you want under 6 characters . I will tell you honestly what I think about you . Huzzah ! Conform ! 
Oh my . Winter break . And nothing to do ! AHHGGG ! Tell me if you want to < PROPFEMALE > out people ! I would be happy to :) otherwise I might die . And it will be all your fault . 
Hello people . I am posting this because apparently the band I am in needs a drummer . Talk to me/ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for more info if your interested . This will prolly not get any reply so I feel stupid posting this . I WAS FORCED T ... * smashing noise * ... * gunshot * .... 
Sudden social depression , sudden urge to hurry up and get to xmas . Sudden burst of joy from the holidays . Sudden sadness that it doesn't make me as happy . Sudden happiness that I was with the person I love today . End result ? A little bit happier then normal . Fuck . 
Dad just tried to tell me that we aren't going up to my aunt < PROPFEMALE>'s for xmas < PROPFEMALE > to see my grandparents . Didn't turn out well for him . We are going . 
Had a good xmas . $100 from my dad . New pocket knife from the troll ER the nice person in the basement . And don't forget loads of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Crap . Every person . Always pre-conceived notions that are false . It always turns out the way I don't want it to . Its always depressing . It would always be better if you didn't do this . It's not going to be better for me if you do . I'm sorry , but I think your wrong . 
Sleep , why do you avoid me so eagerly when I must be up in three hours ? Fucking asshole . Looks like tis an all nighter for < PROPFIRST > . Pray to whatever god you believe in that I make it through the day . 
BOOM ! Headshot . 
I fixed my phone problems and in the process somehow figured out how to fix my issue with not being able to receive anything other than a regular text . Hooray ! 
Cleaned the house- 1 hour 32min record . Booyah . 
I do not want to be famous ; I want only to be known . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower , armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . Will you ? 
I hate when you want to tell someone something but you require them to ask you about it before you can . 
I am writing a story using symbols for creative writing . It is a very serious and saddening issue I am using symbolism to comment on . Someone gets eaten by a T-rex . Good stuff . 
I wonder how people describe me in conversations when they don't know me . 
Got it all printed . Now to mount it . Har-har-har . 
Its alive ! And its ugly ! 
It fascinates me exactly how much young people are in power of the future . These people older than us have done what they have , but we are the future . Amazing . Now we just have to make things right . The question is , will the majority of us make the right decisions ? 
Hold on , I'll explode your brain\ 
With the pain of the world\ 
Its gonna rain down on you\ 
In ways that you wont believe\ 
You wont be able to refrain from\ 
Explaining the pain some\ 
But it will be in ways you cant conceive . 
Funny ways to annoy people : \ 
Invent nonsense computer jargon in conversations , and see if people play along to avoid the appearance of ignorance . \ 
Finish all your sentences with the words \in accordance with the prophesy . \ " \ 
Very ... relaxing day today . Got a lot of past wrapped up , a lot of bleeding wounds finally cauterized . Looking forward to the rest of the week , some new schedule being reveled ? Oh boy ! I sure do love when things take a path out of the old rut where I step in dog shit every day . 
If there was a god , why would it take sides ? Wouldn't it want to preserve the natural way of things ? Why pray ? If god was real , it wouldn't help you . If it did , it would be like you were cheating at life . Therefor I conclude that god does not exist , and strike this debate forever from my mind . Not that it was much of an issue before . 
You know its a good day when your throat and mouth hurts by the end . 
Well lets see . Can't sleep , feel like shit and school tomorrow . Fuck . 
UH wow . Stupid . Dad leaves for the whole weekend , leaves me a note to clean everything in the house , and doesn't tell me where he is going . Also mentions that I can't leave the house or have anyone over . There go my fucking plans , thanks dad . Your always there when I need something messed up . 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > today ! Had fun ! Love you guys ! 
Was on an emotional high , just hit a nice , deep , dark low . It never disappoints . 
Jesus fucking christ . I am hopelessly removed from control of my life by a person with such ignorance as to only blame me for what has happened . I want him to experience what I have to go through . He says he knows more than I do . You fucking do not . 
It seems that my friend's happiness comes in exchange for mind . Like people who are usually sad and depressed are surprisingly happy and fine , or something will suddenly turn around for them when I am thinking if the same thing will happen to me anytime soon . Urrrhhgg . 
Bipolar skies . 
Went to the show for share the love tonight , it was very good . Came home to snow falling all around , and it looks so cool . 
Working on my story for creative writing . Slept for a nice long time thanks to a snow day and I'm feeling pretty good ! 
Oh my , thats a lot of snow . Went in my room for like 5 < PROPFEMALE > , came back out in the living room and there was snow everywhere outside , and its still co < PROPFEMALE > g down hard . 
... The news station says that Molalla just has buses on snow routes . And mine isn't one of them . DUNNO BOUT YOU MOLALLA HIGH SCHOOL BUT IT IS 15 DEGREES HERE AND EVERYTHING IS NICE AND FROZEN . 
Bwwwahahahahah Spent the whole day with Sammii , it was FANTASTIC . Best day in a verrrryyyy long time . 
Finished the part of my story I'm gonna read in creative writing tomorrow . I think it is very good :D good night ! 
Hmmm so I've been thinking about doing this for awhile so here it goes . Cleaning out my facebook friends list , if you don't want to be removed then send me a message . If I don't get one in like a week then you will be removed(family and close friends excluded((you know who you are ))) 
\Annoy a conservative ! Use facts and logic ! \"" 
This day was just about as horrible as it could be . Like , hating the world and seeing the worst side of almost everything , I don't like it when I think like this . My view for the future : There is none . 
Got my new guitar .... Mmmm . Yum . 
\ ... and here at the end\ 
I'm so tired from camping . URG 
Life is ridiculous . How do I tell lie from truth ? It seems again and again I only attract one type of person . 
Losing my voice . 
