is feeling good :) 

just got home from Disneyland , it was awesome :) 
is going to try to go to sleep ... 
just caught the bouquet !?!?!? 
Yay for class being cancelled and a long challenging bike ride to the park with Domeruski :) 
What a game :) 
hates being sick :( 
I don't get why facebook changed how you see what people post and I don't like it either ! 
Just got an unexpected check in the mail from school , found out it's a Pell < PROPMALE > they decided to give me :) I love free money I don't have to give back !!! Happy early birthday to me !!! 
Just rode to the park and back with < PROPMALE > , good times :) 
has a new laptop and the tech guy for the internet on the phone was jealous , so I think I picked a good one :) 
... hmmm 
Come on Baltimore I have faith !!! 
ahhhhh thank God , I passed a very very important test , now the next one is due in a week and the waiting game begins again :) 
Why did I wait so long oh procrastination you when will I ever learn ??? 
2 sections down , 3 to go ... I need a break 
uhhhgggg I'm already dreading getting up in the morning , it's not supposed to be like this ... 
I don't get it ??? 
purple 
so my phone is really clean , unfortunately that is due to the fact that it just went through the washing maching :( Please send your phone < PROPFIRST > ... 
exhausted , but it's a good thing :) 
take , hold , or steal your heart . a person who is a soulmate . a good lover . she pulled an < PROPFEMALE > on my heart . ( she stole or holds my heart ) my heart was < PROPFEMALE > ied . ( my heart was stolen ) watch out she will < PROPFEMALE > you . ( she will steal your heart ) you have yourself an < PROPFEMALE > . ( you have yourself a soulmate ) 
almost midnight and I'm not sleepy grrrrr , I have to be up in 5 hours ... 
the unknown stresses me out ... 
I had an AMAZING weekend at CAHPERD , met some great people and learned so much !!! 
doesn't like being sick ... 
It may be lame , but I get so excited about making my own P.E. equipment :) I made station card holders , I can't wait to use them . 
So far it has been a GREAT day !!! I can't believe how well behaved my students were , I hope it stays that way for the rest of the year :) 
So today got even better , I just found out I got a $1 raise :) 
another GREAT day with my students :) 
Had a great time at the Irvine Improv last night ... March has been a really good month so far :) 
Early release today , work this afternoon and tomorrow afternoon , then Spring Break ... Magic Mountain Monday , Lake Tahoe Tuesday-Thursday , San < PROPFIRST > Friday and Saturday ... SO EXCITED !!! 
just woke up from a nap , what a way to start off Spring break :) 
That was a long one , and it's already on the news lol 
6.9 !!! 
I still feel like we are moving ... 
Had a late afternoon nap and now I can't sleep ... 
kind of exhausted and my voice hurts , but it was an awesome day at Six Flags :) 
tick tock tick tock .... class needs to end so i can start my vacation !!! 
What a great day , snowboarding , walking around Tahoe , cooking and eating a great steak dinner , and now partaking in some adult beverages and watching a movie . Another great reason to be a teacher ... SPRING BREAK for the rest of my life :D 
off to the casino , gotta love Tahoe snowboarding , beautiful scenery and video poker ... what more could a girl ask for ??? lol 
I'm about to drive in San < PROPFIRST > , and I'm a little nervous about it , thank God for GPS ... 
Home Sweet Home :) 
this is going to sound random , but sanding PVC pipe is labor intensive ... 
Pipeline was a success today , the kids loved it and I love that they loved it ... this unit is going to be soooo much fun :D 
TPA Video = Success :) 
UNBELIEVABLY UPSET RIGHT NOW AND ABSOLUTELY NOTHING I CAN DO ABOUT IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UUUUHHHHGGGGG 
YAY Friday :) 
avoiding TPA and I need to start :( 
I have a headache and I need to finish my TPA , not a good combination :( 
TPA done thank GOD !!! 
ahhhh 8 hours of sleep , I can't remember the last time that happened , so nice :) 
Good day :) 
Today was good :) 
waiting around for a phone call is annoying ... 
Graduating with my teaching credential tonight , YAY me and all of great classmates :) 
so close yet so far , and they're not making it easy , but really that's no suprise ... 
It's nice to know that the poeple that matter realize when the people who don't matter are total retards , and that the relationships you have built can withstand the utter stupidity of those people who don't matter :) 
I hate being sick :( 
just woke up from a nap , guess I won't be sleeping too much tonight ... 
Hiked to a waterfall today , it was awesome pictures to come soon :) 
I can't believe it's already Friday , not that I'm complaining lol 
doesn't want to get up ... 
Had a great time at < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding !!! So beautiful and fun :) 
Angels won but Titans lost ... it was a fun day though :) 
What a day ! Who am I kidding , what a year ! I'll miss my students for sure , but I definately won't miss student teaching . I learned a lot about keeping my emotions in check this year when it comes to dealing with crazy people ( the master teachers , not the kids lol ) . Now to find a job , fingers crossed ... 
Tetherball injury ... fingers are not meant to bend that way lol 
Got a scholarship check today that I didn't even know I was eligible for WOOOHOOO !!! 
Just experienced Shave It for the first time ... AMAZING !!! 
sleepy but cant sleep ... 
Three trips to Disneyland in two days = FUN but TIRED 
Applications in fingers crossed :) 
What a day !!! 
Off to go play in the Atlantic ocean , oh yeah and you get to drive on the beach here , and guess what we have a CONVERTIBLE !!! 
Had an AMAZING day at Epcot , cruise leaves tomorrow :) 
Sounds like the Florida weather beat us home , I hope it leaves before I get there , I am ready to be done with the humidity . P.S. We gave up our seats for $400 vouchers , be back in the morning :) 
Chopped 12 inches of hair off :) 
Today was an AMAZING day :) p.s. Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > , better late than never :) 
I don't want to go back to work tomorrow , I really need to get a teaching job !!! 
In the middle of submitting an application and edjoin decides to stop working grrrr !!! 
LOVE my new Indo Board :) 
applications , applications , and more applications ... fingers crossed :) 
I got an interview !!! 
Got another interview !!! 
\The Other Guys\ " was HILARIOUS !!! " 
Got another interview , and this is the one I really want ! Wish me luck tomorrow ... I need to go buy a power outfit :) 
forever the procrastinator ... 
Big day tomorrow :) 
If nothing else I'll be substitute teaching this year :) 
Feel really good about the interview , now I just have to wait and see :) 
I hate waiting ... 
I hope today is my lucky day :) 
anticipation ... 
I wonder if this is God's way of teaching me < PROPFEMALE > ... 
I really just want to know one way or the other ... hopefully the good way :) 
GOT A JOB OFFER !!! I am officially goin to be a paid P.E. teacher WOOOHOOOO !!! 
Signed my contract :) 
can I get a break from my brain ? 
so much work has gone in to making today a reality , it's almost unbelievable ... today I begin my career as a teacher and I am so EXCITED !!! 
So proud of Makayla !!! She did fantastic at her first gymnastics meet , and she placed on vault !!! 
uhhhggg just woke up from a nap , don't feel good , and I have to go to work :( 
Bears are 2-0 WOOO !!! 
3-0 BABY !!! DA BEARS !!! 
Had my first back to school night , it went well :) 
antibiotics need to kick in and work fast , please and thank you :) 
Why did I agreet get 3 shots in one day ? My arem hurts :( 
I'm ready for there to be snow on the mountains !!! 
4 day weekend !!! 
Thank you to everyone who has served , is serving and to those who gave their lives to protect this country . Happy Veteran's day . 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday wishes :) 
Can't sleep ... 
Da Bears !!! 
good people , good times , good night :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !!! 
Done with Costco , it was a good run ... met a lot of great people , I'll miss seeing you guys 5 days a week , won't miss the crazy members though ... really two year old towels that cost $10 and you feel the need to return them , really ?!?! 
DA BEARS !!! Number 1 Baby !!! 
Back to work tomorrow , it was a nice week off :) 
Snowboarding tomorrow :) 
There is nothing like flying down the mountain on a snowboard ... Good day :) 
day one back in the gym , I'm afraid of how I'm going to feel in the morning , but it will all be worth it :) 
24 , I miss seeing you 5 days a week . Last year would have been infinately worst had you not been there with me everyday . We had to laugh together to keep from crying or killing :) You were my first friend I've been on Spring Break with too , and it was a blast . Now we know to keep you away from the cheap stuff lol ... We need to make plans to < PROPFEMALE > out ASAP 
Bears are division champs !!! 
DA BEARS !!! 
Vegas Baby !!! See you in a few days :) 
I got an iPhone :) 
@ Disneyland with the Sanchez's :) 
I can't figure out how to use the check in thing , it just says locating the whole time . And I don't know how to do a mobile upload of a picture . 
I officially have my own apartment in Laguna Hills :) 
First night in the new place :) 
Just made a yummy dinner :) 
Yay , I have direct tv :) 
