Just came back from the Florida mall . Had a nice day . Time to cook dinner , bc Cesars going to be home soon ! 

I really think that at&t rigs their phones to brake just so you have to buy another one . \ 
I'm 4 months away from a free upgrade and my touch screen go's wacko . So dumb .. 
Can't wait to see my inlaws tomorow ! 
gym today 
making ramen noddles 
I love my husband so much ! \ 
I got lucky when he found me . 
the ac in our house broke .... that says it all . \ 
waiting for the repair man to get here thats always fun 
my dog keeps bringing me toys shes got 4 of them sitting on the bed with me lol she's a funny little thing 
why does florida have to be so hot ? 
Just got home from a walk with my father inlaw and my little puppy . 
I have the best husband . \ 
Couldnt ask or find anyone who loves me and takes care of me as well as him . Never have met anyone who truely loved me as much as him . 
I love how Obama is saying he's not going to allow this and that and he's going to see to it . Get his ass out there and start clean up some oil . Talk the talk and walk the walk . All he can do is talk .... 
Waiting on everyone to get home .. Playing fetch with < PROPFEMALE > . 
I want to get collagen shots in my lips . 
going out to the store with my < PROPFEMALE > 
Well hope my dad has a happy fathers day even though he wants to start fighting with me . 
would love some onion rings and a milkshake right about now . 
Im not crazy you are because you dont think like me . 
watching the final tudors episode 
Im in a really good mood today ! 
got to get ready to go out to a cigar shop . 
McDonalds happy meal toys are making kids fat ?!?!? Give me a break its not getting off your butt and doing something thats making you fat . 
I find it amazing that my 4 pound yorkie can snore so loud 
I dont know what I want to do today . 
Just got home had a nice day . Colored and cut my aunts hair , did her nails and toes . Went to the store and now hanging out watching Hell's Kitchen with my hubby . 
Went tanning . Drove around looking a homes/areas in ormond and port orange to buy . 
I might be werid but I love the smell of Lemon Pledge . lol 
Got to start working out again . Been way to lazy these past few weeks . 
One person really need to know about things before they speak not be so angery when the truth is spoken . Sadly they will continue to live in a pretend world . Where they think their shit doesnt stink but in all reality it stinks the worst . This person is truely blind , deaf , dumb and NASTY ! But soon they will fall on their fat fucking ass and have no one to blame but themself . Maybe not , sadly in my family ingnorance is bliss 
Doing all my beauty treatments . 
Guess what happened last night ?? Go outside to smoke find a little < PROPFEMALE > gray kitten ! So cute . 
Hate being upset . Seems like the past week and a half thats all its been . 
The kitten I found is so freaking cute ! She thinks shes < PROPFEMALE > of the couch lol 
Watching WallE its pretty cute 
2nd day of not smoking ciggs . 
Out of 5 animals and 2 people you would think someone else whould be awake besides me . lol 
hmmm thinking about what to do tomorrow ... 
Going to my aunts then gotta go to the store for somethings 
Been out all day running around with my aunt . Home now with my < PROPMALE > ! 
So tired ... Going out tomorrow on a date with my husband . That will be nice , some stress free time with him . 
going out with my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Had a wonderful time with my < PROPFEMALE > today . 
I dont get why I'm everyones scapegoat . So over it though 
I deff need glasses ! 
Has the best husband ! 
Anyone know a good hairdresser in NSb ? 
Waiting for my < PROPMALE > to get home . 
I want so freaking < PROPFEMALE > ! But Im to lazy to drive to the store 
I really do love you ramen noddles ! 
Going out tonight with < PROPMALE > and our good friend < PROPMALE > . 
out for most of the day . 
Went and looked at houses today . Found one I really really liked . Have to look at one more tomorrow . 
House hunting ! 
Chopped all my hair off ! Ran around all morning now its nap time . 
House is a mess . Thats what happens when Im not home to clean everyday . 
Houses Houses Houses all I can think about . Some of these prices these ppl think they can get make me laugh . They got one to many equity lines on their house . 
out for the day 
I want some surf and turf . 
I hate it when my husband randomly steals all my food when Im in the other room . 
I find it amazing that a realator wont pick up his phone when you are looking to BUY something from him . 
For once in my life I want to go to the beach . 
I truely hope for the best 
Looking at REO homes and I have dollar signs in my eyes . I'm going to start doing research on this . And profit off it . 
Time for bed tomorrow is a new day 
boredddd ..... 
I love the rain ! So relaxing 
I freaking eye keeps twitching !! It's been doing it for days . Idk what the deal is but its driving me nuts . And I'm sure I look like a freak . 
boredd 
Why is it men have to have a tv so loud that you cant even think ? I'm so over this . Im going to get him those headphone things so he can hear the tv . And I can have peace . 
back to bed after < PROPMALE > leaves for work . 
not feeling to good today . Freaking weather is screwing me up 
nap , tanning , get ready for work . 
change of plans work tomorrow 
so freaking hot out . Cant wait for winter 
Bored ... Dont know what I'm going to do tomorow .. 
Really hoping my feeling is right . 
aww my < PROPFEMALE>'s cooking brunch . 
Very lazy day . So glomey outside . 
making a pizza yummy ! 
getting ready to go out to < PROPMALE > . 
had a wonderful day with my hunny < PROPFEMALE > ! 
got some cleaning to do . I really dont understand how it gets messy so fast . 
I'm very lucky to have the best husband in the world ! 
cold pasta is the best ! 
sleepy .. I think its nap time .. 
mall cop is a very funny movie 
Sometimes I wish that life had a fast fwd button to go though all the sucky parts 
Gotta do banking stuff oh what fun being on hold ! 
Time to fold clothes ! SO EXCITING ! lol 
making my quilt . coming along quite well 
I love how my father will try and tell me how things are when he doesnt even know what hes talking about . And get pissed when I tell him he doesnt know . His come back is \Thats the law you can change it\ " when it has nothing to do with the law . lol And the dead give away that he doesnt know is he walks away fast . " 
Going grocery shopping today 
making chili 
time to eat some pizza 
Bored outta my mind ... 
I have the weridest animals , my kitten is carrying the dog's toys around . lol 
thinking about laying in the sun .. 
been so sleepy today . gotta get stuff done before < PROPMALE > gets home . :/ 
god is deff . looking after us . 
doing a little shopping online .. 
Just saw a homeless < PROPFEMALE > walking around on the side of the road . Hopefully it doesnt get hit . People please remember before you buy an animal there are sooo many needy homeless sad animals out there in shelters that need homes . Regardless if it comes from a shelter or a breeder its going to love you . Just something to think about . 
been up since 6:30 am went to sams club , the vet , world market still gotta cook and then im done for the day . 
took a little nap my < PROPFEMALE > will be home soon ! 
big bang therory ! funniest show ever 
walmart and world market . 
finally home long day , now I have to clean 
had a long nice day ! only thing that could have gone better was the weather , but its florida 
i love my husband ! 
Taking my kitten to the vet .. 
My family is so werid , like who fights about dishsoap . Lovely way to start the day . 
Cooking dinner for my wonderful husband and then finally sitting down and relaxing for a good hour . Then gotta do dishes and wash clothes . 
wish subway delivered ... 
making homemade breadsticks , meatballs , torttellini and sause yummy ! 
I'm thankful for how blessed I am . Things always workout for the better just have to stick it out . 
Such a nice day . Wish Florida was like this year round . 
my head is killing me .... 
Lots of running around today . 
I love my husband ! Never loved anyone as much as I love him . Was very blessed the day he found me . Its amazing how time flys by . 
My list of stuff to do is almost done ! 
I love being italian bc I can justify eating pizza and pasta everyday . lol 
Just had to fly to the vet with my poor < PROPFEMALE > . I have found out that she is allergic to bees or wasps . Poor puppy is alright though . Very scary 
going to walmart to get the weekly supplys 
Bored ... 
sleepy time .. 
So sick of looking at freaking houses and areas . ALL I want to do is move to New Cannan Ct . Not NC not Fl not < PROPFEMALE > ... Connecticut ! And build my house and be done with it .. BUT will anyone lisen to me ? NOO . But we'll see , Im not moving to a freaking hick town . Like do you really have a brain to think I would EVER EVER move to a town this consiters a gas sation as a grocery store ???? nope , nope , nope not happening . 
cleaning ... 
Quiting smoking is hard . But Im doing pretty good . 
cant sleep . what a shocker that is . 
got an apt in < PROPMALE > . SO freaking nice ! Getting to go shopping for a new living room suite is also a plus . 
I just keep praying everything works out . 
Going though boxes to see whats getting moved and whats not . And going into storage . Found a bunch of stuff I forgot I had so thats a plus . lol 
I think when we have to move again I'm going to hire people to move and pack all my stuff . I'm not cut out to be doing this .. 
Cant wait for < PROPMALE > to come home on Sat so he can deal with all this stuff ... 
I have 2 solid oak end tables and a coffee table that are in really good condition . If anyone want to buy them off of me for $200 . Also have a sleeper sofa and matching loveseat . Sofa has a hole in the cushion . Loveseat is mint . No stains . $350 . Will take $500 if you take it all . 
Boxing stuff up 
I really hate moving just for the reason of everything is in disarray . 
< PROPMALE > comes home tomorrow ! Got some running around to do . Pick up the dry cleaning . Swatch came in for my living room set . Have to look at that . And more freaking packing ! So happy he will be home ! 
so sleepy ... off to get dry cleaning . And look at swatches . 
boxes , boxes , boxes ..... so sick of looking at freaking brown boxesssssss !!! 
I really hope we are moving to Jacksonville ! Means one step closer to want I want . 
Wish I could hire someone JUST to fold clothes . 
I'm freaking borrrredddddddddd ........... 
Time go sooooo sloowww when you are waiting to find out news !! 
Taking a shower and getting ready to go to lunch and to go shopping with < PROPFEMALE > Heil . Hopefully theres some really good sales ! 
I just spent 6 hrs in the mall ... The sad part is I would have spent more time in there if I had a cart lol 
Going shopping again today . Its a dream come true living less then 15 mins away from every mall in < PROPMALE > . 
home form my day of shopping . 
I'm thankful for so much this year ! 
Putting up the Christmas tree . Going to wrap some gifts . 
Cant wait for < PROPMALE > to get home so we can go to the store . 
Cant sleep . Thinking about all the stuff I need to do tomorrow . 
I really do love my husband . 
gotta look at apts again . Moving to Jacksonville . In the mean time folding clothes like a good housewife . 
need to go to jacksonville to look at apts .... 
Looking at the calendar and this is a very busy month . Its all good stuff too ! 
Change\ 
your facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and \ 
invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec . 6 ) there should \ 
be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories from OUR \ 
childhood . THIS IS IN SUPPORT OF STOPPING VIOLENCE AGAINST CHILDREN ! 
Have a little bit of house work today then plan on being a lazy bum 
I'm looking at all these cartoons everyone has on their profile and its funny how most of the ones ppl picked resemble the ppl themselves . 
I love my husband but ohh does he snore ! 
If subway delivered they would make so much money off me .... 
Getting ready to start the day . Going to SeaWorld with my Grandma !! 
making sugar cookies and biscotti 
I want to thank everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! Thank you for all the phone calls , texts and facebook comments/IMS . 
Looking at townhomes and office buildings in NC . 
Cant belive its almost Christmas . 
Watched one of the Charile Brown Christmas movies , They really should make cartoons like that now a days . People wonder why kids today are dumb asses . Look at the crap they watch . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Hope everyone has a good day ! 
Cleaning the house today . Nothing to intresting 
Hanging out with my husband , cleaning the house . Having a nice day ! 
Cleaing the house . In such a good mood today ! 
Cant wait till florida is a distant memory . 
Watching my shows doing house stuff bc Im wide awake 
Normally I'm pretty good at solving problems but today my brain is mush .. 
I have a wonderful best friend . He's more then I could have ever hoped for . I cant belive its almost been three years we've been together . Feels like we've known eachother our whole life . I couldnt have found a better man . Looking forward to spending the rest of my life with him . 
nap time ... 
Why does it have to rain when I need to go and do things ? I really think Florida has it out for me .... lol 
Sleepy , Had a nice day at waterford lakes today . Doing some arts and crafts stuff for Cesars Birthday next week . 
Spending the day with my < PROPFEMALE > . His first day off in 3 weeks . 
my head is pounding . dumb weather 
Well today is my < PROPFEMALE>'s 46th bithday . Going to put together a nice eveing together for him . 
I really have issues with being so short . Even when I stand on things that are tall I still cant reach stuff . lol 
Is anyone else in a crazy good mood today or is it just me ? 
So I'm reading the news online and it looks like daytona beach is having more problems then normal . Publix armed robbery , suspicious package at the court house and an attorney is on propation from the FL BAR . Oh and to top it off had the 3rd dirtist hotel in the nation ( desert inn ) . lol And ppl want to move to dayton whyy ? 
boreddd ... 
Going to eat some ramen then start my day of cleaning 
Monday morning . Let the stress begin . 
I no longer watch Jersey shore but my 46 yr old husband does . lol He makes me laugh . 
Happy ! 
making chocolate truffes for valentines day . 
making so many cookies today for valentines day ! They look so pretty with all their sprinkles ! 
watching the grammys with my < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Valentines Day ! Hope everyone has a wonderful day ! 
Its so pretty outside ! Decorating the house for when my < PROPFIRST > gets home from work . 
Had a wonderful Valentines day with my < PROPFEMALE > ! Hope everyone else did as well ! 
Had a very nice day . < PROPMALE > ad I got our teeth cleaned . Did a little window shopping . And just enjoyed eachother . 
Excited to hangout with my < PROPFEMALE > ALL day Sunday ! 
Excited for the home show this weekend ! And best of all I get to spend the day with my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Making cookies of < PROPMALE>'s work . 
watching my favorite childhood movie 
Going to the Home and Garden show with my < PROPFEMALE > ! 
My husband will find the weridest movies on tv everytime . Hundreds of channels and he finds some werids ones . 
I have nothing to do and I have so much energy ..... 
my poor < PROPFEMALE > has a hematoma on his ear . Anyone have any insite into anything like this ? 
Today < PROPMALE > and I have been \together\ " 3 years . " 
Waiting for < PROPMALE > to get home from work . 
waiting on < PROPMALE > to get home . 
Tomorrow my < PROPFEMALE > leaves for a week .. But good things come of it so thats the bright side of it . 
< PROPMALE > left a few mins ago .... I hope this week go's well and quickly 
God < PROPMALE > me the serenity \ 
to accept the things I cannot change ; \ 
courage to change the things I can ;\ 
and wisdom to know the difference . 
My < PROPFEMALE > comes home today . Hopefully this was a ultra successful business trip ! 
off to walmart . Hopefully theres not to many crazies there tonight lol 
Not feeling to good still from yesterday . But making my < PROPFEMALE > fresh coffee cake for when he gets up and I get get to spend the day with him so thats good too ! 
Doing my daily cleaning . Maybe oder a pizza , really craving pizza 
sleepy ... 
Had a very nice day with < PROPFEMALE > . Went to the Winter Park < PROPMALE > festival . And Borders books . 
Grocery shopping even though I so sleepy ... 
Okay so I'm driving home and see some \gangsters\ " walking one of them had his pants so far off his butt it wasnt even worth it for him to wear pants . You dont look gangster you look dumb . And if you really needed to run you would fall on your face . " 
