It was quiet in the house and all of a sudden we heard whistling and we were like WTF is it ........... and sure enough it was makaila whistling 

Happy new years to all of our friends 
Be optimistic don't you be a grumpy when the road gets bumpy just smile , smile , smile and be happy ! 
long trip home in a couple of hours ... going to bed 
at home playing with makaila 
UGH so frustrated that my head hurts ! 
I finally got Makaila too take her nap ... man she is stubborn when daddy's not home 
Looking for a house is soooo stressful 
At home waiting for < PROPMALE > to get out from work so we can go pick up makaila this is litterally the longest we have been apart from her EVER !!! 
NOT A GOOD DAY AT ALL all this dirt wind and pollen are killing me then the dumb wind blows and the door to my car shuts and locks with my purse and cell phone inside the bad part was that the car was on 
Makaila is napping Hmmm ... what should i take javi for lunch ??? 
Sex and the City pt 2 in may and Twilight eclipse in june OMG i can't wait !!!! 
OMG i hope it doesn't hail by my house last time it did it broke like three windows and my car was horribly damaged !!!! 
Makaila is teething and she doesn't want to eat is that normal ???? 
It's Daughter Week : If you have a daughter who makes your life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just by being around-copy and paste this to your status . Your daughter will outgrow your lap ... but ... never your heart !! 
lol well my past two birthday , s i was pregnant didnt celebrate turning 21 or 22 so for my 23rd i was a pina colada mmmm ... cant wait till tomorrow 
WHY DOES IT ALWAYS HAVE TO RAIN ON MY BIRTHDAY ?! 
trying to get some rest but to much on my mind ugh im so stressed right now !!! 
staying out of this heat ... watching csi at home 
Date night with the hubby yay we are going to see sex and the city 2 !! 
FREE PITBULL PUPPIES 1 MNTH OLD BOYS AND GIRLS THEY ARE ALREADY EATING PUPPY CHOW AND READY TO GO 
need to get rid of my puppies anyone interesterd they are FREE !!!! 
R . I . P Uncle Jr your not suffering anymore you will be missed 
Despite all the drama may uncle jr. rest in peace 
Ok fireworks exploding everywhere and Makaila stays asleep but we get home put her in the crib and the dog barks once and wakes her up ??? 
Ugh its been a long day good nite FB 
The past 2 and a half weeks have been such a roller coaster im so tired hopefully the ride is over and evrything will calm down now 
Makaila is 10 months today WOW time sure does fly !! 
Waitin for javi to get out of work ... i need pick up , do laundry , and make dinner but i dont think makaila is feeling to well she screams as soon as i stand up :( 
aww we really belong together lol we took the twilight quiz and javi is < PROPMALE > and i am < PROPFEMALE > <3 
UGH i am so sleepy but everytime im about to fall asleep Makaila wakes up i think she is doing it on purpose lol 
ugh humidity !! 
we are watching stomp the yard and Makaila started crying i mean literally crying because they shot < PROPFIRST > brown lol !!! 
drinking a couple of coronas with a < PROPMALE > drank one in honor of my < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > cause its his b-day today happy b-day man hope you had a great day !!! 
I only got about 3 hrs of sleep and now im so sleepy that i cant sleep does that make sense ??? 
gonna cuddle up with my baby and force myself to sleep before midnight for once lol 
Lazy day watching TV with my hubby and Makaila we got to enjoy it while we can this week is gonna be busy 
i hate not being able to sleep 
Ok this was weird i am on the Laptop and Javi's ..... READING .... yup very weird 
OMG its almost 2am and Makaila is wide awake and playing with her toys like its daytime !!! 
aw Makiala is playing peek-a-boo like a big girl 
Had a great time at the kermes last night with the family those magaritas were good ! :) 
Childhood is what you spend the rest of your life trying to overcome . Beginnings are scary , endings are usually sad , but it's the middle that counts the most . 
Makaila is 11 months today omg 1 more month and she'll be a year she is growin and learning so fast ! 
As if i didnt have enough on my plate people just keep throwing more shit on time for a serious change ... we got alot to think about ... whats the best for Makaila not anyone else 
If you're gonna make a difference , if you're gonna leave your < PROPFIRST > you can't follow like a bunch of sheep you got to listen to your heart Nothin ventured , nothin gained sometimes you've got to go against the grain ! 
At home with my hubby and Makaila fixing her side of the room man this girl has alot of toys 
My poor baby is < PROPFEMALE > grumpy she has 4 teeth coming out at once 3 are already partially out one more to go 
Last night me and my hubby played old maid and go fish tonight UNO yay !! 
Today our son would have 2 years old . Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! Thank you for watching over us and being our gaurdian angel :) 
Even though Makaila has been walking all month i still havent gotten used to it she is so funny 
We need an < PROPFEMALE > Cadabby cake for Makaila's 1st bday any ideas ? 
Well we went to kmart Makaila came out with an < PROPFEMALE > doll but we didnt see anything that would fit on a cake lol oh well she loves the doll though 
AHHH the search for the < PROPFEMALE > Cadabby cake topper continued today we are going to toys r us tomorrow hopefully we find something pretty 
today we had our mirror broken by an idiot nothing happen to us though thank god 
ugh i wish the weather could stay like this all year 
WTH makaila got confident enough to walk everywhere on her own now she doesnt wanna be with mommy or daddy :( 
YAY today is Javi's birthday happy birthday baby we love u :) 
LOL we spent the majority of the past 2 days at the mall my feet hurt 
well Javi fell asleep looks like its just me and Makaila watching < PROPMALE > Potter :) 
awww at this time last year my contractions started lol and continued for a whole week 
we cant stop watching CSI Miami we are addicted lol 
Wow this week is gonna be busy gotta finish everything for Makialas party and thursday is her birthday 
We are gonna have a picnic on thursday for Makailas birthday and the party is on saturday got lots to do this week . My baby's gonna be 1 this year went sooo fast . 
Today i was cutting Makailas chicken nuggets and she just reached in past the pieces , grabbed a whole one , and took a bite ... she thinks she is a big girl now lol 
a year ago today i got about 6 shots to stop labor but Makaila fought her way out we have been through alot this year and just like our baby girl we made it through fighting and with nothing but good times and memories we love you baby girl 
Thanks to everyone that wished Makaila a happy birthday she had a great birthday we got chased by ducks lol other than that a good birthday 
we have been sooo sooo busy today we are finally finished time for Makailas party yay 
Makaila is playing with all her birthday gifts she is so silly :) 
HUSBAND WEEK ? if you have a husband who makes your life interesting , full of fun & is your best friend , who's been with you through thick & thin & who's a blessing in your life , & you are PROUD to be married , copy & paste with your wedding date ? ? ? 2-9-10 
so im sitting here wondering why my head hurts then i remember oh yea i havent eaten dinner lol 
Aw Makaila gets her shots in the morning poor baby i hate seeing her cry 
Makaila did good today at her dr appt and I found out she likes disturbed lol just like mommy daddy wasn't to happy about that though haha 
YAY ! We are making Makaila a hidden toy room . lol . Im jealous ! I told Javi I want one for me but he said we had to share . haha 
ugh Makaila and javi are asleep already but as much as i try i cant goto sleep lol im gonna wake my babe up so he can keep me company :) i love him 
even though i know im not gonna be able to fall asleep im gonna try nite nite 
I want a < PROPFEMALE > mmmmm ..... 
babysitting three boys haha makaila is going crazy she doesnt want them to mess up her toy room lol 
Makaila was so awesome today she learned how to share and play nicely with boys . Ill admit it was a little challenging to handle a 6 yr old a 2 yr old and two 1 yr olds but it was so much fun :) 
Getting ready for bed Makaila is asleep time for mommy and daddy to goto sleep also 
Makaila helped daddy massage mommies back :) 
We all had an awesome time at the park today Makaila loved the slides and now its time to call it a night Makaila has a dentist appt in the morning :) 
Makailas appt went well she cried a little but she got a purple dinosaur :) 
yes ! Makaila is taking a nap hopefully she wakes up in a better mood 
that nap sooo made her mood worse :( 
Ok so when I'm in a bad mood a nap fixes it when Makaila is in a bad mood a nap only gives her energy to throw bigger tantrums 
Makaila is watching the yankees game and with every point the yankees get makaila claps lol she is offically a Yankees fan :) 
Makaila likes glow sticks the storm knocked out the power so we opened the halloween glow sticks early lol 
Wow we havent been awake this late in a while makaila is barely falling asleep 
We r selling Avon if u or anyone u you know want a catalog pls let us know thanks 
Carpet Cleaning great holiday prices for house or car . Free estimates !! We also clean furniture for more info pls send us a msg thanks ... also new avon catalog with lots of great gift ideas also send a msg and ill take you a catalog to home or work thanks :) 
Avon orders go out tomorrow txt me if you have an order 
Picking up all makaila's toys 
Christmas started early for Makaila she got a tent with a tunnel and a potty yay ! ... Um how do u potty train ? Lol 
Getting ready to go deliver some Avon books 
My Avon order gets in tomorrow morning and makaila just doesnt wanna goto sleep 
Lol makaila just woke up 
My eyes dont want to stay open 
Why is it so hard to fall asleep ?! 
We had to bribe Makaila to wake up early lol 
Cuddled up with my babe but i cant sleep 
We were gonna take Makaila's picture with < PROPFEMALE > but she started crying :( 
STOP ALL 
Ok weird we were asleep by midnight but my status and some ppl got msgs from us at 3 am it wasn't me or javi ... Makaila ? Lol 
Ugh I hate hate hate wal mart in december 
At home reading the very hungry caterpillar and brown bear brown bear with Makaila I love these books 
Ugh why oh why won't this headache just go away it is torture 
So < PROPMALE > threw a bottle and missed the trash can and Makaila went got the bottle gave < PROPMALE > a dirty look and threw it in the trash walked by picked up his sock frm the floor and handed it to him she is soooo awesome lol 
So yesterday makaila got mad at javi cause he left his socks on the floor and today < PROPMALE > is finding all of makailas socks lol 
Getting ready to make buñuelos YUMMY !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of our friends and family out there from the states to kuwait you are all in our prayers and thoughts 
Makaila had so much fun with all her new toys she forgot to take a nap lol man that little girl is so awesome she loved ripping all the paper off the gifts thanks < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Letita , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFEMALE > and of course all grandmas and grandpa for all these wonderful gifts . 
Ugh I hate hate hate my wisdom teeth in so much pain I mean really what's the point of them 
Getting my inspection stick nxt time ill listen to javi and not wait till the last < PROPFEMALE > we got an hour wait 
Wanna see how many ppl crash cause they can't drive in this weather 
We are spending the new year safely at home . Thank god for 2010 the good and the bad because without the bad we wouldn't be as strong as we are . Going in to 2011 only hoping for the best . Hope everyone has a good and safe night 
Ugh I have this horrible feeling I'm forgetting somerhing 
Omg now I know I forgot my show its sunday duh 
Thank you hulu is it to late to ask for a dvr for christmas hmmm maybe for < PROPFEMALE > de los < PROPMALE > lol 
So I choose makailas clothes black pants black undershirt pink shirt and black and pick shoes and daddy dressed her I apparently for got to pick out socks cause we got to the resturant and she has YELLOW SOCKS javi said makaila picked them lol 
Yay I made my hubby beans and didn't burn them happy and sad he gotta work tomorrow but gotta start the year right thank you god for all u help us with 
Made breakfast packed javi lunch he's off to work and me and < PROPFEMALE > are gonna watch < PROPMALE > 
One more hour till my babe gets home making a list cause we definetly need groceries 
Ugh about another hour till my babe gets out making dinner chicken tacos sopa and nachos mmm pls time speed up 
Ahhh makaila is having mood swings 
Haha we ate gorditas for dinner and makaila emptied the meat out and put the outside on like a mitten 
Uh I hate trying to goto sleep early it's such a waste of time i know it's impossible 
I have sooooo\ 
much to do and I can't do nothing 
Finished dinner , most of the cleaning , got my order in now I just need to clean the restroom , put the laundry away , and pick up Makaila's toy room mess today has been a good day hopefully my baby gets out on time ( fingers crossed ) 
Guess he isn't getting out on time to make it to the meeting its ok nxt time 
so i havent been on fb since the morning and now i see im a pisces wtf ???? Makailas makes sense she is totally a < PROPFIRST > i have always said that but not javi he is a virgo 
Missing my baby while he is at work I hate having to drive lol im < PROPFEMALE > not used to being the driver 
< PROPMALE > is asleep so having movie nite with makaila <3 
We are watching < PROPFIRST>'s angels and makaila is spinning and kicking lol adorable !!! 
Thinking about going back to sleep made breakfast and lunch for javi but me and Makaila are still sleepy after our movie night 
Plans for the day ummm < PROPFIRST > reynolds marathon lol starting with < PROPFIRST > wilder :) 
Ugh I hate when ppl mess up my damn day so early hopefully today goes by fast and if not hope no one gets in my way 
Ok so all day has sucked the best thing to do is go to sleep hopefully when I wake up ppl stop giving me shit 
Shoulda stayed asleep 
I love my baby he knows how to make my shitty day go away <3 
Lol Makaila has learned to < PROPFEMALE > walk hilarious ! 
This week is definitely what u call a BAD WEEK and it's barely half way over 
In pain :( hopefully today goes by fast 
Ok pain gone wife and mommy mode time to clean :) 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Tucker must die I <3 this movie makaila is falling asleep hmmm what to make the hubby for dinner ?????? 
At home with my babe and < PROPFEMALE > I love family time :) gonna cuddle up and watch some movies 
I hate morning my hubby leaves for work makaila is asleep and now I'm cold and can't sleep anymore 
Yesterday I read an article in a baby magazine saying that if by 18 months ur baby isn't saying 15 word to tell ur dr even though makaila is only 16 mnths I decide to count makaila woke up at 10:20 and my list is at number 30 lol 
I hope javis car is fixed today cause my toes are frozen I really hate being out in the cold lol lots to do today 
My hubby is sleeping we both had lots of work today but makaila doesn't want to sleep I have my work cut out for me tomorrow thank god I can do it all at home :) LADIES ORDERS DUE by 3 o clock tomorrow plz 
Makaila is finally asleep no I can go to sleep with the hubby lotz to do manana 
Haven't been able to get much work done today :( I need my baby to take a nap so I can get some work done here 
There comes a time in life , when you walk away from all the drama & people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make u laugh , forget the bad & focus on the good . So , love the people who treat you right . Pray for the ones who don't . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Falling down is part of ... LIFE ... Getting back up is LIVING . Re-post if you agree 
ugh me and makaila are sick I cant think of the last time ive ever had an ear infection but omg this hurts so bad makaila is at the doctor with daddy and i just finshed my work hopefully we get better fast !! 
Makaila is finally able to take nap hopefully the meds help now to wait till my hubby gets out so he can pick up mine i feel sorry for ne one that ever had an ear infection cause man this shit is horrible 
The pain is getting worse ugh idk what to do anymore I just want it to go away 
Thank god makaila is doing alot better today still has a little cough but shes back to herself lol 
OMG i f*n hate waiting 
Yay my ear doesn't hurt anymore it's just like sore lol time to goto bed my hubby and makaila are already knocked out 
Can everyone that has our number pls send me a txt with your name Javi decided to wash my cell phone in the washer with his work clothes by accident so i have no contacts anymore 
Finally in bed guess I'm going phone shopping in the morning lol I liked my blackberry :( poor phone 
I am so grateful to my hubby I got so behind on all my house work this week with me and < PROPFEMALE > being sick and tonight while I caught up on my work he helped with the house work I love u bby 
If my throat didnt hurt so much i would scream UGH FML 
Ok so I have tried everything I can think of and my throat still hurts i give up when my hubby gets home I'm taking shots of CROWN 
Makaila is finally getting sleepy gonna cuddle up with the hubby :( both of us back to work tomorrow 
Ok so i can honestly say I'm not sick anymore but my ears popped like two days ago and I still can't hear anything ugh it's so frustrating 
Me and makaila r drinking a Capri sun I tell her don't squish it babe it'll splash u first thing I said first thing she did lol she didn't cry or laugh she got up grabbed my Capri sun and threw them both in the trash WTF lol 
Eating applebees with the hubby and < PROPMALE > 
installed Facebook for Windows Phone 
Whoop whoop packers baby 
Going to bed my hubby is already knocked out had a good time with our neighbors today 
Happy anniversary babe I love u one yr married 
love being married to my wife happy anniversary my love muah 
A year ago today I married the man of my dreams he has been a great husband and an awesome daddy he is the rock of our little family I love u babe 
So tired good nite fb 
Ugh today sucked I miss my babe well at least it won't be too long anymore 
ok i am sooo not used to this anymore i need more than 5 hrs of sleep 
WHOOP WHOOP carne asada time 
Happy Valentines Day everyone got lots of things to do tomorrow the good thing is I'll be with my hubby all day I love u babe :) 
idk what to make for dinner any ideas 
Does anyone know any cheap apartments ............ where its safe to to have kids pls 
Going to bed pure fuckn stress today man tomorrow will be better god will see us through this hopefully we find an apt soon thanks everyone for ur help 
OMG MAKAILA ATE B.R.E.A.D LOL we don't say the word cause then she will spit it out 
What a long day ugh good night got another long day coming up gonna cuddle up with the hubby nite fb 
So hungry umm what to eat hmmm ???? 
Ahhh ! I want cookies but not like package cookies :( mine didnt come out 
Damn finally home gonna watch some movies and rest it was a long day 
Ugh javi is crashed out and here I am in the dark CAN'T SLEEP 
Im so hungry ... the steaks are marinated and the corona is in the fridge yumm ... 
Damn my monthly phone < PROPMALE > is cheaper than one full tank of gas . I pay more for gas than i do for my car payment a month . 
Had an awesome time at ascarate today and playing wii . We are tired lol makaila is snoring she had fun with her cousins :) 
Ugh at the dr. office with Makaila shot time my poor baby 
We got some < PROPMALE > choices ahead of us el paso has always been home but will this be our last year here ... hmmm ? The real question is whats best for Makaila ? 
Hopefully today goes by fast so much stuff I just wanna get it over with 
Ugh so someone steals my grandmas checks and now im stuck downtown with her and my mother ... great 
I need a haircut Javi likes it long but I dont agree anyone know a good place ? or person ? I need ideas 
I wish the year would go by faster 
Hungry and I have no idea what to make for dinner 
Ugh WTF Makaila loves playing with sand so we figure let's goto the park UH ... NO turns out the parks have wood chips in the playground now not sand last week the sand was still there 
Does anyone know of any parks that have sand in the playground not wood chips 
Yay we found sand Makaila is already digging a hole lol she loves dirt 
Ok today is a coffee day 
Aw my poor baby woke up frm her nap and she doesn't feel too good 
Yay my baby is looking better today a little weak but way better than yesterday thank god 
Man we just wasted too much money I hate you TX surcharge program !!! Well at least now me and Javi have nothing to worry about 
