I like Pie 

You know . It's fascinating . My dad has been around 62 years only to find out that legally he doesn't exist , and technically I don't exist . Very strange indeed . 
In a world , where the government became corrupt , respectable jobs were hard to find , and money was only a notion ... ... wait , cant I just say ' On earth . ' ? 
Just realised how much my profile picture doesnt fit me . At all . 
Another day ... ... Another day . 
So god-d***ed lonely it's not even funny ... 
People . if you want to hook me up , avoid the ' hefties ' . 
If you shoot yourself in the middle of a < PROPMALE > , would anyone hear it ? 
In a car , there are many fuses . And sometimes they burn out . You could replace the fuse but then again sometimes the fuse will simply burn out again . You could ignore it but then eventually your car simply wont work . You could also choose to use a bigger fuse and risk destroying the fuses purpose . Sometimes it's just better to fix the problem than to worry about the little things that keep the problem livable . 
Another day im not talked to . what a suprise . 
What would you say to a good freind who is dating someone who uses possesion as an excuse to beat them , Gets them arrested , Fights with them on a nearly daily basis and gets angry whenever they go anywhere or do anthing without them ? I'm out of solutions . 
I have a feelin ... That tonights gonna be a good night . 
Hopefully I'll sleep longer than anone expects tonight ... 
Ah . Fun happy time ? Me happy is yes . 
Like status updates ? I gots status updates ! Heres Status update . :P 
The most ANNOYING thing POSSIBLE while surfing the web would definatly be web < PROPFEMALE > s that automatically play music or audio in general upon loading the < PROPFEMALE > . Do you people have no respect for us listening to our OWN music that we LIKE ? 
Smoking ban ? Forced Insurance by law ? Mandatory Seat belts ? These new laws make me wonder one thing . Where the FUCK did the constitution and < PROPMALE > of rights go ? 
God Im bored ... 
Get to work the next 5 weekends strait . Big paychecks , here I come ! :D 
bored . lonely and poor ... Hm . Wonder why work seems like an excape ... 
:-/ Hm . 
Why are all the girls that I might have a < PROPMALE > with too young or taken ? 
is bored , annoyed with a lack of activity , and blah . 
I'm done trying for things . I'm just done . Come whatever may . 
Life is like a box of chocolates . Have too much and you die from diabetes . 
Is bored 
Hm . People keep telling me I deserve to burn in hell but they never give me a ticket . I'm hurt . :( 
I am sick of hearing peoples BS about what they like in people and what their problems are . Seriously , if you have an issue with something someone does , maybe you ARE the problem . If you learn to accept people and not say or do stupid ass shit , then MAYBE people would agree with or like you more . And before I am asked because I KNOW it's coming , No , I am not targeting a specific person . I am targeting EVERYONE . 
I am coming to realize something . What's the point of being a cheerful person when all you do , even if it's your job , seems to backfire on you ? I would normally be inclined not to post this but I'm starting to not care what people know about me . I make one mistake and it's all over with anyway . So , I am going to try something new and go with an old saying of mine that I used to use for comedy . Emotions are pointless . 
death , depression , despair . You know the shpeil by now . Figure it out . 
The\ 
new Linkin Park album is a serious let down . If you liked the old \ 
Linkin Park albums ( Hybrid Theory , Meteora or even Minutes to Midnight ) , \ 
I can guarantee you will not like ' A Thousand Suns ' . I'd rather have a \ 
thousand suns hit me than listen to it again ... Yeah . That bad . 
I absolutely hate these facebook things that post under you and make it look as though you are a giddy fanboy of some useless thing . Seriously , If you have to do that , nobody cares . Get used to it . 
Need a outing . Hm . 
May all those who make a special note , whether good or bad , of me go to their appropriate destinations in life . I choose to live on the fence of neutrality so that I may separate myself from those who fall . 
... That's enough . Stop the lies , stop the games and stop the stupidity . That is all . 
Whelp . Guess I have alot more free time on my hands . Allot less income though . 
is bored . 
Saw a rather funny sight while I was driving . A bird trying to fly against the wind . Flapping it's wings like crazy but moving over about a foot a minute . lol 
Hmmm ... What am I thinking ? Well lets see here , a < PROPFEMALE > for your thoughts right ? Well that price was claimed almost months after the creation of the first ' dollar ' currency , used in South < PROPFEMALE > before the foundation of the USA , and applying an appropriate amount for inflation and currency equivalency ... That'll be US$10 . 
Fucking bullshit . Everything is just Fucking Bullshit . Goodnight all . 
I like life again . :) 
Ok peeps . Been too preoccupied to be on facebook lately . So if you want to chat , send me a message . Don't know who'd wanna talk to ME though . lol 
