Happy New Year ! 

For some reason Facebook isn't letting me accept certain requests ... keeps kicking me out and forcing me to log on again . Please be patient until I can figure out what is going on . 
Need presents for my tree in Farmville ! LOL ! Only six away from a full tree ! 
Have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends ! 
Can't believe the incompetent morons that this town hires in its medical community . Can't get a job sweeping floors at McDonalds or pushing carts at Wal-Mart ? Come to Brookings and be a medical receptionist ! 
Actually getting caught up with my notifications ! LOL ! 
Describe me in ONE word , using the FIFTH letter of your MIDDLE name on the third tuesday after the vernal equinox when Jupiter and < PROPFEMALE > are in alignment and we elect a president that actually tells the truth for a change . This is fun . Answer me and then copy as your status and see what people say about you . HA ... THIS should be interesting ... 
2010 is definitely not off to an auspicious start . 
May be taking some time away from Facebook after tonight . Got hit with another biggie today , which makes two in less than a week . Not feeling very sociable right now . Sorry . 
Getting hit with hurricane force winds ... and the storm after this is supposed to be even worse ?!? 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . ? So love the people who treat you right . ? Forget about the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , they just promised it would be worth it . ~ Post this to your wall if you agree . ~ 
It's not a workplace ... it's hell with flourescent lighting ! LOL ! 
Go to Urbandictionary.com and enter your first name into the search . Copy and paste the first entry ( no cheating and picking the one you like the most ! ) < PROPFIRST > : The snail pet of the Sponge < PROPMALE > square pants . < PROPFIRST > is the underwater equivilant of a cat . 
Please don't send me Farmville spam . Sorry , but the sites that promise free Villas , flying wombats , or that new 30 x 30 helicopter pad expansion don't work ! THANK YOU ! :-) 
Arthritis sucks 
Why do the TV stations treat people like they have a 5 year-old mentality ? 
Question : What gives any one person the right to force their will on another without the other's consent ? Is this not called coercion ? 
Some examples : If I were to demand money out of someone under threat of force , that would be considered armed robbery . If an institution demands money out of someone under threat of force , that is considered paying their fair share . 
If I were to kill someone because I regarded them as a threat to my life or way of doing things , that is considered murder . If an institution kills someone because they consider them to be a threat to their existence or challenges their way of doing things , it is considered patriotic and honorable . 
If a man straps a bomb to himself and blows up innocent people , he is considered a terrorist . If a man fighting for an institution uses a fighter plane to drop a bomb on an apartment complex of innocents , he is considered courageous . 
If a man calls his creator by a different name than the institution , he is considered to be a heretic and therefore must be persecuted and tortured . If a man persecutes and tortures heretics in the name of the institution , he is considered a saint and is to be honored above others . 
Why is this ? 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! 
Please people , if you are going to make immature and hateful comments , don't bother adding me to your friends list ( not that the two offenders are around any longer to read this ) . Thank you ! 
Gotta love Fely's Cafe ! Talk about a monster hamburger ! ROFL ! Their idea of a quarter pounder compared to McDonald's is like putting a quarter on a dinner plate ! :-P 
Just a couple of thoughts ... 1 . Communication is always a two way street . 2 . You get out of a relationship exactly what you put into it . I'm talking ALL human relationships , not just romantic ones . Approach people with love and kindness , and you will get love and kindness in a return . 3 . Technology is a hopelessly poor substitute for social skills . 4 . One word answers are not a conversation . 
That there are more fish in the ocean was never disputed . The question is what the hell are you using for bait ? 
Computer went tits up yesterday . Just got Windows reloaded ... Will be on as I am able over the next couple of days . Going to be all about reload , update , and data recovery for me . Sorry folks . 
Whew ! Mission critical drivers and programs back online ... still have plenty to do , but at least are up and running again ! 
Lost four trees on our property today ... took out a chunk of the road too when the roots came through . 
Make that five trees down 
A true friend doesn't care what you're wearing , if your home is tidy or not , if your car is making funny noises , that you only have $5 in the bank this week , or that you and your loved ones aren't perfect ... A true friend just loves you for you ! Repost this if you have at least one true friend . ? 
An example at how broken our society has become . Last Friday we had five trees come down in that last storm . Found out that we could sell the logs to the lumber mill to help recoup the cost of the clean-up and minor damage . Found out yesterday afternoon we need GOVERNMENT PERMISSION to remove those trees from OUR OWN PROPERTY and sell them to the mill ! 
.... Their reasoning is that they might be STOLEN . WTF ?!?! Since when do people steal trees ?!? Is it now Grand Theft Arbor to sell my own trees without permission ? LOL ! 
It's all about mind over matter ... I don't have a mind anymore , and none of it matters . 
Throwing yet another cellphone in the junk drawer . Why do I keep letting people convince me that I actually need these things ? ROFL ! 
Zombie Apocalypse ! Gotta love it ! MWAHAHAHA ! 
Hmmmm ... Farmville Anonymous ... not a bad idea ! ROFL ! 
Yep , it's a legitimate alert ... THERE IS A VIRUS SPEADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANYTHING FROM ME OR ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU -TUBE . SNOPES JUST CONFIRMED . IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS CALLED KOOBFACE . IT WILL STEAL INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK . PLEASE REPOST THIS IN YOUR STATUS 
Arthritis attack ... I'll talk to everybody tomorrow hopefully 
Happy St. Paddy's Day ! 
I heard there is supposed to be a glowing ball in the sky called a sun ... Has anybody seen it lately ? 
So where is everybody tonight ? 
The opposite of bravery is cowardice . The opposite of courage is conformity . 
“Experience hath shewn , that even under the best forms ( of government ) those entrusted with power have , in time , and by slow operations , perverted it into tyranny” ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Thoughts on Obamacare ... What I don't understand is why they couldn't have simply extended Medicare/Medicaid to anyone who wants it , and have some kind of a sliding scale based upon income regarding payment into the system ? That way people have the option of opting out or upgrading to better insurance as they see fit . Simple , effective , no politics or dirty tricks involved . 
\Resistance to tyrants is obedience to God . \ " ~ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > " 
So , we just passed a health care plan written by a committee whose chairman said he didn't understand it , passed by a Congress that exempts themselves from it , signed by a president who smokes , with funding administered by a treasury chief who didn't pay his taxes , all to be overseen by a surgeon general who is obese , ........... and financed by a country that's broke ??? ( Repost if you think it's crazy too . ) 
If you don't have time to live your life now , when will you ? :-) 
Got my hair cut , sold the Camaro , and getting married next weekend ! 
Don't know what to believe anymore . Maybe ignorance is bliss . 
Wish Heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new , I thought about you yesterday , and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart ..... Repost if you have someone in Heaven 
Ya know you're bored when you do a rolling burnout in a Ford Expedition and then proud of yourself for doing it ! :-P 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke as a joke , your house is a mess , you are drunk as a skunk , or your familly is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one .... true friend 
Please repost as your status ! If someone comes to your front door saying they are checking for ticks due to the warm weather and asks you to take your clothes off and dance around with your arms up , DO NOT DO IT ! THIS IS A SCAM ! They only want to see you naked . I wish I'd gotten this warning yesterday . I feel so stupid . ;^) 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want , to be accepted . Most people probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and ... this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding . 
\Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate . \ 
\Never be bullied into silence . Never allow yourself to be made a victim ; accept no ones definition of your life ; define yourself . \ " - < PROPMALE > Fierstein " 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
Please post this to your status if \ 
youknowsomeone who was killed on the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish for 2010 is\ 
thatpeoplewill understand that the Rebel Alliance are murdering \ 
scum . TheEmpirejust wants to bring peace to the galaxy , but these \ 
rebelscontinue to kill our brave brothers in white ... 93% of those \ 
who seethis won't post ; will YOU make this your status for at least \ 
one hour ? 
Reaching for my bottle of Fukitol 
Thinking that when a microwave oven starts buzzing and making bright flashes like something out of a mad scientist's laboratory , something is wrong with it ... That or maybe the smoke coming out of the element was a clue as well ! LOL ! \ 
\ 
* sigh * Guess I'll have to go look for a replacement oven today . 
Been a very long day here ... had to take my father into the hospital for congestive heart failure . He's doing Ok now ... but it was close . Couple that with a failure of my CPAP machine last night and loss of a nights sleep , and I am beyond exhausted . So with that said , I will talk to everyone tomorrow . 
Got chewed out by a neighbor this morning because a friend's dog chased a squirrel up a tree on OUR property ! Why do people have to be so petty ? 
Great ... Nigerian/419 scams starting to appear on Facebook . Grrrrrr ... 
There\ 
comes a time in life when you have to let go of all the pointless drama\ 
and the people who create it , and surround yourself with people who \ 
make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus solely on the \ 
good . After all , life is too short to be anything but happy . * REPOST \ 
THIS * 
Drama Queens B Gone ! 
Happy 4th of July ! 
Looking for creative ( and funny ) ideas on how to destroy a cell phone ! 
\All\ 
comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless \ 
drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people \ 
who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the \ 
good . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree 
\If you feel it you can heal it ! If another ' makes ' us feel angry/hurt 
Oh my goodness ... < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > was caught with marijuana . Am I supposed to give a rat's ass ? 
Dayum ! What is with everybody walking down the middle of the street ? Is this national \I dare you to turn me into a road pizza day\ " today ? LOL ! " 
To all my friends : THANK YOU so much for the birthday wishes ! It really was appreciated ! Day went really well ... just relaxed with some primo steaks on the BBQ ! LOL ! Couldn't ask for better ! 
Here's one ... You know it's bad that if dollars were expressed in light \ 
years , the derivatives bubble would be greater than the entire universe ! \ 
ROFL ! 
Had a < PROPMALE > to give Ubuntu-Linux a test drive last night ... VERY nice ! \ 
It's very clean , secure , does everything I need it to do ( including \ 
OpenOffice which is MS Office compatible ) , social network friendly , and \ 
best of all it's FREE ! Even better is that it will run within Windows or OSX environment giving the best of both worlds ! \ 
Thinking it might be time to give Micro$oft and Apple the Italian salute ... 
Successfully got Farmville to run in Linux . Means I should be able to run any FB game or app now . Trick is getting Flash to load correctly . Next feat will be loading in Yahoo IM . < PROPFIRST > , I'll contact you a little later with the details ... thanks ! 
Denial is when you believe the true to be false . Delusion is when you believe the false to be true . 
Could it be that the reason Friday the 13th is considered unlucky is because on Friday 13 , 1307 was when all members of the Knights Templar were arrested and executed by by order of the < PROPMALE > of < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Rang dang diggity dang da dang ! 
This is the letter that I sent to Pastor Jones of the Dove World Outreach Center regarding his proposed \International Burn a Koran Day\ " ( see comments below for the actual letter ) " 
Thinking Meguiar's Scratch-X 2.0 is THE best cleaner/scratch remover out there ! Can't believe how well it buffed out the parking lot rash on the Expedition . 
\A\ 
No one wants to be the hero anymore . We're all too caught up playing the victim . ~ Rebecca Flack 
Question for people who have bought and/or sold online ( eBay and whatnot ) ... Person A has an item up for sale . Person B declares that they wish to purchase said item , makes an offer to buy the item for the set price , and requests a total for shipping . Person A comes back and says that they will provide an estimate and address for payment . Is it reasonable to assume that a deal had been reached ? 
I give up 
My spidey sense is going off big time right now ... 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who suffers from stupidity . Stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now ! There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . ... 93% won't copy and paste this .. because they don't know how to Copy and Paste . Will you ? 
Another bit of bad news today . Mother got tests results back from x-rays done on her knees , and doctor has diagnosed it as severe osteoarthritis . Very high probability that surgery is going to need to be done . If this happens good probability that I will not be around very much over the next couple - few months . Situations like this family obviously must take priority . Will keep advised as situation develops . 
Think if people paid half the attention to a real person as they do their fake fish and gardens , most of Facebook would be walking around in eternal bliss ! LOL ! 
Why not call it Erection Day ? All the campaign talk really amounts to is mental masturbation anyways ! LOL ! 
If ignorance is bliss , why aren't more people happy ? 
-- m(^0^)m -- 
Remember , remember the Fifth of November ... 
When does a < PROPFEMALE > become an expectation ? 
Violence is the last resort of the incompetent 
Yeah , I think I just saw my sanity roll under the desk . Trying to reach it ... but everytime I think I've got a grip it seems to slip away ! 
Happy 11/11 ! 
Special\ 
needs kids aren't sick or gross . They only want what we all want : to \ 
beaccepted . Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and \ 
leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education \ 
Week , this is in honor of all children made in a unique way 
And as of 6:50 a.m. this morning ... nothing happened . 
VIRUS .... spreading\ 
like wildfire on FaceBook ! It is a trojan worm called koobface . It will\ 
steal your info , invade your system and shut it down ! DO NOT open the \ 
link Barack Obama < PROPMALE > Scandal ! If SmartGirl15 requests you , don't \ 
accept it ; it is a virus . If somebody on your list adds her , then you \ 
... get the virus to ... 
For the love of God , why is our sink hole caused by a broken water main making it on to all the Armageddon/End Times websites ? I'm sorry , but it has nothing to do with pole shifts , space aliens , punishment from God for not electing a Republican governor , and yes I was joking about it being a black hole ! Good grief ! 
Is it possible for an imperfect being create true perfection ? Better yet , it is possible for a perfect being to truly create imperfection ? Hmmm ... 
The Indian Ten Commandments\ 
Treat the Earth and all that dwell therein with respect\ 
Remain close to the Great Spirit\ 
Show great respect for your fellow beings\ 
Work together for the benefit of all Mankind\ 
Give assistance and kindness wherever needed\ 
( continued ) 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends ! 
ENOUGH with Black Friday already ! Thanksgiving is about being thankful for the blessings that we have and sharing with those people in our lives that matter ; NOT about mindless consumption and feeding the corporate fat-cats ! 
Have two very close friends that lost a parent this last week . Please people , as we go into this holiday season remember to tell those who matter to you that you care about them ... when all is said and done it's the love that we share with others that is the ONLY thing that matters in this life ! 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB until the 6th of December as a sign of support in the fight against child abuse . 
Big breasts and small breasts are like Coke and Pepsi . Men may state a preference , but they'll take whatever is available as long as its not flat . :-P 
Think I better quit while I'm behind ... LOL ! 
There is something fundamentally wrong with a society when you can buy a Taser with a built in mp3 player ! ROFL ! \ 
http://www.itaser.com/ 
May your holiday season be filled with peace , joy , and abundance ! 
Well , this is turning out to be the Christmas from hell . On hospital watch for both parents right now . 
For beautiful eyes , look for the good in others ; for beautiful lips , speak only words of kindness ; and for poise , walk with the knowledge that you are never alone . \ - < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn " 
You were born an original . Don't die a copy . ~ John < PROPMALE > 
They say everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy , but you will ALWAYS LOVE them .... Re-post if you are blessed to have at least 1 of these friends in your life 
I think I'm at the point that looking at the weird and screwball things going on in this world as of late , all I can really do is pull out the lawn chair , grab some popcorn , and watch the show ! LOL ! 
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another . ~ < PROPMALE > De Condorcet 
Isn't it interesting how people will kill for a belief , often will die for a belief , but almost never question the belief or where it came from ? 
FUCK IT !!!! 
Alright ... don't ask me about the game ! LOL ! It's now 9:00 pm , and I didn't even know it was Stuperbowl Sunday until about 15 minutes ago ! ROFL ! Shows how much I care ! :-P 
In my world , everyone's a pony and they eat rainbows and poop butterflies ! 
Nice to get some of that game chatter silenced ! 
Happy Fearless Leader day ! :-P 
Tsunami sirens going off ! 
Tsunami alert has gone off ... areas around the beach and port are being evacuated . Apparently a < PROPMALE > earthquake off of the coast of Japan is responsible . Tsunami is expected to arrive about 7:15 a PST according to the NOAA who has apparently issued the highest level warning . Estimated wave height will be about 6 feet . 
Thoughts and prayers to the people in Japan ... news reports indicate that Tokyo got hit hard by 8.9 earthquake and 13 ft tsunami . \ 
Thoughts and prayers to the people of Hawaii ... 
Well , should know what's going to happen any moment 
Water levels dropping ... 
Overall looks like we were fortunate . Couple of fishing vessels were sunk , some damage to the piers . Apparently a body was found down in the port . 101 south has been closed as a precaution . 
I am a gun owner . I do believe in the right to keep and bear arms . One Facebook person has challenged all gun owners to put this on their walls . The Supreme Court of the United States has affirmed that the right to keep and bear arms is a fundamental right of the individual . If you believe in the 2nd Amendment and you are not afraid to show it , put this as your status 
Officially deaf in left ear as of this morning due to infection . Doc says that hearing will return in time ; for now letting the ear drain . Talk about a lesson in appreciation and gratitude ... amazing the things we take for granted until we don't have them anymore ! 
