Woo now I have a profile picture , thanks to the lovely < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . :) 

If I have one more migraine I think I'm going to cut my own head off . So sick of this crap . I need a lobotomy . 
I'm having my internet cut off after today . Hopefully I will be able to turn it back on before too long , but we shall see . So I won't be facebookin for a while . 
Hm . My internet is still on . Hello Cox cable , I hope you don't expect me to pay for this ??? 
My internet is back on !!! Hurray !!! 
Thank you thank you thank you everybody for the happy birthdays !!!!!!! 
Ring the bells that still can ring . \ 
Forget your perfect offering . \ 
There is a crack in everything . \ 
That's how the light gets in . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Cohen , Anthem 
Forgiveness is the name of love practiced among people who love poorly . The hard truth is that all of us love poorly . We need to forgive and be forgiven every day , every hour-unceasingly . That is the great work of love among the fellowship of the weak that is the human family . ~ Henri Nouwen 
Yeah i had fun saturday night . Ended up swimming in a pool at four in the morning . In jeans . Yep that was fun . Now i have an ear infection and cant hear out of my left ear . I have 2 different kinds of ear drops that i have to use every 6 hours . Friday i have to go back to the doctor for an \ear wash\ " which sounds charming . All this for one night of letting my hair down . This makes me feel very old . " 
So it turns out i am off work for the next two nights . Anybody want to cause some trouble with me ? 
I can hear again ! Its lovely . I will never take my ears for granted again . OK yeah i probably will . Going to see Despicable Me tonight with the boyfriend and his family . This is new . Should be interesting . And potentially hilarious . After that i will probably need a drink or seven . 
Despicable me was very cute . Made me want my very own minions . Boyfriend says he will see to it . Hogs breath is always fun especially when the < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > band is playing . But best part of the night , hands down , was drag < PROPFEMALE > night at coasters . Good times . 
Why the hell did i decide to go to walmart on a sunday in summer ? Walmart sucks SO MUCH . 
When the power of love is stronger than the love of power , the world will know peace . -Jimi Hendrix 
Any problem caused by a tank can be solved by a tank . - < PROPFIRST > Griffin 
Left my purse in the cart at walmart , came back thirty minutes later and someone had turned it in to customer service . There was a visible wad of cash sitting right on top . It was untouched . I love when people prove my negative assumptions wrong . 
Can't sleep . Again . Was so tired when I got off work 4 hours ago , until I got home . Now I'm wide awake . Too much on my mind I guess . Sucks . Work tonight is gonna suck . 
Um .... I spent too much money on groceries ..... I really shouldn't go shopping when I'm hungry ..... 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’texist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 75 : I wish I ... could ask ... my Mom about this . ... Re-post this if you have the best Mom in the world !!!! 
Who says I can't be free ? \ 
Forget all the things that I used to be\ 
Re-write my history\ 
Who says I can't be free ? 
Oy the fit's about to hit the < PROPFEMALE > ........ 
I am going to try to quit smoking starting this weekend . Eep . Wish me luck ! 
Today is my quit day . 3 cigs left and when they are gone , they are gone . Here's to saving over $150 a month ! 
Still not smoking . I feel fine , really . Haven't even wanted one since I quit . I can feel the withdrawal symptoms but they are not bad at all . < PROPFIRST > is having a much harder time with it than I . He really wants a cigarette . But he is as determined as I am . So far so good ! 
actually feels like a non-smoker now . I've started coughing up all the gunk out of my lungs . That's really cute . 
found out I get tonight off of work . Yay , I can catch up on some sleep . I love surprises . 
Yes , I know they are chocolate chip but they are also oatmeal and that has to count for something ........ 
Ew , stress . I can't sleep . Didn't sleep well last night or the night before and I have to work tonight and I can't get in a nap . I hate being so worried about so many things . I need a chill pill . 
Hurray ! I'm opening my windows for the first time this year ! It's nice to walk outside and not immediately start sweating . 
The definition of success :\ 
Age 4 ... Not \ 
peeing in your pants . Age 12 ... Having friends . Age \ 
17 ... Having a driver's license . Age 35 ... having money . Age 50 ... Having money . Age 70 ... Having a drivers license . Age 75 ... Having \ 
friends . Age 80 ... Not peeing in your pants . 
RM(roommate ): I'm drunk ! \ 
\ 
Me : Awesome . Where did you go ? \ 
RM : The Matador ( spectacularly seedy nearby strip club)\ 
Me : I thought so . You smell like a strip club . \ 
RM : ( swaying drunkenly ) What does a strip club smell like ? \ 
Me : Beer . And smoke . And cheap perfume . And despair . \ 
RM : I just helped support a single mother's dream of going to college . \ 
Me : You just helped support a single mother's crack habit . 
Ok , so . I finally broke the news to my parents so it can now become public knowledge . Like a month ago probably I said something really stupid on here , and jinxed myself . Probably only like 3 people read it , but it was something like \that is something that would only happen if I were pregnant 
Facebook is stupid . There's not enough space to write long stuff . I kind of miss myspace for that . \ 
Anyway , I burned the roof of my mouth last night eating a jalapeno bite from Arby's . \ 
Totally worth it . \ 
On a related note , I now have Bronco < PROPFIRST > Sauce in my purse . I am officially acting pregnant . 
< PROPFIRST>'s parents took me shopping for maternity clothes today . I now have a more stylish and extensive maternity wardrobe than non-maternity . Not that that's saying much . I have a tendency to buy my clothes at thrift stores and yard sales . Never in my life has someone taken me to a store and told me \get whatever you want . \ " It's kind of a weird feeling . There are no words for my gratitude . " 
The combination of quitting smoking and being pregnant has made my sense of smell so powerful , so acute , that I am pretty sure it can now be considered a superpower . Wait ..... do you smell popcorn ? Cause I smell popcorn . 
Wow I've been having some weird dreams lately . I thought it was my sleeping pills but it turns out it's pregnancy . I had a scary dream today and scared myself awake . 
Urgh . So sick of drama . This is what happens when you are around a bunch of women all the time . No offense women , but you are crazy . And yeah , I'm including myself in that . I'm just so tired of being a nice person and being expected to put up with crap because I'm nice . How much BS can one person be expected to take ? So glad my home life is drama free , well , for the most part . 
Anybody want a free hampster ? 
Hey guys it's 10/10/10 ! So do I make a wish or what ? 
Be who you are and say what you think because those that care don't matter and those that matter don't care . 
? Attention : Fake (+) (+) , Perfect ( o)(o ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) and even Grandmas\\o/ \\o/ Big ( • )( • ) or small (.) (.) Save Them All !! REPOST for Breast Cancer Awareness ! 
It's mommy week !!! Post this with the date you first became a mommy : May 15 , 2001 ..... love ALL my children with all my ? 
Ok I absolutely hate that my cell phone service ( Straight Talk ) sends me texts to remind me to buy more minutes and uses text lingo . \Payment 4 ur service .... \ " \ " B4 ur service expires ..... \ " Really ? Is this what we as a society have come to ? I am sincerely bothered by this . " 
First trimester will be over in another week . I can't believe it ! Belly is starting to poke out a little . Showing earlier with this one than either of the others , but that's not unusual . Also , I found a home for Cheerio . No thanks to any of you ! 
I think I am going to have to break down and let the boyfriend take pictures of me today . I have been doing a combination of whining and pretending to be asleep to avoid it thus far , but I am running out of excuses . Plus his grandmother sent us a bunch of stuff and all she wants in return is pictures of me . My guilt is starting to outweigh my camera-avoidance tendencies . Blah . 
Boyfriend got me a Kindle for Christmas and , being himself , couldn't wait 2 months to give it to me , so I have a Kindle ! Yay !!!! It is a thing of beauty and a joy forever and I am in loooooove ! If you don't know what a Kindle is , it is a really neat little gadget that Amazon sells to read books . I am still reading the user guide and learning how to work it , but I am so excited . Best present ever ! He knows me so well ! 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid ! They made me do chores and go to school . They gave me a curfew , made me get a job and work for the things I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school and my job and take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , respect for my elders , a good work ethic and respect for the law . I thank God everyday for my MEAN parents ! ( copy and paste if you agree ) 
I ordered a pizza and the pizza guy was dressed up as a cop for halloween . Imagine my surprise when the police delivered my pizza ! \ 
On a related note : Yum , pizza ! 
I got a dog ! I think I might actually keep him . Pictures will be coming soon , maybe . Probably . Er , maybe . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can \ 
breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have\ 
already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower \ 
...... armed with fire extinguishers , whilst the remaining 1% are freakin \ 
awesome and will repost this ! ;) 
Sometimes I really wish I was better at fighting . My peace-keeping nature has really gotten the best of me . Why can't I just be mean sometimes ? 
Baby is starting to wiggle . Or I should say , I am starting to feel baby's wiggles . Still can't feel it from the outside though . 
Did you ever expect something to be much worse than it actually ends up being ? You get all geared up for something bad , then it's not bad at all and you have all this built up aggression and nowhere for it to go . It's so anticlimactic , it's almost disappointing . 
I also think it's pretty awesome that I can have a conversation about maggots while eating rice without getting grossed out . Just sayin . My superpower is that I can't be grossed out . 
I haven't been on here in a while . I have no computer right now . I should have one soon . In other news , IT'S A BOY !!!!! 
Yay , thanks to my wonderful man ( and his dad ) I have a computer once again ! It's nice knowing people who are good with technology , since I am pretty much stupid when it comes to electronic thingies . 
Started taking prevacid yesterday for the awful awful heartburn that I have been having . Haven't had a twinge of heartburn since I took the first pill . It said on the label it can take 1 to 4 days to start working . Nice to have something work the way it's supposed to for once ! 
Remember < PROPFEMALE > Harbor today . Remember the surprise of the first plane coming into the harbor on the quiet morning of December 7 , 1941 . Remember your grandfathers , uncles , brothers , dads , anyone who fought to give us freedom ( and those who are STILL fighting for our freedom ) . Because of them you are able to sit on Facebook right this very second . Always count your blessings ? \ 
Miss you Granddaddy ! 
You guys ! I got a new baby ! My dad had bought a rat for my sister's snake , but her snake died ( RIP , so sorry < PROPFEMALE > ) before it could eat the rat . So I took the rat home and it is my new pet ! It's just a little baby , so I don't know whether it is a boy rat or a girl rat , but so far its name is < PROPMALE > because it's a lucky rat . If it's a girl it will be Felicity . 
Two days off ! Hurray ! 
I love all of you . I really do . But dang it , I don't want to play Farmville !!! Quit it ! 
It's obvious it's you I keep in my view\ 
It's a logical gravity that pulls me to you 
So < PROPFIRST > has an old friend in town who he went out with last night after I went to work . This morning , I asked him if they had fun . He said yes , but he stayed up way too late . I asked him when he finally got to bed . He said midnight ...... Wow , we are getting old . 
The Christmas party was fun . Sucks for you if you work with me and didn't go ! If you weren't there , we all talked crap about you the whole time cause you suck ! 
We could write our names here in the mud , noone's around to see them\ 
We could < PROPFEMALE > our shoes here in a tree , noone's around to steal them\ 
I could give you a < PROPFEMALE > , you could give me one too\ 
And that way we'd be even 
I really need a new profile picture . I don't look like that anymore :( 
I guess I have been dating a nerd long enough that it is finally starting to rub off on me . I am starting to enjoy video games ! Weird !! Also , we are going to look at a house ( to rent ) today . The price is right . Not sure about the condition but it's in the bluewater area so it can't be too bad , right ? Wish me luck . 
I've got to wrap presents today ! I haven't even started yet . I have to wrap < PROPFIRST>'s while he is at work , and he gets off early today . When am I going to sleep ? I will honestly be glad when Christmas is over . Wish I could just give everyone Wal-mart bags with their presents inside . I'm so lazy . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
“Hello < PROPFEMALE > . Now , um , we’ve got a slight problem here because I have been rather naughty . But you’re a businessman , I’m a businessman , I’m sure we can work something out . ” – Stewie Griffin ( Family Guy ) 
