Needs a handyman/carpenter that works cheap/or for beer . 

is going through some ' old skool ' photos . Friends , be on the lookout . You may see your smiling face in my collection . 
saying sorry I didn't get back to you but the dog ate your email 
realizes that sometimes the one you think is your knight in shining armour might actually turn out to be a retard in tin foil ! 
Perhaps they are not stars , but rather openings in heaven where the love of our lost ones pours through and shines down upon us to let us know they are happy . 
wants to thank the guy who looked at the chicken and said , \Hey ! let's eat the next thing that falls out of it's butt ... \"" 
is really highly intelligent i just act dumb to make myself less intimidating to other people ! 
Welcomes you to my profile . Straight jackets are by the wall , meds are in the boxes . Enjoy your stay , and please visit again ! 
when do you take off the mask , become real , and stop acting ? 
Life is a series of choices . What we choose to do repeatedly defines who we are . 
Men have always been measured by their hard work . Where do you fit in as a role model ? 
Life is just a moment in time , lingering on the edge of a whisper . ajreynolds 
I was going to say what's on my mind , but Kanye just grabbed my keyboard !!! 
Going to see Metallica tonight !! wooohooo !! 
concert update : so loud it was distorted . but it was good even though you couldn't hear words . Only drums , bass and vibration . with buffet and free beer all night , yay ! light and props were awesome . we felt the heat from the fire bursts . took pictures and mini vids but the sound is terrible . it's almost exactly what we heard , almost . 
all verbal communication has been replaced by finger gesticulations ...... 
is wondering if i can make it through another eight hour work night without bashing their head against the keyboard . 
is off to work soon , those on welfare are counting on me for their pay-checks ! UGH 
Our light switch in the bathroom is broken . We're poopin-by-flashlight , lol 
came home to our street and surrounding streets being blocked off by sheriffs and helicopters circling overhead ... AGAIN ... 3rd time this month . 
this is my favorite time of year . 
I don't have road rage .......... I simply have traffic jam tantrums !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > said it best : \If You Cant Handle Me At My Worst Then You Sure As Hell Don't Deserve Me At My Best . \"" 
is riding the special bus today . You'll recognize me . I'll be the one licking the window . 
uhgg ... i'm sniffling and coughing again !! I seem to be sick every 2 months . It's driving me crazy . 
50 full size < PROPFEMALE > bars and only 15 t-or-tr's . i think all of the houses for sale have something to do with it . the best costume was a 2 yr old dressed like a ups man in brown , carrying a wrapped up box in brown paper with a hole in the top to put the < PROPFEMALE > in . 
Nazi Communist Control Freaks are at it again !! 
How did we meet ?....... Copy and paste this phrase on your status , you will find it amusing to see how you met and know how each of your friends met !!! 
Thank a Veteran today , at least one , personally . Not just for their service , but their sacrifice ... life is different for a veteran , because the Veteran was working for your well being , while you were getting on with Life . ** Thank you for your service and sacrifice **** 
Let's see how many people on fb aren't ashamed to show their love for God and admit that Jesus is their Savior ... We need to get God back in < PROPFEMALE > ... If you're not ashamed , copy and paste this in your status 
Each person must make their own journey . It is like every human is given a life canoe . The canoe has one seat and one paddle . In order to get anything out of life we must be in the canoe and we must paddle down the river of life . Now , I can share with you how my journey has been , but I cannot paddle your canoe . You must paddle your own . Good luck ! an indian quote 
Please keep my Aunt < PROPFIRST > in your prayers . She will be having biopsies Saturday on 2 brain tumors . 
FB only letting me add one photo at a time sucks !! i'm done 
There is one thing I can say I am thankful for going into the 2010 year . And that is that I am glad I'm not related to the underwear bomber !! 
ZEBRA 
sick again ... everytime i return to work from being off for a week i end up sick !!! 
My Aunt < PROPFIRST > passed away this afternoon . She kept her sense of humor and told all of us how much she loved us . My thoughts have been consumed with our life together over the past 50 yrs . I am ever so thankful and appreciative of all she was in my life . I never would have made it through if i didn't rely on the strength , forgiveness and most importantly , compassion , she instilled in me over the years . 
the frustration of trying to sleep during the day ... people ringing your doorbell and making the dog go zany ( where's an electric fence when you need one ); neighbors yelling for their dog ; cars doing the annoy-the-neighbor-driveby with stereo at 120 decibels and base so loud it becomes your heartbeat . living on 4 hours of sleep a day . no wonder . 
emergency room update : My photo shoot in the x-ray dept was fun . My x-ray tech sounded like Borat . AND he was from Slovakia ... go figure . i don't have pneumonia , just severe bronchitis , of which i now need an inhaler . Warning !! : they make you hyper !! just ask my couch ... as soon as i got home i waxed it , vaccumed , washed walls . SOOO ready for a nap . 
where have all the lizards gone ? 
aujourd'hui , c'est une < PROPFEMALE > journée . pas trop froid et < PROPFEMALE > so < PROPFEMALE > il est retiré . tant pis que je dors la journée absent . 
where is my WORK whisperer ?? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fe9quwhR5ho 
grrr .. have a cd stuck in my computer ... time to destroy ... where's my knife 
thank you Buskerdoo !!! my cd is freeeeeeeee !! 
that makes 8 florida offenders within a 3 block radius of our home . got another alert today . 
ok , i feel an 8th better than yesterday . i have done my civic duty and put out flyers of the offenders in my neighborhood . hopefully they won't be stealing from anymore children their soul and childhood . 
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste , it is better that you should leave your work . Kahlil Gibran 
Out of suffering have emerged the strongest souls ; the most massive characters are seared with scars . Kahlil Gibran 
The deeper sorrow carves into your being the more joy you can contain . Kahlil Gibran 
you don't have to publish your results on every move you make . 
I'm so done . 
thank you all for the birthday wishes . i had a wonderful day surrounded by lovely people that i love and the weather was beautiful . pool water was frigid . watched in awe as the little ones could just jump in like it's nothing , and stay in it , shiverring , as their lips and toes turn blue . lol 
I have 20/20 vision and the Alien implant has been removed from my cheek . 
rockin club wave at shepherds clwtr beach . yeahhH 
Spending time w my favorite little people & < PROPFIRST > & hearts ; 
Walmarting at 6:30 am 
getting my stitches out this morn at 7:20 
this profile pick is of my paternal grandpa and grandma . they now watch my shenanigans from heaven :) 
I heart < PROPFIRST > Draiman 
awesome storm last night . had all the windows open and the breeze was flowing thru the whole house . Slept like a baby . 
Today I am thankful for the Pooperscooper Man !! 
visit joto's pizza for the best pizza and get your own joto fingers . 8080 49th st N ... St < PROPMALE > ... 
heading out to the Kopper kitchen this morn at 6:30 , then to the Saturday Morning Market downtown . Then going to watch my grand-daughter's dance competition in Tampa . A full day of entertainment , just perfect . 
Wishing ALL of the Mother's out there in Facebook land a very HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY . And this also includes the people that act in a Mother capicity in some fashion , including single fathers who do double duty . :) 
headin to the Kopper Kitchen on central and 56th . where the people are friendly and coffee is hot . 
feeling the urge for an adventure 
Day 2 of Staycation . Getting oil changed in my car . there are a lot of people standing around doing nothing here . 
Day 3 of my staycation . Going to Grandsons pre-k graduation . 
Day 4 . veged out . layed like brocolli . 
day 5 . so far so good . 
nothing 
just back from DR . I have a torn Miniscus ( sp ) 
just back from DR . I have a torn Meniscus . 
No good deed goes unpunished : girl gets fired over giving a 6 inch sub away , for free , to 2 people .. Not just anybody mind you , these 2 lost their home in a fire and all belongings and food too . .. This sub was equivalant to her free 12\ all employees get when working their shift at Subway . The Franchise manager decided to fire her over this . I will never ever eat at Subway again . Greedy sons o bitches . Who is with me ? " 
men forget everything .... women remember everything . that's why men need \ 
instant replays in sports . they've already forgotten what happened 
Check out the capri sun video on YOU TUBE if you haven't done so already . Especially if You give it to kids . 
going through closets and donating to CASA . 
sitting at JOTos listening to tHe Woman behinD me on her cell phone talking about someones uterine polyps . NICE 
If the world made as big of a deal about GOD as they do TWILIGHT , wow , can't even imagine how amazing that would be . Hope you all have a fantastic weekend . 
is Freecycling .... lotsa freebies . 
I love Chihuly's work . Especially the Octopus looking type lights . 
my 3 yr old grandson passed away today . hit by a car this morning in Lenoir NC . Please keep my son and daughter-in-law in your prayers from today forward . < PROPFIRST > mason was their everything . we love you < PROPFIRST > and will miss you terribly . love memaw and papaw 
R.I.P. Sweet sweet child . The media up there is just being outrageous . The Sherriff's dept & social services have finished their investigation & are now in complete support mode for < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . They said from what they have seen , this is just a freak accident . Thank you all again for your show of prayers & support . I know they will be greatlful to hear there are so many praying for them . 
Arrived safely in NC after 13 hour drive yesterday . Services today at 2 . 
thank you all for your kind words of sympathy and support for our family . Please continue prayer for < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > 
sleep or unpack ? hmmm ... goodnight all 
i love this pic of < PROPFIRST > mason . only a gentle spirit , bridaled with curiosity and wonderment , could walk up to a deer . in another photo with the deer , < PROPFIRST > is feeding the deer his animal crackers . lol . 
Hubby getting discharged from Hospital today . T.E.E. came out clear on the Mitral Valve . Had it not , we would be looking at a replacement and open heart surgery again . Miracles do happen . Pneumonia is scary . 
a week off for vacation . going to spend it unpacking more boxes . And catch up on some sleep . fun fun 
previous plans squashed by 10 hrs of True Blood season 2 . 
Finally got blackout/thermal curtains < PROPMALE > in bedroom . Now maybe I can sleep during the day . 
back to work tonight 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who suffers from stupidity . People need to understand that stupidity is a real condition and should be taken seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now . There is still no known cure for ... stupidity , but we can r ... aise awareness .... 93% won't Copy and Paste this because ~ they don't know how to Copy and Paste 
Going to the < PROPFIRST>'s game tonight and seeing < PROPFIRST > Lambert ... ; # 
< PROPFIRST > looks just the same as in his vids . Great theatrical presence , dancing , and the vocals were amazing . oh and the Rays won 4-3 in the 10th . 
My 3 yr old grandson Jaymason ( who passed on 7/27 ) was an organ donor . < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > received their first letter from Life Share of the Carolinas today . Jaymason's liver , small bowel & pancreas were transplanted into a 3 yr old little boy in NE . His Kidney went to a 50-year old man in < PROPFEMALE > . Both of Jays corneas were transplanted . As a result , a 31-yr-old man & a 48-yr-old man , both in NC received the gift of sight . 
what is everyone going to be for halloween this year ? 
I like it on the chair 
the closest thing to the energy of a 6 year old for me is 4 cups of coffee and an extra strength Sudafed ! 
i found my bed balls , yay !!!!! 
daylight savings .... where's the savings in that ? 
stubbed my toe on a < PROPFEMALE > 
Morning conversation with 6 year old Grandson : \ I have scary dreams . I just keep the dreams in my head . I like it \"." 
Your\ 
son will hold your hand for a little while , but will hold your heart \ 
for a lifetime . It's National Son Week - so if you have a beautiful \ 
son(s ) that you love with all your heart , then copy and paste this to \ 
your status . 
Sometimes we make choices that people do not agree with\ 
Sometimes we become unpopular\ 
Sometimes we have to look into our heart and feel what is true for us , be strong and then follow our own path . \ 
The only person who can make us happy is ourselves . Have a day of happiness and feed your soul . 
never In a million years would I have thought that scalding my throat with hot tea would feel ssooo good . all this week my throat has felt like I'd been swallowing razor blades plus itching too . at least I haven't broke tradition ... being sick at christmas . and I would like to bestow my greatest appreciation to Seann for this wonderful gift . lol 
\You cannot teach a man anything ; you can only help him find it within himself . \"~ Galileo Galilei " 
Angels around us , angels beside us , angels within us . Angels are watching over you when times are good or stressed . Their wings wrap gently around you , whispering you are loved and blessed . ~ Angel Blessing 
An Angels love is unconditional , \ 
An Angels love is Joy beyond compare\ 
An Angels love lights the darkest spot\ 
An Angels love is there ~ waiting on you to take hold . Grab it with both hands and know you are loved . Have a day blessed with Angels . 
\The only mentor you need is the one looking back at you in the mirror\ " ... A . J . Reynolds " 
“History\ 
has demonstrated that the most notable winners usually encountered\ 
heartbreaking obstacles before they triumphed . They won because they\ 
refused to become discouraged by their defeats . ” 
“Without continual growth , learning and progress , such words as improvement , achievement , and success have no meaning . ”\ 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect . It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections 
Copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ... ? ? ? For crap's sake don't forget the hearts ! ? ? ? 
\Life is a game . In order to have a game ; something has to be more important than something else . If what already is ; is more important than what isn't; the game is over . So ; life is a game in which what isn't; is more important than what is . Let the good times roll . \"--- < PROPMALE > Erhard " 
does anyone have an awesome spinach lasagna recipe ? 
I am not responsible for ANYBODY'S growth but my own for I am the ONLY one that I have control over . 
i burnt my tough on sherbet yesterday 
