I'm going to be a grandma 

Fuckin awsome ! I luv it when it storms ! 
Cant wait to get off work , im ready for a nap 
Well im into my 4th day without smoking and havent killed anybody YET ! 
Aw , you are blessed to have such a great guy . Happy anniversary 
Holy hell ! Thank Goddess its my Friday . I made it through 5 days without smoking then broke down bout 10 last night and smoked 1 after taking some guys from work to a country music concert . I ABSOLUTELY HATE COUNTRY MUSIC ! 
I am amazed by my first born ! He has grown into a wonderful young man . I know with all my heart that he is going to be a great father and husband . 
Its bout beer thirty ! Its fucking hot today , nothin an ice cold beer cant fix ! 
Cant wait til Sept 22nd ! Texas here we come ! 
Forget bout Rockstar Uproar ! One of my favorite people is gonna be back and im not gonna miss out on one second of time to spend with him ! Im so excited . 
Thank Goddess for my Hillbilly ! He fixed my air on my car ! Wouldnt trade his crazy old ass for anything . 
Omg ! Im ready for 11 so i can drink a damn beer ! 
Ahhhhhhh . I am gettin a pedicure , it is sooo relaxing . Having an awsome time with my boys . We ate at ShoGun they absolutely loved watchin our chef in action . 
Come on 11:00 ! My ass is starting to drag big time ! 
Waking up at 1:30 am to get to work @ 3:15 sucks ass ! 
Come on 3:00 ! An ice cold beer sounds wonderful . 
OMFG ! I am so ready for it to be 3:00 tomorrow ! I am actually taking both of my days off for a change . Rollie turns13 tomorrow . My how time flies . 
Finally made it through work . Now its time to head to the Pink Flamingo for a hair cut and then stop and get a pedicure . I love getting to have a little ME time 
It is official , I totally suck at bowling ! I had a great time with good friends . 
Just wanna get in my car hit the hiway and get lost . 
Got off work early ! Chillin with my feet up drinkin an ice cold beer . Life is good(at least for a second or two) ! Lol 
Dammit , woke up thinking I overslept and now I can't get back to sleep . FML .! 
Well when 202 closes next month I am going to 402 . My days off will change to Fridays and Saturdays . 
I love my costume ! It doesn't cost me a dime to be a BITCH ! 
Heading to work til 11 then gonna go watch a movie at Huffman's! 
\I WANNA FUCK A BIBLE\ " fml that's some funny shit right there ! The things some people say tickles the shit right outta me ! LMFAO " 
Nothing like a serious case of road rage to get blood flowing ! 35 mph in a 60 MPH zone ! 
Damn snow ! Its < PROPFEMALE > ruin my plans tonight ! No bar hoppin for me after work . 
Bored outta my mind ! 
Dammit I think I'm coming down with something ! I have shitty luck , < PROPMALE > is on his way home and I can't be getting sick . Grrrrr 
Looking foreword to seeing my precious lil man today ! Can't wait ! 
Thank Goddess its my Friday ! 
When I get off of work tonight I'm gonna go lock myself in my house turn on some tunes and make the world go away for awhile ! 
Visiting my precious lil man . He is so adorable ! I just wish he would wake up . 
Another wonderful day in paradise ! NOT ! ! ! 
Fuck my life ! I need a vacation from it . 
Some people so stupid that it amazes me that they are smart enuff to know how to breathe 
Goin to the < PROPFEMALE > concert wit my grandbaby's mama ! 
Sick Puppies is up next ! 
303 is pretty good 
< PROPFEMALE > is pretty awesome ! 
That was definitely worth going to ! I'm glad we went ! 
My baby is 11 today ! My how time flies . Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
Day two of cloudy sky's and day two of laying in bed . 
Am so happy to have my < PROPMALE > back ! I missed you Mr. Zaptin . 
Fuck today ! 
OVERTIME ! HELL YEAH ! 
Has such a bad headache , my eyes wont quit watering . 
Overtime ! Now I can make up for time off yesterday . 
FYI dont have a broken nose and a cold at the same time ! It sux ! 
Had a great time last night celebrating < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , & < PROPFIRST>'s birthdays ! 
Can't wait til Rockfest ! Its my annual hangout weekend with < PROPFIRST > ! 
Well took Rollie country cruising for bout an hour . He did pretty good . I didn't have to yell at him at all ! 
Hell yeah ! My Friday is here ! 
