Lookin for a little swim swim today 

Goodbye Ohio , Hello North < PROPFEMALE > . Mia is homeless no more ! 
not interested 
nap time , fo sho 
uh ... why the f-bomb am I awake ? Ridiculous . 
hot cocoa ... yum yum 
playn < PROPFEMALE > on n64 . possibly the best night of the week . 
uh ... I'm a little ashamed to see how far I've come in so little time on Farmville . Another addict is born ... 
\doesn't really give a shit . goodnight . \ " a la < PROPFEMALE > " 
f u work 
on the searh for N64 games ... 
gettin wasted ... for the rest of the year . 
such a smitten kitten ... meow meow 
scratch that 
Homebound on Easter ! 
vacation = 5 days of overeating . My belly hurts and my body hates me . :( 
Back on the grind ... 
Don't mistake silence for maturity when all you really have is a quiet child . 
When it's wrong , it's wrong and when it's right ... you're just in denial . 
oooh I think he likes me ... Makes me want a cheeseburger . 
Working your life away doesn't add up to much of a life at all . 
Relationships are pointless ... oh wait , just mine is . 
A good night to pass out on the couch in a drunken oblivion ... 
midnight beach trip 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , Love Grandma < PROPMALE > . :) 
Overate all day ... but will not deny myself my midnight buttered popcorn . Hello obesity . 
My belly hurts .... may have to rethink this \Ice Cream everyday\ " thing I have going on ... " 
sleepy time 
Cooking , baking , painting , reading , movie watching , and cuddling ... the long awaited rewards of a full day off . :) 
Bad day ? Hello Mojitos . 
Hate your life ? Change it . 
Looking for a little mischief . 
Looked at my bank statement ... will now proceed to cry myself to sleep . 
Looking for a change of pace ... things are getting stagnant . 
Up until now I had sworn to myself that I'm content with loneliness b/c none of it was ever worth the risk ... but you are the only exception .... 
Vacation on the horizon ... ;) 
Respect yourself or no one else will . 
Pretty sure I'm done with North < PROPFEMALE > . 
Oh Florida ... how I'll miss you . :( 
Ready for another vacation . 
Excited about FINALLY getting some sleep tonight . :) 
Day off ... driving around til sundown . :) 
Unfortunately , you don't usually know where your line's drawn until it's already been crossed . 
Tomorrow feels like a barbeque . 
Went to work 10 hours early today . I'm sure I'll manage to be late this afternoon . 
The best way to keep me in a relationship is to prevent me from remembering how much I love being single . 
What could be is a poor substitution for what is and , more often than not , a false prophecy of what is to come . 
Sick :( 
meow meow 
Monday night in ... Tuesday night drunk . 
Spent the better part of the day thinking about pork rinds . I've officially hit heifer status . 
work . ugh . 
Midnight beach trip ... going to welcome < PROPMALE > in person . 
Since the rain has cancelled my plans I'm going to wander around throwing money at things I can't afford . Welcome back , debt . 
Today the DQ guy bought me my blizzard b/c I didn't have cash on me . His $2.99 has reinstated my faith in humanity . 
Involving yourself with someone utterly unreliable is throwing your life away waiting only to be stood up . 
2 days off in a row ! Don't bother calling ... I'm ignoring everyone the next 48 :) 
Ain't nothing but a chicken wing . 
Wine , movies , and a pedi ... life couldn't be better :) 
Go away laziness ; You're cramping my style . 
West coast in the AM ;P 
Vacation's over . :( 
Your standards don't even make my bottom line . 
I'm going to read until my eyes fall out . 
Aggravating ending to an excellent day . I'm going to bed . 
Beautiful hiking day with the < PROPMALE > and a belly full of caramel pumpkin pecan fudge . There are few things better than this . :) 
Maid for hire . I would appreciate payment for a change though . Thanks . 
I'm sick and no one will take care of me ... ain't that some bull ? 
I'm on an eating spree ... 
It's hard out here for a pimp . 
Sleepy monkey 
Bored to irritation 
My boyfriend's an idiot . I'm not a ride or die chick , I'm a ride-goodbye bitch , ho . 
Oh snow ... I thought I left you in Ohio . Stalker . 
Sure , I'd love a backrub . Now just waiting for the offer ... ( this could take a while ) . 
Bro Bro is in town1 :) 
Too often we don't appreciate what we have until it has slipped past our fingers and out of our lives . 
Changed a fuse , burned a Christmas tree , set the yard on fire . Productive morning . 
Fresh brewed coffee , sunshine , a good read , and country music - start to a great day . 
mmmm ... chocolate is nice . 
Enjoying another day off ... ALONE ! 
Getting lost on a long car ride to nowhere . 
Life is too short to waste on petty arguments and unnecessary drama ... love unconditionally , forgive quickly , and show those who matter to you how much you care every < PROPMALE > you get . 
