New York Dolls last night at the Paradise !!!! Holy Crap !! 

haven't been on here in weeks !!! what's up everyone 
it's only tuesday ??? are you serious !!!!!! 
had too much sun yesterday . i'm like a < PROPFEMALE > pie 
had my palms read today in a flea market . 
will be in < PROPFEMALE > til the 27th . relaxing . 
dance party , insanity , more insanity . to meghan : how did we get up the stairs again ? 
on the job hunt ... anyone know of anyone who knows anyone who is ... hiring ? 
Hey folks , my sis < PROPFEMALE > and I will be showing a couple paintings at the Washington Street < PROPMALE > Center this Sat , < PROPFIRST > . 24 ! It is at 321 Washington Street in Somerville from 6-9p . There will be a DJ and I believe free beer !! Get there ! 
< PROPMALE > show ! 6-10p , not 9 ! More time to seeeeeeee < PROPMALE > ! 
will someone please get this shit out of my lungs ? theraflu , i am over drinking you . i think < PROPFEMALE > or whiskey may do the trick . 
two little days left at my job ... 
is anyone else fed up working mondays and tuesdays ? 
is trying to make sunday night endless for fear of a monday work day ... boooooooo !!! 
beer pong never seems to get old ! i love you beer ! 
napping in the rainy weather . ahhh i am so lazy 
ummm does anyone want to start a not so serious cover band ? i play bass . anyone ? 
i am hungry . someone feed me . 
new slate . starting this week . figuring things out 
i want a longboard . i want a longboard . 
when life is a shit show , sometimes ramen noodles rock 
is having a terrible day . someone say something funny . i know you guys have some sick humor for me 
wow , you guys are amazing . thanks for the bday luvvvvvvv !! big love to soph abs , < PROPMALE > and daddio for the amazing longboard ! the best gift for a 28 year old ever ! muuaahhhhh ! 
the board is awesome . i am going to fly off one of these days . yes ! 
< PROPFEMALE > o , will you sing me to sleep every night ? i would appreciate it 
i like it on the floor .. in my room . but mostly on any floor 
i think i just found a grey hair on my head . cool ? 
drawings happening this week ? i think so 
can't sleeeeeeeeeeeep !!!!!! 
baby , i'm afraid of a lot of things but ....... 
ate like a fatty now gonna try on new pants ... whatever 
come join the revolution ! get < PROPFEMALE > selfff a constitution !!! 
shit on a shingle 
flipping the pages like crazy , can't see the words . 
V E G A S get ready ! if you need me in the morning , you can find me at the oxygen bar nursing my hangover 
not sure if my brain is back to reality . thank you vegas ..... 
hangover saturday .... 
photoshoot , demo , fagettes for president , watch out 
do what you feel now , electric feel now ... why does that song never get old to me ? 
Tonight !! Fagettes at Brighton Music Hall ! Last minute show ! 9p , no cover ! it's the old Harper's Ferry ! We are first to play ! 
come see the fagettes tonight !! at the cantab in central sq . we might be going on last , don't miss it !!!!! show starts at 9 ! 
much love to everyone who made it out fri and sat to see us play . you guys are awesome ! FAGETTES !!!! 
please let today be the day when i get my act together 
am in love with the 50s and 60s stations on my free xm . 
nyc this weekend ! don't come looking for me ... i might not return 
can you mix nyquil with klonopin ? or will i not wake up ? i probably shouldn't do that . 
was i in a movie this weekend ? 
Fagettes playing at Great < PROPFIRST > this Tuesday for Boston Rocks for Japan to benefit the Red Cross ! Get there ! 
i met < PROPFEMALE > smith the other day . yup . 
