going to indianapolis for the winter meetings 

\Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time ; what \ 
And its funny how it's the little things in life that mean the most\ 
\ 
Not where you live , what you drive or the price tag on your clothes\ 
There's no dollar sign on a piece of mind ; this I`ve come to know 
Half of my heart is a shotgun wedding to a bride with a paper ring\ 
And half of my heart is the part of a man who's never truly loved anything 
All this time we were waiting for each other . \ 
All this time I was waiting for you\ 
We got all these words\ 
Can't waste them on another\ 
So I'm straight in a straight line\ 
Running back to you 
I was a flight risk with a fear of falling , wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts . 
Trivia night at Hightops ! 
Inner Harbor and then Orioles Game . 
The Utah Pitt game is crazy . Glad college football is back . 
Crab Feast . < PROPFEMALE > crabs are the best . 
Boise St looked really good last night . Still not sure Tyrod can throw . 
Trivia Night at Hightopps . 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Football Game vs St. < PROPFIRST>'s 
Playing Pickup Hockey 
Let's Go Ravens ! 
I can't take this for 15 more weeks . At least we won and our D dominated . 
St. < PROPFIRST>'s Football Game 
Always a good day when UNC loses . Now the Deacs need to get a win . 
Clemson really is the best at choking . 
Ravens Party . The Ravens need to salvage this sports weekend . 
Well this sports weekend sucked . Why do the loses hurt so much more than the wins make you feel good ? 
Can't believe the regular season will end on Sunday . I have grown to like this Orioles team . 
So Baltimore County kids get off early because it is raining too hard . When I was a kid we walked 20 < PROPMALE > uphill bothways through a hurricane . Did I do that right ? 
I've seen this before , and I didn't particularly like it the first time . 
My teams need to stop playing close games . At least we beat the hated Steelers . 
Anyone going to the MLB Winter Meetings ? 
These last two Saturdays have sucked . At least I still have Sundays with the Ravens . 
Ravens party . Beat the Patriots . 
I hate close games . 
St. Pauls ' football game at St. < PROPFIRST>'s Prospect Hall . 
I was really looking forward to a stress free football weekend . 
Guest speaking at St. Paul's tomorrow , then football game vs Spalding 
I'm jumping aboard the Oregon bandwagon . I love their offense . Oregon-Auburn national championship game would be amazing . 
Playing in the toys for tots golf tournament with my dad , brother , and < PROPMALE > j . 
Watching the Ravens game . I am cautiously optimistic . 
If Flacco wants to be considered an elite QB he has to engineer a drive here . 
The Oregon-Auburn National Championship game will be amazing . First to 60 wins , maybe . 
Heading to < PROPMALE > for the Winter Meetings 
Ate dinner tonight with < PROPFIRST > McGriff . It was awesome . 
SNOW !!!! 
Ravens game . Open up the Offense . A blowout would be nice . 
Ravens game . We need this one . 
Great win by the Ravens . Now I unfortunately must root for the Jets . 
Last week of pickup hockey this month 
Ravens are headed to the playoffs ! 
Playing in the SP alumni hockey game 
Let's go Miami of Ohio ! I need the win to stay in the money . 
Let's go Ravens . 
Great win . Now to beat the hated Steelers . I can think of nothing better than ending their season . 
So how long before the NCAA strips Auburn of the national championship ? 
Guest lecturing on baseball stats , the winter meetings and game theory 
Go Ravens ! End the Steelers season . 
Couldn't be more angry . Ravens gave the game away . 
Really hope the NFC wins the Super Bowl . 
Hockey ! Looking for an Ovechtrick . 
Why must everything be so complicated ? 
Snow with Thunder and Lightning , is the world ending ? 
Hockey ! 
Comparison is the death of happiness . 
At what point do the Washington Generals fire their coach ? 
Cookies and Creme Milkshake from Chick-Fil-A = amazing 
Orioles = Grapefruit League Champs ! 
Watching Britton dominate the Yankees ! Way too excited about a spring training game . 
Chicago tomorrow 
