holas 

gamer was good movie :D great time 
i just want sleep and a NEW FONE ! 
what a great start into 2011 :D 
i like my christmas gift :D that < PROPFIRST > Greer got me 
still feelin weakin 
so sleepy and arm hurts grrr working tonite 
wants a different job with that deals with different things not a repetitive job ... how lame :( 
sick as heck and yet everyone wants to yell at me and what i should be taking like ive never been sick before 
my mp3 got soakin wet the screen has water in it yet i still managed to charge it and its responding to it even after taking it off the charger :D 
vacation from work , and family with no phone calls of worried father asking where are you and do you know what time it is would be awesome ... no stress needed 
hope tomorrow goes well :D 
sun burned pretty bad on my shoulders still had a fun time at the lake tho i wish i were treated less of a kid 
so feeling accomplished :D 
feeling so accomplished > < lol 
likes when TWO state troopers are distracted driving and your doing 10miles over the speed limit ... and when some rides your ass while driving and cant move over because of construction and as soon as they get the < PROPMALE > to speed they get pulled over by a trooper :D 
watchin phineas and ferb with the cuzs somebodies bout to sleep on the floor and it aint me ha :D 
parentals make me mad 
had a great day watched eclipse with midget in < PROPMALE > :D 
i dont know where ill be staying for college my safest choice is gonna campus housing > < 
feeling so accomplished so close to having all my paper work done with for college few more things and im set literally 
dayum laredos bouta be flooded guess if it keeps raining then the bridges will b closed .... R . I . P Lib D: 
got some stuff for dorm :D 
pulled an all nighter ill most likely gonna b in and out of mass but ill remember to pray for lib 
making lasagna yum ! :D 
in so much pain :'( and parentals are just adding to it 
hot showers works wonders against stress 
Aishiteru ! Te amo ! I love you ! J'taime! :D 
feeling mighty mexican today gonna jam to some rancheras ... i think lol 
many things accomplished pretty good day tho very sleep deprived 
had a great night watched second to last sounded great .... goodnight with the babe :D 
plannin to watch the hangover tonight :D 
orientation tomorrow but it'll all work out payday is tomorrow and i get to spend time with him :D 
car finally clean , full tank of gas , gettin paid 2morrow , and gettin to see him as well but first things first gettin this orientation outta the way 
orientation outta the way yay ! get to see him tonight hopefully :D 
so tired ill have no laptop for the following couple of days :'( back to ol ' pc or not too lazy to set it up meh 
lookin forward to this friday :D 
wants to go the Rockstar Energy Drink UPROAR Fest . w/ Disturbed & Avenged Sevenfold 
cant sleep work in the morning meh 
salt = great movie :D 
a/c making a noise getting really annoying who wants to be my handy person and fix it 
a/c is behaving yay 
going out with the babe and kc to party woot :D 
end of august cant come fast of enough seriously ! i need out dad parental is just RAWR 
25days left sigh 
flat again and again on the same wheel 
cant wait till friday :D 
today just couldnt have gotten worse i dont want to go to work tomorrow i ABSOLUTELY HATE DRIVE THROUGH AND THE BAD MANNERED PEOPLE ! :'( 
any thoughts if i should add a tab for colorguard i'm going to do some changes as well as updates to the band website 
just woke up ahhh just what i needed 
sigh work yet again .... most likely be at drive ....... again .... 
get to see him tomorrow :D 
work out of the way car washed .... tomorrow work but in the morning .. yay i get to see him :D 
Taking pictures tomorrow to update the website :D 
i will take you away with me .... ( deftones ) 
just because my sister in laws are pregnant doesnt mean im going to obey your every command to please you 
website is almost completely updated ... just need to finish guard tab 
icing my knee :( 
sooo tired but at least i get to see him today :D 
closing tonight and a split 2morro > < 
ugh so tired and back of the knee swollen pretty bad ... split tomorrow and lets see how this schedule is going to be sighs 
4 days left of work ... :D .. pay day on friday ... and just to finish the rest of this shift 
great check coming up 4days of work and then im done with work for the year :D WOOT 
cant wait till this weekend so much to do ! 
3 days left of work :D 
so 2 days left of work , and leaving for college just still hasnt hit , getting my lip pierced on sat :D 
split tomorrow then friday payday+last day of work = AWESOMENESS though i have a feeling that going to college is finally gonna hit if not friday then very soon 
PUT\ 
THIS AS YOURSTATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU : 1 = crazy , 2 = i'd \ 
marry you , 3 = talkative , 4 = sarcastic , 5 = imissyou , 6 = goofy , 7 = \ 
moody , 8 = dumb , 9 = mouthy , 10 = spoiled , 11 = random , 12 = hot , 13\ 
= funny , 14 = in shape , 15 = amazing , 16 = tough , 17 = cute , 18 = \ 
gangster , 19 = nerd 
second part of split at 5 then a day left of work :D 
1 d 
1 DAY LEFT WOOT ! and i get payed cant wait for this weekend :D 
like my status&&i'll tell you 3 things i like about you . (: stolen from bettyna lopez (: 
just got paid now just 7hrs to kill after 4pm and no more work cant wait till this weekend :D ! 
NO WORK ANYMORE ! yay :D .. time for the weekend and spend time with my baby :D 
shopping tomorrow getting lip pierced and getting to spend it with my bf and < PROPFIRST > 
going to waco tomorrow again with madre this time :p 
I wish my mom wouldnt change her mind at the last minute about stuff ... Planning to go to waco tomorrow for sure 
i hate the trailer commercial for devil and the last exorcism :( 
It still hasnt hit me that im leaving friday :O 
:D can't wait to move out 
what a super duper long long long day 
INTERNET AT LAST !!!!! 
2 days to kill :D 
just realized i get to sleep in till 10 tomorrow YAY !! 10 
lets see how math goes > < 
done for the day one day left to kill still need to get one more book and its 112.75 for it :( 
YAY RAIN ! YAY THUNDER ! oh wait its gonna be all HOT AND STICKY TOMORROW :'( 
rain outside + room thats already cold to begin with = super duper cold :( 
Dear Tv and WoW thank you for costing money that i dont want to waste now i wont get distracted as much when i need to do hw :p 
trying to stay ahead of my classes but < PROPFEMALE > many distractions 
one day to kill should be done before 10 :D 
vampire diaries yay ! 
bed then class at 8 damn < PROPFEMALE > class :( 
logic and design = EPIC FAIL me : i get what i have to do and what the question is asking i just dont know where to start teacher : well i cant help you , im not gonna show you , give me something to work with >'.'< 
lets see how logic and design goes today maybe the teacher will actually teach and not make the students guess and then her get even more mad >'.'< 
Gotta love knowing people who are smarter to get help from :D 
ehh < PROPFEMALE > sleeepy :P 
dear people who drink and drive ... your an effin dumbass ... just seen sumbody turn on a wrong one way < PROPFIRST > then go over the median to get on the write side and keep swerving after almost crashing into not only a person but a sign as well > < 
so far so great :D 
sooo sleepy 
taking notes for math calls for sugar hmm about some ice cream to help with taking notes but sleep deprivation :D 
shower then bed 
dear girls upstairs its effin midnight and i have class at 8 your bein super loud sounds like your banging on walls please stop stomping around and banging on stuff its getting annoying j.s 
gonna wear my glasses to class tomorrow :D ... which also reminds me that taking out your contacts makes you feel more sleepy ... in my experience 
went home and went grocery shopping in mom's kitchen :D 
was beastin at visual logic then got to5-12 and then got half way there stupid files :( ... soo close 
Apartment smells like brownies YUM ! 
I'm in love with my bed but the alarm clock won't let us be together 
:( i dunno wat to wear with this skirt 
yay i'll have a 2nd nephew today .... i need a niece ... < PROPFEMALE > u need to give me a niece lol 
watched easy-a awesome movie :D 
had a bad dream 
so i have no class till 1 .... thought i was gonna be able to sleep in .... rrrrr ... maintenance just came by to check my shower 
math teacher is done going over the review packet for the test on monday over chap2 guy in the back : sir i just got done with 2.3 right now i've been working on it for the last two days class : laughs and the teacher can't help but cover his laugh 
is laughing cuz preps upstairs are having a cat fight ... rather funny 
no sleep at all lets see how much information i retain ..... 0.001% maybe 
time to go shopping in mom's kitchen yay ! 
math teacher goes back to another of his life story 
so if you have kids in a rather large vehicle say an explorer or whatever ... you shouldnt drive above 35 in a walmart parking lot at 2pm when its packed and people are bound to get in the way and then start screaming at the people that got in the way I HAVE KIDS IN HERE ! j.s 
felt sick to my stomach after using software couldnt get toons to move the way i wanted it was like trying to fix sumthing on someone else using a mirror to see 
today just couldnt have gotten any worse 
pulled an all nighter got quite a bit accomplished ... still have quite a bit more to do 
got so much more done .. programming and a journal and im done :D 
is tired of hearing a momma cat look for her kittys she's been at it for the last 2hrs 
INBOX ONLY : Tell me something that you have \ 
always wanted to tell me . Just between me & you . Put this as your \ 
status and see what you get . 
yay no class till 1 :D ! 
time to get some sleep after pulling an all nighter 
no classes today woot ! 
momma < PROPFEMALE > found her kittens but ra's upstairs want one of the kittens ... bad decision 
pulling yet another all nighter ... hmmm lets see how this goes 
lets see how long i can go wearing my glasses instead of my contacts ... 
i sorta miss playing wow but maybe a long year break will help me from being burnt out on it 
THANK YOU EVERYONE WHO HAVE SO FAR HAS WROTE HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! XD 
nice walk 
YAY ! BAND WEBSITE IS UPDATE AND POSTED WOOT ! goyoeband.com check it out 
so i make a 96 on my review but since moodle was bein dumb i didnt get to see what questions i missed :( 
I WANNA GO TO THE ZOO ! cross arms :D 
i sorta of hate cats there was some howling or whatever you wanna call it outside my apartment 
woot made a 94 on the midterm :D ! 
jamming out grupo pesado thats the jam for the night :D 
need to do two more parts to programming and done with it for this week but i need help :( 
yay gas is back down to 2.55 woot 
my fone is stupid it wont play any of music but when ppl call or txt it plays the ringtone i cant make calls because the other person on the line wont hear me and i cant hear them\ 
i hate you lg chocolate touch sincerely an angry mexican 
fixed my fone woot 
yay cool < PROPFEMALE > ... wait its really < PROPFEMALE > outside .. jamming out to dubstep and doing a little programming 
i have no clue how i would get a toon to say numeral < PROPFIRST > :( ( programing ) 
how is possible to failing programming if i turn everything ahead of time and i pass it with an a :( ... this calls for a serious talk 
yay the apartment doesnt smell like cigarettes anymore woot ! and it has new carpet 
old navy commercials make me laugh :D 
I need help with chap 4 ex 7 in < PROPFEMALE > 
I think its thundering outside ? 
took a long nap ... good napping weather 
yay chap 4 < PROPFEMALE > is done woot ! 
lost my glasses :( 
feeling creative .. time to draw ! 
today is gonna be a long day i can feel it :/ 
not sleepy = sleepy later in the day :( i dont wanna nap i wanna get my sleep back in order mehhhh 
i need a monitor for like an hr :( ... 
so doesnt feel like doing exercise 10 in < PROPFEMALE > chap 5 but done with ex 1 
scratch that just looked back at the assignments to turn in yay no exercise 10 :D !!!!!! 
i need help on my last math problem 
feeling accomplished :D 
im ready to take my test and leave ... this teacher said ok 20mins on the review ... its been half an hr & the teacher is still going over the review * facepalm * 
wow i remember how in high school nobody cared to even learn spanish now everyone is trying to learn it .... ironic much .. j . s 
pulled an all nighter :p 
so i decide to wear a skirt .. and i get stared at ... bit intimidating 
if i send a link to anyone saying is this you ... link ... lemme no 
lets see how today goes hopefully well :D 
still havent been able to finish the labs for chap 7 in programming :( 
time for the first class of the day and only class of the day woot ! 
one problem left for math and no strikes left :( i cant get it right :( 
who gives a 8section chapter test in math on a day before thanksgiving ... wait I know who .... >.> 
almost done with all the work for the week 
cleaning , then on to make cookies :D 
back home chillin out outside :p 
time to sleep in and chill 
cleaning the room\ 
looking way better :D 
watchin the last airbender ... i think ? 
i want a xmas tree for the apt :( 
feels creative to make scrapbook pages and < PROPFEMALE > em up as pictures :D 
great day ! 
get to spend time with him :D 
first two classes canceled one left to go 
just got back from shopping :D 
yay ! no classes today ... okay maybe one but its at 2 
1 class tomorrow :D 
almost done with this research paper :D .... bed is yelling my name through a microphone :( 
left my usb in a lab ... :( good bye all semester hw :( 
Until December 10th , change your default\ 
picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The purpose is not to see a\ 
single human face on Facebook , but an invasion of memories\ 
supporting the fight against child abuse ! 
Ugh no internet .... epic fail\\nBreak even 
Stop\\nBreak even 
EXHUASTED ! had a blast today feeling accomplished one final to tackle ... dont feel like studying but ya gotta do wat ya gotta do .... 
This sucks no service on my phone :( 
today went from bad to worse .... so i decided going to bed would be best and starting over right now :D 
got a hamster :D ... i need a cage for it tho :( 
i have one weird hamster ... time for a trade in i want to be able to play with my hamster not observe it and bearly be able to pet it 
time for bed 
I wanna go to the zoo tomorrow for some odd reason but its suppose to get down to the 50s tomorrow :( 
to the mall ... but with who ?... :( 
my hamster just started hallin ass in her ball , she seems a bit impatient ... not like her :( 
is NOT looking forward to Saturday :'( 
what an interesting night it has been 
< PROPFEMALE > needs to wake up so i can put in new bedding ... lazy hamster :p 
i dont wanna go tomorrow :( 
still havent packed and leaving at 7am :( 
jamming out to aventura 
just now packing ha :p .... that means ill be either sleeping or texting on the way to the border with music .... which i need more of 
this epicly fails :( 
missing him ( < PROPFIRST > Greer ) 
dentist today rawr .. i know i have cavities ... meh 
half my mouth still asleep 
the eclipse is so pretty 
everywhere i turn all i see is areopstale and hollister 
yay im getting new glasses and new contacts turns out my vision isnt that bad dropped . 50 woot :D ... still missing my babe ( < PROPFIRST > Greer ) 
watching transporter 3 :D 
time to watch \our family wedding\ " :D " 
missing < PROPFIRST > Greer :( only holiday i dont get to spend with him 
ready to leave :( 
hmm wat movie to watch next ..... 
diggin my new glasses 
epicly bored 
christmas < PROPFEMALE > and christmas just doesnt feel like a holiday since i wont be able to spend it with < PROPFIRST > Greer :'( ... only holiday we've haven't spent together 
bored .... movie time to pass away the time 
wishing i could be where < PROPFIRST > Greer is at 
jamming out to some banda music 
today and these next two days need to hurry up and pass so i can go home 
kids these days just DON'T APPRECIATE the small things in life anymore .. 10 yr olds wanting and getting psp and a wii for christmas 
YAY GOING HOME TOMORROW !!!!!!!!! 
hr left then to wake everyone up .... great ... 
WOOT made deans honor roll list 
back home mmmm my own bed 
hamster got outta her ball and she came right up to me :D 
what a long day ahead ... but it'll be worth it 
finally done with laundry :D 
time to make brownies 
No class till 9 woot 
liking this week so far :D 
i really need a spare key to my car 
gonna attempt to break in my own car for a 2nd time >'.'< ... i should be a pro at this by now 
got lots to do today 
time to take off the song bass down low song from phone its gonna get over played by the radio n e way :'( 
Time to get creative\\nBreak even 
she's finally using her wheel so happy .... though she won't use her igloo yet 
what a productive day it has been :D ... feeling accomplished 
done till 1 :D 
Yay money finally in card woot 
off to < PROPMALE > world 
nap time for about 1hr and half then principles of electronics :p 
hope i do good on my math test tomorrow ... time for bed cant concentrate on a math test if im sleepy 
i did way better than i thought i would on my math test :D 
epic gayness bookstore isnt buying back any of my books from last semester except for security 
staying awake so i can show up for electronics class and get this lab done ... rawr 
somebody should come over and bring me some alieve or tylenol ... so much pain and i look like crap just got 4hrs in of sleep after 31hrs of being up 
yay rain 
holy crap its hella < PROPFEMALE > outside 
ah no classes till 10 .... whats that sound oh right no motors being revvd or ppl blastin there music .... bed time :D 
gonna dye my hair purple :D 
time to go get the supplies woot so excited :D 
nap time ? :D 
my bottom layer of hair is indeed purple with a little brown its not like holy crap .... its pretty low key cuz the bleach didnt lighten my hair enough .... :p 
it so better snow tomorrow :D 
watchin invader zim yipee 
woo hair came out with more blue that really pops out and i still have my purple there too woot :D 
hair looks pretty bad ass it looks blue in certain lights and purple in others :D 
i look at math and get sleepy XD 
YAY ITS SNOWING ... I think just looked outside its soooo prettiful 
ppl over here just dont get that trying to do burn outs in this kinda weather and with the pavement cold you can't do one and its really dangerous 
NO CLASSES WOOT 
ah whats that ... oh yea nobody blasting there music or trying to do burn outs ... nap time :D 
is excited :D 
i need a graphing calculator :( .... just for one day 
so not ready for this math test ... hope i at least pass 
>'.'< ... XD made a 36 on my test 
not in a good mood at all , horrible day 
woo no first class she cancelled :D 
great night :D 
shower then time to pass out 
i want ice cream .... :D 
its funny how theres ALOT of ppl at < PROPMALE > world buying last < PROPFEMALE > gifts for tomorrow ... how sad 
today is gonna be a LONG day 
soooo tired 
shower then bed SO ready for this coming week :D 
so effin tired 
just what i needed a good shower ... 
just made a delicious smoothie 
enjoying my delicious strawberry smoothie :D 
so ready for round two 
what a horrible start to this week .... and i have a feeling its not gonna get any better .... so ready for it to be friday 
so wants to start playing wow again 
taco < PROPFEMALE > :D ! 
today has been yet another epic failure day 
feels like i should have some shades since my glasses arent up here and my eye is so suffocated its red on the bottom side 
feeling pretty damn confident about this test tomorrow ... finished my review 1min late cuz i cant see .... grrr 
gas prices are insane .... chain of reaction is soon to begin and not for the best >'.'< 
getting ready then off to meet my new niece then to manor :D glad to be back home for once .... i think 
so is this gas strike march 10 , 14 , & 15th ? 
slowly dies of boredom 
its friday i aint got a job and currently watchin a movie :D 
