i'll get you . don't worry . 

Illest I've ever been 
today ... is an amazing day <3 
who wants to buy me a tattoo ? :D 
facebook sucks . idk what the fuss is about . 
i'm < PROPFEMALE > , and i sell propane and propane accessories . 
is afraid of skin cancer :/ 
is actually leaving the house today . 
we're all going to be dead in 2 years ... why not live alittle ? 
Mr. Quadro makes the best chocolate banana pancakes EVER ! 
its 9 in the afternoon , your eyes are the size of the < PROPFEMALE > ... 
hates today's music :] 
wants to be a dj ... 
you fags ruined vampires . i cant believe some of the shit i'm seeing these days . its a disgrace . 
my new hair is amazing : x 
]]] onster <3 
RavenousRavenousTaryn . 
is gettin a snake soon :/ 
is pissed i can only get 30 seconds of stenchman >:/ 
i am my own redeemer . 
wow . wtf . 
its not fair . i used to be cute now im a hideous beast :/ 
needs a cellphone yo . 
if you see me today at any point ... you're gonna be like wow , lol . 
is in love ... <3 
is single and homeless . what a life . 
agh ... wtf . does it ever last more than a day ? 
who wants a mustache ride ?! 
needs entertainment .. 
= straight hate . lol 
cant deal with any more shit today . 
uh , fuck you too . 
< PROPFEMALE > and wonderland comes out friday :( 
aggghhh , i need an imaginary dollar to change my address online ! why are you required to have a credit card in life ? so dumb . 
has a sick obsession with Lil Wayne <3 
will never love again . 
feels sooo much better today ! i can actually smile :D 
HA , whats on my mind ?? the best thing in the fuckin world , thats what ! lol 
is trying . not succeeding yet . but trying . 
has a thirst that cant be quenched . 
astrology is such a load of shit . idk why i ever bother 
Let's see how forthcoming my facebook friends are . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you . This could get interesting .. 
gnarwals are real !? wtf ! 
forgot how much she loves the single life <3 
things are just so crazy ... in a good way tho :) 
is back with my lover :) 
needs a new cute little friend to party with :) 
HA . you thought wrong :) 
is excited . :p 
needs a phone ... 
is gettin way better at skateboarding :) 
got employed at subway today ! 
i'm sooo gettin an ipad . 
ordered a phone today ! ask me for my number when i get it :o 
wonders why her boyfriend gets on facebook and for some reason always forgets to unblock me .... 
aliens exist ... idc . 
i like being clever :o 
if anyone knows < PROPFIRST > Bevan , punch him in the fucking mouth . 
ask me for my number in a lil bit :) 
Text me ! 7243178799 
Damn it ... its anime night . 
My new number 7243178799 
Is soooo sick and fucking tired of playing this game every few weeks . Go kill yourself . Seriously . 
Feels good for once . 
Swimming ! 
Pink hair today 
Pink hair today ! 
Dude , I'm fuckin bored today ... who wants to hangout ? 
You think you know everything don't ya ? 
text me dude ... 3178799 
< PROPFIRST > don't do it ! < PROPFIRST > done did it ! < PROPFIRST > don't stop til you're done wit it ! 
< PROPFIRST > don't do it ! < PROPFIRST > done did it ! < PROPFIRST > keep doin it til you're done wit it ! 
EwEwEwwww ! You are soooo fuckin nasty !! 
Loves this life . Lol 
I'm disgusted . Absolutely fucking disgusted . Go kill yourself . Please . Just do it . I hate fucking WHORES ! And not just girls are whores , trussst me . 
Twofaced faggots . 
Suck my clip , swallow my bullets and don't you quit 
I finally let myself free . I can't wait to meet someone new , and worthy of my love :) 
Wow . Just wow . :) 
i swear you cant fuck wit me , but i can fuck yo girl and make her nut for me , then slut for me , then kill for me , then steal for me , and of course it will be yo cash , then ill murder that bitch and send her body back to yo ass ! 
i swear to jesus christ , if my info disappears again im killing a small animal . 
If you don't already know about them , look it up . The mystery of the 13 ancient < PROPFEMALE > skulls ... I can't even sleep now . Crazy shit . 
Feeling artistic . 
9 days til Ozzfest !! 
is def skatin ALL day today ! 
Purple is the best color for anything :o 
I wake up everyday , shower , then skate/walk literally all day long . But I have fun everyday :) Txt . 317-8799 
If anyone is going to Ozzfest today , please take me ! 
shut up bitch swallow . If you cant swallow , shut up bitch gargle . 
< PROPMALE > Morrison is fucking brilliant . 
HEY . my phone is shut off , so if anyone tried to get ahold of me . thats why i never responded ... sorry 
is a dubstep junkie . 
phone is back on !! 
for as much shit as i talk , theres apparently alot more shit said about me ... and i dont even do anything thats said ! people just cant believe theres actually a girl out there thats NOT a whore . 
Needs to smoke ... 
11 days til my birthday !! 
Its gettin cold . I can't wait ! Fall <3 
is so sick of feeling like this every other week . Will I ever find someone actually worth it ? Or at least there for me when I need them ? Am I really that horrible ? 
just heard thunder <3 
Creatura vile < PROPFEMALE > notte <3 
my birthday is going to suck . i already know 
Drinkin with < PROPFEMALE > and lil Hitler ! 
is liking life lately :) 
is def going to raves again . i miss the life . 
Strawberry Cough <3 
Tryin to sleep and its just not happening ... wtf 
Love is the intense absence of fear 
you ugly bitch .. ill fuckin stab you . 
Who's havin halloween parties this year ?? 
I have a feeling I'm going to regret this , but I'll give it a try . Like my status & I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a weird nickname8 . Challenge you to post this on your wall 
yes , i'm really getting married <3 
wtf man .. :/ 
Needs to get a tattoo ! 
Currently gettin a tattoo <3 
In serious need of liprings . Can't wait til friday ! 
Shit is just not good . 
Dude ... I want an ipad ! 
wants some real Italian food . 
download ' dubstep therapy . ' it starts out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and goes into some sick shit . i love it 
With all due respect , that idea aint worth a < PROPFEMALE > painting of a whale and a dolphin gettin it on . 
Im really fuckin done with men . NEVER again . They really are all the fuckin same . Its fucking disgusting . 
i hate girls that look like nerdy men with makeup on and think theyre hot . 
Who wants to teach me how to drive ?? 
Freedom is such a beautiful feeling . I have no stress . I finally get to live my own life . Ill never let anyone tie me down again :) 
I will not apologize for < PROPMALE > . 
I can't wait to go xmas shoppin ! 
Why so serious ? 
I need a ride to work son . 
Off tomorrow ! :D 
Is def smoking crack and worshipping satan . \ 
Lol 
If you don't like me because of my lifestyle , fuck you . Your opinion doesnt matter anyway :) 
-Before you slip into unconsciousness , I’d like to have another kiss . Another flashing < PROPMALE > at bliss , another kiss , another kiss- 
who wants a mustache ride ?? 
The childfund commercials are getting aggressive these days lol 
Sightings of shape shifting , Disolved into the darkness , A final opinion is of less value , Than an appreciation of and tolerance for obscurity . 
Wow christmas was pretty sweet thia year 
Why is NJ and everywhere else up here under 3ft of snow and cville isn't! ? I wanna make a giant snow penis ! 
look up ' < PROPFEMALE>' on urban dictionary . its great lol . 
if there ever is a time that you would rather shit in a plastic bag and throw it in the corner than get your fat ass up to go to the bathroom ... please grab the nearest shotgun and kill yourself please . 
Idk .. should I keep the snakebites ? or go back to one ? 
to get to a model weight for my size and frame i have to lose 30 lbs ... 
is sick of being unappreciated . 
