Happy new year ! Im thinkin positive . 2011 is gunna be great im really excited . Im already happy but its just a matter of time before things fall into place . One of my resolutions for the new year is to eat healthier . 

This year someone should teach me how to play guitar ! 
6 months clean today ! I am so f-ing proud of myself . I am so blessed to actually be present for this unique experience . Im so emotional today lol . Love ya ! 
I had a weird , not fun , lame ass week . But i can appreciate it for what its worth and let it go . This next one will be better ! Ive got to have some thing good coming my way ! 
Its not tuesday ? Fuck i dont want to go through this again . I hate being confused about what day of the week it is :( 
I need my starbucks fix before work 
Im in such an awesome mood because I know a secret :) 
My < PROPFEMALE > pulled all the snowflakes offa my xmas tree :\\ 
Thanks everyone ! 
Got micro dermals done under my collar bone today . Loved it ! 
Im thankful i havent touched anything hard in 147 days thats almost 5 months and my life is amazing now i can feel joy sadness anger pain . Even if it hurts im happy im not numb anymore . Im lucky im alive . I thank god for the < PROPMALE > to change . 
Im gonna find something more productive to do . I hope everyone had a good thanksgiving :] 
Curious . Questioning alot of stuff right now . Wondering how tonight will go . 
Im last cut tonight and we dont close for almost 2 hrs 
The only downside is you've got a fucking horse in your car . Wow people do some crazy shitt . Love the soup . 
im gonna take a coffee break and maybe clean my house . < PROPFEMALE > out with my mom in an hour . 
Its such a beautiful day ! <3 
pretty crazy how the universe gives me exactly what i needed , to hear , to see , or just what i need . im so lucky , 5 months tomorrow , its better like this . 
I just started reading tao te < PROPFEMALE > i like it :) 
I want soup and crackers i feel icky today :( 
Such a habit to never sleep earlier than this . 
My favorite fucking sweater is ruined . Im gonna end up paying 80 bucks just cuz i didnt do my own fuckin laundry . I always do my own laundry . I told that bitch not to put it in the dryer . I cried ! That sweater was hella cute :( so sad . 
After tonight im happy i have tomorrow off :D 
I want really yummy food but im indecisive 
loves all the christmas lights on the houses they are amazingly pretty and make me happy . 
wishes she were a space girl , but she's not so instead of bounty hunting tonight she gets to go waitress :/ oh and its like spring outside right now , in december ... weird . 
Stellar . 
Im up so early not fun 
Is in colorado :) 
wow i am really going through alot right now . this sucks . the old me wouldnt have even noticed these feelings because i would have been high , feelin good . now its complicated . i need a distraction or sleep or something . 
Tron was cool but 3D is kinda lame . Oh and I really wanna see Despicable Me Im glad its a rental now :) 
Fooly cooly 
Now if only my house would stay this clean :) 
Loves < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! She's such a good hearted down-to-earth sweet beautiful girl . I like that alot . 
I rushed home after work ( for no reason btw ) i get all spacey/frazzled when im in a hurry ... I left my keys in the door all night ... oops . 
So blessed . I finally made it home it just took a lil < PROPFEMALE > . I got my shopping done though :) 
I think my favorite thing ever right now is the night sky . I appreciate how looking up at it always brings me back into the moment :) 
Falling asleep i ll try n get a few hours before i have to do the family thing in the mornin 
Even fairytale characters would be jealous 
Pj's , popcorn , pepsi , and Pride and Predjudice . I absolutely adore this movie ! 
So close your eyes , but don't dream too deep And please pass me some memories And when i fall you're underneath 1000 broken hearts carried by 1000 broken wings 
Stayed up too late , got up too early . 10 things i hate about you (: 
My power would be telekenisis if we had powers . 
Last day of 2010 . 
I love being blonde but i love being brunette too and its so annoying to keep up blonde hair my roots are sooo dark . I dont know what to do . 
Can anyone recommend a really good book to read ? 
Ok so im dying my hair im nervous :/ 
So if ur hair was blonde how do u make it brown after it turns blue gray . Omg ! What did i do ? 
Went to work , found out im an extra , which is awesome , i just wish they could have told me before i rode my bike in the cold . But i still like suprise days off :D 
Hawaiian pizza 
Breathe in for luck Breathe in so deep This air is blessed You share with me 
I & hearts ; red raspberry margaritas from La < PROPFEMALE > ! 
No matter how cute i look people dont quite tip 15 . Wtf i look really cute tonight . And i always tip at least 20 . Im having fun somehow lol . 
I like tall guys . Tall is hot . 
Sunday Sidework : I am not looking forward to this bologna . 
Im so sad i lost my sock wtf 
Annoyed 
I made this up on the way home from work ... \ 
\ 
MY HAIKU\ 
I love it most when\ 
the < PROPFEMALE > looks like Cheshire Cat's\ 
haunted little grin 
I'm getting help with budgeting today .... can you tell how enthusiastic I am ? 
holy f im grateful 
Sweet dreams til sunbeams find you 
Never knows best 
HA . For some weird reason I wish I had a blunt right now . I'd only take 1 hit , lol , but damn that sounds really good . 
I'll tell you something , I am a wolf but\ 
I like to wear sheep's clothing . \ 
I am a bonfire , I am a vampire\ 
I'm waiting for my moment ... 
thank god for suboxone 
I'm annoyed with how everyone I like or care about thinks they can take advantage of me . Am I just too nice to stick up for myself ? Don't comment please , I'm just venting . 
Hello there , the angel from my nightmare 
It's weird to be buying nice things instead of pawning them . 
I am so incredibly blessed and so is my family . I've been praying for you < PROPFEMALE > , you deserve only the best . We will have to celebrate tomorrow ! 
Who eats ice cream everyday ? \ 
... I do ! \ 
I've gotta stop doing that . So much for my resolution . 
Yahoo's main article is about how President Obama dyes his hair to cover up the gray . SERIOUSLY ? Who the fuck cares ? What's wrong with people , to make them think this topic is worthy of reporting ? 
“Ego-death does not mean the disintegration of the healthy ego , the ego we need in order to function in daily life . What dies in this process is the part of us that holds on to the illusion of control , the part of us that thinks we are running the show , that we are in charge . What disintegrates is the false identity that operates as though we are the center of the universe . ” < PROPFEMALE > Grof 
My one true love , shopping . 
You ever have a day where you feel like you're getting dumber ? Lol , maybe it's just me >.< \ 
Sweet Dreams ... 
Why would anyone want to bring this on us . There is real evil in this world . I'm incredibly stressed . I'm shaking from nerves . I have to remind myself to take Deep Breaths , in Faith . 
Cancer statistics are gonna go sky high as a result of all the guidos and guidettes who are living in a tanning bed and a cloud of hairspray . 
How do I get on a computer without the password ? 
I'm having trouble with this right now ... \ 
Reality : the quality or state of being real . \ 
a real event , entity , or state of affairs . \ 
the totality of real things and events . 
I'm walking this path alone . As its meant to be I suppose . \ 
“It's wisdom to recognize necessity , when all other courses have been weighed , though as folly it may appear to those who cling to false hope . ” J.R.R. Tolkien 
Reminds me of FLCL . \ 
I am a galactic activation portal ... enter me . 
I'm so tired these past few days . I just want to sleep and not go to work . I have a headache too . I'm gonna stop bitching now and find some caffeine . 
Looks like I lost my phone again , don't have enough money for a new one , or the < PROPMALE > , or internet , or court on Tuesday . Awesome . 
Ive got a lovely bunch of coconuts * de de la de de * there they are a standing in a row * bum bum bum bum * big ones small ones some as big as your head ... <3 
Breakfaaaaast Burrritos ! YUm ! 
Football is boring . That's what I think . 
Wow work is extra boring . 
Long day . This week's gonna be crazy . \ 
\A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Brontë\ 
I can't wait until everything is green again ... 
Personally , I find Bitches hard to get along with . 
I've been single for 3 months . Why would I want to deal with old relationship drama . There's a reason its over . I have my own life and my own problems and don't wanna deal with something I've moved on from . 
I just spilled half a bottle of glitter on my arm and all over the bathroom , oh well , at least its pretty :D 
I <3 shopping ! 
Now bottoms up and double my dosage . I like < PROPFEMALE > minaj :) 
Coffee , I missed you . 
I'm running outta time to get everything done today . 
I got a pink balloon and I'm pretty stoked about it . Regardless of how bad life has fucked me , I'm going to be happy . 
Literate and Stylish\ 
Kissable and Quiet\ 
well that's what girls dreams are made of 
I love being single . Wouldn't have it any other way . Simply , not interested . 
I hate that when I scream , and I scream bloody murder , that I am screaming into emptiness . 
Do you see what I see ? 
Payday :) I actually started savings today . Official budget too . It feels good to be in control of my life . 
I think it's funny to like your own comments . 
I say a big fat whatever to everything . That's life . Get over the shit and move the fuck on . Contemplating really big things puts the smaller things into perspective . I'm not gonna make it harder than it has to be . I'm learning to let go . 
Feels like I'm dreaming . 
I'm late , I'm late , I'm late . 
Damn Seriously .? I had a really terrible night . I don't wanna complain , I just wish it wouldn't have been this bad . 
I won't be made useless . I won't be idle with despair . I will gather myself around my faith for light does the darkness most fear . 
my brain is shutting down 
incredibly upset 
Weird dreams . 
Grateful to have a job , happy to have the next two days off , lucky to have 8 months clean , and okay with sleeping by myself in this amazingly comfy bed ! \ 
good night . 
It feels like its been ages since I've had a day off . I don't even know what to do with myself . Drawing ? Reading ? Poetry ? Crafts ? Bookmans ? 
I don't want to wait 35 whole entire minutes for my pizza :/ 
Oak Creek Nut Brown , Quesadilla's and True Blood . Strange combo , but I'm okay with that . 
watermelon <3 
nite ! true blood and to bed early . ;) 
What's with the earthquake in Clarkdale ? That's not too far away is it ? 
There's a fire starting in my heart , \ 
Reaching a fever pitch and it's bring me out the dark , 
I chose my own path and left home without a road map\ 
Dressed for sunshine , should have known better to pack\ 
For those days that would turn rainy , cold , and black 
Bitch . I will eat you alive ! 
Needs a hug or a huge glass of wine . The state of my life is completely unfortunate and very much unfair . 
