SLEEPIN IN . SO TIRED 

cash cows 
UHHHH < PROPFIRST > I SELL COCAINE AND COCAINE ACCESORIES 
FARM TOWN IS QUITE PIMPTASTIC WHEN YOUR BORED 
cant sleep . rolled around for a bit and gave up . >..< anyone got some Ambien CR ? 
screw it . farmville = farmtown . i can manage two farms 
its so hard to get tired . good night 
to tell the truth i know what that means , i never been so good at that its never what i thought , but i try again , i try again , if nothing can be done , if nothing can be done 
good vibes be upon < PROPMALE > Zelada tonight <3 
BEGIN MY EPIC WAITING ADVENTURE 
psychedelic phenethylamine everywhere 
\sleepysaint : but i think paranoia is unwarranted \"" 
<3 
me and you want to chewing on the carrots set inside renew inside the house crashing water running everywhere taking nibbles off the curtin risers you and me want to every evening every hour watching ... 
UHTUHTUHTUHTUHUTHTUHTUTHUTHTU SSSAAAAMMMUUUURRRRAAAIIIIIIIII ~ 
Space monkey in the place to be Riding in a rocket to a planet of sound Shooting the < PROPFEMALE > , playing dominoes and drag An increasing population of 100 percent Space monkey in the place to be With a chemical appeal and a picture of < PROPFIRST > Out on a limb in the carnival of me Raising the temperature 100 degrees 
I'LL SPEND THE NIGHT WITH MY PILLOWHEAD GIRL - WE NEVER FIGHT OR SAY A WORD - I'LL SPEND MY LIFE WITH MY PILLOWHEAD GIRL - SHE IS MY LOVELY FACELESS < PROPFEMALE > - I'LL SPEND THE NIGHT ... WASTING AWAY - 
* unintelligible static * 
belong no more to those powers that make men do harm before the war influence powerless , no means to fight the sun is life its food and happiness warms everything it's so powerful the light for everyone to be aware 
how long can they keep us on the line if we jump off power grids will use our own devices to communicate with in our place power is made by the sun and the ... how long can they keep us on the line when we jump off power grids will use our own devices to communicate with in our waste power is made by the sun and the ... 
i am venturing into osx86 to give a judgment on the new osx version 
it sucks when your tired . but there is no natural draw to want to lie down and sleep once ur up . insomnia , no , wrong word . I'm just oppositional to my own needs 
I feel like < PROPFIRST > ! 
i cant sleep again :-( seriously . wtf . toss and turn toss and turn and nothing is comfy . but anyway , 4 MORE DAYS ! <3 
3 more days . i hope i get sleep tonight . 
im on stickam , you know where to find me , im not tired whatsoever . wtf its 3am already 
a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y zed 
You're the sweetest thing I see I'm telling you it's no lie 
that was a wondrous panic attack . FFFF my life . im so nervous . im converting all my FLAC for my HTC G1 so i have music for the trip . <3 
take a walk on any day what is real you cannot say drink a sliver of the sky see an angel floating by four dimensions we can feel can't decide if they are real 
Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache . x 4 
Shawty had apple bottom jeans ( jeans)Boots with the fur ( with the fur)The whole club was looking at herShe hit the floor ( she hit the floor)Next thing you knowShawty got low , low , low , low , low , low , low , low 
s 
t 
e 
g 
u 
n 
< PROPFEMALE > needs to eat her 
ok i have osx86 in a virtual machine that i leave on all day ( crashes on vmware permitting ) and it runs folding @home SMP . my PC itself has at least 1 SMP core on most of the day with AT MOST 3 gpu cores running , mattering on what core the WU uses for the GPU . god my room is hot 
FOOD POISONING IMA FROW UP HELP 
getting better . 
Johann Gambolputty de < PROPMALE > Ausfern-schplenden-schlitter-crasscrenbo n-fried-digger-dingle-dangle-dongle-dungle burstein- < PROPMALE > -knacker-thrasher-apple-banger-horowitz-ticolensic-grander-knotty-spelltinkle-grandlich-grumblemeyer-spelterwasser-kurstlich-himbleeisen-bahn wagen-gutenabend-bitte-einnurnburgerbratwustlegernspurten-mitz-weimache-luber-hundsfut-gumberabershonedankerkalbsfleischmitt ler-aucher < PROPMALE > Hautkopft of Ulm 
People won't be people when they hear this sound that's been glowing in the dark at the edge of the town 
once - one time - i was amazed - natural delay - and your wide voice - got out of phase - i couldn't explain - : - why - would some - < PROPFEMALE > out race - a statement as vague as - \once - one time - i was amazed\ " - i was amazed " 
Restaurant City is Shit ! 
i <3 School of Seven Bells 
you've seen my overclocked CPU ... i need some suggestions on how to benchmark my system . prime calculations ? i dun know what to use . 
i feel so hyper and giddy and confused . less then a week until my 21st b-day . anxious as hell 
why can't you accept all the Gift requests at the same time . seriously , i have so many backlogged because i hate clicking over and over . 
damn fags and their foosball games on the looky-box 
Singer is a crook , whoa-ey-oh - Singer is a crook , whoa-ey-oh - Singer is a crook , whoa-ey-oh - Singer is a crook , whoa-ey-oh - Kitchen is a cook , whoa-ey-oh - Scissors are the barbers , whoa-ey-oh - Singer is a crook , whoa-ey-oh - The chorus , full of actors 
two more days breh 
EVERYONE BETTER BE ONLINE TOMORROW . CELEBRATE WITH ME , ITS TIME TO GET SRSCHAN . 
why am i eating bakers chocolate ? its so good thats why ! 
im probobly gunna be on dat stickam most of the day today . if i am away or not . you know where to find me bros . 
blue < PROPFEMALE > belgian white wheat ale . that is all breh 
feels good man . i'm tired for once . yay i found a cure for insomnia 
I'm very glad that today is the only day i will be drinking . 
i wanna sleep but my head hurts 
good morning :-) 
Im dreading a time that is not near - As a man on cross I have no fear - I cant believe these words Im saying - You gotta feel your lines - You gotta feel your lines 
Rolo < PROPFIRST > Brown Town - Check yourself right at ? the door - Give us all some Rolos - You know you've got to give us some more - of those Rolos . 
cant entertain the idea of sleep just yet . 
is in Cali with Kate/John . SO LIZZ IS USIN MY FACEBOOK PLAYIN GAMES ;D 
< PROPFIRST > is safe in Cali with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and he's takin a nap , don't worry mom lol <3 
lul still in cali being safe 
i would totally broner over ___ ! ( fill in the blank ) 
samulai : I DONT * throws paste * WANNA BE * throws paste * WHO I DONT WANNA BEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
Cash ! 
Welcome to CashVille - the new facebook game where Cash rules your existance . 
noisuf0 ? : im a ca$h addict bby 
i swear i have ADD . i am working on these essays that i have to do , and i just cant focus on just writing them . i get bored so quick . ideas come to mind but they seem irrelevant to the topic . i wish i was on something for this . 
oh caffeine i wish you weren't so double-edged . 
FACE 
MORE THEN , THINGS WHO CHANGE , MORE THEN STAY THE SAME , KEEP THAT , SMILING WAY , PATTERNS POWER SHAPES 
It's Cafe World's 1 MILLION fan celebration ! Cook super-profitable Super Sliders that won't spoil during the festivities . Find them on < PROPFEMALE > 3 of your coookbook ... Hurry up , they'll be gone soon ! 
navjack27 : a Bro is a archtype angel made by God to make sure the men of this world have someone of a higher power to show them the way of godlyness 
http://scheduletwo.com/video/man_man/top_drawer 
http://www.whymepodcast.org/2006/04/whyme_049.html 
gotta get it get it got it good i got it get it gotta gotta get it get it got it good i got it get it gotta gotta get it get it got it good i got it get it gotta gotta get it get it got it good i got it get it gotta 
nothing ever gets done on the time frame that i require it to . 
I'm feeling rough , I'm feeling raw , I'm in the prime of my life Let's make some music , make some money , find some models for wives I'll move to < PROPFIRST > , shoot some heroin and fuck with the stars You man the island and the cocaine and the elegant cars 
I'm a curse and I'm a sound When I open up my mouth There's a reason I don't win I don't know how to begin 
Distance , it grows now You don't , reach for me All I got , all I got Is my scars 
The ether was wearing off . The acid was long gone . But the mescaline was running strong . Good mescaline comes on slow . The first hour is all waiting . Then about halfway through the second hour , you start cursing the creep who burned you because nothing's happening . And then - ZANG ! 
But the night rolls around And it all starts making sense There is no right way or wrong way You just have to live And so I do what I do And at least I exist What could mean more than this ? What could mean more ? Mean more ? 
no , wait , hear me out , sock , sock it to me , pink sock it to me 
Said Superman had come to town to see who he could rock He blew away every crew he faced until he reached our block His speakers were three stories high with woofers made of steel And when we boys sit outside , he said \WIKKI WIKKI WIKKI SHUT UP ! \"" 
i wake up and im $tickam'n like a fellin and then i chill with my bros and luv my gurl . my life is awesome . 
no-no-n0-flashlight-flashdance-trashcan-no-no-n0 - these are the items , the memories will get the guidance * crazy techno bass beat * 
rage is the new black . 
GODDAMN NASA 
loves post-rock music . 
Roboto : ill mechanically seperate your beef then mechanically pork you 
\my body gets itchy and i just cant sleep and i wanna rock back and fourth in my bed and yell alot cuz it hurts\ " - some < PROPMALE > cosby on the internet " 
oh god what have i done 
Nuestra Comunidad Nuestro Amor Comprender que esto es importante 
fuck the new Verizon droid . i am old school , i have a G1 and i love the Android OS . 
i dont even do anything with my life at the moment . i live in < PROPFEMALE > arizona . and i have SAD . i dont understand this at all . i used to think it was a psychological myth to sell meds . 
i'm thirsty . 
Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache . Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache . Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache . Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache , Mustache . 
This Will Destroy You 
everyone takes life so serious . smoke more dro bro , dat cali medical 
drinkin my steel reserve and enjoying the company of my friends on stickam . <3 u all 
clear your mind and expect nothing . doing this will assure a mindblowing night . 
I walked forty < PROPMALE > out into that desert now . Wailed and moaned , till a Lion , He called my name . And He said that Old Ship of Zion is taking way way out , Out into outer space . And He said everything gonna be all-right 
im taking an extended break on alcohol . it feel good but its bad for me . 
STOP USING THE FIREFOX ADD-ON FOR DISLIKES AND LEARN TO TYPE IT YOURSELF . 
don't you hate it when u got ur fave music pumping on your speakers but something inside ur brain isnt makin you feel the music like usual , lack of euphoria from music sucks ... i should do something bout this . 
just some < PROPMALE > i made 
for the 1st time in my life , i dont care that xmas is soon . nor do i want any material gifts . 
ride the spiral to the end it may just go where no ones been 
Sea of people . A bro have me < PROPFEMALE > orange tootsira 51 ,. HELP 
Oneironaut : FUCKING ' < PROPFEMALE > 
BRB STARTING NEW PHASE OF LIFE 
making structured music is hard . 
my new years resolution is 1920x1080 
I COME FROM JESUS BY THA POWER OF THA HOLY SPIRIT ! 
1 days , 01 hrs , 02 mins 
0 days , 23 hrs , 22 mins , 09 secs 
0 days , 13 hrs , 35 mins , 42 secs 
GOODNIGHT IM SLEEPING IN 
yeah its overwhelming , what else can we do , get jobs in offices and wake up for the morning commute . 
i just stress nommed . im taking a goddamn nap . 
Stay up all night to keep Lizz Bradbury company ? Yes ! 
Lizz Bradbury is here and we are having the time of our lives . Stickam Party tomorrow , be there . 
i cant sleep . woke up @ 1am Lizz Bradbury is still sleepin tho . 
hosting on stickam all day . party tonight . 
FCUK YEAH MINIFRIDGE ! 
i cant sleep , i'm hot n cold at the same time . 
TWO HUNDRED AND FIFTY . 
sterkam < PROPFEMALE > carm slaush navjack27 
Roboto : im afraid of ay papi 
? ===(????) ?? 
Roboto : bro status * pops collar * 
Sedona 
LUVIN U IS WAT I DO 
I dont want her to leave 
bag residue and lost snuggles 
Roboto : your thit , it interethtth me interethting thit . 
polyphonic ringtone 
i am working on another album . imagine being stranded in space , no way of being rescued , no other human contact . just you and the last of your oxygen tank and the thoughts in your mind and the vastness of space . 
probros.biz 
i think i found a new favorite band ! 
i stalled long enough , time for bed 
DAMN YOU KIDS , GET OFF MY FUCKING LAWN . 
URFFQUAKE 
The handshake's stuck on the tip of my tongue It tastes like death but it looks like fun 
We are alone , the world is not our home , we breathe the air , but we care , We feel the pain , we cannot explain , there are no words to be heard . A child's face is lost in outer space , his eyes are red , in our heads . We move along , we are pretty strong , we breathe the air , but we care . 
Step out of your skin , 
Roboto : My name is Jenk Huff and I love you . Please Western Union me baby sister sit check . 
sleep shouldn't be necessary in order to appear normal . I am not tired , why am i forcing myself to sleep ? 
Kate : i wanna do ecstacy and play katamari now Kate : ffffffff- 
get it get it get that money work that work that get dat moneh ge-ge-get it get it get dat money work dat work dat get dat moneh ge-ge-ge-ge sweet as < PROPFEMALE > wo-wo-wo-work dat work dat get dat moneh ge-ge-ge-ge get dat ass wo-wo-wo-wo-wo-wo-wo back dat ass 
9 years old - Peace . 
navtiidia has been a participant since 2006-03-19 ( 50 months ago ) , and in that time has typed 376,127 keys , clicked 240,996 times and moved his or her mouse for 0 < PROPMALE > . Averaging 0 keys and 0 clicks per second . This user last sent a pulse to this server on 2006-07-02 21:09:19 and has sent a total of 227 pulses overall . navtiidia lives in United States . navtiidia also referred 0 users to WhatPulse . 
sleepin like a probro 
Are you 18 or over ? FBI is in Need ! In just 18 months you can get the degree to become FBI . Earning $65k a year ! 
Two Hard Eggs - Going Against My Eyes 
The Moog - The Game - You Lost Good Day Sir <3 
< PROPFIRST > , HE'S IN THE PORTAL AGAIN ! 
frosted wolf knees 
Samurai Hovercraft in Vegas 
samulai : do you think youre funny or something just dying on cam while we watch in terror cause theres blood dripping down your lip and youre dancing to the grateful dead like a dead deadhead bleeding out of his mouth 
YOUR NEW NAME IS FIXTHE FERNBACK 
WILL BE COMPLETELY HONEST FOR 24 HOURS ... You can ask me 1 question ( only in my INBOX ) . Any question , no matter how crazy , sinister , or wrong it is . You have my FULL honesty , but I DARE you to put this text on your status and see what questions you get . 
you broke rule 0 
Oh my god , can it go any faster - Oh my god , I don't think I can last here 
\Drop out of school before your mind rots from exposure to our mediocre educational system . Forget about the Senior Prom and go to the library and educate yourself if you've got any guts . Some of you like Pep rallies and plastic robots who tell you what to read . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Zappa " 
H ????????????????????????????????? H ??????????????????????????? H ????????????????? H ????????????????????????????????? N ???????????????? N ?????????????????????????????? N ?????????? N ???????????????????? G ????????????????????????????? G ??????????????????????????????????????? G ??????????????????????????? G ????????????????? 
DEY CALL ME ICED WHEEZY CUZ WHEN I WHEEZE AT YOU YOU HEAR TIS GON GO TO ICE CUBES BOY CUZ IM A COLD ASS ORIGINAL GANGSTA I WILL FUCKING GAT YOUR ASS DOWN HOMIE 
when all you can see lines up - you can realize total mind control - real < PROPFEMALE > is demanding - mind-expanding - we all make the world 
¯\\(o ? º)/¯ 
like clockwork . noon hits and i get tired . what the hell 
H ???????? E ???? ???????? C ???? O ???????????? M ???????? E ???????? S ?????????????? ???????????? ¯ ??????? \\ ??? ( ?????????? o ???????????????? º ?????? ) ? / ?? ¯ ??????? 
i did it all for the haitians , YEAH the hatians , YEAH , so you can take that urfquake and stick it up your YEAH . STICK IT UP YOUR YEAH . STICK IT UP YOUR YEAH . STICK IT UP UR ... WHY did i shake so much , why did i die so much ? till i went to haiti and i figured it out , and im the only white one that did it . 
DONT HATE ME FOR ONE CRASH FUCK 
Is Makin ' Music ! 
Is Makin ' Food ! 
Is Making Dreams ! nini <3 
Is Making Brunch . omnom 
Making Music again , on and off just making musical sketches , might use em , might not . get on my stickam today and watch and listen to me make this stuff 
what do dad 
so i have a son named < PROPFIRST > Sluyter and another son named Zach Hodge . its awkward because the older one is sexually attracted to the younger one . what do i do ? 
pork my beans , bro'd my chode . 
all alone in the vastness of stickam . 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond . If you know me well , you know that I am ____________ , I love ___________ , and I can't stand ____________ 
you damn fools out there , paying to cram information in your head to get a letter on a piece of paper . our education system favors those who remember and are robotic . be someone out of the norm and educate yourself everyday all day , use your own resources and means . become someone , not everyone . 
staying up for my bri bri \wake up brian\ " \ " thanks dad \"" 
trippin fractals errydeh 
la la la leave it all behind - la la la see the fight - la la la make the best of it - la la la and goodnight 
thank you facebook for breaking your own website . welcome to shitbook 
Avatar DVD Screener Leaks To BitTorrenttorrentfreak.com — A few hours after Avatar received nine nominations for the upcoming 2010 Oscars race , a DVD screener of the film leaked online . The leak , which presumably originates from a screener copy sent out to one of the Academy members , is expected to be downloaded by millions of people before the Oscars winners are announced . ( Submitted by KrBP ) 
bed time . 
excited for Valentines Day <3 Lizz Bradbury 
Quite a surprise . - What an ingenious devise . - Boredom encompasses my time . - I don't know what I should do . 
good night and i'm going to have an amazing tomorrow . good mood , good vibes . 
Tonight Ladies and Gentlemen - I roll the dice - Just gimmie that dice - It's been so hard working for no one - I roll the dice - Just gimmie that dice - No matter what you do , you know - The world it keeps on turning - We never feel a thing 
glowing brains and scattered waves . 
TIME FOR SOME VALENTINES DAY CRAZYBUS ACTION ! 
Went down and Liked everyones facebook status that was positive and involved Valentines day . 
Lizz got me into Facebook . She got me making good decisions in my life . She got me a renewed faith in love . I owe everything to her forever <3 
yeah , I'm DONE with Stickam . My Account is removed . i need less excuses to waste time on the computer . So one more off the list . 
Swollen Glands . Sore Throat . No scratchy throat yet . I'd kill for some meds for this . 
i'm missing cashing out and tripping cat librarians , feels like i am over due for this . 
* lizz nuggest 
Is listening to Battles , i can't wait for them to lay down a new album . 
i've totally taken the daily limit or more of advil . Fuck these damn swollen neck Lymph Nodes 
is gargling and drinking apple cider vinegar with < PROPFEMALE > and hot water all day like a boss . 
OMG CEPACOL IS MAGIC . my throat is numb . 
that was a nice visit to stickam . its a rare event . but i wanted to not be alone tonight before bed . 
my throat feels perfect . ima try to get to bed now and stay sleeping for a normal time . 
lol all these people who think a hockey game somehow matters in life . 
Rockin out to The Icarus Line for the rest of the day while relaxin ... 
a different dime every time to take the tram . 
feeling creative 
is going to watch some T.V he is dead tired . 
is raging because he cannot find a app on facebook that lets me post in SIMPLE fixed width font . fuck you facebook . 
sworg ... sworg sworg sworg sworg , sworg ... sworg ? sworg sworg sworg ! 
HE SAID GET HIM OUTTA HERE , OR I'M GUNNA BITE OFF HIS FACEEEEE 
is wondering what he should do about his punk album . what direction do i go . what do i add . i need some input . someone needs to hear what i have and tell me directly what to change or try to do . 
The Slip from Nine Inch Nails is a direct reflection of the sinking into a manic episode 
a lil euphoria never hurt nobody ! 
If you got the dimes , you can ride the tram . 
all that was true is left behind 
Mind is restless but ... , Future is bright and hopeful ... , Where is my Lizzcake 
pulled an all nighter ... heh , feels good man . 
And I feel like something's always been wrong . Love of life is taking way too long . Maybe we were born too late . Maybe not born at all . Let's try and cure your latest pain . Prescribe the life that's driving me insane . Tragic turn of fatal flaws . My heart's left unto black . 
BIRDY < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > : Aujourd'hui , départ pour < PROPFEMALE > luberon dans < PROPFEMALE > but de commencer notre 3ème album . 
SLEEP FINALLY I'M TIRED ! 
fucking hates people ! 
\Poop almost made my Prom Dresses expire \"" 
HAPPY ST . PATRICKS DAY !!!! 
You'd agree it's a typical high - You fly as you watch your name go by - And once the name goes by - Not thicker than water nor thicker than mud - And the eight k thuds it does 
WELL PISS IN MY CORNFLAKES 
... 
forgot how wonderful kratom is . i'm going to limit myself on this . i'm going to also get my mom to try it for her shoulder pain , worth a shot ... right ? 
I've seen the likes of < PROPFEMALE > Bush - and < PROPFIRST > Morrison , teaching the parrot to sing . Take a Zeppelin riff , and you alter it a bit , you make lots of money . It's called plagiarism . 
... Ladies and Gentlemen We Are Floating in Space 
FINALLY social city collected ... got new things building but ... for now ... SLEEP !!!! 
All I want in life's a little bit of love to take the pain away Getting strong today A giant step each day 
Cool waves wash over me - Cool water running free - Lay your sweet hand on me - ' Cause I love you - love you - love you 
MINI MAWL SHOPPIN - TIME FOR BED 
can't get enough Icarus Line . 
time for some All is violent , All is bright and singing along and drumming on my thigh like a madman on suicide by < PROPFEMALE > 
I wanna try to host another < PROPFEMALE > for our lil group . i'm looking at imageboard software and such . i might do some of this on my local server for a while and see if its worth it . 
says \good night facebook see ya at 9am . \"" 
says \good morning world ! \"" 
MENTAL LULNESS 
ok srschan is up and running , i wont provide a link until it is secure and ready for you fucking losers to join in on the fun . 
wants people to be on stickam just to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
time for shpongle ! nothing lasts ... 
party on my stickam . join 
WELLLLLLLL HERE IT COMESSSSS THE SOUND OF CONNNFUUUUSSSIOOONNN 
Will the circle be unbroken - Bye and bye Lord bye and bye - There`s a better home a waiting - In the sky Lord in the sky 
N A V J A C K 2 7 - DATS ME ! 
When we see your blue planet we feel tingly inside . - Spaceship cold from the vacuum of space traveling . - Kittens , hash , by the dozen , we feel tingly inside . - Burn and burn the reactor churns . 
LISTENING TO KUSH GREMLINS AND LOVIN DAT Geocash 
Running benchmarks and tweaking my computer . Overclocking the gpu and squeezing more power from my cpu and memory . 
I styled up my windows 7 desktop . Now I need to find the best nvidia drivers . 19 x.x x series of drivers are confusing . 
We are alone , the world is not our home , we breathe the air , WE CARE , We feel the pain , we cannot explain , there are no words to be heard . 
it's working in your blood , which you know is not the same as love , love is only in your mind , and not your heart ! 
sleepysaint : it's kinda unhealthy in an ut wub kinda way 
Right now is Beans on Modern Marvels on History . 
Weather and feather . Ignored and vilified . - This ain’t no list . There ain’t no order . Keep your head stuck inside . - Fear of outside . You’re stuck on inside . You suck on inside . Let’s go out . 
Conjure Tip : Charm 4 Love . Write YOUR name on greeting card w/ your blood . Sprinkle Vodou Charme powder on it . Give or mail to target . - I LOVE THIS Dr. Christos Kioni 
Let the noise in , I need to feed my poison . 
Mom has pancreatic cancer :-( 
Well I dont mind dyin , Lord - I dont mind dyin , Lord - I dont mind dyin - But I hate to leave my mother cryin - Amen , Amen , Amen , Amen , Amen 
stickam ? i'll host i want to spread good vibes for my mom 
I am so heartbroken about my mom . Reflecting on the goodtimes . But plagued by my same old bullshit . Coping is hard 
WELL I DONT CHICKEN NOODLE SOUP . AND U GO AND SHAKE DAT WHOOPITY DOOP , WHOOPITY DOOP , WHOOPITY DOOP 
ok im depressed . i need some psych help . 
Space monkey in the place to be - Riding in a rocket to a planet of sound - Shooting the < PROPFEMALE > , playing dominoes and drag - An increasing population of 100 percent - Space monkey in the place to be - With a chemical appeal and a picture of < PROPFIRST > - Out on a limb in the carnival of me - Raising the temperature 100 degrees 
you had all of them on your side - didn't you ? - didn't you ? - you believed in all your lies - didn't you ? - didn't you ? 
I do not want this - I do not want this - I do not want this -I do not want this -and don't you tell me how I feel - and don't you tell me how I feel - and don't you tell me how I feel - YOU JUST DONT KNOW HOW I FEEEEL 
ima go afk for a while . goin to the store . txt or msn me 
Fuck 4-20 goddamn stoners thinking they can change the world with a toke 
I'm going to take a 1am walk soon . Just aimlessly and just think ... I need fresh air . 
back from my walk . i could of walked more but i got bored 
Xanax and stomach pain liquid meds ... I should be set until my thurs doc appt 
Took xanax as directed last night . Got horrible nightmares ... I need a different medication 
fuck it . no stickam night . go to ur own rooms . 
still cant sleep well . so im going to take a walk with my camera and tripod and some inspiration 
staggered preemptive multitasking 
* the crazy guitar section from Race : Out from Battles * 
my parents think i dont care that my mom is dying within 1-2 or 6 to 24 months . im sick of this existence where my drug abusing past is always used against me . 
Wow my phone has a good 14hrs from 100% to 0% battery ... and then it keeps running for 5 more < PROPFEMALE > . Lol , das cool . 
Gunna make ya bub bubs bounce gunna make ya bub bubs bounce , let's go ! 
total bullshit 
I'm cleaning out my friends list . So if u still see this message , u made the cut , good work . 
time to be drug free * sigh * . sometimes u need to look at everything in your life and reasses the priority of growing up . its hard , but it need to be done . things are moving so fast in my life , and i've always been afraid of that big step . Lizz ? Bradbury I LOVE YOU <3 you are my everything forever , we can come over anything in life and come out stronger because of it ! 
When we see your blue planet we feel tingly inside . Spaceship cold from the vacuum of space traveling . Kittens , hash , by the dozen , we feel tingly inside . Burn and burn the reactor churns . 
37.5 is the sweet spot for my trazadone sleep meds . 
oh its always the one thing that makes me stay up event ho im all sedated with my meds , stickam . ima chill for a lil bit then nap . Lizz ? Bradbury i love you !!! <3 <3 
ok bedtime ! 
I dont lie to you . I dont lie to you . I dont lie its true . I dont have any real friends . I dont live for attention , so fuck you . I want to see my killing face . I want to destroy the restless race . Never ever count my blessing . I dont lie to you . I dont lie to you . 
OK bed time ! 
brain receptors and good feelings . 
alarm set for 9:15 am . lets see if i actually am able to wake up or if my meds just make me groggy and horrible . 
No conviction in your numb mind - a hidden cell of chemicals - keep your soul on the projection - never turn on the camera - because ... 
Happy Cinco De Mayo - DONT DRINK , DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT ! EXPAND YOUR MIND OR JUST ENJOY YOUR SIGNIFICANT OTHER AND GIVE HIM/HER THE RESPECT AND ATTENTION THAT BREEDS HAPPY RELATIONSHIPS ! 
i swear , communication is easy . but for some reason when i talk about things , straight and to the point ... people end up reading into it wrong and inaccurately and just screwing over what simplistic idea i am trying to convey thru conversation . am i living on another plane of existence where i talk in riddles to everyone else ? 
is chillin listening to some Prefuse 73 and waiting for Lizz ? Bradbury to get done with chores so we can watch house and across the universe . she is watching the dvd rip , and ima watch the badass bluray rip , yeah boi quality whore here ! 
im going to bed . i had a great night 
I'm sick today 
I don't need this . 
thank you Lizz ? Bradbury for fixing my privacy on facebook . i need to get clean and then get a job and then . i know i said this 10000000 times before . but im just scared of growing up like anyone my age is . <3 you forever and ever . 
LOOKING FOR SOME TECH SUPPORT OR JUST SOME COMPUTER CONSULTING ON A NEW BUILD . CONTACT ME PLEASE . 
< a 50 
i am going to be removing my facebook soon . i'm sick of facebooks shady privacy and security practices . i dont care to have a social network selling my likes and dislikes and information and messages in order to screw me over in the future . 
to remove this or not to remove this or to ignore this and focus on life or ... ok no . NO focus on life . and fuck the drama . im getting shit together 
I WILL BE IGNORING MOST OF MY FACEBOOK . BUT IT NEEDS TO BE HERE . IM SORRY FOR DRAMA IM SORRY FOR EVERYTHING . 
i tried filling out the hospice of the valley volunteer forum to apply and i had no references so that is dead in the water ! 
stressed and just staying up trying to think of ideas to keep busy and productive 
is so tired 
ok i think i did enough job searching . im going to chill out with fora.tv and then sleep 
listening to GIRAFFES ? GIRAFFES ! 
applied to best buy geek squad in store tech support thing . ill call them back tomorrow i think ! 
all these job applications are confusing !!!! i tried at least 5 more jobs and just i get shot down at a couple answers i cant answer . -_- i need help with this 
im making myself sick over this job stuff . im going to just log off facebook for a bit . i cant handle this 
Forget what I said before . I don't care if facebook fuks with my security . I was overreacting . But id love not to have an account here 
Today is ' < PROPFIRST > is going to be making abstract < PROPMALE > again day . 
At the tempe marketplace . Bored . Hungry . Thirstry . 
so it seems like i am going to try to look into EMDR therapy for my social anxiety and a subox treatment for my short term withdraw symptoms . wish me luck and ill tell you when it happens . <3 you all 
outpatient therapy and subox maybe , computer taken away and cell . try to get my some other way . i love you all <3 
Phone back . Means I got interwebs and everything . 
Ugh , I need some < PROPMALE > Drake but I can't get a good website on my g1 to work . Anyone got his albums ? 
Bed 
You are now BANNED from the stand . 
Lethal weapon marathon on a&e wooo 
Frosted wolf knees and crocodiles that are really aligators . 
Guess who's here in arizona ! 
< PROPFIRST > is the chocolate cake ! 
Your dads bbq briskit ... POISION 
Holy Mountain and brain based confusion tonight ! 
Damn boys and ur basketball sports comments . Get lives . 
Tonight was fun . <3 ya all 
Is pretty awesome , according to lizz 
Just done job hunting . 1 app . 2 \please send resume \"." 
What will tonight and tomorrow hold . FIND OUT LATER LIZZJACK10 NIGHTLY NEWS 
Flavored mint candies and drops of happy mixxed with relaxation and the movie \go \"" 
Chicken dinner . 
Bus chicken allod o mmm !. 
I'm bored . Wanna dis and < PROPMALE > so bad 
1st day of opiate addiction rehab . What a joke . Ill post back with more or a pathetic transcript of the garbage I'm told 
Lol I don't have an addiction . I'm just socially not confident . Win for therapy . 
... they started eating him alive ! 
I'm kinda getting used to being tired all day . Oh how I wish to trip again every week . Brodays are behind me ? 
Editing pokemon < PROPFEMALE > with lizz . 
Might be editing and dropping a \demo\ " limited version of lizz and i's pokemon pretty soon . I would welcome feedback ! " 
Can't wait for the weekend FINALLY I can set up my desktop pc and enjoy some windows computin . 
Going on a walk with my lovebits . 
Sundxmday ? Trip SAT by lizzcake ? Wat do ! 
Its time to bright the day 
LIVE ON STICKAM ! GOT MY COMPUTER BACK , YOU KNOW WHERE I AM 
welllllllll here it comesssssssssssssss here comes the soundddddd the sound of confusionnnnnnn 
JESUS IS MY TRIP SITTER 
I'm feelin the crave for minecraft . Ima host the old server again . The one with the oopsies and the bus and all that . 
Oh fine . Ill keep the server on . No one went in when I had it up . 
lizz and i are on minecraft . come join us !!! 
craftin in the mornin craftin in the evenin , craftin at supper time . when minecraft is on the computer , u can minecraft anyime . 
i'm using opencraft so i need to build a new flatland server . 
Sleep Dep 
Youuuuu areeee maiiii samuraiiiiiiii 
Four loko makes for lolz when ur happy 
Why is my cupcake so perfect ? 
Something is wrong with my foot . I can't put any weight on it and I don't remember breaking it . Its numb on the side . And its a sharp pain when I put weight on . 
Sooo bored . Sooo sober . 
i hate insomnia . but i love it also 
Metro 2033 is graphically amazing . Story ain't half bad either . 
Shower ... not tired really yet . 
Yenny de la Pooppants . Bri-Li Phun . Ro-kelly McDugel . Lizzstien Beautybottom . 
Crawling in my skinnnn - these cinnamin buns will not cook . 
TL :D R magnets 
just beat metro 2033 
Pooping feels good man . Omg . The most underrated pleasure ever . 
Start to a new day ... time to watch downloaded tvshows all day -_- so bored 
Thanks goofs , Thoofs ! 
From the window ... to the wall . ( You finish the lyrics ) 
Goddamnit , fuck you ! This wont be the last time you see me nj , < PROPFIRST > my words . \ 
Tl ; dr magnets . 
In the sload of exisance . There is a magnet ? The atom bomb is a misnomer . Magnet sload ? 
Marriage is a social union or legal contract between individuals that creates kinship . It is an institution in which interpersonal relationships , usually intimate and sexual , are acknowledged in a variety of ways , depending on the culture or subculture in which it is found . Such a union may also be called matrimony , while the ceremony that marks its beginning is usually called a wedding . 
Dph 150mg - kpin 4mg .. 
i hope this nebraska stuff workds out 
stickam ? im up 
Doctors appointment for adhd-pi . Praying I get adderall . 
Nervous as a nug today . At least I have the fact that I really have adhd on my side and I'm not just a drug seeking kid . 
Whooooo script for 20mg xr adderall . 30 count . 
join me in stickam ? please ! 
i think i found what works for me . hello new productive life ! <3 
Bye bye appitite ... :-( it was a small one to begin with ... 
If you have awonderful partner in life , who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you , who works hard & would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is your world & someone that you're thankful for every night , then post ... this as your status :) 
I need shit to do while geeking . Suggestions ? 
[ citation needed ] 
took advantage of being up . i found out stuff for lizz online . i picked out some possible suits at kohl's . i scoped out some non-religious ministers . AND i pre-emptively checked out what wal-mart has for wedding cakes . FGM 
* sniff sniff * i need a shower soon , today is going to be a productive and positive day ! 
Kidney beans , gaspacho beans . Red beans . Pinto beans . All kinds of beans . Beans . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
10 goto 1 
1 print \hello world \"" 
Got mah hairs cut . 
beeb-steam de la bieber-bits 
Shoppin for wedding dresses . Omg lizz is princesssss 
Why is it so hard to get up early ... damn comfy bed . 
is really enjoying the starcraft 2 campaign . I might actually buy this game . 
SO EXCITE FOR TOMORROW 
is married right now ! 
< PROPFIRST > is married to Lizz ? Bradbury . · Comment · Like 
live on stickam for party ! 
Wow tonight ... so fucking ... I love my friends ... I love my wife ... oh my god ... 
Ain't nothin ' gonna break my stride - Nobody's gonna slow me down , oh no - I got to keep on moving - Ain't nothin ' gonna break my stride - I'm running and I won't touch ground , oh no - I got to keep on moving 
Next on ABC family ; Netjester's space secret family hour . 
Crittin down to baba's 
c21va2UgZW0gaWYgdSBnb3Qgc29tZQ = = 
Feels so beast-y . Like a beast . Roastbeast and mayo on rye . 
have you ever herped so much you derped ? 
taters begin to tate 
mom has emphysema on top of all the cancer . time to quit smokin . 
HOW ABOUT I SLAP YOUR SHIT 
That big de la lurch 
deal with it 
goin out to a club tonight . whooo 
I hate this fucking club I am in 
I met some fucking awesome friends 
Feels spicey mang . dat jwh 
early morning 
you rapists ... i dont appreciate being called a rapist .... then dont rape . 
Such a slow ass day . 
Wow ... bored and relaxin , chillin and maxin . Boke up and break it up , hell I'm gunna smoke it . 
Bro'd 
what was last night and who was nap 
Hungry . Makin perogies 
Leanin liquid 
Holy shit lizz deep fried ahot dog omggggggg 
get in Lizz Mangano's Stickam NOW 
STICKAM 
hiffwe\ 
hiffwe 
Wake up in the mornin ' feelin ' like Morpheus . I grab my pillow i'm out the door . i'm gunna sleep in this ally . before i leave , rub my eyes , get the crusties out . cuz when i leave for the night i'm-a have a sleep attack ! 
La-i-i-i-ik a gee six 
lizz wants to sleep in i guess .... i tried waking her like 3 times 
relaxing night , helped lizz with some image optimization and is just dealing with it , like usual . 
Lizz mangano and I are watching ' shrink ' on netflix on my ps3 . Feeling good . 
Woke up with a sore throat . 
Don't know what he should do about this minor sore throat . Or the fact that his knuckles feel swollen like I have ostioperosis . 
Letting my < PROPFEMALE > sleep in half and hour longer while I wake up and do morning stuff . 
I am Skeleton Jelly 
sleepysaint : < PROPFIRST > , i wish i was everything you are \ 
nav < PROPFIRST > 27 : u wish u were a lil overweight white man who is married ? \ 
\ 
nav < PROPFIRST > 27 : nice asperations\ 
sleepysaint : actually < PROPFIRST > \ 
sleepysaint : fuck\ 
sleepysaint : nice point\ 
nav < PROPFIRST > 27 : BEAN'D YA 
watchin < PROPMALE > soon . possibly i'll be on < PROPMALE > s for < PROPMALE > . skeeter sold me some dank < PROPMALE > s . 
there is a place that still remains , it eats the fear it eats the pain . the sweetest price i'll have to pay , the day the whole world went away . 
nobody likes McBeal'd 
Nausia heartburn indigestion upset stomach constipation . 
cant sleep . need assistance . so awakened . 
annoyed and bored . 
What do < PROPFIRST > w hoffman . Inception . And machete have to do with eachother . Find out next on this , movie theatre . 
Amazed by inception , so easy to explain if you dexxed before . Been there done that . 
Goin home to relax with my love . 
... my lovely lady lumps , check em out . 
I'm so bored . Wanna go out soon sometime this week ... wanna meet with some friends and just relax and feel good man . 
You can barbecue it , boil it , broil it , bake it , saute it . Dey's uh , bacon-kabobs , bacon creole , bacon gumbo . Pan fried , deep fried , stir-fried . There's pineapple bacon , lemon bacon , coconut bacon , pepper bacon , bacon soup , bacon stew , bacon salad , bacon and potatoes , bacon burger , bacon sandwich ... That- that's about it . 
Tell me your woes , on rye . 
4ish hours of sleep . Wake up for bathroom . Realize your hungry also . What do . 
Me , I cried out \God\ " You dared me in the dark I felt a hush fall quietly from my spark so now I hide in piles of princely orange peels It feels the way you told me how it'd always feel .. " 
with a long sigh let the hissing in stones deformed by gentle kissing and all the closed eyes start to glisten but it feels like someone's missing yeah it feels like someone's missing 
Meow meow amazing . 
Lizz and I must of ate too much < PROPMALE > n cheese last night or something . We are in sto < PROPMALE > h cramp city , population 2 . 
Needs something exciting to do today . I'd love to get outta the house . I hope some of our friends feel the same . 
eels feel good , man is god . 
is a nigra beast 
i love my wife . i love finally finding something we can do artistically together ! ut wub all around 
Lizz is making some fucking hardcore < PROPMALE > 
how much is too much and what ROA is the best ... for life . 
i'm sick of facebook games taking up valuable together time . lizz , your frontier is TEARING US APART ! 
tsotchke my word of the day 
So having fun with our friends . Meet a new cool friend also . A psy-budy 
Good fucking vibes 
No sleep tonight . Bored . 
fucking friends . text us back so we know whats going on ! 
i'm letting out ALL of my insanity in a 4 image 4096x4096 image in photoshop . 
ethylphenethylamine 
interdum Eu acho que tungumál er svo gert upp hugtak da može biti jebeno sa na dnevnoj bazi . 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? We got what u need 
cox cable gots whatcha need 
feels like a champ . 
goin over a friends house with lizz . 
Havin fun with friends . Stiggasourus . 
is having a good AMAZING day . cant wait to cuddle later . so happy my < PROPFEMALE > has a job . 
Feels fucking amazing . Thanks youji . Lizz be prepared for an amazing time @__@ 
Thinks project runway is the best . 
Loved watching < PROPFIRST > bartlet earlier . 
Is kind of scared for tomorrow cuz I won't have my lizzcakes because she is working . 
loves his wife ! 
does NOT feel good today 
feels good man , wants somethin to do tho . 
ba-ba-ba-balls 
SEVERAL PINGS , ONLY ONE WING ! 
humans arent everworking machines . we are a series of chemical reactions that is similar to consciousness . 
OH < PROPFIRST > REDCORN ! 
is formatting and reinstalling and losing everything bbwhenever its up . 
love abound . good morning world 
Time for bed , Have a good night errybuddah . 
Lizz M . Mangano helped me clean the insides of my razer lycosa . so clean . so flesh . 
relaxing tonight with C2H6O and a heaping pile of C15H10ClN3O3 
Something went wrong . We're working on getting this fixed as soon as we can . You may be able to try again . 
ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok OK . dammit , i need something exciting to do for my week long birthday . empty house . getting some cleaning done . and mainly RE-LAX-ATION . anyone wanna join ? 
is going to watch Rain Man with Lizz M . Mangano to * celebrate * that funny quiz ... 
tomorrow and all week we have the house to ourselves . goodnight world ! 
wild turkey 50% and some raspberry vodka . all we need now is friends to come over and party 
Havin so much fun with this craigslist friend . 
BYE EMINEM 
I feel amazing bros . Come at me . 
its almost 9pm , anyone wanna make a late night stop to our place ? 
< PROPMALE > of the hill drinking game 
< PROPMALE > Python movie marathon at our house . Life of < PROPFIRST > then holy grail and finally meaning of life . 
hookups be hard to find . damn you craigslist ! 
wanna smoke so bad . in the mean time , 420chan tf2 server . 
Fucking 420chan tf2 . That was fun . Taking a break . Spinnaz . 
Sour Diesel . Vin's dank cousin . :-P 
is downloading Cinema 4D 11.5 ... waiting for a torrent of 12 to appear in non-private trackers . 
' s wife Lizz M . Mangano is the most amazing and beautiful woman in the world ! 
... there is a < PROPFEMALE > in the kitchen , i just wet myself . so skerd 
so its mischief night ... what do ? any ideas ? 
and Lizz M . Mangano are getting ready for halloween and getting all decked out . body and face paint time ! 
Feelin good giving < PROPFEMALE > to kids . Anybody local doin anything later . Really wanna go to a halloween party . 
walkin around town like a zombo . join us . 
aleph bet vet gimmel falet hay vav zayin < PROPMALE > tet yod kaf haf haf sofit lamed mem mem sofit nun nun sofit samech ayin pay < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > sofit tasadie tasdie aofit qof resh < PROPFEMALE > sin tav 
another boring monday . why isnt halloween 2 days long and overnight and included more young adults ? 
give me weed or give me weed 
I have become ... comfortably numb ( lorazepem ) 
So apparently I have been potentiating my levothyroxine for a coupledays .. causing me to have a bout of hyperthyroidism tonight . Shits hyper n nuts . 
Did you steal the pouch from 50 cent ... DID YOU ? 
You didn't steal the pouch from < PROPMALE > ? 
dont give a shit about voting , never registered and i hate political debates . its simple . 
RIP EMINEM 
anyone wanna do shit tonight ? 
feels gong bang 
i feel so fucking good . 
new picture every day for novembeard . 
5-htp , magnesium , bentyl , my morning meds . 
is bored . wants social contact 
TIRED . who wants to snuggle 
worst sleep . fffff 
CAN YOU FEEL MY LOVE BUUUUUZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ 
crysis and fucking around 
Lizz M . Mangano is playing Sims 3 on my computer . txt meh 
don't know how to feel about today . nothing fun is going on and i just woke up . bordem to come whining to commence . 
Dat tram . Took it all the way to nodville , az . 
Watching a dog show with my < PROPFEMALE > . Playing scrabble on my g1 android also . <3 my girl 
lets see , i have full metal panic downloaded and lucky < PROPFEMALE > , and i'm getting the HDDVD rip of the machinist ... entertainment ahoy on the S.S Piracy ! 
MUSIC PARTY BLASTING KE$HA , I SWEAR I'M NOT GAY 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO BORED NEED SOCIAL CONTACT 
Pleaseput this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone)who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy andpaste this , mainly because they're too stupid to know how to copy and paste . Will YOU make this your status for at least one hour ? 
is rendering probably his most expensive and technical renders ever in cinema 4d . 
up early listening to The Empyrean by < PROPFIRST > Frusciante ... he is a fucking GOD 
feels the way you told me how it would always feel . 
-_- ratio watch @ what.cd 
COLORIN MAH HUIRS 
Wish I didn't have that NOS energy drink earlier ... I feel horrible 
no more novembeard . MY BEARD HURTS 
keep it goin ' louder 
holy shit . toy story 3 Blu-Ray rip . omg such a good movie . NOSTALG'D . 
i'm married ... fgm ... 
i lol'd so hard at Conor < PROPFIRST > Snedeker 
is watching The Room 
salame 
MAD DECENT SOUND , WITH < PROPMALE > LAZER . 
PEN PEN PEN , WHERES MY PEN ... MY PEN !!!!!! 
so my friend < PROPMALE > Hardcastle is the most attractive man i know . but Conor < PROPFIRST > Snedeker is a close 2nd . 
fast forward from 11th grade dexxing errydey to today and i still love math metal and sikth . @_@ 
wonders how everyone else is doing tonight 
vinyl noise in a rip just makes it sound better . any audiophiles agree with me ? 
feeling good . missing something tho ... more of something . 
is back on the 420chan BOINC team . 
that was a quick sleep ... now its 4pm ... WHAT DO TODAY ?! anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
no more day left . fuck my life . 
late night omegle trolling with my wife Lizz M . Mangano 
just got my mom x-mas gifts ! 
is seeing the new < PROPMALE > potter movie with Lizz M . Mangano tonight ! 
Holy shit this movie 
jason_oe : belly lovin , < PROPFEMALE > ing Arizona < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > the < PROPMALE > . A goatee lovin ' super pimp extraoridinaire . 
NOMMMMMMMMMMMMMM 
woke up early . took stuff for my stomach . sucks , but least its a relief . 
basket . 
as the ut wub flows from your kitchen tables today , think about the ones without ut wub and give them thanks . thanks hanks , thanks . 
im < PROPFIRST > filled with food 
woke up late . almost the end of the day . bored as hell . 
stickam time bros 
Turkey day leftovers . Oh holy Hoebstein . 
| why do i feel like my old emo highschool self all of a sudden ? 
| i feel like a chipper young adult ready to take on the world . thank you Will Marlett 
mega mother fucking icecream with cupcake shell - < PROPFEMALE > tracks ice cream - choc sauce - rice crispies and lucky charms ... HATERS ARE GOING TO HATE 
i still have some fight in me . anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out or something ? 
BOINC every computer i come in contact with ! 
ahh December 2nd , prepare to be the day with the highest amount of work units done on boinc . 
I just trippled my rooks . All about my pee-pee . 
_ 
Napville new on facebook 
i ??????? ????????? l ????????? o ?????????? v ???????????????? e ?????????? ?????????????? y ?????? o ?????????? u ?????????????? ??????????? a ??????????? l ???????????????? l ????????????????? 
' s shoulder wont stop being achy and sore . help me ! 
lol atreyu and MCR's 1st album . i had to download them . NOSTALG 
Lizz M . Mangano and I are playing some hardcore audiosurf 
haha this game sounds fun . send a number to my inbox and i'll post up my favorite memory of you . :) 
#9 0 2 1 0 - you are an awesome friend that i just wish i could get to know more and better . craigslist is a cool thing . 
live on stickam 
151550 - i used to think u were some weird ass wigger , but once i got to know you and stopped prejudging you i found out you are one cool ass bro . i hope u get outta ur rut and have a chill existance . 
BEAT CHA 
524320 - the best person i know who is british . bar none . 
ANDROID PHONES REPRESENTIN , I GOT THE OG HERE REPPIN THE HTC DREAM . YEAH BOIIIII 
netjester is your lord and master . 
no cielings ! 
hardcore cleaning . we both feel better . 
i woke up with a horrible backache . when will this end ? 
oh heating pad oh heating pad , you are my only friend . 
sleep is for the weak . stickam is for the < PROPFEMALE > ! join me ? 
sleepysaint : UPSTAIRS CHOCOLATE INTERSECTION ? 
sleeping the sleep of many sleeps and getting back on a regular schedule . 
crucified on a cross in front of all my closest friends 
i wish my android g1 could work primegrid on boinc ... just the small projects . someone port this ! 
downloading ALL OF snoop dogg . he has such a calming voice . 
i don't have that much money , but if anyone wants some music CDs for xmas message me and i'll deliver cd quality burns of any album u < PROPFEMALE > ! 
shoegaze ambient music and bros 
ya'll gettin in my stickam ? 
DO YOU SMOKE WIT SIGGAWETS ?! 
i feel like an avid \pot\ " smoker from 9 to9 and a half . " 
woke up thirsty and had to pee . finishing the update of my virtual machine ubuntu that runs boinc , then going back to bed . 
ok , going back to bed 
oh , ho and just like that . i'm up for a great xmas < PROPFEMALE > . 
online xmas party . ya know where to find me , stickam @ navjack27 
WOW , i'm a better DJ then i thought i could be . hope ur all having amazing xmas nights ! 
god damn strep throat . OUT OF NOWHERE ! 
has had a long long day . feel good nap now . 
got an ambien script and a 3 day Azithromycin perscription for my throat 
good night everyone . took my ambien ( 10mg ) and some melatonin . dreams abound . 
when you look into my picture ... you see infinity . 
i think both twilight and tron are overrated trash , so i am downloading both original movies and giving them a < PROPMALE > . lets see how long until i ALT-F4 windows media player classic . 
feels like mixxing up la roux and little boots . \little red boots \"" 
idiots , dummies , non-thinkers . goalless drones . i'm sick of all this blatant stupidity causing progress to slow just because the kids in the back of the class ( of life ) that have power , don't actually see the big picture . \ 
this isn't about anything or anyone , it simply is the state of things as it is . 
taking a break from boinc for a day , my room is hot . unless i need a space heater , i wont be turning it on today . 
i made pudding because i have lost control of my life . 
i love my baby mommas , they get my highest honor\ 
gotta take care of them kids , man i kno ya heard Obama\ 
and i love motor island , Atlantic in my backyard\ 
i just tell my pilot to land it in my backyard\ 
quarter back shot gun , you don't get any sack yards\ 
b-tch i ball hard , breakin all the back boards\ 
pretty boy < PROPMALE > step up i will crack yours\ 
and even at the White House we pull up at the back doors 
what to do today , what to do ? 
I'm Still Here WAS AMAZING . the best . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... leave me a 1 - word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of ** YOUR First ** Name ... It can only be 1 word ... then copy and past this to your wall , so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word and not copy , that's not fun 
Slightly Empathic\ 
Your score ( 29 out of 80 ) suggests that you are slightly empathic ( higher than 16% of others ) . 
flip ur fiddy cap back liek < PROPFIRST > Durst 
in love with the band stereolab 
FINALLY A KEYBOARD ! 
wish i wasnt so depressed about being blamed for things i dont do anymore . past is past , its a brand new year . 
that was FUN 
will now proceed to sleep ... zzzzzzzzzzzzz .... Lizz < PROPFEMALE > Mangano is the best wife everrrrr .... zz . z . z . z . z . zz . z . zzzzz 
i'm glad i got over my unknown hatred for Mew the band . its happy music , why did i think i hated this ? 
Goodnight < PROPFEMALE > ... goodnight , < PROPFEMALE > . Goodnight , cow , jumping over , the < PROPFEMALE > . 
i'm ... kinda enjoying DDR .... i LOVE rock band more still tho , but i'm seeing the enjoyment in this game now ... Beginner still tho ... damn back arrow 
off to Fry's to get dinner for the family , and some Vit waters for HYDRATION 
MAD DECENT < PROPMALE > LAZER !!! 
20 songs in a row . 111kcals meh , felt like 250 . 
Cleaned ALL DAY . i'm so bored , i need to unwind my mind . 
listening to the official The Slip instrumental album . GREAT layering . AWESOME mix . 
ddr before bed . 
bed time 
Nom de dieu de pu < PROPFEMALE > in de bordel de merde de saloperie de connard d'enculé de < PROPFEMALE > mère 
lizz is playing Kingdom Hearts 2 on pcsx2 on my computer . this game is a trip ! 
feeling confidant about the future . 
Crazy ass brofisting door knocker monsters on kingdom hearts 2 . So awesome . Brofists . 
Tripping so hard on < PROPFIRST > pilgrim movie thing . Oh @-@ @_@ 
zelrp herp 
start the day with a torrent file recheck to make sure i'm not seeding bad parts of files . and 1 gram of APAP and 130mg Caffeine . 
i'm all over this ice cream beat like spranklez 
P I Z Z A . . . GIMMIE PIZZA 
nini time 
Early nineties It was a day for We wanted to play But we had nothing left to play for Colourless Colour Once in fashion And soon to be seen 
Duke Nougat . coming summer 2011 . 
i had a dream that Honus Honus was personally driving a Man Man fanclub kinda tour bus thing around my town , i ran to where he was picking up people and joined up . we would drive around the highways just belting out Man Man tunes . fgm to wake up to that ! 
No more stories , no more stories , no more stories , no more stories\ 
Are told today , told today , told today , told today\ 
I'm sorry , I'm sorry , I'm sorry , I'm sorry\ 
They washed away , washed away , washed away , washed away 
Lady , get in line . Let me see your bestest wine . 
my flows like rubbin two logs 
i said incognito , not like a flamingo . 
hi , i'm twice , colored . 
goodnight . finally im tired . 
enjoying a relaxing night , playing some TDU2 on the PC . 
i cant sleep . so not tired . i hate this ! 
no digital copies ! just VHS . 
IM SICK OF TRYING TO HOST A PRIVATE WOW SERVER . FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF 
im going to busy myself with trying to host a ultima online server or something , i just want an MMO or some sort of online thing for the stickam bros to < PROPFEMALE > out at . 
ok now mabey just setting up a webserver ( local ) so lizz can practice setting up mysql and php pages . 
BED TIME ! OOPS 
But see me on the street and duck\ 
Cause you gon ' get stuck , stoned , and snuffed\ 
Cause I just don't give a fuuuuuck !! 
needs to do something about his insomnia . Ambien don't work too well . I wanna get back on Clonidine . 
i'm live again . if that matters 
fixed the internet problems . damn you cox 
i'm now gay for Late Of The Pier and I love staying up late ! 
live on stickam . some join me in some nighttime fun fuled by late of the pier and deerhunter . 
i feel anxious and jittery today . a lil sick to my stomach too . why is moving so hard . yeah ima be on my own and i SHOULD be able to be just fine and dandy , but big change and events always leave me basically unable to do anything due to stress until the day comes ... anyone got a xanax ? 
OH GOD . finally i got my g1 to mobile data teather to Lizz M Mangano's macbook pro . feels good man . internet . stickam . all that . again ! UNLIMITED DATA . 
In a little bit . We will be done unpacking . Finally some rest . 
Boysenberry Jam ... all over my body .... u jelly ? 
put on my radiation suit and slip away ... 
a heartbeat , a flicker , a line ... its just a line . its just a fuckin ' line . 
I WANNA BE YOUR FRIIIIIIEEEENNNNDDDDDD OHHH YEAHHHHH ~ 
money is still a myth , got too much on my mind , cant sleep at night ... not enough easy life .... 
If you love me comment this status\ 
If u think I'm a good friend like this status\ 
If u had a crush on me poke me\ 
If u hate me inbox me why\ 
If your not scared put this as your status and see what u get 
-- During the evening , Sheen allegedly purchased five snowball-sized lumps of cocaine worth $ 20,000 saying \I'll take them all . \"" 
I belive in laws outside reality - my bestest friend . 
picture this : < PROPFIRST > Sheen makes a Tiger Blood energy shot . The commercial < PROPFEMALE > ts with him backflipping out of bed and into his breakfast nook and he grabs his Tiger Blood energy shot . Gulps it down and some of it drips down the side of his lips . His porn < PROPFEMALE > girlfriend licks it off his face and the camera zooms into his face and all he says is \This is how Winners < PROPFEMALE > t the day ! \"" 
RIP Eminem AKA < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Mathers III . Bye Eminem ! 
If I was a state , my flower would be Datura stramonium . 
how do i go from having insomnia to blacking out asleep on the couch before 11pm . fuck my life . i need some tigers blood or some 7 gram crack rocks . 
slim shady you a base head . then why's ya face red , man , you wasted . 
Go to your profile . The first five friends in the sidebar are your team for the Zombie Apocalypse . How screwed are you ? \ 
< PROPFIRST > Schneider , < PROPFEMALE > Hunsucker , < PROPMALE > Rogers , < PROPMALE > Jimenez , Just Tim . \ 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > are good on my team , < PROPMALE > would just troll the fucking zombies to boredom and < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > would get eaten ... i think ... 
It's a Sheen dog and it's soul is inhabited by the soul of < PROPFEMALE > and now it will murder people and eat trolls with it's razor fangs and drop their spleens off with their children at < PROPFEMALE > houses . I'm foiled by phones and trolls ! 
So bored today . Hopefully I get my computer via ups tomorrow . Logistics . 
Anyone wanna buy us some chinese food today ? We only have money for laundry . And I crave dumplings . 
Harsh brauns and sausnadge . Omnom . 
live on stickam . cant sleep . getting my desktop in usp today . so essited ! 
I've done nothing\ 
but they forgive anything\ 
like how I don't stop you\ 
breaking my arms\ 
and chopping chopping me down\ 
so I fit in your laptop 
CABBAGE ! 
just lit a candle with a piece of angel hair pasta and an electric stove . fuck year ! 
i cant DEAL with the fact that my computer got shipped here by UPS . and its fucking BROKEN . so i have to GO THRU all this insurance bullshit just to get it replaced or fixed . but i want to replace it at this point . 
don't care bout japan guiz . 
anyone around here have rock band or its sequel and lives locally ? Lizz M Mangano , do you know anyone ? i wanna chill with someone and jam . 
rat-a-ta t-t at on your dum-dum drum , this beat's so phat gunna make me cum-cum-cum-cum-ta ya place . 
fun day so far . 
all day nine inch nails marathon . starting with \the fragile disk 1 and 2 \"" 
hey im curious . i just checked my resting heart rate . its like 105bpm . i used an online stopwatch and just counted the pulses from my neck until it hit a < PROPFEMALE > . all i had that would raise it was one red bull , < PROPFEMALE > e is naturally high . what are your heart rates ? 
im going to go to bed now . hopefully the snugglyness of bed will help me sleep . 
nice bowl of chicken dumpling soup to start the day . 
i'm dressed and ready for the day . i'll wait for the peek temperature of the day to go out and get things done . es cold breh . 
People going in and out in and out of the appartment complex . Paper thin walls . Its giving me anxiety , doors slamming over and over . I'm nice when I leave . 
Such a nice day outside . Waiting for the mailman to get done . 
? Don ? t interfere ? \ 
Part of her back was frozen\ 
For the remainder of the war\ 
? Don ? t be concerned ? \ 
But I never learned how not to be\ 
As my first love said to me :\ 
? I don ? t care . I ? m not there ? \ 
So that I could not sleep\ 
My whole being was falling apart\ 
So that I soon cried out :\ 
? Dear friends , hold me !? 
its so hard to sleep alone ... 
ima try for sleep . night night bros <3 
woke up to distant banging in another apartment or the hallway . scared the shit outta me . i'll just put on some deerhunter and drown it out . 
i miss my lizzcakes . :-( 
SIR 
dr. oz gave a guest on his show strep . i lol'd 
bed 
cleaning the apartment , doing dishes , minimizing time on the computer . 
gorge self on pasta made by wife . sleep . 
Did I need to know ? A wound in macramé\ 
Through all this we decipher ! \ 
And what’s worse : we’re no wiser ! 
omnomnom , pebbit bammer am jemmy sammiches . 
fear and loathing for the 100th time on netflix . 
im so bored . anyone wanna do something ? 
Lately , I've been thinking this whole world seems to harm\ 
Now we're better off to underhand things\ 
But maybe , it was only the sun behind the clouds\ 
Making things seem nasty 
Dream\ 
A little dream\ 
All about the basement scene . \ 
I don't want to wake up no\ 
If you've seen\ 
The light turn gold\ 
Come out tonight\ 
And we'll get stoned\ 
I don't want to get old no 
i'm watching < PROPFIRST > Mnemonic on netflix 
cant sleep . watchin robocop . missin my < PROPFEMALE > . 
ima try to sleep 
i swear , facebook is like the adword harvesting capitol of the universe . they leave all the grunt work to the userbase . 
finally my < PROPFEMALE > comes home @ 8-9pm tonight . so excited ! 
im starving ! no good food left really . 
Say we , by command of the microphone\ 
Such is our conviction\ 
Make way for the Saviours of Jazz Ballet\ 
Hollow hearts make for pleasant lives 
i can run my own goddamn life . i moved for a reason people . c'mon , u gotta have a little more faith then you already have in me . 
bored as hell . and i have horrible cravings for cigs , why did i leave my ecig with my mom FML 
updated my profile block list . 
craving cigs like crazy . im so bored . anyone wanna come over ? 
all nighter ? yes . 
feeling GREAT this morning . positive vibes EVERYWHERE ! 
got no milk . i got cake mix . i want some cake . anyone wanna bring me milk ? 
holy crap , The Machinist is a GREAT movie ! 
I ALWAYS come thru breh 
sooooooo bored . wut dooooooo 
from the archives of my life . i found a picture that is totally WINNING . dat profile pic . 
bread time . nini . im so loaf'd . 
dat ramen with Ragu 
fun night . 
Poof , you're a gadfly ! 
Either I'm going nuts or I'm way smarter then everyone else or I'm just having delusions of grandeur . So many people in the world are idiots . That's going to be the 2012 apocalypse , idiocy . 
bedtime i guess . 
It's such an ignorant bliss\ 
when the whole fucking world wants to be \ 
like me 
this is the land of OAO 
i'm suppose to believe that one day someone just made integrated circuit boards without any foreknowledge on how they work , just BY < PROPMALE > THEY MADE WORKING CPU'S AND MEMORY AND ALL THIS STUFF WE USE TODAY ?! 
ima try to sleep i guess . >..> 
conspiracy talk on tinychat . join up bros . 
This is which we couldn’t see\ 
This is which we tried so hard finding\ 
How our creased hearts binding\ 
Pushes you again to never see your friends\ 
To rip apart the lights of those\ 
Whose love deprives you\ 
And it’s this in which we couldn’t see\ 
This in which we tried so hard finding\ 
Whose love deprives you 
No , don’t cry for me . \ 
Celebrate el sueño . \ 
The way it operates . \ 
The way it oughta be . 
bed time nini 
to do list for the day :\ 
make some food . empty the dish washer . fill the dish washer with pots n pans . set pants on fire . dance around like i am showing everyone the dance of my people . eat said food . vomit profusely . clean up said vomit and then clean and tidy up the house . 
so bored . 
Fun on the ATVs w/Lizz . Two wheeled and bailed , almost ran myself over . 
trivial pursuit with Lizz M Mangano , 90's edition . so funny . 
double d's , not peas . 
blue < PROPFEMALE > pb brownie sensation . bro'd out madness . 
watching the postal movie with Lizz M Mangano 
i cant WAIT for my cyberpowerPC laptop to get here ! 
Sinking in < PROPMALE > time\ 
I lost all my pure feelings\ 
The psychiatrist posing as psychologist\ 
When fear predicts\ 
Then doubly the mind suffers\ 
Are we talking ? \ 
White is the winter 
can't sleep . 
its a neon indian morning . so chillwave bro . 
Happy bicycle day ! 
Hey Ashtar Sheran and < PROPMALE > Sutton I'm writing a SAMURAIII cover of Ke$ha's Tik-Tok . Ya think we can collab and i can get a nice jap stringed instrument with phat bass cover of that song , same < PROPFEMALE > . i might provide vocals , i'm already slowly writing lyrics . 
happy 4/20 
finally getting our toilet and plugged sink fixed . 
mad dog and earthquake ? SPAGHETT TOO ? its a good night . 
ya mind doin this for me ? i gotta go take a 20hr meal . -quote from a dream Lizz M Mangano had last night 
Blessings of Akatosh upon you ! 
PLEASE BRO PLEASE , ALL I WANT YOU TO DO IS ' UCK MY ' UTT . UR NOT GAY IF U DO IT , I AM . JUST C'MON ' UCK MY ' UTT . 
we dont slow down WE GO FASTER HEY HEY HEYYYYY fucking commercial . 
shamples of chemicals . 
easter 
Home from a fun weekend at Lizz M Mangano's parents house . Deem inlaws r fun . Now what do ? 
wtf - Free Love Day : Draw a Heart on Your Wrist , Change the World 
I AM SO BORED SOMEONE HELP ME . 
Speaking of better days\ 
There are so many things I want to say\ 
Should I re-live my life\ 
I'd run into you much sooner 
I'm in a car\ 
I don't know where we are headed for\ 
Stay with me\ 
Don't want to be alone 
night one of insanity - 100% complete . 
it wont give up . it wants me dead . and goddamn this noise inside my head . 
This wilful destruction of values and the overcoming of the condition of nihilism by the constructing of new meaning , this active nihilism could be related to what Nietzsche elsewhere calls a ' free spirit ' or the Übermensch from Thus Spoke Zarathustra and the Antichrist , the model of the strong individual who posits his own values and lives his life as if it were a work of < PROPMALE > . 
DO YOU KNOW HOW FAR THIS HAS GONE ? JUST HOW DAMAGED HAVE I BECOME ? WHEN I THINK I CAN OVERCOME ! IT RUNS , EVEN DEEPER !!! 
W . I . N . N . I . N . G - WINNING , IN , the , NEANDERTHAL , NATION . I'M , NOT , GAY . 
I LOVE BEING FULL OF MYSELF . FULL SHEEN . 
< PROPMALE > G . Stettner IS A CAT 
the united states , the only place where u can be elected for president and not be born here . care about royalty when we tried to run away from it in the 1st place . and let people like < PROPFIRST > Dotmpeg have freedom of speech . ignorance is surely not bliss . grunge music lied . 
some people are fully awakened like i am . others are only aware of reality at a near conscious level . and then there are the masses that have no idea how insignificant everything really is . 
BYE OSAMA 
im fucking starving . out of foooooood . help uss . < PROPFEMALE > out with us . 
I am a beliver in the \ash\ " as a pokemon theory . " 
hot underage bippers . steamy raygold videos straight from russia . click now for fbi < PROPFIRST > raids . 
mad dawg 
Hold my arms back when they beat me . \ 
Leave me in the ditch when they kick me . \ 
Sever my limbs and deceive me . \ 
Sometimes life isn’t easy . 
dat new laptop today . deem specs bro . 
chicken ramen wit da hot sauce bro . sinuses are opening . 
ohhh finally i got this new laptop . its hard to install an operating system without cds or dvds , thank god for usb sticks and ubuntu . 
