just convinced facebook she is , indeed , a boy ;) 

making a pizza , nom nom nom ! haha , today was lame , monday however was just fantasmal ( which is a real word , learned that in the 7th grade ) . had a math test today , feeling optimistic about it ! cross your fingers for me <3 
is a licensed driver , watch out ;D 
partypartyparty ! 
and i'll be gone in the blink of an eye 
i'll just let facebook go on thinking i'm male . baha , :} 
mm , locket isn't scheduled to get here until the sixteenth :{ 
mm , my secret storage compartment . 
I think in 2011 I'm going to sing a little bit more ! <3 
Little orange kittens and blue eyes will always have the easiest time stealing my heart . 
Tonight is the night I'm going to run to Albertsons , pick up a coffee and some chapstick , come home , and just get lost in a good book . Or a good conversation . Whichever finds me first . 
Beef toquitos with melted cheddar cheese are delicious , especially to snack on when you're in a not so positive mood . Hello happiness ? 
I don't see what girls find so enticing about bad boys and guitars . It gets really old really fast . But maybe that's just because even if they're bad , my wildness still manages to surpass ? Haha , lame . 
I love it when I accidently run into people , and they pull me into a hug so I don't look as stupid . 
I'm sorry , but The Wizard of Oz always came first in my heart before < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . 
In order to enjoy humanity you have to be able to look past religion , clothes , hair , money , past , home environment and every other minute detail in a person's life and see them for their heart , and their brain . Not the walls put up around them . If you can't all you can do is hate . The people who can't see past all this are the truelly hideous one . And they probably do not enjoy humanity . 
Sunshine Cleaning is probably the best thing to ever present itself to me . 
I'm extremely determined to not spend the rest of my life in Port Orchard . Or even Washington really . I want a little more sunshine in my life ! 
I need some gloves , there is a pair I really want , but they are fingerless ( My fingers don't get cold anyways ) , and pretty pricey for gloves ( around $20 ) . Ughhhh . 
I hid < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > !!! 
It doesn't matter where I am , I ALWAYS look at the clock right as it turns 10:28 . It's like my birthday is stalking me and calling out to me twice a day every day . 
I'm just growing my hair colour out to be honest . It might take a while , but HOORAY for soon to be natural hair . ( I hardly remember the colour :/ ) 
I love how in Joyride 2 , the guy says \Goldilocks\ " and makes about 20 other references to the girls hair before she notices that he knows she's blonde . And is probably watching her . 3 days w/o caffiene . " 
We don't even have chips and dip . I'm ... deprived . 
Most people are fairly rational , however , I am not one of them . 
I want to go back to hot cocoa and < PROPFEMALE > canes and staring out windows at 8 in the morning when it's still frosty . But ... Now it's too warm . Already . 
I . Can't stop watching 500 Days of Summer . 
I pretty much feel like the Tin Man every second of every day . Only , I imagine it to be more like what it was for him before < PROPFEMALE > found him . I really do . 
91% on English common assesment . Who's n'est pas intelligent now Mrs. Richards ? 
I feel like spending the night doing a bunch of tedious things like braiding my hair into a million < PROPFEMALE > braids so I can wake up in the morning to a mane of waves . I think I just might . Will . 
\I guess it doesn't matter what I am or pretend to be because it's her you'll always love and it's her I'll always envy\ " - < PROPFIRST > and the Hawk - \ " A Wish \"" 
Dear sour patch kids , Please either become gentler , or less addictive . The roof of my mouth and my tongue depend on it . 
Scope burns more then listerine . Especially after sour patch abuse . Oh , and it doesn't whiten as well . Just saying . 
Watched some Lacrosse with special-k . Yehaha ! 
I almost died because I thought my get well soon card went down with my portfolio , but it was salvaged , thank goodness it's amazing what kind of little , happy things get salvaged in the presence of complete destruction . Completely amazing . 
I can't believe I had to watch my favourite sea critter be slain indifferently today . Why ? Why why why ? What is so scientifically beneficial about killing mantarays ? Do they cure any vicious diseases ? No . If you're just using something for evolutionary purposes you do not need to kill it . Why would you kill something so haunting and majestic ? Just take pictures or something ! 
So , I was looking online , and it said my car isn't a gas guzzler ! In the 80's . 
It doesn't matter what I'm about to do , if Bones is on , you can pretty much forget it . 
That moment of extreme disappointment when you go to do the final twist on your hair tie , and you have half of your hair through , but it's to thick and the hair tie snaps . Yeah , I hate that . A lot . R.I.P hair tie # 963,000,570,833 
Sleeping in and getting a warm coffee with breakfast makes any Sunday worth the Monday , in my opinion . 
Some days I feel like my heart , my brain , and my soul are three seperate , conflicting individuals stuck housing it together in a very crowded , uncomfortable body . I wonder if they ever have tea parties ? Or discuss literature , and dream theories , and poppies ! Oh if only . 
Imagine if every body part you had could speak . 
... Root canal Tuesday , they waste no time ! 
I think that the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy gets a little more funny everytime I watch it . Just a little bit . 
Today I found a patch of poppies , and I took one , and buried my face in it . I wasn't aware that poppies where so < PROPFIRST > ! My face is coated in the beautiful , dark purple puppy dust ! Lovelovelovelovelovelove ! <3 
I think girl's night was sufficiently rocked ;) 
You're only fool's gold . 
People cry on the t.v , I cry for them in real life . \ 
\ 
SVU SVU SVU ! 
R . I . P < PROPFEMALE > , Christmas 2008-June 2010 . 
You don't have to stay if you don't want to , you really don't . 
I want to read < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s books . And then watch his movies all over again . I think out of all the writer's I've read tidbits from , I admire him the most . Is that weird ? Out of all the writers I could possibly admire I pinned a horror writer . \ 
Oh well . \ 
I'd love to meet him . Drink coffee with him . Ask him about his actual fears , those kinds of things . You know ? 
I really wish I owned Sunshine Cleaning . I'm going to have to see if I can find it when I'm with my dad . 
\What is normal ? \ " \ 
< PROPFEMALE > taught me how to play scrabble , nya . 
Well , I'm pretty sure I was one of the last to see Inception . But I liked it . 
Early day after early day after early day . Maybe I'll adapt into a morning bird , and then my eyes won't be so tired and these little things won't annoy me so much . \ 
Goodnight . 
And I'm taking off for the weekend ! Hoorah < PROPMALE > Lake . 
I wish I was less absent minded and more able to find my mp3 player , \ 
or less stubborn and more able to accept the fact that I'll just have to hunt for a new one . 
Dear bedroom , \ 
Prepare for the Feng Shui . \ 
Needed : World Map , Candles 
3 hour drive- same song on repeat the whole time . Wa wa wa . 
And , off to spend a day wiff Special-K ! \ 
/excited . 
My new schedule should be this :\ 
1 ) CP jr English , 2 ) Advanced Algebra , 3 ) Psychology , 4 ) US History , 5 ) French II , 6 ) Beg . Ceramics\ 
Anyone ? 
I love nursery rhymes . 
soda soda soda soda soda soda soda soda soda I want soda soda soda soda soda soda soda soda soda I really really want a diet pepsi . 
I miss < PROPFEMALE > x 100,000 . 
I have Durham for Adv . Algebra . \ 
Please tell me I didn't just get sent to mathematic hell . 
Dear rain , I'M WEARING SHORTS ANYWAYS . 
Tickets to Hall & Oates , check . \ 
Dizzy passes , check . \ 
8 day countdown , commense . 
One more day :) 
I think my optimism becomes more and more prominent as time progresses . 
I just sneezed the most satisfying sneeze out of any sneeze I've ever sneezed . 
< PROPFEMALE > IS COMING TO MY SOCCER GAME ! <33 
I just put my hair into a bun , and then pulled a little red scrunchie over the hair tye , and now it just looks like a little red flower :) 
Dinner , shower , homework cram . 
I don't know why my dreams are so insistant on killing off everyone I care about . :/ 
Orcas and Mantarays are sublime . 
Today has been ... Musical . 
Dear today , \ 
I am very NOT happy with you >:( 
I plan on being as darling as possible tonight , first real dance . 
Dear everyone , I will no longer refrain from kissing your cheeks when you do something I appreciate . Accept it . 
< PROPFEMALE > taught me how to dance tonight , kind of :) 
Okay , I'll be at school Friday , but not tomorrow . For my birthday , I'm sleeping in ! 
Thank evey single one of you ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I saw Saw 3D opening night ! And it was worth all the money blown on Popcorn and tickets and QFC snackies <3 
I need a massive palm massage , that is this essays only hope . 
So , < PROPFEMALE > Nash signed my favorite little owl bag . \ 
And < PROPFEMALE>'s going to teach me how to keep a beat . Because I am very , very ryhthmically challenged . <3 
When I'm older , I just know in my heart that every bit of cash I have to save will be put towards seeing every little bit of the world . \ 
And housing a fluffy little kitten . <3 
I feel as though I've got < PROPFEMALE > City dancing on my fingernails . \ 
C : 
serendipity n . finding something nice while looking for something else\ 
Making chai hot chocolate while looking up some more cocoa recipes for the winter season . The Hush Sound on repeat <3 \ 
I'm built for easy going days . 
I'm just going to go steal away < PROPFEMALE > for a 3 day romantic get away now ... \ 
<3 
I miss being tucked in bed like a mermaid ... 
