Current guitar project almost finished ! My Mojocaster . It's almost in the last stages of being finished finally . I've been working on it sence june . Lots of vibe , Vintage blonde < PROPFEMALE > telecaster neck . < PROPFEMALE > Fralin coil tapped humbucker bridge pickup custom telecaster neck pickup . Brass 3 saddle compensated half ashtrey early 50s telecaster style bridge , ash body . I'll get photos up as soon as it's finished . 

I've got a little time off from school . My next semister doesn't start until the 18th . Thank goodness . 
Talking about misdiagnosis yesterday in class . One disorder in particular is ADD/ADHD . I am not like some who think that is a disorder that doesn't exist . I do think however that it's vastly overused as an excuse for poor behavior in children . The problem I have with that is the fact that medication is developed to treat most/all children with ADD/ADHD and misdiagnosis can skew the results of clinical trials . 
Thanks to all who gave me b-day wishes . I'll systematically collect birthday dinners from everyone on a later day .... kidding ... 
Just got back from shopping with my girlfriend . I'm about to get a new computer for school and she's trying to talk me into a MacBook . Honestly I like the design OSX is a great OS to work on . The thing I hate most about Apple is their price . I mean I can buy 2 computers with as good or better specs and more features than these things . 17 ' MacBook Pro would run me $2352.93 after tax . Who buys this overpriced stuff ? 
Wow , epic suck . Sunday one of my only days off and I've gotta work on a stupid term paper . 
Finals week is finally over ... Maybe now I can get a decent nights sleep ... 
Happy birthday this week to Kat and < PROPFIRST > 
JapanFest begins tomorrow . It's the largest japanese culltural event in the southeast . Looking foward to the festivities . 
Men don't do things they like . They get wives and jobs to keep them from the things they like . 
Coincidences , in general , are great stumbling blocks in the way of that class of thinkers who have been educated to know nothing of the theory of probabilities- that theory to which the most glorious objects of human research are indebted for the most glorious of illustration . 
Okay everyone humor me if you would . I have a communications class and one of our assignments is to pick a hot topic and talk about it from one side . If you're against universal healthcare I'd like to hear why . Even if your not , I'd like to hear why you think it would be a bad thing . I'm being graded on this otherwise I wouldn't ask . 
I can be more friendly if I want to be . Alas , desiring to be more inteligent does not make it so . 
\They who can give up essential < PROPFEMALE > to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither < PROPFEMALE > nor safety . \"" 
I'll be recieving my MCAT scores soon , wish me luck everyone . I'm freaking out a little right now . 
My MCAT results are in Scores are as follows . Physics 13/15 Verbal 12/15 Biological Science 13/15 Essay core P ( rated on a letter scale ranked J to T with T being best ) Composite score 38P with best possible being 45T . Thanks to all those who helped me study and prepare . 
This class bores me to tears . Why can't it just be over ? 
Zombie Apocalypse in ATL on Walking Dead on AMC ! 
To be in love is to accept people for all that they are , they're qualities as well as their faults . 
???????????????????????? 
Trying to refrain from being cynical when people wish me a happy thanksgiving today . 
Snowing .... 
I broke my phone the other day . I won't be able to call or read any text until I replace it . 
New phone and starting a new job next week 
What a day ... just for off of work . Now I'm heading to class . 
School just called me and canceled classes for tomorrow . Needed my professor fix my assignment access so I can finish my math assignments up for the week :-| 
Wedding date set for June 4th 2011 
Class is canceled again . I don't think I could get out of the driveway anyway . This is why I hate winter weather . I can't get out and I'm running low on groceries . 
Classes canceled for tomorrow too :( 
