i'm done wrestling alligators in the e.r. tonight .... as dr godfrey would say \i quit \"" 

is at work until 7 also .... life is not working in my favor right now ! 
cant wait for b and bfast ! 
is really regretting picking up 12hrs at work today . :( 
is at work and sunburnt so bad it itches ! p.s. bon thanks for the sticker ... i laughed hysterically outloud in triage . people started to stare 
working hard or hardly working .... you tell me :) 
is working ... blah 
no idea but im thankful for sisters like < PROPFEMALE > who open there bed up at 1am to lend a shoulder to cry on . 
is workin .... and its stupid 
is still workin and its still stupid lol 
an official girls night ! loves you sisters ..... leave your keys at home 
sooo ..... its really important to get an ekg on a patient with tooth pain . just so everyone knows :) 
VEGAS ! COMING SOON 
surgery friday .... yuk fml.com 
its the gb however they think i have an ulcer as well so i have to be sedated and scoped first . def . living on applesauce an sugar free popsicles . love my girls who have been there for me . you know who you are ! 
ouchy ... super sore .... umm when does the puking stop ? 
tired of crying , tired of hurting , when comes the time you pick up and move on and actually feel ok about ..... feels like never 
Throughout your life people move into and out of it . in one way or another each person helps you grow . Some tear you down and force you to look deep within your self and give you strength , others show you how to stop thinking so deep and have fun . You become the people you < PROPFEMALE > with , so its good to have a balance of both ..... \ Austin\ " 09 " 
true love isnt selfish . you work through the bad , take a few breathes , get thru the days one at a time . sure there are tears and hateful words and the outlook looks cloudy , but dont lose sight of your ultimate goal .... only you can get there . give it your all and if for some reason it turns out not to be good enough , it wasnt meant to be . 
The only people who can really hurt you are the ones who matter most . Eyes of innocence the face of an angel , the personalitly of a dreamer , and a smile that hides more pain than you can ever imagine . Its hard to wait around for something you know may never happen , its even harder to give up when you know its everything you ever wanted . 
is still not released to work but gonna attempt it anyway ..... gotta pay those surgery bills and school and groceries and life .... geez 
its hard to see what is right in front of you if you live with your eyes closed ... and then you miss out on your future and all you ever wanted . 
i want my life back .... i want that place that i used to call home . 
< PROPFIRST > wonder said it best ..... \i dont want to bore you with my troubles but there's somethin about your love that makes me weak and knocks me off my feet . \ " i had a great day at clinicals and one day at a time has started good will day one . " 
love who you are so that one day you can love who you are with .... with all that you have 
Forget the risk , take the fall . If its what you want its worth it all . 
they happen to be all ive got .... and im blessed for that much . 
why does love always feel like a battlefield 
( 860 ): Whose surfboard did we steal and why is there a wood carving of a pelican in the fridge where the beer used to be ? 
i hope we dont go to jail tonight girls .... its gonna be a good one ! 
had an uuuuuhhhhmazing day :) even tho i only got 4 hours of sleep before it all started .... simply amazing <3 
is smiling like a little school girl .... <3 
is still smiling ... however my cheeks are hurting <3 love my sisters 
a long day of nothing ahead ... but girls nite tonight is on like donkey kong ! we r gettin silly <3 
needs some beer and breakfast and a u-haul lol 
off to the wonderful world of the ER ... atleast my sister will be there ..... and i wonder how many ppl will come in for pregnancy tests or ask for that pain medicine that starts with a \D\ " because thats all that works for them ... classy ! " 
new day ! starting off surprisingly well :) 
thinks she has a secret admirer ! 
CANNOT WAIT to hangout with my sisters tonight ! and mom has a new shot for us to try .... this is gonna be amazing 
is wondering why she has such a bad headache .... bet i can take a good guess tho :) 
loves that her sisters had a blast lastnite ! beer pong , flippy cup , cornhole , wrestling , and t.s. game ..... what an amazing night with the family ! 
cant sleep , has a 101 temp , and can barely talk my throat is so swollen ... fml.com/uggh 
' s body aches soooo bad .... i guess the sisters are gonna try and cure it with a little sun therapy .... getting me into a bathing suit is gonna be a battle girls ! 
\wheres the hot mess express headed tonight ? \ " i hope thats not the new nickname for my circle of friends are i .. <3 funniest quote EVER " 
super excited about the party tonight ... however awfully sad her sister is leaving for 3months ... there may be havoc tonight . goin out one last time with a bang .... hopefully not jail ! 
watching football , drinking wine , folding laundry .... love sundays ! 
Even if happiness forgets you a little bit , never completely forget about it . \ " , 2009-09-21 16:06:18 " 
Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow . 
getting stuff done with dad , then good beer , good live music , and much needed amazing company :) caaaaant wait ! and .... i miss me sister in greece :( 
working ..... its ugly . i need a beer and some food and some rather sweet company 
started the day off right with talking to her sister in greece ! yaaay . now if i could get a nap and prepare myself for the wildness that is going to happen today . GO COLTS ! 
perfect night for coffee and baileys sitting by a fire . 
Its always a good day when you wake up to someone saying \goodmorning sunshine\ " i love the people in my life ! <3 " 
Working and then hangin with the boy <3 
cant wait til 7am ... off work and off to tailgate ! goin to the game with my <3 !! missed him all weekend :( 
hanging with baby brayden and < PROPFEMALE > ! a long overdue date !!! 
excellent evening with the flabongo .... work 2nite and plans for sat .... i feel no sleep in my near future ~ 
giving flu shots on zero sleep ..... safe or unsafe ? 
is sleepy .... and illegally using the internet right now ! hahaha 
Glad my sister < PROPFIRST > is home from out of town just in time to take care of my sick self . Why do i feel like my face is 110 degrees but im freezing ... blah .... wheres the soup , popsicles , and chick flicks ? 
Nothing lasts forever , so live it up , drink it down , laugh it off , avoid the bullshit , take chances , and never have regrets , because at one point everything you did was exactly what you wanted . 
ive made mistakes in my life , and let people take advantage of me and accepted way less than what i deserve . but ive learned from my bad choices and even tho there are some things i can never get back , and people who will never be sorry , ill know better next time and i wont settle for anything less than i deserve . <3 
I hope you got a big trunk cuz im puttin my bike in it ! hahahh 
soup and grilled cheese ..... isnt that supposed to cure everything ? bullsh*t 
is still sick :( 
wonders if she puts her head in the freezer if her fever will go down ..... this is awful 
I ain't settling for just getting by I've had enough so so for the rest of my life Tired of shooting too low , so raise the bar high Just enough ain't enough this time I ain't settling for anything less than everything 
If im not the one thing you cant stand to lose , if im not that arrow to the heart of you , if you dont get drunk on my kiss , if you think you can do better than this , then i guess we're done , lets not drag this on .... consider me GONE 
is SOOOO glad she got to share breakfast with a special someone ...... its good to let someone put a smile on your face once in awhile <3 <3 <3 
Ur gonna have to try harder than that .... 
Gemini : The New < PROPFEMALE > lands right in your romance and creativity sector , so it's time to have some fun ! If you're already paired , use your enhanced creativity to heighten the heat between you . This should be a carefree time for love , so focus on the lighter side of your relationship . You're a magnet for admirers if you're solo , so be on the lookout for someone special . Just don't give your heart away too easily . 
just got home from the longest day ever ! enjoying 4liters of wine with her half in the bag roommate ! GOD i love her ! 
when you get tired of running circles around it , do you < PROPFEMALE > against it , or fall restlessly so you can get up when ur ready ? 
“There is no better time than right now to be happy . Happiness is a journey , not a destination . So work like you don't need money . Love like you've never been hurt , and , Dance like no one's watching ... ” 
just got home from colts game in st louis .... yikes im wiiiiiiped out ! enjoying wine with my sister ! cant wait for monday funday !... and got a special someone on my mind <3 
SO ... after the longest day of drinking and being in st < PROPFIRST > , i woke up thinking i wrestled alligators yesterday and lost .... i think a massage and some therapeutic winter clothes shopping is gonna cure this one 
Halloween costume came today ... this is gonna be great ! 
work til 7am , < PROPFEMALE > football game at 11 , bday/halloween party at 9 ! let the drinking begin ! 
where's my child support .... 
I can smell ur bullsh*t from 13miles away ! 
I'm ready for my sister to be home from Greece so allll of my sisters can play !!! 
( 480 ): you'd be confused too if you woke up to pictures of a ghostbuster doing body shots off you . 
Colts vs patriots Nov . 15 row 116 , 10 to 20 yrd line , pats side ..... make an offer if you wanna come with ! 384 face value :) 
so .... what to do 2nite :) 
\im pretty sure those eyes are illegal in 49 states\ " :) " 
SUUUUUPER excited about this evening ;) I'll tell u why later <3 
So far so good :) 
IS IT SUNDAY YET FOR CRYING OUT LOUD ! <3 <3 
working 7p-7a ... atleast with my sister .... but still sucks blah 
so .... im done dabbling with catheters in vaginas tonight ... and really who comes to the emergency room at 430am by ambulance for an std check ? u better have a f***n predator roaring outta ur pee hole ! 
Colts game with the lovies <3 
is pretty much walking on sunshine <3 
would really like to know how we ended up at an underground club during latin night .... did i pay for salsa lessons because i dont remember ?.... 
goodmorning everyone :) 
another busy night at work without lunch :( fml 
GO COLTS ! whos tailgating lets do it up right ! 
a card , a < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , colts blanket , uncrustables , beer , taco < PROPFEMALE > , and powerade !..... best gift bag EVER ! 
DON'T JUDGE ME ... ILL PUNCH YOU IN THE SNOT BOX SO QUICK ! 
having some quality time with one of her sisters tonight ... however ....... has her 2special \boys\ " on her mind ;) " 
loves those who are in here life for a positive reason :) 
snuggled up ... watching how the grinch stole christmas from 1966 
Reflected on all the negative circumstances that happened in her life this year but didnt shed a tear . i quickly remembered that i have the most beautiful , amazing sisters and friends a girl could only dream of . I am thankful for you whom have come into my life to hold me up , tear me down , cry with me , or encourage me to push forward . I am the luckiest girl in the world ... 
Dear Baby Doe , words cannot explain the feeling in my heart when you arrived in the ER lastnite . You are truly a miracle and a beautiful blessing . Too young to remember all of us who rejoiced over your arrival , but God knows how blessed we were to care for you in the first hours of your life . You will forever be a part of me , I Love You .... 
christmas shopping for a 4yr old ... what could be more fun !!!! hes spoiled already ... but dont tell daddy ! 
work tonight then off to see < PROPFEMALE > and his reindeer tomorrow afternoon with my boys <3 
at work hating life until 7am then shower , breakfast with my sis , and let the tailgating begin ! beer always makes an amazing breakfast and who else to spend it with than my sis ! cant stinkin wait 
sleep ... study ... cook for christmas party ... study ... laundry ... study ... clean house ... study ... get gift for christmas party ... study ... ok ok ... is anyone else seeing a stupid trend here ! fml 
lots on the agenda today . thinking about it makes me feel like taking a nap ! 
if you cant get ahold of me its because my phone is off and im studying ... yuck 
my brain hurts . no more studying for the day . dinner is cooked now time to relax and watch my shows ... except for im outta wine :( 
if you cant reach me for more than the next 5hrs ... send a search party . At school trying to finish the last bit of learning possible for this brain to hold . say a prayer ! 
finals are over .... now the waiting game begins and so does the drinking ! 
im hungover and your bothering me 
bedtime !!! 
need a few fun random ideas of things to do tonight with an old friend ... any ideas ? 
is tired of being sick .... ugh 
is excited for sunday , monday , and tuesday to be here ! lots of fun things going on !!! 
can't wait for < PROPFIRST > . 22nd .... i think its a go and im SET ! 
Shopping with my sister < PROPFEMALE > then laundry and packing . The move will be here sooner than later and these closets need to be cleaned out ! Bring on 2010 im ready for a new year , this last one sucked ! 
\its all fun and games till someone gets a boner\ " funniest quote i heard in awhile " 
house cleaned , laundry done , and i actually made my bed today .... whew movin up in the world ! 
Furniture shopping with linds today ... im sleepy ! 
Oh , what a night ... 
yep .... i think i feel a smile coming on ! Life is so good right now . Couldnt imagine being happier 
PF Changs and movies .... two of my fav things ! what a fun night 
another fun night ahead . smiles from here on out :) 
\I jumped on a noodle under your bed because I'm sexy and i do what i want \"" 
ummm .... lifes pretty good :) 
grouchy , busy at work , hungry , sweaty ... all things of which are NOT cute ! i need a beer .... 7am anyone can join ! 
we moved ! its beautiful ! party arrangements will be announced soon ! come by a see the place ! 
u think you've got me right where you want me with all those games .... truth is , im 2steps ahead of ya ! :) 
Today is Bub's birthday !!! yaaaaaay 
so far .... so good :) 
happy birthday sister ! and im glad everyone approved :) 
work is not the same without my sister ! geez why did it have to be your birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! jk love love love you 
a few quotes i came across today : Be with someone who knows what they have when they have you . Never give up on someone you cant go a day without thinking about . 
and a few quotes for those hating yucky love stuff : you can only push a girl away so long until she walks out of your life on her own . so be careful make sure this is what you want because once she turns , she isnt coming back . If he's dumb enough to walk away , be smart enough to let him . 
Happy Valentines Day everyone !!! 
i pretty much hate snow 
cooking pork tenderloin and potatoes and carrots in the crockpot !! smells like heaven around this apartment ! 
cookin dinner for bub .... just realized that friends are the only stable thing you need in life ! sisters , roommates , and bub ... love you all the most ! 
\he looks like man\ " best quote of the day ! lunch with bub and hopefully a good evening .... we will see " 
thinks being single is like being in a < PROPFEMALE > store .. There are lots that look good , but nothing is good for you !! 
<--- cant decide if she misses her blonde hair or not .. i am loving the < PROPFEMALE > right now but thanks to < PROPFEMALE > i saw pics from last summer .... makes me sad ! 
<------- is not feeling 100% today :( 
\give a hot boy cold feet\ " best thing ive heard all day " 
suuuuuuper ready to blow this popsicle stand ! it will be nice to get away from the b.s. of this place and vaca with my special crunchy nutty < PROPMALE > bub ! watch out chi-town ... its gonna get ugly this weekend ! and to my sisters .... if you dont hear from me in 24hrs after we arrive , assume im in jail and come get me ! 
linds is home from vegas and im back from chicago ... girls night and story time ! so happy with life right now :) 
super excited about dinner tonight <3 
When your hearts hungry for a food that won't come .... learn how to make a feast out of the crumbs ! 
this profile picture is what you do after you have a \shitty\ " night at work ! seriously couldnt be enjoying anything more than a bottle of wine at 8am ! loves ya < PROPFEMALE > <3 " 
had an amazing sunday ! smiles all around :) 
having a wonderful day :) dad's birthday tonight lets eat ! 
HAPPY ST PATTYS DAY ALL ! 
smile and love life <3 
<--- cant sleep ... long day ahead ... yuck 
what a beautiful day !.... and why did i sign up to work again :) 
the chinese delivery man just told < PROPFIRST > he loves the dog ..... f***in hilarious ! 
im thinkin arby's :) 
YEAAAAA BUTLER !!!! WAY TO BRING IT HOME BOYS !!!! 
<--- doesnt want a black eye from any fist-pumping that might be going on tonight :) 
well .... hotbox it is . Quick trip with the hungover bday girl ! 
would like to thank < PROPFEMALE > for putting my dishes away and cleaning my kitchen .... soon i will be thanking her boy toy for taking out my trash .... sucks being out of commission but i <3 her ! 
whats on my mind ...... <3 ..... thats all 
<---- has a big smile for an even bigger reason :) 
pretty much in LOVE with north < PROPFEMALE > and everything here ! 
Blah .... is it done raining yet ! 
Just listened to < PROPMALE > flirt with the pizza operator and when he asked what the delivery man looked like tonight she replied \hes a little on the heftier side ! \ " bwaaahahahaha atleast shes honest ! i <3 it " 
Tilapia and potatoes and snow peas .... most delicious dinner made for myself in a loooong time ! 
I'LL ADMIT , I'M A HANDFUL ! ? Unfortunately most women won't repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , and outspoken ( very ) , I make mistakes , I am out of control and at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my WORST then you sure don't deserve me at my BEST . If you're a HANDFUL then post this on your status 
\she gives me love love love love .... crazy love . \ " listening to < PROPFIRST > morrison makes everything better ! " 
Just ate the most random lunch ... tuna noodle casserole ( thanks linds ) , a turkey cheese and mustard sandwich , some pasta salad , a peaches fruit cup , and a whole roll of thin mints from the fridge .... o yeah and a glass of water ! too bad im allergic to the gym ! I wonder how all that is gonna settle in this belly .... blah 
i absolutely hate that one of my friends is hurting right now ...... and i cant fix it for her :( you know who you are love , keep your head up and dont waste another tear ! u deserve better <3 
Off to physical therapy .... hate starting the day out in tears from something thats supposed to help ! yuck 
With courage you will dare to take risks , have the strength to be compassionate , and the wisdom to be humble . Courage is the foundation of integrity . 
Nothing better than a sundress and pigtails ! what a beautiful day <3 
When you focus on problems , you will have more problems . When you focus on possibilities , you will have more opportunities . Dream . Wish . Make it happen . 
17 days ...... 
Was just baking a delicious 4layer cake for my mom for mothers day and thought it would be a good idea to lick the bowl when i was done and then proceeded to take the trash out . Thankfully the neighbor pointed out i had chocolate all over my cheek and forehead .... not embarrassing at ALL ! hahahaha great 
Therapy .... ugh 
\Why dont you just go sit on a cactus mk ? \"" 
<---- This guy in this picture is my bestest special nutty crunchy < PROPMALE > in the entire world .. u break my heart you answer to this guy !!! lol loves ya bub 
The apartments have been cutting grass since 7am ..... not really a fan of this ! 
Porkchops and bday cake with the stanjo's tonight .... love my other family soooo much ! 
most amazing beer < PROPFEMALE > on the most amazing birthday ever ! such good times thanks again everyone :) 
<~~ call her selfish if you want .... the truth is shes just smart enough to know what she does and does NOT deserve . 
<---- feels like she needs an adult beverage in her system right about now ! 
I think i need to go to Vegas .... 
I pretty much hate < PROPFEMALE > Michaels and her 30day shred right now ! Good workout ... now time to sit in the air conditioning and have a beer to reward myself . Who wants to come over ! 
CAAAAAN'T SLEEP ! Too much on my brain tonight 
Really did just get up at 6:30 am to work out with < PROPFEMALE > Michaels ... and i still hate her :) 
Amazing evening being kidnapped by a great person ! A night/day full of laughter and jokes .... nothing feels better than a good smile !! 
porkchops , asparagus , and mashed potatoes for dinner ! not sure whats gotten into me but suddenly cooking is an even better time than before ! <3 
Have a great day everyone ! 
Something about a man with tattoos ...... 
I dare you to try and remove this glowing smile from my face ... because if you try , you're not worth it to frown over ! 
WORK ! 
Great dinner and wine with mom and dad lastnite ..... its the simple things that bring a smile . 
Had a blast with great friends at the indians game lastnite ! 
ready for an extravagant evening with the girls full of a trip to goodwill , walmart , the liquor store for a 40 , neck tattoos , marlboros , and possibly a kiddie pool in the living room ! I think it may be the best party ever ... maybe ! 
who wants to come < PROPFEMALE > a beer in the kiddie pool posted up in the living room , full of plastic balls , surrounded by christmas lights ? 
Children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not contagious . They want what we all want , to be accepted and to learn . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this . Could you do it and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It's Special Education week 
pretty stoked about the concert tonight !!! 
Perfect night for a cookout ! 
Gonna go see a precious new < PROPFEMALE > !! 
SUUUPER STOKED ABOUT TOGA NIGHT WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND WHOMEVER ELSE IS COMING ! LOVING LIFE RIGHT NOW <3 
getting ready for work , staring at the \maintenance\ " man's ass while he attempts to fix the bathtub .... so cute ! " 
Last night of work tonight for a few days ... ready for sunday already ! 
Drag show tonight with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and a very much missed medic crew of kick ass girls ! <3 
Ever tried watching a mentally challenged man attempt to fix a vacuum with a butterknife ? Pretty entertaining :) sorry < PROPMALE > 
Wishing < PROPFIRST > a quick and safe recovery from surgery , shes a stubborn at home patient but I think I've almost got her convinced that rest is what she needs ! 
blah .... 
Getting ready to enjoy a delicious breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , jayden , and last but not least Tim !.... afterall he is doing all the cooking :) 
sleeeepy time ! 
Enjoying the amazing company on this journey called life ! <3 
If you try/tried to call or text me today and i didnt/dont respond ..... dont take it personally but i probably just dont want to talk to YOU :) 
movie night with the roomy ! 
soooooo in like :) 
had a great time yesterday meeting new friends and family ! 
movies and vodka with linds .... seriously is there anything better ! gnite 
received the greatest compliment today \ thanks for being a part of my life\ " <3 " 
How much noise can two girls really make laughing ? our neighbor seriously called the police on us lastnite for laughing too loudly ! The officers told us we could be arrested for it .... thanks for heads up guys ! 
In Evansville on a mini vaca with the <3 ! Having such a good time ! 
\I like it in a man's hand \"" 
gnite 
For the past ten months , the exact same < PROPFIRST > Johns guy has delivered whenever i order .... i think that means i have to get him a christmas card ?.... 
FIIIIINALLY going to the pumpkin patch <3 
Well .... here goes nothin ! Prayers today fb .... for many reasons Thanks ! 
Just carved some inappropriate pumpkins with Linds ... wonder how the neighbors will feel when we put them on the balcony tonight lit up and wonderful ! 
Goin to bed early so i can color < PROPFEMALE>'s huurrr in the a.m. ! 
Leftover Kabutos for lunch with < PROPMALE > and Alex ..... Then watching the Colts game 
seriously colts .... focus 
What a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas i had ! At the parents house for some goooood dinner :) 
completely impossible to warm your car up if you cant get thru the sheets of ice to open the door ! ugh is it summer yet ? 
Giving it up to God .... he has my plan , not me 
Has a smile on her face and love in her heart . So much to live for and see and learn , not time for sadness ! 
When you aren't looking , they walk right into your life . Couldn't feel more blessed and happy than i do right now ! 
i love lamp 
so ...... I dont know how ur day went , but coffee is warming this heart right about now ! 
