Happy New year all . Let's hope I get the date right on the board Monday ;) 

is pondering changes for the new year . What can I improve on this year ? 
trying to finish grading papers and plan for singing time and two lessons tomorrow . Ack ! 
is hoping sleep comes sooner tonight than last night 
is counting down .... 
is happy to be away from the humidity 
thinks that life is strange . Good but strange 
is thinking which I know doesn't happen very often ! 
is in the process of planning ... 
got to see < PROPFEMALE > tonight !! 
is watching what appears to be SNL but in Spanish 
is learning all kinds of things ! We put grass seed out last night ! 
never realized how cool french toast was until she made it for people who never had it . 
couldn't be happier , simply couldn't be happier 
is thinking of < PROPMALE > and godzilla right now :) Sorry Will 
is wondering what she's going to do this fourth of July ! 
is wanting some chocolate but trying to be good . 
is now craving carob crisps ! Guess I'll have to wait til I can get to Common Market :) 
is thinking yet again ... 
is wishing she didn't have to leave California 
is something right now :) 
Is back from California 
had a fainting spell today during my fitting for the bridesmaid dress . Talk about exciting . 
hoy quiero vivir intensamente :) quien sabe < PROPFEMALE > cancion ? 
is loving Drop Dead Diva . Yet another thing to suck away my time :) 
is happy and content finally ! 
just got a letter from mi hermanita Mickelsen ! 
< PROPFEMALE > pensando en espanol 
is looking for things ... 
can't find the last two < PROPMALE > Potter books :( I know they're somewhere here in the house but I can't find them 
blah :( I hurt and the wedding for my sister is in a few hours . Make the pain stop 
is way tired after a long day with the wedding . It's over and my sister is married ! 
is grateful the Lord knows what He's doing even when we don't . 
is going to spend the day reading < PROPMALE > potter thanks to < PROPFEMALE > . Well , and exercise ! 
is almost finished the 7th book ! 
needs more books to read ! After reading < PROPMALE > Potter in 2 days I need something else 
should really be sleeping but she's not 
needs motivation to take my school stuff to my classroom before I have to be back 
should workout but isn't . I'll make up for it tomorrow 
isn't quite sure what's going on right now 
is praying and hoping . It's all in God's hands now 
just won her brother $100 for the bookstore at FCC for school 
is wondering if anyone wants a babysitter ! I go back to work next week so get me during the day while you can :) Otherwise it's nights only ! 
has decided low blood pressure stinks ! 
Monk and Degrassi tonight . I'm kind of a big nerd :) 
tip from my brother : you can use your teeth to open a packet of soy sauce , but it's not a good idea to use your teeth to open a packet of wasabi . Way too hot ! 
Wahoo !! I found my < PROPFEMALE > Picoult books ! Something new to read since I haven't read them in two years ! 
is happy and relieved !! 
thinks the sky looks a little creepy 
is a little tired but ready to exercise ! 
is wishing she had her book to read . 
can someone promise me no rain tomorrow ? I want to play tennis ! 
ummm not sure if I'm ready to give up this freedom for school to start 
thinks you should all try watching ' Acceptance ' Thus far it's proving to be a good movie . 
tiene hambre !!! muchisimo hambre 
is finally on FB after a long wonderful day at school :) 
is grateful for exercise ! 
thinks sleep is a wonderful thing and has decided that tomorrow she will go to bed early . Really and truly . Somehow ... 
chaos ! The day I decide I'm going to do good and get all my planning finished , the basement decides to leak and now it's chaos ! Don't know when we'll be finished cleaning or when the water will stop leaking ! 
is having a fabulous weekend actually ! 
knows there's a lot she should have done this weekend but had fun anyway 
is loving life and ready for bed ! 
is so happy for this fabulous week ! 
is turning over a new leaf with my exercise program .... tomorrow :) 
Yay ! Happy 3 day weekend and chilaquiles night ! 
is way excited ! yay for < PROPMALE > coming to the east coast .... the good side ! 
< PROPFEMALE > muy feliz aunque tengo trabajo mañana ! 
carta de la Hermana Mickelsen !! Que bueno :) 
ummm overwhelmed and we'll leave it at that . Not feeling quite so on the ball today . 
thinks having the same cell phone company makes life so much easier ! 
loves the gym . I think it's my new favorite place ! 
is going to rest and get better as soon as school lets out tomorrow and all weekend ! 
had a dream about the cat merging with a green foam bat to become a giant snake that talked and tried to attack me . I think this qualifies as one of those I'm really sick dreams . 
< PROPFEMALE > bien enferma ! No me gusta :( 
is now realizing why she couldn't fall asleep until 3 am . Don't take Excedrin at night . It as caffeine . The pain goes away but you stay awake . 
is feeling happy and productive ! 
thinks it's a little funny that her brother has a mild case of the swine flu and it's probably her fault since she teaches little kids . At least the doctor told him it was my fault :) 
is counting down until after school tomorrow when I can exercise and make mole ! 
made yummy mole !! 
is hoping to feel better by tomorrow . For those of you I've infected , I apologize profusely . If you have someone you want to infect , please contact me :) 
realizes codeine can be a good thing . Just don't trust anything I say when I take it . 
feels like crud and can barely move . In bed all day and hoping to be able to sleep soon 
is watching psych and hoping one more episode will help her forget about the congestion so she can sleep 
thinks this virus thing is ridiculous ! I want to go back to work ! 
realizes the Lord gives us tender mercies when we need them . Prayers and thoughts for Brother Hall's family and Sister Kawamoto's as well ! They will be missed greatly ! 
Day 5 of isolation . I feel better but I'm beginning to be bored . Help !!! Back to work tomorrow as long as the fever stays gone today 
is fever free and back to work tomorrow !!! < PROPFEMALE > hopefully tomorrow will be your last day with it ! 
wants to be warm ! It's too cold in this house ! 
is wondering why things are chaos !! 
learn how to bend , your worse inhibitions tend to psych you out in the end ! 
I tried visualizing a door but it was locked 
feels much better now that she got it over with ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is freezing again ! Spent almost the whole day at school with my coat on . I'm now realizing that the adjustment to MD winters is going to be really hard after two in California 
is talking futbol and kind of shocked about it . Never thought that day would happen ! 
has one more day of conferences and then a break ! 
is done ! Yay for the weekend :) 
is finally home after much craziness ! 
is excited to teach tomorrow !! Yay for school 
wants to exercise ! Too late today but tomorrow for sure 
is wondering why she gets the crazy ones ? 
is ready to go to bed at 7 on a Friday night . What does that say about my life ? 
Wow thanks for the birthday wishes ! Thus far it's involved sleeping in and sitting here reading a book :) I appreciate it ! 
siento muy feliz y llena ahora ! 
it's Amazing Race time ! 
hoy decir adios me toca a mi ! If you name the song , you get bonus points :) 
off to dinner for mom's birthday . Poor mom is old today :) 
just got a creepy snuggie for my birthday from Mylissa . I might have nightmares about it attacking me . 
Done for the day and ready for the weekend ! 
got to be a sparkly vampire tonight ! Thanks < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is praying for my piano playing skills for the primary program next Sunday ! Puedo hacerlo ! 
Ummm 5:30 am is very early ! I'm trusting Heavenly Father will give me blessings for doing this sign language class . I'll take having energy to get through the day ! 
it's freezing outside and I should have gone to the gym not straight home today . Oh well tomorrow is another day ! 
is ready for the weekend and wishing she could go to the swapmeet . Good thing someone can go look for me ! 
is blaming < PROPFEMALE > for my addiction to the books I'm currently reading . Should I be figuring out lesson plans ? Yes . Am I ? No because I'm reading 
forgot how much she loves < PROPFIRST > Cardall ! Gracias a la Hna . Mickelsen ! 
such is life ! 
is counting the days til < PROPMALE > comes !! Watch out < PROPFEMALE > , DC and < PROPFEMALE > ! Havoc is about to be let loose ! 
Two more days til < PROPMALE > is here ! Is it Tuesday yet ? Watch out MD cause here we come :) Mwwahahaha ( that would be the evil laugh ) 
Manana 
Note to self : When < PROPMALE > gets you lost in the one-ways in Norwalk on your mission , don't trust her to find her car in D.C. without help . Apparently that comes in the form of big black guys ! 
bop to the top :) 
is glad the weekend is here ! 
is ready for vacation ! 
estoy feliz y content ! doce horas mas ! 
my brother is psychotic ! I don't know if I spelled that right or not but he's crazy ! 
is way ready for bed ! What a fabulous Thanksgiving break . Now it's time to gear and be a \mom\ " for a week ! " 
Should I be sleeping ? Yes . Will I ? Eventually I hope cause 5:30 is very early but my body is still jet lagged 
me : the < PROPMALE > crackers taste like old people . Megan : how do you know what old people taste like ? Me : Try it ! Megan : They do ! 
is making taquitos tomorrow night ! 
is full from taquitos !! 
it's over :( 
Ummm I think I like the snow but I haven't decided yet . As long as it doesn't stick to the roads it's ok 
we have the Christmas tree set up and it looks pretty ! 
is sending out two packages tomorrow !! 
is not excited for this weather :( Why can't it be snow ???? 
is planing for a baking fest that will happen soon ! 
is slowly turning into an icicle !! 
is making pumpkin brownies !! 
needs to perfect the pumpkin brownies before sharing them at work :) 
most frightening song ever : \Santa claus llego a la cuidad\ " This will strike fear into young children everywhere . It made me laugh in a creepy way . " 
is excited to < PROPFEMALE > out with my favorite girls Friday after work ! 
is freezing and will freeze even more on the field trip tomorrow . Bring on the hot chocolate after work !! 
is only slightly frozen after a day of being outside ! 
has books all ready for reading tomorrow during the snow . What a great reason to stay home and read ! 
and the snow keeps coming . It's weird seeing this much snow after not seeing snow in so long . 2 books finished several more to go ! 
Life is old there older than the trees :) Yay for singing 
cars are dug out for the most part and now it's back to reading ! 
no school/work tomorrow . I'm almost out of books ! 
Early break ! Although I was looking forward to teaching the kids jingle bells in Spanish :) 
is waiting for everyone to get home so we can go to listen to some great Christmas music ! The rest of the family doesn't yet realize that it's in Spanish :) 
is wanting tamales ! I have a huge craving and somehow need to find some 
< PROPFEMALE > bien contenta y feliz ! 
Happy Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ! Last Christmas < PROPFEMALE > , my companion and I were panicking because we couldn't get our gas cap off :) Brother Wheeler broke it off and fixed it ! What a great present ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all and let's hope I feel better in the morning ! 
has become an addict to Gamestop ! 
is wondering why my body reverts to California time everytime I'm on vacation ? 
is having way too much fun watching dad and Will be lumberjacks on the Wii . I prefer the sports games to sawing wood ! 
finds it funny how life can be out of control sometimes but still wonderful ! 
Happy New Year all ! Off to party in a little while ! 
my family is crazy and like to mess with my head . Not a happy camper :) 
wondering when everything started changing without me noticing ! 
going back to work is difficult . I want to go back but my body doesn't want to sleep . Maybe if the wind ever stops it will be easier ! 
life is grand ! 
why is the cold weather still here ? I've decided winter should only last a month ! 
no se que voy a hacer . Blah ! 
maybe I'm just really slow to learn things , but today I learned that reading is something we have to force the brain to do . I found that very interesting . 
figures . school is closed and I can't go back to sleep . 
My new phone came ! No more buttons that don't work ! 
spent way more than I should have today but had fun shopping ! 
time for another crazy busy week ! Gotta love it ! 
House was very amusing for me :) Now I have songs from A Chorus Line stuck in my head ! 
incredibly tired and can't wait to fall asleep . Let's hope it comes quickly tonight ! Counting the hours til sunshine !! 
yay :) 
sleepy and ready to go to bed ! 
what do you do when you're tired , jet lagged and can't sleep ? Talk on the phone so someone will tell you sweet dreams :) 
yay for new boots !! 
is emotionally drained from work this week and we only had students two days ! Ack !! 
is way too tired . Hoping to feel better in the morning since I'm speaking in church ! 
is planning to go to bed shortly and hoping to sleep until the morning . Then I shall feel better ! 
me gusta cuando callas porque estas como ausente y me oyes desde lejos ~ Neruda 
why can't the weather stay the same ? it certainly would help me not be congested and such ! 
New Psych tonight !!! yay ! except how come it's on so late ? 
no more worrying . I'm going to forget it all and go to sleep ! 
so .... they said we weren't getting any snow today . Not what it looks like outside at all . 
wants to read a really good book .... and can't find any at the moment ! 
not sure how I feel about the snow however I've been singing the british soldier song two students wrote the other day :) 
traffic going to class today ? awful ! everyone decided to get on 70 and then get off on 15N with me . I guess there was some big panic over all this snow ! 
ok round one of shoveling done ! 
umm so I woke up and couldn't open the front door . That's a problem 
Ok which one of my friends living in a warmer climate ( read : not 3 feet of snow ) wants to adopt me and let me live with them ? 
Well , my car is uncovered does it mean I can drive it anywhere ? No not until they clear out our neighborhood 
no school tomorrow 
& hearts ; < PROPFIRST > bisbal 
wishing the snow would leave 
I can't take anymore snow !! I'm done 
I want the snow to disappear so life can go back to normal . And I can get my grapefruit :) 
Help ! I'm stuck in this snowstorm and can't get out !!!! 
tomorrow can't come soon enough ! 
Not happy to be back in the snow ! Make it go away please ! 
Finally back to school tomorrow !! Happy about the snow still being here ? NO ! 
i don't think i'm going to get any good sleep until the olympics are finally over ! 
wants to sleep but is addicted to the Olympics . Such a conundrum ! 
The snow is leaving and I'm happy ! Now we just need no rain and lots of sunshine and warm weather .... sounds like I should be back in Cali :) 
A few more days of Olympics and then the sleep schedule is back to normal 
Why do I give tests ? It only means I have to grade them .... all 135 of them . However I did get some funny answers on the test 
No , I don't hate your child , no I don't play favorites , your child got a B/C/whatever because they earned it not because I felt like giving it to them , yes I have the proof in my gradebook , theyare not going to be perfect all the time no matter how intelligent they are . That is all ! 
is completely finished and spent . I hope it only goes up from here . To you all from work : I should have gotten a bigger hot fudge sundae , a much bigger hot fudge sundae . 
Ok maybe I'll get really lucky and everything that happened this week will magically be gone when I get to work on Monday . That would make life so much easier ! Or I could just relieve Saturday and Sunday over and over again so Monday doesn't have to come ! 
Much better day today ! Well , for the most part 
Oh , my dad is the all-powerful evil Titan lord who wants to destroy Western civilization . I want to be just like him when I grow up ! 
Raindrops keep fallin on my head ! At least it's better than snow :) 
Go Mountaineers !!! 
YES !!!! The house is happy again ! WVU Won !!! 
March Madness here I come ! 
So , is it a bad thing that I've got my class obsessing over March Madness ? 
What a glorious day ... package came in the mail , and I'm now enjoying my tamarindo !!!!! I couldn't be happier ! 
Ok staying up very late to read a book is a bad idea no matter how good the book is ! So I shall be in bed very early . 
relaxing day and the allergies are getting better . It's off to work I go tomorrow . 
Help ! 
It's always a great day when you smell something burning in your classroom and you realize the funny sounds from the computer might mean something is wrong ! 
One more day until a fabulous but short spring break ! 
life is chaotic and beautiful ! 
Ok sleep seems to be alluding me tonight but at least I don't have work tomorrow ! 
wishing the week wasn't quite so busy ! If it was all fun stuff that would be great ! 
In the Reader's Digest : Titles of children's books \helicopter parents\ " would enjoy : Curious < PROPFIRST > Doesn't Go Anywhere and < PROPMALE > the Big Red Hypoallergenic Dog ! There are more but I like those two best :) " 
hoping to actually get things done today but I ended up on the couch not moving :( 
ate real food today ! My body still isn't sure if it likes it or not . 
Oh so sleepy and regretting the taquitos although they tasted amazing ! Paletas de tamarindo este miercoles ! 
done with justifying why things have to be done . Can't people just accept that I really do know what I'm doing ? 
Hasta que el dinero nos separe .... I'm an addict now but it's so fun to watch ! 
pupusas last night , tacos de carne asada tonight . I'm on a food kick and loving it ! 
What happened to my warm predictable Socal weather ? Oh that's right , I am no longer in Cali , I'm here in this place called < PROPFEMALE > where the weather can't make up it's mind ! 
no cupcakes tonight :( 
porque los hombres son muy celoso y cambia la mente siempre !! 
well , everything got finished this weekend ! I still think I could sleep from now til morning . 
Sleep would be beautiful but these allergies are not helping me one bit ! That and I'm a youtube addict at the moment . 
just ate some amazingly fresh pineapple ! 
find a new book I want to read at Barns and Noble ... price for the English version : $18 , the Spanish version ? $6 . Guess which one I bought ? Good thing I can read Spanish ! 
Oh my goodness ! I finally read Three Cups of Tea and I love it ! After crying , I now feel this urge to go and change the world ! 
Ok this is a poll for my sister : Do any of you know what \rick rolled\ " means ? " 
Pico de gallo made for work tomorrow ? Check . Caramello bar and milk ? Check . Good book ? Check . Car that hates me ? Double check :( 
is so incredibly grateful for good friends right now ! 
now has the most amazing front yard thanks to some wonderful service ! 
hoy estoy feliz !!! 
William : I'll buy you a can of beans if you go get it for me . You like beans don't you ? You can make Mexican food with beans ! 
two hours to change my little headlight bulb ! 
< PROPFIRST > 15:2 , Sometimes we all need a little purging to bring forth fruit . At least we know that Heavenly Father is recognizing our work . Yes , < PROPFEMALE > I'm thinking of you when I write this ! 
gorditas taste amazing but I'm seriously wishing I hadn't missed the pupusa party on Saturday ! 
sabes que estoy colgando en tus manos :) 
I appreciate that people have their own opinions since I certainly have mine , just be careful who you share those opinions with because you never know who you might hurt . Todos somos humanos ! 
Happy and full of good food ! 
:) And that's all ! 
no perdere la < PROPFEMALE > de hablar contigo ... asi que no me dejes caer ! 
Things that happen aren't always as they seem . 
sleep will be a wonderful thing tonight ! 
Soy muy feliz ! 
first day of Spanish class : success ! chaos of the day ? not so much 
Not having a voice is not a fun thing ! I want my voice back please ; teaching Spanish is difficult without a voice ! 
Taquitos for dinner tonight ! And I'm so happy to be making them :) Espero que te gusta ! 
Tip : When you think you have a sinus infection , don't wait to get medicine . You end up a lot worse ! 
No voice again ! This is getting to be a little annoying seeing as I'm on summer vacation ! 
Ok , so Shrek and Toy Story were really great movies ! Yes , I like cartoons , but you know what ? They're funny ! 
Determined to get through the books that I bought ! It's taking longer than I though seeing as I've been otherwise occupied ! 
Made tortillas today ! Now to make some more for dinner and figure out what to eat with the tortillas ! 
Today was a fabulous day even if I'm a little tired ! I love Hershey Park and I got to make my own chocolate bar . Gracias a < PROPFEMALE > persona mu especial ! Thanks for spending the day with me ! 
According to < PROPMALE > , I'm now a walking pharmacy :) Well , unless anyone else has a cure for the cough , runny/stuffy nose and no voice , I shall remain a walking pharmacy . Te amo y lo siento :( 
Tired of the coughing ! SOmeone help me please !!! I think my family might kick me out if I can't get it to stop :) 
How could they lose ??? Pobre Brasil :( 
Arg ! Stupid cough !!! I really do wish it would stop . Kanoe , I do need some Proflavanol 
Had a great Sunday ! 
Sometimes , I don't share things with everyone for a reason . I might not share what the reason is , but I am thinking for myself so please don't say I'm not ! 
Psych premiere one week from today !!! I don't care if no one else is as excited as I am ! PLus Top Chef tonight and chilequiles ! Can it get any better ? I think not ! 
Tres leches cake ... amazing . That is all 
If I only had a car ... Anyone available to drive me to Gaithersburg with a baby squirrel ? I need to do it before they close at 5 today and I don't want the baby to die . 
Psych starts tonight at 10 !!! Watching it with < PROPMALE > and couldn't be happier ! 
PSYCH !!! With < PROPMALE > !! 
Confuzzled by life but all is well 
Ok to all of my California friends : We do get earthquaes in MD ! Had one early in the morning and freaked me out 
Naps are a wonderful thing . And I love them ! 
Church magazines came in the mail today , good scripture studying and good movie with an amazing guy ! Couldn't ask for a better day ! 
Sometimes you feel dumb and pretty much like a jerk .... that would be me right now . Why do I do things that make other people feel miserable ? It's never my intention :( 
What a fabulous weekend I'm going to have ! 
Ummm sleep is a good thing so why can't I sleep ? 
Garden fresh tomatoes , mozzarella , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > oil ! I'm happy ! Not to mention the guy at Giant cored the pineaple for me at no charge ! Lunch is wonderful today ! 
Ok so yes it's still July but I went shopping for classroom things today , and now I'm excited to get back into things . Or at least to decorate my classroom . Why does vacation feel so short sometimes ? 
After talking with < PROPFIRST > and Mylissa tonight I realize that girls camp was way more fun than scout camp . The boys don't even sing fun songs like we do ! How sad is that ? 
Ok anyone in the Monocacy < PROPMALE > up for playing the organ for me in the Spanish Branch this Sunday or any Sunday during the month of August ? I need to know asap so we can get it taken care of ! Thanks ! 
Has a clear direction now in life and is ready for some serious partying ! 
What made me think that teaching Spanish classes the two weeks before I have to go back to school would be a great idea ? Oh well , it's fun at least ! 
Going slightly crazy with everything I have to do ! Thank goodness for blessings ! 
Happy ! Oh so very happy ! The < PROPFEMALE > is a wonderful place :) 
Got to learn about the Peruvian government today . It made me proud when we asked my students if they had questions about Peru , the first thing they wanted to know was how the government worked compared to ours ! At least they learned something from me in Social Studies this year :) 
Ok so all the scary thunderstorms , tornado warnings etc ... where was I ? Driving in Rockville looking for good ice cream :) And playing in a park with < PROPMALE > and his nephew once the rain slowed down and the lightning stopped . Get ready for pics ! 
Hmmmm really not sure if I'm ready to go back to work yet . This seems way to early to be starting school :) 
Such a long long day .... 
wondering if my classroom will be ready in time for Monday ! It's going to be a long day tomorrow 
Ok , as I sit here at my laptop , there are ants crawling on the screen ... that means either there are ants infesting my laptop ( weird ) or the Kitchens have random ants in their house that like computers ( also weird ) . 
Ok incredibly grateful for the Spirit right now and for President Sexton ! A middle of the night phone call is always welcome from my mission president when it's inspired by the Spirit ! Ya estoy feliz ! 
Why is it I prolong falling asleep the night before school starts ? At least I'm excited for it ! 
New favorite game at school : Silent speedball with my blue spiky ball ! Who would have thought they would be so entertained with the spikes ? 
Ok somehow I've managed to lose my camera and I need to get pictures developed by tomorrow for school . This poses a problem ... 
Indian food , good books and a nap , I love long weekends ! 
Oh how happy you have made me :) Estoy feliz mi amor gracias ! 
Lots of deep thinking going on today ! 
Came home expecting to find gifts on FB for the games I play like normal .... nothing :( Oh well , can't get them every day I suppose . Good thing since I'm off to go interpret again 
Wow !! That's all I can say about Psych . so sad and so sweet ! 
to sleep perchance to dream :) off to translate some things and then to bed for Spanish in the morning ! 
Cold and wishing tomorrow wasn't Monday . 
is oh so happy right now ! Get to teach a fun class tomorrow , vote and renew my license . Hmmmm maybe that might not be such an exciting day :) 
Great morning with Spanish ! Busy reading and wanting ice cream ! 
If you see me throwing trash at ducks at Culler lake dont call the police . 
just when i thought it was safe to go to sleep ... the ceiling decides to start leaking again . Arg ! 
What a happy day ! I love it when the church magazines come :) 
< PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! 
why is it when I'm actually tired and want to sleep , I can't ? This is predicament that needs to stop because my body is disliking it a great deal 
very very tired right now ! Off to bed and dreams :) 
Gym this morning ! Now it's time to relax a little :) 
is wondering if there are any piano players out there willing to help me out with the Spanish Branch primary program ? I can't play and lead the music but I need to lead the kids . I'm in a predicament . 
House was on tonight ! Thanks to dad for recording it so I can watch it tomorrow ! 
Did you know the first native < PROPFEMALE > ns came to north < PROPFEMALE > by swimming across the ocean and when they got tired they used a plane 
Wow ! A great evening at the fair with mi amor < PROPMALE > :) Now I'm tired and ready for bed ! 
Still super tired from the fair last night and just laying in bed . The grading of papers will come later ! 
Someday I'll finish all of my grading ... someday .... Ruben MArevalo you want to grade some more papers for me :) 
making tres leches cake para mi amor ! 
At this time in two days I will be in Utah ! It's been a long time 
Off to Utah tomorrow ! < PROPMALE > MArevalo mi amor , te voy a extranar ! 
Ok made it to utah but they made me check my < PROPFEMALE > on . Is it with me right now ? No its in atlanta 
I now have the suitcase ! Never flying < PROPFEMALE > again 
Conference was great today ! Mission reunion was wonderful last night ! I get to face < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow but I get to see < PROPMALE > MArevalo :) 
So happy ! I truly needed the day to recover from the jet lag but it was so worth it ! 
thinks that life is grand ! 
cannot wait to relax during the weekend ! gotta make it through tomorrow ! 
so my car is really mine now ! Got the letter yesterday that they received my last payment :) Wahoo !! 
So apparently I bought my sister two of the most life changing gifts ever today : a candle and a kapo for her guitar . Who would have known ? 
sore throat and ear ache but today was absolutely wonderful ! Gracias a ti mi amor , < PROPMALE > ! 
Not being able to hear well because of stuffed up ears does have it's benefits :) 
plugged up ears turn into a sore throat which turns into me losing my voice . Why does this happen like 4 times a year ? Plus side : my class is really quiet because I told them every noise sounds like lots of people talking and it makes my head hurt . At least the students are sympathetic ! 
Darn ear infections ! Another day home tomorrow :( 
busy weekend ! 
What wonderful friends i have ! And < PROPMALE > keeps good secrets :) 
Thanks everyone ! I appreciate all the birthday wishes :) It's been a fabulous weekend . Got no grading done but that's ok :) 
is feeling very blessed and loved right now ! thanks everyone especialmente a mi amor < PROPMALE > 
slightly stressed and frustrated at the moment :/ 
Happy Halloween ! For some reason I have Thriller stuck in my head 
On October 31 , 1981 , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > Potter lost their lives . Their son , < PROPMALE > remains the only wizard ever to have survived the Killing Curse . Their house , invisible to Muggles , has been left in its ruined state as a monument to the Potters and as a reminder of the violence that tore apart their family . Repost if you are fighting against Voldemort and will never forget what the Potters did for their son . 
finally I Have internet after being with verizon on the phone all day ! 
Feliz y contenta ! Great night with mi amor ! 
Gracias a mi amor < PROPMALE > , my kitchen now looks like a kitchen ! Chairs for the table , knives , spice rack . Wow ! Te amo mi amor 
sleep is a good thing ... so was the omelette I had for dinner :) 
PSYCH !!!! 
Fudge from Costco .... good idea or bad idea ? You decide while I enjoy some with a glass of milk . 
if anyone just got a random email from me , it's not me . Sorry about that ! 
Anyone come to my Pampered Chef party ( mainly to see the new house and to eat apple turnovers ) message me by tomorrow evening if you haven't already told me ! I'll get you the address if you need it ! 
Happy as can be ! New furniture and pampered chef party this week ! If you can't come and want to order something , let me know asap and I'll email you the link :) 
Pampered Chef tomorrow ! Come if you can please ! If you want to order something let me know . Show closes Sat ! 
How many days until Thanksgiving Break ? < PROPMALE > Potter tomorrow !!! Mi amor prometio :) 
In the theater just waiting for the movie 
Oh happy day ! Busy but wonderful day today . At least school starts late tomorrow . It almost makes up for conferences tomorrow night . 
best part of today ? Seeing mi amor < PROPMALE > after all the parent teacher conferences :) 
finally time for a break ! Brownies in the oven and then it's off to eat dinner with mi amor :) 
Advice of the day don't send a text as you walk out the door . It can lead to you getting locked out of the house and your car 
Christmas song of the day : < PROPFEMALE > Claus go Straight to the Ghetto by < PROPFIRST > Brown . That's all I have to say . 
Making rolls , potatoes and succotash ! Then it's off to < PROPFEMALE>'s 
What are most people doing after eating today ? Sleeping . What am i doing ? Hanging out at wal mart waiting to buy stuff 
Black Friday was a success ! I have everything to put on the tree , now I need the tree :) 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ! 
is thinking tomorrow is a great time to start my tradition of reading the book of < PROPMALE > during the month of December ! Yay for December !!! 
done Christmas shopping ! Well , except for one present . And did I grade the papers I planned to ? Nope of course not , I did a lot of reading though ! 
Ok I have all the Pampered Chef stuff people ordered . Now it's a matter of getting it to everyone ! Let me know what's easiest for all of you please 
should be at the gym but not up to it with the sneezing today . Guess I'll have to buy things to make cookies instead :) 
is really wishing there would be snow on the ground so I have an excuse to eat brownies and cuddle up with a book , blanket and movie ! Too bad mi amor is sick or he could join me ! 
after an interesting weekend , it's off to bed in hopes to get through the next two weeks before the break ! 
so I bought a grapefruit knife from pampered chef ... it's now my new favorite kitchen tool ever !! 
2 episodes of Psych tonight ! And life is still confusing :( 
\We are happiest when our lives are connected to others through unselfish love and service . \ " Elder Wirthlin " 
Happy that Christmas is coming ... not happy about the eye 
Loves pajama day at school ! And the last day before break 
I love reading < PROPMALE > ! Just finished chapter 23 ! Interesting reading about the crucifixion of Christ right before we celebrate His birth and realizing that His birth is what makes our life and our joy possible ! What a glorious season this is ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Busy getting the house ready ! Presents are all wrapped and ready to go , baking is being started ! 
so the guys won the gingerbread house competition but they also used carrots and broccoli so I don't know if it counts ! 
Me : Elf is on tv again this week and Christmas is over . \ 
William : I know ! It's great ! \ 
Me : But you just told me that I couldn't watch any Christmas movies . \ 
William : Elf isn't a Christmas movie ! \ 
When a movie is titled Elf and < PROPFEMALE > Claus is in it , then clearly it should be a Christmas movie . But apparently that's just me 
so anyone on Frontierville who can send gifts if you could send me hammers or hand drills or paint that would be great ! Thanks ! 
dishes cleaned , kitchen clean now I can have fun the rest of the week ! 
cannot believe how fast the break has gone or the year ! Good thing I have my resolutions ; if only I can keep them ! 
hoping it's a wonderful New Year ! 
Do I really have to go back tomorrow ? Not that I don't love work but I want a little longer time to have a vacation . 
Let's see how creative my Facebook friends are ... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST Name ... It can only be 1 word ... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you ... Don't just post a word & not copy , that's just lame ! 
sending out hugs cause I sure need them myself ! What an odd week it's been . That is all :/ 
very very sleepy and ready to curl up in bed with my book . 
made grapefruit bars ... now they need to cool so I can see how they taste ! 
Grapefruit bars : Good but need a way to get more grapefruit flavor into them ... Feeling happy today amidst pondering ... 
What a wonderful Sunday ! I love < PROPMALE > conference ! 
helping someone who can't help themself is the hardest thing I've ever done but knowing I've done the best I can is wonderful 
loving my snow day ! Almost time to head out and get the things I need for the day ... 
lovely evening con mi amor 
confuzzled but it's going to be just fine 
Ether 12:27 : And if men come unto me I will show unto them their weakness . I give unto men weakness that they may be humble ; and my grace is sufficient for all men that humble themselves before me ; for if they humble themselves before me , and have faith in me , then will I make weak things become strong unto them . \ 
This is what I'm living by this week ! 
saw Tron tonight .... good distraction but now the thoughts are still with me .... 
pondering life at the moment and extremely exhausted , thank goodness I have tomorrow off ! 
is wishing life were somehow easier although then we couldn't really be tested so that defeats the purpose ... outwitted myself again :) 
wondering why we hurt the people we care about the most 
ok time to play guess that song \Simple really isn't it a word or two and then a lifetime of not knowing where or why or how or when \"" 
I'm fine even though I can't sleep ... arg ! 
is very sleepy and having a hard time getting motivation to finish grading papers ! 
is it written in the stars ? are we paying for some crime ? is that all that we are good for , just a stretch of mortal time ? 
So we made taquitos tonight and I finally made a salsa verde that I like ! And hot fudge brownie sundaes ! What a wonderful night :) 
Did I take a step too far ? 
waaay exhausted and no idea why :( 
I think I might finally sleep at a normal hour tonight !! Good cinnamon rolls tonight :) 
Why is it when we have a delay I have no problem going right back to sleep but when school is closed , I never can ?? 
Dance your cares away , worries for another day :) 
Another snow day tomorrow ? I knew eventually it would happen 
shoveling snow .... for once it was actually a lot of fun ! 
tired but had a good day today ! Dreading tomorrow but I'll get through it somehow 
milk , cookies and a movie . time to relax 
one movie down .... do I dare watch another before I go to bed ? 
A rain dance brings rain , it doesn't stop it ! Oh , then I guess I'll do it backwards :) 
I am now becoming an expert at making salsa verde ! And I'm getting better at tortillas ! Me siento muy feliz 
so I dreamed my principal told us we were getting out early but then we got stuck at school with the kids because of ice . I was so glad to get the text at 5:30 saying we were closed ! 
french bread and brownies today . I was quite productive 
OK I'm apologizing to my teammates ahead of time . My terrible cough has returned to haunt me and unfortunately anyone in the building who will hear me coughing tomorrow . 
learning all kinds of cool things from my students by reading their biography projects ! I now know lots about < PROPMALE > Cousteau and Sacagawea 
rainy gray day outside but it was a good one ... 
I wonder what life would be like ... ( finish the sentence ) 
asked the primary during singing time today \cual es uno de los dones mas grande que Dios nos dio ? \ " First answer : \ " Jesucristo\ " Second : \ " la vida\ " What a great Primary we have ! " 
Why is it I have \Me and < PROPFIRST > Down by the Schoolyard\ " stuck in my head ? " 
if you'll be my bodyguard , I can be your long lost pal ... 
strep is the bane of my existence right now 
plotting and planning .... don't worry I only plan good things hahaha ( evil Laugh here ) 
sorry clicked on something random and now it won't go away !!!! 
so very tired and can't sleep . This is getting to be a little ridiculous ! 
every story has an ending , even if it can't be told ... 
oh happy day ! 
Daisies have made my day ! Estoy muy feliz gracias babe ! 
the going to the gym habit is slowing coming back !!!! 
My jellybean addiction is returning ... better wake up for the gym tomorrow 
waiting for superman ... let's see how it is 
en las estrellas tus ojos ver 
ummm dear bad weather please stay away . I want to teach tomorrow 
:( blah ! 
Toddlers and Tiaras is kinda scary ! I wonder if there really are parents like this ... 
So incredibly grateful for wonderful friends and answered prayers ! 
dreams about my students being pirates and dwarves .... not so good since I had no < PROPFIRST > Sparrow in the dream 
happy weekend ! 
so incredibly tired ! I thought weekends were supposed to be relaxing ... 
no more thunderstorms tonight please 
hoping to get some good sleep tonight before a busy day 
it really does work when you throw random things in the crock pot ! 
wow that's all I have to say 
wonderful relaxing Sunday which is what I needed . Thanks to < PROPMALE > for grilling today ! 
Chocolate is wonderful ! 
sleep had better come quickly tonight . no quiero mas pesadillas ! 
my new favorite channel is HUB . I get to see Doogie Howser and Family Ties ! 
wish we didn't have to change the time cause it doesn't like my body ! Hoping my primary class isn't too crazy tomorrow 
how did I get so lucky ? fabulous food on the grill yet again ! gracias amor y a todo tu familia ! 
i should be sleeping but my body won't let me ! not going to be a good day tomorrow !! 
must be my lucky day . i have no one sitting beside me on the plane ! 
blah ! that was my feeling for today 
flight to california : almost no one on the plane . flight back home : middle schoolers on a field trip to d.c. why ? 
i don't think i've ever been this bored in an airport before . I'm tempted to go over to the < PROPFEMALE > stone booth and play since it keeps talking about how amazing it is 
Estoy feliz :) 
\El vive para escuchar y oidos a mis quejas dar ... El vive para ayudar y a mi < PROPFEMALE > consolar . \ " What beautiful phrases ! " 
Ok to all my dear BYU friends , I truly knew it wasn't going to happen . Sorry ! 
I've decided I want to be like < PROPMALE > Rooney on 60 minutes . He makes me laugh ! 
Ok bad idea to have something with caffeine at night . Amor , la proxima vez que te digo si quiero el resto de tu monster me recuerdas que no voy a dormir ! 
Almost time for Top Chef !! I wanted to go to bed early but I have two shows at 10 so I need to stay up and watch one while the other records :) 
fabulous food this evening ! And wonderful company :) 
Conference is wonderful ! 
Unlike lots of you on here talking about the thunder and the lightning , I dislike it a great deal ! I want to sleep and it won't be happening until it goes away ! 
More rain and wind ? Why me ? Come on please ... 
