I am sooo happy about the new little baby !!! Congrads to my sister , < PROPFEMALE > and My brother-in-law/love , < PROPFIRST > !! I love Cambree aka < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 

Little < PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFEMALE > sweet ... She is so sweet to hold . So sweet to look at . It hurts my heart to see her cry ... And then I start to cry , because I then start to realize that My mom isnt here to take this all in ... My mom cant hold her first little girl gra 
So many things to decide on ... I don't know what to do ! I have to make up my mind ... I need some help ! 
Hanging with the family ... Going to Minnesota this weekend with < PROPFEMALE > ... I am so not ready end my high school years ... I don't want to be a senior ! 
Can't wait for school to start ! *** I wish she was still here*** <3 
I need some help ... I have this song stuck in my head and i really want to know who sings it and what the title is ... here are some of the lryics ... ' I am just calling you to see if your sleeping are you dreaming if your dream are you dreaming of me ' ... thats all i got please help me i really want to know what this song is ! 
Is so into the new school year and is really excited to be a senior ! Best year of my life right ? <3 
YAYZ ! ACT test tomorrow . I am so scared . But I can't wait to see my score ! I really hope I do well . 
Thinking about college . I can't wait untill I get to go ! i am so excited ! I am high on life right now . Still missing my mom but I know she is here ! <3<3<3<3<3<3<3 
Is so excited ! I am going on a trip with < PROPFEMALE > and leaving today ! And yesterday I got to skip out on pe because of FFA !!! YAYZ FOR NO PE !!!!!! 
' Tell your boyfriend if he says hes got beef , That I'm a vegetarian and I ain't f***ing scared of him . ' Don't Trust Me by 3Oh ! 3 . I have had it in my head all day ! And I am a little scared to taking my business test .... 
Got to < PROPFEMALE>'s . It took longer than I am used to , but there was the weather . Man , I am starting to hate the winter . I guess thats why I like the fall . But I am so glad I am here . And Happy Birthday to My Unlce < PROPFIRST > and My dad . They are both 50 today ! Man they are OLD !! But I still love them ! 
I drove to < PROPFEMALE>'s all by myself !!!! I'm a big kid now !! It was fun , but I still don't like it when people drive the speed limit . MAN ! Now I am just watching the kids all by myself . Wow this is a learning day ! The kids are just so cute ! I love them so much ! 
I GOT ACCEPTED !!! Grand View is my college ! WOOT ! This year is starting off good , but I so hope that it doesn't go bad in a second . Wow I hope everyone else is having a good year ! 
I ..... Don't ..... Know ..... I guess it is just time to go crazy !!! 
Had a bad bay and I tried signing a sad song but that just made me cry . But now I am hanging out with my friend < PROPFEMALE > and loving it ! 
Just got my phone to finally let me get back on facebook . my life is complete ... not really , but close enough ! 
Up set about my life ... Hopefully life will get better ... But I doubt it . 
When it rains it pours and that's my life . Raining all over the place . 
Hanging out with Aunt Faith , and looking forward to tomorrow to see all the family at cousin < PROPMALE>'s thing ... Love you all !! 
.... I don't know what to think anymore . Crying to much , thinking to much ... Evening praying and Grandpa still isn't himself . Sometimes I wonder if he will ever be him again ... 
You make me smile like the sun Fall out of bed . Sing like bird . Dizzy in my head spin like a record crazy on a Sunday night . You make me dance like a fool . Forget how to breathe . Shine like gold . Buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > . Just the thought of you can drive me wildOhh you make me smile 
Thanks for all the prayers and all the things everyone is doing for us ... 
RAIN !!! WOOT !!! I am loving the thunder storms !!! 
\I'll fill those canyons in your soul . Like a river lead you home . And I'll walk a step behind . In the shadows so you shine . Just ask it will be done . And I will prove my love . Until you're sure that I'm \ " the one \".\" - Gray < PROPMALE > . Check it out ! " 
Singing , and drinking mountain dew , and loving life ! 
I am liking about the song \Let's give ' em something to talk about\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Raitt and i am also thinnking about love and how it sucks . But it is all you want . Is there any one that feels the same way ? \ 
So you sailed away\ 
Into a grey sky morning\ 
Now I'm here to stay\ 
Love can be so boring \ 
Was it what you wanted\ 
Could it be I'm haunted \ 
But it's not so bad\ 
You're only the best I ever had\ 
You don't want me back\ 
You're just the best I ever had\ 
You're just the best I ever had 
Dumb people trying to go mudding on Level B roads , and getting stuck .... Rules about mudding ( 1 ) Have a four - wheeler or a four wheel drive truck ( 2 ) Always be smarter than the mud ... Or you are just as dumb as the mud you drive in ... 
Really !!! Cows are out !!! at 10 !!! And we have no one to call !!! Why ?!?!?! 
Woot . Mother's day .... Yep ... That's all i got ... 
I am all alone .... Have nothing to do . The TV doesnt work . And I really don't want to go out side again . And yet another boring day . 
I am all by myself .... I am wishing someone was here , so I had someone to talk to ... I am really sad .... 
Only has five days of school left . \ 
\ 
---- And to < PROPFEMALE > and Faith ---- How do you like me now !!! I just heard it on the radio . Just thought I should share that with you ! Oh , fun times ... Almost getting kicked out of DQ ! LOL !! 
' I’m a b*tch I’m a lover I’m a child I’m a mother I’m a sinner I’m a saint I do not feel ashamed I’m your hell I’m your dream I’m nothin’ in between You know , you wouldn’t want it any other way ' --- Alanis Morissette . great 
* Sigh * 1 year ago . I thought who wouldn't want to be me ... Now I think no body would even want to spend one second in my life . And I wish I could leave it ... One day can change your life , so live in the moment ! 
I am done with school and am so excited to do stuff this summer . I can't wait to go to college ! 
Thank You to all the people that < PROPMALE > out with me tonight ! I enjoyed it so much !! I can't believe that next year I won't be here ... Sad face ! 
In the end , I want to be standing at the beginning with you . 
My loneliness is killing me ! I must confess , I still believe ! When I'm not with you I lose my mind ! Give me a sign ! Hit me baby one more time ! 
Why Texas ? Why are you so hot ?!? I hate it . I actually can't wait to get back to Iowa ! I did have and still having fun , Texas , but you are too hot ! 
WHO CAN SAY IF I'VE BEEN CHANGED FOR THE BETTER ? BUT BECAUSE I KNEW YOU I HAVE BEEN CHANGED FOR GOOD . WELL MAY BE THAT WE WILL NEVER MEET AGAIN IN THIS LIFETIME SO LET ME SAY BEFORE WE PARTSO MUCH OF ME IS MADE OF WHAT I LEARNED FROM YOU . YOU'LL BE WITH ME LIKE A HANDPRINT ON MY HEARTAND NOW WHATEVER WAY OUR STORIES END . I KNOW YOU HAVE RE-WRITTEN MINE BY BEING MY FRIEND ... 
Every night in my dreams I see you . I feel you . That is how I know you go on . Far across the distance . And spaces between us , You have come to show you go on . Near , far , wherever you are I believe that the heart does go on . Once more you open the door , And you're here in my heart , And my heart will go on and on . Love can touch us one time , And last for a lifetime . 
Watching ' The Count of < PROPMALE > Cristo ' for the second time today ! I love this movie !!! 
Human life is like a fire . It starts off so big and clams down after a while but then you add something to it and it is back to its old self . And fires die the same way humans do . You can go peacefully or you can go the other way . Same with fire rain can stop a fire short or it can go on a long time . But once the fire is gone it always continues to burn in someone else . ' To my mom and Grandpa < PROPMALE>' 
I don't even know what is on my mind any more . I feel like I am drowning in a ocean and I can't get out of it . Maybe it will get easier if I spend sometime on my own ... But like that will ever happen . Please God I beg you make my life easier or a little bit better . And I will love you more than I already do . 
Why can't life be like a good movie ? Everything going the way it is supposed to . Everyone happy . But life doesn't work that way . I hope wishing it did makes life easier . 
* sigh * Sometimes I just wish life could go the way it should ... Why do things just go the totally stupid way ? Ugh ! Some beach !!! * sigh * 
edhjujededwseddfweujdffdkjgkajkedfjkskxfssdwefcfgsdfcnbfjsddjsdujcbdhasjekgnjshwfkgdidfbewjndbjkshxfjcxjkfkjgfndfhjswjk$$$ffjsjdjdmrjswigfhgfswkxnrfdfsddjujeiwkncbfjakeorhxjlaleirhfbkpqod ..... that is my life right now ... 
Got a lot of sleep last night . I had fun at camp and glad that I went . After church tomorrow I get to go to Des Moines and all by myself !! Pray for me ! 
I just got home from my CIY trip . It was pretty fun , but really hot . I am so glad to be home for a couple of days . 
I have a cold ... I hate it ! But I did get to sleep like all day . IT WAS A-W-E-S-O-M-E !!! But I am going to go to Adventureland on Monday ... It is going to be intense ! 
I don't usually like movies that make fun of other movies , but I think I might go to the ' Vampires Suck ' movie . I laugh at the previews !!! 
I can't wait !!! Turning 18 in like 3 days and then moving to Des Moines in like 7 days !!! I am so ready to start college and my first year in official adult-hood !!! 
I can't believe that I am 18 !!! I feel so old !!! but thank you every one for the birthday wishes . And help me keep praying for my Papa < PROPMALE > . he is in the hospital and I just want him to get better . 
OH MY GOD !!! I can't believe that I am leaving for Des Moines tomorrow !!! Good Bye old people and Hello to hot college guys !!!! WOOT !!!! 
I just heard a little Christmas tune and now I can't want for Christmas time !!! And now my sister Jenn is whistling the song !!! Dear < PROPFEMALE > , Make Christmas come sooner !!! 
I have a little laugh when I see everyone posting \Class :( ' ... I don't start class until the 30th and I probably get out before most of everyone !!! And for people going into college this should be fun to start a new year and new classes !!! " 
I just can't believe that I m almost in college ! I thought this day would never come and now it is here ! It is a little weird . But I love the new stuff I got for my room . Thanks SO MUCH < PROPFEMALE > Hershberger !!! 
I am so weak ! I just watched Tarzan the movie . And I cried !!! I am such a wimp !!! 
I love how people surprise me . I think of them in one way and something is said or done and it changes the way I look at them forever . I am in awe at the people in my life . Thanks go out to all who are in it !!! You make it worth living ! :) 
Life is sometimes to shocking to deal with . Sometimes I just want to sleep life away , because my dreams are better than reality . 
\Maybe it's true\ 
New school , new people , new friends and new rooms . It is cool and exciting but weird and scary all at the same time ! I hope it is always this fun . Expect there is a lot of walking but I am getting used to it . 
Having so much fun at Grand View !!! First football was yesterday and We won !!! 28 to 0 it was totally awesome ! I can't wait for classes to start tomorrow !!! I also had so much fun last at < PROPMALE>'s place ! I loved watching the game of Skittles !!! That was funny ! Woot !!! I love this place I hope everyday is as good as this weekend !!!! 
College is going great . Classes started today ! It was so Awesome !!!! 
I love the rain and I am glad that it cooled off , but I HATE squeaky shoes !!! They drive me crazy ! 
Classes are going great I don't have a lot of homework ... for now . But I got sick . I have a horrible cough and I hate it . It feels like I am dying ! I hope I don't get anyone else sick ( I would feel really bad !!! ) and I really hope I get better . 
So , everyone is going home this weekend and I was going to stay but if no one is going to be here with me I don't think I want to stay . I still haven't made up my mind yet but I am leaning to going home . What is everyone's opinion ? I have until 11 tomorrow to make up my mind . 
I love when my little nephew says my name ! It is the cutest thing in the world !!! I love my little nephews and niece ! I can't wait until < PROPFEMALE > has another one !!! I still say she is having to . I prayed to God . He will make it happen ! 
I may have a smile on my face but I am always crying . Crying out for someone to listen . Crying out for someone to hold . Crying out for someone to tell me it will get better . Crying with tears running down my face . But everyone says you're so happy , or you're so strong . D*mn , I should be an actress if I am this believable . 
Sometimes I feel that I get more into the movies I play for my two year old nephew . So ... right now I am watching < PROPMALE > and laughing because he is playing upstairs with his mom while I am down stairs watching < PROPMALE > ..... By the way .... did anyone know < PROPMALE>'s voice is a African American ?!? 
Volleyball was fun . But I am soooo tired . I don't want to wake up tomorrow and I haven't even fell asleep yet . I hurt already . I really don't want to know how I am going to feel tomorrow . 
Where is the guy that just knows what to say and when to say it ? Where is the guy who loves me for me ? Where is the guy that knows all my wrongs and makes them right ? Where is the guy that holds me when I am crying and instead of asking for answers he just holds me ? Where is the guy of my dreams ? Sometimes I feel there is no guy that is the guy . 
Feeling down . Need someone to talk too . Text me if you can be my shoulder to cry on . I hope I get out of this mood soon . 
Keep it in Knudsen !!! Vote for @ < PROPFEMALE > VanderSchel and @K -Den TheRagin Bronzynski !!! Voting is in the Student Center Tuesday 9/21 Ten to Two !!! 
GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEewoot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 11 I am so F***ing excited !!! Everyone should be watching this !!! 
I love it !!!! It is going good tonight . I am chilling with < PROPFEMALE > Hearn , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fleshner , and < PROPFEMALE > Lowery . It is so FUNNY !!!!!! LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL . Everyone should be hanging in my room ! It is so fun !!! 
.... When is my school break coming ?.... And I need a break from life ? Who wants to help ?! 
I am totally a awesome fan !!! I am sitting in the rain to watch the game ... also freezing my butt off !!! 
My day ... didn't wake up until 10 . Ate McDonald's then ate lunch at 12 . When to the game at 1 . Ate again at 5 . Went to church at 6:30 . Watched some boys play basketball after the church service . Then that brought me to the pancakes at midnight . After pancakes I played some Rock Band !!! Woot ! I think everyday should be like this !!! 
I got a nap today and I still feel tired ! I need more sleep I say NAP tomorrow !!! 
I want to show this world why I believe what I believe , I\ 
want to shine a light and let them see what I have seen . \ 
It’s not enough to testify with words , Reach out in love and\ 
the message will be heard . \ 
This is a call to\ 
action to make the world a better place in His holy name ! \ 
Reach out and heal the broken feed the hungry , clothe the\ 
poor that’s what Love is for !!! – Call to action by Dutton !!! 
I want to show this world why I believe what I believe , I want to shine a light and let them see what I have seen . It's not enough to testify with words , Reach out in love and the message will be heard . This is a call to action to make the world a better place in His holy name ! Reach out and heal the broken , feed the hungry , clothe the poor that's what Love is for !!! -- Call to Action by Dutton !!! 
I love being HIGH on LIFE !!! Man , God is good and I am glad he put the most wonderful and coolest people in my life !!! I am glad he has giving me everything I need !!! What else could I need or want ?!? 
Life is a crazy , silly , scary , exciting , sometimes sad , and happy roller-coaster ride ; but knowing that I have wonderful people in my life to ride this crazy , silly life with me makes it all worth it ! ~ Thanks Everyone for being there ~ :) <3 
I just hate it when I truly find out that life sucks and never goes the way I want ... Why can't I just be happy ??? When do happy endings EVER happen ?!?!?! 
Just sitting here thinking what should I do with my life ... Then I think why not just wing it !!! :) 
BLAH .... I don't know , so I am just going to wing it for the rest of the week . Woot for spur of the moment !!! Let's make some plans for the week people ! :) 
:( .... sometimes life just isn't the way it is suppose to be ... I hope things get better .... 
Everything and nothing is on my mind .... And I am oddly ok with that !!! :) 
I really wanted to update my status but I really don't know what to say ... But I guess this is an update ... so it's all good ! 
Sitting in my room chillin ' waiting for < PROPFEMALE > Hearn to get out of class at 1 so we can wait for < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fleshner to get out at 2 so we can have lunch at Stacks ... And I really wish the one guy I really like would just like me back !!! All I want is to < PROPFEMALE > out and maybe date him ... Ugh ... Why can't life go the way I want ... I hope that waiting it out will make it worth it one day . 
OMG !!!! I just had to walk on first floor Knudsen !!! It was one of the weirdest things I had to do ... I had to get something from the printer and forgot my keys and had to walk on the first floor to get back to the second floor ... BTW the first floor is the boys ' floor , for those of you who don't know . \ 
SO glad that no ones door was open and that < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Fleshner was with me ! 
Iowa win + Nebraska win = Happy < PROPFEMALE > !!!! I am watching the Iowa game and Nebraska game with < PROPFEMALE > Hearn !!!! Woot if both teams win !!!! And they better .... 
Is it sad that I have like 30 ring tones that I put on my phone , but I still don't know what to set my ring tone as ? 
WHY ?!?!? The Grand View Website needs to work .... I really need to register for my classes !!! UGH !!! :( 
My life is like a movie going by slowly and sometimes I feel like there just isn't going to be a happy ending ... 
If ' its and buts ' where ' < PROPFEMALE > and nuts ' we would all have a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas .... LOL !!! The Big Bang Theory !!! 
Sitting in Government class and hating every minute of it ... I can't wait for Thanksgiving break ... only eight more days ... Ugh ! It should come faster . 
Has no one to talk to ... And hates sitting in class ... Ugh Thanksgiving needs to come faster !!! 
Can't believe that the government teacher made us have class today . There was like half the class gone Ugh ! Classes ... I can't wait for Wednesday ... No school for five days ... Can not wait !!!! 
I am in the world were I think one thing and everyone else has already done it . OR I do one thing and everyone says that it is uncool . Stupid world ... Guess what ! I don't care what you think , say or do . I am my own person and I am going to do what I want and I am going to live as if there is no tomorrow . SO TAKE THAT WORLD !!!!! I AM AWESOME !!!!! And you can just go away ! So HA ! In your face !!! 
is really really bored in Government Class . I wish I wasn't sitting in the class right now . 
Ugh !!! Why is facebook so addicting and homework so not ?!?! I really need to get some work done but totally don't want to ..... Sad Face .... UGH !!!! Stupid homework .... 
\Tell the devil I said hey when you get back to where your from\ " < PROPMALE > Mars - Grenade " 
Why are all the guys I like way out of my league or taken .... I just want one to like me back .... Ugh !!! Where is that right one ?!?!.... * sigh * I guess I am just going to have to wait .... * sad face * waiting ... :( 
Nine counties , Three hours , forty-eight song all to get to one place * sigh * home . It is so good to be back in the home town of Sutherland !!! :) And it was awesome hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > tonight ! 
Sometimes I just wish there was background music to my life ... I think an epic song would be playing right now ... The reason ... Because I AM EPIC !!!!!! That's right !! LOL 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! One of the best parts of today is that this morning my wake up call was my little nephew jumping on me saying \ < PROPFEMALE > has been here ! < PROPFEMALE > has been here !! \ " Awe the happy moments in life . :D " 
I wish you were my homework so I could do you on my desk - Faith Jalas ... LOL all the times in the world and I love the ones I get to spend with my friends ! :) Thanks guys !!! :D 
Today , I got to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Miller ... Today was a good day ! :D LOL !!! 
Is the facebook thing real or is it just a scam ? I mean I don't think that the message is from < PROPFIRST > Zuckerberg .... It seems really weird .... I think it is a scam so I am not going to send it . I mean there are other ways to check if someone is inactive on facebook and those that aren't . 
My heart jumps just a little when I hear your ringtone on my phone ... I let it play out so I can hear the end ... But when it stops and I send the message back ... I wonder if your heart jumps too ... Or if it is just me being weird ... Sometimes I just have to wonder ... 
Needs either something to do or someone to talk to .. Ugh so bored !!! * sigh * 
First day back is done and it went pretty well . I just hope we get a \snow day\ " tomorrow ... It will feel like High School all over again . :) " 
\I think I would do anything for free stuff\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Fleshner ... Lol !!! :D " 
My ready is going to kick your ready ' butt !!! ... It was just on a commercial and I thought it was a good line :) And it's true your ready is going down !!! 
So this class was pointless . All we are doing is working on a paper ... I could have done this in my room and not even had to walk outside . Ugh .... I just wish I was in my room . I can't wait for my next class . 
I always wondered what college life was like and now that I am here it's kinda pointless .... Maybe I need more friends .... I guess that's one more to add to the list . 
Just watched a guy adjust his strings on his hoodie to make them even . It made me smile :) I think it was awesome . 
Today has been a good day . I had to help a group with a project while they were giving it in class , which was funny . I also had my history class canceled for the second time this week !!! It is a pretty good day . I hope it keeps up !!! :) 
F *** my life !!! I lost my ipod ... it is probably broken were ever it is .... And I just broke my f***ing chair !!!! Ugh !!! I guess this proves that one good day is evened out with a bad day .... UGH !!!! 
I maybe bad but I am perfectly good at it ! 
Doesn't know what is on my mind anymore . I think there needs to be a little change in my life ... How in the hell am I going to change ? I don't know , but I am going to find a way . 
I love that you make me fell like I'm in love . You , on the other hand , I can take or leave . 
life sucks ... yep that is pretty much my feelings right now .... all those who are happy and in love ... I hate you ... peace !!! 
Thank you , people who make up the holidays , for making me feel like no one loves me ! And for those who are in love ... f*ck you ! Hope you have a great day . :) 
I am really wishing that one of my high school friends were here ... I could just really use a hug right now . 
Way to go Grand View basketball team !!! That was a good game and so intense !!! :) 
Singing Char with my awesome roommate Haleigh Munson ... It's scary how much we have in common . LOL !!! It's pretty good night . 
Sometimes I wish she was still here . Here to talk to me and listen to me . Here to hold me when things are good and bad ... Here to sing that embarrassing song she made up that has my name in it ... Why did she have to leave me so early .... I miss you so much , Mom ... I love you !!! 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......!! 
It isn't that I'm not a people person , I'm just not a stupid people person . :) 
If you knew that I was going to die tomorrow , what would be your last words to me ? 
Yep .... Life .... 
If the police car is going faster than you are ... There is something wrong .... 
I wish it was spring break !!!!! I only have four more days !!! I cant wait !!! 
Sibling war ! Copy and paste this if you are the best and smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without your brothers and sisters protesting , it is so 
Sitting at my desk , drinking milk out of a coffee mug . Yep I feel pretty special .... And thanks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for making my day better ! Love you lots !!! 
UGH !!! 48 hours can not go fast enough !!! .... All I want is it to be Friday .... I can't wait to get out of here for a whole week !!! 
Is having a totally AWESOME day !!!! 
I didn't know how fake < PROPFEMALE > Wars was until I sat down and watched it ..... All I got to say is wow ! 
you can make a boy man-up but you can't make him a man . 
When your a winner , go to dinner !!! :) 
Is about to leave this stupid and pointless class .... Ugh !!! And then people wonder why I don't like other people ..... 
Stupid smart phone and turning off when I told you too ! ugh stop it !!! 
Three papers done !!! Woot ! And one of them isn't even due until April ! And it is only Saturday ! I am so awesome !!! 
has decided that she needs more friends at college ... UGH !!!! I am so bored right now ! 
Floor smells like smoke and bear cans in the trash can ... OMG people ! At least try to cover it up !!! 
My day just got awesomer !!! and yep I just made-up that word !!! :) 
