Did the easter < PROPFEMALE > see his shadow ? Wait , whats today ? 

needs untraceable cell phones for mafia wars ! Please help ! 
\in my life why do I smile at people who I'd much rather kick in the eye \"" 
Happy Canada day to all my Canadian Facebook friends and family ! :) 
To all my friends that dont play Mafia Wars , sorry for the stuff that posts . You can click on the top right of the post to hide comments from Mafia wars . Please dont hide me though , I swear , I do post other good stuff !! 
Happy Fourth of July !! 
I had not really though about this < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > thing too much , since it confuses me , with the good little < PROPFIRST > and the old creepy < PROPFIRST > and all , but I just saw someone talking about \The Wiz\ " and i got sad . That was one of my first favorite movies as a " 
just got back from a family reunion ( Lars moms side ) and is trying to drink enough to prepare for the block party at < PROPFIRST > Lillys . Is there enough alcohol to prepare for that ? 
\You dont have to tell me I dont have much in my life But take it - its yours \"" 
What kind of fuckery is this ? 
I am going to start to get rid of a lot of the apps that I use . I have just been getting too many viruses on my computer and I cant seem to solve the problem . I'm starting with Farmtown , so please do not send gifts to me with that app . Its nothing personal against anyone , I just need to simplify . Thanks . 
My new profile pic is me and my cousin < PROPMALE > Owens . Notice his super-cool Dukes of Hazzard T-shirt ! LOL . His kids are now older than us in this picture . 
will absolutely not be cheering for the Eagles this year !!!! My fave team has been the Packers since the early 90's anyway , but living here , I used to root for the Eagles as well . No more !!!! Disgusted , ugh . 
will not be back on line until tomorrow . Could use my mom's laptop but laptops drive me crazy ! Be back tomorrow ! 
Mom to the rescue , she came up to < PROPFEMALE > out for the night and brought her laptop !! Yay ! 
finally got her computer back tonight ! It seems to be fixed ... 
Just a reminder for all my friends that dont play mafia wars : If you dont want to see the posts from it , you can click on the right and hide mafia wars without hiding me or my other posts .... For those of you in my mafia family , please check out my profile < PROPFEMALE > . There should be two jobs that are still open :) 
Bedtime now , really hoping tomorrow will be a better day ... 
is away from her computer ... she can only get on-line for a few minutes here and there . I promise to respond to everyone once I get home . 
is home now ... I cant think about anything else except how excited I am to see the new House tonight !!! 2 hrs of House in a mental hospital , its going to be awesome ! 
ooh , chinese food is here , be back later everyone ! 
going to eat , be back later .... 
is really sick . Finally made it to the doctor today , and its the swine flu and pneumonia ! I dont remember the last time I felt this bad . I cant hardly move , I cant stop coughing ... If it gets any worse , I have to go to the hospital , they say .... It really sucks not being able to smoke ! Then again it really sucks having a hard time breathing too ! WTF ??? I barely even leave the house , how did I get this ???? 
To all of my Family and Friends that DO NOT PLAY MAFIA WARS : If you would prefer NOT seeing all the Mafia Wars posts and there are many , just go to one of the Mafia Wars posts , hover/click on the upper right hand side of the post . You'll see an ... option to \Hide Mafia Wars . \ " Just click it and it will completely free up your wall space from all my Mafia Wars posts " 
WOOOO-HOOOOO VIKINGS !!!!! 
was so disappointed after last nights game , I just had to go to bed when it was over . Boo hoo , sniff sniff , but congrats to the Saints . It was a good game . By the way , have any of my other football girls noticed what a fine specimen of a man that < PROPFIRST > Peterson is ??? I kept telling Lars but he just didnt get it . 
RIP J . D . Salinger 
If you got a friend suggestion from me , please add her to your mafia . She is a daily player and a friend that needs to grow her mafia . Thanks ! :) 
is away from her computer and hates using her phone for internet ... 
egg farts are the worst 
is on her way to michigan . 
thank you everyone for all the bday wishes ! it means a lot :) 
wishes she could be in two places at once ! 
wonders why the place that is always the most like home is my car . When I was younger , it was by choice , now its seems like its just meant to be . Is there such a thing as meant to be ? 
\But now\ 
going back to michigan tomorrow ... 
on the way to MI again ... 
is not really MIA , just in MI ... 
I bought a set of wings that I couldn't use\ 
I bought them in a store on the avenue\ 
I didn't mean to spend all the cash I had\ 
The second that I saw them I wanted them bad\ 
\ 
When I got home and I tried them on\ 
I noticed that the wingspan was way too long\ 
I couldn't take them back there was no return\ 
I should've gotten more I was feelin ' burned\ 
Gee Angel won't you take these back ? \ 
Gee Angel , Gee Angel I need some slack 
sugar ... 
i think mr. positivity and i had a falling out for today , mr. negativity wont leave me alone though ! 
im so lazy today that eating seems like a < PROPMALE > inconvenience , i mean , i have coffee .... anyway , i want one some of those pills from < PROPMALE > wonka , with the whole dinner ... of course it needs perfected . 
really needs something different and good to listen to , any suggestions ? Help me my friends ... 
just spent a bunch of time in Michigan and whenever i passed the Detroit/Flint area i would see the signs , 8 mile rd , lol . i think 7 mile and 9 mile got the shaft . 
have you ever saved somone's life ? its not a feel-good thing like one might think . its a responsibility and its scary . the relief is small compared to all the what-ifs that can run through your mind . im grateful i was there , dont get me wrong , but im always surprised at how i never feel what i would have expected when difficult situations arise . 
really needs a new place to live soon , any suggestions for cheap places ? 
needs to choose different memories to think about , change my perception of my external circumstances , and internally , put the pieces back together again ... is that enough for one day ? 
is visiting mom :) 
just got back from visiting my mom , uncle , and grandfather . Pop is so sweet , he usually thinks I'm someone named < PROPFEMALE > , who I guess was his sister ? ( a little help , family ? ) but he always smiles back at me when I smile at him and thats enough for me . 
COMCAST SUCKS ! I HATE COMCAST ! COMCAST SUCKS ! I HATE COMCAST ! COMCAST SUCKS ! I HATE COMCAST ! COMCAST SUCKS ! I HATE COMCAST ! COMCAST SUCKS ! I HATE COMCAST ! COMCAST SUCKS ! I HATE COMCAST ! COMCAST SUCKS ! I HATE COMCAST ! COMCAST SUCKS ! I HATE COMCAST ! COMCAST SUCKS ! I HATE COMCAST ! 
should probably proof-read her posts and messages for errors .... but life is just too short . 
Imagine my delight when my friend , who lives far , far away , discovers something unlike anything he has ever heard before : Jello Biafra , and says \Beautiful \"." 
< PROPFIRST > Pataki feigning outrage over building a Mosque near the ground zero is funny to me . They should build a Mosque on ground zero , with a Synagogue , a Church , and a Pagoda with a Starbucks . A U.N. of the Godhead's on ground zero . Use as a place to advance religious tolerance as opposed to ranting about a Mosque being built four blocks away where we were reminded of the limitations of Bronze Age thinking . CK Maguire 
have you ever had a time where it seems like every mechanical or electrical thing you get near goes haywire ??? do you think its just coincidence or do peoples mind , energy , whatever you want to call it , really have the ability to affect these things without us even knowing ? ( no , mom , i'm not off my meds ) 
Fiber One bars should come with a warning . Even though I found some that are really good and taste like a peanut butter oatmeal cookie , one should not consume too many in one day . I will let you imagine why , while I go to the bathroom . 
\racing heart 
looked at apartments today . 
is so sick of people that judge without even understanding what they are talking about . Try educating yourself more and judge less . Leave you high-horse at home ! 
Just put in application for a new place today . I should know within 5 days or so if I get it . I really hope I do !!!! 
I love the way my dog , < PROPFEMALE > ( a pitbull from the SPCA ) loves people so much when that when they pet her or give her attention , she flops down on the floor in the most ungraceful of ways and sometimes even pees just a little bit . Adopt your animals . Its so worth it ! 
decided against making daiquiris and took a nap instead . Does that mean I'm old ? 
I got the apartment I wanted !!!!!!! YAY !!!!! 
move-in date is Sept . 12th !!!! 
wants at least one night without weirdo , freaky , disturbing dreams ! 
found my first grey/white hair today :( \ 
On a good note , I got a really great haircut and got to spend time with my mom ! 
only 9 nights and 10 days till I move . 
Why is it that someone can run you into the ground , kick you while you are down , make fun of you , be all around extremely vicious , and then wonder why you don't have the energy to go to the grocery store the next day ? 
back to the countdown , 9 nights and 10 days . 
8 more nights and 9 more days 
8 days 
7 days 
who the hell is Snooki ??? 
6 days ! 
5 days 
wont have the time for much facebook in the next few days . 
loves her new place !!! 
got a scented candle that is also supposed to eliminate odors . Im confused , how does it know that poop is an odor , but lavender is a scent ??? 
No more movies for me . I sat here and watched one and cried ! By the end I was totally crying ??? I dont cry from movies , what wrong with me ??? Wtf ? 
after a very long day , is going to bed . Now . Goodnight all . 
bullshit !! who paid off these refs ???? 
beautiful ! 
:( 
boo . oh well seeing < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Driver hugging got me all sentimental . I will massage that leg < PROPFIRST > ! 
is excited to see her mom tomorrow , even if we just end up hanging out at the laundromat . 
Put\ 
this on your status if you know someone/are related to someone who \ 
suffers from being a Cowboys Fan . Being a Cowboys Fan is a real \ 
disorderand should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for \ 
CF and sympathy does not help . But we can raise awareness . 90% of \ 
... Cowboys fans ......... wont repost this bc they dont know how to ...... \ 
copy and paste 
I try so hard to be a positive and caring person . It somehow always ends up with me getting disappointed . There have been a handful of people lately that hurt me pretty bad . Maybe if I was a mean miserable jerk , it would be easier , but that just isnt me . By the way if you are reading this than I am not talking about you . These people are not my facebook friends . 
needs a nap ! 
yummm , hot apple cider with freshly ground cinnamon and nutmeg , and a little bit of capt . morgans . perfect nightcap . 
3 Years old : my mom is the best ! 7 years old : Mom I love you . 10 years old : Mom whatever ... 17 years old : OMG my mom is so annoying . 18 years old : I wanna leave this house . 35 years old : I wanna go back to my mom'shouse . 50 years old : I don't wanna lose my mom . 70 years old : I would give up everything for my mom to be here with me .. Post this on your wall if you appreciate your mom . ? 
YES , i just perfected my homemade coffee , mocha , frozen blended thing !! Too bad its almost winter . 
Is it just me or does retail make Christmas seem more and more surreal each year ? I walked into the CVS today and its Christmas there already !? I was just there last week for halloween < PROPFEMALE > . 
nap time 
Just about a week until I get my new < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Is dreaming during sleep necessary ? There should be a pill that makes you not dream , or at least not remember that you did . 
\Ritual is what happens when we run out of rational\ " Dr. House " 
is getting my < PROPFEMALE > today !!! Its weird , I know its a < PROPFEMALE > and not a baby but still , I have had this nesting thing going on . lol . I cleaned more this morning than I have in two weeks ! Pics to follow ... 
loves her new < PROPFEMALE > ! He's so friendly and inquisitive already . I thought it would take longer since he was born in a barn and just got here today ! He loves to cuddle and keeps trying to climb inside my shirt when I hold him ! <3 
was awake before the sun came up today since someone decided it was a good time to < PROPMALE > his tail right by my head . Now Im up and he's back asleep ! lol ! 
got a < PROPFEMALE > that doesnt meow . its been 3 days and I've seen him open his mouth and it looks like a meow but either no sound comes out or its a barely audible squeak . He does purr a LOT though and he loves to cuddle ! :) 
new < PROPFEMALE > = 1/2 mg less klonopin per day 
Hurley taught me how to play fetch last night :) He did it for over an hour straight , jumping up on the couch and dropping his little mouse right by my lap every time ! 
Could someone send me some Slayer or something , because it seems like everything else I listen to makes me cry ??? 
took Hurley to the vet this morning and found out that he is actually a she !!! \ 
LMAO ! 
is starting to look like the elephant man from an abcessed tooth ... oral surgery coming soon ... ugh . 
needs suggestions for a name for a GIRL < PROPFEMALE > . Since I found out I actually had a girl , Hurley just doesnt seem to fit anymore . 
Though I really liked the idea of changing the name to Herley , I have finally decided on a name . For real this time . Its < PROPFEMALE > ( as in < PROPFEMALE > from the Odyssey ) , as soon as I heard it , I loved it . Thanks Wirdy ! :) 
She likes < PROPFEMALE > , Loopie for short , now if I could just get her to stop trying to eat my hair ... 
Got a new phone and I'm not smart enough to use it , lol . I need a phone tutor ! 
is having a battle of wills with a monster of a < PROPFEMALE > right now ... guess who is winning . 
“Sometimes I lie awake at night , and ask , ' Where have I gone wrong ? ' Then a voice says to me , ' This is going to take more than one night . ' ” \ 
< PROPFIRST > M . Schulz 
is so sick of being sick ! Went to the doctor over a month ago for bad muscle pains and weakness . They did tests and arent exactly sure whats causing that but they did find even more stuff wrong with me . Now more blood tests , more doc appointments , ughhh .... oh , and dentist tomorrow to schedule oral surgery . Just shoot me now . 
going to the U of P dental school tomorrow . Anyone have any experience there ? Hopefully good ? 
BOO ! GO GREEN BAY !!! 
Aww , he's limping , should we electrocute him ? 
YES !!! 
YAY PACKERS !!! WOO HOO !! 
Damn you facebook ! I resisted and resisted this new profile thing and now you forced it on me ! 
my cousins are going to kill me for tagging them in my profile pic ... hehehehe ... 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : If you comment you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours be a good sport .... 
Dr. House rules ! 
My cat is out of her mind today . Oh , and apparently now this is her apartment and I just live in it . 
OK . Experiences in training a cat ... \ 
equipment : one spray bottle to deter bad behavior and one bag of treats to reinforce good behavior . \ 
status : spray bottle almost empty , bag of treats unopened . 
yay !! 
Who wants to guess how long it takes < PROPFIRST > boy in the background to start crying ? 
:) 
woo hoo ! 
loving it ! 
terrible half-time show . I'd rather see < PROPFEMALE > Jacksons boob . 
YES ! 
YAY PACKERS !!! 
I was about to clean the window but I think the little kitten paw prints are cute and they make me smile so I left them . 
Watched The Social Network last night . Much different than I thought it would be ... In a good way . Loved it . Definitely worth watching , I think . 
Thank you my friends ... \ 
::D epression is not a sign of weakness , it is a sign that you have been trying to be strong for too long . Put this on your status if you or someone you know has had depression . Will you do it and leave on your status for at least an hour ? Most people wont , but it is mental health week and 1 in 3 of us will suffer from depression at one point in our life . ::: 
My phone is not working , ugh ... 
yay ! my phone is working again , I dont have to be mad at < PROPFEMALE > , it wasnt her fault after all . Yes , the cord it chewed , but its fixed with electrical tape and my phone is fully charged . Just needed a re-boot , go figure . 
What happens if you get pulled over for having expired inspection stickers ? It expired at the end of Feb . Getting it done this week but just wondering if I should risk driving anywhere or not ... 
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind . ” Dr. Seuss 
I remember when I used to laugh a lot . 
is trying not to spend so much time on facebook . 
Just swallowed the spider to catch the fly . 
Ugh ! Ran out of benedryl , probably won't be sleeping tonight . 
insomnia 
