tired of working but i am goimg to make that money . some people don't have a job so i will try not to complain 

why is it the more you try to do what is right the more shit you have to put up with . now i see why people do what they do tired of all the bullshit 
try to live life to the fullest and make a better me 
today just relaxing thanking God for the strength he gives me to do what i have to do to do and for give me the strength to belive in me 
i was talking to a friend today and she let me know that an old friend has passed away . death is not a bad thing it is the one thing that we were promise . it is only sad when we go so early in life . to all my friends and family know yourself become who you are meant to be and live life like it is you last . love you all and stay blessed 
my grandmother is 81 that is such a blessing happy b day granny love you 
in life we take things for granted not knowing how long we have with each other . intil you are face with your own time running out only then do you truly understand life itself and how little time we actually have so love one another . 
so much darkness but that is ok i will just trying to wait for the breaking < PROPFEMALE > so then i may shine again . like the fire bird from the ashes i will rise 
hey fb fam just chilling today trying to relax and not let life get to me . I cant really complain because i am blessed i have a wonderful family and friends and a good job that pays the bills and some so I am more then blessed i am charmed 
up early this morning about to take care of some biz . hope everybody has a blessed and wonderful day 
hello fb up and ready to roll with today . cant belive i am going to say that i am ready to go back to work kind of miss lol something is wrong with me lol 
At work working a double well the whole 3 shift is lol trying to enjoy what i can 
just got off from working my 2nd double in a row but it is all good going to make that money lol 
get ready to prepare for another long night at work and trying to figure out were to take a good long nice vacaction after all is said and done 
just happy and thankful that everything turned out the way i hoped and want to say thanks to me support team it is so nice to know that you are loved no matter what the odds are and if youare reading this then you know what i am talking about thanks again for getting me throught these last 3 weeks 
In a great mood today everything is looking up . and things are finally starting to make sense life is like a book just when you think think it cant get any better it do 
its funny how people come around when they need you but when you are in need its you against the world . dame its a good thing that i am growing stronger each day and starting to learn to stand on my own or i would be lost like some other sad souls 
Its hard sometimes to deal with life and its suprise as well as it let downs . I just try to remeber that the mission is the only thing that matters . what i do to get were i need to be . and if i can still stomach how i got their 
you know it is hard to know which path is the right path to be taking . just like in life the roads are hard with a lot o twist and turns . sometimes you can see clear as day and same times the rain can be too much . lol thats life i guess 
in life we have choices . some hard and some real easy to make . yet we tend to stress over things that don't matter . i am finally making the choice to let the world solve its on problems and start to make sure my own back yard is clean before i run off and play superman with other people life ( help others fix their issues ) you can't save the world only yourself . 
thanks for all the happy b day my twin and i had agood time and i hope everyone has a happy labor day 
Had a great time a church and took in a lot have a lot to think about God is so good 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANTED YOU THERE ! I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO FAMILY . LET'S SEE WHO ON MY FRIENDS LIST ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY & PASTE THIS AS YOUR STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES CHER ... ISH FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE\ 
:) 
why when you try to help people out they turn on you like a snake in the grass thats ok i will just get the matches and lite a fire under that ass 
well here we go its about that time to make them promise to yourself about what you are going to do . how about this time we just do it and leave the dreaming and false hope to those who cant instead we will be strong and conqure all of what we set out to this new year we will be about change not talk about it 
feeling some kind of way today ........... 
wow went to church today and had a great time just what i need to hear food for the soul 
How many of us really know all the people on our fb list ? Heres a task for yall . I want all of my fb friends 2 comment on this status of how u met me ! After you comment copy this on your status so i can comment on you too . You will be amazed at what people say . 
I know they say sharing is caring . but i don't think they ment our germs . feeling like a bus hit me someone help 
people are a trip they only call you when the need you . how about beening a true friend and call just to say hi i was thinking about you ? or how are you doing today ? not can you help me with this or with that . or my all time number one can i hold something you are all i got . Mothers%$#% need to learn the < PROPMALE > of being a true friend 
Here I lay naked on the floor . My wounds open for the world to see . \ 
With a crush soul and broken dreams . Holding on tight . What is left \ 
Of my integrity . With a sudden breeze . A voice whispers to me . \ 
It calls out to me . Rise and seek to become undeceived by the power within\ 
Me , But to rise and take my place amongst the Kings . So shall I rise in sudden \ 
Victory . 
so piss right now cant call or see who is calling . cant even answer the dame phone total black out 
cant sleep what the hell is wrong with me smh 
still wide awake help 
its amazing how you think something or someone doesnt hold anymore power of you and then you find out your wrong . i guess moving on from you mistakes is alot harder then we think smh head here we go round 3 or 4 tired mentally and emotionally take nap and you still left with being f*&^ing drained 
another sleepless night third one in a row . dame what is wrong with me ? 
