Is it really only 9 p.m. ? Do I really have to stay up a whole ' nother three hours to get my midnight New Years kiss ? Damn it . 

You know ? It's amusing when you try and eat pizza and you keep hitting your < PROPFEMALE > . Yay for celebrating the new year and it's happiness to come . 
my betta fish Saphira died yesterday ( I bawled like a two year old and was depressed all day ) , our car is having transmission problems , and we are broke . Bad day . God will take care of it . 
Yay !!! We get our own toilet fixed that I broke three months ago by flushing my phone down it ! Now we don't have to use our roommates ! I\M PUMPED !!! " 
Hey all , some wedding photos are FINALLY in an album . Take a look ! 
I love my husband to death , but he needs to stop spending so much money . ARGH !!!! 
Replacement for new Crowntail Beta fish : $7.00 \ 
Basic food restock of refrigerator : $45.00 \ 
Brand new transmission for 2004 Dodge Stratus : $ 2,333 + tax\ 
Knowing God will provide : Priceless 
So , apparently I can cook pancakes over a campfire on uneven heat in the wilderness . But pancakes in my own home ? Nope . I guess I lack the pancake < PROPFIRST > my uncle and grandfather have . OI !!! 
Just saw Sorcer's Apprentice . I DEMAND THAT ALL GO SEE IT !!! despite what you may think , it's very historically accurate , original , well done , and I really enjoyed the physics twist to the \magic\ " . Oh !!! Now you're all curious . GO !!! " 
Um . . . yeah . Our Army Emergency Releif < PROPFEMALE > was disapproved by the commander to receive $ 2,500 to get our new transmission . Hubby is going to the bank right now to see if they will be able to provide a low interest < PROPFEMALE > , but the pre-qualifications said they need further review . I'm nervous , but I need to trust God . Please pray for us ! 
Hey all , could you please pray for us ? Our < PROPFEMALE > application was turned down again by two other banks to get our car back from the transmission place . We need the money to get our vehicle , our only source of transportation . Thanks ! 
wow , that was an intense work out . I don't feel it yet , but . . . ow . . . ow . . . ow . . . 
ah , reminiscing about high school chorale days . . . I miss them terribly ! 
God is flippin ' AWESOM !!!!! < PROPFIRST > went back to the commander about getting that army emergency releif < PROPFEMALE > to get our car back from the transmission shop , and we got it !!!! praise Jesus !!! Lesson learned : even though you may put all in God's hands and trust he will provide , you still have to ask Him for the help . 
One reason we should worship God in all things is because it puts you in a better mood . Especially if you've been cleaning for two hours . 
Wow . . . 4.5 hours of making homemade lasagna and homemade bread . All from scratch . Bread's almost done in the oven , lasagna goes in when guests arrive . . . where's my hubby when I need a foot massage ??!?!!?!?!?! Oh , and I have yet to cut up the watermelon . Anywone wanna join ? 
Does anyone have a cat that when they see their owner's eyes slightly squinted open from being half asleep , they pounce all their ten pounds onto their abdomen/bladder ? 
God will guide your path , but first you must pick up your feet . 
food sounds good . then on to cleaning . . . again . 
okay all , < PROPFIRST > need's prayers . We spent four hours in the ER last night ( most of it was waiting ) because he thought he broke his sternum while stretching . Turns out he has a condition where he has bruising in betwen his ribs , and the cartelage in his sternum is caved in instead of straight . He's in a lot of pain , and we're hoping there is a corrective surgery for this so it doens't get worse . Thanks . 
. . . wow . How can a ten year old have so much wisdom ? Imagine what Jesus was like at this age ! 
Hey all , could you pray that I find a job soon ? I'm getting so frustrated and so discouraged . Statistics are for every avaliable job , there are at least 10 candidates . I'm starting to lose hope . * tear * 
You know , this box asks what's on my mind . Such a simple answer for most people , but those of us gifted with A.D.D. can't think of just one thing to write in such a pretty box . OOOOHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! SHINY ON THE RIGHT !!!!!!!!!!! 
oh doctors , you make my head spin . Dumb doctors , you can't fix a thing . Oh doctors , dumb doctors , you just pass my husband on from the ER to Sick Call to our Health Clinic back to Sick Call , back to the ER . Oh doctors dumb doctors , really Why are you ignoring my husband's chest caving in on his lungs and not offering him the help or the surgery he needs ?!?!?!?!?!?!?! Oh wait , that's because this is the MILITARY ! 
Hey all !!!! Some exciting news !!! Tomorrow at 11 a.m. I have a job interview at Hobby Lobby !!!!!! could you PLEASE pray that I get this job ? I have been searchiing for quite some time and this is my first real interview down here !!!! Thanks ! God is AWESOME !!! 
Hot fudge ? That's what's on my mind . Food ? oh , that too . 
Hey all , my inteview is in an hour , and I'm pretty nervous ! Prayers would be amazing . thanks !! 
Hey all , my interview went well . Hopefully I will hear back by monday !!! Yay !!! 
For some reason , baccon sounds really good right now . 
found ANOTHER brown recluse in the house . NOT GOOD FOR ARACHNIPHOBIA !!!! 
Wow , busy night . Babysitting a friend's 30 pound 8 month old , baking cookies , and trying to stay awake . 
Baby was very adorable , until I had to wipe the poop from his bottom and worry about getting sprayed . Havent ' changed a diper in a few years . Definately made me relize that I'm NOT ready for kids 24/7 . 
Is very upset with the hubby taking himself back to the ER , not allowing me to go , and completely blowing off school . I don't know which I'm more upset with . Not allowing me to go to ask the doctor questions if he needs surgery , or blowing off school when it's only his first two classes ONLINE and he has three years to go . 
Hey all , what are some Bible vs . for anger and irritation ? It seems I've been feeling a lot of those emotions lately , and It's not cool . 
< PROPFIRST > talked to a person who said that they're going to have to break his chest and put steel plates on both sides to fix his chest . OI !!!!!! Don't know anything else . 
PRIASE JESUS !!! I got the job at hobby lobby !!!!!!! I start monday !!!!!!! yay !!!! OH !!! and tonight we are looking at a white < PROPMALE > shepherd to rescue !! 
< PROPFIRST > and I are now pround parents of a white < PROPMALE > shepherd named Castiel . yes , from supernatural . We have a cat named Lilith and a dog named Castiel . If you watch supernatural , I'm sure you are laughing very hard right now . 
I find it amusing that my cat is intently watching shark week with a gleam of hunger in her eyes . 
I find it extreemly amusing that my 13 pound female cat has officially whooped my 65 pound male < PROPMALE > shepherd and has him beat . 
Left the dog alone for the first time . You know those shades that are floor length and you have to turn them to open and close them ? Yeah , we used to have them . 
You know , I think Face Book was invented for the extreemly bored people in this world who have nothing to do . As of now , I am one of them . 
I missed the deadline to sign up for classes due to slow paperwork processing and work . I want to cry . I still haven't started college yet . 
Ah , a nice day off spent cleaning and walking the dog . ( NOT ! ) Talapia tonight for supper with a mixed veggie . Thinking of ways to ease the hubby's depression . Ideas , anyone ? 
is really tired after an 8 hour shift and stuffing herself with Buffalo Wild Wings and watching FOOTBALL for the first time since the super bowl !!!!!!! BOO-YAH !!!! 
Today is the hubby's 23rd Birthday !!! 
Athletes foot . . . the itch that keeps on itching . 
Ah , took Cass out to the tennis courts to see how he would do off the leash . He did as was expected for a first timer . . . and left a nice present for me to clean up . 
watching old friend's videos from high school really makes me wish that I had < PROPMALE > out more and worked less ... I miss it . I miss all the goofyness and hilarity of it all . 
waiting anxiously for my husband to come home from work . Argh . The \kids\ " are waiting for him too . " 
Just went grocry shopping . Came home to a house that was chewed up by dog . No more oven mits , no more game covers , no more milk jug , no more trash . God , < PROPMALE > me < PROPFEMALE > with this dog . Does anyone have any training tips for this ? Chewing , garbage destruction , etc ? All three of us hate swatting him , but It's getting worse ! 
Got back from a long day at work . Had a nasty migraine hit me out of nowhere . OI . 
well , so much for a nice evening/date with the hubby . We planned on going swimming for about a week , and when we both finally have a day off and an evening to do it , the pool is infested with screaming kids and next to no adult supervision . * sighs * so much for our date . 
had a bad day at work . Almost got in a car wreck , had a panick attack , and got written up . All on top of dealing with the usual joys of retail in a store where children love to throw fits . Yay . 
Dog got into the trash agan last night ... twice ... and i caught him chewing < PROPFIRST>'s painkillers for his chest . I need help !! 
Dog ate a pound and a half of bad , raw ground beef . If he gets sick , I'm going to be mad . 
Day off from work . Not wanting to clean or do laundry . Wish my hubby was with me so badly . At least Cass didn't get into the trash last night . 
well ... I guess I should lug those three super heavy full laundry baskets to the laundry facility . Then start cleaning . My back hurts from just the thought of it . 
so , I had JUST got done using furniture polish on the coffee table , right ? Guess who takes a huge drink then comes and drools all over my nice clean piece of furniture ?! 
The dog is officially on my hit list . I was gone only FIVE minutes getting the laundry when he got into the garbage ... AGAIN !!!!!!!!! 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ... ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world ? 
GREEN BAY PACKERS , BABY !!!!!!!!! HECKS TO THE YEAH !!!!!!!!!!! GO FOOTBALL !!!!!! WHOOOOOOOOO 
ohhh , can you say 59 to 24 ? MUUAHAHAHHAAHAHAHAHAHA !!!!!! MY PACK MASSACRED THE COLTS !!!!!! 
Had a horrible day . Stepped on a piece of glass , bled about half a pint , had a fight , and right as I was going out the door to work , we got a notice that we have to get rid of Cass . Apparently his is a \vicious\ " breed . My heart is broken and I'm going to miss my son . " 
Well , cass is gone . Just left with one of sunfish's friends . He's going to a good home . He will have a yard soon , when his new family moves , a new mother who was a vet tech for 6 years , a < PROPMALE > shephered/huskie mix sibling , and lots of love and a new place to run . I'm in tears , but I know down in my heart that it's for the better . I miss my son . 
Had a really good day with the hubby and hanging out with friends all day . YAY !!!! 
hmmm , my ode to classic cheesy tuna helper and cinnamon rolls with nutmeg and orange sweet frosting for dessert .... YOU WILL BE EATEN ALIVE !!!!! 
what is on my mind ? Food ... sleep ... it's my day off and my hubby has to work ... other things ... my cat ... boredom ... you get the picture . 
Rain makes corn , corn makes whiskey . Whiskey makes my baby ... feel a little frisky !!! I miss Illinois weather like crazy !!! 
Vikings against the Saints tonight on Fox ... Sam will be up all night with my screaming and hollering . I'll try to keep it down . 
And when is my husband coming back from work ? Oh , that's right . Not until he's completed a 13 hour work day because the Sergant < PROPMALE > is on a \I'm-a-higher-rank-so-I-can-do-whatever-I-want\ " spree . " 
wow ... work ... long ... tiring ... work ... work ... work ... 
Hubby got a shattered wisdom tooth pulled this morning . He's conked out on Tylenol-3 . Sleeeeeeeep ... 
I like it on the couch 
I find it amuzing that out of all of her toys , my cat likes to play the most with my husband's empty cigarette boxes . 
yummm , best eggs ever ... made in the same pan as bacon grease . Going to eat some yogert then find the will to clean the house . 
7 days until I can see my sister and soon to be brother-in-law !!!! 
why do people post pictures of HUGE spiders on FB ? I HAVE ARACHNIPHOBIA , PEOPLE !!!!!!!! 
It really irritates me that people take up all four dryers in the laundry complex then leave their finished laundry sitting there , taking up all the machines . GRR . Then they'll get pissy because I took their finished , dry clothes out of ONE dryer so I could use the machine to dry our sheets . ARGH !!! 
okay , what's with the commemorates to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ? He was scrutinized as a child molester for years , and now that he's dead , he's a wonderful , amazing , awesome person . Did I miss a meeting ? 
Finally finished cleaning . Except dusting the coffee table . Why does that make me feel guilty ? OI !!! 
wow ! My hubby just made some of the best scrambled eggs I've ever tasted !!! But , alas , he won't tell me what he put in them . xP 
Time to get ready for work . Hopefully there won't be TOO many tempertantrums about < PROPFEMALE > or something they want . Now a days parents just block out children's misbehavior instead of disciplining them . It bugs me . A lot . 
So ... yay for sitting down in a movie theater and you feel a migraine coming on . Yay for resident evil having lots of 3D bright flashlights shinging in eyes , loud explosions , and really messed up depth perception . Yay for crying baby the whole time in the theater ... yay for asperin !!!! 
Off to Mississippi tomorrow for my sister's wedding !!! So excited !!! Pray for safe and ON TIME flights . Thanks !!! 
back home from mississippi . Such a BEAUTIFUL wedding , and things went really well despite wedding drama and a few minor setbacks . Also , had a GREAT weekend partying it up with the fam . Good times !!! 
having a relaxing day after a long trip and busy weekend . I'm debating if I should go to the gym to work off some of that amazing southern cooking that I was introduced to . 
somewhat cleaned the house ... at least the disaster area called the kitchen is back under control ... hmm , I wonder what's for supper ? 
I love my husband . That is all . 
Is it bad that I'm so out of shape that an alternation of 60 calf strains , crunches , girl push-ups , fire hydrants , and running in place has me sweating and out of breath ? Dang , I need to join a sport . 
ya know ? I really really really miss chorale . 
wow ! I've forgotten what a stress releif completely jamming on the guitar and belting a song and getting lost in the music is . I'm surprised that I didn't break a string ! 
Ya know , today was a really awesome day . Got to relax , spend some time jamming for Jesus , release stress , and I can say that I am actually HAPPY !! Not just content or laid back , but actually happy ! Good day . Yay God ! 
We have decided we would like to go to vegas in two years when < PROPFIRST > comes home from deployment . < PROPFEMALE > pinchers , start your engines !!! 
you know what ? 1 ) my husband looks STUNNINGLY HANDSOM in his Class A's 2 ) I'm going to go work out . 
finally !!! The first cool day that signifies fall . Well , hopefully that's what this means down here . 
The best shower is an earned shower . 
Waiting anxiously for my husband to return . Hopefully I'll get to see him before I have to go to work . 
off to work ... no hubby . :( 
At home with the hubby . Long day at work , but the screen door's open , belly's full , candles are glowin ' , and I'm very happy right now . I love my husband ! 
ahh , salmon just about ready to come out of the oven , FINALLY some fall weather , hubby beside me , life is good . 
Ya know , when we were little , we used to think that being forced to take a nap was the worst punishment of all time . Now , if some one forced us to take a nap now a days , we all would gladly comply , snuggle up in the blanket , and greatfully conk out . 
So ... at 11:42 a.m. I'm in the gym doing muscle workout/toning . Guess who calls and asks me to come in at 12:30 ? You guessed it . Didn't have time to cool off , so guess who is REALLY going to be sore ? And stinky ? 
Got done with a good cardio work out . Now off to work . ugh . Need rest . 
< PROPFEMALE > , if you happen to check your facebook status ... I\M COMING !!!!! HOLD ON !!! Love you ! " 
Worked closing shift and now have a 7 a.m. meeting at work ... for two hours ... then go to work at two ... ON A SATURDAY !!!! Fml . 
ugh , just got home from work again ... at least our roommate had an awesome stew of creole fish chowder on the stove . It was delish . I'm better now . 
went to walmart and got some much needed socks and underclothing ... Sam took it like a man and didn't run away from the ladies isle . I\m so proud of him !!! " 
Ahh ... have some dough rising for homemade from scratch French bread , chicken in a salt brine for fried chicken , going to make twice baked potatoes , and can't decide between a steamed veggie or beans . Anyone wanna come over ? There's plenty . 
HELP !!!! BABYSITTING AN INFANT FOR A FEW HOURS AND HE WON'T STOP CRYING !!!! I'VE TRIED EVERYTHING !!! I'M NOT READY FOR KIDS !!! 
ya know that baby I'm baby sitting ? Gave him a bottle of orange juice . burped him , and he puked all over my shoulder . ew . 
You know what ? Life without Christ is like excercising on a treadmill . You can go as fast and high up as you want , but you still never go anywhere . 
Wow . Goes from mid to uper 90's to low 70's for a few days . Now it's back up to mid to high 80's . I thought only Illinois was allowed to do that . 
Gotta love cutting your hand on broken glass at work and having it still bleeding ... over an hour later ... 
How many of us really know everyone on our facebook friend list ? Please comment as to how you know me , then post this and see the answers you will get ! You will be surprised !! 
Is it weird that I'm 20 years old and I'm already thinking about retirement ? 
Does anyone have any sudafed or alkaseltzer ? 
For all you young-uns out there : DO NOT EAT STEAK AND A POTATO AFTER DRINKING ALKASELTZER . Your insides will melt and turn to an acidic paste . Thank you . 
Should probably get ready for work . Ugh . Well , at least it's the butter on the bread . 
Slept well last night , coming from the insomniac . That's going to make a good day . Oh , and I want a roast beef sandwhich . Random enough for anyone ? 
woke up this morning , spent time with my hubby before he had to work , had an awesome work out , did my laundry , doing dishes , then work for me . I'd say today is accomplishing . 
It is official ... I have cleaned and reorganized the house from 1130 a.m. to 5 p.m. Is this how I really wanted to spend my day off ? 
( announcer's voice ) AND THE BLONDE MOMENT OF THE DAY GOES TO : Chick who was talking on her cell phone , speeding , and drove her car right into the traffic circle , dropping the radiator out of her car , flattening the tires , losing a bumper , deploying airbags , etc . Great job , blondie !!! 
and now , an hour and fifteen minutes later , the cop finally shows up ... wow . I wonder when the tow truck will appear so I can get my car out of the parking lot and go to work ? 
And , two hours after a blonde runs over a traffic circle , the car is finally towed . 
Did you hear the new penalty for speeding in Illinois ? \ 
\ 
The first offense they give you Bears tickets and the second offense they make you use them . 
And the Bears lost to the Redskins : 17 to 14 . Pack and the Viks play at 830 ET tonight on NBC . Hmmm , quarterback with a concussion vs quarterback that feels obligated to play ... shall be an interesting evening . 
To all you football fans out there : Go Packers . That is all . 
What irritates me : People in a relationship where one cheats repeatedly for years , with breakups and get togethers , who finally do the right thing to end it , then the MORAL one bitches and moans that they miss the cheater so much that they can't go on . seriously , it hurts but you're doing the healthy thing by moving on to find someone better with the same morals as you and will actually LOVE you . 
Only in Fayetteville is there an idgit who drives down the road for < PROPMALE > completely oblivious that he has his hazard lights on ... at night ... with no hazard . 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know someone who suffers from stupidity . \ 
People need to understand that stupidity is real & should be taken \ 
seriously . You could be sitting next to a sufferer right now or even know people personally . There is \ 
still no known cure for stupidity and sympathy does not help but we can raise awareness . 93% won't copy and paste this because they \ 
don't know how to copy and paste 
I think I shall procrastonate wor < PROPMALE > out . Instead , I think I'll curl up in our < PROPMALE > sized bed with a good book and a glass of milk . Minus the glass of milk , since we're out . 
God provides . 
I love my husband so much . sheesh , I\m such a hopeless romantic . " 
HALLOWEEN TOMORROW !!!! WOOWHOO !!!! Will post pics of my hubby and I as metal heads wearing corpse paint . 
Yay for going to the grocery store , aka walmart , all dressed up in metal t-shirt and corpse paint with the hubby . Yay for stares , averted eyes , comments , and lots of dirty looks . Fun times !!! 
yeah , busy day . Went to the bank , called 911 to report a car accident , paid rent , did some laundry for hubby , got car insurance straightened out , and need to do a few more things when I get a call from my lovely husband saying he's bringing me lunch . Five minutes later , I get a call from work asking I come asap . FML . 
Very long day . Went to work with the hubby for about two hours , then when I got back home to crawl into bed with my book and maybe a catnap , I looked at my phone to set my alarm . It said I had a new voicemail . Voicemail was boss asking I come into work at noon . It was 11:49 . FML . 
. . . wow , my cat likes wheat thins . She took one out of my hand , tried to eat it , found it was too big for her , and now she is in distress . I find this amusing . 
very sleepy ... long day at work ... have worked overtime or close to it three days in a row . Glad tomorrow is my day off . 
Hubby is trying to get a position as a door gunner in his next deployment in the spring or summer ... bitter sweet . 
It's raining , it's pouring , the old man is snoring ! Wait . . . I\m not an old man ! " 
okay , attention EVERYONE : I am planning a HUGE thanksgiving dinner , and everyone who does not have anywhere to go , family , friends , whomever , is more than welcome in our home . Anyone in the barracks who is not on leave is welcome , too . 
Watching the boys play super meat boy and listening to techno music , eating pizza and ice cream . I'd call this a very fine evening !!! 
. . . wow , military doctors are so friggin ' stupid . They sent my husband to an electro heart specialist , a civillian one . The doctor said , \why the heck did they send you to me ? Here's where you need to go . \ " Back to square one . . . again . " 
Anybody know what to get a ten year old sister-in-law ? 
how the f *** does this happen ? The Pack is MURDERING the Cowboys !!!! Someone somewhere is pointing a finger and saying , \you will FAIL !!! At every turn possible !!! \ " Cowboys = FAIL !!!!! " 
You know ? Besides a racist black woman who threatened to hit me and called ME racist because my simple question turned into an accusation of her of stealing ( in her twisted mind ) , today was a good day . 
A Veteran is someone , who at one point in their life , wrote a blank check payable to the United States of < PROPFEMALE > for an amount up to , and including , their life . That is beyond honor , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that fact . Copy and paste ... this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , Love a Veteran , or support the Troops 
Okay , some person gave the soldiers pumpkin pie for thanksgiving . < PROPFIRST > picked up 8 pies , and I baked one last night . the thing is , IT\S LIQUID ?!?!?!?! I have had it in the refrigerator all day . I think it has to do with them not being put in the freezer immediately . Any tips to solidify pumpkin pie ? " 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a Bears Fan . Being a Bears Fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for BF and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of REAL football fans will repost this ...... Simply ... because ........ 
KFC . . . yum ! 
Just spent an AWESOME morning with the hubby . Went out to breakfast , ran errands together , and enjoyed each other's company . I love the married life !!! That on top of having the best husband ever : must give him credit for making the bed this morning , doing ALL the laundry in the house yesterday , and grocery shopping . 
So , let's see ... candle fell in bathroom so there was broken glass everywhere that had to be cleaned up before work , cat threw up on the carpet ... again , oh , yeah , my favorite . I CAN'T FIND THE F ****** CAR KEYS TO GET TO MY 7 A.M. MEETING . So , this will be my third write up and I'm going to get fired today ... Oh , and did I tell ya'll , I've had morning sickeness , mood swings , and cravings for half a week ? FML ! 
Who actually knows me ..? I bet NOBODY can answerall the questions ? Firstname____ Middle name_____ Last name_____Age_____Birthday_____Eyecolor_____ Hair color_____ Nickname_____Favoritecolor_____FavoriteMovie_____ favorite food____ put this as ... your ... status and see who gets it right ! 
I'm SO glad i have tomorrow off of work . I get to sleep in ! I'm thinking I should hit the gym tomorrow . Yeah , it's been a few weeks ... 
Good day . First off , it was a day off . Second off , I was a nerd and went into work anyway to pick up some scrapbooking items . Third off , overtime leaves money in the bank . Fourth off , I had an awesome lunch with the hubby while he was at work . Fifth , I had no idea scrapbooking took up so much time and made your back hurt . :) 
My mother's ( mother figure ) dad died this morning of a heart attack . They were very close , so please pray for < PROPFEMALE > and her family ... It's a huge loss to everyone . 
wow , trueblood is actually quite addicting . I subconsciously speak with a southern accent when we watch it . 
So , yeah . It's almost december and it was in the mid 70's today . It smelled like an Illinois spring storm when I got off of work . I guess there are some perks to living in N.C. Except it was all ruined by city noise and pollution :( 
didn't have turkey , but this thanksgiving was still alright . Definately not looking foreward to all the asshats that are going to destroy the store tomorrow on black friday , or their attitudes , and being on my feet for another 12 hours . 
The three guys are all speaking in scottish accents and telling bar tales . It's actually quite amusing . 
Just worked my first black friday in retail . Thankfully , God let it rain , so it wasn't as hellacious as I thought it would be . Only problem is , I fell for the whole \get to work an hour early or you won't get a parking spot ! \ " lies and was at work from 6:45 a.m. to 7 p.m. I hate my job . A lot . I'm exhausted to the point of nausea . " 
The pack plays atlanta today in about , oh , eighteen minutes . And my husband is playing Assassin's Creed , Brotherhood , so I cannot watch my wonderful Packers slaughter the Falcons . :'( 
Wow , I think our roommate is a better cook than I am . My stomach is thankful , but my mind is going , \what the hell ? \"" 
On to cleaning the apartment within an inch of its life !!!!!! MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
is really excited about going to < PROPFEMALE > garden with her family . 
SO ready for a glorious day off tomorrow !! perhaps I will finish my sister's scrapbook of her wedding for her christmas present , or just stay in bed with a bottle of NyQuil and a glass of OJ , since my friggin ' assigned health clinic is booked at LEAST a week in advance and I can't see a good doctor . All they'll tell me is , oh , you're sick , what drugs do you want ? Um , isn't that THEIR job to decide ? 
I have the best husband in the world . He makes me breakfast in bed when I'm sick ( bacon and eggs cooked in the bacon grease ) , he holds me at night when I'm having nightmares , he's patient with my blondeness , he makes sure I have dinner when I come home from work if the guys ate out , and he is the most loving man I know . How did I get so lucky ? 
So I just went to go check my myspace for the first time in like , three months ... it is SO ghetto . I couldn't even make it past the homepage . 
My cat is obsessed with the color pink . We just gave her a pink mouse and her eyes are so dialated as she's attacking and playing with it , we think she's high . Or maybe it was the catnip . Anyways , my cat is a girlie girl . 
Just used our new coffee pot for the first time ! IT IS AMAZING !!!!!! Thank you hubby for starting up my addiction again ! 
have you ever had a night where you're just feeling down and every joint in your body hurts ? Yeah . One of those nights . 
To all my amazing facebook friends : I love you all , but please keep in mind that I am an hour ahead of you and my husband and I go to bed early due to him waking up at 5:15 every morning for work . Please refrain from texting or calling me after 10 p.m. my time UNLESS it is an emergency . Thanks , I love you all ! :) 
So , the bears are playing the patriots in light snow and fog conditions , while the pack is playing detroit in snow and fog . We shall see who will be destroyed . MAY THE PACK BE VICTORIOUS ! 
wow ... there was actually some white flaky stuff covering the roof of our car when I went outside this morning ... I now believe it is somewhat capable of snowing in southeastern North < PROPFEMALE > . And one of my co-workers said her door was frozen shut so what does she do ? She's an idiot and pours water on her door . People are so stupid down here . 
Ya know ? People just dont't understand the concept of a turn < PROPFIRST > in fayetteville . It just doesn't click . They turn their signal on ( very few of them do ) , hit the breaks , and slow down to about 15 m.p.h. in a 50 m.p.h. zone , then just turn from the fast < PROPFIRST > . What is so hard about it ? It doesn't kill brain cells idgits , not that you have any to worry about . 
So glad my hubby's home ... finally . I missed him so much ! 
\Now let's be men ! \ " \ 
So , here's how rediculous North < PROPFEMALE > is . Remember , Dunlapians , when we hade six feet of snow on the ground , blizzard the night before , and it was -20 below zero and we still had school ? Yeah , in N.C. if there's even a THREAT of winter weather , they close the schools down . There are FLAKES on the ground , not even barely covering the grass , it's RAINING , and school is closed . And part of Ft . Bragg too . 
Hey all , as I'm sure you've read before , we've had some \bad weather\ " down here . Earlier today PFC < PROPMALE > was in a car accident and died after having emergency surgery . Please pray for his wife and family as they are greiving . " 
With the effect that coffee has on me , I will soon be able to pass < PROPMALE > through my colon . Ouch . 
God created humans to be higher than camels . Stop chewing your damn gum like one . 
I love my husband with all of my heart . That is all . 
yay for eggs and toast at 10:30 at night . 
So yeah , our friggin ' neighbors are blasting loud music , screaming , and making all sorts of NOISE and I WANT TO GO TO BED DAMNIT !!! I'M GOING TO CALL THE COPS IF THEY DON'T SHUT UP BY THE TIME I WANT TO SLEEP ! 
I love my husband SO MUCH !!! Not to mention he absolutely SPOILED me today . Instead of christmas gifts on christmas , we exchanged gifts early and our actual christmas present to each other is baking a ham together . I am extreemly loved ! 
Got to love some light cleaning to AC/DC's Back in Black album . 
definately NOT looking forward to spending my day off at the doctor getting multiple shots . Good thing everyone is half the country away from me . I DESPISE going to the doctor . 
spent yesterday running errands . Got a < PROPFEMALE > baked ham and filled the refriderator and freezer for 80 bucks , now have country style beef ribs in the crock pot for tonights supper . Got to get ready for work . Ew . Retail sucks . 
Well , the country style ribs were absolutely a flop . No flavor . Must have been the grade of meat . On a brighter note , my husband bought me a small bottle of Italian champaign to toast to our first Christmas together . 
You know ? It amuses me to no end that I over hear my manager say that we're supposed to get two feet , yes , FEET , of snow by sunday . I look up the forecast and it says 1.3 INCHES . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
First Christmas with my husband . It's wonderful . 
I am SO glad that I will NEVER have to move into a doormroom full of over dramatic females . I'm not pointing fingers , just a movie I'm watching . 
Well , it came a day late , but we have ONE FOOT , repeat , ONE FOOT of snow on the ground . In North < PROPFEMALE > . DONOUGHT TIME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\You know ? I feel sorry for the Jews . \ " \ 
You know ? I am blessed with such an wonderful husband . I appreciate the big things ( like cleaning the apartment ) and the little things ( like helping me snow scrape the car ) he does . He's such a kind and caring and compassionate person . I hope I am as good a wife to him as he a husband to me . 
Did I just hear that ? Green Bay Packers spanked the Giants and beat them 17 to 45 ? WHOOOOHOOOOOO !!!!!! 
I need to buy a blow dryer . Not so I can dry my hair , but so I can point it at my uterus to make these damn cramps go away . It'd be better than any heating pad . 
What's on my mind ? My world has just been turned upside down in a whirl of confusion and hurt . 
Packers beat the bears and we are now in the playoffs . Nothing further . 
Hit the gym this morning for the first time in 3 months , then worked for 8 hours . Ouch , my knees are killing me . 
So , as anyone who remotely knows me , I'm absolutely terrified of spiders . Guess what was waiting for me outside the litter box as I went to go clean it ? A BROWN RECLUSE !!!!! I HATE NORTH < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
So , a new friend of mine who has flatulence just as bad as me decided we were going to drink protien shakes . We backed out at the last second because the flavor was kinda narsty . We were going to gas the boys out of the house . 
Ya know ? Even though we may be having a rough patch , I still love my husband very dearly . Not to mention he took me out to breakfast , cleaned the house , went grocery shopping , and has been giving me hugs galore today . He's awesome ! 
You know ? Looking at other people's pictures I knew from high school makes me a little homesick . Makes me wonder if I'm ever going to see any of my old friends again and < PROPFEMALE > out like old times . Not that I had many times towards the end , and I regret that . I miss you guys . 
So , guess who woke up and opened the shades to find the entire road and parking lot covered in ice ? Who found icecicles hanging off their car ? Who has to leave an hour early to make a 20 minute commute to work ? What state does not have salt trucks or snow plows ? Come on , take a guess . 
Gel pens + fuzzy posters = awesome picture and two hours of entertainment . 
Facebook is like Obama ruining the constituiton . They force you to get the new profile , no matter how vehemently you say you don't want it . 
Is super frustrated . I can't do anything right , now can I ? Nah , that would be too much to do something correctly . 
wow , watching the boys do an interperative dance with imaginary glow sticks while they were drunk and I was sober to Apney Park is absolutely hilarious . Wish I had a camera . 
The hurt and sadness is so deep within my bones . We all become the people who we say we're never going to be , do the things we say we're never going to do . We all lose the one person we love most , and the pain is more than I can handle . Food is worthless , happiness is gone , and only a dark , bleak future awaits me . Everything that I knew would always be there is gone . 
