Being single again feels better than I thought it would ... I should have just gone ahead and done this weeks ago ! 

Happy New Year everybody and I hope everyone had at least as much fun as I did last night !!!!! 
I need a new job ... 
Unemployment is not all that it is cracked up to be ... 
Oh man ... Coos Bay is beautiful ... I picked a GREAT weekend for a visit !!! 
Cant wait to spend the day in Port Townsend tomorrow !!! 
Yay for good friends and giant bonfires !!! 
I think today is a day to get outside and pray for a tan !!! 
My dream right now is to get a wiener dog ... and name him Sir < PROPMALE > . We would be BEST friends ... 
I'm just hanging out in Coos Bay . Missing home but having a good time ... 
Best friends and Coos Bay ... what a good time ... Still miss some things about good ol < PROPFEMALE > though ... 
So ... Back in < PROPFEMALE > and missing coos bay now ... what gives ??? 
Beautiful Port < PROPFEMALE > weather , great friends , amazing boyfriend .... what else can I ask for ??? 
< PROPMALE > finally seems to be catching on to this whole potty training thing ... He has gone to the door three times today . This will lead to a lot fewer embarrassing situations at friends houses I hope ... 
The boyfriend just got a new tent and is out waterproofing it right now ... I cant wait for < PROPMALE > and I to do some < PROPMALE > camping this summer !!! Oh yeah , and I guess < PROPMALE > will be there too :) 
Yay for camping tonight !!! And waking up at 6 for work in the morning ... thats not my favorite part ... 
Just have to make it through this week and then ... MORE CAMPING !!!!!! Yay !!!! 
If you cant trust the person you are dating why date them ??? And if the person you are with doesnt trust you , why date them ??? Not talking about my relationship here ... just sick of my friends having controlling girlfriends ... You dont own someone just because they happen to be your boyfriend !!! 
it appears that I have the flu ... I need somebody to take care of me ... 
Ugh so Im not throwing up any more but I'm still feeling really yucky ... 
Just woke up from a nap ... feeling much better ... I just hope I'm back to 100% for camping tomorrow ... 
Oh my gosh I feel like a million bucks compared to yesterday ... 
Im facebooking and camping at the same time ... I dont know if that makes me a loser or super awesome ... it was a wonderful weekend with my two favorite men :) 
I have no idea why I am still awake ... I should be super excited at the prospect of sleeping in a real bed after spending the last 4 nights on a leaky airmattress . 
Last night was pretty much amazing in every possible way :) 
Warlocks are enemies of God !!! 
Now only to find my cellular telephone ... 
Freedom isn't free\ 
It costs folks like you and me\ 
And if we don't all chip in\ 
We'll never pay that bill\ 
No , there's a hefty f'in fee . \ 
And if you don't throw in your < PROPMALE > ' o five\ 
Who will ? 
I hope next weekend is a good one ... I think it should be if this weather holds up :) 
A little boy tried to steal < PROPMALE > today . I was at a friends apartment and turned my back for about a minute and I couldnt find him . I checked all over and was getting really panicked , turns out some little three year old just let him inside so that they could play . I almost lost my baby ... 
Holy Macaroni and Cheese I should be in bed right now ... stupid insomnia ... I should see the sun in an hour or so :) 
Stupid stress ... I wish I could make my brain slow down for just 5 minutes ... it was a wonderful sleepless night full of worrying and stuff ... yay !!! 
I love my weiner dog ... and my boyfriend too !!! 
I think I just caught poor little < PROPMALE > trying to drink out of the toilet ... he's a Chiweenie for goodness sakes , its never gonna happen ! God bless his limitations !!! 
Chatroulette at 1:30 in the morning took the last shred of my innocence I think ... Am I the only person NOT touching themselves right now ? 
The two new parrots in the house have learned how to bark like my dog ... I assume in an attempt to get him in trouble . I'm on to you parrots and I'm not amused by your crazy parrot antics . Well , maybe I am a little bit . 
I had an amazing time with my girlie friends at Gingers bachelorette party !!! It was nice to cut loose and be inappropriate with the girls again ... Cant wait for the big day !!! 
Sleeping used to be one of my favorite parts of the day and now I dread it ... I need to figure out a way to turn my brain off and dream about ponies or something ... preferably without the assistance of alcohol ... hangovers suck ! 
It's unfortunate what we find pleasing to the touch and pleasing to the eye is seldom the same . 
I have an emo dog ... At least he hasnt started wearing my pants ... yet ... 
Its good to be in love :) 
So according to a very intense game of MASH I am going to be a stay at home wife married to < PROPMALE > and drive a green Ford Ranger while living in our shack in the Swiss Alps with our three children ... Not a bad life all in all I guess ... 
< PROPMALE > and I willingly woke up at 4:30 this morning ... just to nerd out on the computer basically , what the heck is wrong with me ? 
Just whistle while you work ... do do do do do do do ... 
I have a cold ... yuck !!! 
I am so sick of the stupid landlord adding crap to our water and telling us after the fact ... I kinda need to take a shower and now I cant ... A little heads up would have been nice ! 
But on a brighter , less crabby note ... I feel MUCH better today !!! 
I have done absolutely NOTHING today ... WAIT ... not true ... I made blueberry muffins and did the dishes ... Go me !!! 
Hmmm ... After my lazy last night and my lazier day ... I need something fun to do tonight ... 
Guess who's now a ChaCha guide and makin some monies while learning useless facts ... Yay ! 
The most important things are the hardest to say , because \ 
words diminish them . ~ Stephen < PROPMALE > 
Dont try to reach me on my phone people ... one of my roommates moved my phone charger and they dont know who or where ... I'm sure I will fi9nd it eventually this is just a lot of house to look through . 
< PROPMALE > and I have been together 10 whole months today ! Who would have thought ??? 
Oh my gosh , 5:30 was WAY to early to wake up ... I guess I shouldnt complain though I made an AMAZING potroast tonight !!! 
Okay wedding is officially over , and it was beautiful !!! Congratulations < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and thank you for introducing me to some amazing people !!! I love you guys ! 
It was a perfect amazing lazy day today ... I got a lot accomplished and had some amazing boyfriend time ... but on my own time ... It was awesome !!! 
Eww ... thank you stove , I think I just made the worlds worst grilled cheese sandwich :( 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!! Cant wait to eat delicious food and see good friends !!! 
\You cant always rely on your underwear Amanda \"- Out of the mouth of my 12 year old sister in response to keeping underware in my glove box to avoid tickets :) " 
< PROPFEMALE > is the bestest sister i love her < PROPFEMALE > oooooooooo much because she is < PROPFEMALE > awesome 
Taking off early in the AM for some family time this weekend . I'm gonna miss my man but it should be a lot of fun rafting the Rogue river !!! 
I had a great time on the Rogue river with my family ... Looking forward to spending the last weekend of the summer with my man ... then alas , back to reality ... and all of lifes stresses ... I wish I was an ostrich :) 
Sorry < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and Jenn ... spellcheck is my best friend today ... 
So I think I totally need an HGTV intervention ... For Rent , Property Virgins , House Hunters ( International ) , Color Splash , Cash in the Attic ... I love them all !!! Its an addiction , Just ask my poor boyfriend :) 
I got a lot accomplised this morning ... Did the dishes , did some laundry and made pretty much the most delicious potato pancakes ever !!! 
I know that I have to face the fact that I am getting older when \old school\ " refers to something that happened way after a point that I could relate to ... " 
Birds are scary ... Thats all I wanted to say ... 
I had a great time in Silverdale today celebrating my birthday ( a little belated ) with my boyfriends awesome family . < PROPMALE > E Cheese , the < PROPFEMALE > Garden and a bit of shopping ... Thank you everybody ... it was nice to celebrate my 25th birthday by experiencing the fun of childhood . 
At this hour last year it was only a crush . Today , just a couple hours shy of exactly one year later , I am in an amazing relationship with an extraordinary man . Even if EVERYTHING else in my life was wrong I would still consider myself the luckiest woman in the world . I love you and Happy 1 Year Anniversery < PROPMALE > ! 
Busy busy busy ... So much to do before this weekend !!! 
I swear raising a weiner puppy is just like raising a super needy child . His \daddy\ " didnt come over tonight so he has been pacing the bedroom for hours now and crying at my bedroom window . I think I am at my wits end !!! " 
Have I mentioned how much I HATE packing ? Yuck ... I could unpack all day long but packing is another story all together ... 
A friend is someone who knows you as you are , understands where you have been , accepts who you have become , and still , gently allows you to grow- < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare 
I learned a valuable lesson today about walking to the grocery store and buying to many groceries ... the walk back was a MILLION times more difficult than the walk there . 
Went on an awesome boat ride with great friends today . I learned that < PROPMALE > my little wiener dog has aspirations of being a sailor . He handled the whole thing like a champ which was impressive after his kayaking suicide attempt :) 
One quality I am not looking for in a partner is the ability to maintain a virtual farm ... 
< PROPMALE > and I taught < PROPMALE > to howl tonight ... I'm sure we have created a monster ... but its a REALLY cute monster :) 
Just watching/listening to some R . < PROPFIRST > - Trapped in the Closet ... I forgot how amazingly awful this is but I cant stop looking or listening ... 
I am LOVING this weather , the wind is my FAVORITE ... Hope < PROPMALE > doesn't get called in to work though ... 
Out of pure laziness I refuse to participate in NUD ... I deleted one person and got bored ... Don't worry ... I wasn't going to delete you anyway :) 
Snow ... yuck ... 
Crazy snow ... Its REALLY coming down out there ... 
This is < PROPMALE>'s first time seeing snow and I was concerned that he would be a baby about it because he is so small ... but amazingly he LOVES it !!! 
I am going to be down in the Coos Bay area from Dec 10-15 with my awesome boyfriend ! I am excited for him to see the other home that still has half of my heart as well as introducing or re-visiting other amazing members of my friends and family !!! 
Oh my gosh there is like a foot of snow now and it looks and feels like there is a blizzard going on outside ... Thank goodness for a warm house , netflix and my chiweenie for company :) 
Brrrrrrr 
For Thanksgiving this year I am grateful for my family , and the three most amazing best friends in the world ( You know who you are ) But I'm mostly grateful for the fact that God has blessed me with the love of my life and partner in live and in crime , < PROPMALE > you are awesome and I still dont know what good deeds I have done to deserve you . I know what is going right in my life and I am SOOOOO thankful for what I have ! 
A Panda walks into a restaurant . He sat down at a table and ordered some food . When he was finished eating he took out his gun and shot his waiter . He then left the restaurant . When the police caught up with him they asked him why he had killed the waiter . He replied \look me up in the dictionary . \ " What did the dictionary say ??? " 
Can't wait to go to COOS BAY !!! < PROPMALE > is going to be seeing it for the first time ! Looking forward to visiting friends and family :) 
Ugh ... So much to do before we leave and ZERO time to do it ... I guess I should probably get off facebook :) 
Having an amazing time in Coos Bay with my love ... I'm glad he is enjoying his time here !!! 
Starting the trip back up to Port < PROPFEMALE > today , gonna spend a night in < PROPFIRST > and visit with Grandpa , Uncle and cousins then finish the trip up on friday . Its going to be nice to sleep in my own bed again but I am truly going to miss Coos Bay and Coquille and all of the AMAZING people here ! 
HOME !!!! Home home home home home !!! I could kiss the ground right now . I always enjoy a visit to Coos Bay but making the trip 3-5 times a year is insane ... 
Obama , you made me a very happy girl today . I can't wait to be able to see again !!! 
< PROPMALE > and I went clothes shopping today ... never felt more discouraged about my unusual body sizes :( 
I really hope the ad for the funeral home that I keep seeing on the right side of my screen isn't some of facebooks targeted marketing . Whatever happened to shoes and wedding rings and babies ? Don't give up on me facebook !!! 
Feeling inspired today . Making some chicken noodle soup in the crockpot ( it smells amazing ) and getting ready to tidy up a bit ... Can't wait to eat dinner tonight !!! 
To much snow ... I wish < PROPMALE > loved tropical islands ... 
Playing in the snow was fun yesterday but I am definitely feeling it today ... ouch ! 
Boys have trucks , girls have doll ; Boys can eat , girls can cook ; Boys invent things , Girls use what boys invent ; I know I am a little old fashioned ... BUT ... Boys DO have trucks :) 
Apparently I lost 8 pounds last month ... I dont see it when I look in the mirror , but I'm gonna trust the scale on this one ... only about 10 more to go !!! 
Have you noticed that you are only seeing updates or getting comments from the same people lately ? That's because Facebook made a change . You only see posts from people you interact with regularly , to change this Scroll down to the bottom of the news feed on the homepage and click on ' Edit Options ' , click on ' Show Posts From ' and change .. the setting to ' All Of Your Friends and Pages ' * REPOST AND LET EVERYONE KNOW 
Hanging out at Great Wolf Lodge with my love ... Looking forward to an awesome day with the family tomorrow . Happy Valentines Day everybody !!! 
