Mariahs big 21st Birthday !! Party at mickies i guess , Lov ya women , Happiest of days , xoxo < PROPFEMALE > 

wanting this cold to go away !! Live life fun , say a funny word , smile cuz it just gets better !!! 
Alot is on my mind , but it may be scarey to some and funny to others , tired of the ..... 
its funny how some people will turn things around to get what they want , but im not one to judge , Enjoying my morning 
funny how some people will do anything to get what they want and screw others over , then lie about it !! And what are YOUR values today ? 
lets all get REAL with our words , why spend the time cheating others but mostly our selves , whats YOUR MOREL ? mine is saying the truth , believe me im not one to be PLAYED !! 
They say Those who will .. WILL .. Those who DONT ... Wont ... I say I will .. And if I dont , I just DONT .. My path will take me where i will be .. Now , where are YOU ? 
Some people just dont get it do they ? THEY continue do do as they want and say FUCK those others , well WONT they be surprised when I come to THEM and show what there actions caused . 
DONT worry IT will ONLY HURT alittle ,!!!! Its what you DESERVE ! and hay then you will stand 500 feet back next time RIGHT ? 
Gotts go , so much to do so little time . enjoy the sunshine !! 
just tired of Fake bullshit over nothing , SMILE they say .. Play FAKE .. they say , well im not gonna , DONE ... FRIED ... BAKED ..... OKAY IM F .. KING SMILING SEE !!!! 
sad sad morning ... My mothers coffee cup was broke by danny , accident ? yeah , priceless ... YES .. God rest her soul . Can i EVER catch a break ?? My days are sooSUCKY 
going to go run under the covers and hide ........ My day is done 
YEAH ... < PROPFIRST > had that baby !!!! SHES ARRIVED , now we all get to ooooh , an ahhhh , and make those cute baby faces . Congrads , < PROPFIRST > and world , welcome baby Zadia May . Love Suz 
hey everyone BIG summer bash in my back yard SATURDAY any time after five all kids welcome too , bring a dish , ice , dessert , or lets chip in for kegger !! YEAH !!! come enjoy friends , and sun , food , drinks , music , 435 7th street calumet , all is welcome , everyone will be there , so you be there too !! cant wait to see ya all , suzanne 3693123 call if u want but just show up after five !!! much love 
not sure what i f ... ing did but i did something , lmao ... 
Happy Birthday , too all of those today , yesterday , an last weeks past , thinking of ya all , an many more good ones to come !!! 
whats on my mind ???? well , YOU !! tag your it ........ lmfao 
Happiest of Birthdays to all my facebook friends , im sending you all love , hugs , and a wonderful wish for you all , many more to come , happy birthday friends ..... xoxox < PROPFEMALE > 
going away for the weekend , getting drunk , eat , and ??????????? whoo hoo happy friday everyone !!! much love . xoxoxo Suz 
well , ANOTHER birthday , whew ... soo my facebook friends , im having a back yard bash this SATURDAY , come , party , eat , drink , and celabrate my 44 years with me , 435 7th street calumet , anytime after 4pm , hope too see ya ALL there . lots of fun , donmt miss out !! xoxxo to all , suzanne 
ok friends a tat dude will be here giving tats anytime after five the birthday bash is still on !! come join us all BIG fun !!! thanks to all those who sent me birthday wishes love ya all !! hope to see ya all today and tonight !!!! 
ok girls , moms , friends , im gonna offer free babysitting to all , one day a week day or night , 5 hours max , anyone one intrested ? call me 3693123 much love to those who need it today !! xo suz 
seems like everyones singin the blues , an might need a break !! 
going off to the pub , just need to drown in beers for the night , then ill think tomorrow , an maybe start all over again , lmfao .......................... 
ahhhh , the rain , well fall is here , and were all in for a bumpy ride , lmao , muahh to those i love , happiest birthday to those heading to another age , and shits an giggles to all , 
happy nirthday deney , your young , smart , and a great mom , much love to ya , suz , muahhhh girlfriend , hope you have a wonderful day . 
blah , yeeks , awww yeah , thats the spot !!! 
yup !.... yup .... yup ...... 
yep ... is MUST JUST BE ME !!!!!!!! 
havent slept yet , WAYYYYYYYYYYY tired , but addicted to my games , 
Thanks to Sudenur Güne ? for sending me Floral Dress with Jacket . I really like it ! http://bit.ly/fvaWLF 
well , ive stayed up a full 24 hours !! yeeks , an played silly games , but the best thing i did was look at some family photos !! now im walking down memory < PROPFIRST > !! 
Missing my daughter on this holiday season 
nose ring hurts today ... guess its not healed !! but its cuute !! 
somethings are just better UNSAID !!!!!! why oh why !!!! 
happy Valentines day dear friends , may you love from the inside out !! xoxo 
Was just looking at my daughters pics ! YEEKS is she growing up or what ? i just cant take it , I WANT MY BABY GIRL BACK !!! errrrr , but she syre is damm pretty !! i made a wonderful , beautiful , saucey , smart , talented , loving , daughter . And did i mention that i drempt of her when i was 13 ? YEP , shes all that i wanted !!!! GOOOOO ME !!!!! lmao 
love .. love .. love ... loves gonna get ya !!!! 
whats love got to do with it ? ITS ALL OVER RATED I SAY !!!! love , pfff , love stinks , cuz my < PROPMALE > hasent came !!! 
i think hes hiding from me .... lmao 
whore bag !! yep thats YOU reenee , WHORE BAG 
I just close my eyes and say , Theres no place like the beach !!! MMMM , im warm just thinking about it !!!! 
Happy Birthday to those in the month of LOVE ... FEBRUARY !! happy birthday too . 
