civilization is a great game 

happy new years 
How is everyone doing ? 
is growing fangs 
is scouting for territory 
This is a shout out , anyone who has job leads in the upstate region let me know . Thanks All ! 
ahem , correction , Anyone with job LEEDS let me know . Thanks all ! 
is attempting to last minute couch surf . But looks like no one's biting . Guess I'm going home , woo 100 < PROPMALE > of cycling in 1 day . 
had a great time , found a couch to surf and good company . I could get used to this lifestyle . 
needs to do more b-boying . 
Sees the possibilities . 
http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/06/090630163523.htm 
Is writing a resume 
bboyin for life 
and then there was rocking 
and now for some battles brought to you by Adiron Corichi Industries . 
is like a bomb set to explode every second . Like the big bang . The time is now , there is no other . If I don't do it today , I may not get to tomorrow . The question is , what is it ? 
Damn you mystery novel . 
Has just watched \Enter The Dragon \"" 
is mightier than the pen . 
bicycle 
is not nostalgic 
is at lucky 13 
is chillin 
everyday life becomes more miraculous . Or is it just equally miraculous every day . Maybe life contains a certain amount of miraculousness , but each day I see more of that limited miraculousness . Maybe I need to stfu and pay more attention . 
is sneezing 
is a soul man 
has not become a wolf , but what are these new powers ? 
is glad to be around civilization again !! 
is contemplating hikaru dorodango 
In a world of which I have often felt estranged , it's comforting to know my place . Be that real or imaginary I am not fully sure . 
If I could make you feel the way I feel , see the way I see , would you find it profound , or would you only nod in sympathetic understanding . 
sore , drums , guitar is out of tune forever . 
one flew over the cuckoo's nest 
what is this thing ? 
is 
learned to charlston 
is sick of the same shisht 
can do this 
beat the hell out of an unnecessarily bad mood . Muahaha 
has let go of the final thing . 
is alone , in my room , waiting in anticipation ! 
Is listening to 60's pop songs ! 
is making mental dorodango 
is barely alive 
has LIVED 
has rediscovered Fooly Cooly 
is happy for friends . 
still waters run deep 
Nat < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
feels like a blur . 
has hope . 
and so , the adventure begins 
has seen the gardens 
is going to ride the wave 
Chillin with the Four Tops 
20 years old , the world is so big . I am so small . I feel like I have so much to learn . May the world be my teacher . May people share themselves without fear of judgment . May I be exactly as I am , but have the will to strive for more . 
has travel flu 
Is planning a trip to the city this coming weekend , Anyone want to come ?!?! Get at me . 
is realizing the value of letting go of old emotions ... Also , wants to start planning for new york this weekend . 
kidnap someone and make them happy 
drums 
life altering falafel 
is planning next big adventure , and a bunch of small ones . 
is organizing world takeover 
Is going to build a raft . 
to the rescue , here I am , want you to know , yall , can you understand 
is going on a speaking fast . If you have to call me , ask Yes or no questions . 1 beep is yes , 2 beeps is no . 
you can get anything you want , at < PROPFEMALE>'s resteraunt 
hopes everyone is having a good day . 
wrote a good essay . Hope I'll feel the same in the morning . 
things change , nothing is permanent 
Who are you to judge ? Who am I to take offense ? 
Speaking fast has officially ended . 
Has much love for his sista . \Thanks for being a pain in my ass Josie \"" 
May people be happy , and rejoice in the struggle that is life . 
Darn you < PROPFEMALE > , for forcing me to do things that are actually good for me and not letting me slip into abysmal misery . Roar . 
what am I missing ? 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAaAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHh 
is still here 
is chilled to the bone . 
is alive and kicking 
\It is spoken at the right time . It is spoken in truth . It is spoken affectionately . It is spoken beneficially . It is spoken with a mind of good-will . \"" 
Bad judgement comes from ignorance , Good judgement comes from experience . The best judgement comes from asking \What still do i not know ? \"" 
can you believe this wonderful thing 
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 
I wish I could give you this beautiful < PROPFEMALE > . 
True love is closer than you might imagine . 
Young are old old are young . I once hated the elder only to realize later that they were myself . Now I am not so smug . It's scary to realize the mand behind the curtain was me all along . 
humans can be both waves and particles 
the simple things . 
alas , an intimate moment with the world . 
is laughing but he forgot the joke 
it's no , nay , never , no , nay , never no more , will I play the wild rover , no never , no more 
is selling my soul to the man . 
Somtimes it seems we're not getting anywhere , when in fact , we are . 
If I take the red pill , what will happen ? 
is a time and space gypsy . 
and the pieces fall into place , and the pieces are scattered , and the pieces rearrange and become a completely different picture . 
It's ten'o'clock , do you know where your Children are ? 
I shant escape the seeds I soe , I shant escape my death , I shant escape the ill and old , and no one will be left . For in the end we suffer much , so let me love so let me in the morrow rise and see the sun with child eyes . For I know that I will die , let me create a memory that forever lies in my unfettered mind . 
imagine waking up and realizing that everything you ever thought was wrong . Imagine , then , forgetting , and reremembering . 
has been in the computer lab for 4 hours and 46 minutes and counting 
every hour the world rotates 15 degrees 
it's easy to write something off , but much harder to question it . I must destroy what I think I know and question everything I can , but I must choose my questions wisely . 
It is each individuals choice and responsibility to seek freedom or security , and to explore the grey between them . I only ask , to what extent are you free ? And , to what extent are you secure ? 
is home 
There are no good old days , they are today . 
so , what's the plan guys ? 
nobody learned no nothing from no history 
still has one really shiny fingernail . 
has much love for his homies . 
procrastination . 
is coming to a theater near you 
tired 
the world is a wonderfully sculpted puzzle , with each piece carrying its mysterious connection to everything else . Me wonders what am I , and what am you ? 
the most beautiful story is the one that is being told right now . 
is something burning ? 
struggle and celebration . 
yeah oh yeah you seen me walk , on burning bridges yeah oh yeah you seen me fall , in love with witches and you know my head is held inside by stitches and you know I did survive , all of your lovely sieges 
is wondering how he'll get home . Hmmmmmmmmm . 
what doesn't it matter ? 
fixed his computers evil video settings 
may the world be at peace . 
just realized the deeper conotations of \The itsy bitsy spider \"" 
ooga booga 
is back in upstate 
is pondering 
Eu falu um poco ge portuguese 
Is sending love out to his people . G'night guys , see you in the morning . 
hey everyone 
baddum baddum 
misses his people ! 
muahahaha 
gyar 
things fall to pieces before me . Then re-form , and , oh the beauty is in the process . 
Still misses his people 
is wondering why ? 
muahaha 
love 
Whole world 
is the man 
happy new year 
just discovered < PROPFEMALE > Winehouse 
my thoughts are my own , you can't have them facebook . 
Is ALIVE 
is getting hyped for Breakdance association !!!! 
is all about madcon 
is all about about < PROPFIRST > Cooke and < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
forgot to mention . I HAVE MY PASSPORT . MY TICKET TO RIDE BABY . WOOOOOOOOOO 
is < PROPMALE > 
is Ihciroc Norida 
is all about kutiman 
It's tricky to rock a rhyme 
is still the man 
Is back Home . 
Breakdance association is officially official . 
is vibing to the blues . Oh yeah , baby . 
The Blues are in my soul . 
is setting his life on fire , Muahahaha 
is hip hoppin 
B.B. < PROPMALE > 
is eating pancakes . 
is kissing the sky 
can't hold on to time but time holds on to me . 
http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2010/mar/26/forests 
roughly six weeks left of school . The end is near . OoooooooOOOoooo 
is not \getting\ " an education . He's taking one ! " 
the world turns , I'm awake again . The season has changed . Every < PROPFEMALE > is in bloom . 
killed his first zombie today 
is still alive 
let my mind wander 
but not too much so I may find my way home . 
is learning about real life 
the human race struggles to save itself . Is it too late ? 
is looking deeper 
\lets get together and feel alright \"" 
Thank you New Paltz . I love you for getting films on demand . 
Watching the Disappearing male 
I'm looking for job leads in the New Paltz Area . If anyone has any prospects , let me know . Thanks ! 
I'm a murderer 
loves his momma 
likes when he discovers hidden talents , but doesn't like when he can't succeed no matter how hard he tries . 
why is hasbrouck so far away 
has a shiny new laptop 
is battling with this damn civ game 
won the battle 
is not in kansas 
Has the day off due to rain 
thanks to everyone for the good wishes 
shouting at the < PROPFEMALE > 
is hungry , waiting for laundry 
one good thing about music , when it hits you feel alright 
Just made a new toy . Next , Bay rum 
is hiding from the heat 
likes poopie . 
is tired 
is planning a trip to the city this coming week , if someone could host , that'd be great , if not I could find someone . 
is watching night of the living dead 
The world is full of holes , can you see them ? 
positive disintegration theory just explained my life 
tired , must study more 
the beasts jaws opened wide to devour my soul . I raised my sword , a bead of sweat dripped down my brow . Would this be my doom ? 
and life goes on 
sooo tired 
is getting into chemistry 
needs to calm down . 
wants to do better 
is cold 
lost his keys * sigh * 
has his keys 
no there ain't no rest for the wicked 
is chuggin along 
has an awesome life 
HELLO WORLD O.O 
what if everyone else was real and I was a robot 
Wants to understand stoichiometry 
is enjoying the beauty of nothing 
is it still only monday ? 
shhh .... be vewy vewy quiet , I'm hunting humans . 
realizes his past weaknesses are still there he's just managed to circumvent them . And the storm rages on . 
question everything ! 
wishes he could catch time in a bottle . 
Is reading \Travels with Charley\ " and is getting the Itch . " 
Most badass thing I've done lately . Jump out of an airplane ! 
Skipping class to spend some alone time with a bottle of massage oil . 
All done ! That was quick . =/ 
All is fair 
needs a movie recommendation- QUICK ! 
finds the world to be a novel place 
Is wondering about his next adventure ... 
is watching LXD 
is way better than < PROPFIRST > Amador 
Happy Halloween 
Just gave himself his first straight razor shave . 
is fighting a disease . 
Has won the battle 
Closer examination of anything in this world exposes the strangeness that surrounds us . 
http://www.collegescholarships.org/research/student-loans/ It's stuff like this that makes me dislike our system . 
Who is Adiron Corichi ? 
soon to be on the long trek home 
is waiting at gate 14 
is back 
I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired 
To the people who ripped my bike off of it's chain last night , and took it for a joy ride , bending the tire and the brake . I HOPE YOU CRASHED . I HOPE THE FACT THAT I HAD NO BACK BRAKES MADE YOU CRASH INTO THE TREE YOU LEFT IT BY . Merry Christmas . 
... 
Where is my mind . 
is back in g-town 
hopes everyone made it home safely . 
I DON'T CARE HOW MUCH YOU TRY TO PEER PRESSURE ME FACEBOOK , I WILL NOT CHANGE UNTIL YOU MAKE ME CHANGE 
wishing you all a happy holidays 
Is in his little piece of freedom listening to Sublime . 
has had bad luck honing his straight razor 
passed his road test 
Anyone still in New Paltz ? 
mmmm , avacado , spinich , peanut butter sandwich on toast . 
Screw you facebook 
left his account open on his girlfriend's mother's computer . Good Job . 
The perception of manifestation that occurs in everyday life , creates a sense of awe in the appreciative perceiver ... In other words . Stuffs CRAZY , Yo . 
people are as people are . 
bluesin ' 
Somebody's drivers licence came in the mail today . 
remember what Gym Class Heroes used to sound like ? 
is glad he's vegan . Thanks \Eathlings \"" 
feels considerably better 
the sun sets on all empires of the world . 
Just had a beast performance , and made some awesome contacts ! 
my words are like < PROPMALE > , because what I said I meant 
Why do I get the feeling that when New Paltz says their mission is to increase Selectivity and Academic quality , they mean they are going to select more < PROPMALE > white people and raise tuition . 
Anyone subletting for the summer ? I'm interested , let me know . 
If we are never exposed to those whose views differ from our own , then we shall not develop the tolerance for their inadequacy . 
