snowboarding at granite peak , party on 

totally busted out linus and < PROPFEMALE > from < PROPFIRST > brown at the end of church this morning , the pastor loved it 
just checked out her past scores and shaved off 10 minutes from 07-08 and 11 minutes from 08-09 in the bellin run , solid 
lots of biking to do 
biking from luxemburg to studio arts , then over to bairds to frowlf and < PROPFEMALE > out in green bay for a while , then bike home 
120k bike ride 11 days , training hard every day 
120k bike ride , 9 days , exercising or discing 
is addicted to texas hold'em poker 
just read in the newspaper the raw nestle cookie dough we've been mowing down on has been recalled for ecoli bacteria .... eeeek 
running , biking , jogging , frolfing , eating here and there ... it's a living 
just got a dear < PROPFIRST > letter from the important job she was holding her breath for the past month ... sad day 
70 mile bike ride- 4 days 
appt ., interview , lunch and some biking and frolfing action 
an apartment burns down on the gb campus and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > dies , crazy shit .... 
going for a run , slow pitch softball game , then with < PROPFEMALE > for the night 
we were at the beach , everybody had matching towels , somebody went under the dock and there they saw a rock , but it wasn't a rock , rock lobster ! yeah your gonna be okay 
Menominee River Century 70 mile bike ride early in the morning . I'll need more than luck to get me through this one .... 
73 < PROPMALE > , 4 hours 42 minutes ..... great success 
leaving for Florida , be back on Sunday :) 
Day 1 in Florida- Hurricane weather , strong winds , 85 degrees , rain , and it's sting < PROPFIRST > mating season . 
is feeling lucky to be in Florida reguardless of the weather , hotel on the beach , beautiful views all around and warm weather , plus , it's not Wisconsin ! 
finally this is Florida weather , sun all day today , hundreds of people fill the beach , fire works tomorrow on the pier , beautiful :) 
360 degrees of fireworks on a warm beach , can't beat it . Heading back to Wisconsin , this vacation ended way to fast . 
is apparently severely allergic to Florida .... damn 
needs to get busy livin or get busy dieing cuz this life going on now isn't getting me anywhere 
completely uninstalled and deleted everything WoW related from her computer and plans on getting rid of the cd's .... 
needs to find a steady exercise partner , someone who is motivated to run daily and do other things such as biking or swimming . Any volunteers ?? 
needs to find a steady exercise partner , someone who is motivated to run daily and do other things such as biking , swimming , walking , frolfing or any other random sport or activity . Any volunteers ? 
okay , looks like no volunteers to run , bike , and swim with me in trainings for the sprint triathalon and just over all better health ... what a bunch of slackers 
is devouring food as if she hadn't seen any in a month 
grandma's birthday party then Great < PROPFEMALE > til Monday night 
back from the Great Americas .... most awesomest rides ever ... except the car ride ... 
what the hell is a cous cous ? ANybody ? 
went for a 5 mile walk while listening to some smokin cuban jazz ... good way to wake up in the morning 
can't wait for the weekend ! 
babysitting tonight :) 
out for a long bike ride , a little piano , then the fair with < PROPMALE > :) 
mini vacation to < PROPFIRST > college/brewers game/zoo ! 
actually starts working on monday .... bout damn time eh ? 
redneckfest ftw 
chiro at noon and work 3-11 
is smiling ear to ear 
out for a run/rollerblade/bike ride , it's a nice day :) 
aunt and uncle are up from new jersey for a visit ! very excite 
woot , get to < PROPFEMALE > out with hobag < PROPFIRST > tomorrow , bout dang time 
mall , biking in depere , chiropractor 
just can't sleep like she use'2 b 
is getting a rotisserre chicken cooker installed above my engine in my car .. 
swimming with < PROPMALE > in the lake , bike , chiro , work 3-11 
is working hard ? or hardly workin :) 
is very excited for evens this weekend ! 
used some pretty bamf sight-reading skills in church this morning ... ha cha cha ! 
is really happy with the softball team ! Good call < PROPFIRST > , gotta love guys that can consistently crack the ball over the fence ... solid 
softball 8:30 , workin the nigh shift at NWTC , feel free to stop buy and visit from 11pm-7am 
is really happy with her first tattoo .... :) 
the packers better beat the bears ... that's all I have to say 
softball scrimmage tonight ... sweeet 
needs to find someone wise to ask about life advice ... 
class 8:30 - 12:30 , lunch , work 3-7 , softball game , off to < PROPFIRST > !!! :) 
is laxing off into a food coma ..... oom nom nom 
back to the school life ... yay ... 
wonders why the world is so damn ignorant ... honestly ... 
class class class , lots to do in the next few weeks ! 
protesting psychology of human relations and the necessity for the teacher to assign us 2 chapters to read and a test on the 38 < PROPFEMALE > syllabus after only 1 class .... 
can't make up her mind ... decisions decisions 
week 3 of school .... yay .... 
is switching majors .... again 
University of Minnesota Twin Cities ? or Stevens Point .... any opinions ? 
working the night shift .... yeah ... 
still workin the night shift ... 
last night of nights ..... 
has survived 3 nights of working nights ... haallelujaaahhhhh ! time to sleep for about 24 hours :) 
is thinking switching majors , colleges , and jobs is a very tough process 
needs to start believing in herself a little more often ... someone once told me the sky is my limit musically and that I should never settle ... 
in < PROPFIRST>'s Point 
needs to get back into the running , biking , working out , eating healthy/small amounts of food mode ... 
sooo here's the thing ... packer's are gonna beat the bears ... 
da bears still suck :) 
sending in transcripts to the 2 colleges and hoping for the best ! 
... 
is watching the 2 hour premiere of House ! 
needs more farmville gifts ... 
has is working on the unique gifts in farmville , I have an ugly duck , brown cow , duck , black sheep , rabbit , barrel and the banana , lemon , grapefruit , and pomegranate tree ... Please help and send a gift other than those :) man I'm addicted 
now has an ugly duck , brown cow , cow , duck , black sheep , rabbit , barrel , banana , lemon , grapefruit , pomegranate , goat , horse , fence , hay bail , apple , crate for farmville , need more unique gifts ! please send one other than the above listed 
has nothing to say ... 
is learning how to breathe correctly ... yay light headed-ness ! 
and the packers win again 2-1 ... sweet 
is fighting the nasty allergy cold 
doesn't like being awake at 4am for no reason after only having been sleeping 5 hours .... ohh forces of nature , let me fall back asleep 
sleeeep = good 
visited her grandma today ; helped her pick weeds , < PROPFEMALE > up clothes and looked at the family tree and photos of people I've never met before 
has alot of trouble sleeping ..... : ( 
is excited to see all the people from pep band and kick off the year with a women's game ! HAppy HalloWeEn everyone 
would very much like to get < PROPFEMALE > stone . 
finally settled on what she's going to do in college .... amen ! 
< PROPFEMALE > much christmas music on the radio already ... it's crazy 
has plenty of time to sleep , but lacks the ability 
has a plan ... now it's time to set it in motion . 
is no longer a knight of \ Ni ! \ " but is now a knight that says \ " ekke ekke ekke ekke p'tang zoo boing ! " 
most people would be asleep at 4am ... but alas , I am not 
signed up for the cellcom half marathon , my first one :) training starts this week I'm pretty pumped ! 
trying to learn how to snowboard + icy hill = fail 
is fleeing this earth to live on pandora . 
likes the idea of a new year and a new beginning 
snowboarding anyone ? 
has got to be the only person who can manage to be playing pingpong , hit the ball on her corner of the table and have it bounce back up and hit her in the open eye .... owwwww 
crudely panited not so funny plywood cutout folkart from my wacky waving inflatable arm flailing tubemans warehouse and imporium . 
watching the movie sicko and writing a paper for my class . Intensely insightful , yet boring . 
is sitting on a beach on a tropical island enjoying a cool refreshing drink , listening to the waves and relaxing on a hammock . 
needs to regain her fun , weird , strange and adventurous roots . 
is trying to figure out how to finish putting this computer back together , now if I could just get the plugs back into the right place I'd be < PROPFEMALE > 
well hello there :) 
wants a puppy ... that stays a puppy forever ... 
is going to bake a cake , what kind though .. hmmmm .... 
but u say , the sun will shine again , just got to have some < PROPFEMALE > my friend , cuz everything will work it self out in the end 
is preparing for her interview tomorrow , hoping for the best ! 
' s church is putting together health kits to send down to Haiti Victims , let me know if you want to help :) 
is off to go get that job ! Got my fingers crossed :) 
Nats ingonyama bagithi baba , sithi uhm ingonyama , Siyo Nqoba , Ingonyama , Ingonyama , nengw ' emamabala 
another beautiful day to go for a run :) 
communication is the only way , start saying what you need to say , all your troubles gonna run away , start saying what you mean today . 
sunday is definitely the day of rest and healing ... 
has people coming to look at her house already tomorrow ! and it's only been on the market a week ... jeepers 
is going to kick this anatomy and physiology/human body health and disease classes butt .... I hope ... 
blarg blarg ... 
wants to know why her tv decided family guy was going to speak in spanish and english at the exact same time ..... 
waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle syrup syyyrrrupppp waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle waffle caaaakkkke ohhhhh caaakkkeeee 
is finally getting a possible < PROPFEMALE > of this overtone stuff ! 
donkey kong .... you shall be defeated ... I will see to it . 
que te parace fine fine fine , very good very good very good , very very very very gooooood . 
was told today she has the flexibility of a 2x4 ... wood can be made flexible with the right amount of moisture , heat and pressure right ??? 
if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face , you are not alone . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but we can raise awareness . 
is living life to its fullest :) 
5 papers done in 2 hours ... why yes I did ... quality even ... I'm getting pretty good at this . 
is tap dancing tonight .. should be quite interesting , I may have to video tape this one . 
danced with a vacuum cleaner at work , it was quite exhilarating , I call it , \Tango's with Vacuum\ " . tis ' a fun way to clean :) " 
oh girl scout cookies , how I loathe thy tasty goodness in my presence ... 
could go for a campfire and some volleyball right about now 
u think a person would learn when to stop eating until you feel full .... but nope , not this girl , I make the same mistake daily ... 
< PROPFIRST > this day in history , I ate vegetables and I plan on replacing my chocolate intake with them ... 
oh squiggly line in my eye fluid , I see you there lurking on the perifery of my vision . But when I try to look at you , you scurry away , are you shy squiggly line , why only when I ignore you do you return to the center of my eye , oh squiggly line , its alright , you are forgiven 
if you know any beautiful intermediate to advanced piano music please inform me . I am looking for anything from classical , jazz , church , etc . that I can learn . Just give me a name of a song and I will do the rest . Thank you :) 
medical terminology word of the day . Esophagogastroduodenoscopy- endoscopic examination of the esophagus , stomach and duodenum ... 
waffles , bacon , eggs , yogurt , apple , orange juice and a peanut butter sandwich for breakfast ... now thats the good stuff 
anybody up for some backbacking through Europe ? It's been almost 5 years since I've been there , i'm a bit over due :) 
Played the god of war 3 demo today .... Dooo want ... Now 
was texting and driving and while waiting for a response heard an ad on the radio for the dangers of texting and driving and after the ad ended had to slam on her brakes because 5 deer were crossing the road ... o_0 
to all of you who may have got that stupid google < PROPFEMALE > invite thing from me ... My apologizes .... 
anybody know what chat roulette is ? 
getting pumped for the cellcom half-marathon , bellin run and MRC ... still lots of training to do :) 
it's a beautiful day for wellness this is < PROPFEMALE > how may I help you ? 
don't leave your facebook open while you leave for lunch at work ... lesson of the day ... 
Lost her debit card : ' -( 
feliz cinco de mayo 
many exciting events coming up in the next few weeks ... finishing up homework , papers , exams , entertaining a < PROPMALE > , bachelorette party , cellcom half marathon , wedding , bellin run ! 
really really really dislike technology at this current point in time ...... 
would like to have a campfire , toast some smores and gaze upon the stars ... 
very excite ! 
anybody have any in depth analysis of why dreams occur and or what they signify ? 
accidentally double and triple booking my time probably isn't going to go so well for the next week and a half ..... >_< 
geschwindigkeitsbeschränkungen- word of the day- Speed Limit 
Is really bad at the saying goodbye game ... : ' -( 
studying for 2 cumulative exams that I must take tomorrow ... going to need lots of coffee to keep me awake all night ... 
woot .... I'll be workin hard all summer , full time night shift at staffmark and half time day shift at the chiro ... who ever said sleep was necessary ... 
schoko-bons are absolutely addicting ... I may cry when I run out , or I'll just have to go to germany early :) 
Props 2 my grandma attempting the soldierboy dance at a wedding 
Is catchin the first plane outta this joint for unknown periods of time . Goodbye wisconsin 
Those who drive tractors really need 2 brush up on their traffic etiquette ... Like using blinkers and not almost causing accidents ... K thanks 
has a full week off to enjoy :) ohhhhh what to do what to do 
can't sleep :( 
just booked her flight ^_^ 
Sittin in my hammock by the beach listenin 2 the waves n enjoyin a bit of this beautiful day 
Yep .... One of those days ... 
Ich habe zwei franziskaner hefe a cock y bull con < PROPFEMALE > geile < PROPFEMALE > ... Y taco < PROPFEMALE > .... Mmmmm 
It's my birthday today , and such a beautiful day it is :) , but alas , will not be complete until I finish work and see my handsome man 
thanks for all of the birthday wishes :) 
surprise ! trip to michigan for work 
looking at all of the tornado wreckage less than a mile from my hotel last nite ... eeepaaa 
. 
sleeeep 
Wie komme ich zu deine <3 ? Ich glaube , ich habe mich verlaufen . Es ist kalt , ich mag es nicht . Vergessen sie es nicht mich , ich denke an dich . Bis zum nachsten Mal . 
ich bin eine geile < PROPFEMALE > . du bist eine bratwurst mit pomise . wie gehtz , mein krankenschwester schmutzige 
time to run the bellin . 16000 people this year ... nice 
off ti the brewers game with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . 
would like to practice disciprine and learn kung fu ... anybody else ? 
just doesn`t know what to do anymore ... bout ready to quit 
just watched the 3 original < PROPFEMALE > wars movies .... sweeeet 
got some shoe on my gum at work this morning .... good day rite there 
sex on the beach with < PROPMALE > at envy ! good tine to practice the salsa and cha cha 
out for a bike ride this morning 
ohhhhh wow ... where has the time gone .... 70 mile bike ride in 6 days ... and I work the next 5 days all day .... >_< 
all traffic just stopped for a mama duck with 8 cute little babies as they crossed thr road to the pond . totally made my day 
:) 
it becomes pretty clear that I was not headed down the right path and God wanted my attention pretty badly ... well , you've got it man ... lead me to a new life . 
wants to know how to become a contestant on the hit show wipeout 
is going to make her own decisions in her life and pump herself up ... we'll see you next time ^^ 
come on USA ! don't let me down 
heartbreaking ... maybe next time usa . Hopefully Germany and mexico dominate 
Deutschland is der geilste Club der Welt ! 
out and about on this beautiful morning :) 
starwars 1-3 yippee ! 
is ready for adventure ... feel free to join :) 
Guten morgen ! Ein herrlicher tag , nach wahr ? Es ist schon dich kennen zu lernen . Ich hab ' gedachtnis wie'n goldfisch :) 
cellcom network appears to be down for the time being so I will have to somehow survive without texting .... call me if you need to reach me 
my brain has a monkey with cymbals clapping in it all day long 
missed working in the barn at the ledvinas house ... ahh the sweet smell of dairy-air . 
today's agenda- work on landscaping at the new house , canoeing , soccer , practice < PROPMALE > :) 
I take orders from only me ... ^^ 
airbender = awesome .... i totally wanna bend elements 
has got to be the only ones she knows that can manage to fling meat up into her eyeball while mixing a big hot roaster filled with sloppy < PROPFIRST > meat 
<(^_^<) ^ (^_^) ^ (>^_^)> 
come what may ... I will love you until my dieing day <3<3<3 
spontaneous trip to texas ! woooo 
come on Germany ... win this world cup ! 
needs to remember she's very very very lucky for all of the things she has and how easy her life has been compared to most ... 
singin < PROPFIRST > daughtry ... im goin home to the place where i belong where your love has always been enuf for me ... 
how ya`ll doin this mornin . im off to the waffle haus then more time at the pool .... yeeehaww 
hab dIch ganz doll lieb <3 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VDBpQVhCMb8 
I feel fantastic and I never felt as good as how I do right now cept ' for maybe when I think of how I felt that day when I felt the way that I do right now ^^ 0_o 
just got the third hole on the lower part of the ear pierced with a 16 gage ring ... woot no sleepin on my side for a while 
No one will touch us if we pick up a < PROPFEMALE > , If you spin out you can ride in my car , When we slide together we generate sparks in our wheels and our hearts , the finish line , is just around the bend , I'll pause this game , so our love will never end lets go again ... The blue shell is coming so I'll go ahead , If you < PROPFEMALE > behind it'll hit me instead , but never look back cause I'm down but not dead , I'll catch up to you <3 
you take the good you take the bad you take em ' both and there you have ... the facts of life ... 
cleaning , drawn together season 3 then running the 5k in < PROPMALE > :) 
is reading her German/English count by number Disney book and enjoying some tasty shoko bons :) <3<3<3 
fair , soccer game , softball game , softball game , fair :) 
\First I was dying to finish high school and start college . And then I was dying to finish college and start working . And then I was dying to marry and have children . And then I was dying for my children to grow old enough so I could get back to my career . And then I was dying to retire . And now I am dying ... and suddenly realize that i forgot to live . \ " unknown " 
ren faire- 1 week , redneckfest- 3 weeks , random great < PROPFEMALE > trip , Salsa competition-7 weeks , European Excursion with Freya Vogel- 7 weeks ! 
ren faire with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > - 1 week , redneckfest with < PROPMALE > Kinjerski - 3 weeks , random great < PROPFEMALE > trip with < PROPFEMALE > Ledvina , Salsa competition with < PROPMALE > Kinjerski -7 weeks , European Excursion with Freya Vogel ????? - 7 weeks ! 
< PROPFIRST > Bauman , Freya Vogel ?????, < PROPFEMALE > Ledvina , < PROPMALE > Kinjerski , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > - random summer/fall shenanigans ... 
definitely needs to move to a warmer state .... brrrrrrr ... 
it's a lovely day , out for some adventures in the sun 
looking for people who enjoy playing many sports and physical activities such as biking , running , frowlfing , soccer , softball , swimming , tennis , salsa dancing etc . in the greater green bay area :) 
clean clean clean , pack , run/walk , shower and off to < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for some fun and ren faire !!! very excite 
is totally geeking out at the ren faire . i do believe i have found a new home ^^ 
<3 
is excited to eat her schmutig schlampe ^^ 
redneckfest- 11 days ... salsa competition- 38 days- Germany 40 days ! 
to the guy on the mopped in rush hour on the highway ducking down below his little windshield to talk on the phone and balance with his elbows ... ive got the ambulance on standby ..... 
is in a losing war with her subconscious mind ... 
is willing to sell her soul for a cookie right about now .... 
>_< 
Ein Frau ohne mann is wie ein fisch ohne fahrrad :) ich ganz doll lieb mein schatz <3<3 
germany+amsterdam+barcelona+freya = most exciting adventure ever ! <3 09/12-10/03 
thank goodnesss for loving supporting friends ... or I dunno what I'd do anymore in this world 
I'm hot and I'm cold I'm yes and I'm no , In and then out , up and down , wrong when its right , black when its white ... not fun 
woot for taking steps in the right direction ... 
redneckfest : ) 
...... could really use a wish right now 
is procrastinating doing homework and papers and listening/watching youtube videos 
is the most shopping impared person she knows ... help ! 
2 weeks .... <3 
sitting at a classy pub listening to light jazz getting ready for the packer game ... feeling classy and liking it 
A wiki wiki < PROPFEMALE > lohi lohi La we < PROPFEMALE > iko papa he na < PROPFEMALE > Pi'i na na < PROPFEMALE > la lahalahaO < PROPFEMALE > moana hanupanupaLalala i < PROPFEMALE > la hanahana Me ke < PROPFEMALE > i hoene i < PROPFEMALE > pu'e oneHelehele < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > kou eHawaiian roller coaster ride 
friday-salsa competition in < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE>'s birthday celebration , saturday- visit < PROPFIRST > then head over by smashley until sunday when I leave for Germany until 10/03 !! Soooo excited 
so frustrated ... can`t sleep ... ugh ... 
all settled in at the airport just waiting to take off ^^ 
Länder Safe in Germany 
hello everybody . just wondering how life is going in Wisconsin ... fill me in :) 
Barcelona Baby !!!! 
Liter of Beer-8€ chicken and pommes-14€ Hotel-60€ spending Time with freya at Oktoberfest having the Best Time of my Life- priceless !! 
I like it in the front seat of my car for easy access 
never wants to leave .... sad panda .... ich liebe Deutschland 
had the best time of her life ... but the dream is ending and I must come back to reality ... <3 Freya Vogel <3 
landed safe in chicago : ) serious jetlag ... now the customs journey and 4 hour drive home ... woot . atleast i am back on ground 
phew .. slept in later than I have in 3 weeks .... already feels like 11am ... oh wait ... that's only 4 am here >_< 
rockin out to madsen , shinedown , lifehouse , die toten hosen and pohlmann 
Ich Bin Dein Gummibär 
working on a master plan ..... ~ evil laugh ~ 
tried my hardest and stayed awake until 22 last night and woke up at 6:30 this morning . Getting back on track and beating jetlag , also , I think having a beer helped me stay asleep 
< PROPFEMALE>'s wedding today :) 
misses < PROPMALE > beer ... this stuff tastes like water ... blaaahhhh . 
tomorrow morning ... the 7 week war begins .... bring it on Freya Vogel -_- 
6 , 4 Millionen Besucher\ 
In diesem Jahr besuchten rund 700 000 Menschen mehr das Oktoberfest in München gegenüber 2009 , damit stieg die Zahl der Besucher auf 6 , 4 m . Der Bier-Verbrauch erreichte ein neues Rekord Hoch – Etwa sieben Millionen Liter Bier haben die teils trinkfreudigen Besucher 2010 verzehrt . Damit ist auch wirtschaftlich gesehen die Wiesn ein voller Erfolg , denn insgesamt 950 Mil Euro wurden umgesetzt . 
mensch ärger dich nicht ! 
last miner in chile on his way up the tunnel . sweeeet . glad they are all safe 
sippin red wine reminiscing all the good times with Freya Vogel and Henner < PROPMALE > Vogel :) 
Mmmm ... < PROPFEMALE > garden breadsticks and lasagna 
You and I woke up in jail together . Using ONLY four words , what would you say to me ? 
needs a quick briefing on exercising , eating healthy , < PROPMALE > and some advanced aviation electronics ... any volunteers ? 
it's 4:03 and I can't sleep without you next to me I toss and turn like the sea , if I drown tonight bring me back to life , breathe your breath in me the only thing that I still believe in is you , if you only knew- Shinedown 
are we there yet 
Woot for carving pumpkins ! 
gotta love slow monday mornings at work ... 
beer wings and pool ... good times 
earned 2 valuable lessons at work today ... careful when stretching in old jeans that barely fit ... the crotch may rip from front to back ... and don`t sneeze with a box cutter or you may lose something valueable .... 
only in wisconsin can you buy an engagement ring and get a free 12 gage shotgun 
visiting the navy base in great lakes ill . very excite : ) 
the darkside clouds everything ... impossible to see , the future is . 
Dominating cod b o 
Is doing a job that requires 0 brain power where most of the time is spent standing and waiting . will someone send me a riddle to solve ? or something 
well , anyone who wants to spend one last time in my house ... do it now , its gone in 3 weeks and we are out to the new house ! 
got the new kinect for xbox 360 ... what a great work out ! 
so excited ... 1 week ! <3 
when keepin it real goes wrong ... 
packing up the room , sad to leave the house I've lived in for 13 years :( 
Lol at the new < PROPMALE > show for ripping on wisconsin people and our obesity ... 
one more day of work then vacation for almost 2 weeks ! 
beginning another round of sweet adventures with Freya Vogel for the next 10 days :D 
footy pajamas , how to train your dragon , wine and a warm fire ... win 
Willing to trade current job doing mindless task for college classes , homework , studying and other college life 
anybody got any ideas of how to make food with no stove , oven , toaster , microwave or kitchen ? 
3 feet of snow at the bottom of my driveway .... looks like I'm stuck in my house all day 
is missing her guitar ... haven't seen it in about a month ... it was in my room , now it isn't ... anybody know what I did with it ?? 
Work made the mistake of giving us a hugr buffet of food and a hour long lunch ... food coma is comensing ... just . want . nap . 
really missing summer right about now 
made it to charleston :) 
has a new found like for watching the News . 
thoroughly enjoying the 70 degree weather by walking on beaches and playing some soccer :) 
needs a serious dose of fun ... feelin pretty miserable and it wont go away : / 
getting a great work out with dance central for kinect ... and gettin ' some sweet dance moves 
yes well I am polymerised tree saps and you are an inorganic adhesive so whatever verbal projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off me , returns on its original trajectory and adheres to you- < PROPMALE > 
Why do you build me up , buttercup baby just to let me down ... and then worst of all . you never call baby when u say you will . but i love you still . i need you .. 
join the dark side ..... we have cookies :) 
hates valentines day ... I feel like the Grinch 
wanted to have a bit of chocolate , so proceeded to trick my brother into showing me where he hid his valentines day chocolate ( mwahahaha ) but sadly he got away with it so I had to go to the gas station and proceed to spend $15 on chocolate , cookies , chips and cheese pop corn >_< I could have avoided this if he would have just let me have a bit of his chocolate .... 
reading a book b4 bed instead of the usual family guy ... there's a first for everything and I have a feeling I will fall asleep easily tonight ... 
< PROPFEMALE > ... this new game ... called rift ... do want .. 
30 days until bootcamp .... then I probably won't be back in Wisconsin for quite some time 
blueberry , pineapple , < PROPFEMALE > .... grape LOL ! 
Is it sad that a 3 year old is more knowledgeable about the tv , dvd player , satellite etc . than i am ?? boy i feel old 
Millions of peaches ... peaches for me ... millions of peaches ... peaches for free ... gonna move to the country n eat me sum peaches 
got some japanese starwars light saber chop sticks from < PROPFEMALE > ... and to < PROPFEMALE > out the evening ... we will watchanime and create dnd characters ... 
Drivin down the highway and just saw the < PROPFIRST > meyer weinermobile ... awesome 
down to the last 7 days before bootcamp :) 
great day for a walk/run ... mmm exercise 
Lol ... at my mom ordering 3 < PROPFEMALE > mustard snatch wraps at < PROPMALE > donalds ... and someone not understanding why it was funny 
today is the day i leave for bootcamp . im going to miss everyone very much ... my mom will be posting my address on my wall for those who would like to write to me : ) . goodbye wisconsin and hello to my new life adventure 
