The smell of roast lamb wafting from the kitchen , < PROPFEMALE > potatoes , glazed carrots and broccoli . Put the champagne in the refrigerator to chill . Waiting for invited guests and an opportunity to commune and wish the New Year in with all of oue best intentions . Happy New Year - this is my favorite holiday ! 

Beautiful day here in Canada .. hard to think the high temp here in Canada is the low temp in Texas tonite ! 
Happy to be home for two days and then off to Norfolk < PROPFEMALE > to haggle about colons or semi-colons in ASTM testing methods ... not sure about the validity of the exercise but understand that I have to make some strategic connections with the Petroleum god 
Maybe philosophically this is were good intentions can be converted to actionable change OR lost in the lobbying ... I am anxious to find out which and cast my vote . 
Smell of newly mown grass , now the porch has a view and the roadrunner came and hopped on the garden fence , on his way somewhere .... must be some or other fun run . I am soaked , burned , grass covered and mulched ... time to take that hour long soak in the bat 
Looking out over the river mouth here at Portsmouth .. beautiful weather , high of 84F here today . The Atlantic seaboard can be quite delightful . Hope to escape some very dry meetings . Designing analytical methods by committee is a slow laborious , nuanced pr 
Thats Portsmouth < PROPFEMALE > - tall ships and Naval Shipyard 
Coming back to the sauna today .. gonna miss these sultry 80 degree days here on the Eastern Seaboard . But I am Texas bound yeeha ! 
Very focussed and goal oriented at the moment , have some serious tasks to accomplish and some missions to complete .. and all because getting them to work will be such a high 
Three day weekend , some important milestones to complete this weekend and time to chill and enjoy the summer and celebrate my first fourth of July as an American citizen . 
So this is my claim to global citizenship- born a South African , become an American and the Facebook quiz on Inner nationalities has me pegged as Japanese . Kimono that combination !!! 
< PROPMALE > and Tour de < PROPFEMALE > ... what absolute synergy 
This was the zen week - chop wood and < PROPFEMALE > water . Baby steps to big goals . Slowly edging each dream closer to fruition . Sometimes the process of creation can be so painstakingly slow . Sometimes we do not realize what an intricate work it is to build real 
Going to Miracle baby's first birthday party today ! He had so much trouble when he was born , but he survived it all and he is healthy and bouncy and his Mommy and Daddy's pride and joy . Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > ! 
Organizing the next 96 hours - I am New York bound - gonna drive 5th Avenue and imbibe the ambiance . 
Off to Colorado Springs for the better part of the week , a conference to attend and meetings and greetings to host . Should be fun - should be stimulating , should be illuminating and it should be interesting . Do you think I am setting them up or something ? 
Fog rolling in off the mountains - 60F . Afternoon showers . I love Colorado 
Lost a very dear friend today - she died at the tender age of 47 years old . Will always remember your laughing face < PROPFEMALE > . RIP dear one 
Friday - quickly wrap up this course - grade the participants and have them grade the course , then off to the office for the weekly meeting and strategy planning and then drive for 2.5 hrs until I get the < PROPMALE > welcome ... puppies so glad to see me that they are in danger of losing their tails and nibby . Mom with a cup of tea and a weeks worth of ranch happenings to report and a honey-do list to keep the planets aligned 
< PROPFEMALE > with a list of things I need to take care of and things we need to do for some quality time ... don't you just love the complexity of life sometimes . Its such a < PROPMALE > tapestry in the little things of every day and the grand plans of designing new machines and figuring out how to ship products that are considered hazardous materials . Its all so colorful and < PROPMALE > . I love that part . 
So much a week can hold ... joys , pain at the loss of a loved one , celebration of that persons life and the impact that they had and the legacy they leave behind and the emptiness that has no comparison for those left to deal with the world after they go on . Such is life , a dichotomy of all of these ups and downs within the same time space . 
Planning on A Yahtzee Fest tomorrow 
My Mom got her Green Card yesterday .. it has been a long journey to get here . 
Off to Portland Oregon to < PROPFEMALE > out with the Geologists . What a way to spend the weekend 
Have to write an article and not sure where to start ... circumlocution has no starting point .. you know what I mean ? 
Commuting back to < PROPFIRST > this evening . Its a very beautiful time of the year here in Texas - perfect days , beautiful sunshine and pleasant temperatures , makes you want to be outside chasing little white balls across wide expanses of green fairways and in my case verdant roughs ... Golf anyone ? 
Had a sampling of what life must be like for Californians . The disconnect of three hours with the East Coast sure makes business a bear to conduct . When you are revving up into action those East Coasters are winding down for lunch and when you are ready to talk to them after lunch , they are going home ... I am just saying this time change messes with a Central Time Zone girls head . 
8 hours of driving today - not the best way to treat your back or neck ... so now I am a stiff necked cooked backed travelled out person happy to be home ... thank goodness for singing puppies who make you think you are the only one in the whole wide world . I was royally greeted and < PROPFIRST > to by my collie wobble . < PROPFIRST > you are a < PROPMALE > . 
To all of you on this special day - thank you for being you and for being a part of my life . It makes the tapestry of my existence < PROPMALE > , colorful and exciting and I treasure each thread that binds us together . Happy Thanksgiving and may the gratitude be pervasive and all encompassing . 
So I am singing .. don't let the rain come down .. oh no.no don't let the rain come down , my house roof has a hole in it and it is letting all of the rain inside of it .... send the fixer up man quickly please ... I can't stand the breeze ... my chillin about to freeze and they the ones with the coats . 
Had the most magnificent 2 hr Skype conversation with old class mates from my primary and high school days . What a hoot to relive our youth and find out where everybody went and what happened to them along the way . And it was like riding a bicycle . Great to catch up with you , Cilla , < PROPFEMALE > B . and < PROPFEMALE > . We will have to get < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > into the next Kombuis Tafel Koffie Klutch . 
Anaheim , California - for 3 days - but no Disney - just writing the next science-fiction for the petro industry . 
The Cilanage Event Planners are planning a 35th Year Benoni High School reunion for the Class of 75 . We need some input on dates here . So all BHS exes please contact me for more information . 
Anyone just interested in visiting SA with me next year , sign up , besides the reunion there is also the World Cup Soccer and an interesting country to visit . 
A request for prayers for my bother < PROPMALE > , as he goes in for some delicate heart surgery tomorrow . I hold you close < PROPMALE > us - Your sis 
Cold enough here in Texas to fire up the fire place and to snuggle up under the blankets in front of the TV with the sonorous snoring of sleepy dogs for background sound effects . Winter is a necessary season . 
What was cool about the church Xmas play was the basset hound that doubled as a reindeer to pull the mean ole ' grinches sleigh . I mean a reindeer that bays is just the coolest addition to the Christmas tradition , don't ya think . 
Its true - I watch KLRU 
To everyone I know and love , to those I hold dear and to those whom i have had a difficult time with in this year . May you know peace and happiness and may your worlds find the new horizons they seek . Here's to a blessed 2011 
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence . H.L. Mencken 
Getting ready for a trip to the near Artic . Canada here I come . Just for one day though . 
Got to work out in the Veggie Garden today and prepare the soil for a Spring garden here in Texas . Dig , hoe , rake - mind the fire ants ... such is life under the Texas sun today , a respectable 74F - 21 C . 
Yesterday I was gardening , to day I am battling a body invasion of a bug that gives you an upper respiratory tract infection . My lungs are protesting vehemently and I have had to unearth the Mega Bug Busting Vitamin C - 1000mg bombs . I've also discovered that I don't do \sick\ " really well - ask the poor people who share my household . " 
Taking a to do list that is an amorphous blob of undoability and subjecting it to rigourous desired outcome-next action strategy . Moving this stuff into doable micro-tasks that can Get it Done !!! I am a woman on a mission today . 
Off to Salt Lake City Utah , such an interesting state with its very own unique perspective on the world . 
Dinner last night with an old friend of 30 years - that's a lot of catching up and at the same time a < PROPMALE > to see the essence of the person you knew < PROPFEMALE > into the fullness of a life lived with all of its joys , sorrows and intricacies . < PROPFEMALE > , thank you for driving up from Alpine to visit with me . I am truly blessed . 
Today was Home Depot day . string , marker paint , dowel sticks , aherb garden plan the little riding mower to tackle the brush and undergrowth to clear a place for our < PROPMALE > Wheel . Six individual beds next weekends project and then plant with herbs that are germinating in jiffy pots right now . Parsley , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and thyme , < PROPMALE > , marjoram , oregano , dill , cilantro , lemon balm , spearmint - oh its a glorious project . 
I hear its Mardi Gras in Louisiana next week - so I am going to see for myself . I'll be down there for Shrove Tuesday and Ash Wednesday 
Next big project gets underway on my Nanoranch . Metal barn which will act as storage facility , Mom's potting shed , home gym and manufacturing facility for processing home grown herbs and making spa products - and other projects still in the pipeline . 
Happy Valentines Day to all of you wonderful people out there !! Hugs and smooches XXXOOOXXXOOO 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > - hope its a good one 
< PROPMALE > for 6 days of tradeshowing . Oh the life of a traveling sales woman .. at least I get to hook up with old friends 
I have a love /hate relationship with this tradeshow - I love it because I get to reconnect with all of my old friends in the industry and I hate it because the constant ache in my knees reminds me that I am no longer in my physical prime . Thank goodness for old friends and Aleve . LOL 
Homeward Bound - got a ticket for my destination , folks to hug , dogs to love on and most of all new concrete slab to inspect . The plan is cementing . 
The sound of running concrete and huge trucks churning up my nurtured turf .... 
Concrete Pad down - now for the building .. being picked up on Thursday . 
your Mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your mother still with you , or if she is an angel in heaven , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your mother and love her lot's .. I LOVE MY MOM 
Just re-connected with an old friend from 35 years ago - and had the coolest chat - thanks Gill - moments like these are priceless . I treasure them . 
Boston this week - to Hartford Connecticut this week 
Enjoying the most perfect Spring day along the Rhode Island coast . New England is absolutely burgeoning with blossoming trees and flowers . It is gorgeous up here this time of the year . 
Today I remember my good friend < PROPFEMALE > Wison who succumbed to a long courageous battle against breast cancer two years ago . RIP < PROPFEMALE > - you are remebered with great affection my friend 
Business here in the lovely city of Toronto today and then dinner with friends of thirty some years tonight . Life is a mixed blessing at the moment . 
The < PROPMALE > Garden Project is almost done , the Barn is fully functional as a store room , project HQ and Mom's Garden center - now to figure out a power plant -solar panels and storage batteries for the barn and a water storage system collecting water from the rooves of the house and the barn into rain barrels , taking the overflow into a 3000 gallon cistern and then pumping the water to the veggie garden for irrigation . 
My favorite airline is merging with my not so favorite airline ... this is not good news for me . I love Continental 
Had a really great time visiting with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > yesterday - we finally got together after living in the same cities for about 13 years and all because she offered me some gem squash seeds - it was really great seeing her and meeting her husband and daughter . 
Quick business trip to Michigan completed . Homeward bound with plenty of work . I can tell the economy is rebounding just by the sheer volume of quotes we are issuing . Saw some serious Solar panels today - makes me excited to think an array of 24 of them will power the average 2500ft2 home . 
Peas from the garden , Elgin hot sausage done in Bock beer , mashes potatoes with chives and a green salad with Beefsteak tomatoes - dinner at my house tonight - now we have to take the dogs down to Sonic for their Friday night treat - softserve in a cup split in two for . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . 
Pressurewashing the back deck today . Get the mildew off the cedar and then the zen activity of painting the exposed wood with a UV protectant seal . Ah the joys of taking care of your home - never a shortage of DIY projects 
Happy mothers day to all of my family and friends who are moms . To my Mom , who tells me - Mothers day is everyday , not just once a year . Happy mothers day mamacita ! 
If it does not fit in my pocket I ain't using it . 
Heading back to the Nanoranch from < PROPMALE > for some weekend R&R and one BIG chore - have to stain the deck , too many square feet I tell you - oh the life of a road warrior . \ 
Next week New Orleans for a show and tell , tease and sell session - not all bad I tell you . 
Rains filled the water barrels and watered the gardens . The plants perked up and danced . 
Gemsquash Flash - 11 plants are through the ground cover out of 17 seeds . 
New Orleans for two days ... I love this city . 
Show your pride for SA by adding this badge to your profile pic http://bit.ly/diNhK4 
Just watched the movie Invictus - 15 years later and we have lost our way again . 
Hanging out in the 800 block of Bourbon Street , Nawlins - watching the Lady Gaga Bad Romance video and smiling . Is it not amazing how you dicover a song and then it follows you around to the most unlikely places . The glass of Chardonnay wasn't bad either . 
Avenues of wrought iron balconoies overhang narrow streets filled with diverse humanity , each one drinking in their own impressions of this Crescent City . Such a melting pot of ambitions talents and dreams - everybody wanting a piece of the Big Easy cloaked in promise but exacting in its standards of excellence . Watching the drama unfold on the side . lines , impinged by high volume music and sour smells . 
Alligator for hor d'oerves , hot bread and a Rib Eye SteaK with Baked potato . Washed down with coffee and Creole Bread Pudding . 
Planning on a short trip to visit my friends in Utah over at the copper mine . Salt Lake City Bound this week . 
Finished writing my article for Petro Industry News . In for editing and fact checking otherwise it might be science fiction . Now to tie up some lose ends like expense claims . luckily those require less literary skills 
TO all whose mail box have been invaded by this intrusive application purportedly coming from me - let me set the record straight . I did not answer ANY questions about you . Please ignore the application and disregard any comments whatever they are - I did not make them - I opened an application sent to me from someone else and I closed it without making any changes to it or giving it permission to spam you 
Rattlesnake Roadkill outside our front gate last night - he came from our part of the country and was a baby .... two rattles on him/her ( I did not do a gender check ) - think I ' m a scardy cat ? ) 
Preparing for a trip to Michigan , Ohio and Pennsylvania . All of you Toyota drivers out there will be pleased to know Toyota is stepping up it's Quality program big time in the USA . Glad to have a part in that- help check out those parts - make sure engineering actual meets engineering specifications . 
Mom's banana muffins and hot tea sure makes sealing the back deck bareble . Still have to make a raised bed for Mom the Master Gardner's pepper plants . Watch for those football sized peppers and the bowling ball sized gem squashes . 
I am complete believer in < PROPFIRST>'s Miracle Gro , < PROPFEMALE>'s compost tea and our neighbors generous donations of manure . This is a fabulous experiment in Nitrogen , Phosphurus and potassium ratios . It pleases my inner chemist greatly . 
< PROPMALE > Evans - biscuits and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Sitting in < PROPMALE > Buffalos drinking < PROPMALE > Palmers and eating a Bison Steak Salad in < PROPFEMALE > Ohio messing around on Facebook 
Heading back to Texas for the weekend . Time to catch ones breath and do the chop wood and < PROPFEMALE > water things in my life and the dreaded expense report . 
You know you are addicted to FB when you are updating your status from 30,000 ft 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > had a play date with Tyner and < PROPFEMALE > , my puppies are prissy diva dogs playing let's guard our territory . Obviously in need of more socialization . Bring them back < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Staying in quaint Morgantown , Pennsylvania , this week . First settled by the Welsh in 1777 . It is the village at the heart of the Caernavon Township . Translated from Welsh means Fort on the River . Rolling green hills and lush trees . Home to Singer Sewing Machines and McNeilus Cement Mixers and Timet ( largest Titanium Alloy producer in the USA - who are really good customers of < PROPFIRST > Bay Minerals - South Africa ) . 
The ultimate in delayed gratification . Apple says my new Ipad is ready for collection today . I only get back to < PROPFIRST > on Friday night . Can only get it on Saturday . 
Artificial photosynthesis and glass panes that produce electricity 
I saw that goal Tshabala 
Marques equalizes for Mexico 
Verdict : Bafana bafana held themselves well . 
USA vs England today . We are looking for a Boston Tea Party moment 
No Boston Tea Party - but we denied them victory . 
Dowloaded the iPhone Vuvuzela App . Scared my colliewobble from clear across the room . He came and hid under the chair . LOL What a great weapon of mass destruction 
Its time for the Coffee Party to target insane irresponsible Senators like < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > who would have BP ruin our environment while they play our legal system . Its time to shakedown the fat cats and replace them in November with environmentally responsible citizens who can balance their judgement between what is right for the people and their own personal greed . 
USA vs Algeria in the soccer tomorrow - I can say I have lived in one and visited the other . Kinda interesting . USA is looking for the win tomorrow with some margin . 
Working on Tulsa Time today . Oklahoma bound . 
Driving the garden club float in the Western Days Parade in Elgin TX ... oh the smell of horse manure . Thank goodness my iron horse just has gas . 
Ahhh Noooooooooooooooooooo !! Valiantly played USA . Congratulations to Ghana . In 4 years time . We will be back . 
Heading back to < PROPFIRST > in the early am from Kansas City . Do any of you know what 4:30 am looks like ? < PROPFIRST > Pratt you are excluded from this because you may actually be up and functioning at this hour . Thank goodness for Starbucks coffee LOL 
Oy Vey tooo much smoooozing last night and nowhere near enough sleep 
Heard from two people in separate communiques today that I have not had contact with for more than 10 years on separate unrelated items , yet I was involved with both of them on a common project 10 years ago . \ 
Weird coincidence or what ? 
Germany makes churrusco of < PROPFEMALE > 
The Europeans are taking the cup home . I am putting my money on Germany after this . 
Cautious engineering Lolli 
The octopus oracle survives for speaking the truth 
Congratulations Spain . 
Got to admit after watching the precision with which the Spaniards play , they are going to be the team to beat in the finals . 
Finally succumbed to the evil infomercial empire and acquired one of those NuWave infrared ovens- test drove it on a corned beef roast this evening and I am so impressed with my ability to read instructions I can hardly stand it . \ 
Dang this is a marvellous invention ! 
For all of you South Africans wanting to continue the spirit of ayobaness after the World Cup - I have an idea . If you are interested in logging into an Internet broadcast contact me at lxo@aol.com . 
The idea is practical , readily implemented and will harness the goodwill you have fostered during the games from a global\ 
audience . The idea is aimed at alleviating some of the most basic problems facing SA today . The idea is about grassroots participation and it can involve anyone in SA society . 
The ultimate decadence - playing scrabble on my iPad in the bathtub . 
Saturday Morning chores - drinking early morning coffee on the back deck contemplating the to do list . Playing Words with Friends in between . 
The new < PROPFIRST > Di Caprio movie Inception sounds interesting . I love complex . 
The windmill is up and running ! The storm clouds are gathering on the horizon . 
Now to turn the weedwacker into a brushcutter . Swap plastic for steel . 
Oosthuizen- you beauty . Mossel Baai winds are a great training partner . Congratulations . 
Sitting @Starbucks in Brenham drinking an iced coffee and contemplating the rest of the drive home . It's 94F out there and I think I'll just stay here a few moments longer , answer my e-mails , play my scabble turn , mess on my Ipad and then muster up the courage to gun that car home . 
Booking my flight back to SA in September 
< PROPMALE > bound for 4 days - ah the Rockies 
Having the best time at < PROPMALE > catching up with old colleagues and reminiscing about my trip to Switzerland in 1989 and my visit to the Matterhorn , its always fun connecting with my scientific community . Its hard to believe I have been in the States for 13 years already , I feel like a veteran . 
This road warrior is homeward bound . I love Fridays . 
Coffee in bed watching Sunday Morning on CBS , contemplating those chores before the Road Warrior suits up for next week's activities . 
Abstract submitted for a paper I have to give in March 2011 . It all seems so far away now . 
Mom got a surprise this morning when she went to water her plants in the barn . A helpful rat snake had eaten the pesky rodent we were trying to evict using the famous glue pad traps . Unfortunately the snake came to a sticky end when it swallowed the trapped rodent and itself got caught on the trap . Managed to escape and make it into the potplant base , curled up and died . 
Planning my trip back to SA , so many people to reconnect with and so little time . I am excited about seeing everyone again . 
Sunday morning - Coffee in bed watching guys fishing for giant catfish with their bare hands . Catfish large enough to eat small children . TV travel is a fascinating armchair past time . 
This is high intensity FOCUS week . 
Do or die today 
Happy to report I pulled off the perfect demo . I was impressed . Now I need a drink !!! 
Getting ready for a Canadian Adventure in two weeks , catch a big plane , catch a puddle jumper , hire a car , jump on a kayak , hop off before the falls and then take the dog sled downtown to the pub - hotel to go give a boring paper to people who have to do fusions in sub zero temperatures and probably skidded in the night before . TRAIL British Columbia how much fun can that be . Toughening me up for my African adventure 
Turning my little red car toward Austin ... homeward bound , what an awesome week . 
Jack , Jesse , Momand I off to HEB for shopping and then DQ for Puppies delight . They just love softserve icecream . Its my entertainment out here in the country . 
Just closed the BEST ever month since I started working for RIGAKU in April 2009 . We are red hot and on fire in XRF . 
Preparing for my religious experience next week . Doing a demo for Father < PROPFIRST > on Tuesday next week from the Catholic University of < PROPFEMALE > and the Mormons from\ 
Brigham Young University on Wednesday . Will feel compelled to tell it like it is ... No science fiction . 
Friday - take me home country roads .... 
19 days to Re union 35 . What have the years done to all of us ? 235 of us to be exact . I see many are parents to the next generation . \ 
Some have receding hairlines and exceeding belt lines . Some still go for 5 km runs before breakfast . 
No Canadian adventure - off on a rattlesnake roundup in Arizona instead . 
IKEA shopping expedition-new office furniture ooolala 
Watching the baby hummingbirds feeding at the feeders . This year we had a crop of ten babies . They are territorial critters , buzzing and dive bombing one another at lightening fast speeds . They will be heading for Mexico soon for the winter . It's been a ritual to feed them every year while they raise their young in the Juniper trees on our land . 
Off to the Border down Mexico way . Arizona roadtrip . Tucson , Safford , Miami - mixin it up with those Copper miners this week . 
http://www.asarco.com/AMDC/mining.html\ 
\ 
This is where I am heading 
Have you ever noticed how you have personal spurts of growth and new understanding . This trip to Arizona has opened up a new realm of possibilities . The process is always so subtle it's difficult to know when it's happening , you wake up one morning and your perception is forever altered . 
Next week this time I will be on South African soil 
Sitting in a hotel room in Phoenix messing around on FB listening to < PROPFIRST > Baez . I love the woman - she gets inside my head and my heart . Saw her in concert in February this year and she has matured into this phenomen < PROPMALE > being with a rare and exception < PROPMALE > t < PROPMALE > ent . She has been at every milestone event in my life with some great song or other . Tonight it's Gracias < PROPMALE > la < PROPFEMALE > . Here's to life 
DIY heaven at my house today . All those IKEA purchases from last Saturday are to be put together this morning . 
Some useless information for my South African FB friends . Women in the States tend to hyphenate their last names to their maiden name and then their married name . It's a kinda useful tradition especially if you are looking for your old school friends that are hiding behind their married names 
Home improvement project completed , now downloading music for the looooooong plane ride back to South Africa 
Took the puppies to DQ for ice cream- they love this 
Complicated rendezvous being planned . Cousin < PROPFEMALE > flies in from Johannesburg to London on her way to the States . I fly from < PROPMALE > to London on my way to Johannesburg and Brother < PROPMALE > who works at Heathrow meets both of us in Terminal 5 at 8 am Thursday morning for coffee . Hope we have matching tail winds to speed us to this rendezvous . 
12 hrs to the start of Die Groot Trek 
Today's the day ..... see you south of the equator at Latitude 28 ' S . 
That's 26 degrees S and 28 degrees E . To be exact - otherwise we would have to meet at the Casino on the Warmbad road . LOL 
Passed a guy in the < PROPFIRST > airport sporting a T Shirt that said \Play Rugby - Explore your inner Zulu\ " . Must admit to being a bit confused by the metaphor ... " 
Managed to hook up with Cousin < PROPFEMALE > at Heathrow 
Navigating South Africa and the joys of being a visitor in what used to be my stomping grounds 
Saw my cousins and it did my heart good . Love my extended family . Had the best time . Thanks < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . Great seeing Lorrainr and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > and their boys . 
Countdown to satisfying my curiosity . 35th Re Union zero hour approaches ... 
Is still assimilating how absolutely fabulous it was to see everyone last night and how the years have woven their magic . 
Sunday gathering of the Oelofse tribe around the ritual braai . Cousins , only surviving uncle and aunt and offsping - 4 generations around the meat cooking pit . Aah Africa . 
Today my challenge is to get Vodacom SA to turn talk time into data time on a device that does not make outgoing calls . Its an iPad not an iPhone ... I bring this like a missionary 
Visited with some very good friends in Fochville , tragic story of the loss of three children out of a family of five kids within the space of fifteen years . Hard burden to bear for this wonderful family . I hold them in my heart . My mother has always said , it's not right for a mother to have to bury her children . 
And a vote of complete faith for my friend < PROPFEMALE > , taking care of her husband of thirty years standing . < PROPFIRST > has Alzheimers and < PROPFEMALE > has had to shoulder the responsibilities of supporting the household and being his primary caregiver . < PROPFEMALE > you are an inspiration and I love you for your dedication and caring soul . This is a lonely painful path and you walk it with such resolve and fortitude . 
Off to Cape Town - wine , women and two oceans . Visiting the megalopolis of Napier and good friends < PROPFIRST > and Kathy ... Hermanus - whale watching and wine drinking . 
Hermanus - looking out over the ocean and indulging in a silent love affair with this country all over again . It's beauty knows no bounds . Whales out in the bay and a steady breeze blowing off the ocean . Imprints on my DNA from ancestors who braved these oceans to settle on these shores and make it home . 
And now I too am an wayfaring stranger settling in a foreign land , but the call of Africa beckons me every once in a while and my love for this land knows no bounds . 
Greetings from the Southern most tip of Africa 
To those of you who know < PROPFEMALE > Gous , I had dinner with her last night and she is doing so well and sends her regards to all of you . It was a really special occasion to visit with her and have the best ever conversation that covered the last 35 years . I consider myself blessed indeed . 
So tonight I thought I was one of the manne from the < PROPMALE > Hotel , hanging out on the Verandah of the Fire Grill in Bredasdorp . < PROPFIRST > I understand all about Blokkies Joubert . 
Waking up to the crowing of < PROPMALE > the silky bantam cock and his gaggle of hens < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and Pom-Pom ( I do not know if they escaped from the Moulin Rouge to Napier ) . Crisp spring morning going in search of coffee.it's quiet and most beautifully scenic here in the Overberg . 
Last day in Cape Town , yesterday I visited with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , Tersia and Skyla , what a pleasure to re-connect and reminice . < PROPFIRST>'s humor is as sharp as ever and < PROPFEMALE>'s onto a new project . Visited Canal World and must say it is a shopping centre of note , beautiful concept and design . I was very impressed . Drove home at twilight with Table mountain and Signal Hill silhouetted against the dusk sky . 
Today I am taking the long road round through Sea Point over Chapmans Peak Drive to Simonstown and then onto Cape Point and then to see the meeting of the two oceans . 
A Fynbos Martini- fynbos infused bitters ... Now that's a thought . West Coast Mussels and then something sweet and irresistible . 
Watching the guys and gals para sailing and widsurfing in this stiff breeze at Sweetwater near Kommetjie as the clouds literally roll over the mountains from the False Bay side and shroud the land in a thick fog 
Watching the oceans roil around this tip of Africa - with it's changeable personality , today it is definitely the Cape of Storms . I can imagine being pitched to and fro on these oceans . Visibility limited to a few mms at best as the mist cloaks the fynbos and Proteas in life giving dampness 
Homeward bound today - Cape Town to Johannesburg-Johannesburg to London overnight-London to < PROPMALE > all day tomorrow and then a short hop from < PROPMALE > to < PROPFIRST > . 
A little reluctant to be leaving these shores ... Still a big part of me that is African . But what fabulous memories I take back with me . 
Sitting at Cape Town airport watching the clouds roll down over the mountains around Stellenbosch today . 
Halfway between the two halves of my heart - just happens to be Heathrow . The much anticipated holiday has come and gone . Memories linger like large footprints on my psyche . There are people in Africa that I love very much . Sanbonani , Hamba Ghale back to bring a Scatterling of Africa 
Back in Texas - up at 4:45 am - because it's really 11:45 am for me . Fall temperatures in the upper 50s . F . Smell of cinnamon and apple spice in the living room . I love Fall . Setting the dog and the cat free to do their biznes and enjoying the stillness of the early morning sky . 
May it rain on Africa !!! 
Brunch with my American Mom 
Heading for Galveston in the morning 
its a gorgeous fall day here in Texas . Still 88 F very bearable after the summer temps of June through Sept . Heading to the Coast for a two day conference . 
Just completed the most awesome cocktails and story time . Love it when a marketing bash actually succeeds . 
Galveston is pretty today - moderate breeze and lots of sunshine . Having breakfast/ lunch overlooking the sea . It's a tranquil moment after a fairly hectic tradeshow . Very pleased with the contacts I made , it will go along way to getting us into the Petrochem producers club . Got to start brushing up on my golf prowess . 
If you could have one wish what would it be ? 
Survived the annual mammogram now just have to make it through the annual physical on Monday and then the running of the gauntlet on all of this years indignities are completed . 
Pachabel's Canon and Gigue in D-Great music to head bang to . 
Mondays are a statement of our collective statement of insanity , we get to do it all over again looking for a different outcome . 
Homeward bound in a bit - I love Fridays 
Tango - has got to be the most sensual dance in the books 
Getting a face washing from my dog . 
Todays the Halloween party at work . It's a scary occurrence specially when < PROPFEMALE > starts looking for the baby daddy . 
Just installed the new AT&T High Speed Internet and this stuff is screamingly fast . 
I voted - that was easy ! 
Sitting in a poster session talking rocks with the knowlegeable folks of the Geological Society of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Off to the < PROPFIRST > Celtic Festival tomorrow , for < PROPFEMALE > Folk music , Scottish dancing and Caber Tossing and some story telling by men in kilts . 
Having my first taste of winter in Salt Lake City . I forgot how this os NOT my favorite season . 
Saturday morning - coffee in bed , catching up with my world on FB , planning a < PROPFEMALE > to off the side of the barn to shelter Mums rainforest of plants from the coming frosts . Time to take out the power tools and play < PROPMALE > the Builder . 
Today started off orderly and then fell into disarray . Orders that seemed lost were resurrected and sure fire deals were drawn out a little further , this selling game ain't for sissies . Sometimes you need nerves of steel . Mine have a bit of rust on them at the moment . 
< PROPMALE > Groban has a new CD out Illuminations - love Galileo - I am just saying 
Grand Marnier apperitif , < PROPMALE > serenading us in the background concert hall style and dinner being served . Thanks Mum for taking care of us and < PROPFIRST > the colliwoble stuck to my left ankle ... It does not get much better than this . 
Check out my blog at http://lxo858.wordpress.com 
So < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > scored this great haul of lumber for our Chicken Coop project . She saved the wood from the city dump where it was headed . So them chicks are going to live in repurposed housing . 
Update on my blog for the curious \ 
http://lxo858.wordpress.com 
First freeze of winter last night , coffee in bed this morning watching Holmes on Homes 
New update on my blog - http://lxo858.wordpress.com 
Syncronicity and connectedness , I was just sitting wondering for no apparent reason , what in the world has happened to Will Tagel and < PROPFEMALE > Yost , and I just happened to see that < PROPFEMALE > Borgen had joined the Wisdom University < PROPFEMALE > . So I was browsing through the faculty information and it turns out that both Will and < PROPFEMALE > are part of this institution . Hows that for synchronicity . 
Exploring the coming together of the unconnected - check this out at http:// lxo858.wordpress.com 
Just get the link right http://lxo858.wordpress.com 
Finally got the Christmas Tree up and decorated , discovered all orchid treasures from Christmases past and revelled in sons of the joy of the season . Remembered friends in far away places , friends who have moved on and friends that are sure to come my way . Blessings to all of them wherever they maybe and may they know peace on earth and goodwill to all beings . 
Check out my latest blog @ http://lxo858.wordpress.com 
Check out this travel photo I found through the Rough Guides World Lens : http://www.roughguides.com/photo/golden-gate-bridge.aspx 
Spending my day flying back home . 
< PROPFEMALE > I am home 
Nobody's personal trainer should be named < PROPFEMALE > . Especially if it's your first workout session in many moons . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of my friends and family distributed around the globe ! Hold you close and remember you all with love in my heart . 
Waiting for my friend from South Africa to arrive - its her first visit to the States . I know my first visit 15 years ago blew me away . 
Ferry from Galveston to the Bolivar Peninsula to witness the devastation that Hurricane < PROPMALE > left in its path firsthand , lots of property for sale going cheap . 
Off to the theatre to watch Tango Buenos Aires 
Early morning work out with < PROPFEMALE > the Personal Trainer . Today we focused on chest muscles . Pity you have to use your arms to exercise your chest , so tomorrow I am fixin to be a limited hug zone cos I will have muscles no one has even heard of . 
Listening to some South African Afrikaans music and marveling at the lyricism of the lyrics . Dwall ek in die gange < PROPFIRST > verlange - daar vind ek jou . Guess we all know the sentiment of missing someone so bad . 
Taxes filed .... send the refund now . 
Heading for the frozen North East seaboard . Packing snow gear . One week of sales calls 
When I left < PROPFIRST > Texas the am it was a balmy 2 degrees Celsius , I landed in Philadelphia to a whopping -11 degrees celcius , and this is not the coldest part of the North East , Vermont is at -16 degrees Celcius 
Driving along the I-80 in Pennsylvania in near white out snow conditions , staying in the semi trailer ruts . Hope to be in Grove City before the day ends . Not my favorite pastime . 
Friday night - happy hour on the back deck 
What a great day when your neighbors put in a gate between you a them so we can access each other more readily . I love our neighbors , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > you are the best 
Chicken Coop project underway ... watch this space 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Focusing on busy season - mixed with plenty of changes and miracle making 
Atlanta bound - my 15th Pittcon - how sad is that . LOL 
Hours of entertainment at my house-Jinger , the stray red cat has come to live and < PROPFIRST > , the Colliesoble is finding out that communication with cats is a two street . just watched Jinger < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > around the house .. :) 
Mowed two acres , laying in the bath tub with a glass of wine contemplating my next move ... Can I get to the soap that is .... LOL 
Last call of the week - here at Niagara Falls - then homeward bound 
Middle of Mega change week !!!!! 
Happy with the evolution of life at the moment , chasing some personal goals that will make 2011 rock , new image , new health profile , new job growth opportunities , new friends , trip back to South Africa mid year . All of the changes that have happened , no matter how painful , have been the right changes to make - sometimes you have to be burned in the fire , to refine the metal in you . 
89 days and counting 
Heading to < PROPMALE > for Sales Training Week 
