SNOW ALREADY ?!? Florida is sounding better and better . 

Well , at least it was warm today ... 
Well , at least it's not snow ... 
No more rain .... the creek is flooded .... 
new pics posted .. more to come later ... 
is making suasage and pancakes for dinner ... yummy ... 
scratched my eye .... can't stand any bright lights .... kinda limits my day . 
has got a stinkin headache ... not movin of fthe couch if I can help it 
is feeling blah .... 
is hoping tomorrow is better than today . 
is still hoping for a better day . 
Hope everyone has a great New Year's!!! 
is home sick today .... 
definitely must be getting old .... spending a Friday night guessing crayon colors with the kids .. 
We ended up with 6.5 inches here . What did everyone else get ? 
is going to Coal's Choral Concert tonight . 
is hoping it gets warm again ... SOON !!! 
had a long day ... going to fall into bed now .... 
Laundry , laundry and more laundry .... well at least it is warm out :-) 
can't sleep . one sheep , two sheep , three sheep ... this is not working ... 
Happy Mother's Day 
is heading to Mom's for Mother's day . 
is wondering if it's March or May ???? 
can't sleep again ..... 
< PROPFEMALE>'s softball tournament is tomorrow .... Here's to hoping they don't get rained out .. 
< PROPFEMALE>'s softball tema won the first game in the tournament .... it's gonna be a looooong day tomorrow :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s team didn't win , but they played their little hearts out for 3 games . 
The grass is finally mowed ..... I really should remember to wear shoes when I mow it .... YUCK 
can't believe the weekend is over already ! 
really should b asleep right now ..... 
so the kids got out the Slip N Slide today ... they had a blast til they came running in , \We can't play outside .... It's raining !!!!!! \ " Still trying to figure this logic out .................. " 
Happy Father's Day !!!! 
has a question .... Is anyone else having issues uploading pictures ? I can only upload one at a time and the uploader is different than I remember . Am I missing something ? 
The girls lost the fis 
the girls lost the 1st game in the championship :( But at least they made it to the championship . 
getting ready to watch The Last Airbender :-D 
had a great weekend . Now it's time to get the house organized for < PROPFEMALE>'s sleep over this weekend . 
when I said I wanted warmer weather , this is not what I had in mind . 100 degrees is over-doing it a bit !!!! 
is getting all of the last minute things ready for < PROPFEMALE>'s slumber party tomorrow 
survived < PROPFEMALE>'s slumber party .... not as many girls showed up .... pictures coming soon !!! 
' s gotta get everything around for the kids ' day camp tomorrow ... which I somehow got talked into volunteering for . Not sure how much I am looking forward to a bunch of screaming K-2 kids . 
It looks like it is FINALLY going to rain .... I hope it eases some of this humidity . 
Coal is having a sleepover tonight .... Who would have thought that 4 little boys would be noisier than than a bunch of girls ? 
is getting ready to go to see Kiss . (<PROPMALE>'s father's Day gift . ) 
is NEVER going to Montage Mountain for another concert again !!! The jerks took my umbrella cause it could be a weapon and my chairs cause they were too tall !! I < PROPMALE>' t think I ' ve ever been do pissed off !!! The poor kids are gonna be soaked !!!!! 
Kiss concert was great !! Luckily the rain head off til we were about 15 minutes down the road !! 
is finally home and in bed ... morning is gonna come too damn early ! 
should have been in bed a LONG time ago !!!! 
My\ 
mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me \ 
succeed , saw me fail , cheered me on and kept me strong ! Moms are a \ 
promise from God that you will have a friend forever !! ? I love my \ 
mom !!! ? Put this on ur status if you love your MOM !!!!!!!! 
is laying in bed , wishing for sleep that won't come ....... 
is going to bed , hoping to find sleep . 
is going to bed and ( hopefully ) getting some sleep . 
September\ 
is cancer month : In memory of every cancer patient , family member and \ 
friend who has lost their battle with cancer and in honor of those who \ 
continue to conquer it ! Put this up for 1 hour if you love someone who \ 
has or had cancer . Many won't copy and paste , I did ... Will you ? 
so < PROPMALE > & I decided to stop smoking . Hopefully we can do it and not kill each other in the process . 
has a horrid headache and can't sleep yet again .... 
has to go to Harrisburg today .... 
is already pining for summer .... 
is getting really sick ... yuck !!! 
hates being sick .. 
age 4 Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn't \ 
really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn't know anything . At 16 : Mom \ 
doesn't exist . At 18 : She's old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe mom does know \ 
about this . At 35 : Before we decide , let's ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder what\ 
... mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my ......... Mom about this . \ 
Post this if you have the BEST MOM IN THE WORLD 
has a horrid headache that just wont go away .... 
is trying to stay awake through an HR meeting with a < PROPMALE > Stien impersonator . 
gotta love being on a phone conference and having the call drop unexpectedly and repeatedly !!!! UGH !!!! 
The transmission on the car is shot . Crap , crap crap !!!! Can't things go good for once ???? 
finally decided to give Skype a try . Working out pretty well so far . 
Finally got my new phone !!!! woohoo !!! 
is making her spoiled rotten dog own blanket . 
You and I wake up in jail together ... Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment you must copy and paste this into your status so I can comment on yours . Fair is fair ... Play along :) 
Hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving holiday !!!! 
is enjoying the day in my nannies with the kids while < PROPMALE > is at the store braving the crowds . :-D 
Somebody just smashed half of the mailboxes on our road .... the guy was alone .... who goes and smashes mailboxes ALONE ?!?! 
Is SO glad tomorrow is Friday !!! 
YUCK !!!! It's snowing !!! 
Spent the day feeling like crap ... :-( 
Has an almost new Wii with lots of extras for sale . Anyone interested ? 
There are several inches of snow on the ground here ..... yuck !!!! I am REALLY missing summer . 
Someone please , please tell me it's Friday !! 
Goodnight everyone . 
TGIF !!!!! 
Is at Coal's first wrestling tournament . Poor kid is a bundle of nerves . 
Coal got 3rd place !!!! Great job for his first tournament !!!!! He is super stoked !!!!! 
has an awful cold !!! Yuck ... 
Today is going to be a looong day . 
Thank you for all of the birthday wishes . 
Thank you everyone for all of the Birthday wishes . < PROPMALE > and I really appreciate it . :) 
Is having one of those days that never seems to end .... 
We are another wrestling tournament . Coal isn't having such a good day . He has lost his first two matches , two more to go .... 
Wishes everyone a safe and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
had to venture out in this nasty snow .... Thankfully < PROPMALE > was driving . The roads are crummy . 
is thankful Coal finally agreed to get his shaggy hair cut . 
It's snowing like crazy here . I am so thankful I don't have to drive to get to work . 
Ugh !! It's snowing again . This time they are calling for up to 5 inches ... 
Brrrrrrrr ..... it's freaking COLD !!!! 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% ! 
