school is BORING !!!!! i have a sports and entertanment marketing class omg that is so easy to play games in there 

comment on photos . PLEEZ 
had the worst day EVER . some < PROPFIRST > @$$ ran my dog over and we had to put her to sleep . 
Comment on my photos 
comment on my pictures . i need some baddly . 
comment on my pictures . 
comment on my pictures 
has to go march in the parade to day . fun ! ( sigh ) 
comment on my pictures . plz !!!!!! 
has a head ach 
is tired . comment on my photo's 
is not ready for morning pratice on our field show this friday . < PROPMALE > EAGLES !!! 
yah we have morning practice in the morning for our feild show . ( sigh ) we playing jaws into < PROPMALE > then mission impossible and 1 more i think but i cant remember . it is awsome 
idk what to do she makes me so aggrivated she needs to make her mind up and keep it there and not have 2nd thoughts . 
omg she is a muther ducker . i hate her she was just playing me . i will never talk to her again . i hope she sees this be4 i delete her from my life . hates bitches . 
about to go to bed have to wake up at 10 to work carmal apple stand . bore 
\no you dont no what it's like-when nothing feels alright-you dont no what its like to be me-to be hur t-t o be los t-t o be left out in the dark-to be kicked when your down-to feel like you've been pushed around-to be on the edge of breaking down-when no ones there to save you-no you dont no what its like- welcome to my life . \ " welcome to my life . " 
CANT WAIT TILL FRIDAY !!!!! HOMECOMING !!!! we be playing drexel(whoever the hell that iz ) and last game we were on tv . but we lost . but we will get them next time . 
just found a VERY cute baby < PROPFEMALE > in our yard . 
so tired !!!! had homecoming dance friday nite after the game against drexel . and ya we beat them . 
when i grow up i want to be a penguin mwahahahahaha 
it iss my happy happy birthday !!!! YAHHHHH !!!!! i is 15 !!!! =) 
just had districst and they took for ever !!!! but the trumpet part me and < PROPMALE > did waz amazing !!! 
is playing iorn man volly ball tonight ............. we gonna kick some senior butt 
my imaginary friend thinks you have problems 
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL TOMORO =) 
here comes CHRISTMAS 
HAPPY CHRISTMAS AND A < PROPFEMALE > NEW YEAR !!!!!!!! 
have fun tessla 
happy christmas and a < PROPFEMALE > new year 
happy christmas and a < PROPFEMALE > new year !!!!! =) 
is back from kansas city had fun it da city ............. HAPPY NEW YEARS :) 
avatar was the best movie to end the year 09 with 
is now a hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobic ................... can you tell me what that means is the question .... 
starting to be confused by math ....... wats the point in finding the linear system by graphing ? 
got a 1 on trumpet trio :) but a 2 on solo :( 
is home from the best concert ever ............. lee and walmack , < PROPFEMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > straight had the best concert ever ............ then i got to spend the time with tiff and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
peace out suck-a 
people of farm town .............. SEND ME HENS OR GEESE PLEASE !!!!! 
PEACE OUT SUCK-A 
DAY 1 OF TRACK : IT * UCKING SUCKS IM ALREADY SORE AND IT WAS A 45 < PROPFEMALE > PRACTICE 
districst tomoro very nervous and hopin we get a one 
today was awesome .................. we got a 1 on our trumpet trio witch means that we get to go to STATE !!!!!! :-)) 
so freshman year is AMAZING I LOVE IT : i went to all districs , got a 1 at neo and districs , i get to go to state as a fresh man , got first on our sci fair project , AND is the only freshman to letter this year :)))))) 
is tired we ran the city corse ( 2.5 miles ) today and i ran it in 13 < PROPFEMALE > 35 sec 
is not ready for school im SOOOO tired 
is thinking about going to sleep but then i will dream and once again evil gnomes will be after me and the will eat my intestines ............ so if u dont c me monday u no what happened lolzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz nite 
drummajor practice tomoro at 7 in da morning and hopefully i make it :) 
is tired of being the mediator in all the drama ive had it if one more person causes drama i will go bazerk on them .............. MWAHAHAHAHA !!! 
is so sad miss medlin is changing schools and she is going to libral witch means we get a new teacher and if they r going to come in and try to change everything i will change that 
wonders if ZEBRAS r black with white stripes or white with black stripes ??? The voices in my head were just arguing bout it ... I need to shut them up !! 
????????? ???? € ???? € ?? 
just saw his best friend < PROPFEMALE > Bausinger 
is nervous because he has drum < PROPMALE > tryouts tonite after school 
guess what i did awesome at drum < PROPMALE > tryouts so awesome i made it :)))))))))) 
comment on my new pics ......... especialy the rings idk what to get 
worlds of fun tomoro ... we have to march and play ( at the same time ) to go big j i belive 
any one on myspace ad my new profile im going to delete the old one 
omfg this week has gone by so slow ............. ugh ........ less then 20 days of school left tho :) 
is so excited for tomoro we leave for state at 10 :) 
TODAY : we leave for state , go gocarting , and sleepin our hotel room TOMORO : we play our music at state , drive 4 hours back , get ready for prom , PROM !! 
so i officaly hate history .......... how am i suppose to have a radio sho with an interview of < PROPFEMALE > st. < PROPMALE > millay(poet ) and < PROPFEMALE > wills(btw it was spelled wrong in the book so i spent 3 days trying to figure out who she was ) and have a commercial about refrigerators ................ i mean REALLY !!!!!! 
so in like 14 1/2 days school is out then EVERYTHING changes 1 ) New principle 2 ) Teachers may get changed around 3 ) Miss Medlin is Leaving 4 ) All the Seniors are leaving either next year is going to be amazingly awesome OR it will suck majorly 
am omfg so i am watching the shining and you would never guess what came on ( only people in band would recognize it ) ............ In The Mood was playing and it was awesome ......... cause i was doing homework and i heard it and said \i got to post this on FaceBook ! \ " .............. lolz im such a band geek " 
doesnt feel like getting up in the morning just to go to a track meet and sit there and do nuthing ! its actually kinda dum 
tut tut smells like rain 
so today it is raining when i wake up ........ today is our concert ........... and today is the day we say good bye to the seniors :'( 
so in a couple hours we are going to be singing and playing ........ but on the other hand we will be singing and playing with the seniors for the LAST TIME :'( 
so tonight our concert was good ..... our trio was great ...... AND i got to award one for cunducting the 6th grade .............. and i am now on a plaque for most enthusiastic 
so this is the last monday of my freshman carreer ................ about time :) 
1 1/2 DAYS LEFT ................... YAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH ............ Then drivers < PROPMALE > with hummle ............ :'( if i dont survive its ok .......... i will still haunt you .............. BOOOOOOO 
hey .. hey .. hey ............ guess what ........................ ONLY 1/2 DAY LEFT OF SCHOOL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAHHHH ................. medlin made me tear up today :'( 
i am finaly i sophmore :) 
BAND : play it loud , play it proud 
BAND : Play it LOUD , Play it PROUD 
just < PROPMALE > out with of my best friends , < PROPFEMALE > , hatti , and < PROPFEMALE > . <3 yall 
STUPID RAIN MADE US GET OUT OF THE POOL !!!!!!!!!!!! UGHHHHHHHHHH 
so tomoro i get to start drivers ed ...... with hummel .... :( and my awesome aunt is coming over tonite :) 
im board i finish < PROPMALE > my drivers < PROPMALE > homework and now i am watching ghost hunters .............. I NEED SUMTHING TO DO 
): o ? ???? ? ? nq o ? o ? ? u ?? ? uop ? pu ? o ? o ? o ? p ? s ????? p ??? pl ? o ? dn s ??? 
GOOD NIGHT WORLD !!!!! i got drivers < PROPMALE > in the morning ..... AGAIN !!! :| 
got to go to bed ........ going to tulsa tomoro to see the fishies ..... aquarium ........ and its gonna be awesome ......... last time i was at an aquarium a freaking shark was STARRING AT ME !!!! 
so the aquarium was awesome ... the sharks have F-ing huge teeth ...... they were freeking me out 
im going to b < PROPMALE > ........ drivers < PROPMALE > in the moring again 
is ready for drivers < PROPMALE > to be OVER . < PROPMALE > with my friend all day ....... lol 
This sounds fun !! : How many of us really know everybody on our FB friend list ? Here's a task for you ... I want all my FB friends to post how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status . You'll be amazed at the responses you get ... This might just be interesting 
OMFG IT IS 100 degrees out ...... i think i will go swimm 
Poke me if you'vehad a crush on me ; Like this status if you think I'm cute ; Inbox me if you ever wanted a relationship with me ; Put a smile if we are friends ; Put angry face if you don't like me ; Now let's see who is brave enough to copy and paste this on their status ! 
i was wth 2 of my best friends .................... hattie and < PROPFEMALE > u r some funny girls ....... < PROPFEMALE > its just a wasp dont run behind the window counter 
OMFG MY EAR HURTS SO BADLY 
DRIVERS < PROPMALE > IS OVER . now i just have to find things to do till saturday ........ hmm 
is packing to go to his dads tomoro ! :D 
so me and mysister are watching deal or no deal and howie calls down a girl to play and < PROPFIRST > says \her boobs are jiggley \"" 
is packed a ready to go to his dads for the month , just got to wait till noon and he will be here :D 
Bugs : I hate u with all my heart , go die 
Burnt.my face is on fire !! 
is excited to go to arma to morro to see all of his old friends ........... luv ya < PROPFEMALE > 
Mr. Sandman we need to sit down and have chat either you are drinking on the job or you are cheating on the sleeping dust cause i can't Frigging sleep ... 
facebook is gay it wont let me be online 
gots me a hair cut ... now im ready for school to start ... next week ;) 
heres my schedule for 2010-11\ 
black\ 
1-10th pe ..... 2-lan arts 2 ..... 3-am govt ..... 4-biology\ 
orange\ 
1-algebra 2 ..... 2-choir ..... 3-yearbook ..... 4-band 
iam a happy camper .... just got a hoodie that plays music ..... sounds dum but it does ..... the string conected to the hood part are head phones ! 
this foot ball season for band we will play hay jude , spinning wheel , 25 or 6 to 4 , and you really got me ....... i met with mr < PROPFIRST > he has gotten thing together and the very first thing he said was he wants to make band fun 
is ready to start school tomoro .... to see all my friends ..... teachers can wait a month or two to show up\ 
lolz 
not off to a good start on the first day of school , got like 2-3 hours of sleep 
first day of school is over .... now im getting ready for the pep rally tonight ...... nervous tho cause we will probably not sound the best 
is changing out of choir , i am not going to stay in the class if there are only 22 people in the class . and im one of two boys ........... maybe i can get into < PROPMALE > 2 D 
went to go see toy story 3 
so i must say that the greatest people i have seen on the BIG SCREEN are the minions from dispicibal me ............ and THE GREEN DUDES from toy story ...... I LOVE THEM !!! 
so there is nuthing to do and im not tired at ALL so i am up playing risk 
is ready to go see VAMPIRES SUCK in about an hour ! 
dear school here are some classes i hate that you teach me ...... history/government and language . y must you torture me with these 
so this year im busy\ 
\ 
yearbook , choir , band , drum < PROPMALE > , and vice president for the sophmore class .... and then probably math leage 
so the school year is good but the only down fall so far is i miss some teachers and did i mention there are only 16 people inn choir all together 
THERE IS A FREAKIN FLY IN MY ROOM AND I WANNA KILL IT BUT NOW I CANT FIND IT !!!! IT IS BUGGING ME !!! 
\\m/ (>.<) \\m/ 
IM SO BOARD PEOPLE SHOULD TALK TO ME !!!!! UGH .............. im board i may go to bed ...... i dont think i will tho 
I'm through accepting limits ' cause someone says they're so \ 
Some things I cannot change \ 
But till I try , I'll never know ! \ 
Too long I've been afraid of \ 
Losing love I guess I've lost \ 
Well , if that's love It comes at much too high a cost ! \ 
I'd sooner buy \ 
Defying gravity \ 
Kiss me goodbye \ 
I'm defying gravity \ 
And you can't pull me down : 
so today i have to dress nice casue i got to go sell yearbook ads :D this will either be fun or a train wreck 
so today was fun we went and sold yearbook ads ...... kinda boring but we got out of school ..... 
??????????????? hahahaha i have stars on my status lol im board ??????????????? 
is tired from the foot ball game we lost unfortunatly but you will get them next week guys 
so mom got mail and im already getting college stuff from < PROPMALE > 
im tired ..... i hate you school can we not go today its PORING ........ zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
dear alarm clock ..... i officaly hate you 
what in the world are you wearing lady gaga ........ it MEAT you eat it , its not be worn 
so i am stuck doing the jr high volly ball yearbook pics ........ yippeee ............ not this ought to be a boring night lol 
OMG DONT SEND ME STUPID FORWORDS THEY ARE STUPID AND USLESS ......... SO STOP THEM !!! 
ya its raining =) 
are you effin kidding me the winner of americas got talent should not be a dude who whould of lost the 1st week of american idol 
this week is homecoming which means today is pajama and crazy day ..... hmm what shall i do for it ? 
i need some of those sunglasses that have the lines across them for tonight if you have them an i borrow them 
Mrs Swaim ( atkins ) passed away early this morning .... she will be dearly missed but ust remember all the happ times you had with her 
is finaly < PROPMALE > making pictures for the amendments in government class ......... wat a pain in my class 
all i heard is BLAH BLAH BLAH im a dirty tramp ..... hahahaha 
aobut to get ready for the game to night . hope we do good 
i have to march < PROPFEMALE > leaf today ......... ughh im tired 
EFF YOU MATH your stupid i do not no how to find your x , y , and z ....... thats right there are three letters in 3 equations ......... GAY ! 
thank you for all the birthday comments you made my day much happier 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you wont post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer 
old people are fun to watch on the trampoline ........ like mom for instance ......... she had no idea what she was doing :P luv ya mom 
I'm not super superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So Copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let ... that person be me . ... Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . Good Luck ... 
just got out of school ........ ya praise the half days 
i really want to go see saw or paranormal activity !!!! 
happy hallween ........ im home handing out < PROPFEMALE > to little kids 
so my parents come home and say 4 high school guys are in full unitards ......... them poor children 
goin to bed nite yall 
omg < PROPFEMALE > Johnston i figured it out ! 
im tired so i shall go to bed ...... or will it\ 
ya im totaly going to bed 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their handicap is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and loved . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week 
so i have to get ready in bout an hour for our veteran/christmas parade 
im back in < PROPMALE > and had a great time with dad and gma and gpa :P now i got to be ready for school tomoro :( 
my chat thing is dum it says i have 14 people on but there are only 5 that show up 
DO NOT USE The Christmas Tree application on Facebook !! It will crash your computer . Geek Squad said this is one of the worst trojan virus ' and is rapidly\ 
spreading . Re-post to let friends know . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your stat to invite your friends to do the same 
is board and tired but i dont want to go to sleep so i shall just stay on here 
ATTENTION !!!!.. change ur profile pic back ... Take off ur cartoon pics ! thegroup asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of PEDOPHILES . They're doing it because kids wil accept their friend request faster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with any child ... charities . IT'S ............ ON TONIGHTS NEWS 
just got back from lessons with < PROPFIRST > Osborn , it was fun . i got a song picked out and then she gonna find a new song in latin . 
what you call insanity i call insperation !! 
i miss my bfflawabct , miss ya Tesla Sciacca 
must say my mom is the < PROPFEMALE > ( as i sit here helping her fill out survivor papers ) 
just got up to see the eclips , was gonna take pictures but cameras suck in the dark !!! 
so christmas so far is a b far awesome , got a car from my mom and s-dad , and im getting ready to go to my dads and gmas in kc 
im home from dads , tomoro is school , im actually happy i get to see my friends ......... and we play arma which means i get to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
so do we have school tomoro or not !?!?!?! 
Peggy : \Bobby what do you know about sexual relations . \ " \ 
GUESS WHAT : im a Freaking Virgo now ! i want to be a libra again 
ok math leauge ... you blow , i have algebra 1 packet ( im in algebra 2 ) and i can do a whole 3 problems .... does anyone else see a problem with that ? 
:D 
GGGGAAAAAYYYYY !!!!!! WE SERIOUSLY HAVE SCHOOL TODAY !!!!?????!!!!???!!! 
i must say my sister's team is AMAINGLY good , they are undefeted , and going to the championship in in a 4th grade tounament ..... they are only in 3 
:'( 
hey im raising money to get flowers for jordans mom if anyone wants to give me or < PROPFIRST > dunham $5 or anything towards it you can . Thank you . 
Color game : Message me a color and ill tell you something truthful . ( : 
Purple , i miss you and i totaly want to < PROPFEMALE > with you some time soon 
PINK ! i dont really no you that much but you seem pretty cool 
Yellow with glittery polka dots .... i miss talking to you 
tomoro is spirit day !!! and i have nothing really spirited what shall i do ? 
Dear < PROPMALE > Wonka , \ 
One of your Oompa Loompas have escaped . If you are looking for her , she is on Jersey Shore . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Me 
so the snow is awesome ... we cant even open our screen door ... and the snow drifts are awesomely deep 
There have been 2 great things that have happend while ive been alive .... 1 : I was born , and 2 ..... well 1 pretty much sums it up ;) 
OMFG MY FRICKIN MOUSE QUIT WORKING AND ITS MAKING ME MAD .... thank fully we have a touch screen ..... but it still makes me mad 
1st person to like my status - I'll change my last name to yours for a week . \ 
2nd person to like my status - I'll write random stuff on your wall for 3 days . \ 
3rd person to like my status - I will answer any question . ( inbox only)\ 
4th person to like my status - Can choose my profile pic . \ 
Put this as your status if you're brave enough . (: 
i kinda miss my bfflawabct- Tesla Sciacca , Kar ~ Key -Karlie Houdyshell and my sis < PROPFEMALE > Thompson 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
If you're not scared , post this as your status . :) 
so mom and i were driving on the snow so she could teach me how to drive on it , and all of a sudden we start to turn and slide , we were going north then we turned to be facing west on the wrong side of the road , the whole time im sitting their laughing 
OMFG did she seriously screw up the national anthem ... 
Is home and hopeing for no school 
Karlie Houdyshell I changed my name :D 
LADIES AND GENTELMAN ...... i need money for sweet heart so please bring a ton of change that you just have around the house please and thank you 
OMG THE PAPER IS HARDER THAN I THOUGHT , i keep getting distracted lol , dang you nhs 
I CANT FIND MY PHONE ..... IF YOU KNOW WERE ITS AT FIND A WAY TO TELL ME PLEASE 
hey i need yall to txt me with your name in a message so i can save your number .... i have the same number just new sim .... so please txt me 
is gonna spend the day with < PROPFEMALE > and Kar-Key Houdyshell 
IS ON MY LAPTOP finaly got an antiviris YAY 
Im kinda psychic , its like i have espn 
Aww my catipilar never turned into a butterfly .... um thats a cheeto ... o 
and were off to school ..... ugh today is gonna be a long day 
go second in my catigory(botany ) in the science fair , Good Job < PROPFIRST > Dunham 
Sittin with my bff Kar ~ Key gettin ready for american idol 
On my way to lamberts !!!!!!!!! :P 
 ? ¶Sing it for the boys , sing it for the girls , everytime that u lose u sing it for the world , sing it from the heart , sing it to till ur nuts , sing it out 
 ? ¶for the ones that will hate ur guts , sing it for the deaf , sing it for the blind , sing about every one u left behind ....... omg i love this song !!!! 
Omg im stuffed , lamberts was amazing 
OMFG THERES A STORM ... im gonna sleep good tonight ... lol 
YALL better be in a basement if the sirens go off cause if you die , i will kill you to DEATH !!! 
so i just got to say this ... i have the most awesomeist aunt EVVVEEERRR .... i love you < PROPMALE > Zaiss 
Cat People , Dog People , We all look the same way nude ... wtf ? that was the stupidest commercial EVER 
Finished my Pi day poster just got to color it now 
IM SO BOARD 
Omfg im effin tired havent slept yet 
Wow i love u < PROPFEMALE > and ur horse voice lol 
woke up at 5 , and im still tired from the lockin last night ...... staying up for 25 hours is not as fun as i thought 
OMG THIS WEEK IS EITHER GONNA SUCK < PROPMALE > BUTT ,,, or ROCK so i hope i get a good night sleep 
HECK YA i made NHS 
Ear lady gaga u suck quit making music , and ur music videos SUCK 
Guess what .... ITS TIME FOR AMERICAN IDOL yay 
THIA AND < PROPFEMALE > ARE AMAZING , 
AMERICAN IDOL !!!!!!! 
Good Luck tomoro girls ... Kar-Key Houdyshell , Lexi Babcock , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , Shealan Wells , Karrington Garvin , Kylin Garvin , and Kenzi :D 
IM SO TIRED !!! 
so i just went and checked out myspace again ......... IT STILL SUCKS !!! 
Is gettin ready to watch S.A.L.T. then later secratariat 
Dear Math , \ 
The sooner you comit suicide , the faster the world will become happy . Cause your logarithms SUCK 
IM SO TIRED 
The Girl you just called fat ? She has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The Boy you just called stupid ? He has a learning disability & studies over 4 hours a night \ 
The Girl you just called ugly ? She spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . \ 
The Boy you just tripped ? He is abused enough at home . \ 
There's a lot more to people than you think . 
so i guess i will start on my language paper .... ugh i dont want to right a how too ..... if you want to know how to do it , GOOGLE IT duh 
Me \so why does cheese and wine go good together\ " \ 
what can i say .... american idol and math wat a great combo ........ HAHA 
omfg so math you still suck , gonna finish american idol , then off to bed so i can wake up at 5 to make teachers breakfast for NHS ... ugh if the teachers want breakefast that badly pour our own cerial 
TGIF , TGIF , TGIF , TGIF .......... I AM SO HAPPY ITS FRIDAY 
That movie was awesome i recomend \i am number four \"" 
I hope < PROPFIRST > goes home !!!!!! 
WHY THE HECK ARE THEY SAVING HIM ????? 
LETS GO VCU !!!!!!! 
We were great friends in elementry school . Best friends in middle school . Now that we are in high school you think you can start doing logarithyms , well my old friend , we can not be friends untill you stop doing that stupid crap . \ 
Love < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Turgeon . 
ok so if its going to snow it needs to either be a huge snow storm .... or stop now 
So this week is totaly busy . Saturday is Districts , Thursday i hopefuly get my class ring , and Thursday i also have a last session with < PROPFIRST > for the solo ..... ugh i want this week over 
< PROPFIRST > Durban sure can rock the stage ..... Too bad he cant sing 
Dear < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > , u suck at being a judge . U repeat what < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > say , or u say some thing sexual ..... just quit while ur behind 
AMERICAN IDOL .... AND TWO ARE LEAVINH AHHHHH :/ 
< PROPFIRST > go home !!!!!! 
That sucked < PROPFIRST > fox and will ~ i ~ am 
Y did niema and thia have to leave .... casey should have !!!!!! 
If you dont stand for something , you'll fall for anything . 
im so excited for tomoro im gonna need to take something to put me to sleep 
IM SO EXCITED FOR TODAY , im ready to show them judges what i got 
Sittin at the mall with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > <3 yall 
2 on solo , 3 on trio 
Omg a goos hit the bus window !!! Its like awesome and shattered 
Diary of a Mad Black Woman :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s mom had 4 kids , Their names were Monday , Tuesday , And Wednesday , what was the last childs name ? 
dear storm , quit blowing and just rain already !! 
