I just wanna have fun 

not much just chillin in town tonight 
just chillin ... a little sick ... I'm so excited I get my car back on FRIDAY !!!! 
wanna buy my car ? 650 as is i need to buy my trailer so im not homeless any more ???? 
just waitin to go to moms get presants and come home :) hope everyones holiday is ooberly awesome :) 
i just wish people would stay out of my personal business and just let me n < PROPMALE > go on being happy without their BULLSHIT 
aw man life is good right now lol so in love with < PROPMALE > !!! he is the best boyfriend a girl could ask for lol guess what hes mine lol im so lucky ! ditch my mom the dumb bitch life is so so much better with out all her crazyness lol thanks to < PROPMALE > who helped me see that ! i have good friends true friends awesome ! i am so glad i decided to move to < PROPFEMALE > i am way happier here ! love you all ! exspecially < PROPMALE > ! 
god i love my boyfriend 
I miss u 
got kicked out last night stayin the fiance's < PROPFEMALE > . I love my < PROPFEMALE > n ! 
i feel like my whole world is gone my fiance Just got taken away . 
i miss my boyfriend . Wish i could hold him and kiss him and i cant . They say you dont know what you have til its gone and omg are they right i really wish i had some one to talk to i feel so alone . God my life sux ! I hate this . I love you baby . Miss you very much . 
]Day two without you here sucks so bad babe i need you here with me and you cant be . I miss you so much it hurts . I love you with all of my heart i hope y 
]ou know that . 
Layin in bed watchin a good anime movie 
All i need now is parachute pants and my hippy look completed :) peace ! 
wow im depressed 
Just got my new phone yay .... 
just had the best high ever and got to see old friends and make a new one :) 
wow life just took a huge turn 
having one of the best days of my life . Had to < PROPFEMALE > out with my best friend trav all day . Im glad i finally found a good true friend :) 
wow other peoples drama drivesme nuts but none of its gonna bring me down :) sorry to the bitches that wanna bring me down cause im happy n your just jealous that my life is gettin better and im happy and your not . 
Just go outta county no more usin er drinkin . Yay it feels good to be home 
just got everything arranged anD now I just have to deal with stupid girls bullshit . possibly going to be homelless because of it . goDd I thought coming home would be amazing but all its been drama 
This sprint phone sucks monkey balls 
I'm so happy with my life right now Don't ever want things to change 
god damn another day of court .... arraignment fer my damn dui had 3 hours of sleep and on my way to treatment with my man lifes okay so far thank god I'm not in jail anymore . I love you trav xoxoxo . everyone else hope your friday the 13th isn't bad . peace out ! 
yay jail free fer today yahooooo lol I love < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > poderzay xoxo oh n < PROPMALE > nice status ha ha 
life is as good as it can be for me :) a busy day tomorrow get to see my mommy and daddy yay ..... lol trav looks so cute when him n lil broozer are cuddled up passed out next to me on the bed ha ha I love my fiance he's the best ! this is probably the last update for a while gettin rid of my gay ass blackberry curve . so anyone who wants to and knows my number can text me .... xoxo goodnight baby I love you to pieces bi 
Guys suck got kicked out on my ass . Fuck < PROPFIRST > poderzay you broke my heart . Yay living at the homelss shelter again . 
Wow feels great to be broken up with , tossed out on the streets disowned and stolen from my parents and have no friends awesome ! How did everything get so bad ? 
I'm taking face book texts off of my phone if ya wanna talk to me my number is 218-410-9513 talk to yall later , peace 
God i feel suckie why do guys always have to break my heart ? 
dude i have like no friends somebody text me lol 218 410 9513 
Wow i'm losin my mind someone text me i'm so bored 
Had a blast hanging out with kat all day ! Woo boy we kissed and it was awesome lol 
I love my new best friend Kat maki 
Yay going to grand rapids god i never wanted to back there but hey cheap shawmen woo hoo ! 
YAY ! 
YAY ! i moved in with < PROPFEMALE > today great times :))) i love all of you :) 
livin and learninmiss you < PROPFEMALE > ill be home soon tabby love you girls 
No bitchis make < PROPFIRST > pissed cause he's . Real man 
Havin fun with the girls 
Just chillin 
Well baby girl i am almost done with our room and its starting to look really good 
Workin on a truck with the new boyfriend :) 
Single again i just cant do it . :( 
I dumped him 
Sign in 
wow do people suck 
wishes some people werent as stupid as they are and would leave me alone < PROPFIRST > PODERZAY ! 
WHAT A BUNCH OF PHONIES 
in love with erway 
awesome i turn 21 in 9 days WOOT WOOT ! lol 
i have my cd eval today this sucks im crabby and right now all my friends are fucking fake people that dont give a damn about me so im not to happy 
Everythings going good :) havin a good day with erway and < PROPFIRST > everything is good right now i'm happy :) 
Wanna chill ? Text me :) 218 256 7364 i'm bored so text me lol 
chillin at vinnies 
hope everyones havin a great day my days goin awesome very happy today . cant wait my birthdays on wednesday and cant wait to take < PROPFIRST > trick or treating :) 
just hanging out with the man and the little one . mondays gonna be a hectic day ugh not lookin forward to it , wednesday tho thats gonna be a great day * wink * * wink * 
< PROPFIRST > asked me to marry him today :) 
I said yes !?! :) 
good night sleep tight dont let your beds bugs bite lol peace out untill tomorrow 
My birthdays in like 4 hours 
One hour left 
YAY FINALLY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME ! Lol 
Ugh ! I feel like shit and its a shitty dam day why does it gotta be like this on my birthday ? 
Thank you all so much for all the birthday wishes good night 
Hey i'm done with my meeting whats up ? 
Hanging out with the boyfriend and < PROPFIRST > fun fun 
wow this is fun lol 
sittin at vinis with the man having a great fuckin day lol anyone wanna chill message me 
¼THIS IS TO MY MOTHER I MISS YOU AND I LOVE YOU I'M DONE WITH ALL THE BOY BULLSHIT I MISS MY BEST FRIEND . I know you look at my face book so i thought i ' 
¼d give you a shout out i LOVE YOU mommy 
Out shoppin with grams havin fun while er is with the boys 
woo wht a long day lol 
THIS IS TO MY MOTHER I MISS YOU AND I LOVE YOU I'M DONE WITH ALL THE BOY BULLSHIT I MISS MY BEST FRIEND . I know you look at my face book so i thought i'd give you a shout out i LOVE YOU mommy 
jus sittin around at vinis had a pretty good day so far we get < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! im excited !!!!! 
sittin at vinnis ; 0 gonna die my hair today 
Cutting and dying my hair myself tonight hope it turns out cute :) 
ugh probation tomorrow and starting treatment tomorrow this should be fun 
if anyone else is offended by that stupid 21 questions game im sorry it wasnt meant to be in a bad manner i just kept hitting the yes button so i could earn the points so im sorry if anyone else wants to start shit with me because of something stupid ! again i did not mean to be rude it was just to earn points . 
Im going to be needing a new att cell phone soon if anyone has one they dont use that works and is fairly new i will be more then happy to buy it from them :) no ancient ones please lol gotta keep up with todays trends ha ha i 
i get my money on monday so please let me know asap 
Im\ 
going to be needing a new att cell phone soon if anyone has one they \ 
dont use that works and is fairly new i will be more then happy to buy \ 
it from them :) no ancient ones please lol gotta keep up with todays \ 
trends ha ha i \ 
get my money on monday so please let me know asap 
god today has been boring cant wait untill tomorrpw 
its 11:11 make a wish ! 
happy halloween everyone ! im sorry to say my phone is shut off for now it should be back on tomorrow 
I'm so bored someone text me if they wanna chill2182567364 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out i'm so tired of being bored so text me 2182567364 
Anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out today ? Get ahold of me because 2182567964 
Anybody bored ? Me to text me 2182567364 please i'm so bored lol 
well im going to lay down now anyone wanna text me they can 218 256 7364 
Anyone please tell me why i should waste my time living when nobody cares if i were dead ? 
I feel like nobody cares 
And i horribly miss my family and mostly lizzy 
Just need someone to say they care and mean it 
I have no family of my own . So glad to have his 
Yum taco johns 
Wow the room is finally clean lol fuck he's a pack rat 
Wow i am so in love wit my boyfriend 
Its always nice to find out all the people you thought were your friends hate you . Fuck my life sucks 
Bored doing treatment work :) 
Don't start treatment till tuesday and i'm already done with my first step . Wow over achiever ! Night . 
I feel lazy today good thing i don't have to do anything today :) 
nice another boring day has come and gone lol hope everyone elses day was good :) 
Was so busy playin with < PROPFIRST > that i lit my cigarette backwards lol wow still blonde no matter what color my hair is ha ha 
bored and startin to get annoyed ... its just music is it that big of a deal ???? 
UGH somedays i tell ya ! 
ATTENTION !!!!! DO NOT ACCEPT friend requests byFabienne Resch , Matthias Dannenberg , < PROPFIRST > Summer , < PROPMALE > Eder Bern , Roland Dryer , < PROPFIRST > Becker ! THEY ARE HACKERS !!!!!! They destroyeverything !!!!! PLEASE : Copy this text on your bulletin board , so that ... your friends have been ... warned 
was posted on my wal thought id repost it for everyone to see 
ive been watchin lord of the rings all day !!! no matter how many times ive watched that triligy everytime it gets better and better :) I LOVE IT LOL .... havin fun with < PROPFIRST > my love and < PROPFIRST > :) them two boys make me so happy idk what id do without em . they are my world ! 
Ugh i ate way to much but it was so worth it :) good old home made pizza is the best lol 
ugh the first day of treatment !!!! gotta be there for four hours tonight ! 
TIME TO GO TO BED EARLY .... WOW ITS BEEN A LONG DAY . 
I don't know how much longer i can do this . I'm doing everything i can to make my life better but it seems everyday something makes it worse Idk what to do !? 
Cant find a job don't have money to get a place . Life just Fucking sucks . I just don't know what to do about it anymore i'm sick of trying and failing 
Been clean for over a month and everything is still Going to SHIT ! I'm about ready to give up say fuck it cause either way things are gonna be shitty 
So why try anymore ? 
Well i hope things get better my ssi got denied but now i have a specialist now so maybe ... 
Wow today went fast played with < PROPFIRST > watched lord of the rings and lords of dog town made spaghetti for dinner now its almost bed time :) good times :) 
I'm going to be a model :) im so excited !!!!!!!!!!!!! should be lots of fun i cant wait 
wow what a boring day todaY 
i\ 
have many friends on facebook , but if i needed them how many would be \ 
there for me ? click \like\ " if you'd be there for me . then put this as \ 
bored bored bored hmmmmmm what to do ???? think im gonna curl my hair for the fun of it lol i hope all of my facebook friends are having a great day :) 
just sittin home relaxing 
ERWAY AND I ARE GOING TO SEE < PROPMALE > POTTER SUNDAY WITH BIG-JAIME IM SO F*ING EXCITED LOL 
wow what a boring day ugh i hate this some days 
god i cant wait till sunday < PROPMALE > potter is goin to rock lol 
its good to know that there are some true friends out there who really do care :) you know who you are :) love ya !!! 
your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite friends to do the same . Until Monday there should be no human face on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign for violence against children . 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite friends to do the same . Until Monday there should be no human face on Facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign for violence against children 
ATTENTION : the group asking everyone to change their profile picture to a cartoon character is actually a group of pedophiles . There doing it because kids will accept their friend requestfaster if they see a cartoon picture . It has nothing to do with any Child charities . IT'S ON TONIGHTS NEWS . Copy & Paste this on to your status - Let ...... everyone know !! REMOVE ALL CARTOONS PLASE 
well today has gone by s fast 
\ 
my i miss you and reguardless of the shit that we've put each other through you are still my momalou i hope you are okay where ever you are . I miss and l 
ove you . And i'm sorry . I love you momalou . -love your bubbalou- 
I need to get a life again . Lol so boring 
Wake up sex is better then better then sex cake in my opinion lol good morning everyone :) 
Today while hangin out at kumar's i discovered that < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is a cookie flipper 
LET'S SEE WHO IS PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION . I WANT YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS BUT ALSO FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY THIS AS YOUR STATUS JUST FOR A MINUTE . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY DOES . < PROPFEMALE > FAMILY & FRIENDSHIP . THANK YOU FOR BEING PART OF MY LIFE . MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU ALL . 
This is Erway , < PROPFEMALE>'s Fiancee , if you are friends with her she would like to hear from you . So write her :\ 
\ 
< PROPFEMALE > Higgins , OID #234190 \ 
MCF - Shakopee\ 
1010 West 6th Ave\ 
Shakopee , MN 55379 
