Happy New Year 

watchin friends play nazi zombues 
playin call of duty world at war online . play'em if you got'em 
goin home to play either fallout 3 or < PROPFEMALE > ultimate alliance 2 
finally got myself a haircut . 
might as well head to work i guess . really dont want to but i need the money . i suppose thatsgood enough motivation , dont you think . 
I guess its time for work now . Its whatever . 
Joke of the moment . Two cannibals are eating a clown . One turns to the other and asks \Does this taste funny to you ? \"" 
Happy chocolate rabbit day . its rabbit season 
just got two new games . manhunt 2 for the psp and aliens vs predator for the ps3 . 
long day at work and tired as hell . yet i dont want to go to bed yet . 
Nothing is on my mind . why would there be ? oh wait a minute . never mind damn a.d.d. i hate that . 
Downloadin soul reaver from the psn 
Joke of the moment . I was going to attend the Clairvoyence conference , but it was cancaled due to unforeseen events . 
Is the merc with the mouth . 
Australia has over 35 different species of poisonous spiders and 9 out of the 10 of the worlds most venomous snakes . 
Lookin for a roommate . any takers ? 
What do you call two gay guys fighting ? A cockFight . 
Is watchin the fourth kind . 
Its 4/20 . you know what that means . 
Ok so i watched the fourth kind last night . not a good idea . damn movie made me paranoid all night untill i fall asleep . 
Here i come to save the day . yeah i'm a little bored . 
is the clown < PROPMALE > of crime . 
I hate rules but i guess without rules there would be no order . 
A rodent needs to constantly chew because its teeth never stops growing . 
Why not come to italian kitchen ? 
is the man of steel 
Anyone know sumarien . i think i spelled that word wrong . you get the point . 
Aphrodite is the Greek goddess of love , beauty and raw sexuality . Her parents are Zeus and < PROPFEMALE > . 
Damn scooter decides to crap out on me again . fml right . 
Long ass day . 13 and a half hours at work . 
Just beat dragon age origins . bad-ass game . 
got my scooter fixed ..... again . 
I am Iron Man 
And the down side is ? there is none . yes thats random , but i'm a random kind-of guy . 
war does not determine who is right .... Only who is left . 
Found out who a friends sisiter was today . very interesting . 
Can you dig it ? 
has watched the fourth kind and repo genetic opera . now watchin the unborn . should be interesting , seein as im paranoid enough as is . 
Is a little drunk right oow 
Young forever is one of the best songs i have heard in a while . 
Watchin season 7 of smallville before work 
Some food for thought . what do you think is stronger ? obbsession or affection . 
Just got done watchin avatar . good movie but long as hell . 
I find your lack of faith disterbing . 
There's no fate but what we make for ourselfs 
How long does it take for < PROPMALE > skywalker to recover ? one jedi knight . 
< PROPMALE > , Activate your InboxDollars Account 
joke of the moment . whats the difference between a wookie and an ewok ? about 200 kilos . 
Reminder : < PROPMALE > , Activate your InboxDollars Account 
Has decided to play prototype . 
Just watched season 3 premiere of true blood . awesome 
There are some things in life that you can't aviod . 
Is watchin resident evil degeneration . 
Who watches the watchmen ? 
Halfway through the workday . not fun . 
Question of the day . Which do you think is more powerful ? Love or Hate . 
Has been playhn heavy rain for the past 4 hours . not a bad game . 
Had a good time tonight . been a while since i just < PROPMALE > out . 
use your head but trust your instincts 
Is wondering what is going on today 
Bring it on , mon < PROPFEMALE > . 
Some things never change , but some things do . 
Got my phone back after losing it . 
And i broke my foot . 
Well no cast today . ended up getting a boot instead . 
Is playin dragon age origins 
I want this foot to be healed . 
i believe what doesnt kill you simply makes you stranger . 
I love how guys like me get classified with the rest of guys as some kind of asshole or perv . 
Playing heavy rain . nothin else to do . 
Bored as hell . which is kind of a first . 
What is real ? How do you define real ? 
This is halloween 
Is watchin Accepted and reading The Hvnt for Atlantis . 
Watchin Saw 3 
Watchin Monday Night Raw for the first tine in a while . 
Jupiter is 11 times the diameter of earth and is the largest planet in the solar system . 
Damn foot . Walkin without crutches , which is good . Still a pain though because im still wearin the boot . And still have to for another 3 to 4 weeks . 
I was watching the history channel . It had some interesting theories about human origins and possible alien visits . It included things from ancient sumarien and ancient egypt . 
Watched surf ninjas . I havent seen that movie in a long time . 
Fuck you my friend , enjoy your day . 
Is bored and in need of something to do . And still waiting for fallout new vegas to come out . 
Someone blows their nose and you want to keep it ? 
Kleptomaniac's generally steal objects of little or no value . Often times they don't realize they did it . 
Joke of the moment . War does not determine who is right , only who is left . 
Watchin the roast of < PROPFIRST > Hasslehoff 
Is watchin season 1 of The 4400 . 
Decide to watch Push since theres nothin on tv . 
Hey , I found < PROPMALE > . 
Spider-man , spider-man , does whatever a spider can . spins a web any time , catchs thieves just like flies . look out here comes the spider-man 
Been playin final fantasy xiii like crazy . 
Well the doctor cleared me to work . Good news for me . I can finally get back to making that money . 
Some people believe in fate . Others believe they make their own . in a way it could be both . 
If free will is an illusion , how do you explain the power of choice ? 
Diamonds ..... that will shut her up . 
Decepticons suck my popsicle 
If there's something strange in you neighborhood , who are you gonna call ? 
Dude ..... where's my car ? 
Welcome Back to InboxDollars 
Consolidate debt and lower payments . 
Grant-Money - See what is available for you 
250 dollars worth of groceries 
Is in a lousy mood now . 
DISH Network for only 24.99 /mo , No Cost HD for Life 
Just got Smallville season 9 . 
Like they say : What happens in vegas , goes on the internet . 
Have dreams but no cash ? Apply for government grants today 
Cant wait for true blood . 
The U.S. Average Credit Score Is 680 . What Is Yours ? 
Once again all by my lonesome . 
Kneel before Zod 
Still waiting for Fallout : New Vegas to come out . 
Stop paying more than you have to for auto insurance . 
A way to a mans heart is through his stomach and/or his balls . Just sayin . 
GYD Registration Confirmation 
Go back to school with a $10k college scholarship - Sept . 30th 
No one home but us psycho's . 
ScholarshipZone is giving away 10k scholarship on Sept . 30th 
Go to business school and earn a great income . 
Scholarship Opportunity for Working Parents 
Get an Online Degree is as fast as 18 months . Start Now ! 
Win Ten Million Dollars to Make Your Dreams Come True ! 
Last < PROPMALE > - $10k FCS Scholarship on Sept . 30th 
Need help paying for school ? 
Watched boardwalk empire . pretty good show 
Did you suffer from injuries from your accutane use ? 
Scholarships4Moms is giving away 10k scholarship on Sept . 30th 
Sleep Apnea - Get the best solutions 
Earn the degree you need for less money 
Find criminal records , court records , property records and .... 
Get Your College Degree in as Fast as 14 months 
Get Help with College Grants . 
Get a 10k Scholarship for Moms and Dads - Sept . 30th 
Time for some spider-man : shattered dimensons 
Invitation to 10k Scholarship - Deadline on Sept . 30th 
Bored as hell . Just got off work . Someone text me . 
FCS is giving away 10k scholarship on Sept . 30th 
SP 10k Scholarship - Sept . 30th 
Will < PROPMALE > be the next $10k FCS Scholarship Winner ? 
Welcome to the madness . 
Drug and Alcohol Treatment - Detox and Rehab Options 
Which phone takes the best pictures ? compare ' em all . 
Wabajakadac 
Financial Aid Is Available To You 
Earn Your Degree from Strayer University 
Add flare to your Facebook profile 
Psychic reading enclosed 
A quote to start saving on auto insurance - Check you zip code for rates 
Add customization to your Facebook profile 
Date Real Cheating Wives 
Dream of getting your degree ? Make an educated decision . 
Dating Site Membership Activation 979876 
Shop for life insurance online . Save time and money 
Start Your Career With DeVry 
State Farm is offering Affordable Automobile Insurance 
iPhone 4 or Droid , your choice . 
Your Credit Score is OK 
Complete your College Degree , 100% Online 
Hair Removal - Laser , Electric and Razor 
Botox linked to serious side effects 
Career Advancement for Parents Just Got Easier 
A litte deppressed right now . 
Actually ran into a few old friends at Target of all places . 
Wall of weird , much . 
Been playin Fear 2 all night . Jvst a bit paraniod . 
A bit stressed and down . 
Another day at work . Awesome . Thats retoricole(spelled wrong ) by the way . 
Knowledge is the only thing people can't take from you . 
Watchin Claymore . Not to much to do anyways . 
I jvst beat infamous . Such a badass game . 
Needs some serious chill time . 
You know , some people need to wake up . They treat other people so bad and they wonder why said people feel like shit and retaliate in some way . 
I just got Fallout New Vegas . Cant wait to play it . I so happy . 
I had a really fucked up night at work . Still tryin to cool off . And it gets harder every day . 
Nerds of the world unite 
What's on my mind ? I can't say what i'm thinking right now . 
Today was a good day . Beat < PROPFEMALE > wars uhe force unleashed 2 . 
Its devils night 
Happy Halloween 
Life is going to be hard . How you deal with it makes all the difference . 
Damn it . I think i got sick . Awesome , right . 
Is feeling a lot less sick then on friday . 
I got me a copy of black ops . The launch event for it was pretty cool . A couple of people got thier asses handed to them by a ten-year-old , which by the way , was pretty funny . 
History teaches us to learn from our mistakes . Yet , as a whole , we still make them . 
Any man can be great . If you truly want to test him , give him power . 
Been playin Bioshock for the past 5 days . Pretty cool game . 
Just started watchin season 2 of dollhouse . 
The only thing that stays the same is that things change . Its how you learn and adapt to said changes that matter . 
Happy Thanksgiving 
Started playin Bioshock 2 . 
Got off work early . I'm sure a friend of is shittin kittens right now . Helped out as much as possible so said person wont be mad at me . 
Weird-ass day at work . 
Epic party at matts last night 
Called out from work for the first time . not feelin good . been pukin for 2 hours now 
And i just puked my ass off yet again 
Its snowing 
Ok so it was snowing . 
One generation passeth away and another cometh , but the earth abideth forever . 
One can only match , move by move , the machinations of fate and thus defy the tyranus stars . 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas 
So how was everyones christmas ? 
I just got Dragon Age Ultimate Edition and Resident Evil 5 Gold Edition . I so happy . 
Is watchin I , Robot 
Theoretical question . What is worse , to die or to die forgotten ? 
Morning , boom head . 
I really dont like the cold . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes . 
Cant wait for Dead Space 2 . Goin to the midnight launch for it . 
Been playing Mass Effect 2 and The Sims 3 for the past week now . Just dead Space 2 so i'll be playing that when I get home from work tonight . 
Does anyone remember < PROPMALE > P . Warrel from all those < PROPMALE > movies . Random quistion . 
What would you do for a klondike bar ? Sorry my a.d.d. is kickin in . 
Who's playin black ops ? 
Is watchin Ghostbusters on blue-ray 
Some people say some things are better left forgotten while others say knowlege is power . I like to think its a bit of both , depending on the situation . 
Cant wait for Dragon Age 2 to come out next week . 
3 days and counting 
Got dragon age 2 . started last night . pretty beast 
anyone have a twitter account ? just asking . 
been playin dragon age 2 for the past week now . badass game . 
Rest in peace < PROPMALE > . Your in gods hands now . 
What to do today . 
Got the 3rd birthday . its been pretty good so far . 
