yawn 

21 yessssssss 
Really wants some more music creation equipment 
Hmmmm Dam I'm leavin Colorado very very soon 
I don't think someone can be born with a sense of benevolence , I hope you can remember your life without it ... 
Can experiences exist outside of mortality ? Purpose of the symbiotic relationship between soul and body ? 
Looking for work , if anyone has any tips , that would be awesome 
Garden of the Gods ... 
Time for drunken adventures 
It feels grand back to be in Colorado 
Job hunting is murder 
beer and documentary time 
Hmmmm a fire with a dash of insanity and conversation is always grand 
Time for beer , and to make some music . O and hello snow 
ahhhhhhh nervous 
I found inspiration in bright lights , attentive ears and hugs from random peers . Open mic night went grand 
anyone looking for a child care provider ? My step-mom has 3 spots open , great referrals , most have her kids have been with her 3+ years . Message or call me for her number 256-426-7312 
Hmmmm go away apathy 
slay the turkey 
I feel a night walk coming along 
I got a job bwhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahah 
What happened to purity ? 
It is slaying hour 
Did you find what you were looking for ? What was behind your personalized cellar door , are you the archetype that in turn yerns for more ? Either the orginal or one of the many shattered mirrors , when the lines blur , what does it really matter ? 
No more hard liq 
A grand teacher will make a pupil , not a servant 
Paranoia makes the dream into nightmare , and every nightmare into a self-fulfilling prophecy 
Exercise free-will 
Every heart beat rings perception , are you the flow or the river , I question this with apologizes to my liver , the dam in the streams sow seeds , and with every dream the sight threw the fog , is all lost but not forgot . 
Materialism will make the owner as empty as the object 
Gerb Interview Thursday Bwhahahahaha ! 
My phone has reached its demise 
cynicism rarely bears true fruits of wisdom 
Fuck the soulless 
Sativa how do you know me so well ? 
