going to work . yay . i think if i pretend to be in a great mood for long enough , i eventually will be . yeah ? 

has loved to the point of madness . that which is called madness . that which to me is the only sensible way to love . 
? all because of you , i haven't slept in so long , and when i do i dream of drowning in the ocean ... there's a point we pass from which we can't return ? 
got a new phone with sprint , because i've decided i want someone to set fire to all the at&t buildings . ridiculous . anyway , new number with texting . also lost all of my contact information , so if you guys wanna hit me up with your < PROPFIRST > i'd smile . :) 
has just now read her pharmacy papers . apparently since my lovely happiness in a capsule are maxed out to the highest mg's possible , missing just ONE dose fucks everything up entirely . so .... heh , whoops . i've been a douche lately to a few people , and i ap 
feels like everything is falling right into place . work at 5 . 
the lonely stoner mr. solo dolo . he's all alone , some things just never change . the lonely stoner seems to free is mind at night .... 
finally got paid back . it's good to be able to let things go and forget 
my mother apparently took my seventy five pound dog to a catholic church and got him baptized into the catholic faith today . am i the only one that thinks that's ridiculous ? 
i'm a picker , i'm a grinner , i'm a lover , and i'm a sinner . i play my music in the sun . i'm a joker , i'm a smoker , i'm a midnight toker . i get my lovin ' on the run .. 
FUCK LANDLORDS ! before signing our year contract on our apartment , our landlord failed to tell us that he's getting foreclosed ! HAH ! and now the bank is the OFFICIAL OWNER of the property we live on , but he still expects a rent check ! WTF !?!?! 
hates fighting with people she cares about . 
halloween was AWESOME ! =] 
Oprah announces WIII 
Highly caffeinated and bored as a priest with no choir boys . 
So , I was waiting in my bank for what seemed like hours when I started thinking . I used to dream of < PROPMALE > bing banks . Now I want to be in a bank when it gets < PROPMALE > bed , so I have an excuse to beat people with their own guns . I had about 30 scenarios going through my head in which each of the people in line tried to < PROPMALE > the place , then I swooped in through the window and save the day . How cool would that be ? 
is very disappointed in ohio's highway patrol . my perfectly efficient , although speedy , method of driving is much safer than all the jackass's who cut me off during my trip . yet i'm the one that gets the $140 speeding ticket . i'm deeply offended and feel discriminated against because of my skin color . AND HER ESTIMATED WEIGHT WAS WRONG !!! 
People are fucking retarded . If you are a conservative yuppie willing to abide by the old-school confederacy-issued speed suggestions in the fast < PROPFIRST > , GTFO . ( I've been watching your 1,383,583 year old ass blinker for the last five < PROPMALE > ) . Also : If you're gonna be a mathematically retarded inbreeding steelers fan carding me for smokes , at least realize this : 2011-1991 = LEGAL . Gosh-darned cunts . 
i really think that if everything was handed to me on a platter , i'd still be the same person . i just wouldn't have to try so damn hard . 
is joining the army . 
was going to take the ASVAB on friday ..... then was told i have to go all the way out to < PROPMALE > . My boss says if I want to get shot at for a living to just move up there , anyway . lol . taking it next week ! 
just realized school starts again monday . fml . haven't even gotten books yet 
is a member of the \Everyone Else is Pairing Up Except Me\ " club . " 
is going to Fort < PROPMALE > for ten weeks , then Fort Braggs for another ten weeks . I'm leaving in July and will be back in January . 6 months and counting . Goodbye , Akron ! 
is heading to the Military Entrance Processing Station ( MEPS) ! 
so .... MEPS has me going through some ridiculous beaucratic tape . But so far ... the plan is still to go to Basic Training in July and be a Psychological Operations Specialist . I got a 97% on the ASVAB and well above my required score in order to do psyops . =D 
working all weekend . BLEH ! 
negreanu is my fucking hero . 
come out , come out , wherever you are ! i'm trying to find people that are interested in playing hold'em every/other week or so on campus .... maybe 5-10 buy in ? text me or something if you're down =D 
ooh ! ooh ! i have a burning < PROPFEMALE > to post a bunch of bandit pictures up so < PROPFEMALE > can see them =D 
11 inches of snow . apparently the snowplow trucks have a grudge against our street . < PROPMALE>'s car is stuck in the middle of the street blocking where i'm parked .... aaand right behind that is another car that essentially took a nose dive into the ditch . dairy < PROPFEMALE > calls for duty . no thanks 
playdough ? REALLY ? leave college now . there is no hope left for you . 
i miss my cupcake . 
today was awesome . but i'm never going back to chapel hill mall again . wow has it changed . i'm pretty sure i was the only white person there . also , in unrelated matters , steak-n-shake now has kool-aid shakes . thanks for your support . 
allegedly owes the government over 700 dollars because THEY messed up my income tax . blehhhh ! 
sick . phone broken . pissed off . don't have enough money for anything anymore . 
cut me down like a tree like the lumber or weeds , drag me out of the sea and then teach me to breathe , give me forced health til i wish death on myself ... well we all stumbled round tangled up in our cords from our phones , VCR and our worldy woes 
IS REALLY REALLY ANGRY . uuuugh , why do i even bother to make plans with people when they don't show up on time !!!!! I HATE WAITING FOR PEOPLE . next time someone is late like this , i'm just going to leave and stand them up . You're turn . 
just kidding . 
wow , so .. adventurous day . MBC pretty much made it for me . ran blaze over with my car . sorry . i couldn't stop laughing on the way home . on an unrelated and vague note : maybe if i HOPE for it hard enough .... it will happen . if one more person tells me to let jesus into my heart , i will personally kill them in an extremely gruesome fashion . 
worst line ever . \if i wasn't dating her/him .... \ " SO DON'T BE ! else i don't care . and my opinion of you has significantly dropped . " 
Wow , Dairy < PROPFEMALE > . We did a 106 . Not eeeeven shitting you right now . 80s for the hours in between . soooooo busy . 
the one thing i miss from my apartment : being able to sleeplessly wake up every few hours and smoke in bed . 
Fuck facebook applications . 
in the garage where i belong . 
... dear diary , what a day it's been .. dear diary , it's been just like a dream woke up too late , wasn't where i should've been for goodness sake , what's happening to me ? write lightly , yours truly , dear diary ... 
i'm going crazy with all the music i didn't even know existed . i've literally spent the last three hours browsing from one band to another like \ ... since when !? and why can't i find you anywhere ? \"" 
your passive aggressive behavior makes me want to kill someone . 
< PROPFEMALE > Hainer left ... and i miss gusher < PROPFIRST > Gersper . and juicy < PROPFIRST > Marimon . and sexy < PROPMALE > Most . ahhh i miss you all =( hope you're doing well in that place that isn't here . and come see me when you are ! 
PHYSICS ! ahhhhhh , ahhh god i just threw up in my mouth a little bit . uuuuugh . 
I am . Too . Productive . 
The days get longer and the nights smell green . I guess it's not surprising but it's spring and I should leave . 
CLEANED MY CAR ! Spent 5 hours on it . It's shiny , it's clean , it squeaks . < PROPFEMALE > is happy . ' Nuff said . 
This nation was FOUNDED on the belief that your natural rights are life , < PROPFEMALE > , and the pursuit of happiness . Not life , < PROPFEMALE > , and property . We are the home of the capitalist American Dream , not of the socialist make-everything-available-to-everyone . So stop complaining about what all that you don't have , like free healthcare , food , and homes , and start WORKING for it . If you don't like it , GTFO . 
Went from having a pretty good morning to a pretty terrible afternoon within seconds . I'm permanently disqualified from joining the army . People overuse this phrase all the time .... but my life is actually ruined . All of my plans for the future - ALL OF MY PLANS for essentially the rest of my * life * - are completely dashed . 
I foresaw some horrible things having could have happened . 
WTF am I doing for spring break ? I feel like I have maybe a couple days of cool stuff to do and then I'll be bored again . Someone tell me what I'm doing . Do you know what I am saying . 
is so confused right now . If only I could get these Offspring lyrics out of my head . What's worse is I used to think it really was better this way . 
HAPPY PI DAY 
I am so full of drugs and vitamins right now , you could throw AIDS at me and I still wouldn't get it . 
was just browsing through all my stuff in deviantart ... and the earliest ones were in 2006 . I just realized it's been four years . FOUR YEARS PASSED BY - and no one told me ! Where the hell did all of the time go ! Holy shit , I miss faving < PROPFEMALE > Messner and < PROPFIRST > Marimon and < PROPMALE > Most . New goal : to put new stuff up constantly ! I ... am back . Hopefully . 
Temperature change is just wayyyy too much for me to handle right now . UGH ! 
is having a pretty inconvenient week . The multitude of inconveniences is just piling up . Ridiculously high . 
Find me . 
This is seriously The Worst Vacation I've Ever Had . 
The point was fast , but it was too blunt to miss . Please , bury me with it . 
forgot how enjoyable being awake is . Carpe Noctem . 
Don't sit down it's time to dig another one . 
facebook , You're stupid . Get cooler . 
Finding a little motel in CHICAGO !!!!!!! I don't have words that mean anything to you , but I'm leaving this town and wish it was for good . Last call . It's closing time . 
NOTHING OF THIS MUCH SEQUENTIALLY YET IRONICALLY PERFECTLY TIMED COOLNESS HAS EVER HAPPENED TO ME BEFORE 
I'm a little pissed at myself for lack of perfect timing when the opportunity arose . But I'll give it belated anyway , because it was so good and time doesn't really mean anything anyway . 
is so pissed off right now . 
the girls i mean are not refined 
I used to strive for happiness . But I can never be fully happy , fully enjoy anything , because all of my gains are someone else's losses . I would much rather have lost and enjoy their happiness than be selfish and have to watch their suffering . 
I am relatively prime . 
Today , the pattern of lights is ALL WRONG . 
We're gonna party like it's 1997 . Hah . Too bad I wasn't alive in the 1300's . I would pwn them with my mad skillz . And no one would know . 
As life gets longer , awful feels softer . Well it feels pretty soft to me . And if it takes shit to make bliss , well , I feel pretty blissfully . If life's not beautiful without the pain , I'd just rather never ever even see beauty again . 
Old people with lavish amounts of perfume . Late twenties and wanna-be-twenties with way too , too , too much make-up . God wants you to look like a whore in a spring dress . < PROPMALE > Angley preaching in the background . Crowds of religious people , bumping up against me , brushing my non-believer skin , singing praises and guil t-t ripping the audience . Happy Easter . 
I believe in aliens . I think they come visit us sometimes . But I'm really upset with the Fourth Kind and the fact that I sat through that entire movie thinking it was a fucking documentary to reassure my beliefs only to find it's a goddamn hollywood phony . 
just experienced the Total Perspective Vortex . Mediocrity Principle has got me so down . I need to see the complete works of < PROPFIRST > Shakespeare written by a monkey before I go crazy and test Moravec's thought experiment . 
has phobias , and moments where their indiscretion is brutal . 
ZOMG ! What I'd give to be playing RoboCop 3 on Sega < PROPFEMALE > right now ... 
It's okay , until he pisses on your lighter . SATAN !!!! SATAN !!! SATAN !! SATAN ! 
JESUS H . CHRIST . What a < PROPMALE > . I've never been so close to physically attacking a customer . 
Could have expected less . 
Only truly realized this year that I can't continue clinging on to all that could have been . What isn't , what I can never have , never be , I'll accept and not waste the time I could be enjoying what is and trying for what I still can be . The memory remains . 
I NEED a single variable !! 
is a slave for Berkshire Hathaway . 
ZOMG . Just finished watching Takahashi finish stage three with GOD-LIKE grace that can only come with unbelievable upper body strength . What a ninja . 
ROOTING FOR CHICAGO !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Lately I've been lonely , I couldn't tell you why .. Ohhh no . 
I won't be able to get the smell of blizzards out of my hair or skin for weeks . 
I JUST FOUND THE COOLEST SECRET ENTRANCE TO THE ROOFTOP OF ONE OF THE TALLEST BUILDINGS ON CAMPUS !!!!! I'm so excited !! I can't wait to go back at night and take a ton of pictures ! 
Wait , does anybody else have holds on their record ? Akron has multiple \prevent enrollment\ " holds on my account and I can't schedule anything ... " 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thompson is awesome-tastic . 
is in a rotten mood . Woke up on the wrong side of the bed , missing my dog , dying to explore , wanting to < PROPFEMALE > out but wanting to be alone at the same time . Work later . Blagh . At least it's Thursday . School's almost over , which is cool .. but that just means exams are coming up . And everyone's leaving . A ton of UA people .. a ton of DQ people ... where's my scout ? I want to find a way out . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrVETr8w6Gw 
Worst day . Rotten morning , horrible afternoon , worse evening , even worser night . I'm in such an awful mood right now . It's disgusting . 
It took so much effort not to make an effort . Far enough , far enough wasn't far enough . I could have my mind erased and still not know exactly what I don't already know . 
Is really regretting setting up a facebook account for my mom . Remember that one time , when I had a private outlet for my day ? Yeah . That was cool while it lasted . 
I might disintegrate into thin air , if you'd like . I'm not the dark center of the universe , like you thought . Well , I'm sure you'd tell me you got nothing to say , but our voices shook hands the other day . If you can't see the thin air , what the hell is in the way ? 
< PROPFEMALE > product , divF , cross product , curl F , tangential and normal components of acceleration , vector fields , FTLI , greene's theorem , level curves , partial derivatives , directional derivatives , gradients , tangent planes , saddle points , larange multipliers , double integrals , triple integrals , rectangular/polar/cylindrical/spherical coordinates , laminas ! OH MY ! 
This is not your playground - It's my heart 
\Sabotage ! Clearly you were injected with an STD by the STD checkers ! \ " - < PROPFIRST > Marimon . lol <3 " 
New law : You must have a job prior to sexual activity . Proper care and NOT having a kid is expensive enough , let alone actually having a little bastard . 
Finished . 
< PROPFIRST > Heldman , you'll like this . I just found proof that 1 = 2 . Also in contrary to recieved conventional opinion , 3+2 = 0 . 
< PROPFEMALE > O'Shea , you're fucked up beyond my control . So stop throwing yourself back into my life whenever you need someone to complain to , only to disappear again when you realize I won't put up with being your passive aggressive scapegoat . I'm done with your bullshit , and I sincerely hope that you're out of my life for good this time . 
Really looking forward to that 36 hour period where 24 hours of it will be spent at work .... Yay summer ! 
I find myself relating to < PROPFEMALE > and Hayt . 
The makeup is on the shelf p_O 
I'm the same as I was when I was six years old . I still don't want to see a bruised face , but I guess it's the last time . 
May 12 , 2010 . RIP . 
AHAHA ! Naming the killer after a Black Sabbath song pretty much gave it away . 
AAAAAAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA . Suckered in ! Fell for it ! Went for it ! AAAAAND shut down ! Ohhhh , it gets me every time . 
< PROPMALE > Trunko , Tadd Tayuhd Novotny , < PROPMALE > Ater Trice , < PROPFIRST > Jarnar Gless , and whoever else lives .... Friday ? Saturday ? Piss off underneighbors ? I'll buy mostly p_O ! 
Got a call from my Sgt today ...... Chicago ..? 
..... \ 
There is nothing to let go\ 
Only time will let you know\ 
If you're worth anything\ 
and you know then\ 
That I'm giving up way too early . \ 
Let the axis turn you free\ 
And destroy everything you love 
WHY WONT ANYONE ANSWER THEIR PHONES ! Ugh ! I just need directions ! You people suck . 
Right . Well . Sorry for the spam-calling everyone about like an hour ago . In my defense , I genuinely needed directions in a lost place . Eventually I got < PROPFIRST > Gersper who couldn't anyway , Nate Hamlet has a droid , but finally < PROPFEMALE > Hainer gave me something sober . 
Broke into someone's house and cleaned it . Hopefully when they get back , they'll thank me with something monetary since I found a security glitch AND made everything look all pretty . AHEM . Mom . 
Oh my god . I'm in love . I just met you , about five minutes ago , but I've never felt this strongly about a browser before . <3 
Worst . Day . Of the year . I'm the same way as you , Keegan Yessir . Without fail , something ALWAYS happens to make it unenjoyable . 
Writing this on my iPod O_O 
NEWSFLASH : The epic Man vs . Machine battle isn't futuristic . The machines are already here . They are you . You've slowly been changing these past few decades into heartless , monotonous robots incapable of emotion , with only technology and other robots to keep you alive . As one of the few real humans left , I refuse to mechanize . 
Last . Lost . Ever . 
In general , just sick of people . Specifically , so disgusted with one particular person I may actually vomit . 
8,500 < PROPMALE > . 
Fail . Pick a topic . Fail . 
Credulous at best , your < PROPFEMALE > to believe in angels in the hearts of men . Pull your head out of your hippie haze and give a listen . The universe is hostile , so impersonal , devour to survive . So it is , so it's always been . 
I'm still here and I still don't understand . But because I still feel the same way , I'm gonna take a step back from my selfish desires , and let you figure things out . I refuse to add to your problems . Find me , if you wish , on your own time and readiness . <3 
Thanks , mom . I was fully convinced my car was stolen . I about died . 
Sometimes I wonder if anyone will ever know me better or as well as my dog . 
makes amends , in time . 
I think I just blew up the lawn mower . It went up into a fog of white smoke O_o 
http://www.pelapapas.com.mx/htmls/gente-suerte.html\ 
Two minute video of \The Luckiest People on Earth\ " . The last one is my favorite . " 
I've got it all .. ( most ) 
“Life’s journey is not to arrive at the grave safely in a well preserved body , but rather to skid in sideways , totally worn out , shouting ‘Holy shit what a ride ! ’” - < PROPMALE > S . Thompson . 
Too weird to live , too rare to die . 
People always ask me what I want to be when I grow up . From age 5-9 it was a nun . 9-15 is was a hitman . 15-now .... well , here's the scenario : 
Made my shoes shine with a coal , but the polish didn't shine the hole . 
Just got my last textbook for this semester . I'm renaming it \Java for dummies who for some reason like to read 1506 pages and < PROPFEMALE > around 20 lbs \"" 
So this is the difference between living and not living ? These are just bodies ... 
Destroyer of Worlds . Wrecker of Homes . Killer of Faith . Demon among Angels . 
< PROPMALE > Astley came on the radio at work -EVERY TIME- I went into the front where you can hear it . I was the only one laughing . The next day the radio broke . 
Fuck corn on the cob ! Fuck squirrels ! 
Sometimes you've got a life back home . Sometimes you're really alone , really alone . People used to live here , and lived their lives on this ground , raised them on these fields , and lost them in the future . 
Stupid sun for getting all up in my face . Stupid road for only having like four inches of road past the white line . Stupid jogger for not just running in the grass but having to run next to all the cars . Stupid city for not building sidewalks . Stupid car for being so huge . Stupid jogger for being so small and susceptible to damage . Stupid laws for their interpretation of \fault\ " . Stupid !!!! " 
Everyone's a voyeurist . They're watching me watch them watch me right now . 
Someone HIT MY CAR . And then DROVE AWAY . And left their CAR PAINT and a GASH/SCRATCH and a DENT and I'm VERY UPSET RIGHT NOW 
I've changed my mind so much I can't even trust it . My mind changed me so much I can't even trust myself . 
With the help of < PROPFEMALE > Hainer , today we saved the human population from systematic extinction at the hands of an alien race . 
laughing at having found the phrase \numerical value of infinity\ " in a textbook . " 
One of these days , you'll break me of many things . Some cold white day , but you're crazy if you think I would leave you this way . You should wake up before the wrath comes . Me and you could take off . 
The evil galactic confederacy tyrant Xenu is my Shepherd ; I shall not want . 
Every other person that walked into work today that was my age or younger was either pregnant , married , had a screaming baby in their arms , or a combination of the three . I almost felt left out . And then I remembered Power Rangers was on . 
New plan . I'm dropping everything and gonna learn to play a wicked violin . Then I'm gonna join a Norwegian black metal band and become a rockstar . 
FSM , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , the courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . 
has leprosy . 
feels GREAT 
I just finished stitching my jeans with plaid fabric to go with my poor-college-student-with-torn-down-jeans-can't-afford-to-buy-new-ones look . I haven't been this excited in almost three months 
Cold silence has a tendency to atrophy any sense of compassion .... between supposed lovers . And I know the pieces fit . 
Ahh ... the unfortunate repercussions of having awesome hair . People don't take too kindly to finding multi-colored strands in their blizzard cakes o_O 
Hair is pulled back and dull like everyone else's . I look like my dog after we took him home on the day he got his balls cut off . 
Nothing ever happens if you don't make it happen , and if you can't laugh then smile . 
Money is killing me . Yea , let us please the economy . We will go down to the bare essentials : Water , Bread , and Margaritas . Yea . 
ROAD TRIP !!! ..... sorta 
Never attributes to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity . 
is beginning to believe there's nothing that can't be fixed by a high speed police < PROPMALE > and a good cup of coffee . 
feels like shit . Someone bring soup . And chewing tobacco . 
I'LL CONDUCT THE GREAT DISASTER 
Ow + Goofballs + Venture bros + Differential Equations = Now . 
O_o _O 
21 GB later ... and I still can't get the one album I set originally set out to download . >.< 
I foresee < PROPMALE > change . 
Times like these , remembering God's final message to creation always helps . \ 
... \ 
\We apologize for the inconvenience . \"" 
Now we can officially laugh about it . 
I don't know where I could go away and you could wish that I had stayed or just stayed gone . So , out of the context and into what you meant , and you know your reasons . You don't know who you are but you know who you wanna be .... 
I mean .. I would have much rather woken up to my alarm clock , but the sound of getting pissed on works just as well . 
Lost in this place , like fragments of another time . I close my eyes and see myself from above , drifting apart , like splinters of scattered glass . But we all have our own reasons to continue . 
Something here will eventually have to explode . 
I have lived on the lip of insanity , wanting to know reasons , knocking on a door . It opens . I've been knocking from the inside . 
You live and you learn . At any rate , you live . 
nearly boiled to death . There must have been a door there in the wall when I came in . After so long of an exposure , this cold clarity is almost unreal . 
Listening to a student trying to play Yann Tiersen puts me in the mood for Comptine d'Un Autre Ete .. 
Did we connect ? Or was it all just ... biding time for you ? 
WANT !!!!!!! \ 
\ 
http://www.squishable.com/pc/squish_cthulhu_15/Big_Animals/plush+cthulhu 
< PROPFIRST > Gosling is a GODDAMN CUNT-ROACH QUACK >.< 
If you should go skating on the thin ice of modern life , dragging behind you the silent reproach of a million tear stained eyes , don't be surprised when a crack in the ice appears under your feet . You slip out of your depth and out of your mind , with your fear flowing out behind you as you claw the thin ice . 
Higher Order ODE's: 2\ 
Heather : 0 . 
DVQ : Pwnt . \ 
Heather : Win . 
Experienced the most INSTANTANEOUS < PROPFEMALE > today . 
The limit of Life as it approaches infinity is 0 . 
Sorry to offend , but sometimes life bends in the middle . Now you have a fulcrum where there used to be a pillar . 
left all my kinder parts rusting and peeling . 
let my bridges burn with secretive timing 
NEW HAIR TIME HAS COME AGAIN !!! Color suggestions . Ready go . 
Doctor's say that I'm insane . Society creates symptoms ; the system medicates them . Now we've all been diagnosed , I cannot feel at all . Kiss me baby , oh .... you can make it better . 
I need to be so academically productive for the next 32 hours . And yet ........ FALLOUT NEW VEGAS !!!!!! 
Goddamn giant radscorpians keep killing me ! >.< 
DP UNLEASHES CTHULHU !!! 
It's been a phantasmagorical day , and I love it . 
Q : Qui est-ce que tu veux avoir des rapports avec ? \ 
R : Excusez-moi si vous trouvez cette prude ou stupide , mais avec quelqu'un que j'aime . \ 
http://formspring.me/heathen1818 
Accidentally pressed the \deactivate\ " button . Hahaha ! Now you're a virgin again ! \ 
I'll be damned , you were right . No one's running this whole thing . God takes care of himself , and you of you . 
..... just woke up to the loud sounds of screaming and people LITERALLY puking on each other's faces , and then eating it . >.< 
You have the right to take vengeance when it's due , but it's not your obligation . You are better than that . Do not allow other people to make you sink to their level . Someone already so low has a reason for being there , and it might just be because they abused the right that you have in your hands now . Be objective . Be humane . 
About to be productive the only way I know how - surrounded by the aroma of coffee . 
Something broke inside my stomach . I let the pieces lie just where they fell . 
Even when the last tree falls - there will be fire . 
DOUBLE RAINBOW !!!!!!! AHHHHHHH ..... too much ! 
Uuuuuuuugggghhhhh . 
Someone feed the monkey while I dig in search of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Verbing . 
GIVE ME BACK MY CHECK BOOK OR I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN AND < PROPFEMALE > YOU UP BY YOUR SMALL INTESTINE . IN FRONT OF YOUR CHILDREN . 
I just rofl'ed @ having been literally a human sacrifice in New Vegas . 
reads the minds of all the people that pass her by , hoping someone will see . 
.... since feeling is first 
POR FAVOR ! ayudame pasa mi exam de colocación ( cerca de unas semanas desde ahora ) - hablame en solo < PROPFEMALE > idioma . * TOS * < PROPFIRST > Love * TOS * < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ... =D 
Finalmente . Terminé Fallout . Todavía ... había demasiados errores en el juego , pero mierda pasa . Todavía < PROPFEMALE > jodidamente increíble . ahora puedo dormir . XD 
hoy va a ser el mejor día de trabajo siempre . 
I have loved to the point of madness ; that which is called madness , that which to me , is the only sensible way to love . 
1957 : Eisenhower orders the military to integrate Little Rock Highschool . Resulting in The Little Rock 9x + C . 
< PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thompson is a god , and I can only try be as really freaking cool as him ... but alas , I'll only ever be able to obtain a perhaps bishop-status in comparison . 
forgot other people existed . 
Well , I don't know .. but I've been told you'll never die and you'll never grow old . 
I don't want comfort . I want God , I want poetry , I want real danger , I want freedom , I want goodness . I want sin . 
Doing the dirty with java . Text if you wanna join . 
Not sleeping for the next 50 hours in order to finish papers , programs , and projects ... 
Dreaming of that face again . It's bright and blue and shimmering ... grinning wide , and comforting me with its three warm and wild eyes . . . 
You'd killed the better part of me . We kiss on the mouth but still cough down our sleeves . 
Don't try engaging me . The faintest of shrugs , the prescription drugs , you'll never find a person inside . I need to know that someone sees that there's nothing left , I simply am not here ... 
My life's like a bad movie ... I've got to wake up so fucking early ... 
NEW LAPTOP ! =D 
outside , naked , shivering , looking blue from the cold sunlight that's reflected off the < PROPFEMALE > . baby , cum , angels fly around you , reminding me we used to be three and not just two ... 
Getting absolutely raped by power series and laplace transforms ... I'm dropping off the grid until thursday night . Text if you wanna be my savior distraction . 
WAKE ME UP AT 6 !!! EVERYONE CALL ME OR TEXT ME ... RIGHT AT 6 AM !! \ 
Seriously . 330-338-6320 
Mr. Smiley is NOT DEAD ! 
Once again , I feel the need to tell everyone just how unbelievably fantastic < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thompson is . 
denial is a better way of getting through another day . and silence is another way of saying what i wanna say . and lying is another way of hoping it will go away . when i'm down i drive the hearse ... 
blasting my iPod up aggravatingly loud because I refuse to be the 22nd and last person to leave my seat in the union due to this horrible pianist singing in an ear-piercingly awful voice about jesus . 
.... to the lighthouse !! 
i guess i'm gonna have to just start throwin ' shapes . 
Just a reflection , just a glimpse , just a little reminder ... 
Packin ' and leavin ' . I'll be on the road , so drop me a call . 
Let's sleep together . Right now . 
Es'ploding 
holds grudges . 
Fuck it . I'm sleeping . 
Happy birthday , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and Quaid-e-Azam . 
Dear Sleep : you have been good to me for the past 18 hours . Now I want you back . Until you realize that nobody else but me will treat you right , I'll be spending some time with Shower , Coffee , and Awake . I hope you get jealous and return to me . Love , < PROPFEMALE > . 
For the next eight hours , I'll be trying to pay for college with Full Tilt poker ... 
I'm listening to < PROPFIRST > Michaud fall asleep as she listens to < PROPMALE > Potter ... except the disc is scratched , and all I hear is \har-har-har-har-har-har-har-har-harry said . I ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca-ca -\" * continues for the next hour * " 
ZOMG !!! my BFF < PROPFEMALE > , CTO : AT PP FTW , BUT IANADBIPOOTV ( EMRTW BTW ) , BBQ SO AFAIC 4Q & F.C.P.S.I.T.Z.G.E.P.G.E.P.G.E.P !!!!!! 
Waiting 
Somebody come play wow with me O_O 
Tomorrowwww ! Here !!!! 
I just shared like fourteen consecutive winks with my dog . 
I have recently discovered that unfortunately people are not intimidated by my fists as much as they should be . So I bought a knife . His name is Wonko the Sane . How you like me now , Bitch ? 
Oh , what's up $700 that I do not have ? How are you ? Great . I'd love to meet you some time ... I can give you my digits . And you can give me yours ! =D 
I wanted to analyze and assess for you all just how terrible this semester will be ... but I just found some peanut butter , so for the moment I am satisfied . 
So if I can be mortally wounded , does that me I can also be immortally wounded ? 
I cannot afford college . So I'm applying for this scholarship . It requires a transcript . Except , I need to pay my student fees before Akron will let me have a transcript . Except , I need scholarship monies before I can pay the student fees . Except , I'm stuck in a never-ending cycle of poverty and inability . Except , FML . 
It must be Thursday ... I could never get the < PROPFEMALE > of Thursdays . 
ZOMG ! There's an infinite number of monkeys outside who want to talk to us about this script for Hamlet they've worked out ! 
When I'm in this state of reflection and you hand me whips and two by fours , I could never bring them down and beat the same horse as before . 
In . Love . 
SPACE COWBOY , COME TO ME !!!! 
A man . A plan . A canal . Panama . 
Our steps seal fate . 
I guess it's kind of funny when you look at it from a step back .. how one man can literally buckle under the same pressures other men operate normally under . But I guess some times , when you can't breathe , there are people there to breathe for you . 
I hate having an honest job . I want to be recognized for how well I can perform illegal activities . And then have the government pay me to do them . While I live in a secret lair underneath a Monster production factory . And a C.I. puts the cans in old school laundry holders and sends them down to me . 
It's days like these ... that make me wish I had bought a WoW account .. 
JHONEN VASQUEZ : Surpassing normal limits for human awesomeness . 
I don't actually have 302 friends . 
I forgot it was February until a bunch of African people started singing and dancing around me . 
Life is not the opposite of death ; it is an exception to death , and a very rare one at that . 
Been here for 13 hours . Now I leave . I SAID GOOD DAY ! 
I was gonna stay the night at my friends house , he was like , \You're gonna have to sleep on the floor ... \ " Fucking gravity . Got me again . " 
I just made the coolest acronym for memory . \ 
All females pick ' naners . Most males cook dinner . Don't hate kinky moose , give thanks !! 
Reality is a crutch for people who can't handle drugs . 
There is too much blood in my caffeine system . I will explode if not provided enough amounts . 
I am legitimately allergic to roses . Happy Effing Valentines Day . 
I have almost , but not quite , entirely not finished my work for today . 
Wanna hear a good joke ? Fox News . 
RANK NUMBER 21 !!!!!!!! 
19 !! 
15 ! 
TWELVE 
And I don't know where I could go away and you could wish that I had stayed or just stayed gone . So out of the context and into what you meant , and you know your reasons . You don't know who you are but you know who you want to be . 
http://www.brickfish.com/Pages/PhotosAlbums/PhotoView.aspx?picid=1304141_22389026&pid=4942683&scid=593 & 
http://www.brickfish.com/Pages/PhotosAlbums/PhotoView.aspx?picid=1304141_22389026&pid=4942683&scid=593&\ 
gooooo go gadget voting 
http://www.brickfish.com/Pages/PhotosAlbums/PhotoView.aspx?picid=1304141_22389026&pid=4942683&scid=593 
I have so much school shit that's due this week . I've been putting it off in hopes that the world will explode before I put any work into it . So far ... well , you can read this . 
I don't read a clock anymore . The < PROPFIRST > don't represent the moments and I don't see what all that ticking's for . You're the only one who can define real . 
< PROPMALE > moves to Ohio this weekend =D 
Can you feel this ? What is that buzzing ? Are you now , or have you ever , moved slowly ? 
Facebook is boring now . 
