sometimes goodbye is a second < PROPMALE > 

happy broke ass monday ! 
shopping ... no juicy or diamonds today 
In loving memory of the best chihuahua a little black dog and a 3-legged dog could make 
is enjoying a glass of wine .. actually just arbor mist 
... i'm not ready to make nice .. still mad as hell and i don't have time to go round and round and round .. it's too late to make it right ... 
the blacker the < PROPFIRST > , the sweeter the juice .. the darker the flesh , the deeper the roots ... 
... I got this icebox where my heart used to be ... 
Tomorrow ain't promised today , so this right now is the good life . Live it up , drink it down , and never have regrets because at one point what you did was exactly what you wanted ! 
got the phone run over ... again ... 
excited for dinner out tonight 
decided to sleep out on the ... balcony thing ... in the lawn chair ... aka my recliner .. with loa on my chest ... 
going black diamonds tonight .. 
WSU by heart .. Hawaii by blood ... 
layin on the couch with chianti hovering over me with her chew toy ... 
slow down and love someone 
new drink .. on part alize one part < PROPFEMALE > 
has to sleep on the right side .. ugh i don't like it ... 
chicken jerky 
why am i still awake 
i love costco an their samples ! an my trail mix 
where are my keys 
i wanna wake up with the rain fallin on a tin roof 
< PROPFEMALE > secret in the morning 
why the hell are there crumbs in my bed when i dont eat in bed .. 
i'm at < PROPFEMALE>'s concert .. VIP pass biatches 
you've left me now and it's seasoned my soul , and with every step you take i watch another part of you go . i continue to build a wall but you were so strong i fell to my knees .. 
when i got home there was a frog sitting at the bottom of my stairs .. could it be ... < PROPMALE > charming .... lol :) 
i don't want to finish putting in my laminate floors ... ugh ....... someone do it for me . lol :) 
i swear there is something in the alcohol at clubs that gets you tipsy faster than regular alcohol .... and i smell < PROPFEMALE > syrup .. but not the house 
glad i didn't pay money to watch paranormal activity ... 
so i had a brow lift and lets just say this ... it feels like the worst headache and migraine i've ever had put together ... yeah that's pretty close ... haha i'd laugh at the pain but that would move too many muscles in my face and cause more pain ... 
mmm coke 
3 more weeks and i'm back in washington ! 
you thought i'd wait around forever .. well baby get real ... i'll just kick you to the curb in my red high heels 
2 1/2 weeks and so much to do and so little time ... 
can i be in washington already ? ugh ........ 
i have to dye some paper .. hmmm 
2 more weeks y'all! 
drinking soy milk in the kitchen without my alize because she ran to aunty < PROPFEMALE > ... rude .. 
i'm so fricken cold right now .. i think it's 68ish degrees ... i'm gonna freeze in washington .. ugh maybe i shouldn't go ! just kidding y'all ... i'm coming back in ... math calculations ..... shoot i think it's 5 days .. i don't know ... 
wonders what this denali cat does all day while she is alone ... does she watch the fish ? try to open the fridge to get processed meat to snack on ? run up and down the stairs to burn a few extra pounds off ? ( which she totally doesn't need to do ) .. does she just pace slowly back and forth taking short breaks here and there ? i just want to know .... 
wtf ? < PROPFEMALE > murphy died ? 
2 hours left of 2010 . Happy new year y'all . Have fun , be safe !!! 
Happy new year to the west coast to the east . Hawaii ... You still have 2 hours . 
aight happy new year to all y'all be safe ! imma sleep , mamacita is tired ! 
Apparently I'm slow because I just got the black and yellow song . I still think it's a dumb song . 
A little crown and coke to make me sleepy sleep . 
Today was a good day ! Finished most of the kitchen . Finished the nasty hole in the wall . Went to dinner with the bestie and hubby . And since shammy was over I didn't clean so I'm forced to rest and recharge . now this hefty pooch is sleeping on my stomach . 
I'm no longer able sleep so I went on craigslist . Always good for a laugh ... Besides the usual NSA , all I see are a bunch of married for married . Married , very discreet . Married , seeking NSA . Attached , looking for female friend . Married looking for secret woman to unwrap tonight . Married and looking . Married , are you ? \ 
That's funny in a you're douche-lord kind of way . 
I feel so sick right now . And I just chopped off my nail when I was cutting vegetables for soup . Nail isnt a secret ingredient . 
is it wrong to accept money from someone that thinks i'm hot ?? cause i did .. lmao 
i still want some spaghetti :) 
the < PROPFEMALE > and the frog is just plain sad .. why firefly ? why ? 
i got a lovely back and foot massage .. my back feels fabulous now ... 
oh my babies are so cute ! reminds me of my alize ... 
I really should stop drinking beer . This gut is appearing and it's not hot . Lol 
To be or not 2 b ? That is the question . 
I <3 u chocolate . 
How is 7eleven out of fricken lighters . And who took my damn lighter from my car ? 
I wish that I could b ur superman tonight ... What ? 
Watching terms of endearment . I like old movies , get off it . 
It's 3am and I'm still up . What's really going on ? 
Got my back and hand massage . My right side is still jacked up . Oh joy . 
I love you . 
This massage crap better b good . I'm losing my good mood right now . 
I want to grow lemons . I heart them . Not eating them just looking at them . Who wants to come clean my apt ? 
Y is mililani so cold ? 
Tell me y my picture is on my debit card and i still get asked ' can I see a photo id ? ' and ' it doesn't look like u . ' 
\My senses are telling me it's suppose to be your house . \"- < PROPFEMALE > " 
Goodnight facebook . Good morning to those awake . 
Ahhh 10 things I hate about you . Reminds me of Washington . Wonder why ? 
\Have u always been this selfish ? Just because you're beautiful doesn't mean you can go around treating people like they don't matter . \ " ..... I like go paintball . And I miss Seattle . Ugh . " 
But mostly I hate the way I don't hate you . Not even close . Not even a little bit . Not even at all . 
... From the very first time I rest my eyes on you , boy . My heart said follow through ... 
I love this crazy tragic sometimes almost magic , awful beautiful life . 
lets see , bubba gump ... how lovely ... macaroni grill ... how divine- i love fettucini < PROPMALE > ... < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland 3d ... it was all good .. i was getting headache though 
listening to some tupac .. gangsta lovin 
i would trade give away all the words that i saved in my heart that i left unspoken ... 
Ur everything I could live my life without . 
Dear slow drivers , you irk me . Happy new year 
That day for no particular reason , I decided to go for alittle run . 
What am I supposed to do when the best part of me was always you ?... 
All my ladies say hey . Hey . Hey daddy ... Daddys home . Home for me . Cuz i know youve been waiting for this lovin all day . Daddys home . :) 
Ur body is bangin baby , I love it when u flaunt it , time to give it to daddy , n **** now tell me how u want it ... Ahh tupac 
I tried to be good but then I got bored 
so afraid to love u , more afraid to lose . Clinging to a past that doesn't let me choose . Once there was a darkness a deep and endless night , u gave me everything u had , oh , u gave me light ... 
Aww my booboo is sick . 
I hate how The hospital doesn't know shit . Like uhhhhhh ? Blank stare ... Uhhhh ? Then they start asking u the same questions u just asked them . Hawhat ? 
Dear boiling hot oil , u hurt me and I hate u . But thanks for frying the chicken . 
drink water its good for you .. 
Or if ur me , drink martinis . Lol . Happy hour < PROPFEMALE > tais . 
Livin it up at the hotel California . U can check out anytime u like but can't never leave . 
I would have given u all of my heart ... 
I love martinis . 
Waikiki spaghetti factory is sooo much nicer than tacomas . Lol 
RQ : ... please hold her and protect her til she's right back in my arms again . Oh and tell her how I love her and I'll b waiting right here forever . Amen ... If u don't get this then I don't know what . 
RQ : I represent Queens she was raised out in brooklyn ... 
Bring back the days u used to love me . Bring back the days I used to call u my own . 
And this just in : < PROPFEMALE > doesn't give 2 shits anymore . Stick a fork in me , I'm done . 
going zbar tonight ... come join me ... will be fun ... 
RQ : I never told you what I should have said . No , I never told you , I just held it in . And now I miss everything about you . I can't believe that I still want you , after all the things we've been through . 
So I've been to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > bar . Bubba gump . Macoroni grill . Island burgers . Tsukiji . Cali pizza kitchen . And < PROPFEMALE > tuesday . I think all ala moana needs is a movie theatre and a tattoo shop . Then it would b complete . Lol 
So Im bored . Someone needs to hit me up to do something . Hurry up . Lol 
I've decided to b beach bound . And I really want a ceasar salad . With chicken . Hmm 
Oh shiit have to give up rice ... For a week . U too < PROPFEMALE > . Lol 
I'm in love w the new 24 hour fitness in < PROPFEMALE > city . 
Ugh WTF am I doing ? 
Love knows no logic 
Hey , try shut up , k ?!? 
RQ : Tonight , out on the street , out in the moonlight . And damn it this feels too right . It's just like < PROPFEMALE > vu . Me standing here with you . I'll be holding my own breath , could this be the end ......... This doesn't make any sense ... To me 
RQ : ..... I hold u in my arms . Yeah that's where it starts . I seek faith in ur kiss and comfort in ur heart ... I Lay my tongue upon ur scars , I look into ur eyes . And we stand worlds apart ...... 
I have an evil headache and I don't feel well . This is some kind of stupid . 
Oh yes 12 days and I'll b 21 .... Again ! Lol 
here is the deepest secret nobody knows ( here is the root of the root and the < PROPMALE > of the < PROPMALE > and the sky of the sky of a tree called life ; which grows higher than the soul can hope or mind can hide ) and this is the wonder that's keeping the stars apart i < PROPFEMALE > your heart(i < PROPFEMALE > it in my heart ) 
WTF is this . I don't feel good . This doesn't happen to me . I just get the cold w a cough and runny nose . Not the irkitating ' i don't feel good bs ' ugh go away u . Go away . 
They talk like all the tv shows I don't watch . 
Going gym . 
LOL :) 
RQ : I'd take another < PROPMALE > , take a fall , Take a shot for you . And I need you like a heart needs a beat . But it's nothin new . I loved you with a fire red .. Now it's turning blue ..... 
Trying to finish Sherlock holmes for the third time . 
Eating pho . 
Status update : 1-4-3 lol :) 
im forever yours faithfully ..... 
RQ : now everything is new to me .. but it looks just right ... whoa it's strange but it's beautiful .. yet i know where i am ... i've never been here before .. i've never been loved like this .. never been tumblin , stumblin over the words that get tangled inside me .. i've never been moved this way , nobody's ever made me say ......... \ 
\ 
old one but i figure i'd give you an easy one .... lol 
i realize i put a bunch of randomness as my status updates .. most of the time lyrics from a song i'm listening to .. or just completely random crap ... but all of which are for my loyal and faithful fans !!! haha i am funny ... 
I think there's something wrong w this chicken outside . Like it has tourettes of the beak ... My niece says the cock-a-doo wants to go to the barn bc that's where all his friends are . 
I almost told you that I loved you . Lol that's funny 
RQ : have u ever had to love someone that just don't feel the same ? trying ro make someone care for u is like trying catch the rain ...... \ 
I'm not sure I remember who this is by . 
If u don't love me someone else will 
you don't look a day over fast cars and freedom ....... 
Good things come to those that wait . Not to those that wait too late ........ \ 
Soooo I should buy those shoes because by the time they go on sale they'll be no more . ;( 
I'm in like w the wait staff at bubba gump today . My regular . Maybe this is y I tip so much . Lol . 
Happy mothers day . 
Straight no chaser 
RQ : I'm gonna show u tonite i'm alright I'm just fine . And ur a tool so so what . I'm still a rockstar . Got my rock moves . And I don't need u .......... I love pink . 
I'm crawling through the doggy door . My key don't fit my life no more . I'll change the drapes , I'll break the plates . I'll find a new place , burn this fucker down ....... 
< PROPFEMALE > Montana is going to the movies tonite . To see iron man 2 . Well probably . Lol 
QED . Quod erat demonstrandum . Thus it is proved . 
RQ : I'm goin back home to the west coast ... I wish u could fit into my suitcase . 
Dear pain in my back , GO AWAY . I'm tired of being in pain . Oh but party tomorrow . 
Omg , I feel like shet . What the f ? And then of course one of my closest friends is being all hermit crabby so blahh . Lol .... But yay for tattoos ! I'm almost done w my calf . Just needs color now ! 
I'm learning to be brave in my beautiful mistakes 
thank you to all you lovely and fabulous people that came out to dine with me last night ... much aloha ... 
RQ : Protect the seed that wants to go to a garden . Pardon the territory . I'd fight for you . 
Who are the stars that lie to you ? Noone tells you that forever feels like home .... \ 
Sometimes lyrics make absolutely no sense to me at the moment of impact but other times perfect sense . Not the case . Lol 
RQ : I know you'll ask me to hold on . And < PROPFEMALE > on like nothings wrong . But there is no more time for lies . Cause I see sunset in your eyes . I can't take it any longer . Thought that we were stronger . All we do is linger . Slipping through my fingers . I don't want to try now all that's lefts goodbye .... \ 
Well sort of ... 
BBQ w sistah < PROPFEMALE > . Fun times . Woot woot 
Every time I eat , doesn't matter what it is I feel sick . I just ate chicken and chicken long rice . What the f ? 
Goodnight fb . Happy hibernation to u all . 
RQ : tonight baby you got me sad and blue ... \ 
Go < PROPFEMALE > . I know U got it . 
I like this song its catchy ...... Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars . I could really use a wish right now . 
FML ... FML ...... FML ............ 
I feel like curling up in a ball . I don't know what the hell to do . Or better what to do first . And I wish I had a home to go back home to . Blah . 
Thunder only happens when it's raining . Players only love u when they're playing ..... 
I think to clarify- my issues would have to do w my lack of ability to do things logically . And then it screwed me . Everything all at once . Blah . But I just felt like a cat . How they'll stretch all the way out then curl up in a ball and take a nappy nap . 
Ooooooooohhhhhhhhh and this just in . I have to do laundry . Clean . Deal w my uncle and tutus situations . Deal w money . Pay < PROPMALE > s . Find a < PROPMALE > . Turn some crap off . Talk to a few important ppl about some stuff . Change owners . Take a shower . Pay a ticket . Find a ticket for my sibling . Write a letter to the government . Ugh . 
I love stress . It's fabulous . ( complete and utter sarcasm ) It keeps me up at night . Makes me not want to eat . Which I still do out of habit . Lol . Makes me irritably more irritable . And short tempered . I feel like shooting off a shotgun . where's that water I asked myself for an hour ago ? Haha . So what , I'm still a rockstar .... Right ? What else could I b besides Fabulous , awesome , amazing , aerodynamic .... 
Happy thirsty Thursday ! 
This just in . I'm leaving the state of Hawaii for awhile . Going back home to Washington for a vacation , family time , and clear my head ... 
RQ : and i realize that everything i ever need is in your eyes .. 
Oh haha jk jk . I come in at 1020pm tomorrow night . So when u feel that rush of awesome that's just me landing down on Washington soil . Hahaha . Despite my humor I'm not all that excited . Hmmm 
I just had a thought that the stupid blanket w sleeves would come in handy while I'm outside having a beer 
For u I gave my heart and turned my back against the world ... I can't deny how much I love you . I done give up everything I had to . As hard as it is i'm afraid I gotta say , I'm ready to sign them papers . 
Sitting at the airport eating my food my favorite non related grandmother made me . I'm stealing her and calling her my own . 
Ohhhh homeward bound always gets to me when shadow falls in the hole and says to < PROPMALE > ' you've already learned everything u need to know . All u need to learn now is how to say goodbye . ' oh shadow . And fricken shady is sleeping on the floor snoring . Crazy dog . 
So besides the fact that it's only 11 to me , I can't fall asleep on my right side . Or on the right side of the bed when someone else is sleeping w me . Ugh . 
Playing badmitten with the boys . And me and the sibling won . Ha ha ha 
I'm freezing . I'm wearing sweats and 3 shirts and im fricken FREEZING . 
RQ : even though the moment passed me by , I still can't turn away ... The reruns all become our history . A tired song keeps playing on a tired radio .... \ 
One of my favorite songs . And Kilikina best know this bc I played it on ur computer like 100 times . 
Your ridiculous little opinion has been noted . 
Peoples ignorance about dogs and pitbulls in general irritate me . 
Who was to know that love that is lost cannot be let go . 
RQ : I'm < PROPMALE > from where u r and I lay u down on the cold ground and I pray that something picks me up and sets me down in ur warm arms . \ 
To where this is the song from the dear < PROPFIRST > trailer that I like . Muhahahaha 
I remember that time u told me , u said , \love is touching souls . \ " surely you've touched mine cause part of u pours out of me in these lines from time to time . You're in my blood like holy wine . " 
Aww the shade- meister just got a bath . That's what happens when u lay in the firepit . 
So far I don't miss Hawaii . I do miss my people but the state itself ... Not so much . I do miss people enjoying my tattoo as much as I do tho . Lol 
aww yes , a lovely run to start the day ... 
< PROPFEMALE > garden . Love it . 
I hate my sisters boyfriend . Same shit 2 years later . 
Watching old school Disney movies w the kids . 
As I'm watching snow white on VHS I think I miss childhood . When things were slower . Lol . Cartoons were better and things were less complicated . 
Hello facebook . Going to the park today to picnic w the fam . 
RQ : Oh half of my heart's got a grip on the situation ... Half of my heart's got a right mind to tell you .. That I can't keep loving you ... 
RQ : when push comes to shove you taste what you're made of .. you might bend till you break cause it's all you can take .. on your knees you look up .. decide you've had enough .. you get mad , you get strong .. wipe your hands , shake it off .. then you stand ... 
goodnight facebook ... goodnight yucky tasting wine in the fridge 
RQ : now i have no one to argue with .. cause i'm not home .. don't care who you're with .. don't call my phone .. or did you forget .. you know you're wrong .. i'm gone and you're all alone .. hearing your own damn echo .... \ 
this song makes me lol ... 
Watching avatar . 
Gave up on avatar to sit in the sauna . Freezing again . 
Tell me y I'm up at 3 in the morning wide awake watching finding nemo . 
You've got some serious thrill issues , dude . 
Sun finally came out . Hello sun ! 
RQ : And I’m surrounded by . A million people I\ 
Still feel alone . Oh , let me go home . I miss you , you know ... \ 
Kilikina , u like make me a copy of his cd . 
tell me why i've only been in washington for 9 days but it feels hella longer than that ????? 
Babysitting my sisters kids , doing some laundry , dishes , and cleaning . Yay ! 
Y do u always want what u can't have ? 
RQ : tell me now , baby , is he good to you , can he do to you the things that i do ?.... sometimes it's like someone took a knife , baby , edgy and dull and cut a 6 inch valley through the middle of my soul ...... \ 
gotta love the boss 
Just ate cereal w a spoon for the first time in awhile 
Oh I love my life . I'm actually happy for More than a moment . It's nice ! Lol 
Haha Im always amused when some random guy will come up to me and comment on my tats then say I think you're beautiful . Whatever I know I am . Lol . Oh and crazy !!!! 
hello lovely people ! hope everyone is having a fabulous day ! 
I am legend is a depressing movie . 
RQ : cats away well the mice will play .. LOL .. smiley face .. have a nice day !.... 
< PROPFIRST > ur funny for telling me this . \A man should b lucky enough to have a woman like u and say that was the highlight in his life ... I'm lucky to have such a sexy mama like u ! \ " y did I leave Hawaii ?!? Lol " 
good morning facebook !! today is a rainy foggy day in the great state of washington .. i think i might go on a walk down to the golf course ... either way happy sunday all !! 
You tell me I'm an arrogant son of a bitch and I tell u when ur being a pain in the ass . Which u are 99% of the time . I'm not afraid to hurt ur feelings . U have like a 2 sec rebound rate then ur back doing the next pain in the ass thing ... 
so today was a lovely day but my back hurts when i do the inhale/exhale thing ... which seems to be necessary so maybe the pain could go away ... i'm also stressing about a few things ... 
So I was taking a walk and stubbled across a little big tree . ( I named him < PROPMALE > ) he's pretty . Has dark green fluff close to the trunk and light green tips . Very close to my cactus ' steve ' in Hawaii . 
RQ : Don't be someone elses slogan because ur poetry 
That's your weird indulgence ? - < PROPFIRST > 
Ugh walking the golf course . Y ? 
Um so this black and white cat is stalking me . I'm going home from my walk an this cat out of no where started following me . Scary ! Lol 
tell me why the song ' < PROPFEMALE>' is stuck in my head ???? ' and now all you're hearing is your own damn e-e- < PROPFEMALE >...' 
RQ : and your words couldn't hide the scent .. cause the truth about where you been .. is in a fragrance i can't recognize ... 
Omg . I'm out with drunk mother fuckers . WTF is going on . 
Good afternoon facebook ! 
Spending the night at my sisters . Blah < PROPFIRST > is an ickday . Words don't describe the ' dislike ' I have for him ... Sidenote- shady snores loudly . Crazy dog . I'm watching < PROPFEMALE > the pooh on VHS . Again , one of my old videos from childhood . I <3 tigger ! 
Nighty night time for < PROPFEMALE > Montana to go to bed . 
RQ : couldn't get it right on yesterday . So kiss our tomorrows goodbye .. Now I'm crying like a baby . Girl , your love is like my blanket , don't know what to do without it . 
RQ : You were like my lover and my best friend . All wrapped into one , with a ribbon on it ... Don't even recognize the ways you hit me , do you ?... You'll do anything for the one you love . ' Cause anytime that you needed me , I'd be there . It's like you were my favorite drug . The only problem is that you was using me . In a different way than i was using you ... 
enjoying a glass of arbor mist .. oooohh so classy 
why is the song yesterday by < PROPFEMALE > braxton stuck in my head .. i guess it's better than 143 which was in my head earlier ... along wth < PROPFEMALE > spears ... lol 
Good morning to you . Good morning to you good morning all my beautiful and amazingly awesome people on facebook . Good morning to you . 
You can be anywhere when your life begins . When the future opens up infront of you . And you may not even realize it at first but it's already happening . 
Goodnight facebook . I really can't wait to go back home to Hawaii . 
Goodmorning facebook . Went to sleep 330 . Been up since 7ish . Why ? Well long day . Gotta get ready for tomorrow . Fun times :) 
What a lovely day in Washington . About 70ish degrees . So im taking a break to lay out on the hammock . 
At the movies watching get him to the Greek . 
Watching overboard . While enjoying blue < PROPFEMALE > and a bagel . 
Goodnight facebook . Happy dreams ! 
Baking , cooking , preparing food w the sibling for kalanis birthday party . Decorating and cleaning . And dealing w the puraw . Oh and facebooking . multitasking it today ! Lol :) 
Y would u take ur car to a mechanic who's never owned a vehicle . - that's what she said 
RQ : say I love you without a sound ... 
scorpian < PROPMALE > .... love it ! love the rock ... 
RQ : you know that I love you so . I love you enough to let you go . 
Having a picnic with the kids at the zoo ! 
Just walked all 3+ < PROPMALE > of the golf course . I'm happy now . 
Yeah so tell me how I managed to get a sun burn in WASHINGTON but don't in Hawaii ? What ?!??! 
RQ : i know i would apologize if i could see your eyes .. cause when you showed me myself , you know i became someone else .. but i was caught in between all you wished for and all you need .......... 
RQ : i know your game , i'm not feeling what you do .. so i'm bouncing .. and i'm out , son .. i gotta leave you alone .. 
Eating mexican 
loving the thought of sleep in a < PROPMALE > size bed ... 1 wittle dachshund is sleeping with me too .. 
Eating pho . Mmm tasty ! 
At the bowling alley . Wtf 
At the bar watching the game ! Lakers all the way ! 
i thought i was going to sleep early ... it's 1am ... next thing it will be 3am and i'll be like oh time for sleep .. boo 
random thought ... as i was laying in bed i stretched out thinking it's lovely sleeping in a large bed where you can stretch out and not be like oh edge , or person , or dog , etc .. why can this be my bed .. hmmm i wonder if i can bring this on the plane .... which by the way i really don't feel like going back to hawaii anytime soon ... 
Beautiful day at the beach . :) 
At breakfast w < PROPFEMALE > And < PROPMALE > . 
So i have a problem and someone should lend me some advice . Or opinions ...... Aaaannnnd go ! 
happy fathers day to all the dads ! 
RQ : my eyes r open wide . By the way , I made it through the day ... I've done the best I can to make them realize this is my life I hope they understand ... Sometimes goodbye is a second < PROPMALE > ........ At life . Ahahahaha . 
So I've discovered that the scab/ whatever I've been picking at on my scar is actually a stitch . Can't pull it out . And I am not cutting it out . Soooooo yeah . Hmm 
I heart Indian food . 
Finally I waved to a random person and they waved back ! That makes me so happy . 
Ugh . My back is Trying to kill me . Boooo . Lol 
RQ : when I'm hurtin baby I ain't happy baby . Plus there's so many other things I gotta deal with ... 
Oh my goodness oh my gosh , mamacita Is really warm right now . Still on Hawaii time but acclimated to wa weather . Lol 
First time ever I've gotten ' your tats r hella fly . ' lol . 
RQ : now I'm feeling like I should . Never knew single could feel this good ... \ 
Ps lovely day in Washington . Taking a walk down around the golf course in a bit . 
Walkin the golf course bc I'm a rockstar . Lol . Oh right w the little dog named Izzie . She's an attention whore i've discovered . 
\ever love someone and you don't know why ? yeah that's how i feel about you .. \ " lmfao " 
so i decided i would take the little dog for a walk .. which turned into oh what the hell might as well make it 6 < PROPMALE > .. blah .. and the little dog kept up ... 
I'm always irked at movies where a person on foot is being chased by a car and they run in the same direction the car is going . Does logic not tell u , hey dumbass the car is faster than me maybe I should run opposite direction to the car to gain some time ? \ 
Sidenote : I spent almost 4 hours on the phone w a friend I haven't talked to in like a year .... that makes me happy :] 
Painting a plate for the sibling . Almost done . 
So the dog needed a bath but so did Aunty and I didn't have much time . So we both shampooed and rinsed at the same time . 
I run LA . Lol 
At the taste w the sibling and the lovely Jennings siblings . 
thought i would walk the golf course twice and home .. ugh 8 < PROPMALE > later my feet hurt .. but a lovely tan happened .. :) 
Haha I went to change and fms I have a tank top tan . \ 
RQ : burmudas flip flops and a tank top tan . 
At the casino and the club upstairs just played I'm in miami trick . Lol 
Eating at the buffet in the casino and oh look a table away is mc hammer . Lol that's hella funny . 
rq : i love love .. i look good in love ... all dressed up in love .. 
Rq : u taste just like glitter mixed w rock and roll . 
RQ : But i just want to say , that all this nothing has meant more to me than so many somethings . So thanks . 
Watching you've got mail . Love it . 
First day of school . I remember those drabby crabby days . Lol 
Aunty is tired . And my 4 yr old niece can ride a bike better than I can . What the heck ? 
Goodnight people . First time I went to sleep before 12 in a long time . Gotta wake up early tomorrow . 
I love you right up to the < PROPFEMALE > - and back . 
There is something about swinging that makes me happy . Even w my bum knee . 
Worked out . Lifted weights . Tanned . Went in the pool . Then the jacuzzi . My knee is almost back in working condition . :) 
I don't want to be a playa no more . 
Waiting for eclipse to start . Oh nay I'm one of those people . 
Do u always speak in bumper sticker . 
Dear alcohol , \ 
I'm tired of u . U make me sick , give me headaches , and cause me emotional pain . Goodbye ! \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Me 
And this just in my throat feels like Im swallowing a porcupine . Fml 
ahhhhhh this throat thing .. its bogus ... ugh ... someone bring me soup .. or cough drops ... or < PROPFEMALE > ... 
If I wasn't so happy I'd say something like , ' bacon isn't love ' 
i just want to lay in bed , curl up in a ball , and sleep .. i strongly dislike being sick .... \ 
p.s. what could be more tacky than an amusement park ? - geof ~ ace of cakes 
change of plans kids ... i'm not quite coming/going back to hawaii when i thought .. little bit longer 
So we're eating supper and < PROPFEMALE > says to < PROPFIRST > , \daddy .... CATFISH !!!! \"" 
The wizzard of oz on VHS with the niece and shady . Good times . Nice way to end a lovely day . 
Happy 4th of July ! And happy birthday to my beautiful sister < PROPFIRST > . 
Lovely fireworks everyone . < PROPFIRST > told shady to go protect the baby . She ran over and sat at my feet . Aww I love this dog . Happy fourth . Be safe ! 
Why is it close to 5am and I'm still awake . 
still sick but went and moved my stuff from my friends garage to my sisters .. backed a trailer up for the first time .. i've driven a uhaul with a car trailer but never attempted to back one up ... mission accomplished .. then had to move the trailer by hand oooh fun .. not :) my hands are feeling that one ... picked some strawberries .. then home to shower .... feels nice to be clean ... the sneezing hasn't stopped !!!!! 
rq : your new beginning was the perfect ending .. but i keep feeling we've already been here before .... 
Sometimes not feeling is the only way to survive . 
Is it just me or does the shake weight commercial look wrong . 
Suppose to b 90 degrees ? Idk If it is but I'm walking the golf course today and working on my tan . :) 
Anybody ever tell u u look like a striked match ? 
When ur in a relationship w an awful person I like to call that a relationshit . - < PROPMALE > cook 
i love < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > .. even though they never speak ... 
ugh this week has been a lot of lifting heavy junk .. random acts of ' i think i'll workouts ' getting ready for this weekends garage sale and getting tanning time in .. at which i realized how < PROPFEMALE > i was before .. who comes to washington from hawaii to tan ??? 
its getting light out and i still havent gone to sleep yet ... also this just in ... my phone decided to be a b word and right as i was getting a call from the one person i wanted to talk to it decided to stop working .. as in wont do anything .. awesome ... more money going into things i dont want to spend money on ... yay ... 
I hate iPhones and AT&T . Scratch that modern technology sounds great and grand till it malfunctions and u have to fix it . Yot . 
U know u looking at a winner ! Lol . For a brief moment I LML ! 
My body is sore but it's been a good day :) can someone massage my feet ?!? I'll love u forever :] 
Hey lovely Washington facebookers ! My sister and I are having a garage sale today until 1pm and tomorrow til 3 . Stop by , browse , buy , chat . Or get random treasures from the free box :] in Lakewood by steilacoom park ! 
It was really nice to see everyone today . Sad the way we were brought together but it was great to catch up w people I haven't talked to in years . 
Last day of this garage sale . Prayin today goes as well as yesterday . Just want this stuff gone- dont want to pack it up again :) have a wonderful day everyone 
Sometimes the best things in life , are the one we take for granted . Enjoy life , appreciate everything , tell the ones you love how you feel , take chances . 
Going on my evening stroll . Hmm it's a wee bit nippy . 
so my niece is sitting on my lap and looking at my pic on facebook and says , ' aunty , you look so pretty ... \ awww what a good niece i have .. " 
Do I have to go back home to Hawaii ? 
RQ : if I could escape and recreate a place that's my own world ... 
rq : now you say you want me .. make up your mind cause i'm not gonna be here for long ...... \ 
i really didn't know the name of this song was twisted 
rq : i'm feeling like a < PROPFEMALE > , you can't stop my shine ... finally doing me and it feels so right ...... 
Having dinner w the sister and Aunty < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm starting w the man in the mirror . I'm asking him to change his ways . 
Alrighty then people . The time has come to say so long to Washington and ' sup to Hawaii . Ugh . It was great seeing old friends and family . Sorry if we didn't get to catch up or say farewell . But see y'all again in a few months ! Me ke aloha :) 
Back home to Hawaii . Fun times :) 
Forgot how hot it is in Hawaii . Not a fan . 
Oh nay . Watching the husband w cheer practice . 
8675309 
uncle palors kitten is funny ... after play time biting and wrestling with my hand and arm he went to sleep on my neck .. then fell off catching himself with his claws in my neck .... he's a funny one 
Rq : remember the time when we had nothing and all we had to share was one bag of noodles . We were just fine the way we were . Ain't nothin in the world could ever elude us . Now I see the stress in your eyes and it hurts my heart to see my baby cry . Makin you happy is my < PROPFEMALE > and all I want is for you to be fine ..... 
Today is the 4th anniversary that my mom lost her battle to cancer . \ 
I will always love you til forever comes ... Until we meet again . Until then , goodbye . 
it's on :) 
Cause I'm the bomb like tick tick . 
Tell me why I don't remember last night at all 
The sound of the ocean soothes my restless soul . 
I don't think u know how much u really love something until u have to give it up- one tree hill 
rq : you got his heart and my heart with none of the pain ... what am i gonna do when the best part of me was always you ...... 
Should I give up or should I just keep chasing pavement ? 
rq : you called my strong , you called me weak but still your secrets i will keep . you took for granted all the times i never let you down ... 
cosmo is busy grooming .. then he moved on to my arm .. followed by nap time on it .. so i'm thinking he thinks i'm dirty and won't lay on me til he ' cleans ' me ... 
rq : There’s a time for love and a time for living .. you take a < PROPMALE > and face the wind . 
Why is it when u add something to a meal it costs more money but when u get something ' without___' u don't get money back ? Just saying . 
rq : cats away well the mice will play .. lol smiley face have a nice day .. 
wish cosmo would go nighty night ... hes irking right now busy being a crazy kitten ... 
Sitting in the lexas today to start it and get some air . I might hate it for various reasons but when it starts up and makes the ' my mufflers are oversized and make too much noise ' sound and the bass makes u literally feel the music ... I miss driving it . 
Ever feel as though no matter what you do it's never good enough ? Yeah basically . 
An I was like ... Sometimes when I'm sad I cut myself ... Another piece of cheesecake . Lmao 
RQ : Tell them all I know now . Shout it from the roof tops . Write it on the skyline . All we had is gone now . Tell them I was happy ... 
Going to the beach looking like a hot mess . 
So there was a father and daughter at the beach that for a split second made me want kids . Then I laughed . 
I would do anything for love but I won't do that . \ 
1- WTF won't u do if you'd do anything . \ 
2- kinda stupid ah ? 
cosmo likes gogurt ... this cat is not normal 
i was watching the holiday for like the 100th time last night and realized i'm like < PROPFEMALE > .. fml ... lol 
New bad girls club . 
' All I saw when I looked up was dollar bills . I felt so at home . ' \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > 
four hours sleep and am now tweaking on farmville ... wth ??? top of the morning to ya .. 
rq : i'm here for the party and i ain't leavin til they throw me out ..... 
Crown < PROPMALE > taste like cockroach . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > . 
And so it begins ... 
You can lead a horse to water but a pencil must be led . 
Why is it always hot as hell in Waipahu ? 
Another day another green bottle . Ugh and then food consumption must take place and there goes the buzz . Then I hear amusing songs like riding solo . oh hot damn that's my jam ! Lmao . No wait I guess it's not . I'm never ridin solo . Got my home girls standing to my left and my right . True blue and tight like glue . I'm just living single ! Lmao ! Goodnight y'all! 
Silence ... I kill you . 
rq : i'm done with this feeling like an idot . loving you , i'm over it ... 
Boots with the fur ... 
So ppl will leave their car windows open small kine on hot days in the mainland . Its hot all damn year here and ppl don't do dat kine stuff . just makes it easier for crazies to < PROPFIRST > it . Try steal my shit , I will snatch a bitch . 
Rq : falling for betrayal is worse .... 
Swinging on swings in the dark while security plays gymnastics . Oh nay . 
Midnight bowling . What's really going on ? 
All the cups in this house stay hiding . So I'm using a bowl to drink my water . Feel like one dog . Lol 
I fuckin LOVE < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > so much Cuz they're like so fucking Beautiful and Awesome !!!! they're like my IDOLs ... i wish i could be like them ........ 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my Ex-SON !!! 
I love you guys so much ........... 
PATRON TEQUILLA drunk off < PROPFEMALE > .. EVERYBODY shots shots shots shots ... and come to AIEA hts . bitches cuz we goin get fuck up tonite and if you're lucky you might even see my naked Body 
I'm soooooo horny right now''! Lookin for a good time 
thank you mariposa for writing any kine as my status .. that's great .. lol .. sky is falling down ... lmao .. 
this is now hannah/sierra kaleikilo updating you on her facebook .. anything previous can't be taken to the heart because it wasn't me .. k thanks ... lol 
Chillaxxxxxin at bellow beach wid da fam !!!!! I love my awesome life ! Jealous much ?! 
Rq got a couple bottles but a couple ain't enough . Bottoms up bottoms up ! 
time to move out of mililani and to ypahu ... ugh .. 
i'm half naked it's so hot ... whats the point of a fan ? 
And so I'm about to go mililani and move shit . Not a fan . This is my workout for the day . 
Toot it and boot it . This song really is stupid but yet it's been stuck in my head all day . 
I hate moving . Especially when it's from a condo w 2 bedrooms living rm dining rm to a bedroom . Who wants furniture . 
Day two complete . I would love a full body massage . Think I'll get one when I'm all done . And a pedi because my feet are looking nast . 
Thanks for the joy that you've given me . 
Another day at ala moana . Another happy hour spent at < PROPFEMALE > tais . 
Beer is like liquid bread . \ 
- random guy next to me . 
Cleaning day in mililani and let's just say I'd rather b getting my side tattooed again . \ 
My luggage rusted shut and since I took my knives already , I had to mcgyver it w a broken plate . Maybe that's not mcgyver bc he always had his Swiss army knife . Fail ... 
Time for the beach . Ko'olina to watch the hubby practice . 
Ala moana . Sibling has to buy touristy things before she leaves sat . :( 
so i discovered this morning that i managed to get a sports bra tan line ... burn line just from running back and forth from the apt to the truck yesterday ... so irks .. 
Going kahuku for shrimp with the fam bam ... 
:) 
Maybe I'll go w my sister back home . Tickets r cheap . 
Annnnnndddd < PROPFEMALE > is singing shaggy- ' it wasn't me ' karaoke . U better work ! Lol 
I wish the sister didn't have to go home so soon . ;( I'm kinda sad now 
Now u say u want me . make up ur mind cause I'm not gonna b here for long . 
It's never too early and it's never too late . -cyryna 
RQ : god help u if u r an ugly girl . Course too pretty is also ur doom cuz everyone harbors a secret hatred for the prettiest girl in the room . 
So this is what I hear from the Samoan bouncer . ' you're a down ass chick ' followed by a head tilt and a ' you got a fat ass!' ... If I had a dollar ... Lmao 
its so hot .. dislike .. dislike .. dislike ... i forgot i owned scrubs .. why ? no one knows but i'm wearing my wsu ones ... hahaha .. ha 
happy as a clam .. i don't think i'd be happy as a clam .. clams get eaten .. 
so it's final , i'm selling the lexus ... i'll miss it and all the perks .. but i'm tired of taking care of a ' luxury ' vehicle .. lol ... i'm tired of the leather and lace ... i want something i can play in and not have to worry i'm gonna scratch it or bottom out .. ugh .. suv , truck , or jeep ... then i'll be happy as a toxin filled clam ... lmao 
aw the dark knight .... want to see a magic trick ... i can make this pencil disappear ... lol 
y don't we go out anymore ? oh right because underage , no < PROPFEMALE > , work , significant other .... blah ... 
I discovered at the gym old woman talk about their hubbies and fam . Old men do talk about the weather and how much things have changed . Lol 
What u gonna do with all that ass . All that ass inside them jeans ?.. What u gonna do w all that junk . All that junk inside that trunk ? 
Dis piercing is irking . It's awkward and hard to get used to . Like when I got my tongue pierced . 
' i'm sleep . I been sleep . Shut the f up when brandis sleep'\ 
- < PROPFEMALE > bad girls club\ 
Yeah whatever that means . Lol 
Time to munch . Annnnnndddd rehydrate . Cactus is dry . Oh and I have to do some cleaning . So over it . 
And my energy level just went down the drain . Fuuuuccckk . Tab $130 . Plus $10 tip . Plus $40 cover . Oh it hurts . This kids is why we don't go out party and drink all night . Lol . 
What u think this is burger < PROPMALE > ? U can't have it way . 
Posted up at Aunty bebots house . Munching on Filipino food . I'm pretty sure I'm becoming Filipino . 
Why do I always turn away things I want when I can have it . But later mope around because I passed up the opportunity . Kinda stupid . 
I miss my mommy . And it's killing me softly today . 
I'm beginning to think everyone is on to something when they call me bagtit ... crazy ... I think it might be an understatement though . Lmao . 
about to go run .. i feel the fat accumulating ... lol .. 
Watching bad < PROPFEMALE > . Lmao 
Ok so now that I told the important ppl here . I'm leaving Hawaii oct 14th . Don't miss me too much . 
RQ : she's there thick and thin . She's there rain or fall . She's there whether I lose or win . Whether I rise or fall .... Well duh bc I'm the shit . Lol 
Evening stroll w the girls . Ready for someone to draw me my bath . Drink a lovely cup of tea in my chair . Then sleepy time ! 
trying for teach dis kid how to write her name . Apo I need a drink . Lol 
< PROPFEMALE > día a la vez 
What's going on with this game ? 
So this chick in target chases me ' down . Literally . To ask can I look at ur tattoo . I of course don't turn down fans . 10 dollars . Lol 
Yard work in the rain . Love it . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > erra needs some new heels . I'm thinking red . Hmmm ? If only I wore a \normal\ " shoe size . Blah . " 
So I just walked through Costco eating samples . Dinner check . Lol 
Happy birthday to a great ( old ) guy ! lol :) 
Yesterday while doing yard work I ran my own foot over w the trash bin digging my toe ring into my toe . Oh yes ! Bandaids don't go well w a French tip and heels . Blah ! 
Ugh my body hurts . And my back is getting worse . 
So my back hurts when I stand . I had ice cream for breakfast . Lol . And now I'm playing cards . Wth . 
Can someone please explain to me why I was asked if I had a significant other ? Y'all need to get ur shit straight . < PROPFEMALE > erra is single . Ridin solo . And no , I'm not taking applications . Kthanks . :) 
Can I mud wrestle ? Is that filtered dirt because little pieces of gravel on my skin doesn't seem pleasant . Jello just seems sticky and I'm not a fan of sticky or jello . But the bottoms r gonna b like booty shorts cuz I no like my bootay hangin out . Lmao 
RQ : It's 403 and I can't sleep without you next to me I toss and turn like the sea . 
I have a headache . It's 4am . I'm tired yet can't sleep . Blah . 
Just saw my future husband . He doesn't know it bc we only met once . Lol 
tattoos are hot . I'm not the biggest fan of ones on the face but to each their own . I like being able to feel them though that usually means the skin was overworked . And I always love compliments on them . Lol 
Time to go out and be a crazy bitch . 
So a shout out to my gay husband and also to all of my gay boys . I love you bitches . Thank you for filling my life with joy and entertainment . 
\Sure sure im so like um sure ...... what were we talking about oh my god i just swallowed my altoid\ " \ 
RQ : Girl , When are you gonna realize when you needed answers all you had to do was take a look in my eyes . 
< PROPFEMALE > ( my favorite niece ) said she wants to be like me because she loves the \stuff\ " on my legs ' it's so pretty i want to b like aunty '" 
RQ : I never should have walked away after all the things we've been through . 
I bought a pack of okesmay today . If u know me u know I only buy a pack when I'm irked or stressed . Today it was one of those I leave in 3 weeks IDGAF anymore . my decisions are much easier ... Maybe I'm thinking clearer now that I drink only on the weekends . Lmao . Can I get a jersey fist pump ?!? 
Taking miss < PROPFEMALE > on a walk 
Aww stupid boy . I miss you . Can you come back ?!? Not like we are FB friends for you to see this . 
Hawhat !?! It's almost 1am . Gots to be sleeping yeah ?!? Have to wake up in 4 hours . What's the point in going to sleep ? Night y'all! 
In the cafeteria w < PROPFEMALE > . I don't even remember the last time I was in a cafeteria . Lol 
RQ : now people screaming what's the deal w u and so and so I tell em niggas mind their business but they don't hear me though . Cause I live my life to the limit and I love it . Now I can breathe again . Baby , now I can breathe again . 
I tried running w this puppy dog . Yeah it lasted like 5 mins before she sat and was like nay nay . That's what happens w a dog that's not even a foot off the ground . Ugh I need a real dog . 
This waking up early thing makes being a night owl difficult . Lol . 
Two more Hawaii warrior clothing items and the whole fam bam matches . Lol . All started w a cheerleading outfit for the niece . 
Lovely evening . Thanks to everyone who put up w my drunk ass . Happy birthday to my boo Leighla Kalahiki . Love you lots booboo . 
Kbay is fuckin hot . I'm not trying to have a tank top tan . 
Oh nay . I have double tan . Bathing suit and tank top tan . Tomorrow I'm going naked . Damn it 
RQ : the spell has been broken . I loved you so . Freedom comes when you learn to let got . Creation comes when you learn to say no . There's no greater power than the power of goodbye . 
Kbay air show w the fam bam bitches . Don't be j . Lmao 
I'm sitting in traffic that's not moving but I'm quite content today ! 
Ugh choosing to go run instead of going aunties house and stuff my face . Love it ! 
Home . Showered the days filth away . But tell me why my dog is barking her ass off and when I go outside to tell her shut up , she's sitting there staring out at nothing , cowering , whimpering , and barking . 
RQ : i'm chuckin my deuces up ... so i flip that middle finger and the index finger follow ... 
Watching the grudge 2 . Is it suppose to be funny ? 
Morning people . Using the express < PROPFIRST > today . Does a carseat count as a third person ? No time for traffic when only get 30 mins to get to palolo . Lol 
I'm look like a hot mess right now . But only going to drop off a child at school and < PROPMALE > Q . Who really needs to look good for those places . Lmao . 
RQ : we freakin ' this ain't cheatin as long as we tell nobody .... So I creep ... Lmao 
Zoo ala moana and da beach . Lovely day . 
Is it the weekend yet ? I want a beer . Ugh ... Bad girls club tonight . Nay . But I have to go pick up mommy Palor . Oh well . 
Is you serious ?!? Lmao 
RQ : And baby when I know you're only sorry you got caught .... 
Sleep time . Night night y'all . 
hello facebook ... now that i've been up for a few hours .. and it's starting to get hot , i feel this urge to clean my room ... which in about an hour will be a sauna ... no need go gym .. if only i could be tanning at the same time .... lol 
The butch < PROPFEMALE > doing jolly rancer samples threw it at me . When I said I no like dat one she gave me attitude and threw the other one at me . Oh hell give me high blood . 
Ugh I should be a taxi driver . Lol . But then I have to deal w dumb people that don't know where they are going . Ugh . No time . 
It's kinda damp outside . Glad I did my half ass run already today . Lol 
Had a stupendous day ! Lol :) 
RQ : I wish I could still call you a friend ... I'll keep you locked in my head until we meet again ... 
So I was eating sky flakes bc they're the shit and apparently these birds can read bc they all came flapping over lookin ridiculous w their messed up tail feathers . So i shared . And one was a greedy bitch and took it out of my hand . 
Happy October 1st . Breast cancer awareness month- save the ta-tas !! Miss you mommy . 
Qt w Leighla in dis fricken rain and traffic . Blah 
Ooooo fuckin rah is all I gotta say ! 
So while they play fishermen I'm taking a walk bc I feel fat . Lol . 
RQ : I know I'm gonna have to eventually give you away . 
i love my life ... 
Ukininam here goes da night w mr < PROPFIRST > Daniels . Fml . 
Rq : toot it and boot it ... Story of my life . But the dj got us fallin in love again . Lmfao 
dear < PROPFIRST > daniels , \ 
i hate you . \ 
sincerely , me 
RQ : automatic supersonic hypnotic funky fresh . 
RQ : I tried to get my usher on but I can't let it burn . 
Oh gosh . Dis bitch ... you FUCKIN up . 
Rq : just don't know what to do with myself . So used to doing everything for you . 
Y is this Russian song stuck in my head ?!? 
Rq : The shoes on my feet .. I bought it .. The clothes I'm wearing .. I bought it .. The rock I'm rockin ' .. I bought it .. ' Cause I depend on me .. If I wanted the watch you're wearin ' .. I'd buy it ... \ 
Only ring your cell-y when I'm feelin lonely\ 
When it's all over please get up and leave .... Lol 
This dog is so spoiled . She's picky , only likes certain food . Doesn't like cow . Likes chicken . But u can't just throw out a chunk . U have to sit there and break it into little nibbly bits and feed it to her . OH NAY ! 
WTF . I'm eating burger < PROPMALE > and I hate greasy fast food . I'm gonna need to get off my ass and take the pooch for a walk . 
Tell me why when I put my water or tea in the fridge it always disappears . If it's like family size , whatever . but already opened waiting for me to come back , really ? 
I just realized I leave next week . Oh nay . 
Paranormal activity is so dumb . 
Traffic is so amazingly awesome . Blah not . :) 
Oh boys in uniform , how I love thee ... Unless you're arresting me then I hate you . Lol 
\a real bad girl throws bleach\ " lmfao " 
Going fishing . Well they're going fishing . I'm just going just because . 
RQ : you were adopted , your parents don't even love you .... Hahahahaha love < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Hmm breakfast of champions- chicken < PROPMALE > and a white peach . Lmao . Who does that . 
My sister and I are looking at Halloween costumes . She says to me I can be the pimp an you can be the ho . Oh dis bitch . 
Y is Waipahu so hot all the time . Ugh . 
At the movie w the husbands . 
These drs at Pali momi are pissing me off . And this med student is about two questions away from me knocking her out . 
Ahahahahahahaha bitch , I got you . 
Booboo still in the hospital . I have hunger but feel bad eating since she can't . Ho nay , big girl has got to eat . Lmao 
Walking around the hospital after my little nap . Trynna see what kind of trouble I can get in to . Lol 
I found tea ! 
A real bad girl plans her attack carefully . Then resorts to bleach . Lol 
Goin home tonight . Sorry u can't go home too < PROPFEMALE > . Gotta refresh and recharge my battery . Lots of love . Deuces pali momi . 
Good morning people . How's life ? It's kind of nippy right now which is alright . I'd like some tea . 
Oh doctor doctor I am sick please come n plug me very quick ! Bring all ur staffs cuz derz room for everyone !! N we can have a sexxxxx party all nite long !! I'm super duper horny !!! Ooooh on wheel chairs I luv it o yes ahhhhh I luv it ..... o doctor I need ur medicine in my mouth to cure my sickness yes all of it .... 
Morning ppl . I don't feel good . But I'll lie and say I do bc I can't take care of business like this . Well actually I could since I'm the S-H-I-T 
I love grandma Supnet . You're the greatest ! 
No more Pali momi ! Bye < PROPFIRST > ! 
< PROPFIRST > lambert is so pretty 
Rq : all my life I've tried to make everyone happy while I just hurt and hide ... 
\its not about who's real to your face 
rq : gonna hold on easy as i let you go .. gonna tell you how much i love you though you think you already know ... 
Tell me why the women of Hawaii calendar has better looking ppl than the men of Hawaii which looks like a bunch of tanned white boys . 
I Want a guy who's hot , smells good , well dressed , funny and loves shopping . But I know that wont ever happen , because guys like that already have BOYFRIENDS ! \ 
HAHAHA .. lmao because it's true .... lol 
Fuck . My foot hurts from kicking dumb peoples ass . Now can't walk . Must find ice pack . 
kahuku bound for some shrimpy time w the husbands and rest of the fam bam . 
Funny story . I leave tomorrow and haven't even thought about packing . Oops . Lol guess that's what I'll b doing tomorrow . Shoot 
Have this urge to watch jackass 3d . 
Goodbye 808 . I'm feelin like I won't miss you . The people sure yeah . But you , Oahu , Hawaii . Nay nay . See you in a few weeks . 
Two•five•three 
So it's like 50 degrees and the sib and me thought hey let's walk the golf course to the new bridge to the water . Yay !!! And oh let's do it in boots and heels . Ukininam . Lol 
Bought a new pair of boots { no fur } and I'm not sure how I feel about them now . 
Reading bedtime stories to the niece and I'm the one falling asleep . Hmm . Night y'all . 
Aunty is babysitting while mommy and daddy go on a date . I asked < PROPFEMALE > what < PROPFEMALE > likes to drink she's says poison ... I can feel the love . 
This house creeps me out at night w all it's windows and doors . So I make shady come everywhere w me ... 
Made paper pumpkins w the kids . They ate dessert . Made more pumpkins . 3 kids in the tub splashing around . Now where r mommy and daddy ?!??? 
Going to the pumpkin patch w the WHOLE family . This should b interesting . 
Just breathe 
Y am I watching Hawaii 5-0 . What's really going on 
the shady dog is a tweaker .. she used to be able to walk in the dog par and socialize .. but nooooo ... a small dog came by me and she pin it to the ground like it was a threat ... that was the end of the dog park for her ... 
Anyone go to kubes haunted house this year ? Haven't been in a few years . It was all good except for the damn clown at the end which freaked me the hell out . And I don't have a fear of clowns . Lol 
I saw a nice side to bg today . He took care of the kids when he got home . Made dinner for them . Even me . What's really going on ? 
My body hurts . Idk why . I have this urge to go for a walk . But this is Lakewood . And I'm not trying to get attacked my some creepster that escaped the crazy hospital down the road . No thanks , not today . 
RQ : winter must be cold for those with no warm memories .. 
Dear headache , \ 
It's 230 in the am , hawhat !? U irk me . Please go away . Kthanks !! 
I love < PROPFIRST > lambert . 
Purple status 
Rq : tell the devil I said ' hey ' when you get back to where you're from . 
I just bought a pair of slippers for 29 cents from old navy . Lol 
Posted at the kube haunted house . At Georgetown morgue . Hmm ??? 
rq : you said you loved me , you're a liar cause you never ever ever did baby . but darling , id still catch a grenade for you ..... 
I find great humor in the fact that while I was checking my makeup and brushing my teeth , I choked on toothpaste causing my lip piercing to get caught in my teeth almost pulling it out . Blah . 
' Diamonds render her speechless . ' Why don't they just say it : ' diamonds ... That'll shut her up ... For a minute!' 
Oh the goonies ! 
halloween in one week .... wtf .. im missing a piece to my costume .. shit ... 
Oh date night ! 
i need to bling my gun ... lol 
Imma knock a dumb bitch out . I wish you would say something . 
Top of the morning to all you glorious people ! 
rq : rock n rollin ' .. get a room .. trash it up .. til its ten in the morning .. girls in stripper heels , boys rollin ' in maseratis ... 
i hear there is suppose to be snow .. as much as i love the white fluffy cold stuff , i also dont want my flight to be delayed or to be stuck here because of it .. but knowing that this is the west side of washington it wouldnt stick so never mind .. 
seattle bound today ... what to do what to do though ... hmm ??? 
Tacos for din din . 
< PROPFEMALE > manson .. so random but im listening to him .. 
rq : i want to be your lover ... i want to wrap you in rubber .. as pink as the sheets that we lay on .. cause pink is my favorite crayon ... yeah pink , its like red but not quite ....... lol 
why over 2 years later am i still hearing from my lawyer ... ugh ... 
rq : i find a map and draw a straight line .. over rivers , farms , and state lines .. the distance from A to where you'd be .. its only finger lengths that i see .. 
Carving a pumpkin while dying my hair in a sports bra and boots . Hmm ? Sometimes I question myself . 
Rq : if I had you , that would be the only thing i ever need . If I had you , then money , fame , and fortune never could compete . If I had you , life would be a party ... 
Sleep . Have to wakey wakey at 430 to catch a flight at 8 . This is the blah part of traveling . Yuck . Night people . 
seatac ! oh the joy of waiting at the airport ... only like an hour before i board ... then another 6 hours til i land .. followed by puttering around waiting for baggage .. bittersweet joys of traveling ... peace out 253 .. i'll miss you but see you in a few months .. :) 
Gotta love/hate relationship w hot ass Hawaii . 
You're everything I want . But you kinda irk me with your I'm the big bad wolf but I have a soft side . No . < PROPMALE > bears can't be GI Joes . Lmao . 
Dear Waipahu , thanks for being on the cooler side today . \ 
Love , me 
Went to see the movie saw . That was stupid . 
rq : i saw a picture of you hangin in an empty hallway ... it took me back to the end of everything ... every where that i go .. i see another memory .. and all the places we used to know there always there to haunt me ... 
must be mcdonalds because i'm lovin it !!!!! :) 
Waikiki ! Hotel , motel , holiday inn ! Actually just hotel :) pool time over . Now time to get down to business and get ready ! 
First time ever I've been at zanazabar sober . Lol . managed to get ten dollars just because . And jojo shakin her ass all up on me . What's new . Lol love you :) 
Tell me why some guy asked me if my tattoos are real ? WTF 
RQ : it's time to make up my mind .. and i cant really tell you what im gonna do .. there are so many thoughts in my head .. there are 2 roads to walk down and one road to choose ... oh god show me a sign . 
why have i been hit on by puraws recently .. what's really going on ?? 
You finally left my life , thank you . Now keep my name out you're fucking mouth . Or since u two faced- mouths .... BLOW ME . 
Y am I still up at 4am ? Oh right because sleep hates me ... Lmao . Fml 
its friday ! i would love a < PROPFEMALE > appltini ... :) but right now i would love sleep ... please and thank you 
Omgsh . 2 hours of sleep . What is dis ? Hmmm . What to do what to do . 
Watching ' for colored girls ' ........... 
I didn't know my phone had an off button . I'm making use of it while I watch my movie bc im never without this piece of crap phone . Kbye ! 
For colored girls was good . Due date was alright . 
Ahh finally getting that appletini . 
I love gay boys . They make me happy :) 
Here's to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Edrada ! We all gonna get fucked up tonight . 
Booze cruise check . Hotel room w crazy people , planny food and drinks .. Check . Lml 
Love my life but fml . Why is it so noisy in Waikiki . Lol . 
Fishing again :) maybe I'll catch the evil eel today ! 
RQ : My love is too complicated to be thrown back in my face . 
I'm gonna have a glass of wine because it's one of those days . I'd like to find one of my reds so I don't have to chill the white . Blah . 
i think side tattoos are sexy .... well , i think all tattoos are sexy but whatever ... it would have been a lovely place for one i've wanted for a long time but that space is kind of occupied ... lol 
when your heart gets broken you see the cracks in everything .... 
i miss how you smell .. and the sound of your heartbeat when i rest my head on your chest .. and i miss how you tell me you love me at the most random times ... ugh i miss you ...... 
RQ : eyes blurred sayin ' goodbye at the cemetary .. though memories fade .. i got your name tatted on my arm so we both ball til my dyin ' days .. 
And I love bubba gumps bartender . Had four mixed drinks . Charged me for two at $1 each . Lol . Tip for you ! :) 
This isn't how I wanted to say it but everyones got there reasons for why they can't talk to crazy < PROPFEMALE > so here it is so y'all don't have to worry about fitting me into your busy schedules ... I'm moving back home to Washington . 
i was sitting here wondering how it became so late then realized oh right i went to sleep at 8 .. and woke up at 1130 .. blah .. oh nay ! 
... this has been an experiment to see how selfish i could be .. so save your sorrys .. i don't need anymore of those ... kthanks ! 
Nevah trust a ho . Lol smiley face . 
K nighty night y'all . 
i love christmas and all but i have to stay away from christmasy stuff for the next few weeks or by the time it's actually christmas i'm gonna be over it .. 
and i want to watch macgyver right now ... random .... 
rq : ass gorgeous , lips insane ... hips like boom and an ass like bang 
it must be fast food day cuz i had it my way and I'm lovin ' it ! this made my day ... probably my week ....... and no i'm not talking about knockin boots .. thank you .. lmao ! 
God has a sense of humor bc I just washed the car today and it's now raining . 
To those of you there whenever I need anything , thank you ! To those that put up with all my craziness , thank you ! To those that only take and never give , thank you , you've given me < PROPFEMALE > ! And to those that like to talk talk talk about me , thank you for keeping my name alive ! \ 
7 weeks left in 2010 , make them count ! Have a lovely week y'all! 
so apparently the power went out in washington .. and my niece says she doesn't like the dark or the wind and wants to come live with me ... 
the family stone to the notebook .... 
today , at this current moment , I am oh so thankful for my room being CLEAN with NO dirty laundry hanging around ... DONE ! :) now what to do ? 
Why r ignorant people still breeding ? Imma punch a haole boy in his throat and kick a douche lord in his boto ... You FUCKIN ' up ... Y'all workin my nerves and raising my blood pressure . It's all good I'm gonna pray for you tonight . :) 
Spent too much money today . Thanks hubby for my spending money ... Lmao ... k now buy me < PROPFIRST > Kardashians new perfume w the bag . Thanks ;) 
i love that my phone is being an obnoxious ho bag right now .. is it time to upgrade ??? 
Love the rain but so loud .. Tais < PROPFEMALE > rain .. 
iphone4 owners- do you like your phone ?? is it time for an upgrade or just a new phone company because my phone is being a little hostile .. 
finally going out tonight !! 
What am I suppose to do with all my good ideas ? Put them in the tub and wash with them .. Cause that's what soup is for < PROPFEMALE > . 
this guy asked me today , ' do you date black guys ? ' i find that really funny .. the first question should have been ' do you date ? ' ..... 
So there's a mouse in the house and he frequented my room today because this morning I ate crackers leaving crumbs . He's a little vacuum . I found myself talking to him and said as long as he doesn't gnaw into my food container or touch me , I'll leave him alone ... 
The feet be killin me . Being a broke ass this week kept me sober at the club . Which if you know the drunken < PROPFEMALE > , is a good thing :) lmao . Night/morning y'all . I need my beauty sleep . 
Aw yeah , 4 hours sleep and now going to see < PROPMALE > potter looking a hot mess . Hawhat ?!? 
i love my kat < PROPMALE > d blue mascara ... it's lovely ......... and thanks to the lights in zbar last night i managed to burn my shoulder ... which is actually funny to me because ... WHO DOES THAT .... LMBO .... :D 
Waiting in the Benz digging around trying to find my Mexican rap cd I found an old cd . the going clubbing , midnight drives , and when I still owned the Lexus CD . Oh this is classic . Lmao 
Se qué quieres tu y qué vas hacer .. También yo no quiero hacerte esperar otro vez ..... 
So irks .. If I wanted you , mr. I'm so fly , I would have made it known hunnay ! What you want with me anyway ?!? I'm not normal . Lmao . 
rq : she ain't into wine and roses .. beer just makes her turn up her nose .. she can't stand the thought of sipping champagne .. no cuervo gold margaritas .. just ain't enough good burn in < PROPFEMALE > .. she needs something with a little more edge and a little more pain .. she's my little whiskey girl .... 
RQ : I wish I could go back to the very first day I saw you .. Should’ve made my move when you looked in my eyes ... \ 
This is dedicated to mariposa . Haha 
Alright , all you back home in Wa . Y'all making me sick talking about all the snow you're enjoying or even not enjoying . Ugh make me jealous here in hot ass Hawaii . Like trade places ? 
Aw hell naw . My damn < PROPMALE > maddens broke . Ain't dis some bullshiiit 
I'm loving this black and mild right now . 
The best advice I never took : always look out for number 1 
' they're so big and squishy that they makes great body pillows . ' \ 
Lmao . People amuse me . 
rq : disgusted with trust , i trust no one no more ... no one to argue with cause i'm not home .. don't care who you're with , don't call my phone .. or did you forget you know you're wrong .. i'm gone and you're all alone hearing your own damn < PROPFEMALE > .. 
Going to see Burlesque . How did this happen ? 
Every opportunity has it's shelf life . 
i thankful for .. the lovely turkey for giving up his life to be enjoyed . piggly wiggly for being so tasty , my beautiful sister , my friends , < PROPFEMALE > supnnnet for inviting us into her home . =] luv u boo . but most importantly thank you to the great Lord above for which none of this would be possible without Him .... as my uncle the priest would say- rub a dub dub thanks for the grub yay God ! Lets eat ! 
Rq : I party like a rock < PROPFEMALE > . Look like a movie < PROPFEMALE > . Play like an all < PROPFEMALE > . Fuck like a porn < PROPFEMALE > ...... Sometimes . Lol 
to all the black friday shoppers .. more power to you . have fun , be safe , think of me .. lol .. just looking at the line wrappin around the store and blocks at midnight for stores that don't open til 6am .. oh no .. not this year ... no thanks ... 
How did I end up going black Friday shopping 
Stay posted at the dr waiting for days then back to shopping . I'd rather get a pedicure . 
Shopping black Friday done ... And what did I buy ? A drink w miss Kalahiki . Oh nay . Now I'm munching on miss supnets home cookin ... 
do people not read anymore ? if i tell you what i did on black friday and two seconds later you reply with oh busy huh ... blah blah blah ... did you go shopping on black friday .. stupido you gone work my nerves .. you don't know how for read ? ukininam bakla .... have a nice day :) 
to my haters , \ 
thank you for all of the love you have shown me , you are my biggest fans ! \ 
by the way , does my name taste good in your mouth ? \ 
hugs and smooches , me ;) 
my neighbors let their dogs out to run in the streets then started yelling at them to come back .. only to let one back in and the other to walk around like wtf ? then for my dog to bark her ass off and get all in a huff because of this dog in her territory .. i went outside like WHO'S DOG IS THIS AND WHY IS IT IN MY YARD .. DASH ! owner looking at me like omg she's crazy ... duh apparently 
uncles got the christmas music going .. its making me happy .. 3 ish more weeks and i'll be in cold washington ... i'm actually quite excited ... not to be in washington just to be in cold weather .. oh and my sister !!! 
Tell me how my man is out on the town without me . Lol 
Just got home . Spending some QT with these crazy bitches . Lol . I personally apologize for any of my or ANYONES texts , facebook comments , or PHONE calls . Lmao . K nighty night y'all . 
Been tired all day and now that I'm in bed , I can't sleep . 
I hate my phone . Anyone like buy me a new one . 
Aw yeah , trynna drink my stress away .. F dis ain't working . Fuck my life . Night y'all . 
Rq : When I get the strength to leave , you always tell me that you need me . And I'm weak cause i believe you . And I'm mad bc I love you . So I stop and think that maybe you could learn to appreciate me . Then it all remains the same that you ain't never gonna change .... Though my heart can't take no more I keep on running back to you 
Omg dis bitch is irrifuckintating . Stop being a pussy bitch . Ahhh . 
laundry and cleaning are done ... oh yes ! now i need a beach so i can tan because mama is puraw ... and fat looks better tan ... lmao 
Spam rice and salmon for breakfast . Who does that ? 
last first friday of the year people !! and last one i'll be in hawaii for for a while .. 
its a < PROPMALE > white night ... 
so i'm the person that uses their hand as a cutting board and now needs superglue ... bandaids suck .. 
I feel like shit right now . Not sick , just in pain . Ahhh . And my right side as usual is malfunctioning and shaking . where are my fucking pills ??? FML 
So can't find pain killers so the next best thing ... Alcohol ... 
Dear sick people , please keep your cold germies away from me , thank you ! \ 
Sincerely , me 
guton morgen ! happy 4th of December 2010 ! got to talk to SGT Friedlander yesterday .. good good .... thinking this tea tastes a wee bit funknasty .. hmmm .... also need to do some shopping before i just spend my money on a tattoo like normal .. 
i need to go to church .. my mind is corrupt .... if my only way of not saying bad things while children are present is to be quiet .. that's a problem .. lmao .. 
Hawaii --- You have 10 more days with me then I'm out .. leave the 15th ... Deuces :) \ 
which means Washington --- you have 11 more days to prepare for me .. 
i'm really fuckin irritated and have this urge to slap a ho .. AHHHHHHH ... whoosa 
if you or someone else , i really don't care who , like cheesecake factory and want a free meal , let me know because i just don't want to look like a fat cow eating it by myself .. not like i really care because i'd do it anyway .. but real talk ... just food .. don't expect something else from me .. i'm just being nice and offering free fuckin food .. oh but offer expires in 5 days =) have a nice day 
walking < PROPFEMALE > today out came this dog .. she's looking at me like ' bitch , pick me up why am i still down here with THIS ? ' i pick her up and continue walking .. little dog follows .. i turn around , he stops , looks around , and walks the other way .. i continue walking and little dog follows me again .. i turn around , he stops , i tell him shoo little dog , go home .. his owner came out and called him , off he trotted .. 
my accountant is so daft .. i should have gotten my check 2 weeks ago , but because he's slow , ignorant , puraw , old , i don't know , whatever , i still haven't gotten it .. he reminds me of my lawyer .. gets the job done but slow as fuck .. what am i paying these people for ?? 
i love < PROPFEMALE > deen ... 
my profile pic is for the sibling .. she brought it up the other day so for now i'm a dash girl ! this is awkward .... 
I didn't think it was possible for < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > to be any hotter . 
Every opportunity has a shelf life .... Love this . Was reminded of it when I watched a bit of Burlesque again today waiting for Faster to start . BOOM :) 
' i think your a cunt for participating in stupid facebook number games . ' -B . Rees\ 
That's fuckin hilarious 
Oh yes Pho ! 
a week from today i say deuces ! i go home to cold freeze your ass off washington .. might be good for me because i have a lot of it to spare .. see the sibling and those children that call me aunty .. and the crazy one i call kilikina .. i'm actually happy to be going home .. 
it's time for me to sleep ... my body is saying those 3 hours of sleep last night didn't do nuttin ' ... nighty night y'all!! HA 
Though you're in a better place , < PROPFIRST > and I want to say happy birthday , mommy ! We love you til forever comes ! 
i love the rain .. and i normally love the sound .. but its kinda making plenty noise and i'd like it to lower its volume .. 
i'm loving this weather .. 5 days y'all .. 
people of hawaii .. it's my last weekend here in hawaii before i leave .. going out tonight .. you like come , come ... you no like come .. kFINE , don't come ! 
annnndd it's nap time .. 
I love that when I asked my 3 yr old nephew how he was he said , I'm good , thanks ! Whereas my 4yr old niece is all quiet on the phone . 
rq : if everybody smoked a blunt , relieve the mind , the world could be a better place ..... \ 
i dont smoke the herbal refreshment but bone thugs n < PROPFEMALE > might just have a point .. 
Aw yeah straight 151 . :D 
im thinking the last time i did shots of 151 was my sr year .. and last night it just happened bc jojo told me i needed to be drunk .. i was indeed drunk ... but i do remember last night lol .. 
Last night I found great humor in the song ridin solo . I like being single . ' men just think for their < PROPMALE>' lmao . 
Rq : I love that you get cold when it's 71 degrees out . I love that you get a little crinkle above your nose when you're looking at me like I'm nuts . I love that after I spend the day with you , I can still smell your perfume on my clothes . And I love that you're the last person i want to talk to before I go to sleep at night . 
Today is a good day ! 
Beauty and the beast enchanted Christmas . How precious . 
Rq : with bullets and blue eyes and a white flag disguise . I'm tired of holding my breath for countless days now . What would you do if I told you our love was through ? 
Baby shower check . Thank you lord , I'm full . 
only a few more weeks left in 2010 ! may your week be blessed ... \ 
goodnight y'all:) 
old grungy biker guys with their crazy beards , leather , and old faded blurred tattoos amuse me .. 
My computer hates me . Boooo . I leave in a day annnnnnddd I have yet to pack for my long much needed vacation . There is always tomorrow . And if tomorrow doesn't come then it doesn't matter if I pack or not . Just sayin'! 
Hello ! Must pack today .. Leave tomorrow !! it's bittersweet for me but more on that later ! 
Why am I not just moving back home ? 
Be on your guard ; stand firm in the faith ; be men of courage ; be strong . Do everything in love . 1cor . 16:13 -14 
The rock and vin diesel in fast and furious 5 ... Oh yes . 
Rq : Its not that Im prudish but my mother told me never to enter a mans room in months ending in ' r ' 
A day wasted on flying and airport time . Oh how I love traveling but not the getting to and from ! 
When I was afraid of everything , I was never afraid to love you . 
It's 81 degrees out in Maui and I'm a < PROPMALE > cold . This is yuck yuck ! 
Finally leaving Maui . Which means I'm leaving the glorious state of Hawaii . Deuces . So long . Farewell . BUH bye ! PEACE . text me , call me , send a postcard . Love ya miss ya bye ! 
Remember how earlier today I was cold at 80something degrees . Yeah it's 34ish degrees right now . I like the crisp air but I'm bloody freezing . 
Last night we all slept in my sisters bed . This morning I'm watching the kids and < PROPFEMALE > wants to cry when mommy left . Uh no not w tired Aunty . Glad the words ' stop crying ' work on him . 
Cat owners will be the only ones to appreciate this . I was petting the cat thats scared of everyone and love that she started talking to the crows outside . Aw I miss my < PROPFEMALE > . 
Looks like < PROPFIRST > and coke are the beverage makers tonight . And I hate < PROPFIRST > D . Ugh . Oh well . 
Can someone please explain to me how I can load and shoot a gun better tipsy than I can sober . 
I woke up with the intention of folding my laundry but miss gata was all talk and purrs . between the dog and small loud children she never comes out . So I'm giving her some pets . 
It's a wee bit cold tonight . Extra blankets and the old lady , my 9 year old boxer puppy dog . The only living being I'll snuggle with . Nighty night y'all . 
Getting the nails did with the sibling , Kilikina , and Aunty < PROPFEMALE > ! 
watching happy feet .. my feet are kind of cold .. 
My niece and I were watching the tele and the ASPCA commercial came on . She says , ' i don't like this part ' as she started crying ... The same girl that said shady should go live on a farm because she scares the cat . Hmm 
I told < PROPFEMALE > I was turning the lights off and she said , ' yeah , you don't want to waste electricity . ' oh nay ! To top it off .. While i was cleaning I managed to sweep a mouse into my own foot , freaked me the hell out then ran off . Cat Is not doing her job . 
why are we so quick to forget the bad and romanticize the good ? 
rq : no weapon formed against me will prosper . and i truly believe my haters are my motivators ... fuck you gonna do when a bitch try to go hard ? 
Beauty and the beast w the children . I like him better as a beast . Furry is a much better look . Just like < PROPMALE > black . Furry werewolf 
good things come to those that wait .. not to those that wait too late .. if you don't love me , someone else will ... 
Rq : haters you can kill yourself ... \ 
I love < PROPFEMALE > minaj 
Hawhat ?!? This is what I hear from my 4 yr old niece to her mom , \mommy ... Mommy ... Mama ... Mama .... < PROPFEMALE > .... Teehahahahaha ! \"" 
Because my accountant is ignorant and didn't send my check out when he said he would , I have to try and cash it in wa where I no longer have a bank . What is this almost two months late . So fucking irking . 
Rq : don't hate me cause I'm beautiful ... 
rq : daddy turned his head just soon as i passed him .. girls think i'm conceded cause i know i'm attractive .. don't worry bout what i think , why don't you ask him .. get yourself together , don't hate .. jealousy the ugliest trait ..... 
Ain't dis some bullshit . Hawaii needs to start kicking some ass instead of dragging it . 
Dec 24 with the Oleole fam bam ! Hawaii .... You fuckin up !! 
\you're a cocky little shit ! \ " \ 
WTF is the damn score of the game . 
I've never gotten such random comments about my tattoos . ' i can't believe you got Buddha tattooed on you , that's too funny ' ... ' looking good all tatted up ' ... ' That's tight as fuck ' ... ' you went to Hawaii , got tatted up , came back and think you're all hard now , you're funny ?! ' 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas y'all! Just had dinner with the great grandparents . Their first year being away from home on Christmas in 62 years . Crazy . 
salute the troops .... thank you to all those that serve this country .. past , present , and future . 
While the sibling and children are at grandmas munching on leftovers and playing with their new toys , I'm cleaning and working on my sisters house . My present to myself . :) 
hours of cleaning done , now finally ' relaxing ' with a cup of tea after a hot shower .. found out i had a cut on my hand after pouring what i thought was water on it ..... turns out it was rubbing alcohol .. oooh fuckin rah ... but house is mostly clean ... another day and i'll be putting this ish on repeat because these kids are evil ... :D 
When did it become 5am and why am I still up .... Watching twilight zone w the dog . Curse you , insomnia , Curse you !! Lol Nighty night y'all . 
btw people of the world .... i don't have a phone so don't try talking to me on it !!! 
hawhat ... upgraded the gosh dang phone .. i got tired of the old 3g giving me issues .. paid the < PROPMALE > and hot guy came to answer my question and talk about tattoos .. then wham blam , new phone .. 
almost 4am .. whatswith this not sleeping thing ???? ugh .. nighty night 
Are you kidding ? Not only am I still awake but I'm watching modern marvels : rice . What the heck ????????????? 
Not only does my niece do stewie .. She just said ' MOM !!..... THE MEATLOAF!!' oh wow 
Let's see , I feel like shet . But I'm painting today . Yay ! And because my right side is jacked up an my hand shakes whenever it feels like it , it takes forever ! And in-between I'm patching a damn 6in hole in the wall . Blah ! 
rq : and oh what a revalation to see someone was saying i love you to me .. a one in a million < PROPMALE > of a lifetime .. and life showed compassion .. and sent to me a stroke of love called you .. a one in a million you ........ my madres favorite song .... 
Lord please give me < PROPFEMALE > today . I've gotten maybe 20 hours of sleep this last week . I have a cold which is killing me . Been working on this house all day every day this week . Well except Monday . And I get to watch these 3 kids all day who are working my last nerve . 
Ok children are playing in the room away from me . Good . My medication kicked in so I feel better . This is good . Thank you lord . 
I may not wanna get low so i post it up kinda like a playa do ... Basically . 
sing along as the choir sways , every verse of amazing grace .. and then we shake the preachers hand .. go home into your blue jeans .. have some chicken and some baked beans .. make a backyard football team .. not do much of anything .. thats what i love about sunday ... 
I found my < PROPFEMALE > ring that went missing last week . Thank you Lord . Wouldn't have been pretty if I didnt find it 
oh no ! the worst possible thing that could have happened , happened .... my 4 year old niece just said she wanted to be just like me .... great .... thats no good .. 
Rq : Sometimes you think every thing is wrapped inside a < PROPFEMALE > ring .. Love just needs a witness and a little forgiveness .. And a halo of < PROPFEMALE > .. And less sporadic pace .. And I'm learning to be brave in my beautiful mistakes 
Rq : well I'm not trying to land him . I'm just using him for sex .... \ 
Lmao . Gotta love pretty woman 
' you're a cheeseburger away from being obese!' ... ' you're a grasshopper!' ... \ 
' And for the record I eat chicken sandwiches all day everyday!' \ 
bad girls club new season ! 
Hi Dolls ! Fuckin EPIC ! I think I'll drink a wine spritzer and watch jersey shore it's so epic . You're a skeet skeet bitch . Oh my gosh I love my life ! Happy new year y'all . :D 
This is a fwd from my brother .... Snow is like a cock , it measured in inches , soft to the touch , cums when you least expect it and it never gets as deep as you'd like it . Driving in the snow is like eating pussy . If you don't slow down and pay attention you could slide into the asshole in front of you ! BE CAREFUL THIS WINTER ! 
rq : we're in miami , i dont want a girl studying for finals , i want a girl studying for < PROPMALE > ... vinny- jersey shore 
This motha luvin phone is being such a fucktard right now . If it didn't cost so much I'd probably throw it . 
Lmao . And I was just told me in my cop outfit is ' absurdly great ' because ' the cleavage is fucking epic ' . That's hilarious . 
You're a pain in the ass overly confident motha trucker . And yet I still miss you . what's really going on ?? This is what talking about old ish does . Oh well , night y'all! 
Ugh . Whats my issue . My whole body is cramping making sleep impossible . Ew . Now what to do ??? 
Lady and the tramp with the fam bam . Ugh I'm tired . 
The bf and I decided we want new families so we are joining the kardashians minus < PROPFIRST > because he's an ignorant prick . 
Blue and green status today 
SEAHAWKS ! 
Our Hasselbeck , who < PROPMALE > in Qwest Field , Hallowed be thine arm . Thy bowl will come , it will be won , in < PROPFIRST > as it was in Detroit(DAMN REFS ) . Give us this Saturday our impossible win and forgive the less-passers as you will not let them pass against us . Lead us not into frustration , but deliver us from Saints . For thine is the Proven , the best of he and Charlie , and the < PROPFEMALE > of the 12th Man , now and forever . Amen 
Cheeeeeehuuuu ! Seahawks ! 
I just wrestled w the 9 year old boxer . We used to actually scrap . Now 3 mins and we are both bellys up like never mind . And she also almost ripped out a piercing I'd like to keep attached . Lol 
I don't know , you did a pretty good job . I mean even the law came ... 
new season of bad girls club .. monday night .. oh yes ! 
Rq : I got a mouth like a sailor . Yours is just like a hallmark card . 
Waiting for lunch watching the game with uncle < PROPFIRST > 
Idk the game kinda bored me . 
Nay . I smell like an old lady . Tea tree oil and white flower . This shoulder pain is not the business . 
Good morning facebook ! What's good y'all ?!? 
Rq : this much I know is true . That god blessed the broken road that led me straight to you . 
Annoyed status . 
a friend of mine asked me what's a deal breaker when it comes to a significant other .. i said if they don't like animals ... trust and believe if he ever gave me the ultimatum of him or the cat/dog/animal ... oh < PROPFEMALE > , you best be the Rock cause we all know i love animals more than i like people .. truth .. lol 
Omg took the pooch to petsmart and was stopped by this old hood nigguh that says hey baby wanna come to my birthday party ? Lol that's funny . 
ok really ? im still up dinking around on facebook , 2 other sites , playing a game and listening to filipino music .. ohhhhhhh nayy ... whats really going on ? 
rq : haole , you took your 8 islands from us , the least you could do is pick up the tab every now and then .... oh hawaii 5-0 .. lmao 
depressing myself looking at real estate here .. i need sleep ... 
Rq : love lasts forever but a tattoo lasts six months longer . 
enter the dragon is on tv . That makes me so happy . :D 
i'll have what she's having ... 
nighty night facebook .. gotta get that beauty rest .. :D 
So I'm gonna be an Aunty to a girl in may and an I don't know in September . Thank you all for having kids so I never have to . \ 
P.s. No < PROPFIRST > is not preggo 
So irks ! Ugh . Just be game day so I can watch the hawks Bring home another win . Navy blue , white , and green baby ! 
Omg jonsing for filipino food . 
you are the postmark on my heart .. you are the best part of me ... 
rq : i have grown too strong to ever fall back in your arms .. you broke all your promises .. you dont get to get me back .... cause you lost my love ... deuces ! 
These kids are so irks . I need to meditate . 
My sister likes rugs . I don't like them . For her it's an excuse not to clean . Nay babysitter/maid don't play that . These are about to disappear . 
Bring home another win SEAHAWKS ! 
Happy Sunday .. Have a great week . Stay blessed .. 
Oh seahawks you make me sad . 
WTF ?!??!!???? Well boys , enjoy watching the superbowl from your recliners at home . Ahhhhhhh ----- 
Talked to my firefighter in jersey . Amusing . Saw 3 of my past teachers . Scary . And spent too much money at the mall . Hmm . 
Rq : I look good in love .. All dressed up in love .. I love love ! :D 
weird addictions , im addicted to eating couch cushions ..... really ? 
Free at last ! free at last ! thank god almighty we are free at last ! 
I'm not trying to knock old people but why you gonna put the slow moving , old , arthritic cashier on the express < PROPFIRST > reg ? 
I hate that I miss you . I don't even know why I do when you're such a pain :D But thank you for inspiring me . 
haters don't hate us .. they hate good shit ... 
first time in awhile im going to sleep before 3am ... nighty night fb ! 
whack ! i swear i've spent more time with these children than their own mother has these last few weeks .. and its not because of a job .. whack-tastic .. if i wanted to be a mom , i would have found a man with kids .. grrrrr aarrrrg 
\all real motha fuckers is only waiting on one opportunity .. and thats the opportunity to show a motha fucka they ain't bullshittin .. \ " katt < PROPMALE > " 
\mom 
who comes and knocks on the door at 130am ... my ass was't going to answer ... Mmm-mm .. nay nay ... i've seen the strangers .. no thanks .. my dog was sitting at the front door barking her ass off .. sounded like cujo yet she is the sweetest dog ... 
Oh good gracious what is the blue critters name on sesame street ? Not cookie monster . 
WHAT ?!?!!? < PROPFIRST > lalanne can't die . But I have his juicer . Oh why ? 
BGC6- still love < PROPFEMALE > ... beer muscles bro , beer muscles .... lmao 
You know you have a problem when you walk into the shower w your phone . Is there a 12 step program for this ? 
Cheesecake check ! Now to christinas for din din with the fam bam . 
Omg jelly beans !! 
Went over to the Barron house after < PROPMALE > painted the bathroom . When asked what she thought of it , my niece replied , ' I'm unimpressed!' lmao . 
so what had happened was ... 
If someone wants to get me bubba gumps right now that would be amazing ! Kthanks ! 
Goodnight ! Sleep tight ! See you in the morning light ! Haha 
I hate ft < PROPFIRST > commissary and PX . Can I be back in hawaii so I can just go to good old NEX . 
Fuckin irraz ... I need a blunt . Ohh but I don't smoke . Shiiit . Maybe I'll start . Im so over Washington . It's cold and dark and people are annoying . Lmao . Ugh . 
Hawhat ? so I was told by this random guy \you definitely have a full figure and know how to rock it ! \ " ukininam ... " 
rq : i can do what you got to do and i'll still be a lady .. i don't want your car or your money .. i'm independent monday thru sunday .. and if you ever look down upon me , your ignorance is such a pity .... 
Aw love dads that put in a full tank of gas after fixing the beastly Yukon . Now if only his son wasn't a first class loser . 
don't touch my stuff with your walks-on-the-street-paws ! 
Oh yes ! Filipino food ! And TFC . It's like I'm home . :) 
Rq : I may not wanna get low so I post it up kinda like a playa do . 
Is anyone else freezing . Ugh . To add to that awesome-ness I'll probably be getting the nieces cold soon . Annnnnnddd BLAH ! have a nice day :) 
rq : whether you think you can or think you can't , you're right ! 
Some people insist upon bringing up dumb shit from 2010 . I mean , hey , if you really want to be a skeet skeet bitch , by all means go for it ! But I'm not down to play that game . It's a new year , a new day , < PROPFEMALE > it up already ! 
Go big or go home . And home isn't an option ! Lol 
It is effing freezing ... Or maybe I just became a nani . Either way my body is cramping its so cold . I'm trying to sleep all curled up in a ball under the down comforter w the dog . Eff and I don't know how for work the damn heater . And yet I'm laughing . 
i have this mad urge to buy my friends motorcycle ... 
Don't care for either team but today going with the steelers . Polamalu . Cheeeeeehuuuu . 
Where's the love people ? 
Feeling it's time for the sauna . Try to sweat out this cold . 
Sauna = :) reminds me of home . If I close my eyes I can convince myself I'm laying out at the beach . Lol 
I love coughing . It's fricken amazing . Has the ability to give me a headache , stomach and side pains , make my throat hurt even more , spread nasty little cold germs everywhere , and keep me awake ..... Awesome ! Blah :( 
I was just driving and looked to see the temp . It said ICE . WTF does that mean ? Im pretty sure ice has a temperature too . 
rq : i look so good without you .. got me a new hairdo .. lookin ' fresh and brand new ... done with your lies .. baby now my tears dried , you can see my brown eyes .. i look so good , i look so good without you ! 
Shout out to my haters . Sorry that you couldn't phase me ! 
thanks to the bf's awesome hubby mr. < PROPMALE > Barron , i have my computer back and working .. along with my 31,000 plus pictures .. 
it's only illegal if you get caught .. ;) 
so irraz .. i feel like going to the gym work out some aggression ! shiiiittttt ! 
omg ..... then came the cajun music .. it's like i'm back in my uncles house as a child again .. i should be sleeping .. but no ... 
i managed to clean the house , do laundry , and send out 6 overdue letters today while watching the 3 children as they gave me a headache and irritated me to the brink of wanting to go out to the garage , grab the shotgun and run off to the shooting range .. however .. i did alittle ohm whoosa action and came back around .. cause i'm G like that :D 
Time for sleep ... With the snoring bedhog . How fab ! Night y'all . 
Watching rugby with grandpa < PROPFIRST > . Whens din din . I'm hungry . 
bought myself some new shoes today ... where were my champs people to give a sista a hookup ????!!?!! 
i feel like a cat .. drinking warm milk .. but it's not even milk because my sister doesn't have milk . she has almond soy or some ish .. so warm milk substitute .. 
I don't believe I'm saying this but I kind of miss my apt in < PROPFEMALE > beach . Minus the fact I didn't have a tub . But I did have a pool . 
so while y'all go out and have your valentines day fun ... i'm watching a movie while i relax in the tub .. and try to avoid the children that i am suppose to be watching .. 
Wish the sun would come out to play ... I'd like to take a walk but noooo .. 
rq : when your hourglass runs out of sand you can't flip it over and start again .. take every breath God gives you for what its worth ... 
Rq : Stop thinking about the words I left unsaid . Stop trying to change the things that I can't change ... In my heart I know you're gone , but in my head , I feel rain fallin right out of the blue sky .... 
Mad urge to walk the golf course because it's raining . I'm so backwards . 
It stopped raining so I don't want to walk anymore but I already told my dog we were going for a walk so now she's all excited . I think I broke my back lifting her into the suv . Old lady status over here . Lol 
rq : nobody knew how much she blamed herself ... for years and years she tried to hide the whiskey on her breath .. she finally drank her pain away alittle at a time .. but she never could get drunk enough to get him off her mind ... the angels sang a whiskey lullaby .... - this is dedicated to SGT Friedlander 
Gotta love zales and their courtesy call to remind me to get my jewelry inspected . Note to self : go to zales ... Don't forget jewelry ... Don't bring money ... 
' i told you you were to close but nobody ever listens to me . No no no no . I mean who does that ? Who backs a car into another car ? you make my head numb . I can't even ... Ugh!' 
Calendars went on sale for one dolla . So I bought one for every room . And my sister the jersey shore calendar . Lol 
This should let anyone know I'm not right in the head . I took the Yukon to a wash-your- own-damn-car car wash in a tank top and shorts .... It's 38 degrees . 
Cleaned the inside of the car of the 100 toys , 1000s of bits and pieces of food particles , 15 ' grocery ' bags , 2 strollers , 3 baby carriers , two foldable coolers , ample amounts of napkins , multitudes of old receipts , dog food kibbles , leashes , kids clothes , shoes , and anything else completely random . Car then didn't know what to do and wouldn't start . Battery from the caddy to jump it . How lovely ! 
I just asked my almost 2 yr old nephew if he was done eating he said , ' yeah , box ' . Lmao 
Lazy status ... Must get off butt . Ugh . 
how does something expire 02.30.11 ? i was under the impression that february had only 28 days .. sooo march 2nd ? 
ugh i miss hawaii ... the nice thing about cold weather is i can now enjoy my hot showers where as in hawaii not so much ... 
Rq : Baby , what you say we go pickin wildflowers .. 
I'm trying to get out of bed but nooo there's a 40 lb dog laying on my leg . Snoring away not phased by anything . 
is snow really necessary right now ? 
i'm doing yoga today ... i'm so not the yoga type of person .. 
Still snowing . Froze the door on the Yukon shut . That was special . 
Aw yeah , I just shoveled the driveway and it's snowing again . Oh well . 
the bff is in florida all this talk about hot weather and humidity .. ugh makes me miss hawaiis hot humid days ..... for a minute .. 
WTF is really going ? this is what just occured .. this motha trucka just asked me to marry him . is you serious ??? you must high .. funny part , he really was serious .. You puraw , i don't do dat kine stuff .. \ 
... no smart ass remarks to the latter k ... 
How does that make you feel ? \ 
Like a Viagra pill with a face . \ 
Lmao 
think i've caught death yet again ... kids and their germ ridden friends , touching everything with non-washed snotty hands .. oh woe is me .. lol 
Rq : All of my life , where have you been ? I wonder if I'll ever see you again . 
It's truly hysterical to me how someone can say they don't have time to clean and do important things yet has all the motha fuckin time to sit on the phone for hrs w their boo , go over and < PROPFEMALE > out w their boo , go out , dance around , and screw around . fuckin nailz ! 
derailed trains by chambers bay ... great , with awesome toxic fumes clogging the little oxygen we have .. stay inside y'all within that mile radius that got the calls .. and lets not forget your outdoor animals .. 
Rainy weather like this makes me want soup . Snow hot cocoa . And sun ... Bubba gumps . Good thing it's never < PROPFEMALE > in Washington . 
This just in . Nay time for Hawaii . I'm moving to Florida ! 
i don't shoot handguns .. my daddy always said , \a handgun is a way to get to a real gun . \ " so i brought a real gun .. " 
Today is moving day . I'm kinda tired but like the rock , I bring it ! Literally in this case because I got the suv and trailer ! Lol . 
so i thought i'd put in gas for my sibling .. $80 later and ' < PROPFEMALE>' is still thirsty .. i said no thanks , that's good enough .. 
i love our new cat but he's a creeper in the dark since he's all black ... he was sitting a foot away from me and i couldn't see him til he bat my hand .. 
men only think for their dicks .. and it's not going to solve my problem so dash ! negative time for irking people .. 
somehow i'm j of my friend going to the carribean .. take me , take me !!! 
I love how you can be in a store not needing help and every employee will ask if they can help you find anything . But when you actually need them , no where to be found . 
oh lovely ! i should get my 2 letters written so i can send those out tomorrow .. and i need to work on my < PROPMALE > project with the children .. annnnnd perhaps stop being a heffer .. don't see the latter happening anytime soon .... lmao .. 
Sunday is over , Monday is arriving ... Dun dun dun . Have a great and blessed week y'all! 
don't think i don't think about it .. don't think i don't have regrets .. don't think it don't get to me .. between the work and the hurt and the whiskey ... i know what i felt and i know what i said .. don't think i don't think about it .... 
Mardi gras ! 
Quoting mr. Vin Diesel ' There is nothing in the world , more sacred than a woman . ' take notes men :) 
rq : it's too big .. it's too wide .. it's too strong . it won't fit .. it's too much .. it's too tough .. he talks like this cuz he can back it up .. he got a big ego .. such a huge ego .. i love his big ego .. it's too much .. he walks like this cuz he can back it up ........ 
' Damn , you're thick girl , you should let me get that . ' wtf , you really think that's gonna get you some ass ? thats the same as the guy that said , ' damn , tits annnndd ass!' yeah that's classy ... funny but no .. 
Hawaii- be safe y'all . Don't float away ! I mean the entire island ! Where would I go home to ?!? But for real higher ground :) 
rq : .. you're my fix like a venti iced coffee .. i enjoy your company .. i took a risk , i took a < PROPMALE > ..... 
It wasn't over . It still isn't over . 
it's been 88 days since my last stog or black . 44 days- last drink :( 7 months for my last tattoo session . ( WTF ) .. 12ish weeks I've been in WA . 60 something days til my birthday ... Day40 .... Boom random ish ! Nighty night y'all! 
fml ... i'm so lazy .. and i don't like daylight savings crap .. we don't do dat kine stuff in hawaii .. i should go to the gym .... but for what , i'm only gonna stuff my face later ... lol 
Watching salt with my sibling and the dog . Not sure why . 
Things I loth when shopping . Mess . Cashiers that just grab you money when it's obvious you're looking for change . One cashier for a fatty line . And those people that have to run and get something . Oh no , that's not gonna work . 
like a lighthouse needs a coast , like The father and the son need the holy ghost , I need you . 
the world can shake but Lord i'm making you my hidin ' place .. 
time for paranormal activity 2 .. with the dog .. because i feel uneasy if she's not with me .. 
RQ : Do we keep doin ' what we're doin ' till we cause ourselves harm , charmed by life and then we forget what livin's really for . 
Fat cow Status right here . I don't need to eat for another week . Fml 
I wanna take that shot of whiskey . Wanna smoke that cigarette . Wanna smell that sweet addiction on my breath .. I need you ... 
rq : that's the body of the century .. you a little insecure but baby you got plenty .. them stretchmarks on your hips are just bungee cords bringin you back when you dip .... 
I need to start living life the jersey shore way . GTL . Got laundry down . Can there be a gym I can tan AND workout at the same time ??? 
5 pillows . Diesel the cat . Snoring dog taking up half the bed . Headache . A little white noise to drown out the snoring , Check . Good to go . Night y'all . 
I was watching House last night and wondering do people that age really not know who ferris bueller is ? Bueller ... Bueller ... 
Doing some gardening . Trying to be warm jn the sun . 
Dear lovely people in Hawaii , \ 
No need feel like I forgot about you , yeah ?! These children are sooo irks . Lol . Still love them . You like talk to me , facebook is probably easiest bc it's up all day . Texting is fab to . Calls arent the best as its never quiet w these mini versions of mommy and daddy . But you can try if you like . \ 
All love , nighty night y'all! 
rq : now on the day you call for me .. someday when time no more shall be .. i'll say death , where is your sting .. shelter me Lord underneath your wing 
