Has had the WORST headache all day ... :( 

Had so much fun hanging out with all my friends last night , but boy was it hard to wake up this morning 
Got my starbucks this morning :) 
starting the weekend off already ..... I love 3 day weekends !!! 
Had a great 4th of July weekend !!! 
A HUGE tree branch fell on my car :( .... what luck 
ready to finally have a real vacation this summer , can't wait for tomorrow 
Had an awesome time in San < PROPMALE > and wishes I was still there 
Heartbroken .......... Missing my son/bestfriend 
My dad took another turn for the worst last night , surgery is scheduled for 12pm today ....... please keep him in your prayers 
He is out of surgery and in recovery .... keep praying for us 
Headed to the library to try to learn some chem before tomorrow :( ....... but on the brightside my dad got to go home last night 
Enjoying this lovely morning with a soy vanilla latte , yum :) 
Ready for this weekend ... 
Happy Halloween Everyone !!! 
Had such a good time last night and doesn't want the weekend to end 
I Love how < PROPFEMALE > works :) 
thinking I might have a touch of ADD 
Had a nice BBQ with the roomies , mmmm ... burgers 
What to make for dinner ???... any suggestions 
I am soooo over school 
just starting to watch \Marley and Me\ " .... although I am SURE I will regret it halfway through :( " 
WHat ? Your going to SF again and you didn't even tell me .... I don't have a wedding this week :( Have fun girl ........ it's almost birthday time 
I Love fridays ... I am so ready to relax and hangout with some good friends 
It's hard to get going when it's just so warm and comfy in my bed 
2 more weeks left of the semester and I couldn't me more thrilled .... or stressed 
Thank you all for the birthday well wishes 
Making gingerbread houses with my sissy 
Made see's fudge , butterfingers , and thumbprint cookies today with my sister and grandma ... oh and a big mess 
LOVED my first day back to work 
HOW DID WE MEET ? :) Everyone play this game ! Copy and paste this phrase on your profile , you will find it amusing to remember how you met and how you know each of your friends ! Before you do that , YOU MUST ANSWER FOR ME ! Let's have fun with this . :) 
Black 
Is loving the rain and the sky after it pours 
Anyone else LOVE ulta beauty like I do let me know because I have friends & family coupons for 20% of total purchase and 30% professional hair care products 1/17-1/23 
Excited to see chelesa Handler in SF ! 
getting used to my new schedule .... so far so good :) 
Parking ticket already ... who knew that you could only park in the parking lot by the library from 6:30 - 10:30 with a CARPOOL pass only ... wtf 
Horray for weekends ! 
Had a fun night with the girls last night , now up and ready to be productive today 
what a long day ahead ... biochem , work , and then counseling .... I won't be home until 10pm 
urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , search , then copy and paste the result as your status and the entry for your name under comments . 
“The best day of your life is the one on which you decide your life is your own . No apologies or excuses . No one to < PROPFEMALE > on , rely on , or blame . The gift is yours - it is an amazing journey - and you alone are responsible for the quality of it . This is the day your life really begins . ” 
Had my first counseling session yesterday ... it was wierd knowing that I was being video/audio recorded and watched through a 2 way mirror 
Lottery is today ... crossing my fingers 
I didn't get in ..... f@# ! k 
Slept wierd and now I can't turn to the right ... ouch 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day 
everything , and nothing .... all at once 
Dreading the start of my early day tomorrow ... so long spring break 
I joined a frat today , lol 
Just made apple-curry and tomat o-o range soup 
.... can sleep through 5 alarms . no joke . 
My brain hurts 
I am so over it ! 
Finished putting together the Nordictrac :) 
going to Bulldog Pantry to volunteer 
.... or not 
Happy Earth Day !!! 
Jacoby , I miss you .... please hurry back the sox need you :) 
just donated a pint of blood for the first time , and seriously almost passed out .... no bueno ! 
....... f# @k my life 
is getting sick before finals and VeGaS .... no bueno 
In the library ALL DAY ... but can't seem to concentrate on studying . 
had a blast in Las Vegas ! 
I'm going to attempt making a whole dinner from scratch tonight ... wish me luck . lol\ 
( I need it ) 
I love summer <3 
The pride parade today was in . sain ... but lots of fun 
On the vancouver airport on our way to sf 
yeay , it's the weekend !!! 
Had a great weekend ... now back to work 
Just registered for my LAST semester of school :) 
Got our Christmas Tree last night ..... I LOVE Christmas . It's almost here !!! 
Thank you all for the nice birthday wishes , I love you all . This birthday was the best !!! Thanks to the best friends and boyfriend a girl could have :) 
No more studying .... I don't even know what to do with myself 
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings while others are adding up their troubles ... 
Off to take the GRE ... wish me luck ! 
Why is it the one day I am waiting to get a package , it misses the connecting flight and I have to wait another day ?.... sigh 
Happy valentines day !!! 
Such a beautiful day already ! 
It is estimated that over 200,000 rape kits sit untested across the United States . Rape has the lowest arrest and prosecution rates of any violent crime . Join us as we take a stand and say that sexual violence won't be tolerated . To learn more about this issue , visit www.endthebacklog.org 
I don't want to study :( 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day !!!! 
.. and the countdown begins :) 
