Ugh , I need a new picture . I look like a stoner here . 

Don't judge the metal genre of music for what it sounds like . Certain groups , like the ones I linked here , have beautiful lyrics . They're very emotional . 
I'm feeling really happy right now . Much more than I've been in a while . 
SAT's tomorrow . Wooo ? 
SATS are over . Woooo ! 
is back from Europe and feeling great ! 
Tomorrow's going to be fun ... maybe 
I suppose some things are best left unsaid ; regardless of what may or may not happen as a result of it . Having to keep such things to yourself can drive you insane . In my case I don't think I had my sanity to begin with . 
My dog ate 1/2 of my birthday cake while I was out for dinner . 
Hemp , that is all . 
Prom better be worth it 
Good luck comes from willpower and positive thinking , good-luck charms only embody them . 
Empty chair in the office started to squeak behind me ... Creepy 
Barbeque of pure awesomeness happened today , can't wait for the next one . 
I empathize with him wholly , the pain this friend feels is far too familiar . I hope that things can be set right . 
For the first time in years I could feel my own tears again , it felt oddly wonderful . Hold off the emo comments for now please . 
Today I will take my turn for what feels like the first time . I will not let myself fail . 
I have cast the die , thrown my hat into the ring , played whatever hand I had . Now I must wait for the next turn . No longer can I look back . 
Things did not go as I expected , my opportunity never came . Perhaps it is better this way , perhaps it means that I should wait . 
No appetite , no interest in anything I usually like . The interweb's diagnosis is depression . :( 
It's a bit of a shame that the school year is over . Summer vacation is starting to get overrated . 
A dragonfly decided to land on me yesterday , kinda cool to be honest . Especially with all of the superstition about what they represent , supposedly good fortune or something . Something like that could alleviate my boredom . 
Seems that I'm no longer bored , got a couple games . Halo 3 ODST , to see what its about and SMG 2 , which came out today and is hilariously addictive . 
Started my internship for Senior Year today at Mount < PROPFEMALE > College . I'm workin with the \Indiana Jones\ " of their Science department . I'm already having fun and I'm looking forward to more . " 
I have to wonder which is reality and which is a dream . They feel amazingly vivid , realistic in every sense . Dreams of recent times have had a recurring character ; they confuse and yet enthrall me . For one who has felt he rarely has good dreams that are so very vivid , I have experienced one in which I am saddened to be awakened from . 
Got my ACT scores back , pretty proud of my 30 . Time to go back to not studying for my next SAT . 
I'MMA DYIN OF BOREDOM !! 
I believe I am developing a sort of complex based on my reading of a certain novel or rather , series of novels . I'm curious to see what will unfold from this . 
After a nearly three hour session on career assessment at WCC , I finally feel as if I have some sort of calling . I feel ecstatic over this 
just keep writing , just keep wriiiting . 
Well my writing for the day was pretty productive . 3k words and the start of my 5th chapter , hitting a grand total of 23.8 k words or 60 printed pages . I'm a bit surprised since a certain < PROPFIRST > Hartley had to prove that we were beneath the wrong part of the school . I'm keepin an eye on you boy ; especially if you try to prove that the school is round . 
Strickland vs Gatlin\ 
Who wins ?? 
Is now watching Soul Eater while thinking of more stuff to add to the \book \"" 
30,000 words and counting . Hopefully the weekend brings better results . 
Waffles or pancakes ??? 
Kicchiri Kacchiri 
2:00 am and not tired yet . Curse me and my addictive nature . 
Minecraft ... Waaaargh ! 
You might know everything I'm going to do , but that's not going to help you since I know everything you're going to do ... STRANGE ISN'T IT ?!?! 
Has shamelessly subscribed to < PROPMALE > comics , not regretting it though . 
should be sleeping right now 
SATs are oveeeeerrrr ! 
External hard drive died . I lost 20-ish gigs of music :( 
We like things that are easy and want things to be simple because we are Humeaen . 
Making quotes about stuff that might sound important is cool . Am I right ? 
Will be wearing the \way past cool\ " hat tomorrow . Props to all who get the reference . " 
Made some Dr. Pepper BBQ ribs for dinner . They were delicious . 
< PROPMALE > County Public Schools closed for itty-bitty streaks of ice on random roads . Now that's just sad . 
Hoping everyone is having a fun time . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas or holiday of your choosing . 
Just made some awesome chili dogs . Looks like I'm going to have plenty more this week too . 
All college/university applications are now sent out . So glad I don't have to worry about them anymore . 
The internet as a whole really needs something to correct grammar . After looking over my previous posts I've realized that my grammar is horrid . Curse me and my obsessive need to use commas in writing . 
Has allegedly been accepted to UNC Asheville , but has not received the official letter or email ; just a letter talking about my recent acceptance . It's kind of weird . 
Sadly I didn't get accepted into the University of Chicago 
\Dear < PROPFIRST > 
\Thank you for your application to NC State University . We are pleased to notify you of your acceptance into the College of Engineering - Computer Science Unmatriculated for the 2011 Fall semester . Official notification of your admission should be arriving by U.S. mail shortly . \ " :) " 
Just received in email from UToronto :\ 
\Dear Mr Stokes\ 
Had I not received acceptance letters from < PROPFEMALE > and U of T I would have been pretty upset when I read my Duke rejection letter . Can't win ' em all :) 
Has been wait-listed by < PROPMALE > College of Arts & Sciences . I don't know what to make of this . 
Is currently cooking a batch of chili which he thinks will taste great . 
