knows whether or not she's going camping next weekend ... 

is idk ... 
has come to live in a truly pseudo-Italian household ... 
is uber excited for camping this weekend =D 
yo < PROPMALE > you forgot to sign out =P this is < PROPFEMALE > btw >=] 
is off for a fun-filled weekend camping ! 
juat got back from an exciting weekend camping ... so glad that i went ! 
has been reminded of her own mortality , but more importantly the mortality of others ... 
is still hurting from the meningitis shot yesterday 
is paying Airtran $24 just to sit on their plane , even though they already got $555 for the tickets . FML . 
THANK U MR . WOOLERY !!! I LOVE U TO DEATH !! well i did before but ... 
please tell me if anyone has sports med 1 or chriqui for ap lit and if so what periods it would be greatly appreciated ... 
finally saw transformers ! amazingness ! 
does not appreciate AT ALL not being trusted ... 
is trying to eat healthy for the next 2 1/2 weeks . 
fun fact ! termites eat wood twice as fast if listening to metal music . 
has been reminded of the amazingness of summer camp =) 
awesome shows on comedy central tonight ... 
has realized she's been kinda a bitch lately and is working on not being such a one . 
got routed to the 405 south when she wanted to go north ... ugh 
has parents that dont trust her enough to go do smart-people homework at another person's house without doing drugs/drinking/having sex/fucking around . WTF ?! 
kinda wants her ... venter ?... ventee ?... person that she vents to back . i hope he's having fun on his oh-so-needed vacation but it would still be nice to have him back ... 
is back ! ( for anyone who doesnt know yet ) ... had my custard , tried escargo , went to the wisconsin state fair , and visited with my not-oft-seen relatives ... all in all it was pretty fun . was super ecstatic to be home , ( u can ask he who ive spent almost all of the last 48 hours with , he'll tell u ) and now ... eh ... 
is reminiscing ... <3 
has just finished < PROPFIRST > gray ... oh how bitter sweet that is ... 
as the summer comes to a close , i still have TONS of homework to do , have college apps due in 2 months ( need to complete them and write essys ) , just registered for the ACT ( ugh ) , and am , in general , stressed out as hell ... SAVE ME , especially you who needs to get ur ass home faster than ASAP PLEASE !!! i need a break from Madame Bovary ... 
doesn't have a < PROPMALE > to breathe ... 
oh school today ... damn cant believe its all over . doesnt even seem possible . i swear my epically awesome summer isnt done yet . hard to think that my next one will be as a high school graduate ... 
so surprisingly enough ( or not so suprisingly enough depending on your point of view i guess ) i am excited for sports med ! probably a little too excited . no , probably way too excited . so i guess we shall see if i should be ... 
is ... ok get this ... icing her thumb cuz it hurts like hell after attempting to rip tape for sports med all afternoon ... anyone else catch the irony ? 
hmm ... a giant oh-so-lovable t-shirt and billy ... nights shouldnt be so terribly bad ... 
ran down the middle of the street barefoot to catch my fleeing dog ... i think i deserved that oh-so-awesomely flavorful ( too a point , i mean u really need the pepper to make it taste amazing , although the pepper makes it taste REALLY amazing ) subway sandwich 
is obviously a bigger screw up than she ever thought possible ... now how to survive today knowing how much i have severely hurt my one and only because of it and do it dry-eyed ? i dont see how either is possible ... 
. 
AP Physics : Graphical Integration . would anyone like to explain that to me ? 
\How wonderful life is while you're in the world ... \"< 3 " 
has spent the morning playing with her 2 new gb of music and its all EPIC ! 
is done with saturday ASB for a while 
Facebook Experiment : if you are reading this , whether we do or do not talk , please post a comment about a memory we had together . after , copy this paragraph and put it as your status , you'll be suprised what people remember about you . 
loves ... love 
still loves love . and freedom . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . and subway . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . and subway . and spontaneity . and loving texts . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . and subway . and spontaneity . and loving texts . and roses . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . and subway . and spontaneity . and loving texts . and roses . and chicken noodle soup . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . and subway . and spontaneity . and loving texts . and roses . and chicken noodle soup . and slow dancing . and reenacting nights of the past . and acting 6 . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . and subway . and spontaneity . and loving texts . and roses . and chicken noodle soup . and slow dancing . and reenacting nights of the past . and acting 6 . and giant sweatshirts . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . and subway . and spontaneity . and loving texts . and roses . and chicken noodle soup . and slow dancing . and reenacting nights of the past . and acting 6 . and giant sweatshirts . and carving pumpkins . and early morning car rides . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . and subway . and spontaneity . and loving texts . and roses . and chicken noodle soup . and slow dancing . and reenacting nights of the past . and acting 6 . and giant sweatshirts . and carving pumpkins . and early morning car rides . and holding hands . 
loves ... love . and freedom . and becoming italian . and very late nights . and subway . and spontaneity . and loving texts . and roses . and chicken noodle soup . and slow dancing . and reenacting nights of the past . and acting 6 . and giant sweatshirts . and carving pumpkins . and early morning car rides . and holding hands . and talking . and church . and singing . and dancing . and being a GIT while singing and dancing . 
for some reason has a need to declutter her life . wonder why ... 
just wants to be accepted into college already ! world : stop shopping and start moving again ! I NEED AN IN ! and im jealous of all y'all who are in already , u know who u are ... 
is getting senioritis ... now i just need my justification for it ... 
<3 8 months !... Matt Lauer can SUCK IT !!! =P 
loves ... curling up next to < PROPFIRST > . 
stills needs to get in a group for the rollercoaster project ... great ... 
loves ... curling up next to < PROPFIRST > . and playing Left For Dead . 
ah the world crashing down on me ... 
sends her love to her love on K31 <3 
finally has her love back ! WOOHOO ! I LOVE YOU ! <3 
has 7 more hours of school left , then Medieval Times the SAINT < PROPFIRST > !!!! Christmas break here i come ... 
IS IN SAINT < PROPFIRST > BITCHES !!!! OMG SO MUCH FUN ! travelers or absolutely retarded ( and sometimes funny cuz of it ) but whatever . this will be the best 9 days ever ! 
is on her way to SLU !!! omg its gonna be so much fun ! i so cant wait ! Billikins here i come !!! =) 
hey guess what ? I GOT INTO SAINT < PROPFIRST > UNIVERSITY !! HAHAHAHAHAHA ! IM INTO COLLEGE ! BITE ME ! 
According to Greek mythology the first humans were created with 4 arms , 4 legs , 4 eyes , and 2 noses and 2 mouths . Afraid of their power Zeus split them apart leaving them to find their other half . These people are called soulmates . <3 
9 months <3 
ah life is great ... <3 
so tired . hella crazy week . not over yet ... gotta finish my nutrition project still ... 
Hakuna Matata 
pretty awesome night with my one and only . not even just pretty awesome , like amazingly awesome ! i have so much fun just hangin out and being goofy with you ... <3 
turned in her tuition and housing deposits for SLU !!! guess its official ! GO BILLIKINS ! 
is thinkin of applying for a job . how weird ... 
wants to talk to random people . anyone up for it ? 
changed her language on facebook to pirate . sweet ! 
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!! I GOT INTO MED SCHOLARS AT SLU !!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!! OMG OMG OMG . LIFE IS AWESOME !!!!!!!!!!!! 
\if we put all our rings together we summon < PROPMALE > Norris \"" 
apparently my great-grandfather used to grow cranberries for ocean spray . i now know why there is currently cran-peach , cran-raspberry , and cran-grape all in my fridge atm . 
Carpe diem . because you only have so much time to do what u love and to be with who you love . so < PROPFEMALE > each and every moment . because you never know when that moment will be gone forever . 
someone special's coming home today !!! =D 
HAPPY 1 YEAR ANNIVERSARY !!! I LOVE YOU , DUDE ! <3 <3 <3 
18 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YAY ! TIME TO SPEND THE DAY WITH MY NUMBER 1 TO CELEBRATE ! 
WENT FISHING TODAY !!! YAY !!! DIDN'T CATCH A DAMN THING BUT IT WAS FUN AS FUCKIN HELL !!! WOOO !!! ( and im hyper ! ) LET'S GO AGAIN ! LET'S GO AGAIN ! 
so just got back from the St. < PROPFIRST > Sports Med Competition ... GOT ROOKIE DIVISION 2ND PLACE !!!! OOH SO HAPPY ! congrats to Will too ! and to ND : 2nd place overall for large schools ! woo ! Go Knights ! 
grr just tomorrow be over already ... so excited for Thursday ! =) 
Sports Med Trip YAY !!!!! To Nike Factory tomorrow to buy some really colorful Nikes then to Washington ' til Sunday !!! Woo so excited !!! =D 
is in Portland ! and Coach Kramer is driving a minivan ! i will remember that forever ... 
is cruisin to washington . everyone's asleep while i rock out on my iPod so interesting trip so far . just saw Nike headquarters ... 192 acres of epicness . like omg nicest place ever . i wanna live there and legit could . and got Nike gear half off with no sales tax ! epic trip so far ? i think so . 
is back from our kickass sports med trip to washington . so much fun , so many good times , discovered chuy is a little mexican ( shouldve guessed by his name ... ) , yeah it was good . kinda sad about being home and def not excited for tomorrow ... 
is at the Griffith Observatory seeing the magnificent view of LA and the Hollywood sign . 
just got a macbook pro ! =) 
Prom was AMAZING ! I had the best date anyone could've hoped for . Will , I love you always . and < PROPFIRST>'s afterward was def not bad either . and i guess that means that Graduation festivities have begun ... 
happy graduation to us all =) 
so random question for the masses ... do we get the professional pictures that were taken at graduation ? and how and when do we get them ? 
is reading The Notebook . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Luehrmann ! =) 
is off to St. < PROPFIRST > tomorrow ! i should probably start that whole packing thing ... 
can't find her mailbox info for next year ... 
yesterday was AMAZING !!!! it'll be hard to top that one in the future <3 
so my love left this morning to work at Camp < PROPFEMALE > Bay on < PROPFEMALE > for the next 5 weeks ... i'm gonna miss him dearly but HAVE FUN , DUDE ! 
seems to be angrier since Will left ... anyone wanna do something sometime this week to calm me down ? 
Happy 4th of July ! * insert American Flag here * 
i passed physics ! not that it matters cuz i don't get credit anyway but still . who knew ? 
12 more days ! 
got back last night from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! Kayaked , swam , hiked , did pottery ( which btw i found out pottery isn't my thing ) and pretty much < PROPMALE > out at boy scout camp with my dear ! it was such an amazing experience ! i love you dude ! and once again , 12 DAYS ! =D 
11 DAYS ! 
ooh less than 10 days !! =) 
9 Days !!! We're in the single digits !!! =) 
8-ish days 
thinks she just got a job ... 
is packing for college ... this is gonna be a lot harder than i thought . oh and 2 DAYS !!! 
saw the taping of the Tonight Show yesterday !!! although they cut the funniest part out ... if only the world could see Stewie prank calling the president ... 
last day in california today 
is in Saint < PROPFIRST > y'all and is here to stay ! =) 
moves into my dorm tomorrow !!! 
is in the midst of welcome week and is superly enjoying SLU ! =) 
done with first college class ! 
just finished week one of college ! WOO ! 
is making a life-sized periodic table 
are you ready for some football ?!?!?! 
it's been quite a long day facebook , yet not long enough , but more the former than the latter . To think that a day which I woke up as such a happy munchkin could end on such a dull note . Goodnight . 
Wants to party ! 
I guess the best I can do is to do better 
irony of the day : acetone bottle is not protected against acetone 
super fun night last night ! Now who's ready for a fun Saturday ? 
super fun day yesterday at the mall !!! West County Mall is beast ! 
Wants to get her cartilgae pierced . Anyone know a good place where ? 
how did i possibly end up going to a school without football ??? 
Just did dishes for an hour and a half ... OMG 
HAPPY YEAR AND A HALF HUN ! I LOVE YOU ! <3 <3 
lost her ID ... awesome ... 
wanrs to go to < PROPFEMALE > Garden 
just got < PROPFEMALE > Garden ! =]] 
just finished a chemistry test ! OMG ! yet not so bad ... 
you know , shower shoes don't really work so well when the shower room gets flooded ... 
just went with Will ' Tank ' Luehrmann to McDonalds and got 50 CHICKEN McNUGGETS for TEN DOLLARS !!!! 
Rams-Chargers game yesterday = SO COOL !!! omg and such a FANTASTIC game !! Must . go . to . another . football . game ...! 
TERRIFIC night with the bf ! <3 now to get ready for the second half of the semester 
Make a Difference Day today !! 
Fire drill at 12:30 am ?? 
Feels like she has Asperger's ... 
Dear God , \ 
Please stop trying to test how cold you can make an early morning walk to class . Trust me , it is cold enough and probably too cold already . Please make it warmer . Thank you . \ 
Love , < PROPFEMALE > 
sick but happy . Was annoyed but now understanding . Was lonely but not whatsoever anymore . Wasn't sure what was ahead before but can now see the sun so brightly !! =) 
I throw my skittles in the air sometimes saying ayo , taste the rainbow ! 
Omg is registered for next semester ! This year is going fast ! 
back from SLU Encounter ! OMG best retreat of my life . Sorry K28 you're still awesome but E39 love ! LTF ! <3 
Just grabbed a stranger's ass . I've had my entertainment for the night ... 
Power out in Gries . Woo . 
going to bed . waking up at 6 to finish my history paper . then history and off to MILWAUKEE ! Thanksgiving break here we come ! =) 
Dear St. Louis , \ 
Thank you for welcoming me back after the Thanksgiving holiday . I had an absolutely wonderful weekend in Milwaukee . Though it was cold ... nothing like shopping at an outdoor mall in a temperature of 0 . So your weather is a bit toasty atm but I'm sure we can make it work . Thanks again and I hope these next 2 weeks can be great for both of us before I go back to Los < PROPFEMALE > =) 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a \ 
cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same until\ 
Monday December 6 , 2010 , there should be no human faces on Facebook ! \ 
It's a campaign AGAINST violence on Children . 
Finals study day today , Stats and bio final tomorrow , chem final on Friday , history final on Tuesday , then ... back in Los < PROPFEMALE > on Tuesday night ! In a WEEK ! Whaaaaaaaat ?? 
Landed herself in an emergency room . Again . 
is back home after having emergency surgery ... omg what a day ! 
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH IT'S SNOWING !!!! 
needs fat pants 
is about to leave lovely st. < PROPFIRST > . Los < PROPFEMALE > here we come ! 
apparently has textaphrenia 
got her stitches taken out ... 
going to Disneyland !!! 
Strangers are just family you have yet to come to know . 
woo Packers make the playoffs !! =D 
Last day in Los < PROPFEMALE > ... 
loved being in LA , but now it's time to get back to the STL ! =) 
