Wishing everyone a great new year may this next year be better than last 

not up to much today drinking coffee playing on this face book thing 
well it is almost here so that means it will soon be over I do wish everyone a very < PROPFEMALE > christmas 
Well I had an okay day . I think I needed the time alone to try to get my head strait I am not saying it is but no pain no gain the way I see it I have to feel life for it to be real 
I am feeling pretty good in a weard way nice to get back to work 
How weard my clock started running backwards at 4am this morning and is still going waiting to see if it goes the other way or how long it will run 
I want to thank each and every one who has been a part of my life in the past year I hope we all can continue to be friends and family HAPPY NEW YEAR to all of you may dreams come true this coming year for you all !!!!!!!! 
Just to let everyone know the ride went well today I am home safe and sound there was some ice and it was cold but all in all it was a good ride ,, life is good ,,, 
PLEASE post this as your status if you know someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can totally breathe fire . 60% of people won't copy and paste this because they've already been eaten by dragons . 38% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers , and the remaining 2% are awesome and will re-post . 
i am a bit lost in my head looking for direction 
The gray sky is getting old thinking of taking a ride 
Sunshine was soooo nice today 
It is a new day will see what it brings 
happy to see the sun 
it seems as though there is never enough time in the day to do all the thing needed to do 
life is good , it is just my mind that is messed up , accepting life for what it is , isn't allways what I want 
Good morning to all it is Friday hope to see some of you this weekend 
Some times life is like a feather in the wind , never knowing where I will land . I just hope I dont get stuck in a tree ! 
well I have been on here long enough going to cascade locks for breakfeast 
trying to find that balance between perfect and acceptance is not so easy 
looks like my face book just upgraded and i am f --- ked up lost got to learn all over 
life is good musuc is good and i guess the dam rain is too 
I got to get around things to do people to see places to go 
so this is valentines day woppy seems just like any other day 
i feel like i need a starbucks coffee to get me going today 
ok got the kitcken and the laundry done and now i dont want to cook becouse i just got it clean sounds like icecream dinner 
I had a great day it was a lot of work but very rewarding life is good 
this is looking like a motorcycle day great 
I just got back from going to see my ex it went well she treated me as a human but it still hurts i am not sure about my feelings it just makes me want to cry 
I can not make sence of my thoughts I seem to be all over the place yet no where scattered 
I am grateful for my life today and I believe it is ok to shed a tear for those struggling 
What a great day I had a nice ride to cascade locks this morning left me wanting more maybe i will just ride with no where to go and enjoy the weather 
I seem to be trying to explain myself and either I am not saying what I think I am saying or some people just want what they want and are not listining 
Does this make any sense I want what I want I don’t want what I don’t want , why does not matter . If I accept what I don’t want for what I want , then I will surly be miserable . 
I am just trying to figure out why I think I have to figure out everything 
I just did my taxes not as bad as I feared 
I want to do something just dont know what so I sit here and do nothing 
happy easter if you do that sorta thing if not good day to you too 
It has been a good day just goffing of with freinds now going to a pot luck in the Dalles with more freinds what more could one ask for !!! 
the only bad thing about this weekend is monday follows it good night all 
If I missed any one thank you all for the bday wishes it was very nice of you all thank you again !!!!!!!! 
Where is Spring and the < PROPFEMALE > weather that comes with it ?????????????? 
It looks like I picked a beautiful day to not go to work , I have decided to have a wonderful day no mater what happens ........ 
I have had another great day rode out to Arlington seen mom and stoped in at cililo and made it back without rain although the wind is comming up great ride !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I will be opening at St Marks tonight so come over come up just come on in 8:00 pm 
GOOD MORNING ALL HAVE A GREAT DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
gone fishing ................................................................................................. 
Underwood community center has been repaired so the meeting is schedule @ 7:00 pm 
Damm what a dumb ass I can be .. I started to run dish water then just going to look on here for a second yea right water every where ................................................... 
I feel just flat worn out today ............................................................ 
It looks like it is going to be a great day ... So I think I will get out of the way and let it be ...... 
Life is good I have had great day went on a long ride with some great guys and ladies what more could I ask for thanks to all for the ride ........... 
What a cool thunder storm last night ............................................... 
I just had dinner with my < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > & Ethen , Whew them little ones can wear me out quick , but I love em , they are all a blessing too me ....................... 
pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United\ 
States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : one Nation\ 
under GOD , indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST IF\ 
YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see howmanyamericans\ 
will repost ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! 
Good morning to all looks like it going to be a nice < PROPFEMALE > day so if you can enjoy it ........... 
so much for the < PROPFEMALE > day .. Oh well it is still a nice day I am breathing air steady ......... 
I am not sure what I was wanting today . I have been wanting to know what the f -- k happened last June . So no plea today so I wait a little longer . Trial June 21 maybe then ? 
T . G . I . F . 
I wish I could just choose to be happy every day and for it too work ......................... 
It tis a wet morning . Oh well what the hell it can still be a good day :) :) :) :) :) 
Wow talk about an ego < PROPMALE > , I just dropped my car at the body shop and they gave me this thing called an < PROPFEMALE > it is almost a car . It has 4 wheels and I think there is a motor maybe , no peddles though .......... 
Where is the sun ? I was wanting to ride with some freinds today now find myself backing out becouse of the cold and wet weather bla bla bla .... 
Here is the sun !!!!! it can be a great day if ( I ) let it be :) :) :) :) :) > 
I beleive I receved an answer to a question I have had . I will make mistakes i will say things wrong and I will hurt peoples feelings and I will get mine hurt that is how I learn I would not know fire would burn me if I never put my hand in the flame . So I must put me in my life .... 
I am trying to help spread the word < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are having a barbeque tomorrow after the noon meeting he has a new grill he wants to try out so lets help him out ok :) 
Well I just woke from a much needed nap I still cant see but I feel beter ...... 
What a great < PROPFEMALE > day + a dam good ride what more could one ask for life is good ........ 
What a great rainy day ... cheer up it is'nt that bad .. I helped a freind build a fence not to pretty of a fence but it will work .. all is good if I just get out of the way and allow it ... 
Lost in my head can’t seem to even make a sentence come out right 
Oh what to do work then work or work then work !!!! 
For every action there is a reaction . For every choice there is a consequence . How will I deal with the consequence of my choices is the real question 
I am lost thinking about a day with no answers lots of questions . My head is just spinning no end in sight ...................... 
day four of trail the court will not let me sit in and wont let me talk to anyone who can seems unfair all i want is some answers ................................ 
Well the trail is over and as it turns out the best thing I could do for < PROPFEMALE > was nothing . By doing nothing I did not finalize my divorce and that kept me from testifying . Now it is over and up to the jury . 
No more living in the past or the future . The time to live is today . This life is mine to live the best life I can !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Had a great day yesterday I got a few things done and a one hour work out then a two hour ride before work gona try again today life is good 
Yesterday I went to a birthday get together and the reception I got from my grandkids makes life worth living so sweet !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and people who create it , and surround yourself with people who make you laugh so hard that you forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy . Repost if you agree 
This shift is starting to catch up to me , I am out of bed but not quit awake and ready for a day off already life is good though !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
DON’T FORGET THE RAFT TRIP IS THIS SATURDAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! \ 
WHERE ; RIVER DRIFTERS , JUST PAST THE HUSAM GOLF CORSE ON THE RIGHT WHEN 9am please be on time .. Don’t be a glum lot lets have some fun . 
life can be so very good when I can just be in the moment ! not in yesterday or tomarrow . Just enjoy the moment and smile !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
We have children going to bed without eating ... Elderly going without \ 
needed medicines ... Mentally ill without treatment ... Troops without \ 
proper equipment ... Yet we donate millions to other countries before \ 
helping our own first ... 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts \ 
to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ? 
nothing in life worth a damm is ever easy , but damm well worth it if we do the next right thing ...... I do not remember who said this but how true ................. 
I feel as though I am at peace with my life my world my God it has been a long time all is good I feel alive and have a < PROPFEMALE > to keep living .... an awsome feeling of life .................... 
If I had the power to control things in my life witch I do not ... Today I would change nothing except maybe not have to go to work ................................. 
Life is like an adventure , if I don’t live the adventure who knows what I may miss I try to put one foot in front of the other and see where it will take me I try not to run or walk backward .. All I can do is to try to be the best man today that I can be and believe it is the next right thing .. 
Now that I have got off my lazy ass and went and got some of David’s coffee sitting back sipping on a cup life is good .. 
I so don't want to go to work tonight and can't wait for this shit shift to end !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can't sleep and copnfused to dam much thinking 
Life can be so good and happy if I can just accept it without putting expectaions and crazy rules . I have been very happy latley 
This picture represents how I feel some times , does anyone else ever feel like a turkey and not know why ? 
No one knows what tomarrow will bring . If I am to afraid to take a < PROPMALE > and live I will never know . So I chose to take to < PROPMALE > and see 
simple things in life really seem to just amaze me now a days like getting a text message can completly change how i feel wow .......................................... 
this thing between my ears makes me question life even when it is great why oh why do i let it my life is great i know that yet if i allow it i start to think it is not why oh why ...... 
My life at the moment is so wonderfull it seems like a dream and i dont want to wake up so glad it is real .................................................... 
Okay I went ahead and went to the doc to check out my knee and he < PROPMALE > me to quit whinning and get my ass to work all is good 
I am having dinner with my lovely daughter and my happy grandkids life is good 
I am feeling lazy today and dont want to go to work sometimes I wish I was in control , But then I would screw it up huh ............................................ 
Work was not so bad today . I do have a wonderful life when I can realize it . 
dam I tried to cross the bridge and there is some kinda wreck and no go maybe later huh ............ 
I am a little lost wanting to be with someone to support them through some of lifes tuff times but am stuck trying to support from a distance and feeling a bit usless ......... 
Life is good 
nights are not long enough and morning comes to soon another day to work i go wishing I could just take a day off and just < PROPFEMALE > ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
Wow what a bad start for this year at work . Two computors crash half the plant down pissed off people everwhere 
Saturday at \ 
\ 
Saturday and I am at work blaaa ! It is not going so bad today though . In my head I am not really here I am somewhere else !!! 
I feel so powerless and sad when someone I care so deeply for hurts and I can do nothing but hold her and wipe her tears and hope I am enough it makes me sad 
Today I can feel and know my feelings I just can't control them they are real though this I know 
it has been a long day inside my head all fear baced fear of not being good enough or not getting what i want or just afraid ... God < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change and the currage to change the things i can and the wisdom to know the differance .... acceptance is not easy for me ... 
Angree the more I think the mader I get . This goes to whoever is watching me and reporting to my ex in prison as to where and what I do ask me I am not hidding 
I am all good I had to deal with people watching and lieing about me for 27 years this just brought back a flood of feelings I don't need life is good 
Dam it feels good to let go of things and live in the now !!!!!!!!! 
I live a wonderful life and God has surrounded me with the most wondverful people !!!!! 
I have been helping a very dear friend set up her house after moving it has been a lot of work the look on her face and seeing her so happy is so worth it 
home alone dont seem right , what the hell it is life ... 
Lunch time I was not sure I was going to make it hungry 
Well here it is Thursday and for a short week it sure seems long 
wow it was a long day and a late night work is over for today back at it at 6am in the morning days like this tell me i should have stayed in school .............. 
Today makes two years clean and sober for me thank you all for your help and support could not have done it without all of you !!!!!!!! 
well here it is Saturday and most people are enjoying this weekend have fun . i am off to work ..................... 
Monday 
Life is good when I get the f -- k out of the way . I wish I could quit making things complicated when they are so easy . Just live it not try to control it . 
It seems that I should rethink my eating habits bowl of cereal for dinner and thinking that ice cream sounds good now 
off to work . when will sunday come ? not soon enough for me ...... 
I am finding that trying to live up to someones elses expectaions I fail . Is it me or do they keep moving the bar higher and higher ? 
I am feeling confused and alone not a good way for me ............................... 
Accepting life on life's terms is not one of my one of my strong points 
How is it that I always manage to hurt or run away the ones I care about the most being me really sucks 
i had to go up to my property today wow how i did not want to go it went ok grabed what i was after and gone someday somehow i need to deal with it .................... 
Life is good really good to me .. I have to remind myself once in a while to take a look and see where i really am at ,,,,,,,,,,, 
Wet rainy day's are here where did summer go ? I already miss it \!!!!" 
Love so desired by so many of us . . yet the pain that goes with it can drive one insane .......... 
I feel great had the most relaxing day Sunday something I have needed life is good ... 
I'm feeling good but dam lazy today . ... 
Gonna have dinner with my kids and grandkids tonight life is good ............. 
This dam cold is trying to take me out of the game . but I'm not giving in at least I don't think I am ....... 
Friday and it looks like I get a weekend for a change no work for sat i will be lost but loving it ...... 
Well as it turns out no day off for me at least I will get the afternoon off better than working all day . ... 
I got my to do list done in 4 hrs now hair cut and who knows ..................... 
I am bored out of my f -- king mind duuuuuuuuuuu 
I feel as tho I am always reaching for something I can touch it but can never quite get ahold of it just at the tip of my fingers never in my hand . ..... 
I hate feeling something is just not right . But can't figure out what is wrong . Makes me feel like square < PROPFEMALE > in a round hole . I'm the misfit today .. 
A unwanted unloved child will grow up feeling unwanted & unloved as an adult . Starting a seach for something they may never feel . From the diary of an addict . 
It seems I had got lost trying to prove myself worthy insteed of being myself . I am me and that is all I can be . I am trying to learn to fit in my own < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPMALE > said for every action there is a reaction . . I and only I chose my reaction ......... 
I always think I need to know what is going to happen . What is the plan ? where am I , what am I , what is going to happen next . I am learning slowly that the best things in my life were never planed they just happened . I am starting to like not knowing what is going to happen .!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I went to Cascade Locks this morning sit with some friends wishing they could ride some are healing from various things in life and cannot . The only thing stopping me is me , so I have rain gear and I am gonna ride 
WHAT THE FUCK 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN : \I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > and to the republic for which it stands ; one nation under God indivisible with < PROPFEMALE > and justice for all . \ " I grew up reciting this every morning in school ; it is a shame we no longer do ... that for fear of offending someone . Let's see .. how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this and not care about offending anyone " 
life is good could be better but is goods had my thinking twisted for a bit all is good now ........................ 
hell i got up @ 2am went to work got done what needed done out by 7 all for a day off probably end up crashing mid day 
??????????????? ___ !!!!!!!! ---- ( : 0) ->+= ??????? 
29 years ago today I married who I thought was the love of my life as it turned out she was the worst nightmare I ever had all but destroyed . Two years ago I started trying to repair me and what was left of me . WTF right just memories now !!!!!!!!! 
Monday ;-( 
??? ('-)- %&#@ !!!!!!???? D ... 
well i stoped in hood river tonight for maybe fie to eight minutes and got fifteen dollar ticket huh what luck .................... 
I hate this my alarm is going to go off in 4 hours and I cant go to sleep damit !!!!!!!!! 
I am tired but done with work until Monday as long as the blip blip phone don't ring .... 
I think I'm gonna go to the library on the dalles 6:00 tonight 
Life brings happyness and it brings tears or does the tears bring happyness . When the pain gets bad enough then and only then do I realize I am not in charge and I rarely get what I want but I do get what I need . 
wow check this out last friday I got a parking ticket for 15 dollars I was complaining to the store owner and they can take your ticket with a bussness card 1 dollar take care of it for you not bad one < PROPMALE > ... i just thought people might want to know this !!!!! 
so if TGIF means thank god its friday ,, does that mean SHIT means SURE HAPPY ITS TUSDAY ??????? 
Well let me see started strange today wtf it is Friday tho all is good !! 
oh shit no more ice cream I guess I will just go back to bed to late for a run to the store ... 
Thinks its time to pull my head out of my ass .. put it back on my sholders pull myself back togather and live this life I have been given to its fullest !!!! 
gonna have some coffee then head to Cascade Locks for breakfeast have a great day all .... For any that may not have got the word Service is at Marry B . house @ 2 : pm today for < PROPMALE > may he rest in peace ... 
how do I get thro to those I love they do not have to destroy them selves , and why do I have to watch I dont want to see anymore but I cant live with my eyes closed ... 
Hey all I have two tickets to the dinner Saturday night FREE to anyone who wants give me a call !!!!!!!!! 
I think I finaly figured out the secert of life .... If you dont give a shit and dont let anyone in you cant get hurt ever again ............... 
How does someone send you a message on Facebook without showing who they are ? I just got one ! 
I want to fly but I am afraid of falling I want to live but I am afraid of life I want to love but I am afraid of the pain I want to die but I am kinda afraid of what might be on the other side choices choices choices ?????? 
I want to walk in the sand feel the sea breaze in my face I have never went alone wtf I am Im gonna try it .............. 
Right on I brought pillows and sleeping bag just in case got a room tho right on the beach 
it was a good trip much needed to clear the cob webs out of my head not saying it is clean just no webs to get cought in .... 
Today is the day after yesterday the day before tomorrow but dam it is still Monday 
I am just wondering if anyone else is getting these messages on face book that just say hello and when i open the mail there is a pic of a naked chic with a name and a photo ?????? not that I mind looking at a pic of a naked chic but I cant figure this out ???? 
I feel sometimes that I need a pressure release valve in my head . It would be a safe way to blow off steam ! !!!!! 
?????????????????? 
The fredom we enjoy in this country was far from free it had a huge price !!!!!!! 
Moments in time some wonderful some sad They are only moments in time they all pass as a beautiful sunrise turns to night . Night turns to another sunrise 
The only sure path is to live consciously , moment to moment , as you let go of the outcome . \ 
No preconceived ideas of what will or may happen , what will happen , will happen . What is , is . What will be , will be easer said than done but it is my goal 
Freedom begins , when you get out of the cage you built . Forgivness and acceptance isn't given just to others . It is something you have to give to yourself ,,,,,, 
I hope everyone ate to much and had a great day \!!!\"\"\"\"" 
Wow too much wasabi on my sushi 
Snowing hard this morning . ........ 
super deal at starbucks tonight buy one pound get second for free !!!!!!!!! 
everyone i know is watching football today i frecking hate football nothing to do blaaaaa !!!!!!!!!!!! 
: * :) :P \ 
I sent you a smiley ! Want to see it ? http://www.facebook.com/apps/application.php?id=116318625062183&v=app_4949752878&partner=ZNzfb008_ZZ 
Today is my baby girls birthday no longer is she a baby . I never would have dreamed holding her back then that she would be such a woman that she is today I love you < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wow I just got a phone call from my cousin 70 degrees today that is enough to make me really home sick !!!!!!!!! 
Will you all be willing to donate your status for just a few minutes to say THANKS to a fallen < PROPFEMALE > who's just passed away while serving our country ?! USMC Cpl . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . He died Dec 6 while serving in Afghanistan and leaves behind a wife and a newborn son named in his honor , who was born approx . 24 hours after news of his death . Thank you . copy and repost this please 
Blah I dont want to cook and dont really want to out for food what to do hummmmmm 
dont want to go to work but cant get out of it blah ...... 
feeling like a dumd ass I just threw my jeans in the wash with all my cash in the pocket \ 
so I guess i am guilty of money laundring shitttttttttttttttttttt 
dam it dam it dam it sometimes life just dont seem fair ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
I am Just feeling kinda down today and for no reason duuuuuh , ,,,,,,,, 
nite all ,,,,,,,,, 
Going to my grandkids BIRTHDAY party ! !!!!!!! 
well everyone that wanted the snow the shit is here ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
Does anyone know the nice guy . He is the one over in the corner alone yeah the one everyone is calling a fool , the one always getting his heart broke and his wallet emptyed , everyone likes him but no one wants to < PROPFEMALE > with , people think he dont hear the talk behind his back he does he is not a fool yes he gets used he knows it he hears the jokes . 
I have lived so much of my life for other people now I have the choice to live my life for me and I dont have a clue what I want to do with it ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
Well hell the time is almost here . Daddys little girl which isnt a little girl ant more is gonna be moving and even tho it is not that far away , 6 hour drive seems a really long way , seeing that she has never been more than 30 < PROPFEMALE > . away from me since she was born . I did'nt realize how much it would bother me ...... 
What was never to be never will what is to be will .......... 
Just so everyone knows my phone is whacked the only to hear a call is in my car on blue tooth . if you want to get ahold of me texting works until Tusday get new one .. 
A friend gave me this quote the other day ( a man without hope perishes ) I take that as , don’t be afraid to dream and have hope for better days 
I just steped out side for a smoke the < PROPFEMALE > tower at the old bank here in White Salmon was chiming the tune little lord jesus .. kinda cool .. 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRIST TO EACH AND EVERONE OF YOU OUT THERE ,,, Please remember it is not what you get from under the tree ,, it is from the persons heart that put it there that its all about ......... 
My wish for Christmas , if only I could give to myself . To put away the pain stop the tears , to step out into life without a fake smile and be able to live life happy once again . If only I could give to myself .. 
The last few years my life has been shattered and I have been scrambling trying to gather all the pieces and put it back together , I cant , I have to let go somehow and start a new this I know finding the courage to do it ???? 
Starbucks has this egg nog latte sounds uuh but if you have not tried its great ,,, 
I am thinking that the ride Sunday in the cold rain was a bad idea , not feeling good at all today , should have left the bike in the garage duuuuuuuu 
Ok I got a new phone now maybe I can hear when people talk to me not saying that I will listen just that I can hear what you saying hehehe .... 
the sun is shining here it looks so good . . cold tho . .. 
2010 in passing I say good bye , I had some treasured memories and some happy days this past year . It does seem in looking back today that there were more sad days than happy days . So my wish for the new year is more happy days and less sad days .. HELLO 2011 BE GOOD TO ME 
Ok my bike is somewhat clean full of fuel and ready for tomarrow ,, when I went to get feul it is f ing cold out so tomarrow will be full face full gear for sure :) 
ok my corn beef is finaly done time to eat .. really 4 hours too cook tho .. no wonder i thro hot dogs in the microwave for dinner ... 
Mmmm a big bowl tillamook old fashioned vanilla ice cream slathered with chocolate syrup . NM good yes I am enjoying it 
Dam sitting in my car with heated seat on got all warm and fell asleep now I don't want to work ! !!! 
Woe Arkansas Razorbacks made sugar bowl against Ohio St. This is the first bowl game for them since the 70s thanks Cuzin for telling me about the game ! !!!!!! 
Let's see how creative my FB friends are . Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of ** YOUR FIRST ** Name . It can only be 1 word . Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you . Don't just post a word & not copy , that's no fun . 
A dog will love you more than a wife ,,, if you don’t believe me lock them both in the trunk of your car for an hour and see witch one is happy to see you 
This poke thing on here I am not sure what the heck it is ,, it keeps poping up and I keep poking back does anyone feel me poking them hehehe 
YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . IT'S SON'S WEEK ..... IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS . love you < PROPMALE > 
New discovery if you put your coffee in the microwave until it is so hot you cant possibly drink it add one scup vanilla ice cream dam good coffee and ready to drink !!!!!!!! 
I keep having problems with this router and can't get logged onto the internet gerrr 
It seems I have lived my entire life in hopes of tomorrow . Thinking if I can just get through today tomorrow will be better . I am learning tomorrow never comes 
gotta work in the morning blaaaaa nite all ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
wow they have put a flood warning up that the Klicitat river will rise over hiway 142 in several places it is not supposed to start going down until Tusday here we go again ,,,,,,,, 
Ok no more whinning about my dirty ass apartment ,, It is amazing tho what a guy can find when he cleans he place ,, like a pool table .. a chair ,, a sofa ,, and cloths that I trhought some one had stollen a long time ago .. hehehe 
ok I cannot cook for one person so if your hungry I got a killer pot of beef stew and corn bread if no one helps I will be eating it for a week !!!!! 
Kids with special needs aren't from another planet or to be stared at . They only want what everyone wants - to be accepted . Can I make a request , Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is special education week and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way . You never understand a situation until you are faced with it ...! This is so true ! 
I apologize to those of you who have tried to chat with me . . I am not ignoring you my phone shows I am available for chat and I forget to turn it off sorry 
Hmm thinking I gonna get out my bike while it is warm and ride up Underwood tonight 
Win a FREE STAY in a RIVERVIEW ROOM , with DINNER FOR TWO , & TWO SKI LIFT TICKETS TO MT . HOOD MEADOWS at the Best Western Hood River Inn & Riverside restaurant ! To enter , just ‘Like’ us on Facebook , click ‘Like’ on this post on the BW < PROPFEMALE > , and then post this contest link to your profile . One winner will be picked on February 7th ( hotel dates subject to availability ) and notified via Facebook . Good luck ! 
I stole this from a friends < PROPFEMALE > . I found it interesting . \ 
This year we will experience 4 unusual dates .... 1/1/11 , 1/11/11 , 11/1/11 , 11/11/11 ......... NOW go figure this out .... take the last 2 digits of the year you were born plus the age you will be this year = 111 ! 
ok made a mess of the kitchen but worth it seafood fettuccine with < PROPMALE > sause any takers its good !!!! 
Copy this and paste it in your status if you know someone , or have heard of someone who knows someone . If you don't know anyone , or even if you've heard of someone who doesn't know anyone , then do still copy this . It's important to spread the message . Oh and the hearts ? ? ? ... for crap's sake don't forget the hearts !? ? 
Do any of us really know everybody on our friends list ? Here is a task for you . Comment on this status about how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . ( this can be interesting ) 
one thing good about living alone when I decide to have cherios for dinner there is no one over there going yak yak yak yak yak ,,,,, 
well gonna see who shows going for a ride this morning to Cascade Locks hope its not to cold .............,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
DAM there was this hair in my ear I know it was not there yesterday ,, fastest growing thing in the world it was conected and about two inches long ,, how does this happen ??? 
Kentucky just passed the best law ever . To be on Foodstamps , Medicade , or Cash Assistance on your Children or yourself You have to pass a DRUG Test . Now every other state should do the same . If you agree repost ( and you should have to be an American citizen ) sorry added that one myself lol 
the see who viewed your profile dont use it its a scam and i did not send to anyone it is doing it not me ,,,,,,,,, 
ahh need sleep ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
Is not perfect but sometimes has fun making mistakes ,,, if I were perfect like I sometimes think I should be think of what I would have missed !!!!!!! 
I am who I am today ,, Not who I was yeasterday , or who I will be tomorrow , I am me right here , right now today just as I am , As is everyone else , I dont judge someone for there past or hope for who or what they will be tomorrow , I ask the same for me !!!!!! 
???????????????????? ugh ?????????????? na !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
dam I hate it when I have an argument with myself and lose ,, and I will not appoligize the end !!! 
I'm a little boy with glasses , the one they call a geek ; a little girl who never smiles cause I've got braces on my teeth . I'm that kid on every playground who is always chosen last ; you don't have to be my friend , but is it too much to ask : don't laugh at me , don't call me names , don't get your pleasure from my pain ? In God's eyes we're all the same . REPOST for bully awareness 
I think it is Starbucks time once again lol ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
I love getting in my car with some Tesla on crank it up to about 50 feel the music go through me step on the throttle and hope I don't see those blue in rear ve 
so break me down if it makes you feel right , and hate me now if it keeps you alright because I am so mush more than meets the eye ,,,, 
No one ever said life would be easy . Did they . Maybe if I had listened just maybe I would have not made it so hard either .. 
Some days I would like to just say FUCK IT ,,,, cant do that can I ,,,, 
Half time show sucks 
I droped off my car at the body shop to get some scraches taken car of and they give me this ford focus to drive ,, now I know why I dont buy usa cars ,, sorry folks but this car is a dog ,, 
Starbucks time again !!! gonna meet up with my niece , havent seen her in a few years :-) 
Prayer request from a facebook friend ... \ 
Audrin < PROPMALE > and her family . Her two year old daughter was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you don't know her , God knows ...... Please post this to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer for that little girl .... The power of prayer speaks volumes . Please and God ... bless you for doing this . 
Single awareness day February 14 
Waiting for laundry to dry is watching paint dry ,,,,,,, 
I have had a great evening cooked up a pot of spaghetti and my son < PROPMALE > came and had dinner and < PROPMALE > out all is good :-) 
I have had enough work for the week calling it weekend now !!! three and a half days ,,, I guess I better be good that much time could find myself in trouble ,, naaaa : 0 ) 
-If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
-If you think im a good friend , like this status . \ 
-If you have ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
-If you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
-If you're not scared , post this as your status . 
gonna go have some fun today ,,,,,,,, 
If you body matches what your eyes can do you will probably move right through me . . I want to make You move . . love this song 
Tomorrow , Facebook will change its privacy settings to allow zombies to come into your house while you sleep and eat your brains with a sharpened spoon . To prevent this from happening , go to Account > Home Invasion Settings > Cannibalism > Brains , and unclick the \Tasty\ " box . Please repost ! " 
tired today to dam much driving ,, ready for a nap ,,, 
Sometimes I miss my kids running around the house being a real pain in the ass oh how I miss it ,, but they are good they are safe and I hope happy ,, love hurts sometimes and then it can be such a joy also !!!! 
I am afraid ,, of missing something ,, of getting what I want ,, afraid of taking the < PROPMALE > ,, I have to fight the fear I have to take the < PROPMALE > to be me take the < PROPMALE > to be accepted as me for who I am no more no less . 
life is good : -) 
I don't want to get out of my car and go back to work finally got warm seat heater on high and heat on < PROPMALE > hot . .. 
I am putting my hand into the fire to see if it will burn , lets see where faith takes me . I am a dreamer yes but dreams with no action never come true !!! 
spinning -- spinning -- spinning -- spinning !!!!!!! 
Reality sucks ,, happiness is but a dream ,, I will not accept this ,, I will keep my dreams !!!! 
life is good today I beleive I am on the right path and I hope my path turns into a freeway ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
I feel as tho I worked my efing ass off today really I didnt ,, oh well calling it a night <3<3 to all gnite 
This damn phone that they gave me for a replacement for my Droid has so many problems . I cannot recive text messages from some people yet I can from others 
Oh I could so use a nap right about now zzzzzzz 
OK I finally got my new phone I'm back lol 
Ooh ooh my espresso is done ahhhh good coffee ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , and Chauncy Mays 25 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this status . 
???? Why do I always want to know why ? ???????? 
I have come to realize that simple minded people have the simplest life . . Nothing maters to them except what is in there face . .... 
Dam router effing up again so can't play on the net . . its amazing how I get spoilt to technology 
There is a bunch of bumper sticker things going out there I did not send this shit ! !! \\"!!!!!!\"!!!!" 
Smiling today there are so many good things and people in my life today I cant keep from just smiling ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
So the U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right , under the First Amendment , to protest military funerals ... I wish you would start your protest in my front yard , then we can see if your First Amendment is better than my Second Amendment ... repost if u agree 
ok enough of me with me to much back talk gonna have to kick my own ass ,,, 
I am at peace ,, and I am alive ,, I never thought that was possible !!!!!!! 
Uncharted territory , the unknown , what it will bring , where will we go from here , space the final frontere , is between my ears ,,,,,, 
What happens to questions that have no answers . Like when did humans become . I think we just make up shit for answers . ..... 
ok i put up a post earlier that was misunderstood by many people sorry maybe what i should have said is I am getting tired of not being able to get my devorce finished so i can move foward in my life and despose of a house and property that i am tired of going further in debt over that i do not want or need , its < PROPMALE > getting old three years is to long i am ready for an end any end ..... 
A creature walks this earth it has eight legs smaller than a dime it make a persons skin crawl create night mares . It is amazing the power we humans give FEAR . 
I've been thinking of a dog chasing a car his life is perfect he is happy just chasing the car then it stops he cought it . Now he is lost doesn't know what to d 
OMG !!! I just realized .... We sit and stare at a screen .... We have imaginary farms , cities and fake animals . We poke people and it's ok ....... OMG we even write on walls . Think about it .... Facebook is a mental hospital .... and we are all patients .... No wonder we are all so happy here !!! Feel free to steal ... I did !! 
To all those who do and want to judge me . . I < PROPFEMALE > my own cross I do not ask no one to follow me or to help < PROPFEMALE > it . . My sins are forgiven by GOD not you !!!! 
???????????????? ??? ?????????????????????? \ 
? If you have a gorgeous daughter , put this as your status ? \ 
????????????????? ??? ?????????????????????? 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along .... 
Is it lucky when a police oficer stops you and gives you a ticket that is less than half what it could have been ,, its like the cup half full half emty thing ,, 
I try to run away from myself and I am always there , yet I try to find myself and I am no where to be found , whewwwwwwww 
Live love and be HAPPY 
I have this fantasy of true love will I ever find it I don't know but it is a sweet fantasy ; 0 ) 
A few weeks ago Iseah was diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome ( high functioning autism ) . Even though I knew it was coming it has still been a difficult thing to accept . We are working with a great team of Doctors at Children's Hospital to form a treatment plan . We are asking for support and help from friends and family in the way of hugs , chocolate , and legos , prayers please .. 
People tell me to keep it simple , I cannot because life is not simple , example today I took a day off work gave up a days wages to argue a debt that was less than the wages I gave up , point is I am unwilling to accept responsibility for someone else’s mistake . It would be simple to just write the check I cannot do that . 
Such a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > day without wind I want to ride but gotta work just goes to should ya don't always get what ya want . Life is good tho !!! 
so who was it that said being single was not that much fun , here it is Friday night and I am having a blast doing laundry oh yeah lots of fun ,, I have also been known to lie once in a while ,, 
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses , wiser beacuse I have learned from mistakes I have made , I laugh more often because I have known sadness ,,,,,,,,, 
Two wrongs dont make a right ,,, 
I dont do well without sleep I hope today goes well ,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 
