glad he doesn't have a pacemaker right now ... all my technology is breaking today 

is officially livin in kansas 
has enjoyed the worst breakfast of his life and a mild flood walking back to the dorms from class , but enjoying it all 
is wondering how much trouble he'd get into for throwing something at his personal finance teacher 
is in the ozarks for the weekend 
really thinks johny appleseed hadn't skipped kansas . considering the desperate need for any type of wind blockers 
Really thinks johny appleseed shouldn't have skipped kansas . We need more wind blockers 
is having a perfect day and night . 
well lets see what happens . 
to all my facebook farm people . i need presents lol 
thanks everyone for the bday wishes . miss you all lol 
its obvious you don't understand what it takes to make an idiot like me into a man 
believes the album lateralus is pure genius in nearly every form of the word . period . 
has decided that the majority of < PROPFEMALE > has Alzheimer's . After hearing so many people complaining about Obama after 8 years of < PROPFIRST > Bush that has to be the case . 
believes the lyrics to what I've done by linkin park is actual an apology for completly ruining one of the best bands ever . 
I believe avoiding what the majority of people do for the sake of being different is no different than those who do whatever the majority does for the sake of fitting it . True creativity spawns from defining yourself . 
Has noticed my fiance sounds like my cat occasionally . Makes me miss home . 
wants to go do something . any ideas ? 
R . I . P Topeka KS , Welcome Google . 
Can't wait for this semester to be over with . Too much to do , so little time . And looking forward to Europe , a few road trips , and even next semester's class line up . 
Dear ESU dorm residents , for your annoyance we have scheduled false fire alarms in every dorm complex the week before finals . Hope your stay has been as unpleasent as possible . Have a nice and safe summer . 
I'll be the one to protect you from , your enemies and your choices son , are one in the same I must isolate you . Isolate and save you from yourself .... 
Had a great night with my awesome fiance . Even though she's a little ' different ' lol 
All I have left to accomplish for this semester is to pack up and move home . Looking forward to bless my family and friends with my newly educated yet ignorant pressence . Europe will be nice as well . :) 
goodbye < PROPMALE > and the rest of southern missouri . hello empo 
failed attempt at b and g . flavor was great but no consistency . tomorrow we'll try again . till then i am thankful for frozen pizza 
is under the impression that < PROPFEMALE > really wamts chinese food . she good at subtle hints 
looking for public opinion . for or against slant rhymes ? ( words that dont actually rhyme but sound like it anyways ) . 
been waking up 30 minutes to an hour earlier every morning since i've moved in . won't be long till i reach full insomnia 
fixin a gormet dinner of < PROPMALE > n cheese and some hotdogs then xbox time . woot 
bout to go look for some on campus jobs . this whole not having any income is too stressful . ugh 
finally has internetz . apparently att didn't even start sending us dsl until today . o well . as long as it continues to work i'm satisfied . 
ah , upper level classes . get to enjoy my first reading about a woman's affair with a bull . guess i'm preparing to teach in mexico . o well . 
Hi 
\Doubt is an uneasy and dissatisfied state from which we struggle to free ourselves and pass into the state of belief . \"" 
two tests , a 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper/test over plato , then a 8 hour drive home . fun week . but i'm sure it'll end well 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VtTzI69hvw 
\Why did < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > have to die ? He totally could have handled this whole < PROPFIRST > Bieber situation . \"" 
Well no computer for a week or two . woot . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJq4jWSQNd8 
has been way to lazy thus far today . guess i'm in my xmas break mood already . too much homework to do though . 
Please\ 
put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to \ 
someone)who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable \ 
and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't \ 
copy and paste this because they have already been eaten by dragons , 6% \ 
of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire ... extinguishers , \ 
and the remaining 1% are awesome and will repost this . 
Enjoyed seeing everyone but glad to be back home with my baby . Soon as I finish this drive that is 
Click '' like '' on my status , I'll tell you : 1 . Something new I've learned about you after looking at your Facebook wall . 2 . The color you make me think of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Something I have always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a nickname . 8 . Something I think we should do together . 9 . Ask you to post this little game as your status . 
One must constantly challenge and push oneself in all aspects of life . Push your mind to the limits . Forgive the ones who have harmed you most . Challenge yourself in every aspect of life and you reach new heights . When anything becomes easy or stagnant in life , it is impossible to improve oneself . 
true test of < PROPFEMALE > , skill ( and too much procrastination ) , defeat the game qwop . look it up . 
Another paper down for better or worse . One step closer to the end of another semester . 
I've written at least 100 pages this semester . 20 more and I'm done with two classes . 
My right eyeball is twitching . Like literally twitching . So awkward and annoying , especially when I'm just trying to finish my last two papers for my classes so I can enjoy my xmas break . 
peaceful time at home in a quiet little town . clear skies , no traffic and hours of singing hamburgers . 
anyone interested in buying a brand new ps3 ? 160g hard drive , 2 controllers and a game included 
just got done helpin my neighbors push their car out of the parking lot . hate the weather but at least i wasn't the person next to me who slipped and smashed their face on the bumper ... 
