You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment you must copy and paste this as your status . Come on and play 

IF YOU ARE BRAVE .... Copy this into your status and see what people rate you ~ ~ 1 . Crazy 2 . I'd marry you 3 . Talkative 4 . Sassy 5 . Lovable 6 . Too nice 7 . Moody 8 . Sexy 9 . Spoiled 10 . Mouthy 11 . Random 12 . Hot 13 . Funny 14 . Fit 15 . Amazing 16 . Beautiful 17 . Cute 19 . bubbly 20 . loyal ~ ~ 
Its one thing to mess with my mind but when you involve my two boys . That just aint right . 
life sure throws some unexpected curve balls sometimes 
I'll be your huckleberry . \ 
Ok now name the movie . 
Please send your thoughts and prayers to the family of the 7 year old little boy that went missing from his school friday morning . Hopefully , the authorities will bring him home safe and sound . I am only imagine the pain that the little boys parents are going through . 
5 more school days then the boys are on summer break 
People need to learn that if it doesnt involve them to keep their noses out of other peoples business . 
WooHoo !!!! Off to go get mynew phone I can't wait . 
Thank god for my dad . I wasn't able to get as many fireworks for the boys as I wanted to . But grandpa came to the rescue . Yeah for grandpa . 
Happy 4th everybody . Be safe and enjoy time with your friends and family . 
Sikeston 
Oh my god my kids are getting so big they are shooting weapons by themselves 
WTF some people just don't understand a single parents point of view . 
1 mom with 2 growing boys . What to do ? Oh what to do ? 
Love this heat ! Hope its here to stay for a while . 
Tired of waiting for the phone to ring 
As a parent I hope that they find whoever has or did something to Kyron and fry the person . Its tragic what's going on with the little boy . 
The most enjoyable experiences are often free . Especially if you have kids . 
Yummy ! Red Lobster for dinner someone loves me . 
I am finally 100% free from the past 
Woohoo shopping trip with Grandma today . Just her and I just like old times . 
Sometimes I think I miss my old life . Then I remember all the pain , hurt and sadness . And I < PROPFEMALE > screw that I am right where I need to be . 
Bored out of damn mind 
Nothin like watching lonesome dove to cure a bad case of boredom . 
Headed to my cousins wedding . OMG I am actually wearing a dress . Today is gonna be a long long day . 
When the people who matter most to you treat you like a second class person sometimes its really hard to look the otherway . Especially when its family . 
Seeing pictures of people I care about from the past brings up lots of emotions that are hard to deal with .. 
Life sucks someimes . It really sucks when you know what you want but can't have what you want . 
I am so confused he says he wants me and wants to be with me . But he's not sure when he wants it . How hurt can I get in one night . 
Love all this sun . It means shorts and bathing suits . Just if the tan would set in . Than things would be all good . 
Why does he do this ? 
Why does he say one thing than do the exact opposite . What does he really want ? 
After hope is gone than what happens ? 
Gonna take the boys to the zoo today . Pictures to come later . 
He's done it once again . What to do ? Oh , what should I do ? 
So much for planning something for my birthday . It seems like everyone has something more important to do . So maybe life will just fast forward till after my bd 
I think I am just gonna spend my birthday with my kids and call it good . Them telling me happy birthday is one of the best gifts I could ever get anyways . 
Just got about 150 new pics posted . Theres new pics of the boys in there . So if you haven't seen them for a while check them out . They are getting so big . 
I don't know where I stand with you . And I don't know what I mean to you . All I know is that when I think of you all I want is to be with you . 
Woohoo the weekend is almost here 
Got to chat to an old friend for a few minutes today . it sure felt good to talk to someone from a more enjoyable time . 
And the countdown is on . 6 days and counting . 
How many of us really know everybody on our Facebook friends list ? Here's a\ 
task for you . I want all my FB friends to comment on this status about \ 
how you met me . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do \ 
the same to you . You'll be amazed at the results you get . 
The countdowns on . 4 days to go . 
Some people are such cry babies . 
Konner just lost tooth number 3 . 
We have children going to bed without eating . \ 
Elderly going without needed meds . Mentally ill without treatment . \ 
Troops without proper equipment . Yet we donate millions to other \ 
countries without helping our own first . 99% of people on facebook won't\ 
have the guts to copy and ... repost ... this .!!!! WILL YOU ????? \ " , 201 0-0 9-03 14:15:35 " 
PROMISE TO MY KIDS : I will stalk you , freak out on you , lecture you , drive you crazy , be your nightmare , embarrass you in front of your friends , hunt you down like a bloodhound until the day you understand why I do it . Then I'll know you're a responsible adult . All because I love you . You ... will never find someone who ... loves and cares about you more than your MOM ! Copy and paste if you feel the same 
Thank you to all those who wished me a happy birthday . It means a lot . I love you all . 
Today is Konner's first day of school . I hope he has a good day . He's so excited . Good Luck today Konner-Bear . 
\To thine own self be true \"" 
Thank God for Dutch Brothers and their 911's 
Please keep all who died 9 years ago today and their families in your thoughts . 
Congrats go out to Kat and her pretty new baby girl Mia . 
loves to watch my children play when they don't know I'm watching . Seeing their imagination come to life before my eyes is truly something magical . 
Hell hath no fury like a mother who's children have been hurt by someone ... be warned 
Yummy nothing beats and Arby's beef n chedder curly fries and a side of chedder . 
Homeless go without eating ... Elderly go without needed medicines ... Mentally ill go without treatment ... Troops go without the proper equipment ... Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first !!! 99% of people on facebook won't have the guts to re-post . I HAVE THE GUTS LOL 
Well , went out for a little bit tonight but it was cut short due to certain people . but it was good to see < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . I 
21 laps is Konners grand total for the JOG-A-THON !!! Pretty damn good for a little man I think . 
It's a new day - a < PROPMALE > to make new friends or piss off a whole new group of people . It could go either way . 
I am a mama bear ... try to hurt my cubs and I will hunt you down and make you pay ! 
don't underestimate short people , they are stronger than they look . 
Looking back some choices are totally wrong . But now there's nothing that can be done . Just gotta ride it out until things can be fixed in a way thats best for everyone . 
Waiting till things calm down to figure things out . 
Mistakes have been made . Now all that's left is to try and fix things some how . That way this can be fixed so my two little men are not hurt by this in any way . 
Excuse me .... while I pretend to give a shit !!! 
Wow blast from the past . Gremlins is on . I haven't seen this is years . Good times good times . 
It's sad when a persons indirect actions hurt more than their words do . 
Wow finally done trick or treating with the boys . They made a good haul . Between the two of them they got almost 10 pounds worth of < PROPFEMALE > . 
Thank you to ALL of the veterans , past and present . Without their great love for this country none of our freedoms would not be possible . Thank you so much to all those who have died or given pieces of themselves for the freedoms that we have everyday . 
Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without the proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised to them !!! Yet we donate millions of dollars to other countries before helping our own first ! 1% will re-post and the 99% of people on Facebook won't have the guts to re-post 
Woohoo snow day for the kids . What to do today . 
Nothing like deer meat for dinner . Its so yummy . 
Happy Thanksgiving to all my friends and family on facebook . I am thankful for you all . 
The boys are staying with their grandpa tonight . Woohoo a free night . But got to get to bed early so I can hit the sales in the morning 
One store down two to go . 
It's gonna be a long afternoon . Way to long in fact . 
Sometimes you can tell a persons true feeling by the way they act with your children 
Oops !!! It just so happens that my give a damn is totally busted . 
Quack Quack Quack !!! Go green and yellow . 
All I can say is quack quack quack !!!!!! 
WFT !!!! The bus barn wants my 6 year old son to be on the bus in the morning for all most an hour . Thats way to long . They would pick him up at 730 and school don't start until 850 the bus would get to the school around 845 . Am i the only one who sees something wrong with this . 
Nothing like getting into the Christmas spirit like watching \Grandma got run over by a reindeer\ " and \ " The grinch who stole christmas \"." 
My thoughts go out to the people in Aumsville . People think think that tornados can't happen here but I guess today proves them wrong . 
If you have not lived my life , suffered my pain , enjoyed my happiness , walked my path , seen what i have seen , then you can't judge me or my pain . 
Don't mistake my kindness for weakness , my ability to look over things as ignorance - but make no mistake , when I've had enough , I'm done ! 
If its true that you are no better than the company to that you keep . I guess I am SCREWED !!!! 
Sad news !!! My plans for Christmas just went out the window . Sad cuz now I wont get to see my family on Christmas . 
Just made my first ever batch of fudge . Just waiting for it to set . I hope it to0urns out ok . But it will never be as good as my dads . 
Thank God the boys like good movies . We all watching \Dances With Wolves\ " on CMT . Such a good movie . " 
Konner just informed me that for Christmas he wants his two front teeth . So funny . 
Everyone is equal . Yeah right , that went out the damn window . 
If it weren't for my kids , I would totally skip Christmas . It's just way to much stress for me . 
Sometimes it's nice to live with someone who can't keep their mouth closed with a secret . You are able to find things befpre you totally make a fool out of yourself . 
Mele Kalikimaka and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! Hope every ones gets a good night sleep and are ready for tomorrow . 
The boys had a good Christmas . And that's what matters . Pictures to come . 
WTF Christmas was two days ago . Why is there Valentines Day stuff out already ? Can we get a break for once . 
We all live with the scars we choose , they might hurt like hell , but they all make us stronger . 
Migraines SUCK !!!!!!! 
2010 is about gone . Everything that happen in 2010 is done and over . Forgive and forget . Let bring 2011 in with a bang . Happy new year eveyone !!! 
All I can say is \QUACK QUACK !!!! \"" 
< PROPFIRST > won $30 at bingo at Konners school . He's so lucky . We all had a good time and that's what counts . 
Yummy !!! French dips a nice tall cold drink . A good start to a hopefully good night . 
some people are so full of crap . 
So people need to decide what they want . And either take it or quit whining . People can't wait forever . 
Finally home from the sportsmens show at the expo center . Good times . The boys had a blast . Saw lots I wanted but no cash today . The kids had a blast . 
Watching PBR with the boys . The way Konner acts I think I am in trouble when he gets older . I think he is gonna try and be an Iron Cowboy 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day to the best valentines ever . My two little men . They are the love of my life . 
10 years ago today the race world lost a legend . He is still badly missed . RIP < PROPFIRST > . NASCAR will never be the same without you . 
Snow day 
Pineapple 
OMG I can't believe that Konner is 7 years old today . It don't seem like it should be that long ago that I had him . He's growing up WAY to fast . Man this makes me feel really old . 
Yummy !! Old Chicago for dinner . Someone loves me . 
\Yesterday is history . Tomorrow is a mystery . And today ? Today is a gift . That's why we call it the present . \ " - Babatunde Olatunji " 
This nect school term is really gonna suck !!! 
Thoughts go out to all the people that the earthquake has affected . 
No power 60 mile per hour wind kids freakin out . Oh what fun . 
< PROPFIRST > with no power equal one giant headache 
We finally have power 
Wow just had my 7 year old get upset and start to cry because I was gonna turn the movie Lonesome Dove off . 
Wow !! Its hard to believe that my baby turns 5 today . He shouldn't be that old yet . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > !!! I love you ! 
Ok I have reached the point that I GIVEUP !!!!! 
Took the kids to wunderland tonight . They had a blast and that's what counts . I LOVE SEEING THEM SO HAPPY 
< PROPFIRST > Q = a movie all parents must watch . It shows just what parents will do for their kids . 
ONLY AN AUNTIE ~ can love like a mommy keeps secrets like a sister and behave like a friend !! If your an aunt that LOVES your nieces and nephews post this on you 
School , work , kids . Sleep what's that it sounds like something that would be nice to try . 
