I have to clean my floor , if I'm lucky perhaps I'll find buried tresure 

Floor still not clean , I found no tresure ether . 
The new Iron Maiden single is awesome . Only if August 16 didn't feel so far away . 
Has nothing interesting to say 
has evolved into Crazy Attic Guy ! 
can now actually claim he's finsihed writing his first story . Though there's likely a few typos I missed . Planning on sending copies to people . 
is going to a Meatloaf concert . 
Meatloaf concert was amazing . 
AT3 fianlly has a release date , though the spring of 2011 seems really far away . 
thinks I-tunes is a piece of shit 
On the day time died I made a bet with god . To have a new world filled with men , without the influence of god or the devil . When this < PROPFEMALE > ends who shall the world be ruled by ? The will of man , the devil , or shall this world once again fall into god’s hands thus continuing our never ending struggle . 
It’s not about changing the world , it’s about leaving it the way it is . To respect other’s opinions while believing in your own . 
new Iron Maiden album as expected is amazing . 
What we were , you are ; what we are , you will be : Danse Macabre 
shines were none other dare 
has unlocked an achievement . ( Rafted through the Delaware River ) 
currently the blight of all mankind 
now has over 3000 songs on his I-pod 
\Among the endless tragedies what on earth are you looking for ? \ 
destroyer of worlds and marshmallows 
will be channeling the inner powers of the writing gods . 
\The < PROPFIRST > of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a \ 
he who follows his own path . 
the lesser known space explorer . 
may be rewriting his first novel . 
has decided to try writing an entire short story in one night . This should be fun . 
a now shaven poison . 
is the most horrifying thing you'll ever run into on Halloween . 
had his wish granted by the Great Pumpkin . 
all the governors say the same thing . So if we switch bodies and put masks on them perhaps no one will realize . 
a parent's job is to teach their child common sense so that they will know and be ready to deal with the consequences of their actions . 
has not been to Oxford Town , but is going to New York . 
I am with name 
the lord of all that steam . 
I am the man for which no God waits\ 
And for which the whole world yearns . 
enjoying the wonders of the hedgehog dilemma 
44 pages , 21669 words , 3.23.28 length of soundtrack and I still have so much more to go . 
it's not the fact that it's Thanksgiving . It's the fact that it's snowing on Thanksgiving that matters :D Oh yeah Happy Thanksgiving . 
will be watching the most intense round of Hungry Hungry Hippos ever . 
tomorrow's forecast says they'll be a large < PROPMALE > of zombies . 
Neon < PROPFEMALE > Evangelion has to be one of the most influencing things I have ever watched . 
would prefer if governments solved there problems with a game of mahjong or something instead of the whole propaganda/war bullshit . 
has discovered a newfound hatrid for bleach . 
Second story part 2 of ? finsihed . 61 pages , 30649 words , shit ton of typos . Fake soundtrack 99 songs , 5:15:33 total time . Woooo yeah . 
sick 
updates for those who care . Still sick and worn out from finals . Story progress is as follows\ 
1 ) Opening Arc 100%\ 
2 ) Preparation Arc 100 %\ 
3 ) Retaliation Arc 50%\ 
4 ) Imitation Kyoto Arc\ 
5 ) City Arc\ 
6 ) Psychological Mind Rape Arc\ 
7 ) Epilogue 
Snowed in at New York playing Pokemon . 
is off raising an army of Pokemon to fight a war and take over the South Pole 
Taking over the South Pole is going well considering I have am army of mythological creatures . 
returned from New York , writing break ends Wednesday . 
Om mani padme hum 
Now that I finally remembered what the hell my myspace password was so I logged in and put it out of it's misery since nether I or any of my friends use it . Not to mention the home < PROPFEMALE > was a cluttered monstrosity . 
According to Japanese commercials 7-11 is somehow the most magical place in the world . 
There's yet another show about a bunch of highschool kids playing children's card games . Surprisingly it does not suck and hopefully the plot will stay free from something retarded like having the entire world < PROPFEMALE > in the balance , some guy trying to bring back his dead wife , and motorcycles . 
There are certain games that could use sequels , Final Fantasy XIII was not one of them . 
3/15/2011 . It will be epic . 
For just 20$ has become the lord of alchemy . 
I think facebook chat is conspiring against me . 
It's now certain , Facebook chat hates my guts . 
So if you meet me have some courtesy , have some sympathy , and some taste . \ 
Use all your well-learned politesse or Ill lay your soul to waste . 
I would like all my facebook friends to comment on this status about how you met me . \ 
BUT I WANT YOU TO LIE . \ 
That's right . Just make it up . After you comment , copy this to your status so I can do the same . 
They're finally releasing Tales Of Graces in North < PROPFEMALE > . 
Shall never do 4 days of Math homework in two hours again . 
I do not understand why every time I try to take a step towards not being an anti-social loser real life seems to punish me for it even though it's been made clear real life abhors the fact that I am an anti-social loser . Go figure . 
For some reason Facebook is being buggy and backboard does not want to work . YAY for default failing of two classes . 
Oh facebook when will you ever learn to stop changing things that don't need to be changed . 
All of my close friends are busy , and it is sad . 
Thanks to my Sociology class the fact that this country hasn't been hit with the cold wet towel of common sense is now slightly more obvious . 
Peel off the layers of the heaven everybody believes in and all you will find is the ugly rotting core of an apple . 
Just bought Silent Hill 2 and then found 20$ on the floor . So it's like I got a free video game , that aside tonight will be utterly horrifying . 
Has decided to never do an online class ever again 
It takes less than an hour to write about the media's response to abortion . However it is not often done while listening to Mayan based music . That being said I no longer have a reason to skip math class . 
Doesn’t understand why in a lot of shows the antagonist is some person/entity that seems have some irrational hatred against peace . 
defeated a fellow coworker in an umbrella swordfight today :D 
I find it absolutely outstanding how there's a whole bunch of people who are happy Japan got hit by an earthquake because of < PROPFEMALE > Harbor which happened 70 years ago . And I believe anyone under 45 who thinks that should be slapped in the face for being a complete moron . 
Books , oh god the books . 
Thinks whoever though making text really small in current gen video games should be shot in the foot . 
I find it funny how everybody is trying to make video games into an < PROPMALE > form and complaining about every sex joke ( and all others things related to sex and gore ) while < PROPMALE > Fleurs Du Mal has an American book award despite the fact that most of it is about sex . And we have that shitty movie Hostel too . 
