not at the table < PROPFIRST > ! 

mabye in one hour life does change , but i know im still going to be the same nerdy and strange kid , but it is a new decade :) 
2010 !!!!! 
It is 10 days , 4 hours , 50 minutes and 28 seconds until Tuesday , January 12 , 
is wondering when the real summer weather starts and the spring weather ends 
ninety eight percent of drivers hit ice on the road and say oh crap the other two percent are from indiana and say hold my beer and watch this 
if you watch the ring and get a phone call after it is finished does it scare you or do you pick up the phone and say wrong number 
is < PROPFIRST > holmes 
Ubi dubium ibi libertas 
poll- in a three ways brawl who would win in a fight < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , or god ? 
random thought about the show dog the bounty < PROPMALE > - if a non cop or law official looking like that came into my neighborhood someone would call the police on him , and i wonder if he in return could be put under a citizens arrest for impersonating an offic 
wonders what else lies in the future(after school ) , im ready for surprises and hopes for a good one . 
finally < PROPMALE > year , this time i want to stay busy 
well had a good time yesterday but not to self dont leave phone in pocket when you get in the pool 
halloween tonight hope its a good one im not into disapointing thrillers 
broke the east physics knuts stacking record with 34 ! 
one day life will call upon you to be strong either for yourself or a friend , will you be ready ? 
wow .... am . studies might keep me busy this year 
In the town where i was born , lived a man who sailed to sea , and he told us of his life in the land of submarines , so we sailed unto the sun , til we found the sea of green , and we lived beneath the waves , in our yellow submarine 
Christ you know it ain't easy , You know how hard it can be . The way things are going They're going to crucify me . 
All along the watchtower , Princes kept the view , While all the women came and went , Barefoot servants too , Outside in the cold distance A wildcat did growl Two riders were approaching And the wind began to howl 
is not attending matts play .... but good luck to all those envolved 
\what we've got here is a failure to communicate \"" 
\i will take the boy and teach him the ways of the heard\ " < PROPFEMALE>'s dad on family guy " 
vote for < PROPMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!? 
i found my dream job ........ walmart greeter :) 
i found the college fair interesting and insightful ... but a sight of blue was displeasing and oddly brought a lot of confusion to my thoughts 
huck finn projects + test over book - no one read it = bad 
wow my street is now a pool ...... even the guy from the county came to try and fix the problem and was ankle deep in water ..... 
what ever happened to ninja turtles , the used to be prett cool now they are just dumb akward cartoon animations 
works a booth at the expo tonight , could be cold , but no rain like last night so it should be busy 
Ninja assassin ! 
doesnt understand why people would race at midnight just to think there gettting a jump on black fri , only to find a crowd 
\its a doughnut full of m&ms so when your done you dont have to eat any M&Ms \"" 
< PROPFEMALE > trek was actually not that bad , but land of the lost is still my all time favorite movie 
LAND OF THE LOST ! (sorry my keyboard was stuck on < PROPFIRST > mays ) 
if i created a religion known as the way of the yoshi would you become a follower 
\dont make me get my dinosaur \"" 
i can use my < PROPFIRST > moore skills and expose this living social monster for what it truly has become- a passive agressive ebonics-slang trading network ........... 
i dont mind the snow .... not at all .... but the ice thats gonna come ..... not a fan 
ice .... it came ..... still not a fan 
now what to do ...... oh yeah time for the 5*5 rubiks cube ! 
2 HRs 27MIN 34SEC 5 by 5 solved it ............ eat on that snake(jake ) 
found it nice to open facebook and see a bunch of happy birthdays .... but email confirmed there were more .. interesting ???? but to all of those that did ... thank you ! 
grapes of wrath ...... so confusing , i get into the story then a scenery chapter throws me off , i feel more aware of whats going on when i watch lost lol 
\if i knew that my work would later lead to the creation of the atomic bomb i would have been a watchmaker\ " < PROPFIRST > Einstein " 
finally , i have seen the hurt locker and precious , next in line-avatar and up in the air ! 
finally a new pr 34.10 ! 
ok i have the intro down and almost done with the solo :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s project went well , way more people came than i thought ...... i guess i lost the bet lol . jk 
wow < PROPMALE > was right it is true , sexton was a singer in a band and his musics on myspace !!! lol 
tux ordered , crossage good , boot and ear ... check ... her dress from the awsome grandma check ... the best friend ... well of course :) , may 1 is only two weeks away 
beach balls , glow sticks , club music ...... man that wasnt prom , it was a straight up rave that was missin the red bull 
best american invention speech , culinary final review packet , ap physics exam monday ... and only twenty days of school left , who wouldnt be excited 
there , i changed the profile pic .... better to see some change ? 
ran the east 5k this morning ... and now i know why the hills are the first thing people hate about it 
eh , its a two mile run kinda night ... 
i hope nothing bad happens tonight , weeks been enough so lets hope it ends well ... 
found a good list of 5k races to choose from , now i got to see what gutjar recommends 
after next wednesday then its senior year , then one year later i graduate ... then ..... work til i die haha 
i love how during the senior paper toss one person throws grad party invitations lol 
( insert status here ) 
Finally got to see shutter island !!! it was very good 
thinks in the nba record book it should be in two categories- kobe vrs . MJ and the other players so < PROPFIRST > barkley can find something better to talk about lol 
< PROPMALE > swaim- think with your dipstick < PROPFIRST > ! 
i wonder what the bestfwiends up to ....... hmmmm 
hope the fahja ( dad ) is ok out in the weather i bet he got called in to work .... 
am i going to kings Island tomorrow with < PROPFIRST > Brown ? YOUR DARN RIGHT I AM !!!!!!!!!! 
had a great day yesterday !!!!! beast-6 invertex-1 other stuff- you know it !!! 
my dad and < PROPFIRST > were right ... i just didnt want to listen 
ok ... meghan was right :) left4dead was worth playing lol 
best two days of unplanned accidents that occur in a good way in the end ? well of course :) 
never in my life would i have thought i would see someone jmp not only high enough to touch the top of the backboard but high enough to kick the rim !!!! lol 
is of the living nature 
thank you father for telling me OJ was a bad idea , sprite works so much betterlol 
feeling so much better today , so is my sickie friend too lol off to make the best friends as good as i can .... may stop at home to pick up an extra contact since i woke up without one ha 
rawr ! thats all i have to say 
just found evidence that running barefoot is better for your joints than running with shoes ..... interesting 
thought of the day : when did springer get rid of the chairs and get a stripper pole , its not as good as it used to be ... sorry < PROPFIRST > but im gonna watch maury til your show stops sucking 
red dead redemption or batman arkham asylam ? 
left 4 dead 2 ! forget batman and red dead lol 
back to < PROPMALE > tnight 
senior year\ 
\ 
1- GOV , Buntin\ 
2-PRE CALC , Gratz\ 
3- English 12 , Vincent\ 
6-Sociology , Newland\ 
8-Personal Finance , Nading 
thank you < PROPFIRST > brown for helping me find a good tv show ...... ninja warrior is the better of the japanese gameshows 
i love it when you get a job and less than an hour later you get a call asking if you are interested to work for there company lol 
last weekend in morgantown for a good while , working 2-5 tomorrow 
new favorite show ..... cops ! i love watching crackheads get arrested 
i finally got to season two of supernatural ! 
one 5K down two to go 
season 2 of supernatural down 
season 2 = 900+ mins season 3 = 650 ? thats crap 
is there enough snow on my car ...... um its enough to make me want to speed then brake to see if it flies !!! 
you know what state you live in when all the little kids in your house can say \go colts \"" 
\qwop\ " is the hardest game i think ive played ever lol but it looks like < PROPFIRST > j fox running the mile so its enjoyable " 
mr pottorff \ if you had a million dollars what would you do with it\ " me\ " well .... i guess gamble \"" 
i bet the janitors got to take home ALOT of plado today ! 
i love how i work in the pets department and people ask me about IPads and phones , < PROPMALE > this is your job why am i doing it haha jk 
so yeah i turned on my xbox for the first time in three months and the second it went to live it gave me almost an estamatied hour of updates .... and i just wanted to play Left4Dead lol 
so i guess from now on when i go to work im in a different department 
so tomorrow when im legal i guess im buying a scatch off ticket ... if i win a million dollars welll ....... i guess i can gamble like i told mr. pottorff lol 
thank you everybody for the birthaday wishes :) 
you know its bad when the teachers paragraph criticizing your paragraph is bigger than the one you wrote 
mr. < PROPFIRST > can now officailly be a miner from the goldrush lol 
the cable guy . oh yeah 
off to that ... job 
too much that seventies show ? nah ill be ok 
I officially love this phone . 
\where is your fresh seafood department ? \ " What was I supposed to say to the guy lol " 
my moms cat learned a new trick ... attack my feet while i sleep if he wants food . thats on hungry cat 
< PROPFIRST > tosh has a point . Wee man should be an Olympic diver to raise attendance as well as awareness 
Oh no ! It's the weekend ... where is my gameboy 
Eight hours working au Walmart ... and I feel like I got nothing done 
I found my gameboy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) 
Watch that seventies show ? Sounds like a good idea to me 
I need to invent a hug machine , IDE make millions !!!! 
I remember last year when < PROPFIRST > wall said \we gonna win this cause it ain't no spelling bee\ " you know how if got his scholar ship " 
