happy new year !!!!!!!!!!! Please be safe everyone :) 

theres a black guy and a mexican ridin in a car .. Who's driving .. The cops lol . Happy new year everone ! 
hey ........... There's an app for that ..... Relax 
The pain of a moments time will forever be your forgiveness ... 
If we have chosen to live against the grain , then why are we all facing the same way ?? 
64 beers on the wall 64 bottls of beer ... passh them down ... uhh i forgot the rest 
if we all have chosen to live against the grain , then why are we all facing the same way ??? 
The contingencies , of another day , unraveles my senses 
We've built our confidence , \ 
On broken dreams now left for dead , \ 
Yet we've been condemned , \ 
To < PROPMALE > these dreams that never end ... 
I've had enough of the world\ 
and its people's mindless games . \ 
So pardon me while I burn\ 
and rise above the flame . \ 
Pardon me , pardon me ... \ 
I'll never be the same ! 
Insanity and Abnormality .... \ 
Careful what you call reality 
Until the 20th century , reality was everything humans could touch , smell , see , \ 
and hear . \ 
Since the inital publication of the charged electromagnetic spectrum , humans \ 
learned that what they can touch , smell , see , and hear ... is less than one \ 
millionth of reality ..... 
otep is the shit ... 
Do feal lucky ? i do ! 
wondering souls have captured my thoughts ... emptyness filled my mind ... 
I'm failing\ 
I'm angry\ 
Afraid of the ways\ 
They pretend to be us\ 
It's fucked up\ 
I'm different\ 
Words remain\ 
My only escape 
. 
Wondering ..... 
live is short , blink and you miss it ... live everyday like its your last 
I'm not afraid to bleed , but I will do it for you , a < PROPFEMALE > among the hypocrites , The < PROPFEMALE > of our time , \ 
So say goodbye to the world , We are the dead that walk the Earth\ 
Scream your lungs out , await for laughter , You don't have to wait forever , Here's the next disaster .... 
With that perfect breath where my mind lay beside me\ 
And all I knew is what had overtaken me . \ 
With no reason , I am comforted by inability to understand . 
We are all comatose . We are overfed and under ... undernourished , yearning for something more . \ 
Never starving yet never quite satisfied . Carnal but without useful flesh or mind . Yeah ... 
Enjoying my freedom .... 
i have traveled so far to find so little meaning in tragedy , or tragedy in the search for the meaning 
S - Son\ 
O - Ova\ 
B - Bitch\ 
E - Everything's\ 
R - Real 
these thoughts will < PROPFEMALE > me through the darkest nights .... 
No more are the days that I will Fear for I have found a strength that\ 
None can match and I'll push forward .... Never has the blood in my veins\ 
Flowed so fiercely as when I feel This around me , I am whole ... 
I want , to bring You , all that is in my heart . \ 
\ 
I want to give You , my everything . \ 
But I've failed You . I've failed You so many times . \ 
How can I stand here ? How can I stand here before You ? \ 
When I begin to steal , what only belongs to You . \ 
I am able to bring You nothing that isn't already Yours . 
Yay labor day ! i love three day weekends 
Things are starting to turn into the same ol shit ... SSDD :( 
Another day outta the way ... 2 more to go ... 
If life has thrown u a lemon then find someone whos life has thrown them vodka and have a party ! 
Another day at < PROPFEMALE > State University ... Gotta lot of work to do ... 
Fuck it ... 
Taking life one day at a time ... hurry up friday ! 
such a lazzzy day ... 
what have i learned .................... from yesterday ? 
Remove from me this deception , that i called love ,........ with its gears , that turn to make me feel , and assembled thoughts that fade away 
Hey what would it mean to you ? \ 
To know that it'll\ 
Come back around again .... \ 
Hey whatever it means to you , \ 
Know that everything\ 
Moves in circles 
Blah ..... 
Mannnn another day off .... Fuck i need the money . Maybe if i sell one of my kidneys to the black market i could get caught back up .... 
FRIDAY !!!!! finally ! jesus ive been waiting like a whole week lol 
Fuck fuckedy fuck fuck fuck ... Damn i should be a sailor :) 
What's on your mind ? 
yeah .... I hate checkin my facebook on my phone ... Tooooooooo slow . 
tired , bored , hungover , hungry , sad , depressed , alone , anxious , broke , unhappy , and in need of a cigarette .. Idk whice one is bothering me the most . Daaaaammmmmnnnnn it 
off to decatur ... 
if the world were to end tomorrow .... What would u miss the most ? Cant say money or your new boyfriend or girlfriend .... People get too wound up in worldly possesions ... What would u really miss ? 
crap .............. 
yep ... definetly SSDD ............. again 
Yep . 
Determination , is pushing me ... Perseverance , is what I bleed 
Hope you're alright . It's been rough for me . Thinking all night . About the places I'd be . \ 
If I maybe , just did a little bit more you might've Let me , become a man for sure . And if I might , express one concern it seems an\ 
issue . All day at every turn . What's the next step , the latest hole in my life . What's next for me to learn ? 
? ¶$ ????????????? 
There's always something different going wrong .... \ 
The path I walk , is in the wrong direction , \ 
There's always someone fucking hanging on ... \ 
Can anybody help me make things better ? 
Thanks everyone for your bday wishes !!! had an awesome time last night .. wahoooooo im 22 lol 
Facebook should have a Dis-like button ... 
Reaching out .... But no ones ever reaching back . You tell me . Your life is so hard and you got it bad . You don't now shit about this life . What its like to be frustrated . Scraping just to get by . Hold it inside . Buried inside my mind . 
Yeah ... Totally got asked if i wanted some \company\ " by a hooker today in Atlanta .... ummm not for me " 
galleria prky atlanta ga 
Cold rainy day ... Thank god im workin outside today :/ 
Be kinder than necessary .... for everyone you meet is fighting some kind of battle 
Sometimes The Unexpected Means Progress 
Sick of getting by no matter how hard i try to get ahead ...... wasting all my time in this dead end life .. tell me now .. when will this end ? All i need now is to get outta this town and get away .. 
today i will be happier than a bird with a french fry 
life is too short for second chances .... Take it ... 
You line them up we'll put them down ... \ 
This is so frustrating ! \ 
To watch you sleazing all around , \ 
Yet you keep on smiling 
ive learned in life that you really should hate anyone but idk if thats possible .... most people are all the same . 98% of the people in the world are selfish , lying hypocrites . Hitler might have been a Nazi but he had a good idea . kill everyone that wasnt part of the \perfect\ " race ... " 
i cant think of a short quote 
the world is melting ..... 
wooop ... Damn shoulda grabed the fire hose 
id like to see how the things i lose grow legs and run and hide .. wtf ? 
Headed to the doc today .... Gonna see how many screws i have loose in my head lol ... Probly a bucket full 
funny how you can get a pill to help with certain symptoms but the side effects outweigh the benefits ... ironic isnt it ? 
My emptiness fills the holes of your predictable questions ... \ 
So give me no lectures , don't you sell me your kind ... 
