ko diwali wali si feel aa rahi < PROPMALE > . 

is content with her cheap thrills :) 
* droop * 
: 16th of July , but no returning . 
is fondly remembering the cakes at your place . mmmmm . 
is getting restless . 
Imperfection . 
is in a whiny mood . 
is amazed at her ability to burn things . 
does not appreciate 12 degrees in September . sigh , this is going to be a fun winter . 
thinks that studying primary religious texts is like studying physics . 
INTERNATIONAL CAPS LOCK DAY ! 
is getting a chola-batura craving , sigh . 
? the CIR bakers 
International Security- Week 9 : Deterring Sibling Rivalry . 
is hoping that those are bloody snowflakes on the ground , and that she's not hallucinating ! 
HATES how this weather is always making her feel hungry . 
' s world is getting whiter each day . Snowball fight time , finally ? 
is in the process of giving the weirdest exam ever :-S . And maybe , she needs to get off facebook . 
isn't quite sure if she's still so happy to see the sun if it's accompanying -27 degrees :S 
has entered into a food coma 
has realised that her ideal dessert restaurant does exist :) 
Dear Turkey , New Year is not Christmas . Christmas was on the 25th of Dec and is an entirely different festival . Just sayin'!! 
doesn't understand how international-write-the-colour-of-your-bra-in-your-statusmsg day is supposed to promote breast cancer awareness . 
does not care about game theoritic approaches when she could be having chocolate shakes . 
has satisfied her papdi chaat craving . yay ! 
doesn't appreciate it when she lives on the 8th floor and the elevators don't work !! 
sugar overdose . wheeeeeeeeeee 
can foresee her ability to work being ruined by DefCon . She urges the rest of CIR to start nuking the entire world as well :D 
doesn't care if the IMF is evil or not , she wants her shake ! 
' Dating is a lot like international politics , you can never be sure about the other person's intentions . ' - Will Nomikos ( or from now on , England ! ) 
If a cow has a hysterectomy , which kind of cow is she ? Decaffeinated ! 
does not appreciate her dependent and independent variables being changed .. for the fourth time UGH . 
sometimes gets the feeling that security experts are just incompetent historians pretending to be more important than they actually are . 
does not quite appreciate it when Mearsheimer refers to < PROPFEMALE > as Uncle Sugar and Stalin as Uncle < PROPFIRST > . 
vs potential thesis advisors , part n . 
I-House people , come cheer your soccer team ( Super Happy Fun Team 2000 ! ) in the finals of IM Soccer against the Med School at < PROPFIRST > Crown today , 4 pm ! 
How many grad students does it take to catch a < PROPFEMALE > ? Obviously , more than 4 . 
O person who stole my entire tub of ice cream , you are going to be more-than-dead when I find out who you are . 
urges someone in the class to agree that women favor protectionism coz they dont understand economics , and have an argument with < PROPFEMALE > , for entertainment purposes ! 
wishes she didn't get incessant cravings to go to the lake every time she sat down to work . 
wishes watching World War II movies and playing DefCon would count as studying for the War exam . pffft . 
Thanks daylight savings , for taking an hour of my life away from me during finals week . 
knows that the world is a good place when there are people distributing free brownies outside the Reg just coz it's finals week . Hmm , maybe that's that means to peace in the Middle East . 
is making a list of people she wants to kill . Stay away unless you're in my-top-10-people-in-Chicago list . 
is not interested in writing her < PROPFEMALE > paper . Maybe she could outsource it ? 
has now lost a watch AND a mp3 player . arghhhhh 
is with Shubhi Nigam <3 
feels domesticated 
is going to murder Shubhi Nigam very soon 
is not sure whether Jaani Dushmann : Ek Anokhi Kahaani is the worst Bollywood movie ever , or an absolute gem 
Week 1- Advanced Security - Understanding bar fights ? 
<3 Chicago spring . 
' s laptop has been attacked by malevolent software . If it doesn't start working soon/if she loses any of her thesis stuff , she will < PROPFEMALE > the World Wide Web/Microsoft/McAfee . 
Stop charging me a ridiculous amount for setting my computer right . Developed countries are over-rated . 
wonders how geeky it is that she's super-excited about Sagan , Toft and Edelstein coming to PISP one after the other . 
Dear Chicago weather , please come out of negative temperatures now . I'm quite bored of my winter clothes . Ok bye . 
Dear prospective MAPSS students , No , I don't care about Heidegger or Kierkegaard . Now get out of my life . 
is wondering if she can reach the required length of her thesis by adding a few photos ... because umm , you know , a picture is worth a thousand words ? * nods wisely * 
totally understands how to build a nuclear bomb when Pape compares it to a doughnut mmmm . 
is almost done with her first draft , where she has used the word/phrase ' counter-insurgency ' and ' hearts and minds ' , 60 and 35 times respectively . Drinking game using those 2 words while reading my draft in the workshop , perhaps ? 
ek baar khaoge to khaate reh jaaoge .. no one can eat just one !! :D Pradyumna Jairam 
Dear Mr. Tharoor , I'm so happy you're gone . But please don't write anymore of your useless books now that you're jobless in life . Ok bye . 
is bored of all this real world rubbish and is just going to write a paper on what we can learn about IR theory from < PROPFEMALE > Wars . 
just realized that < PROPMALE > Lobby and US Foreign Policy is on Osama Bin Laden's recommended reading list ! Oh Uncle Sugar , look where all you've found acclaim . 
The circle is now complete . When I left you I was but the learner , now I am the master . 
Dear numerous retarded airlines , Why is a Chicago-Delhi flight twice as expensive as a Chicago-Delhi-Chicago flight ? Go drown yourself . 
Why yes professor , of course I'd like to get up on a Sunday morning and go see what American archaeologists have unearthed ( and later destroyed ) in the Middle East . 
3 flavors instead of 1 on milkshake day now ! Including a new flavor - < PROPFEMALE > coffee ! Oh UChicago you make so happy in my last few weeks here 
really wishes that < PROPMALE > Barbieri and < PROPFIRST > Sondheimer would stop brandishing their knives and lighters threateningly after every 10 minutes . Or maybe she should acquire a weapon of her own . 
is freezing in mid-May . This is unacceptable . 
is FINALLY done with her thesis . * gasp * 
can foresee her ability to work being ruined by sporcle . 
Oh < PROPFIRST > Betts , stop trying to be Dickens with your opening sentence - \Nuclear weapons brought American security the worst of time and the best of times . \"" 
can't wait for the 3rd of June . 
feels like a cow right now . 
Sigh why did Germany win Eurovision ? Turkey should have won and Albania should have come 2nd . Does no one appreciates robots and fire anymore ?! 
is abolutely appalled by < PROPMALE>'s behaviour . 
\A recent study has revealed that the average girlie\ 
Advanced Security , Week 10 : What do sanctions on cognac really do , prohibiting basketball in North Korea , colonizing Mars .... Anything else ?! :-S 
is done with her master's degree !! * falls asleep * 
was very pleased to find out that < PROPMALE>'s country code in the Correlates of War database is 666 . heehee 
Last shake day EVER . My Wednesdays will never be the same again :( 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > , I'm a non-resident who earns no money . Stop asking me to fill confusing tax forms . Also , I can no longer fit into jeans which I have been wearing since the age of 13 . I hope your corn lobby is happy . 
is suddenly sad again that Pluto is no longer a planet :-/ 
is off to her foggy ( in mid-June ?! ) , thunderstormy graduation . 
is in Vegas !! 
is in Pluto and is having her cake and eating it too . 
has too many possessions . and wishes airlines had a category known as extra-overweight-super-duper amount of baggage . 
Dear O'Hare and Continental Airlines , please be nice to me . Otherwise I will have to take tips liberally from Dying to Win , Bombing to Win and < PROPFEMALE>'s Achilles ' Hell : Nuclear , Biological and Chemical Terrorism and Covert Attack , all of which are lying in my bags . Love , S . 
?? ?????? ??? ???? 
Why is there a PIGEON next to me at my terminal gate ? Stupid New Jersey . 
has reached Delhi after a delightful 15 hour flight full of crying infants . Why must you travel all the way across the world when your kids are that small ?! 
misses Chicago :-/ 
is super-excited that Shubhi Nigam is going to be spending the rest of the summer in Delhi !! :D 
Dear Chipotle , I don't think I can live without you much longer . Please open branches in < PROPFEMALE > and Turkey . Thanks , and much love , S . 
is absolutely drenched !! wheeee * splash * 
Who cares about an octupus now that Indian parrots are predicting in favour of the Dutch :-S 
has run out of stuff to watch . Damn you American television and your practice of starting new seasons in September grrr . 
wonders whether the Dutch uniforms should be just changed to yellow . 
wonders how long Moldova , Luxembourg and Macedonia will continue to keep her away from her dream ? 
has finally done it !! 195 !! and is therefore , officially in running for the post of world dictator muhahaha 
thinks the new rupee symbol is absolutely rubbish and feels bad for Rs , poor baby :-/ 
whomp whomp 
cheese . monopoly . rain <3 
is back from a moosladhar trip 
is looking for the fast-forward button . 
Dear evil cat outside my window , stop shrieking at 3 am everyday . Otherwise , I will kill you and feed you to pigeons . Someone was obviously right when they said an idle mind is a devil's workshop . 
wants a lake , fog , you and brownies . 
is wondering why terrorists would even bother targetting the Commonwealth Games . They're anyway going to be a mess , regardless of their intervention :P 
hates making decisions . 
wants some mexican food right NOW . WHERE do we get avocados in this country ?!? 
thinks Delhi would actually be worth living in if every day was Independence Day . 
has alarm bells ringing in her head . 4 days to go .... 
wishes Shubhi Nigam a chocolatey , cheesy , gubbara-ey , alcohol-filled happy birthday !! ( even though you gha t-t ed my vishwas :P ) 
is SO annoyed with this city . 
and airline baggage limits don't share a very cordial relationship . 
Dear Turkey , please make my next year as memorable as Chicago ? K thanks , see you tomorrow . 
Dear Turkish airport security , I promise I have not hidden bombs in my < PROPFEMALE > Wars figurines . Stop looking and tapping at them suspiciously as if they'll mysteriously burst . 
is bidding farewell to youtube , it was nice being able to access you . and to vegetarian food , it was nice eating you . 
information overload ---> zzzzz 
newest revelation from last night --> mashallah means cute kid . * nods wisely * 
feels like she's in an an episode of Kamzor Kadi Kaun . heehee 
is excited about going to Safranbolu and Amasra , but wishes she could be also be in Chicago this weekend . Congrats to all the CIR summer grads ! 
has eaten more animals in the past week than she has in all 22 years of her life . Hello , year of the kabristaan . 
has decided that the last day of the month = pay day , is going to be her favourite day of the month from now on :D 
is pretty sure that she can no longer claim to be a vegetarian after that iftar dinner she just had . 
As if Turkish keyboards weren't irritating enough , now I also keep getting virus messages in Turkish with photos of nuclear bombs next to them . 
is going to Antalya for Eid ! 
wishes she could be in Istanbul tomorrow to watch the US-Turkey basketball final . 
is super curious to know what it will be : Hayir or Evet ? 
Attempt 1 at running uphill on an altitude of 3000 ft in order to train for a marathon at sea level = Fail . 
is going to be on the other side of the fence tomorrow for four consecutive hours . 
is done with her first day of teaching where she was asked by her students whether she was from Congo or Venezuela , followed by a guy who came to the board , < PROPFIRST > a cow and asked me whether cows were important to me . 
wants to go to < PROPMALE>'s!!! 
Forever 21 opens in Delhi today ... finally ! Chipotle , you need to be the next one . 
thinks Magnum Gold is over-rated . There , I said it . 
Geldim , gördüm , fethetdim . 
is absolutely sick and tired of Turkish food and it's just been a month . This is going to be a long year ... 
doesn't like working on Fridays , or in the mornings . Oh grad school , how I miss you . 
had the Jews , Kurds and a conspiracy theory about the US govt . orchestrating 9/11 ( which everyone agreed too ) all come up in the sameclass . * facepalm * 
thinks they should just build a bakery in Ayodhya . End of matter , please go pray/fight somewhere else . Kthanxbye . 
What kind of a city transitions from 40 to 15 degrees in just 2-3 weeks ? * brrr * 
is very amused by how people's status messages suddenly changed from trashing the CWG to expressing extreme love and pride after the start of the games . 
is already freezing and wondering how she ever survived Chicago . \ 
P . S : Bilkent , how about turning on the radiators ? 
is not happy about how UChicago has conditioned her to expect cheap , yummy milkshakes every Wednesday . Where < PROPMALE > thou in Ankara ? 
has songs from Haseena Maan Jaayegi stuck in her head since morning and does not know whether to be amused or frustrated . 
can't wait for November . 
wishes she was teaching Kindergarten , so that she could do an entire lesson on animal sounds . 
' s Mexican food craving has FINALLY been satisfied . 
Dear Turkey , please STOP raining and show me some sun . * wilt * 
has decided to change her career and just become a textile politician . 
is going to Istanbul for the weekend ! 
has FINALLY been permitted to open a bank account in Turkey after 2 months of living there . 
could really do with some maggi , bhel puri and aloo tikki right now . Pfft 
is going to start throwing all her failed hard-boiled eggs out of the window . Just in case one lands on you , don't be angry , they're good for your hair . 
is pretty sure Google Translate is the most retarded tool ever , especially when it comes to Turkish translations . 
is off to Diyarbakir and Mardin for the long weekend :) 
Loved every part of the last 3 days - warm weather , great views of the Tigris and Syria , conversations with random people , < PROPMALE > Barron getting beaten up by Kurdish girls , Muffins McCulloch and I getting accosted by an old and senile Kurdish woman who would have married us off to Turkish men , finding out about < PROPFIRST > Koplan ' s true geneaology , baklava-whoring and staying in the flashiest , most colorful hostel ever . 
wants to celebrate Diwali pfft . 
is super-excited ! Just 5 days left ! 
Yar ? n Türkçe sinav yazaca ?? m . Kanl ? cehennem ! 
loves how cheap desserts and other sweets are just before Bayram !! Iyi bayramlar :) 
is back to reality . Meh . 
Dear applications , please complete yourselves . Kthnxbye . 
Free wine on Teachers ' Day ? Evet ! 
is sick of being a nomad . and is now part of TU 42 . Come visit us in the staff room ! 
food coma nomnom 
Oh Manning , you probably made thousands of scholars ' research easier . \ 
P.S. - The rest of you have fun cleaning up the mess . 
just realized December's begun and has alarm bells ringing in her head . 
is the stupidest person on the planet . 
Would anyone shed light on why my phone keeps giving me this error : \hattiniz gelen aramalara acik ancak arama yapmaya kapanmistir . size de arama yapabilmek mesaj gonderebilmek icin lutfen en kisa zamanda yukleme yapiniz \"" 
is going to dig herself a pit of stupidity and just sit there for a while . Along with < PROPFEMALE > Desloge 
just bought a $50 ticket to Lebanon haha . Gotta love random drops in airline prices . 
wishes she could fly to Chicago right now , barge into Pick Hall , collect the recommendation letter that is rightly hers gahhhh and give people a lecture on deadlines . grrrrr 
Snow !! 
is super-excited about acquiring a Turkish Monopoly ! ( Mayfair = Istanbul , Leicester Sq = Ankara ) . and of course the < PROPMALE > and community chest cards in Turkish :-S 
is officially the < PROPFEMALE > of Turkish monopoly with 6 hotels and 32 million liras . 
Landing up at some random turkish party which involved singing euologies to Atatürk and Turkish folk dancing- fun . Walking back in the sleet/snowstorm - not fun . 
will have a new appreciation for fast internet speeds when she finally leaves Turkey . grrrr 
There are few places in Ankara other than Eski Yeni which make me feel this happy 
is going to stop counting how many times she's fallen down in this country 
wishes life had a fast-forward button . 
is anticipating an awesome food coma :) 
Anyone know whether one needs tickets in advance to watch camel wrestling in Selçuk ? Or can we just buy a ticket on the day itself ? 
Oh to ho ? geldin a yeni y ? l at eski yeni . teehee :) 
and if the Lebanese Embassy continues to be such a jackass , then I'll probably be coming home at the end of this month .... 
just remembered she hasn't cursed pigeons in a really long time . Maybe they've just become extinct . good . 
should really keep a count of the number of people who've tried to convert her to Islam over the past few months . 
' s fundamental problem with Turkey is the absence of vanilla extract , chocolate chips and < PROPFEMALE > syrup . And no amount of baklava or whatever other syrupy desserts you make , can fill that emptiness . 
Dear Hezbollah , please don't ruin my vacation . How about resigning from the Lebanese government after the 6th of February ? Kthnxbye . 
is excited about going to Ephesus and Selçuk ( to watch camels wrestle , of course ) for the weekend ! 
Dear ö ? renciler , cope için iyi ? anslar ! Umar ? m geçersin , in ? allah ! 
has realized that Orhan Pamuk is way over-rated . If only some of the other Turkish writers received that much international attention .... 
hates this waiting period argh . and wishes she had the resolve to never visit gradcafe again . 
super-disappointed about cancelling our trip to Lebanon :( * makes her Hezbollah , you're-gonna-pay-for-this face * 
just booked a ticket to Delhi for this Saturday . See you then :) 
SO excited to get out of Turkey 
is convinced that the Middle East is conspiring against CSIs ' travel plans :-/ 
is back to the warmth of her Delhi winter :) 
wishes she could see the Chicago Snowpocalypse in person . 
is back to the land of symmetrically aligned trees . 
so relieved ... officially returning to the States this fall !!! 
yes yes , great he resigned . But since when did militaries start being harbingers of democracy ? pssh , don't count your chickens before they hatch . 
believes in naps and cookies . What do you believe in ? 
Dear UChicago , I knew things between us weren't that good recently . We hadn't seen each other in a while , I kept staring at other schools , you kept staring at other candidates . Deep down inside , both of us knew there wasn't much left for me on the 5th floor of Pick Hall . But did you really have to break up with me on < PROPFIRST>'s Day !? Sob . Love , S . p . s . - no hard feelings , you already gave me everything I wanted :) 
Dear people who decide what music to play between the overs , WHY < PROPFIRST > Bieber ?! 
4 days left ...! 
Staring longingly at the < PROPMALE > & < PROPFIRST>'s website while in Turkey = not the best idea ever . 
Dear Ankara , where is all this snow coming from ?! P.S. - Bilkent , how about declaring a snow day tomorrow ? :D 
just discovered there's no Chipotle in New Haven . Poo you doctoral degree , I want my Mexican food :( 
Dear Ankara , I'm so happy you can't handle all this snow . Happy Holiday !! 
SECOND SNOW DAY !! GO ANKARA'S INCOMPETENCE !!! 
is slowly being convinced that corporal punishment should be allowed in schools . grrr 
wishes she could be in Chicago for the next few days . Have a great birthday , < PROPFEMALE > Conover !! :D 
wants to jump to July . Still 100 days left :( 
Dear Ankara , either snow enough for a holiday to be declared , or just become warm . Stop playing with my emotions . 
Student responses to filling out the proverb- When in ____ , do as the ___ do : ' When in the kitchen , do as the woman do . ' Gotta love poorly expressed patriarchy . 
wants her < PROPFIRST > back . 
Dear Australia , I'm sure we'd all like an Indo-Pak semi-final , so kindly get out of the way . K thnx bye . 
Dear Australia , na-na-na-na-na . * evil witch cackle * 
Bombay !! \ 
ps- anyone else amused with the long list of deities Bhajji thanked ? :) 
what a way to win !!! 
wishes she could have been in < PROPFEMALE > last night .... loving all the photos of epicness ! 
Hello , vacation . Bye bye , Ankara ( roughly translated - it's Friday , we we we so so excited ) 
Disappointed by the actual < PROPFIRST > site ... though thanks Turkish govt , for putting up multiple fake Trojan horses all around the area :-S 
is back to the comfort of her lojman sweet lojman , waiting impatiently for the next 2 and a half months to just go by fast . 
is going to miss her gossiping/bitching/dessert-eating/being silly partner- < PROPFEMALE > Desloge , don't leave Turkey !!! 
DOES NOT care about the < PROPMALE > wedding . Get out of my face , you posh , super-boring people . 
Wrapping up the last class on Friday by making the students listen to < PROPFEMALE > Black ? Check . 
ab aur zyaada din is desh < PROPFEMALE > khaana bardaasth nahi < PROPFEMALE > r sakti . mera peth < PROPMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > bristan nahi ! 
Nothing like DDLJ to make you feel better when you're feeling crappy in a foreign country . 
WHY is it still cold ?! Middle East stereotype fail : Part 1 . 
Kafam güzel , dünya güzel , her ? ey güzel . Sen güzelsin , güzelsin x 2 . That's right , you're doubly güzel !! 
Flight home officially booked ... 32 days left !! 
Is it August already ? No ? Boo . 
feels like Turkey is the Neena Gupta of her life . Thank god it's almost time to hear Aap yahan se jaa sakte hain , namaste . 
is sick of how racist , chauvinist and intolerant of criticism you are . and how you have an unwarranted superiority complex . you ain't that special , snowflake . 16 days left . 
cannot wait to get home and start eating !! 10 days left !! 
Good luck for the COPE ! 
Happy birthday to < PROPMALE > Scroggs and < PROPFEMALE > Desloge , 2 of my top 10 people !! ( that's right , I categorize my friends haha ) Hope you guys have an awesome day , despite my absence :-P 
Dear laptop , thanks for dying on me on my birthday . * starts hoarding eggs to thrown on HP * 
Dear Turkish Airlines , no I can't pack a year's worth of existence into a 20kg bag . and no I'm not going to pay you 350 euros for an extra suitcase . Any other suggestions besides bursting into tears at the airport/ does anyone know people at Turkish Airlines who might get me a discount ? 
no longer has a phone - email or fb me if you need to contact me . 
glad to see so many happy status messages on my mini-feed ! Congratulations to everyone who passed !! 
hadi bye bye 
Dear Turkish Airlines , thanks for extorting 940TL from me for my 2nd suitcase . Way to ensure that I never ever ever come to your stupid country again for my next 9 lives . I hope you burn in hell/go bankrupt . 
was super-annoyed that a 5 hour flight took almost 24 hours coz of multiple technical failures and returns to Istanbul ( sigh , I thought I would be stuck in Turkey forever and ever ) , and all that disappeared when I landed at Delhi airport only to hear ' kendi pump up < PROPFIRST > jam ' blaring outta someone's car :D 
Transnational dominion :) even though I might have been better at it while I was in Turkey , sigh . 
Dear facebook , it would be great if you'd stop telling me to Teach English in Turkey/Make Money in Turkey . Not very smart in keeping up with the times , eh ? 
hopes that Google+ kicks Facebook's ass . That's right , you over-cluttered , money-making , privacy-stealing , social networking whore . 
HATES yapi kredi . Give me my money , you incompetent Turkish bank . 
\I miss you like a realist theory without a rational actor constraint . \ " - < PROPMALE > Scroggs . How do you even respond to that ?! " 
misses Shubhi Nigam - my summer isn't complete until I spend half of my evenings at your house eating delicious food and being attacked by a crazy dog . 
has decided to name her Google+ circles as : Ache log , ant-shant , paray log and chapet maro inko . So now you guys can at least guess where you belong :) 
The people who've benefited the most by me coming home this summer are probably the manufacturers of Frooti :) 
I so so not excited by < PROPFEMALE > Black's new song . Clearly , she should have spent more time on the new song rather than on deciding which seat to choose . 
Dear Airtel , if you're incapable of continuing to provide TV and internet in the monsoon , at least use a cute dog in your ads . Best , annoyed consumer . 
10 days :) 
Dear Airtel , stop being such a fraud and being the most inefficient service provider ever . Love , person whose going to set fire to your office . 
Amrika-bahut-door- < PROPMALE > -as-if-mujhe-wahan-chal-ke-jaana- < PROPMALE > wali si feel aa rahi < PROPMALE > . 
needs to learn from her mistakes - packing books like < PROPFEMALE>'s Achilles ' Hell : Nuclear , Biological , Chemical Weapons & Covert Attack , The Strategic Logic of Suicide Terrorism , Bombing to Win etc aren't the kind of books you just randomly pack at the top of your belongings when travelling to & from the States . 
is back to her most dessert compatible nation . om nom nom 
Mmm , pork . Clearly I became a non-vegetarian in the wrong country . Hello , kabristan part 2 . 
Has finally realised why it is so important to have men in your life : to assemble furniture baha . 
Dear Yale , thanks for starting maths camp on my independence day . Now I don't feel free anymore :-/ 
When in doubt , turn to R.S. Aggarwal . * wise nod * 
Good sleep > good snack > Math Camp , where Math Camp ? Things that are not good . 
Operation Self-Destruction of Own House begins . Clearly , we need renter's insurance . 
is going to slap the next person whose status/any post has anything to do with Hazare . Stop giving him unnecessary bhav and go read/do something more interesting with your life . 
wow so that was a pretty strong earthquake , you fake house . 
Why are hurricanes always named after women ?! I vote for the next one to be called Hurricane Darth Vader . 
Who needs hurricane shopping ? Not me , I have 36 scented candles . Bring it on , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Boo you east coast , I wanna move back to Chicago . At least a Snowpocalyse doesn't shake my house like < PROPFEMALE > :-/ 
feels cheated - a quarter of the reason I went back to grad school was so that I don't have to get up early . and now I've landed up with early classes all 5 days of the week . * makes plans to bomb the registrar's office at Yale * 
so so excited for the new Muppets movie !! 
can never spell empirical and comparative correctly . * gives herself a snickering pat-on-the-back for wanting to be a Comparativist * 
Oh hey , ice cream truck occasionally outside the political science dept , why don't u stay there the entire day ? :-/ 
yeh beta swaaater pehno < PROPFEMALE > time thodi jaldi nahi aa gaya ? 
Dear Yale , I would appreciate if you didn't send us job postings with starting salaries $200k+ . Love , PhD student who wants to enter academia , thus ruling out the possibility of ever being that < PROPMALE > . 
Bon Voyage , and have a great year , ladies ! - < PROPFEMALE > Desloge & < PROPFEMALE > Wawrzaszek 
As if < PROPFEMALE > wasn't annoying enough , it's even more annoying that US political scientists now use it talk to about ' the existence of a strong middle-class in < PROPFEMALE > whose movements have the ability to paralyze the functioning of cities ' . Abey oye , < PROPFEMALE > hoga tu , < PROPFEMALE > padhosi , padhosi ke kutte , kutte ke bache , mein < PROPFEMALE > nahi hoon !! 
Vineyards , apple orchards & bars that play songs by 90s boybands - Charlottesville , I think we'll get along . 
is eating a çikita muz hahaha . Who knew those existed in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Do you ever have this immediate need to listen to usher when you get up in the morning ? 
My roommate is sick and i'm too lazy to take care of him :( 
JUST found out that today is National Dessert Day ! Why am I still sitting in front of a computer ?! 
misses cats , even though she prefers living in dog countries to cat countries . Miaow . 
has had too much sugar . If you're hearing a voice coming from the 2nd floor of Rosenkranz , it's probably mine . 
is missing the 90s . why don't bollywood songs have lyrics like ' har din < PROPFEMALE > bane dussehra , raat bane diwali!' or ' what is mobile number ' anymore :( 
just realized she isn't figuring out applications to get a future for the first time in 4 years . wheeee ! 
wishes she could be home this week :-/ 
Dear fall , please last longer . It's too early to start snowing . Love , person who never even got a < PROPMALE > to wear her fall coats . 
wheeee SNOWWW !!! ( though watch me complain tomorrow about how early it is to start snowing , but for today , wheeeeeeee ! ) 
Here's my facebook activist moment of the year - FroyoWorld asking how long they should keep around the pumpkin pie flavor for , me replying by saying that cake batter should be brought back , and that being liked by dozens of people ! teehee 
Why can't we have daylight savings every month ? <3 
Are squirrels the new potatoes ? 
hmm who doesn't wanna be woken up on a Saturday morning by Jehovah's Witnesses at your door ? 
