anyone willing to flash my 360 ? I'd really appreciate it . 

So in case anyone was out of the loop . Haven't had my phone since monday , first time on the internet since then , and bored out of my mind . 
some people call me the space cowboy , some call me the gangster of love , some people call me < PROPFIRST > ... 
is currently blowing water vapor out of his nose and wondering when he gets to be crucified and start a religion ... my guess ? Wednesday . 
is wanal dish banal 
is currently pondering things , like will i ever take part in the apocolypse , and what ever happened to AIDS ? wheel never no 
is a dream killer 
loves his miraculous < PROPFEMALE > . 
is waynerine ... like wolverine but ... with a mohawk ? 
found a baby at wal-mart , and is gonna name her < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Ahoy , so my < PROPFEMALE > will not load on my computer ... not sure why . Oh , and I got a gangsta walk now , chyuh ? 
I really wish I was there for < PROPFIRST > when Hershey died ... he is so depressed and I think I just put his f'ing shades on and put a gun to his head , he's a f'ing disgrace . Can your god save him now ? 
Off to plunder the seas for gold , ye scallywags 
no need for introductions , i've read about you on the back of toliet doors 
had a wonderful prom night =) 
should sleep maybe ? happy mothers ! what kind of weird mom has children ? I guess mine . love ya mah , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPMALE > . 
is a prefectionist 
whenever i think about facebook now , i end up thinking i'm a pirate ... that's normal . right ? 
Hasn't been capable of receiving texts in over a week , or checking his voicemail ... so if you are trying to talk to me ... best bet is calling or facebook 
thinks he's pregnant all the time . He's pretty . Normal . and intrusive ? Alright , he's done because this is barely making sense to me ... I mean him ... he ... Loves you ? Means it . 
is underappreciated , and over-the-top weird , wired not so much ... any sweet dame or dude wanna < PROPFIRST > me up with energeigetranks(energy drinks spelt badly in < PROPMALE > ) ? 
It's just as I feared , zombies ... why am I watching < PROPFIRST > ? 
Needs more battle buddies . C'mon guys and gals . It's only getting hit with bamboo , and I have helmets with face guards . 
is excited to have a working phone again . text it . it misses you 
i don't like the taste of their morality 
< PROPMALE > go tango ? 
is mildly addicted to lady sovereign ... 
Please put this as your status if you know someone(or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish is for this summer that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% of people won't copy this ... they have probably already been eaten or are being eaten by dragons . 
is alive , in case I was wondering 
is back to glasses for a bit . Chelle is a girl dragon ? 
is now 43 . 
in case anybody was trying to get ahold of me , I'm not ignoring you , my phone just likes to be a d-bag . you can call my house phone .... that I don't know the number of ... hugs and kisses . ttfnbamfs 
wants some oreo phou-phou really hrad 
