I have officially joined the masses . :) 

I went to church today ! I'm really happy that I started going back ._. Annddd . I don't want to go to school tomorrow ... 
HELLO , WORLD ! :D I'm supposed to be getting scholarships and doing important crap right now , but I'm not . School was good today . :) 
I'm sort of watching American Idol ... supposed to be doing laundry ... and I'm probably about to go text < PROPFIRST > xD 
Gaw . I'm supposed to be studying . ._. I don't want toooooooo :( And I hope < PROPFIRST > feels better :3 bless his heart 
Do it for the living , and do it for the dead ; do it for the monsters under your bed . Do it for the teenagers and do it for your mom ; broken hearts hurt , but they make you strong . 
It's funny how you find you enjoy your life when you're happy to be alive . 
I won't suffer , be broken , get tired , or wasted , surrender to nothing , or give up what I started ... a new day is coming , and I am finally free . 
Loose lips might sink ships , but loose kisses take trips . 
I JUST FINISHED THAT STUPID CHARACTER ANALYSIS FOR ENGLISH AP . THE SEASON PREMIERE OF LOST STARTS IN 44 MINUTES !!!!!!!!! :D 
Apparently the ACTUAL premiere of Lost isn't until 9 . It's just a recap of the entire series at the moment . Guess I'll be on here until then . xD 
This lasagna is freaking amazing . I have work at 7 :) 
I can't freaking wait for < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! :D 
This evening has been crazy . I'm going to be with < PROPFIRST > ... even though I was earlier . Thank GOD . ._. 
If you'll be my < PROPFEMALE > , I'll be your sky . 
You give me feelings that I adore . 
\Aim above morality . Be not simply good ; be good for something . \"" 
Uhhh . Does anyone still use MySpace ? If so , let me know . My URL : /amandaincognito 
“And when two such people encounter each other , and their eyes meet , the past and the future become unimportant . There is only that moment , and the incredible certainty that everything under the sun has been written by one hand only . It is the hand that evokes love , and creates a twin soul for every person in the world . Without such love , one's dreams would have no meaning . \ -The Alchemist " 
Prom was awesome !!! I can't upload my photos because the internet is being a tard . Hopefully they'll be up later :) 
If my heart was a house , you'd be home . 
If love is a labor , I'll slave til the end . I won't cross these streets until you hold my hand . 
Save some face ; you know you've only got one . 
now loves The Big Bang Theory , thanks to < PROPFIRST > . It's an amazing show . xD 
If you never did , you should . These things are fun ; and fun is good . 
Thank God for catlike reflexes . 
I'm at < PROPFIRST>'s grandma's , wet , hungry , and in a bikini , and nobody knows what to do for dinner . 
I'm so glad I'm not in Cleveland -- or high school -- anymore . 
Rivers , know this : there is no hurry . We shall get there some day . 
I think I've come to a conclusion about myself ... in general , I simply do not like being told what to do . 
Any fool can make a rule , and any fool will mind it . 
< PROPMALE > of Persia was freaking awesome . I'm such a boy . ._. 
I got my MacBook :D 
I'm old enough to know ... but young enough not to say \no . \"" 
I've got the chipmunky part of \Can't Be Tamed\ " by Miley < PROPMALE > in my head . o.o " 
Brooke : \Yeah 
The months , they don't matter : it's the days I can't take . 
We'll retrace the steps as if we forgot . 
Splice : the most screwed-up movie I have ever seen in my entire life . 
Pepperidge Farm makes the best cookies of all-time . 
Sooooo ... everyone should go see Toy Story 3 . It was amazing . 
In the sun , we're as one . 
I finally got signed up for my fall classes . ._. THANK GOD . 
Soooo .... I'm at my boyfriend's house using his wi-fi because mine is screwed up and he's in North < PROPFEMALE > . : c Being in here without him feels weird . \ 
\ 
Also , I am a VERRRRY proud 2nd-time aunt . And I wish my mother would stop pronouncing the baby's name \Leamen\ " unintentionally . Who else knows what that rhymes with ? " 
Eclipse made me happy . :) I am very satisfied . Except with my favorite scene in the entire book ... ._. Other than that , I adored it . 
I'm going to be what I set out to be , without a doubt , undoubtably . 
My wonderful boyfriend just helped me study for the test I have to take to get into nursing school . I feel so much more confident about it now . We also went to Bruster's for the 4th time this week and plucked eachother's eyebrows and walked his dogs , and now we're gonna watch a movie . :D 
Today , I took the practice TEAs test , based off of the REAL thing I have to take to get into nursing ... I answered 60 math questions in 62 minutes with no calculator and I got them all right . I am so proud . :D 
I've been at my grandparent's lakehouse in VA since Saturday with < PROPFIRST > . We've been having SO much fun !!! And yes , me , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFEMALE > tried turtle . ._. 
So in the meantime , you'll be resting on my mind . 
My fish died . I'm sad . 
Hey , wait : I got a new complaint . 
I don't go around fire expecting not to sweat . 
You take my breath away ; you're a supernova . 
Like my status ... I'll tell you one thing I like about you , one thing I dislike about you , my first impression , and a confession . ( yeah , I'm conforming . But it seems fun . I'll be honest . ) 
I think I may be addicted to Yugioh . ._. 
( in Books-A-Million)\ 
Me : What is it with all these freaking vampire romance sagas ? I am so tired of people and their feeble attempts to base novels off of Twilight . They're just trying to make a quick buck . \ 
Brooke : ... maybe I should write a novel about Sasquatch ... 
Blue Hole with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > Simmons . :) 
I think FAFSA live chat needs to find some new employees . 
You get no love . :) 
\People do strange things to cover up holes ... \ " - < PROPFIRST > Gooslin " 
I had a wonderful day with < PROPFIRST > . As usual . :D 
I'm getting lots of college stuff taken care of today ... whoo ... hoo ... ._. 
Now , that's not a stab at < PROPFIRST > ; that's just a metaphor , I'm just psycho . I go a little bit crazy sometimes , I get a little bit out of control with my rhymes . 
I had a dream about the zombie apocalyse last night . It was pretty hardcore . 
I killed Superman , I killed Super -- MAN . And how ironic , that I'd be the bad guy , kryptonite , the green chronic . 
( 10 minutes ago at the McDonald's drive-thru)\ 
Me : Um , how much is a large fry ? \ 
Cashier : 2.18 after tax , ma'am . \ 
Me : Oh , okay . Well , I'd like a large fry -- \ 
Cashier : Alright , a large fry , everything's correct on the screen that'll be 2.18 at the first window , thank you . \ 
Me : ._. uhhh , I'm not done yet . \ 
-silence- 
\Is this the Krusty Krab ? \ " \ 
You're essential to me ; you're the air I breathe , I believe . 
Would anyone like to tell me why < PROPFEMALE > Fox and < PROPFIRST > from Lost are in Eminem's new music video ? The only thing I liked about it was Rihanna's hair . And how everyone dies in the end . Okay , no one dies , but it would be better if they did . 
Baking cookies , watching Lost , no school for 24 more days ... life is good . 
Going running on the greenway with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Gentry , then swimming . ;) 
I don't feel like doing anything today . 
I knew a guy named < PROPMALE > once . 
Wow , so you noticed that I so desperately longed for you to interrupt my solitary walk . Gee , what gave it away ? My subdued , humorless demeanor ? The fact that I had loud music in my ears and didn't do you the courtesy of removing them to say hello when you slowed down on your bike along side me ? Or the GTF-away-from-me look I gave you when you tried to hit on me ? Gotta love freaks on the greenway . 
I've got troubles , Lord , but not today ; cause they're gonna wash away , they're gonna wash away . 
Kyle : How many hours are in a day on planet Jupiter ... 10 , 24 , or 48 ? \ 
* after a very long pause*\ 
Me : Uh . 14 . Wait , was that an option ? \ 
Kyle : Uh , no . \ 
Both : * burst into laughter * 
I got a lot accomplished today . Time to duel my boyfriend . :) 
I just watched My Sister's Keeper with < PROPFEMALE > . I cried . A LOT . 
She's not afraid , she just likes to use a night-light . 
< PROPFIRST > is taking me on a picnic today . I've never been on a picnic before . :3 
Me : You're hungry AGAIN ? \ 
Kyle : I think I'm about to start my period ! \ 
Me : BAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
I just got a lot of work done for college ! I'm still trying to figure out some of this crap ... but I think I'm doing a pretty good job so far . :) 
I had a wonderful day talking and laughing at my house with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . I am so happy she decided to come visit me even though I'm sick . I love you ! ( I guess I should be doing homework instead of getting on Facebook ... hmmm . ) 
I had a wonderful birthday ! Thank you to everyone for all the amazing birthday wishes !! :3 
You know , I'd make an awesome high school biology teacher . 
I made an 89 on my first Anatomy exam ! ( ONE POINT FROM AN A , GRRR ) I'm still really relieved . ._. 
If fried chicken , pumpkins , and an d-bag loser are the highlights of your life , I think you need to re-evaluate . Those will do nothing but make you fat and miserable in the end . 
I took a nap in Chatt State's library today . 
I can't believe < PROPFEMALE > came into town and surprised me like that ! Her playlist that she put together for me made me boo-hoo the whole way home . I'm still crying . I miss my best friend so much and all of our memories ... 
Kyle : ( via text , in response to me freaking out about a centipede on my ceiling)\ 
Find something to knock it down and then crunch its little brain out ! Survival of the fittest !! Every man for himself !! \ 
Me : AHAHAHA ! Well I threw my old work shoe at it and it smushed him and chopped his head off . \ 
Kyle : Good . Now < PROPFEMALE > him on your door as a sign to his family or other would-be intruders that you don't mess around . 
I love how most everyone in my Psychology class complained to my teacher about having the tests online and about how hard they are . Wow , REALLY ? She even stated that it's open-note/open-book . What is wrong with you people ?? 
J.K. Rowling said she MAY write an 8th , 9th , and 10th < PROPMALE > Potter book , but it's not a definite . Too late , < PROPFEMALE > ; I already have my hopes up . 
I made the highest score out of everyone on my first Nutrition test . Must have been the < PROPMALE > chicken nuggets I had for breakfast . 
I was talking to < PROPFEMALE > on the phone and she told me to hold on a second , and then she started arguing with < PROPFIRST > , and all of the sudden I hear her yell , \Well you're already fat ; what's your excuse ?? \ " I busted my gut . " 
If eLearn had a baby maker , I'd punch it . 
No , Colonel Sanders ; YOU'RE wrong . 
I hate this kind of morning . You know , the kind where you wake up from an absolutely glorious sleep , and not naturally because you want to , but by alarm because you have to . I think I would give up an appendage to drift off again . 
I am officially a paid nutrition tutor at Chattanooga State . :) 
You have brains in your head , you have feet in your shoes ; you can steer yourself any direction you choose . 
Kyle : ( while poking at my belly button)\ 
Your tummy is cold ... is there a little Yeti in there ? 
Do not pity the dead . Pity the living , and , above all , those who live without love . 
I'mma dude ... he's a dude ... she's a dude ... cause we're all dudes ! HEY ! 
Soooo ... me and < PROPFIRST > just watched the first Saw . That movie was amazing . 
I can't stand when people constantly run their mouths during class like a show-off , or repeat the same things the teacher says in question form in an attempt to sound intelligent . One who knows the most speaks the least . 
Attention , Facebook ... school sucks . That is all . 
“And if you faithfully obey the voice of the Lord your God , being careful to do all his commandments that I command you today , the Lord your God will set you high above all the nations of the earth . And all these blessings shall come upon you and overtake you , if you obey the voice of the Lord your God . \ -Deuteronomy 28:1 -2\ 
I had a dream last night that I was part of a research team and a pack of raptors were trying to kill us in a house . It was intense . 
Me : \So ... you had a dream that you and I were watching a movie about a cult 
That's the plan : rule the world . You and me , any day . 
I'm just a bird that's already flown away . 
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast ; a wild beast may wound your body , but an evil friend will wound your mind . 
And what it all comes down to is that everything's gonna be fine , fine fine . Cause I got one hand in my pocket , and the other one's giving a high-five . 
Every Sorting Hat test that I've ever taken has put me in Slytherin . What about you guys ? 
And like a flood , His mercy reigns . Unending love , amazing grace . 
School makes my brain hurt . Is it Christmas yet ? 
Slaying monsters , flying kites . 
I'm in one of the best moods ever . 
Kids with special needs aren't sick or gross or stupid , and their handicap is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted and loved . Can I make a request : is anyone willing to post this and leave it as your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education Week . 
You know what ? Studying can wait until tomorrow . I'm making Chinese food and playing the Sims 3 . 
\Nitwit ! Blubber ! Oddment ! Tweak ! \ " -Albus Dumbledore " 
The newsfeed has now become a complete waste of my life because EVERYBODY and their mamas are doing that cornball number thing . 
I should be studying for my final tomorrow ... but I'm wrapping presents . :D 
I'm making baked chicken wrapped in bacon . Cause everything's better with bacon . 
Human/Growth Dev final : 95\ 
Nutrition final : 97\ 
Anatomy Lab final : 97\ 
Three down , two to go ... :3 
I made pollo loco tonight and it was AMAZINGGG . 
Just finished wrapping more presents ... me and < PROPFIRST > are making Christmas cookies and hot chocolate . :3 
\Trashy people only eat hot pockets and fish sticks . \"" 
Me : \I need a shower 
I got the work study scholarship ! I am now working in the records office , and my supervisor is SOOOOOO nice . :D 
My mom just called me her \little abolitionist . \ " Bahahahahaha . " 
I love how in college , when you need something , someone instructs you to go somewhere . You follow their instructions , and whoever you find there tells you that you need to go see someone else . You go to that person , and they tell you to go to another place . Finally , the third person looks at you like you're an alien from outer space and they have no idea what you are talking about or why you are there bothering them . 
“Once upon a time , there was a girl I knew who lived across the street . Brown hair , brown eyes . When she smiled , I smiled . When she cried , I cried . Every single thing that ever happened to me that mattered , in some way , had to do with her . \ -The Wonder Years (: " 
I'm sick of three things : 1 ) math class , 2 ) people calling < PROPFIRST > Bieber a girl and/or joking that he has not hit puberty , and 3 ) people cracking jokes about Lady Gaga's privates . She does not have male genitalia . 
“You really shouldn’t say ‘I love you’ unless you mean it . But if you mean it , you should say it a lot . People forget . ” - < PROPFEMALE > , age 8\ 
KIDS . ARE . SO . CUTE . ^ 
People need to stop giving M . Night Shyamalan so much crap . Sure , he made a couple bad movies , so what ? He's still an amazing writer and director . 
... is it summer yet ? 
Soooo , I totally got an A on my anatomy test . Not sure how that happened , but okay . 
I'm writing my essay on why public school teachers/substitutes should be drug tested before getting hired , and why it is okay for the school system to administer random drug tests on faculty members . Any thoughts/suggestions from all you bright minds would be much appreciated . ;) 
A centipede was just crawling up my arm in the shower . Needless to say , I am fully awake this morning . 
\Dear < PROPFEMALE > 
Insidious was ... interesting ... o.O 
