is glad he's back in the great state of Mississippi 

Just got done mowing the yard . What an exciting day ! 
Just saw the funniest thing in the history of the world on tv . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z4t6zNZ-b0A 
Just got back from St. < PROPFIRST > and is really tired . 
is really tired 
Just found out < PROPFIRST > Mays died from smoking crack . I didn't see that one coming . 
Just found out I have to get surgery on my knee after fooball season . What a great day . 
Just got through with a bike ride across the great town of < PROPMALE > 
Just got his learner's Permit and is feeling pretty good . 
is getting ready to go to the Mississippi State game . 
is getting ready to go to the Mississippi State game 
Jacksonville's fireworks were amazing . Happy new year everybody . 
On my way home from Jacksonville , with a sunburn . I'm moving to Florida . 
is going to Starkville ! 
Waking up in the morning and realizing that you don't have to go to school is the greatest feeling in the world , and tomorrow I get to experience that . 
Just got back from watching MacGruber , it's pretty much the greatest movie ever made . 
Why did so many Ole Miss douchebags have to name their kids after < PROPMALE > Manning ? If you absolutely have to name your kid after a college football player at least name them after one that's good . I can't even go to my little brother's baseball game without hearing some random people constantly call out my name . 
is eating beef jerkey and watching < PROPMALE > Texas Ranger . 
I'm not feeling too great , who would have thought tater tots and a Sonic Blast aren't the best things to eat before you run sprints . 
thinks it's cool that his grandfather has a picture of < PROPFIRST > F . Kennedy and < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > above his dinner table . 
can't wait for < PROPMALE > to get back from Washington . 
MANswers is like the dumbest show ever made , but I can't stop watching it . 
is registering to go to school at Tupelo tomorrow . Goodbye South Pontotoc . 
I filled out my schedule at Tupelo today and they told me I have to read the books for the summer reading program . By next Monday . Noooooooo . 
Driver Ed/Multimedia , English 3 acc ., U.S. History AP , Spanish 1 , Human A&P , Lunch , Algebra 2 , Football . Sounds like a blast . 
My first day of school was great . 
The words essay and gay rhyme for a reason . 
Just got back from the pre-season game at Ole Miss . It's hot outside . 
I will turn 16 in six days , get my driver's license in five weeks , and get my braces taken off in four months . I've waited so long because of setbacks , and things are finally going to come together . 
I found out at football today that I graded out at 90% in the pre-season game . I was playing in the second group , but that's still pretty good I guess . 
Whenever I ask people in the office at school when my computer is going to be in they always say they don't know . I guess the stars will align and the Apple truck will magically appear in the parking lot one day . Until then I will keep working twice as hard as everybody else and keep getting speeches on how I don't need to download programs on my imaginary computer . 
Just got a birthday card from Ole Miss , but it's a little late . Mississippi State sent me a card the day before my birthday , and it had a picture of Bully dressed up in a tuxedo on it . I was already going to go to State , but now I definitely am . 
My first game at Tupelo ! 
can't wait to go to Starkville . 
Finally , it's time to go to Starkville . 
Just got back from Starkville . hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha . This is too good to be true . Hotty Toddy !!! 
I want to go fishing soooooo bad , but my dad is sick and can't go . 
can't wait to see Mississippi State beat Auburn tomorrow and see Tupelo beat Louisville Friday . 
Oh well , it could always be worse . We could have lost to Jacksonville State . hahahaha 
Just two more weeks until I get my license . 
Flim flam bim bam , Ole Miss aint worth a damn . 
Tupelo won tonight . Mississippi State is going to win tomorrow . And I'm getting my driver's license Monday . Oh Yeah !!! 
What have I become ? I have a < PROPMALE > now , and I got something to drink in Starbucks today . I'm so ashamed of myself . 
hopes he passes is driving test tomorrow . 
Alright , I'm switching to Shrek on Cartoon Network . I don't want to watch the rest of this game . 
Had a great time at Cravin Catfish with < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , Tate < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > McAuley , < PROPMALE > McWhirter , McKinnon < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , and < PROPMALE > McCarty . 
I think I'll just save my trash talk for later . 
I just finished my algebra rap for Ms. Inman's class ... Hopefully nobody else will ever see it . 
Gator Bowl ! Gator Bowl ! Gator Bowl ! 
just rescued a little puppy from the highway . 
is watching Dude Where's My Car while laying in bed sick . 
Just four more days until Florida . 
Today I conquered Atlanta , tomorrow , Jacksonville . 
Just two more months , and the braces come off . 
No school tomorrow ! The party continues . 
Getting ready for DNOW ! 
