spending new years at home :/ 

happy new year !!! 
Just ordered my first Marchinkiewicz's Mouthpiece Hope I like it 
anyone want to play duets tomorrow ? 
Off to warm up for the day !! I hope no one is in the building so i can warm up in the lobby and watch it snow !!! 
Had a wonderful night , can't wait to get in the pool today !! 
They talked me into a different phone .... Back to Motorola !! Not to sure what to think . 
Just working on today 
has been a non-smoker for a month ! :) 
hates everything going on in my life right now ! I need a change ! Can't wait for school to start !! :) 
wondering how the rain made the pool so so green 
The pool is back up ? anyone want to come out tomorrow and swim ? 
:( All my buddies are at work !! 
Gettin in the pool !! aww sun 
laying out in the pool !!! 
In the middle of no where teaching a Band camp ! Missing someone special ! 
Back to School party at my house next week ? who's interested ? 
hanging in J-Town with my best friend < PROPFIRST > !!! 
On more sectional and band camp is over !! Looking forward to coming home , sad that the one person I want to see is ignoring me . :( 
Big lunch takin a nap and falling asleep to The Sword in the Stone !! 
Needs a new profile picture :/ 
ready for bed 
Had a bad day but the Hummingbirds make it better ! 
Can't believe that on Thursday I will have been a non-smoker for 3 months ! 
First day of school !!! Why is it raining ? 
trying to talk friends from home to come see me !! 
loves his new office chair !! 
Doesn't want to go to school tomorrow !! 
sucks at life !! But had a good lunch ! =) 
soaking in a hot bubble bath with candles and music !! They say this is relaxing but i just find it a bit boring ?? 
wondering how the day will turn out 
thinks after the day's events moving would be the best idea ! 
wonder's what life was like without Hulu ? 
dreading the long Monday at school ! 
is upset he hurt is friend today ! 
Had the first trumpet ensemble rehearsal .... :) sometimes I love School !!! 
is glad God put < PROPMALE > in my life ! :) 
is watching Stargate SG-1 in his office and missing his baby ! 
off to Jazz band ! 
had a GREAT lesson !! 
is at his friend < PROPFIRST>'s house . 
Moving on thursday ... I need to borrow a big Truck and one more guy who can lift things ??? ANY HELP PLEASE 
is moved in to his new apt .... 
is wondering how after giving so much life will not return the favor ? 
is practicing late tonight .... 
is thinking about someone special !! 
is looking forward to another day of practice and rehearsals . 
can't think of a better way to wake up and got a new hair cut !!! 
is taking a break from practicing to eat and clean his horn !! 
just got done practicing ... Skipping Torelli but thinking the lips will thank me tomorrow !!! 
just got internet and cable at his apartment !! 
just got done practicing for my recital ... 
just got done listening to the St. < PROPFIRST > Brass Quintet rehearse for 3 hours ... :) 
just cleaned the new apt ... food then practice 
just took a gig on Thanksgiving Day :/ ... and had an outer Arkansas Experience , I got to play for < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > Sasaki !!! FREAKING COOL !! 
Food , Clean Trumpet , Concert , then Rehearsal ! :) 
just got home maybe an early night ? 
is feeling down ... and has locked himself in a practice room 
blah 
is about to cook himself dinner . 
didn't practice yesterday and only for 2 hours today ! :( Thinking of going later 
very sad about current events , needs time to contemplate ! 
everyone is up so early ??? WHY ? 
that \thing\ " in the room told me in my dream that this would happen . " 
watching a movie then practicing all day woot woot 
had a great warm-up , loves when High G's come out with ease ! 
is actually having a great day ! 
I set my alarm everyday to go to this morning brass warm-up class , and my dumb brain talks me out of it everytime .... 
My little Jr. High student went from 5th chair to 2nd in 3 lessons !! NOW TO WORK ON 1st HAHA 
OK it's time to play nervous !!! I NEED some people to come listen to me play through my recital ... Dress rehearsal is the 12th and if not that day some other time will be fine !! PLEASE 
wonderful 15 1/2 hour day ! Time to sleep , rinse , and repeat !! 
Great day ! Learned alot about ! Thanks MR . C 
is upset because his lips aren't working today ... And I have to play for the Veterans Day events here on Campus !! :( O NO WHAT TO DO !!! 
is super excited about seeing his < PROPMALE > this weekend !! 
dress rehearsal tonight at 9:00 pm ... Come one come all make me nervous !!! PLEASE 
....... hour before the dress rehearsal ..... focus .... a little coffee .... listening ..... 
Thanks to all who attended my dress rehearsal ... Now only thing left is to work on one piece everyday and run through the recital everyday I don't have a concert !! 
blah blah blah ...... feels like a rain morning Monday ... want to go to bed ! 
Is thinking about practicing tonight ? 
pizza , laundry , Bruckner , then bed 
Lips are gone .. must retire for the day 
is sooo bored 
is excited about not having school today and haning out with < PROPFIRST > !! 
off to warm-up 
lips survived the recital run through ... :) two more run throughs , one dress rehearsal , and the the big day !!! excited !!! :) 
... commenting on my facebook watching < PROPFIRST > clean facebook fish tanks on his computer and checking facebook messages on his phone ... we are all facebooky today 
BIG DAY !!! Locked in the green room and staying focused !! 
Recital = Success !!! Not perfect but learned so much and can't wait on next semesters program !! OK , maybe it's aready planed out !! HAHA !!! Sleep tonight practice tomorrow !!! 
in orchestra Chillin =) 
learning some ASL before I go to bed ! 
is pissed at his skin !!! 
damn soy sauce on the dress pants !! and my favorate ! ERR hope the pocket shout out wipes fixed it !! 
did a good job on his theory final !! I think I'm done with school ? Other than concerts ? 
thinks his weekend is best decribled as his best friend would say , \Woot !! \"" 
just had a nightmare ( well maybe ) about having to play the trumpet shall sound without any music at a church gig !! lol , how funny ! 
super excited about my practicing today !!! Back to the basics and .... Orchestral excerpts !! lol lets see if i can get 5 hours in ! 
My dad is the super most cool guy ever !! Who ever gives you money to get other people christmas gifts !! 
Ok , Had a rehearsal this morning at 8:15 . Alarm went off at 6:45 and I hit the snooze ! Wrong idea ... woke up at 8 ! I Brushed my teeth then got dress and left . I was 3 minutes early . Walk in they are already playing ? sit down realized i've forgot my belt . No big deal , get done at rehearsal and then realize I had on two different types of shoes on . God help me 
just made pizza sauce ... home made pizza here i come !!! 
Now i know how my parents felt when they try get me Christmas presents . To bad a card and money isn't going to work . LOL 
going to Jonesboro next week !! 
Wow amazing super spit !! 
in jonesboro for a few days !! 
Ok just putting this out there : 1 . blinker : One that blinks , especially a light that blinks in order to convey a message or warning . ( Use it ! It helps me from running up your tail pipe ! ) 2 . Speed limits : the maximum permitted speed at which a vehicle may travel on certain roads ( and yes it is just as dangerous to drive way under the speed limit , if you can't drive the speed limit take a cab !! ) 
just did Christmas with < PROPFIRST > , and he loved them !! YEAH !!! 
back to practicing !!! :/ 
Trumpet playing is going CRAPY the past couple of days !!! errr pisses me off 
Freaking cool place to get food : < PROPMALE>'s Good Food 2223 Cedar , Little Rock Ar .... Open everyday 11am-5pm . Ok you ready for the crazy part : 8-10lbs of food for $6 . Mrs. < PROPMALE > is awesome ! She'll take care of you if you keep going back ! Hint : Red building on the corner of Cedar and 23rd or 24th ?? Good soul food for cheap !! 
is depressed ! 
just got out of his lesson with < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and North Texas ! OMG ... SWEETNESS !!! I was like a kid in a < PROPFEMALE > store who never seen < PROPFEMALE > before ! This is the place for me ! 
taking himself out to the movies ... going to watch daybreakers 
just realized that there are cookies in my kitchen ... my names not on them but i'm going to have a few lol ;p 
Is playing with < PROPMALE > Hamlisch next month !!! SWEET !!! 
thinks he might be sick ? but not to sure , stomach hurts , head is pounding , and has NO energy ? 
is playing with his new < PROPMALE > Book Pro !!! 
doctor says take a week off from playing trumpet ... I've sprained my abs ... I'll compromise and take two days off ... 
I can't believe it's snowing again !!! This is crazy !! 
ok new day .... Goals : Stay healthy all day , Practice orchestral Excerpts , Don't drop a trumpet or let my sickness control the day !! 
morning practice sessions blah blah 
got his trumpet back today ... 10 days until UNT auditions !! if anyone needs me i'll be at home eating , sleeping , or in my office practicing !! 
has had three practice sessions today ... even got to where he could stand up and play despite his side hurting !! 
my dryer has the loudest longest buzzer I've ever heard . 
is tired of watching \The Little Couple\ " someone let me borrow a movie or some kind of series !!! " 
office lady at UNT said i didn't apply to the College of Music ... Went online and looked at my application , still there and completed ??? Why is this happening ??? 
yeah today isn't a 12 hour day !! sweet !! 
somehow got sick again !! :( So tired of being sick and tired ! 
Life is so funny ! Don't you hate it ! 
is so so tired !!! Too many performances , too much practicing , I think I might be getting older :( Not cool !! what happened to the days when I could stay up for ever on end and still have enough to go all day ?? 
So confused ... 
just got done playing Mahler Symphony No . 2 with the Arkansas Symphony Orchestra ! next one is tomorrow at 2 come see it ! 
Has figured out that he is getting old because it takes longer than a couple of days to figure out my new phone 
Is falling in love ... With his phone 
Just got his masters ! Sweet 
wants to go out drinking in little rock for graduation ... Anyone want to go ? 
Headed to jonesboro 
I'm in < PROPFEMALE > Claus Indiana and if you drive through the nothing till you get a hill there is a huge < PROPFEMALE > almost looks like a castle 
is really pissed off ! 
ring ring ring what a weekend of handbells !! 
Had a Smart phone , iphone , and a nav system but a paper map saved the day ! 
Summer is here and I need a job ! Blah 
Thinks it is way to early for Spanish Christian rock ! 
is bored in little rock ! Anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? 
is staying at a house with no hot water or showers and since a cold bath is a big negative .... Is there anywhere in little rock I can take a shower ! :) 
going to pinnacle ! 
is it bad that my heart is racing because I might be able to go swimming 
about to go work out for the first time of the summer\ 
not going to be fun ... wish i had someone to spot me i really need to < PROPMALE > out 
off to the tanning bed 
Stuck in conway someone with a pool save me !! haha 
Date-a-gay-oholic = when a girl is afraid of dating a dude because she is worried he is gay ! 
Thinks he has had two too many red bulls ! 
Had a very bad dream 
Is finally up and wants to swim lol 
Sweet ! Pool , drink , sun , and friends 
Headed to jtown 
finally knows what a real relationship is like !!! Must be nice for all of those who knew already . 
I must be dreaming my phone company just gave me the hot spot function for free ?? 
Note to self : If you save your gig money though out the year , you wouldn't have to work at pizza inn to make money in the summer . :( 
boo work 
just wants to sleep all day ! It's a sad day ! 
Just watching a movie with a private investigator and they blurred out the license plate number while she read it off ?? CONFUSED ?? 
Stopped smoking for about 2 months and was disappointed in myself all day because I smoked at a party and just now realized it was a dream ! 
Finally UP !!! HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE ! 
In jonesboro 
Needs a part time job or juust a way to make a little cash !! 
Off and in Little Rock ! 
Pool party tomorrow in Little Rock ! SUPER FUN !! 
I'm going swimmin in little rock today anyone want to join !! 
Just realized he is in jonesboro for the entire week with one concert ? Don't leave for nashville till saturday ! What am I going to do ? :( 
Is going to the park to walk this 117.5 lbs doberman ! 
< PROPFEMALE > frappe sweetness !! 
Wish my phone would charge 
Headed to Nashville ! Wooot !! 
Agehr.org is where I'll be all day today and tomorrow !! 
Super good rehearsal for the ASU Ringers before the big performance ! 
I guess if I want my phone to charge through my computer I need to plug up my computer both were completly dead this morning ! 
Back in little rock ! I want to swim haah !! 
If your going to pay someone through the mail and pay them less then what was discussed then at least tell them ! Now I got to come up wit $80 today ! Err 
In little rock with nothing to do !! Text me ! 
Back in conway for a week 
Ok Ok i'm up ! 
About to be done !! One more month of no effort and no thought and i'm out the door , Mr. ! 
Up and ready for the pool !! TEXT ME !! 
Headed to jonesoro 
Getting a hair cut 
been teaching 9th-12th grade trumpets at band camp for two days ! Kids did very good today !!! 
Camp is over !! Super proud of my trumpets ! Good job guys ! 
Everytime I over sleep my dreams are freaking crazy !! 
Working blah !! 
Anyband directors need a trumpet teacher ? I have lots of daytime free this semester ! 
Broke another handle to my car ! Errr !! 
Can anyone Modify my Xbox ? I'll pay ? 
So bored at work 
Today I finally got everything set up in the recording booth for the recital hall !! ready for sound check !! 
Finally think I'm going to eat some solid food today ! 
Is sooo sick ! :( 
is ready to be let down ! 
Miss my best friend < PROPFIRST > Smith !!! 
Has had a long day ! 
No more playing till sunday :) sweet 
It's so early 
Must take nap to recharge my lips ! 
One more gig and then JONESBORO to see my < PROPFIRST > !! 
Wow when I sleep in I get crazy dreams ! My mouth was full of glass and I couldn't get it out ! 
It's so hard not showing up early to a gig but if the call time is a hour and a half before downbeat I guess I'll just show up right on time ! 
Need my peeps at Green County Tech to tell me when band is monday so i can visit 
would like to thank Arban for the unending things I need to work on ! 
had a good time with his best friend < PROPFIRST > tonight ! 
Feels much better now !! 
Wants to think God for showing me the truth ! Even though it hurts sometimes ! I've been lost but it's time to forget the past and commit to things more present ! Time to find the happiness I've lost and be a better person ! So if you see me messin up slap me haha 
Has the best daddy in the world ! 
Is playing principal trumpet in both orchestras for the rest of the year ! How did this happen ? 
Wish me luck ! Eight performances in the next 11 days ! 
Ok maybe traffic wasn't bad today ! Just an hour early lol 
bar or practice ? 
Sweet it is so nice outside ! I'm opening the windows ! 
Is going to turn in his two week notice at pizza inn ! This place is crazy ! 
Felt so down didn't get out of bed till 1 !! 
Last practice session for the week ! 7 performances 6 days here I come !! 
Why is 7/4 so weird to count ? 
Friend : \Who is playing ? \ " ME : \ " A Tuba Ensemble\ " Friend : \ " What ? < PROPFIRST > Sprinkles ??? \"" 
so so bored 
I guess I shouldn't be surprised that I'm still warmed up from the 7 hours of rehearsal yesterday 
wish my head would stop pounding so i could practice 
Two thumbs up for < PROPMALE > for his freaking cool solo in orchestra today 
Is Loving the crazy gig weekend from hell ! 
Ok only in Arkansas can you go Trick or Treating and see Rednecks dressed up like Rednecks ! 
Omg felt so good to sleep in today ! Now back on the road ! 
Practice or sleep ?? 
Ok question ? You practice and practice and the best you ever sound is when you stop thinking and just play ? does that cross over to everything or do you have some \thinking\ " practice before you have \ " just playing\ " practice ? " 
is amazed on how much is involved in applying for Graduate Schools 
Ok got it ! I'll do my daily warm up everyday 
Man three church services before 1 makes me tired 
Come watch the Faculty Quintet tonight at 7:30 ... Solos by all and a couple of quintets ! 
bored .... 
omg ... I needed that nap ... I've never felt so tired . 
bored 
All audition dates are set in stone ! DMA here I come ! 
New york times app is free ! Arkansas online app is not ? Ummm that's messed up ! 
Finally an xray on my belly ! After three years of pain this doctor has got it down ! 
Why is it when something is wrong with me I need a specialist ?? Damn it people I don't have insurance ! 
Umm wasn't supposed to nap this long ! Woops 
is falling in love with modern family 
damn it my side hurts .... 
20 minute rehearsal , italian food , and a movie ! Fun night ! 
Yawn ! A.m. Gig blah ! Need starbucks ! 
They are playing lots of brass stuff on npr today ! Great players too ! 
Little rock friends ! Hungry ! Go to mamma waynes for some soul food ! Cheep 6.50 to 7.50 for 8 to 10 pounds of food ! On the corner of 23rd and cedar ! I got turkey and dressing today ! 
Be in jonesboro/ paragould for the next week ? Anyone want to play duets ? Quintet ? Or any old students want a lesson ? 
Playing at the catholic church in jonesboro ! Come listen concert starts at 11 pm 
I've been at church for 6 hours today ! 
back in conway ! 
is very sad and the weather isn't helping 
What to do tonight ?? Umm 
is still sick 
off to practice !! 
anyone at UCA ready to put something on general recital I want to put a few things on this month and need some more people to sign up for it 
taking the day off from practicing .... hopefully i can get a good 4 hours tomorrow ! :) 
Off to practice ! 
new sleeping pills work i'm up early and feel great 
My TrumCor mute came in today sweet 
dang it ... I put a piece of music last semester somewhere where I wouldn't loose it and now I can't remember where that place would be ... :( 
Ok Ok , I know that < PROPMALE > Friedman Solus for Unaccompanied Trumpet is hard ... #1 . It's harder then it should be because of the way your directed to play it .... #2 . It's so out there ... I feel like I'm a saxophone when I try to play it .... \ 
\ 
I guess I just don't get why someone would want to play it ... other than to say , \Hey I performed that super hard piece by Friedman . \"" 
17 hours of practice in 6 days ? It seems like I practice all the time but thinking that number should be like 24 hours 
On the way to florida state ! 
it's amazing how much you can think when you in a car for 12 hours 
it's amazing the stuff I get myself into sometimes . I wish I would of never slipped up . 
Sweet audition over . Went ok , response problems but other than that I nailed the hard parts haha . At least he said for me to stick around to meet with him after he gets done . 
Nervous :/ 
Feels like he drank to much last night .... But I didn't drink anything .... 
:) 
You ever get the feeling that someone does or says things just so they don't hurt your feelings ? I don't even think I know how to de with that ? 
Is havin a great night 
There is 36 percent of Beef in Taco < PROPFEMALE>'s beef ... Ok cross that one of the list 
All dressed up for a great night !! 
Is is spring ? It's hot outside ! 
Note to self : stop taking 5 hour energy shots before a performance ! With 8,333 percent of my daily value of B-12 and nerves I kind of feel like a crack head . :( 
I need an organist to help make a CD 
Wow that was a sweet nap ! Lol 
It will be a long rehearsal tonight 
Is on the road to < PROPFIRST > tx ! 
Is pissed off ! Snow has totally messed my week up ! Audition was cancelled can't get to my other audition tomorrow in denton tx . Not that it matters they got lots of snow there ! Got to wait for everything to clear to go home plus keep playing today in case they can fit me in tomorrow for an audition at ut < PROPFIRST > ! O and btw I just starting get a fevor , not that I even care about that at this point . 
Sweet action ! Audition 11:50 ! Now the wait ! 
Audition was super fun ! I did such a good job ! 
There are two speeds in texas : speeding and omg way too fast ! 
doesn't know whats is going on , but I'm playing great today ! 
wants to sleep but Brahms keeps playing in my head ..... 
is not happy about < PROPFIRST > leaving conway to go to work this morning in little rock . aahhhhhh i'm worried ! 
just buzzed a high D on the mouthpiece !! :) 
ensemble music practiced !! What now 
think i'm just cooking to stop from being bored 
shower , practice , then more boredom 
Going to ocharley's with my friend < PROPFIRST > . 
Bottled water is bad for pregnant women ! Bet you didn't know that ! Why do they not tell us this ! There is NO regulations on water quality in bottled water ! Tell ur friends ! Help the future of human kind ! 
bored ......... 
\Practice room calls in the distance\ " Me : \ " Ok ok i'm up ... let me eat and i'll be there shortly \"" 
wonders why someone ask you not to do something then turns around and does it themselves ? confused and disappointed 
likes 3rd rock from the sun ... 
Memphis accepted me on the spot ! At least I know I got into one of the schools I applied too ! 
back home :) 
Lol , earthquake sweet ! 
what to do tonight ? ummm .................... 
excited about tonight !! 
Finally found a recording of Deep Summer Music by < PROPFEMALE > Larsen 
Got to sleep in finally ! 
just got an email saying I got in to UNT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! OMG I don't know what to do with myself !!!!!!!!!! 
trumpet cleaning day 
dreams got me and a bad mood this morning :( 
needs a workout < PROPMALE > !! 
late practice but still practice haha 
Is moving in 6 months :( ... I'm going to miss my Arkansas Friends ! 
I've been thinking so much I took the toothpaste just now while in the shower , put some in my hand , and then almost put it in my hair thinking it was shampoo . 
Ok just figured out that I got into Florida State too . 
Watch your thoughts ; they become words . Watch your words ; they become actions . Watch your actions ; they become habits . Watch your habits ; they become character . Watch your character ; it becomes your < PROPFEMALE > . – Unknown 
feels like ..... blah blah 
going out tonight in Conway ! Anyone one else want to go ? 
