just got back from meps and i am sworn in as one of the minnesota national gaurd 

woke up this morning to find that his mom's alliance in ikariam.org in world gamma has beaten his navy and sent his troops home ... and is now planning a very hostile revenge !!!! 
has finally fixed the computer ! 
had fun last night with my relatives and playing apples to apples 
is excited the new version of ikariam comes out on thuesday !!! ( now complete with noob friendlyness ) 
Zombieland = great movie !!!! 
is leavin for florida in the morning ! 
is relaxin at disney world ! 
is totally pissed he lost a battle cause of some stupid bombs in ikariam . and yet his opponent was beaten into nothingness ... i may have lost but i didnt lose much . must ... pwn ... biggles 
is sittin in downtown disney in a smoke shop smokin an awesome cigar ... yummmmmy ! 
had a good thanksgiving but misses < PROPFIRST > :( 
BROWNIES !!!!! 
thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
tryin to get this damn printer working 
my phone is workin again but i need ppls #'s . message me with them 
is gonna go frolfing at blue ribbon in east < PROPFEMALE > next week . anyone wanna come ? 
“It is better to reenter hell and become an angel , than to remain in \ 
heaven and become a demon . ” 
hates that damn virus that disguises itself as windows virus detection ... :( 
It is better to re-enter hell to become an angel than to stay in heaven and become a demon ... 
Attempting to give a fuck : ??????????????????? ] 99% Complete ... ERROR ! : Unable to give a fuck . 
\See 
The world is full of strange phenomena that cannot be\ 
explained by the laws of logic or science . < PROPFIRST > Rodman is only one \ 
example . 
I'm never wrong . I once thought I was wrong , turns out , I was mistaken . 
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you . 
I am an UN-APOLOGETIC AMERICAN ! I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . It is a shame we no longer ... do that for fear of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how ... many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this and not care about offending someone ! 
aced hole 11 at < PROPMALE > today !!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
found an interesting copy of the bhagavad < PROPFEMALE > ... let the philosophizing begin !!! 
... T-BAG ... 
Today's horoscope : Capricorn : You'll receive a recorded message from your future self in which you appear extremely insistent that an unspecified person be thanked for a waffle recipe . Also a journey of self-improvement ends almost before it starts when you find out there's a kind of waffle stuffed with cheese and booze . 
my horoscope this week : All your hard work will finally pay off this week , but not , of course , for you . 
