Very confused 

is slightly less confused . Granny and aunt < PROPFIRST > need to go to their farms . I weeded them . 
Tired . Up too late last night , still up to late tonight . 
Spending the day in the kitchen . Making apple pies and then apple dip . Gotta love fall 
Get to go home tonight , watch my House , and go to bed ... hopefully before midnight tonight . 
Getting sick , don't even know if I should go home tonight since my < PROPFEMALE > just has surgery on her face . Feel like shit , it sucks 
Got me a laptop . So happy ! 
My baby girl doesn't feel good and I don't like it 
my baby girl has a strep infection . 
tired 
Facebook trick : Press Up , Up , Down , Down , Left , Right , Left , Right , B , A , Enter key , Right click , Then press up & down & magic circleswill appear ! The only way to stop it is to log of ... ( yarr)f or reload thepage ... IT WILL WORK ! Put this as your status is IF IT WORKED FOR YOU ! 
Chaos 
Happy Birthday Shorty :( Wish I could be with you 
??? d ? no ? o ? uo sI ?? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ' s ?? s s ?? ???? ? no ?? n ? I ? o ? ?? nou ? ???? s ??? no ? ? I 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ya'll . Time to go night-night me thinks 
Happy new year everyone . There are enough stupid , drunk people out , you don't need to be one of them . 
Happy Birthday Brie Brie . Wish I was with you :( 
I hate mondays 
I never know what to write on this thing 
I'm only gonna be a teenager for one more day ! I'm too young to be that damn old ! 
I am a teenager no mores :/ 
I has a new phone and it is amazing :P 
Yay ! I finally finished my first block of classes ! Waited till yesterday to start my finals ... um ... don't think I'm gonna do that next time . :-) 
Haven't had a cigarette in over 36 hours now . I haven't killed anything yet ... things are looking good so far . :-) Hopefully I quit for good . 
Delegation is great 
So bored 
eddft5gfyubhgtrdstnjhuoonjkghyr 
Watched the fireworks on my front porch with my mommy . Well , we watched 10 minutes worth anyway . They're not worth the mosquitoes like they used to be when I was little but they were still good . 
The day is good 
It is too damn hot 
www.wwwdotcom.com 
Hey , I have a new Samsung Epic with a second battery and external battery charger , screen protectors , a hard plastic case and two chargers . I am trying to sell it all for 500 . It is a Sprint phone a retails for 600 without the extra accessories . If you're interested message me or call me if you have my number . Thanks ! 
Against the grain should be a way of life\ 
\ 
What's worth the prize is always worth the fight\ 
Every second counts ' cause there's no second try\ 
So live like you'll never live it twice 
Happy thanksgiving everyone 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas all 
* WARNING *** The National Weather Service has issued a Flash Flood Warning for Chicago , IL and surrounding areas for Sunday the 23rd of January . This warning will be in effect from 2:00 pm until 6:00 pm . This Flash Flood will be caused by the tears of the Bear Fans as they watch their crazy Superbowl dreams fade away . Crying will intensify as the game goes on 
I gots a car ! Yay ! 
Stupid snow 
Not enough time in the damn day 
