Lesson of the day , \A truly good friend will openly correct you . You can trust a friend who corrects you but kisses from an enemy are nothing but lies . \ " Prov 27:5 -6 " 

sigh 
I will punch that thesis in the face ! :) 
Just submitted a Thesis .... That's right .... I have an < PROPFEMALE > in Psychology :) 
Has tornadoes chasing her through South < PROPFEMALE > 
Resting comfortably in Yellowstone :) 
Saw buffalo , dear , and bald eagles but still likes Yosemite better than Yellowstone 
Back in Cali Yay !!!! 
Is in need of employment .... research anyone ? 
Lesson learned when you call the credit card company to use money it says you have they reduce your limit . Bank of < PROPFEMALE > Sucks 
There seems to generally be no employment in the state of California 
$100 in free food from Claim Jumper .... nice ! Things are finally going my way , at least I wont starve :) 
Hates Double Standards 
Happy sigh ... got a nice bulldog asleep in my lap and a job interview set up . Good deal :) 
< PROPFIRST > Moore Sucks ! 
Has decided that credit card companies may be out to desroy everyone's credit ... even when you pay your bills 
Here we go again time to apply for grad school :) Getting an early start this year . 
Is thinking after 5 months of rejection it is nice to have employers fight over me :) 
Is finally employed in Research at UCLA starting Monday :) 
GRE I'll drink your milkshake !!! I will destroy you if it is the last thing I do ! You have not beaten me yet ... 
Has thousands of screaming Twilight fans outside her door . Man I love working in LA :) 
Tired of Double Standards 
< PROPFIRST > Lambert just scarred my eyes and ears on the AMAs .... whyyyyyyyyyyy ! 
meh 
Is not getting pushed around any more . Bullies suck ! 
Ahhhhh silence is < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Happy Thanksgiving to all :) 
Getting ready to own the GRE :) Pray for my brain not to fail me :) 
4 down 5 more to go ... 
Happy New Year ! I dont know about anyone else but I am praying for an improvement over 2010 so 2011 let's see what you got ! 
Presenting at my first conference :) 
Meandered through Central Park and ate at the Carnegie Deli ..... now back to Cali 
thank you all for the birthday wishes . I am so blessed to have so many great friends in my life . 
Soooooo sleepy ... 
Feels icky 
You can still go anywhere ... so why are you here ? 
Ugh ! Why is the perfect P h.D. mentor never accepting students .... oh well doesnt hurt to ask . 
Quabity Ashwitz ! 
God Bless the maker of Tylenol with Codeine ! 
Had fun with her future sister . Six more days :) 
Having a great day ! 
Ahhhhhhhh my brother is getting married !!!!!! 
Congrats to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > :) And now I am looking forward to a quiet weekend after the last three packed out wedding weekends ;) Love you both ! 
Has the sniffles :( 
Feels great 
Go < PROPFIRST > ! that's right I'm rooting for him why should Ally be the only one with choices . 
Made a janitors worst nightmare come true at the natural history museum when I came down with a migraine ... sigh oh well my dignity was bruised but we still had a fun day :) 
Oh number 13 tooth ... why do you hurt me so ? Havent I been good to you ? Why do you torture me ? 
Step two of the root canal done ..... Today I look like the Joker with my saggy lip :) Oh well its all over soon right ? Now pardon me while I drool . 
Movin and Shakin 
Proud of my baby :) 
Thought I was going home from work at 2AM ... instead I stayed all night ... Glorious 
Sigh met my deadline got my abstract in and now .... GRE ... Again :) 
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEES ! 1400 I am never taking that stupid test again . Praise God ! 
Gleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ! 
Akkkk I'm a wuss . I did my basic tricep/chest exercises this morning at the gym then tried to set up for my ab routine , and I couldnt even support myself with my arms ... couldnt even handle jump rope and I could barely lift my arms to shampoo my hair . Sigh .... so sad . Oh well I'll get it back :) 
Sigh ... everything hurts ... and I almost hurled ... good workout ? 
The plateau is gorgeous right now , had a nice hike with my dad :) 
Sigh ... weekend work is so hard to come by . Unemployed was was awful , under employed is just frustrating :) 
Prepping for a long weekend of admissions essays :) 
Feels icky :( 
Finally ! 
Anything going on in Temecula tonight .... anybody ... me and the boy are bored :) 
Just got an interview invitation at USC !!!!!! YES !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Another interview invite at < PROPFEMALE > Tech :) Praise God 2011 is starting to look much brighter ! 
USC interview today :) I am sitting in the parking lot preparing . Oh Lord here we go ..... 
Wondering what is next . Maybe it's gonna be < PROPFEMALE > .... Sigh I hate applications :) 
Your beauty , your intelligence , your strength , your special talent , your wit ... These things do not increase your value , because they are gifts from God and He could have given them to anyone ... yes anyone . Anyone could have been you instead if they had been given your gifts . Which is why your intrinsic gifts do not increase your value , they simply increase your responsibility to use them in wisdom and humility . 
I am coming back to visit Boston next week . I'll try to bring the California weather with me :) 
Afternoon flights to Boston have been cancelled .... heavy snow . Thank God I booked a morning flight :) 
Glad I decided to come out the night before the conference started . They are expecting < PROPMALE > flight cancellations tomorrow . Good luck travelers . 
Ugh ! Why does the flight back feel twice as long ! 
Well I completed my second USC interview and now I just wait .... and wait . I could know as soon as next week ( when I will be interviewing at VTU ) or as late as April ... Sounds like a lot of sleepless nights :) 
