Having a awesome day and ending 2009 with a big bang ;) 

i will add a photo soon . once i find my mom's camera ... 
lol , the photo i upload . im at the middle of the picture with the sousaphone . just telling you guys that :p 
Cant wait for thanksgiving !!! lol . 
Cant w8 to pass that mem . test for band =p 
i win a turkey at school today !! rofl and i pass my mem . test too for band ! this got to be my best and lucky day today =p 
happy thanksgiving to all . :) 
cant w8 for the bridge lighting and i hope < PROPMALE > text me where he live and what time to be there soon . :p 
cant w8 for the bridge lighting :) 
being at the bridge lighting and playing the tuba with the other tuba players was so much fun :) 
cant wait for school tomorrow lol :p 
cant wait for the holiday parade on saturday :) 
I have alots of fun at the holiday parade today :) 
Sumner middle school’s band and choir was wonderful today at there winter concert :) 
We're gunna do Vegas tonight guys !!!! GO SPARTS !!!!! 
The boys basketball team win ! and we did vegas !! ^^ and i was streaking with some friends at the end of the game :p 
its snowing lol !!! 
2 hours late start : l not bad lol 
Im bored . im going to do my homework rofl 
im still bored !!! i finnish my homework rofl and play some wii afterwards 
We're gunna beat CPHS !!! good luck girls basketball team ! lol :) 
Yeah !! we did vegas again !!! and some band kids and I was streaking after the game ;) 
I hope we beat AMHS : l so we can do vegas again !!!! :) 
we did vegas again !!! and it was a good game :) and i did not streak with the other guys : l oh well next game i will :p 
im bored nothing to do atm lol . maybe i should sleep lol . 
listing to don't stop the music by < PROPFIRST > cullum alot !!! lol 
Happy New Years everyone !! :D 
Khenya Beretta < PROPFIRST > ( my cuz ) help me out on playing my first note on the < PROPFEMALE > sax ! It feel so weird playing it since i play the tuba . 
To much homework to do O.o 
Text ROCK31 to 24300 to vote SHS Band in the KZOK Battle of the Bands contest !! Text 10 times a day . We really need the votes to be at the top 10 . :) 
I'm so having an awesome day ! :) Cant wait to see if our boy's basketball team win ! I hope , so our band can do vegas !!! XD 
Text ROCK31 to 24300 to vote SHS Band in the KZOK Battle of the Bands contest !! Text 10 times a day . Keep on texting !!! 
Keep on texting ROCK31 to 24300 to vote SHS Band in the KZOK battle of he bands !!! text 10 times a day !!!! Tomorrow is the LAST DAY TO VOTE ! We need your votes ! So keep on texting ! :) 
really have a fun day today job shadowing my uncle ! ^_^ 
Last day to Text 24300 to ROCK31 to vote for SHS band ! I wonder if we are in 10th place : l 
So bored ... lol 
Cant wait to watch the super bowl with friends and family :) I hope the saints win ^_^ 
Saints win the SUPER BOWL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ^_^ 
my uncle is driving me nuts !!! lol ... 
At the bus i was on , 2 middle schoolers were fighting and i kind of laugh a bit and almost stop it before it got worse but i kind of feel sad for that 1 middle schooler who stand up for himself for his family . I wish they would make better choices then fighting . 
is tired and sleepy ... 
Not going to the bowling night ... I have alot of work to do for english if i want to go to the game on saturday . :( 
aw ! the U.S. lost the gold medal game :( 3-2 canada 
Children Of Sanchez should be hard to memorize but i hope we play it for the daffodil parade :D 
I never know my uncle is coming for a visit . :o 
In residence inn . Cant wait for my cousin gymnastic meet !! 
I want coffee O_O 
Having a fun time up in bothell and cant wait to go up to seattle for my cousin gymnastic meet and i still want my coffee ! lol ¬.¬ 
going to orca island today :) 
Really have a fun day with < PROPFEMALE > and her parents :) 
Daffodil parade tomorrow and it's my b-day tomorrow as well :) can't wait ! 
I'm the worse left guide EVER !! XD 
I have the awesome day so far this week (: 
Just got a hair cut today =| 
Back from Wenatchee !!!! :D time to do homework ... ): 
I have the stupid colds ... cant even think straight atm >.< 
making < PROPFEMALE > tea :) lol i hope it helps on my colds ! 
Today was awesome and it was nice day too :) 
I really have a fun day today (: 
Feel stupid =/ dont have my band shoes ... 
Have some ups and downs today but it was a great day for me :) and who ever through up ... i hope ur ok :o 
watching my brother learning his leason =/ 
Dog sitting my uncle's dog ! :) 
Tired :( but I had a fun day :) 
Going to church . :) 
Busy busy day =\\ went to church then to my grandma's grave then we build a trampoline . 
rain , rain , go away , come again another day :) lol 
Watching my cousins and my brother having a great time on the trampoline . lol , kinda want to join in the fun ! :) 
Fun day today (: 
Cant wait for tomorrow :) 
Back from < PROPMALE > :) time for me to take a long nap lol 
today was awesome and cant wait for tomorrow :) 
Awesome day today and time for me to do homework (: lol 
Had a great year with this year seniors and I'm so gonna miss you all :( I hope all of you guys do well with your lifes :) thank you for making my freshman year great ! :D 
Today was sorta sad and fun today :( gonna miss you guys ! You guys are entering the next chapter in your life ! I hope you guys will move on and do your best ! 
Its my brothers birthday ! :) 
Can't wait tomorrow ! Science finals ! Lol ... 
i failed the math final but i got a P on 2nd semester on algebra ... at least i pass =/ 
I really need to stop playing the tuba for today ... I'm having an headache lol ... Just playing that part in measure 7 is driving me nuts kinda . :| 
Change of plans . Going to school tomorrow ... Dont want to be bored all day at home lol . 
School is out !! Can't wait for next year :) 
feeling sick :( 
Just woke up from my little nap and it's almost time for summer marching band =\\ 
Can't sleep ... Just watching tv at the moment lol 
My day went by fast :S 
Going to starbucks and then I'm going to the band room . 
Gonna go to bed ... Haven't slept all night :( 
Feel like sleeping again O.o 
Can't wait for tomorrow . Its for the Baptism of my baby cousin Jemarcelyn . :) 
Going to seattle later on :) 
my morning wasnt so pleasant :/ 
Tomorrow should be great with the weather tomorrow ! :D 96 degrees baby !! Lol :p 
fun day so far besides the part i got punch in the stomach at redmond ... damn , that girl can punch hard O_o 
I had a nice talk with two of my uncle's and my day is awesome ! so far . lol 
Going to get a hair cut lol 
Got a hair cut and can't wait for the capital lakefair parade . 
Today was awesome but i got a little light headed ... But it was awesome over there . 
so far my week was awesome ! cant wait for tomorrow :) 
I'm tired and my day was fantastic ! :D 
Just saw a \homeless\ " guy out in the streets in sumner with two guys :s hmm I never seen a homeless guy in sumner before ... " 
Lol , awesome day ! 
Awesome day at seattle and I had a great time there ! Cant wait to do it again next year . :) 
Stupid prank callers ... :/ 
Awesome day so far . I had a nice talk with my unlce and we talk for like an hour and a half or so lol . 
Road trip to Montana tomorrow at 10pm and not that long until we go to Cali at the 13th :) this should be a really fun month lol . 
not leaving yet until 4am :S 
oh haha , i just spent mostly my night just watching american pie movies and some other movies ( cant sleep ) ... cant wait for midnight madness on the 27th i think and im so looking forward on going to montana today for a couple of days and california at the 13th of august ! :D 
im here at montana enjoying my time :D 
fun day today but i went out swimming but i was embarrass that i cant swim at all but hey ! i had fun there lol 
going to relax at my uncle's hot tub on my last night here at montana 
I'm back in sumner !! I hate the last 2 hours getting here in sumner ... Can't wait to leave sumner again !! :D 
Going to Sunnyvale , California today ! For the family reunion . :) 
In LA !!! :) i really dont feel like going home tomorrow :/ gonna miss the weather when i do xD 
I'm home from a 14 hour drive from Sunnyvale , california to Sumner , Washington ! 
I gotta say , being in cali only for only 2 days . I did alot . i was up in sunnyvale for the family reunion and then i went to bakersfield for the night at my uncle's house ( gotta say its a really big house and a nice house too !! :D ) then in the morning i went to LA to meet up some relatives up there . then like 6pm i went back to sunnyvale then in the morning we go back to sumner . 
i gotta say , my day is not starting off so well ... hmm , my noise hurts . >.< 
i feel way much better now !!! :D cant wait for an awesome day :D 
Doing some work around the house ! :) 
Haha , I got nothing to do now ... Haha .. Ha .. h :( 
I'm already starting to miss being in California in LA and being in my uncle's house in Bakersfield ... Hmm :\\ 
Gonna go to open house later at 3 ... My mom have to go to work and I have no1 to drive me till 2 ... 
1st semester : \ 
Molec Biology - Pile\ 
Health - Sather\ 
Band - Carl\ 
10 English - < PROPMALE > J\ 
US History - Birklid C\ 
Geometry - Holmstrom\ 
\ 
2nd semester :\ 
Child Dev - < PROPFEMALE > 
Midnight madness tonight and not feeling good at the moment ... Could of been the chicken I ate . :/ 
Midnight madness is over ... Not tired anymore :) ... Their sausage over there was good ... I want more :\\ lol 
I love egg rolls ! :D 
Gonna take a shower ... Stupid flys ... Lol 
Relatives visiting here :) 
Nothing to do but eat and sleep until school starts ... :\\ 
Going to seafood city at tukwila . I havent been there yet . I hope its a good place with good food lol 
Dang it ... I got dog crap on my shoes >.< lol 
Dang ... I need to stop steping on dog crap at night !!! >.< 
was at old country buffet and i havent been there for awhile and i never know there was an icee machine there lol . 
Watching over my uncle < PROPFEMALE>'s dogs as usual and I got nothing to do at all till school ... Well my summer was great !! Can't wait for summer again !! :) 
School tomorrow ... Can not wait !! this year will be awesome !! :) 
Eating steak 4 breakfest . x ] 
Awesome day so far and gonna get a hair cut soon and i learn alot today . Mostly not about school ... 
Cant wait 4 tomorrow !! :-) 
Haha my big hammer got a hole x ] 
Omfg ! 27-21 sumner takes the win !!! :D 
Wow im still tired from last night lol 
My day went great ! ( : 
Wow ... Wasted 2 hours of my life figuring out a problem i was having ... 
Woohoo ! doing homework at the band roow ftw . Lol 
Off from band practice and now i really have to caught up on my homdwork ... Guess like im drinking coffee for the night ... :-D 
Tired ... Only Finnish the \before and after one pager\ " for Mr. Nelson ... I fell asleep while I was \ 
Great day ! Cannot wait for next week for the sunset festival and I'm am very happy with my section so far . Lol :) 
great ! Its raining and im going out soon .. life is great .. sometimes . 
What a great day so far and Happy Birthday to our grandma . :) 
Im tired and cold ... i got homework to do ... I should make some coffee right now . :D lol 
i hate chopping onions ! lol 
What an awesome day so far !! And who knew little kids can be violent these days ... lol 
I just found out that there is an international tuba day on the first Friday in May ! Lol 
Going up to seattle soon for a doctors appointment . 
Today wasnt one of my best days ever ... tomorrow is gonna be worse .. but i found awesome pic's of me that kindle posted ... why kindle !! why ! lol . it kinda made my day so far . lol 
Im happy that field show is over now . Going to starbucks to start my day off :D I love white chocolate mocha ! 
i feel like shet ... But overall i had a pretty awesome day :) time for me to sleep !! 
I love Pomegranate !! :D 
Great day so far ! I love my barber . He's awesome !! :) Time to do homework :( 
Dont forget to text rock32 to 24300 for SHS marching band . 
Text rock32 to 24300 for Sumner High School Marching band ! Let us be at the top 10 ! Dont forget to text over the weekend too . ;) 
Back home from seattle !! It was < PROPFEMALE > cold today ... I hope it snows tonight or tomorrow ! :D 
< PROPFIRST > told me about meatspin ... i search the video online ... then i completely rofled ! xD and i didnt like it !! 
Today is getting awesome ! Its like the time i saw the big dipper for the very first time in my life . :) 
Its snowing again !!! :D I dont want to go to school ... 
Text rock32 to 24300 for the SHS Marching band !! Let us be at the top 10 for the KZOK Battle Of The Bands ! :) 
Was outside for awhile ! i love the snow ! Gonna procrastinate on my math homework that i hate so much ! Time to sit by my fireplace and try to finnish reading the curious incident of the dog in the nigh t-t ime . 
was stuck at the freeway because of traffic for like an hour ... Im happy im back home where its warm :) 
dang it ... Going to pick up my mom at < PROPMALE > from work .. At least i will be with my grandpa . 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone !! :D oh no ... Its snowing again !! 
Me : Why do you have white stuff in your mouth ? \ 
Rhaven : What do you mean ? \ 
Me : Where is that lucky dude ? \ 
Rhaven : ... \ 
She throws up for some reason .. lol 
The KZOK Battle of the Bands is over at December 15 , 2010 !! Start voting for our SHS Marching Band by texting rock32 to 24300 . You can submit 10 votes per day per phone . If the band makes it to the top 10 , we might have a < PROPMALE > to win $ 10,000 for our band program ! Have a great Thanksgiving guys !! :D 
Amnesia the dark descent is such a scary game D: 
I had a very nice long nap and went to the dry cleaners to drop off my uniform . Time to do homework ! 
I remembered the first time i tryed a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . It was good :D \ 
Today was awesome besides the part at enumclaw ... It was < PROPFEMALE > . Cant wait for tomorrow ! :D 
I love cookie dough sooooo much !! 
Still got tons of homework to do ... hmm , should i go to bed or should i do an all nighter ?.. what to do what to do . :/ 
lovely , i miss school because i over slept .. i forgot to turn on my alarm and my mom isnt home ... 
Tonight was fun ! Cant wait for alumni night on the 17th . (: going to do tons of homework tonight .. 
My grandpa is coming back tomorrrow from the philippines and tomorrow is gonna be a busy day :D and sorry < PROPMALE > , i cant make it to the party tomorrow . I'll send you a message . 
My grandpa , grandma and my cousin is here . Its kinda akward them being here . 
I love watching phineas and ferb (: 
I want to go to the philippines and get me tons of those dried mangoes and those ding dongs ! IT < PROPFEMALE > amazingly DELICIOUS ! :D 
Jeffer give me a bag of cracker nuts !! :D That he got from the philippines and its < PROPFEMALE > yummy ! I havent tried them for years ! He's the best cousin ever ! lol . Time to do homework . Then go to sleep . Cant wait for alumni night on friday :) 
Finnish with homework and I cant wait to see my brother and my cousin khenya tomorrow night at there concert at the pac :) 
The 7th and 8th grade band and choir did great ! 
I got a < PROPFEMALE > gram today this morning and it made my day and I bought two < PROPFEMALE > grams to two other people today . Whoever bought me one (“: )”) , thank you ! :D I wish I could have bought one more ... 
I dont know what im going to do today ... Probably i will just sit on my couch and play black ops all day long .. and i might probably read a book or watch some movies or pratice the < PROPFEMALE > . sax later on tonight :/ 
Lol , watching beauty and the beast with my little cousin < PROPFIRST > . 
I really cant stand the pain anymore ! I want to see my physician tomorrow .. 
Why me ... Today is not my day .. 
Back home already ! Time to relaxe and try to enjoy the rest of my day ! :) 
Hi ROWEN !!!! -Khenya ! 
Feeling < PROPFEMALE > much better now ! :D Cant wait to see my doctor tomorrow . 
Egg rolls are so delicious ! At least i can enjoy eating them again ! :D 
2010 I'll will never forget the good times with friends and family ! The trip to wenatchee , visiting relatives in montana , having a blast in california , and etc . Tonight is going to be fun ! :) 
I want to shoot myself in the head right now .. but im not going to do that ... Not going to school today .. Going to see my doctor later on today . 
Feeling so much better now .. I wish i was at school today . :/ 
Watching the movie \year one\ " . So far its really funny but i herd its a horrible movie . " 
My docter said i should be fine ! :D Time to go back home and take a rest because im tired ... 
Going to watch Spartacus : Gods of the Arena ! :D 
I never knew that Mr. Gallagher used to have a mustache back in the day . 
Did ok at the band concert .. I feel like switching back to tuba but thats not going to happen until next year symphonic band . Today was fun and im tired .. Time to do some Homework ! 
Last night was fun ! I'm going to miss you Kknight More Problems Ring ! I hope you have fun last night with your going away party and i hope i see you over the summer for summer band ! :) 
Tonight was fun and i hope all of the 8th graders had fun too ! I know < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > does ! 
This morning i got my cpr card and they spelt my name wrong .. Its rowen ! Not < PROPMALE > ! >.< 
Tonight was fun ! GO SPARTS ! And pretty pump up for the super bowl tomorrow ! GO PACKERS !!! :D 
THE PACKERS WIN !!! 
Ooo , pretty rainbow ! :D 
My mom's beef pot roast . yum . lol 
\Don't good boy me . I ain't a damn dog . \ " \ 
Was wasting my time at the high school but i was watching my cousin khenya play soccer . Shes kinda good . 
I really had fun time with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and many other people who was at stafford suites ! I was very lucky that i met with 6 very lovely ladys ! ;) lol and < PROPFIRST > Oxborrow , I am very sorry that you got rejected 3 times but hey , i know you had fun . :) 
I love Ferrero Rocher !! Its so freaking delicious !! :D 
I felt so stupid today ... lol and thank you Severn for making my day ! :) 
I love the starbucks at auburn ! There so friendly and very funny and they made my day too ! Time to see my doctor ... 
I learned something new today ! And i want to thank Dr. Hegewald for helping me out ! :D 
well my night was very intersting when we got back to school but overall ... good day . 
Ah , I love the smell of coffee in the morning ! :) 
I love being part of the pep band ! And GO SPARTS !!! :D I really had a fun day ! 
I haven't been so frustrated in a long time ... I dont know what to do . :/ 
Oh ... I left a shoe at the fishbowl . FML ... And I really had a fun time at Paramount Theater at seattle ! :) 
what a night so far ! I really want to thank for the guys and gals who made my day at the big band dance and i hope i can continue what i do throught out this year . If not , oh well ... Theres always next year . Man oh man , this month really have alot of surprises in store for me . 
I am passing math !!! finally ! I almost have 1 of my big ( starts with a t ends with a s ) moments at Mr. Wagner's room . man i like saying that word alot for some reason .. lol , including in band . 
I bet that this year we wont get a superior rating at contest .. :/ Anyways , going to starbucks soon and get me a venti white chocolate mocha ! :D 
Oh yeah ! Im ready for the HSPE !! I just had 2 cups of coffee already and i slept like a baby too ! haha :D 
Duct tape fixes everything !! Haha 
Oh yeah ! Going to Los < PROPFEMALE > , California on a Sunday morning for spring break ! So excited ! :) Band practice was fine but I still need to work on my marching and I need to work on playing the music very well . I’m going to take a nice nap because I am tired . 
I love listening to soothing music to calm my nerves down . It really helps me out . :) \ 
Gosh , i havent been so stressed out for a while . lol 
I was in seattle at this asian market place that i went to today and i found cracker nuts !!! I thought i could only find them at the philippines ! lol , oh yeah ! :) 
HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY EVERYONE ! The day to trick people . I just love doing it ! :) 
Haha , my brother is so gulible ! 
Wow , time can go by so fast when your having fun ! 
Finally ! I finish what I could do but there’s still more work to be done ! Time for me to get some sleep ! I hope it doesn’t rain at all tomorrow ... My spring break was pretty awesome ! :) 
Very tired ... Im never gonna do that again . Cannot wait for the weekend to start ! 
