hmmm ... bored . this thing is kinda confusing . but oh well . lol ill get it .... eventually ..... 

hmmm ... no one will text me !!! ugh ! 
to die would be an awfully big adventure . 
so tired !!!!! hehehehe but today has been a good day . :P :) 
hmmm .. i like me some hungarian boys ;) hehehehehe :P lol 
hehehe had fun today ;p hmmm ... life is gooood . 
hmm .. tomorrow should be fun . ;) night everyone ! 
hmmmm ..... i have to pee like a banshee !! hehe just to let ya know . ;p 
I love < PROPFEMALE > guys and hate high school . :p hehe 
hmmm ... got me ipod touch . :D fun fun . been puttin a ton of dumb apps on it lol . :) hehe basketball party was tonight !! me and and < PROPFEMALE > kick all the coaches and everyone elses butts on the wii 3 point shootin ! hehehehe it was awesome ! :D 
Cags eye is shot out !! Hehe 
2010 was pretty insanely awesome .... and 2011 is gonna be even better !!! :D 
uhmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm .......... I cant wait till 7:45 monday morning !!! :D :D 
WHY IS NO ONE UP AT 2 IN THE MORNING ??????????????????? geeeeeeeeeeez ... losers ... 
You know its time for bed when u hear the geese flying over ur house .... 
Well this break has been pretty uneventful except for christmas and new years . I think i was close to dred locks at least once hehehe XD yea . I went there ! 
hmmmmmm ..... cant wait till tuesday . :) got a present and cant wait to get it :) if that makes sense lol . :p hehehehe yay ! :D 
hmm ... had a pretty awesome 5 day weekend . :D hehehe 
Had a pretty freakin awesome weekend haha :) 
Omg ... I didn't know I could petal that fast .. O.o 
Hmmm ... really good but really sad weekend . 
Today sucks :/ tryin not to cry .... 
What is today ? Lol 
Hmmm ... what am I doin today ? :p 
Omg I think it's gonna tornado . Lol I just ran fromthe car to the door . 10 feet . I'm soaked , and not exagerating lol it's nuts !! .... unforgiveable ! XD 
okay so i know this is a few days late but thanks to everyone for the happy birthdays !!! :D it was a pretty awesome day considering that im 16 and for the next 6 months my \ride\ " will be a 2 wheeled bmx bike XD .... " 
tell me something good . tell me tell me that you like it . yeeeaaaah ;) 
i want you to want me . i need you to need me . id love you to love me . im beggin you to beg < PROPFEMALE > ! hehe i love that song . < PROPFIRST > and London in 8days !!!! :D :D 
BEOTCHES ! hahahaha you all know who you are ! XD 
MGMT is the bomb . 
SOMEONE . deleted my itunes off the computer ..... :( :( 
Ill be in LONDON tomorrow night . :D :D :D hehehehehe and then ill be in < PROPFIRST > !!! I cannot wait ... except that 12 hour flight is gonna suck haha Ill miss you guys ! love ya !! 
Leaving for < PROPFIRST > today . I miss everyone ! Oh and i got to hold a 2000 year old ancient greek coin !!!!! :D :D hehe 
here come pictures !! :D 
Okay that took Waaaaay longer than expected . and i still have more to be put up . comment !! :D 
Hmm ... no soccer tonight . Wish i coulda went shoppin ... Stupid golf . Goin to em's party tomorrow . Should be fun :) . 
Well tonight was pretty fun . Micks tomorrow .. :) 
Tomorrow is gonna be da bomb !! XD lol this was the best freaking summer of my life . :) hehehe oh yea . 
Won our soccer game today !! :D i love it . .. I have this feeling that sophmore year is gonna be freaking awesome .. first off , i didnt get shanked .. thank God haha XD secondly , i have the best friends anyone could ever ask for .. and thirdly ,, I just watched district 9 and it was a great movie ... so that means the years gonna be great too .!! hahaha :) :) :) 
Songs of the hour !! I like it , Love like woe , Cooler than me , and Take it off . hehe oh yea . :) 
I should date___________ . If your brave enough post this as your status an see what you get . ( : 
hmm .. well today was practically a day from hell . XP haha i had a 18 hole golf tournament . and it rained the ENTIRE time ... no joke . 5 hours in the rain hittin a ball is exactly how i wanted to spend my saturday . haha but oh well one more week and one more tourney and im done !! :D then its socca time hehehe 
oh yea .. and im pretty sure i got trench foot .... just sayin . 
OMFG !!! GOSSIP GIRL tonight !!! hehehehehehe cannot wait !! XD XD 
Today in English : \ 
Cagney Craig : ( looking at picture of < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE >.) she's not very pretty now . \ 
Me : uh cag ,.. That's because she's dead ... \ 
Cag : oh ... \ 
Rotfl XD 
Gossip Girl Gossip Girl !! i love mondays . and saturdays ... annnnnd .... Bones days ! hehe and the new season of Bones is on if any one is interested !! :D ehh ... its just a mighty fine week i must say . :) :) 
Okay sooooo highlights of this week ....... Bones was hilarious .. Gossip Girl < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > war is gonna be good ... annnnnd Glee was amazing as always hehe :) i watch too much tv .. aaahhh .. life is GOOD . hehehehe :D :D 
The awesome thing is ... i dont miss you anymore . :) :) :) 
Awesome football game ! :) Weekend should be pretty fun .. but not as fun as i hoped . oh well tho :p 
Boy .. I cant get you off my mind .. but the thing is , I never want to . ;) 
So tonight was pretty fun :) i think i had thee busiest weekend of my LIFE ! lol and its not even over yet !! cant wait till tuesday tho :) :) 
GOSSIP GIRL !! 
< PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > truce .... oh yes . 
One month today :) :) :) 
God , you gotta LOVE the beatles . :D 
yeah i tell you something\ 
i think you'll understand\ 
when i say that something\ 
i wanna hold your hand 
If i havent yet said this . London is RAD !!! :) oh and < PROPFEMALE > is now officially my new hero and i aspire to be like her . She has an IQ of 140 ! TRUTH ! I can totally relate ... ANNND she's pretty awesome ,, I have come to this conclusion after reading her article in Seventeen . yea i read that . HERO !! 
Come on D become a C ! hahaha thats my new cheer :) randomly thought of it .. Heck yes !! oh and ihop is amazing , I could totally live in hobby lobby , and antique stores smell quite literally amazing . :D 
Im pretty sure i made a ton of peoples days today . :D so remember everyone ... smile , youre BEAUTIFUL ! 
So far the best frickin weekend EVER ! hahaha I LOVE roofs . XD they are soooo awesome . Jusss sayin . ;) oh and the ladycats kick assssssbutt 
They love eachother !!! Yaaaaay ! Go < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > !! Hehehehehehe :D :D :D 
I dont like simple . My home will be the likes of Versailles . Bury me in decadence and ill be happy . :D 
OMG ... ipod is shattered . lol no idea how . still works thoo !! :) this week was fun . I got to ride the cooler scooter thingy in the hallways at school . Mrs. hicks yelled at us :( oh well . Welp i cant wait for Wednesday to get here . :) ILOVESWEETPOTATOES !!! oh yes . 
Just watched last song ! And i didnt cry ! So ha . :) but i turned off the dvd player and some russian woman was cooking croutons in a tent ... odd . 
OKAY ... soo according to my calculations ......... 17 days and 58 mins untill i get my lisence ! yaaaay :D yo estoy muy entusiasmado . hehe cant wait till monday to get here either . schools the bomb . no joke to all the people that think me to be sarcastic . and its gossip girl night of course .............................. and i am no longer craving sweet potatoes . I have had my fill . 
I thought id make that an extra long post too just for Cagney < PROPMALE > butttt it ended up being too long so this is a continuation hehehe . XD and the xd face for Abbi Ogden who says its not a real face . it is . 
GOSH DANG IT !! i wanna go on a gossip girl tour in NYC !! somebody get me that for christmas please and thank you :D :) :) :) 
My life be like ... oooh aaaah ... oooooh aaaaah .. hehe 
I dare ya ! just say it . Cause ill say it back .. XP 
Happy birthday to everyone on this day ! Lol i hope its a good one . 
OMG ! Bones is gonna tell Booth she loves him tonight !! :D 
Our biggest fear is not death , but that we will dissapear without a trace . - Bones . :) 
Okay so thank you abbi for indroducing me to the rest of Relient K . Cause i officially love them now !! :D hehehe 
Got jesus on my neckaluce uce uce uce uce . haha < PROPFEMALE > ! 
All i want for christmas is my two front teeth . hehehe : B 
SOOOOO ,,, Easy A is best movie EVER . lol and dont be dumb .. jus sayin 
What is it with our generation and our obsessive need to document our every thought ? Facebook , twitter , blogs . Are we really that interesting ? Well i am ! Italy ! 
Sometimes the loss of one is worth the gain of eighty . Ha ! 
Gravy !! :D 
The work of geniuses ! what does it even mean ??? haha gotta love it :D 
UHHHHMMM .... I am Highly dissappointed in you people ..... no one got me a Gossip Girl tour in NYC !! what the ef ???? sheesh a girll just asks for ONE dream to come true . but nooooooooooooooo . ahahahaha Juuuuus kiddin :) kinda . :D 
1 .. 2 .. WHOOP WHOOP !! 
When is Gossip Girl coming back ?? This is like cruel withdraw without a cliffhanger finale ! -_- 
Ready to ride solo ! Lol sorry zachaery ! Miss u :) 
Its an ugly day :( 
I want spring to be here ahora !! I miss the sun :( lol 
I want to do with you what spring does with < PROPFEMALE > trees . :) isn't that pretty ? Lol I would put it up in Spanish but 80 people would have yelled at me :p 
Okaaay whitko . I am disappointed ... where is ur jungle atire ????? 
Dont you forget about meeee ... suck it !! Hahaha i love Easy A . :D 
Does anyone else have Indoor Team PE fifth period ?? Lol 
Second < PROPFEMALE > to the right and straight on till morning ... 
I actually learn a lot watching nickelodeon .. in a half hour i found out the < PROPFIRST > has a sister and theres gonna be a new power rangers !! :D 
I love sledding !!!!!! Hahaha especially with zachaery .!! :D 
It's almost Monday hehehe I can't wait !!!!!!! 
Is he real or am i having the best dream of my life ?? 
Cause i walk with a limp like an old school pimp alright okaaaaaaaaayy .............. im in south < PROPFEMALE > trick !! Hehe i mighta had some improv in there oh well :) 
Uhh ... so it's gossip girl night .... OMFG 
Have you ever looked into a starry sky and wondered , ' who am I ? ' .... -Brandi Carlisle . :) 
Okaaay I'll do the to be honest thingy haha like it !!!!!! :D 
Really ?. Really ? I slept till 12 ?? Haha :) 
What the hell is \snow thunder\ " ...??? XD apparently we're getting it tonight . " 
U know what would be awesome ? Bein in a hot tub while its snowin like this . :) 
I hear no thunder ... 
The average persons vocabulary only contains 5-6 thousand words ... That doesn't seem like a lot .. :P 
Cause ima hustler baby and tonight its just me and u ! Baby tonightt dj's got us fallin in love again .! Haha :) 
So its been what ? Three days ? And i havent done annnnnny homework lol . Great . 
As im laying on my couch thinking about when im going to do my homework i realize its FRIDAY ! Hahaha :) what a fabulous discovery XD lol 
U came along and u played me a song . A little bit of love and a little bit of yea yea . Yeaaaaa yeaaaaa yeaa yeaa haha :) 
Did u know im a mayan ruler ...... by birthright ? Oh yea . XD 
Yeaaa < PROPFEMALE > my feet are numb .... well just my toes . 
Toy story is on !!!!! :D 
Sooooo .... Indiana jones is the bomb annnnnnd I have a project to make ! Haha I almost forgot and revealed what it is . That woulda sucked XD 
The birds are back !!! :D spring is closer hehehe 
Ur gonna catch a cold from the ice inside ur soul !! Lol :) 
The utter silence of my 2 p.m. Ninja poops rotfl !!! 
Yea so valentines day is 7 days away ,, and I am puuuuumped ! No one can beat my amazing plan . No joke :D 
im excited for rice . :) 
realllllllyyyyyyy ....? 
< PROPFIRST > beiber !! Omg !! I got my ticket and my glasses on . Girls night rocks ! 
I just got hit in the face !! :( 
I will never say never thanks to you JB ! :D lol 
I love maw maw . :) hehe go Raising Hope !! 
:( 
I hate sickness . :( :( 
Did you know that turtles can breathe through their butts ?? 
Haha thank you to the 5 people who liked my fact . You helped some ... 
Yea so I love lazer tag ... 
Ha . I forgot how pretty the sunrise is in my old room . :) 
iiiiiiiiiiiii got my hair cutttt ! :D 
Stumblin cag !!! 
uhmmm ..... so i really wanna buy the new JB bracelet .. haha idk whats come over me ... 
Actions speak louder than words .. except when the words are ' I love you ' . 
Had a good day with thee adorable boyfriend :) :) 
sooooooooooo ..... making brochures is a pain it the arse . :( 
Sooo ... I'm so tech savy that Im on wifi with my iPod and yet listening to a Walkman cd player from the 90's haha :D 
Sorry , we dont sell chins ... hehehe 
Dont be tardy for the party !! Oooh oh oh oh .! 
< PROPFEMALE > I just wanted to say that I really really really miss spring :( I want the baby leaves !!! 
Cause my cards are on the table and im willing and Im able ..... finish it !! 
I LOVE NUTELLA ........... :) 
Why is cheese so good ??? 
Omg ... for EVERY night this week i just happened to look at the clock at 11:11 ... it was like that last week too ... wtf ?? Haha :D 
You know ... after listening to JB for a solid hour the rest of my music just doesnt make me as happy as it used to . :( lol oh well ... more JB !!! :D 
5 months :) :) 
Twas a very good aniversary day :) :) 
! Me amo mi pelo muy muy mucho ! XD 
Soooo ... someone please tell me where I can get the new JB bracelet !!!! :( 
Awww ... i spiled the oj :( 
Compact Discs stress me out ... :( hahaha 
weeeeellllll i would put \i need somebody to love\ " cause it's stuck in my head buuuuuutttttt that would be wrong because i already have someone :) :) " 
Ooooon the verge of puking tonight at practice . :) just thought you all were dying to know that hahaha 
American idol ?? I thought it was Glee night :( :( 
Sooooo is spring really almost here ??????????? :D 
Joisy showr toniiiiiightttt !!!! :D 
Uhhhmmm ... sooo I would like to say that my BOYFRIEND , @Zach Cox , is really mean :( 
Since Black Ops came out teen pregnancy rate has dropped 17% !! Rotflllllll ahahaha 
When a heart breaks ... it can break even . The Script lies !! 
It looks like rain and im lovin it !! :D 
I can't wait to be an archaeologist !! Lol ik ik ... I'm weird :) :) 
Thundaaaaaa ! And liggghhhhtniiiiinnnn ...... oh yeaaa ! :) 
Welll .... my butt hurts from lunges .. :( and it makes me limp ... 
Shoot me -_- its snowing .............. ugggggghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ... spring is never gonna get here ! 
soooooooooooooooooo ....... my butt doesnt hurt as bad XD ahahahahahahaha thank you < PROPMALE > for the advice .. it helped . :) 
Fat babies ..... hehehehehehe 
Why cant or lives just be like our dreams ?.. able to be controlled to exactly what u want and if something bad happens you can just wake up ... 
Ughhh i hate being sick :( 
I flippin love 80's movies ! 
Everthing smells like hot dogs :( :( 
Bubble Guppies !! 
Its crazy how one song can make a person smile for hours . 
Explosive stool .......... 
Weird ... last night i dreamt a tsunami hit my house on some island ... and then i wake up and learn there actually was one ... my mind told me the future !! Lol 
I love my new room :) 
Annnnddd iiiiii'mmmmm thinkin what the hellll . XP 
Got a new mit !!!! :D its nice ... still a little larger than normal but hey ... thats how i roll hahaha :) 
I might be bad ... but im perfectly good at it . 
Look how clear the sky is and how insanely bright the < PROPFEMALE > is :) its beautiful . 
Im planting a mini garden and my forget me not seeds are from < PROPFEMALE > and the poppy seeds are from holland . :) i have foriegn exchange plants . :D 
Oh god ... not again :( 
Omg ... im watching rugby and they do they coolest jumbs ive ever seen ... and theyre all cute !! Hahaha 
ughhh ... missing two days of school gets you waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too much homework . :( and yet im wasting my time on here haha 
Geeese !!! 
Everyone go look at the sky right now . The sun set is beautiful . 
I hate seeing people getting their heart broken :( it sucks . 
I saw so many pretty faces before i saw you but now all i need is you ! God i love that song lol 
Omfg !! I almost forgot ! CASLENA JONEZ AND CHLOSTIN BEIBER ARE THE POWER COUPLE OF THE DECADE !! ahahahahahhaha 
Whoever stole my cookie out of the locker room ... you are pathetic . 
I look out the window and the sun is bright orange settingbehind pale blue clouds and 13 hawks are circling right below in the distance .... spring !!! 
I like to punt s *** . Rotfl 
Any friend of olives is a friend of our daughters ................. oh happy day mama !! :D 
Bowlfarts .... 
I think the word stupid is bruised on my forehead .... damn lynsi hehehehe 
I looooooooovvvvveeeeee hugging < PROPFEMALE > weigold :) very much . 
The fire burned a hole in my favorite pants !!! :( 
Itssssss thee first day of spring ! :D yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay 
I just need somebody to looooove !! Hahahaha :) 
My dog is a creeper ..... and she has a mohawk .... 
Well today has been a very good day :) :) :) 
Its a patchouli burger from our victory garden . :D 
Beat it ese ! -_- 
Well i have a HUGE bruise on my hip !! -_- lol its pretty cool tho :) thanks < PROPFEMALE > haha 
Has anyone ever even watched the oprah winfrey network ??? 
Best night ever girlies !! XD hehe gabby and < PROPFEMALE > are crazy . 
Omfg !! I either saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > or a flippin torpeedo !! Or possibly aliens . 
Cold chinese ..... food of champions . A wee bit kung powey tho ... 
Nationwide is on your side !! 
The Good die young , -\ 
Here's hoping you live to a ripe old age . 
Why does no one like to hear my random history lessons ?? :( they all just look at me and walk away ... 
You're like a dictionary , you got so much definition .. hehhehehe :) 
Pancakes !! 
Ramen noodles smell like dirty gym bag but they taste soooooo delicious !! 
They reek like chinese people farts !!! Hahahahahahahahahahaha 
The buds are out on the trees and im oh so excited for thee baby leaves !! :D 
What about love ?? Dont u want someone to care about you ?? What about love ! Dont let it slip awaaaaaay ! Hehehe gotta love Heart .. 
Okay ... if i was a swamp person and had a live gator in my boat .... i would cry like a baby lol 
Iffffff i was homeless .. i would use my ' booze money ' to buy a library card .. :D 
Winning ! 
If perfects what ur searching for then just stay the same ... :D haha won our game ! 
What not to wear ?? I think yes ! 
Love save the empty ... great song . :) 
A little bitter outside !! Lol 
Attention ! I am removing all bananas from the kitchen .. 
Didnt i tell u to close the drawer ?? .. yea i did .. No its wide open and theres a knife on the counter surrounded by cake residue .. sorry .. Lol 
One more day !! I wont be able to focus at all lol ... 
The cup im drinking grape juice out of was made in spain . :) just thought ud wanna know lol 
Uhmm .. did i hear this right ?? A love like collared greens and cornbread ?? Wtf .... 
Hehe sorry to ruin ur dreams < PROPFEMALE > and gabby !! Lol :D i have a cruel sense of humor .. 
Theres a jungle in our sunroom ..... literally ... so many ferns ! Hahaha 
My dog faintly smells like peanut butter .... 
A good friend once told me ... no one wins with a headbutt . :) 
Rain rain rain .. youre not a pain . because you briiiiiinggggg ......... FLOWERS !! hahahaa 
I could watch the birds all day :p 
I always pictured you as a southpaw .. 
I love beef and noodles ! 
Soooooo .... i SUCK at making vegan food lol good thing i love meat !! 
I just watched a mosquito fly into gabby's mouth . 
Gawd danielles car is thee best :) everyone in it eventually becomes those camp bffs who share all their secrets by the end of the night :D 
Out of anyone in the world who would u meet and totally freak out when you saw them ??? 
Why is cops so amazing ?? 
I would really love to hear your voice sometime \ 
To close a little distance in my mind .. 
All the old spongebobs are on ! :D i cant believe its been 12 years ... 
Dirty dirty at 9:30 ??? 
Had a nice firebon with thee friends :) 
