achk homecoming .... 

hahahh this was so fast , just creatido this facebook < PROPFEMALE > 
suckas I just got back from freedom academy , the military is hardcore 
i am so tired ..... hehah just kidding , Im ninja cited !!! 
sweaty and I suck at volleyball , YAY !!! need more skills ... 
sometimes we wear stretchy pants ... in our rooms .... just for fun ... 
Just finished an awesome first volleyball game of the season ... WE WON FOOLS !!!!! ~ !! 
lick something cold ... 
HAMSAMAHMAHMHMHAMHAMMAHMAHMAHMAHAMHMAHMHAM , food .... 
is so freakin tired , but had loads of fun at the beach , WHAT !!!! 
everyone lies sometimes ..... i want black hair 
the truth is ..... 
i think im doing pretty good , seeing as im not dead yet .... 
so tired of everything .... 
they call me < PROPFEMALE > , somethingsomething , thats not my name ..... thats not my name ...... 
californ I.A. yaaaeaaaahha 
duh nuhnuhnuhnuhnahnuhhhhh , GHOSTBUSTERS !!!! duh nuhnuhnuhnuhnahnuhhhhh , 
what what ... 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING !!!! HAHAHEHEA 
hate feeling pressured , and whatnot ... hah just kidding ... 
respect my authoritah !!! 
hmmmhmm , -10 degrees outside .... 
hearing drama es so amasing !!! 
little kids are ..... BLANK . decide for yourself ... 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISSTMASSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHH !!!!! Leshgoow !!!... ( hannah miss you ) 
its sooooo funny how people give rotten gifts with the right mindset .... ITS THE THOUGHT THAT COUNTS EH .... 
I'm a going to the mountain tomorrow , yussssss .... everyone is so jealous . jk ... maybe 
Wishes to dominate a mountain by conquering it with her aweshome ( hmhm ;D ) ski skills , but cannot because it is far too cold to do anything but sleep and read and watch movies .... soooooo depressing . : b 
hmmmmm , so tired of stupid inconsiderate people 
backboards , oxygen and baby asprin , SAY YES IF YOU THINK EMTS ARE AWESOME ... betta say yes mofos !! 
stomach flu , ackh , nasty puke .... 
eyes be burning from the sunlight !!!........................ 
the woogie woogies are coming .... ( scream hysterically !!! ) 
We shall fight !! What weapon do you choose .... I will use my bear hands .... -that is stupid- I will use a sword and I will cut off your bear hands ! 
May I have a glass of water , please . 
I completed my stupid test and PASSED !! HHAHAH ( triumphant laugh ) 
LOST is back on , and Im kinda disapointed ... sad face .... *( 
if his name is boob can i be < PROPFEMALE > ... 
< PROPFIRST>'s day .... is for couples .... I am not currently in that ... category ... soooo . LETS GO TO VEGAS !!! 
sickness , I feel so alone ... my computer keeps crashing , so I keep starting over my editing for my movie , its like every five seconds , so sometimes I can save in between .... soo sad , I AM SOBBING 
Greetings Sled God ! 
Ok , so I creeped on some profiles , and I must say , I am not impressed !! 
Has anyone else noticed how little seventh graders and below are getting .... a lot more .... idk how to say this ... 
I ham worried that you have not been .... bap-tized !! 
I am in pain .... Eet is as Postoillo weeshed ! 
HAHAH !! I got accepted into la film program !! VICTORY IS MINE !! 
I want a MOTORCYCLE !! ( WHiny voice.com ) 
State Debate is OVER ! I'm so freaking HAPPY !!! XD 
senpai , could you stop making garbage ? I'm not making garbage , I'm making a hamster home ... ripp 
Everyone looks so wholesome these days ... 
HERMMMIT CRABBBSSS , hehahah , yussss , there was time so long ago when ... mine died , I was so tramatized !!! MM gonna be 18 
HAHHEAH IM GOING TO NEPAL IN JUNE !!! Yerp thats right , 
SOUTHPARRRRRRK !!! I HAVE NOT WATCHED YOU IN SOOO LONG , It is like seeing a long lost frienddddd .... haheahh 
< PROPMALE > why wont you be friends with grandma ? < PROPMALE > : I don't really have time right now . SHES IN THE HOSPITAL , AND YOU WONT EVEN BE FRIENDS WITH HER ! < PROPMALE > : OK FINE ILL ADD GRANDMA ! OH and I sent you a funny picture and you didn't respond to it ! > /\ 
\ 
Facebook- Southpark 
wherrt , I'm getting so tired of responsibility , oh to be a stupid little twit again , THOSE WERE THE DAYS MAN !!! 
I just went on my first run , eh ... 
I LOVE MOLTO < PROPFIRST > , Hes so fat and jolly !! 
The kick-ass guy sounds waaaay better with his accent , no longer a prepubescent boy ... kinda 
I'm going to graduated in five days , thats so disgusting ... 
IM DONE !!! HAHAH , now I shall take over the world .... 
bleh , stupid chick flicks by whatshisname , spark something .... bleachhagadgd 
Am SO tired !! 
FLYING OUT TOMORROW !!! HAHaheH !! So long suckers ! 
is finally in Kathmandu , longest trip of my life !!! Yay for Qatar and tasty tasty food !! 
hmm , pretty sure I had french fries yesterday ... 
Does anyone want a pirated DVD for 50 cents ?.... hahehhahh 
JUST HACKED MY HAIR OFF WITH < PROPFEMALE > SAMURAI SWORD !!! so short .... 
WERT !!! just read my profile for the first time in foreva , and IT HAS CHANGED !!! Why has this happened , hmmm ??? 
Freakishly tired .... I think I'm a zombie ! 
I hate software malfunctions- SCREW YOU APPLE !!! I must rant for at least five minutes to burn off my excess rage !! Stupid lazy apple people cannot make my fabulous canon work with their RETARDED computer . In the words of < PROPMALE > , I HATE YOU , YOU'RE ANNOYING !!! Ahanahahahvhnanhanadhafh ( sob violently ) 
Ok , I feel like I should say something to some incredibly harsh little kids . You guys are NOT being funny or mature , your ( all of you ) crap needs to end , or at least not be posted on Facebook . The continued drama that goes on between you is ridiculous and no one else cares . So grow up , stop the chiz , and move forward with what I'm sure will at least be a semi successful life . 
I hate facebook 
Phones ... 
watching horror movies commercials makes me twitchy ... 
wishes joining the army for dinero wasn't my only option- then again debt is always a possibility ... 
is going to hack up a lung next time someone burns the bacon ... 
is so depressed because she lost five dollars !!! Hah , so poor ... 
EH , I just realized how much I use the whole < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > thing ! 
I feel like saying something intelligent so here goes , I'M SO FREAKING TIRED !!! 
HAH HECK YES !!! I'm leaving !!!! Adios peoples of Green River , I would throw < PROPFEMALE > at you while I left but I have no monies to buy it .. XD 
UNO BUDDIE !!! 
Brrrrrringgggg it on , HAHAHAhh , stupid cheerleaders .... jk Jesus loves everyone ... kinda XD . 
Ah Biola .... Where is the psychotically warm weather you promised ? Oh wait its behind that rain cloud ... 
Yeasssss ... Everyone should headbang to absolutely no music , it makes them look sooooo much cooler .... 
I look like an alien ... 
What is up with all of the deepness ? Give me the shallow , beauty is only skin deep people , give me the girls who wear gucci ( thats right-didn't capitalize ) and think they are better than everyone else-including those other girls wearing gucci , give me the people who will never actually have personal success . Oh wait .... I already have all of those people !! Here in California !!!... what gloriousness ... 
I LOVE CHILLIN !!! ... cause I'm fly like a G6 ... 
Its time to pump out a four < PROPFEMALE > essay for British Lit .... 
Hmmmm , today was great spelling error i had lots of fun spelling error , i love my imaginary boyfriend spelling error .... SPELL IT CORRECTLY GOSHDANGIT !!! ( and capitalize your \i\ " s !!! ) " 
I feel like eating an .... apple ? Hm ... 
I HATE HOMEWORK ... I cannot focus for the life of me !! 
SOOOOO , my phone is out !!! ( God rest ye phone , you were very good to me and whatnot ) AND anyone who gives a shizzley about me shall not get angry or resentful if I doth not text them back ... been reading wayyyyy to much old english poetry ... 
thinks that Cosgrove sucks and zombiefries should take over the world !!! 
super braindead ... 
Yeah , no more hills to climb ... 
Its twelve twenty six , blehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
life blehhhh , death note yayyyyyy 
thinks that cold in California is not acceptable !!! 
bleh five minute scripts can die 
is getting brainwashed by some jimi ... screw school . 
Someone seriously needs to make a movie about samson , not < PROPFEMALE > , just bloody samson . AND they must include the part where he rips a lion up and thrashes people with a donkey's jawbone ... yes that movie would blow avatar out of the water , and not just because avatar sucked to begin with ... >:D 
went to a club . fun . 
I am back in the general vicinity of utah for the next four days .... heavy sigh ... 
Bleh ... who's watching netflix and hiding from the bright utah sun ? I am ... 
stupid facebook wouldn't let me write a novel !!! .............. soooo bored . 
Can I just say that being in Cali is so much better than being in Utah , no offense to those who live in the nasty cold weather . At least your roads are better ... 
I wish I was a model so I could NOT look f < PROPFIRST > ping shtupid every day of the week . Also wish I could be < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST>'s reincarnated soul ... just kiddinnnnggg . for all you christians out there . XD 
just thought about how weird the word Psalm is , ps alm , salm , psssalmmmm . its . weird . and yes I know its almost one . don't care . 
is in dire need of some fleeping concentration so she can finish her bloody script about out of control film students !! somebody get me a coffee ok ? ;D 
VEGAAAASSSS !!! I love you :) 
Bah . I hate finals . \ 
But . I love coffee . And animal crackers . Annnnnd watching people surreptitiously play the sims 3 in OT ... build your house < PROPMALE > , el professor will not notice . 
I AM STILL UPPPPPPP !!!! YAAYYYYYYY for documentaries about meth and gangs in el < PROPMALE > . you are my life . 
believes that she just tore her spleen open from sneezing too hard ... 
EHh , finals suck . I want it to be done . like right now . ... now . 
Has a strong sense of dislike for the pious twits in this world ... 
Got my hair hacked off , and I now look like tinkerbell ... kinda .... 
I have no shizzing idea what I will do for a whole bloody month .... 
Someone tell me something funny to give me hope .... 
Imma change mah name !!! and I think Leonitis the great has some warmth and life to it . Call me ... Leonitis ... 
has realized that she's a bit of a coward .... 
My camera just went to hell . and then resurrected itself . and then went to hell again . screw . life . bleh . 
Meh . My fish died . \ 
Rest in peace < PROPMALE > Quixote . orrrrr Doc Holiday , whatever . 
has a love/hate relationship with an ambulance ... 
Space is invisible mind dust ! And Stars are wishheesssss !!!! ( high creepy voice ) yayyyyyyyyy !!! ~ 
I am incredibly in love with documentaries . I would put some hearts down if I knew how .... eh no I wouldn't but still . 
It was the Winklevoss !! 
Hates basketball , no seriously HATES IT !!!! Ah am BOREDDDD . 
