Yay ! My first post . Just trying out facebook to see how things go . :) I hope to add more pics soon of my ultrasounds . I'm so excited about sharing my journey through my pregnancy . ^.^ 

Humm ... thinking of buying an elliptical . But will I use it ? lol It's good exercise during pregnancy , and I am a bit out of shape . >.< 
I found out yesterday that we lost the baby . Please keep us in your prayers . 
Feeling a bit better after the baby news . Gonna keep looking forward . I have a doctor appointment Friday to discuss where we go from now . We hope to try again soon for another baby . 
Wow , I'm up too late . I'm happy to report that < PROPFIRST > and I are going to do IVF again . Everyone keep us in your prayers . 
I was looking forward to seeing my little cousin tomorrow , but he's running a temperature . :( Hope he doesn't have anything bad . 
Hope everyone is having a happy Halloween ! I only had 1 trick-or-treater , now I'm left with a massive amount of < PROPFEMALE > . lol 
Went to the doctor today and hated driving in the rain . Got to go back on Thursday ... all these trips are going to wear me down :( But it's worth it if I can get my own bundle of joy ! 
made homemade baked spaghetti and meatballs for the first time , and it was yummy ! Even if I do say so myself . lol 
I'm going to < PROPMALE > City tomorrow to have surgery to remove eggs for IVF . I'm sooo nervous to see if all this will work out . Please keep me in your prayers , I want a little one so badly . <3 
Ouchies ! I'm feeling pretty sore today , but overall doing good . Definitely feels better than last time I had to do this . 
Got back from the Christmas parade in Honaker about an hour ago . It was great , except my nose keep getting cold . Burrr ! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone ! 
Woke up at 6:30 this morning and took a pregnancy test , and it showed positive ! Thank God ! Keep me in your prayers that everything goes well . :) 
Got the ' official ' word from the lab that I am pregnant . I have to go again tomorrow to do the same test again to make sure the hormone is doubling . Can't wait for the first ultrasound to see if it's one .. or more ! lol 
Going to the doctor today for my first ultra sound . I'm so excited ! 
We're having two ! I'm so excited , I will put up a picture of the ultra sound later tonight . I couldn't believe it when he said there were two . He also told me they were very healthy looking . Hurray ! 
Thank God for neighbors who help dig you out of the snow :) 
My parents aren't expected to have power until after Christmas , which means we will probably have Christmas Dinner at my house . Scary ! Never fixed a dinner that large before . 
I'm so nervous about tomorrow , I'm going for my second ultra sound . Hope everything looks ok . :) 
Had my Ultra sound today , and am relieved to find that both babies are doing great ! I heard their heart beats for the first time , it was so wonderful . 
Happy new year everyone ! This year was the best year of my life , I got the most precious gift imaginable , a child . <3 
9 weeks today , can't wait until Monday to see our little ones again :) 
well , there's good news and bad news . The bad news is we found out we lost one of our babies . The good news is the others is doing great . It's healthy and is growing a little ahead of schedule . 
I went to Wal-Mart , K-Mart , Magic-Mart , and Roses .. no one carries maternity clothes !! I'm going to have to make a special trip to the mall just to get clothes that fit . lol 
went to the doctor today and heard the baby's heartbeat , it was 145 . I also heard a lot of kicks , seems we've got ourselves an active baby :D 
had a great day today . :) Went to church , ate chinese , and had a long walk with our doggie at the park 
Just got home from the doctor , and we're having a boy ! I'm so excited ! The ultrasound also showed that he's healthy , what a blessing . Can't wait to meet our little < PROPMALE > :) 
Hope everyone had a great Easter Sunday . Mine was great , even though it started out with getting a flat tire on the way to church this morning . :) 
I'm so excited , < PROPFIRST > was just able to feel the baby kick for the first time ! 
We are adopting a new dog from our local shelter today . Her coat was matted badly , so we got a free grooming . Can't wait to see how she looks now . :) 
If you have a husband that makes you laugh , that you can say is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who you know will always be there to pick you up when you are feeling down , who is your world , and a man that you can thank God every night for . Copy and Paste this to your profile with your anniversary 5-21-05 
I keep seeing pictures of everyone's beautiful babies , and it just makes me so excited . I can't wait until < PROPMALE > gets here in August ! 
Went for my checkup and < PROPMALE > is doing great . I was also referred to a chiropractor for my pinched nerve and found out that he can also fix my scoliosis after I deliver . The pinched nerve was a blessing in disguise . 
I'm so upset ! We ordered a mattress online , it got here today , but the delivery guy didn't even bring the mattress inside .. said it was to heavy . We were promised installation !! I'm pregnant and can't help < PROPFIRST > bring it in , what are we suppose to do ?? 
Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > for getting your husband to stop by ! It was such a big help . :) 
sitting here feeling the baby move , and wondering how strong the kicks will get in the end . He already gives me a good beating ... I can only imagine what it's like in the final month . 
had my 4D ultrasound done today , and it was amazing ! I watched < PROPMALE > wiggle and squirm and once even suck his thumb . Can't wait to get the video back . 
< PROPFEMALE > ALERT !!! Edmonton , KY little girl \ 
3years old , picked up by a man driving a grey car , license \ 
plate : Q72B381 . Put this as your status . It could save her . This \ 
kidnapping is recent so do it . 3 seconds will not kill you . If it were \ 
your child , what would you do ????? 
Today is the baby shower , getting excitied ! :) 
Had a great time at the shower yesterday . I'm blessed to have so many people to support us . I also posted up the album if anyone wants to take a peak . :) 
just finished sorting out all the baby clothes . Now all I have to do is wash them all and store them ... 
FrontierVille Friends : I need 2 more Ribbon :) 
had a bit of a scare yesterday . Went to the ER because of a pain in my side that wouldn't go away , found out I was going into preterm labor . Thankfully all is well after I took some magic pills that stopped my contractions . :) 
I'm so bored . I think I'm on house arrest . No one wants me to go anywhere by myself anymore since what happend on Thursday . < PROPFIRST > even does all the shopping now . It's all for the best ... but I'm still bored !! 
So did anyone catch Eclipse at midnight ? I was wondering if the movie lived up to the book . :) 
does anyone know when and what day Richlands or Lebanon will have fireworks ? 
Lions and Tigers and Bears , OH MY ! Wizard of Oz is on .. how many times have I seen this ? lol I sitll love it <3 
Had a fun 4th of July . Went to my parents for a cookout and got to see my baby cousin I rarely get to see . He's 2 and so cute ! Then went to Elkhorn to see fireworks . Got home pretty late , but it was worth it . 
Went to the doctor today for my checkup , everything was great . I got to do an Ultrasound and they estimated his weight to be 7 lbs . 3 oz ... I'm only 35 weeks ! lol I'm gonna have a big boy I guess . :) 
Went to church with my parents today and my mom's bible study group gave me a baby shower . It was so nice of them , especially considering some of them have never even met me . I got some cute clothes and more diapers . Can never get enough diapers ! :) 
Hurray ! I get to go off my meds to stop contractions . Now that I'm off of it I'll probaly end up waiting the full 40 weeks . lol Only time will tell . 
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ! <3 
getting nervous ! The doctor scheduled me to be induced on the 5th . I can't wait to see < PROPMALE > <3 
sitting here crying and watching baby shows . lol * pokes belly * Aren't you here yet !? 
Finally made it back home . < PROPMALE > is doing well , he has a bit of jaundice but they let him come home and just have a doctors appointment on Saturday . I'm so glad to have my little boy home ! 
took < PROPMALE > to the doctor today to check his weight , and he gained 3 oz in 4 days :) 
first day taking care of < PROPMALE > alone , I sure am tired . I miss < PROPFIRST > ! 
I have carried a child within my body . I have nourished and comforted a\ 
baby upon my chest . My body is not magazine perfect , but when I look in the mirror I am happy because I see a mother , and there is no greater honor . Make this your status if you are proud to be a mom . :) 
watching < PROPMALE > sleep .. then I hear him start to stretch and I just know a \wahhhh ! \ " is going to come soon . I think it's feeding time soon <3 " 
* yawn * Wish the baby would go back to sleep , I could still use a few more hours . 
< PROPMALE > had his first visit to mommaw and poppaw Raines's . It was a good visit , but he seemed to be a bit cranky and cried . He calmed down when he got in his swing at least . :) 
< PROPMALE > smiled at me twice this morning . <3 It took some time to get him to do it , but he let them slip eventually . :) I can't wait until he does it on a regular basis . 
Woo hoo ! Mom is coming over to help with the baby in the morning so I can actually clean house . Thank God for Mom's <3 
thinks < PROPMALE>'s hair is turning brownish red , instead of strawberry blond . Maybe he will have hair like his mom . :) 
had a great day . Went to church and then visited < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . :) < PROPMALE > was so nice for most of the day , just cranky when he was hungry , but what baby doesn't do that lol 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried \ 
but never met , or those we have held but could not take home or the ones\ 
that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or\ 
someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . ...... In memory of \ 
all lost angels . 
wishes strangers would leave me alone when I go out , I know I have a cute baby . But if I don't know you ... please don't touch !! Maybe I'm just being an over protective momma , but I don't feel comfortable with strangers touching my baby :( 
Hot cocoa , relaxing music , baby asleep ... bliss <3 
I got a mom haircut today . lol No more little fingers getting tangled in my curls . I sure do feel light headed now :) 
Going to try and ween < PROPMALE > of his pacifier . I had hoped this time wouldn't come until he was 2 or 3 , but he's waking up almost every hour or so in the night to want it put back in his mouth . I can't take many more of those nights . :( 
< PROPMALE > took his nap with only a few minutes of crying for his pacifier this time , last nap was 15 minutes . I hate doing ' cry it out ' , it makes me feel so bad know all I'd have to do to make him happy is giving him his paci , but if I gave in , there'd never be any sleep :( 
wonder how many trick-or-treaters I'll get this year ? Last year I had a grand total of one ! lol Happy Halloween everyone . 
I think < PROPMALE > is becoming a ' Momma's Boy ' . We went to my parents today and the only people he would let hold him were mommy and me . He cried when daddy or my grandparents tried to hold him . :( I guess it's because he doesn't get to see them as often . 
< PROPFIRST > took care of < PROPMALE > for most of the day today . He gave me a three hour nap and then I had to leave for an eye exam and went shopping . When I got home he told me he didn't know how I did it , it really took a lot out of him today . LOL ! 
Had a great Thanksgiving yesterday . I got to see my cousins that I don't get to see but a few times a year . Now I'm clearing out a space in the living room so I can put up the tree tomorrow . < PROPMALE > is only 4 months old and has already taken over the living room . I hope I can maneuver all his things around to fit the tree in :) 
< PROPMALE > has finally learned to roll from his tummy to his back ! < PROPFIRST > got to see his first time this morning , and I just saw him do it again . :) He's been in the floor looking at his feet and rolling from side to side , and sometimes rolls on over to his belly . 
Jacob --- my\ 
son is the only one who knows how much i love him ... because he is the \ 
only one who knows how my heart feels on the inside . {{ post this to your\ 
status if you have a child that you could never live without }} Mommy \ 
loves you so much I couldn't ever imagine my life without you ... You \ 
will always be mommy's baby boy ... 
Had a busy day shopping in < PROPMALE > City . I had my first 5 guys burger and it was great . Then went and got < PROPMALE>'s picture taken with < PROPFEMALE > . He smiled so big ! 
< PROPMALE > is growing so fast . I noticed his shirt was very hard to get off of him , it's size 3-6 months , I tried a 6-9 months on him and it fits perfectly ! <3 
God saw you getting tired & a cure was not to be . So He put His arms around you & whispered Come with Me . With tearful eyes , we watched & saw you pass away . Although we love you dearly , we could not make you stay . A < PROPFEMALE > heart stopped beating , hard working hands at rest . God broke our hearts to prove to us , He only takes the BEST . Put this on your status if there is someone in Heaven you will miss this Christmas 
Greatest man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called him Master . Had no degree , yet they called him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried in a tomb , yet He lives today . Re-post if you believe with all your heart . < PROPFEMALE > CHRISTmas .. 
Had a wonderful Christmas . < PROPMALE > is loving his gifts , especially his new exersaucer . When I put him in it last night he went straight to playing and jumping in it . He giggled so much , it was so sweet . <3 
< PROPMALE > loves music so much . Every time people are singing on t.v. he automatically looks up towards it . It even makes him stop in his tracks when he's in his exersaucer . lol 
< PROPMALE > is teething ... low grade fever and VERY fussy . I'm excited for his tooth , but the process is horrible ! 
I just read an article that Disney is no longer making < PROPFEMALE > movies after Tangled . They say after 5 or 6 girls are no longer interested in < PROPFEMALE > , instead want to be ' cool ' or ' hot ' . That is not something they should promote ! Bring back the < PROPFEMALE>'s! 
YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . ITS SONS WEEK .... IF YOU HAVE A SON WHO MAKES YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND THEM , AND IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS . 
< PROPMALE>'s tooth is starting to poke through . I can barely feel the tip of it , but it's there ! 
So cold ... snow go away ! 
You would think that when the dog barks , < PROPMALE > wouldn't like it . Instead , he thinks it's funny . lol How strange . 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping , or whom we have carried but never met , or those we have held but could not take home , or the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status , if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all lost angels ? 
I know it will be a while before < PROPMALE > can crawl , but he wants to . His toy pooh bear is out of his reach , and his little arms and legs make the motions . :) 
< PROPMALE > is scooting a little across the rug ! It won't be long now until he figures out how to crawl <3 
loves being a mommy more and more each day <3 
wants Spring to get here ! I want to take < PROPMALE > to the park and walk the dog . I miss getting outside and walking . :( 
loves it when < PROPMALE > sleeps through the night and then takes a 2 hour nap later in the day ... that means I get to catch up on my ZzZzz's! 
Recently discovered I like wonder woman comics .. I am such a nerd . :P 
made chocolate chip cookies last night ... from scratch ! lol It was my first attempt at home made cookies , and they were very good if I do say so myself . :) 
making chicken pot pie for dinner .. yum :) 
my poor doggie . I believe our dog will be < PROPMALE>'s incentive to crawl . I can put his toys in front of him and he doesn't seem to care . The dog sits near him and he starts to laugh and reach for him . Only problem is .. our dog is afraid of him ! lol I guess < PROPMALE > will have to learn to go faster to catch him :P 
< PROPMALE > is able to get anywhere he wants now . It's not quite a crawl , but very close . He uses his arms and legs together now . <3 He's slow ... but I bet that won't last long . 
Just got back from a day at < PROPFIRST>'s parents house . < PROPMALE > did great in the beginning , but got a little overwhelmed by all the noise when everyone else arrived . We get him home and he's laughing out loud and chasing the dog . Where was this enthusiasm earlier ?? 
? ? ? If you have a wonderful partner , who helps balance your whole world . Who isn't perfect , but is perfect for you . Who works hard and would do anything for you . Who makes you laugh and drives you crazy , who is your best friend , who you want to grow old with , and who you are thankful for everyday , and who you could not live without . Brag about your love a little and re-post this as your status . ? ? <3 
watching the Today show , saw a clip of a mom punishing her 7 year old with hot sauce and a cold shower ! That's just so horrible ! I can't believe what some people think is acceptable discipline . :( At least she's going to court for child abuse . 
< PROPMALE > has so many toys in the living room floor , yet he decides he'd rather explore the kitchen . Time to put up the baby gates . lol 
going to try to make homemade applesauce for < PROPMALE > . He hates the store baby food version , so we'll see if he'll like this better . Plus , it's fun to try to make something new :) 
Cleaned < PROPMALE>'s room and put some of his clothes into storage . I look at his newborn clothes and I can't believe how much he's grown . 
I figured out why I'm fat ! The shampoo I use in the shower that runs down my body says \for extra volume and body\ " . I'm going to start using \ " Dawn\ " dish soap . It says \ " dissolves fat that is otherwise difficult to remove\ " . Re-post if you have the same issue !! " 
I am proud to be from the South - where tea is sweet and accents are sweeter ; summer starts in April ; front porches are wide and words are long ; macaroni and cheese is a vegetable ; pecan pie is a staple ; Y’all is the only proper pronoun ; chicken is fried and biscuits come w/ gravy ; everything is darling and someone is always getting their heart blessed . Y'all have a good day now ! True Southerners will repost . ;) 
Humm ... wish they made baby rogaine . < PROPMALE>'s hair is growing way to slow . lol Maybe I need to start massaging his scalp :D 
< PROPMALE > just sat up on his own ! He has been rocking back and forth on his knees , I thought he was going to crawl , but instead he thought he'd sit . lol 
I see posts on here about a shooting in Grundy , anyone got more info ? 
Does anyone know how < PROPFIRST > is doing ? I can't hear anything on the news , just one deputy is in serious and the other critical . I'm very worried . :( 
I went to Kingsport and saw < PROPFIRST > today . Only got to stay in the room for about 5 minutes , didn't want to monopolize the time , there were others waiting to see him . But I was so glad to see him . He seemed groggy , but he talked with us some . He promised he'd sing for me at church . I can't wait for that day ! I thank God he's still with us . 
Husband and Wife Week -- If your spouse is your best friend , who works hard for you , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married . May 21 , 2005 
Bought < PROPMALE > a superman outfit with a cape for his 1 year birthday party . I know it's 4 1/2 months away , but we couldn't help it . :) 
VIA Hope < PROPFIRST > Ramey : Just talked to < PROPFIRST > . The miracles are already coming for < PROPFIRST > and he just got to Atlanta today . < PROPFIRST > said that they had told them that they thought they could fix his colon and bladder . Also they are going to do surgery on his back next week and they said that was going to do everything they could to get < PROPFIRST > walking . 
I loved you the minute I heard you were coming . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old , but I knew I would die for you and to this day I still would . When you choose to have a child , you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside of your body . Put this on your status if you have children you love more than life 
The past two nights I have dreams that < PROPFIRST > is walking unassisted . I seem to keep him on my mind a lot . I know God can make those dreams into a reality ! 
Making sugar-free chocolate chip cookies . You can't even tell the difference with Splenda :D 
Banana 
I listened to the CD < PROPFIRST > made , it was so touching . I listened to it over and over on the way home . Couldn't help but break down and cry . He is truly talented . 
< PROPMALE > stood up on his own this morning . So proud of him :) 
Waiting for < PROPMALE > to be ready for his nap so I can start cleaning the house . It's a mess , I haven't touched it all weekend , and I think a whirlwind went through it . lol 
Cleaned house , made dinner , and gave < PROPMALE > a bath . It's been a very productive day . Boy am I tired ! 
