having some doubts about 2010 but am crossing my fingers . 

day at the Pike with the family ! Bubba Gump , ferris wheel , gameworks , and a lot of walking ! What could be better on such a beautiful , warm day . :) 
is attempting to get out of the house today . 
trying to rejuvenate after being sick for 3 days , no more rest as spouse took off for night of fishing . Hmmmm , must be nice .... 
hoping to feel at least 90% better tomorrow , daughter has way to much energy to keep confined another day ....... ( please , feel better , feel better , feel better ...... ) 
still not 100% but planning to drag myself out of the house for my daughter , she just has to buy a new \pet shop pal\ " . :) " 
hoping for a warm Monday to get some alone time at the beach . Ahhhh ...... that sounds so perfect right now . ( please , please , please .... ) 
is ..... 
had a late start this am , hopig things move along quickly so I can enjoy some ME time . :) 
last day to recover , gimme strength 
actually shedding a tear watching < PROPFIRST > Jacksons Black or White video :( 
is getting prepared for Vegas trip . Planning to chill by the pool with family and maybe shoot a little Craps . :) 
Looks like another Beautiful Day here in Cali !!!!! 
is ready to complete all the chores in time to take kids to the movies and the beach , and hopefully still have dinner on the table tonight . We shall see .... 
is wondering why I am so full of energy when I have to work tomorrow and should be in bed ..... 
is finally turning in ............... I never stay up this late . CRazy !!!!! Night Night All ! 
is up and has another list of chores ! Sigh ......... 
Cruise by the coast alone may help . 
\ gonna make a change \"" 
is afraid even with the hysterical conversations tonite , i will be unable to stop my mind from going one hundred < PROPMALE > a minute . 
Rockin and Rollin in SoCal , we make the Earth move !!! 
is wondering why friends you connect with suddenly disconnect . 
is saying goodnight . 
is wondering if it is better to remain distant to prevent thoughts of change , or would that be considered avoidance of what is destined . 
working tomorrow and will be arriving with a huge SMILE ! 
turning in , busy weekend ahead . Night All ! 
is waiting for everyone to wake up , breakfast is ready ! Busy day today with family and friends , wish I got more sleep . 
waiting for kids to wake up , so we can get out of here ...... again ! :) Gorgeous day , would prefer hanging out at the beach ..... 
had a great afternoon skating followed by a swim in the beautiful ocean ! Now , unfortunately , mind is in thinking mode and feeling a little split in my thoughts .......... 
thinking will continue as I drive to LAX to pick up my Baby Bro and Sista < PROPFEMALE > . 
wondering why those who are suppose to love you the most , can be the most harsh in their words . 
wondering if a day at the beach tomorrow may help release my negative tension ....... 
Gotta run . Wishing everyone a Goodnight ! Class tomorrow , must be prepared . 
is looking for inspiring conversation ..... 
needs to get a good night sleep for work tomorrow , but will I make it to bed early ????? 
exhausted . 
is wide awake preparing for the day . 
worked in am , < PROPMALE > at the beach , stopped at a friends for a beer , made dinner , picked up daug at YMCA , served family , dishes done , floor mopped , daughter bathed , son home from hanging out , and now getting a bit tired ...... still a lot to do and unable to p 
Good Morning My Friends ! :) 
Wishing everybody a great day , with lots of laughter ! 
Had A Fantastic Day , Nothing can bring me down ! :) 
wondering what I shall do while my significant other is out of town fishing this weekend ...... hmmmmmm 
enjoying a cup of < PROPFEMALE > jello with whip cream on top while watching Ghost Whisperer . 
is lovin the lounging around tonight ! 
is heading to the beach with my girl to relax for a few hours . \Its a Beautiful Day . \"" 
in deep thought . 
is 
is discovering that many of these quizzes may have some truth 
behind on my sleep , awoke this am physically and mentally exhausted . Trying to reenergize , can anyone of my friends help me put a little pep in my step ? < PROPFEMALE > , where are you my friend ? 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > ! 
listening to some calming music , enjoying my time , waiting for my girl to get up . 
Rise and Shine ! Busy , Busy month August is ...... Yikes ! 
flexed this am until 0900 , now my girl can sleep in , maybe surprise her with donuts this am :D 
Arrogant bastard chillin in the frig ...... Kyong , will let you know how it goes down . 
hoping for a day that flows , didn't get off to good start to far ..... 
finished enrollment for < PROPFEMALE > at HT , First Grade here we come ! Yeah ! 
is finished eating a great fish dinner c some scampi . Yummy ! Now feeling the exhaustion kick in after a very busy day at work . 
finally able to sit down and jump on facebook . Ahhhh .... so tired , such a busy day . 
stressed and hoping it will pass 
enjoying some fresh sashimi in the comfort of her own home , Yummy ! 
spending the day with my girl ! :) 
is wondering why I am still up ..... so tired . 
Good Morning Everyone ! Heading to work and hoping my sons first day of High School orientation at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is a good one ! 
ready to retire after a busy day at work . Late start tomorrow , nice :) 
I love the quizzes ! Anyways , saying goodnight to all . 
Son has access to fb , enjoying his laughter from the other room with the flair i am sending him . 
Agghhh ,,,, I am sooo tired ! < PROPMALE > did well first day of school , < PROPFEMALE > doesnt start for another week ....... give me strength to get through August . 
back hurts :( Worked hard today , time to put my feet up 
Inglorious Basterds ... What a movie ! 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Birthday today ! 6 Years old ! Big Girl , 1st grade next week ... Yeah ! 
up and getting ready for yet another meeting , sure is warm already . Hmmm , maybe beach and books for a little studying ....... 
ahhh , Jamba Juice ! Yummy !!!! 
Finished shopping for school clothes and shoes today , whew ! < PROPFEMALE > is ready for Holy < PROPFEMALE > next Wednesday , Yeah ! 
So tired yet still up , stuck on the oxygen channel today , 2 movies later and its already 1030 ! 
First day of school for my little < PROPFEMALE > , 1st grade ! She was all smiles ! Heading out for a new backpack and lunch box for my girl ! < PROPMALE > enjoying high school , still cant believe how much he grew , my height now . ( no laughing ) Have a great day everyone ! 
is Burnin Up !! Aghhh ..... this minimum day school thing is killin me this week , doesnt allow for any beach time . :( 
Should be in bed but about to do some homework . Good night everyone , hope not too hot to sleep again ....... 
Excited to < PROPFEMALE > out in Long Beach tomorrow with friends ! 
Up early and feelin like a piece of beef jerky . All day in the sun yesterday , and would not change a thing ! Gorgeous day ! Thanks again < PROPFIRST > ! 
is ....... 
is tired 
has completed all her reading for school and turned in answers to assigned questions for first group assignment . Breast cancer screening interesting at cellular level but must admit , my head hurts . 
Busy day at work , exhausted .... yet here I am ..... 
is not at the top of her game today 
Off to study again , should be interesting with kids yelling and screaming . Calgon 1st ? 
Between kids , school , work , chores , and feeling blah ...... time to get some rest . Night all . 
is trying to study and has now diagnosed herself with multiple diseases . 
up watching \ A League of their Own \"" 
Too much studying today , my brain overloaded 
should be in bed sleeping but instead wondering ..... 
Home after having some lunch and cruise by the beach in Torrance . Of course , the final cruise by Palms in SP . What great memories held there . :) 
just finished playing Go Fish with my daughter . 
is tired , time to rest the body . 
sad ..... lost assignment due tomorrow , now have to retype everything . :( 
Just finished my assignment , saved and sent ! :) Time for bed . 
First note home from school yesterday , my daughter is a Firecracker ! Please , please , please , calm the flame without putting it out . 
is suppose to be doing homework but playing on farmville ..... go figure . 
also mentally preparing for work tomorrow with \J\ " in the House ! " 
Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! Have a Wonderful day ! We Love YOu !!! 
home from Cardiac Symposium at Good Samaritan . Lucky to drive with my pal , laughed on the way , and all the way back ! 
OMG .... so addicted to Farmville , I am not doing my homework ! AGGHHHH !!! 
is reading and doing homework assignment but sooooo ready to climb into bed . 
is waiting for her teen to get home from a dance at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . Trying to keep my eyes open , another hour . Yikes ! My little < PROPFEMALE > asleep on the couch , think I will cuddle with her and watch TV now . School ...... wait until tomorrow . 
has 2nd degree burns on her fingertips :( 
Night Night all ..... Sweet dreams :) 
met with 1st grade teacher this am , briefly , to discuss Serenas talking . Says if it continues she will start a Behavioral Contract , WTF ! It is like the 4th week of school , adjusting to 1st grade ...... U know I verbalized My Concerns ! 
Turning in now , big day at work tomorrow . Night , Night . 
is exhausted 
tense this am after son missed his carpool , teenagers . : 0 
recovering from a \very deep tissue\ " massage .... yikes ! " 
carpool time . 
difficulty finding motivation today . 
< PROPMALE>'s prgress report ... Hmmmmm .......... 
< PROPMALE > and I just had some sushi , but we both prefer Sashimi with white rice :D 
up and ready for work . Looking forward to working under a Great nurse and close friend ! 
good day at work until my shoe broke ..... again . 
is Busy , Busy , Busy ! Yikes .... how will I get everything done ! 
is getting ready to attend parent/teacher night at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
is back from parent/teacher night , and sooo tired . Now trying to finish my homework . So happy no work tomorrow ... so glad that worked out . 
is assisting son with essay for class and has not touched her own . In need of a good nights sleep for work tomorrow .... 
is tired too . 
is trying to get some homework done , family from out of town popped in for unexpected visit . Looking forward to lying on couch , holding my girl . 
was able to sleep in , Yeah !!! Preparing for church . 
is trying to relax , even though there is homework to be done . Busy week ahead ... sigh ..................... 
< PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > , I am unable to accept your drinks as I just finished my milk and cookies from < PROPFEMALE > . I have a milk moustache . :D 
is tired this am . Diffifcult trying to do homework last night with dilated pupils . 
Midterm tomorrow , Yikes ! Too busy to study all week , I need all the luck I can get . 
ready for bed 
just dropped < PROPMALE > at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for Confirmation orientation class until 3pm . :) Chores , errands , and < PROPFEMALE > to start gymnastics today . :) My Baby ! 
is devastated ..... I can not check my farm ! :( What is goin on ? 
is irritated with billing departments . Trying to understand how an office only sends out one statement , or final statement , with no explanation of charges . Interesting there would be a balance since I have dual insurance . Will try to remain calm when I call them next week ..... Give me the strength ... 
needing to focus on homework tonight . 
is going to do it ....... thats right ....... drink full leaded coffee tonight ! Yikes ! My good friends know 1/2 cup of 1/2 caf and that is it , well , too much to do and need HELP !!!!! 
sniff , sniff ....... Its brewing . 
is suppose to be reading but stuck on fb .... worst thing is , I can not access Farmville . Yikes ! 
is cherishing life as you never know when time is cut short . 
my baby girl is finally feeling better and son will be home by 1100 , better get some studying done . This weather is not for me , as much as the sound of the rain is calming , the view outside is unwelcoming . 
has a headache 
is exhausted but had to check my farm . I am thankful for the wonderful nurses I work with in ICU . Thank you all for your support and teamwork today . 
must be tired , actually slept in until 0900 . Strange . Trip to carestation with many others this afternoon :( , bright spot , get to watch < PROPFEMALE > at gymnastics practice today . 
Halloween ... my Favorite holiday . Thats right , I get to pretend to be someone else for 1 day ! 
is so tired ...... of being tired . :( 
is hoping to gain some energy overnight , back to work in am . 
is waiting for classmates to meet online ......... 
wondering why I never put my daughter in T-ball after I saw her throw her pumpkin across my front room . Oh yes , very long time out . 
Gotta jet , paper due before midnight too . < PROPFEMALE > , feelin the pressure too , good luck . Goodnight everyone , sleep tight . 
is taking < PROPFEMALE > to gymnastics , followed by birthday party of dear friend .... just what I need , a normal day . :) 
Trying to rejuvenate and get some things done .... however , not lookin like that will happen . Turn in early after a night of pizza ! Yummy ! 
just finished some homework , getting too sleepy to read , maybe another hour ..... hmmmm 
turning in .... Good Night All . 
is cold . Brrrrr ...... : x 
is looking forward to using the giftcard I won for an hour long massage today ! Yeah , sure need it ! 
Guess I picked the wrong costume this year , should have been a Devil . 
looking forward to a good nights sleep .... 
needs to get the hell off fb and get some homework done ..... sheesh , I can not focus . :( ( But my farm looks real nice ) 
is getting it together this am , the best I know how . 
is tryin to get the household in order so I can hit the books ...... again . 
is tired of school , Sigh ....... 
a lot to do ...... as usual . Will have a break to catch up on some reading . 
Getting the house in order , hmmm , seems like I have done this before ....... oh , yeah , thats right ...... I do it all the time . 
had a wonderful , steady day at work . :D 
Ahhhh , Friday ! :D 
spent most of my day doing absolutely nothing . When does that ever happen ? 
chillin at home , everyone doing there own thing . 
guess alitte flair happy tonightm :D 
A Christmas < PROPFIRST > 3D was pretty good , took the kids and they seem to enjoy it . 
Signing out to catch up on some reading , plus work tomorrow . Night All ! 
tended to my farm and aquarium , now too tired to do homework . Not lookin good ..... 
Half day at HT , now rushing to get chores and homework done before my little one is out , plus , paren t-t eacher conference ( should be interesting ) 
Just received my sons COPS testing , showing his highest result Science Professional ! My baby boy .... funny , I knew this before the test . Follow your dreams < PROPMALE > ! 
Good Morning All ! Celebrate our Veterans ! 
is hoping for a serene day tomorrow at work ...... 
Wishing everyone a goodnight ! 
Thank you all for the wonderful teamwork and support today ! Goodnight ! 
No Fishville requests my peeps , too much work for me to keep up . 
is so sleepy ( Yawn ) 
trying to Study but keep finding myself on FB ..... darn it ! 
I am so happy ! Increased my level on Farmville and finally able to plant my favorite flower !! Yeah !!!!! :D 
Ready to get some chores done ! 
thankful for such a beautiful , warm day ! :) 
My little one feel asleep at the table after having her hot cocoa , so cute . 
It amazes me how some people can be cruel to another person and think nothing of it . These are very self centered people , who only care about themselves . God help those who fall into there trap to be manipulated . 
Feeling great today , time to get out ! 
Why did I have to drink coffee this late ... and it was 1/2 caf , sleepy and here I am on FB . 
( yawn ) sleepy time , nightie night all . 
Night all , work tomorrow . Happy Thanksgiving . 
Surprised how fast Christmas has hit ! Music , lights ..... Yikes ! Maybe I am just getting slower ....... 
Very thankful for my children . 
is falling asleep 
One child down , one to go ....... 
feeling bad that I was unable to assist my son this am and at the same time , disappointed that he can be so absent minded :( 
not happy with the present weather :( 
has errands to run but can't seem to get out the door .... not my time of year . 
actually looking forward to work tomorrow , deep thinking brings me down ... especially this time of the year . 
is feeling good about the New Year ! 
has actually started Christmas shopping today and not too many people , it was wonderful ! Tomorrow church , and Christmas tree ! :) 
had a very full weekend . 
Up & Ready to start my day ! 
it has been a very long day , and it's only 230 . ( sigh ) 
last day of school for my children , happy to have them home with me ! 
needs to finish shopping ! Yikes ! 
Home from 2nd Christmas party this week and had a wonderful time ! Now off to bed for work tomorrow . 
busy day .... thankful for such a wonderful ICU staff ! 
slept in and getting ready to finish shopping ! Hope I dont blow away !!! yikes ! 
spent some of the day trying to rescue a family member , however , the help was not needed or asked for ..... frustrating and sad at the same time . 
so many things to do but just want to slide back into bed . 
time to start cookin ! 
is wondering if 1330 is too early to have a crown and seven ....... my kids are driving me CRAZY ! 
In remembering those we have lost , memories begin to flow and special traditions continue on ..... Wishing all a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . 
is not liking this cold weather , ran to bath & body works , got what I wanted , and back home . Want to curl up on the coach , watch a show , and a nap . Ahhhh , rejuvenate for work tomorrow ... 
is tired . 
Goodnight Everybody ! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > make a cupcake for her brother with her New Cupcake Maker . :) 
is wondering where everyone is spending New Years < PROPFEMALE > ...... 
is sleepy 
hoping to sleep in tomorrow .... sigh , how wonderful that would be 
needs to find the motivation to get all my errands done and chill before 2 days of work . 
cozy next to my babygirl on the couch , she is my sleeping beauty :) 
Wild N Kinky .... 
It is a Beautiful Day ! 
HAPPY BITHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!! HOPE YOUR DAY WAS A GOOD ONE !!! 
is drained 
worked less than 6hrs today and lovin it ! Kids homework done , smoothies for all , and now watching the \Office\ " taped by my son . Nice . " 
Yikes ... Rainy out , guess I have to go curly today :) 
Thoughts and Prayers to < PROPMALE > Korthes Family .... 
This is a cool one ..... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JI5soO-XNvU 
is very tired from all the running around today . 
up and ready to roll out ! 
is spending the day in , gathering donations for goodwill . 
is planning to be in bed extra early for work tomorrow . Hoping for a smooooothhhhhhh morning . ( pleeezz ) 
HOT & STEAMY ( OF COURSE ) :) 
everyone in bed , sitting , watching \the office ' while messin around on facebook . " 
is saying Goodnight all ! 
Thank you , everyone , for all the warm birthday wishes ! Will say goodbye to an old friend today . 
hard to explain but even though we said goodbye to a childhood friend today < PROPFIRST > Korthe , the old friends and families of Holy < PROPFEMALE > that were brought together , filled my heart with all the wonderful memories once shared . Remember to < PROPFEMALE > those you have , as you never know when they will be taken from you . Thank you all for the Birthday Wishes and all the memories . Much love .... 
Remembering another , today is < PROPFEMALE > Ruggeros Birthday . 
Work day but with this rain , rather stay in bed 
headed out to shop a little with \ mini me ! \ " :) " 
will be pissed if while I am at work tomorrow , it turns out to be a nice day . 
is out for the count , bedtime for me .... early rise ! Hope everyone has a great Sunday ! Wish me luck on a \smooth day . \ " Although a little excited sure gets me goin !!!! :) " 
is taking a nice deep breath :) 
Grey skies , again ..... 
wishing my ear would stop popping , open-closed-open-closed ... muffled , clear , muffled , clear ..... aghhhhh ! 
yikes .... overtime 
still has a horrible headache :( 
is up but moving very slowly 
Here I am stuck on fb when I have reading to do for my class , that starts tomorrow . yikes ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is sooo excited about Open House tomorrow ! I am thankful for working with such Wonderful nurses , especially for one who is making it possible for me to attend this important function . Thank you so much ! :) 
is off to bed , Night Night All . 
Good Morning Everyone , especially my Farmville neighbors .... I need to finish my stable as my horses are cold . Please help me by sending me some building materials . Thank you :) Now time to get moving ... grocery store , breakfast , Open House at Holy < PROPFEMALE > then to work . 
has been running around and now picking up baby girl , minimum day today ! :) 
finished reading chapter 2 , now must start on first writing assignment . 
is so done for tonight 
does not like the new facebook , may have to delete my account . I dont like change . 
sorry for all the pillows , checkin out site and all sent without my press of the button . yikes ! 
too tired to doing any reading now .... trying to choose between coffee or crown & 7 .... hmmmm , so difficult 
just sat down to do some homework , yet here I am on fb . Wth ! 
Back from the beach , gorgeous day to < PROPFEMALE > out . 
is exhausted after a busy day at work , but doesnt stop there ... now , checking homework , ordering hot lunches , checking homework and assignments , balancing work schedule , etc ....... when all completed , a nice cool crown & seven waiting for me . Son is waiting for me on the couch to watch \ The Office\ " :) " 
A little extra sleep this am , so why do I still have a headache ???? 
is excited about participating in the Holy < PROPFEMALE > Parish Nursing H1N1 clinic tomorrow night ! :) 
Homework , Homework , Homework ......... agghhhh ! 
Ready for what I am dealt today ! :) 
is relieved to hear that her daughter doesn't want to be a Hobo anymore ..... Now she wants to be a singer . :) 
has decided to chill tonight , no homework .. simply to tired . Goodnight . 
is getting a second wind . Errands today , homework , interview , homwoek , picked up Serena , homework , made enchiladas for dinner with my Aunt , kitchen cleaned up , ready for homework but remembered Parish mtg at 7pm ..... oh well , maybe a \Third\ " wind ! :) " 
To my farmville friends , I am still in need of 4 harnesses and 1 horseshoe , if you could help me .... My poor horses are cold 
Thanks everyone for your concern . 
I am so tired , so homework must wait . 
lost in translation 
is focused 
spent the evening looking through old pics with my Aunt ... night well spent . 
Ahhhhh , ice cold drink , just what I needed ...... :) 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFIRST > !!!!! GORGEOUS DAY OUT , ENJOY !!! 
homework complete , headed to bed . Night all ! 
birthday party , lunch , movies and dinner ...... so very tired but well worth it . 
Gorgeous day today ! 
is suppose to be finishing papers 
hangin with my babygirl at the beach today , absolutely beautiful ! Now back to my busy life ....... 
Yikes ! < PROPFEMALE > jumped out of bed , excited for Easter Egg hunt at school plus hangin with her big buddies ! :D Ahhhh , simple happiness ! 
Lots to do , where to start ....... 
< PROPFEMALE > had fun coloring eggs ..... my table was soaked , few eggs dropped and most of them colored brown . Not as bright as I had anticipated , but she sure had a good time . 
Fantastic Easter at home ! 
Nothin like a little \rock n roll ! \"" 
Told my daughter it is already noon and maybe she should get in the bath now , her reply , \Ahh Man ! \"" 
is up and ready for the day ! 
nothing like a night out with friends/colleagues ! Now drinking some 1/2 caf and back to the books .! 
Yeah .... Sunshine where have you been ! :D 
is seeing her calander fill up and feeling a \tad\ " stressed . " 
Goodnight all , time to get some sleep after a long , mentally draining day .... homework will simply have to wait . 
So happy my son tapes \Bones\ " for me to watch in my leisure . " 
Gloomy Saturday , What happened to all that beautiful sunshine . Summer is around the corner ! 
Exhausted from work but getting my second wind , hope it lasts for another hour . 
is it that difficult to indicate with a blinker when you are turning , or even pulling overto the right ..... damn people 
pans that do not stick , any ideas my friends ? 
hoping to get to bed early to be well rested for work tomorrow . 
Eager to end this class , anxiety with last paper due ...... 
It really irritates to get an eobs stating they will not pay because the drs office filed it over 1 year too late ! Please pray for the person I will be talking to today 
Paper submitted and hoping for the best . 
Too much sugar for me today ...... : x talk about running out of gas , almost crawled out of work , or Special K could have wheeled me out on her back pack 
chillin 
Ahhhhh , slept in until 0830 .... wow ! Amazing ! Now feels like I am behind . 
Smiling 
feelin good after a refreshing crown & seven , just what I needed to relax 
Solid A in my class ! Yeah !!! 
is so proud of my boy , bronze medal in Latin ! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY STASH !!!!!!!! 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > dancing & singing to some oldies ( ok , so am I ) :D 
Being a NURSE means you < PROPFEMALE > immense \ 
responsibility . You step into people's lives\ 
& make a difference . Some bless you , others curse you . You see \ 
people at their worst & best . You see life begin & end . You see \ 
people's capacity for love , courage , & endurance . ? IT'S NURSES \ 
APPRECIATION WEEK . REPOST IF YOU ARE A NURSE , LOVE A NURSE , AND/OR \ 
APPRECIATE A NURSE 
beams , mat , parellel bars ..... love attending < PROPFEMALE>'s gymnastics class . :) 
Sleepy 
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! Enjoy your moms on this special day , and the moms who have left us too early in this life , rest assure that they are gazing down on you from heaven . \ 
Mom , I miss you so much ..... Thank you for all the wonderful childhood memories . 
lines ...... aghhhh !!!! 
5 hours of work , not too shabby ;) 
Hurry up sun , where are you ........ 
bath time ..... for my car :) 
Daughter refusing to do homework , said \ I need a maid to do my homework . \"" 
Ahhh , I feel it , summers right around the corner :D 
I am not liken the call on our Lakers so far 
LAKERS , HELL YA !!!!! 
soooooo sleepy ...... Night all ! 
Welcoming Sunshine :D 
feelin sleepy 
Sister week !! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , copy and paste this to your status .? Sisters are suppose to be a promise from god that we will have a forever friend . I love my sisters !!!!! I LOVE ALL MY SISSY TOO 
Man , this was a very long week ........ so tired , energy where are you ! 
is happy it is the last day of school for Serena ..... yipee ! 
Is looking forward to greeting her new nephew in a few months ! Congrats to my baby bro and sis ! Love you both very much ! 
Yikes ! Chest pain is back , summer is suppose to be relaxing . 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship ... these types of friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live ... REPOST this if you are blessed enough to have at least one friend like this . 
is hot and lovin it ! 
chapped lips , ouch ! 
Ahhhh , what is goin on outside with this weather ........ Goin back to bed . :( 
will be dreaming of warm weather .... night , night 
is wondering why my teenager has not , yet , left the house this summer . 
is watching < PROPFEMALE > play tennis on the Wii , gotta keep this one very busy :D 
Beautiful overcast Sunday , how unusual ....... Agghhh , where is my sunshine . 
Time to catch some Zzzzzzzzz's ..... Night all ! 
How is it that the sun is shining and I am in the house .......????????????? 
Upestting to read of a murder right here in our own town San < PROPMALE > , a 10 year old student at Holy < PROPFEMALE > school murdered by her mother , 10 years old :( 
Yeah !!!! \Sunny Days .... \"\" :D " 
is finishing up at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Fiesta , hamburger booth .... rocked ! :) 
A daughter will hold your hand for only a \ 
little while , but will hold your heart for a life time . It's\Daughter \ 
If you have a son who makes your life interesting and fun , \ 
who has been a blessing in your life and makes life worth living just \ 
by being around - copy and paste this to your status . ?... Your Son will\ 
outgrow your lap , but never your heart ! 
Wow , legs sore today , quite a bit of running around yesterday but still plan on wearing heels :) 
is happy =) 
Boys out for fishing trip tonight , just me and my girl =) 
is excited to pick up new puppy on Wednesday =D 
is excited to pick up new puppy on Wednesday !!!!! =) 
is relaxing at home 
was jogging for the first time with Ezio ! =) 
is mentally exhausted ........ 
has finished registering and paying tuition for one child , now just one to go ! 
is wondering 
was listening to Ezio whine from the kitchen , blocked by a gate , and suddenly CRASH- and he appears at the side of my bed ! 
is fatigued 
is up , up and away !!! 
Happy Birthday to my little girl , < PROPFEMALE > ! Big \7\ " years old today !!!! I love you babygirl ! " 
I love satellite radio ! 
can not believe it has been 18 yrs today that my Dad & Nonna passed away ....... the memories of that day are so crisp & clear . 
satellite radio has brought me delight ... my favorite < PROPFIRST > Ant ! 
Enjoying my weekend off ..... much needed and am catching up :D Now time for fried shrimp , ahi ahi , and steamed asparagus ..... yummy ! 
has a severe headache and finding it difficult to study for quiz ( sigh ) 
Lcmh picture in Daily Breeze today ! Very Proud to be a member of Providence Healthcare ! 
is attempting to finish a powerpoint due on Friday , staying focused is the hardest part ...... Breaktime ! :) 
back from a visit to vet for my little Ezio , sat next to an elderly hispanic man desperately holding his chihuahua . Assisted him to his feet to take his puppy in , he returned with tears in his eyes ..... his little one had an MI . :( 
is back to the books ..... but would rather retire early 
wishes she could lounge all day 
is wondering why this headache has lingered for sooooo long 
is always finding other things to do than the homework that is due . 
is attempting to finish a group paper but finding myself watching tv , playing on fb and checking my work email . Focus ....... Focus ..... 
Nighty Night all ....... Time for some beauty rest . 
had a great day at work today and looking forward to some office work tomorrow :) 
feels like an ice cube :( so not my weather ....... 
Thanksgiving .... day to appreciate 
Thanksgiving , day to appreciate ..... wishing everyone a cozy holiday and here's a Shout Out to my Baby Bro < PROPMALE > - Happy Birthday !!!!!!! love you so much ! 
To my Little Company Peeps , does anyone have a parenting book I can borrow tomorrow for an assignment ? 
always nice to come home to find you Ugg boots have been chewed apart by your dog ....... hmmmmm , who was watching Ezio tonight ???? 
home from < PROPMALE > Potter , somethin I just love about these movies ....... this one left me hangin for the next 
has finished her exam on-line ! Yippeeeee ! Class almost over , will enjoy some time off until next year !!!! 
t 
? I don't need an angel on my Christmas tree , I already have one in heaven looking down on me ........ put this as your status if there is someone in heaven you will miss this Christmas !! ? 
does not like this new profile < PROPFEMALE > and is very upset that I can not go back to how it use to be :( 
must focus .... 
A long day at work , I think I earned this ding-dong :) 
got stuck on the way home from work on western , DUI check point .... 
Rain :( so not good for my mental health 
Do not think < PROPFEMALE > will be sleeping tonight ...... putting cookies out now & says she is stayin up until midnight . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody ! 
Thank God for the sunlight shining into my backyard ..... this rain almost put me over the edge . 
OMG !!! MORE RAIN !!! AGHHHHHHHH !! 
Actually stepped out into the cold weather to take my daughter to see \Tangled\ " and Aunt went along for the ride . " 
Yikes ! It is chilly out ! 
What Lies With In Ur Eye's -- My Result : Passion . http://quizme.heroku.com/quizzes/744615/referrals/status?aid=679712448 
Enjoying a nightcap while watching the Lakers . 
<3 
Focus , organize , plan of attack 
awoke to find my refrigerator contents rearranged 
Is resting 
midterm today , hmmmm , wish I had time to open my book ( sigh ) 
hmmm , wish my paper could write itself . 
Money does not bring happiness .... when will people learn . 
So happy having 3 days off ! The weather has been gorgeous with a great day at the beach yesterday for rest & relaxation , followed by quality time with my Godmother =) 
Missed the traffiic to Irvine , Yeah ! 
Drained 
Happy Easter Everyone ! Family , Food , and Fun ! 
Give me the strength 
Very sad to see what greed does to people . Keeping the faith and believe the truth shall prevail . \ 
Thanks to my husband for being such a support in the loss of Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . I know how much she meant to you . No one will ever know the relationship you two shared . My family was blessed to have her with us all these years and we are glad to have been there for her through the most difficult times . 
Father's Day & Mom's Birthday ..... wish they were here . Love you . 
I was raised to say please & thank you , to have respect for my elders , lend a helping hand to those who were in need , hold the door for the person behind me , say excuse me when it was needed , and to Love people for who they are , not for what you can get from them ! I was taught to treat people the way I want to be treated . If you were raised this way too , please re-post this ... Wondering who will post ?? 
Wow , what a nice Saturday ! Yeah , Sunshine =) 
I have a 1 year old Doberman , his name is Ezio Mateo . He is a fullbred and has not been neutered . If you know anyone who is interested in buying my baby , please have them contact me at my email that is listed . He is a beautiful dog , great with my kids , and has a lot of energy . Great watchdog . 
should not be up right now :/ 
Treating myself to color 
is so happy to become a Godmother to my handsome little < PROPFIRST > next week !!!! 
couple of hours at the beach is better than none at all ...... caught a much needed nap . 
Excuses , excuses .... 
My house is an oven ...... agghhh 
Decompressing 
< PROPMALE > and I go to have pizza at Nikos , which was delicious and we were excited to take the leftovers home until I knocked the whole tray on the floor . 
7.5 inches :( 
Beautiful day and I am indoors , wth ! 
Mondaze .......... Morning Everybody ! 
Draining day , hoping that < PROPFEMALE > shows her face soon ! 
So , one child turned 16 last week , now the next turns 8 tomorrow- one already returned to school and preparing for 2nd one to start soon- man , August is BuSy !!! 
Waaayyyyy past my bedtime , zzzzzz 
Big Birthday Shout out to my little girl , < PROPFEMALE > is 8 years old today !!! 
is hittin the books to ensure a free day tomorrow ! Hopin I can get it all done , wish me luck : 0 
Where is my sunshine ? Hellloooo , this is my day off with my girl ........... 
Wow , so very tired after a very busy day ............... so why can't I sleep :/ 
I swear school is going to kill me . sigh ...... 
I believe I have a pressure ulcer forming from sitting at my computer alllll dayyyy longggg doing homework , and still not done ! :( 
Artist Soulja Boy , has released a new song that includes the phrase \F&*$ THE ARMY TROOPS\ " he contiues on to say how \ " hard\ " and \ " real\ " he is and how \ " fake\ " our ( VETS ) are . I am going to test the power of social networking and see if this reaches him 
Slept in and still tired ....... really ? With this weather , I should crawl back and hibernate . 
O ! say can you see by the dawn’s early light , \ 
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight’s last gleaming , \ 
Whose broad stripes and bright stars through the perilous fight , \ 
O’er the ramparts we watched , were so gallantly streaming\ 
And the rockets’ red glare , the bombs bursting in air , \ 
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there ;\ 
O ! say does that star-spangled banner yet wave , \ 
O’er the land of the free and the home of the brave ! \ 
\ 
God Bless Our Country ! 
I want to extend to my fellow staff and colleagues how proud I am to be apart of such a Fantastic ICU Team ! The opitimal , compassionate care you provide to our patients and families everyday ....... THANK YOU !!!! 
Still doing homework , Really ????? So very sleepy . Zzzzzzzz 
The feeling of failure sure can get to a person . 
I love to pick up my son at < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > High ...... it is so peaceful up here . 
It is always so nice and peaceful this early in the morning ...... I do love getting up early . 
