Beat the Miami Hurricanes , check . Beat the Florida Gators , check . Win Bowl Game over your old nemesis < PROPMALE > Spurrier , check . I think I really LIKE the Jimbo Fisher < PROPFEMALE > !! Congratulations Seminoles ! 

What's your favorite SHINEDOWN song ? 
I'm not crazy , I'm just a little impaired . I know , right now you don't care . But soon enough you're gonna think of me , and how I used to be . 
I'm sick of hearing that I'm overqualified for jobs I'm applying for !! 
Saddened to hear that actor < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s life was cut short . Mwahahaha ... ( I know , I know , but I couldn't resist ) 
< PROPFIRST > Pujols renewed his OWNERSHIP of the Cubbies today with his 2nd career 3-homerun game against them ! Oh , and the Cardinals take the series too ! 
Is everyone okay after the tornado outbreak last night ?? Let me know !! 
One day , when I grow up , I wanna be a kid again !! 
They say true friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . These types of friends pick up just like they spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far apart they live . Repost this if you are lucky enough to have at least one friend like this . 
Goin ' to St. < PROPFIRST > tomorrow with my wife and sister and brother-in-law to see the Cardinals play the Dodgers . That should be a hot and humid good time !! 
Shhh ... Be vewy , vewy , quiet . I'm hunting wabbits .... 
< PROPFIRST > Favre retires again ! Several Fantasy Football players ' values are going to change . < PROPFIRST > Peterson - UP , < PROPFIRST > Rice - DOWN . Draft wisely my friends . Uh , nevermind ... 
ARE YOU READY FOR SOME FOOTBALL ?!?!?!?!? 
Redskins 13 - Cowboys 7 !!! 
enters this season 30 pounds lighter than last season . Of course we're only talking about Fantasy Football these days . :o ) 
Cowboys are 0-2 ?!?! That's too bad ..... ( not ) 
So < PROPFIRST > Bautista hit his 50th Home Run of the season yesterday . His previous season high for HRs is 15 . Fifteen ? Fifteen ! Are you thinking what I'm thinking ? 
To my Cheesehead friends ( you KNOW who you are !! ) Redskins WIN in OT !! \ 
< PROPMALE > , you can exercise your right to remain silent !! But you probably won't . \ 
< PROPFIRST > B . I'm looking forward to my free dinner tomorrow night !! 
Hey ! What's that thing coming right at us ?? Oh , it's the WEEKEND !!!! 
Is anybody else out there sick of < PROPFIRST > Swift ?? 
Duh , Bears !! 
Seriously considering hibernation this fall and winter . Wake me in the spring !! 
The older I get , the more I'm certain that someone out there has a voodoo doll of me , and just randomly jabs pins in various places for sheer entertainment . 
Saw Trans-Siberian Orchestra for my third time last night . I still think they put on one of the best shows I have ever seen ! There's a LOT of talent in that group !! 
Thank You to all my friends , family , and friends who feel like family , for the wonderful birthday wishes ! It was a glorious day , and the Good Lord even gave us some 70 degree weather with sunshine ! Who could ask for more than that ?? 
My homemade chili is simmering in the crock-pot , and play-off football is on TV . Some days are just perfect that way !! 
Apologies to all my FB family and friends . I haven't been on much because I'm right in the middle of a 68-hour work week . ( I'm too old for this ! ) 
