is drving Saturday and is nervous out of my mind ! 

We only got 86,400 seconds in a day , to turn it all around or throw it all away , we gotta tell ' em that we love ' em while we got the < PROPMALE > to say , gotta live like we're dying ... 
Going scubadiving Saturday . 
Scuba diving is amazing . I take back everything negative I said . Even a rock wall looked awesome . 
Did it . Now I just need to think . 
enjoys not having any regrets about anything he has ever done . 
It's funny , isn't it ? The people who seem the happiest on the outside are usually torn on the inside , leaving the truly optimistic people out in the dark , fumbling for the words that could change the person's attitude , and never finding them . 
needs a less depressing status . 
loves Metal Slimes ! 
is going scubadiving in the Grand Cayman Islands Wednesday through Sunday . I will see you guys Monday ! 
Thinking of you , wherever you are . We pray for our sorrows to end , and hope that our hearts will blend . Now I step forward to realize this wish . And who knows , maybe starting a new journey won't be so hard , or maybe it has already begun . There are many worlds , but they all share the same sky . One sky , one < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm at the airport . Saw a typical \gangster\ " and his super-model hot girlfriend playing Pokemon waiting for the plane . Faith in the world = renewed . " 
I'm back from the Caymans everyone , you can party now ! 
feels like a cloud . 
is stuck in a theoretical coffin of nails . 
noticed that wishing for twice as much sex when you get none at all is still none ... 
My retainer , when placed on a flat surface , is invisible unless light is shined directly on it . My teeth have a ninja holding them in place ! 
If I could draw the pictures I see in my head I'd be famous . 
\The cake is NOT a lie 
now knows that the end of the world is coming in the summer of 2011 . 
is trying to teach his cat to put the lid back down after using the toilet . 
noticed that today was Friday the 13th and nobody said anything about it . 
thanks God for 15 years of life ! 
Thanks all who remembered my birthday ! 
got his permit . 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kY7xg92aNrY&feature=related It never fails to bring a smile to my face ! 
Post a comment with a random number , 1-10 ! 
thinks the sky is a beautiful color tonight . 
Why does every girl I fall for look and act happy on the outside , but actually have deep emotional problems ? 
I CALL MIJUMARU ! 
From here until release date I will be doing a Countdown to Isshu . DAYS REMAINING : 14 . 
Just for your information , this is in JST ( Japanese standard time . ) Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 14 . 
Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 13 . 
Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 12 . 
My profile pic is a Shimama , to any of you who didn't know . Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 11 . 
It's a little late , but ... Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 10 . 
Gah ! I'm sorry that I forgot to update the past few days ... Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 7 . 
Falcon PAWNCH ! Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 6 . 
We will never forget ! Send a prayer for the ones who lost their lives today . Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 5 . 
There are many more new Legendaries than I would've liked , but I'm still excited . Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 4 . 
It's the calm before the nerdstorm . Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 3 . 
Ooh , soft ! Lulz . Gotta love Zidane . Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 2 . 
I want to be the best , there ever was , to beat all the rest , yeah , that's my cause ! Electrode , Diglett , Nidoran ?, Mankey\ 
Venusaur , Rattata , Fearow , Pidgey\ 
Seaking , Jolteon , Dragonite , Gastly\ 
Ponyta , Vaporeon , Poliwrath , Butterfree ! \ 
Countdown to Isshu : DAYS REMAINING : 1.5 . 
Night of the Final Day . 15 hours remain . ( Any one who gets that reference deserves a cookie ! ) Countdown to Isshu : HOURS REMAINING : 15 . 
HOLY SHIZ HOT BALLS OF FLAMING JESUS JUICE ! BLACK AND WHITE ARE OUT ! WAHOO ! * heart attack * 
I have evolved due to the awesomeness of Black and White . 
Playing games without knowing how to read them ftw ! 
Unfortunately , you were never that strong in the first place ... 
Blame the truth on me . 
You are my Light . 
\Now we can fight like real warriors ; hand-to-hand ! It is the basis of all combat . Only a fool trusts his life to a weapon . \ " \ 
just got his computer back up . I had to wipe the memory to erase a virus . Now for the agonizing process of recovering all the files ... 
Just reached the Mirage Arena . I'm gonna beat the Dwarf Woodlands and the Castle before I go , though . Wait for me , Ven . 
just got the first haircut that he likes ever . 
is going to try to hook his PSP up to the internetz so he can play Birth by Sleep online . 
Life's a test , a game you play . Except you can't just have a ' Continue ' or ' Quit ' selection made ready for you when you lose . People usually take their lives for granted , or they complain how their life isn't good enough . We were born in this world to serve a purpose . A purpose we choose , whether it's right or wrong . We choose what we do in life , we choose our goal , our reason for living . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Master Xehanort ( old version ) will be the main villian of KH3 ! He will return due to his Nobody and Heartless both being destroyed . Sora and Riku go to < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > for the < PROPFIRST > of Mastery exam . 
Empty root beer makes me sad . 
The name's < PROPFEMALE > ; got it memorized ? 
Never and forever . ;) 
Sometimes you get a little chunk\ 
Sometimes you get a whopper\ 
But the moment that you're stomach churns\ 
You shouldn't try to stop her\ 
' Cause the food you put inside yourself\ 
Is not prone to erosion\ 
And the longer that you hold it back , \ 
The bigger the explosion . 
Best friend , owner , lover , father . Rest in peace < PROPFIRST > ; you will be missed . 
IT'S A FINE DAY FOR TEA AND CRUMPETS ! Best battle cry ever . 
You know your priorities are messed up when you would rather read a sub-par comic than try to figure out what to do with the condor in Illusions of Gaia out of sheer lack of motivation . I'm pretty sure that's a sign of depression ... 0 . o 
Life is too short to waste on unhappiness . 
My first Video Game Song of the Day is up . I'm having to put this as my status to let you guys know because no one will tell me how to tag people . 
\Power is a gift given only to those with the confidence to weild it . \"" 
Female Leafeon . 
< PROPFEMALE > just killed a mouse , Warriors style . I'm so proud ! 
is contemplating contacts . 
If I could write you a song and make you fall in love then I would already have you under my arm . If I had any musical talent at all . 
My new song of the day is out .... But FB wouldn't let me tag anyone in it . 
Zombieland was amazing . In a gorey sort of way . 
Is very excited for Epic < PROPFIRST > ! 
just did 666 damage to an enemy , and got a holy water after killing it ... I'm confused . 
Nostalgia is some powerful stuff . The best part ? Non-addictive . 
I have hidden you ... between the ticks of the clock . And here we can wile away the moments of eternity ... together at last . 
is sufficently terrified by the realization of the true nature of Giygas . Oh , and the creation of Brood Mothers . 
* sigh * Rule 81 is true ... 
\Only we walk the old road now . Travellers ... in < PROPFEMALE > caravans . \"" 
Do NOT think about purple elephants while reading this ! You did , didn't you !? 
So it's 5:50 , and I'm still at school . Just thought I'd let the world know . My fingers are so numb I can't feel the keyboard ... 
Oh , yes , it's lovely weather for a sleigh ride together with you . 
Why did I think this was a good idea ever ? 
Just wants to sleep . For a long time ... 
Pointless person is pointless because me saying this is pointless ! 
Never say good-bye ; it means you will not return . Always say see you later . 
If the lamps of linked souls ~ \ 
point to your heart ~ \ 
do you hear the echoes now ~ \ 
stronger than words ? ~ 
I'm very dissapointed that \Like a Boss\ " won't play on his phone ... " 
\What happened ..? \ " \ " You got knocked the crap down . It was funny . LOL . \"" 
What a great way to start Christmas Break ... 
Ha ha , Central and Robinson have school today ! 
Pooh : \Why are you always in such a bad mood ? \ " \ 
I'm drinking eggnog by the quart . Unhealthy ? Yes . Worth it ? No doubt . 
I'm perfectly safe ! Nothing bad will ever happen ! Especially not right now . \ 
... \ 
Woops , I died ! 
\There's an ant on my arm ... Thank you for not biting me but I have to kill you . \"" 
March 6th , 2011 . Do you have what it takes ? 
ROFLing in the snow . 
Hate breeds fear , and fear breeds hate . Thus the darkness steals within ... 
Just saw Tron Legacy . It was amazing , but < PROPFIRST > has quite a lot of work to do ... 
Never try to go backwards down the stairs ... 
Work it harder , \ 
Make it better , \ 
Do it faster , \ 
Makes us stronger . 
Every day you live your life so full of hope , \ 
you shouldn't drag your soul around you like a leather vogue ... ~ 
Me : The space narwhals are coming to kill us all ! Hayden : Of course . They've been planning this all along . 
\Transform and roll out ! That's what a Ditto does after transforming into a Phanpy . \ " \ 
I finished Cave Story a few minutes ago . It's a WiiWare game for 1200 points . If you like side-scrolling platform shooters then you should check this out . Even if you don't , like me , then you should still take a look at it . 
Profile picture . ' Nuff said . 
I'm amazing at the amount of people complaining about boredom due to no school . Wouldn't you be more bored there !? 
AUTOMATED PROVISIONING SUCKS . I hate you , Time < PROPMALE > Cable . ;3 
Just heard that the Dream World will not be released at the start of Black and White . It's supposedly to keep the servers from being overloaded , like what happened in Japan , but do they not know that Pokemon isn't nearly as popular here as over there ...? 
I do not regret spending the night doing nothing . At all . :3 
I think they should make a pill that gives you the necessary stuff so that you don't have to sleep . 
Pokemon can be dark when it wants to be . You just have to look past its kiddie outer shell . 
This just in : Cave Story is coming to the 3DS with more content , 3-D graphics , and overall more epicness . Also , a sequel is planned . 
Learn to English ? No shall I not ! 
\I'm here for my dance classes . I should warn you ... I look DARN GOOD in a tutu . \"" 
\If you were going to give up that easily then you never would have chased that dream in the first place . \"" 
It would be hard for life to be any better . 
Europe gets Black and White tomorrow . NOT FAIR ... 
Can you feel the pull of light and dark ? Step into a brand new world : Black and White ! 
Team Plasma are a bunch of hypocrites ... 
The C-Gear and the Dream World seems really freakin ' complicated . 
I found a shiny Golett . 
Perfection is unattainable , but that doesn't mean we shouldn't try our hardest to achieve it and improve ourselves . 
Was searching for a special picture on here ... I never found it . 
Good night Facebook , and everyone . 
