< PROPMALE > Brothers is going to make a new < PROPFEMALE > the Vampire Slaye movie , WITHOUT Joss Whedon or anyone else involved in making the show such a success . This movie is going to suck . In addition : They're going to do it as a reboot ! ( Just because it worked 

Well , there you go < PROPFEMALE > . I filled out your survey . What now ? 
This begins my week in receiving at work . The actual receiver is on vacation so I get to be the one locked away from the light of day unpacking boxes and sorting books for 8 hours . 
At least my week in receiving is over . We got bombard with enough product in the past couple of days you'd think Christmas was coming . Popping some ibuprofen and lying down . My back isn't trying to kill me , but it ain't happy with me either . 
Sometimes when I check out other people's profiles to see how they're doing or when something they posted pops up on my \wall page\ " I find myself wondering if I'm understanding this Facebook thing . There's just so many odd little snippets thrown out ther " 
Then again , maybe I'm so far behind the internet times that I require some sort of remedial class or \Facebook etiquette therapy\ " to catch up with everyone else ? " 
Hi ho ! Hi ho ! It's off to work I go ! Happy Fourth of July everybody ! 
really needs to get access to one of those laser scanner printers so he can put some of his college pictures on here ! 
Ha ! Finally figured out how to get the photos of me from those LARPs my D&D crew ran to actually show up on my profile ! 
Alright , now it's time to shower and go to work . God , I hate insomnia . 
< PROPMALE > can't understand how I can be happy with the < PROPMALE > Potter movies while being a fan of the books . While they do have some differences , it's nowhere near the same as what \Bladerunner\ " did with the religion and philosophy of connectivity of human emot " 
So not only do bowling and lower back injuries not mix ( before starting a week in receiving ... moving boxes ) , but because of the horrible music videos played at the bowling < PROPFIRST > , I had that techno song \Blue\ " from the late 90's stuck in my head for the pas " 
I really don't go around striking poses like this , but I think it does make for a much better profile picture . Thanks for the suggestion , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Have I mentioned how much I hate insomnia ? 
is outraged and offended that a team actually signed < PROPFIRST > Vick . Remind me again why this remorseless , untalented sociopath is allowed to draw multimillion dollar figures and tout himself as a celebrity ? 
quite pleased with the G.I. < PROPFIRST > movie . While creating their own thing , they still had very good nods to the story from the comics and gave Hasbro plenty of stuff to model cool toys and playsets from . I do have a couple of grievances with it , both somewhat stemming from nostalgia , but the one is also due to forcing a \Hollywood Ending\ " for some characters . " 
So I'm sorting through the shipment at work and for some reason , when I scan this giant Tinkerbell picture book , it comes up as nonfiction . Tinkerbell . Nonfiction . Really ? ( Personally , I think somebody at Barnes & < PROPMALE > HQ has been spending too much time playing with the pixie dust . Couldn't they at least wipe that powder off their nose before going back to work ? ) 
Well , I'd ask any and all friends in the ' burgh to please stop by the store at least just to chat , because things are so dead my coworkers are dying of boredom , but since I'm stuck in the receiving room all this week , it wouldn't do me any good . blarg ... 
Just finished vol . 12 of Fables ( Dark Ages ) . Things have not necessarily gotten better for them since defeating the Adversary . Also , kinda depressed that my favorite character really got the crap end of the stick yet again ( granted , he's also had his Crowning Moments of Awesome , but he's earned them ) . < PROPFEMALE > did suffer a far worse fate , and I do feel bad for him , but Boy Blue man ... 
My mom the internet junkie has just discovered that I'm on Facebook and is barraging me with questions about how to sign up and what can be done with it . ... I'm still figuring out the latter part myself . 
Dude ! I was walking home from work and bumped into Franco < PROPMALE > ! Yeah , just like that ! He's running for Pittsburgh mayor and had just finished handing out flyers by the Squirrel Hill Eagle . Holy crap , I've actually got someone to vote FOR on November 3 and not just vote against Ravenstahl ! 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Even though I'm for protesters trying to bring everyday concerns to the bigwigs at the G20 conference , I think they're going to be alienating the very demographic they want to draw support from by protesting every < PROPMALE > business nowhere near downtown . Who will be most negatively affected by this ? The average Americans working at those places in order to pay their bills ! Not the politicians and corporate yahoos . 
Happy Labor Day everybody ! Fire up the grills , it's time for some barbecuing ! ( damn rain better hold off til tomorrow ) 
is using some vacation time to go back to the farm and help Mom & < PROPFIRST > get some work done . Signing off for the next week , see you then . 
Aaaaaaaand I'm back . 
Holy shit I have a show ! Hallelujah ! Many thanks to < PROPFIRST > Betzner . 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT : If you are reading this , even if we don't speak often , post a comment of a memory of you and me . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you .... 
Dammit . It's official . December 31st . Here's hoping there's an opening at another Barnes & < PROPMALE > in easy bussing distance for me to transfer to . 
So I just found out a couple things that do less than thrill me . While the B&N schoold store at Duquesne is viable for transfer , they're currently downsizing ! Furthermore , if there aren't lead positions available to transfer into , transferring as just a full-time employee would require a paycut ! For wage-slave ! ( great ) 
loves the awesome radiators in his apartment . ( but no , he's not going to marry them ! ) 
Having read the Angel : Aftermath collected volume , is forced to conclude that < PROPFIRST > Armstrong sucks as a writer . The only upside to it was that she only butchered a fraction of the cast because most of them weren't in it . Please , Joss , bring back < PROPFIRST > Lynch or < PROPFIRST > K . < PROPMALE > , or anyone who actually understands the characters ! 
Three Rivers . Good : Location shots of the ' burgh were nice to see . Bad : The rest of the show . Ugly : There's no need for \plot\ " or \ " character development\ " ! Why bother when all you need is Overwrought Emotional DRAMA !!! Just take a couple \ " MDs\ " that Care So Damn Much in a univers of Horrible Heartless Bastards that they need to confront every two steps they take while charging about Saving People . " 
Almost forgot to mention : Opening the store Sunday morning , I discovered that some wonderful person let their dog pee all over a bundle of our newspapers before we could collect them . Gosh , Squirrel Hill , we'll miss you too ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Wars : Death Troopers . < PROPFEMALE > Wars is cool . Zombies are cool . < PROPFEMALE > Wars AND zombies ?!? Um ... Your Mileage May Vary . Personally , I felt it was merely okay , not something I would rush to recommend to people despite being fairly well written . Having a surprise character from the movies just casually toss out the word \zombies\ " was rather weird and typical zombie gore struck me as out of place for < PROPFEMALE > Wars . " 
now has < PROPMALE > Petty stuck in his head . \Cause you've got a heart so big it could crush this town . \"" 
Season Finale of Red vs . Blue was really awesome . Also : sweet cliffhanger ! 
Happy Halloween , everybody ! 
Pittsburghers ! Get your asses out the door and vote ! If you've already voted , then Thank You ! 
Finally dared going online to look at the mayoral election results . BOO ! I'm really not looking forward to the boy mayor continuing his hard work on defining the word , \jagoff . \"" 
would just like to point out , regardless of triviality , that in Mafia Wars , he possesses a laser squirrel . That's right , a squirrel that shoots laser beams out of its eyeballs ! I have a laser squirrel . Fear me ! ;D 
So even though it's been a week since we last rehearsed , I thought I had my lines down . And then I actually had the other cast members to go through them with , while sitting on the shoulders of one of them . That ... proved different . 
Anybody know where I can get a radiator key , preferably in the Squirrel Hill area ? 
Hey , tonight's tech went really well ! Looking forward to opening . Also , my director gave me a mini bottle of whiskey to return to him empty for a prop in the show . Awesome ! 
Hey ! So , opening night went well ! Very responsive audience . Thanks for the well wishes , and looking forward to seeing people at the subsequent shows . Also , zzzzzz ... 
And we closed the run with an awesome performance before a packed house ! Although I am now wishing I'd gotten some pictures of that , < PROPMALE > might not have been willing to have me sitting on his shoulders any longer than he had to . ;) 
Hoo boy . Since it was the last day we could order things into our store , and in anticipation of the upcoming Employee Appreciation week , I actually put in an order for what will be for me nearly $60 worth of < PROPFEMALE > Wars comics ( after tax ) . Granted , the < PROPFEMALE > Wars Empire series was exceptionally good storytelling set during the original trilogy , but still ... yikes ! 
currently has Depeche Mode stuck in his head , and so wishes everyone would Enjoy the Silence . 
Heading back home to the farm after work today , so here's an advance \Happy Thanksgiving ! \ " to everybody . " 
Thanksgiving was pretty darn good , and I hope everyone else had just as enjoyable a time ! 
Well , despite the Steelers loss , yesterday was a pretty good day for me . I finally managed to see < PROPMALE > garry < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > ( which was aweseome ) , and while I was thoroughly owned at Wii Resort's Table Tennis , I was more than able to redeem myself with the Hundred Pin Bowling , Swordfighting , and Aerial Dogfighting . Fun , fun , fun ! 
is hating insomnia . Blarg . Why , oh why , couldn't my brain just shut up and let me sleep ? ( unacceptable reason to be early for an opening shift , in my opinion ) 
is rather chagrined and trying to laugh at himself . Yeah , so I tried to make my own chili following my grandmother's recipe ( which involves spaghetti noodles ) in my slow cooker . I did not end up with chili . I ended up with a slowcooker full of noodles that were trying to take over all the other ingredients . Oops . 
So Wonder Woman came into my store today . I had no idea she was actually asian , but ... she filled out the costume well ! 
Looking forward to seeing my two best friends today at work . Swearingen is on leave from the Navy for the next week ( so he'll be back in Sicily come Christmas ) , and < PROPMALE > and his new girlfriend have got a B&N gift card and are driving up from Wheeling to spend it . Yeah , I'll totally be focused at work today ! 
Happy Hanukkah ! 
As awesome as it was to see Swearingen again , I'm kinda depressed that this is his pre-deployment leave and come January 15 until some time in August , he'll be in Afghanistan . 
Found out today that the only transfer option realistically available to me is Barnes & < PROPMALE>'s school store at Duquesne . Par t-t ime only . Ouch . Apparently sinceBarnes & < PROPMALE > as a company has been doing away with full time positions that are not management , the only reason I wasn't forced to step down as a Lead was so I could have a better severence package when the store closed if I wanted it . 
Best exchange tonight doing poker with friends : ( < PROPFIRST > D . ) : Arr . ( Russell ): Did you just pirate ? ( < PROPFIRST > D . ) : Did you just verb pirate ? ( Russell ): Yes . 
Looking out your window to see a snow covered landscape is only nice and pretty when your inside a warm home ( preferably with hot chocolate ! ) . 
Huh . Woke up to find that the pipes seem to be frozen . The radiators are all going full blast , keeping the apartment cozy and warm , and that's circulation of hot water , right ? So I shouldn't be -- < PROPFEMALE > on ... okay ! As of this second there hot Brown water flowing from sinks , bath , and showerhead . Let's leave that run for a little bit to see if it clears up . 
Holy crap , and thank you < PROPFIRST > , for the Christmas gift of a bottle of Jamesons and two drinking glasses . ( not actually wrapped , but in a very stylish box , hence the early gratitude ) 
is trying to confirm Christmas plans with his grandmother , but can't get through to her sometimes wonky phone . Damn you , Comcast ! 
will be staying overnight at his grandmother's , so an early < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone ! 
Wow . Thank you < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFEMALE > for Lego Batman . Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for the Cowboy Bebop manga . Thank you < PROPMALE > for the set of drinking glasses . That was awesome , people ! 
\Faster . With feeling . \ " * ahem * < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! " 
So I found out when I got to work today that we can wear jeans during the final week the store is open . Damnit , if only someone had mentioned it sooner ... 
took a trip down to the Duquesne U . School Store to see about talking to the store manager there . Apparently < PROPMALE > ( District Manager ) hadn't told him any of what he'd been telling me . I'm left with the impression my transfer prospects are once again wholly up in the air . Whee ! ( fuck ) 
might actually be getting bitter about feeling bitter . This madness must stop ! 
Apparently the new manager at the Waterfront B&N wants to interview a few of us leftovers in Squirrel Hill , so once again , future employment is up in the air ! When did my life become a yo-yo ? 
IT'S WAY BACK WEEK ! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of yourself when you were young !! Copy and paste this and let's see how adorable we all were ! ( which explains why I've seen so many \interesting\ " pics lately ) " 
So apparently when I get the papers for my severence package , I also need to get them notarized . Guess who's bank won't notarize anything that isn't their own documents ? Of course ! ( Hey , at least I'm getting some cheap white plastic shelves from the cafe stockroom so I can finally unpack the rest of my books , and a painting of \The Maltese Falcon\ " by Dashell Hammett that used to < PROPFEMALE > on the wall of the store . ) " 
Finished packing all the books today . A professional crew arrived to start dismantling/removing displays . It was just too surreal to walk through the place with it looking like that . Me being me , I'm finding ways to laugh . 
Spent the day loading a moving < PROPFIRST > with tables , shelves , carts , and boxes of supplies to be shipped directly to other stores , and then arranging more tables , shelves , chairs , and even more boxes of supplies for tomorrow's haul . Kinda want to lie down now . 
This mornings project was attacking the metal shelves in the receiving room , which had me ( with help , thank God ) wielding a flathead screwdriver in one hand and a pair of pliers in the other . The shelves are no more . 
is now officially unemployed ! 
just saw \The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus\ " and it's really freakin ' cool ! " 
It feels great to sleep in and enjoy a leisurely breakfast . Agenda for today : shave my annual wintry attempt at a beard ( results again pathetic ) , notarize and mail in my severence package ( not allowed to do it sooner ) , get my new every two phone from Verizon Wireless ( going with the Blitz , it's nifty and free ! ) , and check out this \Sex\ " thing I've been hearing about . The theatrical show . Downtown . Not the ... yeah ... " 
Heading over to Allegheny General . Seems Grandma fell and broke something . At some point my mom and brother should be coming over , despite Mom's insistence that the North Side is a place people go to when the want to get mugged/killed . This is gonna be an interesting afternoon . 
So Grandma's broken hip is supposed to get added to tomorrow's surgery schedule at Allegheny General . I'll be meeting up with Mom and < PROPFIRST > there after ( finally ) getting my severence package notarized Downtown ( assuming all those places haven't also closed yet remain listed ) . 
Grandma seems to be doing fine , she's tired and confused , but she just had < PROPMALE > hip surgery done , so what can you expect ? Mom took < PROPFIRST > back down to the farm , but she should be back up tomorrow , so I'll be meeting her there again then . < PROPFIRST > will be staying in WV because somebody's gotta feed the cattle and look after the dogs . 
Anyone with Verizon Wireless have any recommendations on their free phones ? Apparently they are completely out of the Blitz with no idea when ( or if ) more will be made . 
Oy . Grandma gets discharged at 10am Saturday and sent to Presbyterian Senior Care for physical therapy . Hopefully she'll settle down once she's there and stop throwing infantile little fits and tantrums while refusing all food and medication ( including her insulin ) . Mom was able to play more patient tactics to deal with her , but I ended up telling her off before leaving yesterday . Today she was a little better . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dragons is nothing to be asha-ow ! ack ! ARRGH ! 
spent his day feeling weirdly sick . Thinks he is now somehow around the bend and feeling better . Should probably crawl back into bed . 
is getting a lot of reading done lately . If anyone is/has read < PROPFIRST > Sanderson's Mistborn trilogy ( it is awesome ! ) , then I have this to say about book two : I knew it ! I fucking knew who the impostor was ! Oh that was such a frigging sweet twist ! 
If Citibank can send me notification that I haven't paid enough interest on my Student Loans to meet the required amount for notification to be sent for tax purposes ... why can't they just tell me the amount of interest I did pay ? They are going to the trouble of notifying me that I won't be notified , after all . 
The world outside my window is apparently Hoth . I'm not stepping out there without at least having my lightsaber and Tauntaun . Have we finally gotten the airspeeders adapted to the cold ? 
It's a very interesting experience picking my way through the narrow canyons of snow that have resulted in the neighborhood's attempts to both clear walking space on the sidewalk and unearth their cars . It's also kind of surprising seeing some < PROPMALE > avenues reduced to single lanes of traffic ( what little traffic there is ) . 
overheard someone on the street today complaining that AAA is withholding service from the Greater Pittsburgh Area and that the National Guard has been called into the city . I was skeptical about the latter until I saw a military Humvee driving along Beechwood Blvd . Now I'm not so sure ... 
is grateful to have a warm apartment to bunker down in . I look out the window and am amazed that after the multiple days of shovelling it took to finally reveal sidewalk and road beneath the snow , it's all gone all over again . 
With all the < PROPFIRST>'s cards I've been finding in Treasure Madness , I'm considering sending those out to people come Sunday . It'd be something to do with them . 
Just put in an application for CIGNA for handling disability claims , considering the pay , I'm really crossing my fingers on this one ... 
[ Insert obligatory joke about people enjoying their VD here . ] 
Wow , there's actually a Facebook game that won't let you send stupid crap to people that aren't playing it with you ! Wow . Go figure it's the one that's been giving < PROPFIRST>'s cards as prizes . Oh , irony ... 
Huh . Southwest Airlines kicked < PROPFIRST > Smith off a flight -- after he'd been fully seated and his bags stowed -- because he's overweight . W . T . F ? The guy is only fat in comparison to me , the human toothpick ! I know people who swear by this airline , but I also know an equal number of people who despise it , and boy do they have a way of gaining publicity for themselves . 
* sigh * As much as I enjoy watching the Olympics , the time zone differences between the east and west coasts are starting to wear on me . Reminds me of that < PROPFEMALE > window during college when I could call or IM my one best friend going to Oregon State . Granted , at the moment it's not like I have to be up before noon anyway , but still ... 
has to say that < PROPMALE > Python's Holy ** ail ... ale ( tempered over burning witches ) is actually a damn good beer . Thank you , < PROPFIRST > . Figured Mardi Gras was a fairly appropriate time to try a novelty beer , just hadn't expected it to be so good . 
Taking two buses out to meet my mom at my Grandmother's apartment to take care of her bills while she's getting physical therapy for her hip . Multiple buses on a Sunday . Joy ! Rapture ! Ah well , with Mom driving up from the farm it's best to get it done before crappy weather hits again . 
aaaaand I'm back . 
How much does a physical cost without medical insurance ? Realizing that between my severence and unemployment compensation ( provided I get a job by the end of March ) , I can afford car insurance myself , and thus would be well set to finally get my license and accept ownership of Grandma's car . 
Left a message to schedule a phone interview for the insurance job , now fighting the urge to pace frantically while overanalyzing the less than perfect voicemail I left while worrying about first impressions . ' Cause I'm just that cool . 
now has a 30 minute phone interview scheduled for Thursday , March 4 at 9:30 am with someone named < PROPFEMALE > . 
Phone company set up a temporary line while they finally got around to fixing the phone line the power company broke , so I can once again call my family on the farm without worrying about dropped calls ! 
Oh those wonderful nights when you go to bed feeling tired , only to wake up again about an hour later ... and not be able to fall asleep again . My computer has a sleep mode , why doesn't my brain ? 
... and my profile < PROPFEMALE > has disappeared . wtf ? 
Ha ! Facebook removed my profile < PROPFEMALE > from my own viewing , but I found a way to fill it right back up ! Eventually there will be more photos and cartoons , and there are definitely tags that I missed while trying to scramble through the whole thing last night while eating dinner , so feel free to tag people for me ( some of them I haven't got \friended yet and I hate misspelling people's names ) . " 
Calling it an early night . Interview bright and early tomorrow morning . 
Yeah , I could go to the events < PROPFEMALE > to look , but since it's also open invitation , who all in Pittsburgh is going to < PROPFEMALE > Moreno's < PROPFIRST > Mama's night tonight ? 
Just finished reading the manga ' Monster , ' a darkly paranoid thriller/horror . Wow . Poor Tenma , Japanes surgeon framed for murder and on the run in Germany ! Yeah , no problems blending into the crowd there ! As for Johan , I'm not sure which way he's killed the most people : himself , manipulating others to do it for him , or by effortlessly talking them into suicide ( including large groups of children) ! 
[ insert \Big No\ " here ] I just realized that the Academy Awards are being presented on ABC . My digital converter box doesn't pick it up at all for some reason . Nuts . " 
With enough futzing , was finally able to get my digital converter box to add ABC to my channel . Yay ! ( ooh , now I can watch \Castle\ " on a regular basis ) " 
Downer . I got an email today . I won't be getting that second interview , or that lucrative insurance job . Ah . Well . Time to start taking a hard look at everything else out there . 
Now I realize the parade's today , but seriously people , you do understand that St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day isn't until Wednesday , right ? 
Can anyone recommend any assisted living centers in the Pittsburgh area as being affordable and nice for my Grandma ? Not an area any of us know anything about , and apparently we now have to find a place by Tuesday ! Gee thanks , physical therapy center ! 
Mom managed to wring another < PROPFEMALE > extension , so Grandma's getting discharged either Wednesday or Thursday ( seems to be some confusion regarding the exact day ) . After much cajoling , pleading , demanding , begging , and other forms of persuasion regarding the bitter facts of the situation , we got Grandma to accept the necessity of this and pick two places to apply to , but they both have waiting periods at the moment . 
Theoretically , we'll be moving Grandma into Canterbury Place tomorrow until a space becomes available in one of the two assisted living places she's applying for . Unless of course , life throws us a few more curveballs . 
Top o ' the morning to ye ! Mildly annoyed that I forgot to wash my orange shirt for today , let's see if I can get it done and dried before Mom calls ( I'm < PROPFEMALE > Protestant , I'll wear some green for the Finnegans , but I'm also gonna wear my colors ) . Happy St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! 
Brief stop home for some changes of clothes then back to my grandma's . Because the physical therapy center improperly discharged , we can't move her into Canterbury Place until Monday , so Mom and I are looking after her at her place in the meantime while < PROPFIRST > takes a leave of absence from work to take care of the farm . Okay , be back Monday . 
aaaand I'm back , aaaand I'm sick . blarg . Moved Grandma into Canterbury Place Monday , and then brought some extra things to her today . She still doesn't have a TV in her room because it's huge and heavy and sick as I am , there was no way I could've helped Mom budge that sucker . Some other time then . 
So my new printer/scanner arrived and I just got it all installed & set up & whatnot . 
wishes everyone a Happy Easter ! or Passover ! or whatever ! ( Easter's what I'll be celebrated so it gets mentioned first . ) Need to gulp down my breakfast and go visit Grandma , because Mom's going to be picking me up there to take back to the farm for the week . ( be back this weekend ! ) 
Farm work plans got blown when Grandma's best friend passed away , so after taking her to the funeral , I am now back in town for the time being . 
On a lighter note : \Say goodbye to your Nazi balls ! \ " I'm so glad Mom kept \ " Inglourious Basterds\ " on the DVR for over a month just so I could watch it . " 
Whew . Grandma seemed mentally sharp today ( despite moments of confusion ) , and actually acknowledged she wasn't capable of taking care of herself anymore . Let's see how long the epiphany lasts this time before the pendulum takes another swing . 
A crossing guard asked me how my classes were today . I told her I graduated a few years ago . She laughed and apologized and told me it was a compliment , looking so young . Then she asked me how college was treating me . ... I guess the mutton chops just aren't fooling anyone . 
Today , while preparing for an < PROPFEMALE > to help her with a shower , Grandma decided she wanted to put a plastic bag on her head \to protect her hair . \ " She seemed incapable of understanding why my immediate reaction was to lunge across the room and SNATCH THE PLASTIC BAG OFF OF HER HEAD and out of her hands ! " 
just discovered that Canterbury Place , for reasons unknown , took it upon themselves to discontinue Grandma's dementia medication and has never given it to her . The nurse in charge of medications was quite nasty about being questioned on this and tried to claim that ever since they stopped , \her mind's been quite clear . \ " Bull . Shit ! " 
Mom finally got Canterbury Place to put Grandma back on her dementia meds . Hooray ! 
Good food and good company made for a satisfying birthday dinner . Soon to move on to phase 2 : drinks at Silky's . 10pm 
had a pretty damn good birthday , if I may say so myselft . 
just finished reading the final volume of the graphic novel series 100 Bullets . Damn . That was cool ! It ended about how you'd expect things to for a series involving a bunch of professional killers , a secret crime syndicate that founded < PROPFEMALE > , and the most intricately tangled web of plots , murders , wealth , power , control , and revenge I've ever seen . 
I got a letter from the IRS informing me that there was a miscalculation on my federal when I filed my online through H&R Block . Apparently , instead of a refund of $700-some , I'm supposed to get a refund of $ 1,000 -some . The IRS caught a mistake that gives me more money . I don't know if anyone ever has cause to say this , but ... thank you IRS ! 
Fruity Oaty Bars make a man out of a mouse ! Fruity Oaty Bars make you bust out of your blouse ! 
I'm a leaf on the wind , watch how I 
is going back to West < PROPFEMALE > for a few days . Yay farm ! Yay collies ( well , collie and border collie - still yay ! ) 
aaaaaand I'm back . Good couple of weeks on the farm , almost sad it had to end . 
Dude ! The season finale of < PROPMALE > was ... Awesome ! 
The day is now set , we're moving Grandma to Strabane Woods in Washington on June 3 . This should be the place where she'll stay , although after we've got her moved , we're going to take a closer look at Asbury in Mt . Lebanon . Asbury's more expensive , but it's a 5 < PROPFEMALE > place that will keep you even if you're money runs out if you've lived there a few years . 
Trying to work out a return trip to the farm in preparation of moving Grandma ( I also want to work on getting the kitchen fixed up after having so much success with the living room ) . 
Whoa . Okay , so I'm heading back down to the farm tonight ! See everybody sometime after next Thursday ( depending on how smoothly moving Grandma goes - whee ) . 
And now I'm back , from outer space , you just walked in to find me here with this sad look upon my face ... but not really . Back in Pittsburgh , feeling pretty good , Grandma moved to Strabane Woods assisted living , check , check , and check . Details to follow . ( I think . ) 
Huh . I may be back from WV , but I still can't get internet ( updating this at the library ) . Damn you wi-fi I don't pay for ! 
Ever since I got back from the farm , I've had more trouble falling asleep than usual . It's disappointing not having a border collie hop up onto your bed and curl up next to you , or a collie or < PROPMALE > shepherd mix lying next to the bed so you can just drape your arm over the side and stroke their fur . Mom figured I'd miss drinking water that didn't need run through a brita filter first and foremost ! 
When comparing car insurance quotes online , none of them seem to accept not having a license already as an answer , but < PROPFEMALE > , like a number of other states , requires you to have insurance before you can obtain your license , so what kind of Catch-22 dickery is this ? ... Better question : why am I bothering to complain about this when everyone I know has been there , done that a while ago ? Sorry , choir . 
is still updating from the library . Ah well , at least the weather's nice ! 
has car insurance , as of Thursday . 
Today is my mom's birthday . She's 57 already . 
is going back to WV Friday for a belated birthday celebration for Mom and for Fourth of July fun ( whee bottle rockets ! ) and will be back Tuesday with the title to Grandma's Taurus officially and legally in his name ! 
is staying on the farm for a couple more days than expected while his furry sister has surgery for a uterine infection . Kinda worried about a collie's sensitivity to anesthezia coupled with her being 12 , but Onyx was still bright and alert and she's always been strong willed , so we're all praying it will work out . 
Onyx's surgery was a success . It turns out it wasn't an infection like pyrometra as suspected from her symptoms , but a tumor and multiple cysts . Now we wait for the biopsy results to see if she needs any further operations or if we can bring her home Thursday . 
Onyx is home ! Now we gotta look after her recovery . 
< PROPFIRST > Swearingen is no longer stationed in Afghanistan ! 
now officially owns a ' 94 Ford Taurus ( and has a AAA membership , thanks Mom ! ) , now to see about finally getting a license so I can actually drive my own car ! 
< PROPFIRST > Crane ! 
Yay ! Washington finally passed jobless benefit extensions , so I don't have to worry about my unemployment compensation running out ! ( just sent off three more online applications ) Again , I say , \Yay ! \"" 
Good question Facebook , what is on your mind ? 
Nytol does not help me get my Z's . 
is utterly fascinated by Inception and finds it brilliant , awesome , etc . I must need see it again , however , to determine if I'm satisfied with it because of the various interpretations of the evidence presented by the film . 
thinks everyone and anyone with even a passing interest in theater should do themselves a favor and go Downtown to see FaustUS at 805-807 < PROPFEMALE > Ave . It's absolutely incredible and I've never seen a show that < PROPFIRST > the audience in quite the way this one does . 
is going back to WV for his high school reunion this weekend , and feels kinda weird about it . It can't possibly be 10 years already . ( yeah , yeah I graduated in 2000 , it's 2010 , but still ... ) It's too soon ! I haven't done enough yet ! 
had a really good time at his reunion and now has to \friend\ " a whole bunch of people on Facebook . " 
after a slight delay , will be back in the ' Burgh after a long day of errands with the family Tuesday . 
has internet access in his apartment again , thanks to a broadband aircard that his mom no longer needs for her laptop . ( Thanks , Mom ! ) 
is using the AC for the first time since he moved into his apartment . July got so hot that I finally sent a rent check with the extra amount for AC use , and today I just reinstalled it in the window I'd removed it from so the place could retain heat in the winter . 
somebody else might not care for having this \ 
song stuck in their head after hearing it on the street , \but not me \ 
Oh yeah , the broadband aircard has a monthly fee and I don't have the account information necessary to take care of that . Back to the library until that gets taken care of . 
... and the broadband is back . Woot . 
... and apparently the broadband aircard doesn't like my morning webcomics . Grr . Arrgh . ( sigh ) 
Apparently , it's just somethingpositive.net that my aircard doesn't want to load . This is ... still disappointing to me . 
You'd think I'd remember to turn my phone back on after recharging it , right ? Whoops ! 
feels overly rewarded just because he helped some friends move a couch . I was treated to a meal of grilled up beef&lamb burgers and corn on the cob , and also got to bring home a bottle of Shiraz , Tanqueray , and what I'm assured is a very good < PROPFEMALE > but was so badly marketed stores couldn't give it away called Camus4U . Seriously , all that for moving a couch . I have awesome friends . 
spent his day fighting the urge to panic as his unemployment benefits have run out . I should be receiving the extension form in the mail , which is good because the phone option seems to be out . Also , I now have an application form to put in at Massage Envy in Sq . Hill for receptionist/administrative assistant . Note to self : it ain't over yet ! 
just woke up . Apparently , I am no longer capable of staying awake for 24 hrs after insomnia keeps me up all night . Instead , I'll fall asleep late in the afternoon and wake up in the evening ( like yesterday ) , which will leave me unable to sleep until sometime around < PROPFEMALE > . This unacceptable pattern then repeats ( since Saturday ) . 
is bummed in an admittedly trivial way . My Wii is claiming that my save file for my Madden NFL Franchise game is corrupt and needs deleted . Just to elaborate , this is my gamecube Madden ' 06 game and my Franchise was finishing the 2015 season . 
is going to be doing some running around today . First , taking two buses ( well , a bus and the T ) to < PROPFIRST > Krom's to help paint her house for a few hours , then another two \buses\ " over to Grandma's old apartment to meet up with my mom and brother so we can all go out to celebrate Grandma's birthday together . And it's supposed to rain all day ! " 
So it turns out that Mom's email that she'd be bringing up < PROPFIRST > after work today and then take Grandma out to dinner , she meant that she and < PROPFIRST > would be coming up and crashing at Grandma's old apartment and take her to dinner Monday . Which means I didn't have to bail on < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Krom and head over to Bellevue from Dormont , and could've spent the day helping her out . Dammit ! 
My Grandma is 88 today ! 
O noes ! I haz been kitnapped ! ( ended up in WV after Grandma's birthday dinner . go figure . should be back in the ' burgh later today . ) 
is back in da ' Burgh and going to be spending the day starting the process of packing up Grandma's old apartment . 
Mom is back on the farm and no longer crashing on my couch ( and admitted that she's only on Facebook so she can \spy\ " on me ) and the process of packing up Grandma's old apartment has been started . More to continue as the end of September looms ever closer . " 
is rather pleased thus far with his first Netflix experience . Finally got to see The Departed . 
is on his way to watch the Steelers game with < PROPFIRST > Buchman and < PROPFEMALE > Loberant . 
has nothing to say here today , which is apparently something to say . ( How many geniuses would \follow\ " comments like that on Twitter ? ) " 
My mom's cousin is finally getting married Labor Day weekend , but we weren't able to work out any satisfactory travel arrangements to Minnesota and back for that . In any event , I'm gonna head down to the family farm for that weekend . ( and get my car inspected , now I've gotta do that before obtaining my license , too ) 
just got back from seeing \Scott Pilgrim\ " and I will own that movie when it comes out on DVD . That was quite possibly the best video game/comic book movie ever ! There were so many geek references crammed into every second of screen time that I don't think even I caught half of them . \ " Rating : Awesome\ " indeed ! " 
Mom finally got her own bottle of Drambuie , so now I can be putting a dent in her liquor for a change ! ;) Bonus : My ' 94 Ford Taurus easily passed inspection . 
Congratulations to my mom's cousin < PROPFEMALE > in Minnesota for her wedding this past weekend ( she just emailed us a wedding photo ) . Yay for me not being the oldest man in the family anymore ! ( oh yeah , yeah for < PROPFEMALE > , too ) 
Mom is back in WV , I'm back in my apartment , and more of Grandma's old apartment has been packed . Still so much to do by the end of the month . 
Here's one potential address , this one is Wesbanco's Wellsburg Branch :\ 
745 < PROPFIRST > Street\ 
Wellsburg , WV 26070 
is going down to WV to attend the funerals of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE>' cousins < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . The positive part of this trip will be Sunday's welcome back party for < PROPMALE > Swearingen to celebrate his return from his deployment to Afghanistan . Be back sometime next week . 
is setting aside his troubles to celebrate < PROPMALE > Swearingen's return from Afghanistan ! 
has a job interview in Monroeville with CVS Caremark . 
I got the job ! I got the job ! Training for CVS Caremark starts in October ( inbound call center helping people deal with their prescriptions ) . 40 hrs/week at $10/hr . Health Benefits ! Yay ! 
has helped his mother and brother move 98% of Grandma's furniture out of her old apartment and into storage . Finally stopping to eat . Tomorrow will be boxing up all kinds of little stuff . Completely and totally physically exhausted . Moved an entertainment center , breakfront ( giant < PROPFEMALE > cabinet ) , two giant dressers , etc . Completely and totally physically exhausted . 
arrived at the farm to find that one of the dogs was missing . After spending one day searching the farm itself for her , on the second day I took our border collie out on a leash and kept asking him where < PROPFEMALE > was . After dragging me ( sometimes literally ) across the countryside , he eventually led me to her ! 
Onyx is 13 years old ! ( that's 91 in dog years ! ) She'd given us a bit of a scare earlier when we first came home from clearing out Grandma's old apartment , but that seems to have been the result of going four days without her pills . Now that she's back to a regular schedule with her arthritis pills and doggie aspirin , she's up and moving around again . 
thinks the national media should shine a very harsh spotlight on Mentor , Ohio . Seriously , what were the parents doing while their kids bullied a girl to suicide and then showed up at her funeral to make fun of her corpse ?! How exactly does the school feel justified in not lifting a finger ? The vice principals at Wheeling Park High would have been knocking heads long before it got that far ! 
' s return to the ' Burgh has been delayed on account of illness . ( don't you just love it when your body wakes you up in the wee hours of the morning so you can spend your whole day knowing how sick you feel ? ) Trying to get over it quickly as I've now got a job interview scheduled for Wednesday with Massage Envy ( who finally got around to my application ) , which I could really use after CVS Caremark fell through . 
just saw \Brooklyn's Finest\ " last night and has to say that he really likes how < PROPMALE > Fuqua's making old school morality plays with a modern and gritty setting of cops and drug dealers . " 
is finally back in the ' Burgh . 
had to end the Massage Envy job interview when he found out they weren't offering enough hours or pay to cover my rent , but would've been enough to wipe out my unemployment compensation . Wunderbar . Ah well , moving right along ... 
EVERYONE\ 
STOP !! Look to your right . Whatever object you see there is your designated\ 
weapon in the upcoming Zombie Apocalypse ! Comment on my post to \ 
tell me what it is , then repost to spread the zombie virus . 
installed something called Ventrilo and World of Warcraft four days ago so I can keep in better touch with one of my best friends , < PROPMALE > Swearingen , while he serves in the Navy's EOD . I'm currently still downloading update patches and have yet to play the damn thing ! ( which I'm only going to play when Jono's available to play with , to keep from losing my soul to WoW's addictiveness ) 
is getting dragged back to the farm now that Mom's truck is fixed and we can empty the temporary storage Grandma's stuff is in and move it to a more permanent storage place . I must be back on November 2nd , come hell or high water , though . Go vote ! 
Is everyone having a Happy Halloween ? 
EVERYBODY NEEDS TO GO OUT AND VOTE !!! 
really needs to get around to reading his brother's fanfic so he can finally get some feedback about them from me . I have heard of fanfiction.net, but I've never actually gone there , having avoided the \medium\ " like the plague since the late ' 90s . Supposedly I can look up < PROPFIRST>'s Godzilla fanfics by his \ " pen name . \"" 
just watched Pandorum , that < PROPFIRST > Quaid movie with the weird little improperly explained sci-fi trailers . It was actually pretty good , if exceedingly gruesome , and one of those sci-fi movies that explores a couple of neat ideas by keeping as grounded in reality as it can . 
has been avoiding getting sick only for his sinuses to go completely kablooie . 
is going down to the farm for the week of Thanksgiving . < PROPFIRST > Swearingen will be back in that area on leave so hopefully he and < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and I can get together again like in the old days . 
is wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving ! May you always remember the things for which you have to be thanful for , and may all your dreams come true , so that you may have even more reason to give thanks . 
hasn't had anyone to play chess with in years , and then when hanging out at the Swearingen's I got to play both Jono and his stepdad . I lost both games , but who cares ? I finally got to play chess again ! 
According to my calendar , since it is now after sundown , Hanukkah has officially started , so ... Happy Hanukkah ! 
now has , for the first time since high school , a learner's permit . Now all I need to do is start grabbing \volunteers\ " to ride along while I dust off memories of Driver's < PROPMALE > lessons so I can polish up and finally get my license . " 
should be back on the farm Wednesday , depending of course , upon the weather . 
Wealthy Producer : I know about money . \ 
Struggling Artist : So do I . \ 
Wealthy Producer : What do you know about MAKING money ? \ 
Struggling Artist : I've ... heard legends . \ 
-- From the webcomic Something Positive 
Happy Birthday , Jesus ! 
would like to wish a very < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to everyone that celebrates , and good tidings and cheer to those that don't! May this day be blessed for all ! 
feels like he's finally starting to get over the cold that has had him floored since Christmas < PROPFEMALE > . When will I be back in Da ' Burgh ? Good Question ! I'll be sure to share when I find out ( meanwhile , running out to give Mom moral support while she buys a new truck -- which was a bit of news from her mechanic that she understandably didn't take well ) . 
will be staying with the fams on the farm for New Year's for the first time since college . Also , Mom now has a brand new truck . Due to a bad transmission , Mom's beloved Ford F-250 Superduty with the 7.3 Powerstroke Diesel got traded in for a Dodge Ram ST 2500 with the 6.7 Cummins Diesel , Crew Cab , and 8 ' bed . 
is back ! 
Buzz : This is no time to panic . \ 
Woody : This is the perfect time to panic ! \ 
( First my unemployment fund ran out . Then it got automatically replenished . Only to inform me that my unemployment claim will expire January 15 . Ah . Perfect . ) 
just received a letter from the Department of Labor & Industry that I'm eligible for Tier 2 emergency unemployment which will be paid out through June 9 , 2012 . Cue massive exhalation of relief from me ! The only downside I see to this is that Mom is refusing to let me return the money she gave me to make sure my bills got paid for this month . 
Kaylee : Everyone's got somebody but me . Wash , tell me I'm pretty . \ 
Wash : Were I unwed I would take you in a manly fashion . \ 
Kaylee : ' Cause of how I'm pretty ? \ 
Wash : Because you're pretty . 
( sigh ) new profile layout . complete with tour . \yay \"" 
I rather miss when people had their most recent status update right there next to their name at the top of their < PROPFEMALE > . 
You and I wake up to the Zombie Apocalypse together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? ( Note : If you comment , copy and paste this in your status so I can comment on yours . ) 
WOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOO !!!! 
\You swear you've heard it before as it slowly rambles on and on and no need for bringing ' em back ' cause they're never really gone \"" 
Governor < PROPFEMALE > Petomane : That man didn't give me a harrumph ! \ 
Hedley Lamarr : What ?! Give the governor a harrumph ! \ 
Man : Harrumph ! \ 
Governor < PROPFEMALE > Petomane : You watch your ass ! 
So my mom tells me her cousin < PROPFEMALE > has officially declared herself as cheering for the Steelers in the Superbowl . We kinda had a laugh at the obviousness of it , because - come on - despite < PROPFEMALE>'s usual hatred of the Steelers , under what circumstance is a Vikings fan EVER going to cheer for the Packers ? 
Anybody want a small bottle of Nytol ? It doesn't do anything for me . 
Took a load of laundry down to the basement , but the washing machine had an inch of stagnant brown water sitting in it . um , ew ? 
Well ... damn . 
Just got back from having fun at Quiz Night . We may not have won , but apparently we came close , and considering the team that did win turned out to have had a worse first round that us , we did considerably better than we initially thought ! I did almost botch the final Smarty-Pants question , but ended up getting it as pity points . Hey , I'll take it as long as it's still points ! 
I should be heading back to the farm Wednesday to help get it ready for the upcoming renovations that'll be starting in the spring . 
Down on the farm . ( funnily enough , my brother does actually work at < PROPMALE > Evans ) Also , best greeting ever from the dogs . 
Mwahaha ! My brother < PROPFIRST > foolishly left his laptop unguarded , granting me access to Facebook once again ! 
Got back in da ' Burgh last night and immediately got to work scanning in old photos < PROPFIRST > and I unearthed . Postings to follow . 
I need something to brighten my spirits today , so here are the top 5 people on my friends sidebar that will supposedly be who I have to rely upon in an upcoming Zombie War ! < PROPFEMALE > Baum , < PROPMALE > DeWoody III , < PROPFIRST > Abramson , < PROPFIRST > Pazerski Stephenson , and < PROPFIRST > Tannehill ! 
Blargh . Good thing I moved my easy chair in front of my computer . Much easier to pass the time curled up in it when feeling ill . 
Just wasted a whole day trying to use my new computer drawing pad and a drawing program . Having to relearn how to draw for that I can accept -- the stupid fucking pieces of shit not cooperating in the least left me wanting to throw something ( inexpensive enough to actually throw) ! Gah ! 
Found out that you can donate $10 to relief efforts following the tsunami that devastated Japan by texting REDCROSS to 90999 . This is an application of technology that I can heartily approve of ! 
Today is the day I dress like the < PROPFEMALE > flag . Question : Do I go grab some Guinness , or stick with Bushmills and Jamesons already in my cupboard ? 
My mother just told me about an odd news story : A woman , for some strange reason , decided to lick a ( nonpoisonous ) snake she was handling . The snake bit her breast . The woman is fine . The snake died of silicon poisoning . 
Huh . Guess who just got a juror summons in the mail yesterday ? 
Got my post-winter haircut a little early . Feels good to have hair so short again . Still can't decide if the beard ( since I finally have something that could passably be called a beard ) stays or goes . 
Filed my Juror Qualification Questionnaire online ( since , like a genius , I accidentally tore the return envelope opening the summons ) . Now I wait until 4pm on April 27 to see if I actually have to show up for anything on April 28 . 
We should finally see reimbursement from Grandma's insurance for her assisted living , but it took filing a complaint with UPMC's Ethics Board to get Canterbury Place ( again ) to do anything to contribute . I had to walk to Bloomfield ( apparently the buses also suck ) and fax their records myself because Canterbury is too incompetent to manage that . Feeling tired and frustrated , but this part's finally over . 
Unexpectedly got to tag along with friends to see Circle Mirror Transformation . Putting off eating dinner until after the show turned out to be totally worth it . It was a very entertaining show that allowed to get close to the characters in a cool fashion . 
