Firing up this thing to give it another try . 

catching up on bleach . buhahahaha ! 
Sleepless nights are bleh , this one some how or other landed me on facebook while I watch some movies . 
drinking beer and looking at what people get inked with friends all day . good times had by one and all . saw my < PROPMALE>'s newborn , that makes number 3 . 
the sun is trying to kill me in my sleep and in my dreams and when I go outside its just waiting to burn me alive . 
decidedly , facebook games like evony 2 turned out to be a big waste of time . is it possible to < PROPFEMALE > for those hours of my life lost on it ? naw guess not . 
cramped calf muscles and kidney stones . decidely this week is off to a bad start . 
i liked the new nightmare on elm street , hope they make more . \Early to rise and early to bed makes a male healthy and wealthy and dead . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Thurber " 
What I wouldn't do for 12 more hours of darkness today . Anything to keep the sun and its infernal heat off my skin . 
Hmmm . I made it all nice gloomy outside like I wanted . I'd try and make a beautiful girl deliver me a free computer tomorow , but I think I need to conserve this new power . 
Hm . I made it all nice gloomy outside like I wanted . I'd try and make a beautiful girl deliver me a free computer tomorrow , but I think I need to conserve this new power . 
I made it all nice gloomy outside like I wanted . I'd try and make a beautiful girl deliver me a free computer tomorrow , but I think I need to conserve this new power . 
Fixed granny's shower doors , tried a new cord for her dvd player . Now kidneys are furious with pain . Come here my little hydrocod friends ! 
Let's gooooo to G-Mart ! 
look out internet , my dad is making a facebook < PROPFEMALE > . 
War makes more widows than heroes with its battles grown long . 
Its Feast of Brains Friday ! Woohoo ! 
fml ftw . 
nintendo wii's are like 50 bucks off atm . good time to buy em . best buy n amazon.com should both have them for like $150 . 
i wish i had like 6 arms . 
so much gray hair ... time dye ! 
Prayne de crabug ahm rinedere be-yogt iglo kes gron . :) 
there's a fly in the house ... im going to kill him and put his head on a needle outside as a warning to the other flies ! 
truck is gone . in the shop . :( 
we got avatar , the road , sherlock holmes , daybreakers , ninja assassin , and from < PROPFIRST > with love on blu < PROPFIRST > netflix right now . woo ! masterpiece theater at my house ! 
this second season of < PROPMALE > is pretty fun . little psychic druic kids , love potions , winged panthers , excalibur , and a whole bunch more ! 
a little card play , a little nypd pizza , some booze , a little something extra special and some good ol pals . one damn decent night . 
i need more goji < PROPFIRST > slurpee ! stat ! 
only in socal does your gardener pound down your door at 7am and then not actually do any gardening . 
watchin old chappelle all day long , reminds me of the old < PROPFIRST>'s garage days . 
\Cajuns are dirty . That’s a fact . That’s French and Redneck merging . That’s a hygiene combination no antiperspirant can tackle . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Tosh " 
i wake up and there's tons of messages from idiots on this thing called the internet . makes me wanna go pass out again . 
my room smells like peach vodka 
no muscle pains . room is lookin awesome right now how its moving aorund . thanks soma 
so i swallowed the end of a toothpick tonight . now i'll know what it like to pass wood and stone and glass . 
i got angel tickets for sunday's game , mom isn't feeling well so , folks aren't going . i got a spare wheelchair too . just lemme know who wants em . 
Started an Etsy account . No clue what I'mm gonna sell . Anyone wanna buy some Raver bracelets ??? 
finally passed smog 
i made chocolate waffles , mmmmmm 
i made chocolate waffles . mmmmmmmm 
Run for the hills . I just played CS :S 
i've been lookin at pics of the boys from the old days . always fond of reflecting on fun times . 
nachos and 3d studio < PROPMALE > at 2am . mmmm 
reading about new recipes and getting excited to try them out . 
Dinner for Schmucks its High-larious ! 
I played some good old Sublime while I slept . Best sleep in a long time . 
i got chocolate on me n then a spider bit the me in the chocolate n then it got diabetes n went into diabetic shock from high blood sugar . 
being sick sucks . im burning up with the AC on . 
Don't start a story with , \This is SO funny\ " . It's like saying 
world of warcraft has me in its clutches once again . 
Machete was okay . The huge ass political message about immigration kinda ruined it . 
Gonna spend a few days trying to rest and heal . Phone is off for the time being . Gonna hide for awhile so i can stop coughing . 
OMG ! Netflix has Fraggle Rock seasons on watch it now . I know what I'm doing til halloween . 
Elections are depressing . 
bye bye mohawk 
Lesson for the week : double bagging it is never a bad idea . 
one of the strongest motives that lead men to < PROPMALE > and science is\ 
escape from everyday life with its painful crudity and hopeless dreariness , \ 
from the fetters of one's own ever-shifting desires . A finely tempered\ 
nature longs to escape from the personal life into the world of objective\ 
perception and thought 
i'll be relaxing if anyone needs me . txt my cell . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > , Mistress of the Dark . 
I put a spell on you ! 
more screws not fitting properly for new tv wall mount . this is becoming a real pain in the rear . glad i only have to do it once . 
the tv is up on the wall thanks to a little strong fishy and an injured old man and me ! its niiiiiice . 
pretty horrid day . i'm glad its over . 
freaking phone is acting up . 
phone is broke . wont stay on . woo for shitty foreign design n composition . 
still awake n sick to my stomach . 
new phone means new ring tones . 
woo ! no sleep ! time for more wow . ( psst , i think im addicted ... again . ) 
my knees feel like they were blown off in ' < PROPFEMALE > . 
< PROPFEMALE > Lime Margaritas , Sublime , Pain Meds , and some cleaning house . Good times . 
Fuck < PROPFIRST>'s TV , Fuck Living Spaces , and Fuck Irvine . 
Who's ready to go see pink < PROPMALE > ? Me n < PROPFIRST > ! That's who . 
Life Altering Experience ! For the better . 
Thank's Ontrac and Amazon for losing my christmas gifts to my family . hope the new ones make it on time . 
I want sleep damn it 
Does anybody here remember < PROPFEMALE > Lynn ? \ 
Remember how she said that\ 
We would meet again\ 
Some < PROPFEMALE > day ? \ 
< PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > ! \ 
What has become of you ? \ 
Does anybody else in here\ 
Feel the way I do ? 
aw 49'ers fired the head coach cuz he was too rough . poor little guys . must not like almost going to the play off . they'd rather sit around and work on manny peddy time . 
just closed my hotmail account out . it got hacked . thankfully i keep everything divided up between a dozen email addresses ! @_@ 
Favorite quote this morning : \don't kiss an ass if its in the process of shitting on you . \"" 
i have no idea whats goin on right now . 
backyard constains : possums , coyotes , racoons , cats , rats , wild brush . who wants to come over for a safari ?! 
