Happy New Years everyone !!! 2011 lets do it big !!! 

Happy Easter everyone ... 
About to go to work ... I hope this week just flys by ... 
Feelin more comfident then < PROPFEMALE > ... My swagga is through tha rough ... E WHO ... 
She looked at me with a cool blush showin the results of a nice toothbrush ... 
Relaxing thinking about all the wonderful people I have in my life ... 
At the end of the day when all hope is lost and you feel like this is it think of all who care for you and know that your blessed ... 
Woot woot group outing tonight ... Going to see A Nightmare on Elm Street ... See you in your dreams kiddies ... 
Baby you the whole package plus you pay your taxes and you keep real while them others stayin plastic your my Wonder Woman call me Mr. Fantastic STOP ... Now think about it ... 
Chillin by the community pool tryin to get a shade tan ... 
In the end I always knew you were worth it ... For one < PROPFEMALE > facial expression I would give it all ... But , to all the others you run with undoubtedly no sence of my limbering existence ... So , as they fall one after the other changing your perspective each time ... I will stay where I have been since the begining with nothing else driving me but the thought of your constant happiness ... 
Happy Cinco De Mayo !!! 
Dreaming of the day that you realize I exist ... 
Watchin them bois whoop up on the Hawks ... 
Just wanna send a very special Happy Mothers Day out to all wonderful ladies that blessed me with all these wonderful people in my life ... Mom I know your not perfect but I love you thank you for giving me life ... 
Guess I really should be sleepin but I really dont have any intrest in closing my eyes right now ... 
Just woke up ... I really hate the feeling I get when I over sleep uggghhh ... 
Gotta work 445 to Close hope the day flys by ... 
Really wants some really good pizza but doesnt know anyone open this late in < PROPFIRST > that delivers ... 
Is really intent on doin tha right thing and not just because Spike < PROPFIRST > told me to ... 
Constantly days go by and we grow older but our memiories shall never faid well at least if we dont develope altimers ... Please fill free to correct my spelling :+) 
Got the day off time to lay back relax and enjoy the many luxurys of life ... 
What tha * uck are yall thinkin makin sure the REPO ship is never sinkin ... 
Truly need to get some Zzzzs but cant seem to pull it off ... Open in the morning hip hiop horay ... 
Is lovin life , friends , and family ... Don't take forgranted what you have been given for there are several others that would gladly take your place ... 
If I were to die today what would you say or how would you feel ? 
Watchin tha finals wit < PROPFEMALE > homie D-Dot ... Dont care who wins but Orlandos bringin it home next year ... 
Really wishing I did'nt have to work today ... I feel like going out tonight whos with me ? 
While you fill there is only darkness and it seems you may never find your way back to the light just know that you are the light to someone elses darkness ... 
Hey young world ... 
Why cant I ever have an interesting day off ? 
24 One over < PROPFIRST > ... 5 One under < PROPFIRST > ... So what happens when he wins 6 ??? 
Sending a Happy Fathers Day out there to all the real dads not the ones that dump you for another family in Texas ... You know the one that still like to play catch wit they kids in hope one day hell be the natural ... Oh and this doesnt go to the dads who slave there kids hopeing one day to become < PROPMALE > off of there talents so sorry < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > this < PROPMALE > isnt for you ... 
Feelin muy bueno played pool wit my bois and enjoyed a few brewskies ... < PROPFIRST>'s current record at pool 2-1 ... 
Got a new computer ... 
Feelin supa dupa lazy laundry do yourself .... 
Just got home from work feelin like < PROPFIRST > the tiger GREAT !!! Holla at cha boi ... 
Nice to meet you but , unfortionately I am unable to except you for on this paticular day I have came to the conclusion that my capability to understand has been oxidised please except this and move forward ... 
Got the next 4 days off miny vacation people !!! 
Just letting everyone know my phone is currently off do to payment complications but , will be back on shortly so if im not responding to your text about yor boyfriend kickin a ball into a net sorry lmao :-) 
About to eat a Pop Tart and drink some Cranapple ... Got work from 2-Close < PROPFEMALE > much for 4 days off ... 
Got the day off about to do some cleaning make some phone calls and go for a walk and probally stop by Chick fi let for a free spicy chicken sammage ... 
About to take a shower and go pick up my check .... 
Goodnight Facebook gotta get some shut eye got work at 12 come visit me if anyones in the area ... 
Happy BBQ & Fireworks Day everyone ..... 
Tryin to make the bestie a mixtape ... Got work @ 4 ... 
Lebron in Miami wow .... 
Watching old episodes of Bleach and texting one of my besties ... Me wan't ice cream and cookie ... Cookie cookie cookie !!! 
Yessir got the weekend off if anybody wants to < PROPFEMALE > hit me up ... 
Is My______ . He Has Nice ______ . Damn , he is_____ . I ______ him . Fill In The Blanks ... 
Its official job number 2 ... Just so everyone knows I now work at Champs and Best Buy boo yah high unemployment rate !!! 
Hey people no phone until sometime tomorrow so you know how to get at me ... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgLfoQfmSQ4 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UA78e27R_J4 
The last 3 links are songs that are very special to me and I just felt like shareing them with you enjoy ... 
So , just in case no one is aware of this today is my Birthday ... Happy Birthday me ... 
Yey I got work @ 4 then I am off the next 2 days ... 
< PROPFEMALE > WAS HERE NiGGAS !!! SN : i LOVE THiS KiD ... iMA MiSS HiM WHEN i GO BACK HOME .. HE'S MY HOMiE FOR LiFE ! 
Getting ready for work 5-Close ... Yumm you smell like fish tacos ... 
Can't sleep unusually nervous about the new job which by the way starts tomorrow ... 
Gotta be to work at 8 ... Why am I not asleep ? 
lXtORGzTaM&feature = player_embedded 
About to get ready for work ... Champs people 2-Close if anyones in the area feel free to come visit me ... 
Got work at 4 ... Best Buy people my new favorite work place ... 
Love the new job just hope I can get my scheduling issue solved :/ 
Really needs to drag himself out of bed and go shave and take a shower ... 
If I could gift rap the globe I would give you the world ... 
synced their Myspace account to Facebook http://lnk.ms/0WBg6 
Got work from 2-Close at Champs come purchase some new kicks from this guy .... 
Got the day off to recuperate ... Hit me up if anyone wants to do something ... 
Went and saw Devil with some friends ... Decent flick could of been better but def worth checking out ... All and all I had fun :-) 
Working 2-Close stop by and see me if anyones in the area ... 
Gonna be at Channelside if anyones interested hit me up and come through ... 
Work @ 3 ... 
Feelin great !!! Had the most calm , peacefull , and relaxing night in a while ... 
Every person has 1000 wishes , A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , In honor of someone who died of or is fighting cancer ... 
Watchin the Bucs game extremely bored some one come save me ... 
So , this is how its gonna work ... You take two slices of bread ... The end ... Work 3-Close holla for a dolla or maybe even fifteen cents .... 
Scribbled up sketches in the mind blurred by what the heart wont allow us to see ... 
First day @ Pep Boys ... Always nervous when starting a new job wish a brotha some luck pplz ... 
Feels like its a given ... 
Enjoying my day off ... 
* Prayers Needed * We are asking everyone to say a prayer for \Darkhorse\ " 3rd\ 
Got work at the new job 230 to Close ... 
Finally finished this damn training book for work and all I can say is good riddens ... Had a long day today that involved a big sales gain and a pretty smooth audit now to wake up in 6 hours so I can do it all again GN Facebook ZZZZZZ .... 
Whats up Myspace long time no see ... 
? Q&A ? 
Q&A lets get it !!! Ask me anything you\ll get nothin less then the truth ... " 
Q : IF YOU HAD TO CHOOSE PEPPERONI NIPPLES OR ROAST BEEF CURTAINS ? Lmfao\ 
A : If I had to choose I would def go wit the roast beef curtains yummo sounds tasty lol ... 
Bout to go to work not sure what to expect things have been crazy the last couple days ... 
RIP 4 Loko !!! Todays a sad day why ??? 
Wen't to the movies with the bestie and wasted $20 on a movie that should have gone straight to Redbox ... Warning do not pay to go see Skyline 0.5 /5 ... Oh and since when does it cost 10 dollars to go see a movie thats some < PROPMALE > BS I got one word for ya BOOTLEG !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone dinner at my place everyones invited hit me up for info .... BYB !!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving every body !!! 
Shout out to USF on that sweet win in OT over Miami .... 
Hey everyone phone is off until Friday hit me up on FB or email me at eugenebennett@ymail.com ... 
Home all by my lonesome no work 2mm someone hit me up !!! 
Nice night out highly considering takin a walk ... 
Chillin at tha crib bored ... Such a beautiful day outside why am I inside ? 
Just ate dinner chillin thinkin bout some things ... 
change your FB profile picture to a favorite cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your stat to invite your friends to do the same !!! 
sicker 
Somene save me this sickness won't exit my body ... 
#143 Yo you one of the wildest females I know ... but you my pplz ... and I appreciate you listening to my issues when I need someone to talk to ... anyways you cool though Lol ... 
Change your FB profile picture to your favorite NBA team starting Dec . 7th through Dec . 10th in support of Human Rights Day . Copy & Paste to your wall to support the NBA's International support for Human Rights !!! 
Startin to feel my age ... 
Your car is japanese . You beer mexican . Your wine is spaniard . Your democracy is greek . Your coffee is colombian . Your tea is chinese . Your watch is swiss . Your fashion is french . Your shirt is indian . Your shoes are thai . Your radio is korean . Your vodka is russian . And you complain that your neighbor is an immagrant ? Pull yourself together . Copy if you are against racism . DREAM ACT !!! 
So , I met a girl ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my friends and family ... 
Sittin home doin laundry wishin someone would hit me up to do sumthin Im bored !!! Oh by the way FB ya boi gotta promotion ... They finally gave me keys AM status yo the sky is the limit now to work my way up get a ride and ghost outta this district ... 
Really wanna car think I found one just gotta get some more funds .... 
I just wanna get ya on my level ... 
Whats poppin on a Thursday night ? No work tomorrow hit me up !!! 
Mr. T !!! I pitty the fool that really love me !!! 
Its my day off what we doin !!! 
Gotta work at 12 ... Gettin so fresh and so clean clean !!! 
Chillin at mi casa watchin the LA OKC game bout to take part in som extracurricular activities ... Holla at me no work tomorrow !!! 
Enjoying my day off tryin to clean but seems very unlikely but damn I need some clean undies lmao .... Jk Jk hit me up if anyone whants to chill !!! 
Congats to all the cheese heads and theres always next year to Steeler nation ... Bucs in 2012 !!! 
Working a double tommorow apparently these are unavoidable even with 3 key holders ... 
Getting ready for work .... 2-Close ... 
RIP < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > loving Wife , Mother , Grandmother , and Aunt ... I love you so much thank you for everything you ever did for me you were a mother to me and you are a large part to thank for who I am today I know your up in Heaven watching down on us this isn't goodbye just see you later .... 12:55 am 02/11/2011 
Happy Valentines Day to all the special women in my world thank you for being who you are and never change I am blessed to have each and everyone of you in my life ... 
Sittin at the house bored out of my mind ... 
Tryin to go out tonight after work ... Sky more then likely hit me up ... 
Off to work FB come buy some shoes from ya boi !!! 
Momma needa house baby need some shoes times are gettin hard guess what E gonna do !!! 
Happy Birthday damn I feel like a douche now I saw you and didnt even think to say it my bad anyways your old lmao .... 
Enjoying my day off chillin by the pool with some of my favorite people ... 
