The toe you step on today , might be connected to the ass you have to kiss tomorrow ... ( Food for thought ) 

Bleh gotta go town ... shitty ... 
OMG ITS SOOOO FREAKING COLD ! BRRR !!! 
weee suppose to be warmer this week thank god ! 
Working 7am-3pm bleh .... text me 503-442-2758 
OMG SICK !!!! BLEH 102 temp !!! And gotta work 12pm-8pm tomorrow !! :( 
Bored .... and \XXX\ " go figure lol :) " 
Bored 
WEEEEEEE I JUST GOT ME A 42INCH LCD TV AND A PS3 HELLLLL YEA :) 
Happy Turkey Day ! :) 
Bored .. and its freakin cold ... :P 
Playing COD : Modern Warfare 2 on PS3 
Weeeee its almost xmas !!! :) only one day left of work :) 
Hellzzz yea to the snow !!! MORE MORE MORE !!! :D 
At home ... bored .... 
Holy ballz its fucking busy as hell !!!! 
BORED ..... :/ 
Bleh gotta go to work in 3 hours :( 
weee off to work I go ... 5pm till 3am ... 
Fucking bored .... :( 
....... nuttin to do ... how boring 
Good morning all :) 
Hit me up for a chat peeps im bored 
Bleh startin my work week tonite gotta work 5pm-3am yeehaw you should text me and keep me company lol 503-442-2758 
Bleh workin 5pm-3am Text me 5034422758 going to be a long nite .... 
Bleh only had one day off this week .... back to work today yeeehaw ........ 
Bored :( 
Bleh sup 
NEED MORE VALENTINES ! ~ ! :) 
Bleh workin 5pm till 3-4am weee .... :P 
Home from work ... bout fuckin time ... ok now im bored and dont wanna go to bed ... this sucks :( 
Gotta make it thru work tonite and then im off for the next 3 days .... helllz yea lol course going to be hella bored but eh .... lest not working ! :) 
Bored ... off next 3 days dunno what to do ????? :( 
Bored ........ 
Chillin at home bored on my day off ... yeeeeehaw 
Running to Best Buy and Smoke Shop back in 30 
Bored .... 
off work for 4 days .... aka BORED 
chilin bored .... watchn me some NCIS :) 
add me as friend if you have Mafia Wars .... giving it another go ... I played it when it had JUST first came out like 3-4 years ago on myspace lol looks so much better now days lol 
Playin PS3 anyone else have one ? Want more buddies to play wit :) 
OMG !!! I JUST WON A ALL EXPENCE PAID TRIP TO ( ...... NOT TELLING IF YOU WANNA KNOW ASK ME !!! ) FOR 4 DAYS 3 NIGHTS PLUS AIRFARE , FOOD , DRINKS ( AKA BEER !!! ) AND LOTS OF FREE GIFTS ..... WHICH INCLUDE .... SHOES , LUGGAGE , HAT , DIGITAL CAMERA , JACKET AND MUCH MORE !!! OMG I NEVER WIN IM SOOO FUCKIN EXCITED !!!!! 
OMG !!! I JUST WON A ALL EXPENCE PAID TRIP TO ( ...... NOT TELLING IF YOU WANNA KNOW ASK ME !!! ) FOR 4 DAYS 3 NIGHTS PLUS AIRFARE , FOOD , DRINKS ( AKA BEER !!! ) AND LOTS OF FREE GIFTS ..... WHICH INCLUDE .... SHOES , LUGGAGE , HAT , DIGITAL CAMERA , JACKET AND MUCH MORE !!! OMG I NEVER WIN IM SOOO FUCKIN EXCITED !!!!! 
Bored .... hit me up 
Driving to Seattle tonite .... 
KICK ASS !!! JUST GOT TICKETS TO LADY GAGA AT THE ROSEGARDEN AUG , 19TH !!!! 
Well ... I just had the night from HELL at work tonite ... makes me glad I dont own a gun or im pretty sure I would have used it when I got home .... 
Ugh ... tonight is going to suck ... I have an IDIOT of a crew I have to deal with tonite .... ever wanted to just grab someones head and hold it in the deep fryer ? .. .. .. 
REALLY THINKS IT WOULD BE NICE TO HAVE MY DIVERS LICENCE ...... * HINT HINT * YEA ... THATS RIGHT YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE .... :p LOL 
Had a good night :) Going to bed now 
Packing up my shit ... ITS MOVING DAY :) YeeeeHAAAAH !!! 
Chillin .... bored .... 
Best day I have had in a long time ! :) * HAPPY HAPPY JOY JOY * 
Bored .... dont wanna go work :P BTW That new guy ... yea he is a fuckin dipshit ..... just saying ... 
Weeee first day of my weekend ALRIGHT !!! :) 
Chillin bored ... 
one day down ... 3 to go ... OMG friday night shift is going to suck fuckin monkey balls ! 
OMG ... I sooooo want to call in sick tonite ... going to be a really long ... really shit nite ... I have such a \wonderful\ " crew tonite ... Gawd I miss < PROPFEMALE >....." 
OMG ... Made it through Friday night ... Now I just gotta make it through \ 
Saturday night with the same damn crew ... What contest in HELL did I \ 
win !?!?!?! 
Gotta go to work 4pm-2am but thats ok had a great morning thanks to someone so im in a good mood .... :D Shoots im outties 
BORED .......... fyi 
Feeling Icky :( Dont like it :( 
Eh well today sucks .... 
Weee todays my Friday !!! :) Just gotta make it thru tonite with the 2 \best\ " closers EVER !!!! ( read as extreme sarcasm ) ..... Oh yea so text me 503-442-2758 or hit me up on my yahoo msgr s/n kram_2010@rocketmail.com cuz I know that my fone is the only thing going to keep me sane tonite ! " 
SSDD .... God im in a rut .... 
Am planning on gettin really fuckin drunk ... might end up with me in ER but fuck it its worth it ... bad month ... hell bad year 
Ok so ... Im stupid ... go figure 
I got me a Nintendo Wii !!! :) Way wicked kewl ... needed some shopping theropy its been a bad week .... 
sup 
SOOOOO BORED ...... 
Good Night Cruel World ..... 
Off to bed I go ... gotta go Dodge tomorrow and have them fix my damn car ... prob going to cost me an arm and a leg ... DAMNIT ! why this shit always gotta happen AFTER the warranty runs out .... 
Had a great night :) 
Yeehaw starting my weekend 
F'n bored ... wat to do .... 
2 days down ... 2 to go ... then 3 days off work one day and 6 days off ... helll fuck ya bout time I got me some vacation ! :D 
What the hell ... hanging out with someone and they are either talking on phone or siting at table having coffee and friends walk in and they turn their chair to their table and talks with them .... guess i see how i rate ... :( 
Is home from coast just enjoying the last couple days of vacation ... weeeeeee 
Sleeping ... leave msg ... 
Omg ! Its so hot at work its 89 degrees in the kitchen and 84 in the dinning room ! wtf 
Bored .... :( 
I swear to god FB needs to add in a \Dont Like\ " button next to the \ " Like\ " button ... it only make sence .... kinda one sided otherwise ... FB is telling us we have to either \ " LIKE\ " it or keep our dislike to ourselves and not share it ... WTF ?!?!?! " 
So much for having the day off .... I \get\ " to go work since non of the other wonderful crew want to work even tho they bitch and moan all the time for more hours .... I hate stupid people " 
Bored hit me up for a chat :) 
This is going to be a really really really long night .... I might have to stop with the closing shifts and work days or swings ..... 
OMG ! I'M SO FUCKING GLAD THIS WORK WEEK OF HELL IS ALMOST OVER !!! 
i wanna get baked sooooo bad ! 
I need a vacation ... wish had someone to go on one with .... 
Making dinner and drinkin Corona oh yea :) 
sooo fuckn hot 99 outside 90 in the kitchen at work ... fuckn sweatn ballz 
One day till Lady Gaga !!!! CANT WAIT !!!! :D 
15 1/2 hours till Lady Gaga !!!!!! OMG CANT FUCKING WAIT !!!! 
At work ..... text me 503-442-2758 
weee my 2 days off are here good times 
all blind great way to start my weekend ! 
At work text me 503-442-2758 
.... 
Watching MI-5 on Netflix Season 1 ep 1 
Alright going to quit smoking .... Its costing me around 150 bucks a month ($1800 a year ) and I cant afford it .... sooooo its going to fucking suck for me ... and EVERYONE around me ... just and fyi dont piss me off .... 
Weeeeee next 3 days off !!!! 
Fucking Playstation Network is offline till 5pm WTF !?!?! Cant they do this shit on one of the days I WORK !?!?! FUCK !! 
Back to work ... this week should be interesting ..... 
BORED ..... 
Weeeee lucky me ... I get to close tonight ... what contest in hell did I win lol bleh 
Only 7 days till my birthday ... 
6 days till b-day 
5 days till bday .... 
3 days ..... 
2 days .... 
366 days till im 30 .... wtf 
Well this was totally the best birthday I have ever had .... 
Nutrition Facts for XXL Chalupa :\ 
Calories : 650\ 
Calories from fat : 350\ 
Saturated fat : 9 ( gram)\ 
Total fat : 39 ( g)\ 
Trans fat 1 ( g)\ 
Cholesterol : 55 ( mg)\ 
Sodium : 1300 ( mg)\ 
Carbohydrates : 53 ( g)\ 
Surgars 6 ( g)\ 
Protein 23 ( g)\ 
{ info found on tacobell.com}\ 
\ 
So if you get the Combo which is 1 XXL 1 Taco and a Large Soda thats 1195 Calories in one setting\ 
And people bitch because they are fat .... huh .... 
OMG I lost my voice .... hmmm well lest people cant bitch about me being negative for the time being .... Guess I will have to resort to physical abuse .... Heh I like it :D ... Ohhhh < PROPFEMALE > .... come here .... :D 
Glad I cant taste anything ... im to bleh to cook anything so dug in the pantry and found a can of Speghettio's I havnt had those for what like 15 years already lol still as bad as I remembing them being ... gugh 
At Buffalo Wild Wings with < PROPFIRST > and his brother .... Now thats what u call a 2 for 1 deal ! 
Besides for feeling like fucking shitty had a pretty good day 
OMG .... im sooo fucked ... tonite is going to suck .... I cant stop coughing .... didnt get any sleep lastnight for same reason ... soooo sucks ... need one more manager so I dont feel bad about calling in sick ... 
Ok ... so < PROPFEMALE > is my hero ... shes coving my ass so I can say home and make oh so sweet love with my newest pal Ny Quil ... He makes me feel amazing he so good at what he does I dont even want to get out of bed ... ( course thats because of the coma he puts me in .... ) 
Going to Urgent Care .... I need drugs ... or something im fuckin dying ... < PROPFIRST > is going to shit bricks if they tell me I need to stay home ... eh 
K well the other managers at tb are going to hate me went to doc I have a really bad sinus infection and strep fuckin awesome combo .... im out tonite and tomorrow untill the antibotics they gave me kick in so I dont infect anyone else ... yep ... alwells ... when it it comes down to it Im going to look out for myself first if they cant deal with it at work .. well that sucks im sorry but thats life ... 
drugs kicking in ... going to pass out ... peace out world 
Glad < PROPFIRST > is working today so I dont have to .... Im sleeping and doing laundry and cleaning my room today good times ... :) 
Going to Fright Town tonight ... should be interesting ... 
At ghetto Pasttimes with the drunks ... 
You and I wake up in jail together ... Using only FOUR words , what would you say to me ? NOTE : if you comment , you gotta copy and paste this in your status , so I can comment on yours ! - fair is fair - play along 
Yea ... I get to dress up as a Taco < PROPFEMALE > Manager for Halloween ... Wow ... how fucking cool am I ? .... fml 
Why the fuck is it micky's has 10th people working with no one in drive and we have a line in drive and counter with 4 ? 
Going to Buffalo Wild Wings soon ... damnit means I have to figure out something to ware ... 
People are fucking fat .... who needs $20 worth at food midnight .... 
Need to find a boto to fill my needs 
credit card machines not working huge orders pissed off people fucking busy .... gawd i love my life .... 
Thank God its my weekend ... hot damn ! 
Fried my cable modem with 42oz of soda ....... FML 
18 Degrees outside ... Freaking cold ... 
Happy Thanks Giving to all ... sept for one person who can die and burn in fuckin hell ... :) 
Im bored ..... 
ok been to Sears , Wal*Mart , < PROPFIRST > Myers , Best Buy , Target .... If there was ever ANY doubt that I hated people ... There is NO doubt ! 
Wow yesterday was one hell of a day ... good times tho ... sept for gettin molested by ex taco < PROPFEMALE > employee ... lol 
I love closing by myself ... makes life interesting .... 
Down one closer so far for tonight ... and who knows if < PROPFEMALE > is going to show up .... so yea ... guess im closing with just myself ... AGAIN .... FML I am over this shit . 
Ok so I thought wrapping those gifts sucked ... yea ... no ... Now I have to clean the entire house ... garage , kitchen , livingroom and do laundry ... FML oh and on my next day off ( tuesday ) I \get\ " to clean my room ... yeeehaw ... I love having parties .... " 
Fight Against Child AbuseHappening Now at Every Where Nation WideChange your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB til Monday , Dec 6 . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the ... same . 
Soooo ... Im hiding out in my room as there are WAY to many people over for this Civil War game ... Altho I would soooo fuck pretty much all of my cousins friends ... cuz DAMN ... its like a fuckin A&F convention is in town ... just sayin ... and No < PROPFIRST > that doesnt include you ... 
Weee ... off to work I go ... this should be \fun \"" 
Yet another \wonderful\ " night of work ahead of me ... I cant wait ....... bleh " 
Weee the start of my 3 days off thank gawd ... one more work week for me then I get to party !!! and see my Parents whom I havnt seen for the past year and half !!! This Chirstmas might actually not suck ! :) 
Ok ... so either I have the worst allergies in the world ... or I have a wicked cold and is kicking my ass ... I think im starting to < PROPFEMALE > towards having a damn cold side cuz I FEEL LIKE SHIT .... 
Sooo on the way to the porn store riding in kaylas car we got pulled over ... fml 
Ok .... not good ... I think I caught what < PROPFEMALE > had/has I feel like im going to puke ... havnt yet but am pretty sure its going to happen ... FML ..... 
Ugh I dread tonight ..... 
Fml ! TONITE IS FUCKING GAY ASS BULLSHIT !!!! FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK ! !!!!!!! 
Just kill me .... 
You know your back in Oregon ( aka Redneckland ) when you go to take a shower and find Shampoo/Conditioner for horses being used in the shower .... 
Wow I got a really refreshing 22min of sleep last night ... now I get to go back to work and do this shit all over again .... I am going to buy any and all energy drinks between me and work ... going to need em ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all .... Hope all of you have a great < PROPFEMALE > and an even better Christmas day ! Love you all and wish nothing but the best for you and your families ! 
Playing Black Ops on PS3 Add me as a friend on PS3 if you like ! :) My ID is Black_Cobra_2012 
Just dropped parents off at the airport now driving to work ... shitty deals 
Need a new job ... anyone know of of any job openings that pay at lest 10.00 ? 
Playing me some black ops 
Bleh just got home from work ... anyone awake ? Im bored but can't sleep yet hit me up ... http://yearbook.com/a/x9qvm?ref=nf 
At work ... hit me up or ask me something http://yearbook.com/a/xcfaq?ref=nf 
Soooo bored ...... http://yearbook.com/a/xdhxn?ref=nf 
So I was looking up random facts online , and apparently , male bats have the highest rate of homosexuality . That totally explains Twilight . 
Needs some lovn 
Off for 10 days .... what to do with myself . 
What did the Indian say when the white man tied his penis in a knot ? \How come ? \"" 
BAKED 
End Twilight in one scene . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > smoke a blunt , < PROPFIRST > gets the munchies , bye bye < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Did you just like your own status ? Seriously , That's like calling you cell phone from your house phone to talk to yourself . 
has a new talent : being able to piss people off just by looking at them . Just imagine what I could do if I actually spoke !! 
I never get jealous when I see my ex with someone else , because my parents always taught me to give my used toys to the less fortunate . 
Remember the 3 F rule . If your not \F\ " ucking me \ " F\ " eeding me or \ " F\ " inancing me then your opinions really don't matter ! Please keep your opinions to yourself ! " 
i have the body of a god . but it sucks cause its Buddha . 
Hey , you . Yes , you , the person reading this . You suck monkey balls . That is all 
is wondering in Mexico do you have to press one for Spanish ? 
is currently taking applications for an evil minion . Must be fluent in Sarcasm and have a creative evil minion name . Please list your name and proof of sarcasm . 
I hate stupid fat cunts that fucking act like world is going to end if they don't get what they want when they want it and then throw a fit like a 3 year old ! 
sooo my glasses just broke ... and I can't get them back together ... and im legally blind with out them .... fml I dunno how im going to finish work or drive home 
Kick ass .... I just sliced my finger open on a sharp piece on the line and I have a head ache from my broken glasses ... what an amazing nite .... 
thinks a good man must be a myth kinda like Big Foot , he's heard the stories about them , others swear they exist , but he's never actually seen one . 
I know some of you would find it hard to believe , but I don't say everything that pops into my head . I don't think the average person could handle it . 
Its 4:04 am and am just starting my paperwork ... Fuck ! I miss hawaii tb !!!! 
WTF why is it raining !?!?! yea ... fucking raining here .... im cursed ! 
Ok ... are you FUCKING KIDDING ME !?!?!?!!? I have been awake since 2:30 pm SUNDAY and now im freaking exhausted as hell but do you think I can sleep ... nooooooooooooooooooo .... FML 
Anyone have PS3 and better yet anyone play Black Ops on PS3 ??? ADD MEEEEE !!! my s/n is Black_Cobra_2012 
wants to know why he is effectively invisible UNTIL someone needs something and amazingly he reappears . 
What does the Titanic , Hendinburg & < PROPFEMALE > have in common .... 
Tried to be normal for once ... turned out to be the most terrifying five minutes of my life ! 
I don't have an anger problem . I have a stupid people problem . 
I ' liked ' the Mexican word of the Day . It's funny . Today's Mexican Word Of The Day is PASTURIZE : Yo vato , that bullet almost hit you . It went right PASTURIZE 
Would like to point out that if I can't piss off at least one person a day , it isn't worth getting out of bed . Gonna try for at least 4 today . Wish me luck . 
omg can u imagine if i had a twin ? wait ... why are you running away screaming ? 
People are like a box of chocolates ... Some you regret ever trying , some are good , a few are great ... and the nutty ones you keep around for a rainy day . lol 
Just leaving work .... yep at 3:45 am ... fml 
Ok so going to cook dinner tonight ... hopefully it turns out good ... :) 
Is as bored as a midget in an amusement park ! 
is as bored as a gay man in a hot tub full of lesbians ! 
Wow that was fun ... $284.86 hour with only me on line making food and < PROPFEMALE > running drive and counter ... hour from HELL ! 
Ok ... so you know what would be nice ... SLEEP ... yea ... still havnt slept ... 2 hours of sleep in the past 38 and counting ... im tired as fuck but cant sleep to save me ... thinking of going and getting some sleeping pills .... this is bs ! 
Pregnancy Advice : A stork might bring you a baby , but a swallow never will . 
if mothers have mothers day fathers have fathers day and lovers have valentines day , what do single men have ? Palm Sunday :D 
Ok .... so should be heading home ... but nooo < PROPFEMALE > flooded the store and we have to clean up about an inch of water ... fml 
knows that if we are what we eat , then I'm fast , cheap , easy , and TOTALLY addicting ! 
Feeling nauseas and working with food .... bad ... very bad 
Todays experiment ... I just poured a bag of skittles in the toilet and flushed ... it was like a ten second Nascar race ! 
Has found the perfect dieting technique : Eat in the nude & u will quickly loose your appetite ! I'm banned from 5 area restaurants , but I've lost 10 lbs so far ! 
... I am not mean , I am just the kind of person that will tell you like it is-there is no point in sugar coating anything ! 
I wish I could get \poked\ " in real life as much as I get poked on here . I'd be one happy camper !! " 
ever wondered if ur mom kissed u good night after givin ur dad a blow job ? bet u r now lol 
Why do people think I'm easily distrac Ooh , SHINY THING ! COME BACK SHINY THING ! 
is on a roll today !! I've drank Pepsi from a Coke glass and walked in through an out door ! Why ? Because I'm a rebel like that and sticking it to THA MAN !! 
I think I'm gonna bite the heads off of all those poor defenseless chocolate bunnies . MUUUUUUUHAHAHAHAHA ~ happy Easter everyone ~ 
Go to Google maps and click on Get Directions . Write USA as your start point . Write Japan as your destination . Go to the 29th and 45th points on your route and laugh ! 
I thought as I got older I would learn wisdom and < PROPFEMALE > , but the only thing I have learned is that I just don't give a CRAP . 
has come to the conclusion that froot-loops are just gay cheerios . =) 
What did the priest say to the rabbi at the wedding ? \ 
God I really wanna screw that kid ... rabbis reply outta what ??? 
So tryin out this twitter thing .... anyone else use it ? lemme know if you do so can add ya 
Fucking hell the customers are on the rag today fucking been bitchy as hell all night ... 
I like throwing Skittles at people and shouting TASTE THE RAINBOW !! but it's more fun to throw tacos at people yelling THINK OUTSIDE THE BUN !! 
Weeeeeeee going to be a good start to summer ... < PROPMALE > Dunham May 19th then < PROPMALE > Mars June 4th fuck ya ! 
Osama Bin Laden is dead !!! Amazing what the Americans can do when the Playstation Network is down ..... 
Well ... this is fun ... FML 
should just beat his head continuously off the wall . It would go about as good as everything else is right now . 
Dear people of portland you do not have to drive slow just because it's raining also you do not have to have < PROPMALE > just because the roads are wet for the love of god please learn to drive !!!! 
Fml 
My friend told me that I was insensitive and I should see things from a woman's point of view . So I looked out the kitchen window . 
ATTENTION FB USERS !!!! : PLEASE DO NOT CLICK ! .. again ... DO NOT CLICK the Verify My Account SPAM !!!! its a Damned F*cking VIRUS !!!! 
WELCOME TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA\ 
Press 1 for English . \ 
Press 2 to disconnect until you learn to speak English . \ 
Press 3 to connect to Immigration & Deportation services . 
If its not too much to ask ; could all of you stay in your own dreams tonight ? It got a little crowded last night with you all wandering around in mine ! ;) 
is currently out of his mind at the moment . Feel free to comment below and he will get back to to you ASAP . 
Joke just heard at work ... why do women have legs ? ................ so they don't leave a snail trail .... love work place humor ! 
Playstation Network is back up and running !!!! BOUT FUCKING DAMN TIME !!! 
Ok ... so just finished watching Castle .... ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME ... I have to wait till the end of September !?!?!?! UGH !!! 
have you ever had those days when nothing goes right ? Well I'm having lots of them . 
Damn I love < PROPFEMALE > warm days !!!! So many hot shirtless guys ! 
Weeee got the apartment ... now gotta think about starting to pack up ... bleh ... 
1st Person To Like My Status - I'll Chat With You Everyday For One Week . \ 
2nd Person To Like My Status - I Will Give You My Number . \ 
3rd Person To Like My Status - I Will Write , \I Love You 
T - 6 hours and 50 minutes till < PROPMALE > Dunham !!! 
What a night ... Umm might leave the store by 4am 
bored ...... 
Started work at 5:45 pm Monday ... didnt get outta work till 7am this morning ... FML ... what a freakin night ... best part ??? I get to be back there tonight at 5:45 pm omg ... im sooo dead right now ... and hurt ... EVERYWHERE !.... 
FML FML FML !!!! 
Nothing quite like getting home and having the shit scared out of u as u walk thru the door .... 
I'm not old , I'm 25 plus shipping and handling 
I'm heading off to bed , gonna squeeze in as many inappropriate dreams as I can before my alarm interrupts 
Who needs < PROPFIRST > Springer when u work at taco < PROPFEMALE > ... had my food line and drivethru people yelling at eachother had to tell em to clock out and chill down during a huge rush ... fml 
I'm lonely ... I got in an argument with the voices in my head today and we are no longer on speaking terms ! :( 
On the way to Buffalo Wild Wings weeeee 
ugh bored .... 
Weeee going to Seaside today ! Can't wait ... 
Seaside fuckin rocked !!! Got a sunburn and fucked up my ankle but still was sooo worth it !! :) 
Huh ... shit bout to hit da fan !!! 
I love how I get yelled at for things I HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH .... just saying ... 
Its bad when your friends ask you if you've had your first cup of coffee in the morning . Even worse when you say no and they back away slowly . They must know !!! 
I hate it when you're texting while lying down and your phone decides to be a ninja , slips through your fingers , and attacks your face ! 
Stupid joke of the day : what is invisible and smells like bananas ? 
Sleep is like sex ... I don't get either one ... 
Holy fuck .... I finally got out of my rut !!!! Now just hope it goes well .... 
Had an amazing night ... hope it wasn't a one time thing :) 
Its odd how you can be surrounded by people yet still feel completely alone .... 
Think I just made < PROPFEMALE > tinkle herself .... bruhahahaah 
Huh ... who knew doing \laundry\ " could be so much fun .... isn't that right < PROPFEMALE > ? .... " 
Had a nice relaxing day hanging out with the < PROPFIRST > brothers ... thanks guys had fun :) 
Fact of life ... After Monday & Tuesday , even the calendar says W T F !! 
...... 
Fuck you you cunt faced twat I will kill u .... 
is trying to find a status that explains how I feel right now . Not having so much luck :/ though I'm thinking it needs a lot of swear words 
Remember : I watch < PROPMALE > , Castle , Bones , Criminal Minds , CSI , CSI Miami , and EVERY SINGLE EPISODE OF NCIS . You piss me off ... I won't leave evidence . 
if i came with a warning label ... what would it say ?.. be honest and if you're brave post this as your status and see what people say about you ;) 
You know that feeling when you arrive at work , excited for the new day ; looking forward to new challenges ? Me neither .... 
Time to get a few Zzzz's going to need extra energy for tonights shift .... bruhahahaha ... 
says : from all the drama , backstabbing , and tattling , sometimes I can't figure out if I'm in elementary school or middle school ... oh wait , I'm at work . 
2 1/2 hours left ... thank god ! !! 
Being broke sucks .... fyi 
Short staffed ... check\ 
Crazy busy ... check\ 
15 minute orders ... check\ 
Fight breaking out in the dinning room during all of this .... priceless 
I'm the type of person who pushes people away when I really need them the most ! \ 
When I get stressed , I say I'm okay but I really need to talk & a hug ! 
Friends are like a second family you make for yourself . Friendship makes you feel at home though you're not at home . 
Think ... we have imaginary farms , cities and animals . It's OK to poke people and write on walls ... Facebook is a mental hospital and we are all patients !!! 
Ok so I have been here in Portland for 2 years bow but for some crazy reason I am way home sick for Hawaii ... weird ... 
If you like me , like this . if you're my friend , comment . if you love me , then message me . if you hate me , stop reading my damn status and get a life !!! 
I'm bored so lets have EVERYONE that looks at this status ( yes that means you ) comment and write the most random thing you can think of right now ok . . GO ! 
Someone please just shoot me now .... pretty sure getting shot hurts less .... 
Huh ... the joys of roommates ... sitting in the living room when they run naked out if the bathroom cuz they forgot to take any clothes with them ..... Damnit would be a great experience if I had male roommates ..... just saying . 
I'm bored ... I'm Bored .. I'm bored with a capital B.O.R.E.D. ! I SAID I'M FREGGEN BORED !! OMG I'M SO BORED ! .. KILL ME NOW ! I'M BORED OH look a coloring book :) 
Omg ... work is so much fun ... im soooo glad I get to close again . . . . 
If you're not supposed to abuse cough syrup then why does it come with a little plastic shot glass ? 
The best part of moving .... I CAN'T FIND A DAMN THING ! !!! ! oh and I had less than 3 hours of sleep moved all day , my back is FUCKING killing me .... and .... I have to work 5 till 3 and then get up early again to go clean up other place ... FML 
Wow girls really are size queens ... Both < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > keep bitching that mine is bigger than theirs .... :) 
OMG IM BORED 
Holy sweaty ball sacks its hot ! 
Alert ! WTF Moment of the day : So I just went outside on our balcony for a smoke and the people that live next to us .. yea I was sittin there and I heard a bitch moaning and panting and I was like wtf ... so I looked around and yea they are out on their balcony with her leaning over the rail gettin railed ... lol wtf lol I have see the guys that live there dunno which one it is but they are both hot wish I could see him lol :) 
BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED BORED 
You're at a strip club .... use the first seven people on your friends list in your profile ! Do NOT CHEAT\ 
The pole dancer : < PROPFIRST > LaVaque\ 
Bartender : < PROPFEMALE > Ormsby\ 
Person who tries to get you drunk : < PROPMALE > Madison\ 
Your wing man/woman : Jory Agitate\ 
Hottest person in the room : < PROPMALE > Medina\ 
Drunk person in the corner : Kaliko Castille\ 
Person that gets arrested : < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > B 
The fact that it is cooler outside than it is inside at work sucks balls ! !! I sweat less in a sauna ! 
Don't have a day off till next week Sunday ... go < PROPMALE > u are an amazing person ...... 
< PROPFIRST > holding a twizzler stick shaking it at < PROPFEMALE > ... come on just taste my twizzler it taste good ..... 
Ugh .... 
BORED BORED BORED .... yep ... still bored ... ugh someone chat wit me ... 
bored .... :( watched some netflix ... surfed the net ... read thru the last few days of posts on fb ... checked emails played a couple of stupid games on bored.com and now ... I am just bored ... :( sad day 
Hmm got dinner cooking ... A bottle of < PROPFIRST > and Tanqueray and am at home alone and bored ... Well shit this sucks .... 
When I'm quiet , strangers look at me and think I'm shy . People who know me think : OMG ! he's thinking ! EVERYBODY RUN ! 
Why do I have to go to work again ? Oh yeah , to pay for all those people on welfare who don't want to work . Silly me , how could I forget ? 
< PROPFEMALE > grabbed my package ! Thanks for that ... If u hadnt I would have when I got home .... 
You get pulled over ..... use the first 7 people in your friends list to be the person :\ 
The Sexy Cop - < PROPMALE > Gushiken\ 
In the Front seat hiding your liquor - < PROPFIRST > F . Ringo\ 
In the back seat Singing with just a bra on - < PROPMALE > Madison\ 
Jumping out of the car and running - < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > B\ 
Crying in Handcuffs - Kawika Bergau\ 
Talking to the other cop trying to get you out of trouble- < PROPFEMALE > Slatosch\ 
Waving and laughing as they drive by- < PROPFEMALE > Ormsby 
