my back hurts !!!!!!!! Missin another day of work . 

OMG ! Pet Cemetary is such a freaky movie !! Still jump everytime I watch it . 
why don't people think before they speak ???? 
just saw my little bro in the hospital . 8 stitches and going in for the cat scan . The car : totaled . 
my brother is doing good . in a lot of pain , but no < PROPMALE > injuries at least . 
WE WON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
about to head to < PROPFIRST > with Kassondra . We're gonna have a blast ! 
i'm totally wearing my cape to work tomorrow ... 
uuuummmmmm ........ 
at home watchin tv 
:) 
I may fall asleep waiting in line for my coffee 
I have done entirely too much work today 
going to go home and TRY to finish packing 
so much closer 
on my way to Hobby .... I hate leaving the island 
got the key to the new place today 
got the new house house all set up , now time to relax 
out with the girls 
all I want is some coffee .... 
I just made my first cappaccino with my new cappaccino maker ! It actually turned out good . 
why must people insist on messing up my stuff ?????? 
so I tried to warn Kenzie's teacher ..... I will pray for her 
Kenzie made it through her first day of school and they're even gonna let her go back tomorrow . lol 
maybe I should say that I'm happy the teacher made it through Kenzie's first day of school 
oh my ..... 
OMG ! I totally just got flashed . lol 
so .... \I'm on my way over there\ " really means ... I've gotta do like 10 other things so I'll be over in like 4 hours . Men . " 
I have lost all motivation .... 
I love dumb funny movies 
all day ..... aaaalllll daaaay I waited patiently for the lights to go out at work . they just went out . 
¸ . • *¨* • ? Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful DAUGHTER(s ) in the world ? • *¨* • . ¸¸¸ . • *¨* • ?? • *¨* \ " , 201 0-0 9-10 17:05:18 " 
and men talk about women being crazy drivers ....... I think not ! 
I'm sorry but everytime I see the snuggie commercial I think to myself that everyone on there looks like a dork . A blanket with sleeves .... really ?!?!?! Just wear a robe . 
I can't believe I lost that bet 
wow ! dwp really scared me when he got on the intercom just now . 
I hate it when I get emails from someone that knows the person who sent it to them sent it to me as well . stop blowin my phone up . you know who you are . 
try explaining to a 3 year that although she IS big she is still not big enough to wear her sister's shoes to school . 
it's my red stapler so don't touch it ! 
I'm gonna have to get galveston ghetto on these people drivin down my street all crazy while my kids are riding their bikes . 
my horoscope sucks .... 
why can't i be this sleepy when it's actually time to go to sleep ???? 
I love getting carded 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met , or those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but could not stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it because baby loss is still ... a taboo subject .... Break the silence . In memory of all angels . 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are at work and man are we tired 
so I woke up this morning and looked at my phone ..... apparently I held an entire conversation with someone by text while I was asleep . strange . 
Don't put me down as a reference if you don't plan on actually paying the < PROPMALE > for whatever it is ...... I don't need those stupid people calling me ( every damn day ) as if I'm the one that owes them money . Some people are so irresponsible and just plain ignorant . 
the coffee hasn't fully kicked in yet ... 
it's so boring after the girls go to sleep 
all i wanna know is since when does rolling through a stop sign ( i'm talkin there was a big pause ) classify as blowing through the stop sign ( those were the cop's words , not mine) ????? i figure that blowing through it would mean that i made no attempt to even pause or think about there even being a stop sign there . 
mmmmmmm ........... coffee 
yeah , ok 
so I caught Kenzie trying to shave her legs ..... I guess she did pretty good considering she had the razor upside down . lol 
omg ! I just saw a guy with a mullet and a leopard print shirt . lmfao ! 
my coffee delivery is late :( 
I'm so excited for the mental health days that I requested 
it's so cold you could < PROPFEMALE > meat in here ... 
almost .... 
FREEDOM !!!!!!!! 
should kenzie be in trouble for punching the little boy in her class in the groin ? he DID invade her personal bubble . 
so far in < PROPFEMALE>'s school career I think I'm up to about 10 jackets lost .... she's only in 1st grade . I hate to see what the count will be up to by the time she makes it to high school . 
my coffee delivery was a surprise , but very much needed and appreciated this morning :) 
I can't stop shaking my legs .... possibility that I've had too much coffee today . oh well . :) 
I just found a melted jolly rancher in my desk with a few paper clips and a rubber band stuck to it . it should be fun getting that out . 
it feels great sleeping in . I just got out of bed . 
why does it seem like people only call when they want something ??? 
everyone always has an excuse 
bout to call it quits 
wow it's been a busy day 
gonna go carve a pumpkin with my girls 
mmmmmmm .......... good < PROPFEMALE > Kat . :) 
I think that we should have nap time at work 
once people reach a certain age they should no longer be allowed to drive 
no power at work . yay ! 
damn they're back on =( 
in the world of fashion : are ponchos back \in \"????" 
I hate it when I don't understand < PROPFEMALE>'s homework . 
I don't like my neighbors 
I don't understand why when you call the nail place and actually make an appointment they don't tell you that they will have like 5 million people there and that isn't a good time for an appointment because you will have to wait anyways 
still don't know how I feel about sushi 
going to a haunted house with my younger brother is one of the funniest things ever 
everybody was kung fu fighting 
yup 
so exhausted from going to the zoo today 
i need a very long vacation 
i wanna take tomorrow off too ...... everyone else is 
just picked my shopping day and just can't wait until it gets here :) 
lemon with lemon filling muffin or chocolate muffin ... can't decide 
oh poor me , i think i'm getting the tiniest bit of a cold ..... well i guess i should call in sick for the ENTIRE week . WIMPS !!!!!!!!! 
turkey makes me soooooooooo sleepy 
A true friend doesn't care when you are broke , what you weigh , if your house is a mess , about your past , or if your family is full of crazies ; they love you for who you are ! Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are .... 
people always have an opinion about something ...... well guess what , I didn't ask for YOURS !!!!!!! 
i can't wait until the wicked witch of the west leaves ..... 
I can't believe I forgot my phone at work . That was like the longest 30 minutes of my life without it . I felt like I was going to have a panic attack .... 
Changeyour FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same 
A stranger stabs you in the front ; a friend stabs you in the back ; a boyfriend stabs you in the heart , but best friends only poke each other with straws . 
i want to close my eyes for just a little bit 
how come when i try to put down head nodding and slang as my languages it won't let me ????? 
well i can't get a manicure now with this nasty cut on my hand :( 
just when you think things can't get any worse .... they do . 
FML 
I would love to get my moneys worth out of the jacket I bought this year . when is it gonna be cold ?!?!?! 
hmmmmm ...... i wonder how many attorneys are here today and who can we talk into letting us leave early 
I'm not too sure about this new phone . 
and now my tire is almost flat 
i think there are like maybe 5 people at work today 
Without power 
Playing don't break the ice with the girls in the dark 
Yay !!! Lights ! Lights ! Lights ! 
And the plot thickens ... 
It would be awesome to sit on my roof and throw water balloons filled with red koolaid at my neighbors 
Had myself all worked up for nothing 
This place I call work just exhausts me 
i wanna go home 
Ok I finally got all the mud off my truck , now everyone can leave me alone about it 
Pajamas , popcorn , cookies , orange soda - the girls and I watching ratatouille 
Watching my 3 year old act like she is cracking her knuckles before her turn in don't break the ice is hilarious ! 
At this zoo that people call < PROPMALE > e cheese 
Just left hell 
Don't know what has gotten into me ... left the island twice in two days 
Omg ! I shoulda been a fat kid .... I just ate a whole pizza 
Queens bbq ! Mmmmm ...... 
infatuation , love , lust ...... there IS a difference . figure it out . just because someone showed you some attention for like a minute you think you're just sooooooo in love with them and can't live without them . get a clue . so annoying seeing that constantly from one person about a different person every week . okay ... maybe every two weeks . 
Direct tv SUCKS !!!!!! 
So I've got this brace on for my shoulder and now my right arm is tingling 
Coloring with < PROPFEMALE > 
Doing our nails , makeup and dressing like \princesses\ " .... Awe the joy of having girls " 
Apparently < PROPFIRST > the train is boring because they talk but their mouths never move . 
This sucks ! My pipes are frozen . 
Ok Texas weather make up my mind .... Jacket , shorts , hat , flip flops what is it gonna be ??? Uuuuuggggghhhhh !!!!!! 
