wants some sunshine ! 

Yay , It's so beautiful ! I want to go to the beach ! Any takers ? I'll be laying out on the hammock till then ! 
Can't wait to get this ph chip off my esophagus ! 
Thanks for all the nice birthday wishes ! I really appreciate them ! 
Not going to let mean people break my spirit ! 
Hopefully I have this fully restored 1980's < PROPFIRST > Despatch road bike ! 
damn ole peacock in pantyhose with a fake set of lips on your forehead trying to draw a picture of a mouse in a donut while eating a carrot that I found in my grandmas bathrobe while you braid your leg hair in a pattern of the flag that you have in your f 
I think I came close to dancing the sole off my five finger's shoes last night ! Maybe I just dance a little too hard for any shoe ! 
Needs a job and wants some sunshine !! Anyone up for a beach trip ? 
Where to move , where to move ...? That is the question ! New England , New Hampshire .. Boulder Colorado ... Or Brooklyn New York .. These are my options for towns that have a school that offers what I want to do . 
Really ? Thanks .. 
reassessing ... 
Writing a paper on my families trip to Bonnaroo , this shall be very interesting to achieve seeing as I must leave out the mind altering details .. : ) 
Deep South was nothing short of amazing .. Should have been there to those who didn't go ! It was great to hear good music , see good friends and hoop till my legs and feet couldn't take anymore ! My right foot is a little cut up , due to spinning some glass into it , but it was worth it ! Love you all who got to share yesterday with me !! Check out Topaz & Mudphonic and El Cantador , my favorites of the evening ! 
Has a new baby named Joplin !! 
This is my favorite part of the year ! Beautiful days outside without getting heat exhaustion ! 
yay , heaters fixed now ! : ) 
Wow , it's gorgeous outside ! Think I'll catch some rays : ) 
Homework , classical music , and pears yum ! 
I hate dealing with pharmacies , they always manage to mess up even the simplest of request . 
Want's to be gone from this town more and more everyday ! 
What all hoopin , groovin , red hott mama's are venturing to the Bear Creek ??? please join me for serious hoop seshs ! 
Does anyone have a lot of cheese that I could get from them !!!! 
So tired and not ready to get back to reality ! Thankfully I don't have classes on Mondays !! 
Cutting me this Friday , I hope everything goes well ! 
Food induced coma .. Gotta love Thanksgiving ! Stocked up on the Banana pudding !! YUM ! 
Roll Tide Roll !! 
Rudeness is the weak mans imitation of strength ..... Eric Hoffer 
I know this is completely inappropriate but I have been wanting to set it as my status for a while ....... We got dicks like Jesus .... 
Has a vampire fetus 
Not sure of the details but Mr. < PROPMALE > from FHS has passed ! Please keep his family in your prayers ! The wake and funeral services will be sometime after Christmas , I'll share more information when I'm positive of the details . : ( this is very sad he was a very nice man ! 
Thinks it's pitiful some people spend their whole lives worrying about what people think of them ! Not really living at all if you ask me ! 
Just watched Where the Wild Things Are !!!!! So good ! But I think its funny I can't even watch monsters cry without crying myself .. Sometimes it would be nice to be a little less passionate ! 
Oh organized religion holidays .. Not much to say about them ! I do enjoy the family time and the smiles on the kids faces as they race around hyped up on sugar ! 
Finally on my way home ! 
Guess I just feel like dancin today , sweet moves going on in the bafroom ! Be jealous .. 
Thanks for ruining my day again incompitent medical care ! 
Could I trade in for a new body ? One that doesn't have glitches .. 
Oh cheese how you make my heart smile ! 
How do you want it .. 
Oh thereis magic in the air and it can take you higher !! 
Needs a vacation .. Far from here ! 
The man that knows somethin ' knows that he knows nothin ' at all Does it seem colder in your summer time and hotter in your fall If we were made in his image then call us by our names . Most intellects do not believe in God but they fear us just the same 
Woke up really nausous ! Baaahumbug ! 
A BBQ is definitely in order very soon my friends , my dad is a badass and he just extream backyard makeovered my ass so this must be shared ! I need to pick a good time for all so if < PROPFEMALE > interested let me know ! 
Jammin some Mofro , feeling absolutely wonderful after bellydance class ! Got my teacher to try hooping ! So now she's gna get a hoop from me ! Excited ! Néw recruit to the hoop life ! Wootwoot ! 
But Again , Whose going to MOFRO tonight ?? 
I love Mofro !! Killed it as always damn JJ you got some soul ! 
Has yellow paint all over me ! Because I'm cool and shook up the paint to do touch-ups on my flower boxes and it went all over me , the porch and my new picnic table . Followed by my dog trampling all through it ! It was a nice relaxing afternoon ! But all good , thank god for water soluable paint ! At least now now the deck and animals are clean ! 
Hopes the Muslims don't really try to kill the south park guys , though they brought this on themselves .. 
Be strong . This to shall pass ! 
Feels it's good to rearrange < PROPFEMALE > whole room in the wee hours of the morning ! 
Fill your day with the positive and soon you'll forget about the negative . 
Man I slept wonderfully last night ! I'll be spending this day in full gear , getting all this End of the semester crap done with ! But all smiles , my summer is almost here .. Not like I'll actually get to enjoy it tho .. I'll be getting my last classes out of the way instead of breaking ! Worth it tho , because then it's peace out Pensacola ! 
It's crazy I have finally got to a point in my life where I actually somewhat enjoy writing papers . I am thoroughly impressed with the advancement in my writing skills ! 
Thinks it's time for some yoga , My body is so stiff from the end of the semester crack down ! 
Ladies , PJC is offering a belly dance class offered by a really really cool chick if your interested definitely sign up , I'm willing to carpool with whoever down for the class ! Don't worry about being really good the class reaches across all levels ( To those beginning or those who are a little more advanced ) It's a lot of fun and you guys would love it ! It's on Monday nights at 7 in < PROPMALE > . 
Excuse me while I get my fade on .. 
Pardonnmy french .. But .. All I got to say Is fuck you if you don't like disco ! 
Fingers crossed , I may actually of found a bluegrass band to sing with !!! 
Two more emails from people looking for a singer . This time two WORKING bands .. So fingers crossed , I'm going to get with everyone whose contacted me and hopefully I'll be getting somewhere ! Couldn't be happier ! Loves when life falls into place ! 
Guess I'm just a black magic woman 
Feels great after a nice walk to the dog beach ! Joplin got to play with a bunch of other schnauzers ! She's happy to have gotten all her energy out ! 
We search for perfection because we believe we are entitled to the best — even if perfection is an illusion foisted on us by an abundance of possibilities . \ 
~ Hara Estroff Marano 
Uh yes I'd like to give a shout out and some love to the woman whose vagina I came out of ! I love you mom more than words could describe ! Not only are you my wonderful mother , your my best friend ! And that means the world to me ! Your the best mom and friend a girl could ask for ! Hugs ! 
Wishes more people respected life 
Wow , I can't wait till tomorrow ! 
The real secret of magic is that the world is made of words , and that if you know the words that the world is made of you can make of it whatever you wish . 
And the man at the back said\ 
Everyone attack and it turned into a ballroom blitz\ 
And the girl in the corner said\ 
Boy , I wanna warn ya , it'll turn into a ballroom blitz 
Even more in love with < PROPFEMALE > krauss , she truly has the voice of an angel ! A little burnt , but so happy , great music ! Great friends ! And a day of hoopin on the beach while getting to listen to great music ! Neatest festival I've ever been too ! Life is good ! Love ! 
Rain please go away , leave me alone , come another day .. : ) 
WIshes I had a dollar for all the times someone yelled something to do with hula-hoop to me this weekend ! I had so much fun hooping the weekend away ! I'm really surprised I can move ! Glad I got to bump into new and old friends I love ! 
New beginnings , new crystals , nothing but positive energy ! Let go of things that are a cause of stress . Good day by the water to follow ! Being productive , fixed my broken jewelry . Good night of rest , for a workout in the morning I feel is in order . 
Blackwater trip was great ! Relaxing for now , belly-dance tonight ! 
Ahhhh , Just woke up from my comatose sleep ! Couldn't even express how happy I am right now !!!!! I LOVE SPONTANEOUS road trips ! And looks like I'll be headed to Illinois for Summer Camp Fest this weekend ! Taking a pit stop in Kentucky to meet some new folks ! Doin a happy happy dance ! 
Needs a dog sitter ! 
In route to Louisville ! Illinois in the morning ! Going to be a kickass weekend ! Summer Camp 10'! Hopefully I'll make some money ! 
Passing through Indiana headed to Illinois ! Had a great time meeting family in Louisville ! Rocking some Yonder ! Life is good ! 
Summer camp is the coolest festival I've ever been to !!! Its got the laid back attitude of a small festival but with a ton of peolple like a big fest ! Met some really cool people ! Saw a TON of good music ! Danced/hooped my butt off ! Sold 3 hoops too ! My neighbors brought a trampoline and tons of communal hammocks ! I would recommend everyone should make this a yearly fest ! 
Whose got my heady vegan meth 
I love having epic dreams of crazy adventures ! Other than that doesn't the words \whale whores\ " produce the best mental image .. Ha " 
Fuckin drunk < PROPFEMALE > Deion sing along at karyoke hahahhA 
Universe , Please send me a male as random and weird as I who can handle me . 
\It seems the nettles have made the milk drop out from inside my teat . \ " \ 
Indeed a good evening for a walk ! 
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings .. < PROPMALE > Dali 
Fingers crossed , may the force be with me .. We'll see if I'm a match for the bluegrass group I've been talking with ! I'm nervous ! 
Couldn't be happier ! Glad to have done something positive to be proud of ! Looks like a celebration is in order ! 
Providing myself with a little light therapy ! 
Is About Real Talk ha 
Insanely stoked to hear GWAR will be at the Soul Kitchen again ! This is a show not to be missed !!!!! 
I loves < PROPFEMALE>'s black bean burritos ! Drinks this evening with < PROPMALE > . 
Still in a stupore , thinking about the rediculous events that took place last night . 
Had a good night of bingo and laughs ! < PROPFEMALE > had fun ! Haha 
I'll keep searching for a heart of gold ... 
Nice walk at sunset ! 
Wow , nothing like being hit in the face with reality . Life should be respected , you never know when it can be taken away from you . Fucking sucks the world won't be blessed with your presence anymore ... From the bottom of my heart , you were definitely loved by many and will be missed greatly ! 
Wish I could escape my thoughts for a little while please .. Hopefully I'll dream of something beautiful ! 
Why is it when your sad you brain keeps playing memories over and over like a skipping record player . Where the power off button . 
Yeah safe to say I feel like a pile of several assholes this morning ! Looks like I'll be out of commission for several hours .. Walk it off .. Ha . 
The cost of sanity , in this society , is a certain level of alienation . - < PROPMALE > McKenna 
Wishes I had HBO so I could watch true blood tonight ! 
Hell yeah after hours of searching I finally found the new episode of True Blood ! Get me some ! Oh how I love hot vampire sex ! 
10 hour headaches = no good ! Guess I better go the doctor sooner than later ! 
A ' No ' uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a ' Yes ' merely uttered to please , or worse , to avoid trouble . \ 
Gandhi 
“I don't sing because I'm happy ; I'm happy because I sing . ” - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
It is impossible to imagine a more complete fusion with nature than that of the Gypsy . - Franz Liszt 
Glad I'm up to see the baby squirls run through the trees ! 
Spending the day writing , hopefully I can learn something from my written thoughts ! 
So happy to begin my first painting of my gypsy dancer series ! 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are looking for a place to watch true blood tonight ! Whose got my heady HBO ? 
I am so so HAPPY ! <3 my heart couldn't stop smiling if I wanted it to ! 
“Those who danced were thought to be quite insane by those who could not hear the music . ” - < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > 
Ha I really realize how random I am when it's 3:50 most people are sleeping and I was on my way to laying down and it somehow turned into a solo dance/singing party with Joplin while eating a sandwitch . That's how I do . 
Happy ! 
Satisfied my vampire fantasy for today ! Eclipse was amazing ! Best movie so far ! 
Team vampire fucker 
A lot is on my mind ... 
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open . - < PROPFIRST > Barrymore 
And I'm oh so tierd of you pushing that thorny crown . 
Tubing on Blackwater this Sunday for < PROPFEMALE > and I's birthdays ! 
For those who are interested in joining , we're going down Blackwater for < PROPFEMALE > and I's birthdays tomorrow ! 
Wants to thank everyone oh so very much for the birthday wishes !! I cant thank you all enough ! It really means a lot to me !! Love you guys ! 
A little solo drum sesh , I think so indeed ! 
Rhythym is a dancer , it's a soul's companion , you can feel it everywhere . Lift your hands and voices , free your mind and join us , you can feel it in the air . 
Drug free , so put the crack up ! No need for speed , I'm the anti D-R-U-G-G-I-E ! Oh but fool do I loves the weed ! ha 
The most beautiful things in the world are not seen nor touched . They are felt with the heart . -- < PROPFEMALE > Keller . 
Decide what to be and go be it ! 
Thankfully ecstatic about where my life is ! 
Practiced and recorded with the bluegrass band last night , can't wait to hear how everything sounds ! Hopefully a new project will arise from the connections I made ! 
Needs jumper cables asap 
Needs someone to talk to ... : ( 
Hell yeah , Fuck yeah got the CD of the recording with the Bluegrass band ! Very happy with it ! Starting classes here in an hour ! : ) And happy because I have a insanely wonderful man who loves me ! 
One day you'll wake up and realize that YOU are the divine spirit ! -Me 
Watch out for blood monkey 
The future of communication is the future of the evolution of the human soul . - < PROPMALE > McKenna 
I feel absolutely terrible ! Fever/ insanely sore body/ throat hurts too : ( .. Boo boo boo boo boo boo 
Come on vogue , let your body move to the music , let your body go with the flow ! 
Someone do yoga with me 
The high road is hard to find 
Hating life right about now , nothing like being woke up early by serious painful cramping . Painful ovulation pretty much sucks the biggest one ever ! 
Bellyflop naked in a pool of yellow sweat . 
Oh < PROPMALE > Seger and your night moves how you know how to start off the day ! 
Feeling pretty tired after riding about 20 < PROPMALE > ! Proud of the distance I achieved despite my rather speedy encounter with the ground ! I'll sure be feeling this in morning ! 
Has lost her voice , could someone find it for me ? 
She can stare at squirrels 
Oo girl shock me like an electric eel 
Gone with old hair , time for change ! 
Hell yeah yall gotta check out that new Peewee < PROPMALE > and The Body Hair ! Hot shit ! 
On my way to learning the banjo ! I must say it's pretty cool playing an instrument while I sing , a feeling like no other ! 
Building a platform bed with my daddy and my love ! : ) 
Will be playing gallery night this Friday in Pensacola . Come get down with us . 
Just got a p.a. system !! Be sure to come check us out at Gallery night in downtown Pensacola ! 
Come check us out gallery night downtown Pensacola tomorrow 5-9 . Be there or be square ! 
Guesses today is just not gonna work out that well for me . Maybe I should go back to sleep and try waking up once more . Well hopefully all of your day's are going much better than mine ! Can't wait to see family ! 
Can't believe I'm sick again .. : ( 
Back from a adventure of a bike ride ! Feels great zooming through the cool air ! 
Starts my iron treatments tomorrow , hopefully this will improve my low energy ! Twas a lovely afternoon spinnin while my love jammed ! Trying to decide whether I want to go on another biking adventure .. 
A half truth is a whole lie . -Yiddish proverb 
Oh why do I do this to myself ?! Procrastinating till the last minute every time , you think I would know better by now ! 
Holy hell I don't know how I pull it off but I kicked the end of the semesters butt ! Ha oh the things I could do if I actually try ! Guess that makes me feel pretty good though that I pull off at the last minute what people have been doing for days even weeks ! 
Worst day of my life ! 
Hells yeah ! Another A on an 8page paper written the night before it was due ! And I was told it was my best work to date ! Pretty sure that constitutes me as a badass ! : ) 
I do believe its true , that there are roads left in both of our shoes\ 
If the silence takes you \ 
Then I hope it takes me too\ 
So brown eyes I hold you near\ 
Cause you're the only song I want to hear\ 
A < PROPFEMALE > softly soaring through my atmosphere 
Rest in peace dear < PROPFEMALE > ! You were a remarkable woman and the world will truly miss you presence ! 
