bored some1 msg me or txt me 

5 more days until summer cnt fucking w8 
will ppl get a fucking life and stop talking abt me 
Essays suck 
schools almost fucking over , can not wait for summer 
FUCK POWERPOINTS 
almost my my mother fucking bday :D btw dnt spam me with happy bdays 
16 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D 
i love my new itouch 
\Why does a squirrel swim on its back ?... To keep its nutts dry ! \ " -Southpark LoL " 
bored , txt me , if u want number just msg me 
finaly abt to watch the hangover 
INBOX\ 
ONLY : tellme something you always wanted to tell me . i'll keep it \ 
between us . post this as your status and see what people tell you . no \ 
matter whatyou say i won't get mad . doesn't matter what it is . have fun \ 
but areyou brave enough to put this as your status ?? 
hell yea lesnar beats carwin 
holy shit ufc 118 is in boston 
4th of july sucks when u get bailed on 
chilling with fam , have nieces over 
forgot how loud fireworks were 
just got out of pool , if u wanna chill msg or txt me 
damn its hot out , good thing i have a pool :P 
Like my status and I'll tell you what I love about you , dislike about you , first impression and a confession 
You can ask me questions ( only in my inbox ) . Any question , no matter howcrazy , sinister , or wrong it is I WILL answer no matter what . You have my FULL honesty but DARE you to put this as your status and see what questions you get . 
Copy this to your status and see what people rate you .. ( 1)ghetto(2)wish we went out ( 3)talkative ( 4)sarcastic ( 5)loveable ( 6)crazy ( 7)iwant you ( 8)spoiled ( 9)great person ( 10)wild ( 11)funny ( 12)beautiful(13)mature ( 14)wish we dated ( 15)id take u home to mom ( 16)wish i hadyour # ... ( 17)wierd ( 18)honest ( 19)freak 
dominos takes forever to arrive 
damn im tired 
bored , any1 wanna chill 
beat , gonna relax then sleep early 
im sore , eat and sleep 
fuck i cnt sleep and so bored 
some1 txt me so im not as bored 
finaly got new phone 
so fucking pissed off right now 
haha breaking shit makes u feel a little better , if ur having a terrible day 
in such a better mood now 
holy fuck we have less then a month of summer left 
POKE me if you've ever had a crush on me ; LIKE this if you think im a good friend ; INBOX me if you ever wanted a relationship w . me ; COMMENT thisstatus if we had good memories together . now lets see whos brave 
apple store is awesome 
inception was fucking amazing 
this weekend was so fun 
fuck lightning , if i lose power im gonna be pissed 
sweet friday the 13th 
Copy this to your status and see what people rate you . ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish we went out ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) i want you ( 8 ) spoiled ( 9 ) greatparent ( 10 ) wild ( 11 ) funny ( 12 ) beautiful ( 13 ) mature ( 14 ) rude ( 15 ) faithful ( 16 ) wish I had ur number ( 17 ) wierd ( 18 ) honest ( 19 ) freak ( 20)sexy(21 ) I wana fuck you ( 22 ) friends 
99%\ 
of teenagers would cry if they saw < PROPFIRST > Bieber standing on top of a \ 
skyscraper about to jump . If you are the 1% sitting there with popcorn \ 
and 3D glasses , screaming \DO A BACK FLIP ! \ " 
damn so bored 
fuck almost school 
BORED 
bored , msg me if u wanna chill 
fuck i cnt sleep 
fuck school , only got one good class 
just woke up , some1 msg me to hangout 
Inbox only : tell me something you always wanted to tell me and i'll keep it between us . Post this as your status and see what you get 
I have a retarded bus driver 
finaly done with retarded chores , let me know if u wanna chill 
home finaly long day , gonna chill with bro 
just came home sore and tired to yelling 
any1 interested in some bows headphones ? 
new season of house is amazing 
tired , any1 watch the new ultimate fighter ? 
awesome day , had a lot of fun :D 
i h8 the fucking dentist 
not in a great mood 
in a fucking bad mood 
working out then idk , msg or txt me if u wanna chill 
pretty awesome 3 day weekend 
gah , so bored right now 
like this if u get long ass lectures from ur parents 
gah sorta bored , any1 wanna chill 
The Dentist Sucks So Much 
Eggnog !! 
Hungry and bored 
wanna listen to new music , any1 have suggestions 
fuck , school 
haha gr8 morning so far , just missed my bus 
awesome gotta new comp 
any1 wanna buy a ps3 ? 
yo any1 want a cheap ps3 original packing and 2 controllers 
went to blood cemetery tonight , was pretty cool 
It needs to be Thanksgiving Break already . 
ONLY . tell me something . you have always wanted to tell me . just \ 
between us . copy and paste this as your status and see what you get 
Beyond angry right now 
Awesome night 
I have no clue what to do today , let me know if u wanna chill 
Even on vacation ppl just have to start drama 
Why is every1 obsessed with tht dumb holiday stroll ? 
Last day of vacation , what to do 
fuck school 
Home earlier than i thought , now to eat and do hw 
So tired , good workout tho 
POKEme if you ever had a crush on me ... LIKE this status if you think I am agood friend ... MESSAGE me if you ever wanted to date me ... COMMENT if we ever had good memories ... Now lets see who's brave enough to COPY andPASTE this as their status ;) 
Yes Ultimate Fighter Finale on tonight 
Fuck cant sleep 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , toget better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer 
Gah mondays suck 
INBOX ONLY ! You and me should_______ before 2010 is over . Put this as your status and see what you get in your inbox 
Yo any1 wanna chill with me and my bro tonight , hit me up 
Fuck the god damn snow 
INBOX ONLY : 2010 is almost over . Confess something you have always wanted to tell me . It'll stay between the two of us , I promise . Put this as your status & see who surprises you 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to every1 
POKEme if you ever had a crush on me ... LIKE this status if you think I am agood friend ... MESSAGE me if you ever wanted to date me ... COMMENT if we ever had good memories ... Now lets see who's brave enough to COPY andPASTE this as their status .... ?.. 
Fuck school 
tired , might skip school tomorrow idk yet 
bored 
srry to every1 txting me , my phone isnt sending msgs for some dumbass reason 
yes msg finaly sent 
Cant sleep txt or msg me 
Fuck yea new tosh . 0 at 10 
new tosh . o was so damn hilarious 
to everyone who is calling for stricter gun laws in light of the tradedy in tuscan , may I offer this little tidbit : if guns kill people , then pencils misspell words , cars drive drunk , and spoons made oprah fat ! Remember : hold the person accountable for their actions , not the means they choose to utilize !!! repost if you agree . I did ! And stop the name calling game on both sides 
Looking for some new music any1 got any suggestions 
Fuck the damn snow , it needs to be summer 
No school tomorrow , haha means i went once this week 
Any1 who thinks we arnt having a snow day is dumb 
It's Niece's week !! If you have a beautiful niece that you love more than life it's self , copy and paste this to your wall . Your niece will hold your hand only for a little while , but will hold your heart for a lifetime . **.* Put this on your status if you have the most beautiful NIECE 
If any1 is interested in buying playstation 1 , 2 , or 3 games let me know 
Fuck school tomorrow and finals this week 
Anyone interested in a iphone 8gb 3rd generation , let me know 
Woot packers win 
So fucking angry right now im shaking 
I hope all the snow melts 
Why isnt it vacation yet ? 
No idea what to do , just in a sad mood 
Average person has 1,000 wishes . A military person has only one , to COME HOME SAFE . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please re-post this in their honor 
In such a happy mood right now 
Confused .. 
I have a personal reason for ASKING if everyone could please put this as their status for 1 hour . I know the ones that will !! Think of someone you know or love who has had cancer . My wish is that in 2011 a cure will be found . Will you post it for 1 hour . Do it for all !! There are too many to mention who have fought and are still fighting 
I dont know anymore ... 
Happy right now 
Really happy now , amazing day 
Had an awesome day with < PROPFEMALE > :D !! 
Yes ! Finally Friday tomorrow 
Fuck the snow ! 
