happy new every body !!! Hope you all had a great night !! i did !! 

I am extremely tires from a long , full , and very rewarding day of yard work . It's time to relax !!!!!! 
So looking forward to this weekend !!! PARTY !! PARTY !! PARTY !! 
Happy Father's Day all you dads !!!!! Have a wonderful day !!! 
my computer is all messed up !!! 
Going to beat the heat in the pool today !!!! 
A wedding , the fair , then the zoo !! What a great weekend !!! 
Just wondering why when I have a day to relax I cant because I just end up being bored !! 
i am really , really , tire of picking up legos !!!!!!!!!!! 
I can't wait to see the light shows in the sky !!! Happy Fourth of July to everyone !! Have a great weekend !! 
Excited to see more fireworks tonight out on Maceday Lake !!!!! 
After a very fun long weekend i am totally exhausted !! My bed is calling my name !!! 
It is looking like a great day to go to the beach or do something fun outside !! 
The sun , the pool , the water , the fun !!!! 
I think I may have got a little to much sun today !! I feel a little warm ! 
Is extremely tired from a wonderful bbq this evening with some very wonderful friends !! 
Is not very amused by how rude people can actually be !! 
is hoping this day goes by fast if it continues to go the way it did this morning !!! 
wishing i was back up in Traverse City !! It is such an amazing place !! 
Wondering what I should do today ? 
I am looking forward to having drinks with my < PROPFEMALE > m tonight !! 
Some days are really better then others !! I need a < PROPMALE > vacation far away from here !!! 
is feeling completely overwhelmed by some things right now !! I need that yucky feeling in my belly to just go away , say what i need to say , and just be done with it all !! 
Thank you everyone I had a wonderful birthday . ( From what I remember of it !!! ) 
Ready .... Set .... Go ...... Let the day begin !!!! 
is hoping today is a good day and tomorrow is a better one .......... 
Is thinking it is going to be a wonderful day to be at the pool with the boys !!! But wishing i was in California with my lil ' girl !! 
Is sitting here wishing I was in Las Vegas with my daughter !! But i am very glad she is there getting to see how cool of a place it is !! 
is grateful to have such great friends !! Thank you so much < PROPFEMALE > for the wonderful dinner and company this evening !! 
My little baby Cas is 2 today !! It seems like he was just born yesterday . I wish they didn't grow up so fast !! Happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
Is looking forward to hanging out with my mom today . She just got into town the other day and we have yet to have any girl time . 
There is no such thing as can't , only won't . If you're qualified , all it takes is a burning < PROPFEMALE > to accomplish , to make a change . Go forward , go backward . Whatever it takes . - < PROPFIRST > Ashford 
is tired of feeling like a cold is coming on and is wondering what is up with these darn hiccups today !! 
Sometimes it isjust better to to be the bigger person !! 
Is praying that my mother's surgery goes well today and also my good friend < PROPFEMALE>'s P.E.T scan comes out ok !! Lots of prayers their way !! 
Is just sitting here wondering how you teach your children how to handle defeat with grace ? < PROPMALE > lost his football game yesterday and it is so hard to look at his face when all you see is disapointment . He did cheer up a little bit when I bought him the $4.00 protein milk he wanted . Hopefully they win their next game so I can look at a happy face !!! 
I am asking all my FB friends to please say a prayer for my good friend < PROPFEMALE > !! Her PET scan results came back today and showed 5 spots of cancer in her abdominal area . She may have to go through chemo again , this will be her third time but her doctor is not sure if her body can withstand it . Please pray for them to find that something that is just going to make it not come back again . Thank you all so very much !! 
< PROPMALE>'s fun run at school today was well .... Fun !!! 
Let's go Lake Orion Dragons !!!! 
< PROPMALE>'s has his second to last football game today !!! Let's go Lake orion Oakview Middle School Dragons !!! 
So my 14 year old daughter has the Baby here from parenting class . It cries and you have to feed it , change , it and rock it to sleep . She just came out of her room to ask me if she can put it in the car tonight so she can get some sleep !! Are you kidding me !!! 
It is < PROPMALE>'s last football game today !! I am feeling a litlle bit sad that it is coming to an end . Go Oakview Dragons !!!! 
I sitting here being so proud of my < PROPMALE > because he got all A's this past semester and proud of Brit for passing all her classes !! 
I have the most crazy and misbehaved 2 year old ever !! Please lord give me a whole lot of < PROPFEMALE > !!!! 
What a good day today was !! Only if every Monday could be like this one !! 
Is very excited today because it is Britanee's 15th birthday !! Can't wait to go see New < PROPFEMALE > with her tonight !! Happy Birthday my beautiful daughter !! 
Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ( 93% Won't copy and paste this , will you ? ) 
Wondering why I can't just stick to a Christmas list !!! I just keep shopping and buying more and more !! I need to stop now !!! 
Is thinking enough is enough of pleasing people when in the end I am miserable !!! 
Let the cooking begin !!!! 
Well my list of things that will be changed for 2010 is growing longer and longer each day !! Good bye 2009 !! 
Describe me in 1 word , using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . This is fun . Answer me and then copy as your status and see what people say about you ! :) 
< PROPMALE > blue 
Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? know ? someone ? who ? has ? or ? had ? cancer ! ? All I wish for in 2010 is a CURE ! ? Dear God , I pray for the cure of cancer . Amen . ? 93% WON'T Copy and Paste this , will YOU 4 just one hour ? 
Is really bummed the kids had school today !! It would of been perfect for a day of sledding and hot chocolate !!! 
< PROPMALE > won the < PROPMALE > Hortons Ball Kid contest and now we are off to the Piston's game Friday where he gets to meet the players , have a tour of the locker room , and be the ball boy for the game . How Exciting !!! 
WHATEVER !!!!! 
Why is my two year old so crazy ?!?!?! 
I think the Piston's might need a little more practice before they decide to step out on the court again and embaress themselves like they did tonight ! 
Is praying for a speedy recovery and for my mom to come home from the hospital !!! 
Good news !!! My mom will hopefully be able to come home tomorrow after a few more doses of antibiotics !!! 
On urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste this as your status , and put the first entry for your name under comments . 
I am looking forward to hopefully what will be a relaxing weekend because there are no plans what so ever !!! Thank God !! 
Is in need of a vacation some where tropical !!! 
Due to the road conditions I may actually be able to get Cas into the Doctors due to cancelations !! He sounds like a seal when he coughs . Poor lil < PROPMALE > !! 
A very wonderful man who was a very good family friend lost his life yesterday to brain cancer . Please say a prayer for his wife < PROPFEMALE > and his daughter Kerri !! Also for all the people in my life who have beat cancer , who are currently fighting cancer , or who have lost there life to cancer . I think it is time to really stop and think about this epidemic . 
I am thinking that today is going to be a spectacular day !!! Bring on the sunshine !! 
Should I or not ? This is a question bouncing in my head like a beach ball . If I decide I should which I should , then I am going to have to really sit down and figure a ton of stuff out and get really organized !! Oh well either way it will be what it is suppose to be !! 
SO I landed this job today and they are going to let me work whenever I want and they are going to cross train me in three different areas so I can get all the days I want . Who could ask for more !! 
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend !!! I can't wait for next weekend when it is going to be warm and < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Time to get a tan !!! 
I am so happy to be just sitting at home relaxing and cooking a wonderful dinner for the kiddies !! I hope it stays nice because I sure do love the sun !! 
Oh my !! Some people are just so stupid !! 
I am praying my mom's surgery goes well today !!! She is on her fifth surgery and I hope she does not have to have anymore after this !! I am also asking everyone to please say a prayer for a very special person and a very special friend of mine who is going to start her fifth cycle of chemo for overian cancer . I hope this will be the last and she will be happy and healthy after this two year battle !!! 
I love my daughter Britanee Morgan-Rae Hills ! 
Happy Mother's day to all of the wonderful and outstanding mothers !! 
I am so proud that my < PROPMALE > will be a member of the National < PROPMALE > Honors Society for this upcoming school year !! Way to go < PROPMALE > !! 
My brother had a yellow scorpion run across the sink at work while he was washing his hands !!! Hmmmm I wonder where that came from seeing we live in Michigan !!! 
I am so excited that today is the last day of school for everyone !! Summer is officially here in my world !! 
I am so proud of < PROPMALE > for playing so well in the championship game for his baseball league !! They took second place !! Job well done !! I am also so proud of my Brit for making the choice to go to cosmetology school this summer !! I have the best children ever !! 
My poor < PROPMALE > has to have surgery tomorrow morning to fix his finger !! He is sooooo scared !! 
< PROPMALE > did great through his little surgery and is at home resting really well right now thanks to all the pain killers !! Thank you to everyone for all of your wonderful thoughts and wishes !! 
Thank you everyone for all of the wonderful birthday wishes !! xoxo 
~ ? To all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , Salon haircuts for ponytails , Long showers for quick showers , Late nights for early mornings , Designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change anything . Lets see how many moms re post this . Moms who don't care ...... about whatever they gave up , instead LOVE what they get in return . Re post this if you LOVE your kids . 
My little girl Britanee is going to register for her < PROPMALE > year in high school today !! Where did all this time go ? It seems just like yesterday she was just starting grade school !! They grow up way too fast . 
My baby boy Cas is 3 today !!! It seems like it was just yesterday that I was carrying him around in my belly !! SO Happy Birthday little one !! 
I really hate it when I am backing up and I think there is nothing behind me and then BAM !!! :( 
I really couldn't sleep last night because all I wondered was how injured does someone have to be from some stupid bully at school for the school to do anything about . It's been going on since the second day of school yet they say they need to catch the kid in the act before they can do anything . So this means my kids has to be hurt yet again but a teacher has to witness it for any actions to take place . 
Later I will be off to Kid Rock's Halloween party !! I hope my costumes comes together like I have it visioned in my head !!! 
i love my britty and her boyfrannnnd < PROPMALE > English . getting ready to parrrrtayyy ! 
I am a very proud mommy !! All my kids report cards were great !! < PROPMALE > did a wonderful job and has a 3.85 gpa !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone !! I am extremely thankful and blessed to have everything that I have !! My children and my family are the best !! 
Happy Birthday my dear < PROPMALE > !! I have been blessed beyond blessed to have a son like you !! I love you with all my heart !! 
Fourteen years ago today my son < PROPMALE > came into this world and blessed me beyond belief . He is the most handsome , smart , caring fourteen year old I have ever set my eyes upon . I love you < PROPMALE > and thanks for being a huge blessing in my life !!! xoxo 
So you ask ... Do I work ? Uh yes , I work 24 hours a day . Why ? Because I am a Mom . I am an alarm clock , a cook , a maid , a teacher , a nanny , a nurse , a handyman , a security officer , a judge/jury , a photographer , a counselor , a chauffeur , an ATM , a jungle gym & a comforter . I don't get holidays , sick pay or days off . I work through the DAY & ... NIGHT . I am on call at ALL hours . 
< PROPFEMALE > Sims is starting a new program called Circle of Friends for special needs students and my 7 year old < PROPMALE > was selected to join the program because of his leadership skills , positive role modeling , and acceptance of all students . I am so proud of him !! Way to go < PROPMALE > !! 
I'm so over everything !!! 
Never regret . If it's good , it's wonderful . If it's bad , it's experience . 
