it sure has been such a long weekend . Family came down last night and it was my daughter < PROPFIRST > Birthday , and today we had her bday party out by the beach and a playground . she had a great bday and thank to all the friends that were there . you guys are be 

gotta get new tire cause i had a blow out last night . but getting 4 new tires and rims for 200 and it is 32x 11.50 -15 . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Here we come ... the girls are coming in ... hell yeah ... see yall at 9pm ... 
last night was fun but to much to drink ... lucky to make it home ... but then i started feeling like shit when started to lay down . damn that last Jello shot really hit me . 
got a long day tomorrow ... going up river tomorrow morning ... 
damn rain ... to bad we didnt get to go out on the water . 
rain rain and more rain ... when will this rain go away so JJ can work on his boat . 
just sitting at home relaxing ... had a good time yesterday with my good friends . 
ok think i put up enough picture for tonight ... got more of most recent picture ... i gonna put more on some other time 
getting ready to go to bed ... still waiting on my love to call me so I can tell him goodnight and that i love him very much ... missing him already ... got alot of stuff done today and i am getting tired ... so he better hurry up and call me ... lol 
going to bed ... good night to all my awsome friends . play some more mobster tomorrow ... 
getting off here for the night ... gotta watch the new series of NCIS . love this show ... nighty night to all my awsome friend ... you know who you are ... 
just got done feeding the family ... 
sitting at home now ... i be 26 tomorrow ... dont think i will be doing anything this year ... except being with my family ... 
today is my birthday ... sitting at home working on truck ... probably going to < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > later ... 
sitting at home about to get stuff ready for tomorrow ... going up river to the rope swing ... well good night everyone and talk to you all tomorrow 
goodnight everyone ... going to bed early tonight ... been a long week and it is still not over ... well goodnight to all my good friends and you know who you are ... talk to you all tomorrow ... goodnight my friend 
aight i am caught up on everything ... going to bed early tonight ... wore out from camping up river and kyiaking . but it sure was a crazy night ... lol ... for real ... goodnight all my friends ... 
good night to all my awsome friend ... going to bed early tonight ... been a long day ... but talk you guys tomorrow ... you know who you are ... sleep tight and sweet dream ... 
just got done moving stuff around in my home ... i like how i did it ... well i be leaving here shortly to get my daughter from bus and my love JJ from work then heading down to my awsome friends place . I see you guys shortly ... 
sitting at my dads visiting for the weekend ... missing my love JJ already ... and about to go to bed ... have a long day tomorrow . 
back home from my dad ... got home and now i am running 102.7 temp . i guess that what i get for spending all my time with my baby nephew kaycin ... and of coarse he was sick to ... 
sitting at home waiting JJ to call when he is back from camping ... i am feeling better thanks god ... i hate being sick ... 
laying down with my love and watching < PROPFIRST > brown with the girls ... 
need stolen necklace or forged title please for mobster 2 .... nothing else please 
getting ready to leave here soon to get my daughter from bus and pick up my love from work ... than heading to our friend 
just got back from taking < PROPFIRST > to doctor to get referral for audioligist to get hearing test done on her ... doctor also says she needs eye check again to ... grrr ... i cant afford to go back to fort myers ... already having to take her to dentist in Naple because she is fearful ... 
decided to stay home a relax today ... plus we are upset that we left 2 quart of paint and the battery turmenal ... bought it friday and realize today that we left it at the checkout and they dont wanna help us out ... they decide to just screw us out of 20 dollars ... 
about to get ready to go take my Daughter < PROPFIRST > to the dentist in Naples ... hour and half drive ... well talk to you guys later ... 
finally got back the Naples about an 1 hour ago ... but got to go back again in december ... 
i need stolen necklace ... please help ... willing to return gift ... let me know what you need thanks 
Happy Birthday Mom ... RIP < PROPFEMALE > Hinds ... Love and miss you bunch ... wish you were still around ... 
Happy Birthday Mom ... RIP < PROPFEMALE > Hinds ... Love and miss you bunch ... wish you were still around ... 20 more days will be 10 years since she died ... 
i need stolen necklace please my mob family help me out ... thanks 
Happy Aniversary to my wonderful friend < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > , happy birthday to my best friend < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > and to my sister in-law < PROPFEMALE > ... Hope you are had a wonder time ... Love you guys 
my sister and my dad are going to be on the < PROPMALE > wilko show tomorrow 
just got to my dad house ... waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to be here at 5 ... spending a little time with my kacin boy 
sitting here at home ... been a long busy day at home ... but sure do enjoy the new look in my room and is not so crowded in here ... love my desk too ... jj's mom is happy about her carport ... she got space for her stuff ... 
sitting at home rain rain rain 
going up river tomorrow morning ... got along day and it is gonna be great ... goodnight to all my family and friend ... 
wishing that nothing goes wrong again but dont think that will ever happen 
happy mother's to all the wonderful mother out there ... 
just sitting at home with a severe headache ... feels like my head is about to explode ... this is the worst headache i have ever felt .... 
well getting ready to have ribeye for dinner ... my head still hurt so i will find out for sure what it is in the morning ... well i am done with facebook for today be back tomorrow ... 
just got home from the doctor and still feeling like shit ... my head still hurts like hell ... hopefully this sinus infection will go away ... 
Good morning everyone ... Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > and hope it going good so far ... am feeling better at least my head dont hurt anymore ... Going onto 7 days with absolute no cigerett ... 
just got back from great weekend just so wore out ... got some sun ... 
finally got 4 brand new tires on my truck ... now got to move on to the next step on my truck ... 
happy birthday cuz < PROPFIRST > .... sorry i was late 
just got home from kyiaking up river to rope swing ... had a good time ... < PROPFEMALE > had a good time ... she was the only one .. couldnt find a babysister ... might have one next weekend .... 
sitting here at home now trying to enjoy life ... wish life would be easier ... 
sitting here waiting on fedex to get here with the coil for JJ's boat so we can test drive it tomorrow and hopefully go out on the big water and knee board ... love having great times with my family and awsome friends ... you know who you are 
oh god i am so beat down from the beach water on the tube and knee board ... i am burnt but sure will have a good tan 
been a very long hot day ... got home took a shower and kids bath and dinner in the oven ... having something easy tonight ... then going to bed early and then heading for another long busy hot day ... 
just got back home now i am about to go mow the yard ... at least part of it cause i still gotta cook dinner too .. 
just relaxing now ... got the kids laid down watching a movie enchanted ... it about a cartoon < PROPFEMALE > who had to live \reallife\ " movie ... " 
omg ... kids are driving me insane ... come on daytona hurry up and get here ... I am ready to enjoy my weekend with no kids finally for the first time in 3 years .... 
getting ready to go to bed ... i have a long day tomorrow ... going to the beach with my family ... you guys are all like family to me too ... it sure has been a great couple of years ... been a long time since i had some real fun time ... you know who i am talking to ... 
goodmorning everyone ... yesterday was a very long fun day ... didnt get home till almost 11 last night ... went to the beach with my awsome family and friends ... and had dinner at < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... I guess I gave everyone an awsome show at the beach with me on the tube ... it was awsome but my back is killing me ... love you guys 
good night to my family and friends ... gotta take my love to work at 6am so i guess i am gonna try to get me some sleep ... nighty night ... 1 month and 8 days till daytona trip 
A strong woman is one who feels deeply and loves fiercely ... Her tears flow just as abundanty as her laughter ... A strong woman is both Practical and Spiritual ... A strong woman in her essence .... Is a gift to the world !!! \ 
Loved this quote so much I stole it from my aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Aunt Shell for all to see . 
well goodnight everyone ... gotta get up very early tomorrow ... also i cannot believe my daughter is going to be 7 years old Sunday the 4th of july ... we will be out by harbor all weekend ... 
about to go to my friend < PROPFEMALE > and hangout with her ... my love wont be back home still tomorrow ... i gonna miss you babe ... love you bunch ... 
yay change of plan my love is coming back home tonight ... but he will be leaving again in the morning .. but coming back 
Happy 4th July everyone and Happy Birthday to my Daughter < PROPFIRST > she will be 7 tomorrow . We will be out in the water all day and having a wonderful time ... everyone be safe and have fun ... because i know i sure will ... 
Good night family and friend ... I will see you all that know where we will be ... you all know who you are ... Gotta get up bright early so night night ... love my family and wonderful friend ... you know who you are ... 
good night everyone getting ready for bed ... just got home and had a wonderful time ... i will put pictures up tomorrow ... didnt really take to much cause i was having to much fun to take pictures ... i love my family ... thank you everyone for joining us tonight ... and thanks for everyone who help out ... glad my daughter had a great birthday ... goodnight 
get ready for another long week ... 1 month and 1 day for my vacation away from my kids and to finally get to see my best friend again ... These last couple of years has been the best years of my life ... I have my wonderful love , my kids , my families ( that includes those who I consider as family ) 
lovin my life and the things I do ... love my kids but all mom should deserve a break once in a while ... I love my man he is so wonderful , i am very lucky to have someone love me like he does ... Love my families ... love the people i call family ... you are all great 
just got done mowing the lawn ... it sure is hot at heck out there .. 
getting ready to go camping tonight ... going have another great weekend ... will take some picture ... talk to you all Monday ... 
change of plans ... decided not to go camping today cause it is to nasty out there ... well i am now about to go to bed just wanted to say good night to all my people 
just got from up river ... had a blast today ... got a bunch of pictures that i am about to put up ... hope you guys enjoy the pic ... 
24 more days till party time in daytona with my BFF for her aunt < PROPFEMALE > Bday .... wish the days would hurry up ... 
Just got home and cook dinner ... comes to realize < PROPFEMALE > did not want to eat ... that was so not her ... i went to pick her up and she was burning up ... checked her tempature ... my baby got high fever ... gave her medicine ... aww now both our babies < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > are sick ... God why is this happening to our babies ... 
If u r brave , copy this 2 ur status and c what ppl rate u . 1 . crazy 2 . wish we went out 3 . talkative 4 . sarcastic 5 . lovable 6 . sexy 7 . strong 8 . dumb 9 . spoiled 10 . mouthy 11 . wild 12 . goofy 13 . funny 14 . awesomely awesome 15 . amazing 16 . wierd 17 .... hot 18 . pretty 19 . best friend 
i highlighted and cut my hair last night ... it turn out good ... 
got 1 week and 4 days and I am so excited that I will get to see my BFF again and that I will finally get the break I need from my kids ... well going to bed so goodnight FB 
WISH HEAVEN HAD A PHONE SO I COULD HEAR YOUR VOICE AGAIN I THOUGHT OF YOU TODAY , BUT THAT IS NOTHING NEW I THOUGHT ABOUT YOU YESTERDAY , AND DAYS BEFORE THAT TOO . I THINK OF YOU IN SILENCE , I OFTEN SPEAK YOUR NAME . ALL I HAVE ARE MEMORIES AND A PICTURE IN A FRAME . YOUR MEMORY IS A KEEPSAKE , FROM WHICH I'LL NEVER PART . GOD HAS YOU IN HIS ARMS . I HAVE YOU IN MY HEART . RE-POST IF YOU LOVE SOMEONE IN HEAVEN . RIP my mom 11/28/99 
6 more days till my vacations with my BFF and < PROPFEMALE > \21st\ " bday ... we are getting closer ... Daytona fasten your seatbelt because we are about to bring one hell of a great party ... lol I am so excited .... But I will miss my kids and most of all the love of my life JJ ... " 
4 more days baby . we are getting closer daytona beach . I am so ready to head out know . but gotta wait ... I am gonna have one hell of a fun vacations . will have lunch with my two wonderful aunts , party with my bff < PROPFEMALE > , my awsome friend < PROPFEMALE > , and celebrate < PROPFEMALE>'s never ending 21st bday . I will finally get to get the break i need from my kids after a long and hard and stressful years ... 
3 more days babe ... we are gonna have so much blast ... 
leaving tomorrow morning to head to daytona beach ... us girls are going to have a one awsome vacation ... It is so going to be worth it ... I will miss my kids and my love but i am getting some time to myself with my girls .... 
good night everyone going to try to get some sleep ... just so excited for my trip to daytona and lunch with my aunts ... I will get to see my < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > again ... getting up early for a big weekend .. be back monday night ... 
back home from daytona beach ... we had a good time ... it was great ... all of it ... it was well worth it ... I did miss my family but I really did enjoy the time away I had . gonna put pic up sometime ... 
Post ? this ? on ? \ 
someone's ? wall ? who ? made ? you ? smile ? somewhere , ? sometime ? in\ 
? your ? life . ? It ? may ? surprise ? you ,? but ? check ? out ? how ? \ 
many ? come ? back . ? Thanks ? a ? lot ? for ? making ? me ? smile . 
Happy Bday to my step-son < PROPFIRST > ... he sure is having a wonderful time . Wish we could celebrate with you . 
At the age of 4 : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn’t really know everything . At 14 : Mom doesn’t know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn’t exist . At 18 : She’s old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe Mom does know about this ! At 35 : Before we decide , let’s ask Mom . At 45 : I wonder ... what Mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask my Mom about this . Post this if you have the best Mom in the world . 
well got back from the denist at 6:30 pm . appt was 3:00 . they fix four of my teeth . I am glad I got that taken care of . 
Goodnight Facebook . I guess i am gonna go lay down . My mouth is extremely hurting and I dont think that is normal when you get a filling . But maybe with 4 teeth done at 1nce . 
I love all of my family no matter what . Always will love them . We all have done terrible things . Sometime you may not always believe something that can be true . But it is not worth arguing about and loosing your family over it . To everyone that is my true blood can we please just forget about the past and just move to the future . . I am trying to focus more into moving into the future . 
Happy Birthday to my Baby girl < PROPFEMALE > . She is now 3 years old . My baby is growing . Having her party sunday morning . 
Today was my daughter < PROPFEMALE > 3rd Birthday . Going tomorrow to get everything together and the Sunday we are going out on the water to celebrate . Something she enjoys doing most . 
good night everyone . got my daugther's big day tomorrow . going out on boat . got to get up bright early . night night 
just got home ... kids are so wore out . < PROPFEMALE > had a great bday . Took a few pic . We all had such wonderful time ... I do everytime . Didnt get to knee board and stuff cause it was to shallow . I love the wonderful people I am with . We always have a blast . . 
Happy Bday < PROPMALE > ... I love you very much ... hope you have a wonderful bday . you are now 10 years old ... 
Sunday September 5 my cousin lost her precious baby boy . < PROPFEMALE > I am so sorry about your little boy . I will pray and hope God to take precious care of your baby boy . Again cuz i am so sorry ... 
RIP Angel Noberto Fradera . my little baby cousin who passaway sept 5 . Please pray for my cousin < PROPFEMALE > and her family . She is going through a very tough stituation here . 
Loved you the minute I knew I was pregnant . I loved you the minute you were born . Then I saw your face and fell in love some more . You were only a minute old & I knew I would die for you & to this day I still would ? When you choose to have a child you make a conscious decision to allow your heart to walk around outside ...... your body ? Put this on your status if you have a child you love more than life ..! REPOST 
well later FB going to get clean up and get ready for my special night with my wonderful love tonight . He is taking me out for my Bday ... I love you babe and we are going to have a wonderful alone time tonight ... 
thanks to all my wonderful family and friend for the bday wishes ... I had a blast last night with my love . I really did enjoy my bday . I love you all and will enjoy the rest of bday . 
having another alone weekend with my love and again no kids this weekend ... This is something me and my wonderful love needs ... we havent had our alone time in like 5 years ... last weekend for my bday was the first alone time we had .. We sure do love each other so very much ... going on 8 years together ... well later facebook ... and love all my wonderful family and friends ... you know who you are ... 
good morning facebook ... my love and I had a wonderful weekend together ... this was something we needed ... I love you very much JJ and I am very lucky to have you in my life . Just like you are lucky to have me in your life ... 
* PLACE OF BIRTH : Everyone please play ! It will be fun to learn where all your FB friends were born . Copy and paste this to your status with your place of birth ... colorado spring , colorado 
happy halloween everyone ... hope everyone got loaded up on candies ... lol my girls did good ... got 4 gallon bags full of < PROPFEMALE > ... 
going camping tonight on the river ... spending some more time with my love and no kids ... it is going to be a great weekend for sure ... lovin my life and the people who are in it ... 
Happy thanksgiving everyone and enjoy your big meal . 
I will finally get my pretty smile back in about 3 month . Wishing i can enjoy my life right now but things are very tough right now . I am hoping my bestest friend get a weekend off and comes and visit me I need you homegirl . Hope everyone is ready for christmas because i am not . This is probably gonna be my kids worst christmas . 
What is going on here ... why is florida getting so cold . woke up this morning and every window on my truck had solid ice on it . it seem like every year it get colder or hoter ... maybe one day it will snow in florida ... lol 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas everyone . my kids loves all of their gifts . thank you everyone who had help me get through this month . love all my family and friends ... hope everyone else day goes good ... 
please pray for my mother-inlaw . She is having some kind of problem with her heart . I hope she is going to be ok . I dont know what JJ and < PROPFEMALE > would without her . It would really tear is heart if he loses his mom . Going back to see her when JJ gets off work . We are all getting so worry and hope that she is going to be ok . 
COPY THIS TO YOUR STATUS AND SEE WHAT PEOPLE RATE YOU , - 1 . Violent - 2 . I'd marry you - 3 . Sexy - 4 . Beautiful - 5 . Experienced - 6 . Hot - 7 . Fit - 8 . Funny - 9 . Fun - 10 . Weird - 11 . I love you - 12 . Miss you - 13 . You're awesome - 14 . crazy - 15 . best friend - 16 . great friend - 17 . nice - 18 . Kind Hearted .. 
Please keep my friend summer and her family in your thoughts . Her brother's wife and son were killed in a tragic car accident and their daughter is in the hospital . We love you Summer and if you need anything while you are here just give us a call ! 
to all my family and friend ... please pray for my dad who is in the hospital and is going to surgery tomorrow morning . He has a blockage in the leg . I just pray that the surgery goes good . Happy Birthday Dad and please get well . I love you so much . 
my life is going to be getting much better ... we will finally get to be happy and my kids will be happy .. something good is finally gonna happen 
If I have curves , I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what i think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled .. So what , go ahead and label me , see if i give a shit . Repost this if you're proud of who you are :) 
going to see my bestest friend and my wonderful family tomorrow ... it been almost a year since i seen them . I love you all and see you all this weekend ... 
ATCHOO !!!........? (-???•?) ?....... If you're allergic to bull **** , drama , head games , liars and 2-faced people , keep this sneeze going ... 
Had a great weekend with my famiy . Thank everyone for being there . I love u all very much . Grandparent thank u for the wonderful gift . Shell thank u for taking us to bush garden and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > thank u for the tickets . < PROPFEMALE > thank u for the gift . dad < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > Thank u for coming . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , I wish u could have been there . But I still love u . < PROPFEMALE > I love n miss u very much . 
Well goodnight facebook , gotta big weekend for the time of my life to start . I am so happy that i am finally going to get to live my life for the best . Finally beable to get somewhere that me and my family need to be .. i will be off the computer for about a week maybe less . To all my family and friend here i am truly gonna miss you all . 
