very sun burnt ! PS : The island in the middle of lake balinger is on fire . 

wondering about some things :) 
is confused 
Very happy about how life is going :) 
:) had a fun time at the zoo , 
Had fun swimming :) Now chillin thinking about what to do 
is leaving for camp tomorrow . Chillen with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > . 
Leaving in the morning for camp , bored and cant sleep 
Just got back from camp ! 
going back to work :) 
back from hanging with people and beths cafe ... Tired . 
Got done earning some money and now has bumper shoot tickets for last day ! Gunna chill with people and see Inglorious Bastards midnight showing . 
Just listening to the new stuff on my ipod . Thinking about what to do today . 
back from the mountains 
bumpershoot 
Just got back from bumpershoot . Saw everything on the mainstage . Pretty awesome stuff :) 
just got home from hanging out with people :) good stuff 
Just got home :) Had a pretty good day 
just got back from < PROPFEMALE > garden and katies birthday 
Got a new puppy !!! Pure English settler 
... Yeah , new dog just peed on my bed ... Late night laundry time . My favorite 
Chillin with Rocko 
I need some opinions , Rocko or Rosckoe ? My puppies name 
Cant wait for zombie land . Looks great 
Saw zombieland , awesome . 
Plans to go shooting today fell through . Time to find something else t do . 
Went rock climbing , more fun then i thought it would be :) 
Tired . Wants to go rock climbing :) 
Just ran my dogs to hickman park and back , got an 8 hour shift tonight 
Its supposed to rain for the next few days ... Sucks 
awesome day at work for once :) 
Tired , 8 hour shift . Got time and half but tired as all hell ... 
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO tired ... 
Cant sleep , listening to some tunes . 
Just brought Roesco for a really long walk in the rain . 
Roesco ate baby jesus out of my moms plastic thing ... 
Is sick :( 
Got two sp-1050 merantz speakers for free with an amp ! Gatta make a trip to radio shack to make em work . 
Thanks giving was cool , chillin with < PROPMALE > and rocko 
Messed up my knees and ribs at fire night . got a concussion and passed out :) 
Happy new year ! Back from campin . 
Book of < PROPMALE > is an awesome movie !!! 
Mom got hurt playing duck duck goose at school by some giant kid in her class . Really random . 
Pumped for the show at studio 7 tonight ! 
Just got an amazing guitar amp from my uncle ! 
Got back from rock climbing , fun but fingers hurt . 
Going to bellingham tommorow !!! 
Back in town . Amost sighned up for spring classes ! 
Got a hair cut , now work time ! 
Downloaded Audacity , one step closer to myspace songs ! 
Midgets Vrs Mascots , Funniest movie I have seen in years . 
Is going to see get down < PROPMALE > on wednesday at studio 7 !! 
Just got back from the show at studio seven . Get down < PROPMALE > cancelled but the black squares were awesome ! 
Great day . Looking at quotes and watching zombie land 
Where are my cleates !!! 
Im now playing football for the snohomish vikings ! 
Back from deception pass , < PROPMALE > got himself his new ranger . 
So glad im back in football . Time to make some law abiding violence ! 
Work .... Ugh ... 
Just got home from work . I cleaned the most vile reaches of the meat departmen ; An area untouched for years . It was a Tragedy ! Now for school at 8:30 ! 
8 hour shift on a saturday :( 
Just got back from joeys musician/birthday party , Good times haha 
Do i look like i should be one of the guys in a budlight commercial ? 
8 and 1/2 hour shift ... Not looking forward to being stuck in costco for that long on such a nice day ! 
My computer broke :( 
The newspaper says Dio died :( 
Today was a great day ! 
Where has the sun gone ?!?! It gives me hope ... 
Just went out shopping with < PROPFIRST > , got a nice guitar pod . Time to jam 
Ahhh bon fires , I need to go to more . 
Finals are done !! 
Goin camping wednesday !! 
Had a great night haha , < PROPMALE > is the man . and Arya . 
I havent been night fishing since last summer ... That needs to change 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > , And Roescoe 
Blew up a car muffler at the river . Good times . 
Just got back from climbing a mountain 
Red dead redemption ; if only I met you sooner ! Time to waste some glorious hours on this . 
Farcry is the worst movie of all time ... 
Done with work !! Why do little kids always think im so cool ? 
Got my dog out , went swimmin , saw people . Good day off ! 
Wild waves and a new sunburn . Hoorah . 
Working on houses again , I missed working outside . 
Mowed a lawn in the morning mist :) Gettin ready for Seattle . 
Sick of the sickly things that people make me sick of . Wheres the love ? It needs some bombs to be constructed in the confines of its own inter-being , intertwined to agree with lies outside of this giant slice of pie . - know what I'm sayin ? 
Machete was brutal and amazing . I could see it again . 
Its been a great night . People are being chill once again and peace has been restored . 
ANARCHY BURGER ! HOLD THE GOVERNMENT ! 
\I don't want to end up a cartoon in a cartoon grave yard \"" 
Just started reading the Hagakure ! 
\Well the devils apprentice who gave me some credit 
Just bought a beautiful acoustic bass and a guitar-banjo hybrid . I feel like it was a worthy purchase . 
My Gecko < PROPMALE > died ... He lived for 15 long years . Rest in peace little < PROPMALE > . 
Hmmm Pirate Metal seems to be an actual genre , or at least that is what Pandora is telling me 
WHERE ARE MY CLEATS !?! I think they got donated ... Sorry guys I'll be out next week with some . 
When I'm an old man I want to play my guitar on my back porch . Then I'll sing till my dentures fall on out . The neighbors will love me . 
Last minute Halloween costume - Complete success 
Just a leanin ' on my shovel in a grave yard of dreams . 
Ran a few < PROPMALE > in the rain only to find my hand had turned orange . The dye in < PROPMALE>'s fake leather leash is now also all over his back . Taiwan I blame you . 
Finally learning how to read music and covering myself in theory . Might as well reach higher and higher . 
Roescoe just ate rat poison ... :( Ran him to the vet and left him in the care of the doctor . 
I am now the proud owner of an accordion ! How do I play this thing ?... 
I was preparing my beard just for this snow , and it works perfectly . 
Any good bands I should check out Y'all ? 
Goin to < PROPFEMALE > :D 
Now a proud owner of a trumpet and ukelele for freeeeeeeee !! It's feelin like a < PROPFEMALE > of collection . 
Just dropped off < PROPFEMALE > :) Should be a good day ahead of me . 
Just got back from camping at the river with a morning full of rain . 
Ugh ... 
Feeling the pains of falling on a snowboard for most of the day , good times . 
< PROPFEMALE > Bacon Ice cream !?!? 
Overcrowded basement show FTW !!! 
The seahawks eighth punt of the day so far . :/ No bueno . 
Finally have a board , boots and bindings . 
First day of HVAC school , not bad . Learning the systems . 
12.02.2011 - Seattle , WA - El Corazonv / USA\ 
Finntroll ! :D 
I'm bored , can't sleep and you tube guitar solos have gotten boring fast . 
Tooooo muuuuccchhh metallll , ears will ring for days o . 0 
Finally feeling like I'm not going to die from sickness , buuuut just found out my grandma died :( 
Uuuugh , can't sleep for stupid reasons . :( Gettin up at six to go work on some small unit mechanics . 
Tiresome day . D: Lovin my class , tomorrow gettin up early to switch out a stuck compressor for one we have to mod for the system ! :D Hooray for free labor !!! 
I suppose stupid is what stupid does , right ? 
Gah ! The sickness came back !!! The bane of my existence . :( 
