Term GPA fall 2009 3.769 woohoo 

has internet on her laptop ...... finally 
9 hours at work = death sentance by torture 
why can't i find a map of the campus 
ok it's official flcc wants me to get lost on my first day .... they don't have a map posted anywhere that schools huge compared to redjacket i don ; t weven know where my classes are 
wondering if i'll ever be able to control even my computer let alone my own life 
the more i re read twilight the more mad i get at the movie they left so much out 
thinking about going to florida with < PROPMALE > this january to meet his grandparents .... i'm so excited i can't wait for january to be here 
just got home from taking mommom to eye doctors .... resting till work at 4 
excited about girls day today 
going up to flcc with aunt < PROPFEMALE > .... gonna try and find my class rooms so i don't getlost then over to walmart to pick up supplies for dinner sunday ... then work at 4 
cleaning my room doing amazing amounts of laundry i.e. almost all my sheets ... then shower and rest till work at 4 
absolutely exhausted probably heading to bed early tonight .... school on tuesday only 2 more days 
school what can i say it's tiring 
stats class till 11:00 then homework .... movie night with < PROPMALE > tonight can't wait .... hoping no more fights i don't think i can handle them but we'll see .... way too tired to be functioning maybe a napb before the movie 
stats now then out to lunch with < PROPFEMALE > ... homework and bowling toinight with < PROPMALE > ... maybe a nap in there somewhere too if i have time 
so very proud of lizzi ...... mr. b . told me she has carried on the tradition of picking on him for not matching 
feeling kinda cruddy headache mild fever and my throat hurts but as long as i stay medicated with cold meds i feel better ... hoping it doesn't get worse tommorow 
homework than work 3-8 then more homework and hopefully enough sleep tonight lol 
statistics cancelled , got the lawn raked , my calendar set , homework almost done , feeling pretty good right now , can't wait to see < PROPMALE > when he gets off and < PROPFEMALE > with him tonight and tomorrow with no guilt about not doing homework 
sick yet again think i may have a cold or something but hoping it's better by tomorrow i really don't want to miss school or work missing church and probably youth group tonight which sucks but i don't want to get anyone sick 
being sick sucks ... think i'm gonna go to the doctor's today or tommorrow to see what it is ..... stupid sick bug it should be illegal 
doctor's at 1:30 hoping they tell me it's just a cold 
ordered to stay home ... feeling better just a slight sore throat .... hating that i have to send a third day in the house ... you know it's bad when a trip to the doctor's office and x < PROPFIRST > are the highlights of your week so far 
gonna go to bed , games done sabres 1 to 0 win ... woot .... work at 9 in the morning time to sleep 
9 days till i'm 19 WOOT 
class tilll 12 work 3-8 means i'm getting close to 20 hours instead of the 7 i was origianlly scheduled for woot woot 
busy weekend class at 11 then lunch w/ < PROPFEMALE > and mommom , shopping with < PROPFEMALE > ( new pants woot ) home maybe a nap beofer i pick up < PROPMALE > for bowling and work at 8-4 tommorrow then homework , maybe some rest church and sunday school sunday ( if i don't have to cover < PROPFIRST>'s shift ) hopefully taking the car to get looked at maybe more new pants , then possibly some rest before i have to start it all over again lol 
classes , homework , then out with < PROPMALE > tonight for birthday .... can't wait so far turning out to be a great day 
Try this while you're on Facebook : On your keyboard , press UP , UP , DOWN , DOWN , LEFT , RIGHT , LEFT , RIGHT , B , A , ENTER . Then scroll around . Refresh/reload to get rid of it .......... courtesy of < PROPFIRST > 
has an ipod :) 
http://spreadsheets.google.com/viewform?formkey=dHZ1TkNmU2c3N3FMSVBSTzgwZk9uTEE6MA please take this survey it's for my stats class the 3 digit code you need is 415 
just got home form er with < PROPMALE > got into another fender bender and he got hurt .... he's ok but he hurt his leg really stressed and high strung gonna try and get some sleeptonight and see how that works 
really tirede but good news is i registered for my classes too bad one of the classes is filled i'm on the wait list but i'm hoping i'll get in 
finally got pictures from myspace on here 
heading off to accounting finished research paper since my first class was ccancelled feeling pretty accomplished :) 
I FOUND THE BUTTON GAME !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
waiting for first class to start at 9 then heading home to nap hopefully since stats is cancelled 
weird not being at bowling but still watching the hockey game ( which is tied ) .... thogh i might be able to get more sleep before work tomorrow lol 
really wish people would stop fighting i hate hearing it and then they way people talk about it to others they never tell the whole story maybe not on purpose but still it kinda stinks that they keep it up why can't they just get along 
ok it's officially bed time i'm really tired let's hope the puppy doesn ; t let me know that i'm still in bed every hour tonight 
home form work so amazingly tired and sore but the good news is i raised 87 dollars fro < PROPFIRST > mcdonald house so all in all a good day 
ok so learning how to knit is officially hard :( 
so far not a good day my toe really hurts :( 
i have the entire first floor of the library to myself woo hoo 
i think this might officially be the best day of my life :) 
guess what happens when i just typed an outline due in about 20 minutes and my computer freezes .... HEART ATTACK .... luckily i was able to recover it but still 
well off to clean the car should be fun wish me luck with not killing the little blonde one i don't know what possesed e to say she coiuld come over 
new hoodie = AMAZING 
i hate snow it should go away now and never come back :( 
study strats final today no stats class work at 3 , just waiting for it to be tomorrow so i can see < PROPMALE > again 
2 more stats clases 2 more accounting and 2 more business classes than no more schoold till < PROPFIRST > 25th so excited 
finals are over i officially survived my first semester of college 
work at 3 but the good news is i got to sleep in today i love not having to go to school 
got my christmas present from my mom and dad and i love it thank you guys i love you 
home from work , time for hoodie , food and bed most likely in that order i'm exhausted 
ok i officially hate winter snow is evil absolutely totally and completly evil 
florida tomorrow i can't wait to get there and see everyone it's going to be an amazing trip 
got back from dad's it was an amazing few days i miss everyone already , starting to plan a return trip in the summer i can't wait to see everyoine again love you all 
got back in a few ohurs ago way too cold here and i miss everyone i think i wanna go back to florida now 
sometimes i think working at mcdonalds is like being permanently on a treadmill with someone standing beside ou whacking you on the head with a mallet 
early morning rain on the way to school ... * sigh * .... well i suppose it's better than snow 
yay fianlly figured out how to change my picture ...... only took me a few days lol 
waiting for marketing class to start still got a half an hour * sigh * hate getting here so early for my classes just for parking 
an hour to my next class hanging with < PROPFEMALE > till accounting .... it'll be fun confusing another teacher 
tired so so tired i hate waking up late ... class at 10:30 - 12:20 work 3 to 7 and sleep tonight till hopefully late tomorrow thank god i built in sleep day 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand , that being eaten by dragons is not something to be ashamed of . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... They have all been eaten by dragons . 
baby lava cakes with homemade whip cream yum yum 
so tired and hungry ... woke up late for school ? ( 7:10 when i'm usually out of the house by 7 ) got almost all my stuff except MY PURSE which of course has my wallet and student id card :( i hope the rest of the day goes alot better then my morning 
my legs hate me i thikn they're going to file for a seperation :( stupid g lot 
go to urbandictionary.com, type in your first name , copy and paste thie into your status , tha post the FIRST entry under it as a comment 
waiting for class to start 10:30 - 12:20 work 3-7 homework after that and hopefullly some sleep .... i'm starting to love fridays they are my sleep days 
elroy.net ... check it out not saying i agree with everything he has in there but i will say it's a good read ... if you go here you should read the about the author because there are really really good points in that as well *** disclainer *** his topics are on christianity and not in the christianity is the best only and most accurate way to be kinda way more like ok that's what you say .. prove it 
so i figured out that stress reduction through exercise doesn't reduce my stress it just makes me really sore .... stupid yoga it sounds so easy then it sneaks up on you the next day :( 
why on earth when my manages ask \hey you wanna start at 8 instead of 11 tomorrow\ " do i keep saying yes everytime ? " 
marketing and accounting tests ... shoudln't be too bad but i'm still not looking forward to them ... good news is it means i get out early today yay and no work so that's a very good thing 
no class because of wheather , when i fall in the parking lot at work and almost slide off the road two times from work to home , i think that means i'm not supposed to be out tonight so lazy night in , can't say i'm too heartbroken to be missing micro-economics though 
i forgot how much i hate < PROPMALE > closing :( oh well maybe i'll do some homework or kaundry ..... or maybe not 
basically decided that rest on the weekends is an impossibility ven when i'm sitting i'm think ing about all i have to do most of which i don't have enough time to do not if i wanna sleep at least ..... * sigh * oh well 
i hate the snow :( i think i live in the wrong part of the country 
one paper down one paper , worksheet , marketing questions , and accoutning taht i forgot what i'm supposed to do to go ....... i don't feel as good about the first paper as i did a second ago , stupid school :( 
kinda tired , time to start in on some homework before school tomorrow 
waiting for it to be 9 so my marathon of a day can start .... i hate mondays :( 
wating for class , work 2-7 , bowling tonight should be a good day 
waiting sucks i hate it ? maybe i should've gone on today i thought having a do nothing morning would be nice but it's torture even homework can't make me feel like i don't wanna do anything so not fair :( 
classes 9-12 work 1-6 and then the dreaded speech 6:30 - whenever we all get done with our speeches ...... i hate mondays 
still sore from gym monday * sigh * now it only hurts to walk sit or go up steps and i get to go through dance again in a few hours :( i want it to be summer 
got a paper to write a speech to outline and trying to figure out how i'm gonna work my speech tonight * sigh * monday again 
school , gottta a paper to write fro today ( yaa i'm a procastinator)work 1-5 , waiting for it to be tomorrow so i can go to the sabres game with < PROPMALE > 
only have to get through 4 hours at work then i get to talk to mom and dad tonight and luckily tomorrow is friday which means all day off thank goodness 
no class this mornig till 10:30 then spending the rest of the day with < PROPMALE > :) 
and it's monday again .... * sigh * i hate mondays with a passion : ( 
ya my first class that i got up early so i could get work done before it and get a spot in A lot for would be cancelled 
tuesday ..... one day closer to friday ... school work homework and kaundry then probably pass out again 
out of work ... < PROPMALE > is driving with < PROPFIRST > , guess that means it's time for homework * sigh * only three more weeks i guess i can make it 
WHY IS IT SNOWING ?????????!!!!!!!!! ugh so mad at the snow why can't it be saturday again saturday was so nice i want it back 
home no work tonight , but < PROPMALE > is closing :( wish they could find other closers but i know they gotta do it * sigh * .... good news is we've gotten some more planning accomplished for the trip which means i'm that much closer to seeing everyone again i can't wait 
going to see < PROPFIRST > today hope he's feeling ok , and hoping i don't get lost going up there , trust me with me driving it's always a posibility 
test , class , write a speech to give tonight , and somewhere in between return movies and get prescription and go to walmart and do laundry , how is it that even when i don't have work i'm busy ? 
got my paper done for tonight , just gotta print it out and do homework for marketing test tomorrow which i don't technically have to take but i'll be there anyway might as well .... only another week and a half hopefully i'll survive till summer break 
last marketing class , than accounting , work than going bowling with < PROPMALE > 
officially done wirth my secind semester .. looking forward to a nice long summer 
3.788 woohoo ..... b+ in economics yay 
tired .... don ; t really know why work today wasn't nearly as bad as yeaterday still busy but just attitude wise everyone seemed alot more laid back not stressed or yelly ... yes i just made up a word it's the right of tired people 
fow only goes back to episode 16 in glee :( 
tired ... gotta finish laundry , do the lawn , clean the room before i kill myself one of these days trying to get to my bed but hopefullly i can get that all done before 4 
wishing my car would just start liking me and stop breaking all the time :( 
nap time for the boys .... < PROPFIRST>'s on the couch pretending to snore ..... so cute 
not looking ofrward to work today but luckily don't have to deal with it till 2 
somehow swimming makes me feel better about the next five days ... 33 of my 40 hours this week ... but on a bright note only 17 days till i get to be in florida to visit mom and dad :) 
worst day of work ever non stop busy 9-2 .... why was everybody at mcdonalds today really the one day we're so short staffed everyone had to stay late just to keep the store open ... what did we do to you ? : ( 
so hot .... but i'm glad i'm out of work 105 dergrees in grill ...... wish the stinking ac would get fixed hopefully before tomorrow 
yay day off ... though if it doesn't rain i still have to do the lawn and i've got errands to run but still it's a day away from work 
so sad i think my phone died it got too wet :( luckily i ordered a new one hopefully gonna get it monday but i really hope airing out the phone wioll let it work the rest of the weekend 
my phone it's ALLIIIIIIIIIIVVEEEEEEE ^_^ SO HAPPY so apparently taking it apart wrapping it in paper towel and putting it in the fridge works 
absolutley exhausted :( but i can't wait for tuesday 
2 days <3 .... and only 9 till i get to see mom and dad ^_^ 
so excited for tomorrow should be amazing ..... 2 years i almost can't believe it , it doesn't seem like it's been that long <3 
and it's raining mommom's not gonna like this 
ONE MORE DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
25 hours !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
WHY CANT IT JUST BE TOMORROW ????? 
ahhhhh .... more work 47 hour week i hope its worth it next friday :( 
tired and feeling icky .... , aybe that stomach bug that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > got is catching up to me :( 
contacts today YES !!!!!!!!! 
why does my stomach hate me ????? 
hoping i never come face to face with the boy who broke < PROPFEMALE>'s collarbone jail doesn't sound fun 
another cold rainy day ick 
classes 10- 1:30 work 3 to 8 ..... bye summer : ( 
half an hour till my next class .... boredom will now insue 
all done with work .... homework time 
classes 10- 1:30 then 6:30 - 9:30 .... maybe some errands in between not really sure maybe ill take a nap that sounds like a plan 
red light still means stop right ? 
really glad i dont have school tomorrow since i havent even looked at homework since thursday good thing its only the first week and theres not much to get done 
class till 8:30 work at 2 and laundry and homewrok inbetween 
tired work sucked but what else is new 
homework and laundry till 4 then out bowling tonight 
wishing the sun would come back , too cold this morning im dreading the walk from g lot when its winter thatll be the worst 
work 1 to 6 then out with < PROPMALE > for the night hoping that im not in hole ie seen enough of that place for one week glad i was nt back there all yesterday but sunday was enough for one week 
class 8- 9:20 work 4 to 7 and ill actually have enough time between the two to do homework which means ..... i get to talk to dad tonight YAY 
bored waiting for my next class to start .... think i di dpretty well on my accounting test so thats a relief 
tired waiting for < PROPMALE > to text saying he got his break then maybe some homework and then bed class tomorrow get to find out how i did on my accounting test hoping i did really well 
98 on accounting test YES !!!!!!!!! 
2 hours without having laptop plugged in and still going yay 
i hate the rain : ( 
tired , kinda disappointed in people , girls did amazing in ther swim meet both modified and varsity teams from midlakes won , lad i could be there to cheer them on 
ugh errands day :( 
dear phone , please stop falling in the toilet , getting drenced in the rain and any other potentially damaging behavior , im really starting to worry sincerly your owner \ 
p.s. please let the fridge fix you thanks 
ok im officially addicted to my phone 8 minutes and im already going nuttso witout it grrrr stupid toilet 
so i've decided that im trading in my body for one that doesn't hate me : ( 
work in an hour hoping that some friedns will be there so it wont be a crud day at work 
thank you fridge ....... it saved my phone ^_^ 
mornings stink 
why cant i tell my teachers that i apologize my homeworks not done but i meant to do it over the weekend and get away with it but they can tell me that they meant to grade the project but just didn't .... grrrrr 
so excited about tomorrow cant wait ^_^ 
school then work , hoping it's a lot better than yesterday , halloween party and 2 buses how fun 
1 day :) 
my daddy bought me a guitar for my b-day :) it's beautiful 
calss , then homw to practice more guitar then out with the boy for my b-day !!!!!!!!!! no longer a teen YAY 
thank you everyone fro all the birthday wishes yesterday it was a great day 
off to pick up the guys from work then to bowling should be a fun night 
sunday night time for the whole week to start back up ewwww 
i hate this class :( 
bored , considering how to make my sholder/ arm better , waiting for it to be 3 so i can go see < PROPMALE > then class later tonight hate economics 
ahhhhhhh ..... so bored waiting for < PROPMALE > to be on break no one's home and nothing to do nothing ... and no cleaning doesnt count arm and stomach hurt too much stupid body :( 
time to go visit my pillow nite 
tired cold and sick ...... i don't wanna go to work :( 
tired , waiting for it to be time for bowling and wondering why people think it's ok to yell at random people for no apparent reason , low selfesteem ? who knows but it's kinda silly and childish hope they grow up 
bored status shuffle is fun 
so this whole thing is getting out of control when did it become trying to et between people when you ask a friend if they're ok really now 
If you have a man who is your world , who isn't perfect , but perfect for you , who works hard , who would do anything for you , who makes you laugh & is your best friend ( and sometimes your only friend ) , who you want to grow old with ( if you don't kill him first ) , who you are ... THANKFUL for everyday ... then post this as your status 
having one of those days where all i wanna do is be in his arms so things will be ok 
excited about tonight bowling then midniht bowling with lots of friends hoping everything goes great 
last night was awesome wish i had gotten more than like a few hours of sleep though lol 
why ? 
stupid disney channel they suck :( 
that was a line i suggest not crossing again 
homework baking and then getting < PROPMALE > from work at 8ish 
feeling like crud :( 
class till 12 last class cancelled yay then spending the afternoon with < PROPMALE > and economics class tonight 
lol this shouldn't be funny but it so is 
feeling like crud ... i hate it when you think you're getting better than BAM all of a sudden you're much worse :( 
thanksgiving can officially not exist anymore id be fine with that 
bored ... waiting for it to be 5 so i can see < PROPMALE > 
runnign errands trying to figure out these cupcakes for < PROPFIRST > and hoping that i get to spend the afternoon with my amazing boyfriend <3 
stupid snow :( 
sick :( and apparently my back felt unloved so it decided to be in all kinds of pain so i couldn't sleep all night which led to the me being sick ......... why does my body hate me ? 
i hate this class 
ok winter can go away now 
really getting tired of this whole constantly being sick thing 
still feeling kinda crudy going to get < PROPMALE > soon then bowling tonight hoping i start to feel better cant afford to miss work this weekend and i hate working when i dont feel well ..... oh well we'll see 
tired sore and a alittle frantic ..... awesome start for the day hoping it can only get better from here 
6 quizzes down , 2 tests 1 project 1 paper and 1 more quiz till im done for the semester * sigh * why does monday seem so darn far away 
bowling tonight , hoping the roads are good , getting sick of this whole snow thing it cam pretty much go away now and take the cold with it 
2 hours working on this test i hate economics :( 
last 2 tests down just one more project to go too bad they're doing placement testing in the 1 lab i need stupid people :( 
SABRES GAME !!!!!!!!!!! so excited just not looking forward to the driving but it'll be so worth it completely pumped 
so awesome game last night sabres win 5-2 so take that you stupid nay-sayers buffalo's an awesome team miller made some amazing saves and there were even a few good fights ... so much fun 
i forgot how good it feels to sleep till 9 .... winter break rules 
watching how the grinch stole christmas \ the good one\ " as dad calls it lol " 
< PROPFEMALE > christmas all 
finally warming up after my 6 hour stint in hole from 10 to 4 ..... apparently i dont need thawing out like everyone else does :( 
grades no available until the 30th are you kidding me grrrrr 
i should prolly do laundry now , but with the semester so went my motivation 
watching < PROPFEMALE > of the mountain : ) 
deans list woot ^_^ 
hoping everything works itself out ....... i hate drama 
work 11 to 4 then back home to laze around .... sounds like a good day lol 
wish life could be that easy :( 
being lazy , toturing my poor guitar then bowling tonight .... all around good day 
4 chords learned ..... i feel accomplished 
trying to learn moonlight sonata ..... feeling less accomplished 
bored out of my mind , torturing my poor guitar and waiting for 2 so i can go to work and do something 
feeling good after talking with dad .... but i miss them :( 
stupid car died ... now i have to figure out if it can get fixed and fix it somehow thank goodness i have an awesome aunt whos letting me borrow a car ...... wondering how this one will work itself out * sigh * 
< PROPFEMALE > foxtrot yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > november uniform november < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > tango hotel < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > papa yankee < PROPFEMALE > november < PROPFEMALE > papa < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFIRST > yankee < PROPFIRST > uniform < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > tango < PROPFEMALE > tango uniform < PROPFEMALE > ( lets see who gets it and follows the instructions ) 
tired feeling alittle overwhelmed ....... want this to stop being so damn hard 
online classes so much easier than i thought i like it i can do a week of work in a day awesome :) 
as much school work done as i can do without books ..... now what do i do till work 
school tomorrow ...... and the fun begins anew :( 
another job applied for hoping i get this one 
back to school 10 to 12 then getting my books then work at 4 ....... just really wish i could breath stupid cold :( 
homework done for the week yay !!!!! 
attempting to find a car i can actually afford ..... * sigh * 
i hate being sick .... everynody who came to the window at work today asked if i was losing my voice really you think i talk like that for fun ? ugh 
time for nyquil and bed 
school work done ..... now time to wait for 4 .... what to do ? 
waiting for < PROPMALE > to wake up to see what plans are for the day 
school work done for the day .... gotta love online classes :) 
more school work done , waiting for it to be 5 to go get < PROPMALE > from work than trying to figure out this car thing now that i have that breakdown outta the way 
there was sonething i was gonna look up just wish i could remember what :( 
school work , cleaning the car , up to twin cities see what thye got tha work at 3 busy day 
come on school don't be closed i seriously don't wanna be stuck home all day tomorrow that'd suck 
watching start trek with mommom then bed night 
i hate winter i really didn't want a snow day today ..... hoping i can still go places ill be really ticked if i have to stay home all day 
homework then work at 1 waiting for monday so i can go see about getting a car 
bored , waiting for < PROPMALE > to get out of work than watching Bones tonight but nothing to do in the mean time ..... maybe i'll practice some guitar 
homework shower then out bowling tonight :) 
i want my grades !!!!!!!!!!! POST THEM PLEASE 
i miss my kitties :( 
so me and Mommom watching a Titanic 2 as the ice berg hits\ 
Mommom : \wonder if they have insurance on that ? \ " \ 
homework , then up to twin cities to look at cars might actually get one before the end of the week , fingers crossed !!! 
I LOVE MY HYUNDAI !!!!!!!!!! Thank you Mommom 
