May the road rise to meet you , May the wind be always at your back , May the sun shine warm upon your face , The rains fall soft upon your fields and , Until we meet again , May God hold you in the palm of His hand ... Happy New Year everyone ! Make it a good one ! 

Mmmm ... steaks tonight ! 
Loves Linkin Park . That is all . 
Had fun at Lagoon today ! Thank you sooo much < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFIRST > ! 
Oh snap !!!! 18 days til Odin < PROPFIRST > Hatch is here !!!!!! 
I remembered black skies the lightning all around me . I remembered each flash as time began to blur . Like a startling sign that fate had finally found me . And your voice was all I heard ... That I get what I deserve . 
A little girl needs Daddy For many many things Like holding her high off the ground Where the sunlight sings Like being the deep music That tells her all is right When she awakens frantic with The terrors of the night Like being the great mountain That ri 
Is taking her Federation Test tomorrow FINALLY ! AGH ! Very nervous ! Wish me luck ! I'm gonna need it ! =/ 
Well .... I passed my test !!!!! WOOHOOO ! 
Transformers more than meets the eye ! Transformers robots in disguise ! Oh man ! So excited Transformers 2 !!!!! Tonight ! 
TRANSFORMERS WAS FREAKIN AMAZING !!!!!!! 
I still believe that there is more love than hate . There's more heart than ache . We are stuck in this great big world together . With a little bit of help from up above and a sprinkling of love we can break these chains , we will end these days and i know y 
< PROPFEMALE > is hunger is the fire I breathe Love is a banquet on which we feed 
Just applied at The American Red Cross =] 
Is one proud Aunt ! My nephew is finally here !!!! He was born at 1:37 A.M. Weighs : 7lbs . 12oz . 21 inches ! Odin < PROPFIRST > Hatch ! Welcome to the world baby boy ! 
Everyone is home ! Odin has to go back the hospital tomorrow for some more blood tests =[ poor lil guy he's been through so much just today ! 
“For it was not into my ear you whispered , but into my heart . It was not my lips you kissed , but my soul . ” 
Is really SAD that < PROPFIRST > is leaving so soon ! =[ 
Needs a massage ! 
Don't promise me forever . Just love me day by day . 
So excited for tomorrow ! Mommy Daughter date ! Going to see The Fray in concert =D 
WOOHOO ! So excited to see The Fray tonight ! 
Kinda just loves life =] 
Just got back from camping . Ready for a good night sleep in muh own bed ! 
pretty much done with this . ready for a change . 
I'm quizzin'! Haha i love < PROPFEMALE > 
Sick and tired of what to say , No one listens anyway , Sing ... That's all you can . Rambling years of lousy luck , Ya miss the smell of burning turf , Dream ... That's all you can . Don't , don't sink the boat that you built , you built to keep afloat 
Cross you fingers !!!!! 
we'll find out !!! 
He who does not trust enough , Will not be trusted 
Thank you for the birthday wishes ! I love you all !! 
Catch you on the flipside ... hahaha 
Headed to work with Dad in about 5 .. so stoked hah .. [ Felicia&Shannon ] MmBop ! 
If I touch a burning candle I can feel no pain . If you cut me with a knife it's still the same . And I know her heart is beating And I know that I am dead . Yet the pain here that I feel , try and tell me it's not real . For it seems that I still have a tear to shed 
Sinking in the weight of all we need to say why's and what if's have since long played out left us short on happy endings ... it's now or never 
I sense there's something in the wind . that feels like tragedy's at hand . and though I'd like to stand by him . Can't shake this feeling that I have . The worst is just around the bend . 
It's hard to say that I'd rather stay awake when I'm asleep Because my dreams are bursting at the seams 
i met God's will on a halloween night , he was dressed as a bag of leaves . 
I love Rain . 
Is very bored . 
I miss my uncle < PROPFIRST > . 
Would you say the nights are far too long now ? The tears that stain my cheek must make me look weak . I wear them proudly . Just stand up and scream 
Smiling stupidly it thee best way too smile , because it's genuine ! 
Even if it sounds corny , don't EVER let anyone tell you - You ain't beautiful . Just stay true to you . 
DELETED my myspace ! haha 
If you obey all the rules , you miss all the fun . 
Everything has Beauty ... But not everyone sees it 
Feels awful today =[ NO FAIR . 
Feels awful today ! NO FAIR . 
I'm gonna go ahead and say that I was thoroughly freaked out last night ! Paranormal activity very freaky . 
God gave us two ears to hear , two eyes to see and two hands to hold . But why did God give us only one heart ? Because he gave it to someone else and he wants us to find it . 
I won’t suffer , be broken . Get tired , or wasted . Surrender to nothing . I'll give up what I started and stop this from end to beginning . A new day is coming and I am finally free 
Don't take it personally cause we were never in love . It doesn't really matter , who you say you are - Sing it out the window of your car , Find another girl across the bar ... Cause L-O-V-E is not what this was ! 
And no message could have been any clearer . If you wanna make the world a better place take a look at yourself and then make a change . I'm starting with the man in the mirror ! 
Hmm it went well I think . Guess I'll find out for sure whether it truly did or not by the end of today . OH i hope it went the way I felt it did ! 
Haha i'm pretty sure I have thee world's most adorable niece and nephews . 
Really dislikes fake and superficial people . And it really sucks to find so many in your lifetime . Life is too short to have to deal with it all . Just cut the bs and be real . 
No more lives torn apart That wars would never start And time would heal all hearts Every man would have a friend That right would always win And love would never end ... my grown up christmas list 
Take a breath , take it deep Calm yourself , he says to me If you play , you play for keeps Take a gun , and count to three I’m sweating now , moving slow No time to think , my turn to go . And you can see my heart beating You can see it through my chest said I’m terrified but I’m not leaving . Know that I must pass this test , so just pull the trigger 
The course of true love never did run smooth 
Believe in what your heart is saying . Hear the < PROPFEMALE > that's playing . There's no time to waste . There's so much to celebrate . Believe in what you feel inside , and give your dreams the wings to fly . You have everything you need , if you just believe ! 
Pretty much love my new job =] Been there a week . I think this is a good place for me 
Hoping tomorrow brings business . It's friday people go get a massage !!! =] 
Don't frown because you never know who is falling in love with your smile 
When I let go of what I am , I become what I might be . 
Not what we say about our blessings , but how we use them , is the true measure of our thanksgiving . 
Let's do some gratuitous violence . 
Alone in your mind , waiting for the sun to shine Alone in your mind , waiting for the sign that its time To break free from the words that hold you down To escape from the feeling you are lost and cant be found Dont hide your face , you cannot erase The pain that stays in your eyes Lay down your guard , show them who you are Behind your disguise 
Just found out that my cousin Triston has a tumor the size of a golf ball , at the base of his skull . Even if you don't know of him I ask that you keep him in your prayers . He goes in for surgery Thursday . I love you Triston ! 
Going to have sushi with < PROPFEMALE > and then too see a movie ! Sounds like a pretty sweet plan to me ! 
i hate mondays . 
What is this illusion called the innocence of youth ? Maybe only in that blind belief can we ever find the truth . No more lives torn apart , That wars would never start . And time would heal our hearts , Every man would have a friend . That right would always win , And love would never end ... this is my grown up christmas list . 
The < PROPFEMALE > is a wonderful symbol of the Christmas spirit . Just remember , the true spirit of Christmas lies within your heart . 
There's a place called home I can almost see , with a red front door , and A roaring fire , and a Christmas tree . Yes , a place called home Full of love and family , And I'm there at the door Watching you come home to me ... In the dark of the night , let your heart come home to me 
The hardest thing is loving someone and then having the courage to let them love you back . But if at the end of the day if you still would rather give up than try , nothing is ever going to be worth it ... 
Oh why ? Thats what I keep asking Was there anything I could have said or done ? Oh I had no clue you were masking a troubled soul . Oh God only knows what went wrong and why you would leave the stage in the middle of a song .. Oh why there's no comprehending and who am i to try judge or explain . But I do have one burning question . Who told you life wasnt worth the fight ? They were wrong , they lied 
Blood and tears , they were here first . Ransom notes keep falling out your mouth . Mid-sweet talk , newspaper word cut-outs . Speak no feeling , no I don't believe you . You don't care a bit 
When it seems that we have lost our way , we find ourselves again on Christmas day ! Believe in what your heart is saying . Hear the < PROPFEMALE > that's playing , there's no time to waste there's so much to celebrate ! Believe in what you feel inside and give your dreams the wings to fly ! You have everything you need ... If you just believe 
I want your loving and I want your revenge you and me could write a bad romance . I want your loving all your love is revenge , you and me could write a bad romance .... I want your love I don’t wanna be friends J'veux ton amour et j'veux ton revenge J'veux ton amour I don’t wanna be friends ! 
I want your horror I want your design cause you’re a criminal As long as your mine I want your love ... Love-love-love I want your love 
So only a few days left of December ... GO vote for my handsome nephew !!!!!! http://mywestvalleyjournal.com/pages/baby_contest ODIN ! ODIN ! ODIN ! 
Boy with a coin he found in the weeds with bullets and pages of trade magazines close to a car that flipped on the turn when God left the ground to circle the world Girl with a bird she found in the snow that flew up her gown and thats how she knows that God made her eyes for crying at birth then left the ground to circle the earth ... 
Seeing Black Swan ! Pretty stoked ! 
Not what i expected . It was incredibly beautiful , an enchanting nightmare . < PROPFEMALE > said it perfectly ... It blew my mind ! Black Swan 5 stars in my opinion 
I've got to get a move on with my life 
Gambling ? Who said anything about gambling ? It's not gambling when you know you're gonna win . Counting cards is a foolproof system ... It's also illegal ... It's not illegal , it's frowned upon , like masturbating on an airplane ... I'm pretty sure that's illegal too ... Yeah , maybe after 9/11 , where everybody got so sensitive . Thanks a lot , Bin Laden- 
Can I ask you another question ? Sure ... You probably get this a lot . This isn't the real Caesar's Palace is it ? What do you mean ? Did , umm ... did Caesar live here ? No ... I didn't think so . 
Russian roulette is not the same without a gun , and baby when its not love if its not rough it isn't fun ! 
i thought i told you im a < PROPFEMALE > you see the ice ? you see the cars ? Flashy lights everywhere we are , livin life like theres no tomorrow ! I got money i dont need a range ... imma pimp i dont need a cane !!! 
Your feet will bring you to where your heart is . 
i fell for you , And i knew the vision of your loveliness i hoped and i prayed that someday , i'd be the vision of your happiness ... My darling dear , love you all the time . I'm just a fool , A fool in love with you . 
Let your joy- scream across the pain 
Let your beauty unfold 
Yeah , life is beautiful . Our hearts , they beat and break . Life is beautiful , but it's complicated , we barely make it . We don't need to understand , There are miracles , miracles . Stand where you are . We let all these moments pass us by . It's amazing where I'm standing , There's a lot that we can give . This is ours just for a moment . There's a lot that we can give . 
Nothing is permanent , not even death ... Imaginarium of doctor ParnAssus - Amazing film . I'm not at all shocked that < PROPMALE > Ledger was nothing but brilliant ! * Sigh * Incredible . 
I need , some new stile-ttos Can't walk , down the street in those You are , who you wear it's true ! A girl's just as hot as the shoes she choose J'adore Weitzman , habillez-moi < PROPFIRST > , Dolce Gabbana , < PROPFIRST > McQueen , eh ou . Merde I love those Manolo . Fashion put it all on me Don't you want to see these clothes on me Fashion put it all on me I am anyone you want me to be 
After the hard rock i blacked out ! It was like emptiness HA HA HA 
Love is much like a wild < PROPFEMALE > , beautiful and calm , but willing to draw blood in its defense . 
Beauty is not in the face ; beauty is a light in the heart 
She lives in a < PROPFEMALE > tale Somewhere too far for us to find Forgotten the taste and smell Of the world that she's left behind It's all about the exposure the lens I told her The angles were all wrong now She's ripping wings off of butterflies keep your feet on the ground when your head's in the clouds Well go get your shovel And we'll dig a deep hole To bury the castle ... Ba da ba ba da ba ba ha ! 
is done . 
A beautiful and blinding morning . The world outside begins to breathe . See clouds arriving without warning ... If I could make these moments endless , If I could stop the winds of change , If we just keep our eyes wide open . Then everything would stay the same . 
Really done with people who can say whatever they want behind your back . But NEVER have the guts to say it to my face . If you are going to say something about me , have the decency to say it in front of me . 
Some people should listen to their own advice . those are my thoughts currently . 
Life is short , don't waste time worrying about what people think of you . Hold on to the ones that care , in the end they will be the only ones there . 
Happy Birthday Aunt < PROPFEMALE > . I love you and i miss you . 
Love is patient . Love is kind . Love is ... Slowly losing you're mind ! Haha Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day everyone ! 
Happiness needs sadness . Success needs failure . Benevolence needs evil . Love needs hatred . Victory needs defeat . Pleasure needs pain . You must experience and accept the extremes . Because if the contrast is lost , you lose appreciation ; and when you lose appreciation , you lose the value of everything . 
We're all mad here ! Baha so excited ! 
“Life is partly what we make it , and partly what it is made by the friends we choose . ” Thanks to all the people who made it to < PROPMALE>'s Party you truly made it a great night ! 
Close your eyes , so many days go by . Easy to find what's wrong , harder to find what's right . I believe in you , I can show you that I can see right through all your empty lies . I won't stay long , in this world so wrong . Say goodbye , as we dance with the devil tonight . 
\Nothing can bring you peace but yourself . \"" 
LET THE WiLD RUMPUS START ! 
Because thats what people do ... they leap and hope to God they can fly ! Because otherwise , we just drop like a rock ... wondering the whole way down ... \why in the hell did I jump ? \"" 
Talk to the mirror oh choke back tears . And keep telling yourself that Im a diva ! Oh and the smokes in that cigarette box on the table , they just so happen to be laced with nitroglycerin . Im the new cancer , never looked better , you cant stand it . Because you say so under your breath . Youre reading lips When did he get all confident ? Havent you heard that Im the new cancer ? Never looked better , and you can't stand it ! 
Where did the day go ? Oh that's right to the bunnies ! Started playing Killer Bunnies at like 2 and just finished ! It's almost 7 . Ridiculous game ! Hahaha but itsk . I won ! 
Have I gone mad ? I'm afraid so . You're entirely bonkers . But I'll tell you a secret ... All the best people are 
The moment we stop fighting for each other , that's the moment we lose our humanity . 
Après moi < PROPFEMALE > deluge , After me comes the flood . 
So excited for the St. < PROPFIRST>'s Day parade tomorrow mornin'! 
it rained on my parade today , but thats okay because i love the rain . pretty much made the day ten times better . except it started snowing . that was upsetting . 
And so it begins . 
It's easy to be pleasant when life flows by like a song . But the man worth while is the one who can smile , when everything goes dead wrong . For the test of the heart is trouble and it always comes with years . And the smile that is worth the praises of earth , is the smile that shines through the tears . 
Top o ' the mornin to ya ! May the road rise up and meet you . May the wind be at your back . May the sun shine warm upon your face . May the rain fall soft upon your fields . And until we meet again , may God hold you in the palm of his hand . Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day everyone :) 
Is minic a bhris béal duine a shrón . 
Don't give up it's just the hurt that you hide when you're lost inside . I will be there to find you . Don't give up because you want to burn bright . If darkness blinds you , I will shine to guide you . Everybody wants to be understood . Well I can hear you . Everybody wants to be loved . Don't give up , because you are loved . 
Our lives are not determined by what happens to us but by how we react to what happens , a positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts , events , and outcomes . 
I learned that we can do anything , but we can't do everything ... at least not at the same time . So think of your priorities not in terms of what activities you do , but when you do them . Timing is everything . 
I'd love to do a show in Vegas with drag queens . The tackier the better . Bahaha 3 days i am pretty stoked ! 
i miss you < PROPMALE > boy . more than anyone will ever know . 
Happy Birthday Uncle < PROPFIRST > . I love and miss you so much ! 
Remember , what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas . Except for herpes . That shit'll come back with you . 
Honestly ? who breaks into someones condo when youre a temp worker ? Hardcore douche bag ! Luckily we came back from the car show when we did . we would have been screwed royally ! 
You save yourself , or you remain unsaved . 
And you say , be still my love open up your heart , let the light shine in . But you don't understand i already have a plan . I'm waiting for my real life to begin . 
You know what they say . Once you kill a cow , you gotta make a burger . 
Trust is like a mirror , you can fix it if its broke . But you can still see the cracks in that mother f*****s reflection . 
i hit the bulls eye making all the boys cry . i hit the main line breaking through the night sky . like a bullet meant to be shot , you're the target dead on the spot . when i focus i never miss . it starts with a kiss . 
Is kind of in love with my nephew sethro right now :) 
Bahaha < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > just sang i am a child of god haha that qas grand 
Sunrise sunrise , looks like morning in your eyes . But the clocks held 9:15 for hours . Sunrise sunrise couldn't tempt us if it tried . 
Barbecue at < PROPMALE > & < PROPFEMALE>'s so far its been a great day ! Stoked for tonight =D 
Sad we had to leave early . But everyone that was at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s , tonight was a top night ! Top night ! :) 
Best thing ever . Surprising your mom with her favorite flowers ! Priceless :) 
Nothing quite like starting your work day with a flat tire on the freeway :( 
Car show tonight at Hires on 47th @ 6 be there or be square ! Ha stoked ! 
Only good thing about today is that its raining . watch it turn to snow :( oh and $2 Mr. B's @ Beans N ' brews so thats good ! 
17 days . it's all im sayin ! im so unbelievably stoked its retarded ! 
So stoked getting a 2 hour massage in 20 minutes :) 
I decided thursdays nights are amazing <3 
Pretty stoked . Can't wait to see what this weekend has in store :) 
barbecue at < PROPFIRST>'s :) smells good ! 
We got older but we're still young . We never grew out of this feeling that we won't give up . Ps my baby sister is amazing , car karaoke has never been better ! 
bahaha havin a great frickin night ! 
Haha now last night was a top night ! 
i am super tired ! this weekend was a great one ! 
The world has been broken into pieces and it's everybody's job to find them and put them back together again . Maybe we're the pieces , maybe we're not supposed to find the pieces . Maybe we are the pieces . 
Running back through the fire , when there's nothing left to say . Its like chasing the very last train when its too late . 
A beautiful and blinding morning . The world outside begins to breathe . Clouds arriving without warning . I need you here to shelter me . 
When a heart breaks , no it don't break even . 
Last night was insane ! 
All of the darkness in the world , cannot extinguish the flame from a single candle . 
Once again Flogging < PROPFEMALE > never ceases to amaze me ! Great show ! Totally got elbowed in the nose like the 5th song in haha was a grand time ! 
is very tired and wants a nap :( 
i love irony . bahaha love you mom 
Haven't you heard that i'm the new cancer , i've never looked better and you can't stand it ! 
To my mom and dad happy anniversary :) 28 years and still going strong ! 
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is ! :) 
\Doubt thou the stars are fire ; Doubt that the sun doth move ; Doubt truth to be a liar ; But never doubt I love . \"" 
Every movie we see , Every story we're told implores us to wait for it , the third act twist , the unexpected declaration of love , the exception to the rule . But sometimes we're so focused on finding our own happy ending we don't learn how to read the signs . How to tell the ones who want us from the ones who don't , the ones who will stay and the ones who will leave . 
Love save the empty . 
Faith is a journey , not a guilt trip . 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for making my hair beautiful and getting it to the color i wanted ! :) 
i love the days you wake up early and you realize you can go back to bed for a little bit , i hate waking up early and not realizing you could have went back to sleep until you get to work and see that you're an hour early . haha today is gonna be a long day me thinks . 
so much for it being a long day . it was super slow at work . got sent home early , 
I am proclaiming to the world , i am only thinking good thoughts . My good thoughts are powerful . The negative are weak ! 
\I don't mind living in a man's world 
\The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space . \ " \ 
Just finished Jazzy's hair ! Ahahaha we need to go to bed ! Appt @ 10 for her nails- then runnin around like chickens with our heads cut off ... im gonna need a BIG cup of coffee . Haha wedding in like 13 hours ? oh man ! 
today will get better . 
Everyone needs dreams . 
keep a positive attitude . today is a great day :) 
Ingenuity :D 
So proud of my baby sister . I can't believe she's graduating today . You're an amazing young lady < PROPFEMALE > . You are so smart and talented . You will go far in life . congratulations grad ! I'm proud of you ! 
Ah today is a fantastic day ! So stoked for tonight pride this weekend . Payday today . things are going great =D 
Off to an adventure downtown ! Pride festivities should be fun ! :D 
At pride today really good turn out :) super hot out today tho haha 
i sense there's something in the wind , that seems like tradgedy is at hand . 
Beautiful monster . 
so i think i may be in love with < PROPMALE > poppycock <3 
We do not want your tired and sick . It is your corrupt we claim . It is your evil that will be sought by us . With every breath , we shall hunt them down . Each day we will spill their blood , ' til it rains down from the skies . Do not kill . Do not rape . Do not steal . These are principles which every man of every faith can embrace . 
It's official ! :) Im a member of the BROSHIP ! Pictures to come ! 
poison . 
\ever notice how ' what the hell ' is always the right answer \"" 
It is said some , lives are linked across time . They are connected by an ancient calling that echoes through the ages ... < PROPFEMALE > . 
i feel change coming . and it feels great =D 
Just colored my mama's hurr :) Should look amazing if i do say so my self haha 
\Oh i'm sorry do you have some prior commitment ? Some hideous skirt convention you have to go to ? \ " haha my sides are splitting " 
Really sucks when you cant even get away from drama in your own family . i think i want to move out of state . 
Cruise night kids Be there or be square ! :) 
My life isn't great . It's effin amazing ! =D 3 
ok so ... chips ! hahaha oh those were the days . 
6 massages today . 5 at work , and one more in 15 < PROPFEMALE > . 
Pretty beat . i think im overdue for a massage :/ 
Think i'll go watch a movie and drift off to beddy-By Land :) 
it's gonna happen . 
Sand castles in the sand ... Haha wonderful 
naps . probably the greatest thing since ever . 
Strip mall in park city totally sittin on the grass definitely just got flipped off by a 2 yr old so shes probably 8 bahaha probably the highlight of our night ! 
car fire at walmart ! crazy ish havent ever seen that kinda ish before 
Happy Father's day to all the wonderful dads out there ! :) 
Going for a cruise with the family lookin for a ghost town . Happy Father's Day dad and < PROPMALE > :) 
Haha definitely just called a guy in kentucky . apparently the number in the movie next of kin actually works . Told him i had the wrong number . Realized afterwords its midnight there . oops ! sorry little < PROPMALE > lol 
Doesn't like today . 
Mmm Beans N Brews , i love you . 
A waltz when she walks in the room , she pulls back the hair from her face . She turns to the window to sway in the moonlight even her shadow has grace . A waltz for the girl out of reach . She lifts her hands up to the sky , she moves with the music , the song is her lover , the < PROPFEMALE>'s making her cry . So she dances , in and out of the crowd like a glance . This romance is from afar calling me silently ... 
someone elses boy i have hope for you , that you will keep your love for the world , even though it beats you down everyday , for the rest of your stay . if you could sweep up the pieces and watch them swirl , you could even find love in the arms of someone elses girl . 
Let's watch the city burn . Til there's nothin left to burn . 
waiting for sleep to come , i hope its soon . 
Dear mother nature , I hate you . - Love me . 
Pretty stoked goin to gateway mall to play in the water fountains with my three favorite monsters =D 
Taylorsville Dayzz tonight . Fireworks anyone ? I think you should be there ! :) 
Fireworks . its gonna be a blasty-blast ! 
I , i just died in your arms tonight . 
I decided i want a wolf . 
Movie night with my mama and sisters , oreo shake .. What a great way to spend my sunday evening :) 
Is kinda done with this whole allergy business . 
I feel good :) when you celebrate the good feelings , you'll draw to you more good feelings , and things that make you feel good ! 
There is no greater power in the universe than the power of love . the feeling of love is the highest frequency you can emit . if you could wrap every thought in love , if you could love everything and everyone , your life would be transformed . 
change is coming . and it feels good =) 
Oh 2 hour massage here i come ! it's been far too long since my last massage :) 
It's finally friday ! =) yeehaw ! 
So ... The crazies was a complete let down . Glad i only spent a $1.07 to rent it from a redbox ! 
i love days like this . beautiful warm < PROPFEMALE > weather , had a great cup of coffee to start the day and im with my mom running errands . i missed you mom ! :) 
Can't wait for Easy A to come to theatre's! Hahaha it looks awesome ! 
Happy Independence Day < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hmmm .. so much for boating and laying out in the sun :( 
< PROPFIRST > circles dance floor like roller rink ! 
Happy birthday Odin ! I can't believe my sweet little nephew is one today ! Man does time fly ! =D 
Chaos killed the dinosaurs darling . 
oh my gawd you like ... sneeze glitter ! 
Twilight concert series downtown tonight Modest Mouse ! :) 
wow . 
one more massage to go and then its party time ! :) 
Super bored tonight . 
thinkin its gonna be a great night ;) 
when i read about about the evils of drinking , i stopped reading ! 
Oh boy it's sure hot out today ! I love air conditioned houses :) Watching < PROPMALE > Potter . Man im awesome . 
Just had french toast brunch , enjoying my wonderful cup of coffee , and watching Disturbia . What a lovely way to spend my sunday :) 
oh i am pretty sure im in love with my little nephew Odin :) 
Just went for a swim with odin . It was so fun , love that little man :) 
Have you ever thrown a fist full of glitter in the air ? Have you ever looked fear in the face and said i dont care ? Its only half past the point of no return the tip of the iceberg , the sun before the burn . The thunder before the lightning , the breath before the phrase ... Have you ever felt this way ? 
28 days :) 
... im tired . i want my bed :( 
peace tea , razzleberry . mmm =) 
Who cares if you disagree ? You are not me . Who died and made you < PROPMALE > of anything ? You dare tell me who to be , who died and made you < PROPMALE > of anything ? Let me hold your crown , babe . 
This time baby i'll be bullet proof . 
Girl talk . Tonight downtown at the twilight concert series kids ! 
i left my head and my heart on the dance floor . 
I literally just saved your life from certain side mirrored doom 
A beautiful mess . 
Taking advantage of this warm < PROPFEMALE > day ! I love laying out :) 
and its back to work =/ 
Be careful mate , not all sharks are in the water . 
killin bunnies . some people shouldn't play this game lol 
Everything looks beautiful , when you're looking through < PROPFEMALE > colored glasses . 
Had a thought last night , i'm curious as to who this generations < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > would be ? Any thoughts , or opinions ? 
the < PROPMALE > we're lookin ' for is a white . hahaha he's < PROPMALE > too .. classic mix up bahaha 
Ghosts are real . 
havin a great night with < PROPMALE > and my mama =) hopefully < PROPMALE > will joining ! < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > just got home , so its a great night :) 
Flyin ' Aces baby :) Arvo 504 series so fun i love lagoon 
I love the ferris wheel . 
Its a calamity ! haha 
I am the master of my fate . I am the captain of my soul . 
Today sucks . 
Did you know < PROPFEMALE>'s have vagina's ? Awkward hahaha 
Maybe that's what happens when a tornado meets a volcano . 
... Dinner with the Schmuks . Absolutely hysterical ! Oh < PROPMALE > Carell , < PROPFIRST > Rudd , and < PROPMALE > Galifianakis . i love you . 
Coffee . < PROPFEMALE>'s Next Top Model . Great morning :) 
Doesnt want to go to work tomorrow :( 
Just sliced my hand with a plastic fork . Glad to know its gonna be one of those days :/ 
wants to curl up in my blankie and watch a movie , and maybe even take a nap . 
7 days my friends ! Eep ! :) 
oh man we just had a hail storm in midvale wtf august ? its raining lightning and thundering now :) thats better . 
Watching How.to save a life ... its quite an amazing film . Makes you think , re-evaluate who you are and what you represent . 
It's not like you hate him or want him to die . But maybe he goes home & thinks suicide , or he comes back to school with a gun at his side . And a kindness from you might have saved his life . Heroes are made when you make a choice . You could join the fight , for what's right . 
Prop . 8 appealed . Fantastic ! 
i decided i want an otter :) 
Not even gonna lie . I finally just saw Eclipse , and I loved it . Judge me i don't care haha it really was good ! :) 
You're different then you used to be . You were much more muchier . You've lost your ... muchness . 
oh well . 
I'm blessed for God sent you from above . You are my friend , my heart , and my soul . You are the greatest friend i know . You are the words inside my song , you are my love , my life , my mom . Happy Birthday mom . i couldnt have asked for a better mom than you ! 
Legal . 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! I love you all and I had a fabulous birthday ! :) 
I like the flash , i wish i was as fast as him . You could be the first in line ! -Sethro < PROPFIRST > 
Happy Friday the 13th :) today is a good day ! =) 3 
I do love gettin off work early on fridays ! 
I saw < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim tonight . It was epic ! I fell in love with < PROPFIRST > Cera . Again . He's amazing . I heart that geek =) 
Bahaha totally just went roller skating with my dad outside in old school 80's skates 
Chillin in the pool . Cape cod . Lovely evening :) 
Loose lips , sink ships . 
Oh lagoon-a beach :) so fun 
3 jumbo monkeys for $5 at the ring toss . 2 shot glasses priced at $5.99 each haha got em for $1 a piece ! went on the sky lift with < PROPMALE > . didnt get sunburned , and went on colossus with < PROPFEMALE > ! today was a great day at Lagoon =) 
A flight risk , with a fear of falling . 
Second chances , they don't ever matter . People never change . Once a whore , you're nothing more . I'm sorry that'll never change . 
I need another story , something to get off my chest . My life gets kinda boring , need something that I can confess . Til ' all my sleeves are stained red , from all the truth that I've said . Come by it honestly I swear thought you saw me wink , no . I've been on the brink , so ... Tell me what you want to hear ! 
Was told today by my client , that i look like < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
Tell mommy i'm sorry , cause life is a party , i ain't never growin ' up ! 
So now i pray to a nation destroyed under god ... Its the end of the world . All my battles have been won , but the war has just begun . Lets watch the city burn ! 
Fox news can suck it . 
oh friday at long last we meet :) 
murphy's downtown tonight ! 
woooohooo !!!!! =) 
i want french toast :D 
At the park with my mama sipping some coffee :) its a good day . 
Hangin out with two of my favorite men . < PROPFIRST > & < PROPFIRST > :) 
Hahaha tag at the park ... amazing . 
I've got a feelin ' ... That today is gonna a good good day =) 
Oh Goodness ! My mama is amazing =) Truly . 
Gettin my hair did =) 
ohh its been too long , this pedi is long overdue 
Baby you're a firework , come on , show em ' what you're worth ! 
TOGA PARTY tonight for my birthday !!! 
Thanks everybody who came to my bday party last night it was a top night , and.it wouldnt have been the same without you ! :) 
the < PROPFEMALE > is so haunting tonight 
ugh i dont want tomorrow to come :/ 
Riff raff rukkus kids this saturday 10-6 car show , food beer ! All proceeds go to Triston Harms a 14 yr . old recovering cancer survivor . At american legion post 320E 3900S . Bring your family and friends its going to be quite an event ! Be there or be square ! 
It's not like the movies , but that's how it should be . When he's the one , you'll come undone . And your world will stop spinning . And it's just the beginning . 
Oh poor Odin :( i dont like seeing my baby nephew so sick :( poor little man can't catch a freakin break . 
So correct me if im wrong but i was kind of researching this and i cannot find a recipe for a yippeekayay mother f*cker . If this is in fact true . Im going to invent one . So if anyone has info on that let me know if the drink exists ! 
Killin ' bunnies time ! 
thank god its friday after this morning i need my 3 day weekend . 
SLC Hardcore customs 1st annual car show . Riff Raff Rukkus . @ American Legion Post 320 e 3900so . Cheap beer cheap food great people ! All proceeds to benefit Triston Harms 14 yr . old recovering cancer . survivor . Be there ! Tomorrow 10-6 :) 
9 hours Kids ! SLC Hardcore Customs 1st Annual car Riff Raff Rukkus- Custom Car/ Rat < PROPMALE > / & Bike show . 10:00 - 6:00 at American Legion Post 112 on 320 East 3900 South . Raffle & Giveaways ! All proceeds to benefit my sweet cousin Triston Harms , a recovering cancer survivor :) So come on over ! Sweet rides , good food , great people and lots of fun !! Be there or Be square ! 
come on down to the car show !!!!!! 
So ¤2267 earned after expenses taken out ¤1400 went to medical bills and ¤400 to be spent on Triston and ¤100 on < PROPMALE > . Thanks everyone !!! You are amazing ! 
Dear West Valley council , you are completely and utterly pathetic . I cannot wait for the day that I am able to move ! 
oh the joys of pulling weeds lol love you grandma 
All done for the night . But we did a good 6 hours of landscaping . ANd grandma's house front yard looks great ! :) 
at the lake :) 
Owie :( and the sunburn is starting to rear its ugly head 
blah . 
write love on your arm 
You don’t have to be a shell . No . You’re the one that rules your world Ohh You are strong and you’ll learn ... That you can still go on , and you’ll always be a < PROPFEMALE > 
Whooo ! Its friday pumpkin ! 
some peoples kids haha 
That a lot of cups , you could make a castle out of that mother f*cker hahaha - < PROPFIRST > L . 
Coffe some brunch and my latest guilty pleasure jersey shore haha 
Haha ya !!! Lady Gaga won video of the year . God makes no mistakes baby i was born this way ! 
still haven't slept ... 
Bleh . 
Oh you know , you know , you know I'd never ask you to change . If perfect is what you're searching for ... Then just stay the same . 
ah im super tired . literally feel like i had maybe 20 < PROPFEMALE > . of sleep :/ bollocks . 
The < PROPMALE > of hearts is the only < PROPMALE > without a mustache . 
Dear man walking in front of me at Walmart , please be considerate of others and remember to put on deoderant before you leave your house . Thank you . 
I hope i am accepted !! 
Haha Odin gave himself a milk shower . I love that baby boy ! 
woohoo get to wait an hour for my windshield to be replaced ! 
Well they knocked it out in like 45 < PROPFEMALE > . so woohoo ! Beautiful new windshield :) 
Ahahaha my nephew is such a funny little dweeb :) 
Life is the messy bits . 
BAHAHAHA ! So friggin stoked ! Recieved my package in the mail ... < PROPFEMALE > , the complete animated series :D 
Gaslight Anthem ¡ the Depot ! 
Sugar and spice , and everything nice 
Hahaha crazy drunk guy , spit on security , security chased and wrestled with him , screaming back and forth at other by standers haha cops were called , he im pretty sure he's goin to jail at least for tonight . Goodness ! 
... And i lit a fire that wouldn't go out . Until it consumed the walls and roof of this house 
Lady Gaga : A Message to the US Senate http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GG5VK2lquEc 
Hmm . bored bored bored . 
lovely night tonight . 
The < PROPFEMALE > looks so beautiful 
hahaha mmm life is good . 
Going to the state fair with the family :) 
One love 
Goin to see Easy A with two of my favorite guys :) 
According to you I'm stupid , I'm useless I can't do anything right . According to you I'm difficult , hard to please Forever changing my mind . I'm a mess in a dress , can't show up on time . Even if it would save my life . According to you . But according to him I'm beautiful , incredible , He can't get me out of his head According to him I'm funny , irresistible Everything he ever wanted ... 
But boys will be boys and girls have those eyes that can cut you to ribbons sometimes . And all you can do is just wait by the < PROPFEMALE > and bleed if it's what she says you ought a do . 
Can anyone tell me why i would have a dream about Liam Neeson trying kill me ? 
Studying/ doing homework ... for work . Aroma Therapy , and Deep muscle Therapy coming soon to a Massage Envy near you :) 
Currently listening to : String Quartet No . 6 in B flat < PROPMALE > . -Mozart , Wolfgang Amadeus . So beautiful . 
i have a full day today . and i am off early . today might be a good day ! :) 
Super bummed :( Just found out 30 seconds to mars will be in Utah this weekend and I can't go . This is the 3rd time i have missed them ! 
I'm still learning what love is . Every time you look at me that way . I'm still trying to figure out just how . You can still look at me the same . Even though I may not get it right . All the time I will always try . And I will always stand right by your side . I'm still learning what love is . Everyday I wake up in your arms . I'm still trying to figure out what works . Guess it may ... It may always be this way 
Oh my goodness little girls are effin crazy ! 
I was meant to make you smile\ 
I was meant to make you shine 
So you have chuckie the doll and the hunchback side by side and say the hunchback is better looking .. but that doesn't mean you think he's super hot hahah 
I need a red bull , and toilet paper . Ahahaha best grocery list ever 
I want to darken in the skies\ 
Open the floodgates up\ 
I want to change my mind\ 
I want to be enough . 
Going to see Devil in ten minutes :) hopefully it's good ! 
Wow . Devil , so freaky ! 
Gonna pick up Aden , and then get < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPMALE > from school . Maybe we'll go to the park for a bit , then i'm taking the monsters to see Legend of the Guardians : The Owls of Ga'Hoole :) Pretty excited ! 
It is astounding to me how obnoxiously pathetic people can be . Honestly you'd think they would tire of it . You'd be wrong . All i can really say is wow . what's worse is im not even surprised . its typical behavior . nothing new . 
About to experience some deep heat muscle therapy :) 
well im at a loss for words . 
wishes this migraine would leave me alone :( 
I hope tomorrow is a better day ! 
oh friday , thank you for finally being here . now lets fast forward thru the next 6 hours yes ? 
I love park city :) what a fun day its been and its only 2 in the afternoon . 
imma make you swallow your pride . 
i'd give up anything . i'd give it all . i'd do anything for you . 
We can't let intolerance and ignorance take another kids life . 
Intolerance and Ignorance something we all struggle with . With the biggest buzz going on in the media , the tragic deaths of those poor children this passed month and to those who are tormented and it goes unkown , and the talk that was given this weekend . HUGE controversy . In my opinion I feel that EVERYONE is entitled to their opinion . 
Imagination is everything . It is the preview of life's coming attractions . 
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal , love leaves a memory no one can steal . i love you uncle < PROPFIRST > . i sure do miss you as well . you are such an amazing soul . that wont ever change . 
i wanna live a life from a new perspective 
Well im an idiot . Locked my keys in my car , stranded at the chiropractic office . 
I believe in nothing\ 
Not the end and not the start\ 
I believe in nothing\ 
Not the earth and not the stars\ 
Not the day and not the dark\ 
But the beating of our hearts . 
Its friday ! Loving the cool weather , Ludo tonight at the avalon .. its a great day ! :) 
Every saint has a past , every sinner has a future . 
What is everyone up too tonight ? 
Life could be a dream\ 
If only all my precious plans would come true\ 
If you would let me spend my whole life loving you\ 
Life could be a dream , sweetheart 
Watching avatar haha :) 
wants some coffee :) 
watchin odin . haha this kid is crazy . love him ! :) 
at the hospital ! 
Happy day of birth baby Jaten :) 6lbs . 10oz . 20 inches long . Welcome to the world ! 
just got home from the hospital , and super tired . < PROPFEMALE > you're amazing ! congratulations to < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , what a beautiful baby boy :) 
haha oh my . im in trouble . 
Out of breath , I am left hoping someday I'll breathe again . 
Bloody < PROPFIRST > 
( holding a t-shirt saying muctache rides 10cents ) \ 
Gupta : What is a mustache ride ? \ 
Todd : That's a little too advanced , maybe next week . \ 
\ 
( holding T-shirt up too Rajiv ) \ 
Gupta : If I give you 10 cents may I have a ride to work tomorrow ? \ 
BAHAHAHAHA Outsourced , probably my new favorite tv show . Just sayin . 
YAY ! My costume came in the mail today ! Super excited for All Hallows < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Went and saw < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and baby Jaten today :) haha every day since Monday . I love that little family :) 
i really need to get this under control :( \ 
sick and tired of being tired ! haha almost a white tie affair song . \ 
Mmm it's finally friday ! Thank you ! \ 
Weekend ... bring it on !! 
Ahaha the people you will meet ! 
SO ... October 30th @ the Depot . Zoo Bash it's only 10$ who is with me ?! Halloween costume prizes $ 1,500 in cash up for grabs and a stay at Wynn Las Vegas ! I really wanna go but I don't wanna go alone :/ LET ME KNOW SOON ! gotta get tickets @ smith's tix . Must be 21+ to attend . 
Right right turn off the lights . We gonna lose our minds tonight ! What's the dealeo ? I love when it's all too much , 5 AM turn the radio up ! Where's the rock and roll ? 
Dont be fancy , just get dancey . THinkin of just stayin up all day ... might as well ! Massage at clinic today ? Probably should . Finishing letter for Grandpa :) Jammin to some pink ! mahaha dirty little freaks ! 
still have not slept . i feel like a zombie lol 
\So now this is over and the world falls upon me . I never expected to be here alone . The shadows are forming as we burst into flames ... Why does this end this way ? \"" 
Haha last night was fun ! 
Pretty sure im in love with this boy :) 
Boo :( i hate shots ! 
Feels better , I definitely needed that . I love you mom :) 
Hahaha the friendship ... Really ? What a bunch of losers ! Pretty sure the BROSHIP kicks ass , and anyone who says different , well they are just sad cause they aren't cool enough to be apart of it :) 
I come from a land down under ! 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter 
Letting go doesn't mean giving up it means moving on . It is one of the hardest things a person can do . We feel that letting go is giving up , quitting and that as we all know is cowardly . But as we grow older we are forced to change our way of thinking . We are forced to realize that letting go means accepting things that cannot be . It means maturing and moving on no matter how hard you have to fight yourself to do so . 
Believe in what you feel inside and give your dreams the wings to fly . You have everything you need if you ... just believe 
I think today will be a good day :) 
Did my first aroma therapy session today . Went pretty well i think :) 
Time for a new < PROPFEMALE > . 
All men dream but not equally . Those who dream by night in the < PROPFIRST > recesses of their minds wake in the day to find that it was vanity ; but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men , for they may act their dream with open eyes to make it possible . 
Haha just finished the dye thanks < PROPFIRST > for being such a great sport ! :) gotta get ready fer the the shred shed ! stoked :D 
Should probably start getting ready for witches night , hopefully it stops raining ... Then on to < PROPFEMALE>'s for a costume bday party ! Tonight is gonna be awesome ! 
Everyone is fighting a bigger battle than you are . You suck it up , deal with it and move on . Don't use it as a crutch . 
It's hard to say that i'd rather stay awake when i'm asleep ... ' Cause everything is never as it seems . 
Hahaha oh man ! Just saw two deer at a cross walk waiting patiently . Dad hit the brakes , and they walked across the street ! 
wants a pouring rainstorm with thunder and lightning ! 
BEEP ! BEEP ! Your bus is here ! Grab your helmet and crayons and let's go ! 
Is going to treat everyone the way they treat me from now on . If that just gave you a bad feeling in the pit of your stomach ... Check yourself . 
I think i need to high five a few faces today . 
Today , i spent 5 minutes shaking a bowl of Jello because it looked cool . i regret nothing 
Hates when she's mid sentence and her brain does that etch-a-sketch thing and < tch tch > everything gets erased . 
Is home alone and totally unsupervised ! hahaha 
What a beautiful hallows < PROPFEMALE > 
For Christmas , i would like a white jacket that makes me hug myself . So i can run down the street yelling i'm free ! I'm free ! 
when the world slips you a < PROPFIRST > , stroke the furry wall . 
Whether you came into my life and left , have just recently come into my life , or have come back into my life , or you've been in my life ... i am so grateful . I love you all more than you'll ever know . And I thank you from the bottom of my heart . I wouldn't be the person I am today without you . 
i am so thankful for the four ( soon to be 5 ) greatest joys in my life . < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Aden , Odin , and baby peanut =) im one lucky aunt :) 
I'm not a child , but my heart still can dream . 
Putting together a list of Christmas movies to watch throughout November/ December ! Anyone have any good ideas of what i should add ? I was originally going to do 25 days of Christmas but im at 27 haha so i changed it :) 
Code : MEGAMIND is my hero ! 
Code : Last night rocked ! 
Code : Bedtime * yawns * 
Code : in bed watching ice age 2 with odin . What a great way to start my morning :) 
Code : started my Christmas movie list ! Today The Nutcracker < PROPMALE > ! And Odin fell asleep lol 
I'm not the same one , see what the time's done . Is that why you have let me go ... if there is love in your heart and your mind , you will feel like Christmas all the time . 
Even with our differences there is a place we're all connected . Each of us can find each other's light . It's up to us to be the change , and even though this world needs so much more ... There is so much to be thankful for . 
People are like stained-glass windows . They < PROPFEMALE > and shine when the sun is out , but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed , only if there is light from within . 
So i heard there was some speculation on today being the end of the world ... 
OHEMMGEE !!! Christmas must be on the way ! Hah smells like Pumpkin Chocolate chip coookies ! 
Disney on ice here we come ! Hahaha 
Its official , I have the world's most amazing little sister . 
Bodka is only for big kids not yiddle kids hahaha oh man 
“To forgive is the highest , most beautiful form of love . In return , you will receive untold peace and happiness . ” 
Sippin ' coffee , nice drive downtown , going to walk around gateway mall with the world's most amazing mom :) i'm so lucky ! 
I get this feeling that time's just holding me down I'll hit the ceiling or else I'll tear up this town tonight I gotta cut loose , footloose kick off your Sunday shoes ! 
< PROPFIRST > , i simply love you ! Huka was so awesome tonight ! 
About to see < PROPMALE > Potter :) 
Tree in back yard is breaking , power is out . We may or may not have a tree in or on our house soon ... Happy winter 
At Ogie's with whole FanDamily ! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ! :D 
Haha whats so scary about a delicious roast ? -Sethro quoting Scooby Doo 
watching a christmas < PROPFIRST > with the family and < PROPMALE > is cuddling me :) perfect way to spend this sunday evening . 
Christmas , children , is not a date . It is a state of mind . 
i may or may not be terrified to drive home >:( 
You don't have to be a shell , no , you're the one who rules you're world . You are strong and you'll learn , that you can still go on ! I am unstoppable . 
On the first < PROPFEMALE > of our story the future seems so bright and this thing turned out so evil I dont know why Im still surprised . Even angels have their wicked schemes and you take death to new extremes . But youll always be my hero even though you lost your mind . Now this gravel in our voices glass is shattered from the fight In this tug of war youll always win even when Im right cause you feed me fables from your hand 
With < PROPFEMALE > words and empty threats and it’s sick that all these battles are what keeps me satisfied ... So maybe I’m a masochist I try to run but I don’t wanna ever leave . Til the walls are goin’ up in smoke with all our memories ... 
I got new sheets today :) haha how lame am i ? Im excited for new sheets :/ 
I was just watching the news , and an 80 year old homeless man was crossing the street against a red light , wearing dark clothing , and was hit and killed by a bus . Im completely heart broken . Thanksgiving is tomorrow , and this poor man was alone , and died alone . I hope his soul is at rest now . Be grateful for your families . Let them know everyday , how much you love them . Just something to think about . 
< PROPMALE > - You say hi i'll say bye . Aden- No you say strawberry i'll say milk ! Milk ! Strawberry ! Milk strawberry ! Haha oh these boys :) 
well i kept to my own personal tradition , and i watched Elf this thanksgiving day . 
All bunnies in the < PROPFEMALE > circle ( and in space ) experience instantaneous proton decay and disappear ... At 3:00 AM ! We've been playing for 3 hours !! 
Girls night ! Sex and the city , cosmos , and great friends ! :) 
I am woman , hear me roar ! 
City sidewalks , busy sidewalks dressed in holiday style , in the air there's a feeling of Christmas . Children laughing , people passing meeting smile after smile and on every street corner you'll hear .. 
Drive safe out there people . its ok that white stuff is snow , remember last winter we got it too ? Right ! Everything will be ok , just slow down and be cautious of other drivers :) Happy christmas time folks ! 
Attention everyone ! < PROPFIRST > is having a baby girl !!!!!!!! YEAH ! Im going to have another niece ! 
Its a GREAT turn out this year for Festival of trees ! This Wed . - Sat . Open 10am-10pm , 2-11 $3 , 12+ $5 , Sen. $4 . Every < PROPFEMALE > earned is donated to The Primary Children's Hospital . EVERYONE come out and support this great cause ! See the beautiful trees , gingerbread houses , even buy gifts ! While you're out enjoying yourself pick up some yummy fudge or hot wonderful sweet rolls and scones 
Yes if my back can continue to cause me pain , that would just be so wonderful ... not :( 
Have you ever thought about what protects our hearts ? Just a cage of rib bones and other various parts . So it's fairly simple to cut right through the mess , and to stop the muscle that makes us confess . 
Apparently i'm on a roll today . First client says , I added years to her life . Second says it was amazing lower back feels great ! Third says it was incredible , and im a magician ! Can't wait to see how my fourth and final client of the day will feel ! 
Dislikes having a broken washer >:[ 
whiskey , < PROPFEMALE > and vodka . 
1 out of every 50 children in < PROPFEMALE > are going hungry , and the number is only getting higher . < PROPFEMALE > ns helping feed americans if you can help , please do . This literally brought me to tears Tent cities are only growing bigger . Where is your child sleeping tonight ? http://www.feedthechildren.org/site/PageServer?pagename=dotorg_homepage 
Hmm . that really is sad , to see how little some people care ... 
Completely beautiful , probably my favorite thing in the whole world ... My grandpa playing the piano . Oh how the sounds of his piano playing fills the house :) 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Clause is coming to town with Odin ! :) 
Festival of trees yummy scones good friends :) this is a good night ! 
At poplar :) 
Feeling sorry for yourself , and your present condition , is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have . 
Somedays we forget to look around us , somedays we can't see the joy that surrounds us so caught up inside ourselves we take when we should give . So for tonight we pray for what we know can be . And on this day we hope for what we still can't see . It's up to us to be the change and even though we all can still do more there's so much to be thankful for . 
wants to get lost in the fog 
Flower , gleam and glow , let your power shine make the clock reverse , bring back what once was mine . Heal what has been hurt , change the fates design . Save what has been lost , bring back what once was mine ... What once was mine . 
Feeling broken barely holding on . But just there's something so strong , somewhere inside me . And I am down , but I'll get up again . Don't count me out just yet . I've been brought down to my knees . And I've been pushed right past the point of breaking , but I can take it . I'll be back - back on my feet . This is far from over , you haven't seen the last of me . 
Something very dark , is playing with your mind , it's not the end of days , just a bump and grind . Show a little more , show a little less , add a little smoke ... Welcome to Burlesque ! 
Now , are those mushrooms ? - I didn't know !! 
Repeat the sounding joy 
I came up in here to rock . Light a fire , make it hot . I don't wanna take no pictures I just wanna take some shots ! So come on , let's go ! Let's lose control ! Let's do it all night ! Until we can do it no more ... Dirty bit haha 
Just got back from Coffee Break with < PROPFIRST > :) that was fun , let's make it a weekly event < PROPFIRST > mieStar ! 
Hey everyone , a very dear friend of mine was blessed with a new granddaughter last Saturday . Unfortunately she was born with a rare heart defect . She will be having surgery on Friday to have it repaired . Please send out positive energy into the universe and keep her in your prayers . Her name is < PROPFIRST > Rosser . Thank you all ! I love you ! 
Exactly 50 years ago today , one of the most amazing events took place . My Daideo was born . Happy day of birth ! One of a kind you are :) 
\i have chocolate in my coffee every morning \"" 
... I really hope today gets better :( 
Everyone my Grandpa was taken to the ER this morning and has now been admitted to the hospital . The Dr. thinks it's pneumonia . If you can please keep him in your thoughts and prayers , and help keep positive energy circulating it would be GREATLY appreciated . I'll update as I know more . Thank you and God bless 
Update grandpa does not have pneumonia . He's been diagnosed with COPD unsure what the course of action is at this moment keep the prayers and positive energy up 
So update on Grandpa he is doing MUCH better ! Thank you to everyone praying and sending your love and positive energy ! He has normal color to his face , he is coherent and talking in complete sentences . We are so happy ! I do ask that you keep him in your prayers and continue to send your love and awesome energy . I love you all , and appreciate you more than I can say ! 
Seeing my favorite man :) Grandpa is doing so great :) 
Happy to report your thoughts positive energy & prayers have helped tremendously Grandpa was singin pistol packin ' mama for us Hopefully he comes home tomorrow ! 
“May you never forget what is worth remembering , nor ever remember what is best forgotten” 
Ah , my caterpillar never turned into a butterfly haha 
Unicorns i love them , Unicorns i love them , Uni-Uni-Unicorns , i Love them ! Uni-Unicorns i could pet one , if they were really real .. And they are ! So i bought one so i could pet it :) 
As long as there's Christmas , I truly believe that hope is the greatest of the gifts we'll receive ... So there always will be a time when the world is filled with peace and love . 
my phone is broken :( so trying to contact me ? message me here ! \ 
And hopefully within the next 2 hours i will have a phone working ! :( 
Wahooo ! New phone ! You can now reach me via cellular device :D 
You stink . You smell like beef and cheese ! You don't smell like < PROPFEMALE > ! He's a fraud ! 
Coffee break with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > #ilovenightslikethese ! 
Last night I took a walk in the snow , couples holdin hands , places to go . Seems like everyone but me is in love . < PROPFEMALE > can you hear me ? I have been so good this year and all I want is one thing . Tell me my true love is here . He's all I want , just for me . Underneath my Christmas tree I'll be waiting here < PROPFEMALE > that's my only wish this year . 
Christmas music , monsters ( and < PROPFEMALE > ) are making snowflakes and getting along too :) It's gonna be a good day ! Haha ! 
We gonna lose our minds tonight ! What's the dealio ? Don't be fancy Just get dancey ! Why so serious ? So raise your glass if you are wrong , in all the right ways All my underdogs ! We will never be , never be anything but loud & nitty gritty , dirty little freaks ! Won't you come on , and come on , and Raise your glass ! Cheers Happy B-day < PROPFEMALE > I love you ! 
I was born to get to get wild , cos ' that's my style ! Oh i had the the time of my life and never felt this way before and i owe it all to you ! -Dirty Bit- 
At The Nutcracker , at The Capital Theatre with < PROPFEMALE > #ilovetheballet ! 
Im not just a whimsical figure who wears a charming suit and affects a jolly demeanor . You know , Im a symbol . Im a symbol of the human ability to be able to suppress the selfish and hateful tendencies that rule the < PROPMALE > part of our lives . If you cant believe , if you cant accept anything on faith , then youre doomed for a life dominated by doubt . 
:( 
Someone stole the can opener . 
Mama is baking . It smells AMAZING . I love Christmas :) 
Yeah , i punch reindeer in the face too haha ! 
So tell me now where was my fault , in loving you with my whole heart ? 
Pretty excited , goin to see the #zoolights ! I've never been ! 
I got a i got a i got a pocket , got a pocket full of sunshine ! Oh oh whoa ! 
Whatever happened to chivalry ? Does it only exist in 80's movies ? I want < PROPFIRST > Cusack holding a boombox outside my window . I wanna ride off on a lawnmower with < PROPFIRST > Dempsey . I want < PROPMALE > from Sixteen Candles waiting outside the church for me . I want Judd < PROPMALE > thrusting his fist into the air because he knows he got me . 
You make breaking hearts look so easy . 
May the spirit of Christmas bring you peace , The gladness of Christmas give you hope , The warmth of Christmas < PROPMALE > you love . - ( This is the message of Christmas : We are never alone ) 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Claus is coming to town with my baby sister and mom & dad . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! :) I can tell today is going to be Wonderful ! 
The best Christmas gift , the gift of life . I have my grandpa this Christmas . He even blessed breakfast . Something he hasn't been able to do in a long time ! 
Seeing Burlesque ! What a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas it's been ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > darling , you never cease to amaze me ! -i'm the only thing keeping you from putting < PROPFEMALE > in your cheerios ! 
I'd be satisfied , electrified to know a guy what takes his time . A guy what takes his time I'll go for any time . A guy what takes his time I'd go for any time . A hasty job really spoils a master's touch . I dont like a big commotion . Im a demon for slow motion or such . Why should I deny that I would die to know a guy who takes his time . 
All my battles have been won , but the was has just begun ! #letswatchthecityburn ! 
They give you fever , when you kiss them . Fever , if you live and learn . Fever , till you sizzle ... What a lovely way to burn . 
... i think today may be a long one :/ fell asleep after 5 am stupid body clock . woke up at 8:20 < PROPMALE > bit late for work ... SUPER tired :( so far 4 massages booked . 
SLC HARDCORE Hoodies ! #HellYeah ! 
If i were a lion , and you were a tuna i would swim out to the middle of the ocean and freakin ' eat you ! 
Homemade deep fried burritos ... not easily made mahaha ! House is smokey , fire alarm may sound ahhaha ! 
Thanks a heap coyote ugly . This cactus-gram stings worse then your abandonment . 
When we are no longer able to change a situation , we are challenged to change ourselves . ~ Victor Frankl . Only issue there is , I refuse to believe I cannot change my situation . I am doing both ! 
“If I discover within myself a < PROPFEMALE > which no experience in this world can satisfy , the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world” 
Well , this is starting of great ! 30min . of Cardio and an hour of Yoga , I feel wonderful . I just need to keep this up ! Sun salutations can energize and warm you , even on the darkest , coldest winter day . 
Probably one the funniest things i've seen .. Odin trying to eat an apple ! 
Digger ! Who are these < PROPFEMALE > owls , and why are they talking to dinner ? 
What kind of devil bird chirps at night ? 
Let me slip out of these wet clothes ... I dont get it why would a sauce packet say that ?! 
< PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > ... In No particular order cept maybe < PROPFEMALE > a little bit more lol I LOVE YOU ! 
What is my word ? 
You and I wake up in jail together . Using only 4 words , what do you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along . 
someone save me , please . Im bored out of my mind ! :( 
I'm on a boat ! 
Ice Castles !! :) i <3 midway 
Well ... That is bogus . Ice Castles are not here :( 
Ok due to a random detour we discovered the ice castles were moved , also they're smaller this year costs 5$ and also closed on sundays ! >:( 
Park City at night , kinda my favorite :) Today has been a good day . 
Where your feet touch the Earth , there is connection . Where your mind travels , there is imagination . Where your eyes look , there is image . 
Nothing beats beats coming out of the canyon , to see the beautiful lights of Salt Lake City :) 
90min . +90min . +2hr . +1hr . = a very worn out < PROPFEMALE > 
owie :( 
Years rolled by and several died and left us somewhat reelin in and out came crawlin ' out and spewed upon the ceiling so what became of rebels that sang for you and me Grapplin ' with their demons In the search for < PROPFEMALE > ... Seven drunken pirates , We're the seven deadly sins 
But look out for those Goblins , they're Evil . 
Haha contaminated the idiots . That just happened 
Bahaha ! Gotta love bein elbow deep in a client's back , and have them drop the F-bomb . Second day in a row even ! And tell me , not to lighten up cracks me up haha 
Goin to mall with < PROPFIRST > ! :D 
Eff this shit . 
man :( neck kinda hurts today . Hope it feels better soon ! I have enough problems lol 
All that we are is the result of what have thought . The mind everything . What we think we become . -- BUDDHA 
Hmm .. 2 needle nose pliers and with the help of my mom and < PROPFEMALE > , we got my industrial piercing out . 
Woohoo ! My dad is comin ' home today ! On the way to the airport with my mama :) 
has just acquired 100,000 gallons of RoundUp and is plotting to destroy all your frickin ' Farmville crops . muahahahahaha !!! 
Hittin ' Green Street tonight folks . Bored ? You should come out ! Ladies you're free ! 
Haha you are my sunshine , my only sunshine ... Pretty sure i haven't heard this song since 2nd grade 
Cockers ... Amazing ! 
Who died and made you < PROPMALE > of anything ? 
i am the master of my fate , i am the captain of my soul . 
:( this is awful i can barely talk my throat is so sore . Hurts to cough , talk , swallow . Headache coming in , I feel horrible 
Still feels terrible :( 
I think it's time to go see a Doctor :( 
Attempting to get some sleep ... Doctors tomorrow , i hope i start feeling better soon :( 
A cold ? This is thee meanest cold I've ever had :( 
Sitting on the couch bein sick , watching < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > . I decided I hope one day i find a man like < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE>'s husband . What a sweet and amazing man . 
Well after sleeping half the day away and lots of water tylenol and mucinexD I am feeling much better . Voice is still groggy , but throat isn't as sore . And headache pretty much gone . Chest still feeling like someone is stepping on it when I breathe in though :/ But I don't feel like crap . So that's good ! :) 
The password is : bffig 
Well , with how beautiful this < PROPFEMALE > is tonight ... I feel like I should be wolfing out or something ! 
I want a man , not a boy who thinks he can ! Haha that just happened . 
Dear snow , i hate you . Glad im inside . Not looking forward to my drive home :/ 
Heard from < PROPFIRST > today :) made me Happy . Hopefully i'll be hearing from < PROPFIRST > soon i miss him a lot ! Only like 6 mo . til he comes home . Sadly < PROPFIRST > will be mia for a lot longer . 
Dear junk mail NO I would not like to sign up for an Injection membership , Thanks . 
Whatever you are , be a good one . 
Definitely driving with the windows down :) 
who is in a lot of pain , and needs a massage ? This girl :/ 
OheMGee ! :/ up til 3 helping my friend move , and get situated into his new place . Up at 8 for work BaH ! Needless to say i'm a tired panda lol 
Ugh today is putting me in a funk :/ its been weird . Can't wait til im off work ... Let me get to my weekend ! It's friday pumpkin ! 
hahaha your boobs are poking out like way far ... i'm trying to find a boyfriend , ok ? bahahahaha ! that was sooo funny :D 
I am cannibal . I'll eat you up ! You better run ;) 
Was watching the grudge on tv for a minute ... Stupid scary chick under the covers literally made me scream ! haha it scared me ! 
Haha yeah . Tonight was fun :) 
a beautiful mess , intertwined and overrun 
Pretty sure my phone is possessed 
¡ ???? ??? s ??? ?? ? ooq ???? ? sn pu ? pu ?? spu ?? ? op ???? u ?? u ?? 
I hear there is scientific proof that birthdays are good for you ... the more you have the longer you live . 
Hi , my name is Ashlemimeigh . The ' mime ' is silent . 
I have an oven with a ' stop time ' button . It's probably meant to be ' stop timer ' but I don't touch it , just in case . 
And thats why you log out of facebook :) Love you Ash !!! 
Well , i've learned my lesson lol 
Love interrupts the past and opens the future to new probabilities . No matter who you are . 
Are you serious ?!?! Mother shot and killed her 16yr . old daughter at computer doing homwork . 13yr old boy in family suv . Why ? She said they were being mouthy . WHAT ?! Oh and it was premeditated 
No way but up , right ? 
Hahaha i love my family . Trying to watch The American ... Key word trying 
< PROPFIRST > Clooney , The American . DUMB MOVIE ! 
Need to invest in some instrumental only cd's ... This , nothing but love songs on the radio crap has got too go . 
Haha Odin definitely just head butt me in the face , then hurried and turned and kissed me lol little punk not fair that he's so dang cute ! 
Dirty Bit . 
That's cute , i remember my first beer haha 
But i guess i'd rather hurt , than feel nothing at all . 
Wow . Today certainly was productive ... NOT ! 
Visiting gma B at the hospital :) 
Well 7 ish hours out of surgery and gma walked to the bathroom WOW ! Pretty proud of that gram :) 
Oh man , now im gonna be in trouble ... triple dukes 
< PROPFEMALE > .. < PROPFEMALE > ! < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! WHAT ?!?! Danger Zone ! :) 
Open me up and you will see , I'm a gallery of broken hearts . I'm beyond repair , let me be and give me back my broken parts . I just want to know today , know today , know today . I just want to know something today , I just want to know today , know today , know today ... know that maybe I will be ok . 
Don't want no paper gangtsa 
Seriously Krieger , you are my Oprah . 
#Superbowl halftime ... #TotallyBlew . Usher kinda saved it , but then it went right back down when he left off stage 
Wow it is a Beautiful day :) 
Haha guy on radio just said good < PROPMALE > of snow ... Bahaha its snowing ! So much for the beautiful day >:( 
Hangin ' out with grandma and dad at the rehab center watching < PROPMALE>'s Law :) 
For the record , I feel the halftime show was SIGNIFICANTLY worse than < PROPFEMALE > Aguilera messing ( one line ) in the Anthem . She did a beautiful job singing it , even though she skipped out on the line . 
February 9 7pm Pre-screening for Just go with it . Do you have tickets ? 
What is wrong with people ?! Cleaning crew finds newborn baby only an 1hr old in the toilet ! Baby in critical condition at the hospital . Im absolutely disgusted ! 
My 15 yr . cousin Triston , who is a cancer survivor is back in the hospital . His white blood cell count is zero and he is really sick . Please , I am reaching out to all of you . Keep him in your thoughts and prayers . Even if you don't know him . Please just send your positive and good energy out into the universe . Thank you and Bless you all . 
??????????????? ????? ??????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that is in heaven , put this as your status !? \ 
??????????????? ????? ?????????????? = 
Where's < PROPMALE > @ Barne's & < PROPMALE > . Waiting for Pre-screening of Just go with it :) I want to go swing dancing . 
... i , love you ... Mmm Mmm * shakes head NO * bahahaha highlight of tonight :D 
I like me . I am a good person , no matter the things I've done in my passed . I know what's in my heart . And I know that I am beautiful inside and out . No one can tell me different . 
Now that it's all said and done , I can't believe you were the one to build me up and tear me down , like an old abandoned house . What you said when you left just left me cold and out of breath ... I never saw it coming I should've started running a long , long time ago . And I never thought I'd doubt you , I'm better off without you . More than you , more than you know ! 
Beautiful day , off work early , old school Linkin Park on the radio ... Today is wonderful . Hello Friday ! :D 
The city looks so pretty , do you wanna burn it with me ? 
Scream your heart out !!!! I love my life :D 
Ink :D 
Well gettin the upper/inner arm done feels like sunshine and rainbows :D 
Happy Birthday Aunt < PROPFEMALE > , i sure miss you . 
< PROPMALE > show , free drinks , delicious dinner , great people Now ive got myself a glass of milk and some oreos , < PROPFEMALE > found easy A , stoked ! Tonight .. great night ! 
Don't you know , im not your ghost anymore . You lost the love , i loved the most . 
Nothing makes me happier , than hearing my Grandpa play the piano . That is without a doubt one of the most beautiful things too hear . 
Triston is doing well today :) i love seeing smiles on that boy's face :) 
... maybe a happy ending doesn't include a guy , maybe , it's you , on your own , picking up the pieces and starting over , freeing yourself up for something better in the future . Maybe the happy ending is just ... moving on . 
Pretty irritated that the thought of you still makes me sick to my stomach . 
Oh my hell . People throughout history are HORRIBLE ! agh ! 
Sometimes the illusions work better than the medicine 
You take the breath right out of me , you left a hole where my heart should be . Ya gotta fight just to make it through . Cause ' I will be the death of you . 
Wow what a beautiful < PROPFEMALE > ! Go look light now ! :D 
This isn't a mustache , it's a time machine . 
I'd give you my heart , if you gave me the truth . 
Believe in fresh starts and new beginnings . 
Question your attachment to external values . Develop self confidence so that you are not so dependent on the opinion of others . Cultivate awareness , acceptance , unselfish love and unconditional giving . 
I want you to know that when I leave It'll be the last you'll ever see of me . I tried so damn hard to fix you . To make you believe in what I see . If you wanna be broken , be broken . I won't dare try to mend you again . I've tried my best to get through , but there's no getting in ... 
Believe that love is an honour and a privilege . 
Believe you might be that light for someone else . 
Believe that nothing , is too good to be true . 
If you happen to know of ANY places that are hiring please let me know ! 
Believe the Universe is friendly and life is on your side . 
Going bowling with < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > :) 
Huh . Well that was helpful 
Abortion is mean . That's definitely what that bumper sticker said . 
It sounded like a big , scary place . Haha yep it did 
Had a bad dream once that I tried to wake up from and couldn't and realized , oh wait ! I'm awake and this is my life ... HAHAHA ! 
Cup of coffee , watching sixteen candles . Today is gonna be good :) 
Have you ever looked fear in the face ... And said I just don't care ? 
Try to realize it's all within your self no one else can make you change , and to see you're only very small and life flows on within you and without you . 
Oh man . That man just peed on the tree in front of the DTSL library . Ha wow . Gotta love downtown 
Haha my nephew Odin is a creep lol 
If you have not seen the movie Buried , don't . Quite possibly one of thee saddest movies i've ever seen . 
Totally saved < PROPFIRST>'s life . Just now . You're welcome . Haha 
\Sometimes the things you want the most don't happen and what you least expect happens . I don't know - you meet thousands of people and none of them really touch you . And then you meet that one person and your life is changed . \"" 
I've come to the conclusion , my family is badass . 
Haha Rockin ' out with mom and < PROPFEMALE > ! Tonight rocks :) 
oh i want to die for just right now , please . 
People say i have a bad attitude . I say screw em ' :) 
Haha laying in bed with Aden this morning and he says i can make shadows on you . I said what ? As he holds up his hands in attempt to do shadow puppets on me from the light shining through the window . I laugh and he says I yike making shadows . Oh I love this \yiddle boy\ " :) " 
Haha Aden : im gonna buy my own drink . Me : with what money ? Aden : oh , can you get me some money ? 
Go insane , go insane . Throw some glitter make it rain ! Bahahaha ! 
I hate sundays , i wish they would be deleted from the calendar ! - a direct quote from < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > hahaha ! 
Drive Angry , pretty bad ass film . 
A girl like me is impossible to find . 
Como se de se El rawr O Haha ! 
Oh man . i hate my phone . So much . On a happier note , I am going to Disney on Ice tonight ! Woohoo ! :D Pretty flippin stoked ! 
oh man ! disney on ice ! < PROPFIRST > skellington ! so excited ! :D 
Oh man . < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > , singing thats how you know from Enchanted ... Probably my favorite . Her < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > , best < PROPMALE > ever ! :) a whole new world , that's where i'll be haha maybe someday my < PROPMALE > will come ! totally geekin ' out right now ! 
I decided when I grow up , I want to be like my big brother . He's pretty much amazing at whatever he does . He's funny he's always got your back when you need it & even if you dont He's so smart & just an all around amazing person < PROPMALE > thanks for being the person you are . I wouldnt trade you for the world Little Big Brother . I couldnt have asked for a better big brother and I love you :) 
Have a sparkling thursday 
Haha oh man dollar store with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > so funny ! 
I wanna get chocolate wasted ! Haha :) 
Oom pah pah oom pah pah thats how it goes ! Oom pah pah oom pah pah everyone knows ! They all suppose what they want to suppose , when they hear oom pah pah ! :D 
Oh man ! Foot fell asleep almost died pain was too much haha 
Bring on friday night ! 
St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Parade , < PROPFEMALE > park , teeter todder with zach haha oh man great day its been ! 
Haha rockin out to ACDC with mom < PROPFEMALE > and the monsters ! Oh yeah best day ever haha - Thunderstruck ! 
Oh man , i need a massage :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Park , drum circle , cards , good friends :) what a lovely sunday ! 
Haha < PROPFEMALE > did the friggin ' eagle dance ! Oh man , she is amazing :) 
the quiet scares me , cause it screams the truth 
Haha oh man just made some bomb ass steak fajitas ! :D 
Who has two thumbs , a mt . dew throwback , sixlets , windows down , blastin < PROPMALE > & the jets , and is having a great day ?! > this girl < haha :D 
There's an SOS on the seas tonight ! 
Here's looking at you , kid . 
< PROPFIRST > Go Bragh :D 
The < PROPFEMALE > - Be they kings , or poets , or farmers . They're people of great worth . They keep company with angels , and bring a bit of heaven here to earth . SLAINTE ! :D 
Awe oh man . Aden < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > told me im amazing :D 
Haha definitely just did a staring contest with my 6 year old nephew Sethro :) 
What ? He's counting his money ? What is he Scrooge ? 
So tell me now where was my fault , in loving you with my whole heart ... 
Sanders anyone ? 
You get what you get , you get what you deserve . 
One day it will be better . Today is not that day :( 
I am a zizzer zazzer zuzz as you can plainly see . 
Have you seen my Kung fu lately ? Cause it has gotten totally awsome ! 
You ! Out Of The < PROPFIRST > Pool - Now ! 
i miss my red hairs :( 
Uh haha life :) 
I'd give my heart as an offering , too late im sure , and lonely . It's just another night , another dream wasted on you . 
Who is amazing has 2 thumbs , and is the newest employee at the American Red Cross ?!?! THIS GIRL ! :D 
:) what a beautiful day it is ! 
Po mo thoin . 
People change and forget to tell each other . 
watchin baby Jaten :D 
Definitely playin war with my niece roxaroo ! :) 
< PROPFEMALE > down !!! Its where you should be ! :D 
Ah !!!! I just did my first < PROPFEMALE > car bomb !!! 
When you lose a part of yourself to somebody you know , it takes a lot to let go . Every breath that you remember pictures fade away , but memory's forever . an empty chair at all the tables and I'll be seeing you when all my days boil down . \ 
For now we'll say goodbye we know it's not the last time . I've lost the best part of my day , but its better where you're going anyway . 
Cuddle-buggin it with my nephew Odin watchin ' A Goofy Movie :) 
Plant your hope with good seeds . Don't cover yourself with thistle and weeds . Rain down , rain down on me . I will hold on , i will hold on hope . 
First day at my real big kid job ! :) I think today is the beginning of my new and improved life . Things are finally turning around . Happy Monday everyone ! 
oh man i can hardly stand it ! im gonna have a niece by the time this day is out !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > is here ! + !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Ember Hatch ! 5:41 pm 18 inches 7 lbs . 3.8 oz :D She is beautiful !! 
Oh man . 141 pics on my camera , Not sure how many I took with < PROPFIRST>'s camera or with < PROPFIRST > & Zach's Camera . BUT fear not ! We have TONS of pictures of this beautiful baby girl !! :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Ember Update : She is being taken to the NICU O2 Stats keep going down to the 70's -normal is 90 and its only when she goes to sleep . I will update you as we know more ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Update : Still on oxygen & an iv only 18 and older can see her All tests show negative or normal dont know why , but she only has a problem when sleeping . 
Happy Day of birth Uncle < PROPMALE > . I miss you so much ! Truly a great man . 
< PROPFEMALE > Update ! Last night she was on 2 things of oxygen , currently down to 1/2 . So she is doing better and breathing more so on her own . Still in the NICU tho . Keep those positive thoughts flowing :D Love you all ! 
Highlight of my day you ask ? Holding < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > just now :) 
That was our problem . We built a fire that destroyed the world 
< PROPFEMALE > Udate : Off of the oxygen , still in Nicu . Trying to get her off of the IV . Sounds like tomorrow she will be able to leave if she continues to progress ! :D 
Driving test in 15 minutes Waaaah ! :/ 
Passed the lift gate test , driving test , written test . Got my scrubs , off early , BEAUTIFUL DAY ! Going to see my niece :) 
Oh man , today ... So Beautiful :D 
Gangsta dance party !!! 
Haha oh man . my sister in law < PROPFEMALE > , tough chick . she'll knock you out lol love you < PROPMALE > 333 
You lie a lot . Ha 
< PROPFEMALE > Update : She is comin home today !!! :) she will be on oxygen and monitored at home though ! 
The < PROPFEMALE > has left the big building ! :) 
Awe it doesn't get better than this :D 
Meh ! :( Forgot my lunch today . No doll hairs . And and i want a big fat Dr. PEPPER ! and im super tired 
Haha and instantly im in a better mood :) 
Huh . Never have i been so disgusted . 
Hey girl with one eye , i'll cut your little heart out . Cause ' you made me cry 
You cant hurry love , no you'll just have to wait ! 
Watching Black Swan :D 
tis ' a grim night , tonight . 
I want to punch someone in the face :( probably myself . My mustache mug just fell out of my hands and broke into a billion pieces outside . FML 
First time getting a crown burger . I do believe I'm hooked ! 
Hahaha ... DANCE 
When I get sad , I stop being sad and be awesome instead . True Story . 
many people strive to be perfect in life , she felt what it was like . 
Haha so just watched Let Me In ... Whoa 
Before you met me i was a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > I caught frogs and called them < PROPMALE > and made myself a < PROPFEMALE > . Before you knew me i traveled ' round the world and i slept in castles and fell in love ... Because i was taught to dream 
Watching Final Destination 2- @Home 
Scared to drive my car :( I need a one 
Awe my grandma is so cute haha love you Gma B 
... I really miss being a little girl :( 
Archer makes everything better haha 
I’m giving up on doing this alone now\ 
Cause I’ve failed and I’m ready to be shown how\ 
He’s told me the way and I’m trying to get there\ 
And this life sentence that I’m serving\ 
I admit that I’m every bit deserving \ 
But the beauty of grace is that it makes life not fair 
Soooo tired :( I want my bed 
Meh ! >:( hate life right now ! 
Seriously wants Zupas for din din :D 
Never drink to feel better , drink to feel even better ! 
Going on my first mobile :D 
So when in doubt just call my name . Just before you go insane . If I ever leave this world . Hey I may never leave this world , But if I ever leave this world alive ... 
Don't want no paper gangsta wont sign away my life to someone who's got the flavor but don't have no follow through . Don't want no paper gangsta won't sign no monkey papers\ 
I don't do funny business , not interested in fakers ! Bahaha love bein up this frigging early 
SLC ! i love you . 
Haha wow I know some stupid people . 
Haha oh man ! If looks could kill ... I would be dead lol geez Odin 
Meet me in the back , with the < PROPFIRST > at the juke box ! 
I rise ... You fall . 
Easter spells out beauty , the rare beauty of new life . 
Let me tell you something , I am not your big , but I'll hit you . I will hit a child . I've never done that before , but I will punch you in the face . 
I feel like dancing tonight , I'm gonna party like it’s my civil right , it doesn’t matter where , I don’t care if people stare , because I feel like dancing tonight . 
You know what I don't get ? -petty Jr. High vandalism on church bathroom stalls ... 
Hmm ... Red ? 
Everyone must be held accountable for their actions . 
Some people will never learn . 
Straight up gangsta shii . I hate west valley . 
Wow . Police officer gunned down . Officer is stable and doing well ! Officers chased suspect to just down the street . Idiot crashed into a parked car ... Oh and three car crash yesterday due to suspected drug dealer . I cannot wait to get out of west valley !! 
Stoked for tonight ! 
Never- dance in the shower haha ! 
Partyin with my favorite girl < PROPFEMALE > !!! Tonight is amazing 
Oh man ! Tonight- was a top night ! 
Beautiful freakin ' day off work early snd gonna < PROPFEMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > . Today my friends- is a good day ! 
< PROPFEMALE > - from the duo < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > on The Voice ! Haha That's Rad ! 
Mom has surgery tomorrow morning for a new shiny hip . Second one she's had , so that sucks . But I ask you all to say a prayer for a full and speedy recovery ! Good thoughts and positive energy her way please :) I love you mom . 
