HAPPY NEW YEAR !!!!! 

really tired of men being unsufferably rude .... then acting like nothing ever happened !!!! 
Thank Goddess i only have one more night to work this week ... I am so tired 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Sittiung in The White Elephant Saloon ( Ft . Worth TX ) enjoyin a shot of good ole < PROPFEMALE > 
lovin my < PROPFEMALE > . 
Blown Away !!! my sister just found me 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who is an idiot . Idiots affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for stupidity , but we can raise awareness ...... 
Damn why cont the Cowboys get it together when we need it !!! :( 
So tired :( only 2 1/2 hrs sleep 
good night all .. tired after a long night at work . 
lovin my new < PROPFEMALE > computer :) 
The color of your bra made the news BUT WILL THIS ? Lets SUPPORT our Troops . If you support our Troops then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !!!!! This should appear in everyone's status ! Please do this for the ones that make this the Land of Free and the Home of the Brave 
well kiddos have no school tomorrow thank god its my friday 
loving my < PROPFEMALE > 
got to love it when kids throw up and make a mess in ur living room 
DAUGHTER WEEK : if you have a daughter who makes you life interesting and fun , who has been a blessing in your life and generally makes life worth living just by being around - copy and paste this to your status ... Love U Bekah And Grace 
So we have 4 hours till we find out if my son ( and < PROPFEMALE > ) are giving me a granddaughter or grandson 
Well I have a grandson on the way in july 
Looking for work .. had a nice break but now thing are getting really rough 
wishing i could find a job 
so tired of looking for work and not finding anything :( 
HAPPY ST . PATRICKS DAY !!!!!!! Are You Wearing Green ? 
wishin it would warm up 
What is up with facebook .... none of my apps will load all the way grrrrr ! :( 
how are some people accessing their apps but some cant grrrr !!! :( 
Just found daughter's hampster passed away over the night ... time to attend a hamster funeral :( RIP Obama the hampster 
I am a cook , a housekeeper , a parent , a teacher , a referee , a nanny , a nurse , a handy man , a maid , security , and a comforter . I don't get holiday , sick pay , or a day off . I work through the day and some of the night . I am under paid and over worked . Now tell me that YOUR job is harder then mine . Repost this if you're a MOM or a DAD !!.... 
I really hate it when people make promises that they dont keep 
Had a great weekend with friends in Ft Worth . :) 
Why are men so stupid 
Crazy day !!!! my little Loki ( mini schnauzer ) took off last night , he got put it doggy jail for the night . Had a Dr. appt for me , then for the dog for rabies vacination now got to get the girls at 2pm for their Dr. Appts . then off to stephenville to get our glasses fit ... argh !!! am I ever gonna be out of the car ..... :) 
So had a really weird dream this morning ... 
to kids sitting side by side in blackness singing the song \ Iko Iko \"" 
Happy Mother's Day !!!! 
woohoo lightning storms .. love it :) 
Congratulations to my Neice for a beautifu baby boy 
A whole generation of metal heads (' 80's kids ) are morning . RIP < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Dio ( 1942 - 2010 ) 
Stressin so bad ... still looking for work .. bills piling up ... tired of never making it :( 
Anyone got an idea how i can come up with $1000 ? 
hate when men wake up grumpy 
Thank you all for all the Birthday wishes ...... I feel loved 
Feelin a little hurt ... even though i am greatful for all the birthday wishes .. the person who has been my friend the longest hasnt called me 
back from a mini vacation ( curtesy of some GREAT Friends ) will post pics later 
Pics of my trip are posted 
just got back from the lake :) I am < PROPFEMALE > burnt after only 3 hrs 
off to the lake 
well good news .. no need to biopsy vocal cords .. bad news had to go through the intubation to find out .. my throat is killing me :( 
wishing my throat would stop hurting 
July 6th late in the day 8lbs 12 oz thats what i hope 
Well four days post throat surgery and very slowly healing .... 
Alot going on this last week or so ... Had Vocal Cord Surgery ( 07/08/10 ) and Grandson Born on 07/13/10 ... Rabert < PROPFIRST > 8lb 14oz 21inches .... < PROPFIRST > back in Hospital due to bilirubin levels way to high 
Got to love Texas summer thunderstorms 
trying to learn new phone ... argh ....!!! 
Woot finally got the phone I wanted ! 
Lovin my motorola back flip !! 
Out fishin with elzie and grace . Havin a blast !! :) 
Made it through first day of school for the girls 
Made through the first 2 weeks of school with girl without any problems 
Missin my friends :( 
Why is u attract friends that r to busy to see that I am floudering in loneliness . :( 
Pretty sure I just broke my left pinky toe :( 
Yes < PROPFEMALE > it does hurt .. but not much to do but < PROPMALE > tape it to its neighbor and go on with my day . 
Enjoyin the nice evening with my girl 
Wishing I could get over the \ I am unworthy\ " tape in my head .... thanks dad :( " 
Ever felt so alone ur only hangin on by a thread ? 
Enough of the boo hoos and pity parties time to remember what I am thankful for 
Well had my first night at QuickStop 
Roaring Ranger Days 
Missin my Lover :( ...... he JUST had to go fishin ... damn fool < PROPFEMALE > 
Soooo tired ..... 9 hr day at quickstop 
Wishin headache would go away 
Watchin < PROPFIRST > Poppins ! 
Watching Gettysburg 
On this day 19 years ago , I wa given the gift of a beauiful son . I grow more proud of him everyday as I see the man he is maturing into . Happy birthday , < PROPFIRST > 
My love got me the second seaon of true blood on dvd .... 
Really missin my boy today ... only 7 hrs away and so far 
Really hate pig headed people !!!!!! 
Why do I even bother nothin I ever say is right !!!!!! 
Apparently his answer to every thing is to run away .... it is fishing today 
Started readin water meters for City of Ranger today .... so tired 
Homecoming !! Go bulldogs !! 
Damn !!!! Why can't the Cowboy's get it together ? 
Why even bother ... when ur advances are either denied or ignored .... 
Now done with the boohoos . Now I am pissed off .... wtf 
More City work ..... gonna piss of some people ... pullin water meters 
Its Mommy Week ! Post as your status along with when you became a Mommy ! October 4 , 1991 3:25 am 
Off to work again 
Well up early to start a new day ... voolunteer for Get'er done day then work @ 3 ....... day 10 of workin with no day off 
How long does it takes 3 teenage girls to get ready to volunteer to work ...... eternity .. lol 
Wishin I felt better 
Finally got the album player workin ... woohoo nothin like the album needle to get the true sound . I missed our albums ! 
Ahh I feel so bad for my girl , Grace ... she has been planning a sleepover/party for 2 weeks and now her friends flake out 2 days before ..... and she has already spent her money on food and decorations ...... :( 
Freezin .... wishin I could cuddle ..... alass I am alone 
missin my boy ... he's all the way in Oklahoma living the adult life . http://yearbook.com/a/pqj0z?ref=nf 
Wow fall is definately here ... brr cold 
Ok so went outside and it is kind warm ... lol just my house is cold 
Good nite all 
Happy Halloween Everyone ! http://yearbook.com/a/ptrst?ref=nf 
ok when is Cowboys owner gonna realize that he has bad coaching and his team is suckin ! http://yearbook.com/a/pumne?ref=nf 
DAMN !!! CAN'T THE COWBOYS KEEP THE BALL !! 
All the goblin have gone home . :( 
Good Morning all http://yearbook.com/a/q16mc?ref=nf 
Brr cold .... 92 on halloween 60 today .. Wtf ! 
Well go to go to work now :) 
Well ttyl yb ..... to shower and get ready for work .. get to go see my grandon this we ... http://yearbook.com/a/q8z69?ref=nf 
Good Night everyone .... 
Good morning all ... soon heading up to see my boy sure do . iss him 
WooHoo its Friday !!!!! Been looking forward to today for 3 weeks ..... get to go see m ... http://yearbook.com/a/qcajd?ref=nf 
Just past Ft . Sill OK 
Murphy's f$%kin law ..... almost there and truck heatin up 
Woohoo just the thwermostat .... back on our eway 
Drivin through Oklahoma City 
Made it here last night .... lovin seein my boy 
Why can't anything go right ? F&%kin murphy ! Just when we r havin a good time ..... 
Gonna try to get a room soon ... soooooo tired ... gonna be home later then we thought 
Nevermind he is stubborn we r less than 100 < PROPMALE > from home guess we pushin it 
Well we made it home finally .. at 7 this morning 
Well got o see my boy . :) and take a trip to AR to see my aunt , great weekend http://yearbook.com/a/qpnpm?ref=nf 
Watchin Inglorious Bastards with Elzie .... quiet relaxin night .. early bed night 
Just got home from job #2 ... < PROPFEMALE > cookin dinner 
Exhausted .... 
Lovin my new fav show Spartacus ; Blood ans Sand ....... 
Woohoo rockin out to all the old Lps : Boston , Pink Floydd . Queen , Journey , Cat Stevens 
I HATE holidays ! he volunteers to cook and when I am helpin and ask a question he yells at me ... as though he's the only one who has to work 
Happy Thanksgiving to all .. today is the day we remeber what we have and who have not .... 
Making turkey enchiladas with green chili white suace tonite .... 
Just gettin off work .. good day 
Just watched 8 seconds ..... once againit made me tear :( 
Everybody please pray for my besties stepdad ..... in ICU after QUAD accident ... major brain trauma multiple broken bones . 
So be an ass to me before u go deal with this mess u got into before me ...... nice 
Another long day 
SO TIRED !! 
14 yrs ago I had my youngest daughter ..... I am so proud of the young woman she is becoming 
Grace : ikr I'm happy 
Well my 14 yr old would rather go on a walk with her girlfriends then spend time with me 
Spent the evenin with 4 teenage girls .... have I gonw insane ? 
I have spent all evening with 4 teenage girls .... Have I gone insane ?! 
Well made it through the night with 4 teenage girls ... thank god foe xbox360 rockband ...... lol 
Missin my son :( 
A quiet morning to reflect 
Being a bitch and picking on everyone just to be mean I love being a bitch 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Eve .... it is finally raining here after 3 months 
Grace : wow I had no idea at itz been three months .... how many people have family away for christmas ???? 
Missing my family that is far away from me 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS TO ALL 
so my weiner dog gave me a broken nose for christmas 
So I got a broken nose for xmas from my puppies 
Off to work .... woohoo 
Ok so I think I am to old to party all weekend ... I am just now feeling human ... lol 
Hating my job right now ..... 
There needs to be an age limit on having your drivers license !!! Old driver are dangerous ! 
OMFG !!!!! WTF is his problem !!!!!!!!!!!! Walking around here like a < PROPMALE > throwing things . 
Now he is sleepin a peace and quiet 
Has anyone ever walk in to a room and everyone becomez quiet , and u no that they were just talkin bad about you ..... 
Finally some rain ... :) hopefully it lasts .. we r so dry out here . 
Wtf .. first thing . In the morning bitching at me .... damn ! 
Too sick to even argue 
Out to lunch with my < PROPFEMALE > 
I believe that animal owner should be made to live in the exact conditions they have made their animals live in . A person who starves , and leaves their animal out in the cold should be treated with the same cruelty ! 
These r times when I remember why I don't drink ( much ) 
Now everybody is hungover but me .. that's why I don't drink :) 
Everytime I go take care of the dogs at animal control it breaks my heart ... and makes me hate people 
So I posted some pictures of some sweet dogs that are in the animal shelter that i work for . Unfortunately this is not a \no kill\ " shelter and they are at risk of being put down . I need everybody's help to find them a good forever home ... please pass this along " 
Well updated my phone . .. let's see if it works better 
So updated my phone and it still sucks . They say it is malfunctioning . No shit ! Gonna send me a new one 
well got the \new\ " phone from insurance company and it didn't work at all WTF !!!!!!! Oh well they are sending me a HTC Aria now we will see " 
it seems I cant find anyone to help me with the \pit bull\ " i recently rescued " 
Please Help Me Help these Dogs http://yearbook.com/a/ytee8?ref=nf 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'm in the 1% 
Stressed out !!!! Cant seem to get in contact with any of the rescue sites for the pit bulls we rescued 2 weeks ago 
got my new phone ... HTC Aria .... so far loving it ! 
Tryin out my new phone 
Great .... got an animal control call to go on this morning . :( stray dog in a field . 
1st person to like my status - I'll change my last name to yours for a week \ 
2nd person to like my status - I'll write love you on your wall for 3 days \ 
3rd person to like my status - I will answer any question . ( Inbox Only ) \ 
4th person to like my status - Can choose my profile pic \ 
Put this as your status if you're brave enough 
Describe Me In One Word :) U May Regret Sending This 2 Everyone But Do It . You Might Like What U Hear 
Wtf 73 today ..... 
Wtf . Nobody thought to call me 
LOL I just change my language setting to \ English ( Pirate ) ... Funny as hell " 
Don't know what his problem is 
Now be is ignoring me .... f%&k him 
Grace 
He still has an attitude Wtf 
Ok snow is cool but really it is f-ing cold !!! 16 degress with wind chill of -3 
Holy Hell it is cold!!!!!!!:'| 
This week we remember all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met , those we have held but could not take home , the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all lost angels . 
Ok this cold is ridiculous 11 degrees and add the wind chill it is -5 
It is bitter cold and snowing 
slow cooked Chicken Cacciatore for dinner tonite 
somebody just brought me a beagle pup .. damn cops told him where i live ( for animal control ) instead of givin him the number 
so when you have too get up and get your own coffee in a restaurant , and then the waitress is rude to you about it and gives you \ the hand \ " ..... what do you do ? Me ? really think about slappin the bitch " 
Ok guess I am on call for city 
So OMG !!!! City Sewer backs up in old mans house and flows into and through it for over 6 hrs and American Red Cross doesn't think that is a disaster ... the answer i get is \that is a plumbing issue\ " ummm NO !!!! the guy's house is ruined . " 
ok people if you cant take care of your animals dont just drop them off in the street .... call animal control and surrender them !!!! I am tired of picking up dropped off puppies 
Needing help to find homes for a few dogs in the Ranger Animal Control shelter ...... http://yearbook.com/a/10fmik?ref=nf 
good night all ........ had a long day cleaning getting ready for family to come out for the funeral 
So tired 
oops I was logged on as < PROPFEMALE > ..... WOOHoo picking up in laws today 
Loving Having my In-laws here ... even though it is sad why there here 
Loud ass tv 
so m bestie is in New Orleans ( a day's drive from me or half a day to meet me half way ) and she cant make the time to see me after not seeing me for nearly 2 years 
So < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > was great but < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s crowd sucked ass ..... so rude couldn't her < PROPFIRST>'s stories 
First one to catch a fish and on my new pole 
in the last week of < PROPFEMALE>'s pregnancy puppy watch has started 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : if you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words are harder than you think . 
Spending time with my son has been great ...... I will miss him when we go home ... but at least he'll be closer ... 
finally home .... really am tired .. and hating Oklahoma 
In eastland with 11 Queensland heelers fun fun 
going to see my son today .... the girls are excited !!! they sure missed him 
