Where were you in 1987 ? 

I have learned a very important life lesson . If the house is quiet there is something wrong . I could hear a pin drop right now which means < PROPFIRST > is doing something that he shouldn't be ... 
I have power again ! YEEEHAAA !!!! 
Two of my dogs ran away and we can't find them . :( 
My babies are home ! They have come back to live with me once again . 
I need my vacation to start now ... 
is glad that Grandma was hurt by the mob after church .... 
is sad that < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > weren't able to come over today . I took < PROPFIRST > over to bike ride with his grandpa instead . 
Just happy to be home away from the explosion !!!! No more BOOM please ! 
Happy New Day !!! 
Vaca log , final day . Well , what a long strange trip its been ? I have to get up so early tomorrow . Back to work . The time has been fun . I wish it would last longer . I enjoyed everything except gas prices . Is the price still scarey ? Dont tell me . I will find out soon enough . 
I don't want to clean . I don't want to cook . All I want to do is nothing . Just for a day ... 
is going to eat worms 
what a day . Tonight at 6pm I took a leap off a < PROPMALE > . I cut off my hair ... my back is naked . My head lost about 5 lbs . I turned my head at a yield sign and I think my head spun in circles because it is so light . I have also decided that I will owe the hospital money for my entire life . At least they don't charge by the hour . 
I am going to see < PROPFIRST > Mouse LIVE !!!! WHOA ! Yippee !!!! 
M-I-C-K-E-Y M-O-U-S-E !!!!! That was so much fun . Sign me up to move to Disneyworld or live on Sesame Street !!! 
Is it Saturday night yet ? 
didn't make it to bowling tonight but the R & R was worth it . 
WOW ! So get this . My husbands birthday this month falls on the full < PROPFEMALE > . My birthday next month falls on the full < PROPFEMALE > ! This will have again in 19 years . Were we pulled together by the forces of nature ? What could this mean ? 
uh oh ! Mom is on her way to the ER .... too many hot dogs in cafe world ? Just kidding mom ! 
So where is a cheap place to have a birthday party for a child but a nice gathering place for adults to chill ? 
I just voted for Rusty ... Hey neighbors ! Did you rememeber to vote ? 16 minutes ... 
is sooo bored . I am so bored I can't sleep . I think I'll start calling everyone I know right now to see what they are doing . Just for fun I will start by calling people with an odd number of letts in their first name ... 
there are just no words , no words can explain all of this . 
yeah , Go Cards ! I can't wait ! 
WOW ! That was so much fun ! < PROPFIRST > drove a 2010 Red Silverado truck around Hammons Field with the batting coah and pitching coach in the back . It was AWESOME ! What a rush to see 7061 people watching ! I loved the old men that would wave at me like I was some hot shot person they know just to impress their friends . But ya know me .. I waved back . 
I am so happy that I didn't even mind when a lady spilled her beer down my back when we were walking to our seats !!! What a great time . I have a great husband ! What a great day ! 
I am never going to sleep tonight . I am toooooo excited !!! 
ok neighbors , I have a GREAT idea . I am going outside to sleep in the bed of the truck ! Maybe I'll be able to find fingerprints that the coaches left behind ... 
Have you ever googled the word \google\ " ? I did . " 
Hey everybody ! We should collect food items , personal items , and everthing else we can think of to help those families from the fire . I hope we can find out the ages of the children who lived there so maybe we can even get a few toys and stuff . They had to of lost everything . How sad . We are one big community and now is the time to stick together and help each other out . Who is with me ? 
http://www.kspr.com/news/local/91435429.html 
I will never forget 15 years , 7 hours , and 29 minutes ago ... 
How does < PROPFIRST > know how to spell \oven \"?" 
Vacation here I come ! 
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG !!!!!! 
I have the BEST HUSBAND EVER !!!!!!!!!!! Happy birthday to me !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ~ !!! 
3 years ago today I got the best present ever . We got to bring < PROPFIRST > home from having surgery . :) 
is watching Sesame Street ! Yippee ! 
22 hours until the concert of the year !!!! 
Happy Mothers Day ! 
Today , give a stranger one of your smiles . It might be the only sunshine he sees all day . ~ Quoted in P.S. I Love You , compiled by H . < PROPMALE > Brown , Jr. 
Please just let me hide inside a hole all weekend ! 
< PROPFIRST > come home soon !!! We miss you !!!! 
\Uh-oh Spaghettios\ " and \ " Thank goodness for Chef Boyardee\ " have a new and special meaning now ! " 
Today is < PROPFIRST > Cullen's birthday ! My day must be complete now ... not . 
Ah , nothing like waking up to eat a nice big bowl of recalled Fruit Loops ! How did I spend last Saturday you ask ? I returned the recalled Spaghettios . Next Saturday I will be planning the garden for next year and plotting on where to put my new farm animals . New goal : grow and slaughter my own food so I don't have to spend every Saturday returning recalled products to the store . 
We are here to make a better world . No amount of rationalization or blaming can preempt the moment of choice each of us brings to our situation here on this planet ... \ 
\ 
The big battles that we won cannot be reversed . We were young , self-righteous , reckless , hypocritical , brave , silly , headstrong and scared half to death . And we were right . .... < PROPFEMALE > Hoffman 
A note to all teenagers out there : once you have kids you NEVER get to sleep in EVER AGAIN . Just think about it . I got home at 2am and still I am awakened at the usual time by a little hyper toddler . Ah , the joys of parenthood . 
Thanks everyone ! < PROPFIRST>'s T-Ball team sold the most tickets !!! You will see him and his friends on the field with the Springfield Cardinals Thursday night !! Yippee ! 
Ladies and gentlemen : tonights feature presentation is CARS ! This will be the 1346th showing . ( Yes , you guessed it ! That is how many days old < PROPFIRST > is ) . Final call for juice and Cheese-Its will be at 8:15 pm . Please make your selections now before intermission to brush your teeth . As always , this Disney-Pixar feature presentation will be in surround soundfor your personal enjoyment . Thank you , the management ... 
Don't forget to vote !!! 
\A generation lost in space with no time left to start again . \"--- name that tune ! " 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH 
Grocery prices are just too high ! Gosh ! Well , maybe it is the electric < PROPMALE > . I have to pay that . It is a conspiracy between grocers and electric companies !!! That is what it is ! 
YIPPPEEE !!!! We made it to school !!! Heaven help all you teachers !! You have your hands full . I LOVE REPUBLIC !!!!! 
I am home alone !!!!! YEEEEHAAAA ! 
Poor bus drivers today . I bet not one of the buses made it to school on time . 
I learned something this morning . I had no idea that Republic had so many police officers . They are doing an awesome job on patroling and directing traffic this morning ! Thanks ! 
Thank yo < PROPFEMALE > Crocker for the perfect recipe for blood ! I can't wait for halloween !!! 
Ok , it is safe to come home now ... all the crying has stopped . 
Me : < PROPFIRST > , what do you want to play outside ? < PROPFIRST > : I want to play with Brownie but not Sabel , she died . Me : ( My heart broke just a little bit more ) . :( 
i llllllove mmmmyyyyyyyyyyy mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmoooooooooooooooooooommmmmmy 
i looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooovvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmyselllf 
wow ... Farmville is killing me 
I have heard a horrible rumor today that granny retired . It is a RUMOR ! Granny has not retired . People , trust me when I say this : if there is something I have to say I will say it . If Granny were to retire she would not just drop and leave everyone hanging . What would the kids think ? 
This has been one of the worst days of my life . I will not say it can't get any worse b/c I know it can . I have learned to trust nobody . I have learned that people only care about themselves . I have learned that I am in this world alone . This sucks ! People suck ! 
hmmm ... what to eat for dinner ? 
i love you mom 
is feeling happy 
ah , home from work ... 
Everyone please play ! It will be fun to learn where all your \ 
FB friends were born . Copy and paste this to your status with place of \ 
birth after it . .... Springfield , Missouri 
Happy Birthday , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
This was a wonderful day ! I can't remember the last time I played so much ! I still feel so lucky that I survived the blessing I was given 4 years ago . Happy birthday , < PROPFIRST > ! I love you , forever and always . 
Can you tell me how to get to Sesame Street ? < PROPFEMALE > 95.5 did this morning when I won FREE tickets to see Sesame Street Live !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yippee !!! 
On my way , everything's A-OK . Freindly neighbors everywhere to meet !!! 
46 days ... and I am \on my way to where the air is sweet \"!!!!!" 
33 days ... 
I like it on the back of the chair in the kitchen . 
28 days !!!!! Sesame Street here we come ! I can't wait to finally meet you < PROPMALE > !!! 
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal , love leaves a memory no one can steal . 
3 days , 15 hours until we meet < PROPMALE > thanks to Alice @95 . 5 !! Yippee !!!!!!! 
Fun Facts : Sesame Street first aired November 10 , 1969 . 41 years later on the exact birthday of Sesame Street , < PROPFIRST > will be seeing Sesame Street Live for the first time !!! Yippee !!! Oh , yeah ! I have seen this before , remember mom ? 
Sesame Street : 60's-Groovy , 70's-Cool , 80's-Radical , 90's- Awesome , 00's- Fly , Today- SWEET !!!! This explains what Sesame Street Live was like so each generation can understand . It was amazing !!!! 
Happy 41st birthday , Sesame Street ! Please join our celebration by changing your Facebook profile picture into a picture of your favorite character for the rest of the week . Tell your friends and spread the word ! ? 
I am hungry , is that bad ? 
Change your default facebook picture to a cartoon character from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on facebook until Monday the 6th of Dec . Join the fight against child abuse , and invite your friends to do the same . 
¿Cuándo mi bebé niño romper su fiebre ? 
Morgan : Guys , give me a minute I have to check my Farmville . ( I don't even know what to think about this ) . 
Rest in peace Little Baby Buttons we will love you forever ! 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ok , I don't feel better . Shouldn't I ? 
qwihgaqtvanbhardldhaby !!!!! That is all I will say about that . 
This is so much fun tracking < PROPFEMALE > !!! We have called the air force base every hour even though we have been checking NORAD's website !!! Love It !!!!! 
Mele Kalikimaka ! A big thanks to NORAD for letting us know that < PROPFEMALE > made it back safely to the North Pole . His trip ended peacefully at 4am CST . BTW , I saw what you left in the front yard < PROPMALE > !!! Ha , ha , ha !!! 
Vaca log , day 4 , I think : it has been so many days now I am losing track of time . I am preparing for the worst . I received a phone call that said gas pricies are up to $2.95 a gallon . This is 30 cents higher than when I was last in the real world . Are there any survivors ? The last time this happened ... I will begin boarding up the house for safety . I may have to pack up my son and hike to Bass Pro for more ammo . 
Vaca Log . Day something after 4 : Just woke up to find there are people who have survived . However , those people will run out of gas soon . We better go with plan B . Mars needs women ! 
< PROPFEMALE > , thanks for the secret ! 
I hate Transformers . That's all I have to say about that . 
PLEASE put this on your status if you know someone or are related to someone who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable , and in case you didn't know , they can breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower , armed with fire extinguishers . The remaining 1% are awesome , and will re-post this . Will you ? 
is at the laundromat because the washer stopped working .... i feel like i live in an apartment again . But who is this kid that keeps calling me mom ? 
Does anyone know how to get signed up for Tiger Texts ? I wanna know the school closings without effort too ! 
Please cancel school Republic ... only on Tuesday's and Thursday's . 
Days fans ... help me . My dish was out and I missed 5 days of Days . I have some questions . I know it was a good week . 
Ok people . I have poked my last person tonight . I have to go to bed so I can get up extra early to make a big warm breakfast for a growing 4 year old . I am thankful . My heart pours out to the family of the woman who was murdered . 
No school Billings , Clever , Marionville ... come on down the highway . You can do it ! 
Do you people get up early just to poke me ? 
Wow . I have never seen so many teenagers with babies at church before . 
I miss my baby . I love you < PROPFIRST > ! Come home soon ! 
Nothing beats getting off work twice on a Friday . I cant wait to get home . 
14 days since the death of my washer . I guess if it hasn't come back to life by now , it won't . Time to start plan B . First I have to make plan B . 
I have the best husband ever ! Feel better soon . 
Morgan : Be sure to get up by 6am so you have time to help grandma get ready for church . I love you ! Call me after dinner ! 
Go House of Representatives !!! Pass that < PROPMALE > !!! 
Attention all teachers : Thank you ! It takes a special person to help a child be all he/she can be . A teacher is patient , kind , and can always find the best in a student . I had a great day at Mt . < PROPFIRST > Intermediate School today ! < PROPFEMALE > you are the best !!! 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > !! I hope < PROPMALE > got you something better this year other than bottle caps ! 
I am going to the Discovery Center with Mom , Dad , and < PROPFIRST > . Yippee ! 
To all those people who helped me get out of the snow so I could make it home : Thanks !!! I only got stuck 3 times . I was kindly assisted by fellow coworkers , neighbors , family , strangers and facebook friends ! Thank you all ! 
I am so comfortable in my clothes today . 
MODOT closed I-44 . WOW ! 
Why is it every time the news is on we watch the weather like it is about to change ? What ? It hasn't started melting yet ? Oh , yeah , must be the single digit temps holding us back . Duh . Yet I am still counting down to the nine o'clock news . I have become the little old lady that has nothing to do but watch the news . 
Attention all family members : If you are related to my mother call one of us for details . Facebook is not a good place to find out bad news . 
If your last name is < PROPFIRST > Deren .... please call me !!! 
So , my mothers brother had a heart attack . He had surgery today to replace a valve and other stuff . He is out of surgery now and in ICU . There were so many family members to contact and my mom was stuck at work . I think everyone knows now . I didn't want to post it on fb until the family knew . Everyone lives so far away . 
ZUMBA !! 
I got a new washer ! Yippee !!! Thanks to my daddy for all his help ! 
I love my new eco-friendly washer !!! 
Hi everybody ! If you get ahold of < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > tickets and don't want them please let me know . If you have tickets and realized that your sisters wedding is that weekend , I can help you out ! Call me !!! 
