Missing my son < PROPFIRST > , who just graduated Navy boot camp . But , Im sooooooo proud of him !!! He's my hero ! 

Hey Guys !!, Gotta go to ohio Friday , my son there needs me for awhile , and dont kno when I'll be back . Please keep us all in ur prayers . Things tough for them , and I hope to be a help to them thru this rough time . Im getting to see my grandaughter , Zoey for da first time tho !! WooHoo lol I appreciate ur paryaers and kno , the Lord is watching and this too , shall pass !! 
Im cumin 2 lakeland wednesday !!!!!!!!!! Amtrak and me gonna be best friends LOL U guys get ready and cant wait 2 c u all !!!!!!! 
Sad 2 leave lakeland . Pray i get job here so i can move bak asap . 
At work , waitn 4 sumtn 2 happen lol if sum1 cums around , I MAKE it happen myself lol 
Great new song !! I cud use a wish rite now !! 
i am soooo bored at work !! 
Im gettn closer to Lakeland !! Heard from hospital and waiting 4 the setup time . WOOHOO !!! Thanks 4 all ur prayers and dont stop now !! LOL 
Went to lakeland yesterday to do more paperwork for job , hated to leave lol All thats left now , is lab work to finalize i'm safe to work there . Orientation on da 19th !! WOOHOO !! 
Da 17th is gettn closerrrrrrr and soooo ready go home !!!!! Can't wait 2 c u all and b in a brite happy place again with special ppl Ive missed so much ! Dont kno how I got thru without all ur help after being abandon and abused . Been real tough 2 years but God took care of me and bringing me home 2 a job Ive waited 4 along time . cant wait 2 spoil my kids again LOL Life is GREAT !! 
Is 2day over yet ? I'm stressin bout moving and dont kno where THAT came from ? Came here n a car , and leaving with a lifetime . Dont even kno where 2 bgin !!!! 
Headn 2 Lakeland Sunday nite so I can finish lab n drug test at hospital first thing Monday morn . This is it !!! Ne 1 dat feels generous next weekend 2 help me pak n move ? LOL God Bless ya !!! lol 
In lakeland n feels sooo gud !!! Too bad gotta go back 2 palatka 2marrow . < PROPFIRST > n I havn great time here . Gotta get lab n drug test done n morn at hospital then next time Im here , Im here to LIVE !!!! 
OMG gotta make 1 more trip 2 Lakeland 4 job . GEEZZZZZ , gotta have a TB test n wasnt told dat when I went yesterday 4 lab n drug test . R da fates tryn 2 tell me sumtn ? lol 
YEA !! Gara's cumin 2nite 2 help me move . Ne1 that does sumtn like that is either insane or a saint lol She's lil both lol Sh'es ALOT both lol . We still have openings if ne1 else is feeling energetic . Had sum great help already 2day packing n wat a blessing !! I'm gonna really miss friends here n so lucky 2 have them n both places . 
Next time I'm on FBook , I'll be all moved 2 Lakeland !!!! get ready people lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Wedlock < PROPMALE > Mccall Stringer PRAYER ALERT !! For a FB friend's daughter AUDRIN < PROPMALE > . Hold the familyup in prayer today . Her 2 year old daughter was just diagnosed withStage 4 cancer . If you see this post , even if you dont know her , Godknows ... Please post to your profile for 1 hour and say a prayer forthe little girl and God Bless you for doing it !... 
Back in Lakeland 4 gud !!!! OMG wat a job we had sortn thru 24 years of belongings . Only brought 10% with me . Gara is a genious at organization n combining . A million dollars isnt enuf 4 how she helpd me ! Now that Im here , its a sweet sadness n missing my kids already is da worst . Think if I brought all their friends here 2 , they move ? LOL wont b long n we all b 2gether again . 
Cudnt keep my eyes open in orientation . First time n a week Ive stopd n sat still . How embarrassing lol But , got a great job wit great benefits . Kids r going 2 b thrilled , but missing them stinks . Stayn busy 2 keep mind busy . Who wants 2 help ? LOLO 
Got totally lost 4 second time tryn 2 figure out da dam parkway n < PROPFIRST > roads dat werent here when i lived here b4 . lol do they really make travelin easier ? Suredidnt make it easy 4 me n wasted 10.00 gas jus 2 get back 2 road i KNEW 2 take me . WTF ? LOL o well , wondr wat 2marro holds ? lol 
Gotta work 7am-630pm next 3 days . Wat ive been waitn n fightn for since Memorial day . I'm a professional again and feels great !! Thanks 2 da great friends supportn me and reminding me what and why I shud do it . I'll sleep after Friday lol 
Im slowly adjustn 2 12 hour shifts . Off da weekend n cant go 2 Palatka . Dont want 2 sit round , cause thinking isnt gud 4 me LOL Sum1's gotta help keep me busy . LOL 
Feeling better and had nice dinner with childhood friends . Its so cool seeing ppl I grew up with . Their all THE BEST friends , love u unconditionally , n knew u b4 u knew urslef . Nice thing bout ageing , n when ur coloring da gray or cant bend over like u once cud cause ur knees or back ache , remember ppl who u love n love u all these years n never left ur life , no matter how far apart u were . 
Cant sleep known 430am is close . 3 more 12 hour shifts . Wish this thang had a wakeup button , u guys shud b glad it doesnt or I kno several ppl who cuss me bad rite now lol 
Yea !!! Im off training n on my own wit da patients . Wonder who shud b more afraid , patients or boss ? LOL B Nice is patients rooms werent 100 < PROPMALE > away n hospital . Who said walkn is good 4 ya ? lol Least they dont have a mental facility there , guess who'd never leave ? lmao 
How long does it take 2 adjust 2 long shift ?? Jus when I was gettn it , had day off and going back 2day kicked my butt . Geeeezzzzz ... Least I can cum here n whine lol My roomate on vacation and no one home 2 listen 2 me lol 
Cant go back 2 sleep n hating it . Altho its so peaceful at 2am . No phone ringing , no work , no drama , ahhhhh da lil things in life lol 
Ahhhhh , I so appreciate all ur kinds words and bday wishes . Sure makes a lady feel better bout turning 35 LMAO 
Gotta work next 2 days 6am to 630pm . Sweet !!!!!! 
After 12 hours of taking care of very ill patients , makes me appreciate my health , even tho my feel ache and a massage wud cure everything rite now lol Our health is one thing we dont always appreciate being good . 
Going to Palatka to see my kids , maybe the sadness will go away . 
In Palatka with my kids and soooo happy !!! Only 4 today but it feels so good being with them . Didnt expect it being this hard taking a job 2 hours away , but did it for us . \ 
Adjustin is hardest part n God will take us thru . We r truly blessed !! 
On the dock with kids and bff in palatka . Forgot how pretty the St johns River is and even the heat isnt as hot as in Lakeland , if that makes ne sense lol 
6 hr shift sooo much nicer than 12 . Been crazy busy week and have weekend off !!! 1 more 12 and Im done !!! Cant wait to see kids again . Wat a diff being with them made , I need my kid fix lol Hope every1 haven great week and THANK U 4 being U !!! U guys rock !! 
After 3 days of non stop work madness , I\ 
m off the weekend . Won't kno how 2 act being able 2 sleep past 430am and my feet not aching lol , but , i'm gonna give it my very best shot , yes i am !!!! 
Had the best weekend in along time with friends . Back 2 12 hour shifts , sigh ....... 
< PROPFEMALE > Ha One more day and kids be here !! 
Kids are finally here and have plans 2 keep em busy , starting with rollerskating at my old stompin grounds , skateworld lol they think its lame but Im excited lol anyone wanna go with us ?? I think its so cool 2 take them where I grew up playing and never imagined having my kids do that . If anyone has more ideas where 2 take them , please let me know . I havent lived here in 24 years and almost feels new . 
Its FRIDAY !!!! Taking kids shopping , rollerskakn ( if I get them 2 agree)lol and making my specialty , creamy gehtti , its like lasgna but made with angel hair pasta , homemade sauce italian style and special cheeses . Kids beggn me 4 weeks 2 make it . Maken it a full day cause I work all weekend . 
Last 12 hour shift til Wednesday , guess I shud b glad Im able 2 work em at all lol . There was a time , a 4 hour waitress shift felt over worked n this is ALOT more work lol 
Got the blues . Weekend off n feeling like crap . 
Can't blieve I want to go back to work in morn . Having weekends off without kids or sumtn 2 do sux . 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while u are safe at home . In the minute it takes u to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but sacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week .... Repost if u are in the military , love a military member , or appreciate our troops 
Yea !!! I'm off 2marrow . After 2 days of 13 hour shifts and having 2 patients outta 72 being insanely diffulcult , I'm ready 2 chill . Jus cause ur ill doesnt mean ur mental , or does it ? lol 
After being away 4 so long , its wierd hearing ppl talk bout bucs . All u hear there r jags and gators . Also , so many ppl grip bout Polk county n Lakeland . If they lived n Putnam County they c how gud it is here and all it has 2 offer . There it's dark , depressed , gloomy and backwards . Total diff world . Lakeland is sunshiney , happy and has a positive atmosphere . Mayb every1 shud live elsewhere 2 appreciate it here . 
Dropped my phone at work , not only in trash , but , in a cup of coffee in trash . W T F ??? Took apart n hoped it wud dry , n blowdryed it when I got home , to no avail . Worst part , every number i want is in that phone , n not in my head like years ago . 2 Tired 2 go buy another 2nite , and working 6am-630pm 2marro . Now I'll see if I get withdrawals without it lol 
Why is it u awake early when u dont have 2 work , but , days u do work , its hard as crap 2 get up ???? lol 
A patient Ive had 4 2 weeks was moved 2 ICU 2day . It's not looking to good and breaks my heart . The patients make my day and most rewarding part of job . But , I've left room several times with tears and sadness seeing them so ill and can't do anything , especialy the elderly and children . But , when they say to me how they look 4ward to seeing me each morning , make the pressure , sadness and aggravation disappear . 
DID u kno when a white shirt gets wet its totally see thru ? Got drenched at work running 2 truck and shirt turned into a nudey gurl show lol Thats wat happens when ur 2 impatient and cant stay 1 more minute at work . lol Got offered tips at gas pump tho lol 
Can't sleep aftr getn a questable text from my oldest son in ohio . Been tough year 4 him and tryn 2 overcome sum < PROPMALE > things . I'm scared 4 him rite now n hate i cant do anything at da moment . Askn God 2 please protect him n get him bak here so he will b with family n support he so desperatly needs . 
when you hit that fork in the road , who said you had to go left or right ? Go off-roading and make your own path . 
If its amazing , it won't be easy .. If its easy , it won't be amazing ... if its worth it , you won't give up .. If you give up , you were not worthy of it to begin with\ " , 201 0-0 9-24 03:26:26 " 
Missn kids so bad !!! No matter how old they get and even adults , they are still my babies n thats wat I see when I think of them , all 4 . Can't sleep from wanting 2 jus jump up and go 2 them . Only 1 day off makes it tough 2 do so . 
smile until it hurts , laugh until you cry , love like you never have been broken , pray with faith , live in the moment , remember the good times , let go of the bad 
How cool is it 2 know u can throw a pitch 105mph ????? Bet Red's pitcher's mom is still reeling from it . New term for \heater\ " lol " 
Going to Palatka to see my kids and soooo happy !!! Did I jus say Im happy to go to Palatka ??? lol All because of the kids !!! 
With my kids and nothing else matters . For the next 2 days all other issues and job and life's crap doesnt exist . 
having da best time wit my family n wish my othr 2 boys were here too . y 14yo son caught bluecrabs outide ak door in river , cooked them 4 me and we sat at table eatn em wit garlic bettr . Felt so special n wish we had more time . watchd his baseball practice n he's a dynamite catchr !! Wish time cud stop jus 4 a few more days . 
Hardest thing was leaving to come back 2 Lakeland . Having those 3 days and the quality time with kids , is jus wat I needed . Wish it didnt go by so fast . Ive got 2 b THE MOST BLESSED person . To have a great family in my kids dad and stepmom is more than I can ask for . How many ex wives can stay with kids , dad and stepmom , AND feel at home ? It's a great example 4 the kids how to overcome differences and b better ppl . 
Luck decides whom u met in Ur life . Ur heart decides whom u want in Ur life . \ 
BUT its < PROPFEMALE > that decides whom U get in Ur life . 
SO SO SOOOOOO glad da work week from hell is over ! I hate that no matter how much good u do or treat ppl , if theres JUS ONE < PROPFEMALE > error , omg thats all u hear bout . WHy is that ? Isnt good suppose to outweigh the not so good ? Anyways , no 12 hour shifts til Monday n someone come pick me up and take me to Palatka lol Did I say PLEASE ????? lol or jus have some fun and forget work , bills and other life crap lol 
I don't make my choices based on whether or not I am happy , my happiness is based on the choices I make . 
If you open yourself up you better be ready for an outcome you didnt expect . Sometimes , its better to keep quiet and keep moving !!!! 
Got a special friend coming to see me from Palatka and sooooo excited !! Havent had butterflies in years lol 
Wat a great day to be alive and work wasnt bad either . Woo hoooo lol ,, 
ON THE FLOOR BY THE COUCH 
One more day of 12 hours shift till 2 days off . Been a crazy , unpredictable , surprising , fun , sad , fun , shocking , fun , heart warming , fun , heartbreaking , fun week . LOL O I forgot , releasing too . Discovered sometimes u jus cant repeat history or rewrite it , gotta accept it and understand it , to let it go and start a new one . Enuff said lol ,,.. It's all good and so I am LOL 
It's a gorgeous day out there and feels good to be alive !! I'm so blessed in many many ways and grateful for all of them . Can't say enuff how much my friends mean to me and the love I have for each one . Hope life treats u all as good as u have to me . MWA MWA MWA !!! 
if ignorance is bliss then there is a sh*t load of people in paradise 
One more day and off weekend !!! Wanting to see kids , but , getting there another story rite now . Sux !!!!!!!!!! Anyone have a good car to sell ? 
A politician sees his family everyday ; a deployed soldier maybe once in\ 
6 months . A politician flies 1st class ; a soldier flies in a C130 . A \ 
politician enjoys an expense account ; a soldier must justify extra \ 
rations . A politician vows to defend their country ; . a soldier actually \ 
keeps that promise . REPOST IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS 
Weekend off ,,, big fat whoop !!!! When there's something 2 look forward to then it will matter . I'm not pissy or anything lol 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world tonight missing their family while you are safe at home . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but they are also sacrificing their own life for your freedom . It's Military Appreciation Week . THANKS and God Bless !! Congrats to < PROPFIRST > BURWELL , he graduates Nuc school end of month . 
If at first you don't succeed , reload and take another shot !! Wish I knew that 2 years ago ,,,, lol 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY 23 YO SON < PROPFIRST > !!! U came into my life and brought me such happiness , taught me all about myself n changed me 4ever . May ur life be filled with the same and rise above mistakes learning from them . I love U so much n miss u terribly . Jus dance when it feels too much to bare , n kno u always have family to < PROPFEMALE > on . 
I'm beginning to think that today is one of the days where it would be in other's best interests if I don't talk . The filter is running a little short today . 
Sum1 pinch me n tell me 4 SURE this work day is over !!! Talk about a patient revolving door n doctors changing orders and nurses calling constantly .... My brain feels like scrambled eggs lol NOONE say a word bout that last comment either !!! lol 
been so ill n goin 2 doc 2marrow . but , wat feels worse is knowing wats lost n may nver b the same . 
Jus got bak from THE BEST DAY wit my 2 youngst . It's jus wat doc ordered but so hard leavn them . Cant wait til thanksgiving n have alot more time . They r such awesum kids and make me very proud !!!! Every single second i value and treasure wit them n hope they kno the love I have 4 them must b wat God feels 4 his Son , and no words define that kind of love !!!! 
Off today n have decisions to make . Kinda scared cause even tho my heart n mind are always with right intentions , i seem to make wrong choices . This is the time I wish I had someone special in my life , if for nuttn else than to let me whine and cry on shoulder . It sux being strong all the time .. 
Yeee Haaaa !!! 1 more 13 hour shift n got weekend off !!!! Finally gettn car n hopefully , money b in account 2marrow . Got big big plans 4 weekend n 1 one im actually gona do sumtn with someone lolololol ... everyone hold on tight , the earth may jus move to the right lol ,,,, 
Jus had a cool weekend in Clermont wit friends . Its sooo pretty there with the hills . Saw a great band called Dans World . All country music and sounded so professional . Finally got out amongst the living lol 
wishes remotes worked in real life . [ >>/ stop/ play/ pause/ <</ ctrl+alt+delete ] It sure would come in handy ! Prob be the best friend I had . lol 
I'm That Girl that will drive u insane ... but you will love every minute of it !!! 
Gettn my car 2day !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'M NOT EXCITED OR ANYTHING LOL If a dark green ford escort whizzes past u , thats meeeeeeeee lol 
Made it 2 Palatka after a crazy day . Seeing kids makes it all worth it . 35 degress n morn n 4got warm clothes . Times like this having a warm body next 2 me wud help lol Enuff said lol 
Glad my week from hell is almost over . Got my car Wed , thur stranded wit flat tire , Went 2 Palatka Thur aftrnoon n friday got stranded AGAIN !! Battery bad , got new one . Driving bak fri nite , took wrong exit 4 bathroom , took me 20 < PROPMALE > nowhere 2 apoka til i cud get bak 2 I4 . While at store , dropped phone n toilet , freaked out n took all I had NOT 2 scream . lol , 
always remember , sometimes things fall apart for other things to fall into place (: 
F 
Got weekend off n wish I cud go see kids . Hate being off n not being with them . 
Forgiveness is the one thing all should learn to give . Whether against a loved one , hated or unknown one . It is grudges that cause the past to forever dwell . 
Dreading the holidays . Gotta work withiout overtime pay AND not being with kids . Moving bak was a great thing until now . At least knowing I make patients happy helps , if I cant make anyone else happy . Maybe Ill move into the hospital lol 
It's impossible . \ said pride . \ 
I hope your dreams stay big , your worries stay small , and each road leads you where you wanna go . I'm not here much anymore n glad ur all here when I am to see wat life's doing with u guys . Bout only way I will know how ur doin lol 
Tryn hard not 2 let the sadness of not being wit my kids 2day , take hold . Gotta work n keep telling myself the patients r 1's who have it bad n I'm really blessed . All 4 of my kids 2gther 4 first time in years n I cant b with them as I should n so badly want 2 b . So , I'm goin 2 work and try 2 bless someone else by doin watever I can 2 make them smile n feel bettr bout being in hospital . Happy Tday every1 !! 
God puts us rite where we need 2 b n so glad I did work 2day . Aftr goin thru ER chekn on wat they may need , found out a man jus died there . Went 2 waiting room n saw his daughtr n 3 small children , who had not yet been told . Got kids drinks n pnit buttr n crackers . Talkd wit them jus in general , n the kids mom came in cryn n screamn , she had been told . 
My coowrker hugd her n began praying . I held the othr woman who was his daughtr n a wheelchair . Kids bgan cryn n I went to them . It was the saddest moment , but glad I was there to comfort them . We stayd wit kids while grandma n mom went 2 c the man . At that moment , evry regret of workin 2day n not bein wit my kids , dissappeared n thankfulness 4 my life returned . 
God is great n I sumtms 4get that , regretably . 2day , I got a great big dose of Him n wouldnt have it any other way !!! 
refuses to settle for the person she could live with , she is waiting for the person she can't live without ... 
My friends think I've gone off the deep end , but no worries -- I float . 
This world may cause me to bend but by the Grace of God , Jesus will not let me break 
I am soooo donewit this day !!! Neighbor jus came n told me my car rolled nto street . I was wrking on it undr hood n 4got 2 put it in 1 gear . Geezzzzzz ,,,, telln myelf , imm not gonna scream , im not gonna scream , IM NOT GONNA SCREAM !!!!!!! lol ,, 
Can't sleep , again , n work at 6am . Glad weekend over , so hard without my kids . I kno its rite thing being here n workn , but , hardest thing to do when kids elsewhere . Sometimes , I wish I knew y it turned out this way when it hurts so much without them . 
Success is not final , failure is not fatal : it is the courage to continue that counts . 
had 2 repost status from other day . Car broke down on me Monday nite n barely made it to < PROPFEMALE>'s house . I'm so blesssed 2 have great friends helpn me . Goin to her house soon so they can help me figure out wats wrong wit it . Havent had it a month yet and so many probs . Need 2 take it back . 
Wat a crappy crappy week . Im jus sayn . 
Most people have 1000 wishes for Christmas ; a cancer patient only has one , to get better . I know 97% of you won't repost this to your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who has died , or is still fighting , or survived cancer , copy this as your status . ? I will repost this everytime i get it 
Cant wait to get off work tonite and head to Palatka . Seeing all my kids is all I need and want to make me happy . Looking forward to seeing friends there too .... Pssstttt .... i do miss u guys too ... lol 
Hey < PROPFIRST > , please call me . Im n palatka n like 2 c u . Kids an i joy riden lol goin 2 shoot nichalos new bow . Maken creawy ghetti 2nite . Great bein bak n hangn w 
Havn da best holiday wit all my kids n palatka . Feels great bein bak here . Hope 2 c friends 2 . 
Finally gettn divorce finalized ! Dropping last name hopefully lifts the curse it put upon me lol . OMG wat a H U G E mistake that one was ! Great way to start new year new name . 7 years of lies , decent , adultry he commited , and married to a man that never existed by pretendn he was someone else . Listening to God and try to follow His way to get inner peace and joy back and NEVER get involved with wrong man . 
Happiness is not about getting what we want .... it's about appreciating what we have\ !! " 
i want 2 scream !!! dam car probs n cant get 2 c my kids . Sumtms I wish i nevr moved bak here . 
Gota get dif job ! Depresses me daily watchn patients die , familys morn n sickness taken its toll . Need a happy place thats not jus n my head lol 
Bummed out and missing my kids and friends in Palatka . 
Found out 2day Im not the train wreck ive been feeln I am . Shud have done that 2 months ago n saved myself , faimly n great friends the agravation lol . Bettr late thn nevr !!!! Thank the Great Lord above 4 always bein here n shown me His ppl 2 help keep my life on rite track !!!! 
Read this on Doc's wal .. 21 suggestions 4 sucess .. FIRST !! MARRY THE RITE PERSN !!! 90% of ur happines or misery depends on ur choice . well ,, wont talk bou that 1 .. lmao ... work @ sumtn u enjoy n worthy of ur time n effort . Give ppl more than they xpect n do it cheerfuly . B the most positve n enthusiastic u can b . B 4given of urself and othrs . B generous . B Honest , B HONESTT B FRIGGN HONEST PPL !!!! 
Have a grateful heart . Persistance persistance persistance . Treat othrs how u want 2 b treatd . Commit urself 2 constant improvemnt . Commit 2 quality . Note 2 self ... quality n EVERY PART OF LIFE !!!! Undrstand happiness isnt from possessions , powr or presige , but relatnships wit ppl u love n repect in ur life . 
B loyal . N self startr . b Decisive , even if u sumtms make wrong decisions . Stop blaming othrs n take responsibility 4 every area of ur life . B bold n couragious . When u look bak at ur life , u always regret wat u DIDNT do . Last . DONT DO ANYTHING YOUR MOM WUDNT B PROUD OF !!!!!!!! 
Gettn ready 4 work and asking God to let this b a day without any patients dieing and they all get well n go home happy !!! 13 hours please fly by fast lol 
Love is not about finding the PERFECT Person , Its about Finding an IMPERFECT person and seeing them as if they were PERFECT 
In Palatka and great seeing family n friends !!!!!!!!!!! Maybe I stay lol 
nutn bettr than bein n Palatka , hangn with my kids and seeing friends . Cept every1 telln me Im too thin lol guess losin 62 lbs kinda shows lol 
So hard sayn gbye 2 my kids . So hard sayn bye 2 every1 . So many emotns but got sumtn 2 look 4ward 2 when i get bak 2 lakeland . Life gives us soooo many unexpdc 
I love my mp3 player . I love my attorney who is the best ! Dvorce here i cum ! 
You have to go to the edge to see the view 
is American by birth and southern by the grace of God . What does this mean ? I can say anything I want as long as I say : \Bless Its Heart \"." 
The final words of every drunk redneck . HEY WATCH THIS ! 
FW : |Havin broken ribs sux < PROPMALE > ! Havent hurt or felt so alone ages . 
so many time it happens , we live our lives in chains and never even kno we have the key . 
Palatka questn ... Ne gud playn at blue crab this year ? I need a palatka fix n will deny sayn that 2 lol missn my kids terribly n gud ppl there wich ads up 2 mayb 2 ? Lol jk i do miss every1 n tryn 2 get there 4 festival . 
Feelin so nostalgic and missing my kids being little and wat life was like then . Had a relapse n in alot of pain , jus from a sneezee . Jus breathn is hard . Like my dauhter used 2 say , we tough gurls !! 
Ready to get my life back after wreck . Its taken WAAAY 2 long and making me sad . I miss my kids and jus want to go back to palatka . Not used to this feelin of sadness n lonliness when Im usualy smiling thru it all . 
My 15yo son juss got 2 Missouri with FFA to help tornado vivtims . Im sooo proud of him for doin this . Told him he's gonna see such sadness and hoepfully he wont ever have to experince it firsthand and hope this makes a differnce in his life for the go 
You can't always control who walks into your life , but you do decide which window to throw them out of . 
I kno u no longer suffer and are at peace . I adore u and heartbroken I no longer will see u . Ur kindness will forever stay in my heart and my time with u will never b forgotten . I am honored to have know u and touched by the wondrful woman u were . I take wth me all that and will treasure it always . I love u < PROPFEMALE > n God is taken care of u now . 
never forget that when someone reaches out to you ... they are reaching for a reason . 
My last day n Lakeland and emotional . Thanks 2 every1 n will miss u terribly but cant stand being away from kids . Accident screwed up alot n goin bak 2 get my life back !!!!! 
8 inches :( 
I gotta say .. Ive got THE BEST FRIENDS on the planet . And their the ones Ive know ALL my life , no matter how far or how long b4 we talk , Im blessed wit great ppl that I'll always love n < PROPFEMALE > !! Thanks u guys n u kno who u r , for everything on my journey this past year . Without u , I'd b lost . I LOVE U ALL !!!! 
Omg i made it 2 palatka ! < PROPFEMALE > crawford ur my hero ! only few hours til divorce finalized n da curse last name put on me is gone wit last name . woohoo n < PROPFEMALE > haaa !!! 
No1 fall over , i had 1 date in ages friday n didnt meet online . 4got how great it can b n movin bak 2 palatka has been best decision ive made n while . Bein wit kids is my world n havn blast wit cool guy is refreshin aftr all da sadness last few months . i feel alive again ! 
RE : |Add ---------- Nas < PROPFIRST > wants to be friends on Face 
< PROPFIRST > Burwell I could not ask for a better daughter !!! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > much for hooking me up with < PROPFIRST > ! He is < PROPFEMALE > cute ! Your the best and my favroit ! 
Glad i didnt kno how it all wud go , the way it all wud end , i cud have missed da pain but id have 2 miss the dance . 
Got flat tire on 100 n its my spare lol ne1 near florahome that can rescue me please ?! 
Take me away n then take me farther . Hold me Like Holy Water . 
Ive got one amazing friendship with the sweetest man . It's so refreshin and surprisin to b treated good without complications or expectations . He cracks me up and js for that alone Im keepin him .. lol 
I believe friendship is the sincerest form of love . 
Ok , Im not playn friends secrets again . I want to apologize n advance if i said sumtn bout anyone that seemed incorrect . Stpid program was speedn so fast that i accidently hit answers I have no clue wat it said bcause arrow was still in place from previous answer . So whoever gets a crazyazz answer from me , its prob this error n not wat I actually answered . 
Think about this for a minute . If I showed up on your doorstep crying , would you care ? If I called and asked you to come pick me up because something happened , would you come ? If I had one day left to live my life , would you be part of it ? If I need a shoulder to cry on , would you < PROPFEMALE > me yours ? Life is lonely without friends . It's best friends week . If you agree , repost :) Lets see who's a Good Friend 
One gud thing being single , u still get those excited butterflys when ur dating someone cool . Got one of those tonite and noone call my phone lololol 
The nice thing being single still is , u get those excited butterflys when u have date with sumone cool . Got one of thoswe tonite so no one call my phone lol 
Help me heal this Female < PROPMALE > Penguin ! http://rescue.ttgam.es/31/100000375275975/5b7f 
WOW !!! U all have made my day !!! THANK U !! Can't tell u how touched I am so many already have posted . I now know how it feels to receive bday wishes when its always my pleasure to wish each one on ur days . U dont kno how much u have helped make me feel better . Have sum potential health issues with pituitary again and even tho its not my 1 rodeo , its scary . So u guys ROCK !!!! Im teary as I say , I LOVE U !! 
I want u ALL to kno the joy u gave my heart today . Ur all special and blessed to have u in my life . I needed this today and it pulled me up and back to < PROPFEMALE > . Whose sorry now ?? LOL jk . God bless u all and ur familys too . I wish I were with u tonite @ reunion and want to hear details !!! 
YOUR SON WILL HOLD YOUR HAND FOR ONLY A LITTLE WHILE , BUT WILL HOLD YOUR HEART FOR A LIFETIME . IT'S SON'S WEEK ... IF YOU HAVE A SON OR SONS WHO MAKE YOUR LIFE WORTH LIVING BY JUST BEING AROUND HIM , & IF YOU'RE PROUD OF YOUR SON , COPY AND PASTE TO YOUR STATUS 
It is entirely to q uiet here . All da kids at Nanas and friends have a life , so here I sit eating chinese and bitching on FB lol Idle hands devil workshop ??? Who wants to take bets that < PROPFEMALE > will get into trouble before sun cums up ?? LMAO wait ... wrong < PROPFEMALE > and she doesnt exist now lol .. Where is my special friend ? lol 
I am not a patient woman . But , they say , anything worth having is worth waiting for n I know wat I'm waiting for IS WORTH waiting but , daaaaammmmm , lol .. Trying 2 keep mind busy til wat I'm waiting for gets his azz back lol 
For u Leslie .... \ 
MAY I ASK MY FACEBOOK FRIENDS , WHEREVER YOU MAY BE , TO KINDLY , COPY , PASTE & SHARE THIS STATUS FOR 1 H0UR TO SUPPORT ALL THOSE WHO HAVE HEALTH PROBLEMS , WHO ARE STRUGGLING , AND JUST NEED TO KNOW THAT SOMEONE CARES . Do it for all of us , unfortunately no one is immune . 
Im in soooooo much trouble when kids wake up lmaooooo I LOVE U GUYS !!! 
Let's see who reads this fully ... leave me a ONE WORD comment using the 3rd letter of your last name that best describes me .. Now it can only be one word .. then copy and paste this to your wall so I can do the same . don't just comment and not repost , that's no fun ! 
OMG is today realy over ?? I mean , its tomarrow !!! YEEE HAA !! I pray I NEVER EVER have another day like yesterday . But , Im still smiling sum how and thankful for that and the gud things in my life !! 
Help me feed < PROPFIRST > ! http://rescue.ttgam.es/34/100000375275975/72e0 
Hacked by thje bestest girl < PROPFEMALE > !!! STOP leaving your stuff up ! < PROPFEMALE > ! Love ya ! (: 
Re-post this if someone is alive simply because you did not want to go to prison . 
Your friendsAlta Gray Burwell\ 
I don't get mad when I see my ex with someone else .. my momma always said \when your done with your toys give them to someone less fortunate ~ MAC ~ AND more psycho approperiate !!!!!! " 
< PROPFEMALE > Gray Burwell\ 
Your friends < PROPFEMALE > Gray Burwell\ 
lmaoooooooo cudnt resist that !!!! 
Can't change stupid , and can't negotiate with crazy 
Everyone you meet in your life teaches you a lesson . When they're gone , lesson's learned . 
Had the coolest picnic this morning with a special friend . Left at 8am and been along time since doing something that fun , relaxing and did I say fun ?? 
Help me heal this Rough-toothed Dolphin ! http://rescue.ttgam.es/36/100000375275975/b6f1 
if we took a holiday .. jus one day outta life it wud be sooo nice .. Time to celebrate .. let love shine .. and we will find , one day to come together to release the pressure .. 
Tooth pain is THE WORST pain . 
Picture this .. woman walking with mp3 and suddenly , DOWN to the ground she goes . Like slow motion , nuttin stoppin her and knees cut to hell and palms contrete bruised .. Well ,, if u saw this today and didnt stop to laugh , I THANK U !!!! 
At the college and got my ducks in a row to finish my degree !!!! Yeaaaaaa Haaaaaaaa 
