We're re-arranging the WHOLE house ! furniture , rooms , everything ... 

won his tennis match ! Second singles against < PROPMALE > Beamer High School . 
Is rapidly getting involved at Highline Community College . 
has two questions : does my dad still have cat alergies ? and can < PROPFEMALE > keep an animal alive ?... Yes , we own a cat now . 
is discovering what it feels like to have less than an hour of unscheduled time in a day . 
indeed had a very happy birthday !!! 
I just got back about five minutes ago from a two day tour of seven different colleges . Now I need to decide where I'm going in fall 2011 before registration for fall 2010 classes ends so I can plan for it . I'm seriously considering the University of Portland and Washington State University . 
I'm entering yet another social group . And I'm pretty shure that this one will have a positive effect on me . 
just played tennis with his sisters . 
is very tired after an amazing concert last night . The Battle Hymn of the Republic sounds awesome with 5 drummers , a brass section and 400 singers ! 
is doing homework in a hammock on a Sunday arternoon . 
Homework ... then rest , sweet rest ... 
Awesome day at the HCC tennis club ! 
Yes ! I finally have somone on the tennis club who can challenge me ! < PROPFEMALE > and I tied today 6-4 and 4-6 . I'm not to sure about the spelling of his name though . 
just fixed our router . We haven't had internet for a day . 
God bless all the moms out there , especially mine ! 
< PROPFIRST > is home till Monday ! 
Rail guns are frusterating to build . But playing with 440 UF at 300 volts is fun , it makes cool sparks . 
:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) \ 
Smileys are sooo inadequate !!!!! I am so happy right now !! Praise God !!! 
The next 140 hours of my life are ~ 97% spoken for ... 
Survived the week :) \ 
Ahh ... here comes a long weekend . 
The last day of tennis club this quarter went like this : I tyed my shoes and played < PROPFEMALE > , the odd thing is that we tied , so we did a tiebreaker and I broke the tie by breaking ahead of < PROPFEMALE > . And now my tongue is tied ! 
Is DONE !!! :D Summer is here ! I've got two weeks to determine what I'm doing for most of this summer :) 
is in an intense battle with entropy . AKA < PROPMALE > is cleaning the basement ... 
Havin a blast in California this week ! 
I'm Back ! Two weeks of being with my family all across the nation with over 5000 < PROPMALE > of travel has left me refreshed and ready to wind up my Fall ! 
One burning question : \Who am I ? \ " \ 
After two weeks of craziness , I finally get a moment to relax . And hopefully get ahead on sleep , my to do list and my homework . 
I never dreamed that this would happen . As of 5:00 this afternoon , I am officially the best singles tennis player in Decatur high schools league !!! :-) The final match was tough !! 
Looks like a six day weekend ; HCC is closed tomorrow ! 
I've been sick this weekend , which hasn't happened to me in over six months . It might have been because of my groggy state of mind , but for some reason I decided to write a note about it , at which point I noticed a couple of other amazing drafts from who knows how long ago that for some reason I hadn't published . You can check them out now if you're interested . 
