SAINTS WON ........ THEY ARE FINALLY GOING TO THS SUPEO BOWL !!!!!! YEAH !! 

Brand New Day !!! Be Happy enjoy life !!! 
First day of spring !!!! HAPPY SPRING EVERYONE !!! whooo-hooo , now if the weather will just cooperate ! (: 
Happy , happy and blessed Easter to all ..... love and hugs < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > 
HAPPY TUESDAY EVERYONE !!! 
I'm back from my trip ... had fun but its a long drive ..... glad to be home happy sunday everyone !!! 
Happy Friday Everyone !!! Have a great weekend . 
Have a happy Mothers day everyone !!!! < PROPFEMALE > was the first to tell me Happy Moms day this year !! She sent a text message just after midnight !! 
Hope everyone is having a Happy Monday !! The weather here in farmland is wet and dreary ... but life is good !!! 
You know I must be bored !!! I'm taking a bunch of silly quizzes !!!! 
It's a great week , I have two of my grand babies here for a couple of weeks !!!! Happy Happy !!!! 
taking the grandkids back about 2am its a 12-14 hr . trip , wish me luck ! i'm sad , sure gonna miss them ... again !!! 
Finally home ... I enjoyed the trip and visiting family and friends , but I'm ready for some down time at home !! Happy Thursday every one ! 
today is a good day !! going out to cut grass now ... should clean house ........ outside is better , clean later ... or not . 
Today is a great day .. going to pick up my eldest grandson and have good friends visiting from louisiana . Happy tuesday every one !!! 
happy wednesday !!! Today is a good day ... the only way for it to get beter is if all 3 grand kids were here !!! 
SAD :( Had to give back grandson today !!! Back home . Going to a funeral in eastern Kentucky tomorrow , my daughter-in-laws uncle . Her grandmother is so sweet , hate she has to deal with this . < PROPMALE > 29:11 
back from my travels .. hope I can stay home a while !!! happy middle of the week !! 
Wednesday ... not a bad day .. rode with < PROPFIRST > to the southern part of the state , while he was doing census stuff . Talk to 2 of my granchildren !! ( : 
Its Tuesday , not a great weekend , scotts dog Brewtus followed me up to the road , got away from me and got hit by a car .... died before i could get him in the truck and to the vet ....... sad , sad , cry The car didn't even slow down much less stop !!!!! We'll get past it .. in time . 
Back home again my friend < PROPFEMALE > and i had a fun time in tennessee , just did girl stuff ... shopping , eating going to shows , eating , shopping !!!! Glad to be back home !! 
I detest jeremys new profile pic !!!! Now that that is off my chest .... today was a very good day , absolutely beautiful weather . 
today is beautiful outside !!! Not helping me to motivate myself to do laundry and clean bathrooms . Oh well , we still have a few clean clothes and the bathrooms will have to wait !!!! I'm going out to the barn and work in the yard !!!! Happy Tuesday to all !!! 
I am not strange , I am practicing to be an eccentric old woman ! 
Remember that everyday may be the last , so treat your enemies like friends , your friends like family , and your family like you will never see them again ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Jones !!!! If you see this send me a friend request I can't find you !!! aunt < PROPFEMALE > 
In Branson , Missouri having a pleasant day ! 
We're Back !!!! Had a great trip , but am definitely glad to be back home !!! 
Happy veterans day to my most favorite veterans < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > , and < PROPFIRST > Jones love ya'll and very proud of each of you !!! 
To all our veterans THANK YOU !!!! 
sweet dreams ... sleep tight ... God loves you ... good night 
Good to have my < PROPFEMALE > back home !!! 
If it makes you smile , giggle or laugh .. do it again .. 
Hope everyone had a great day , we did and are very grateful for our wonderful family members and friends ... Happy Thanksgiving to all !! 
Its my brother DJ's birthday today !!! Hope he has a great one !!! 62 don't know how that happened so fast ! LOL 
Today makes 35 years my great husband and I have been married !!!! Hopefully we will have many , many more years together ! Love ya lots < PROPFIRST > ! 
May the Christmas season\ 
fill your home with joy\ 
your heart with love\ 
and your life with laughter . 
The best of all gifts around any Christmas tree : the presence of a happy family all wrapped up in each other . ~ Burton Hillis 
Christmas with all my kids and grandkids this year !!!! Enjoyed family Christmas at my husbands mothers tonight , we have some great neices and nephews as well as brothers , sisters and the wonderful cousins also . 
Leaving for Arkansas in a couple hours , can't wait to see my grandkids this week . 
TO ALL MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS : Thanks you all for the birthday wishes i had a very good day , TO ALL OF YOU : I wish you a very Blessed and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! Hope < PROPFEMALE > was good to all !!! 
Remembering WTJ he would have been 54 today 4years and 4 days between us ... still love and miss you !!! 
My doctor asked if any members of my family suffered from insanity , I replied , no , we all seem to enjoy it . 
When you're lonely I wish you LoveWhen you're down I wish you JoyWhen you're troubled I wish you PeaceWhen things seem empty I wish youHope Have a Happynewyear 
When was the last time you just called your parents or your brother or sister just to tell them you love them . Don't let it be to late to do that . 
I'm going nite-nite world , hope to see again tomorrow ! love and hugs to all ! 
Happt Valentines Day Everyone !!!! < PROPFEMALE > glad to be back home ! Miss my babies though . 
feels like Vannah White when I walk through my kitchen shutting all the cabinet doors that other people left open . Except I don't smile . 
happy Birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
