i feal like yawning , dont you . YYYYAAAAWWWWNNNNNN . oh yeah . 

Went on a drift session on the highway ... My mom was driving . No one hurt , just scared out of our wits .. I then took the phone from her . 
is glad its payday that said I have just gottin ' a hair cut and it doesn't look half bad 
buffalo wild wings 
just got out of wallmart with my supply 
is heading to < PROPFIRST > county detention center with my security trade class as a preview for our new off center work base 
just back from geary countys detention center and finally back with me phone 
is in the first official flint hills job corps chess club tourney and well so far is garentied 1st or 2nd being the only servivor of the winners bracket within the round < PROPFEMALE > doubble elimmination match 
'' Do nothing which is of no use . '' -Miyamoto Musashi 
finished highschool on tuesday and has one test left in trade for thursday ..... only problem is no one knows my leave date 
leave date is on july the second 
sighs im in parsons but no way of getting in to town so depressing i might walk the nine < PROPMALE > 
* raise arm , make fist , drop the elbow * oh yeah ! im inrolled at Labette Comunity Collage . \ 
* sniff , sniff * is something burning ..... nope im just that hot !! XP 
back tire of my bike poped .... walked to walmart and got a new tire ..... now i just need the tools to replace the busted tire ..... this sucks 
every time i turn in an application the managers tell me thanks but we are already at full staff . it totally blows . 
really really looking for a job 
my middle finger on my left hand hurts .... stupid finger pricking thing ..... on other news i donated blood . Yeah !!! 
apparently i cant use my phone anymore since my phone is quote \sim not provisioned MM # 2\ " .... sigh " 
just got to my parents house for the holliday after the 2 hour and some < PROPFEMALE > drive . all for the turkey CX 
Oh have mercy ... I don't know what was in that turkey but it does not like me at all .. Oh no not again sorry I have GO like NOW !! 
Code monkey likes fredoes\ 
Code monkey likes mountain dew 
* wakes up * are the tests over yet 
Recovering from a very chilly ride on a bike to school just cause I'm running on e in the neon and no one called me to say school was canceled due to the snow 
