It's nice to be able to use big words and not be met with blank stares of ignorance ... goodbye highschool , and good riddance !! 

... surrounded by ignorance ... 
Why is it that every time things look like they're working out , something goes wrong ? 
The only dependable thing about the future is uncertainty . 
I cannot wait to go to college and have my own house . 
The pen is sharper than the sword , but a quick wit and sharpened words conquer all . 
Not in the best of moods today and my work supervisor is getting on my last god given nerve . Will today ever end ? 
Can't believe I'm actually saying this , but I'm ready for school . 
Wow ! Just went through my friends list . Turns out i didn't know half of them . 
I think i subconsciously like the letters M and Y . Hmm ... 
Is it August yet ? Someone make it be August ! 
why is it that when good thoughts and dreams come along we wake up to bland reality and the dull monotony me everyday life ? 
Why is it that when good thoughts and dreams come along we wake up to bland reality and the dull monotony of everyday life ? 
power outage in the middle of an online test . ...................................... >:( 
One day the letter X will dethrone the vowels and rule the alphabet ! That is a fact . 
Sitting in a dark room , listening to music , trying to think of something to write in my book . This is true relaxation . 
Ready for school to be the only thing on my plate . 
It's official , i suck at falling asleep ! 
Ready for school to get here . Hope the next three weeks fly by . 
It's official ! As of July 31 I will on longer be in the employ of Braums ! 
Two and a half years of employment and the thirty-first marks the grand finale ! 
Enrolled in school today , and I am ready for August to hurry and get here . The suspense is KILLING ME !! 
Three and a half hours of sleep , working with the world's oldest pessimist , and the myriad number of physical injuries sustained at work , coupled with having to take a final that counts for sixty percent of my grade is making my day simply -wondrous- ! 
i'm in a better mood today by far , but i seem to be sick now :( oh well , better sick and happy than grumpy at work i guess 
two weeks from now i will have fallen to the rank of the unemployed , and risen to the rank of scholar . hmmm ... 
turns out I'm not quitting . :( but I'm only working one day a week on the weekend for has money . :) 
nothing better than finding a good song on your mp3player you didn't know you had until this morning 
enjoying my day and a half off 
Well , looks like i'm quitting braum's after all . Turns out I don't get to do the job I was told I could , so in leu of going back to dipping ice cream and flipping burgers I will just work with family throughout school . Plus i've been in a good mood for the past two weeks and everyone at work seemed to dislike it sooo ........ 
this is it , getting ready for my last day working at braum's and man it feels good ! sorry braum's ppl but i'm out ! 
I am no longer a prisoner , ahem , employee of Braum's . It feels weird , but oooooooooohh soooooooooo goooooooood !!! 
Wow , my first day of not having to work and what ? I end up dreaming I'm at braum's working . I\m gonna need to get over that really fast ! " 
Thank God , no working dreams tonight ! Maybe that's because i spent seven hours just hangin with friends at braum's yesterdays ... 
yesterday was just a good day , didn't do much , but it was good nontheless . still can't wait for school though . 
ready for school to start . 
Just got back from Wichita Falls and realized how little Altus has to offer in the way of clothing . Would it kill anyone to put in a Hot Topic ? 
well i just biked nine < PROPMALE > and am ready to incinerate my bike . went garage sale shopping with my meme today and found a totally kickass bag and some really cool books . this was a good day but now it's time to kick back and relax 
ready for school to start . gonna go help my mom in duke tomorrow . 
School starts monday ! I just found out that two positions opened up in the bookstore , so i may get a job after all . I hope I get it 
Got my schedule figured out today and I even get to take a piano class ! Now instead of physical science i'm taking physics at 7pm ... :( but it's not offered in the spring so there's not much choice . PIANO !!! :) 
always thought i would be taken out by some unknown disease or a man-eating plant or something . Turns out it may be physics class . hmm ... 
college is great ! Except physics . I love all my classes . Except physics . Piano class starts tomorrow and i've already taught myself a lot of stuff about how to play . I think that is going to be my favorite class this semester . And the rest are pretty easy . Except physics . 
i have finally figured out who i am 
feeling tired today , wondering what the point of going to school is , and really wishing i could just go somewhere other than deserted southwest oklahoma . 
i feel better today , still don't want to go to school , and i REALLY don't feel like dealing with stupidity today 
I AM READY FOR SOME EMPLOYMENT HERE !!! LET LOOSE THE FLOOD OF APPLICATIONS !!! 
rue21 , here I come ! 
Apllied at rue21 . They said they weren't hiring yet but that around November they would have some openings and that they would keep my application ... So now all i need is for someone to set an orphanage on fire when the manager is around so I can save the burning children . I've already talked two people into faking seziures while shopping there while I'm around . I am determined to get this job ! 
Applied at rue21 . They said\ 
they weren't hiring yet but that around November they would have some\ 
openings and that they would keep my application ... So now all i need\ 
is for someone to set an orphanage on fire when the manager is around\ 
so I can save the burning children . I've already talked two people into\ 
faking seziures while shopping there while I'm around . I am determined\ 
to get this job ! 
Just applied at Walmart . I hope this one goes better than that other application . 
Finished reading another GREAT book by < PROPMALE > Riordan , so now i can work on that homework that's been piling up ... But seriously , if he doesn't quit writing the first book in a series , then write the first book in another series without finishing the first , I WILL HUNT HIM DOWN !! ! 
this is me trying to think of something positive to say ... 
physics test tonight ? Research paper due tomorrow ? no problem ! I'll start here in a little while ... 
YES !! everything is done ! nothing is due ! 
today is the last day of finals !! ! After 7pm tonight and an essay turned in , i will be FREE !! ! 
Had my birthday yesterday , which was great because my family was together , turning in my last final today , AHHH life is goooood !! ! 
Ready for school to start again , this is gonna be the fun semester at wosc because I am done with physics , which i got a B in ! time for botany and piano ! 
I am once again employed !!!!! i never thought i would be so happy to hear myself say that . 
I feel rather melancholy today 
I am feeling very well today . School has started , and this is the first day back to work for me , so today is going to be great ! 
More school today , started work yesterday , MAN ! i got used to sitting down when i felt like it ! got a lot done yesterday though , so it was worth it 
Back to school this week , got a monologue to perform this morning , but i finally got i memorized . no work today so maybe i'll get a nap in during geology . monotone teachers who talk about rocks ..... 
Another great day ! It's warm and < PROPFEMALE > outside , I'm off today , and i have a Zoology lab today . Microscopes are very interesting now . 
Going to weatherford to look for apartments . class was great today and i'm going to get a friend to make a painting for my new house for only 25$ 
... where did all this homework come from ?!? 
Two hours till work ... not ready to go in yet , maybe tuesday ... 
I apparently did very well giving my speech for class today , even though i had just finished at three in the morning , and those dramatic pauses were unintentional , and that i forgot my cue card ... i'm thinking there were some pretty low standards 
I AM GREAT TODAY !! ! I'm off work , bout to go take a test in trig , one of my favorite classes , then I'm gonna write a lab report , go to said lab , and go HOME !! ! 
I think I did well on the test , there was only one part that I was not confident about . Just got my report finished , so bring on the lab ! 
