very tired tonight ! 

Getting together with special friends tonight ... 
Wondering how many days until Christmas break ... Not really :) We will all be ok when we get there ..... 
Getting together with friends for the Holiday ! 
camping over our long weekend in < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy New Year Everybody ! 
1/2 day for CR tomorrow ???? 
Sons outgrow our laps , but never our hearts ...? ? •*Put ? this ? on ? your ? status ? if ? you ? have ? the ? most ? Awesome ? Sons ? in the ? world 
Thank you to all of my friends that made my BIG birthday special ! Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Zistl and Co . for all my luncheon food at school today . Thank you to all my co-workers that sang to me and everyone at work and on facebook for your wishes .. I appreciate it very much ! 
Children & adults with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure . It's not contagious . They want what we all want ; to be accepted . Most of you probably won't copy and paste this but will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's special education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who ... need a little 
I bet you think you know my - full name , nickname , birthday , bestfriend & favorite color ? * post this as your status to see who knows YOU the most . 
Children\ 
with Special Needs only want what we all want , to be accepted . Can I \ 
make a request of anyone willing to post this and leave it on your \ 
status for at least an hour ?... It is Special Education Week , and this is\ 
in honor of all children made in a unique way and who learn a little \ 
...... differently !! 
At age 4 , we think : Mom knows everything ! At 8 : Mom knows a lot ! At 12 : Mom doesn't really know everething . At 14 : Mom doesn't know anything . At 16 : Mom doesn't exist . At 18 : she's old fashioned . At 25 : Maybe mom does know about this ! At 35 : before we decide let's ask mom . At 45 : I ...... wonder what mom thinks about this ? At 75 : I wish I could ask mom about this . Post this if you have the best mom in the world ! 
My mom has made me laugh , wiped my tears , hugged me tight , watched me succeed , seen me fail , cheered me on , kept me going strong , and drove me crazy at times ... Moms are a promise from God that you will have a friend forever ! Put this on your status if you love your mom whether she's here with you , or in Heaven . 
Makes you feel old when the baby of 4 turns 16 . Happy Birthday < PROPFIRST > ! xoxo 
To all of my friends ... I lost my cell phone please message me your number again and I will enter it as soon as I get a replacement :( 
It's daughter's week ! If you have a BEAUTIFUL daughter that you LOVE more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your wall . \ 
Your daughter will hold your hand for a little while ; but will hold your heart for a life time . I am Blessed to have such a wonderful daughter !! \ 
I actually have 2 of them ! 
Only an AUNT can love like a MOMMY , keep secrets like a SISTER , and behave like a FRIEND . Post If you're an AUNT & love your NIECES & NEPHEWS . 
