What is happening here ! 

thinks they should just go ahead and change it to Santamas once and for all . Don't hate , you know it's true . 
I think I'm more excited than I really should be that Heroes is back on . And House coming back next week ! No , I'm not a couch potato , I swear ! 
uhhhh ... invisible ? 
Some kind of Hotel California joke . 
Note to self : When you're watching Heroes tonight at its new time ( 9pm eastern ! ) try not to get too distracted by how much you want to marry < PROPMALE > Quinto . End note . 
I watched football last night and I still don't know how I feel about that . 
Changing my life , brb . 
Maybe I'll convert to hedonism . Step one : eat this awesome piece of chocolate . ( Don't worry , I still love salad . ) 
Facebook should really add Celibate to the list of relationship status options . 
I just ate Hagen Daas rum raisen ice cream and I think it made me tipsy . ( Yes I ate the whole thing and I wish I hadn't oh god ! ) 
I just had to eat three bananas because they opened up when I tried to pull one off the bunch . I am so full of potassium right now . 
Oh my , would you look at the time ? I almost forgot this week's gushing about < PROPMALE > Quinto ! Time to drift off into peaceful dreams about pointy-eared serial killers . 
How do I get myself into these situations ? 
\Show yourself . Take only what you need from me . \"" 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Pope your membership application has been received . AFTRA Membership will contact you within 24 hours during the business week . If you have joined over the weekend or on a holiday , AFTRA Membership staff will contact you by the end of the next business day . 
Don't allow Fotos , it's a viral application . Whatever it says I did to you , I didn't do . 
Want out ! Want out ! 
Spell check told me that ' theatre ' was wrong . I felt victimized . 
You are looking at the newest member of AFTRA/SAG Washington/Baltimore Local , baby ! I gave them a bunch of monies and they gave me ... A PIN . It's totally sweet too . 
Go to urbandictionary.com and look up your first name . Copy this in your status and what Urban Dictionary says about your name in the first comment . 
The blizzard of 2010 ! 
Sickness and pestilence ahoy ! 
What's so great about that pickle anyway ? It's kinda freaking me out . 
Feeling crappy , and not just because of this head cold that won't give up . 
Really , universe ? Really ? 
Ticked at everyone . Where is the love ? Where is it ?! Worst V-Day ever . 
< PROPFIRST>'s ( Singles ' Awareness ) Day is over , but the bitterness remains . 
There is no greater sense of impotence than when you can't start your banana . :( 
Debating whether or not to watch Cloverfield . I heard it's scary . : < 
Today is a good day for vegetables ! Eating them , not being them . I would not want to be a vegetable today . Or any day , really . 
Dear Fox News : I couldn't care less about < PROPMALE > Panettiere swimming with dolphins . It's bad enough she stinks up my Heroes . Unless she got eaten by a shark , please keep her off my tv . Thank you . 
I may be the only person not watching the Olympics . 
I just watched 22/25 episodes of the first season of Lost . Yes , I am hooked . Also I think my eyes are bleeding . Must sleep before watching three part season finale . Then on to season 2 ! I love netflix instant queue ! Whoa that rhymed . 
My sister has the best-behaved dog ever . Pet sitting for her is a breeze ! They're so good , I can just < PROPFEMALE > out and watch Lost all day . Speaking of which ... time for Lost marathon day two ! 
My sister's back home safe , hooray ! 
Now I'm home safe ! 
Agitated and restless . It's time to do another play . 
Me : * walks in dejectedly * Mom : Did you have a good time ? Me : * sigh * Not really . Mom : Sorry . * proceeds to tell me all about her day * // I'm so glad I have such an attentive and loving family . 
To atheists it is sometimes said : You can't see the wind but you still believe it exists . I know the wind exists because I have felt it . For that reasoning , I do not believe in love . 
Please copy and paste this to your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone , who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for someone who deserves a punch in the face , except a punch in the face , but at least we can raise awareness ... 
I'm glad I have teeth . 
I like to move it , move it . 
Gotta get away from this place . 
Witty comment which belies the fact that I am slowly dying inside . Oops , secret's out . 
Seriously considering going to live in Richmond for the summer . Anyone subletting ? 
Can't sleep , clown'll eat me . 
Passing out early . Had way too much fun last night ... this morning ?... with < PROPFIRST > and crew . :D 
I have no idea what time it is . Did my computer update itself or do I have to ? Ugh ... maybe I'll just go back to sleep for another ten hours . Speaking of which , weird dreams last night ; huge butterflies , conspiracies , and serial killers . The heck did I eat ?! 
If I was interested in commitment , I'd pay a visit to my local asylum . 
I think my favorite thing about Lost is that everyone has daddy issues . EVERYONE . And the people who have mommy issues have them in addition to their daddy issues . 
Gagging on pills is a great way to start the morning . 
Wanting to slap some sense into someone who doesn't even want to see me . Maybe the one who needs the sense-slapping is me . For realsies , babe . 
Maqui makes me hungry like I have a tapeworm . It better be killing the lyme because this sucks . 
Auditions for community theatre tonight . It's my first audition in like , three years . Somehow , I have the sneaking suspicion that when I get there , I won't be able to stop grinning . 
Pretty excited for tomorrow . Kiss me , I'm < PROPFEMALE > ! Except you . You don't kiss me . 
It's a good day to be < PROPFEMALE > , o my brothers and sisters . I'm feeling rather lucky . 
What a beautiful day . <3 
Reaching my breaking point . 
Some are baptized by water , some by fire , and others by blood . Today we begin anew , strengthened by crises endured , grateful for crises averted , and prepared for crises ahead . 
Dude , I really wish those ads would stop showing me delicious cupcakes . 
I'm dancing barefoot , heading for a spin . 
Seasons 4 and 5 of Lost are like the arrancar arc of Bleach . You miss how it used to be , you hate what's happening , but you've invested so much time and interest already you just can't stop now . 
On days like this I can't help but wonder : What the heck am I still doing here ?! 
I'm not withholding my opinion because I don't have one . It's because my opinion will probably make you cry . 
I love it when I'm in such a hurry to get ready that I beat myself in the face with my hairbrush . Then I somehow find time to post about it on Facebook . I'm so awesome . 
Dear Nintendo : In your next installment of Wii Fit , it would be awesome if you took into account women's menstrual cycles . It is not cool getting lectured for period bloat . It is not fat , it is blood . kthxbai 
Because I'm Eggs < PROPMALE > and you're an Egg McMuffin . 
Hohoho ... this facebook station is now fully mobile ! And you thought the statuses I came up with at home were bad ! 
What , you're on the Eastern Shore and you have no plans for Cinco de Mayo ? Then come < PROPFEMALE > out with me at the Blarney Stone at 9pm ! There'll be karaoke ! It's cool if you don't sing , because I like having people watch me make a fool of myself . I am an actor , after all ... 
< PROPFEMALE > pub for Cinco de Mayo ? Yes it makes perfect sense . See you there ! 
Rhythm Boxing on Wii Fit in sweats and a sports bra makes me feel like Million Dollar Baby . Time for a run ! Adrieeenne , I can do it !!! 
Argh , barely eating . Sleeping too much to eat . It's not depression . Geez , if this show doesn't end soon , I might die of starvation ! 
Places ! That means I have about 90 minutes to kill before I go on ! I'm not even putting my pants on til intermission . ... oh who am I kidding , I'm too well trained . 
Ah , Monday . The beginning of the actor's weekend . 
\I don't care what you think as long as it's about me . The best of us can find happiness in misery . \"" 
\How can you tell which one's the bad guy if they're both wearing black ? \ " I love Psych . " 
In other news , three more episodes and I'll be all caught up with Lost ! < PROPMALE > BETTER BE OKAY OMG . Although , that's what he gets for running over cripples Miami Vice-style . ( lol spoilerz ) 
Wash , tell me I'm pretty . 
\I dream of a better tomorrow ... Where chickens can cross roads and not have their motives questioned . \ " < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >!" 
To err is human . To arr is pirate . 
\The truth is worse than anything I could bring myself to do to you . \"" 
Getting Lost ! 
I'm pretty convinced that Aizen will never die . 
I don't have delusions of grandeur , they're premonitions . 
If I haven't disappointed you yet , that's only because you've never \ 
counted on me . I have poor follow-through and I'm selfish . If there's nothing in it for me , I probably won't do it . But the honesty ... that's free . 
Well , as if the Lost finale wasn't enough of a letdown by itself , it was further ruined by my mother's inane questions and pigheaded remarks during EVERY religious and/or spiritual overtone . I'm left unsatisfied and irritated . 
Let there be bacon . 
Why is it that the guys I've been interested in for the past several years have all dated girls less attractive than me ? Do men not want to date pretty girls anymore ? 
Like this if you live in NYC and would like to < PROPFEMALE > out when I come visit at some point in the next few weeks ! And comment if you have floor/closet/corner space I can crash in for a night or two while I go apartment hunting . :D 
This one goes out to the working actors on my list , past and present . ( I can't believe this never came up in Business of Theatre ! ) Which is better : an agent or an agency ? 
Only in theatre can you be called a bitch about nine times and have it be the highest of compliments . Had a great reading tonight ! 
Still weeding through craigslist for an affordable NY apartment . Times like this I wonder : Would Sylar's nightmare really be so bad ? 
Too much wasabi gives me the ability to see the inside of my own brain . Today I relearned the capital of Assyria . 
If I had a parrot , I'd teach it to say awesome things like , \pieces of eight\ " and \ " shiver me timbers . \ " Because that parrot would be like +9 in piracy . " 
Dying , brb . ... Wait . 
Just saw ' Mr. Rice's Secret ' on NetFlix . < PROPFIRST > Bowie was phenomenal as always , though I must admit I was slightly disappointed that there were no obvious crotch shots . 
Whatever happened to < PROPMALE > Campbell ? That kid sure had something . PS , I hate nostalgia . 
Honk if you like cookies . 
Your kung fu is weak ! Behold the might of my superior kung fu ! 
Thank you to everyone for the warm birthday wishes ! I have such sweet friends ! In related news , I'm getting frighteningly closer to 30 , lord help me ... 
Portal - Credits Song ' Still Alive ' http://youtube.com/watch?v=Y6ljFaKRTrI 
