is packing for college yay , i leave early tomorrow 

hmm haircut was good trying to figure out photoshop batch processing is tricky 
relaxing because i need it haha . thinking about going to draw a bit or photoshop haha 
sorting photos for yearbook listening to music 
walked 1.5 < PROPMALE > to mcdonalds , ate a large big < PROPMALE > meal , walked 1.5 < PROPMALE > to < PROPFIRST > fox , walked a mile , jogged a mile , walked a mile , sprinted straightaways , walked curves for a mile , walked another mile than walked home about 8.5 < PROPMALE > total and i still f 
converting videos takes < PROPFEMALE > long haha 
hmm I think I'm all packed for camp not sure though I got the stuff on the list . not sure what else I would need although bringing sketch pad and pencils 
Fate is a prophetic declaration of what must be . 
wow , 21 people in my chat thing I don't think i've ever had close to that many 
listening to music and cleaning my room 
transferring photo's takes a while 
iphoto makes me laugh < PROPFEMALE > much haha 
is playing around with flash , and realizing how much work it really is even with simple flash animations and getting used to things . I have so much more appreciation to those who make cartoons and anime . There is definitely a lot of detail and work that 
just made top ramen yay 
is wondering what pieces of work I should put up when I join an online < PROPMALE > forum soon hopefully 
is finally getting around to taking pictures of my drawings 
feels happy although nervous I finally posted some work onto online < PROPMALE > forum to get criticism yay ! maybe i'll post a link when I get more stuff up 
gesture drawing is tricky 
is working on cd cover 
feels like cleaning .... I think the hot weather is getting to me . 
for some reason roller coaster kingdom won't load right now its sad lol 
is cleaning my room , it feels so nostalgic looking and finding all of the different things i've done throughout high school and before 
is getting anxious for college , and is wondering who else is as well . 
is making a packing list for college . Too long to wait still 
mmm Sapporo Ichiban Ramen yay haha 
went to the korean h mart . was really fun they had a lot of japanese and chinese stuff too 
made a recipe of char sui hum < PROPFEMALE > yumm 
11 days till i leave haha !!!! 
feels like he is packing way too much for college 
finished baking apple crisp 
giant origami dragon 
hmm gonna build a gundam 
woke up this morning thinking it was Saturday . still one more day till I leave . It's taking forever seriously . Just cleaning up a bit and packing . I'll be down at OSU on Sunday 
is going to pack the car finally haha and leaving in the morning . fun stuff 
is having a good first kinda half day at college yay 
stayed up till 1 talking to people got a pretty decent sleep and is now ready to start the day I hope 
wow this place is awesome , bought my books , registered for a corvallis library card , they have a ton of books including manga and visual novels . Won some coasters from an osu event , its crazy how much there is to do . I'm definitely not bored haha And there's still half the day to go yes !! 
wow rec night at dixon was amazing , free stuff , food , and coupons . is gonna check out the tennis club on monday signed up for some intramural sports . 
is chilling out in the < PROPMALE > floor 5 lounge . 
is playing aoe for fun against the computer 
is eating cold panda express leftovers . They actually taste really good 
doing homework haha hhs231 than math 231 
wow as crazy as this sounds my mth 231 reading of proofs is actually interesting . 
today is actually going really smoothly so far , I'm kinda surprised 
I declared a minor in Multimedia today , bio 101 midterm at 6 . so far the day is going well 
i leave for corvallis tomorrow , won't be back in Newberg till after finals so in two weeks basically 
just ate christmas < PROPFEMALE > dinner . yumm 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone :) 
snow !!!! 
happy new year everyone :) 
Is back in corvallis finally :) 
Registered for spring term . only have to waitlist one course 
yay three hour nap . I feel so much less tired now 
is doing Math homework at Dixon yeah haha 
final today at 7:30 am time to go to bed 
is going to go to bed soon , got another 7:30 am final and than done yay :) 
is out of Corvallis and is back home in Newberg 
got a haircut today yay 
is wondering when people will be going back to OSU . I'll probably be back sunday morning 
is back in corvallis 
is doing math homework at the MU 
wow ... went to class it was < PROPFEMALE > , left class and it was raining , walked into the bookstore and < PROPMALE > astley's Never gonna give you up was playing . now i'm studying at the MU . 
i'm hungry :( 
is going to go the whole day or hopefully without glasses on . we'll see how this works >.< 
is procrastinating on homework to some extent 
yay for fire alarms 1:45 am . im tired -.- 
mmm panda express 
just realized my classes for today ended like 2 hours 30 mins ago . yay for wr 121 conferences and class cancelation 
Another fire alarm at night when I'm about to go to bed . Fun stuff ... 
power is out at Osu 
Finally got my cs program to work :) 
trying to get work done despite having done none all weekend 
eating icecream for breakfast in order to clean out my freezer 
is unpacking back in newberg . 
bored ... cleaning out my OSU email 
Chrispy and < PROPMALE > are at my place 
is at timmay's house 
21 days till i go back to OSU 
less than two weeks till I go back to school :) 
less than a week till corvallis :) 
has left newberg . off to school 
i should go to bed since tomorrow i have class at 9 am , but i really don't feel like it haha 
it's way too hot 
Thinks < PROPFIRST > Vrvilo is awesome 
is really tired today 
Is hungry and tired 
is tired from tennis , but it was really fun . 
Has made it safely to two classes today no sign of zombies yet 
wants to play tennis 
walking in the rain is < PROPFEMALE > much fun :3 
Zombies won . Hvz was really fun 
today is gonna be a long day . 
Time to sleep . < PROPFEMALE > tired 
done with classes for today . It is definitely time for a nap :) 
is anyone going to the Outspoken concert at Milam Auditorium at 7:30 ? 
i am gay 
is back in corvallis :) 
today .... it's gonna be a long day and I'm already tired 
nap time :) 
Today was a good day . Time to sleep . 
attempting to study . \ 
two finals tomorrow\ 
bring it on :) 
the internet on campus , right now ... \ 
it's sooo slooo .... 
sooo bored\ 
I don't wanna study ... 
done with finals :D 
just realized that high schools still have school lol :D 
New phone yay :) 
Is getting sick :( 
Skype is having technical issues . I can't go online :( lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
Going to play mini golf with my cousins :) 
For the first time in almost a month im going to bed before 3am 
The line at the book store is .... so long ... 
finally gave into playing a game of HoN after two whole months haha :D 
It's definitely nap time . I'm tired . 
No matter how tired I am in the morning or throughout the day , I never seem to learn to go to bed earlier :P 
keeps going to bed way too late . Time to sleep 
classes done , this is gonna be a good weekend . It's nap time haha XD 
Lol im < PROPMALE > 
I LOVE < PROPFIRST > Gonzalez 
Today was < PROPFEMALE > much fail . But not a bad day overall . Time for sleep :) 
is having a pretty awesome day so far :D 
Its The weekend !!! Bring it on :D 
Just ate ramen . Now it's time for bed :) 
Really needs to change this sleep schedule . Is < PROPFEMALE > tired . 
Is going to bed early cuz I have a midterm at 9 and10 and an oral exam at 11:30 XD . Bring it on :p 
It's gonna be curved yay !! :D 
Kalilah McLarge is on my mind ;) 
Classes done.it's nap time and the weekend yay 
Nap time 
Is at asian celebration in < PROPFIRST > 
going to bed at 5am was probably not the best idea I've had in a while :p 
I'm < PROPFEMALE > glad it's the weekend hahaha :D 
Kalilah Hernandez . I want you 
just woke up from a like 3 hour nap . Now to do something kinda productive haha 
3 more days :] 
2 more days yay :3 
Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes yesterday . It was a really nice day and had a lot of fun :) 
9 hours of math today . I feel < PROPFEMALE > accomplished :3 
Is finally done with finals :D 
Haircut :D 
Is back in corvallis :) 
Kpop is < PROPFEMALE > addicting 
had fun eating ramen in my room with < PROPFEMALE > Hadi , Kalilah < PROPMALE > Human , and < PROPFIRST > Gonzalez :D 
