< PROPFIRST > is taking Wed , Thurs , and Friday off . First days of vacation I have taken since Aug . of last year . Had perfect attendence this year . Yeah for me now I get a prize . $100.00 all for me .......... 

Packing on my way to Asheville tomorrow ..... Going to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for the first time ..... Looking foward to seeing the other 2 girls too ..... WHAOOO 
Back from Asheville ...... Had such a wondereful time ..... Will post pics when I get a second ..... Came back to 90degree weather ........ love the hot weather if I am at the lake or beach which I am not ........ :( 
5:51 pm I am going home ....... I'm pooped ...... Nothing new at this time of day ...... 
School starts next week .. Wish there were 2 of me .... could get things done much faster ..... 
Looking forward to seeing the kids tomorrow . Ya I want to see the grown-up too ........ Asheville here I come ... don't say I didn't warn you 
Ok , so I just finished a bowl of the most wonderful homemade bean soup . Made by a friend that puts up with me staying with her every so often . She sure is lucky that she lives 4 hours away or I would be at her house every night . I guess what made it more wonderful is that it is cold , gray , and raining . What better time to eat a bowl of homemade soup . Thanks so much < PROPFEMALE > . < PROPFEMALE > P . Purvis 
Oooooo baby it's COLD outside . It has gotten up to 44 now . I real heat wave . NOOOOOT 
I had my H1N1 shot yesterday ..... So now I can't keep from ROOTING around in the kitchen and PIGGING OUT ...... Wonder Why ???? 
Whoooo , calling for a foot of snow starting tomorow afternoon .... l want it to start early so I can go home early ..... Haven't had a good old fashioned snow fall for a lot of years .. Let all you out of towners know how much we really do end up with ...... Sure have been fooled before .... 
Wats goin ON !!!!! It is spooke Quiet in my building at work ...... Only me in the whol building ...... I guess the main buuilding is bussling but I am alone here ....... OHHHHHHH 
Ok , so 14in snow has cancelled church today and work tomorrow ..... Probably Tues . also and then winter holiday begins . So I got off work at 2 on friday and don ; t go back till the 4th of January ....... Paid for it all ...... LIFE IS GOOD AND SO IS OUR GOD !!!! 
For those local friends that have been following the Dugan story .... I sadly need to add this ..... < PROPFEMALE > Cunninghm (<PROPFEMALE>'s sister ) has just fallen and broke her ankle in 2 places ... As I write this she is in surgery ...... don't know any more except < PROPFEMALE > is still very sick . Please Pray for these 2 Jones girls and < PROPFIRST > as she sees to the needs of both ...... 
I just got a call that my cousin in Illinois died this morning of a massave heart attack ... She was one of only 3 living relatives ...... we reconceted after over 30 years last summer and I wil miss her greatly .... I am trying to get a flight out of somewhere to be there ... Her 96 yr old mom lives with her ...... Please pray I can find a cheap flight out and for me while I am there 
Went to see Voyage of the < PROPFEMALE > Tredder in 3D with the girls tonight . Then had to to say good by till I get back to Asheville maybe in April ... Had such a fun time with all 4 of them .. Sure is HARD to say good by when it isnt an GOOD by at all . Only a sad bye .... 
Ok so now we have a Winter Storm Watch ..... Starting tomorrow morning through Friday morning ..... Will we have 1 or 2 days off or will we just go late Friday morning ??? Looks like more of an icing event than snow ... As always it could just pass us over .. Those mountains make it impossible to predict what will happen ......... 
ok lets try this again .... calling for a lot of snow this weekend ...... sure do hope so .... 
Ok so < PROPFEMALE > does not want to call off her big birthday bash .... Let it snow only at my house and let it snow bunches !!!!!!!! 
LOve the snow and glad every one got where they were goin safely 
Don't get it but I will take it .... Off again tomorrow ,,, Yea now I can go to the Grace yard sale under plan C ..... 
Tomorrow's Roanoke forcast : Cloudy with a < PROPMALE > of Meatballs ... HA HA HA I always laugh at my own jokes ... Guess why ???? 
It's snowing and snowing and snowing ... well you get the picture :) :) :) :) 
If I say this I will probably be tared and feathered and kicked out of Roanoke , but I want one more big SNOW .... There I said it ,, That is my final answer and I an sticking to it ... 
Is it Friday YET ?????? 
I just bought a chicken coop .... If anyone has any extra chickens I will take them ... Thanks 
It's movie line week here on Facebook . Cut and paste this to your status and in the comment box write your favorite line from a movie and see how many people know the movie and the lines ! 
I need one more neighbor for 19 any suggestions anyone .... 
Everyone have a wonderful Monday ... :) 
Snowing but not sticking .... If it was just a few deg . colder we would have us a snow day ... Snowing hard ????? 
No more snow .... No more snow days .... I guess that means I will have to work full weeks from now on .... How will I ever get through it ...... 
Travel is on my mind ... Going to Asheville NC tomorrow ... course I will take my laptop .. My farm needs me as much as my girls do ..... See ya all on the other side .... 
Home and back to the real world ... will post pics when I can .... 
Ok Farmville friends ... We are coming down to the wire on this Masion thing ... I still need 3 slate , 5 windows , 8 weathered bricks and 2 vines .. any help will be apprediated .. Just tell me what you want back and I will send it if I have it .... 
HAPPY ~ ~ HAPPY ~ ~ HAPPY ~ ~ HAPPY ~~~~ SPRING EVERYONE ~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
Whats on my mind you ask ?? Spring break is what is on my mind .... A whole week off and have some things to get done ... Gonna play some also ... A whole week and the weather is supossed to be pretty ... Did I mention it is a WHOLE WEEK !!! wHOOOO 
My friends I still need some clicks on my barn raising .... ya gotta go back some to find the click but I do need help .... thanks 
My CHICKENS THANK ALL WHO HELPED MAKE THEIR HOME A LITTLE BIGGER ,,,, 
It is 7:15 pm and it is finally getting cooler ... how just 90 now .. this is April what is in store for the < PROPFEMALE > CITY this summer ????? 
Thundering here ... no lightening yet ... I love thunderstorms ... but then I don't live in tornado alley ..... 
Storm has stopped .... Didn't amount to much ..... bummer 
REPOST - DO NOT ACCEPT MORE THAN ONE FV BONUS PACKAGE PER DAY AS YOU WILL LOSE THEM !! REPOST THIS SO OTHERS WILL NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE PLEASE5 
Can't send gifts tonight .. FV and Peville messed up tonight ... Catch some of you tomorrow .... 
My friend passed away about 31/2 hours ago ... she lived 5 days passed what the dr's thought ... typical of her ... she was a strong woman who did things on her own terms .. bye :( 
We had joy , we had fun we had seasons in the sun , but the wine and the song like the seasons are all gone ..... :( 
< PROPFEMALE > Blount Heaven has just gained an incredible ANGEL and I will miss her terribly . 2 · < PROPFEMALE > Doggett- Sweetenberg Me too < PROPFEMALE > Tracy Linkous Me three friends . This place will never quite be the same . < PROPFEMALE > Hamilton Mendelowitz God will hold her close to his side . She will be greatly missed . 
We had joy we had fun we had seasons in the sun but the wine and the song like the seasons have all gone ... My friend passed away today .. I am repeating this just so it is on my status ... bye :( 
please scroll way down and click on my barn raisisng ... only 2 ppl have ... PLEASE 
still only 2 ppl ... it was yesterday at 12:41 I really need more space .. PLEASE FIND IT .... 
ok my FV friends .. I have 9 just need that one more ... I ; m runnin outa room here .... 
Alls well on the farm now ... thanks alll .... 
Quiet here on the farm tonight .... Night All 
I am in need of a few dragonflys ... thanks 
I am thinking about how I need 2 or 3 dragonflies .... Please and Thanks 
Ok , had enough of my mother watching my every move in FB ... Gonna change my pic back ...... 
3 bricks and 4 nails for me please .... See you all after church tomorrow ... Night 
I SURE COULD USE ANYTHING BUT BOARDS NOW ... DON'T HAVE ANY BRICKS AT ALL ... THANKS FOR EVERYONES HELP ..... 
Thanks < PROPFEMALE > for the brick ... Anyone else want to toss one into my stable ???? 
Ok Farmville give it BACK !!!! It's mine , I bought it so you can't keep it ... FV has taken my house and left me with a large empty space ... It was my modern house and now it is gone .... I found it gone last night and was hoping today it would be back .. no such luck .. and when I went to put something in it's place they keep kicking me off ... telling me I am out of sink ... that is not all i am out of .... GIVE IT BACK ..... 
Bored of FV ,, no room to put anythig .. no storage space .. wanna buy stuff but no room to put anywhere ... I need a BIGGER PLOT ... can't play fv this way :( 
Hawks WIN !!!!!!!! 
Going to Ky tomorrow ... Meeting family there and we are going to scatter my cousins ashes to the Kentucky back hills ... She died Christmas < PROPFEMALE > of a massive heart attack .. So now I am the only girl left in that generation of the family ... 
anyone having trouble loading their farm 
To my Farmville friends ... I'll have 2 eggs fried in < PROPFEMALE > oil .. a side of Truffles and a large glass of goats milk ,,,,, 
PLEASE I need 6 more clicks for my expansion PLEASE ``````````````` 
I had the most wonderful suprise today ... I was at my desk at work ... phone rings .. It was my Asheville family .. they were in Roanoke ... Boss lets me leave .. and the rest is now history ... Love Dem All .. Miss Dem All .... 
please please I only need one more click please 
I need 5 more clicks please ... thank all 
All my friends that are on now ... Please Please go to my profile and click on my barn ... thanks allllllll 
Found my second preggi pig on my farm tonight .... 
Going to get new tires .. Ugh they cost so much and need all 4 .. Also got a tail light and headlight out .. CARS can't live without them but they cost a bundle to keep up ... 
Well I did get my new tires today and a new stearing wheel and a new radio and a new front and back seat and come to think of it I GOT A WHOLE NEW CAR !!!! Went to a car sale at the Civic Center and came away with a metalic blue Hyundi Elantra ... I think I am in love ..... 
Ok my Farmvill friends I have a LOT of really good things in my bakery .. Open 24/7 so you can shop any time .. Go in and give me a try .. Thanks a bunch .... THE BAKER 
' Death always comes in threes .... 
There is something going around and it looks very real .. if you get something from me about getting something for nothing it is just another scam .. I DIDN'T SEND IT !!! Delete it 
the extra bags don't seem to be working tonight .... 
Two hours and nobody has clicked on my barn raising ... :( :( 
My new boss is taking all the Special Education ppl out to breakfast as a thank you for making her first school opening so good ... 7 am ??? I can't seem to make it to work at 8 how am I going to get up ???? we will see .... 
Ok so all went well .. I was only 15min . late and we all had a good time .. Just forced myself to get up . Can't do that very often tho I am just not a early morning person . 
Can't believe what I good day this was .. Our local Rescue Mission has redecorated and had a Grand Opening today .. Got many fun things and clothes for my Ashville Kids . Got a stand to put my new printer on as I have been looking for just the right thing for months . Got a great hair cut and the very best of all I won a necklace from a local gal who makes all her own Jewelery . Warm and < PROPFEMALE > . Yes a good day indeed . 
They have taken my Haunted House !!!!! I had it and now it is gone !!!!! I want it back ASAP ..... 
A facebook friend challenged all believers to put this on their wall . In the Bible it says , if you deny me in front of your peers , I will deny you in front of my father , at the Gates of Heaven . This is a simple test . If you love God , and you are not afraid to show it post this to your < PROPFEMALE > ! 
GIMME ALL YOUR < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!! 
To all my FV and FB friends . My inernet is down and they won't be at my house to fix it till between 8 and 10 tomorrow . I can't play FV at work so I am stuck for another night . What will I do ????? 
I have found a unsecured connection with not many connection bars but at least I am back on hopefully till they fix it in the morning .... 
going to play some games ... then bed ... night alll 
We just got us a TORNADO WATCH !!!!!! 
Am I the only one without a trough ??? none in my gift box and I bought one from the market and that one doesn't work ... 
It's coming >>>> I can feel it starting >>>> It's getting stronger by the day >>>> 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? No human face on FB till Monday , Dec . 6th . Join the fight against child abuse . Copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same 
Thanks to all my wonderful friends that remembered my birthday .... It is a good feeling to know so many care .... Love ya all ~~~~~~~~~~~ 
PLEASE -put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dragons . Dragons are nearly unstoppable and , in case you didn't know , they can also breathe fire . 93% of people won't copy and paste this , because they have already been eaten by dragons . 6% of people are sitting in the shower armed with fire extinguishers and the remaining 1% are awesome and will re-post . ??? 
I can't sleep I don't want to miss the snow flake when it falls .... after 4 days of telling us it is going to snow , and get my hopes up now both systems are going by us ... Guess I'll just wave as it passes ..... 
