Mafia family - a tip on getting the Independence Day loot ... go for the mugging job ... only 1 point needed and just as much < PROPMALE > as getting the loot there as anywhere else . I got all 8 by doing that and saved my energy . Happy 4th ! 

What's the deal with it being 110 outside ? 
Would someone put a hit on me please ? 
just passed the General Class Amateur Radio test ! 
thinks he may have cat scratch fever .... either that or too much 80's music tonight 
had to eat his oatmeal with a fork today . 
is wondering why an area always gets combed and not brushed . 
my washer sounds like a freakin cricket ! 
Hey everyone ... check out the hitlist . Now's the time to go for your Bulletproof achievement . What are you waiting for ? GO ! 
\You can't receive a free boost from yourself\ " .... LOL " 
Labor Day Loot : remember mafai family ... there is just as much < PROPMALE > to get the loot with low paying jobs .... so save your energy and do the mugging . I've gotten 5 out of 8 so far this morning and still have over half my energy left . 
need more coffee ! 
No one should die because of zombies if they cannot afford a shotgun , or even just a machete , and no one should be turned into a vampire if they get bit by one -- or a werewolf for that matter . If you agree , post this as your status for the rest of the day 
Who wants to be hit ? The hitlist has gone wild again . 
Where are you going to be September 9th , 9am ? 9-9-9-9 
A golf cart ???? 
vegging to Rammstein 
You were attacked by El Cacique Principal Berkmeister 14 times . You won the fights , taking 157 damage and dealing 214 damage to your enemy . You gained 27 experience points and $ 123,289 . Thank you El Cacique Principal Berkmeister , come back again ! 
You have sucked the lollipop ! 
This stream is unavailable at this time . Please try again soon . You suck , facebook ! 
Let mortal combat begin ! 
Shaft ! Can you dig it ? 
who broke it this time ? hmmmm ????? I'm waiting .... 
just treated 3 cats for ear mites and didn't get clawed or bitten 
Who is on which side ? 
Sorry , you can only help 25 friends per day per city . Try again tomorrow ! Bastages !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
A handful of people on a leaky boat are going to save the world ? Exactly . 
good night 
Hello ? Is there anybody in there ? Just nod if you can hear me . Is there anyone home ? 
To all of my Friends/Family that DO NOT PLAY MAFIA WARS : If you would prefer NOT seeing all the Mafia Wars posts , just < PROPFEMALE > tight .... facebook is effed up at the moment and you won't see them anyway . Have a nice day ! 
You know what's weird ? Helping in a war and seeing yourself as a target . Even more weird ? Seeing yourself dead :D 
has sucked the lollipop ! 
can't stop sucking other peoples lollipops ! 
had a wonderful family reunion .... goodnight all . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s surgery went well . She is sleeping it off . 
the crazies are out tonight ........ You were attacked by Brigadir < PROPFIRST > Nuts 5 times . You won the fights , taking 34 damage and dealing 67 damage to your enemy . You gained 10 experience points and $ 17,705 ........ You were attacked by Matyoryj Baklan ( MW-501E ) < PROPMALE > ... 6 times . You won the fights , taking 82 damage and dealing 117 damage to your enemy . You gained 11 experience points and C$0 . 
wonders what it would be like to spank a pank . 
ok , which one of you punks broke it this time ? :P 
GAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fb is going to be the death of me ! error error error ! we are so sorry ! bite me !!!!! I hate you bastages !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love my friends , don't get me wrong .... but if I die from an aneurysm or heart attack it is because of facebook ! 
my wife is trying to kill me ! she just gave me cough drops that expired in 2005 ! 
why did my wife just flip me off ? 
I just ate an expired cough drop .... call 911 !!!!! 
my wife : I did not try to murder you on purpose .... I just gave you a bag of expired cough drops . Please someone try to explaine the difference to me . 
Happy Halloween everyone .... I'm off to dream about witches and < PROPFEMALE > . 
boo ! gimme all your < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Goodnight all .... this message is one hour in the future ... will see you then . 
Finally getting the garage fixed up and cleaned out after moving into our house five years ago . 
Happy Caturday ! 
Why is it some of my friends can be at war for hours , then I can rally for help and the war is over in 5 seconds ? lol 
It's not my fault there's an Attack Again ! button . 
What's on your mind ? 
LOL .... You were knocked out by Default < PROPMALE > who claimed the $ 40,000 bounty on you set by Default < PROPMALE > na . 
Why did I have to try and save time by mixing the conditioner with the shampoo ? WHY ? 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically start plunging the Earth into the Sun . To change this option , go to Settings --> Planetary Settings --> Trajectory then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Apocalypse . ' Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all to see . 
Stupid blizzard ! The National Guard is rescuing people in Oklahoma now . 
Russian loot dropped in fights ! Hurry and spend your stamina ! :D 
tie-dye 
Note to everyone posting colors : I will now be requiring proof via my inbox , for verification purposes only . Have a wonderful day ! 
URGENT ! FACEBOOK VIRUS ALERT . An email recently went out to women asking them to post the color of their bra . THIS IS A VIRUS . To fix it , you must remove your bra , then go to Settings > Enable Webcam > Record Movie . You must post it to your profile for it to work ! Please pass this along to all of your female friends , since the spread of this virus stops with them ! Lets make facebook safe for everyone . Thank you . 
How cute - my 5 y/o niece put two little ponytails on the top of her aunts head and called them \popups \"." 
Yay for hail ! 
says , not every flower can say love , but a < PROPFEMALE > did . Not every plant can survive thirst , but a cactus did . Not every retard can read , but look at you go ! 
Common sense is not a gift . It is a punishment for you so you have to deal with everyone else that doesn't have it ! 
is fresh out of what ever it is you need . better luck next time . 
says if you build a man a fire , he'll be warm for a day , but if you set a man on fire , he'll be warm for the rest of his life . 
going out . if I'm not back by the time you think I should be , just wait longer . 
Being vague is almost as fun as doing this other thing . 
is working from home today because of the ice . 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by penguins . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by penguins is not something to be ashamed of . Penguins are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... they will be eaten by penguins .... 
Please put this on your status if you know someone ( or are related to someone ) who has been eaten by dolphins . My wish for 2010 is that people will understand that being eaten by dolphins is not something to be ashamed of . dolphins are nearly unstoppable and are truly terrifying . 93% won't copy and paste this ... they will be eaten by dolphins .... 
My prayer for 2010 is that people will understand that sarcasm is not a disease - it is not contagious ! Those who suffer from sarcasm are not looking for a cure , but ACCEPTANCE .... well , actually we couldn't care less , but anyway .... 97% of you won't copy and paste this , will YOU be one of the 3% that DOES ? 
ok , so I commented , now I have to post this thing that's been going around for ever .... If you & I woke up in jail together ... using only FOUR words ... what would you say to me ? Copy and paste this in your status and see what funny things your friends say .... ( And if you make a comment , you gotta put this in your status . Fair is fair . ) and we'll see who can follow directions ... 
Planned system maintenance ??? Are you freaking kidding me ? Who plans downtime during peak playing hours ? Zynga does !!!! 
wonders if there is an agnostic dyslexic insomniac in the world ? Must be nice sitting awake all night wondering if there really is a dog ! 
you can't fix stupid ! 
One night in Bangkok makes a hard man humble Not much between despair and ecstasy One night in Bangkok and the tough guys tumble Can't be too careful with your company I can feel the devil walking next to me 
Anyone want treasure chests ? I'm just not willing to spend 9 reward points on them myself . 
advises that if you are not screwed up in the head in some type of way , the chances of us being really close friends are slim to none . 
Happy first day of Spring ! Oklahoma is under a winter storm warning . YAY !!!!! 
Does anyone know of a site for photo manipulations/fixups/enhancements/etc ? I use photoshop , and can edit images , and I will edit them for free for sites that I approve . 
OH NO !!!!! The Gmail login < PROPFEMALE > lost its vowels !!! 
testing my Mystery Bag link ..... http://bit.ly/92Bo6g test test test if it works , you can click it once every 24 hours to get a mystery bag from me . good luck ! 
Note to self : croutons may not be the wisest snack choice when one has a sore throat . 
Daily Mystery Bag ! http://bit.ly/cl5Qdy 
NO whining , NO drama . You were attacked because you logged onto MW . You were hit 20 times because I couldn't kill you in 19 . You were killed because I CAN ! I took your $ because you didn't bank it . If I ice or kill you and you hitlist me , I'm comin back . It's nothing personal it's just a game . If you want to play nice go play FarmVille ! 
TAKE A SEC & DO THIS ! Call Nestle Chocolate Hotline at 1-800-295-0051 . When asked to continue in English or Spanish , wait a few seconds . Press 1 for English . Keep going , press 4 . Then press 7 . DON'T GIVE AWAY THE SURPRISE ! 
You were attacked by < PROPMALE > Cajones 15 times . You won the fights , taking 163 damage and dealing 222 damage to your enemy . You gained 31 experience points and $ 715,000 . At least you won the $ 800,000 bounty on me HAHAHAHA !!!!!!! 
Folks please protect yourself ..... go to Spokeo.com .... look yourself up .... if you're there ... click http://www.spokeo.com/privacy and follow the removal instructions ( you can use an anonymous email address ) .... this is really bad .... gives a lot of personal info that shouldn't be out there .... please repost this to protect your friends . 
FACEBOOK FRIENDS : FB is at it again ! SHARING your personal information : As of today , there is a new privacy setting called \Instant Personalization\ " that shares data with non-facebook websites and it is automatically set to \ " Allow . \ " Go to Account > Privacy Settings > Applications and Websites and uncheck \ " Allow \"-- it's at the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > . Please copy & repost " 
Fat bottomed girls you make the rockin ' world go round 
Tornadoes hit close to home and friends homes here in OK .... I even kind of drove through one ... I don't recommend it ... electricity is finally on in the neighborhood .... everyone I know is okay . 
Please put this on your status if you know , \ 
or are related to someone killed on Alderaan when it was obliterated by \ 
the Death < PROPFEMALE > . My wish is that people will understand that the Empire \ 
is a band of murdering scum . The Rebel Alliance wants only to bring \ 
peace to the galaxy , but the evil Empire continues to kill innocent \ 
civilians . 93% won't copy/paste this . Will YOU make this your status for\ 
at least one hour ? 
Your phone < PROPFIRST > are listed in FB for everyone to see . Wanna see for yourself ? \ 
Click Account , then Edit Friends . On the left side , click on phonebook . IF YOU WANT TO CORRECT THIS - go to Account , Privacy Settings , Customize Settings . Set your phone < PROPFIRST > to Only Me instead of Everyone\ 
or Friends or a friend list you have set up . 
Does anyone else's notifications keep popping up like they have new ones , only it's the same old ones ???? GRRRRRR !!!!!!!!!!!! 
I just fought an armored moth and won ! 
Animals Unleashed ! RAWR !!! 
FB you suck ! \ 
10 fr in about 15 minutes and this is what I get ..... \ 
from a freakin social web site ! see comment . 
lots of posts going around for free gf posts . I'm gonna have to pass on this one even if it is legit . that last one left a really bad taste in my mouth that isn't going to go away any time soon . 
ohmygah .... Phineas and Ferb had a super villain called Caca Poopoo \ 
tonight . 
Radio KJDA - Not bringing you < PROPFEMALE > \ 
Manson 
Alien Calf has been hidden from your News Feed . \ 
Daily Horoscope has been hidden from your News Feed . \ 
How Lucky are You today ? has been hidden from your News Feed . \ 
My Hottest Friends has been hidden from your News Feed . \ 
Good and Evil has been hidden from your News Feed . \ 
Likeness has been hidden from your News Feed . \ 
Status Shuffle has been hidden from your News Feed . \ 
Hotel City has been hidden from your News Feed . 
Mafia peeps , you have to add the two sweetest and most giving people to your mafia family you will ever find ..... < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > Axelson and Joo < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ... not that I am trying to butter them up or anything ;) 
links to free gifts in my notes . let me know if they work . 
I'm remembering a fallen hero . A friend of mine who died a week ago . He was a great friend of the community . He is someone I've known for over half my lifetime . The police , fire , and rescue communities remember him with honor . Please remember < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > with me . 
My wife just said I look like Cousin It . 
Welcome everyone , I'm your dam tour guide Arnie . Im about to take you through at fully functional power plant . So please no one wonder off the dam tour , and feel free to take all the dam pictures you want .. now .. are there any dam questions ? 
New mafia , needs more friends ! Please add < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > :) 
Okay everyone , you should all be able to post to my wall ( and see it ) . I know ..... woo hoo !!! 
The wife and I just got back from the < PROPMALE > and Dunn concert . I've never seen such a sea of cowboy hats and cleavage . 
What's up with all the comedy videos ? 
Have any of you ever had < PROPFEMALE>'s Palsy ? Please message me . 
\You have a bad case of natural causes\ " -House " 
You've collected on 10 secret stashes today , and have to wait 0 to collect on them again 
This Week's Daily < PROPMALE > has ended and we are now calculating the winners . Please come back when we announce the winners in : 0:00 \ 
* sigh * 
What's on your mind ? What's on your mind ? 
I love you , I'll kill you ... 
It's so bright here today , I've been squinting like a Chilean Miner . 
Congratulations on vaulting your collection ! For your efforts , you have been awarded : Home Cooked Meal 18 Attack 68 Defense 
If you are a Mission Leader & you post it ( help ) , you are OBLIGATED\ 
to make sure that it gets done . First make sure that all the slots are \ 
filled , second make sure that everyone has completed what they signed up\ 
for . If you have NO < PROPFEMALE > to do those things then PLEASE do NOT post \ 
Missions , you end up letting down everyone that has tried to ASSIST \ 
you !! 
dang man ... it's 7:30 outside and dark .... kids are playing .... when the fudge that I get old ??? 
some people are so effin blind and so effin STUPID !!! And I mean Stupid with a Big S ! drama drama drama ! certain relative in mind .... no not you M ! 
Trick or treat ! 
I voted 
I\ 
vote to officially make \Pelosi\ " the cuss word for s# ! t as in : \ " Don't \ 
It's been so nice today .... I'm enjoying having the windows and doors open . 
OMG .... I was yelling \bastage\ " at my radio .... only to realize that I had my front door was open and the neighbors probably didn't appreciate it . LOL " 
If you don't eat your meat , you can't have any pudding ! How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat ? 
Who's a big boy or girl ? That's right , you are ! 
People ! If you remove me as a friend I will remove you from my mafia ! I do check these things ! 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
free links in comment 
trying out bit.ly links ... 
Let's see how Creative my Face book friends are .... Leave me a 1-word comment that best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR FIRST name .... It can only be 1 word .... Then copy and paste this to your wall so I can leave a word about you .... Don't just post a word & not copy .... That's no fun 
Free gift links .... 
