is Happy New Year everyone from < PROPFIRST > and Malachi . Hope this year finds you many good blessings ... 

Is thinking about moving my bed to pizza hut ... feels like i amd starting to live there ... pulling a double today .. Hope < PROPFEMALE > gets to feeling better 
got a phone call from malachi last night .... He called at the busy time at work .... o well still answered my phone ..... was up late last night .... Could not sleep was happy to hear from him .... two weeks and i in texas .... one week and i 18 .... so exciting ! Happy New Year Everyone from Malachi ! Love < PROPFIRST > & Malachi 
Four days and the baby of the family is no longer a baby ... she is 18 ... Looking forward to what life has to bring for me ... but ready for this texas trip ... Racking some money up for when i get home .. will have over 30 hours in one week ! Happy Happy Joy Joy 
If not now then when ? 
is .... ready for senior year to come already 
Went to pitt yesterday and had a blast hope i can do it again really really soon ! 
cant believe there is only a month and a half until senior year ... im ready but im not ready .. hold on family the baby is growing up 
Had so much fun yesterday ... i got to see him ! Cant wait till next time 
The road is coming to a fork ... do i go left or right ? 
Had a wonderful day yesterday and last night with Malachi , and so far a wonderful day with baby girl ! 
class of 2010 good luck with our senior year getting ready to start ... be smart in everyting we do and may our decisions be wise . Cubs ! congrats on making it this far without me good luck ill try and keep in touch . Malachi , good luck with basic and ait im behind you 100% and wish you the best of luck . Family , Thanks for all the support you put forth to get me this far it really means alot to me . I love you all ! 
Why me ? Why now ? HOw much worse can this get ? 
i fell you caught me . i fall again and you just let me go like you did to the rest of them </3 
senior pics in two weeks ..... malachi leaves in three ..... senior order forms due tuesday ..... life is growing fast 
Little stressed out right now not ready to say goodbye ... tears already started falling .... why does it have to end this way .... i love you Malachi never will i forget you be safe ..... see you when you return 
Ready or Not Here We Go .......... 
ugh ... 
On his way to LackLand Best of luck < PROPFEMALE > i will be thinking of you <3 
Down in Lackland already have not heard anything from him yet still playing the waiting game ... will keep you notified .... < PROPFIRST > .. 
His basic starts tomorrow ... so we should have his address sometime in the next two weeks ... Please keep him in our thoughts and prayers .... < PROPFIRST > 
Checking the mail everyday still nothing ... got some paper work coming my way from him eventually .... hurry up january will come fast .... still have no update on him hope his basic is going well ...... For me i am doing good not down in the dumps hanging in there .. always thinking about him but kno he is coming home ... Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ... < PROPFIRST > 
Happy turkey day ... im thankful that the lord has let me live for 17 almost 18 years ... I'm also thankful for the support my family gives me each and every day ! 
Got a phone call from LackLand Texas today ... Malachi says hello to everyone and happy thanksgiving ... did not get to talk much could hardly understand a word he was saying ... looking forward to January .... He Loves you all and will see you when he gets home .... < PROPFIRST > & Malachi <3 
Today has not started off very good .... had two nightmares this morning ... Malachi was in both .... Thought i was doing good but not it seems like he is all i can think about day and night ..... I Love You < PROPFEMALE > and i can't wait to see you again <3 
Is doing alot better today .. still waiting for some mail to come my way ... getting a little ancy to hear from my wonderful Boyfriend .... Will update everyone on him when i get the 411 .... < PROPFIRST > & Malachi <3 
So . Today has been a wonderful day . got out of school for half the day to listen to a motivational speaker about drinking and driving . Got my hair cut after school . Got a LETTER ! when i got home from getting my hair cut . I have a message to all of you . Malachi- \Everyone ... I send my Hellos to all . Im still pushing Texas !. \ " Sending love to all < PROPFIRST > and Malachi <3 " 
How is life supposed to be going great when all that is in your life is drama .. or people getting mad at you because you state your opinion or just dont feel like talking .... Ugh .... Where is my easy button at ? Sure wish my boyfriend was home so i at least know he would not be mad or upset with me 
Is starting to believe that it is going to be okay .... one less person in my life is not going to make a difference .... tough luck ... things happen .... Just thankful for another funfilled day without her ... got to see mom and < PROPMALE > and go to walmart ... then come home clean up the garage and move wood around .. then went back to walmart with < PROPFEMALE > ... what a wonderful day ! 
Ready for Malachi to come home ... i really miss him and need nothing more than a hug and a kiss from him .... still have not heard anything from him on this end .... waiting ... it gets harder and harder as the days go on ... 3 wks until i turn 18 . 2 wks until winter break .... not sure how long until i make my trip to texas ... please let it be soon ... I love him and miss him so much right now you dont even understand :( 
heading to work again ... seems like its all i do but it brings home good money ... money for me to go on road trips with the boyfriends family ! off to texas in january .... Love ya < PROPFEMALE > ... 
not to happy with the outcome of my check this time ... for all the hard work i put into it im sure not getting much out of it ... saving up for texas trip still .... Wont stop until i get to see him again .. then after that its time to save up for a new car so i have one that i dont have to worry about breaking down . 
January is a big Month this year ! i turn 18 , Malachi completes his basic ! all in a matter of two weeks .... Hurry up January 13th bring on the road trip ! bday not so important lol 
is going to go shower and get the rest of the christmas shopping out of the way .... Christmas is almost here which means Texas trip is getting closer ! Ready for it all to be over with 
is ready for these two days off ... then back at it again ... making the big bucks ... haha who am i kidding .... ready to see my mommy and spend some holiday cheer with her .... my last Christmas as a minor ! 
Mom is on her way to get me ! so excited ... can't wait to see her ... She means alot to me , as i mean alot to her ! Ready to just chillax with her and catch up have not seen her since thanksgiving :( 
I would like to say < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to < PROPMALE > my family and friends .. M < PROPMALE > achi i know you can not read this but < PROPFEMALE > Christmas anyway < PROPFEMALE > love you ! <3 Dad i got to see your military greeting this morning ... < PROPFEMALE > Christams to you and i am waiting to see you soon ! 
Malachi says < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all . He is looking forward to being done with everything .... Tears have already fallen up here because of malachi's christmas gift to me .. Love to all and < PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFIRST > & Malahci <3 
Got letters from malachi .... Made me cry .... Got done playing in the snow to get my mind off the letters ..... covered two of three dogs in snow ! started a snowman , then dog decided to attack it so i gave up .... fixing to get around for work , let the hours keep building up ... need more money for texas trip ... So Excited to see Malachi <3 
Got more letters from malachi today .. little bit of confusion on what he is trying to say ... but all will be will in time .. well off to finish cleaning up the house .... 
Is ready for the snow to just stop falling until after we leave and get back from texas .... 8 days and im outa here .... so exciting .... 
is loving the snow but wanting it to hold off long enough for us to get to texas and back safely ... Going to see Humboldt in a week then a new part of texas ... So Exciting ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
is is is is is is is idk what she is ... happy sad ... up down ... young old ... excited ... well as soon as i figure it out i will let you know ... 
Thank you everyone for the happy bday's i love you all to 
Well things are not looking any better for me right now ... Car broke down again ... kinda getting in high spirts but very stressful bday this year ... Me and Malachi together 7 months today ! 
Just got senior pictures in the mail ! woot woot .. no school today casino tonight with brother and sister in law ! going to be a good night to stop thinking ... Love Ya'lls 
is kinda ready for tuesday to get here ... cant wait to see him .. but scared of the changes made ... Getting nervous as time draws closer and closer 
well it managed to happen stress level = out of this world ... 
i sin humboldt for the night ... off to texas bright and early 
is off to texas see yall when i get back ! Love to all :) 
Is back from Texas had a wonderful trip can't wait to see malachi again ... Had so much fun ! Back during spring break Love you < PROPFEMALE > ! <3 
really tired from all the driving and trying to stay awake all day during school catch up on some school work and hit the hay early tonight ... Get to talk to malachi via cell phone on his free time and when i not busy ... 
is reading bootcamp ..... good book actually found one that interest me ..... 
is fixing to got ot work ....... not ready to have all the hours i once did ... adjusting to life a little better .... 
Is crying on the inside but trying to stand strong on the outside ..... 
is going to get through this ... rather hard but will succeed ..... 
\But God Bless the Broken Roads and Lead Me Straight to You ! \ " Love you AB Melton " 
is sad that she don't get to see Malachi until Saturday at the earliest ... Hopefully i will get to talk to him before then ...... Love you AB Melton <3 
is thinking things out very carefully , dont want to make the wrong move . Hopefully will get to talk to Malachi tonight :) Love you AB Melton <3 
This Snow is the most beautiful thing i have seen since my latest niece was born ... Love the big flakes and the heavy fall of it ...... 
Is going to get a shower only to smell like pizza in five hours ... :( after awhile of standing in the kitchen the smell becomes you .. once you get home that is all you can smell ... YUCK i hate it how can anyone stand the smell 
is thinking .............. 
is beginning to think that she should think things out a little more before she tells anyone about it ... it seems to always come around and bite me in the @$$ ..... Ugh really now ? really ? 
should it really be this hard to let go ? why is it so hard ? should it be this scary ? 
is thinking money needs to save up faster so i can buy a new vehicle .. mine keeps breaking down ... seems like there is something different wrong with it every day ... 
is got my car going again ... stressing out over other things ....... ugh got to love life ! 
is entering the life of a true grown up ... got everything going how i need it to go so far got things to tell malachi and i will be good to go ... once you get over the fear its pretty easy now just to get done with high school 
is getting things around ... got the talk with the boyfriend over with ... let him know my thoughts ... now to get done with the 18th bday of jaqui i all will be good .. hitting bed fairly early tonight getting sicker and sicker ... big game tomorrow .. going to get paid to watch it ! Love you AB Melton ! <3 
what a way to end a screwed up day .......... even more screwed up ............. well i guess i am off to bed can't seem to make anyone happy tonight 
Is thinking about what he is going to say ... Someone got me thinking about it .... Hope all is well .... Love you AB Melton ! Best of Luck to you ! <3 
I can't stop thinking about him ... He has been on my mind all day .. Brought a smile to my face .. I love him ... He means so much to me ... I can't wait till i get to see him .. Via person or Via Net .. He is my all .. <3 
has been told to take it ez before i make it worse ... i really hope this goes away sometime soon .. i can not take things ez for to long i will get bored out of my mind ... 2 weeks of no lifetime sports :O i think i might cry 
just pulled into humboldt till sunday .. got job interview tomorrow and all will be well 
it is getting tougher and tougher .......... 
Just got home from school and got things to get done ... hopefully tonight i will get to talk with malachi been a long day so far hopefully this evening goes by faster that what i think it will .......... 
has three weeks to pull an english assignment together ... hope i can make it look good 
wonders what it is going to take ............................... 
wishes i were with him now ....... 
fixing to go to work again ... YAY ! seems like i live there again ... lots of hours .. o well gives me more spending money for when i go to texas again ..... got some homework to do but i will have to wait until 2morrow morning 
Just got home from work and cleaned up ... now time to hit the books or computer whichever and talk to me man ... I LOVE YOU AB MELTON <3 
is praying that everything works out the way its supposed to 
thinks its so funny when someone is so serious about something until the boyfriend steps in then its all just a joke ... wow it is for sure time for you to grow up ... LOVE YOU AB MELTON !!!!!!!!!! 
Does not feel like talking about when people are coming home or what is going to happen once they get here .... Don't want to talk about death or being hospitalized ... dont feel up to talking about much ... 
does not care what anyone else thinks .... if you dont like me for who i am well then tough luck i am not going to change my life around for someone that i wont even be around come may ... ready for graduation ... ready for the high school drama to stop .... ugh isnt life grand ..... 
wants to take a moment to say happy birthday mother , good luck during round to state g town girls bball , cant wait for saturday and monday , and I LOVE YOU AB MELTON ! 
fixing to head out to topeka to get my daddy ! so exciting ...!!!!!!!!!! then off to texas monday !!!! Man time is flying by .... Spring Break here i come !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOVE YOU AB MELTON 
is glad the weekend is finally here .. dad is home and everything is going good . < PROPFIRST > and tiff are off to cali . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > in Ok for the weekend .. we leaving monday for texas ... ready for this trip but at the same time not ready .............................. 
is fixing to get her stuff around and head back to kansas ... it was fun and not so fun .... going to be a long trip back ... LOVE YOU AB MELTON ! 
what a day its been already ......... woke up and everything went down hill from there ... lots of negative things going on today and it early morning wow i can see where this day is going already 
if life gives you lemons you should make lemonade ! 
decisions decisions decisions well i guess its time for us to start making our decisions isn't it ... so many options in what to do ... everything is going to work out just how we want it to and be a okay in the end .. LOVE YOU AB MELTON !!! 
is thinking these next three weeks are going to be really boring and stressful for me . School just started back up and already the homework is coming in quickly . 54 days and i done with high school . I can move out on my own and be with my lovely man ! have fun and take care babe love you lots ! 
has a presentation tomorrow , a test tomorrow , prom saturday , and many of other things on my mind ... wow this is going to be a long six weeks of school . 
Is not feeling up to prom tomorrow ... hope i feel better and in less pain .... we will see if not drugs and an early night might have to happen . going out with my girls tomorrow night spend some time with them have a good ol time . school almost over graduation annoncements are about half way filled out worked on them two hours and now ready for bed 
is just wanting to know what they have to say . never said anything was going to come from it . i just want to listen thats all ...... Sorry i am a curious person .............. 
is setting the internet stuff up with the new computer . getting wireless this week sometime hopefully so i can be anywhere in my house with either computer and talk to people < PROPMALE > away or just across the street 
is very concerned on how these answers are going to come out ........ do i already know the answer ..... God i hope its not coming down to this .............. ugh ................................... 
just got back from seeing the family ... been a long day in the truck .... missed out on talking to malachi because i dont want to load computer ... just out of it and ready for bed .... 
well all of moms family knows now ...... lets see how things really turn out ... fixing to head back home before to long ......... 
has had a wonderful evening talking to him got to go eat and make bed finish up with laundry and hopefully talk to him some more tonight .... looking forward to talking with him this week ... love you AB MELTON !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! MWAH !!!!!!! 
LOVES HIM MORE THAN HE LOVES ME ! AND MISSES HIM MORE ..... :) he just wont fess up to the truth .................. Face the truth babe we all know its true 
is going to go back to sleep now ... shoulda did homework tonight but did not feel up to it ... heck i hardly talked to malachi ...... o well things happen more so when you feel like poo ..... got to get my rest on cant miss anymore school .... 
as i sit on facebook looking back to the childhood pictures on here i really get the picture of how much i have grown up and changed .... wow the baby is really really grown up now ...... sending love and thanks to my lovely parents for teaching me right from wrong and making me the person i am today ! 
Its been ten short months since you asked me to be yours ..... Time has flown by babe i love you so much i cant wait to see what life has in store for us .... There has been many of great memories togther and many more to come ..... LOVE YOU MALACHI < PROPFIRST > MELTON !!! <3 MWAH !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
has the most loving boyfriend ever ! kids are going home for a couple hours going to miss them .... loved sleeping with keagan and running around with c'ariah ..... 
is being offered a 500 dollar scholarship for just visiting campus on a tuesda before may 4th what to do what to do 
just got home a little bit ago had a fairly decent day at school came home and went and visited my \grandma\ " then went and hit some balls to pass time with my girls ... had a blast cant wait for the next time we go hitting ... but for now it shower time and bed before to long " 
If you have a problem with who i am then just get out of my life . I'm not going to change for some immature Witch , when i could be out having a good time with my other TRUE friends .... Ones i know wont through a fit because i wont be their taxi 
is thinking about finishing my book about a man slowly dying and his lessons on life ..... not the best book for me to be reading it will only get me thinking more ..... 15 days school days left and i'm outa this drama filled school ... CAN'T WAIT !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Just got back from wal-mart ...... almost ready to call it a night ... didnt sleep much last night ... stayed up reading my book and got to the point where i could not put it down finally at 1 o'clock this morning i forced myself to put it in my bag and try and get some sleep .... YAWN 
Tonight i wanna cry ............ 
Ugh .... idk what to do , think , or even say anymore ... 
Is hanging around the house today was going to help dad finish up with the trim but that got blown out of the water pretty fast ... guess he is going to fort spick to help bro in law ....... hope he gets it finished up with before graduation .... 
is noticing that the first thing i do after school is get on and check my facebook and email .... lay around the house for a few before i decide to actually get up and do something with my life .... wow living an even better life now ! 
Has fallen in love with him all over again ... I have the best boyfriend any girl could ask for ! I Love You Babe ! 
Just got home from an amazing day of playing in the air , fishing even though the big fishies kept breaking my line :( got a good laugh at jelly and < PROPFIRST > flipping the boat five feet from shore ... what a day what a day now time to shower and do something productive like clean house YAY !!!!!!!!!!! 
Is going to be strong in all of this no matter what it takes .... school is not even out and i already miss my friends ... Senior trip will hold tons of memories for me ... Cant wait to spend time with jelly , < PROPFIRST > , and tabs one last time before we graduate ... 
wow really ? really ?????? 
is thinking sleep would be really smart to get ... just dont feel like it right now ....... long day of school tomorrow maybe i will feel better ..... 
is home from school ..... got some homework to finish up on dogs to feed a house to clean ..... its going to be a long night ..... 
has a few more things to think long and hard about .... 
is going to sit here and act like everything is okay .... even though it isn't .... 
does not want to do this english assignment ... ugh 
is finally starting to come around ... feeling a little better as the days go by ... done with the brace i think ... its not hurting near as bad .... looks like the light at the end of the tunnel is starting to shine through a little ... 
is not having a good day , not ending the senior year well , teachers need to understand that it is hard enough for us seniors to be gone on mothers day and not overload us on homework ..... hopefully senior trip will still be fun ...... 
Why all of a sudden is everything my fault ? I didnt do a damn thing ... You chose to end it this way ........ Get over it for its not my fault all these things are happening to you .. 
is glad to know people like to keep her informed on what is going on ....... graduation in a few days , stressing over finals , cried most of day ........ well i guess its goodbye Girard High School .......... 
To my fellow classmates , Well it looks like we have finally reached the end of our high school career . May God bless you in everything you do in your lives . Good luck in everything you do . I'm going to miss all of you and the memories we have shared together throughout our schooling . Congrats to the class of 2010 ! 
Got to love the feeling that many people have any hope in you and the things you do in life ....... its not going to end how you think it is ..... have a little faith ... so what we have our fights ... we get over them .... have a little faith in what i do in my life ... its not going to turn out how you think it is ............. 
Graduation is over . Finally out of High School . Loving spending time with Malachi its been wonderful so far and is only going to get better . Ready for vacation to come and go so i can get a job and possibly get some college on .... 
Just got home from a bike ride ... feels like forever since i have rode one of them ... trying to get back in the habbit of being active and losing the rest of my weight .... going to take alot of work but im willing to take the challenge 
I'm going to love you , Like its the last day of my life ... So I'm going to bring home a dozen roses , and pour us a glass of wine ... 
Just the thought of him having to leave makes my heart hurt ..... I'm already starting to live in pain again ..... How am i going to be able to handle being away from him again ... idk how long it will be for this time ........ ;'( 
i have officially busted the screen off my phone ................... still works for now ...... 
The world spins faster around me ... But me and my life stand perfectly still ...... 
I'm sorry world for all the wrong i have brought you .... I'll try and change my ways ........ 
The more i try not to think about it , the more i do think about it ... I'm not ready for the pain , however i am ready to prove to people that its going to be okay and we will make it ... be safe on your way , and keep in touch babe , you are in our thoughts and prayers ... Love you bunches 
Kids and parents are off to swim . what should i do to pass time ? hope time flys fast tonight and i can talk with malachi more . really hurt last night not getting to talk much . Love you much babe 
Hates it when people tell me i'm going to fail . Not all marriages fail ... you guys need to grow up leave me alone and stop trying to get me to change my mind . its not going to happen . I love malachi . I love him to pieces so get over yourselves and leave us alone . 
What have i done now ... I feel that i have screwed up in so many ways ...... I'm sorry .... 
Sending birthday wishes to my fiance Malachi Melton . Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > hope you have a wonderful day . I love you . 
Today = not so bad ... went out to eat with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > and had a good time . Now ready to talk to my Fiance to see how his day is going have not got to talk to him since nine this morning ... he's all i can think about . Love you A1C Melton 
So lay here beside me , just hold me , and don't let go . This feelin ' I'm feelin ' is somethin ' I've never known . And I just can't take my eyes off you . And I just can't take my eyes off you ....... I'm falling fast , but the truth is , I'm not scared at all . You climed my walls . 
If all Girard wants to do to me is cause drama in my life and stress me out even more , to heck with it . I dont need that in my life , its stressed enough . Figure your words out , stop turning other people's words around and grow up . My life is hard enough to live without you in it , so forget you . I'm not in High school , I shouldn't be having to deal with your stupid childish drama . 
Tonight is going to be the night that i change my life . No more smoking , No more not being in shape , No more not having muscles . Thanks to all my motivations in life , and a wonderful fiance that is going to help me through all of this . A life changing event is happening right before your eyes . I love you Sweetheart , and thank you for all your dedication to help me in this big event in my life ! Mwah ! 
ugh ............................................................................................................. its going to be a long night/moring ... cant sleep .. to much to think about ...... 
Hates it how one day can go so perfect . Then you turn around and the next day is the worst day ever .... So ready for this to be over .... Ready to be with him ... Ready to stop hurting from being away ..... Come on February ... Come much faster than you are now ..... I need some real sleep .... love you Malachi Melton ... Mwah ... Hope you are getting some kinda sleep tonight and all the other nights ... 
Why do i feel so horrible ? Why do i feel like i have screwed up in so many ways ? Did i do something i don't realize i did ? What did i do ?.. So many questions with no answers .... ugh ... i feel horrible ....... 
Cause i was born to tell you i love you ...... 
Pain and sickness , you could go away at any moment and i would not get upset about it . Dont know which part of toinght has hurt the most . So many options to choose from . Hope tomorrow is a much better day , and i can talk more to the love of my life , Malachi Melton . Would make it so much easier to sleep at night ... 
Waiting on my sweetheart to get home so i can talk to him . He always makes my day so much better . I have the BEST FIANCE ' in the whole entire world . I love you Malachi Melton . Mwah ! <3 
Its going to be yet another long sleepless night for < PROPFIRST > yet again ... to much to think about .... to many things happening at once ....... lets get the remote from the movie click ... slow certain things down and speed the rest of things up .... 
Wow , well don't I just fell so horrible right now .... Don't even remember talking to my fiance this morning .................... Ugh ...... Sorry once again Babe .................................... 
What a day today has been ...... maybe tomorrow will go better ................................... 
I have the best Fiance in the world . So many great memories together thus far , and so many more to come . I can't wait to see what the future has to hold for us . 7 short months and we will be able to start our new future together . I love you so much Malachi Melton . You mean the world to me . Thank you for all the great memories , and the ones that are to yet come . Love you baby , Mwah ! 
Today is going to be a rough day ............. 
Had a fairly good nights sleep , got to talk to Malachi Melton quite a bit . Now he is off to work and im getting around for work . Get to work with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > Murphy . Going to be a good night's work . Then off to bed at a decent hour so we can be off and going bright and early for dresses ! Cant wait till February 12th . Love you Baby have a good night a work . 
is laying in bed watching tv and looking at houses . We have three dresses bought and the fabric for two more , ( flower girls dresses are in the making ) . Waiting on Malachi Melton to get off work so we can talk . Been a rough night .. Could really use a laugh . Love you baby cant wait to talk tonight . Mwah ! 
lay all your troubles down , i am with you now .. i'm here for the hard times , the straight to your heart times , when the living ain't easy , you can stand up agianst me , whatever may fall on you .. call on me ... 
A relationship is like a < PROPFEMALE > . How long it lasts , no one knows . Love can erase an awful past , love can be yours , you'll see at last . To feel that love , it makes you sigh . To have it leave , you'd rather die . You hope you've found that special < PROPFEMALE > , cause you love and care for the one you choose . - < PROPMALE > Cella 
203 days left !!! Hope it flys by ... Can't wait till it gets here . Love you Malachi Melton . Can't wait to be with you . To start our new lives together . Get out on our own and enjoy a new fresh start at life together . Until then working to get the money for the big day , and then the big move ! So excited to be out there !!!!!! Love you baby MWAH !!! 
A U.S. military member is somewhere in the world missing their family\ 
while you’re at home caring for yours . In the minute it takes you to read this , military members all over the world are not only saving lives , but sacrificing their own for your freedom . It's Military .. Appreciation week . Re-post this if you are in the Military , love a ... Military member , hold memories of a Fallen Hero or appreciate the Military . 
Best moment of the night . C'airah was playing with her pull up and a < PROPFEMALE > . Some how the pull up ended up on her arm . One little distraction from what she was doing . Turns and looks at me and says , \Where's my pull up\ " . lmao she is so adorable . " 
Has the most amazingFiance ever .... enuf said ! ;) :) love you baby 
what to say what to say ..... interesting night at work ...... Sorry < PROPFEMALE > Murphy for the ham and sauce , sorry < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > for scaring the daylights out of you . But it made for a good laugh .... Cant wait to close with you guys again ... Who knows what is going to happen next ... 
I feel like I'm in High School again . Counting down the days till graduation ... Only my countdown now is so much better . 193 days and I'm married . 193 days and I will have a new part of family . 193 days and i can call him mine for good . Well baby , in case you have not figured it out , 193 days till our wedding . lol Love you Malachi Melton . Mwah ! 
For some reason i feel a long night coming my way ........................................ 
grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr ................................ i need some decent sleep ............................. these dreams just need to go away ....................... 
Hungry i come , to you for i know you satisfy . I am empty , but i know your love does not run dry . So i wait for you , so i wait for you . And I'm falling on my knees , offering all of me . Jesus your all this heart is living for . Broken i run , for you arms are open wide . 
Who knows Me Best ? My Full Name , Age , Birthday , Eye Color , Bestfriend , Nickname , and favorite color . Copy To Your Status And See Who Knows You Best .... doesnt count if ur related to me !! lol 
is suffering ........ 
Really ? Really ? What is this world coming to ? How can someone do that to someone they love ? Its called praying people . Pray about all problems you have and answers will be given . Thanks , Thanks alot for breaking so many hearts . I knew you were not meant to be in this kinda family . 
Wow , bad day gone worse ......... Sorry i said anything ..... 
If I die young , bury me in satin . Lay me down on a bed of roses . Sink me in the river at < PROPFEMALE > . Send me away with the words of a love song ......................... 
Is still losing it ... 20 more and i will be happy with it ... only now to keep it going ..... Hopefully it will come off soon so i can go get my wedding dress ... So excited !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 182 days baby !!!!!!!!!!! Love You So Much Malachi Melton 
feels like soon it will all be nothing but history ....... =( 
Loves it when people calls her a smart ass or a dork .. Makes me know that my job is being completed ! 8-) 
Just wants to take a < PROPFEMALE > . to re < PROPFEMALE > d my wonderful fiance Malachi Melton how much i love him and care for him . He is the best thing that has ever happend in my life . I'm so glad you came into my life Sweetie . You mean the world to me . Keep thy head held high for we will be together soon . I love you so much ! MWAH !!!!!!!! 
Just gona stand there and watch me burn , That's alright cause i like the way it hurts . Just gona stand there and hear me cry , That's alright cause i love the way you lie , i love the way you lie . I cant tell you what it really is . I can only tell you what it feels like . And right now its a steel knife in my windpipe . I cant breathe but i still fight for what i can fight ... 
Wants to go counrty cruzin right about now ................................... ugh ................. 
So ........... When I do it its a big deal ..... But when you do it its okay ? wtf ???????? try and get some sleep tonight ....... we will see what happens ...................... 
who knows me ? I bet there is only one person who can answer all these questions .. Full name : ______ age : ___ birthday : ______ eye color : ______ nickname : ________ bestfriend : ______ fav color : _______ fav food : _______ fave person : _______ fav thing to do : ________ .... post this to your wall and see who knows you . 
Is sick of it ..... I dont even know who you are anymore ........ What has gotten into you ?................... Why does it feel this way ?........................ I just want to pull my hair out and scream .............................. ugh ............................... 
When things seem to be going wrong , dont let your head fall down . For you are showing the world that Satin is getting the best of you . Hold your head high for you know that GOD is getting you through everything . So the world that even in hard times HE is with you , and nothing can bring you down . 
It is not a question of God allowing or not allowing things to happen . It is part of living . Some things we do to ourselves , other things we do to each other . Our Father knows about every bird which falls to the ground , but He does not always prevent it from falling . Our response to what happens is more important than what happens . 
Alone in this house again tonight , I got the tv on , the sound turned down and a bottle of wine . There is pictures of me and you on the walls around me ....... I've never been the kind to let my feelings show . I thought that being strong meant never losing self control . But im just drunk enough to let go of my pain , to hell with my pride , let it fall like rain from my eyes . Tonight i wanna cry . 
Get to work and told i can't clock in on time . On our CHAMPS checks , somebody left a commet about me and i have no idea who they are . Then this old guy comes in and knows my entire life story and what im doing with my life . Then tells me how lucky Malachi Melton is for marrying to most gorgeous woman alive . Next comes a smashed finger . And to top it all off i dumped the mop water all over the floor . 
What a day ...................... ergh .............. Certain people need to just leave me the flip alone ...... how did you get my number anyways ? Hopefully tonight goes a little better than my day went ....... 
Thinks tonight is going to be an early night .... 
Okay , this is getting really out of hand . I'm tired of playing games . Lose my number and just get me out of your life . I'm getting married and your not getting pictures . What part of that dont you understand ? Just leave me alone . For Good . Not just till you see me at work or you somehow get my number and act like everything is okay then cause i have to talk to you while im on the clock ... Urgh .... 
Is even MORE unconditionally in love with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > =) : 0 :) ;) 
Is this really going to be it ? Today i say my final goodbye to you ? I loved having you around for the last 15 years . Man this is going to be hard .... Bubba its for the best ... I love you so much ... 
Well , everything is almost packed away ..... fixing to start moving stuff around ...... gosh moving day seems so much farther away not that im prepared for it ..... 
I have alot i need to say , and alot i want to say ... Just one problem ... IDK when to say it , or even how to say it for that matter ..... 
If I had a single flower for every time I think about you , I could walk forever in my garden . ~ Claudia Ghandi I Love You Malachi Melton 
what a day , what a day .... my eyes hurt , heart aches , got you upset with me , floors almost cleaned , sweat drippin like the tears from my eyes ... hopefully i can turn this day around ... R.I.P. Bubba . You will be greatly missed . You are better off now ... no more suffering .... 
Surgery went fine . Big < PROPMALE > he will get to go home later on today if he gets up and walks around . He had to get his appendix removed about two this morning ( his time ) four time in kansas . He is in recovery room now and will be moved once he wakes up . The more he walks around the faster he gets to go home . 
Wishes so badly she was in Arizona right now . It hurts knowing he is in pain and there is nothing i can do to help him . Hope he heals fast . I Love you so much Malachi Melton Hope you get better soon baby . Miss you like crazy ..... 
So laying here in bed toinght i finally realized something .... The noise i keep hearing thinking its bubba trying to get up ... Well its really my celing fan ........ Bubba has been gone almost a week now and i still cant stop thinking about him :( This is really hard ..... 
Thinking about some of the things going on in life right now .... its really hard dealing with it all ........ I feel as if im invisible ..... 
How Great Is Our God ? Sing With Me How Great Is Our God , and All Will Sing , How Great , How Great Is Our Go . ( oh and fyi , my cell phone was shut off , so if you need to get ahold of me contact me on facebook or house phone . ) 
This is my temporary home , not where i belong . Windows and rooms like im passing through . This is just a stop on the way to where im going ..... 
Is in need of prayer ...... 
So glad that facebook is the way we all communicate . A phone call never hurts here and there ..... ugh ........ Love finding things going on , on facebook it really helps me feel the love ....... 
Has the best Fiance EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I Love you Malachi Melton 
Is having a horrible night dealing with this stupid technology ... all i < PROPFEMALE > to do is see Malachi and let him see me ... But as its turning out that is to much for this dam computer to let me do ...... urgh ......... what a night its turning out to be ...... fml ..... 
I Love My Airman Malachi Melton So Very Much ! He Is Always There For Me . No Matter What Time Of Day Or Night . For That I'm Very Thankful . God Has Blessed Me With The Worlds Greatest Man . There Is Nearly Nothing More That I Could Ever Ask For . Except The Saftey Of Him , And All Other Military Men And Women . Thank You Guys For All You Do ! 
appears to have alot on her mind tonight ....... i dont understand some things going on ... is this just a once in a lifetime thing ? will it happen again ? its confusing me really really bad . how do i take this in .. oh well i guess . at least i know i will always have Malachi . and im 100% sure on that one :) love you baby ! 
Has a bunch of books to get rid of before february . If you are intrested in looking through them and seeing what all i got just let me know . Would like to make a little bit of money out of them to help with the move and new married life . But like i said if interested get ahold of me . 
People please pray for < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Heslop He was recently life flighted to Wichita For a Head fracture . He was playing around with some friends and somehow hit his head . Please pray for him !!!!! 
is at a loss of feeling , thoughts , and words .... idk what to think about all this ...... it feels so unreal .......... what is going on ?............................................................ 
< PROPFIRST > , You were a great class mate . someone who was always there to talk to . You helped me out when i came back to Humboldt our Freshman year . R.I.P. You are with our Lord Now . We will all see you some day . 
Ugh ................................................ 
The male population n the family is finally starting to grow !!!! Congratulations to my sisters ! 
This sucks rather much ........ I'm going to go insane ................ 
Today is the Day that you are being layed to rest . Let us not mourn your leaving us . For you are in a better place now . One day we will all be with you again . RIP < PROPFIRST > ...... No one will ever forget you . 
Just got in trouble by the doctor .... Some things have to change ... o how hard this going to be ... please work with me for i am doing the best that i can . have faith in me and pray that i can make things work out how they are supposed to be ...... 
.............................................................................................................................. no words can even begin to describe how i feel right now ......................................................................................................................................... 
i feel so tired but dont think i will be able to sleep well tonight ................................................................ 
A Veteran is someone who at one point in their life wrote a blank check payable to the USA for an amount up to and including their life . That is beyond honor and there are way too many people in this country who no longer remember that . Copy and paste this as your status if you are a Veteran , know a Veteran , love a Veteran or support the Troops 
This s going to be a long night ..... got a lot of stuff on my mind ..... with < PROPFIRST>'s wedding just hours away i dont know how my day is going to go ...... i wish i was in arizona ..... i want nothing more than to be with malachi right now ..... only he can help me with the problems im going though ...... i have got to get this fixed ...... 
hopefully all the degreaser is out of my eye ....... starting to get a headache now ... time will tell ...... 
Thinks we need to have a looooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnnnnnnng talk ...................................... 
Happy Thanksgiving to all . Hope you all had a good one . I spent most of mine in bed ..... Had a little turkey but not much .... Slept alot today and ready for bed , after i finish talking to Malachi :) 
13 Days ... 
Whenever you find the time , call me . I might answer . Whenever your bored , Text me . I may have time to text back .... 
is thinking its about bed time .... 
Thinks this is awesome . 8 days to go and i get to be with malachi again . Only thing is , is that im already having problems sleeing because im to excited . trying to get as much packed as i can . But i know there is going to be something i forget . O well there are many wal-marts out there . surely i can convince him to take me to one of them ;) 
Put this as your status if you know someone who suffers from being a KU fan . ( Malachi Melton ) Being a Jayhawk fan is a real disorder and should be taken seriously . There is still no known cure for being a Jayhawk fan and sympathy does not help , but we can raise awareness . 100% of KSU fans will repost this simply because WE know how to copy and paste , as well as tie our shoes ! Eat ' em up , Eat ' em up K-S-U ! Go STATE ! 
Getting tired of the head games , and lies ..... tell me the truth the first time ..... its going to make things much easier in the long run ..... 
some things will never change ........... 
i wish i had the remote from the movie click .......... 
Six days and im gone ... Hopefully everything goes as planned and we get a place to live ... would be so amazing to just get away from all the stupid things this town brings into my life .... Ready to live my happy life with Malachi Melton and start everything all over again ..... 
got alot of stuff today ..... waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to get home so i can bring it all inside ....... hopefully i can find the room in my bedroom to store it all ...... then again though i dont want to look at it all the time ... might be tempted to use it ...... hoping things turn around for my evening .... if not its going to be a long night .............. 
Its going to be a long long long day ...... doctor in an hour , work at three , finishing up on my packing . < PROPFEMALE > having Baby boy today . I leave really early in the morning . Not feeling the greatest . still really nervous about flying . ugh so much to do in so little time ! 
less than six hoours to go ..... i can feel my stomach twisting ... nervous as heck .... 
Is waitn on him to come home . starting to feel better . its warmer here than n kansas but its still kinda cold . went roaming around last night with malachi and determind that i don't feel safe driving and i will get lost so fast out here . 
I may not be the most beautiful girl or the sexiest girl nor do i have the perfect body . I might not be everyone's first choice , but i am a good one . I do not pretend to be someone i'm not , because i am good at being me . I might not be proud of some of the things in my past , but i am proud of who i am today ! So take me ... as i am .. or watch me as i walk away ! Re-post if you are proud of being you :) 
Tears have already started pouring out . This really sucks . The time out here was wonderful . Met some really cool people . Had alot of fun with Malachi . So not ready to say goodbye tomorrow though ...... its going to be harder than it was in June ......................... 
Thinks its funny how some people are heart broken by going a few hours or a couple days without seeing their loved ones ..... Why dont you suck it up and live in someone elses shoes for awhile . I'm so sick of hearing about it ... you really have no idea what its like to miss someone ..................... 
Why ?......................... 
Looking back through all the pictures , i love everything i had , and still have today . All the smiles and laughs shared . Can't wait to see what the future holds , and how many more smiles are left to come . How many more hours of Laughter are yet to come . The fun dates we have . Baby i hope you know how much i love and miss you . 
is having computer problems ................... 
Is thinking i dont know how much more i can take ...... 
This is getting better and better by the second .......... fmfl ....... 
Its whatever ............. rough day ...... back is killing me ............. thinking its time to relax a little ...... 
Another rough night at work .... I think that i just need to curl up in a ball and stay in bed ..... Maybe that would solve all the problems ................ 
Stress , stress , stress .... what is a little more ? what could it hurt ? so much stuff to do , but yet so little time to have it all done by ........ 
19 days ............ :( 
Dogs are going nuts tonight ...... With everything that has been goin on , I'm almost afraid to go outside ..... 
31 days exactly !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
And the bet is on ..... who will win ? Malachi Melton has to run 100 < PROPMALE > by the time we get married . Who thinks he can do that ? or do that plus more ? Lets see what this little runner has left in him . And to spice it up a bit i will also throw in my smoking habit to be stopped cold turkey the day he comes back for the wedding if he has 80+ < PROPMALE > under his belt . Let me know who u think will win !!!! 
stress , stress , stress , stress , stress ............ 
Champagne 
Thinking bed sounds good .... To bad I can't sleep .......... 
Three hours now and it seems like i am gettin no where ..... guess its not going to happen tonight ....... Try and sleep i guess ...... dont have much else i can do ...... </3 
Little Einsteins is totally on at 3 in the morning !!!!!!!!!!!! how many kids r awake rite now to watch it ? 
Looks like dad and i are going to go to joplin on the snow and ice . 
what a day what a day . tomorrow get to spend some more time at verizon . and at some point baby Mallouri will be here !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Red shirt Friday ! 
For some reason i keep getting poked by malachi . 
What a day , what a day . I Love you Brother ! Take care and be safe . I'll be waiting for your return 
In two weeks today , i will be starting my own new life in Arizona with the worlds greatest man . I'm so excited to be married to him . He means the world to me . I LOVE HIM SO MUCH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Wow , Tomorrow is my last night already . Time is really flying by . So cant wait to get married . Almost a week away . Malachi will be back home soon ! Less than two weeks and i'll be living in Arizona . Going to be a big change life . But I'm ready for the challenge God has put before Malachi and I . Can't wait to see where life takes us !! 
Time sure has flown ... 
Last night as a single Woman ! Time has really flown by . I Love you Malachi < PROPFIRST > Melton ! Cant wait to see where life takes us 
Thanks everyone , today was amazing ! Everything went very well . Glad to finally be Mrs. Melton . Now after this long day , time to get to bed so we are well rested for the move ! 
So far i love it out here . Beautiful weather and nice area . I have Pictures of the apartment that i will get up later on today if everything goes as planned . I love my Husband so much He has been amazing during this move . 
There are some things that i will just never understand ............. Love all my family back home and my wonderful Husband !!!!!!!!!! 
It felt great getting to talk to my family today . I miss them so much , and Love them even more 
Had a decent day today . Got to talk to family back home and share some good laughs . It was wonderful getting to see my nieces as well . Got alot done around the house as well . Now for a nice relaxing night with my wonderfully awesome husband . 
I Love my brother so much . I pray for a safe journey for you < PROPFIRST > . Come home safe . Be careful over there .... miss you already ..... 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen Soldiers funerals ...... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE TRASHING , GAVE HIS LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY !!!!!!! \ 
Feel free to copy and post , I did because I wasn't afraid to . 
Going out with the wonderful Hubby tonight . We going to spend some quality time togther , then get a good night's rest . 
Had a wonderful night out again with my Hubby . Dinner with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > at < PROPFEMALE > Garden , then out to movie again . Watched Battle LA in D-BOX , not a big fan of the moving seats when i get motion sick . All in all Wonderful night with the most amazing man in my life . I Love You Malachi Melton 
< PROPFIRST > is here . Cant wait till i get to meet the little fella . Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . I'm looking forward to coming home to see you guys and the latest addition to the family !!!! Love you guys ! 
The house smells so freaking good right now ....... i dont want to leave , close all doors and windows and lock myself in the house for the rest of the night . 
I have tattoos , so I'm a trouble maker . I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry some times , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled . So what , go ahead and label me , see if I care .! Re-post if you're proud of who you are .. ? 
At about 5:45 this morning it was starting to rain . Lets hope that it keeps it up for the rest of the day ! Really do miss me some kansas weather . 
It's going to be one of those days ...... 
I think we have figured out that i watch to much NCIS , CSI NY , CSI Miami , Bones , and Criminal Minds ....... I think I'm going to change my < PROPMALE > to be a Lawyer ..... Husband even agrees with me :) 
I PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! MY GENERATION GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . THEY NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE ! LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL RE-POST THIS & NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE 
Cleaning house this afternoon so that i can spend another amazing night with the husband . Going to play some scrabble , may watch some movies at the house , and who knows what else we will come up with to do . Going to be an awesome night yet again . 
Never under estimate the power in someone . It will come around and bite you in the @$$ . Lesson learned < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Ready for the Hubby to be home from work already . 
I kicked my mobile phone on your car because I'm Awesome 
A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A SOLDIER only has one , to come\ 
home safe . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting for your freedom , please re-post in their honor 
Feeling pretty bored right now .. thinking i need to play some COD to pass the time away . only about 8 hours till the Hubby gets to come home ..... So ready to either have my car back , or get a new vehicle ... I need a job badly ! 
Doesn't make sense , does it ? Homeless in the US go without eating . Elderly in the US go without needed medicines . Mentally ill in the US go without treatment . American troops go without proper equipment . American veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't . Have the guts to re-post this . I KNOW I'M IN THE 1% 
Just got done taking care of my wonderful husband . IDK if he likes me coaching him for his PT test . I make him do more than he thinks he can . O well , it won't kill him only make him stronger . I love him so much and would do anything and everything for him ! 
Rather excited about tomorrow . Going to help feed the homeless with the hubby and a SGT from < PROPMALE > AFB . Then after that me and the hubby are going to the mall to spend some time together ! So looking forward to it . 
Had an amazing day yesterday . Kicked off the day by helping feed the homeless and poor . Its always a good feeling to help out the community . After that a trip to the mall to spend some well needed one on one time with the hubby . Then we came home to a nice relaxing evening watching movies and playing video games . God is so good !! thank you for everything baby . I Love You ! 
