Was year 1 the first year of our calendar , or was there a year 0 ? If it was year zero first , then today is the beginning of a new decade ... if year 1 was first , then we still have another year to go before celebrating the end of the decade . Would someone wise in the ways of history fill me in please ? 

A blessing for the New Year , by < PROPFIRST > O'Donahue ( a day late ) . 
Lakers . 
still thinks that the guitar solo at the end of \Alive\ " by < PROPFEMALE > Jam is probably the greatest solo of the ' 90s . " 
' s Shamwow just soaked up a ridiculous amount of water . Those things are FO-REAL . 
< PROPMALE > Artest > < PROPMALE > Ariza ? 
has learned , while repairing netting for hours , that kid's bounce castles are really not intended for adults to enjoy . 
BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES ! 
might be looking for a new ( used ) car soon ... any suggestions on vehicles that will last many < PROPMALE > while being fuel efficient ? I know what makes/models are touted , but let me know your personal experiences . 
thinks it's a funny joke that a dealer wants us to pay $5k to rebuild an engine on a car worth half that . New car time ! 
Siestas = muy bueno . ( That's Spanish for \naps = very bueno \")" 
thinks there's not a one of us who knows what they're doing , or why . 
Guitar Hero/Rock Band = spending hours PRETENDING to be good at an instrument ; why not spend hours becoming proficient at an ACTUAL instrument ? 
Each second , nuclear fusion in the Sun consumes about 700 million tons of hydrogen , creating 695 million tons of helium in the process . 
is wondering if there is anyone left in San < PROPMALE > who would even come to hear him play a concert if he were to schedule one there ... 
misses you , and wishes you were here . 
Not sure what to think about government interference in health care , but I keep hearing people refer in interviews to medical care as a fundamental human right . Life , < PROPFEMALE > , the pursuit of happiness , and medical care . Point : Medical care is a fundamen 
Just got the new car , perfectly detailed , from the dealer ... now , a thunderstorm . 
just checkmated a 7-year-old . Take that , immature brain . 
\I've got something in my front pocket/for you ... \"" 
Thanks to all for the birthday wishes ! 
is back from a long , tiring trip . 
is a fan of yours . 
Is wondering if he will learn the names of his 48 new students or not . They all look so emo , it's hard to tell them apart . 
is sick of the Dodgers ' crap . Why do they have to get my hopes up every year ? They're garbage . Manny is garbage . Their pitching is garbage . They haven't been fun to watch for two months now . 
Inglourious Basterds had some seriously great scenes in it . I think that Tarantino's signature dialogues lost a little bit in the translation to subtitles , but that really just means I need to see it a few more times . 
Went to Comedy Works in < PROPMALE > tonight - < PROPMALE > Blue made a surprise appearance and did a set , very funny . < PROPFEMALE > Vazquez headlined , hi-larious ... check out her stuff . 
Manny has 1 RBI in the last 11 games . I think I could have 1 RBI if you gave me 11 games in the big leagues , even if I just got hit by a pitch or something . 
Ahh no smehl lahk smohk nao ! 
just walked out his backdoor to a face full of spider web . Apparently , a banded garden spider ( 2 inches long and mildly venomous ) had set up shop across our doorframe . She landed on my shirt and was running for my arm when Cass spotted her - I won the fight with my 170-pound , 6-foot reach advantage . And the bottom of my shoe . 
Dodgers have the newly-acquired < PROPMALE > Belliard in the lineup tonight ; Scully just announced that they've acquired < PROPMALE > Thome from the White Sox , and I just read on foxports.com that they've acquired < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > from the Diamondbacks to shore up the rotation . 2 new everyday-type players in the last 24 hours , and what amounts to a 6th starting pitcher ... I'm not sure how this is going to work with a month left to play . 
Remember , kids : please don't vilify people you disagree with . Attacking someone's character is not an attack on their argument . Use your brain to think through issues , and discuss them courteously . This might actually help you understand someone else's point of view . And remember : speaking louder doesn't make you more correct , it just makes you sound crazy . 
awoke this morning to find that the sights and smells of summer were gone , and those of fall had replaced them . 
Somebody call 911 ... Shawty fire burnin ' on the dance floor . 
Practicing late at night is not nearly as fun as practicing in the morning . 
You , sir , are a glutton and a fool . 
I like pleasure spiked with pain and music is my aeroplane ... 
\Music is what language would love to be if it could . \ " - < PROPFIRST > O'Donohue " 
Nap time ! No , wait , more teaching time . 
My faculty recital at Metro is this Friday ... last call for anyone who wants comped tickets . 
For all of you Boulder people who are tired of hearing Crumb this semester , feel free to skip Kronos and come to < PROPMALE > to hear some listenable neo-Romantic music by < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Kernis . I will be performing the area premier of Kernis ' \Before Sleep and Dreams\ " on a program of all 20th-century American music at Metro State's < PROPMALE > Center Concert Hall at 7:30 . Hope to see you there ! " 
Cheers to everyone who made it to my recital last night - it was a fun program to play , and I'm glad you were there to share it with me . 
Taught 11 lessons today . 
32 degrees out right now . < PROPMALE > of snow this evening . It is way too early in the season for this kind of weather . 
Fell down some stairs this morning . Didn't look nearly as cool as when those stuntmen do it on TV . Hurt more than I thought it would , too . Damn Hollywood and its unrealistic reality . 
Go ... see ... Zombieland . 
is really looking forward to the Dodgers-Phillies NLCS . It's going to be a hard-fought series . 
is off to < PROPFEMALE > Beach in the morning for grandpa's ship reunion . Cass and I will be there to honor the memories of 24 of his friends who lost their lives on D-Day , when his ship ( the USS Corry ) was sunk . It should be an amazing time to meet the other six surviving members of the crew and their families . 
the Dodgers won't make it to the WS this year because of WALKS . 4 walks in Game 1 for the loss , a walk and a hit batter to lose the game in the bottom of the 9th . WALKS . 
Sometimes I become so focused on not doing wrong , that I forget that my purpose as a human is to do good . It is so easy to do wrong , even unintentionally ; it is impossible to do good without intention . 
is looking forward to peforming his first ( and maybe only ) wedding ceremony this weekend . Thanks for the honor , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > ! 
Burn After Reading ... glad I finally saw it . 
There is a great difference between unselfishness and < PROPFEMALE > ; one is the lack of a vice , the other is the presence of a virtue . Yet unselfishness is what we teach to our children , and I can't even remember the last time I heard the word < PROPFEMALE > used in the context of an action instead of an organization . 
< PROPFEMALE > says < PROPMALE > Fisher sounds like Barack Obama . And she's kind of right . Especially when he pauses in mid-sentence before finishing a thought . 
Looks like we're gonna be snowed in tonight . In October . WTH . 
25 inches of snow since yesterday . In October . I get the feeling that Mother Nature is about to discipline her naughty Coloradan children with a 6-month spanking . 
is now Zombie Mozart . 
Spend almost half a billion dollars , win a World Series . 
' s students just had a great couple of recitals this afternoon . 
The simple fact of being alive is astonishing ; I think we're just used to it . 
If you liked it , then you should have put a ring on it . 
Thanks to everyone who made our first annual November-O-Ween-Mas party a great time . See you next year ! 
Is home from a week in California . Good weather , good times . 
No matter how important any of us becomes , we're still just a bunch of ex-babies . 
1 degree with wind chill right now . Yeesh . 
weather.com says it's now -10 with wind chill . This is getting stupid . It should be summer already . 
thinks you're great . No , seriously , you're great . 
might be more-or-less snowed in today . Wondering if there are any movies I MUST see that I can get at Blockbuster when it opens , before it gets too bad outside . I'm taking suggestions . 
is grateful for a warm home . 
learned tonight that the smoke-free way to prime the flue on a fireplace is with a blow-dryer . 
holy crap ... -21 with wind chill . I won't be waiting at the bus stop today . 
At 3:45 am , we noticed our heater isn't working and it is 9 degrees outside before wind chill . I'm politely waiting until 6 to wake my landlord . 
The heat is on ! Not the type where the cops are after me . 
If you didn't get it from the picture I posted , I'm going to be a dad by July . 
just played his concert grand for the first time since putting new hammers on ... absolutely delicious . 
Hates that tomorrow he will have to start remembering to write */*/ 10 every time he writes the date . 
Hey . You . What's up ? 
I laughed when I realized I made a GLBT for dinner last night . 
Since when did 50 degrees feel so hot ? 
< PROPFIRST > was here - went to get BEER . 
How sad it is to love what can perish . 
You have brains in your head . You have feet in your shoes . You can steer yourself in any direction you choose . 
I go crazy when I hear a cymbal or a high hat - with a souped up tempo . I'm on a roll , it's time to go solo . 
loves $1 coffee at Caribou on Mondays . 
finds the prospect of raising a child quite overwhelming right now . 
True < PROPMALE > is the threshold of the real and the ideal . 
After watching To Catch a Predator on MSNBC , I'm convinced that you're all perverts for using the internet . 
is proud of how his students performed today in our weekly Performance Class - especially for being so early in the semester . 
1st full day off tomorrow in 13 days . Can't wait ! 
Tigers love pepper . They hate cinammon . 
is cleaning his office . Since before noon . I figure if I had taken 2 minutes a day to organize this mess in the first place , I could have avoided this altogether ... 
has apparently lost the score for a piece he's supposed to perform next week . Great . 
now has his < PROPMALE>'s Education card and is ready to apply for his license . 
My wife is the most beautiful pregnant woman ever . 
There are four types of people in this world : those who can count , and those who can't . 
Top's back on the Jeep . Screw you , Winter Storm Warning . 
I will out-eloquent you anytime . 
The space shuttle room ... is no longer the space shuttle room . 
Taking down wallpaper is tedious . 
Taxes almost done . Primer on all the walls and shelves in the baby room . Roasted veggie and pasta dish cooked . Good day . 
Yo ' money's NOT their money ! 
9 days , 19 hours , 48 minutes until the Dodgers ' first game of the season . But who's counting ? 
Finally finished touching up the paint on the baby room . Next on the list ... figuring out how to raise a child to be a good person . I figure that'll only take the next week or so . 
I've got clowns in my coffee , clowns in my coffee ... 
Fell asleep while feeling my baby kick , woke up to the sounds of a hailstorm and the first thunder of the year . Good night . 
had a dream last night that I woke up in the morning and Cass had birthed the baby whilst I slept . And she named him < PROPMALE > . 
It's almost 11 and the brisket has been smoking for about 3 hours already . Smelling gooooood . 
watched Avatar on Blu-Ray ... impressive movie . Predictable , but still really cool to watch . 
Never gave a thought to fashion ' til someone said I look like you . 
My name is Mud 
I don't want to see the secret compartment right before you pull the rabbit out of the hat . 
Sometimes I question your commitment to < PROPFEMALE > Motion ! 
My man < PROPFIRST > Ethier has raised his season batting average to . 392 tonight . Dude is locked in . 
Ready for my first day off in two weeks . Gonna celebrate my lady's birthday with an afternoon outdoors in the beautiful weather tomorrow . 
Padres are still a joke of baseball team , no matter how they played in April . Go Dodgers ! 
Question : What is a good tip on a $14 , 10-minute haircut ? 
\I'm so wary of our bread . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
Awesome Dodgers-Rockies game tonight . Perfect weather , 5-4 , nailbiter until the last out . Manny hits the winning HR , Broxton shuts it down with a final strikeout . Couldn't have been better ! 
Lakers-Celtics Finals next week . De-licious . 
I would go out tonight ... buy I haven't got a stitch to wear 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Wooden . A truly inspirational human being . 
I heart D Fish . 
\I do < PROPFEMALE > we may be better strangers . \ " My new favorite insult . Thanks Shakespeare . " 
Aaah . Farming Game , you are a worthy companion , but please , you don't have to last until 2am ... 
Revelling in memories , awash in caffeine , weeks before life as I know it changes forever . 
Game 7 . 
Lake . Show . 
Just made a fruit salad so I'd have an excuse to munch an all the summer fruit we got ... canteloupe , strawberries , blueberries , nectarines , plums ... de-lish . 
Come on , < PROPFEMALE > . I would think you'd have learned the secret to football by now . If it wasn't for teamwork , you'd all be speaking < PROPMALE > . 
Why is it that every four years , the referees have the biggest influence on US World Cup matches ? 
Mind-blowing finish to the US game today . Redemption at the last second . And the US won the group - ahead of England ! They would have won the group with 7 points if the ref hadn't disallowed the goal against Slovenia . They certainly look the strongest coming out of their group . 
You are a delight . 
Fiduciary is a good word . I'm not even really sure how to use it properly , but it's a good word nonetheless . 
Six hours of cleaning today to satiate the nesting mother . I'm done with that now . 
Is salivating at the thought of a Deutschland-Espana game . 
This weather right now is UN-UHMAYRICAN . 
Please tell < PROPFEMALE > that if we have a boy , it needs to be named < PROPMALE > . I dreamt that was the child's name , and then she randomly pointed to it in a baby book . It has to be . 
Good to see the NL win an All-Star game . 
Last night was the cheapest Giants ' win I've ever seen . 
Is tentatively excited about the additions of < PROPMALE > Barnes and < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > to the Lakers ' roster . 
I started my run early enough this morning that I got to watch some of the first direct rays of sunlight hit the high country - the Indian Peaks , Mt . Audobon , Mt . Meeker and Long's Peak were stunning . 
On Children , by Khalil Gibran\ 
\ 
Your children are not your children . \ 
They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself . \ 
They come through you but not from you , \ 
And though they are with you yet they belong not to you . 
just returned from camping with a 5-week-old . It was awesome ! 
Type \I am extremely ter\ " in Google and check out the auto-complete options . There are a lot of terrified racists out there . " 
Aster's playlist tonight : Chopin Nocturnes ( played by me ) , Gershwin Lullaby for String Quartet , a few tunes by The Shins off of the Garden State soundtrack , closed out by the 2nd movement of Chopin's 2nd Piano Concerto ( not played by me ) . She seemed to like the Gershwin the best - her first string quartet experience . 
Nice work - if you can get it ... 
Acrost is not a word . If you didn't know that , now you do . Stop saying it . 
I think one of the easiest ways you can waste your time , while making yourself slightly stupider , is by reading a public blog pertaining to politics or religion . Believe it or not , folks , one-line \zingers\ " don't win complex arguments . " 
is trying to figure out the prerequisites to be allowed to pronounce finance \fin-ANCE\ " vs . \ " FINE-ance . \"" 
Six more hours of teaching until the weekend . Bring it on , piano students . 
has deleted and organized 2000 e-mails from his inbox , and is setting a goal of 0 inbox messages from now on . 
Dear Weather : Uncool of you to continue to be so hot this late into September . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
< PROPFIRST > 
\Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work . \ " - < PROPFIRST > Edison\ 
\I feel like the < PROPMALE > Cobain of my generation 
In memory of my old friend , Samson the dog : You were one of the best , < PROPMALE > . Our family couldn't have asked for a better companion for the past 11 years . Rest in peace - you will be missed . 
I like it when people don't tell me where they like it . 
Heard \The Freshmen\ " by the Verve Pipe on XM this evening - took me back . I couldn't turn the volume up loud enough on the last chorus . " 
I will not teach a student to hate the piano . I will only teach students to enjoy the piano . I will not teach a student to hate the piano . I will only teach students to enjoy the piano . \ 
I will not teach a student to hate the piano ... 
Anyone think the Giants will score 11 more runs total throughout the rest of the World Series ? 
Can't wait until tomorrow - and a year-plus respite from campaign ads . 
If \pro\ " is the opposite of \ " con\ " ... what's the opposite of \ " progress ? \ " \ 
This \gaining\ " an hour in the day thing is really messing up my mind today . " 
My girl is 4 months old today . Think it's about time to lock her in the closet before she gets any cuter . 
First snow . 
Remembering < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > . Thanks for the times . 
Three classes and a lesson before noon . Can I go back to bed now ? 
Back from Cali . Good to feel the cold air . 
What if everyone on FB decided to donate $5 to support child abuse prevention instead of changing their profile pics to cartoons ? We might raise millions of dollars for a cause . This is just slacktivism . 
Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog = awesome . 
Fall semester ... check . 
is back from Mexico . The air temperature while getting off the plane was quite the shock . But I'm glad for the very relaxing 5 days , and glad to be home . 
50+ degrees today , 5-10 inches of snow tomorrow , below zero tomorrow night . Gotta love Colorado . 
I posted this verse a few months ago , but re-read it recently and was moved by it again . If you are a parent , or even a mentor to a child , you may find this meaningful . \ 
\And a woman who held a babe against her bosom said 
taught 14 lessons today . Hello tired . 
You there . Yeah , you . You're a pretty cool cat . Just thought you should know . 
Thin-sliced beef tenderloin over a spinach salad with feta , pecans , strawberries , and a balsamic vinaigrette . Not bad for a late lunch . 
Rosters printed , syllabi edited , and ready to start another 16-week semester . 
Temperatures in the teens and a broken heater . Thank God ( and my parents who purchased it years ago ) for our down comforter . 
is mad that it snowed all day , will be -30 overnight to freeze the roads , and yet his campus refuses to have a snow day . We haven't had one in over a year ... what's the big deal ? 
I heart < PROPMALE > Jackson . \ 
\The Lakers picked up the pieces at practice Monday after the loss to the Celtics left the basketball world wondering if the two-time defending champions have lost a step . \ 
It's 1 degree at 2:00 ... and it feels warm compared to my morning walk to work . 
It got up to like 7 degrees today , and actually felt kind of warm in the sun . 
Heard some of the best live Beethoven he's ever heard tonight , thanks to < PROPMALE > Nel . 
Cookin ' venison ! 
I was Mr. Mom today . But without boobs . 
Thinks it's funny how many last-minute 3-pointers he's watched LeBron miss in the past week or two . 
Today I didn't even have to use my AK . 
I've decided that for Lent , I'm giving up the seven deadly sins . 
The French are intervening in Libya ... the thing that sucks is that when Gadhafi captures < PROPFIRST > , we're going to have to land at Normandy all over again to free the French from his clutches . 
It took Anthem Blue Cross/Blue Shield 8 months to figure out that my daughter had been born . Way to go , guys . 
Yesterday was Thursday . 
