I am new here !! Yay 

I'm On a boat ! I'm On a Boat ! Everybody look at me cuz im sailin on a boat !! 
Leaving is getting so close . but home is still so far away . 
Yay !!! Go < PROPFIRST > And Tif !! Woot Woot ! 
Failure tastes like SHIT !!! I've had my share . 
Just figure I should mension , I am what people commonly refer to as , \horny . \ " I have no clue why this concerns you . But I just wanted to tell somebody :D " 
Who the hell are the Pats ?? What is that garbage ? 
Well guess what .. I am bored out of my FUCKING MIND !!! hit me up .. messenger if you < PROPFEMALE > 
needs a form of unique gift on Farmville 
Doesn't take loss lightly , Even if it is just a game . Loss is not usually my strong point . 
Not sure if I have let everyone on facebook know about this one yet .. But Hey , Everyone on fuckin Facebook .. Guess What !!! Back in Germany , hells to the yes !. 
On my way to building my Mtn . Dew Christmas tree .. I am thinkin i should just go buy another twelve pack and use full cans cuz there is NO WAY I will drink that much mtn dew by christmas 
Good friends come and go , How you say goodbye is more important that you may think . RIP < PROPFEMALE > \Kenny-Ray\ " < PROPMALE > . You will be missed dealy . " 
Just sayin , its the thought that counts on Christmas , So if i didnt get you anything . Dont be mad . I did think about you . 
heading off on a journey today .. be back soon 
P.S. The only thing worse than being a Jew and spending money traveling , is doing it alone . It was horrible traveling by myself . Met a few interesting people , although that will conclude my travel until I find a travel partner of sorts . :( 
Had a Hotdog for breakfast Christmas morning .. lol .. Bet you can't do it like me .. lol .. Nor do I believe you want to . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas 
You want to f *** on me ? hahaha Good morning 
How the FUCK do you start a group .. i cant figure it out .. hit me up yo 
I'd fuck me , what the fuck is your problem 
The only way to learn from a mistake is to accept the fact that you made it . By me ofcoarse :D 
My love for you is like a snowflake , beauty to the sight , brings feelings of delight . But unless its kept cold it will fade away and only be felt another chilly day . 
FTA , FTS , FTE , FML , and fuck these garbage ass horiscopes , It has nothing but good information for me , little does it know my day is almost over and nothing good came out of it . It actually registered as the worst day of the year . 
\The burden of disaster is locating the beauty remaining\ " By me ofcoarse " 
A time of distress , confusion and need is upon me . I feel no wind from an Angels wings swirling the air among me . I am on my own for this one . 
I am pretty drunk at the moment . Awesome feeling , other than I really want to have sex with anything and everything at the moment . 
Alcohol , Alcohol , where have you been . when I feel lonely , your my only friend . Tough times and harder , The drunker the smarter , Alcohol , Alcoholummmmmm .. tonic and < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
Every once in a blue < PROPFEMALE > , I find my senses bathing in vodka , the aroma of my breath makes me sick for two days and the smell of my sweat makes me think rehab is a good idea . But no matter how horrid it is . REHAB IS FOR QUITTERS ! 
I want \Bunny Money !!! \ " It multiplies in my pocket ! " 
I'm Creative :D 
Sorry , I have to do them One at a time 
Drunk , hit me up . 
Vodka ! Oh , Vodka ! I have this feeling you and I should stop seeing eachother . Its not you , its me . 
In all actuality , I will be right here . Chillin , waiting for you to write me . Yeah , you , the person reading this , Go ahead . Spark up some conversation . 
And were off to see the wizard , The Wonderful Wizard Of Oz ! It's fuckin ' Nighty Nighty bye bye bitches . Better get back to the house before you turn into a pumpkin . And don't forget , Humpty Dumpty is in the < PROPFEMALE > chen , he was sayin ' some shit about a first aid < PROPFEMALE > . I told him the cow was gonna go get that shit , right after he jumped over the < PROPFEMALE > . But I think Darth vader got that fool yo . 
Me and my anger issues HATE YOUR FUCKING FACE ! I can't help it , I just want no part in liking it at the moment . Sincerely , SMS 
Is reading my favorite book , Its called Facebook . 
I'm NOT short , I am Uniquely tall . :D 
* Alpha-Kenny-Body * hahahaha , Keep reading it until you understand . 
Happiness ( Opinion Based ); To , at the end of everyday , feel as though I have done something , and will do something tomorrow . Something that not only positively affects me , but positively affects the people I care about , the country I work for , or the people who work for me . 
Is it possible to be a nice cold hearted person . I am really a nice person , But I just want to be a dickhead to everyone all the time , even the people I like , for no reason . I just think its fucking hilarious . Is that wrong ? I doubt it . But I doubt its very right , thanks for listening , faggot . 
I need earplugs 
Is just so fucking angry , I can't help it , I am an angry little man . I think I should take over a country today . Fuck the Lakers , do you like the Lakers , Do you live in Utah ? if you answered yes , Move out . 
Happy mothers day ! 
Its ok , you can be full of yourself . I will just laugh when you burn . 
Soft spoken , home broken . Longing for simultaneous stalls in wander and loneliness . Some Say Severance Soothes and Smoothes the Serrated Sides of the Sickness of Such Seperation from the Shelter Some Speak of As HOME . 
Words to live by ; \I dont hate you . I just like to provide a positive supply of optimism to my < PROPFEMALE > by viciously deluting your pesimistic cesspool of thoughts . \ " < PROPFEMALE > Shendow " 
Word of the Day , \Impervious\ " I am impervious to the stupidity that flows from your mouth . " 
Phrase of the day , \A vile impression protrudes from your cranium creating confusion and contamination concerning everything it is uncovered to . \ " By < PROPFEMALE > Shendow " 
Phrase of the day ( Corrected by < PROPMALE > ) , \The vile impression emitted by your cranium creates confusion and contamination concerning everything it is uncovered to . \"" 
Sometimes I feel as if my ass is actually smarter than I am . 
I love Facebook , I can randomly spark up conversation with multiple individuals by ignorantly butting into a persons most recent thought and adding my very own concern or Nelarious antic . It combines my cocky sarcastic atitude with my veracious verbalism . 
is at a loss for words . Twenty-two days from < PROPFEMALE > . Twenty-two days from one of the happiest days since I turned 20 over a year ago . Although the joy for my return is surpressed by my loneliness derived from my detachment from the people who don't make me want to loose my mind . 
What the fuck is hebrew , is that like some sweet type of \man coffee ? \"" 
Its too hot here , Sooooo I will just < PROPFEMALE > out in my room with the window open and my socks on . And thats all . 
Pretty upset today , not gonna lie . I missed cutoff scores for promotion by one point . ONE FUCKING POINT . The sad thing is , I had that point turned in . Its just so happened that it was a failure to update by someone , and I don't have the proper documentation to prove it . 
The word Shuttlecock , amuses me beyond any publicly acceptable level . 
Is completely content with the Idea that I am better than you . And If I am not , then I am completely content with lying to my self . 
questions . If I were more patient , would life be much easier ? Then in the same breath answers , NO ! If you would hurry the fuck up , life would be much easier ! 
What the fuck is wrong with cartoons today , haven't they told < PROPFEMALE > the Explorer that GPS has been out for years now . When is she gonna quit fuckin around and mis-leading children . Damn Shame . 
Stupidity , Its contagious . Get help before it gets to you too . 
Thank you for calling < PROPFEMALE>'s Sex Hotline , If you wish to have rediculous amounts of game released on your earlobes . Please Press One now , for English . Pulse dos para español . Drücken Sie drei für Deutsch . Or please press four to skip the bullshit and just go fuck yourself . 
does uhhhh , anybody want a phone call on the telephone .. message me if I dont have your number .. I am sober calling right now .. Wanna be on my calling list .. lasts for a limited time 
If you get lost in my eyes , you will find yourself in my heart . Better bring your GPS . 
Its like .. You're cute , but you're ugly .. I was just looking at your picture and got soooooo Fucking confused . 
Only a few days until my < PROPFEMALE > day .. Hit me up . 
Beauty is in the eye of the guy who is drunk as shit . 
I am totally home .. Hit me up .. I can not sleep .. 
If you have ever had my phone number , its the same . hit me a text if the morning , I think I am gonna go yogging . its such the popular thing to do nowadays . 
Drinking tonight mmmm mmm bitch 
Do the barhop stop , go , you know . That's what I be doin yo ;) 
Sometimes , I think I love my car more than I love you , I am sorry , but my car is not . 
I am going on a hike , time like 15 minutes with or with out anyone better hit me the hell up if you wanna come . Real quick . 
Tonight I am going to sleep with closed eyes , but an open mind for tomorrow . I pray , I'll pray for a better day . And if the lord hast not < PROPMALE > my request ... 
Going on a night hike if you wish to join , call me now 8016683629 you have 20 < PROPFEMALE > from the time of this post 
Battle Drill , the most correct imediate reaction to an unexpected event without using a problem solving procedure . I am tested even while at home . 
Don't go to McDonalds for lunch , crazy . Come stop by at noon time and we will bbq you somethin real nice . Or you could just stop by and say hi . Hit me up . 
Well that's just pleasant isn't it . Have a happy fourth . If you find yourself bored between 2 and 5 stop by and say hi . Free food , I may even do free tee shirts . 
Awkwardly hurt right now . Bbq at my house , 2 to 5 . Stop by I will shake your hand while shaking my butt . 
At my house for the moment packing . send me a line if you want to stop by . i'm out in the morning 
So , i didn't bother to tell anyone but , i left i am now in colorado . 
I feel like such a liar , I went against everything I ever said about plad , and bought some . Ugh , I make it look good tho 
Back at work , hope this goes well , inprocessing just needs to speed up for real 
Sometimes I figure , its my fault that it can't work . Its ok , I am getting used to it as I learn to let the past be yesterday instead of a year ago . 
You know , I really do enjoy coming home . But I think I am done . I always feel as if I take more drama than I brought with me . I have no heart , so why should it feel pain ? 
Getting laid 
Going 50/50 on an organism 
Lol , great stuff . So my Uncle took my phone last night and started posting on Facebook \What was on his mind . \ " Apparently his posts shed light on other situations . " 
Is confused by lifes twists and turns , each and every day I find a different hill to climb and overcome , only if I could stay young and still learn lifes lessons 
So fucking angry right now , I finally get a nice room that is livable and comfortable . And they just can't seem to fix the hot fucking water . Every fucking morning , I attempt to take a cold fucking shower . Fuck these people . 
\To every action there is an opposite and equal reaction . \ " < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . This law can also be applied in the laws of < PROPFEMALE > . You are no exception . " 
I have the answer , today is just not my day . Seeking the question that revealed that answer would be a mistake . 
The easiest part of life is being aware that it isn't . The hardest part of life is coming to terms with it . The most common thing in life is emotion . The most forgien thing in life , is emotion . 
Army accident avoidance course , made to help people stay calm on the road , not drive tired amongst other things , now look , I am tired and pissed off . And still didn't finish the fucking course , driving home . 
I don't have anger management issues , I just have issues with you pissing me the fuck off . 
I can not explain this , but me and sleep , we're breakin up . Just not gettin along tonight . I wanna be with it so bad but just can't get it . :( bad night 
With each passing day , I will make a mistake , I will learn from and never do again . So what happens when I do it right and it all goes wrong ? How will I know ? 
Pretty damn excited , no lie . Awesome weekend here we come . 
Shitty day , indeed . 
Its common knowledge , you need to know . People from Iowa cannot drive . There is one road in Iowa and it goes straight off a fucking < PROPMALE > , everyone from Iowa with a license has driven that road . They are all dead , everyone else is equally retarted , but don't have licenses . 
What the fuck , I feel like I am trapped inside my head !! I want to do something .. but I cannot 
Fuck , I miss you . I will not be admitting this directly tho . 
Does anyone know where they < PROPFEMALE > chill pills ?? I pretty much fuckin need one . 
You know , I am tired . Tired of emotion , caring , and lonliness . If it could just be tomorrow already . Because my worst enemy is a lonely bed and a mind that will only wander . But its not you , its me . 
Quick , I am Akons first Billboard hit Single , what am I ?? If you use a search engine to determine the answer , keep it to yourself . 
I am allergic to things that are fresh , and I been sneezin ' all day , with every step and every breath . I guess I must be fresh to death . 
The visit home is what you would call good , if good is short for fucking awesome .. 
words to live by , So sick and tired of being sick and tired . 
One of the most pointless things you can do in life .. stress about stuff that should not be of your concern . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > , how are you ? I'm fuckin pissed off like usual !! Oh how come ?? I am practicing better fucking < PROPFEMALE > ofcoarse . 
What do you want for christmas little boy ?? \A RANGER TAB MOTHER F**KER\ " Graduate Ranger school in the next 90 days and you'll get a second Tomahawk free ! \ " Free ?? \ " YES FREE MOTHER F**KER !!! " 
Slow and steady wins the race while Fast and furious will only get you hurt . Pardon my shoes while I drag my feet a bit . Although the clock will tick slow , next thing you know a winner will show . 
Grandfather time needs some Redbull cuz time needs to fuckin fly . 
Let's do the things that we can do , my favorite thing about you is you . Add it up , say , two plus two , to sum it up its me and you . 
I have thee coolest screen saver on my phone .. it makes me happy every time I turn it on . 
I have always felt life as a repeating pattern , each repitition in a new generation , a new cycle yet running along the same track . Whose track am I on , were they successful , did they find what they were looking for ? 
Cannot sleep , nor do I see it in my near future .. someone is surpassing 8 seconds at my brain rodeo . Pardon Dr. Awkward , but can someone please explain to me who the fuck Mr. Normal is ! I heard the lady down the hall say Mr. Right just left , but she was wrong , I just got lost . 
Besides the 12 hours I lost because of my inability to be punctual .. that was amazing , awesome , absoloultly wonderful and another A word ;) loved it , never been happier . 
Beautiful display to see , baby we could stay with me , but the last time I saw an angel , she was at the airport , walking away from me . So again let's do it maybe we , in reverse this time and instead we'll walk away as we . Light heart and a full smile , I can't wait til the next time you come out to play with me . 
Went to the dome butcher today and got my head hairs abbreviated . It was quite the experience . 
It is 0407 and I am going to take a break for sleep .. fuck this 
Needs , needs needs needs , the 10th to get here already . It is the number one thing on my \Holy fuck thats pretty important\ " List . " 
Missin that one woman who I call mine 
Forgot just how much I enjoy school I am interested in going to . All this time I was thinking teachers were out to get me . Not the case as far as I can tell . Gonna be a slow day today but I am sure this Class will go well . 
Phone is dead , But I am having a really good day .. I would like to speed time up right about now tho .. 
The most amazing things in life are best discovered when not looking . 
It has started out like a monday , well at 845 it hit its day time hime , the forecast , Stupid . 
If you are unaware , its a real syndrome . COADD is a real disorder , it effects people who have extended visits to Colorado or people who have lived here their whole lives . COADD is more susceptible to automobilists from other non driving states , such as Massachusetts and Iowa . 
Tuesday , Its an extended Monday with a short time for a nap while the sun rests its eyes . 
Friday , never gets here soon enough . 
I thought I was done with you , but .. I was mistaken . Sadly , miserably , wrechedly , agonizingly , I will endure you once more . But after this , we are through . Hello Claims , I did not miss you at all . 
The feeling you give me is directly inbetween ecstasy and cloud nine . Surrounded by glee and affection . Close relative to bliss and euphoria , precisely above happiness and passion , and below nothing at all . 
I am oddly overcome by an awkward loneliness , quite possibly because my one good friend in Colorado is always in the field . My amazing woman and my friends are in Utah . If it wasn't for my Aunt living out here I would probably be depressed . But I am still in the suck at the moment . :( 
Politics PISS ME OFF !! When I run for President , vote for me . I will fix this mess . 3 Year Pay freeze , Fuck you . 
you know .. I havent seen any \Bananas In Pajamas\ " Pictures .. Guess I will have to change mine again tomorrow .. " 
I suppose it is now bedtime . Hey people from 1-2 IN , I need a message and a favor if it can be provided . 
I feel sick , and I can't spell right now . I just don't feel good . At all .. Something doesn't feel right today . 
Dear Sick Feeling in my Stomach , please take a permenant trip to Antartica . Dear Lonely feeling in the rest of me , please leave the sick feeling in my stomach alone , your making it worse , and you can take a trip to the north pole to help you two with your upcoming seperation . 
I don't mean to be rude but holy shit , I don't know who told you I wanted to be your friend on facebook . I have like 10 requests just waitin , until I feel like deciding whether I am going to deny you or not . Don't know why anyone needed to know that :/ 
Learned a very important lesson on a plane on Valentines Day , you can have two Masters Degrees and still be stupid as a bag of burning shit . Harvard or Yale could trick the world into thinking you are bright , but no college can teach you the common basics , I.E. Common Sense , Common Courtesy . 
I am sorry , but where , in my eyes , exactly , do you see my \Give a flying fuck ? \"" 
On average , homeowners pay around $1.40 a day for a full-time Fire Dept including salaries & benefits . If you own a smart phone , you pay $3.40 on average a day . That cell phone won't die FOR you , protect your property , save your life , perform CPR or drive you to the hospital in an emergency . Copy and paste if you agree and encourage everyone to support your local firefighters . 
Waiting for her text , lonesome , anxious . Finally receiving it , happiest feeling in the world :D ( hurry up ) 
No one harms the Grasshopper on his very own day of birth , for my day of birth is every day , I crown the vagina of mother earth every morning and I am born again to each sunrise as a new man . That was all bullshit I just made up and I should whore my words out to make money off of me . Thank you all for your birthday wishes for me , it was appreciated ! 
