I'm one of those people that would go out of my way to step on the leaves . 

New discovery : Mr. Pickles sandwiches are the best . 
Had a great time at the ball park . Now im off to bed . 
I'm just ready for this rainy cloud over me to go away ... 
Oh brother another Monday coming up ... 
Homecoming is going to be legit ! Can't wait for tomorrow (: 
Good night and can't wait for a great week ! 
Got to be a cowgirl today and tomorrow it's to for my nerdy side to come out (: 
Just woke up from a nap . Now time to get ready for the game (: 
Giants won and < PROPFEMALE > is a happy camper (: 
Alright I just did something pretty effin amazing .... \ 
I made the greatest Quesadilla in the world . 
Okay I'm out of here and by the way < PROPMALE > is biggest hater and I make way better quesadillas than you do ! \ 
Miskell out ! 
Hopefully we kick some Escalon ass tonight and I finally get to do the deed again this weekend after three months ! 
Fuck Niners ! 
Today was a good day . Now lets go for a good week . 
Who ever watched or plan on watching Paranormal Activity 1 and/or 2 then they seriously have problems and seriously need an intervention . 
Today I was able to pay it forward by giving a hug to someone in need ... What should I do next ?? 
Damn since when did it take four pitchers to get three outs ? 
I'm going trick or treating with the bestie ! I can't wait :D 
Okay I went on MySpace for the first time in a billion years and it so fucking lame now ... 
last time i checked thanksgiving was about family and being thanks for what we have . not arguing about a damn dog or not being happy for the simple things in life .... \ 
\ 
so happy fucking thanksgiving ... 
Rules for the night ... \ 
0 . do as i say not as i do . \ 
1 . no drinking\ 
2 . no smoking\ 
3 . no dancing with boys\ 
4 . be home early ... so you only have an hour and forty minutes to be there ... 
Chillin listening to Sublime (: 
Pizza Plus last night was pretty legit :D we could hella do that again . 
After three days of baking and threats , the cookies are finally done ! 
Christmas ... Not so < PROPFEMALE > . Goodnight facebook . 
Super siked for tonight !! (: 
I'm just tired of wasting my time on bullshit that won't be solved or changed ... 
Ja'nee is freaking excited right now . I just got a B on my geometry test :D 
We had a bittersweet victory .. \ 
Won the game but lost a team mate :( \ 
Love you Bri ... Since Pre-K babe (: 
GREEN BAY !! 
Alright the Packers won ... great now when is GLEE coming on ?!?! 
I'm kinda excited for the Grammy performances ... Except < PROPFIRST > Beiber's lol 
I think I said too much ... 
I feel molested by a certain someone who keeps on poking me .. 
I got a new phone and without any numbers ... \ 
text me so I can get it back . 
Nay Nay go away that's what all my haters say :D 
It's almost sad how the all-star half time show shits on the superbowl half time ... c 
You are gonna catch a cold with all the ice in your soul . 
Wow it's pretty stupid how every Disney character tries to sing . 
Lady Gaga's new music video is legit ! At first it was like what the hell is this buh then it got better so everyone watch it ! 
Excited for the game tomorrow but still a little nervous . 
Got Just Dance 2 I'm super excited to go home and play ! (: oh yeah and we did good at the tournament go Warriors ! 
Playing Just Dance 2 and it's uber legitter than I thought it would be . (: 
Today was a good day . Got to have bonding time with my sister and the Lakers kicked some Spur ass . Time do get ready the busy week ahead . 
The classic McDonalds trip : hitting on random guys , winning rap battles and throwing french fries . You know the ushge . 
Packed and moved all in the last 24 hours . Now trying to accept the place for what it is . 
Sponge < PROPMALE > broke up with my auntie :D 
Life's a bitch ... I'd die for her 
Just started getting the feeling back in my hand . Had a great victory in the rain (: 
Painting my sister's key (: 
There's nothing cheesy and a kid being a kid . 
Had a much needed heart to heart with My < PROPFIRST > last night . I'm sooo freaking glad I still have her . Love you Grandma <3 . 
With my little sise :) oh how I love her . <3 
Had a great time in Hilmar (: I love my little sise so much ! <3 
< PROPFEMALE > and The Frog <3 
Lakers <3 
Wow so the AMCs aren't even in Nashville . They are in effin Las Vegas . 
