well it seems as though the browns stayed home today . 

I leave my friends house to beat the rain BUT it starts pouring when I'm halfway home . 2nd day in a row this has happened to me . wtf ? 
another day , another test of my sanity 
awake and very bored 
For the first time in a long while , I actually feel a shred of happiness . This has been a very good week for me . 
got a show coming up . first one in awhile . will I be able to pick up were I left off ? Tune in next week to find out . or just come to the show .... 
just got back from practice and the people should beware .... WE WILL RIP YOUR FACES OFF AND EAT THEM !!!! 
5:30 in the morning ... can't sleep ... can't calm my brain enough for it to be silent .... I hate this 
the band got lucky and found equipment that was stolen after our last show . can't wait to find out the person's name that stole our shit . we found it at guitar center after a week ! what are the odds ? 
5 days until the show at headliners . the tickets are only $5 so come out , have a few drinks and have a hell of a good time because a . it's a Friday night b . we're playing 3 brand new songs . and c . IT'S ONLY 5 BUCKS !!! get ahold of any of the band members if you want tickets . 
Well only 4 days left until the show . All those who told me that they want a ticket better hurry up cause there's not much time left . you know who you are 
another show that's in the bag . we were the only band that had costumes on(well < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and I ) . had a great time and I hope everyone who showed up had a great time as well 
Just got this one today : Next sat . the 13th , my band is playing at < PROPFIRST>'s . don't know when doors open yet and i'm sure that tix . won't be more than $8 at most . you'll know more when I know more . PLEASE COME OUT AND SHOW YOUR SUPPORT !! it's gonna be a good show cause we like playing at < PROPFIRST>'s alot more than headliners . it's more intimate and the sound is way better . 
The < PROPFEMALE > rules #1 
why do people feel the need to completely change themselves for other people who don't want anything to do with them unless they change . if someone can't accept you for who you are then they don't need to know you . and if you change yourself to fit someone else's preference , just know I WILL be calling you truly pathetic . Always be true to yourself and fuck the rest who don't like it . 
on a side note , anyone know a good drummer ? besides me ? hahahaha . 
The world lost a very funny man yesterday . That man was < PROPFIRST > Nielson . i'm about to go put on Naked Gun , have some \medicine\ " and laugh my ass off . R.I.P. < PROPFIRST > Drebin . Sorry you can't shoot anyone anymore . " 
if nothing is forever , what makes love the exception ? hey ya ...? 
Haven't been to sleep yet . tossed and turned all night . I really can't stand this . like this if you know how I feel 
I like this pic better . I was a voltron freak when I was a kid ? 
My favorite super hero , The Green Lantern . who's your favorite ?? 
I always said he'd come to no good in the end your honor ! if they'd let me have my way I could've flayed him into shape . but my hands were tied , the bleeding hearts and artists let him get away with murder ! let me hammer him today ! 
\Large breasts have been names of men can not give up\ " . this was the last sentence from a < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > bio that was translated from turkish to english . Broken english is so funny to me sometimes " 
The Red Skull in Cap's costume ? Great picture . yea I'm a nerd so what ? deal with it 
well , time to play FF7 until the sun comes up . 
very tired .... this < PROPFIRST > bearer jig is getting old .... don't know how many more times I do it ..... 
man , my b-day is thursday . do I really have to be 29 ? ugh .... 
looking at this pic gets me mad . damn you .. you know who you are 
Booo ! I want to play Warhammer Online but my comp lacks the ability 
You know what makes a person feel good ? getting blown off by a friend after you told them that you wanted to < PROPFEMALE > out with them on your birthday . yup feels like a million bucks ..... and it begs the question : what kind of friends are these anyways ? 
thanks everybody . you really know how to make an old guy feel special :p 
why can't I sleep ?!?!?! 
just canceled myspace account . last thing I posted on there was in june and I'm NEVER on there so screw it . good riddance 
popcorn and Space Ghost Coast to Coast from 1997 ... 
great game so far between ravens and steelers . lots of flags being thrown though but that's to be expected . ravens up 14-7 
I saw you today .. you didn't know it but I was watching ... and I have to say that my hatred for you is otherworldly . if you were on fire , I wouldn't waste my piss on you to save your life . you are nothing is the eyes of everyone . Oh what I would give to smash your face with a hammer then keep going until your head is just a crunchy puddle of bone and brains . damn you for eternity ... 
I've been thinking about the human race today . why are we here , what's our purpose , the only thing that I keep coming back to is that we will never know our true origin and purpose because we aren't meant to know because human brains can't fully grasp the concept of our purpose . we live in a world that revolves around our senses but what about the things outside of our senses ? I leave to ponder this and more . 
so . I got a kidney stone on my left side . intense pain , puked twice from the pain . I think it's from drinking too much milk . 
bored ...................... 
uh oh .. my dark side's coming out to play 
I got my cheesehead on and i'm loving the fact that GB just scored . GO PACKERS !!!! 
off to the superbowl !! whoo-hoo !! 
going back to my teens tonight . the year : 1997 . The console : PS1 , The game : HHH HWAA HWAA ! no but really it's Magic the Gathering Battlemage . Anyone remember that one ? I know a few of ya do . I'm looking to my hands on a copy of Soviet Strike and Street Fighter < PROPFEMALE > 3 both for PS1 
watching The Dark Knight for just the 2nd time and I'll admit it . < PROPMALE > Leger played a pretty good Joker . although I still like < PROPFIRST > Nicholson just a little more as Joker . I'm old school I guess . but then again , Christian Bale is by far the best Batman 
CHOCOLATE CAKE , COMING UP ! 
ok new band name . I'M RAGAR ! 
OK I'm 90% sure about what I want to call my next band : The Plagues . I wanna go old school with it . Old thrash , old punk and maybe a little Ministry and Death thrown in for flavor . I even want it to sound like an old vinyl record . i'm going back to my roots when music wasn't soul-less crap like most of the shit today is 
so there is now a scholarship for white people . I think it's a good thing cause I thought of it years ago and the fact that there are white people that actually need the help . and wouldn't ya know it ? everyone's making a big deal out of it and they're mostly black . it's ok for women , blacks or whoever else to get them but not white people ? Gimme a fucking break . who's really the racist ones here ? 
I have to be up early and I can't sleep . MOVIE TRIVIA TIME ! The movie : Pulp Fiction . Question : What is the name of the place that < PROPMALE > got his food from ? NO CHEATING !!!!!! 
started bands < PROPFEMALE > now time for bed . The Plagues are here !! 
really ? the only person who's gonna like my bands new < PROPFEMALE > is < PROPFIRST > ? I know it's not finished but damn . go to The Plagues and like it . you'll be a better person for doing so hahaha . seriously go .. do it ... 
was watching cnn and it blows my mind to know that because of the quake , japans main island was moved 2.4 meters and the earth was tilted 10 cm . when you put it in perspective considering the sheer size and mass , that's HUGE ... 
Playing Castlevania SOTN . got really pissed and said fuck it and started over with a walkthrough of castle 1 and 2 saved in my files . don't give a damn if it's cheating or not . I'm not gonna get stuck again and wander in circles while steam blows out of my ears ..... 
Let us go out this evening for pleasure , the night is still young .... 
The Plagues begin practicing on tuesday . and we have an offer to play the toledo music fest in 3 months . i'd really like to do it but we'll see on how the progress goes . if we're ready , then hell yea we'll do it 
Archer is by far the funniest show on tv right now . i just hope it doesn't get cancelled like The Tick did . HUGE mistake on the network for that one 
