A new year .... a new decade ... a whole new < PROPMALE > to live a life that is better than I have known before . 

< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > on Fascism : “Once more let me remind you what fascism is . It need not wear a brown shirt or a green shirt -- it may even wear a dress shirt . Fascism begins the moment a ruling class , fearing the people may use their political democracy to gain economic democracy , begins to destroy political democracy in order to retain its power of exploitation and special privilege . \ " , 2009-01-03 18:12:24 " 
Vikes Win & Philly lose ... c'mon #2 !!! 
Not sure if it's Comcast or FOX ... but either one blows ! They won't show the double header here ! I'm going to BW3's 
I moved ! 
Today is the 12,531 st day of the rest of my life ... 
I live in a very square state ... 
Another milestone of mortality has been passed . Icon < PROPFIRST > Cronkite , has died . 
Cleaning up from storm damage . Quite a show last night ! 
How's the Party , People ? 
Want to know what is in the big , bad , scary Health Care Reform Act ? Check out my blog ! I go through the < PROPMALE > as it exists right now and highlight the portions I find comment worthy or potentially troublesome . http://withconcern-b-l-o-g.blogspot.com/ 
Even when I bomb an interview ... I do well enough . 
Here come another round of storms ! 
When you let go of fear , you can have some fun ! 
I was blogging on the FreedomWorks website this whole past week , where I was posting along with an overwhelming majority of other posters about truth on < PROPMALE > Care Reform . Now I found that my postings along with many other pro-Health Care Reform postings were deleted and replaced by anti-Health Care Reform postings . There were as many anti-postings in a day as there were deleted pro-postings from the past week ! Nice . 
Just saw the PERFECT Facebook AD . The BS in Religion ! Love it !!! Nothing truer ever said ! 
What is in the plan fo me ? 
Got a new film part ! 
If there is power in < PROPFIRST > , how come my cell phone can't charge itself ? 
STUPID POLLS ! Publishes everything I type there EVEN AFTER I told it NOT TO ! 
Constitutionally speaking ... there is far greater evidence of argument for Health Care as a right of the People and not any evidence to argue the reverse ... that Health Care is the sacrificial lamb for profit ! 
Last night to see me as Lysander in Shakespeares ' A Midsummer Night's Dream ! Starts at 7pm at Citizens Park in Edgewater , CO ( 2 blks west of 24th & < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Wow ! I just got up ... still adjusting my sleeping hours from doing security for Midsummers Night's Dream . It was a great show , by the way , and for those of you who could not make it , I will have video and pictures coming by end of the week . 
Are you ready for some football ?!? OK , so it is still pre-season ... but ... who cares ! It's football time !!! 
Praying that < PROPFEMALE > does well on her RD test tomorrow ! She has worked so hard for it , I know she is going to do excellent ! 
From Jason : 
That bastard < PROPMALE > Beck is taking my talking point about fighting an Oligarchy and turning it inside out ! AAAARRGGGGHHHHH !!!!!! 
Is it just me , or does anyone else here have the same burning < PROPFEMALE > to tie the \Free Credit Report.com\ " band members to chairs and slap them repeatedly ? " 
No one should die because they cannot afford health care , and no one should go broke because they get sick . If you agree , please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Got two rolls in a new play : \The Man Who Never Died\ " . Awesome story ! " 
We have to UNITE against Sen. Backus's new HC proposal that does not include a Public Option , but would levy HEAVY fines against those who do not purchase HC ! Backus is a Corporate HC snake-oil salesman in the guise of a US Senator ! All you on the right , who CLAIM , you are against government control had better also unite against Democrat Backus !!! 
I know more about HC Legislation than < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > does !!!! He hasn't even read the < PROPMALE > that HE VOTED ON ! Ask me about your HC Reform questions and DUMP < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ! 
Fire < PROPMALE > Thompson ! 
OK .. question to FB users ... if you have no mutual friends in common with another user , how and why would FB put that person on your suggest list ? 
Shakes his head and wonders what I am not expressing that is not making things as clear as they really , truly , are ? 
I GOT A JOB !!!! 
Got another job ! I guess I won't be going back to tech after all ... 
AWESOME GAME !!! 
Started new job on Monday , had a tooth pulled yesterday and it's snowing today .... how's that for a grab bag week ? 
I love my babes ( < PROPFEMALE > ) 
Two more weekends of shooting ... 5 more weekends of rehearsal ... then I'm taking a break from acting for a while . 
my name is Asshole 
Ignore that last status message ... I was not myself ... literally . 
Film shoot was postponed 
Going to watch the Vikes move to 7-0 ! 
Dang it ! Between Childress , the refs and just some good ol'fashion bad luck ... the Vikes go down today . Oh well ... 6 - 1 is still pretty good ! 
35 Today ... can't believe I made it this far ... neither can everyone that knows me ... LOL ! 
I just have to know something .... what is it about the driving psychology behind wealthy business owners that pushes them into doing anything but the right thing ? Here's a hint about what it absolutely isn't: It's not a solid , < PROPFIRST > based , business decision ... 
Last night of the play ... will be going to KS for Thanksgiving ... winning some battles at work ... all and all ... things are going pretty good for me . 
Arrgh ! I'm busy 
< PROPFEMALE > just bought me a vike-packers jersey for x-mas ! 
Chinese telemarketer , singing karaoke in my living room without the music ... 14 runaways that have discovered the apartment above mine is vacant and a way in ... playing Russian roulette with a welding torch while smoking my last cigarette with a cop at the door ... best Christmas < PROPFEMALE > ever . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! May you all get the Red Rider air rifles you're looking for ! 
C'mon Vikes ! Get the win !!! 
TCU did a serviceable job today . Wisconsin's head coach started calling the game as if they were 2 or 3 scores behind and got away from the bread and butter run game . Congrats TCU .... BOOOO Beliminia or however you spell your stupid name ! 
Everything worked out perfectly today .... go Vikes ! 
Concerned about my grandmother ... please pray for her ... 
Getting ready for a month of football nirvana .... a month that will end with The Viking vs . The Colts in the Super Bowl and < PROPFIRST > leading the Vikes to a masterful win ! 
Aoccdrnig to rscheearch at Cmabrigde Uinervtisy , it dseno't mtaetr in waht oerdr the ltteres in a wrod are , the olny iproamtnt tihng is taht the frsit and lsat ltteer be in the rghit pclae . Tihs is bcuseae the huamn mnid deos not raed ervey lteter by istlef , but the wrod as a wlohe . If you can raed tihs , psot it to yuor wlal . Olny 55% of plepoe can raed tihs . 
Hwovere , if it dsonet raelly mtater if ecah lteter bteween the frist and lsat lteters are tgoteher or not , tehn how cmoe olny 55% of the ppolutaoin can raed tshi ? 
Bad news can be great news in disguise . 
Vikes are on to New Orleans !!!! 
Go Vikes ! Go all the way to the Superbowl !!! 
Childress has NO KILLER INSTINCT !!! So many times did the Vikings have to press their advantage and put the dagger into the hearts of the Saints and they laid up and played small ball ... like Childress's mouse testicles ! NO KILLER INSTINCT !!! 
Brett .... come back . 
Got a new job today and I'm BACK working in technology ! Whoo-hoo ! 
Watching Rodgers QB the Pro-Bowl and seeing now he is not that great of a QB but the recievers in GB are REALLY something ! 
Saw two great movies last night ... Paranormal Activity - not THAT'S how a scary movie SHOULD be ! Burn After Reading - Such a reflection of real life absurdity . 
We'll make great pets ... 
To all my non-die-hard Republican friends ... ( Because the truth is that there are Conservative Republicans and then there is everyone else ) We need to mobilize this election year to knock off and knock out every Republican candidate possible ! In trying to not play the Villains today ( instead acting victim ) the Republicans , instead , looked like EXACTLY what they are ... spoiled children who do NOTHING on OUR DIME ! 
Let's get them out and get in people who WANT to work for a living ! Anyone but a Republican ! 
Ready to start filming again soon ... can't wait for the call ! 
Like my birth song says ... You Ain't Seen Nothin ' Yet ! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Palin on TV right now ... boy is she full of shit ! I can't believe she envoked the names of our soldiers when they < PROPMALE > them out to dry so badly ! Unreal .... who buys this crap anyway ? Beyond me ... 
Have so much to do .... on a Sunday .... ugh ... 
I yam what I yam and that's all that I yam ! 
Crunking on tech ... mind melting .... 
Crunking on tech ... AGAIN ! LOL !.... it's cool . 
I've decided that I am going to try and break the Guiness Book of Worlds Records for humility ... 
Tonights < PROPMALE > was awesome ! Yeah .... I'm a < PROPMALE > fan ... lol ! 
UGH ! Why can't a guy ask his gf a simple question without it turning into the next Armageddon drama ? 
\You have to be wild before you can be wise ... \"- Me " 
My malevolence is benign ... 
Played a good round of disc golf today and blew up a clients server . Oh ain't it grand ... 
You know ... I almost made a mistake once ... ONCE . 
Right wingers .... the rest of us now get exactly what you're really asking for . You all want something for nothing but nothing at all for anyone else . Please excuse the rest of us while we continue to ignore your demands . 
Just watched The Blind Side .... one of the most beautiful movies of all time ! 
I have always thought 9/11 was an inside job in some form or fashion but I never really believed in the \Controlled Demolition\ " therories even after watching \ " Loose Change\ " ... until today ... now I have seen evidence that is just too overwhleming for me to dispute those claims any longer . " 
Ok my right wing friends ... now defend the Republicans ... all the republican Senators just voted to defend the banks for crashing our economy and cashing in on it ! 
NONE of my right wing friends are going to attempt to defend the Republicans today ? Hmmmmm .... that reminds me of a story ... I post it below this . 
I begin my journey with the DMV .... guess who'll win ? 
80° yesterday ... snow today . Gotta love the weather here . 
Gonna go sing now ... 
Getting ready for the work week ... 
Hey ! I start filming again soon ! YEAAHHH !!! 
Thank you everyone ! 
Wondering about the future ... 
Happy Mother's Day ! Even if you can't call your mother ... call someone else's mom and wish her a happy Mother's Day . 
I have to do server maintenence today ... ick ! 
Down with Kagen ! 
Hello ... how are you ? 
Snow again ?!!? 
And it's still snowing .... ggggrrrrrr ... 
Had my eyes opened a little more tonight . There are the same kind of stupid nut wacko's on the left as there is on the right . We're doomed . 
Off to do more fixin ' . 
Oh ! You got me ! 
Who knew that computers would be so ... complicated ... sheesh ! 
I LOVE the new US English Pirate language for Facebook ! 
Farve had the ankle surgery !!! You can BET ON him comming back !!! Go < PROPFIRST > Go !!! 
I'm gonna miss < PROPFEMALE > , but I'm so proud of her ! 
Setting up Active Sync ... I'll let you all know how it's going ... I know you're all dying to know ... LOL ! 
After listening to the President's Address and looking at the overview of this nation all I have to say is this : 
OK people ... I have a solution to a problem NO ONE has ever complained to me about before ! 
< PROPFEMALE > is gone now .... :( 
I got a kind of \straw poll\ " question for everyone out there : " 
Happy Birthday Sally ... today you are 333 years old . 
I miss me babes ... 
I like spending time with my daughter .... my daughter likes to spend time with < PROPFEMALE > Montanna .... I like spending time with < PROPFEMALE > Montanna ?!? Ugh ... 
If the markets are ever truely free ... the people will never be . 
I ate a bagel . 
I am so frustrated ! 
Getting my ass kicked daily and nightly ... will it ever stop ? Yo ,... I don't know ... 
I stole this but it's too good not to post . And , as a Christian ... I do wholeheartedly stand by this assesment : 
< PROPFIRST > Pilgram vs . The World was actually really funny and very cool . 
Funny how those that lie about this so-called \Ground Zero Mosque\ " are also the ones that blocked 9/11 \ 
Watching < PROPFIRST > Olbermann and shaking my head . < PROPMALE > is wrong on the top story for a couple of reasons . 
I AM GOING TO EXPLODE ! My boss is laboring under the delusion that I am both stupid and slow ( yes , two different attributes ) ... my apt manager ran off in the middle of the night and the building owner is saying I have not paid rent since MAY ... just found out that work is now mailing checks , which may ruin tomorrows plans , depending ... AND my mail carrier likes to wad-up\\rip\\tear\\lose my mail in the first place .... WTF !? 
Showered ... laundry done ... feeling better now . 
Going to Kansas ... back Tuesday night . 
Brie went home today ... :( 
It's so hard to tell foolishness from wisdom sometimes . 
So bored .... 
Tired of working at something so hard , for so long ... just to watch it bloom for someone else . 
To sick to sleep ... 
Being comfortable with yourself is the key to being able to be comfortable with others . 
Agents which are paid to aid the interest paying them at the risk or cost of a nations security , < PROPFEMALE > and fiscal health are called ...? 
Why can't people just play things straight ? So tired of the con-artist wannabe's of the world . Fools ! 
Moving day . I've only done this about 100 times so far . 
My daughter turns 12 today . UNREAL ! Happy Brithday to my happy little fun machine !!! 
Economics 101 - What Makes an Ecomony Grow and What Makes an Economy Contract 
Sitting at a bar ... almost 36 years old ... Pondering the ones that got away ... 
Who knew I could be so creepy ? Well , besides everyone , I mean ... 
I hate when one site links to another .... gggrrrrrrrr ........ 
Hey , thank you everyone for the birthday wishes . It's really been overwhelming actually ... beginning to wonder if there is a pool out there on my longevity ! LOL ! Thanks again and Happy Halloween everyone ! ( Neewollah for those in the Coffeyville area ! ) 
Ugh ! 
I've been slacking today ....! 
The first snow of this season has arrived ! 
To all who have received a video wall post ... DON'T OPEN IT !!! Bad stuff . Delete RIGHT AWAY !!! 
Bad day ... :( 
I'm thankful for love never lost , bullets dodged , and untraditional Thanksgivings ! 
Weeding out the friend garden again ... 
Psych has got to be one of the greatest shows of all time !!! 
Wow ! I am really getting rid of alot of old friends . Well , not like they were all that great of friends anyway ... but still ... it's like my own personal history is shedding off like a molt of growth . 
Wonders what is out there in the world for me to discover yet .... 
There is one person I really want to hear from ... but I bet ... that one person will never contact me . But I'd love to be wrong ... 
I maybe wrong , but I'm always right . 
I never thought I would see this day ... the Favre streak ends . Hats off to you #4 ... I doubt we will ever see such another warrior like you pass this way again . 
My daughter is here and has become quite the young lady ! Pics coming soon . 
My daughter is a singing fool . LOL ! 
C'mon people ! Even if you HATE me ... vote for my \New Rule\ " ! Posted on my < PROPFEMALE > ! Thank you ! " 
I GOT IT !!! 
It's official . I got the part . I can't wait to get the script and start working it !!! 
God has been better to me than I could ever deserve ... 
\What if there is no tomorrow ? There wasn't one today ! \ " .... classic ... " 
