Finally got me a new computer . Damn nice to be back on the air . Sold my truck to pay for it . Got $800.00 and a broken deer feeder for it . 

Up and about doing wifely stuff . Yardwork , clean back porch , cooking chicken breast with Asiago cheese and portabella mushrooms . Retirement is looooooking so gooood . 
Waiting for the furniture delivery man so I can start doing what I have put off for 3 days . I have the delivery man jinx . You name it , they will screw mine up . You would think that Kirbyville was in < PROPFEMALE > and the sandstorms have blinded them all . 
Anyone who lives in < PROPMALE > , needs to be committed . Like to got run over 3 times crossing Westheimer on foot . 3 day retreat was great ( food ) . 4 more days til retirement . 
Life is soooooooooooooooooo goooooooooooooooooood . 
Finally time to turn in this young photo of myself and get the real me up there . I just don't know how . 
Well , I have 4 more hours til I retire and I am doing what I am not supposed to be doing . Writing on facebook while on the job . I hope they catch me before I leave today or its adios amigos . 
Ordered up propane , working the vacuum , and planning dinner . How great can it get . 
Life is good . Just need a little sunshine . I am in my swimsuit , trying to get to my truck . Lake Kirbyville has had enough rain . Doesn't look like its going to rain again til tomorrow . 
Eating an Andy-o burritto and finishing the home stuff . Working < PROPMALE > Basketball tonight . Maybe they will win but probably not . No Coach !!! 
Just can't get motivated . Its a 53 yard swim to my truck , the wind is blowing the neighbors pets by my window and he live 3/4's of a mile away . I think I will move my treadmill to the front porch and see if I can run easier with the wind at my back . 
Wow , just checked the weather and its not going to rain again til Monday and Tuesday . I don't know when I will be able to get my 5th wheel off the Deer Camp . 
Well , the rain stopped , hope to see sunshine by tomorrow . Putting in my new printer . Maybe I can get a photo of me without hair . ( and 50 pounds heavier ) . 
Going to the Walmart . Retirement taking a backseat to weather and my dads death . It will all be better after this week . On a happier note , rain tomorrow . Looking at growing rice instead of hay or vegetables . 
Look new photo and no hair . What happened to that young man from the movies . 
Good morning , still misting rain here . Going out to mop the yard and get ready for some SUNSHINE . 
Snowing like a mad man now . 
Got the Mexican reflux from all of the food last night at the Taste of the Triangle . Thanks to the Restaurant Association for honoring the YMBL . It was great 
Now I have to get ready to judge the Gumbo Cookoff Saturday . Maybe I can get a lifetime membership to Prilosec or Pepcid . 
Time to hit the sack . < PROPMALE > tried to make a game of it , but it was toooooooooooo late . 
Been a busy weekend , basketball , gumbo , weedeating . Think I call in sick tomorrow . 
This 1am stuff is for the retired and the retarded . 
Just cleaned the garden . It was so good to get outside . Now , I will wait for the rain tomorrow . 
Well , just cooked fresh crab cakes , roasted potatoes , greens and shallots , and have a blueberry and blackberry pastry in the oven . What a dude I am . 
Cooked pot roast last night and baked my first cake . It was actually very good . It wasn't rocket science but there are some tricks to learn . 
Just tilled up the garden for the 4th time . Ready for the little rain tonight then she's all mine . Potatoes are ready , in fact the weather kept them out of plantling til now . Planted my blueberry orchard yesterday and watered and watered and watered . Can't wait for the rain tonight . New potatoes also . Friday I should mix in mulch and fertilizer . God , retirements great . 
Oh yeah , it finally got dry enough to get my tractor up to the main house and spread shell on the driveway . Still WAY to WET to get in the field . 
Countdown til the fair 15 days . 
Fair starts tomorrow . 
Fairs over , moved trailer back home . Working outside today after I catch up on office work . Its a pretty day . 
Got my son married off today . Built 3 cucumber and bean climbers and cleared fence line til my tools melted ( LMAO ) . Thats a pretty full day and now the lovely wife is bringing home the grandbaby . What a great life . 
Oops . There was a down side to this wonderful day . Some fool offered me a JOB !!!!! Told him he had the wrong number . 
Gots to finish mowing , and get rest of plants in . Great day on the farm . 
putting hay in the garden today . 
Life is great , it just took me a long time to find it out . 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > are laying out the fence and I am getting in their way and on their nerves . Better leave now !!!! 
Got my 90-somethin year old mother moved today , thanks to my two great sons and good friend < PROPMALE > . It was a long day . < PROPFIRST > got more done on fence since I was gone . 
Gettin packed for trail ride . Moved the covered wagon to my place last night . If I knew how , i would post a picture . 
Seems as though I just can't get away from hospitals these days , Mother , daughters , daughters in laws , at least I can visit and not deliver . 
Off to move yet another time . Thank God for friends and family . 
Getting ready to honor all veterans and current members of our armed forces . 
Headed for Broken Bow in the morning and we both need the vacation . 
Getting ready to pull out . Stopping at Hughes Springs to see < PROPMALE > \Corndog\ " Westmoreland . Grandkids keeping the livestock fed at a small price . " 
< PROPFIRST > and kat cleaned fence lines all week and it looks so good . Working on starting the new fence next week . 
Theres nothing like a wife with an active chain saw in her hands . God I did good . 
Raining like crazy in Kirbyville . Come on rain . 
I have 2 for 1 coupons for the PBR Bull Ride Fri . and Sat . Buy one ticket and get equal ticket . Great deal if you want to go . 
News Update : I now have 4 box seats to PBR Bull Ride on Friday and Saturday . They are free , yes I said FREE . If you know someone that will REALLY USE them , I will give them to them . Just be sure they will be used . 
Tickets are gone . 
Off to bed , got to be at Sertino's at 8am and then the Bull Ride tomorrow night and Saturday . 
Walking up the sidewalk after getting home from Bull Ride and fell flat on my face , but I didn't drop the cell phone . Now , today I feel like a bull threw me 50 ft in the air and I landed on my picket fence . 
Astro's win , Astro's win . 
< PROPFEMALE > Smith Ferguson is my new favorite mother . You are the best and you did a wonderful job for so many young ladies that do not even know it . 
Went to deer camp this morning . A/C works in trailer . Kat just didn't throw the right breaker . Everyone there was asleep ( Hint , Hint , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > ) 
Fixin to mow the West Forty ( or should I say 43 ) . Cloud cover looks perfect . I'll mow til the lightening throws me off . 
Astro's win , Astro's win , Astro's win . Finally a decent save by a reliever . Thanks < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > is 0 for his last 14 . 
Does anyone want any cooking/canning pears . Have a tree with 2 million pears and we have canned all we want . I will gladly part with what I have . 
So sad , the 3 grandson's left . They have been here for 6 days , but school calls . It was fun . Still have little < PROPMALE > . Please hurry < PROPFEMALE > , I need some more lovin . 
Golf is a game invinted by the same people that think music comes out of a bagpipe . - < PROPFIRST > Trevino 
Today I became a Grandpa to another fine boy . Congrats < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > . You did great . He looks like another stud to me . 
Tomorrow night , off to < PROPMALE > , Astro's in the Crawford boxes with my good friends < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > . Can't wait . 
Put the last gate up yesterday and the fence is complete . It looks soooooooooo good . 
Gee , today was so much fun I think I will call in sick tomorrow . Hee-hee 
Getting ready for grandparents day at the Buna School . Hope their ready for me . 
I think grandparents day is so cool . It was fun as always . 
Go Big Red . What a wonderful day in the neighborhood . Big Red Football and tailgating . I can't make a mat for the brass pole in the truck bed that will stick . Oh well , if she falls , she falls . 
Gettin my fence painted by my hard working wife . Fixed a strawberry and Diet Mountain Dew ( 4 of em ) and she paints much faster . Didn't tell her til she came in to eat my pot roast , potatoes , onions , and carrots . It was great . 
Kats on the town shopping for New Orleans trip . Do not feel like doing anything . Don't know now why I didnt go into work . Oh yeah , now I remember . I AM RETIRED 
A veteran is someone who , at one point in his life , wrote a blank check made payable to ' The United States of < PROPFEMALE > ' for an amount of up to and including my life . ' 
How can I sit on the front porch in 62 degree weather and wish it would rain . Every bird in the SE region is eating my seed and soy beans . Not to mention the winter peas . I guess it is too beautiful to complain . God knows what he is doing . 
Please let it rain on my deer lease . It looks like a dust bowl . 
Don't allow someone who doesn't have a life , to try and ruin yours . 
It RAINED for 1 hour and 12 minutes today . City of Kirbyville got zero , my little homestead got it all . Wind up to 40mph , liked to bent my flagpole in half . I loved all 72 minutes . Still could use about 10 more inches . 
Had a wonderful time at < PROPMALE>'s BDay party with family and friends . Food was awesome and it ended a perfect weekend . Oops , I don't have any weekends anymore . 
Rained like crazy and I can't wait for more . Deer Camp was a victim also . 
When you drive all the way to Beaumont to pick up a prescription , you should tell yourself to look at it before driving home . It may not be the correct Rx . Just transferred all of my accounts to Silsbee . At least if I pull a stupid , it takes less diesel to correct it . 
Tomorrow is Veterans Day . To all my brothers that were lost , I still remember and to all those serving today , God Bless You . To those who don't understand , I hope you never will . 
Happy Birthday < PROPMALE > . Couldn't be prouder than to have a grandson born on Veterans day . Happy 2nd Birthday son and I will see you Sunday . 
Had a great time at < PROPMALE>'s Birthday , great deer chili by < PROPFIRST > and great weather . Grandson's everywhere . Thanks < PROPFIRST > for a great time . 
Time to get outside and get to work in garden and yard . Beautiful day in the neighborhood . 
< PROPMALE > Girls Basketball rocks . 
A conscience is the ruler of \inner discussion\ " . a . foote 2010 " 
between sweating and freezing , I remembered that I should have gotten my flu shot . It was too easy when I worked for that company that gave them to you free . 
Up and at em for no reason at all . Can't sleep , have a great Friday . 
Long day , but a lot of good people fed at the Feast of Sharing . If I never see another pot of Mashed Potatoes or slice of ham for the next 4 months , it will be tooooooo soooooon . 
Well , tomorrow ( whoops , I guess it is tomorrow ) should be the last of my shopping . Narrowed it down to a new Lamborghini or an 8 carat ring . What's love got to do with it . What's love but a second-hand emotion . It's about the bling . 
Going to loadin up some Xmas baskets Friday and deliverin ' on Saturday . This makes my life worth while . Good people doing good things for no reason at all . Just because we can . One day at a time . 
iStupid got an iPod Touch for a present and there are no directions for anything . iClueless will have to get help from an iGotonealready somewhere . iHope so anyway . 
fuip 
Cooking since < PROPFEMALE > , smokin ' the birds , we got dirty rice , candied jalepeno's , ham and onion dip , nanner puddin , you name it . Tomorrow the day belongs to Cade , < PROPMALE > , Kyler , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > . Cooking seems to be the Interstate Highway to serenity . 
Vacation is over and I must get back to work . Called in for the rest of the week and feeling guilty . 
Going down for the count , BP is up , left eye has gone < PROPFIRST > on me , and my foot doesn't work anymore . I need a job , you hear me . I wanna be a volunteer at a massage parlor . 
Scrapin ' up quarters for Deisel fuel . Have to go Beaumont twice this week . Maybe this $5.00 /gallon thing has nothing to do with the fact us SSI people didn't get a cost of living raise . Wow , I found 2 quarters and a dime under the sofa . BCBS says their goin up on their Hospitilization 60% this next year . Better buy another sofa , I'm gonna need it . 
