has been long abscent from facebook and probably wont visit often 

' s ears are still ringing . Awesome !!! 
the ringing has subsided for now ; but the experience will last forever . 
will be busy ALL DAY on Mon 
is looking forward to Wednesday ; get to stay home and rest . 
is troubled and can say no more . It is nothing that anyone should worry about but please pray for me . 
Just started to play Guitar Hero then decided to check Facebook 
Just played Fight Fire with Fire by Metallica and now my strumming arm is shaking uncontrollably . 
Is starting school again in exactly 2 weeks ... Weird . Looking forward to more cooking learning but , man , the summer is gone . 
is 20 and , like all birthdays , feels no different . 
is eating soggy creme brulee from wednesday . It is still delicious ! 
has officially watched all of the \Nightmare on Elm St. \ " movies . ( 1-8 ) " 
Just found out that I got 3 \A's\ " and 1 \ " B\ " . Super-stoked !!! > : 0 " 
has been blessed with wonderful and caring parents . ( Even if I don't realize it all the time . ) 
is going to have a bikini body by the summer . 
is relieved to have so many good friends : ) . I love you guys !!! ( No , I am not drunk ) ; ) 
is growing weary of waiting for the \One\ " : ( " 
Worked for 14 1/4 hours at Walkers Bluff Saturday . They seem to really like me there . I am eternally thankful to God that he has blessed me with all of the skills that I have and that he has led me into a career that I love so much . I am also praying that I never forget that I would have nothing except for his love and grace towards me . 
Uma , my beautiful Retard Squeaky , died in her sleep last night . 
has mixed feelings about being done with school . On the one hand I am totally thrilled ; on the other hand there is a huge void in my life and I feel kind of overwhelmed . I have been in school for 15 of my 20 years and I feel almost empty without it . I pray that God will ease me out of my funk because I need and want to move on to bigger and better things . 
listened to Miserlou by < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > and the del-tones and is now going to watch Pulp Fiction again . 
Is feeling much better after this weekend and has hope for the future once again . 
is feeling pretty good about life . 
watched Spider-Man again and shed a few tears of rage towards the Green Goblin . I love a movie that can make me know what I < PROPFEMALE > . I < PROPFEMALE > to be a protector . One of my biggest < PROPFEMALE > s is to save a girl in distress . I see it as my duty and I will gladly protect any girl who needs my help but more importantly , I want a girl of mine own to care for and to protect . Someday . I hope soon . ( sigh ) 
has , once again , been taken down a few pegs . Largely due to mine own impatience , I would say . I know that God is trying to teach me something through all of this but I obviously haven't figured it out . 
must , once again , start from square one . Relationships ... Why does God have to make them SO hard and yet SO needed . Life would be so much easier if I just didn't care . As you all know though , I just don't work that way . 
has decided that God wants me to grow and mature some more before he blesses me with a wife . Because of this , I am going to try and relax and be content with the life that God has blessed me with . I hate waiting but I think that I need to . 
is hoping to go to BH this year . Who else is planning on going ? 
I love rain :) I went into soccor at 2:45 and it was 95 outside ( don't know what the heat index was ) One deluge around 6:15 and it was 81 . Sweet !!! 
needs more time to < PROPFEMALE > with the ones he loves and cares for :( 
wishes that he and the ones that he cares for could find the time at the same time to do things . 
has lost 30 pounds since late last Summer !!! Short-shorts , here I come )= D 
just worked another 14hr day at The Bluff . We served over 200 people . I praise God that he blessed me with a career that I actually enjoy enough to do this . =) 
Off to work and I don't know when I will be back ... 
is home after 12hrs at work . Busiest night so far and hope never again . Several reservations were late and some early . We had 50-60 people all at 9:00 pm . On the plus side , I AM GOING TO BH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Is stoked about BH !!! Now if only I had some friends to share all of the awesome food that I am going to buy . 
needs new shocks and struts before I drive all the way to BH . I love how everything likes to steal my money . 
had an exciting and wonderful weekend =) 
Is an uncle . Liam < PROPMALE > Norbut . First time I held him he cried . Go figure 
bought a bunch of new cd's for the trip to FL ; hope they get here in time . 
Went and saw Predators last night :) It was a great movie ! < PROPFIRST > Brody can actually pull off being a tough guy . Who knew ? 
acually got all of the cd's that I ordered , I am packed , and stoked about BH 4:30 AM is coming early . I am going to blow SOOO much money on amazing food =) 
Had a blast at BH . Sang Don't stop believing by Journey at a karaoke ; most everyone said I did great but I don't believe that I was that good . I also spent close to $150 on food . It was awesome :) 
BH was very good for me . I met many new friends and reconnected with Traie . I forget how good a friend and how great a guy he really is : ) Thanks for an amazing week . 
used to be SOOO cute and wonders what happened :/ 
got a raise and has been promoted to manager of the Mobile Kitchen of the Gazebo at < PROPMALE>'s Bluff !!! God is good =) 
To all the little people out there . Just want to let you know that I still notice you =) 
What's with these Homies dissing my girl ? Why do they got to front ?... \ 
Watch me unravel I'll soon be naked . Lying on the floor . Lying on the floor . I've come undone . 
\Allow me to answer your question with another question . How many abidiginals do you see modeling ? \"" 
just finished listening to The Bible on tape tonight . I listened to the WHOLE Bible in 9 months instead of the usual 12 )= {D ) 
Searched and search and finally found cleats in my size . Pretty good price to , $70 . Believe me , that is a great price for my feet :/ 
has officially started his own life insurance policy . Feel free to kill me now . 
It's going to be a high of 74 on sat . It is going to be beautiful for working outside =) 
survived the weekend . Worked 45 hours in four days . Served 250 people in 5 hrs on sat . Dead tired but So thankful that God provides =) 
\You people ? \ " \ " What do you mean ' you people ? ' \ " \ " What do YOU mean ' you people ? ' \"" 
should just be happy with what I have . I don't thank GOD nearly enough for all that I do have . I praise thee Lord with all of my heart , soul , and mind for your continued faithfulness to me , a lowly sinner . =) 
has started working hard to lose weight again . Been going for almost 2 weeks and Dr. Bollig told me that I was looking thinner . Sweet !!!!! 
just finished a 14.14 hr day at the bluff . EXHAUSTED 
just finished a 14.57 hr shift at the Bluff . AJ ( fellow chef ) and I served over 100 people , just the two of us , and the red blood of our vanquished food foes still stains my hands ... Alright , fine ; the red is from the fruit punch I had to make but it still stained my hands . 
along with AJ and < PROPMALE > de-stemmed and stuffed 9000 mushrooms for < PROPMALE>'s Bluff's 1 year anniversary . It was horrible . It took us 3 days . 
Finished the New Testament in 1 1/2 months . At this rate I will finish the whole Bible in about 6 months . 
I apologize to all of my fans but I am not on FB very often anymore ;) 
Working-out 6 days a week is hard . I am so tired :( 
is unexplainably exhausted 
Finished listening to the Bible last week !!! Took me just under 6 months !!! 
