What kinda ice cream man peels off on you before you can order ?...... mabey hes a criminal ! 

i saw bumble < PROPFEMALE > poo for the first time today !!!!!!!! 
( sigh ) ....... still waiting for the icecream truck ... he will probaly cum < PROPFEMALE > it starts raining .... as usual 
Tell me who even thinks to buy Ramen Noodles in the summer time < PROPFEMALE > its over 90 degrees out there !?!?!... my aunt 
sum little boy got jumped at the park today , i shudda helped him but i got to lazy .... o well : I 
my little brother just hit me dead in the eye with a remote , i wonder if i will go to jail if i kill him ..... naa hes only 3 
Im so bored im bout to got to a 23 story building and jump out the 1st floor ! 
yea i really dont like bacon 
Hhmmm ..... im in the mood for sum chicken now 
Im not in the mood for chicken anymore i want sum cotton < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Hate to say this but i actually cant wait to go back to school ! 
There was nuthing on tv so i watched Yo GabbaGabba and i think my IQ level just dropped ! 
Im gunna misz my Preppy Boy < PROPFEMALE > 
I just stubbed my pinkey toe really hard on my dresser ... i think i broke it ! :( 
Time to find sumthin to eat now ..... i got the munchies ! 
Time to go to the park ! 
Just got back from the park and this little boy had the nerve to squirt me with his water gun rite , so < PROPFEMALE > he got stuck on the monkey bars i didnt help him < PROPFEMALE > he asked for help bawhahah ! lol 
Now that i think about it ...... that was pretty mean of me ....... oh well 
had a long day going back to < PROPFEMALE > any day now but for now i need my sleep ! 
My leg just fell asleep ! 
Why is the tv up so damn loud and aint nobody watchin it !!!!!!! 
....... ( SiGh ) 
lollipoopdeck 
So there were three tamatos walkin dwn the street , mamma tamato , daddy tamato and baby tamato . Baby tamato was lagging behind so daddy tamato squished him and said \ketchup ! \ " ... lol " 
Llllllllllllllllllllllllllooooooolllli PoopDeck !... Lolipoopdeck ! What do u call a lollipop on a ship thats tired ?...... A LOLIPOOPDECK !!!!!!!!! 
This popcorn is good ! 
This girl is so fricken ignorant she gunna ask why ppl with down syndrome got big butts ........ smh 
mmmmm i love me sum frosted flakes 
Almost time for Chowder to come on !! Best cartoon in the world !! 
Just got back from the park had a water baloon fight and now im eating the best Cherry-Lemon Cheese Danish EVER !!!!! 
Went to the store to get a Hand Ball , i shud go to the park ... mabey l8ter ! 
just got bac from the park and now im bored : l 
MY BESTIE Kaylie HappiestChick Ramsey's BIRTHDAY IS TOMARROW !!!!!!! :D 
TODAY IS MY BESTIE Kaylie HappiestChick Ramsey BIRTHDAY TODAY !!!! :D 
Gotta start packin goin back to < PROPFEMALE > on tuesday ! 
BOUT TO GO TO THE AIRPORT SEE YALL IN < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! 
I just found a baby kitten ... my dog might eat him :,( 
Come on now u suppose to be a bad boy stop lookin out yo peep hole lol the peep hole in your door every 5 seconds we not talking bout u groupie 
Reallyy Boredd ( sigh ) 
Just ate sum food ... now im tiredd :P 
Im mad my bus pulled off as soon as that fight happened inda bus lane ..... smh this is bout the third this dun happened ! 
dont sit there and complain and try to blame < PROPFIRST > people for yur mistakes grow up and get over it ! 
Actually i am really craving some fresh baby carrots !!! 
... Sombody please tell me why all of a sudden all these little kids makin all these music videos and sonqs and gettin all dhis money and i can barely rhyme big words together !!!! 
i wonder what it feels like to get swept up in a tornado lol i wud probaly get dizzy after while ! 
Lame asz niggahs going to Bino's Halloween Party and wasnt even invited this is a shoutout to all the GROUPIES ! and wanna be BAD BOYS ! and then < PROPFEMALE > still 14 lammmeee asssszzzzzeeeessss !!!! 
Do giraffes have deep throats ??? 
Got a < PROPFEMALE > Hangover hope i feel better 
Mmmmm this crunch bar is soooooo good !!!!!!!!! 
All this cold weather makin me sick ... IM LOSING MY VOICE !!!! >:( 
How do < PROPFEMALE > take the crust off a UNCRUSTABLE pb&j sandwhich ??? sombody please tell meh !!!! 
Ok we understand your mad , but how many glass dishes do you hafta break tew get your point across lmao .... break the < PROPFEMALE > cabinet why dont ya ! lol 
I feel like eating a bigg bag of hot cheetos 
just made sum chocolate pancakes ! yummm 
Bout to go to the movies lata on but dont know what to see .... might go see Black Swan , heard it was scarrrry . 
Black Swan was a good movie but it was very confusing ... and nasty and i had a nightmare that i turned into a swan and started to fly away then got shot out the sky ... smh 
Eating cookies makes me feel happy inside ... 
Passed all my classes !!!!!!! 
I HAATTEEE SPRING TIME , JUST LIKE HATE BACON LOL !!!!!!!! 
Who passed all there classes ..... hmmmm lets see ...... I DID ! 
