So why is it that on the mornings you do not need to get up for anything , you wake up early and can't sleep in ?? Up at 5:47 am ... paper read , coffee drank , sunrise watched and getting ready to head for the stable . 

12 hours after the party and we are STILL trying to clean up ! 
Just back from an evening with good friends on the patio at Flying Mango ... their 24 Hour Brisket is to-die-for ! 
It's officially soup season ... making our first batch a Curried Mushroom Barley Soup tonight . Yum ! Maybe it will < PROPMALE > the rain and cold away ... 
Just back from Avatar ... awsome ! 
Take a moment and look outside ... the snow is magical tonight ! It is beautiful out ! 
Driving while talking on your cell phone = stupid . Driving in poor visibility on snow and ice covered roads while talking on your cell phone , shouldn't < PROPMALE>'s Theory kick in ? 
Nude . 
I tried to take the Grade Your Parents quiz and my name causes it to not compute ! Does this mean they get an A+ ?? 
Ladies , your red , black , pink , blue , white , butterflied , cheetah printed , and nude bra colors made the news last night . Facebook doesn't know who started it going but the < PROPFEMALE > G Komen foundation says it was a great way to raise awareness for breast cancer . Way to go ! Post this on your wall - if you participated in the Bra Color Game . 
Anyone else see how empty Carver was for the Hawkeye's b-ball game ... fair weather fans ??? 
Watched 4 bald eagles , parents and two 1 1/2 yr old chicks , while out riding my horse this afternoon ... they are magnificent creatures ! 
must go find chocolate ... 
My urban dictionary response : 
Just about got stuck on the gravel roads coming back in for lunch . Wouldn't suggest going out of town unless you have to ! Don't know how I'm going to make it out to the stable ... 
Anyone else have bad dreams involving screaming chickens ? Boycotting < PROPFIRST>'s ... 
is happy to be back home . NOT one of my brighter ideas ... 
Anyone still need horseshoes or harnesses ? If you have can gift bricks , I'm still a few short of a foundation . 
For the love of chocolate , would someone please drive by my house and throw ONE more BRICK through my front window !!?? Thanks for all the gifts . Does anyone still need harnesses or horseshoes ? 
Just passing this along .... FACEBOOK IS BLOCKING ALL YOUR FRIENDS NEWS FEEDS EXCEPT 250 THEY CHOOSE ! To UNDO : from HOME < PROPFEMALE > , select NEWS FEED and scroll to bottom of < PROPFEMALE > , click \Edit Options\ " ( to the right side ) ~ ( left side is \ " older posts ) . Select NEWS FEED SETTINGS . reset 250 to 5000 ( FB's < PROPMALE > . friend limit ) . Your ............... feed will work right again ....... Spread the word . " 
Can you hear the crocuses and daffodiles under all the snow piles ? Yeah , neither can I ... 
is wondering if her friends heading to warm temps and < PROPFIRST > beaches would test out the Butterfly Effect ? Everyone , at the same time , pick up their beach towels and fan some warm air to the north ! 
For some good clean fun .. Call the Nestle Hotline @ 800-295-0051 . When asked if you want English or Spanish , wait QUIETLY for about 10 secs & you will smile . Keep going & press 4 , then press 7 . If you comment on this , don't give the secret away ! ;) 
This Sunday February 22 is National < PROPFEMALE > Day ! Get out your < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Off to Kalona and Keokuk to visit the Kinfolk ... officially a \K\ " weeKend ! " 
First < PROPFIRST > , over 50 degrees , sunshine , and a camel ... must be spring ! 
Heading to Iowa City for BBQ at Wildwood Smokehouse and Saloon . Yum ! 
I have daffodiles poking their heads up ! Spring !!! 
Well , Comanche ( my horse ) survived his minor surgery . Hopefully we got all the skin cancer cells and there will be no more problems . 
Off to the flea market today ... what kind of ' treasures ' will I find ? 
Reasons to love spring : Bulbs starting to grow , we can see the grass again , birds singing , able to ride on the trails and roads instead of in the arena , bike rides , able to walk the dogs without Yak Traks or cross country skies , seedlings popping up in the basement ' greenhouse ' , and later this week , drinks on the patio ! 
is giving up on finding something to eat in this house and < PROPMALE > and I are heading to The Cafe . I hear a mojito calling ... 
Thanks everyone for all the birthday wishes ! The weather was wonderful and I got to play outside all afternoon . ( Actually had to run the AC in the car in March ! ) 
It's not cancer ... three little words that can make your day . 
THERE IS A VIRUS SPEADING LIKE WILDFIRE ON FB . DO NOT ACCEPT ANYTHING FROM ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS THAT ASK YOU TO WATCH A VIDEO ON YOU -TUBE . SNOPES JUST CONFIRMED . IT IS A TROJAN WORM VIRUS CALLED KOOBFACE . IT WILL STEAL INFO , INFEST YOUR SYSTEM AND SHUT IT DOWN . DO NOT OPEN THE LINK . PLEASE REPOST THIS IN YOUR STATUS . http://www.snopes.com/computer/virus/youtube.asp 
Just back from helping pot up 40+ planters for the Master Gardeners Plant Sale in May . Now out to the garden to divide more perennials ! 
Ugh ... need more daylight -- its hard to divide plants in the dark ! 
We got the house cleaned , blinds dusted ( hate dusting blinds ! ) , rest of the siding on the back of the garage , patio reset and cleaned , some of the plants moved outside , windows washed , laundry done , garden weeded , and lawn mowed . Whew ! 
Just loaded the last flat of plants into the < PROPFIRST > to move over to Reiman Gardens for the Master Gardener's plant sale this weekend . My back patio looks so bare ! 
Survived 11 hours outside for the plant sale . It went well ( except for the wind and cold ) . Why does it seem like I brought home just as many plants as I took ? 
Working on a show home this week for the home tour and the home owner stops by . We introduce ourselves and ask where they are moving from . Turns out it is Mrs. Kink < PROPMALE > , my HS < PROPMALE > teacher from Bloomfield . She and her husband are moving to Ames . Small world ! 
um , yeah ... I still have questions ... 
Go to your profile < PROPFEMALE > and scroll all the way down to the bottom . On the bottom left corner in little blue letters , click\EnglishUS\ " When the language selection appears 
Heading to my Dad's in Kalona for a few days ... do you think anything exciting will be going on ? And no , the Cheese House does NOT qualify . Yum ... cheese curds ... 
Woo !... having a fun weekend catering to a horse and making hay . I have successfully driven both the large and small tractor plus the \mule\ " and the riding lawn mower ... I think Dad is out of equipment to throw me on ! " 
Fresh sweetcorn for dinner ... YUM ! 
is getting ready to make a batch of Watermelon Vodka Punch . Wonder if I can add enough ice to keep me cool out on the patio ? 
is having made-from-scratch < PROPMALE > chocolate cake for lunch ... YUM ! Thanks < PROPMALE > ! 
is heading to sun and fun at the lake with bug spray and wajitos in tow !! 
has 2 happy wet dogs after going to play in the river ! At least they are drying quickly ... the only thing good about the heat today . 
Anyone have any tree trimmers they recommend ? 
Woo hoo !!! The power is back on ! We were not looking foreward to a day of bailing the sump pit ! 
So ... when the fire dept is asking you if you want help evacuating your house , is it too late to build an ark ??? 
We made it to Story City and back to help < PROPMALE>'s parents clean up their basement swimming pool . Had to take a round-about way to get there , but it can be done . 
Finally , a nice normal shower ! Ames lifted the water restrictions and we can once again bathe and do laundry ... yeah ! Still can't drink the water , but being able to freely flush is a wonderful thing !!! 
just got carded at the grocery store ! 
Noooooo ... woke up to a broken coffee maker ! < PROPMALE > us out on a caffeine hunt . 
The Octagon < PROPMALE > Fest just keeps getting better each year . Found some great < PROPMALE > and picked up 7 Christmas gifts ! 
Ate at Smokey D's BBQ tonight ... WOW , great ribs and burnt ends ! We will be heading back many times :) 
Happy to be home ... loved Memphis and our blues tour , but some vacations make you appreciate what you have and glad to return . 
Wondering if tonight is the night I cave and turn on the heat ??? 
Always wondered what the wire snaking up the corner behind the bathroom door went to ... found out its the theromstat . Did you know your furnace won't run if the line is cut ? One repair call later and now we do ! 
Thought < PROPMALE > was nuts when he decided to start yet another home improvement project at 4pm today . Well , its mostly done , the house is mostly back to normal and he is on the way to get ice cream and milk . ( I'll let you decide which one he won't forget ! ) 
Thought it was odd last night when our English Setter was sooo quiet outside . He comes in smacking his lips with incriminating blood all over his paws . One less < PROPFEMALE > to nibble on my plants ! 
Try to say \Irish Wristwatch\ " its hilarious :) " 
Almost got trapped in the Christmas parade on the square in Washington while trying to eat at the Panda Garden ! 
would like the truck plowing the church parking lot across the street to get a new muffler ... having it wake us up at 5am ( or earlier ) everytime it snows this winter is already getting old . 
1 . Go to Google Maps and click on Get Directions . 2 . Write USA as your start point . 3 . Write Japan as your destination . 4 . Go to the 31st point on your route ; when you stop laughing , post this as your status so that others can have a laugh , too . ( see also : #46 ) 
Sure signs spring is just around the corner : I got to play in the yard ( may have even gotten a little tan !!! ) , we opened the windows , < PROPMALE > is out on his first bike ride of the year , my horse started shedding , and the < PROPFEMALE > retriever seems to have exploded all over the house ( how he still has any fur left on his body is still a mystery ) . 
Always wondered what it'd be like to have red highlights , but I don't suggest getting a half-inch cut in your scalp to find out . At least they were semi-permanent ! 
