start bio 1 week from today , woot ! 

Had an awesome day at Grandfather Mountain 
bit ' o reading , steam room , sleep , hike 2morrow morning at riverbend =D 
Woot ! Made an A on my term paper which means I made an A for the class ! 
Each and every element that exists in this universe is manifested from a thought first . Through the inner mind's eye of the unseen power in the sky ; Gave birth to Mother Earth and all it's worth to you and I ... 
Slept like a freaking rock ... Ready to go swimming though 
Couldn't sleep so I went ahead and ordered 2 of my books , got a pretty good deal on both =D 
Did a 10.6 mile hike ( approximately ) today at Grandfather Mountain ... ' Twas great . 
Guess I'll just play some Fallout 3 ' till I can go back to sleep lol 
Nothing like a 2hr French class to start the day =) 
No one should die because they can't afford healthcare or go broke because they get sick . If you agree please post this as your status for the rest of the day . 
Much better week than last week , aced a French test and quite possibly a Chem test too 
You can blame me , if you feel that you wanna . Blame someone , and you know that you're gonna . Blame me , if you feel that you gotta . Blame someone , so go ahead and come on ... 
Got that new Jay-Z album today , and it's great 
Already off to a bad start ... couldn't sleep worth a damn ... 
Only thing that's on my mind , is who's gonna run this town tonight ... 
\No one understands and appreciates the American Dream of hard work leading to material rewards better than a non-American . \ " — < PROPFIRST > Bourdain ( Kitchen Confidential : Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly ) " 
Lose one , let go to get one . Left one , lose some to win some . ( You lost one ) . Story of a champion , sorry I'm a champion . You lost one . 
I'm gon ' do it all tomorrow . Tomorrow that'll be the day . So if you need me tomorrow ; You might find me while I'm going ' bout my way . But today , I'm just gonna take it easy . I ain't gon ' do a thing at all . See , I'm just happy to be breathin ' . While I'm lying next to my babydoll ! 
i need to find someone to braid my hair but i don't even know where to begin to look ... >.< 
gotta say , all in all , today was a pretty great day 
sooo I made a 96 on that chem test ... hahaha Woot ! 
So we livin ' life like a video . Where the sun is always out and you never get old . And the champagne's always cold . And the music's always good . And the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood ... Cause there is no tomorrow , just some picture perfect day . To last a whole lifetime , and it never ends . ' Cause all we have to do is hit rewind . I'm forever young ... 
Hey I'm on a mission . No matter what the conditions . Forget the personal issues . When you been what I been through . Hey if you believe it . Then you can conceive it . The motivation for me , was them telling me what I could not be . 
We give a damn about the drama that you do bring . I'm just tryin ' to change the color on your mood ring . 
May the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows . 
You have been weighed , and you have been measured . And you have been found wanting . 
Another successful lockdown at Tripps ... rofl 
Don't sweat the Technique . 
If you remove every living animal out of the sea ; Then wouldn't the world's ocean water level decrease ? This means the planet wasn't 3-quarters water . 
Mmmm work in the morning ... 
Lovin ' NetFlix =D 
Nothing like Quantum Theory problems to start out the week >.> 
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings ? 
Who are the top five rappers of all time ? 
Big homie . Made the move . Made , made the move . Flew off the < PROPFEMALE > . Still had no , no one . 
\I must create a system or be enslaved by another man's; I will not reason and compare : my business is to create . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
You say you got a real solution . Well , you know ... We'd all love to see the plan . You ask me for a contribution . Well , you know ... We're all doing what we can . But if you want money for people with minds that hate . All I can tell you is brother you have to wait . Don't you know it's gonna be , all right . All right , all right . 
made me some omelettes mmmm 
This morning's pancake experiment = Fail ... lol hope my steaks turn out better 
Made some kick ass steaks and homemade mashed potatoes for diner , it was amazing , if I do say so myself =P 
Spring Semester tuition is now paid ... I am officially broke lol >.> 
thinking about trying out Fedora 11 OS ... 
En el m < PROPFEMALE > do hay gente bruta y astuta . Hay virgenes y prostitutas . Ricos , pobres , clase media . Cosas bonitas y < PROPFEMALE > par de tragedias . Hay personas gordas , medianas y flacas ... Pero , no hay nadie como tu ... 
partitioning , installing drivers , installing updates , etc .... oh the joys of reformatting computers =\\ 
off to work for the night , time to lock it down 
\There are a lot of us who are caught up in this hell we all live in . Content with being blinded by rules and judgment . We live in a world where it's more okay to follow than to lead . In this world being a leader is trouble for the system we are all accustomed to . Being a leader in this day and age is being a threat . Not many people stood up against the system we all call life . \"" 
chemistry is done , just need to study for french now ... 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness , and I know ... Everything that shines ain't always gonna be gold ... I'll be fine ; Once I get it ... I'll be good ... 
You know it's been a long day when you show up for work and you're not even scheduled to work ... Doh ! >.< 
Nothing like a Chemistry exam to get your week started the right way >.> lol 
We are legion . We do not forgive . We do not forget . Expect us . 
It's back !!!.......... 
Man that Chem exam was rough , I'm really hoping for that 80 to keep my A but at this point I'll settle for a passing grade >.> 
Making steaks tonight mmm ... 
Officially done with finals for this semester !!! Woot ! 
Well damn , I made a 76 on my chem final ... 4 points short of what I needed to keep my A ... =( 
Who would have thought that something as simple as a hug could make a shitty night at work , oh so much better O.o 
Happy Holidays everyone , hope you all have a good one ! 
What a strange and awesome year it's been ... lol and I know 2011 will be even stranger and awesome(r ? ) ... anyways , Happy New Years everyone ! 
Had a pretty great time at the chemistry demonstration thing ... I guess I should study some math now ... 
Anyone know how to lower the bitrate on an mp3 file so that when I save it I can get a file size of less than 300kb ? ( i'm trying to make a ringtone lol and i'm using a program called \Audacity \")" 
I can now make custom ringtones for my LG Xenon ! Woot ! 
Dolla , Dolla < PROPMALE > Ya'll 
\The end is never the end . A new challenge awaits . A test no man could be prepared for . A new hell he must conquer and destroy . A new level of growth he must confront himself . \ " - The Man on the < PROPFEMALE > " 
Yup , didn't work ... this is the one time I regret having an AMD processor lol 
Made shrimp fried rice today , now gotta go do my taxes ... lol 
People have hope , Because they cannot see Death standing behind them . 
Such awesome weather for once , it's a shame I have to work ... 
I got a lot of loot and I ain't lookin ' for a lady ; And you can never play me I'm from Uptown baby . 
Down's syndrome is not an illness because people with down's syndrome do not need medication to make them better . What they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else . Ninety-three percent of my friends will NOT copy this . Will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as your status and leave it , for at least an hour . 
Woot ! Woot ! All caught up with my French homework now ! 
The Phantom , exterior like fish eggs The interior like suicide wrist red I can excercise you , this can be your Phys . < PROPMALE > Cheat on your < PROPFEMALE > n < PROPFEMALE > , that's how you get ahizzead 
\We're gonna be doin ' one thing and one thing only ... killin ' Nazis \"" 
Went and saw < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland today , it was pretty damn good . 
Tried out the new Ubuntu OS today , I must say it's pretty impressive , but I still have trouble installing drivers for it on my laptop >.< 
Oh the joys of Botany ... 
How low can YOU go ?! 
Made a 106 on my Botany test today , woot woot ! 
Today was a great day 
Tell me what you know about dreams , dreams ... Tell me what you know about night terrors , nothin’ ... You don't really care about the trials of tomorrow , rather lay awake in a bed full of sorrow ... 
Trop de choses à faire et trop peu de temps . 
Show ' em the monkey ! 
Happy 420 to all those who celebrate out there ! 
Good stuff ... https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/60333 
Finished all my Botany worksheets ... definitly worth staying at school until 8 pm ... woot woot ! 
You know it was a busy day at work when you come home smelling like sweaty food lol I stank ! 
Sooo ... Demonoid is down again ... NOOOOO ! 
\Show me a man with a tattoo and I'll show you a man with an interesting past . \ " < PROPFIRST > London - 1883 " 
In society , those who don't have many abilities tend to complain more . 
Yuss !! Demonoid is up and running again =D 
Alright finals week ... let's get this over with ... -_- 
Mmmm Botany and Chem Lab finals ... 
so my phone pretty much crapped out on me today ... now I have to wait on my replacement ( which I had to buy ) to get here ... lol oh well 
YES !!! Made an A in chemestry this semester !!! I rocked that lab practical with a 91 !!! Eveything in the world is right once again ... lol =D 
Tienes < PROPFEMALE > os ojos que me invitan a probarte , piel\ 
de duraznillo corazón de chocolate , < PROPFEMALE > de manzana que me invita al\ 
paraíso y < PROPFEMALE > par de melones por que Dios así lo quiso ! 
Awww snap ! Made all A's and 1 B this semester ... I did way better than I thought I would ... haha 
Just finished watching season 4 of < PROPMALE > ... that ending blew my mind , definitely a show worth checking out . 
Mountains in the morning , fishing in the afternoon with good friends ... today was a great day , doesn't get much better than that ... 
Awesome , now my cell completely stopped working ... and the new one I got today ... didn't work to begin with >.> 
Locked it down . 
Anybody know a program that can turn the audio from a video and turn it into an mp3 file ? 
Managed to pick up a shift for tomorrow night and possibly saturday night on saute ... mmm money $_$ 
Locked it down on dish tonight . It's all I do . 
Finally got some < PROPFIRST > Sinatra on my Zune , time to go lock it down at work . 
I'm real close to having enough money for my next tattoo ! 
8 days until the world cup starts , this is going to be a good one ! 
\Active evil is better than Passive Good . \ " - < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > " 
stupid ISO files , never want to work properly for me =( 
well , didn't sleep worth a damn , and I have to work this afternoon , that should be fun lol 
working 6 days this week , that new tattoo is definitely going to happen this summer if this keeps up =D 
Just need to make it through one more night on dishes and then it's saute the rest of the week ... 
World Cup Starts tomorrow !! South Africa vs Mexico , it shall be awesomeness !!!! 
No matter how bad you think you have it , or how shitty your day was , the reality is that there's some poor bastard out there who has it worse than you . And the worse part is that some of those people probably work harder than you , complain less than you and are probably treated worse than you . 
finally got a day off tomorrow , going to try to finish reading Shutter Island 
Wow , South Africa got killed ... 
GOOOOOOOLLLL !!! Take THAT Frenchies ! 
GOOOOOLLL ! 
That's right , WE WON !!! To all those people who said Mexico would lose ... IN YO FACE !!! 
1 shift down , 1 more to go for today ... 
just need to make it through one more shift for the week and I finally get a day off plus I get my new tattoo done on Monday 
What a bulls**t call ... what the hell was that ref thinking ?!?! 
got some new ink done yesterday , it was totally worth the pain =D 
Vamos Mexico !!! 
well awesome ... my 360 officially crapped out on me ... sure am glad I gave Microsoft all that money so that it could crap out on me less than 2 yrs later -_- 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > beat Greece today I can't help but think that they will destroy Mexico when they play them ... well at least we'll go down to a South American country lol 
england got trashed ! lol and robbed of a goal to top it all off ... 
Finally back from Florida , good to be home 
Hmmm should I take organic chemistry this fall ... I would have to drop my C++ programming class but it's so tempting ... >.< 
awesome ... my car's effed up again ... 
Felicidades a la Madre < PROPFEMALE > !!!! Way to go España !!!! World Champions !!!! 
Nothing like a 12 hour shift to really make you appreciate your bed lol 
Anyone happen to be a member of a website called jpopsuki.eu that can hook me up with an invitation code ? I'll give you an invitation code to Demonoid.com =P 
\I be high when I'm shopping for expensive clothes ; I be high when I get what I couldn't before ; but I be low when I gotta get ready for work ; I be low cus after bills my pockets be hurt \"" 
\Have your cake and eat it ... there's no other reason to have a cake\ " -Derren Brown " 
\The only appropriate attitude for man to have about the big questions is\ 
Best pay-day ever !! 
\How C++ is like teenage sex :\ 
made a 96 on my first calc 1 quiz ... yuss ! 
\I'm leavin ' ( Where you gonna go ? ) Barcelona . Anywhere it don't snow ( sure ) . Feel the sun glow ( ohh ) . Ladies lookin like the models from a video ! \"" 
been up since 4 am ... i'm sooo ready for this hike lol 
best hike , ever !! 
Got some sweet new ink today ! 
Awesome start to a new season of Son's of Anarchy !! 
1 shift down , 1 more to go 
had pho for the first time today , it was pretty damn good lol 
had sushi for the first time today , pretty great day 
We're gonna be doing one thing and one thing only ... catching insects ! lol 
Had an great time in Florida with some great people , but I must say , it's nice to be back home . 
watching \Into the Lost < PROPFEMALE > Caves\ " while I work on my C++ Midterm lol " 
not gonna lie , that second part of my c++ midterm was kinda ... fun ... O.O 
had pho for lunch with my brother , good stuff 
mmmm milanesa de pollo 
not going to lie ... that 14hr shift was killer ... 
New Kid Cudi ya'll 
Change your profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday ( Dec 6 ) there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is a campaign to stop violence against children . 
Semester is officially over for me ! Now to wait until Monday to see how I did 
Ordered my books this morning , and ... I'm broke now =( 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas and Happy Holidays to all ! 
What a great Christmas it's been ... great family and a great time 
Asi es la < PROPFEMALE > ... de caprichosa . A veces negra ... a veces color < PROPFEMALE > . Asi es la < PROPFEMALE > ... jacarandosa . Te quita , te pone , te sube , te baja y a veces te lo da . Asi es la < PROPFEMALE > ! 
what exactly is the file extension that a ps2 emulator reads ? 
Foolish fool who never tires of his own foolish ways 
First day of classes tomorrow ... Western Civ I and Calc II , how could it not be a good day ? 
I want a Solid-State Drive sooo badly ... 
tonight was sooo chill ... expo was so deep in the weeds I took my sweet time on all my orders and was still on time lol 
I really hope we have classes tomorrow ... I'm bored out of my mind >.< 
' Cause when all's said and done .... Wu tang Clan still ain't nothing to f *** with ! 
As of today ... I am officially unemployed ... and it feels great ! lol 
That Calc II quiz today made me its biatch ... 
Time for 3 hrs of JAVA Programming ... mmmm .... 
I ... hate ... Sociology .... 
Anyone know when exactly you change the bounds on a definite integral ? Test is in 2 hrs , i need to know !!! 
Pero que < PROPFEMALE > chinga me dieron hoy ... 
The people I met and the places I've been , Are all what make me the man I so proudly am . But I wanna know one thing ... When did I become a ghost ? I'm mostly confused about the world I live in , You think I'm lonely , well I probably am . One thing that still gets me ... When did I become a ghost ? Yeah 
I feel 100x better ... hope it stays this way 
Spilled failsauce all over my Calc 2 Test tonight ... =( 
Creo que estoy enamorado de la UDLAP >.< 
Kanye West music + Calc II Homework = Genius 
There's an old saying : \What doesn't kill you ... usually succeeds on the second attempt . \"" 
Enough Java for today ... moving on to Calc II ... yay ! >.> ... 
