I am on vacation !!!! THANK GOD cause work was killin me !! 

is in michigan for christmas . What is this white stuff ? lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!! May everyone end up fat and happy ! LOL 
Thanks to everyone for my valentines !!! Your the best 
It has been a year since I got the life changing news that my brother < PROPFIRST > passed away . I think about you everyday < PROPFIRST > and the even tho the pain as leesened , my memories and our bond have grown even stronger . I also want to say thank you to everyone that keeps him so near to there heart . He was a great man and continues to give us all strentgh to move on . RIP 03-03-10 You will never be forgotten !!! 
To all my friends : I have just found out that there is a virus going around in the form of a u tube video link . It is being sent by people that you are friends with via facebook and email . If you should recieve a random u tube video link please do not open it !!! It has already crashed one computer . This is just a heads up that if you recieve a u-tube from me I DID NOT SEND IT !!! SO DONT OPEN IT !!! 
I love spring time it is so beautiful but my sinuses and allergies dont like you at all !!!!! 
We have children going to bed without eating ..... Elderly going without needed medicines ..... Mentally ill without treatment ..... Troops without proper equipment ..... Yet we donate millions to other countries before helping our own first ...... 99% of ppl won't have the guts to copy and repost this .!!!!!! WILL YOU ????? 
Put this on your status and see how your friends respond . If you know me well , you know that I AM _______ I Love _______ and I can't stand ______ 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , your house is a mess , or your familly is filled with crazies ... they love you for who you are . A true friend can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . REPOST if you are lucky enough to have at least one true friend ! 
< PROPMALE > was being silly with < PROPFEMALE > in the rain they played in the little water falls in the rain for about half an hour . 
LORD we have had so much rain we almost needed an arch . LOL . Well the rain is gone and sun is back and now it is so muggy . YUCK ! 
Right now there's a nurse helping a woman become a mom , a nurse holding the hand of a dying man , a nurse inserting an IV in a child , a nurse listening to an Alzheimer's pt . tell a story , a nurse missing their family while caring for yours . In the minute it took you to read this nurses all over the world are saving lives .? It's nurse's appreciation week . Post if you are a nurse , love a nurse and/or appreciate a nurse 
might not be that beautiful or the \ 
sexiest ... Nor have the perfect body ... I might not be anyone's first \ 
choice .. But I am a GREAT choice ... I dont pretend to be someone \ 
else .... Cause I am too good at being ME .. I might not be proud of some\ 
of the things I've done .. But I am proud of who I am today . Take me as I\ 
am or don't take me at all . ~ Copy & post this as your status if you 
Ok so I learned something new yesterday ! That fire ants will give your dogs hives ! I never knew that . < PROPMALE > has had hives forever it feels like and they were gone for a week and came right back . UGHHHH . But at least I know now where they are coming from ! 
Happy fathers day to all you dads out there . Hope you had a great day with your families ! 
This is really cool - auditions are posted and Oprah picks a winner for their own show - NOW take a looksy at my friend < PROPFEMALE>'s audition , click vote and if you're feeling super-dooper sweet would you , could you , also click share ? :) Thank you ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Audition : Happiness is a Choice - OWN TV \ 
myown.oprah.com < PROPFEMALE>'s Audition : Happiness is a Choice - OWN TV myown.oprah.com Watch < PROPFEMALE>'s audition for Your OWN show , titled Happiness is a Choice 
Thank you everyone for the Birthday wishes . 
Just wanted to say thanks again for all the birthday wishes !!!! I had a great day with friends . Hope everyone had a great 4th and at least as today off to recover !!! 
SEE WHO IS ACTUALLY PAYING ATTENTION . EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU ARE ON MY FRIENDS LIST , AS A RESULT OF A CONSCIOUS DECISION , I WANTED YOU THERE . I AM NOT ONLY GLAD TO COUNT YOU AS FRIENDS , BUT ALSO AS FAMILY . LETS SEE WHO ACTUALLY PAYS ATTENTION . COPY AND PASTE THIS TO YOUR STATUS . I'LL BE WATCHING TO SEE WHO REALLY CARES . I CARE ! 
Ugh I started the Jillan Michaels workout and it kicked my a ** I didnt realize how out of shape that I was . 
WARNING ... Facebook has activated Facebook Places . Anyone can determine your location while on Facebook , using GPS ( Global Positioning System ) apps . To disable this feature : ( 1 ) open the Account tab ; ( 2 ) select Account Settings ; ( 3 ) select the Notifications Tab ; ( 4 ) scroll to Places ; ( 5 ) uncheck both boxes ; ( 6 ) save the changes ... Please copy and paste to warn all your friends ...! 
I pledge Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > and to the Republic for which it stands ; One Nation , Under God , Indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for All . I grew up reciting this every morning in school ; it is a shame we no longer do that for fear of offending someone ......... How many < PROPFEMALE > ns will re-post this and not care about offending anyone ? 
Children with special needs do not have an illness ; it is not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Can I make a request of anyone who is willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It is Special Education week , and this is in honor of all children who need a little extra help and understanding ... 
If you have a brother who has made you laugh .. Pulled your hair .. Stuck up for you .. Drove you crazy .. Hugged you .. Watched you succeed .. Saw you fall .. Picked you back up .. Cheered you on .. Made you strong ..... Can't do without .. Copy and paste this to your status .. I miss you < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > you are a wonderful brother . 
Every person has 1000 wishes , a cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do , in honor of\ 
someone who died of or is fighting cancer . This is for everyone still fighting too . Keep up the fight ... you beat this ... and will continue to beat this . 
Wish heaven had a phone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought about you yesterday , and day before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . AllI have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake , from which I'll never part . God has you in his arms . I have you in my heart . Re-post if you love someone in Heaven 
I AM A HANDFUL - unfortunately most women WON'T repost this . I'm strong willed , independent , a bit outspoken , and I tell it like it is . I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control and at times hard to handle . But if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure don't deserve me ... at my best . If you are a HANDFUL , repost ! I dare you ... This may be an understatement in my case ... 
A true friend doesn't care when you're being a bitch , what you weigh or what you wear , if your house is a mess , what you drive , about your past , or if your family is filled with crazy people ( I know mine is :) Your conversations pick upwhere they left off , even if they have been years apart . They love you for who yo ... u are . Re-post if you have at least one true friend . They will know who they are .. · 
Happy Thanksgiving ! 
I must B nuts !!!! But Black Friday shoping here I come !!! First time ever ! Wish me luck !? 
December's Geminid meteor shower is happening now . The best viewing should be from late night December 13 till < PROPFEMALE > December 14 . The radiant point rises in the east in mid-evening . It's highest around 2 a.m. 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everyone ! I hope you have a great holiday ! 
BROTHER'S WEEK !!!! If you have a brother who has made you laugh , punched you , stuck up for you , drove you crazy , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you fail , picked you back up , cheered you on , made you strong , and is someone you can't live without , copy and paste this to your status . Love you bub ..... 
;) but this year JULY has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . Copy this to your status & money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one who does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let that person be ME ! That also means an extra paycheck . 
My parents were MEAN to me when I was a kid . They made me do chores , go to church & school . They gave me a curfew , suggested I get a job and work for the things that I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school , at my job & to take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , a good work ethic & respect for the law , and my elders . I thank God everyday for my parents . ? Copy and paste if you agree !!! ? 
Wondering why you're only seeing status updates from the same people ? Facebook has changed its News Feed so that by default you can only see updates from people you have recently interacted with ! To change this click the arrow next to ' most recent ' then \edit options\ " and tick the box to receive updates from ALL friends . Most importantly - repost this ! Only a few of your friends will actually see it . " 
FACEBOOK SECURITY ALERT : IMPORTANT - While on fb , look at your url address at the top of your screen . If you see http : instead of https : then you don't have a secure session . Go to the Account/Accounty Settings/Account Security and click Change . Then click the first box . 
BITCHOLOGY :: When I stand up for myself and for my beliefs , they call me a bitch . When I stand up for those I love , they call me a bitch . When I speak my mind , think my own thoughts or do things my own way , they call me a bitch . Guess what-I'm a Bitch and proud of it !! RePost if you are Proud !!!!!!! 
????????????????? ??? ?? ???????????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status ! ? \ 
????????????????? ??? ?? ???????????????????? 
The One u just called fat , has been starving herself & has lost over 30lbs . The One u just called stupid , has a learning disability & studies over 4hrs a night . The One you just called ugly , spends hours putting makeup on hoping people will like her . The One you just tripped , is abused enough at home . There's a lot more to people than you think . Use this as your status if you're against bullying 
???????????????? ??? ?? ?????????????????? \ 
??? If you have angels in heaven , put this as your status ??? \ 
Death leaves a heartache no one can heal , love leaves a memory no one can steal .. When someone you love becomes a memory , the memory becomes a treasure 
