has to work today ... ya gotta make some money . 

is thinking about \Kitchen Club \"...." 
is really tired and it's only quarter to 12 . that's sad 
ya Friday should be a good day .... 
is extremely upset with her car ... it pretty much just freaked out on me . I have no idea what's wrong with it , but i'm pretty sure i can't drive it right now . 
is going to possibly the last hot tub party of the summer . 
done with school for the day . yay . 
i wish i didn't get distracted so easily . 
i feel like i want to get some sweet new sweat pants . 
Is wondering what kinda quotes I will get to take out of English today . 
So according to Facebook I am 75% blonde . I think someone else was taking the quiz at the same time and Facebook got confused and switched out scores . 
pissed ... oh , so pissed ... seriously jury duty . 
I hate speech ! Tuesday is gonna suck . I have to give mine first and I'm pretty sure I did it wrong . 
\ohhh im going to slap you in the cooter\ " There i wrote it down . BAHAHAHA !! " 
New < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ??? Hopefully . 
Lets go pack , pull off the win . I dont wanna freeze my butt off for nothing . 
Rainbow 
I found out today that there are more flavors of NAKED . I'm so excited . 
I kinda think I'm becoming addicted to social interview . 
can not wait till summer !!! so sick of snow and winter . ugh 
hmmm .... decisions decisions . 
GAHHH !!! 
at the piggly wiggly with my mom ... oh how i miss her . 
is loving the weather today . 
I hate Wisconsin weather !!!! 
I literally saw a grown man cry over crab meat tonight at work ... haha made my night . 
I jus saw < PROPMALE > Provan in a movie ... so weird haha . 
Finds it quite funny how quick some people jump to conclusions ... 
First two exams kicked my ass . 
My plans for tomorrow have changed ... jus realized i have to work . :( 
Falalala Falalala look at the bells , look at the bells . Holy crap here comes Jesus and he doesn't look to happy . 
I like to sing when i cut grass because i thought no one could hear me , well i guess i was wrong or i was jus singing a < PROPMALE > bit too loud today . When I stopped cutting my family was clapping n making fun of me ... embarrassing . 
Oddly enough country music is sounding so very sweet today . 
Bay beach with the family . :) 
Good day gone bad ... 
SKILLET !! So excited !!! 
Loves me my Old Spice pure sport deodorant . 
I feel like I live in the freaking rain < PROPMALE > . SOOO sick of rain !!! 
Why is it that nothing on my body will shrink except my boobs ... seriously , they cant get much smaller . 
Everything happens for a reason . 
Coloring with my lil sis ... jus like old times . 
I finally feel like things will be ok . God is good . :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Crocker better watch out , I jus made some darn good apple oatmeal cookies n zucchini bread . 
is really not liking this whole packing thing . 
Tomorrow is gonna be one loooong day ... 
well the day is actually good thus far .. on my way to Oshkosh . 
Seriously FREAKING out .... I think I found a GRAY hair already !!!! 
Exhausted ... 
Thank you , Sunseekers for allowing me to get my tan on at 10 pm . 
love how I was jus told today I will be getting moved ... not how I thought I was gonna spend my day . 
Four words ... Thank God Its Friday !!! 
\I like turtles \"" 
\I'm the Banana !! \"" 
I like it on my desk . 
That was definitely an epic fail !!! 
is definitely loving the weather today . 
SOOO outta it today . 
wow Teen Mom just made me cry ... 
Dear annoying girl sitting behind me in Geography , could you please shut up for at 2 seconds . That would be greatly appreicated . 
Crank the spatula !! 
Project Pudding .... hopefully a success ? 
R . I . P < PROPMALE > ... You were such a good fish . :( 
Guess who will be waiting in line tonight at midnight !!!!.... Not this girl .......... guys and COD 
Next semester is going to be the death of me .... 8:00 am classes 4 days a week .... ughhh 
The sorting hat says you should be in my house ... wait ... whats that ... it also says you should be in my bed . 
Headed home to that hick town up north . 
Pretty sure Im gonna be 30lbs heavier when I go back to school .. holy crap WAY too much food . 
YUCK !!! I hate winter !!! 
I just have to remember everything happens for a reason . 
Just heard the Chipmunks Christmas song !!! I love it . Can't wait for Christmas break !! 
is jealous of everyone who is already done for the semester .... 
I love catching only bits of conversations . I just heard someone say \I'm proud for not peeing all over the place . \ " HAHAHAHA . " 
Correction to last status ... I love catching only bits of conversations . I just heard < PROPFEMALE > Belanger say \I'm proud for not peeing all over the place . \ " HAHAHA . " 
Gahhhhhuahhhhhhhh !!!! FINALLY DONE !!!! 
Thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>'s parents I will be attending my very first Packer game next Sunday . SOOOOO excited !!!! 
Never thought I would be saying this , but Im offically addicted to Glee . 
Well my whole body may be frozen and I cant feel my feet , but ..... PACKERS WON !!! 
WOW ... thanks Seahawks for giving the Bears the game . 
Can't wait to visit Jorden M Fabry !!!! 
I dont know if I have ever been so bored . Sitting on a train for 7 hours with 3 and a half more to go .... awesome 
UGHHH !!!! I Cannot wait for the Packers to dominate on Sunday !!!!! 
is getting VERY excited to see Skillet Friday !!! 
SOOOOO glad its the weekend !!!! 
has absolutely no motivation to do anything related to school . I feel like I have senioritis all over again . 
