I was going to put this right after the ball dropped , but then I realized that I would probably forget to ... so screw it . HAPPY NEW YEAR !!! :D 

... wow ... can't believe that our first field show is in two days !! :D 
Should I be excited we have another show this week ? Not feeling up to it ... 
Made the worst pumpkin seed brittle ever ... made me gag a little ... 
shouldnt leave his facebook open when he goes to school so when his brother gets on the computer he can mess with my status . =D \ 
ps . < PROPMALE > you suck . lol 
21 days left until WBA Championships at Fresno !! :D 
is learning how to play the oboe ?? 
20 days until Fresno !! 
First day of November !! You know what that means ... 19 days left !! :) 
17 days left until Fresno ! I feel like such a nerd :) 
Shredding on the oboe makes me forget about people I hate . It's like magic ... :) 
I never I thought I'd actually be glad marching season is almost over ... 
It's finally over ! I don't care about the bad placing , cuz I'm used to it after this season ... but seriously , if I got one thing out of band , even after our worsening scores of our shows throughout the years , it's the amazing friends . That's right ... you know who you guys are . You made it great , fun , and best of all , tolerable and we followed it through to the end . Thanks for being there for me this entire season ! :) 
I like how the \director\ " is trying to be all nice to me after what happened friday ... it's actually kinda funny :) " 
Wow ... just watched < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the World ... best movie ever ! :) 
Woke up today , and remembered I should be competing in WBA Championships right now ... :( 
I really want to < PROPFEMALE > out with people over break . Need to have fun like , right now , especially since the huge disappointment of this weekend ... 
Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > !!! :) 
I just realized something ... being sick sucks really bad ... :( 
Just finished an extremely ghetto mousetrap car . It only took me an hour ... :) 
Last day playing oboe !! About time ... :) 
Yay , no more squawking sounds !! It's horn time ! :) 
Hey big boy ... well tonight was fun ! :) 
Disneyland tomorrow !! Woot woot :) 
One more day and I am DONE with physics !! :) 
I GOT A VIOLIN FOR CHRISTMAS !!! :D 
I'm so sore ... been playing with the new Kinect on my xbox :) 
I don't know why , but I can't wait for school to start again . There must be something wrong with me ... :) 
< PROPMALE > out with my best friend < PROPFEMALE > and made LEMON COOKIES !! :D 
Doing stuff on my NEW LAPTOP !!! :) 
I'm pretty sure I'm ready for that ap calc test tomorrow , I better be , I've been studying for a while ... 
Just finished typing my awful italian sonnet . Typing it makes seem not as bad somehow ... 
So death exists because Satan had sex with his headbaby ? And hell-hounds were created because Sin was raped by the resulting baby ? < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > must've been on drugs ... 
I feel stupid . I really need it to be tomorrow right now ... 
Trying to find a theme for my allegorical skit due friday ... this whole project is stupid ... 
One Step Beyond !! 
Trying to find elementary school friends on here , but I just can't remember who they were ... 
Ready for the long-awaited minimum day tomorrow !! :) 
Take that take-home physics test !! Hurray for the internet !! :D 
Here < PROPMALE > , you can practice the oboe during lunch . And don't forget to buy an expensive < PROPMALE > that you don't even get to use because I forgot to tell you the oboe is broken ... 
So I guess everyone mistakes me for a freshman , but I'm not young and short anymore ... :) 
Just looked at my freshman yearbook ... I do look the same now like I did three years ago , just taller . :( 
So much for my A in physics ... 
Make sure you check out the supermoon tonight ! Largest it has been in 18 years ! :) 
Spending my spring break studying for the ap calculus test ... :) 
Driving test in two days !! :) 
Just passed my driver's test !!! Now I'm on my way to Stater Bros .... 
