Kiss me one last time , and bring me back to life 

Cause i just got paid , Lets get laid !!!! :) 
Frusterated !!!!!! What a Bitch ! 
This has been the worse summer i have ever had !!!! and the time i needed my best friend the most ..... she leaves me !!!!!! What the Fuck ????? All of them are the same !!!!!! i cant trust anyone !!!! So much fo best friends forever !!!!!! 
I am falling down , Try and stop me , It feels so good to hit the ground , You can watch me , Fall right on my face , It's an uphill human race , and I am falling down 
La La La !!!! La LA LAAA ! Like my song ? 
:) Happy !!!! im excited ! 
Why wonlt you tell me ???? :( 
Hehehehe im REALLY happy !!!! But school is starting .... and thats lame 
We hold in our hearts the sword and the faith Swelled up from the rain , clouds move like a wraith Well after all , we'll lie another day And through it all , we'll find some other way To < PROPFEMALE > on through cartilage and fluid And did you come to stare or wash away the blood ? 
Hehehe 
AHHHH !!!!! LOOSE COW !!!! And thats why i dont like small towns ! hahahaha 
you ain't a Juggalo yus a Juggaho !!!!! 
Yoshi :) 
What a fucking fantastic way to start the new year XD XD XD get to hear < PROPFEMALE>'s new song XD oh so happy :D love you < PROPFEMALE > !! 
All my life i been good but now , i'm thinking what the hell XD :D i love < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Love hurts whether its right or wrong . All i want is to mess around XD 
I can't stop XD cause i'm having too much fun ! 
? IF ????? \ 
?? YOU ???? \ 
?? LOVE ???? \ 
??? AVRIL ??? \ 
????? COPY ??? \ 
?????? THIS ??? \ 
???????? TO ???? \ 
????????? UR ???? \ 
?????????? < PROPFEMALE > ?? 
[ Poke ] me if you ever had a crush on me . \ 
[ Like ] this status if im a good friend . \ 
[ Message ] me if you ever wanted a relationship . \ 
[ Comment ] on this if we had any great memories . \ 
If you feel brave , Copy this and post it on your status 
I'm so confused ... I might cry . 
baby Its worth my while to make you smile . <3 
Bored .. 
wow idk im alright now i jus need to rest . 
Sleepy and missing < PROPFEMALE > 
< PROPMALE > got me sick gotta love the little guy though i had to hug him :) love my cousin 
I don't feel good :( and i'm hungry my mom is at the bar once again 
tonight will be fun 
Feeling great :) 
My head hurts but thats ok :) can't wait for my mashed potatoes :) 
Trying to get a kitten for my girlfriend :) 
Yaaaaay :) < PROPFIRST > !!!!! my new puppy is soooooo FREAKIN ADORABLE !!!!! Love him so much ! :) 
Awww i love my new puppy < PROPFIRST > :) 
I'm really missing < PROPFEMALE > 
:) happy day i am so on my diet it sucks 
I'm so tierd :) but this trip should be fun ha its a little scary with sav driving :) 
finding a true friend is so hard . I myself had only two in the whole world . My first i lost touch with a while back . Much clown love to her . And now i have my best friend and only real friend in wellsville . < PROPFEMALE > . Keep the real friends you have . Don't fuck it up like an idiot . True friends are a treasure . 
Got the new pokemon soul silver version for the DS :) it's bad ass 
Might get my mobile internet takin away real soon :( 
She broke my heart , i'm over it but the pain and shadow still haunts the one i love now 
Agh my knee hurts so bad ! It'll be screwed up for the rest of my life probably 
Let's make a sandwich :) 
Lets make a sandwich :) again 
You can't have my couch !! 
Yum watermelon 
Eww mountain dew float sounds gross lol 
All us Juggalos and juggaletts , the truth we hold all the love our family brings , never cold . Pass the axe to the right into our eyes a greater light . We 
are one , we never die share the love , as we cry . MCL 
He's totally gay and she's totally a lesbian :) and yet they are together :) haha haha 
Ha she's definatly my cat :) picking up a knife and what not :) 
Agh ! Attack of the kitties :) i'm super excited to go to Branson ! 
Excited to go to Branson :) i'm so tired lol 
This first night in branson was stressful but Six was amazing :) thats a great rythem band 
This is driving me crazy . :( i don't know how much longer i can take it . Every single day . Over and over again . 
The next time you make a mistake it may be a good thing because without improfection neither me or you would exist 
Oh my god !!! My cat just caught on fire ! :( but she's okay :) 
You know i appreciate the finer things but its not what makes me happiest baby ( i can do without it babe ) your tender lovings more than i can handle neve 
r burn out this candle baby , baby 
Your my rockstar in between the sets , eyeliner and cigarettes 
I was reffered to some state person with a pagent thingy ? How cool :) i could do things i'm going to raise money for it so i can do it next year :) it'll 
Oh my god just remembered my cat catching on fire eeek that was scary 
I'm in the mood for some final fantasy :) 
There are many things i'd like to say to you , but i don't know how 
Show me your teeth 
Shallow waters in the heavens above , have no sympathy for the decaying heart 
I know all i see all i tell all ... For a price :) 
< PROPFIRST > is so cute :) i love my puppy ! 
Meowth that's right ;) 
My pokemon hugged me :) 
Milka i love milka 
Karate < PROPFEMALE > :) 
Its the peanuts guys ! 
Your a fat persons snack ! 
One pokemon i don't like ... Magicarp ... They are so annoying !!! 
EWWW the dog ate the skunk ! 
Eh eh nothing else i can say 
Some girls won't dance to the beat of the track , she won't walk away but she won't look back . She looks good but her boyfriend says she's a mess she's a 
mess yeah the girl is stressed 
We've got a red light , pornographic dance fight 
I'm so bored .. 
Baby now that were alone gotta request , would you make me number one on your playlist ? 
Deep scars in our hearts and minds of the lost soul in up all 
7 pies !!!! 
Aww < PROPMALE > is dreaming and barking faintly :) how cute i love dogs 
I wanna go back to sleep 
My stomach hurts so bad :( but that was some Nummy chocolate milk :) 
Another lonely night . Mom's at the bar and i'm stuck at home . :( looking pretty crapy so far 
Won't at least admit it . Why do they never admit it ? 
I heard her angel like voice . The recording of the best < PROPFEMALE > in the world 
I love lemon bars ! 
This is a top secret zone ... No peeking :) 
Pokemon :) 
You and me could write a bad romance 
Bring the violence !!! 
System of a down ! Fuck yeah ! :-D 
Great ! Mom's in the hospital :( 
I'm happy and yet got a lot of things on my mind . Hmmm :) whoo < PROPFEMALE > , pokemon and final fantasy :) go nerds !!! 
What can you do with a drunken hillbilly ? ... ;) 
Im safe up high nothing can touch me .. 
I bet you dint know i'm really a black man with mad b ball skills 
Gotta love Cloud :) so amazing 
< PROPFEMALE > Lavigne :) 
soooooooo Bored ! 
I'll paint the sky purple for you :) 
< PROPFEMALE > ' i have multiple personalluties ! Only one of us can talk right ' LMAO 
What are some < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne quotes ? 
\Why should I care what other people think of me ? I am who I am . And who I wanna be . \ " - < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne :) " 
Life is too short to settle , be unhappy , or not do the things you wanna do 
Love is a verb . You have to show you love each other , you have to do it . Verb , its what you do . 
Going to my first job 
Omg !! < PROPFEMALE > in wonderland ! Totally woke up at six to go buy it ! Excitement !!! XD 
Off to work :) 
Can't sleep :( and i have to get up and work at 8 
Be strong be strong now , too many too many problems , broken inside 
My mom is gonna pick her up 
I like you alot lot think your really hot hot XD i love that song 
I'm bored . Someone text me XD 
You and me could write a bad romance ! Want your bad romance !!! 
Wish i could shut my playboy mouth 
I <3 nerds :) 
He makes me smile XD 
Whats wrong with E.E. ? ( She dies ) < PROPFEMALE > ?! Talk to me !!! Lmao XD 
I wanna roll with him , a hot pair we will be , a little gambling is fun when your with me 
Was it something i did was it something you said ? 
When you look with your eyes everything seems nice but if you look twice you can see its all lies 
1 of my goals in life : meet < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne 
Spinnin round with mixed feelings , crazy and wild . Everythings changing out of what i know . 
Bored outta my mind . Cant sleep . Waiting for something exiting to happen . =) cant wait to see my nerd boy <3 <3 
OMG lady gaga XD can't wait ! Gonna try to go to her concert in august XD 
Tell me something that'll save me , i need a man that makes me feel alright 
Where are the hopes where are my dreams my < PROPFEMALE > story scene 
Pimp my pup ! 
I am as vain as i allow . I do my hair . I gloss my eyes . I touch myself all through the night . And when something falls out of place . I take my time . I put it back 
I don't wanna be the girl who has to fill the silence 
OMG ! I fell in love with a rat Terrier XD i want one 
That boy is a monster . He ate my heart . He ate my heart . 
Man ! I get goose bumps even if i just watch < PROPFEMALE > play live on youtube XD just wait til i go to one of her concerts XD i'll ball my eyes out XD my hero , < PROPFEMALE > 
Is worried about < PROPMALE > 
< PROPMALE > is doing better today :) i'm happy . I love my puppy 
In it for the fame 
Run run her kiss is a vampire grin the < PROPFEMALE > lights her way while she's howlin at him 
Okay you have ten seconds to tell the truth or you'll be set on fire ? 
Why wont facebook log me in on my fone but the computer it works just fine ???!!!!?!?!?!?!? >=( i dont even have a computer !!!! 
Love lady gaga XD 
< PROPFEMALE > Lavigne :) what more can i say about this beautiful goddess XD 
You cant have my couch !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Lavigne XD oh yeah 
Our hair is perfect while we're all getting shit wrecked , its automatic < PROPFEMALE > , but we got no money 
I've fallen so far away from the place i start from 
< PROPFEMALE > Aguilera is totally copying Lady Gaga !!! Its angers me ! She'll never be as good as her ! 
Show me your vamp 
Why are guys so lame ? :/ 
Simply spectacular 
So my dream last night was so awesome :) i wish it were real 
< PROPFEMALE > fan forever :) 
If you're diffedrent , embrace it . Don't be afraid to experiment with your fashion . If you want to do somethin different and go with a certain style or vibe- 
rock it ! Its good to be yourself . 
< PROPFEMALE > Lavigne XD 
Taint .. 
:) he's so sweet 
Live and let die 
Ug at work with a < PROPMALE > headache 
Faggot , a word harshly used all the time . In the bible meaning the gays are going to hell . Um .. See why i get offended ? 
November 17 !!! OMG OMG OMG !!! I cant freakin wait ! XD XD XD 
Guess who my favorite two singers are in the whole world ? XD 
< PROPFEMALE>'s mom : why are you doing that ? < PROPFEMALE > : because it's fun ! XD hahaha OMG ! She's so cute ! 
All we care about is runway models , Cadilacs and Liqour bottles 
is thinking ........ NOVEMBER 17th !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! XD XD XD 
Lets make a sandwich XD love Lady Gaga 
Herpes no fun ! Hey forcefeed cause nobody can hear you ! A sharp fight one and you better give up ! Buys paste there was the nast of all i stab my give backs ! 
I just love when people Fuck with my mind !!! Grr ... :/ 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne and lady gaga :) thank you for being there at Crappy times like this XD love you girls 
Gaga XD 
Tell me something that will save me i need a man who makes me all right . 
Going home :) i miss my baby < PROPFEMALE > . Those mornings were lonely without her running to greet me when i wake up :) she's so cute 
They did it with thier highly potent space jizz XD hahaha 
Lady gaga and < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne are amazing !!! XD 
All we care about , runway models , Cadilacs and Liqour bottles 
Lady gaga :) she's my hero XD her and < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne 
Final fantasy XD simply wonderful ! 
Ooooh ! Intense ! I'm playing final fantasy and Yuffie ( my < PROPFEMALE > ) is totally watching it XD 
Freakin Jenova's head !!! 
R.I.P. My baby < PROPMALE > ... My puppy sense i was 7 ;( 
Once upon a time ... 
My poor baby puppy Deago is missing his brother < PROPMALE > .. :( he's going through depression 
Home is where the ghetto's at XD 
I'm so bored someone text me ! 
I'll never find another dog like < PROPMALE > . He was the best . I want to remember the good times :) i love you < PROPMALE > ! R.I.P. 
I'm looking for love not an empty < PROPFEMALE > . Don't want no paper gangsta ! Not interested in fakers ! Someone who's got the flava ! Don't want no paper gangsta 
I hate it when i finally get to sleep and get a prank call then i can't get back to sleep . :/ WTF ?! I've been awake sense 12 and only got 20 < PROPFEMALE > . Of sleep :( 
Agh ! I wanna go to the mall again :) he's so cute 
I thought i heard his bark :/ 
I'm so confused ! 
The things you should've known ... You don't get me at all 
Damn !! Thats Fucking ridiculous !!! 
outta my mind and confused but good :) 
Why must things be so complicated ... I want your ugly i want your disease i want your everything as long as its free i want your love 
The rabbits are coming Horay Horay the rabbits are coming Horay Horay ! 
Whoo ! I lost 7.1 pounds !! XD 
Everything keeps going wrong ... I'm so sad :( why ? Its so stupid ! 
Going to Otep today :D 
Otep was amazing XD XD XD she waved and smiled at me !!! She has an adorable dog XD so cute ! Otep is so cute ! XD 
Pizza :D 
Just gave my hamster Mr. < PROPMALE > a bath XD he's so cute 
I'm sparkley XD 
She found a foot in my fridge .... And things got nuts ! LMAO 
Final fantasy < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne lady gaga and chicken :) life's good 
I am a robot 
Blitzball XD 
Copy this to your status and see what people rate you ... ( 1 ) ghetto ( 2 ) wish we wentout ( 3 ) talkative ( 4 ) sarcastic ( 5 ) loveable ( 6 ) crazy ( 7 ) i want you ( 8 ) spoiled ( 9 ) great person ( 10 ) wild ( 11 ) funny ( 12 ) beautiful ( 13 ) mature ( 14 ) i'd take u home to mom ( 15 ) wish i had your# ( 16 ) weird ( 17 ) honest ( 18 ) freak ( 19 ) slut 
Nirvana :) i loves it ! 
Sonic is good :) 
I'm so ugly , thats okay cause so are you 
Amber : i love this song ! Me : what is it ? Amber : i don't know . Me : ( confused look ) Amber : no ! Its the name of the song ! LMAO 
Why does everybody keep dying ? :( its so depressing ... R.I.P. < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > maslack , cousin < PROPFIRST > ... ;( you all are missed 
OMG ! New real non walmart shoes !!! XD 
Ranger < PROPMALE > is in love ! 
Going to funeral stuff today and ending saturday night . :/ not fun . R.i.p. < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . I love you . May you fly with angels in a world not forgotten . 
Pikachu ! :D 
Already drained from two of the four days of funeral stuff .. I hate disrespectful people . :/ no respect at all was shown today . 
Don't know what to do 
Miley totally copied < PROPFEMALE > ! :( not cool 
Nyer 
Tell me somethin that'll save me , i need a man who makes me alright 
Ooh sexy mama ! ;) 
See that thing thats not clothing ? Make it clothing !!! 
Love can touch just one time but last for a life time :) looking for a special someone 
Like chewing on pearls 
Not interested in fakers :) 
I am as vain as i allow 
You are the only exeption <3 
answered a question on Friend Facts™ 
Who wants to come with me and hide in the sky ? <3 
<3 what can i say ? :) your beautiful and you don't even know it 
< PROPMALE > Saves <3 Music is my life 
Eeyore :) 
You know that i want you . And you know that i need you , i want it bad , bad romance 
Look at all these posers bite a swagger like a great white 
im trying to lure evil into my world ..... >:) 
Ooooh boy !!!! :P 
Lady Gaga and < PROPFEMALE > Manson !!!!! That remix was INSANE !!!!! :) <3 
Fucking prick ! You are such an asshole ... Don't know how to treat a lady . :( 
Boy you better learn ... 
My puppies are so cute !!! Otep and Luca :) 
So happy i could die 
Deago approves of the new puppies :) 
Anybody want a dog ? He needs a home with lots of attention very sweet message me if interested 
I'm so stressed ... Ugh ! Stupid water and cat and everything ! :/ miserable ... Glad to see my brother today :) 
Nothings going right , and everythings a mess 
This has been the worse summer of my life ! Bring it on ! What else is gonna go wrong ?! Who else is gonna be a jerk ?! I'll be strong ! I'll get by . 
I need < PROPMALE > so much right now ... 
I found myself in wonderland 
I'm more than just an option , refuse to be forgotten <3 
Is lonely 
If only you could imagine what i do . Maybe you'd understand and see things a different way . 
I really don't want school to start tomorrow :( i'm not ready for that shit 
Fucking ridiculous !! My mom told me to go to school today and guess what ?!? Its just for the freshmen ! Ug ! Fml ... 
School tomorrow :( so lame . Confused about some things ... Fuck ! 
If you can afford me :) 
Tomorrows a new day 
Please someone save me , take me away and treat me well . Be a good man with your romantic spell . 
Beautiful and dirty dirty < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > beautiful and dirty < PROPMALE > 
Oh my god ! < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne ! XD 
All i wanted was you <3 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Grandma \this is it ladies . \ " Me \ " Thats what Miceal < PROPMALE > said . And aparently it really was IT ! \ " LMAO " 
I won't give in to that hunger burning deep inside me . I'll never be . 
Facking hell !!! 
Ich Langweile meich 
Ich habe hunger ! :) 
Tanz partie !!! XD 
Ich kann es nichet ... 
Ich vermisse dich 
I love that lavender blonde , the way she walks the way she moves ... <3 
Cute but dangerous . One wrong move could be the end of things .... 
Breakable breakable boys and girls . 
unclean , Filthee i can't get his scent off of me 
So contagious :) 
Don't call someone a faggot , thats degrading to other homosexuals . Besides the broad before you might happen be a faggot 
I sure as hell could use somebody , i'm lonely i could use a homie 
It filters through 
Yummy chicken noodle soup :) 
Covering up the crime is only the second step .. 
Haus of gaga 
Got sick at school , i'm bored might go back to sleep if i can 
Someday we'll meet once again , on the rainbow bridge . 
Geez .. 
No one has to know , this is a private show 
Gay pride !!! Taste the fuckin rainbow !!! :P 
Damn the lightning hit right outside ... Scarey shit ... i thought a bomb went off . :P it was fucking awesome !!!! 
Vma's XD 
YAY go Gaga XD won the best female artist video award :D love you mother monster ! We're the cool kids at the party :D 
Gotta get up get up and .... Fight back ! 
YAY hair cut soon ! XD 
Agh ! My hair is so light and fluffy and pretty ! :D 
When am i gonna leave this town . Its tearing me apart . Im trapped in a world different than mine . 
Just call me wicked ... ;) 
Why did the blonde jump off the building ?...... To see if the maxi pad had wings . Hahaha 
Got to see my babies today . :) so happy . And i swear i heard < PROPMALE>'s bark . It was just like it :) 
I'm breakin dishes off yo head all night ... I won't stop until i see police lights ... 
Thank you all 4 birthday wishes :D 
Playin pokemon :) 
I'm bored someone text me :) 
We like boys in cars ... Buy us drinks in bars 
I hate those really good nights ... Then something really bad happens right at the end .. ;( 
So bored ... Lol 
Get it together now 
Running in squares , here i go again lol 
Fall back , take a look at me and you'll see , i'm fo ' real . I feel what only i can feel and if that don't appeal to you let me know and i'll go . 
Could we fix you if you broke ? 
I want your love and i want your revenge 
Take off all your preppy clothes ... You look like a fool to me ... :D love that song 
Thinking of him <3 
Don't feel to good :/ 
I miss the old < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > :( she's different now ... What happened ? What happened to the < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > i looked up to ? 
I don't know . You tell me ! 
Shouldn't we send home the straight soldier who hates the gay soldier ? -Gaga 
Will this ever end ? I still don't feel good :( :( 
Awe wolves and bears playing together :) 
< PROPMALE > ... My best friend 
Freak out 
And now im blind , i can not find , the heart i gave to you 
cant be too careful 
Hope is the best medicine around 
Ima be a < PROPFEMALE > :} 
< PROPFEMALE > is annoying lol 
I'm gonna exercise more 
Haha that makes me laugh :D 
Bring it on 
Attack of the wolves 
School is boring :/ 
Is bored . Someone text me :) 
<3 and you take me the way i am :} 
Cant sleep . Tomorrow is Friday . Nothin to do this weekend . Lame lol ! :} 
up until now i had sworn to myself that im contint with loneliness , cause non of it was worth the risk , but you are the only exeption ... 
We shall not speak in silence- Dalaney 
So you say its not okay to be gay , well i think your evil . Fuck you ! Fuck you very very much ! :) 
Lost with words 
You say reach for the stars , all i can grab is air 
Hold me and love me <3 
Waiting for the perfect moment :) 
< PROPFEMALE > Lavigne is simply amazing ... 
<3 thinking of you 
Going crazy 
Nightmares become realities 
I am extreamly happy :} i miss him already 
So happy :} 
Awe i miss you boy ^_^ 
I am so happy she approves of him now . :} im so happy ! I miss you !! <3 
I do not feel good . Im goin back into a deep slumber . :} see you all friday at school lol 
:} excited for the weekend 
Got to see Mikey today :D hehe 
Mmm hot chocolate :D 
:} i is happy 
Not looking forward for tomorrow . I hate Mondays 
You make me feel so special :) the way you look into my eyes . The way you hold me :) i miss you 
My throat is killing me today :/ i need to go to the doctor 
Let's make a sandwich :D 
I am so happy :D i have amazing friends i love you < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > :) you guys are wonderfull ! And i have a great boyfriend ! :D i miss you all ! 
You never relize how good you feel until you feel bad ... 
Who knows what could happen , do what you do just keep on laughin :} 
I'm not feeling all that great still . But i'm happy to have < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > is my best friends :) and < PROPFIRST > is amazing :D i love you all 
I'm freaking out 
I'm so upset ... 
I am as vain as i allow . I do my hair , i gloss my eyes , i touch myself all through the night 
<3 you make me smile 
Had so much fun with you this weekend :D i love you 
Just Fucking great :/ 
:{ i is sad and upset ... 
Agggg !!!! That < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Poster !!!! Grr .... Lmao < PROPFEMALE > aniston is wayyyy better ! <3 :D 
< PROPFEMALE > Michaelson is amazing :D 
Cause i love the way you call me baby , and you take me the way i am 
She comes out at night , when the < PROPFEMALE>'s filled up and your eyes are bright , and i think i simply outta fall over board . Just so you can catch me 
Look beyond what you see 
I want Doritos or something ! 
Can't wait to eat solid foods again . All this ice cream is makin me fat lol ! 
Our eyes met but you saw right threw me .. 
You are as silly as you are mine <3 
I am so awesome with my people skills , advice and awesome talents of what to say :D i help so many people out 
Your amazing <3 
XD oh my god ! < PROPFEMALE > LAVIGNE ! XD she's so awesome !!! 
Forever in your heart , forever we make the part <3 
I hurt so bad ! Ug ... Having my wisdom teeth cut out sucks .. :/ 
And this is where everything slowly fades away .. 
Once opon a time from the mind of your loneliness 
I am a traitor of myself . 
I'm a sinner of this system . 
:D oh yeah ! Had chicken strips for the first time in a while sense my surgery ! :D 
This is my world of chaos 
< PROPFEMALE > Lavigne , lady Gaga , Otep , < PROPFEMALE > Michaelson ... My favorite artists but each are so very different from each other lol ! 
Ich liebe dich 
I'm in a constant Russian Roulette 
Caught between two different worlds and my own 
I hate it when a guy doesn't understand why a certain time a month i don't wanna hold his hand .. 
I'm gonna beat you potato !! I'm gonna eat you ! Get back here ! - < PROPFIRST > 
< PROPFEMALE > Lavigne <3 fan forever 
Goodbye lullaby <3 
Just gonna stand there and watch me burn 
Nobody wants to < PROPFEMALE > out :( :( 
Does anybody wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? I'm sooo bored ! 
Come on rude boy .. 
You can see my heart beating . You can see it threw my chest . I'm terrified , but i'm not leaving .. Know that i must past this test . 
He is so special :) i love him <3 
When the world turns grey and rainy . You bring the sun out and and make my world bright and loving ..... After the rain , the rainbow .. <3 :) 
Want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world ! Like i'm the only one that you'll ever love ! <3 
I am a hopeless romantic <3 
Had an amazing day :) 
I love the song love the way you lie part 2 but eminem sucks ! I don't like that part ... Lol ! Rihana is awesome :) <3 
I am very happy :D 
On the first < PROPFEMALE > ..... of our story ... 
Forever forget this quiet soul . In our minds we lost control . Caress the inner heart . In her mind we fall apart . 
Russian Roulette is not the same without a gun 
life sucks ......... 
i might cry .... lol 
The dead dance all around me 
I love you boy ! :) <3 
I finally am happy ... And there it goes ... ;( 
Ich Hasse Dich :P 
Would you comfort me ?.... Would you cry with me ? 
Feeling kinda weird . Lol 
Ug ... I hate bein yelled at .. My mind is so sensitive right now ... 
God damn ... My mom keeps making me cry ... For nothing 
My mind is blowin up with rage . My heart is breaking , i'm locked in this cage . can't escape cause i'm feelin lost . Can't escape with my feelins tossed-Dalaney 
Oh < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! :P 
Keep ze monkeys away from my handz !! 
Jesus , is that you ?!? 
You can't go on pretending that a certain someone doesn't mean everything to you . 
Your eyes are bright . The < PROPFEMALE > is full in the dead of night . This you should know , that i love you so . <3 - laney 
I feel the beat in my soul . The sound makes me lose control . Its in my heart . Its in my heart . My love is pure . My only cure . 
Unsere Herzen sind zerbrechlich <3 
I'm having another bad day ... Tryin to stay positive . You mean so much to me :) ... I love you boy 
3-8-11 ... I'm waiting < PROPFEMALE > ... Your my hero . save my life once again <3 
Wird fortgesetzt ... 
Excited XD goodbye lullaby XD 
Mr. Miller is a bad teacher . I am gonna try to transfer outta that class . I have never stressed out this much over school work .. Lol 
#713 you were my best friend and i miss the old days . You beautiful and a crazy friend :P 
Sooo im bored ! lol :) 
I want you to love me , like i'm a hot guy . XD 
Your soul will perish in the firepit of the underworld ... :P 
Want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world . Like i'm the only one that you'll ever love . Like i'm the only one who knows your heart . <3 <3 
You held my hand and walked me home , i know , why you gave me a kiss or its somethin like this that made me go ' oh oh ' :) 
Ich vermisse dich . Die kunst der verftuhrung . 
My world of chaos 
Oh oh christmas my christmas tree's delicious :P 
Deal with your own creation 
Let's make a sammich :D 
Hoe hoe hoe , under the mistletoe . Cause everybody knows we will take off our clothes . ;) 
Your phsycopathic world becomes a world of hate in the mind of our loneliness . We are in a world of fire . 
Humiliation while sufficating 
Confused i am . You lied .. I hate this .. I see the truth . Why couldn't you tell me the truth ..? Thanks .. 
I read the truth . Your feelings cannot hide with words in plain sight . Your acting . What good does that do for you ? 
Tonight was fun , although the high heels hurt my feet and i almost fell lol ! Something was missing though . 
I never have family or anything go to my chior concerts . My mom never goes or anything . Not cool .. 
< PROPFEMALE > Lavigne One Of Top 10 Most Googliaale Women in 2010 :D probably cause of me LMAO ! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > boom boom 
Yummy :) my fortune is hershey's :D 
Lesson : DON'T LIE TO OPRAH ! 
I wanna have that one day where everythings about me . I want to walk into the room and have people say , \isn't she beautiful \"" 
Baby there's no other superstar you know that i'll be :P 
I am the goddess of crafts , wisdom and war 
Step back to yo favorite place , grab a chair . Over there is the world with a brand new face .... - Dalaney 
Would you make me number one on your playllist ? :) 
I wish i was afraid of suicide , long before i died 
Gorgeous delirious shadow with a very repulsive picture to manipulate the frantic goddess 
Sing with power my dear . Worship with lust and strike me with pain . The aftermath left the sky purple . Whisper through the wind with a quiet symphony . 
Stupid rumors bout < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne . She dint die . Stupid stupid stupid ! 
I can't sleep . I'm sick . And keep throwing up . :( 
I want you to tell me those three words .. 
This is my new london fire . My nightmare . 
.... Well ? 
I don't wanna be the girl who has to fill the silence ... The quiet scares me because it speaks the truth . 
i hate subtitles ! I can't read when i'm trying to see things ! :) lol 
I text you because i miss you and when i don't text you i'm waiting for you to miss me <3 
Hell yeah ! I can do anything if i keep my mind to it :D 
Sepiroth , have you lost weight ? 
Hit cha in the back of the head , with a crowe bar :) 
Fuck this .. 
All my life i been good but now , i'm thinkin what the hell ! ... :P 
Shall i give you despair ? 
Okay , i'm kinda freaked out about the whole thing about the world is gonna end 2012 and fish and birds randomly dying ... Ag !!! 
In this California < PROPMALE > bed , we're ten thousand < PROPMALE > apart . 
Are we distancing from each other ? 
Does anyone have an extra t mobile phone ? MY screen cracked and i need a different one :/ lol 
I need a phone :( :( 
You Romantisize your world . This is one last step you take , your heart and soul . we will never be the same . Let's die romantic . .... By Dalaney 
I'm so sorry that i'm so stale 
It will never be the same . All i do is live in shame 
Hopeless romantic .. 
I'm a < PROPFEMALE > cat and i dance dance dance and i dance dance dance dance 
Why should i care ? Cause you weren't there when i was scared and i was so alone . :) < PROPFEMALE > 
You held my hand and walked me home , i know why you gave me that kiss or its something like this that made me go oh oh :) 
Should i dye my hair more blonde ? XD it'd be cool . I need opinions !! 
Should i dye my hair more blonde ? Anyone got opinions ? XD 
Does your pretty face see what he's worth :P 
Your on your knees beggin please , stay with me ! But honestly i just need to be a little crazy ! :D 
I can't stop , cause i'm havin too much fun :P 
Take me by the hand , take me some where new .. 
And i wanna beleive you , when you tell me that it'll be okay . Yeah i try to beleive you . But i don't . 
Silicone . Saline . Poison . Inject me . 
Imagine 
Soooo , let's build a snowman and make him are best friend . We can name him < PROPMALE > or we can name him < PROPFIRST > . We can make him tall or we can make him not so tall :) 
I may be burning down in flames but you'll burn with me ! 
I'm cuddly bitch , deal with it ! :) 
Metal gear ! :P 
I just wanna scream and lose control ! 
You and your stupid kkk slumber parties !! 
Listen ! There is no fucking ice cream in your fucking future ! :) 
Eeeeeeeeek !!!! :D i'm so happy !!! 
You know who annoys me ? < PROPFEMALE > ! God ! She's a Gaga wanna be . Lady Gaga is so much better . 
Ich bin mir absolut klar . Ich trag den namen Monster . 
Half psychotic sick hypnotic 
Watching this stupid movie ... Ug ! Lol its worth it :D < PROPFEMALE > is worth it 
fucking worth it XD and i adored it hehe 
Sideaffects could include we'll scare the life right out of you !! 
I'm rejecting my reflection , cause i hate the way it judges me 
You all laugh at me because i'm different . I laugh at you because your all the same . 
lol figures 
Your so lovely when you cry . Your so perfect when you lie 
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter . - Dr. < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Jr. 
I feel like i'm growing up too fast . 
Do you know the feeling when your heart is so hurt , that you can feel the blood dripping . -lady gaga 
I bring people good luck and i'm magically delicious XD i'm your lucky charm 
im cudly bitch , deal with it ! :) 
I hate being the one who has to do things first .. I'm losing you . Its your turn 
If you dint wanna get carjacked then you shouldn't of bought a car 
I'm the best damn thing that your eyes have ever seen :P 
I like you alot lot , think your really hot hot :) boys boys boys . We like boys in cars , buy us drinks in bars :) 
I'm looking for love not an empty < PROPFEMALE > . Don't want no paper gangster :) 
Would you comfort me ? 
your so obvious . Your so oblivious :P . So don't apologize . you don't even realize 
And hell yeah , i'm the mother fucking < PROPFEMALE > ! :P 
You taste just like glitter mixed with rock n roll ;) 
I am bored 
Gonna eat soup and try to get better :( needing to snuggle :) and watch a movie 
Promise i'll be kind :P but i won't stop until that boy is mine 
She's out back counting stars 
Don't dream it . Be it 
I'm begging for affection 
challenge yourself . be a beleiver . :) the skys the limit 
Don't try and test me cause you'll get a reaction . Another drink and i'm ready for action . 
Dare to discover 
I am depressed :( 
don't get me wrong , i just need some time to play . your on your knees beggin please , stay with me ! but honestly i just need to be a little crazy :D i'm just thinkin what the hell 
:D Cloud Strife 
Lady Gaga is so funny :D i love her 
Don't feel good . :( don't wanna get up for school 
Off to bed 
Yuffie is a badass :) 
How can i catch up if i don't want to ? 
i would like to sleep ... but i can't :( 
:) 
I'm a dinosaur :3 Rawr 
< PROPMALE > ... Your my < PROPFIRST > always and forever :) 
Eh eh there's nothin else i can say ... :) 
Love is so blinding . Its sad but funny , how it changes a person . 
Ima take a walk :) 
That was fun :) lol 
Be my friend ! :D 
Boring weekend !! Lol ! 
My god ! That pisses me off ! 
Pizza time :) all the time 
I just didn't want to wear clothes today for whatever reason :) 
We are all born superstars- lady gaga 
I'm born a super < PROPFEMALE > . You'll see :) 
Chihuahua warriors :) paws up 
Tell me something that will save me , i need a man that makes me alright 
Do you know what you need ? An AK47 , it'll take care of the problem-lady gaga ;) 
I'm more blonde ! :D 
maybe , i'll be yours You'll be mine :) 
remember me :) 
Damn it ! 
:) oh yeah . Things are looking up .... Slowly :) 
Want something new to happen or do . :) 
This is stupid ... I might cry 
Lame .. I need a hug . And something fun to do ... 
Be very very good to me :P me i'm a scene , i'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . I'm the best damn thing that your eyes have ever seen :D 
Boys like you love me forever :) 
Does anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out ? :) need something fun to do !! 
Anybody ?! Wanna < PROPFEMALE > out with me and < PROPFEMALE > ? :) 
Ah unnecessary distrust and confrontation of people ... Can't every one just be friends :) 
< PROPFEMALE > me today , guess i'm wishin my life away . With these things i'll never say 
Is that too much that i'm asking for ? 
Kiss me gently . Always i know . Hold me , Love me , Don't ever go 
Don't get me wrong , I just need some time to play :P 
This life is like a game sometimes 
< PROPFEMALE > Germanotta :) 
Does anyone wanna < PROPFEMALE > out tomorrow ?! My days off have been boring so far ! 
Your gonna like the way you look , i garantee it :) 
Ug is another saturday gonna be wasted ? :/ 
Bored ! :) 
Agh ! Your gonna get foot herpes ! 
My best friend means the world to me :) 
Guys can be such liars ! 
In just 7 days , i can make you a man :) 
had fun with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > today :) 
Agh ! Just got hit on by a creeper ! 
I need something to do ... Like badly ! :/ anyone want to < PROPFEMALE > out ? :) 
Die romantic 
Imagine there's no Heaven 
Sex , drugs and rock n roll :P lol 
I'm so bored 
Want you to love me , like i'm a hot guy :P 
Someone text me ! :) i is bored 
Pizza time :D is all the time !! 
I better find your heart 
Its all about being at the right place at the right time . Well when am i going to be at the right place ? 
Don't be a drag be a < PROPFEMALE > :) 
God my stomach hurts so bad .. :'/ 
my stomach problem is driving me crazy . it hurts so bad .. :( i don't wanna go to the hospital .. 
I need to stop being sick 
How does it feel , to be different from me ? 
I don't like mean people . And i don't like being accused of lying . Being yelled at when i dint do anything wrong .. 
You , you may say i'm a dreamer . But i'm not the only one . I hope someday you'll join us . And the world will be as one .. 
I have no idea what you just , said but it was funny ! :D 
Ladies don't worry cause we got plenty more . They fallin like the rain so we aint runnin out . Oh its raining men girl what you worried bout ? :P 
A crazy house , with my white jacket on . Won't you come and sign me out ? :P 
oh , so surreal 
' Why's that matter ? I'm adopted . ' ' WHAT ?! OH MY GOD ! WHO TOLD YOU ?!? ' hahaha :D cracks me up ! 
A is for awesome :D 
The silence of the goats 
silicone , saline , poison , inject me 
Hannibal the cannibal 
Don't cloud burst and drive ! :P 
Fuck ! 
Lookin for love not an empty < PROPFEMALE > 
text me if ya wanna talk :P 
jesus christ walks into a hotel . he hands the hotel guy 3 nails , and he asks , will you put me up for tonight ? 
Final fantasy :D 
Just put your paws up :) 
:P hehe 
I'm just a goof looking for my ball :D 
Someone from vegas tried to hack on to my account :/ 
If you like someone and don't have any history with them , make history 
Want you to make me feel like i'm the only girl in the world :) 
Anything but ordinary :) 
Had fun tonight :P < PROPFEMALE > is fun . Glad < PROPFEMALE > got to see her sister finally ! 
Love is the closest thing we have to magic :) 
At first everything looks nice , but if you look twice , you can see its all lies 
:/ 
Tell me something that'll save me , need a man that makes me all right 
My martini glistens yeah ! While checken out other guys :P 
I want someone to hold me . Make me feel loved . Make me feel special . I want someone to love me 
:/ its hard to find love 
' Maybe someday , i'll be yours you'll be mine ' 
We were given two hands to hold , two eyes to see , two legs to walk , two ears to hear . But why only one heart ? To find the other person to give it too . 
Maybe i'm a little crazy :P 
Got a book i wanted for awhile XD Mein Kampf !!! 
Dating ? My complete lack to lure shot that horse in the face . 
Im starting to think its not worth it anymore .... I'm not worth it . 
I wanna hold your hand :) 
Why is sex called sleeping with ? Your not actually sleeping . In fact your doing the opposite . 
All i ever wanted was for you to know , everything i do i give my heart and soul 
You held my and and walked me home , i know , why you gave me a that kiss or its something like this that made me go oh oh 
try to to tell me what i shouldn't do . you should know by now , i won't listen to you . walk around with my hands , up in the air . cause i don't care . i'm alright i'm fine , just freak out let it go ! :D <3 
Where are the hopes where are my dreams ? My < PROPFEMALE > story scene ! 
I thirsty ! :) 
Walked by someones house , in the window was a fat naked man eating a sammich ... Awesome 
You will always be my black < PROPFEMALE > 
Bath time for the pups :) 
You can take , my breath away 
Ooh i don't feel good :/ 
The reason i love you is you , being you , just you . :) 
< PROPMALE > crimes 
And as the time goes by i hope you realize , if you ask me to , i just might be with you 
This really sucks .. 
I feel like bleh .. 
M33P ! 
P . < PROPMALE > 42 wallaby way . < PROPFIRST > 
Don't abuse your animals or neglect then . If you can't take care of them , you shouldn't have them . Please call the police if an animal is being treated this way 
I feel wrong . 
Everybody hurts some days .. 
Today is gonna be another bad day . I can just tell 
What is it with you that makes me act like this ? I never been this nasty . But baby i don't mean it , i mean it 
Keep holding on , cause you know we'll make it threw , we'll make it threw 
Sooo i'm nothing . You take something from me and now you disapear- kitte 
Sun doesn't rise at all . Who knows how far i'll fall-shroomhead 
Bleh 
I feel awful :( 
fuck the pain away ... Fuck the pain away 
:( its just not right ... I don't wanna be alone . 
Things will never be the same 
If i hold you , just for today . I'm not gonna wanna let go .... :( . I can't stand to here you say goodbye 
I don't wanna look back . Cause we have something the past could never change ..... :( . Don't let me go cause you have my soul 
Cause i'm 4 real are you 4 real ? I can't help myself its the way i feel .... 
Your always on my mind ... I talk about you all the time . 
This Feelings i can't take no more . This emptiness in the bottom drawer . Its getting harder to pretend . 
Ouch .... Just got told i was ugly . :( :( 
Gay pride :) love who you wanna love 
< PROPMALE > oh < PROPMALE > ! Where < PROPMALE > thou ? 
sit and watch me burn ! xP 
^-^ I love you 
Wish i could be one of the cool kids 
is lonely . 
I'm the type of person who falls for personality . Idc if your boy , girl , black , white , asian , gangster , punk , sporty , < PROPMALE > or poor , Saying the 3 words I mean it 
Darkness has pushed threw my vains again 
Lmao my dog just meowed . What the hell ? XD 
I is kinda bored and lonely :/ 
Hey , do you feel ? Do you feel me ? Do you feel what i feel ? Do you need ? Do you need me ? 
Rocko's modern life :) 
Glad its friday 
Ah ! my sqweeile spooch ! :/ 
< PROPFEMALE > the bastard , < PROPFEMALE > him high ! Hoist his body to the sky . :D 
Go away ! We're closed ! Lmao ! :D 
I feel sick . :( 
I love my cat :) always lays with me when i don't feel good 
I love my best friend :) she gonna be with me when i get surgery 
Going to the hospital . Wish me luck :/ 
Everybody hurts somedays . Its okay to be afraid . 
Damn ! Damn ! Damn ! What i'd to to have you here . I wish you were here . 
wish i had my own computer 
Taint 
happy birthday Gaga <3 
Aw why does my neighbor get two big dogs . :( not fair . Me wants the < PROPMALE > shepherd ! 
Oh my god ! < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne :D 
find me somebody to love :3 
I hurt sooo bad .. 
Owwy :( 
meh .. 
If you ask me to , i just might be with you :) 
My mind playin tricks on me 
:{ cant move . 
Figures :/ 
Its the heart against the brain .. 
doghouse .. 
I don't understand why my world is falling apart . stiching it back together is all i ever do . 
Feels rejected , Lonely , scared and lost . 
If you wake up tomorrow without me , would you be better off ? 
Every story worth telling begins with < PROPFEMALE > and I . Your my best friend . 
And yet i wonder , if your slipping from my fingers . 
Tuesday is < PROPFEMALE > far away ;( 
This is were nightmares become realities ... 
I'm your terror . I'm your nightmare . 
here lately keeps getting worse and worse . 
Sometimes i just want to never wake up .. Like now 
I can't handle this anymore .. I can't wait til i leave this town . It can be so lonely 
I've made up my mind . Its your turn to step up now . 
I think i'm in trouble ... 
This is the worst feeling of my life .. 
Realizes i'm not a bad person . :D i can do this . Kick my depression with my brother , mom and best friend < PROPFEMALE > by my side . ' they ' just need time to think . 
I can do bad all by myself xP 
I like this movie :) i don't need no one to put me down , to make me frown just makes me look older . I'll worry about me . You worry about you . 
You cannot help anybody when your lost . You need somebody to care about you to tell you your worth it :) 
I'll just stay positive :) 
Nervous about surgery . Wish me luck :) 
I am cupid , god of love . I come from the stars above :) 
touch my light sabor < PROPMALE > XD haha 
Love is a game . Games should be fun . 
I need a job . Save up for a canon camera . :) and computer , and born this way :D 
Maybe just maybe :) 
Oh no ! I got a fever ! O.o 
I will make my own < PROPFEMALE > :) 
The more you drink the better i look :P 
Wish i had a computer to watch gaga television :/ 
Maybe i'm just ... Pure evil hehehe 
Pain is a game we all gotta play . But why am i still in over time ? 
Dumb like a moose :D 
Just want you to know i love you for being you :) 
She's jealous . This has nothing to do with jelly !! :D haha 
Love Lady Gaga ! And < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne ! <3 my heros 
You gonna make Biscuts ? You gonna make Biscuts ?! Youuu gonna make BISCUTS ?!? :D 
Frail human organs !!! 
Baby i was born this way :D 
Maybe you needa find something to make you happy , i'm just not that something 
:/ bored and kinda needing to sociallize 
Hey whats your name ? ' momma ' hey ! Thats my mom's name too :D 
Everythings changing everywhere i go all outta my control .. 
Why is it that the only people talking to me now are perverts ? 
I'm feeling kinda low :( 
Fml ... 
When i said i wanted to miss you i dint say i wanted to nearly destroy are friendship ... 
I don't need no one to bring me down , can't get no lower . I can do bad all by myself 
I can't pretend to be something that i'm not . And i won't wear a mask . I just can't play a part . 
Ug . I feel sick . :( i'm gonna go back to bed 
Ug 
Shower felt good . But i still don't :/ 
My hero :) < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne . She's amazing ! 
I'll always be here for you , always . 
< PROPFEMALE>'s music makes everything better :D 
These feelings i can't take no more . This emptiness in the bottom drawer . - < PROPFEMALE > :) is simply bliss 
It's a waste of my time lately and i'm runnin outta words :) 
I don't give a damn bout my bad reputation :P 
I do everything better with music . Its dumb we can't listen during school . 
I don't care if you think i'm strange :P i'm not gonna change 
Please say there's no regrets . Please say you won't forget . 
Can't bring me down ! :D i'm in a good mood and you can't stop me now ! 
I feel sorry for you . I really do . Stop pushing me away . 
Its time for you to come back . I miss the old you . The true you . 
< PROPFEMALE > go round . < PROPFEMALE > go round . Why do i keep hitting the ground ? -me 
Of course not .. :( 
If you don't like me for who i am , well then you don't like me for who i am , but all your gonna get is who i am . 
Through thick and thin ... 
Hahahaha surf nazis 
Just woke up . I feel horrible 
I hate when people dis on < PROPFEMALE > Lavigne -.- she's amazing ! :D don't call her a sleeve .... 
sleeze i meant lol ! 
My house was egged last night O.o 
I don't need no one to bring me down , i'm on the ground . Can't get no lower 
Do you beleive in < PROPFEMALE > ? i used too ... 
Things aren't the same and i'm ready for change 
You'll always be my hero . Even though you lost your mind ... 
Really considering online schooling next year , maybe math would be easier i hope 
I don't know what i'd do without my cat . :) i love Yuffie so much 
think i have a new hero :D 
I'ma do whatever it takes to turn this around . :) 
Wow ! My horoscope is 100 percent true ! Freaky .. 
Gonna get ice cream :) ice cream makes everything better ! Thanks < PROPFIRST > ! 
Whatever it takes :) 
You're enjoying this , aren't you ? 
This exactly what happened last time , and its not what WE deserve . 
Horoscope today- loved ones must be givin the space to be themselves . You need breathing room too . Its good to be joined at the heart . Not at the hip .. :) 
I'm hoping this is a short thing ! :D day 9and14 of my 30 day things are so true ! 
we keep puttin salt on these wounds . it hurts , but in the end they will heal . <3 
so this is me ... not giving up . trying to make things right . <3 
Realizing sumting !!! i must tell you when your ready ! your amazing and i love you :D 
Have to meet the surgeon tomorrow ... 
I can't wait :) 
I can't help myself its the way i feel . :) 
When my worlds crashing down , when i fall and hit the ground , i will turn myself around . You can't get in my way ! :) 
Do you beleive in miricles ? I do , lets make one happen .. <3 
i think about the little things that make life great <3 
She's jealous ... This has NOTHING to do with jelly !!! :o Hahaha :) cracks me up ! 
I'm nervous . 
I wish my best friend was here .. I may not be hers but she is still mine ... I miss you terribly 
My sickness made me lose 7 pounds 
What kills me is that i hurt you this way . The worst part is that i dint even know 
I'd give you my soul but i already sold it . 
There are somethings you have to learn , things i have to learn . But you shouldn't of gave up so early . We have yet to find ourselves . I can't figure this out . 
Okay , so Monday is my surgery day ... I'm scared . And wish someone important to me would be there . I mean there will be , but i mean a certain someone .. 
The things i do for the people i love ... 
If i could have one more day with either you or < PROPMALE > ... I'd chose you ... Honest . 
we are all pink on the inside <3 
I'd do anything for you 
Been having nightmares ... Alot :( 
I can't give up .... Thats the one thing you ever asked of me ... to never give up ... 
I've fallen so far from the place i start from 
More nightmares ... 
Your stuck on the idea i'm a horrible person . Its time for you to listen to me . I know when you get an idea in your head , its hard to get it out ... 
What the Hell :D 
La La Lalalala La La Lalalala La :P 
Moments like these are priceless <3 :3 
Everyones gonna say what they wanna say ! Never gets better anyway :P 
The chickens are treated so well :P they lay their eggs to the sound of music 
I got my own black cloud :P 
I learned that i can grow :D but i guess , you just don't wanna know . 
He makes me smile :) 
Realizing why i went psycho . Stopping my meds ruined everything . Gah 
I am sancho ! :P 
im sooo lost . ready to move away ... 
See where the truth has gotten me ? Damn . 
Wow ! 
There is Hope !!! :DDD <3 gonna get my ging back !!!!! 
She's amazing ! This is the first step to recovory ! im so proud ! <3 
:3 had fun with my friend today 
Man my squidile spooch hurts ! 
I never have been and i never shall be 
after all , i am my own harshest cridict 
No matter how far away we are , we're thinking about eachother 
Maybe its not what it seems anymore . Have i lost my mind ? Is this where my nightmare becomes a reality ? 
People gonna do what the hell they want anyways ... 
That voice in my head . Well it sure as hell wants me dead . That voice in my heart won't even start . 
One last breath 
idk ... i dont feel right , in more ways than one 
Some girls should come with a warning with a small dose of penicillin for the sting in the morning 
Haha this guy cracks me up ! Did i ever tell you i was struck by lighting 7 times ? Once when i was walking my dog 
Some things you never forget 
Some people were born more fortunate than others . But even a palace can be a prison . 
Teach me , so i not wish to think 
Spagetti :3 
Your lips give my thy urge . Give me my sin again . 
feels sad , sick , and wrong . but cheerful thoughts , i try to have 
A reminder from my past . Reminds me of when i needed help . 
I don't know whats going on ! Some whore attacked some other whore ! xD Bahaha 
:( 
I needs something to do today :/ 
I'm not sure this is snoop . It could be one eyed pea or 38cents . :D Bahaha 
Freak out let it go ! Already freaked , now time to let it go :) 
I'm having a good day :) 
Sleepy ! Tomorrow is my surgery :( 
I'm not sure you know . But the reason i love you is you , being you . Just you . :3 
Bleh .. 
Had a nightmare last night . Woke up gasping . 
So i'm hurt ... And scared . 
I hate crying .... 
This hurts so bad right now .... 
Scariest day of my life tomorrow . I just wanted you to be here . Thats low . 
I guess i'm not that important to you anymore . 
I'm gonna be your number one :) 
Hope things go ok tomorrow . And i see you :3 that'd make things better . I'm terrified . 
I'm done trying . I'm not giving up but i'm not gonna even try . 
Today is the day . Getting ready to go soon . 
Thank you to those who wish me luck this morning . It means alot to me . I'm so nervous . 
What a tiring day 
But i guess , you just don't wanna know . 
Okay then 
Can't even walk to the damn bathroom myself . It hurts . I don't like this . Worse pain ever ... 
And yet i wonder ... What went wrong ? I see now . 
My feelings are hurt . But i guess its time . 
If you really don't care i'll pack my shit and leave 
Guess this is you saying goodbye 
You never realize how good you feel until you feel bad 
Just know that i love you 
If this is the end , i'd like to know . But its been kinda harsh . I'll always love you . 
We enterupt this program to bring you loud static :P 
Where did i go wrong 
Beleive in yourself :) 
I hope :) never give up . 
Came out to meet you , tell you i need You . You don't know how lovely you are ... 
Sick of the way you been talking to me . Sick of the way you been talking to me . I gotta stay positive now :) 
Won't stand for you treating me badly anymore ! Especially when i'm so sick 
Family isn't about blood . Family is about who you care about . 
I hate when my mom goes to the bar 
I'm sick . :( 
Wow ! I'm tired of you treating me like shit . 
I'm not trying to fight with you . Your trying to fight with me . 
I tried to make it better more than once . So don't blame it on me . 
A little stress realif :3 we needed that 
Cant wait til tomorrow xP 
I had a blast :D 
I scared ! What if a tornado comes ! O.o 
-- The normal boobs ( . )( . ) , the silicone boobs ( + )( + ) the perfect boobs ( o)(o ) . Some boobs are cold (^) (^) , and some boobs belong to grandmothers \\./\\./ And let’s not forget the very large boobs ( . Y . ) , and very small boobs (.) (.) , and lastly the asymmetrical boobs (•) (.) . We love them all ! Post this message on your wall and say ??? (?_?) ??? to breast cancer . SAVE THE TATAS !!!!! 
I'm not sure you know\ 
That the reason I love you , is you\ 
Being you , just you\ 
Yea the reason I love you\ 
Is all that we've been through\ 
And that's why I love you 
scars wounds i'm bruised watch me bleed i'm your beauty , beauty fiend once again without perfect teeth i begin the dream as i sleep soon i've sinned my skin is still thick my mouth as always is brutally honest at my calmest 
Oh no ! :( i have noone to help me with homework ! 
Damn ... I need help with chemistry . 
So aparently i'm very neurotic . But has emotional depth that others lack 
