Saturday is the first day of the rest of my life ... * so excited * but I'm so nervous .. 

4 DAYS .. 
3 MORE DAYS !!! AND I'LL BE MRS . RANKIN :) 
today is the last day of my work week , then a day of pampering , then GETTING MARRIED SATURDAY !!! wew .. totally getting super nervous .. 
had an ear infection ... :( two days from my wedding !!! :(((( 
is < PROPFEMALE > so so so tired .. all my muscles ache . but now the weddings out of the way , we can focus on moving ... on gosh . 
is wishing we took a little bit more time off ... at least we'll have July 4th to relax a bit ... * crosses fingers * hopefully ... 
the hubby is at home sick , i'm at work tired , and looking forward to moving next week ! :) 
wants to find another beagle .... where to start ... 
Going to see Transformers at the IMAX with my amazing hubby .. Life is great .... 
gonna be packing all week , then movin to our new townhome !!! :) 
is tired from packing till late last night . But I'm almost done , then we're moving Thursday !!! I cant wait !!! 
is moving today .. just gotta get through work first .. :s 
got the keys to our new house !!!! :) 
ok the \like\ " feature is kinda freaking me out a bit .. i'm just sayin .. " 
an hour away from sanity ... yey ! 
is enjoying my new house with good friends .... this place is freakin huge !! 
about to head to bed ... a very long weekend of moving and friends .. its been nice .. too bad it didnt last long enough ! its back to work for me . :( 
I really need to get myself to bed .. but i'm procrastinating ... hmm ... I really don't want to go to work tomorrow .. :s 
totally wishes her husband's work schedule wasn't so \anti crystal\ " and wishes he was home .. " 
just killed a wasp with spider killing raid .. ew .. that thing was not happy with me . 
feels terrible .. i just wanna go home ... 
is going to see 42nd street with my parents tonight . bittersweet killjoy . 
just got home from 42nd street with my parents .. nothing great but broadway shows are always fun ... my hubby should be home soon !! :) but for now i'm heading to bed for work in the A.M. 
DOES ANYONE KNOW SOMEONE WHO DOES THE PAID TO DRIVE CAR ADVERTISEMENTS ? 
< PROPFEMALE > why do you keep poking me ? 
BORED ... I'M GETTING PAID TO PLAY ON THE COMPUTER .. NICE . 
thinks < PROPMALE > potters retarded . 
loves this song !!! 
i hate mondays . 
is feeling the heat ... 
OMG . TODAY IS CRAWLING BY .. 
HAS 2 TICKETS TO THE MUSEUM OF NATURAL SCIENCE , THE NATURE OF DIAMONDS EXHIBIT : MAY 8 THROUGH SEPTEMBER 7 2009 .. ANYONE INTERESTED ?? 
mmmhmmm girls night tonight .. involving gossip , food , beer and bikinis ... gotta love it ! now , its worth loosing the guys to guns on sunday 
at work . looking forward to getting to bed before midnight tonight since failed attempts have been made all week .. 
does anyone have photoshop and is good at it to edit a picture ? 
Je sais que Dieu a toutes ses raisons , mais quelquefois son fort < PROPMALE > voir . 
Je ferais n'importe quoi pour l'avoir à moi toute seule , je serais prête à tout . Maintenant je ne sais pas quoi faire lorsqu'il me rend triste . Il ne faut pas que je me prenne la tête avec ça . 
got another beagle puppy !!! yey !!! I get to bring her home today ! :))))) 
got another beagle puppy !!! yey !!! I get to bring her home today ! :))))) I need female name ideas !!! 
GETTING MY PUPPY IN AN HOUR !!! 
we have decided to go with < PROPFIRST > !! Thanks < PROPFIRST > for the idea .. yey for beagle puppys .. 
charlies at the office with me today .. got her vet apt . this afternoon .. its gonna be hard letting go of her .. shes so sweet ... 
i always knew looking back my tears would bring me laughter , but i never knew looking back on my laughter would make me cry ... 
is so freakin excited that american eagle brought back there \artist\ " jeans .. oh gosh .. now i want to get like 5 more pair . " 
at work .. then home . gonna try to de-stress myself this weekend .. not sure how successful i'll be but i'm gonna try .. 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
wonders why some people don't view layoffs as seriously as I do ... hmmmm .. 
wondering how this week will turn out .. 
is forcing < PROPFIRST > to go to the gym with me tonight ... wahahahaa .. cant wait till friday !! 
joined the blackberry cult and got the storm . my stupid palm centro broke . :( 
< PROPFEMALE>'s bday partay is t'night , text if you want d'tails! 832.392.4161 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
omg . i'm old . 
cant wait for the weekend . dove season . meaning jays out of town all weekend .. GIRLS WEEKEND !! YEY !!! 
JUST DOWNLOADED A TON OF NEW RINGTONES .. YEY 
i can't wait for 5pm to roll around . < PROPFIRST > will be hunting all weekend and its not even here yet and everyone has planned it all out for me .. hmmm .. i must really be an old fart . 
does anyone know where they are hiring CNC Machinist ? 
~ 9/11 ~ never forget , never forgive ... 
i hope kanye doesn't show up to < PROPFIRST > swayze's funeral . \ i'll let you get back to your funeral in a minute ... but < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > had the best death of the year . just sayinnn " 
NO FARM TOWN ! NO NO !!! I WON'T DO IT !!! AND YOU CAN'T MAKE ME ! 
HANGING OUT WITH POOPBEAR TONIGHT . FUNNASS 
hurts .. 
FML . wedding tonight , work in the am . then weekend of relaxing . 
added a few more pictures from our wedding . sorry if there are duplicates .. 
MY FACEBOOK IS IN SPANISH AND I CANT READ IT TO CHANGE THE LANGUAGE ... HELP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
NEVERMIND ... I GOT IT .. DUH ... 
I should be crying but I just can't let it show I should be hoping but I can't stop thinking All the things we should've said that I never said All the things we should have done that we never did All the things we should have given but I didn't Oh darling make it go Make it go away Give me these moments Give them back to me Give me that little kiss Give me your hand 
what should i be for halloween ? 
KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED !! < PROPFIRST > has a interview with a local radio station to be a DJ !!!! and if you know him , he would be the perfect fit for a texas country radio station ! 
night world 
< PROPFEMALE > , MY MESSENGER ISN'T WORKING :( BUT YOU KNOW IT WAS FUNNY .... =) 
RIP Bills . You'll be missed ... 
work . :( 
about to head home then < PROPFIRST > and i are taking < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > to the dog park :) I love it !!!!! 
just permanently blocked farmville and mobster crap for the fifth time .. lets see if this one sticks .. 
needs some excitement in her life ... 
ew weather ... sytycd tonight !!! yey ! 
happy halloween guys ... i can't wait to get home and chill out .. is it sad that all i want to do is chill and drink cold beer by myself ? 
You're such an inspiration For the ways that I will Never , ever choose to be 
wishes there was a way to become a \not a fan\ " and express her dislike ... " 
NEW < PROPFEMALE > TONIGHT !!!!!!! :) 
had a great weekend ! got a new tv today , three day work week , beautiful weather .. life is good ! 
never dreamed home would end up where I don't belong 
oh no ! i need emergency dental help for a wisdom tooth !!!! WHAT AM I GOING TO DO ?! ITS KILLING ME ! :((( 
in an hour and a half i will have my wisdom tooth removed that has ruined my thanksgiving vacation . good riddence . rooty tooty fresh and flutty . :) 
has the most awesomist brother in the world !! yey cruise in feb !!! 
had a pretty rough morning .. why does my mouth still hurt ?!?!! 
no snow till my boss lets me go home !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OKAY NOW ITS COMING DOWN ! :( I'M STUCK AT WORK AND DO NOT WANT TO DRIVE IN THIS !!! 
... because I think of others .... I wonder what me and < PROPFEMALE > can get into tonight .!?!... :)))) 
knows this is the last 7th of december birthday for some .. wishes things were different .. 
my baby is on his first day at his new job ! :) 
whats the difference between < PROPFEMALE > claus and tiger woods ? < PROPFEMALE > stops at 3 ho's!!! 
< PROPFIRST > having a day job is so strange for me ... I love that we have dinner together every night though . We have the same bed time .. its lovely . It makes me fall in love with him all over again ... :) 
so tonight I'll be your Brooklyn ... so corny and so far away , just tell me what you want for me to say and if it brings you hope ... 
Off to < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST>'s reharsal dinner .. :) Tomorrow they will officially be Mr. & Mrs. Petry . Congrats guys !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > boom boom ... 
only once the drugs are done , then i feel like dying .. 
Outstretched with my head to the floor Spent of all my strength Relying on Yours 
dun dun dun dahhhhh dun dun da daaaaaaahhhhh 
This weekend will be absolutely amazing ! My family has come together , The Rankin side will own christmas , my friends are by far the most amazing people on this planet and I cannot wait to spend precious time with each and every one of them .. I love you guys and I will see you soon ! ? 
Looking forward to the new year . There is so much and so many I'd love to leave in the past and forget ... if only the latter was possible . 
please help me ! I need idea's for a party music mix . Any suggestions for fun upbeat background music ??? 
HEY 2009 , DON'T LET THE DOOR HITCHA IN THE ASS ON THE WAY OUT :) 
One big ass bottle of wine down two more to go ... Better say happy new years now ... So HAPPY NEW YEARS !!!! 
I just informed everyone that half my face is numb but it's not because I had a stroke 
UGH ! WHAT A WAY TO START THE NEW FUCKIN YEAR . at least I have work .. and my awesome amazing husband and beautiful best friend . :) 
individual < PROPFEMALE > ! reproductive freedom ! reproductive rights ! 
silky blackness 
these last few moments of my weekend just suck ... i don't want to go back to work . i just wanna win the lottery and never have to work again .... :( 
Monday ....... gahhhh 
Ma'am , in the leopard dress , you have an incredible rack 
NEEDS TO FIND A HOUSE .. NO LUCK .. UGH . SO STRESSFUL !! 
has a insatiable hunger for intangible things .. 
pink eye , eye infection , and a cold . oh how wonderful today is 
heading to bed after a crazy day .. pink eye sucks , running out of contacts and the dogs eating my glasses is worse ! had to make a emergency run to the eye doctor ( with visual assistance from < PROPMALE > of course ) , missed a day of work but my baby's getting me a iphone this weekend .. :) so I will have a 6 month old blackberry storm up for sale here pretty soon ! :) :) :) 
i hate mondays .. but what i hate worse then mondays is a 6 day work week .. you'd think i'd be used to it by now working the same schedule for two years but i hate it more now then i ever did . 
oh i bet you thought i was soft and sweet .. thought an angel swept you off your feet .. but i'm about to turn up the heat IM HERE FOR YOUR ENTERTAINMENT ! ... god i ? < PROPFIRST > lambert 
I have a brand new verizon blackberry storm for sale . Only activated never used . Comes with all accessories , car charger and the 1 year manufacturers warrenty . I also have some girlie cases for it too .. best offer will be accepted ! 
had a dream last night that i traded in my eclipse on a 2010 Mitsubishi Lancer Sportback GTS and then won a 30 mil lottery ... damn .. wondering if that's a sign .. hmmmm 
god .. it's only 2pm .. today has crept by ... and its not even over yet ... 3 more hours .. 3 more hours ..... 
9\ :[ " 
leaving work .... slow slow day .. looking forward to a nice bubble bath when i get home :d 
almost one hour into work .. :) Weekend was awesome .. fun fun at bernies for matty and travvys bday , saw some old friends so that was awesome !!! house hunting was fruitfull .. hopefully start building our new home soon .. If it's meant to be it will be yes ? 
wew today flew by .. already time to head home to my hubby .. 
quote of the year \u get one life ! be a brat\ " ? < PROPFEMALE > :) " 
feeling so tired today .. maybe because our trip to baytown last night .. not sure .. my bed is so hard to get out of in the mornings ... 
just realized that i can get excited about today being wednesday !!! yey !!!! cause this week is a normal week for me with my saturday off finally !!!!!!! but still so much work to do . :))) 
ANYONE KNOW WHEN GOSSIP GIRL AND 90210'S NEW SHOWS START ?!?! 
... feels like shit ... :'( 
DOPPELGANGER WEEK During this week change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athlete , etc ) you have been told you look like , and repost this message 
starting to worry that i may be more sick then i thought i was .. 
has the coolest boss .. he gave me a leather wrapped < PROPFIRST > daniels flask .. what a way to start the work day ... 
who wants to join < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and i for dinner tonight ? 
EYE INFECTION .. ANOTHER ONE .. FML . NOW I ONLY HAVE ONE CONTACT IN .. WHAT A WEIRD WEIRD FREAKIN DAY ... CONGRATS < PROPFEMALE > !!! HELLO < PROPFIRST > !!! 
had an amazing weekend .. I know this coming weekend is going to be even more amazing then my saint owning the superbowl .. if that is even possible ?! mardi gras , muddy gras , < PROPFEMALE>'s bday ... wow .. maybe i'll survive it .... maybe not :) 
first day of the rest of my life .. :) 
at work . have a headache . 
can't wait till my house is finished ! Hopefully the weather stays nice enough for them to get a bit further with it .. about a month 1/2 to go till closing !!!! 
bought a new dining room table last night .. i hate being a grown up . :s 
hopefully by the end of the day I'll have some good news ... workin out and dinner at stephs tonight ... what a day .. i've never looked forward to working out so much before in my whole life ... 
work work work all day long . i have a feeling this weekend is going to own . sweet butters !!! 
i have a feeling today is going to be a \i'm going to shoot up this place\ " day or a \ " oh god . its been that kind of day .. i've had how many beers ? and i have to work in the morning ... \ " day .... " 
seriously could cry .... 
jays taking our baby to the doctor . Hopefully it isn't anything serious . :( poor little charlies . 
I officially hate today . I hate hate hate today . 
MY PLANS TOMORROW NIGHT : GETTING SHATHOUSED . 
work till who the hell knows ... it'd be nice to have some sort of idea .. apparently you have to be a big dog to be allowed personal plans .. woops sorry I had a life . I wish my boss was here .. haha 
is lovin this loosing ten pound in a week from no sodas !!! summer here I come !! 
is feeling better .. just in time for the COOKOFF ! This is serious business in the Rankin household . I can't wait for Saturday ! 
oh dear god . 
ulta is such a crock . what a crooked company ..... They fired an amazing stylist for coming in on his day off ( off the clock ) , doing 2 clients hair , letting Ulta reep the financial benifits for doing something he could have done at home and charged for , then let him go . what a asinine thing to do . I officially boycott Ulta . 
has nothing to rush home to today .. :( 
' s day started out a mess ... at least my mood lifted a bit .. the suns out .. feeling better and better as the day goes on .. hopefully tomorrow will be easy breezy so I'm not stumbling into the cookoff all kinds of crazy tomorrow night . 
can't wait to go to my babys cookoff .. yey ! GO BLOWIN SMOKE !!! 
ABOUT TO LEAVE WORK AND HEAD OUT TO SUPPORT THE HUBBY AND HIS COOKOFF TEAM TONIGHT ! YEY !!!!! 
everyone cross your fingers ... and toes .. 
THE NEXT TIME I SAY I ENJOY MY JOB BECAUSE I LOVE WORKING WITH PEOPLE , PUNCH ME IN THE FACE AND REMIND ME OF HOW IGNORANT AND ASSININE SOME PEOPLE CAN BE . K THANKS . 
is so glad today is almost over ..... 
yey dinner/movie plans with < PROPMALE > Wood after work !!! I'm so excited !! I haven't seen poodle since like two weeks ago !!! 
today : i wish for < PROPFEMALE > , peace , strength to juggle all tasks thrown at me at once and for there to be an ice cold < PROPMALE > light waiting at home along with my husband when i get off work . ... one can only wish right ? 
needs some peace of mind . like now ... and lunch would be nice .. I haven't had time to think today .. 
CAN'T WAIT TILL 5:01 PM TOMORROW 
seriously considering trading in my car .. I love it but I'm so tired of shifting .. and only being able to < PROPFEMALE > 1/2 of a person with me .. 
got a new office chair and stapler I've been asking for for about a year now ! whoo my boss is on a roll .. Now I wonder if my paycheck will be a bit larger ?.... I know I know .. wishful thinking .... :) 
SAVE < PROPFEMALE > !!!!!!!!!! 
is a ball of emotions today .. I never cry and I've turned on the water works at least twice today .. damn pms . .... :s haha 
AHHHHH REAL MONSTERS !!! 
Lá Fhéile Pádraig : Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day !!!!! 
Hey guys !!! If you get a fan invite from me for Landscape Depot , please accept !!!!! 
Hey guys please become a fan of Landscape Depot !!! 
HEY GUYS ! PLEASE ADD LANDSCAPE DEPOT TO YOUR LIST OF FAN PAGES !!! I'M COMPETING WITH MY BOSS TO SEE HOW MANY MORE PEOPLE I CAN GET OVER HIM ! KTHANKS !!!!!! 
Everything falls into place but I think I need a little more time And yeah I know my life has changed but Honestly I don't know if I'll survive 
Hey guys , if you've gotten a request from me to add Landscape Depot to your fan list please do !!!! 
hates when I'm late to work . I feel like my whole day gets thrown off ... 
just had the most amazing boudin sandwich and cajun potatoe salad . God I LOVE louisiana ! 
today was a < PROPMALE > stress free .. 
I just asked my boss a question and he belched back \I don't know\ " gross .... what a weirdo ... :S " 
Is in love with my blue beauty ... < PROPFEMALE > is a virtue .. What'd I say ! I knew that car was built for me .. and I am now the proud owner .. I've never been so happy with such a materialistic purchase .. haha ... 
Does anyone know who I need to contact about ( fatally ) aggressive household dogs that the owners will do nothing about ? 
< PROPFIRST > Moran just came into my office .. oh dear ... 
I HATE PEOPLE WHO COME INTO MY OFFICE AND ACT LIKE THEY KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT THE PRODUCT I SELL .. IF I'VE NEVER SEEN YOU , CHANCES ARE YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT . THERE IS A REASON I DO WHAT I DO , AND YOU'RE BUYING FROM ME . SO SHUT UP . KTHANKS . 
Good Friday = Hooters wings courtesy of Landscape Depot ? 
I HATE Saturday work days ... Grr ... at least its the last work day of the week .. 
FML 
Is looking for a rent house in the copperfield area ... Anyone know of any ? 
has a ball busting migraine ... :( 
accupuncture here I come ... so excited .. 
AM I MISSING SOMETHING ?!?! WHY WON'T IT LET ME BUY LADY GAGA TICKETS ?! IS IT SOLD OUT ALREADY ?!?!!?!!! ANYONE KNOW ? 
HAS THE BEST HUSBAND IN THE WORLD AND NEW HID HEADLIGHTS FOR MY LANCER BABY .. :) 
Had tons of fun with < PROPMALE > hanging out on montrose ... Made a new friend ! He's a total doppleganger for < PROPFIRST > lambert . Go figure . Sleepy sleep time . Yey !!! 
car is pimp now . hid headlights and tenting .. i think i'm done now .. 
Massage time yey !! I'm gonna sleep so good tonight . Thanks to my wonderful husband ! 
FYI the keritin treament is well worth the money and convience of not having to straighten your hair every single day .. Ask me where I got mine ! 
Everyone is entitled to his own opinion , but not his own facts . 
GOT MY IMOGEN HEAP TICKETS !! YEYNESS !!!!! 
Is super excited about hitting Montrose tonight with by Bestie while looking like movie stars .. :) Yeyness !! 
I love montrose !!! 
Trying to find my < PROPFIRST > ... :)) 
had a great weekend .. but can't seem to catch up on my sleep and its taking its toll .. 
so excited about moving next week . looking forward to being done with apartment living .. :) 
is praying today flys by ... got to finish laundry and packing today .. Can't wait to move !!! 
because of administrative day , I get landrys seafood for lunch . How freakin sweet . 
why am I the one that has to make the coffee in the morning ?!? I always make it .. Everyday .. I've served my time as a barista ... its only classic roast , its not like you're making a 140 soy french vanilla 1/2 pump hazelnut latte extra foam or anything .. jeeze .. 
Dear Friday , I hate you . You really sucked today . Just wanted you to know how I felt . I figured we were close enough that I could share sensitive information like that with you . 
thinks its so weird to watch you change so much .... 
is really excited about moving this thursday .. especially after all the drama that unfolded at the apartments this past weekend . just a warning people , do not move to easton village apartments . They have seriously let that place go and they don't care either .. 
does anyone know the public record website ? 
MMMMMM banana bread !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thanks < PROPFEMALE > Henderson LeBlanc !!!!!!!!!!!!! its sooooo yummy !!!!!! 
pedicure time with my awesome mother in law < PROPFEMALE > Rankin 
I feel like crap . my whole right side of my face hurts .. my lymph-node is so swollen it feels like its going to burst out of my head ... 
having my homemade chili i made the co workers cause i was tired of listening to them beg me .. haha .. so good !!! 
Feels like she's 5 all over again . You'd think I would learn not to trust her .. 
I guess we're moving today instead .. yey ? 
almost done moving , house is amazing ! so much room and nothing to do with it all ! But so so so tired . Hopefully we'll put the finishing touches on the move in tomorrow .. 
caylee !!! are we still on tonight/ ?!?!?!!??!?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
just bought two gardenia plants for our house . :) they smell like Baton Rouge and it makes me miss home . :s 
Needs a break ... I don't think my mental health can take much more .. 
Iron man 2 was sexy ... Thanks to cap'n!!!! Amazing !!!!!!! 
Out with < PROPMALE > ! Gonna save the world in 4 minutes !!! 
' s hubby just landing a new fantastic job . :) So excited for him and our pocketbooks . Looks like we'll both be getting our new motorcycles sooner then we thought ! :)))) 
Loves Rocking in my new rocking chair ( thanks bestie !! ) on my porch !! 
Oh and new < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > necklace and shoes thanks to my wonderful mother in law ! I heart that woman !! 
I like it on the kitchen table ... 
Loves the rain !!!!!!!!!!! 
Yey blue October !!! I can die a happy lady !! 
thinking about having a house warming party next weekend . I need addresses !! Shoot me a email with your address ! 
Spring is officially over . No more long work weeks . Weird . 
SERIOUSLY !!! I swear if one more person starts bitching at me again , or hangs up on me or starts there crap i'm going to go postal . Last time I checked , its not my fault your life sucks . 
TODAY SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Hangover just wore off . Great ... Right at the tail end of my one day off . Rude . 
Is looking forward to having normal day's off this weekend with a bonus day off on Monday . Can't wait !!!!!!! 
RIP < PROPFIRST > gray . 
THREE MORE DAYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ONE MORE DAY !!!! 
Just reached a new level of lame and old . The most exciting thing about my day was getting a bottle of turf builder for my lawn and rushing home to use it : s 
7 more hours !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
2 1/2 MORE HOURS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Who wants to go to howl at the < PROPFEMALE > with me tonight ?!?! 
weekend went by way too fast ... bummer 
just got a call from her husband asking permission to do something tonight with his bromance partner .. haha .. kinda makes me feel terrible that he feels he needs permission .. hmm .. 
some people ... He is the kind of a man that you would use as a blueprint to build an idiot . what a waste of space ... and that nasty bia on his arm now . ugh ! The things I see and cannot do anything about . 
How happy is the blameless vestal's lot ! The world forgetting , by the\ 
world forgot Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ! Each pray'r\ 
accepted , and each wish resign'd . 
Too many guys think I'm a concept , or I complete them , or I'm gonna make them alive . But I'm just a fucked-up girl who's lookin ' for my own peace of mind ; don't assign me yours . 
Stefans surprise birthday party was awesome . Thank you all for coming and making it a total blast . 
Can't figure Out If my head hurts because of stefans party last night or because of the wreck I was in ... Hmmm 
Weekends over :( gotta get things rolling on the claim for the accident tomorrow so I can't get my baby back to new condition . :( poor poor lancer ... 
watching old boy band music videos ... hhahahhaa ... how entertaining ! 
yey ! RAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Imogen heap !!!!!!!! And < PROPMALE > christophers !!!!!!!! 
paying bills ... i hate moving because I feel a rush to use all the old checks that have our old address on them .. so i'm trying to pay any and everything by check now a days ... 
' s mental health is really suffering at this point .. oh that bottle of wine hanging out in my fridge is going to be amazing when I get home from work ... 
This getting up at the crack of < PROPFEMALE > thing is grating on my nerves ... 
Going to see my momma in law :) what a wonderful woman . 
going to Cirque du Soleil tonight with my bestie < PROPMALE > Wood ! Yey !! So excited !!! 
oh gosh .. 1 year anniversary in 4 days ! Seems like we've been married forever hahah .. 
just heard the most heartbreaking words ... fml 
mom used to tell me \Anyone can be a mother but not everyone can be a mom\ " :) " 
Happy fathers day daddy ! And happy 1 year anniversary boo boo ! 
another dollar another day 
Feels like poop 
quote of the day : Money can't make you happy , but it makes being miserable a whole lot easier - < PROPMALE > Rucker 
Almost back to normal . Hopfully tomorrow will be a better day then today . 
Family/Friends , We are going to lay my momma to rest tomorrow morning . If you'd like funeral arrangement information just shoot me an email . Thanks to everyone for your support during this time . 
Thank you to everyone who came to my mommas funeral . It was beautiful and I know she's in heaven dancing with Jesus . The support is tremendous and greatly appreciated . 
All that I am or ever hope to be , I owe to my angel Mother 
a dear Co worker and friend of mine will be laid to rest tomorrow . RIP < PROPFIRST > . Your laughter , words of wisdom and kind heart will be greatly missed . Thank you for always being there for me and your support . Everyone who had the pleasure of knowing you has lost a great friend . Rest in peace my friend . 
just realized how tough these past few weeks have been and really surprised i haven't lost my mind yet .. my heart really hurts .. it seems i need her more now then i've ever needed her before . Every aspect of my day is consumed by the thought that if she were here , i could move forward . 
Looking at new tundras for my husband :) 
one more day , one more time .. but then again I know what it would do , leave me wishin ' still for one more day with you .. 
uh oh someones getting < PROPFIRST > Lambert and Rent tickets .. Freakin ' amazing ! 
is the proud owner of a VIP ticket for Rent on broadway . :) Can't wait !!!! 
and < PROPFIRST > lambert tickets !!!!!!!!! :))))) 
Today would have been my momma and daddys 44th wedding anniversary . I love you momma and we miss you more then anything . I pray for peace of mind for my daddy because he's having a tough time moving forward without the love of his life by his side . 
rough day . 
Anyone have any dinner recipe's they'd like to share ? < PROPFIRST > picks at me and my \coon-ass\ " cooking \ " somthin ' and rice\ " so I think its time to mix it up a bit . Any and everything welcome ! :) " 
got the day off tomorrow !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOW DID THIS HAPPEN !?!?! SWEET BUTTERS !!!! 
AND JUST GOT LADY GAGA TICKETS ! OMG .. THIS IS SO FREAKIN ' AMAZING !!! 
Getting ready for a nail appointment then who knows .... But it's going to be great 
Guys be very careful driving around tonight ! Cops everywhere ! It's a step day and they WILL pull you over ! 1960 is HOT tonight . 
One month . I miss you . All that I am or ever hope to be , I owe to my angel Mother 
Lady gaga !!!!!!! Here we come !! 
19 years ago today god gave me a set of wonderful adoptive parents . A strong Christian father and a lovely gentle mother who is now watching over us in heaven . Thank you both for who I am today . I miss you momma . Xoxo 
these diary entries don't seem so healthy anymore . 
Gentle now\ 
The tender breeze\ 
Blows\ 
Whispers through\ 
My Gran Torino\ 
Whistling another\ 
Tired song 
Ugh . Wine hangover . No fun . 
Rent !!!!! No one understands me !!!!! 
Sticky with champagne it's okay , it's her birthday 
Oh life . I don't like you very much right now . If you will please cut me a break or two I'll buy you a round this weekend . 
The only thing that ever came easy to her was me and tragedy so girl go ahead and drink , I can only be so many things , but when you leave , please , leave your pretty to me ... 
Now , more then ever ... Homesick ... 
strange things are happening in my house at night .. losing sleep .. losing my mind .. 
slow day .. 
crossing my fingers . downing my coffee . hoping today will be a good day . 
The walk has all been cleared by now , Your voice is all I hear somehow , I could have lost myself In rough blue waters in your eyes And I miss you still 
Finally conquered this damn migrain . Thank you dr nadeen . Worse one yet . :( 
The death of a mother is the first sorrow wept without her 
Get out of my way stool .. 
Made amazing Parmesan chicken for dinner !! 
Is so excited that my childhood best friend < PROPFIRST > Cavitt is back in my life after years of searching for him !! I ? that kid ! 
yes , it is true .. I do THOSE kind of parties .... Interested ? :) 
Thank you to THOSE friends who are coming to support me on my big day ! I hope the rest of you can make it !!! I am so excited and so proud of myself , I have put a lot of effort into my launch party and countless hours of work and I really cannot wait to showcase it all amongst those who I love and care for so much . Thank you 
Excited : Bestie and Hubby turning a year older next week and celebrations this weekend . My Launch party next weekend . Oh wow , I'm a busy busy < PROPFEMALE > . 
Almost won the damned scavenger hunt .... :( 
This weekend was absolutely fanominal and my two favorite peoples birthdays are tomorrow and Tuesday . Happy happy birthday my darling husband and beautiful best friend . 
I know you said it'd be okay , sometimes I question just the same , I wonder if my problems are too small then I look back and realize all your pain and sacrifice , oh how you suffered for us all .. 
Oh no .... Went from feeling fine to a raging sore throat and congestion . Looks like I won't be enjoying my nice long weekend afterall . :( 
OH BALLS .. I HATE GETTING SICK .. I NEVER KNOW WHAT TO DO CAUSE I NEVER GET SICK .. :( 
Having boudin for lunch .. Reminds me of my mom . We used to wait for the nights my dad wouldn't make it for dinner and have boudin cause he didn't like it . :) 
Hey friends ! My other < PROPFEMALE > is legit . I made one for my business so if you get an invite , please add it ! if not , don't feel hurt . I'll get to you eventually with this < PROPMALE > of 25 friends a day thing FB is doing . :/ Thanks !!! 
Going to my momma and dads for the last time .. Memories and some of her favorite things are all I have left . 
Back to work . :/ Looks like its going to be a rainy week . 
Looks like we're shutting down early . YEY ! ( until payday when my check is short ) But its nice cause I have sooo much to do ! 
Ladies !!! Just wanted to update you all . My launch party is tomorrow at 5:30 pm . Looks like its going to be a GREAT turn out !!! Tons of ladies will join me in celebrating the beginning and start of my new business ! I cannot wait to see you all and meet your friends !!! 
Gnight fb .... Sooooo tired . Zzzzzzz ...... 
Bonus question ... What is the liquid epitome of self gratification ? 
My launch party last night was fantasic !!! Thank you to those ladies who came out to support me .... I sold tons , made tons and booked more parties !! Thank you !!!!! 
I'm on fire after my launch party ! RUNNING A SPECIAL FOR THIS COMING SUNDAY & FRIDAY SEPT . 24 & SATURDAY 25TH !!!! EMAIL ME RIGHT AWAY IF YOU'D LIKE TO SCHEDULE YOUR PARTY !!! IF YOU DO ON THOSE DAYS YOU WILL GET A $50 HOSTESS CREDIT TO USE THAT NIGHT !!! 
Booked a party for Mrs. Ambre , < PROPMALE > Wood ' s momma this weekend ! ITS HER BIRTHDAY !!! 
It's friday !!!! Pay day and one more day till the weekend ! Going to celebrate my besties Momma's birthday tomorrow night ! :) Can't wait .. then have AMAZING homemade fried catfish at the inlaws .. Mouth watering !!! 
\let he among us without sin be the first to condemn . La Vie Boheme ... \"" 
it seriously never ends .. peace is apparently too much to ask for 
Who wants to host there very own girls night in THIS saturday night ?!?!?! Receive an additional $50 in free products on top of everything else !!!! 
Two party times available ! This saturday evening and anytime Sunday ! GET IT BEFORE ITS GONE !!! 
in bed , wearing my mans shirt , watching gossip girl on the dvr and waiting till its over so I can sleep the troubles away ... 
Westboro Baptist Church seriously is one of the few things that get my blood boiling .. Crossing my fingers for the repeal of \don't ask don't tell \"" 
Booking special\ 
for HALLOWEEN !!! LETS HAVE SOME COSTUME PARTIES !!!!! email to book\ 
yours and ask about my halloweenie specials I'm running !!!!! 
Booking specialfor HALLOWEEN !!! LETS HAVE SOME COSTUME PARTIES !!!!! email to bookyours and ask about my halloweenie specials I'm running !!!!! 
LadiesI have been challenged to hold 20 parties in October and I only need3 more !!! I will be giving the next 3 girls that host a party inOctober a FREE Basic Instinct ! If you don't know what this product is , message me ! 
HUGE\ 
BOOKING SPECIAL LADIES !! Book your party with me this Sunday through\ 
Thursday and not only will you receive 10% of sales for a free shopping\ 
spree , a free gift from me just for having me over , BUT $75 IN FREE\ 
PRODUCT OF YOUR CHOICE !!!! 
going through some really old photo's from my parents house .. wow oh wow .. Will post my favorites later :) 
Weather feels fantastic ... making this cup of coffee extraordinary ... 
SPECIAL\ 
ANNOUNCEMENT : I just realized that I have the 30th of October available\ 
for a Slumber Party . What a perfect way to start your Halloween costume\ 
party !!!! First come first served !!! :) I'll even throw in an incentive\ 
to your guests to dress up !!! :) 
' s ? < PROPFIRST > Rankin 
Hanging onto resentment is letting someone you despise live rent-free in your head . 
Happy October !!!!! 
HMMM my dad , my husband and my best friend are all hanging out at her office . :( weird .. wish I was there . lol 
oh btw , my daddy's having an estate sale RIGHT NOW , you can message me for the address if you know some estate/garage sale fans . Its located off < PROPFEMALE > and 249 
little boxes on the hillside , little boxes made of ticky tacky little boxes on the hillside little boxes just the same , theres a green one and a pink one and a green one and a yellow one and there all made out of ticky tacky and they all look just the same . 
Welcome's Marida Fender to my team of Slumber Party sisters . :) I'm so excited to have you ! 
Doctors appts all day : z ugh 
Long weekend ahead ! Marida Fender's launch party is tomorrow & < PROPFEMALE > Barnard is going to be < PROPFEMALE > for a day on Saturday ! I can't wait to see Marida in action and spoil < PROPFEMALE > rotten ! :) 
So excited about < PROPFEMALE > Barnard's Slumber Party tonight ! I'm going to spoil her rotten !!! 
3 1/2 months ago my world was turned upside down . Some say its not healthy keeping track of how much time has passed but it's only out of spite that I track the days lost . I can't help it . 
Officially\ 
boycotting Taco < PROPFEMALE > forever . If you can't employ people who can read\ 
orders , then the whole place should be shut down . A taco is the staple\ 
of this place and yet they manage to throw whatever they can grab on\ 
top of it and send it out . Why does my taco have nacho cheese , beans\ 
& sour cream on it ? You'd t ... hink I'd learn when this happens every other time .. 
Referral\ 
game starts today at 5pm !! Now until Friday at 5pm you have a < PROPMALE > to\ 
rack up some serious free products ! Tell every girl you know !!! For every 1 booked party for the\ 
month of November you'll get $20 gift certificate , for 2 parties $40\ 
for 3 parties $60 for 4 $80 !! Ask your girl friends to help you by\ 
booking there OWN FREE SLUMBER PARTY !!! 
Dear facebook friends , All test results have come back negative and I was issued a clean < PROPMALE > of health by the doctors today . I am officially in remission and would like to thank each of you for the support , prayers and love I've received over this three year long process . Please please please get the HPV vaccination . It could save your life ! 
Today's turned out to be a fantastic day :) got some great news from the doctors , an amazing rock from my hubby , and one of my most favorite friends < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > is back from < PROPFEMALE > and relaxing on my sofa :) 
RIP my dear friend < PROPFEMALE > .. You will be missed 
Had a blast last night with < PROPFIRST > Thomley at her Slumber Party !! Tonight is bachelorette madness with < PROPMALE > and her girls ! I can't wait !!!!! Busy busy weekend !!! 
Attention Cypress Creek & Hamilton orchestra members : Looks like < PROPFIRST > Busse is organizing a reunion concert sometime in the near future ! If you did not receive an invite , please let me know if you'd be interested because I'd love to see you guys again and I'll keep you posted on any information I get . 
Would like to welcome < PROPFEMALE > Woloson to my Slumber Party family ! Welcome !!!! 
Finally on my way home :) Going to have dinner , then a nice relaxing \ 
epsom bath with a glass of wine ; Nothing could compare 
is craving some amazing coon ass cooking :) and my momma's shrimp creole spaghetti :( 
I got a < PROPFEMALE > in my pocket and a gun in my purse , bring SEMI PRECIOUS WEAPONS or you might get hurt ... 
Insanity : doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results ; So point the finger all you want , but in reality you're the only one to blame 
Like my status and\ 
I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your\ 
wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory\ 
of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered aboutyou . 6 . My favorite thing about you . 7 . Give you a nickname . 
Gold teef for err body 
Pumpkin carving with guns :) 
Had a fantastic weekend . Pumpkin carving with guns , Cajun food , good company ... and gold teef for errbody ! 
Just saw the house of my dreams ... So I went and bought lottery tickets 
Tomorrow's the big HALLOWEEN PARTY !!! RSVP If you haven't already ! 
The next person I see that puts another door ding in my brand new car , I'm gonna beat to a bloody pulp .. Why people have no respect for other peoples belongings I have no clue but I swear after I get a hold of them they'll run from any blue car they see ... 
Halloween Party was fantastic !!! So much fun , so many good friends :) Thank you all for coming ! 
< PROPFIRST > left for his hunting trip to Ozona :( Hair appointment today gonna cut/color/keratin so excited !!! And this weather make's me so happy !!!! 
Beautiful weather :) Vacation coming up ! :) New hair :) Turning a year older this weekend :( hahahahhaa .. 
Leaving the last of my tangible memories of my childhood and my momma behind ... All I have left is memories ... Sweet memories ... 
Yey jays coming home early from his hunting trip :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'M SO EXCITED !!!!! 
Can't wait to go home and go back to bed :) 
My friends threw me a surprise bday party !!! 
My surprise birthday party was fantastic and so much fun ... I have the greatest friends a girl can ever ask for . I seriously love every single one of them more then words can express .... 
Today is Monday , tomorrow is my Wednesday and Wednesday is my Saturday :) Vacation time is right around the corner ! :) 
If I could start again a million < PROPMALE > away , I would keep myself , I would find a way 
You can't choose your family but you can choose your friends . 
VaCaTiOn starts in 8 hours !!! 
its sad that I'm excited about a new episode of The bad girls club on Fancast .. 
25 MINUTES !!!!!!!! THEN BYE BYE < PROPMALE > !!!! 
AHHHHH VACATION TIME !!!!!!! 
Now in Arkansas !! 
< PROPFIRST > and I just fell inlove with little rock 
Headed back to Texas .. Beautiful drive ... 
I dreamt of her last night ... It makes me so angry That I have to live without her and it seems like everyone else has what I want \ 
Most ... 
About to head back to < PROPMALE > .. 
F U shoneys ... F u !!! 
Home sweet home ... 
I've never loved < PROPMALE > as much as I do this very moment ... Roadtrippin ' is just not for me ... 
Gah .. I hate paying bills .. But I like that I can do so .. 
I am so thankful for all my TRUE friends .. 
In\ 
memory of all babies born sleeping or whom we have carried , but never\ 
met , or held in our arms . Make this your profile status if you or\ 
someone you know has suffered a miscarriage or the loss of a baby . The\ 
majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo\ 
subject . 
is making homemade potato soup tonight .. yum yum 
Today\ 
is National Survivors of Suicide Day . If you have lost a loved one to\ 
suicide , you are thought of today . If you know someone who lost a loved\ 
one to suicide , please reach out to them today . 
Ordered pizza for lunch and they didn't cut it ! :( oh jeeze 
It's shotgun Sunday ! 
Woke up on the wrong side of the bed this morning .. Its only 9:15 am and there has already been 3 casualties .. Let's hope this cup of coffee helps .. for the sake of others .. lol 
6 1/2 more hours !!!!!!!! Then the thanksgiving festivities begin ... 
ONE MORE HOUR !!!! Then Blue will taxi < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > McDonald and I home , wine , dinner & rest .. Oh sweet butters .. 
Going back to bed . Bye bye black Friday .. 
Back out for black Friday ... Gonna do some Christmas shopping with my awesome friends then may get into some trouble tonight :) 
I want a bouquet of carrots .... 
Going shopping with the hubby bear . I love this long weekend ... I love this weather , I love good hair days ..... 
Opportunities have expiration dates 
This weekend just didn't last long enough ... Now looking forward to Christmas and the time off that comes with it ... 
mmm grilled hamburgers for dinner ... stephy and hubby were so sweet to have dinner ready when i got home from work . :) 
is getting a headache .. I swear .. these end of the day headaches are wearing out their welcome .. :( 
omgeee ... its way too cold outside .. I wish we had a fireplace in this dang house !!!!!!! 
It's so hard to get moving today ... It's so cold .... 
is rocking the hobo hat today .. 
FINALLY , after three days straight of uploading all my freakin cd's to my itunes , its almost done ! looks like maybe 10 or so cd's left ... now on to figuring out what all these untitled ones are .. dang .. 
Change\ 
your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To\ 
not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight\ 
against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite\ 
your friends to do the same 
I need to start taking vitamins I think .. I'm always so tired and never have any energy .. Any recommendations ? 
Changeyour FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? Tonot see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fightagainst child abuse & copy & paste to your status to inviteyour friends to do the same 
wants to see The Kings speech ... 
is curious , what are you guys asking for chirstmas ? What is your \must have\ " this year ? " 
Romping around Texas city ... 
Done Christmas shopping , found my new years dress on sale :) , got my new years calender and my car washed ! What a productive day !!!!! 
I never got the memo about the parade down hwy 6 till I turned into it on my way to dinner ... :( 
Dinner tonight with my mother in law < PROPFEMALE > Rankin ! Fun fun !!! 
Today is my mom's birthday . I love you and miss you very much . rip ? 
#31985 You came into my life at the best moment .. You make me smile and you just keep proving what a great friend you are . You are true , you tell it like it is and your beautiful ! :) And I love you ! 
#9993 Your my favorite ! Your so sweet , and kind ... You are beautiful inside and out ! xoxo 
Send a # to my inbox , and I set a status about you \anonymously . \ " :] when you see your # you will know it is something for you !! " 
#8844 You have turned out to be a lovely woman & mother . You've always proven yourself to be loyal and honest and I admire you more and more as the years go by . Plus you make pretty babies ! :) 
13- I remember you always being so nice and funny ... You always had a smile on your face ... You were part of my fondest memories of high school and I love seeing how wonderful your life turned out . I'm proud of you ! 
527- your my rock and my second half ! Your the most amazing person and you are my family . I love you so much !!!! Your the bestest friend ever !!!!!! 
#16 I miss your crazy antics ! You used to make orchestra so fun ! 
98745- You are such a sweetie .. I miss you ! You were always positive and reassuring when I was down and you always made me want to do better in all aspects of my life . I don't think you realize how much impact you have on people :) You have a beautiful family ... 
#205 - We have been through a lot , and I'm just so happy with the way things have turned out .. You have turned into a beautiful woman and fantastic mother .. I wish we < PROPMALE > out more but I'll take what I can get :) 
#8008 - You are my heart and soul . You have the spirit of a child but the wisdom of age . You are one of the few that I can cry with , laugh with and leave with a renewed passion for life . You support me and I love you more then words can express . 
#782 - Miss T < PROPFEMALE > ! You have always been my fan from day 1 . You are a true friend and have always been . I don't get to < PROPFEMALE > out with you as much as I'd like but when we do , it's like no time has passed . You have taught me new things , you let me grow and you always look out for me . You are my sista ' from anotha ' mista ' haha .. I love you so much ! 
#27 - Even though you have every reason , you don't act like your better then anyone . You don't judge people . You know what you have and you appreciate it . You always act like a lady . Unlike some nasty few , you don't snub people or go out of your way to intentionally hurt someones feelings .. 
427- We started out best friends and down the road I failed at my job of friend . I'm sorry . I love that we can still keep in touch though . I am so proud of you and what you've done and that little ball of sunshine you gave birth too . You have turned into a beautiful young woman and I am thankful you gave me another < PROPMALE > . Thank you . 
#5912 - I love you ! You have a big heart and the greatest smile . You always keep me on my toes and I love hanging out with you !!! :) 
2010 is almost\ 
over ! Confess one thing you\ 
always wanted to say to me ! \ 
[ INBOX ONLY ] put this as your\ 
status ! You might be surprised ! 
Making homemade chicken and dumplins'!!! :) 
thinking of going to < PROPFEMALE>'s wonderland next weekend .. who's down for piling in the truck ??? 10 people < PROPMALE > ! 
Made some homemade chili for the office today .. yum yum ... 
has the most stubborn headache ... :( 
uhhh .. I'm in such a bad mood ... stupid bad dreams , stupid non working sleep function on the damn tv that kept me up half the night , stupid people , stupid weather , stupid christmas music .. 
Aw a retail customer brought me Christmas cookies ! How sweet !!! 
My dad just told me the most heart breaking thing I could ever hear ... He doesn't want anything for Christmas .. He just wants her .. me too 
ear ache .. :( Anyone know where to get sweet oil or know what it is ? 
Looking forward to christmas with my family . :) So much to do still ! At least I was done christmas shopping and wrapping a couple of weeks ago . :) 
I seriously think something is living in the cabinets above my stove ... < PROPFIRST>'s not here and I don't think a taser is going to help ... 
Of course I'd catch a cold three days before Christmas .. Especially since I have to cook for a million people .. 
Christmas music makes me want to puke ... 
About to leave work and not coming back till Monday morning . :) YEY For Christmas ! 
Just had Christmas with the in laws ! :) I love them ... Now for the rankin christmas with our besties :) 
I have a feelin that I'll be sent home from work soon with this rain ... oh gloomy days .. perfect weather for hot cocoa & Sweeney < PROPMALE > :) 
Oh what a day .. Looking forward to kicking 2010 in the ass tomorrow night .. Goodbye & good riddance ... ( but bittersweet ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Henderson LeBlanc ' S Stew is the bomb .. :) Just like my momma used to make . yum yum 
Oh lazy sunday ... doing laundry and hanging with the hubby before he starts his new job in the morning ! :) 
Seems like everyone's status update is in regards to dreams they had last night .. Mine was weird .. very weird .. 
Yey I'm going bowling with my Daddy for his birthday this weekend ! I'm so excited . It's been a tough few months and I can't wait for him to do something he truely enjoys .. He deserves it :) 
The things my husband says .... \wanna share a plate of oysters ? If not that'd be \ " shelfish\ " get it ?!? \ " hahahahahahaha " 
Just finished our budget for next month . Now to shower and relax with some family guy re runs ... 
It's killing me , miss you . want you by my side .... 
Oh thats right .. its almost that time of year again ! COOK OFF TIME !! Maybe this year we can take the championship brisket again !!!!! woohoo !!!!!!!! 
At work .. And it's raining :( But looking forward to the day regardless . 
Excited about my lunch date with < PROPFIRST > Baker 
I drink a coffee every morning , comes from a place that's far away , and when I'm done I feel like taking , without you here , there is less to say ... 
Wishing my husband < PROPFIRST > Rankin luck at his orientation at HPD . Nail it baby ! :) 
Did anyone watch the premier of skins ? If so , what do you think about it ? 
Nasty weather :( I hate driving in this stuff 
is EXPECTING !! I know , I know , it's crazy isn't it ? I can't believe it myself . I wasn't going to put it on here because it's obvious but wanted to make it official . I mean who would have guessed that we are expecting !! Yup it's official . We are expecting * SNOW * Thursday night and AGAIN Friday !! 
Everythings frozen ! My grass , my doorknob , my car .... :( if freeze brought it's friend snow , I would be more forgiving ... 
Leaving work at noon , shopping for Tristens bday party tomorrow then resting :) 
Just wanted to share something with my facebook friends , Please do not use First Class reality . They are crooks and dishonest . It has been a nightmare dealing with them . Whatever you do , do not buy a house from them or rent any of there properties ... Thanks 
So bored ... about to fall asleep standing up ... 
one more hour ! Then preparing for Miss < PROPFEMALE > Holmes ' Birthday partay ! YEYEYEY 
Fabulous night ... I FREAKIN LOVE EXTREME BOWLING ! never been bowling with such a huge group of people ! Worked out like a charm !! Gonna make this a habit ! 
Woke up late , with a cold and a nasty case of pink eye ... then my neighbor blocked my car in and I had to bang on his door for twenty minutes for him to wake up .. of course that didn't help me get to work on time .. wth .. why is it so hard to park in your spot so you're not blocking people in ?!? 
A customer just told me I must not clean or do dishes because my nails \are pretty\ " ... ummm .. rude ! " 
On my way to getting things in order .. Feels great ! 
COOK OFF NEXT WEEK ! YEY ! 
Oh the cook off crazyness has begun . I won't see my husband much for the next two weeks .. But booze , brisket & a band .. can't get better :) 
Work then mani/pedi with Mr. < PROPMALE > Wood looking forward to relaxing ! 
Nice and cool outside .. Going to take < PROPFEMALE > Jalapeno to the dog park , then tan then well I dunno .. Where ever my crazy ass lands .. 
Hate renewing my car registration ... There goes my shoe money .. Dang 
Oh busy busy week so far .. Come on friday ... Then Cook off time ! 
So excited !!! The cook off starts tonight ! The hubby is a busy < PROPFEMALE > early this morning , I get to see my freakin awesome sister in law < PROPFEMALE > Rankin and maybe Mr. Clay Leatherwood ?!? 
Hey guys , if you know someone with a CDL Looking for a truck driving position email me , our 1960/mills and < PROPFEMALE > location are hiring a driver .. 
Cook off !!!!!! Maybe we will take championship brisket again !!!! 
The cookoff saves lives :) 
Last night was a blast .... Waiting for round two !! 
My hubby made bomb ribs ... We just have our finalist walk !!!!! 
Just wanted to update you guys on how jays team did over the weekend . We placed top 10 in ribs , chicken and brisket and won the recycling award , of course , again :) 
< PROPFIRST > Moran just came into my office again .. gave me his business card .. haha .. this guy .. cracks me up .... 
feels terrible .. burning up , can't breath and my chest feels like I practiced fire breathing all night ... I hate spring because I'm so busy I can't even stay home .. 
I feel like death eating on a dill pickle : x 
New iPhone , new clothes(FYI , lavo in the mall = dream come true ) , new shoes .... \ 
Great day !!! 
Now my phones not working .. wth ?! how can a new iphone work one minute then the next its deader then a door nail ? It wont even charge ?!?! 
Sad day .. both my daddy and my brother are moving on the 5th .... out of state .. practically the only family I have left are leaving me here .. 
Is so tired .. needs more sleep 
She had her hands ... 
Facebook friends , please help .. I need to find a psychiatrist that can diagnose ADD in the nw or west ( < PROPFEMALE > ) part of town ... Please email me if you know one !!! thanks !!!! btw , if they take blue cross blue shield that'd be a huge bonus ! 
SOOOO BUSY !!! I HATE spring !!! 
Just put my vacation request in .. Come on May 23rd !!!! 
What loser spends there Friday night at sams club ?! THIS LOSER !!! 
Oh let the madness begin ... Hurry please Mr. 5 o'clock! 
Convo between me and my boss : Me : \omg 
Going to dinner for Alessia's birthday !!! My little sista ' from anotha ' mista ' is a year older today !!! 
Wow amazing ... Salmon and champagne ! 
The pecking order irritates the ever living crap out of me .. We are the reason they have what they have .. we go without and they just keep taking ... It would be nice to be acknowledged every once in a while 
GTL time ... Well the g part ... T and L are done ... 
Awesome work out , now for a home made chicken , rice and broccoli dinner :) 
there's a knock to his fist as he swings , oh man , what a beautiful thing .. 
Every now and then , soft as breath upon my skin I feel you come back again , and it's like you haven't been gone a moment from my side .. There's one more angel watching over me .. I believe . 
Just owned GTL ... Cacawwww !! 
Already lost 10lbs , and three shades darker .. oh jeeze .. here we go :) 
Seriously , just got yelled at by a customer for answering my work phone line while she's standing in front of me , even though I kindly said , pardon me just a moment . Then yelled at for the prices of material and refusing to \cut a deal\ " with some white boy thug who claims his ford 150 is a hummer h2 . WTF . " 
banana 
About to bid my daddy a sad farewell 
I'm not bi polar , I'm bi winning 
I hate april fools .. if you try to pull one over on me , I'm gonna punch you in your face :) 
Going to baker street ! Happy birthday < PROPFEMALE > ! 
This only one day off thing sucks Right about now ... I never have time to do anything :( 
