it's a new year ! go on and kiss , kiss . 2010 isn't for prudes . :) 

In CT at the moment , drove upp about twothree hours to get here . They live on hills . :) 
Holyshizz . I'm back . And barely alivee . x ] 
Pictures on the downloaad . :) 
Drag Me To Hell ;; frickenn ' scariest movie I've ever seen . I almost criedd , geezus . 
Yarpp , I'm at my baby's < PROPFIRST>'s house ! Sigh , what a cutie . :) 
My mom is sitting righht next to me . :] -cough- 
Good luck , Jacksoonnn ... :) 
Milk drips when you take it too fast ! 
You are so selfish ! You're going to have that body the rest of your life and I just want it for one night . 
Apart from being sexy , what do you do for a living ? ... < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
Lmao , I did it again . :) 
Geezy , did we really just make that eighteen ? x ] 
And she's ... sexy as hell ! No , not that one . 
To the shower I go . :] 
Aw , shucks ... 
Racquetball is fer dorrrks . 
Haha , she lies . She thinks he is the abosolute sexx . ;) 
Out to the churches , babe . :) 
Oh shiz , I just checked my own quiz . I marked one of the answers wrong ! I don't have a middle name after all . Opps . :) 
Aw , I'm with my mom . :) 
Gosh , I didn't know that this song had those memories in it . 
bop it , twist it , pull it , flick it , spin it ! :) 
please ? pretty please ? 
< PROPFIRST > , check your inbox , jesus ! 
back from the father figure . :) 
scrabble sucks , it's all about pictionary ! :) 
traffic must suck like a whore in downtown right now . :) 
happy fourth of july ! i wish you many exploding objects and soggy hot dogs . :) 
went to see the fireworks with the parental and bro . :) 
i'm a < PROPFIRST>'s with my < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
warp the rainbow , taste the rainbow . :) 
boy , it's hot in heree ! ;) 
signing off , sweet dreams , babes . :) 
pssh , who needs their volume up at level 36 anyway ? :) 
only way to save , only at giant eagle . :) 
aww , a very happy month to us . :) 
i've watched ocean's twelve three times consecutively , and i still don't fully get the plot ! x ] 
how would you pronouce a name that starts with an X ? i mean , like , wtf ? 
blueberries ; the big ones are sweet , the little ones are SOUR ! :) 
to sleep , to sleep , goodnight all . :) 
frigid , tight-fisted whore . >=( 
goinn ' out to eat later , and shannahanna is acominn ' . :) 
with < PROPFIRST > trying to figure out who can < PROPFEMALE > out today ! :) 
my landline's broken ! and i guess , also with madacious . :) 
hellothere , world ! :) 
showinn ' my mom the ropes of facebook . blehh . :( 
going to the mall later ' round ... three-ish ? :) 
god , why won't facebook space right ?! 
those are DAMNN good lemon cookies . :) 
warwarwar ! after that , there's nothing left anymore . 
i wonder who took all the rubber bands . :) 
my throat hurts . ouch . :( 
at the westerhood library ! someone come and save me please . x ) 
reading two full paged books in one day probably hurts my brain right now . xD 
dowdy folks are less loved . poor them . :( 
dammit , i was i could change the year of my birthday . >=[ 
yeah , i'm a roller coaster , yeah , i go up and down , side to side and up the holster , yeah , i go loopy loopy , i go loco loco insane , call < PROPFIRST > busey , i'm in that pink limousine . :) 
all generalizations are generally false . :) 
girlies hit me up because the homie is famous . :) with lysserrs . :D 
finally on at the library . :) 
i ain't sayin ' she a golddigga , but she ain't messin ' with no broke . :) 
psst . there is a possibility this isn't < PROPFEMALE > . but lets not worry about that . :) 
haha , aaall byyy myyseeelff . :( 
< PROPFEMALE > comin ' over in a bitt , then runnin ' for a little while with < PROPMALE > . :) 
back from the retreat , babies . :) 
< PROPFIRST > gallner is quite possibly , the most scrumptiously talented actor alive . ;) 
gonna go , gonna rape my kitchenn . :) 
god , i'm stupid ! why did i do that ? that hurt in a way i didn't think it would . :( 
haha , i didn't think i'd ever see a meteor shower . :) 
GIRL , YOUR ******* LOOK REAL NICE TO ME TONIGHT ! LET'S HAVE A PILLOW FIGHT ! I KNOW YOU'RE TIGHT ! THAT'S WHEN WE TURN OFF THE LIGHTS ! ;) 
arghh , my tummy hurts ! but on the bright side , all time low's prehh-tty darn soothing . :) 
went indoor glowinthedarkk putt-putting today for < PROPMALE>'s birthday , haha . :) 
who's bring sexybackk ? mhmm . ;) 
WHAT ?! no ! < PROPFEMALE > is the cutest , sexiest thing on earth ! >=[ 
yeah ? well , that song sucks . i never liked it anyway ! 
OMFG , they made an unlike button , sweet ! x ] oh yeah , and now everyone HATES it . even the producer . i'm an awful song writer , really . 
okay , so the producer AKA < PROPFEMALE > , liked it . it went public . and the hits went down faster than hooker on a teenaged boy ! so HAH ! 
grr . x [ or you could be d-u-m-b . but that's okay , it's a good thing you have a pretty face ! :) 
bleh , < PROPFEMALE > cade weaver is stupid and a liar ! but that's okay , because i lie too . she's the prettiest , and bestest < PROPFEMALE > i've ever had . :) 
goddammit , if only they made smiley faces with the expression i have now ! she's like , the supercalifragilisticexpialidocious of all that is pretty . 
she's too pretty to not realize she's not ugly . 
oh , i see . well , < PROPFEMALE > is a chronic liar . she just , lies , lies , lies . it's alright , people , it's not contagiouz . that's why i don't lie . much . :) 
ugh , see , there she goes again ! haha , alright , goodnight people . :) 
remember people , there those who are winners , and those that aren't! 
who has a fucked up schedule ? i do , i do ! i mean , who has to switch lunches every semester anyway ? 
i'm gonna miss you . :/ but i'm gellinn'! go dr. scholl's . :) 
oh , i'm ready for it , c'mon , bring it ! 
so , tomorrow morning : five thirty ; greet to mr. moon . six ; eat breakfast and procede to emo in my dark corner . six fourty some ; walk down to the bus stop of doom . six fiftey two ; spontaneously combust . 
at the book placce with elliss . :) 
they say those teenagers scare the living shit out of me . strike them a violent pose and they'll leave you alone . ;) 
my lunch is so lonely . :( 
watching the matrix on a&e . :) 
i'm so slick , you're gonna need some sandpaper if you're standinn ' next to me . ;) 
i haven't been on in a week . sorry , pretties . :) 
haha , i'm on for dad . :) 
mom , goddammit . pick up the phone . :( 
when we say [ juicebox ] - aj rafeal . love your voicee . ;) 
if you were a movie , i'd totally rent you . :) 
KANYE SUCKS ! APES ! >=[ 
I\M GONNA TAKE IT OFF NOW ! ;) " 
i miss mr. boyd . :( ms. hamler can suck my anglesideside ! 
aww , i'm sorry i didn't buy your laminated books , mr. pamphlet . :( 
WANTED : sexy asian looking for the sexiest sexsex guy to take her to homecoming . ;D ( preferabley single ) 
edit ; looking for said sex guy to take to NORTH's homecoming . my bad . :) 
aww , just kidding , < PROPMALE > . i'mma about to hit the hay . tres tired . :) 
alright , just for the record , anyone going to the south homecoming ? ;) 
oh , i see how it is . i'mma gonna go BANKRUPT now , aren't i ? damn monoply . 
shake it like an earthquake ! ;) 
bahh , my project poster is taller than me . 40x60 ! damn . 
ATTENTION NORTH KIDS ! ; take up your homecoming pictures , please . :) 
better be scared , gonna come eatchu . :) 
i'm tired , but i smell like bonfire . yum . :) 
i wish there was a heater for my ass . good game though ! :) 
taking hot , steamy showers are peaceful . :) 
hello , homeskilletbisket . read my new note post while i ta-ta off to dreamland . :) 
and i found you in the ocean blue , fake sky < PROPFEMALE > colored bones poke through , and i can never write a lullaby for you , for you . :) 
i found an acorn yesterday . suck it , bitch . 
let's go rape some kids tonight , guys ! :D 
if you're not careful , darling , your mouth could swallow you whole . :) 
can i hear snore ? sweet dreams , everyone . :) 
se maquilla ; to put on her makeup . :) 
bonne nuit . good nights . :) 
who's going trickortreating tomorrow ?! yeaya . :) 
aw ! my < PROPFEMALE > swore . :) 
haha , just go YOU tonight . :) 
i just got tight with my UPS driver , yo . :) 
going to the papa's! if you need me , call me . :) 
watching el superduperspecialwalnut brownies cook . :) 
omg . they have an UNLIKE button ?! o . 0 
all the right moves , yeaahh , we're going down . :) 
classical music makes me smile . :) 
i have glitter underneath my nails and it won't come out . what can i say ? i'm a < PROPFEMALE > . :) 
oh geez , those damn dat rape drugs . ;) 
P3NI2 . my postopia cereal box password . :) 
more black guys should sing for rock boy bands . :) 
yeah , i think i'd be a mighty ninja . :) 
damn ! peanut butter makes your mouth STICKY . ;) 
walk like a gentleman and curse like a wave , we look so good and then you throw it away . cause we all got problems when it comes to the soul , who needs anyone ? 
today's huganasian day . have you hugged your asian ? :) 
i wish my voice was as deep as that announcer on < PROPFEMALE > wars . :) 
working on eros . :) 
so i just found out that my video camera doesn't connect to my computer . who out there's a whiz and wants to help me complete my project ? :) you'll be a sweetie , i swear . 
well , darn , you just suck like a bad whore , don't you ? :) 
yarrghh , i eat youuu . >:D 
haha , i'm about to put up the christmas tree ! i'm so excited ! :) 
ergh . strep is not dope . go excused abscences . 
it's christmas in hollywood , < PROPFEMALE>'s back up in the hood , so meet me under the mistletoe , let's fuck ! :) 
i gotta say , i have my fingers crossed for a white christmas this year . :) 
for the record , i did have a < PROPFEMALE > christmas today . (: 
i wonder if people use rogaine on anywhere else other than their heads ... :| 
feel the beat now , don't be afraid to get down . say i don't wanna be in love , i don't wanna be in love . :) 
why must limewire be such a pain in the ass ? :) 
uncle , why are you touching me ?! o . 0 
aha , my laundry machine is making funny monster noises . >:D 
exactly how DO these situations get sticky ? 0 . o 
i speak two languages . body and english . ;) 
god ! why do all these fan pages have to be so DAMN true ?! XD 
argh , today is such a monday . 
AH !! BIRTHDAY TREATS ! numnumnumnumnum . :) 
CONCH PIERCING = SEX . thank you mom and < PROPFIRST > from bodystain for making it all come true . :) 
ahehe , i have broken pretzals on the floor and jizz on the walls . i'm having fun . ;) 
screwing a class of language arts for ballroom dancing makes me smile . :) 
now beware , brother . i could OWN your midget ass . :) 
why , oh , why do we have to wear clothes ? they're such a pain in the ass ! 
cannot find the dumplings . oh shit . 0.0 
what if we're trying so hard to find proof , that we miss what's already there ? 
i played COD for the first time and climbed a huge fucking tree . I AM COMPLETE . :D 
you know it's time to check your email when the amount of messages in your inbox equals the year we're living in . -_-' 
oh man , it's a great thing that i had such an KICKASS weekend because my body is crazy tired . xD 
because we have to keep the party aliiivee ... GO FF5 ! :) 
now if only the sky matched the temperature , life would be great . :) 
SUCCESS ! my daddio's new computer and even better , the new internet works ! :) 
lmao , a four millimeter weiner . ;) 
these chicks don't even know the name of my band , they're all on me like they wanna hold hands , cuz once i blow they know that i'll be the man , all because I'M THE LEAD SINGER OF MY BAND ! :) 
i was dreaming about you last night . not in a creepy way , but in an inappropriate way . ;) 
oh , < PROPFEMALE > . is mr. watson a substitute for mr. boyd ? :) 
now , let the bodies hit floor . :) 
i just took my brother on in an invigorating game of checkers . him = laughing at me = never playing again . XD 
today , i pretended i was < PROPFEMALE > from the titanic while i stood on the corner of my second story deck , faced the wind with < PROPFIRST > behind me , and felt quite beautiful . :) 
if it's weed , it's okay . if it's coke or meth , DON'T TAKE IT ! 
dude , my paternal grandpa just died . god bless . rip . :( 
love , love , love , can't get enough of love . fall down with my face down . :) 
coming home after a whole day of no classes , pathetically entertaining dance-offs , working at a latino booth with a white person , making a castle for everyone's favorite algebra teacher , and breaking into someone else's house while they egg you on viciously ... i think i need to watch some cartoonnetwork . :) 
from yesterday , it's coming , from yesterday , the fear , from yesterday , it calls him , but he doesn't wanna read the message here , on his face is the map of the world . :) 
POPTARTS KEEPS THE WORLD FROM STOPPING . :D 
oh , god . i never knew until i looked back . i am so sorry . 
so , i went to the dentist today . how exactly are you supposed to position your tongue when they fiddle around on your teeth ? o . 0 
sexually , mentally , physically , emotionally , i'll be like your medicine , you'll take every dose of me . :) 
i know how I'm going to die . death by choking on my mucus ! fuck these allergies . XD 
you know it's time to change the channel when animal planet starts to make you cry . XD 
i'd love to see you , but a thousand < PROPMALE > seems a little too far to walk for me . :) 
has a fever . A DANCE FEVER ! ;D 
i was thinking about getting three dogs and naming each one waka , flocka , and flame . i figured if i ever lost them , i could have an excuse to run around the public screaming ' WAKA FLOCKA FLAME!' nonstop . :) 
only real thugs would be hardcore enough to curbstomp an orange . try not to be too jealous . :) 
girl , i gotta go ! i'm finished with the show , if you wanna ____ me , i won't say no ! touchin ' on my ____ , while i'm touchin ' on your ____ ! you know that we are gonna ____ , cause i don't give a ____ ! -3OH!3's new single . :) 
is working on raising a 15%F . in < PROPMALE > . fuuuuuuckk me nooow . -_- 
as rihanna would say , the weather right now is SO HOT , SO HOOOT ! x ) 
i have two favorite things in the world . unibears ... and CHIGGERS ! :D 
the chemistry between liars like you and me ignites like gasoline . :) 
so many asians at the asian festival ! hello brothers and sisters . :) 
psh , who wants a relationship anymore ? all i want is a cuddle < PROPMALE > . :) 
fucking yeeeaaaaaya man . no school and summer's pretty cute . :) 
over at da triplet's place , facebooking in the dark with the fan on . what a life . :) 
i was eating chocolate and saw some chocolate on my finger . after a couple moments of licking it , i discovered it was a pen stain . -_- 
getting friend requests from family members makes me feel obligated . ergh . 
ah , the supreme greatness of a flipflop tanline . :) 
about to board the plane soon to the homeland . if the sky ever decided to fall , it better not fall now , or else we're all fucked . i love you guys , leave me nice american things for when i get back . :) 
MAMA'S BACK IN TOWN ! :DD haha , i'm back in the states and have souvenirs to give oouuuttt . :) 
i want to be like ms. fine when i grow up ! :) but hopefully i won't find my mr. sheffield by loosing my job . >_> 
brilliance , however , cannot be scheduled . 
i think it would be perfectly suitable that if a ghost would ever haunt my house , it would have to be < PROPFIRST > mays . if anybody ever started to clean anything , he'd start screaming OXICLEAN ! :) 
oh , hotdamn . < PROPFEMALE > was right when she said take it off . ;) 
haha , i love a good southern accent . ;) 
c'mon now , mr. 2010 . does summer REALLY have to end ? :) 
i think i have dyslexia . i just read someone's status and thought they said they chopped their balls off . -_- 
moms are a hassle . period . 
who's ready for school ?! OH HELL YEAH , I AM ! :D ... aha , not . 
my little sister just asked if she was prettier in pants or a dress . oh my , what a cutie . :) 
I DEMAND TO BE SNUGGLED WITH . NOW . :) 
the only addiction i see here is comfort . and that in itself is the worst addiction known to man . 
that's so nagger of you . :D 
poor team rocket , they're so under appreciated . pikachu steals all the attention . :\\ 
at the emergency room with my brother&co . he is such a freakin ' wuss . even if he does have a great gash in his head . god . >.> 
a lesbian stripper . i know what i want to be when i grow up . 
does anyone else find it ironic that they played aladdin on tv on 9/11 ? :D 
i'm curious , mr. facebook . what the hell were some of these parents smoking when they gave their kids their middle names ? 0 . o 
drugs are for thugs . :3 
i was on the way back home and the car in front of me had the license plate ' < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>' . and they were black . i think i just died . 
if you're an ugly slut , leave your shirt on and wear panties with a cut out hole . girl , nobody wants to see that shit ! 
people should laugh more often . it's attractive . :) 
MOVE BITCH , GET OUT THE WAY . GET OUT THE WAY , BITCH , GET OUT THE WAY ! if only they would play this in the hallways at school . :\\ 
honestly , if i had DD boobs and a bumpit , snookie and i would be best friends . :) 
sometimes when i feel like making fun of my stepdad , i talk in chinese with my mom . 
if < PROPFEMALE > fox had a british accent , there would be no hope for girls anymore . : Ö 
when i was a baby , i had to have looked like a miniature buddha . bald , fat , and shirtless . :) 
aww ... why , wassup ? :) 
baracka flocka flame . head of the mufuckin ' state , niggaaa . :) 
why are chick peas called chick peas ? BECAUSE THEY'RE NOT DUDE PEAS ! ahahahhaha . xD 
boys are only good for three things : moving furniture , killing bugs , and sex . 
S . W . A . G = somethingweasiansgot . ;) 
guhh , you were a lot cuter when your mouth was shut . :\\ 
my grandpa is the cutest old man ever . caught him practicing the macarena . :) 
screw an hourglass shape , i'm the most voluptuous rectangle there is . 
it's a little early , but i hope < PROPFIRST>'s day this year comes out with four armed snuggies . :D 
i'm an oriental flavored bite-sized milky way but baby , i'm delicious . ;) 
i wonder how the kids feel when < PROPFIRST > mcdonald goes out for a smoke break . 
wow , you're so dirty , i had to pull up a porn site real fast when my mom walked by so she wouldn't be suspicious ! :) 
AUGH YEEAAAHHHH , NO SCHOOL TOMORROW , BITCHES ! <3 
nutella : the best orgasm you will ever get . 
i have 8 boxes of hot pockets in my freezer . UH HELLS YEAH . 
i just wanna marry a hippy . do they believe in marriage ? i'll have cute little asian hippy babies with little mini baby beards . we can have family outings to lucky house barefoot . :D 
i see you , you little ant thing . don't think you have me fooled by your clever little six-leggedness and hiding behind everything ! 
sometimes when i feel down , i facecreep myself to remember how awesome i am . is that normal ? :\\ 
fedora hats are for tools . don't be a tool . 
you know , god made light switches for ugly people . 
holy hell , forgot about my own birthday until i logged onto facebook . thanks for the birthday wishes , you bitches :) 
NOW SHAKE YO MONEYMAKER LIKE SUMBODY BOUT TO PAY YA <3 
everyone hates the work but loves the money . yeahhh , we're pretty much all hookers . 
good ass weekend :) 
fuck , i hate catching a cold in non-winter seasons . 
i must say , i have a guilty habit of challenging people to play ninja , losing way too fast , and then having a rematch to lose again . nonstop ninja is just in my genes . :3 
and then she pulled out my mushroom tip , and when she pulled it out , it went dripdripdrip .... i didn't know she had that GI-Joe kungfu grip . :) 
that awkward moment when your friend gets yelled at by their parents in the same room and you're busy pretending to text and find imaginery dirt under your fingernails ... 
