There is no fear in love ; but perfect love casteth out fear : because fear hath torment . He that feareth is not made perfect in love . ~ 1 < PROPFIRST > 4:18 

Is wondering when ... aww oh well haha ! 
:) 
... In the beginning was the Word , and the Word was with God , and the Word was God . < PROPFIRST > 1:1 .... and if you don't know I'm telling you again God is sovereign over all thing !! 
Church was awesome ! And my pockets are full of nuggets from discovery !! I'd say thus far this day has been great ! God is awesome ! 
What's on mym ind you ask ... God is awesome ! I for one am most glad that God is sovereign ! Unspeakable joy ... is on my mind and heart ! Yay ! I'm excited ! 
What's on my mind you ask ... God is awesome ! I for one am most glad that God is sovereign ! Unspeakable joy ... is on my mind and heart ! Yay ! I'm excited ! 
cold ... 
Yum ... brownies ! 
\A Time For Christmas\ " was wonderful ! Excellent job ! " 
:) ... Isa . 9:6 
Hmm .. It isn't so bad to get a lump of coal for christmas ... you could always BBQ ! 
Hmmm ... wow feels like it was just < PROPFIRST > ... and I was excited about my last semester .. and now it's about to be < PROPFIRST > uary ?? ? again ugh ! Still God is on my mind and He is awesome ! YAY God ! 
For unto us a child is born ...... Remember Jesus is the reason for the reason !!! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
The New Year is fast approaching ! 
Hmm ... if you have to ask ... you'll never know ? 
I'm mad Tesslyn < PROPFEMALE > Land doesn't know she says \How goes ? \"" 
Aww .. I'm touched . Thanks Ms. Land ... to take back my previous status ! 
Aww .. 
Hmmm ... Wow ... everyone seems to be going on cruises . 
Thank you , Lord ! 
Jesus is making intercession for us ! Are you going to praise your Creator , Savior , Him who is supreme over all things ?! Or are you going to dabble in the world ? I thank God that we have a choice ! The question is who will you choice ? God is awesome ! 
Jesus is making intercession for us ! Are you going to praise your Creator , Savior , Him who is supreme over all things ?! Or are you going to dabble in the world ? I thank God that we have a choice ! The question is who will you choose ? God is awesome !!!! 
Hmm ... it just occured to me I need an optometrist and a dentist quick , fast , and in a hurry ... disadvantages of moving far from home state .... why couldn't I just bring Dr. < PROPFIRST > and Dr. Cooper with me HAHAHA ! Yikes ! 
So ... what's on your mind ? 
What an awesome day . 
Let’s stop claiming we know Jesus , and accept Jesus Christ as our Lord . We must quit living for our own selfish desires and live for our Savior . When are we going to stand up for the Truth and turn away from what we want to be true ? Let us begin loving what God loves , and hating what God hates ! Come my Christian brothers and sisters let’s stop saying “yeah , I’m a Christian” and lets be one ! 
Let’s stop claiming we know Jesus , and accept Jesus Christ as our Lord . We must quit living for our own selfish desires and live for our Savior . When are we going to stand up for the Truth and turn away from what we want to be true ? Let us begin loving what God loves , and hating what God hates ! Come my Christian brothe ... rs and sisters let’s stop saying “yeah , I’m a Christian” and lets be one ! 
Levy , your the best ! I love you man ! 
Ah Saints come now ! 
WAHOO !! Who dat ? Yea , it's for real !!! 
... hmmm did I miss something ? 
God is awesome ! Thank you Jesus ! 
To bake a cake or not to bake that is the question ... Perhaps I should wait until I'm ready to bake my Italian Creme and leave the Pillsbury to the cupcakes ... hmm .. Mariposa de Cristo ... see what you started lol . 
Thank you Lord for a renewed mind in you today ! Isn't God awesome ?! Thank you Jesus ! 
Okey doke . 
Okey doke ... When you don't know what to do praise Him , when you don't have the answer praise Him , when you think the race is over praise Him .... and when everything is all good and you know exactly what to do ... then you know to Praise Him . God is awesome ! Thank you Jesus for the victory ! 
Hmmm ... well that worked ! 
My eyes are screaming for a break ... Why can't I see 20/20 ... or close to it . :( Oh well . 
God is awesome ! 
This is a true story ... wow lol . 
\I read the last book of the bible and I know what lies ahead\ " * < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > voice * ... This is a true story ... wow lol . Two separate thougths ... this is a true story . " 
It's amazing ... It's amazing .. I am a friend of God ... He calls me friend . 
God is awesome ... 23 years .... and wonderous years to come . Thank you Lord for the blessing of another year . Thank you all for the Birthday Wishes . Much Love !!! 
Just enjoyed an awesome birthday with my lovely friends !! You all are wonderful Tesslyn Land , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Pena , < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > e Che , and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > ! Love YOU !!! Thank you ! I'm so blessed to have another year and friends ! 
\For it is God who works in you to will and to act according to his good purpose . \ " ~ < PROPMALE > 2:13 " 
Ohhh ... I think I'll watch Crooklyn ... yay me ! 
I'm in love with the only one who provides unfailing love !!!!!! God is awesome ! Thank you Lord of my life , Jesus Christ ! Thank you for the guidance of the Holy Spirit the rules my actions ! 
Excited !!! God is moving at City Church ! God is awesome ! 
... Ugh quit telling me your not into religion ... This isn't religion , this is reality . It's not based on religion ... it's based on truth . 
... Ugh quit telling me you're not into religion ... This isn't religion , this is reality . It's not based on religion ... it's based on truth . 
Ever wonder why ...? Yea , me neither ! 
I love loving Jesus Christ ! 
Christ is risen !!! Beaucoup souls were saved ... people were healed ! God is awesome . Altogether that sums up an awesome celebration of the resurrection of Christ !!! Thank you Lord ! Come fellowship with us next Sunday @ 11am . City Church 13123 I-10 Service Rd . < PROPFEMALE > 70128 
When I asked my baby brother how is he writing upside down he did NOT just refer me to an upside down fan < PROPFEMALE > ??!! 
This just in : My Baby BROTHER DID NOT TELL MY AUNT SHE Must be POSSESSED because SHE WAS SEEING UPSIDE DOWN !!!!!! Levy < PROPMALE > you're a mess .... Lmbo < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Is wondering if I want Lions and Liars Sho Baraka ?? hm ... 
So you're spiritual , what god are you serving today ? The one that gives you money or let's you have your Own way ? You're spiritual ! Who do you live for today the god who has you in bondage or are you serving you today ? Turn to Christ .. Yield to GOD ... your creator , your savior ... Let Him have His way ! 
Oh .. no ... why am I still awake !! Messing up my whole day !! Anyway .. . God is awesome ! 180U UNO Campus Church .. Tomorrow @7 pm ... in case you missed the memo .. location UNO ! It'll be awesome ... be there ! 
\I use to be so weak ... I feel for satans game ... But Jesus came and rescued me and now I'm not the same ... \"" 
I just don't get it ! How can we read what is clearly written in God's word and disregard it ... but we proclaim we are following Jesus . Dude what Jesus are you following ? Wake up ... wake up .. it's time to wake up ! We all have to wake up ! THE TIME IS NOW ! Read it , live it , love it ! BIBLE !!! GOD IS AWESOM !!! Thank you Lord for your loving mercy , thank you for salvation ! You see if you're still breathing you can get that 
Hmm . Some days I wake up and think I have it . Then I realize that in my wake-ness I was just dreaming ... ahaha . 
How long can you take it if you fake it until you make it ? 
Why do people always feel like it's their duty to get you down ??? Thank God ... I won't fall for that scheme . God is awesome ! 
Looking forward to Levy < PROPMALE > coming to visit NO in a month and a week ... lol :) 
Tonight dramatic sermon \Will You Be Ready\ " was simply awesome ... A wowing amount of souls were won to Christ tonight . God is awesome ! It's amazing how he uses different ministries to win people to Him . Get ready ! Join us next sunday @ 11 City Church of New Orleans " 
Learn something new everyday <3 
\Which one of ya'll cats going to rock the Ex-Masturbator shirt ? \ " ... \ " Ya'll cats is raw man ya'll know how bold ... that's bold statement\ " . Girl 1 \ " It needs to be heard\ " Girl 2 : \ " That's some bold chains that be on you\ " Girl 1 : \ " that's a bold Hell you gon ' go to too\ " ~ Video from P4CM " 
God is soooo awesome !!! 
Let me tell you about God ! He is soooo awesome !!! My vocabular is limited of his awesomocity ... \Seek ye first the kingdom of God ... \ " and even in the mist of a raging storm you find unspeakable joy and unexplainable peace ... That's where I am ! " 
You never know how important something is to you until you lose it ... Aww o well ! 
Levy < PROPMALE > is where is my mother's day note ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! Lol 
Yo yo yo . How can hear you hear about this God dog and not get impressed the one that gave the skies height and the ocean its depth . 
Yea ... I'm excited about this weekend . Something awesome is definitely ( about to ) happen ! No more shackles no more chains no more bondage I am free ENCOUNTER ... HOPE you don't miss it ! God is awesome ! 
I'm not unbreakable ... I can be broken . I am broken . I am free . 
To know < PROPFEMALE > oo much but can say < PROPFEMALE > little .... ugh enough said ! 
In life we make < PROPFEMALE > many choices ... the wisdom is realizing in each and every choice you make you either choosing to live for God , Jesus Christ , your Savior or your living for the world . What choices will you make today ? In that who will you serve ? 
Everyone sows and reaps .... are you sowing seeds of destruction leading to reaping the benefits of a devil's hell ... or are you sowing seeds of fruitfulness , godliness to reap the benefit of being in the presence of an almighty < PROPMALE > , Jesus Christ ? God is awesome . Jesus was sent to < PROPFEMALE > on a cross ( for absolutely everyone's sins ) and die and then resurrect for our lives ... We should choose to live for Him !! 
Congrats IBI students !!! City Church is awesome !!! The real living God is awesome !!! Join us next sunday City Church of New Orleans !!!! 
Yummmmmmmmm .... wedding cake cream snoball with condensed milk . God is good All the time ! 
is wondering why my mum won't let her think about her previous status for 2 days ... 
LOL !!! God is good ! Dig deeper ! 
Lord , today let my desires be of you . Let me thoughts be pleasing to you God . Let my worship be a sweet fragrance to your nostrils . Today I choose to live for you ... today and forever more . 
My little lil brother is funny . < PROPMALE > you should take in lil bro . 
I left my PF Changs ... I was loooking forward to lunch tomorrow ... or dinner .... whichever comes first . 
God is awesome ! Thank you Lord ! 
Feeling very productive . Completed that IBI application ... and up next Dental School application Yay ! Looking forward to seeing what God is going to do in IBI ! Levy < PROPMALE > ... spell shun .. LEAVE ME ALONE ! I love my brother he's wonderful ! God is awesome !! 
It's sad how people think it's cool to be homosexual . That is not the way God intended it to be , it's not pleasing to the Father . And any Christian who s 
ays it can't be helped you've blaspheme the holy spirit . Know God has power over all things ! 
It's sad how people think it's cool to be homosexual . That is not the way God intended it to be , it's not pleasing to the Father . And any Christian who says it can't be helped you've blaspheme the holy spirit . Know God has power over all things ! 
Hillshire ! Farm ! Go Meat@ 
Levy < PROPMALE > is crae ..... zeeeeeeeeeeeee 
Need something to do ... don't want nothing to do ... LMBO 
When weird conversations arise you can do one of two things .... ughhh scream ... go off and act crazy ( what you want to do ) or pray , ask the holy spirit to guide you in this situation and walk in peace , love , and joy ( what you don't feel like doing because you were just totally annoyed ) ... hmm I'll choose the latter ! God is awesome ! 
How can a young man keep his way pure ? By living according to your word ~ ps 119:9 
So ... i saw my mom and dad for 5 minutes .. in new orleans ... :'( .. and now they are leaving ... how rude ! 
I like Job ... his trials remind me that God ways are not my ways ... and it's not for me to know why everything is . It's not for me to judge .. but to just trust and believe on Him . Have faith , walk in righteousness and my reward is eternal life with Him . I'll stand strong . God is good all the time ... His mercy is great and his judgement are just . He is a just God ! 
Romans 5:6 -8 
is changing her status !!!! Yeah . So always know that putting God first in everything is the way to go ! 
God is awesome !!! 
Don't know why you say goodbye ... I say hello ? Hmm interesting , not really ! On a less confused note ... God is awesome !!! Love you mother , < PROPFEMALE > Garvin < PROPMALE > !!! 
Tesslyn Land why are you're neighbors moving furniture at 1:30 a ... ???!!! 
I'm excited !!! God is good ! I want to live for Him ... I'm going to live for Him . Nothing will stop me from living for Jesus ... 
Tesslyn Land is the best ! I love her !!! 
Never know how much you miss something until it's lost . :( 
:) I lost my MP3 player and found it in the Word of God ... literally .. HAHA God is awesome ! Yay ! Now I can praise&worship w/ music in my ears at work gain ! Worshipping you with my life and music on this day ! Thank you Jesus ! 
You mess up mess up again try to fix it .. mess that up . make a big mess of things . try to fix everything .. give it to God . then take it back by trying to fix it . mess up more . than you finally get it . Give it to God . Give your life to God . Give him everything . Live for him . Do his will . Stay strong in his word , his way . Read your bible and pray , but you got to use your heart . It's not religion , it's relationship ! Hm . 
Tesslyn Land you know Jesus is the reason for the season !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Garvin < PROPMALE > ... LOVE YOU MOTHER DEAREST !!! I didn't hear for you today :( ... 
ATTENTION EVRYBODY ON FACEBOOK : GO TO BED !!! IT\S 1AM .. That means you Tesslyn Land " 
I LOVE MY MOMMIE !!! < PROPFEMALE > Garvin < PROPMALE > God is good ! I was birth to the most wonderfully mother ! Thank you Lord . I thank you that you keep her and lead her . God is awesome ! 
YAY !!! 
Tesslyn Land this is my facebook status : \Cool\ " Why you ask ? Just because I want to change my status ... my mind is blank . I'm excited .. Whoa < PROPFEMALE > " 
What does < PROPFEMALE > 1 tell you ??? Tesslyn Land 
.... yes ... to God be the < PROPFEMALE > ... Let us enter intohis gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise ! Thank you Jesus . 
Lord let my praise be a sweet fragrance to your nostrils . Lord cleanse my heart and mind because only by your cleansing can my worship be pure . God is awesome . Thank you Jesus ! 
Hmmm .... What are you about to do God ? Whatever it is , I know it's about to be awesome !! Jesus is awesome !! 
Wowzers . God is good ! 
It's 9:45 I have to get off facebook , why ? Tesslyn Land 
Tickets for \A Time For Christmas\ " are on sale now ! It is an awesome dramatic musical and dinner ! You won't want to miss it ! December 11-12th and 17-19th ! " 
\A TIME FOR CHRISTMAS\ " the biggest Christmas event is right around the corner . Tickets are $35 each which will cover your full course meal and a Broadway Style show ! If you need tickets let me know !! " 
You are awesome . You are God . You are an awesome God !! Awesome God !!! 
Wow !!! Cake and drool ... enough said ! Happy Birthday Sheimeka Poole 
YES !! 
YES I CAN !!! YES I CAN !!! 
Psalm 23 
Creator God , you gave me breath so I could praise your great and matchless name all my days , all my days !!! 
There's no God like Jehovah !!!! 
Today , full of awesomeness ... two services equals double the anointing and double the blessings ! Prayer was fire ... Breakthrough 2011 ! All Praise be to God . There's no God like Jehovah !! 
Half-night prayer was < PROPFEMALE > awesome it almost didn't want to end . Praise the Lord . Monette M . Buchanan People were answering the call to IBI as we were praying . Congrats ! LOL :) 
I am < PROPFEMALE > excited about what God is doing City Church of New Orleans !!! Come out next Sunday @ 9a and 11a ! You won't want to miss either time . God is < PROPFEMALE > o awesome ! Thank you Jesus ! 
80 Friday Night Fire ~ Perfect Love : Join us this Friday , February 25 as we discover the true meaning of perfect love . 7 p.m. in the Gymnasium . Open to all youth ages 11-25 . 
JOIN US at City Church of New Orleans for two awesome services at 9a and 11a Sunday Morning . You won't want to miss . 
JOIN US at City Church of New Orleans for two awesome services at 9a and 11a Sunday Morning . You won't want to miss . Let us get caught up in the momentum of God kingdom . 
Your < PROPFEMALE > has an enemy and the enemy has a strategy ... and that strategy is distraction ! Let us always meditate on God's Word and stay in His Will . Why would you want to seek source outside of a sovereign God anyway ? Thank you Jesus ! 
Wow ... all the nuggets , the growth , revelation , impartation received while being here in IBI .. Who would'nt want to go a 2nd year ? For those who called , just choose . Lol .. IBI Just do it ! God is awesome ! Thank you Jesus ! Enough said . 
Wow ... all the nuggets , the growth , revelation , impartation received while being here in IBI .. Who would'nt want to go a 2nd year ? For those future interns called , just choose . Lol .. IBI Just do it ! God is awesome ! Thank you Jesus ! Enough said . 
UNO Campus Church Tonight at 7:00 p !! 179 Milneberg Hall !!! 
JESUS 
It is only Jesus . The way , the truth , and the life ... and absolutely no one ( that means you and me ) can get to the Father ( the one living God ) except by Him ( that is Jesus ) . God Jehovah Elohim ... truly amazing ! Enough said ! 
LIFE GROUP Tonight !!! Too excited . 
Life group was awesome !! Touch the youth Lord ! Thank you Jesus . 
IBI Open House !!! 7p Just Do It ! 
The best place is in God's Will !!! 
Wow my nieces and nephew will wound up in HS somewhere and I'll expect a couple to hardly be walking and the others just to be small . :( Emoni Duncan-Davis and < PROPFEMALE > Little !! 
Holy spirit is momentum !! Let me stay in the momentum ! I will stay in the momentum . 
YAY ! 
... And now to attend the most awesomest church ever !! City Church of New Orleans 9a and 11a ... Get there ! God is awesome !!! 
