“To laugh often and much ; to win the respect of intelligent people and the affection of children ... to leave the world a better place ... to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived . This is to have succeeded . ” - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 

And we should consider every day lost on which we have not danced at least once . And we should call every truth false which was not accompanied by at least one laugh . -Nietzsche 
The Book of < PROPMALE > is an absolutely amazing movie ! Everybody's gotta go see it . 
\The essence of all slavery consists in taking the product of another's labor by force . It is immaterial whether this force be founded upon ownership of the slave or ownership of the money that he must get to live\ " - < PROPFIRST > Tolstoy " 
January 18th starts Doppelgänger week .. during this week change your profile picture to someone famous ( actor , musician , athelete ) you have been told you look like for the week ... retro week was a blast last week so lets keep the fun going ... post this to yo 
All people dream , but not equally . Those who dream at night in the < PROPFIRST > recesses of their mind , wake in the morning to find that it was vanity . But the dreamers of the day are dangerous people , for they dream their dreams with open eyes , and make them co 
Just finished making some snickerdoodle cookies and they came out awesome . 
“Liberal policies made < PROPFEMALE > the freest , wealthiest , most successful and most powerful nation in human history . Conservatism in power always threatens to undo that national progress , and is almost always frustrated by the innate decency and democratic i 
\Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow . \ " — < PROPFIRST > Twain " 
We got second place in the 7 on 7 tournament a NMMI today . Would have won the whole thing is it wasn't for Lovington ... 
New phone finally here ! I love the Droid incredible . 
Hey guys 
I love u 
Hmm . My dang brother keeps screwing with my status . Gotta change my password ... 
Yay ! I got another little cousin now ! 
Just got my equipment for football . Now gotta get ready for two a days 
Ugh . Spanish is the most boring class ever . 
Just got home from work and guess what ? I still got homework to do . :( I actually feel really happy though 
Pretty touching little short film : http://vimeo.com/8189067 
I really hope I haven't been food poisoned ... ugh ... 
So I got in a pretty horrible car accident today ... cars totaled . But luckily everyone involved is ok 
Thank you to everyone who has wished me a happy birthday ! 
And the cowboys let me down again . Played a great second half tho 
