is like ... getting stalked at work by a couple of 30 yr old guys . but she's gonna get this settled for sure . 

is just watching the world walk by outside . it's just not my time to change yet . 
is all bleh ... i give up ! life needs to leave me be ! 
is all like , hell yeah , my new desktop background is pwnsaucesome ! my fortune cookie told me : \Stop searching forever . Happiness is just next to you . \"" 
tee < PROPFEMALE > ! i'm QUITE happy today !! 
a little bit of yaoi goes a long way . a lot of yaoi took me father than i ever dreamed to go ! YAY YAOI ! 
a little bit of yaoi goes a long way . a lot of yaoi took me farther than i ever dreamed to go ! YAY YAOI ! 
im finding the beauty in the dark spaces , and finding the ugliness that is in the light . why does everyone think that the light is so good , even when it has it's own ugliness to it . 
i can't believe my best friend's getting married in a little while . when i sit here and think about it , she was one of the only real friends i really ever had when i was little . we were there through thick and thin ... and now she's getting married . this is so weird feeling , but all i can do is support her and hope she's happy . 
caught < PROPFEMALE>'s bridal boquet at her and < PROPFIRST>'s reception . 
bought yaoi and found all kinds of good , cheap , legal , and NON-BOOTLEGGED stuff to buy today . going get Sister < PROPFEMALE > for like ... FIVE BUCKS tomorrow with her FYE coupon ! WOOT !! 
is using her day off to watch her new completed series of Sister < PROPFEMALE > . 
my taste buds are singing odes of joy !! Chinese food is the best ! 
is hiding under the covers in her room . it's cold and rainy today in and at the house . 
absolutly ADORES Wall-E ! 
is having an awesome first day back in class ! seeing TONS of people i know . musical mondays ftw ! 
Sagey is reading Beowulf ... dull , dry , Beowulf ... WHY FRIGGIN ' BEOWULF ?! 
HAS HER HARVEST < PROPFEMALE > GAME FOR GBA !!! YAY !!! 
is utterly , and uberly making herself paranoid and causing herself small panic attacks for no apparent reason ... 
Today was a really hard day ... No , i'm not okay . No , i don't want to talk about it . So please just leave me alone . I don't feel like getting pressed with questions today . 
had a wondeful weekend ! spent Friday afternoon and most of the evening with < PROPFEMALE > shopping . went to work for a short time Saturday and chillaxed at home afterwards . spent Sunday with the family ... had lunch , got new draws for storage , got a new build-a-bear , got the new Kingdom Hearts game , went to work and had an easy night . Hell , i even got a random gift on Gaia ! 
Saturday , Saturday ... don't wanna go to work , but i have to . dang ... 
actually looked very nice today . Sagey is most pleased with the results of today's wardrobe experiment . 
20 days left until the annual Madrigal Dinner ... 
18 days left until the Madrigal Dinner . i forgot to change it during the Friday hours ... GO CAJUNS !! 
Saturday is over and done . 17 days left until Madrigal . 
16 days left until Madrigal . 
15 days until Madrigal ... 
God ... the idiocracy of people never ceases to amaze me ... 14 days left until Madrigal 
2 days left until Halloween ... 13 days left until Madrigal ... God knows how many days are left until my Yaoi Mangas get here . 
1 day left until Halloween ... 12 days left until Madrigal ... LET THE YAOI GET HERE TOMORROW FOR PETE'S SAKES !!! 
LET THE YAOI LIVE ON !!! 10 days left until Madrigal . 
LET THE YAOI LIVE ON !!! 9 days left until Madrigal . 
is so wishing that she could be a six-pronged < PROPFIRST > ... LET THE YAOI LIVE ON !!! 9 days left until Madrigal ... 
is so wishing that she could be a six-pronged < PROPFIRST > ... LET THE YAOI LIVE ON !!! 8 days left until Madrigal ... 
feels lonely on the inside ... 7 days until Madrigal ... 
is tired of stuff going wrong ... 6 days left until Madrigal . 
5 days left until Madrigal ... 
feels really alone today ... it just doesn't feel right ... 4 days left until Madrigal . 
Tomorrow's the big day ... Less than 24 hours until Madrigal . 
today's the big day ... 7 hours and 30 minutes left until Tonight's dinner . 
well , one show down , two more to go . hope things aren't a total disaster were the fanfares are concerned ... Approximately 21 hours and 18 minutes until the next Madrigal dinner 
4 hours and 58 minutes left until tonight's Madrigal Dinner show ... Tickets are still availible ! 
Last night of Madrigal ! Yay ! less than 7 hours left until the last dinner show . 
Yay ! Finally it's over ! Madrigal is over ! Yay !! Had fun at < PROPMALE>'s house . whooped some serious booty in Super Smash Brothers Brawl . ate some good pizza ... yeah ... everything's all good now ... 
let it SNOW baby , Let it SNOW !! 
OMG !! IT SNOWED !! OMG !! I PLAYED IN IT !! OMG !! MY AND THE BUBBAS HAD A SNOWBALL FIGHT AT 9 P.M. UNTIL 10 LAST NIGHT !! 
Snowed on Friday . Worked Saturday . Sang on Sunday . Was in the Daily Advertiser Monday . Went shopping with < PROPFEMALE > , got a cute outfit and a new pair of spanking boots Tuesday . Went to Daughtry with Dad , < PROPMALE > , and < PROPFIRST > on Wensday . Took < PROPFIRST > to the doctor and < PROPMALE > out with < PROPMALE > today and looked uber , uber cute ( thankies < PROPFEMALE >!) ! Wonder what tomorrow will bring ? 
i'm surprised at how many people ACTUALLY changed their display pics to pokemon ones ! tee hee ~ ! 
Let the music continue to live on ... 
Happy New Year Nyan !! 
AJ , we are all trul devestated by your end . we will all truly miss you , and wish for your return , no matter how against the odds that may be . so until we meet again , dear friend , sleep in peace . 
i witnessed a friend's wedding . i witnessed a friend's funeral . both were early in their lives , but i know that they have achieved perpetual bliss . it makes me thankful , that i can wake up every day , and see the people who truly matter . We all laugh together , love each other , and cry together in beautious joy or in deep pain . We have each other for support , and that's all that matters . 
i'm getting things ready for AJ's vigil ... 
I am strong . I am brave . I am courageous . I , am a warrior ... 
and even though you have yet to take notice , i will follow you to the ends of the earth . i will follow you through the gates of Heaven , and even through the pits of Hell . i am your angel , and nothing will take us away from each other . even after death does part us . 
Sagey is highly allergic to stupid people . i swear ! it's like no one knows how to read a menu ! 
Ha ! my horoscope says that my mood is enraged . Damned Skippy ! i hate < PROPFIRST>'s day ... Just another day to remind single , lonely people just how single and lonely they are . 
i feel a little lonely and unwanted today ... 
i was on fire in Judo today ! i even sparred with Sensei , and everybody noticed my firey spirit ! 
OMG !! i cut off all my hair and dyed it , and it looks fricking amazing !! 
everyone loves my new look . i can't stop smiling about it , and all my friends and co-workers can't believe how good my hair looks . thank you so much Marcus ~ !! 
OMG !! I JUST GOT MY YELLOW BELT IN JUDO TODAY !!!! UBER EPIC WIIIIIIIIN ~~~ !!!! 
le-gasp !! i'm 20 today !! 
i'm not a teen anymore . it's already been 1 day , and i can't keep feeling like i forgot something ... shouldn't that decrease as you get older ? 
can't seem to get the song \Music of the Night\ " from Phantom of the Opera out of her head . good song though ... " 
loves the fact that her display pic reminds her of \Phantom of the Opera\ " which is her and < PROPMALE>'s favorite movie . " 
is TOTALLY excited for her date on Thursday !! 
last night blew big nuggets ... 
had a good weekend . learned how to drive a boat , got splashed with cool , refreshing lake water , had good food , caught my very first fish ( striped bass ) , got sunburned ... overall , it wasn't half bad . 
30 hour work week , waking up at 7 IN THE MORNING to tend to 100 screaming kids , having a hard time at work this past weekend because so much stuff happened , INCLUDING , but not limited to : the dishwasher breaking and having to play handyman . God , what did i do to deserve this ? 
guess who just got her Mechacon 2010 Silver Pass ~ 
GOD !!!! My wisdom teeth are cutting AGAIN ! i want something either really hard , chewy , or a combination of the two . ( no penis jokes , please . this is really serious . ) 
can't wait until Mechacon 2010 . < PROPMALE > is dressing up , and i get to be there to witness it . 
MY FACEBOOK FLAIRS REFUSE TO WORK FOR MEEEEEE !!! 
yay for working flairs ~ * w * 
Can't wait for Mechacon cause it's next week ~ ! 
OMG LOOOOOVES rice crispy treats cereal !! 
YAY !! the ugly tan marks on my knees are almost gone !! 
today was excellent ~ ! 
why does work have to suck so much ? why can't it just be easy and NOT suck ? 
Thursday : got rear-ended by a fedex truck , but left for Mechacon . Friday : was crowned as < PROPFEMALE > of the 2010 Formal/Semi-Formal Cosplay Ball . Saturday : Raved with a bunch of strange people and with DJ Wildfire ; love that guy to death . Sunday : came home with shiny new toys ( i.e. swords and a knife) ~ All Weekend : Thought about AJ . 
dude ... i watched an old lady slip and fall at Target during my Saturday shift ... not very exciting ... 
damn . why does Chocolate Turtle flavored Chex Mix have to be so undeniably good ?! 
Fame ! I'm gonna live forever . I'm gonna learn how to fly ! High ! I feel it coming together . People will see me and cry ! Fame ! I'm gonna make it to Heaven . Light up the sky like a flame ! Fame ! I'm gonna live forever . Baby , remember my name . 
Never any love and romance for the cute and innocent ... * sigh * 
Dad's back . got to < PROPFEMALE > with him and mom for a while , then we went to Opelousas and got to see the grandparents for like ... THE FIRST FRIGGIN ' time since Easter . Tomorrow's work and thursday's day with dad . Yay Hibachi ! 
know this is gonna be uber nerdy , but i SOOOO cannot wait for Anime Club . I miss all my devout little followers . *;.;* They really are my friends . 
dang Monier Sensei's a beast ... 
is going to Dupre Library to print out her take home quiz , then will go to Angelle Hall to help Dr. Haygood , then off to Math , then Judo , where hopefully i will NOT have any mishaps today ... *>.>;* 
\I don't know if you can hear me or if you're even there . I don't know if you would listen to a gypsie's prayer . Yes I know I'm just an outcast and I shouldn't speak to you . Yet still I see your face and wonder if you were once an outcast too . \"" 
i hurt my foot/ankle in judo thusrday , worked friday , < PROPFEMALE > had her baby saturday , which i also worked , along with sunday , understood math class today , AND corrected my teacher a few times because he messed up in the problems . helping Dr. Haygood in the morning , and back to judo , which my foot/ankle has healed up . YAY !! 
if only you were lonely like me , then you'd understand . 
is having a deliciously addictive Kit-Kat fettish right now ... * o.o ! * 
why does being an adult have to be so damn hard some times ? why do some things have to be so difficult to handle and manage ? 
why is it that when someone dies , it feels like a big piece of your heart vanishes , and you lose so much of who you are that that person had brought out in you , regardless of it being good or bad ? why do good men , women , and children have to die so young for the ends of those who are old and only growing richer with each and every loss ? 
Judo is my strength , my salvation from myself , from my own emotions and heart . It is my second saving grace , and the dojo is my home away from home , the Church of my fighting spirit , seeking guidance . 
PRAYING to get off work for the November 6th Judo Tourney . Did my USJA registration and everything !! 
I'M OFF ! LET THE COUNTDOWN UNTIL THE TOURNEY BEGINS !! 13 DAYS AND COUNTING ! HOUSON , HERE I COME !! 
Anime Club Halloween party tomorrow , and Judo tourney next Saturday ~ EXCITEMENT ! 
Anime club party is TONIGHT ! Be there or be square . or oval . i don't care . Just GET THERE ! lawlsiness . Judo Tournament in a little over a week ! 
Things to do : < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s wedding . Check . Beehtoveen . Done . Anime Club Halloween party . Finished . Compete in a Judo Tourney . Almost . Madrigal Dinner . Far from . Let's see how much more i can do with an injured knee ... OH !! Buy a new set of knee braces . Double Timing . 
ONE WEEK FROM TODAY ! Judo Tournament in < PROPMALE > , Texas ! I'm ready , so let's get it on ! 
Today's Sunday . That means 5 days until Saturday . Which means 5 days until the < PROPMALE > tournament . Which means 5 days until I compete . Which means ... I dunno what it means . I'm excited and ready for this ! 
It's Monday . 4 days until the < PROPMALE > Tournament . I'm gonna work twice as hard this week to get up to snuff . 
Tuesdays are wonderful ~ ! Judo day ! and 3 more days until the < PROPMALE > tourney !! 
OMG IT'S THURSDAY !!! ONLY ONE DAY LEFT UNTIL THE < PROPMALE > TOURNAMENT !!! NYAAAAAAAAN ~~~ ! 
IT'S FRIDAY !!! FRIDAY !!!! OMGOMGOMGOMG !!! I'm competing tomorrow for sure , so for the next 24 hours or so , i WILL BE MIA ! only people i'll maintain contact are with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > and other important peoples . if you text , and i respond , you're important . if not : sorry , but i luff yew ~ catch up with me on sunday , < PROPFEMALE > ? 
Saturday : won second place in the < PROPMALE > Open . Sunday : awesome double date with close friends . Monday : got two great team cards at work . Tuesday : presented my silver medal to Sensei and the guys and got to fight another girl . Tomorrow : GETTING MY NEW CAR !!! 
DAMN YOU ATELIER ANNIE : ALCHEMIST OF SERA ISLAND !! you vanquish me so !! Even more than Trauma Center : Life in the ER !! POR QUE !?!?!?!? * if only she could figure out how to do the upside-down puncuation and knew more random phrases to yell in Spanish * Oh !! PS : Sagey Survivied Black Friday 2010 . PSS : Sagey got her orange belt in Judo last Thursday . PSSS : Sagey . Is . Watching . You . Yeah ... You ... 
Beat Atelier < PROPFEMALE > last night ~ !! YAY !! Tired as they come though . Philosophy is whooping up on me seeing as i stayed up to type out the problems to work for the take home quiz . * sigh * 
So now < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are into < PROPFEMALE > ... The other night , I beat Odolwa , the first < PROPFEMALE>'s boss from Majora's Mask , and < PROPMALE > was Odolwa and < PROPFIRST > was Link . They both drove me nuts . They're almost as big < PROPFEMALE > enthusiasts as I am . I object to the competition . 
< PROPFEMALE > is amazed by many things ... Stupid People , Stupid people who shop at Target , Anime , Music , interactions between said stupid , slightly intelligent , and intelligent people , Judo , and how she can see the floor in her bedroom after picking up the mini pile of clothes in a futile effort to find her misssing Judo Skills Test paper . Go figure ... 
has interwebzez again ~ NOW LUFF MEH ! 
went into work today and as super busy , did the work of two team members and handled customers out of the wazoo . can anyone say \super beast mode ? \"" 
has been eating the same meal for an hour and a half ... good thing Cane's still tastes good after so long . 
went and saw Tron today with my Yaoi Sister and her freind , and Tron was AMAAAAAZIIIIIING ~~~~ !!! 
sleepy . hungry . sleepy . hungry . sleepy . achy . hungry . when will my body make up it's god-blessed mind ?! 
so ... i found out EXACTLY why Ouran High School Host Club is popular . it's really good , what with all my favorite voice actors (+) , and it doesn't have JUST bishonen boys in it (++) , or twins who pretend to be yaoi lovers (+++) ( even though that's awesome ~ just saying . you people know me ) , but it's ACTUALLY very witty , funny , and the music's really really good ! check it out ! 
OMG !!! JUDO TOMORROW !!!! i need a workout from hell like bad right now . 
just another day in the life . 
super excited for saturday . BIG tournament and everything ~ !! 
the great depression is great . no tournament on saturday anymore ... cause people are chumps and didn't wanna come spectate . unless they had an actually valid excuse ... like work ... so , the Sagey is now bummed . 
last week was the absolute pits ... it was retarded . 
i can't wait for Judo two-a-days . shaped up , here i come ~ seriously , the beginner's judo class is NOT for the weak at heart . i completely forgot how hard it was compared to the inter/advanced class what with all the energy cosuming drills . PS : my Sensei is a beast . 
so yeah ... totally skipping Judo class today and calling off anime club tonight . too cold and too dangerous to go anywhere ... * sigh * 
apparently it is my fate to be a solo flyer and adorabibble ... i'm apparently just too cute and adorabibble . 
Lessons in Love Tip #12 : If you feel your love is unrequited , proceed to beat your crush into submission . 
totally watched a guy walk into the women's restroom at Taco < PROPFEMALE > this afternoon . T'was funneh . 
totally had a good day today . aced my spanish exam , had taco < PROPFEMALE > with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , and Zach , tutored some white belts in judo , and saw my good < PROPMALE > Geoff Futch . totally awesome day ~ 
Judo is great ~ ~ !!! * obviously had a good day at judo * 
this weekend was , like ... SUPER AMAZING ! house to myself friday , party on saturday , house to myself AGAIN sunday , went to lunch with like ... the BEST aunt and uncle and cousin ever , and went and played tennis in the park with the BEST aunt ever and her friends . now all i need is my Judo Tournament reg papers and entrance fee for saturday ... 
well , it's almost the big day ... competeing in the Louisiana State Championship tournament . 
Well , the day is done . I placed 2nd in my second tournament ! Congrats to everyone who competed and took home a victory ! Go ULL Ragin ' Judo ! 
You and I end up in a police car together : Using only 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this as your status , so I may comment on yours as well . I know you guys want to 
