Sometimes thinks umlauts are dirt on the computer screen . 

seems to have lost the wagon . 
Anyone know anyone from Berlin ? 
Oh yeah , I'm going to Spain tomorrow . 
is sad to have her room to herself again . 
Anyone have a Montreal guide book for me to use ? 
How did I get on the mailing list for Semites magazine ? 
wants more vacations please . 
is excited for fake vacation ! 
Lass ihn raus den Tiger ! 
In Montreal until the 26th . 
back in NY 
is looking to move October 1st . Anyone got a room for me ? 
Any Jew friends want to go to < PROPMALE > this winter ? 
I believe the phrase is : BOOOOOOOOOOOYAAAAAAAAAAH ! 
again ... Looking to move October 1st ... anyone got any leads ? 
A < PROPMALE > emergency is not . 
A < PROPMALE > letter is Brief . 
is saying \yes\ " with emphasis ! " 
is a guest lecturer in Germany ! 
has a new awesome home ! 
likes speaking < PROPMALE > -- deal with it ! 
' s neighbors are a half Indian , half Jewish family . I guess this is now the Hinjew part of the neighborhood ! 
Is excited that it's < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday ! Where would we all be now if she weren't born ? 
' s application is in . Thanks to everyone for all the help ! So much gratefulness ! And a sigh of relief . 
Birthday party ! Woot . 
has a very big cat ! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes , Friends ! I love you guys . 
What should I be for halloween ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Rennt - Ohne Untertitel ! 
hollow weenies . 
... fünf , sechs , alte Hex ' ... 
Was ist passiert ? 
\für sekunden sehe ich durch meine ersten augen . \"" 
I just realized my favorite line in Twilight I made up . Crap . Nevertheless , the \I'm a monster ! \ " \ " You're beautiful\ " exchange really should have happened . " 
is cold , but generally pleased with the world . 
Ich gebe meinen Senf dazu ! 
is the victim of identity theft ... again . 
See yah next year ! 
is now Professor Cohen ! 
ROUND 1 ! VICTORY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Schneetag ! 
das Gedicht thematisiert ... 
Feels so much happier with this weather ! 
Hexenwahn ! 
Does anyone have a picture of me in which I look smart/good and am not doing anything particularly silly ? 
Do they serve brunch in < PROPMALE > ? 
just had knowledged dropped on me from a student research paper ! I intend to eat organic eggs from here on in ! 
Better change my status fast , as the last one had mad typos ! 
If you got an email from me with a link in it today , DO NOT follow the link ... my emal has been hacked . 
hat haare auf den zähnen ! 
Wein auf Bier das gönn ' ich dir , Bier auf Wein das lasse sein 
Schmetterling Schmetterling Schmetterling 
Wunderkammer 
< PROPFIRST > Still Out Pitonyak better take me to CPK's for lunch or I'm going to be really upset . 
Hop on hop off wagon . 
Wisenheimer 
Leaving tomorrow ! If you have anything you need to say to my face , it's your last < PROPMALE > until September ! 
Gettin my < PROPMALE > on ... with Euro keys ... ßüöäß 
Hamburg adventure , early in the morn ! Id tell you all about it , if you were here ! 
Goodbye Berlin , Hello Wien ! 
Salzburg and Tyrol adventure ... Wunderkammer ? 
How many Alps have you seen recently ? 
just made out with a donkey ... again . 
Back in NY ! Gimme a call ! 
Thanks everybody for coming to Telephone's launch party last night ! It was great and you were great ! 
Does anyone have an air mattress I can borrow this weekend ? 
The internet is back ! phew ! 
Havin ' a blast with < PROPFEMALE > Gugglberger in NY ! Wiener party ! 
<3 New York . 
is a newly crowned bicyclist ! 
To what question is the answer 9W ? 
Thanks to everyone for the great birthday wishes ! 
jury duty jury duty jury duty jury 
Der Vergleich hinkt . 
Happy Erntedankfest Everybody . 
mondän or mundane ? 
Schneeflocken ! 
Happy Birthday to the Munj ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas Everybody ! 
Marry me Pitbull !!! 
Remmidemmi Gelegenheit ! 
Jealous . She's jealous . 
Warrior hair is the new black ! 
