desperately needs to know if anyone will be traveling up to Gainesville or the North Florida area by January 2nd @ noon from Miami 

TATTOOO !!!!! 
Wants to Know who wants to go to See the MANOR OR Gainesville show tomorrow at 1982 . 
JR just found out from < PROPMALE > that he is a Jungle < PROPFEMALE > 
<3 < PROPFEMALE > ! 
is a < PROPFEMALE > Pocahontas and a little cookie monster on Sesame Street where sunshine grows out of hs ass 
thinks < PROPFEMALE > is the greatest person in the world :) 
wants cookies 
wondering why some crazy shone is blowing up my phone saying she is pregnant with my baby . 
is shopping for shoes on Zappos 
I miss you too . Damn UF employees are like slaves . I may go home for Labor Day Weekend 
Is enjoying his late night talks with Ms. < PROPFIRST > . 
Knows of a ticket to the Tennessee game this weekend that needs to be bought buy the highest bidder ... ANY TAKERS ? 
Feels absolutely horrible . What have I done to my bodY ?? 
believes that despite his initial notions , Today is going to be an extra special day . 
Thinks it's funny that ancient Greek males generally engaged in homosexual sex as a way of life .... looks like not much has changed with modern day Greeks . 
is over these colored folk that don't like interracial couples . Chocolate , and vanilla still make chocolate . 
momah , v 
is still In the Heights . 
Thinks something is wrong with him and thinks he needs to care more about people than he chooses to . 
Cannot explain the need for Ms. Badu in his life this morning . 
Is laughig at how accurate these social interview questions are ... except one . My friends know me so well . 
is noticing a tend in former fatties . It seems there seems to be a relapse and we eventuallly go back from whence we came ... I am terrified . Must allow myself to be a statistic . 
is noticing a shicking trend in former fatties . There seems to be a possibility of a relapse and we eventuallly go back from whence we came ... I am terrified . Must allow myself to be a statistic 
Misses Kaypree Hodges :'( 
planning for Culture Clash , grading papers , reading chapters , and washing hair . 
thinks < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE>' quote \Id rather have a man's respect than his wallet\ " is extra idealistic . " 
thinks people are thoroughly incompetent and is taking himself out on a date tonight to relax 
is selling his FSU ticket starting at $100 . 
is exponentially stronger than he is but is too hesitant to burn Shangri-La . So let's burn everything . 
“Most black women feared and abhorred Lesbians more than rape—perhaps because of the fear bred from their deep inward potentiality for Lesbianism” ( 1974 , 31–32 ) . .... excerpt from book I am reading . 
is so pissed off with Willow .... :: tear :: 
I cannot relapse . Now that I know . I am setting my own trap , And perhaps I need to return to the place from whence he helped me grow ... and just forget it all happened . 
Needs to learn how to start confirming emails and confirming vmails . Super Flaw !!!!! 
Got my first Christmas gift from one of my residents . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > Sharp 
needs to go monologue hunting 
desperately needs to know if anyone will be traveling up to Gainesville or the North Florida area by January 2nd @ noon 
it's a temporary life . 
sheesh ... talk about Hope for Haiti . Sak Ahp Fet 
What a wonderful beginning of the year for the artist . Solo Performance next wednesday at the Swamp and an invitation to Signs of Life Hip Hop Theatre Troupe . 
Bottom of Travel List : Port Au < PROPMALE > , Haiti . Cannot believe Haiti just got hit with another Quake an hour ago 
Cannot put my finger on why I feel down . :( Would love to be plucked from reality , by a magic carpet and escape into Shangri-La 
A Contradicting Intererpretation of my Emotions : A Contradiction Traveling so slow at the speed of Light I fear that I may collide with a passing < PROPFEMALE > , or < PROPFEMALE > I am afraid of the seconds that drift into eternity before impact Before I supernova . So I close my eyes and hope That beautiful black holes Will rip the fabric of time in front of me And suck me into a blissful Nothing 
I am literally going to end my life right now . I am packing my bags and quitting . My replacement should be in tomorrow morning . It was nice knowing all of you guys . GOOD BYE 
Apologizes for the previous status . Thank you for all that was concerned with me . Must be careful with my melodrama in the digital realm ... FML 
Cannot believe I even believed that shit 
Got a new tattoo 
wants to get married now 
is being himself on the Pacific Coast . 
I am not a fan of your < PROPFEMALE > teeth , or your fucked up smile , your weak personality , your < PROPFEMALE > for attention , and I think all of your insecurities are pathetic . 
C'mon spring . You sure you aren't handing out anymore breaks ? The last one was sooooo good ? WTF !?! I HAVE TO WAIT A WHOLE NOTHER YEAR ?!!!! CMON !!!! 
So (( Lady Gaga+Beyonce)in Telephone Video)-Beyonce's Acting = Best Video Of the Year 
Spending some quality time with < PROPFEMALE > H . Collins and < PROPFEMALE > Hooks in these late night hours talking about gender based inequalities . 
scarfing down a cookie before I leave the house reminiscing on the days I used to be a dancer . 
Listening to gangsta rap as I get ready to light this exam on fire 
Hip Hop Theatre . Signs of Life ... born to recite ... rhymes ... Signs of Life Spring 2010 Shows 
Anyone wanna be my roommate next year at Lakeside ? 
sunday morning and thinking I might make breakfast for someone special 
Thinks < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > Thorne is the coolest individual ever ! ( besides me ) 
misses his JR doll :( 
Www . jei-are.com 
Wants to meet someone who understands that poetry is not just an interesting play of lips and tongue , but still knows how to turn an interplay of lips and tongue into poeyry 
... school ... fuck it 
Lol yes < PROPFEMALE > yes !!! 
Latest Donor is < PROPFEMALE > Espinal . Don't stop donating guys , help me reach my goal and sponsor my trip to assist Children Beyond Our Borders . You can go to Donate to JR's Trip to Colombia to find out how you too can be a sponsor for my trip . 
NEEDS TO CLUB THIS WEEKEND !!!!! 
having a bomb ass time tonight with < PROPFIRST > Iglessias 
finally in the studio today . If you are interested in possibly being an extra in my video that I am creating today , please hit me up before 1 
JUST GOT A SUMMER INTERNSHIP IN NYC !!!!!!!!!!!! 
LOVES < PROPFIRST > Galatowitsch for granting him with The original Power Rangers ! on ABC this morning . BEST DUDE EVER !!! 
Where have all my friends gone ? Ive lost them all . No one physically here to assist me ... where have all my friends gone ? :( 
Needs a ride to Miami tomorrow afternoon ! Please someone assist me ! I have to catch a flight Monday . :'( 
Farewell Miami . After a long semester and a 10 hr respite in Miami , I am off to Colombia . Love you friends and family 
Getting over the curse of Cartagena 
I felt really bad that I couldnt say bye :( Daniellas folks were already waiting on us . I am going to send you my number now . Text me when you get it . BTW , what happeend to you and your liquor in customs ? 
My mind , body , and soul have finally landed back in < PROPFEMALE > . Miss my kids and the amazing group of people I worked with in Real World Cartagena . 
Needs a paid gig or some temp work as of yesterday . NYC is already draining my bank account and I havent even gotten there yet . 
bye , bye perfect apartment in Brooklyn with a view of the Manhattan skyline and adequate closet space :'( 
Getting a ridiculous amout of things done before he goes up to NYC . Next Up ... Headshots 
is in love with the song \When You Love\ " by Sinead O ' Conner but doesnt know where to find it . Song is reminding him of his kids in Cartagena . " 
settling down in my new summer pad 
settling down in my new\ 
summer pad in the Heights 
Internship = Baller 
wow Kellly Rowland is really hitting the dance music scene hard . Smart move by staying clear fo the same market as Beyonce . 
Finished another piece yesterday . One step closer of completing another journal . Flow =3 /7 complete . The Crayon Box =3 /7 complete 
This is a cold war . You better know what you're fighting for . 
I think you lost too much weight . Your eyes look like they're about to Fall out of your head because your eye fat used to hold them in place . 
When it comes between you and me , there's an obvious choice . So don't worry about not seeing me , cuz at the end of the day I was probably just doing my shit ... were you ? 
Francia o Uruguay ... 
American Idiot .... entertaining ... that is all 
I am sick of writing meaningful shit . I just want to write a poem ... thats it . Just something ... pretty 
Cannot believe I was outside Radio City Music Hall today wondering why everybody was so dressed up ... felt like a muggle for a second ... oh we'll ... time to cozy up on thus couch with < PROPFIRST > 
\According\ 
Theres something magical and powerful about an Afro . Today ... CALL ME AFRO THUNDA ! 
We live in a world of words . It is our confinement , but with it we have access to limitless knowledge . So it is in fact our escape as well 
Has to finish FLOW . 90% done withthe piece , 50% done with the book . 
Dear Sia , \ 
\ 
I hate all your new shit ! But I am not gonna hate , you gotta pay your rent and eat so do what you gotta do ... even if that means making your music uber sucky so you could sell it in Hollister . \ 
Love JR 
When I get older , I will be stronger , and they'll call me freedom ... just like a wavin flag 
< PROPFIRST > was afraid to die alone 
to my people in my hood , and the streets that I grew up in that are doing something for yourselves and becoming amazing individuals . I just want to let all of you know that I am proud and honored to know all of you and am overjoyed at the future artists , activists , leaders , and professionals that surround me . -J . Are 
Is really diggin < PROPFIRST > Rowland's new ish . I really hope she slaps Beyonce with a number 1 slot for making her sing background vocals all those years . 
Toy Story 3 is the best movie ever . I laughed , I cried , but most of all I was touched . if you haven't seen it yet , please go out and enjoy the last part of the best trilogy since Lord of the Rings !!!! 
Watching Bowling for Columbine on YouTube . Get on the Free Documentaries Guys ! 
I think I will only date Colombians ... yeah .... I think ... 
After all these years , I still extend my arms out in front of me in an attempt to move objects , create items , or try and teleport . So its been 21 years and all the symptoms of adulthood have not caused me to forget that magic is only real when you believe in it . Now what if I stopped believing and got the ability to teleport when I am 29 ... now wouldnt that suck 
Me : Am I the only person in the Universe who didnt really care for Inception ? \ 
Mr. Pricklepants : Yes . I do believe so 
Confession : I think I am afraid to be sexy because I dont want people to believe I have no substance ... there I said it . Thank God I got that off my chest . \ 
Mr. Pricklepants : Is that why you put up a picture of me instead of your headshot ... and you told me you just wanted to promote my new movie . I cant believe you . 
Me : I think its about time I go home . I miss the Sunshine state and all its gloriousness . \ 
Mr. Pricklepants : Tis true only a fortnight you have left in the city ? \ 
Me : Damnit it prickle we can you not be in character for once ! And yes tis true . \ 
Mr. Pricklepants : Well then I am obliged to be a worthy companion and come to this land of sun with you . \ 
Me : Really P ? \ 
Mr. Pricklepants : Of course 
Less than a week till Donielle Rouse and < PROPFEMALE > Green join me in the Big Apple for days of awesomeness . \ 
Mr. Pricklepants : Who are they ? 
So I think I am gonna be spending more time at my apartment in the Twitosphere . Catch the afventures of JR and Mr. Pricklepants @Jei_are 
Once Flow and Crayon Box are finalized I have figured out what my next journal will be . \Unsent Letters to My Father \"" 
Confession : I deal with my emotions by making fun of them and calling myself pathetic . \ 
Mr. Pricklepants : Perhaps you can use those bottled emotions for future characters you must portray . 
This morning I woke up to the lovely voices of Gleider < PROPFIRST > Dominguez , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Reis , and < PROPFEMALE > Guillot . What a awesome way to start my day . I'll get by with a little help from my friends . 
Oh no ! I just talked back to my television screen .... I am my MOTHER !!! 
Another day of adventure with Donielle Rouse and < PROPFEMALE > Green 
Saying goodbye is never easy . Thank you for an awesome 4 days @_LouisVD_ 
Never had a very simple life nor have I ever desired one . Thanking God for all the creative , inspirational , adventurous , and artistic blessings that have been placed in my life . I am honored for being granted the gift of creation . Live the Dream 
Last day at the Internship . Final daze of NYC . :-/ 
About 48 hours till Im back in Miami doing hoodrat stuff with my friends . 
Is overwhelmed with how much \do\ " is in his mind and wondering if his mortal frame can accomplish it . Time to be amazing . " 
NYC , CAA , The Intelligence Group , and @ < PROPFIRST > Mears , thank you for an awesome summer . It's been real -JR 
Hoodrat stuff with my friends . I'M IN NORTH MIAMI BEACH ! 
I can't believe it has come to this again . 3 days of awesome and now I have to once again say goodbye to a city that I love . Miami you have raised me and turned out a < PROPMALE > that is taking on the world but I must bid you and all my friends and family farewell as I hit the road and head back up to Gville . To all of you party people in the coolest cities alive . I love you -JR 
At this moment I am missing my home and peeps so I will summon live in the form of Donielle Rouse and Tarik Ksaibati tomorrow morning at 8 
At this moment I am missing my home and peeps so I will summon love in the form of Donielle Rouse and Tarik Ksaibati tomorrow morning at 8 
oh em geee , i am so not okay right now thanks to Tarik Ksaibati 
Taking care of all these new freshman and residents checking in ... gag :-) 
Chillin at hotel with the mom ! 
Had another nightmare last night about having fucked up teeth . I have had this recurring nightmare ever since I got my braces off 
JR is a flyer . He survived the attacks with his brother and his sister who both were flyers as they struggled to create a normal life amongst the people that hated their gifts :: summary of last nights dream :: 
If I crack open my heart and spill it all over the world maybe people wil stop confusing my drive for my personal goals doesnt mean I dont love them 
Pausing my workout for a heart to heart with my mom . Mothers words seem to settle the soul . 
Would you rather always unexpectedly ejaculate or never ejaculate ever again ? 
gag !!!!!! Alone with my thoughts . Someone sedate me please 
... and you have become , what you thought was done , a fraction of the sum . 
Close my mind and let the salt water seep in and drown my concerns 
\I know God won't give me anything I can't handle ... I just wish he didn't trust me so much . \ " -Mother < PROPFEMALE > " 
Has aborted the mental baby that was gestating and festering in his mind for the past few days . But cant help but miss being impregnated with someones thoughts 
SIGNS OF LIFE , where Hip-Hop meets Theatre . 4 PM . G13 . BE THERE ! Where Hip 
Sometimes it is the most unexpected qualities in a person that makes them so beautiful . 
Matt ... this is for you 
... I'm just a monster , sorry mom . :-( < PROPFEMALE > Wynter 
Great Yummy Breakfast : Goblins and Child Brains 
I had a dream featuring her so I took my thoughts out of my mind , strapped it to some TNT and BLEW IT UP !!! 
I have an appetite for disaster . 
Ah , the gym ... a place for pretty people . 
Into the fire 
THE RACE IS ON !!!!! 
the throne was promised to me . And I will act accordingly 
Damn , the last hour before the day makes me feel as if I was waiting for the world to explode 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY GIRL < PROPFEMALE > Pinto 
Thank you god for 22 years of wonderful blessings . Family , friends , and a wonderful life 
Wheaties < PROPFEMALE > , Donielle Rouse , Tarik Ksaibati , < PROPMALE > G ., Husang Dat Song < PROPFIRST > , Kennady , < PROPFEMALE > , Meenal , < PROPMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > Ferguson Thank you so much for making the last two hours of my birthday so very special . And thanks to all my family and friends who wished me well . I am still trying to respond to each of you guys individually . 
Lat night I had 4 dreams , but I only rememebr 3 of them . 1- I kissed a friend of mine I wasnt supposed to and it did not turn out well . 2- I went joyriding to find prostitutes with a friend , and found out one of my old friends was a prostitute . 3- I was in an experimental trip to the < PROPFEMALE > with 3 other astrounouts when asteroids hit us and knocked off our ability to get back to earth . 
I see the two endpoints but cant seem to find the middle . 
I really want a fennec fox as a pet now 
Just went through my closet and found my YuGiOh Cards that were locked away . I am now in the process of assembling the most powerful deck ever . 
< PROPMALE > I would not buy your sex tape . 
... but purple is such an ugly color :( 
OMG , why was I attacked by a rabbit monster last night in my dream ? 
Toast for the douchebags . 
Damn my dreams are doing way too much . I think I was raped last night 
Id much rather write songs that write this paper 
Things to Do Today : 1 ) Finish Application Essay Due Wednesday 2 ) Review 50 Questions for Wednesday's Exam 3 ) Finish Project Due Friday 4 ) Rewrite some stuff for the show ... Please hold me accountable 
Uber impressed with all the digi peeps online right now and my main Donielle Rouse holding it down with me as I peel through my bullet points . 1 ) Finish Application Essay Due Wednesday 2 ) Review 50 Questions for Wednesday's Exam 3 ) Finish Project Due Friday 4 ) Rewrite some stuff for the show 
Walk the Walk , Never Talk the Talk . Those that are preoccupied with talking never really walk 
Ripping open my chest and digging through my insides to find something interesting . 
This Facebook \See Friendship\ " button has brought stalking to a whole other level !!! " 
Come out and see < PROPFEMALE > LORING and JEANANN VERLEE at RUB Entertainment and Poets Inc . Present Spoken Word Performance 8pm TONIGHT in the Rion Ballroom !!! 
Has been on PriceLine and CheapOair all morning instead of studying thanks to < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Awww shucks , now I'm all bloodied up . And its so hard to get blood out of a fedora 
Writing a paper comparing < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s music to violent pornography ... college never gets old . ( fyi : Did anyone realize that at the end of the song < PROPFEMALE > says \Its Not Good to Masturbate\ " lolz ) " 
HOLY SHIT MY PHONE LOST ALL ITS CONTACTS !!!! DAMN YOU IPHONE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Success never sleeps 
Selling 3 UF vs USC tickets for $35 a piece . Holler if you want em . 
MY MOM IS COMING TO TOWN TODAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :: sings :: All around the world can you hear me 
Dear Smashing Pumpkins , \ 
Why are you so good to me on mornings like these . :-) 
Watch me smile . Then watch me laugh 
Silent arithmetic 
Zsolt Szabo sucks !!!!!! 
\Being in gainesville is like having to performing sexual shows for old men every night ... its tiring\ " - Donielle Rouse " 
Signs of love , Signs of Power , Signs of Life : WAKE UP AND DREAM 
Signs of Love . Signs of Life : WAKE UP AND DREAM 
Dare to Dream Again ! 
I will Coexist with you and Dare to Dream Again . 
Late night heart to heart with my homeboy Lyfe Lyriccs 
Late Nights in a Class , \ 
Delirium Takes Over\ 
The Week of Finals 
I miss my mom . And Home . Family . Love 
Revel in the truth 
I think I a falling in love with you 
\Whatever . You aren't even tall enough for that\ " - < PROPFEMALE > Crockett Keepin it Real " 
\A picture is worth a thousand words . A metaphor is worth a thousand pictures . \"" 
I am a Movement . 
I am the antithesis of Sunday morning complacency 
I am the < PROPFEMALE > . So strong , I break days 
Thank you < PROPFEMALE > for your beautiful sista voice and thank you Donielle Rouse for the illegal hook up 
Life right now is so much but my stress is only an indication of my blessings . 
I am continually impressing myself . 
\Mad cow disease can give you a Monster Moo !!! \"" 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day . You are loved 
Its Love Day during Black History Month . Doesn't get better than this ! 
I got Soul 
Writing a paper on the evolution of racial archetypes and I just made a claim the Oprah is the new mammy . Just sent chills down my spine when I realized she was one of the most powerful women on the planet . 
Zach Fischer is the coolest person ever ! :) 
I WANT MY CAR NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
I want to write a paper , I want to blog , I want to call a friend . But my ability to proscratinate is even allowing me to put off the stuff I enjoy doing . 
The fire in my heart is reaching a fever pitch once again . 
He wanted apples so I planted an orchard , then juiced every fruit and drank what I made . 
Studying for the GRE all over again . F U ETS for losing my scores . 
Oprah+AcademyAwards(Documentary Feature) = Perfect 
< PROPFEMALE > PORTMAN YOU ARE A GODDESS AND YOU DESERVE IT MAMA !!! 
The sky is always wondering , \ 
What are these arguments about ? \ 
You think we would notice , \ 
Our eyes are burning out . \ 
We should have learned by now . 
Coating my body in the flames of a fire . \ 
Digesting myself in the heart of a liar . \ 
And I am a fire dancer 
I have lived a million lives and chose the one with you . So please don't leave 
I am spending so much time looking at the things I am not seeing . And I'll lose my vision if I spend too much time in the dark 
My day got just a bit brighter 
Warms my heart to be chatting with < PROPFEMALE > Stine , < PROPFEMALE > Utsey , Yeison < PROPFIRST > Tapia Gonsalesm and Osnaider Perez Carrasquillo while the are in Cartagena together again 
So I love my car . And so does everyone else . Cruising takes all my emotions awway 
I want to be in a lesbian relationship 
50 ? + Florida X March = WTF 
Though i had to leave out early . I had a great time last night with my Children Beyond Our Borders family . < PROPFEMALE > Utsey , < PROPFEMALE > Linardi , < PROPMALE > Ramirez , < PROPFEMALE > Marulanda Carvajal , < PROPFEMALE > Guzman Peña 
Come out to the Reitz Union ballroom tonight to catch Oveous Maximus in the Spring 2011 exhale !!! 
I am so hungry : ' -( 
Why do I feel like a caterpillar all over again ? 
If you sleep with someone that looks like your significant other its not cheating . Its a tribute . 
I wish everyone loved black people as much as < PROPFEMALE > Lampanelli does 
My mind is blown .... officially blown . Can't wait for tomorrow ? 
Its so funny how everything is 20/20 in hindsight 
You can call me SkyWalker cuz my head is in the clouds 
We Win . You Lose . Good Always triumphs over evil 
is one of the coolest RAs at Lakeside . 
Its going down tonight ! Check your pulse and make sure you are ready for Signs of Life 
Grad School it is . 
Be easy to love 
Truly living a blessed life . 
Love the < PROPMALE > in yourself , not yourself in the < PROPMALE > 
Writing poems for me . Inspired by him . 
Its insane how much a reggae tinge can make a song appear so amazing . 
How do I not have a single person to go out dancing with tonight . I get in this mood once every 3 semesters . 
Why can I never find my capo ? 
Will there be wine bottles opening ... oh yeah !!!! 
DEMASIADO 
This chapter of my life has been the greatest yet ... and it only keeps getting better . 
I know that we were created with a divine purpose , but I can't help but feel that the death of some individuals would have very little effect on anyone's existence . 
