Just found a box of < PROPMALE > Grahams on my closet . Its expiration date was sometime in 2003 . The smell almost made me gag !! 

needs people to buy my drawings so I can get out of < PROPFEMALE > and buy a plane ticket to Japan !! 
Going down to Iowa , gonna disappear for a week ... 
Just got back from TheMiddleOfNowhere , Iowa . And now I have to draw < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame by Spirit Lake in Okoboji . Yay , 10 drawings at a time D: 
Just got back from < PROPFEMALE>'s cabin . Got seriously bruised up while we were tubing ( but we got some serious air . ha ! ) Now if you excuse me , I'm going to go saw off my foot . 
Volunteering at my mom's work ... Working with little autistic children ( ages 2-5 ) They're so cute , I love them :) 
I'm so scared of growing up , growing old .... Mortality , losing all that I've got at the present . We go day by day , baby steps . We don't even notice when one day we're making little crafts in elementary school and the next we're in high school . Time goes so 
Going to see < PROPMALE > Potter :) Looking forward to the excessive use of filters :P 
my mom keeps on logging onto my account to play the games . Just saying so it doesn't seem like I'm good at pool , haha 
I'm working on one of the most tedious drawings I've done ... I've been working on it ever since summer started . Haha , the graphite on my fingers is getting all over the keyboard :P 
Just got the book I need to read for history ... If I read 30 pages a day , then I'll have at least ten days to write the paper . Yay . 
Is now on a personal quest to kill whoever created Mah < PROPFEMALE > . 
has a job interview tomorrow . Selling myself isn't exactly my strong point , though :P 
If you want to improve your anatomy and sketching skills , check out posemaniacs.com ! It really helps A LOT , especially the 30 second drawing . 
I just checked online . I got 1st and 3rd place at the State Fair ! The old Chinese man drawing probably got 1st . But I can't find the big ribbon winners , like Grand Champion ... If anyone can find them , please tell me ? :P 
Just finished my AP homework ! But is there a certain number of pages the essay can be ? I think mine's a bit long ... 
' s backpack already weighs 30 pounds , and it doesn't seem possible that another 2 '' binder'll fit in there . Another fun year at school . 
Anybody know a place that's hiring ? Need money , and nobody's buying my drawings D:< ( I'm trying to come up w/money for a plane ticket for Spring break ) 
< PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > were amazing ... They sure gave people a reason to spend their money at theaters during the Depression ! 
Trying to sing with a tuner for the first time , and I'm so off the needle's bouncing everywhere ... Do any good singers have advice for an inept firs t-t imer ? 
Screw playing it safe . I'm going to risk becoming a starving < PROPMALE > ist and try to < PROPMALE > in < PROPMALE > . Maybe it'll take me somewhere ...?? 
No man is an Iland , intire of it selfe ; every man is a peece of the Continent , a part of the maine ; if a Clod < PROPFEMALE > washed away by the Sea , Europe is the lesse , as well as if a Promontorie were , as well as if a Mannor of thy friends or of thine own were ; any mans death diminishes me , because I am involved in Mankinde ; And therefore never send to know for whom the < PROPFEMALE > tolls ; It tolls for thee . 
I know geek = computer obsessed , techie . So what's the difference between dork and nerd ?? 
And has anyone ever noticed how lol looks like a bald man drowning ? I seriously cannot see it any other way . 
Hoping for a snow day !!... Even though everybody knows it's not happening . 
is drawing < PROPMALE > from The Office . 
I just wrote a a two-page response about how learning other languages is good and beneficial , to a Californian who was pissed off that the \real\ " Californians are being replaced by latinos . I think I'm paying too much attention in Spanish class . " 
And I just realized , I didn't turn my AP Gov binder in on wednesday . I accidentally turned my Spanish binder in instead . Craaaap . 
Thoreau wasn't nearly as bad as everyone said he was . Then again , I did only read the conclusion :P 
Apparently I have sociology next semester , and I had no idea ??? I didn't even sign up for it ! Thought I had drawing again :\\ 
That anime freak on American Idol made me sad . I can never watch that show ; I get way too embarrased for them xD 
I found , in the depth and bowels of my graphing calculator , the full written lyrics to La Vie Boheme ( Rent ) , from when I was in Ninth Grade . It takes 1 minute 13 seconds to scroll down all the way . My God , I was bored in Geometry . 
I've come to the realization that , strangely enough , the reason I'm falling out with an old friend is I'm not nerdy enough . As if I wasn't nerdy to begin with . Strange how people drift in and out , for the most idiotic reasons . 
Damn facebook apps , posting when I don't want them to . Sorry D: 
Shut up , tetris . Don't you speed up your music at me . 
I cannot wait until I'm out of highschool and can mentally brain dump chemistry . 
OH MY GOD WE HAVE TO READ UNTIL < PROPFEMALE > 221 ??? Pfff , yeah right . 
My , is the Grapes of Wrath a delightful read . It's so uplifting and the plot simply sprints . I'm so glad I can spend the rest of my night reading the remaining 80 pages :D 
I always feel slightly nauseous after seeing friends I haven't seen since elementary school ... That are caked in makeup and fake tans :/ 
You know the one thing I'm going to remember when I'm 80 years old ? P . < PROPMALE > 42 Wallaby Way , < PROPFIRST > . 
Best pencils in the world ? A mechanical pencil , 2H , and 6H . I barely use anything else anymore ! ( to draw , haha ) 
Si hiciera bueno en la prueba manana , seria muy muy muy feliz . Pero , no es posible por que no se < PROPFEMALE > :( 
I really , really , really dislike bristol paper . It relies on blending rather than building up shades w/a pencil ... And I hate blending ; it musses things up :( Dang smooth papers and me having to use them for class . 
There's been this crazy shooting pain in this one spot on the side of my head for the past day now , a nd it's driving me crazy :/ That , and I might be sick . Nothing like being plugged up and congested during AP testing ! 
Went to the doctors ' and got a blood test done , and I fainted :o Definitely not giving blood anytime soon . 
\Never memorize what you can look up in books . \ " -Einstein\ 
This new drawing is going to be different , special ... I'm gonna go beyond anything I've done before , really push the medium to its limits . I'm going to create something so photorealistic that just the technical skill will be enough to make it more than a photocopy ; it will stand alone as its own piece , its own work of art . \ 
\ 
That would show Mrs. Elie . 
Just found out from someone ... Apparently my ' Breaking Facade ' drawing ( the one with the cracks ) wasn't even JUDGED at the County Fair ? It was too big :/ I am not a happy camper . It's not even < PROPMALE > up on the wall , it's just hiding out somewhere ... Why the hell did they even accept it if it was too big ? Why didn't they tell me ? Ugh . 
To the people in the high school : Please don't mistake me for a sophomore in the halls :( \ 
Sincerely , the midget . 
I wanna be forever young .... :( 
I love how the most hypocritical people are often the loudest . They spew out the most virtuous , righteous morality that all the cool kids are trending , but at the same are disgustingly vulgar . They expect grand things from their leaders , from their country , that they themselves can't even control in their own lives . They , who have the least knowledge of the intricacies of it all , are the ones to criticize the most . 
We bought a little fish , a guppy . Two hours later , it disappeared . Where did the dumb thing manage to go ? Oh , the mysteries of nature . 
I got accepted to Moore ! I'm going to Philadelphia next year !!! 
Anyone know how to adjust contrast settings on a laptop ? Mine went weird after I was trying to fix the touchpad :/ 
Wait ... there was a football game today ? 
