After a perfect New Year's < PROPFEMALE > , 2010 is looking pretty good ! 

is cooking greens and field peas and about to go make the cornbread . 
Just had college friends over -- Stacia , her husband Weyburn , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and his wife ( He lives in Rome now ) . Why don't I make time for old friends more often ??? 
can't believe my hubby just left for the paintball field . I helped him load up special paint for cold weather called \Polar Ice\ " . I told him that's his clue its too dang cold for paintball ! " 
. . . head spinning . . . Help ! I'm in facebook connectional overload . Somebody stop me ! 
Holy guacamole ! I just got home and this giant wormy thing was in my garden munching on a tomato ! I've heard of tomato hormworms but I didn't know they were that huge ! I'm posting a pic here in a minute . 
\I can't think with all this hair ! \ " The kids and < PROPMALE > like it just like it is but it is getting on my last nerve ! So off to get a haircut . We'll see if I chicken out or get it cut short like I want it . " 
The twins come back from their dad's Sunday . Gotta start eating my wheaties ! 
Ugh ! Coffee maker trying to go out . Need coffee . . . and Waysider pancakes with melted butter . 
Give me a head with hair , long beautiful hair . . . Weird . I started to wash my hair this morning and there's like nothing to hold onto . So far I love it though . Friends are discribing it as \perky\ " . I'm 41 so I don't often hear \ " perky\ " . We'll leave it a " 
The air went out at work and it's 90-something today . Swoon . The boss outa get that fixed . Oh wait , I am the boss . I keep forgetting . 
Ack ! I really do NOT like myself so much that I posted that pic again . I just don't know what I'm doing on FB yet . This is all because I laughed at Dad trying to figure out the mp3 player I gave him . 
is loving her job ! We had a meeting/staff retreat at Lake Lanier today . 
And from that experience I can tell you 10 is actually my breaking point , not 250 !! 
Just saw G-Force and it was kinda cute . It had flaming farts in it so was a big hit with the twins of course ! 
is thinking bacon , grits with extra butter , hash browns , pancakes . . . and is eating wheaties . 
Arrrrrrgggh ! The dog just ate the staps off my favorite sandals ! 
Why do I watch Toddlers & Tiaras ? It's like a wreck -- you don't want to look but you have to . Sheez . 
Off to the Habitat Women's Build . I'm way to excited for this early on a Sat . am ! 
is home with a sick kid . They start middle school Friday too . 
Fun comp time day today . < PROPFIRST > is all better . Ahhh , now I remember what it's like to stay home with my kids . Clean all day and the house is still wrecked . . . but I'm really present with my kids . 
Another one down . Now < PROPFIRST > has the stomach bug . 
Uh-oh . Another one bites the dust . < PROPMALE > got sick too . Nobody come to our house !! And he's supposed to move to NC this weekend . 
Lay on the deck last p.m. and saw 6-8 meteors . Being in the boonies has its advantages . No city lights , no traffic . 
has been \phoning it in\ " sprititually on autopilot and has tired herself out instead of focusing on Christ . . . A little light thought to start your day ! " 
A yellow bus just took off with my kids toward CMS . What should I do ? 
Sent my younguns off to the theahtah without me because I feel blah . Believe it or not , the Cedartown Community Children's Theater is pretty good . . . but they don't have stars on the ceiling like the Bama Theater . So it's not the same . 
is brewing coffee ! 
< PROPMALE > is back from NC without < PROPMALE > :( Wish i could make it all better but I can't . So he's gone to the \man cave\ " to work on paintball guns . " 
This a.m. a church friend told me I am fun on Facebook and I should show that more in real life . Thanks < PROPMALE > ! Hmm . My quirky sense of humor doesn't always play well in small town GA . I'm so misunderstood ! 
Is ready for a night at home but I've got to attend a dinner for work . Frozen pizza for my family again ! 
My radio alarm went off and Ravi Zacharias was talking about Camu and Sartre . Dude ! Brain overload and I wasn't even out of bed ! Still , I'm looking forward to the Truth Project tonight ! 
My kids teased me about my girly squeal I let out earlier tonight . It's not like me at all , but my friend < PROPFEMALE > that I've known since we were 12 is going to Women of Faith too . Sqeeeeal ! 
Please keep < PROPMALE > in your prayers . It's hard to move 5 hrs away when your 18 . I woke up at 4 am and prayed for him but I wondered why am I awake at 4 am ??? < PROPMALE > just told me < PROPMALE > had to get up about that time because classes start at 6 am . 
Wants to be < PROPFEMALE > Clairmont when she grows up ! Counting down till Women of Faith ! 
I have just enough energy to either work out or clean house but not both . Since I've been choosing everything else over the house for 6 months , I've GOT to clean my house . Blah ! 
Went to pick up the kids and Mom was stressing trying to help organize their notebooks . Yeah , helping 6th grade boys organize . Shudder . Keep in mind they just started school the 14th too ! 
is headed to Hotlanta for 3 days for Women of Faith Conference . Will come back inspired ! 
Women of Faith was awesome but I need to process all I heard . This year it was just too much good stuff at once . I think I pulled an emotion muscle and don't want to deal with any at all . Is this what it's like to be male ? At least I'll recover . Hahaha . 
Hubby was teasing me about \those women\ " making me cry but I told him it was actually < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Chapman . So Ha !! " 
< PROPFIRST>' elective at school is \career exploration\ " . He took an online test for possible careers and the results range from parking lot attendant to electrical engineer . Pretty sure he'll do neither and I'll be really proud whatever he does ! " 
< PROPFIRST > closed his finger in the door and declared it hurt too much to go to youth . Man , and I'm having a good hair day for once . It always happens when I'm staying home . 
O.K. My Rome friends who have done Thrive , should we do it ? I don't really want to spend the money but we really need to do something . 
Heeheehee . My dog just stuck her paw through a toilet paper tube . It looks like she has a cast on and is trying to gnaw it off . We're easily amused . 
Off to a cousin's wedding in Andalusia . Not the one in Spain . Wah ! Looking forward to seeing family but not to driving to Lower Alabama . < PROPMALE > asked what Andalusia is close to . Ha ! Absolutely nothing . Florida maybe ? It's only claim to fame is that I was born there . 
loves watching Atlanta news . Makes me appreciate living in the country . Police are looking for a suspect with the nickname \Stank\ " . Might that be the 1st clue not to let him date your daughter ??? " 
is back from L.A. Confused < PROPMALE > with all my family members . I think he still hasn't figured out how the groom is related to me , but we had a relaxing time . We skipped driving to the beach because < PROPMALE>'s coming home for a quick visit . 
Trying to get psyched up to clean out my \studio\ " to become < PROPFIRST>'s bedroom . The twins are still fine with sharing a < PROPFEMALE > bedroom but I can't take it any more . " 
is how I usually am in person -- at a total loss for words . Everythings cool though . I just really , really need coffee ! 
is pretending to be an extrovert this weekend . One speaking engagement down , one to go . Then I can go hide somewhere right ? 
asked < PROPFIRST > why he just sprayed powerade on the cat . \I felt like it . I just hope she doesn't hate me . \"" 
When I finished speaking at church there was my baby boy < PROPFIRST > giving me 2 thumbs up . It was so cute ! M's asthma was acting up so he didn't go . 
just tuned a guitar for the 1st time ever . I'm so proud ! I desperately wanted a guitar when I was a kid and \Santa\ " gave me a ukelele . . . but I'm not bitter ! Now living vicariously thru my son who is learning to play . " 
called the pediatrician's office repeatedly and finally got appointment for tomorrow . Now < PROPFIRST > tells me they're doing standardized testing at school and I need to reschedule . Aaaauuuugh ! 
is wondering how to help an 11 yr old boy get organized . When I figure that out next I'll work on how to get a 41 yr old woman organized ! 
is wondering what < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > are watching . All I know is < PROPFIRST > just asked < PROPMALE > , \Is that a dude or a lady ??? \ " We're thinking of turning off satelite next month and that idea is looking better and better ! " 
Home with a sick child . No , it's not the flu . < PROPFIRST > just can't stop coughing . 
is so not ready for Monday . See ? Is that even a sentence ? 
It's not looking good for school today . < PROPFIRST > is coughing constantly . 
The doctor says it is still questionable if < PROPFIRST > has asthma too but she told us to use an inhaler . His cough is much better after that . Hmmm . . . . He's not a happy campy and swears he doesn't have asthma . So we're calling it an allergy cough . Sounds much better , doesn't it ? 
Diet lesson #473 : Chocolate drizzled soy crisps are lower in calories but if you eat enough of them , they will still trigger a gall bladder attack . I learned this one last night . 
couldn't figure out why < PROPFIRST>' coughing suddenly got worse . So the twins casually mentioned they just dusted the fan in their room . With what ? Oh just with toilet paper ! 
was at the ER at 4 a.m. with a wheezing child . The wheezing is gone but < PROPFIRST > still doesn't feel too great . 
is so proud . < PROPFIRST > asked Grandpa to rent < PROPMALE > Python and the Holy Grail . Sniff . . . I was hoping this day would come ! 
' s temperature is 99.9 ' . Darn I was hoping to break 100 . 
is reclining on the sofa wrapped in Grandmother's quilt . If my throat didn't hurt , this would be totally awesome ! 
just back from the ER again . < PROPFIRST > coughed for 4 hrs . straight . Tried everything to avoid it short of pawpaws home remedy of whisky , < PROPFEMALE > and lemon juice . Well , he is only 11 . So they gave him codeine and he passed out anyway . Hmmm . . . 
< PROPFIRST > is much better . I'm still a little bleh so I'm sending \Fred & George\ " off to the Tellus museum with grandma and grandpa so I can rest . " 
made it back to work today and < PROPFIRST > seems ready to return to school tomorrow . Yay ! 
tried to rescue a baby bird tonight but it died . It is an ex-sparrow . Wah ! 
a ladybug bit me today ! Actually it was an asian multicolor beetle or something . Found that out when I looked up whether lady bugs bite . I watched it walk all over my laptop and thought , \How cute ! \ " Then I accidently put my arm on it and it bit me ! " 
< PROPFIRST > is too shy to approach his teachers about make up work . So he'll take a zero rather than ask questions . Do they have to drive me up a wall by being just like me ????? 
Big day tomorrow . We'll be separating the twins . Not exactly surgically but it kinda feels like it since they've always shared a room . Now I just have to move 300 balls of yarn and a ton of scrapbook and < PROPMALE > supplies out ! 
just remembered why I hate housework ! Oh I am sooooooo tired but the twins will come back tomorrow to separate rooms . 
My hubby's back from a bunch of grown men playing army . All's right with the world . Oh , except he has one paintball boo -- boo on his neck that looks just like a hickie . I'm teasing that the Valkries ( an all female paintball team ) must have been there . 
Funny , the Man vs . Wild guy is doing a show in Alabama . What's the big deal ? All he has to do is find any human and tell them his name is Bear ! 
Survived the fair . When did I go from a fearless kid to getting a little woozy on the ferris wheel ??? That's all the twins got me to ride ! Weighed this am and I'm down 7 lbs . Then I ate a funnel cake and probably gained it all back ! 
Has a stupid computer virus . Will talk to y'all later ! 
just got my hubby back from the paintball field where he worked a group of 40 by himself and now he has to work tomorrow . Not fair ! 
doesn't remember 6th grade being that hard . < PROPFIRST>' lack of organization and mine are colliding right now . Fun , fun , fun ! 
My husband just organized my baking supplies and canned goods . He deserves a medal ! Then when I said to make sure I can still find everything , he laughed at me . O.K. so it was a mixed up jumble before but I knew where things were . 
Going on a wild social work road trip with Mom tomorrow for a domestic violence conference . Everybody in North GA watch out ! 
If I could find the person who created this virus . . . 
is wondering how my hubby ran over his cell phone . I haven't heard the full story but he's not having a good day !! 
For sale enV Touch slightly used ( run over by 18 wheel gas tanker ) . Near mint condition ( just a few deep gravel marks ) . Kaleidoscope screen ( it's pretty but you can't see nothin ) . Why couldn't he have run over my ancient razr ?? 
is easily amused . My insurance agent just sent me a letter saying he noticed we don't have earthquake coverage . I got the biggest laugh out of that . Maybe I need to get out more ! 
gets along well with my older stepson Zach every day of the year except today . He's a Tennessee fan ! 
We're going to visit < PROPMALE > this weekend . It kinda messes up several other plans I had but its the only time we could go before next year . The leaves should be pretty though ! 
Early release day for parent teacher conferences . In Home Ec < PROPFIRST > will be doing business plans and how to run a business meeting . I know some grownups who could use that !! Who knew ? When I took home ec we made peanut butter cookies ! 
We cancelled our satellite service and the kids are in mourning . Actually they are shooting each other with nerf darts right now . . . but everyone mourns in their own way . 
enjoyed the fall colors driving from Summerville tonight after parenting class . Yeah , I'm teaching it not enrolled in it , why do you ask ? 
Home with a sort of sick child . Still trying to determine how his throat can hurt bad enough to stay home but he swears its not strep and he doesn't need a doctor . 
just spent all day waiting in the hall at juvenile court and didn't get called to testify . Bleah ! 1st time I've had to do that since I left DHR in ' 98 . So I guess I shouldn't complain . 
Amazing ! I was praying about an aspect of my job last week and today my prayers were answered . I'm just blown away . 
not feeling so great . 
just found out Euharle creek flooded and there's a \boil water\ " alert for Polk Co . So now I'm wondering if that's what's wrong with my tummy . Did I drink the water ? " 
I was just listening to a message online and the minister said the blessings from God's word never end \like an everlasting gobstopper . \ " I think I just spit soup on my laptop ! " 
12 years ago today < PROPFIRST > was born at 12:15 and < PROPFIRST > at 12 : 41 ( he always did like to take his time ! ) . Happy Birthday to my flying monkeys ! 
I rarely go to the mall but for some reason I chose tonight . . . which turned out to be < PROPFEMALE>'s debut . Everybody in Rome and some genuine reindeer were there . The reindeer looked about traumatized as I was . 
had fun at choir practice but now has \Mary Did you Know\ " stuck in her head and keeps singing it without meaning to . " 
Stopping by the house on the way to teach parenting class . I'd appreciate your prayers because the parents in my class are usually facing tough circumstances . . . and then well , they get me as a teacher ! LOL 
sending the boys to wash their hands so they can \help\ " bake cookies for the cookie exchange . " 
So I caught the boys 5 < PROPFEMALE > after I got home from the cookie exchange . They were taking a bite and discarding the rest of some of the cookies . The ones they liked they were scarfing as quickly as possible . So much for freezing cookies for Christmas . 
is back from my tour of L.A. and south GA . I never want to drive again ! But I got to see my neice and nephew and still got the twins to their dad's in time for the Alabama game . 
' S CAT JUST TYPED THE CAPS LOCK KEY . She looked just like she knew what she was doing . Sorry guys , it's a slow night with the twins in Gadsden ! 
has got her husband scrubbing toilets at 11:30 at night . I guess the guilt trip worked for once . LOL 
has a half decorated Christmas tree but is going to bed now anyway . 
Ealier tonight I found < PROPFIRST > stuffing toothpicks in < PROPFIRST>' recorder . Only my child would turn a musical instrument into a weapon ! 
Christmas gift hint for husbands #43 --- Not a snuggie ! 
Sweater for Granny -- $21.95 . Turtlenecks for Mom -- $6.99 ea . Driving home from the mall with the boys while blaring Kutless -- priceless ! My parents hated all music I listened to as a kid . My kids don't know how lucky they are ! 
My children climbed all the way into the dog's carrier -- designed for a 35 lb dog , not a 130 lb boy . Next they were about to ride it down the stairs but < PROPMALE > heard their plans and stopped them . Photos to be posted later ! 
Yesterday my hubby wore the Alabama hat I gave him to Walmart . Then he forgot he had it on and couldn't figure out why everybody was saying \Yeah they're gonna whip FL's butt\ " . Sounds more like something I would do . " 
is just back from hearing < PROPFIRST > sing in the middle school chorus . You haven't lived till you've heard midde schoolers sing the Hallelujah Chorus . Just a thought ! Glad they sang a real Christmas song too ! 
Monday-basketball practice , Tuesday-teaching class , Wednesday-youth & prayer service . Tonight-Nothing ? An evening at home at last . Yay ! 
' s face still hurts from laughing at the sun sch party last night . Whoever thinks Christians are all stuffy and sour faced has been hanging out with the wrong Christians . LOL 
has housework and present wrapping induced back pain . I really need a maid for Christmas ! 
5 days till we leave for < PROPFEMALE > Beach . My parents , my brother and his family and our family are meeting up there . Can't wait ! 
is eating Christmas pop rocks < PROPFEMALE > with my kids . It says it's peppermint flavored but its not -- more like sugar flavored ! I caved and let them peek in their stockings since I'm trying to pack for our trip . 
is wondering why I thought kazoos would be a fun stocking stuffer for the kids . 
is really glad no one could see me and < PROPMALE > trying to do yoga with the Wii Fit last night ! 
had a great time with family @ < PROPFEMALE > Beach . My neice and nephew are adorable . Now the twins are gone to their dad's for a week and its way too quiet ! 
O.K. everybody , drop what you're doing and go see Avatar . It was really mazing ! < PROPFIRST > outdid himself this time . The aspects that maybe wouldn't jive with our beliefs led to some interesting discussion with the kids . Best movie I've seen in a while . Can you tell I liked it ? 
is excited for the twins . They finally get to be big brothers ! No , I'm not pregnant but their stepmom < PROPFEMALE > is ! They have been begging for a baby bro or sis for years ! 
Ungh . . . is it really morning ? Monday mornings after vacation are special , aren't they ? 
Hmm . . . I started singing and my dog groaned . What does that mean ? You know the sound Ton-Tons from make in Empire Strikes Back ? That's the sound she made . Should I quit the choir ? Get a new dog ? 
just back from bra shopping . We won't even go there ! Two teeny boppers were trying on clothes and threw m&m's in my stall . Wouldn't have been so bad but one was getting maternity clothes ! 
wearing fur-line boots , long underwear , 4 layers , a scarf and hat just to < PROPFEMALE > the twins to basketball practice . Are you sure we're still in < PROPFEMALE > ? 
' s Dad took my kids playing on the golf course in the 2 milimeters of snow . Their shoes are soaked . They haven't seen ice on a pond before and tried to step on it . 
Cool ! Polk Co . schools are closed tomorrow too ! Woo hoo ! 
1st of all Rollllllll Tide ! It will be a COLD night in Cedartown tonight . My sweet hubby just announced he was rooting for Texas because he always likes the underdog . Bad night to be on the sofa , that's all I've got to say . LOL 
Entertainment for the night -- clipping coupons . I found a spam coupon for Spam Singles ( lite or regular ) . My favorite was SpongeBob Cream of Wheat in Chocolate Lagoon or Bikini Bottom < PROPFEMALE > Brown Sugar flavor . I'm not making this up ! 
< PROPFIRST > asked me if we can make ganache . What are they teaching in 6th grade home ec these days ? Unfortunately , like me , he only likes making sweets ! 
O.K. I posted an old pic . I'm holding my baby brother who is now 34 . Let's see that would make me . . . old ! 
I sang to a llama in an elevator because that's how I roll ! 
If you are a wife , that has a wonderful husband that works so hard and would give up anything just to give to you , then repost this ... I have the most wonderful husband . He's always worked hard and always put his family first . He's been my soul mate for 7 years and we're still honeymooning ! He's so sweet and understanding and I love him very much ! 
has the finest husband in Polk County . LOL He put up the blinds in my office and < PROPMALE > up a vent cover that has been down since I started there . He is awesome ! 
The vet gave us vallium to give the cat . All we have to do is pry her mouth open and push it to the back of her throat . I'm thinking the only way this is happening is if I take some 1st ! 
At dinner tonight < PROPFIRST > said , \Does it bother you to have a little brother so much smarter than you ? \ " Good thing I have my kids to keep me humble !! " 
Off to the boys ' basketball games ! 
is amazed at how little it takes to make a middle school boy happy . Our water pressure is so low its barely a trickle tonight . So < PROPFIRST > got out of taking a shower after basketball practice and he is thrilled ! His classmates may be less than thrilled tomorrow ! 
just tried it and the jedi mind trick doesn't work on < PROPMALE > . \You don't need to check your email . You are very sleepy . \ " It didn't work and now I must surrender the computer . " 
excercised with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > @ church and I didn't die . Maybe the wiifit is doing some good after all . Starting Thrive tomorrow . Yay , I think ! 
Yay ! I enjoyed my 1st Thrive class tonight . < PROPFIRST > is the teacher and he is fun ! For my < PROPMALE > friends , Thrive is a local weight loss/health thing , you wouldn't understand . Yes , I know I was skinny last time you saw me in 1990 or so . Just picture me that way ! 
is wearing a huge fluffy Alabama sweatshirt and reading Same Kind of Different As Me . . . when I'm not on FB . 
thinks ther should be such thing as a \rain delay\ " for work and school and that we need one today ! " 
Upward basketball report -- Michael scored 6 pts . Unfortunately , they were playing < PROPFIRST>' team . 
My dog has a stuffed animal graveyard under the bed . < PROPFIRST > discovered she had chewed up a stuffed otter and a < PROPFEMALE > . He said , \She ate otter and she's gonna cr*p thumper ! \ " I think he's seen < PROPMALE > too many times . " 
Can you become a fan of Taco Casa Tuscaloosa and Thrive Weightloss in the same night ? I feel guilty and I haven't even eaten there in years ! 
It's snowing !!! Too bad it was already a furlough day for Polk Co . schools . The boys are in Gadsden and planning to play in the snow with their dad . So the dog , < PROPMALE > and I will have to make up for it by acting like kids in the snow ! 
is so happy my hubby is on is way home ! I don't like him driving in snow , especially driving around thousands of gallons of gas . I'm just funny that way ! 
Had a great anniversery weekend ! Hiking in the snow , going to the GA aquarium . Seven years with my sweet hubby ! 
is back from Hotlanta . Nice place to visit but I wouldn't want to live there ! Any place where it takes 45 < PROPFEMALE > to drive 10 < PROPMALE > with thousands of your closest neighbors isn't for me ! 
is awake . Ugh , its early ! Helping < PROPFIRST > add a footnote to his report on < PROPFIRST > Washington Carver . 
is eating 1/2 a Thrive-approved brownie , drinking coffee and waiting for What Not to Wear to come on . 
has a different last name from my children . But I have to say I have never killed a chicken , acidently or otherwise . LOL 
Baked chicken and squash for us grown ups . Krystals for the kids . My next goal is to work on their eating . < PROPFIRST > thinks vegetables are just a way to torture kids , so this oughta be fun ! 
Yay ! My puppy is Thriving . < PROPFIRST > gave her a sugar-free popsicle and now she's begging for them like crazy . Also , the kids say these brownies smell like the cat's food . Mmmmm . 
doesn't really think the snow's gonna happen this time . . . but I'll still close the office if it does ! LOL 
just rolled up a big snowball across the yard for the first time in my life . Weird , we had no accumulation at my office in Rome but a bunch here in Cedartown . 
Ever had a dinner disaster ? I'm not famous for my cooking anyway but ewww ! Something went horribly wrong with the marinade . Thanks goodness for Zaxby's . 
Off to hear Dad preach in Cedartown ! 
is amazed at the power of french toast . A little double fiber french toast w/sugar free syrup and suddenly the world all makes sense . . . or it could be the 3 cups of coffee talking ! 
O.K. People are suggesting changing your profile pic to a pic of your oldest child . I have 3 oldest . Zach is the oldest of all the boys but since he's my step-son , is he my oldest ? M & C are twins and you could say they're both oldest . Boy , step-families are complicated ! Well , I'm happy to have 3 great oldest sons ! Guess that makes < PROPMALE > the baby ! 
is cleaning house and wishing she could afford a maid . But then if I did have a maid , I'd feel like I had to pick up before she got here . 
just went skating with the kids and did not die ! 
Dear Diet Devil , I don't appreciate you sending my husband home with a Boston butt after I'd already had dinner . Cooked by his uncle in a homemade cooker He might have even raised the hog . Pretty sure it's not even a cat IV meat , maybe about a cat XVXXI or something . But I have to give you credit for brilliant strategy ! Also , can I count about 9 oz smothered in bbq sauce as a snack ? Sincerely , bloated but happy . 
absolutely stunned . Mashed cauliflower is not nasty and is actually good . The kids gave me the pre-teen eyeroll when I asked them to try it though . 
My kids are going to Sevierville with my parents for 3 days . Indoor water park ? Oh I am so jealous ! 
Holy guacamole ! I weigh the weight on my drivers license . I haven't done that since , well , ever ! All my sisters back me up here . We don't lie ; we just underestimate by 10 lbs . because we hope to lose that by next time we renew , right ? 
While I was gone the dog knocked the door open ( she can open the door from the garage if the deadbolt's not on ) . So I go upstairs and there are feathers on the floor of my bedroom . There is a bird in my bathroom !! And of course < PROPMALE>'s 8 hr paintball game is today . So Dad's on his way over to help with the bird . How in the world ??? 
is in pj's watching Supernanny and having my 1st cup of coffee . Can I take tomorrow off too ? 
PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence . Andalusia , < PROPMALE > 
Working at home is awesome . . . till your sick son has a coughing fit while you're composing an email and the dog come to sit by you and needs a bath . 
The boys were home sick today but begged to go to youth . That makes me happy and probably makes Happy happy . 
Ah , family togetherness . Mom was sick , then < PROPFIRST > and then < PROPFIRST > . Now I feel bad and < PROPMALE > feels even worse . Whatever it is we don't want it . Can we send it to your house ? 
I see sick people . 
Shaved my legs and painted my toenails . It must be Spring ! Still out sick but at least I can sit on the deck and crochet . 
was finally able to lie down and sleep without feeling like I was drowning . Now I can enjoy all this sun ! 
So frustrated ! I finished all but the top 1 1/2 inch on the arm of a sweater and ran out of yarn that I got at < PROPFEMALE > Mays . Went by there and it was apparently some of the yarn that was damaged in the fire . Arrrrgh ! 
is grateful for a husband who picks up Subway for dinner no questions asked ! 
has absolutely nothing to say . Where's my husband when this happens ? He'll never believe it ! 
Lunch today in Decatur was corned beef and cabbage with potatoes and really good bread with butter . Dessert was a hugemongous piece of apple pie with real whipped cream . And what did I fix the kids for dinner ? Frozen pizza . I should feel guilty , shouldn't I ? 
< PROPMALE > puts up with a lot , bless his heart . He got a new digital camo paintball outfit and I sent him off with instructions not to get his new \play romper\ " dirty . Tee < PROPFEMALE > " 
is hungry and about to go cook asparagus for the 1st time . 
Men thirst for victory , hunger for power ..... OVER others . In error they believe that victory and power over others give them control . The man who really gains control is the man who thirsts for victory over himself and hungers for power over his own self only . 
The boys have declared themselves too old for egg hunts . So I asked them if they would hide eggs for me and < PROPMALE > because I still love egg hunts ! 
enjoyed our one week of Spring . How could it be 88 degrees in early April ? 
Mom and Dad are going to T-town without me today . Well , tonight I'm speaking at Mom's United Methodist Women's group at their church and the kids have CRCT test this week . So I couldn't go anyway , but I have to whine a little ! 
is confused why my kids insisted they needed to buy sunglasses and take their mp3 players and PSP's to school tomorrow . Apparently after testing they get outdoors and electronics time . I think my co-worker and I should take outdoors time tomorrow too ! 
I hear the weedeater so I guess < PROPMALE>'s home . Should I tell him rain is coming and the grass will just need cutting again in a few days anyway ? 
is literally limping into Monday . < PROPMALE > and I are both having problems with our right feet . I'm trying to come up with a good story like a horrible line-dancing accident or me kicking him under the table for something he said . Bad fitting work boots and rheumatoid arthritis don't make for an exciting story . So keep up in your prayers and help me think up a more interesting story . 
Burp . Disculpe . Just had Mexican food with Mom , Dad and the twins . Yummm . 
is taking the twins to a couch party where they're going to burn 9 couches . It's a 12 y.o. pyro's dream ! There'll be a hot time in the old town tonight . Fire , fire , fire ! 
Huge fire . Then the fire dept came out and our youth director even got his picture made with a fireman . And we were driving home from the party just when the fireworks show after the Rome Braves game started . My boys said it was a perfect night ! 
Our promised lands are characterized by the presence of victory , not the absence of opposition . -- < PROPFEMALE > Moore 
has decided her foot is rebelling due to plantar fascitis rather than my rheumatoid arthritis which means maybe I can do stretches instead of the dr putting me on another med like he keeps so generously offering to do . Yay ! Of course I have not discussed this with the doc yet , but what do they know ? 
Sent the big boys ( < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > ) off to the races . But I have 3 twelve year olds here . So far they have rescued a turtle from our dog and destroyed a pallet with a baseball bat ( with our permission ) . They are now discussing what to do next . Yikes ! 
is wondering how do you explain to a man that \I invited Mom for dinner tonight\ " involves at minimum a last minute trip to Kroger ? " 
is encouraging the boys to finish their posters about < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > da Vinci . If I were the teacher , I would give them about C- right now . I'm trying to convince < PROPFIRST > that , yes , you do have to put color on the poster . Ugh ! 
wonders if the < PROPFEMALE > is full . Oh the stories from work today ! You know when you take someone's history and you wonder if they actually are just telling you the plot of a movie they saw once on Lifetime ? One of those days ! 
wondering why < PROPFIRST > just has to watch Deadliest Warrior and then complain that he can't sleep . Boys ! 
does not recommend snuggling a sick child , even when it is a sinus infection that is \not contagious\ " because it apparently is . " 
Wow ! I was working at home today and I just saw a mule pulling a buggy down our road . Now even for Cedartown , that's odd ! 
disapointed . We were planning to go kayaking but they are recommending \experienced paddlers only\ " because the water is way up from yesterday's rain . Does going whitewater rafting 27 yrs ago count ? " 
going to finish reading Sounder to < PROPFIRST > . He needs 3 more AR tests . Glad Polk Co . will be out till Sept . 7th . I need a break too ! 
Who gets bronchitis in late may ? This is just wrong ! Oh well , one week till beach . I'm sure that will cure it . 
will never get a haircut when I'm sick again . I don't recall asking to look like < PROPFEMALE > Fitzgerald but then I had taken a lot of cough medicine before I went . Mom likes it and < PROPMALE > is apparently afraid to say if he doesn't . So for now I look kinda like a mushroom . 
sent the big boys off kayaking . I stayed home still getting over bronchitis . < PROPMALE > definitely has the kayak bug and I'm thinking < PROPMALE > will like it even though it doesn't have wheels . 
One more day of school for the boys and 3 days till the beach ! 
found out you can rescue a mouse trapped in a swimming pool using only a flip-flop . Then realized aaaack , there's a mouse on my flip-flop and flung both across the yard . 
Back from Kayaking in Dahlonega . It was awesome ! We got rained on so we even stayed cool ! 
Kayak Lesson #1 : If you're husband wants to see a cool rock formation past the take out and paddle back upstream to get out , when he asks , \Think you can make it ? \ " Just say no ! " 
Kayak Lesson #2 : Never let your husband alone where kayaks are sold . Also anywhere with guns , paintball guns , motorcycles , ATV's , trucks , etc . Only when he goes out on a manly outing , you can send him alone . Then you go shopping ! 
We paddled Terrapin Creek and then met Zach and < PROPFEMALE > at < PROPMALE > N Nicks Bar bq . A perfect saturday ! 
An earthquake near Washington DC ?! They must've know my family is coming ! 
survived DC . Still not sure how we got 4 kids , 6 adults and a stroller around on the metro but we did . 
Wait , wasn't I just on vacation last week . Where did it go ? 
is glad my kids ' school starts late this year . Is that weird ? 
Will the aliens who took over the brains of my formerly adoring children kindly return them ? Thank you ! 
Went for a dinner with my parents without the kids so we could have all adult talk . So what did we talk about the entire time ? The kids ! Oh and maybe my brother's kids . 
I hear motors revving . < PROPMALE > must be home . ( For my old friends , < PROPMALE > is my stepson who is into dirttrack racing and pretty much anything with wheels ) . 
Face it , I married into rednecks . Just got back from riding 4 wheelers . I have to admit it was fun . 
Sending the boys off 4 wheeler riding again . It's just too hot for me ! 
has all her original working parts . . . for one more day . The gallbladder is going byebye tomorrow and I can't say I'm sorry to see it go . 
home from surgery and feeling good enough for a quick post . It just might have been worth surgery to have < PROPMALE > and the kids wait on me hand and foot ! 
As he left for work , < PROPMALE > told < PROPFIRST > he's in charge because he's the firstborn of the twins . Even on painkillers I know this is a bad idea . The boys are taking good care of me but I did have to reasure < PROPFIRST > that < PROPFIRST > is in charge of the house and not of him . 
Tired of resting . And for my 1st venture outside the house . . . taking the dog to the vet . Padme has an ear infection . 
You gotta catch mom when she's weak . I've been craving cake for about 3 months . We loaded up a cart with a ridiculous amount of junk food , including cake for me . So I guess we'll all be having a blow it day ! 
Aw , the kids were teasing me because I was crocheting and watching < PROPFEMALE > Eyre . Could I be any more nerdy ? Fine change it to the < PROPFEMALE > Wars marathon then . 
< PROPFIRST > is cutting the grass and < PROPFIRST > is riding his bike . Is this what quiet sounds like ? 
Sick leave would be more fun if I weren't sick . I'm just saying . I'm feeling just good enough to be totally restless . And if the kids watch Total Drama Action or Suite Life on Deck again , I'm gonna go postal ! 
Every time I try to get things done , I get a slight fever . Frustrating . I'm off work and can't do anything . Hmm . Maybe it's my sign to sit down , shut up and rest . Maybe . I'm still not convinced . 
Thanks everyone for your prayers . I feel dramatically better today . 
1st day back @ work went to training about meth . Awful , demonic stuff . Found out Hitler used it . That would explain a lot . It makes me want to warn people away from it . . . do something . . . but what ? 
Endless Summer . My boys are STILL not in school . Nah nah nah nah nah . They went to Sevierville with grandma and grandpa for one last hurrah . 
Anybody want a 13 yr old grumpy bobtailed cat ? I was defending < PROPFIRST>' new kitten and Stripes sank her teeth into my hand . She's a great < PROPMALE > and mouser . Anyone ?? 
Try explaining to a 12 yr old who < PROPFEMALE > Childs is . Earlier it was ZZ Top . Thank goodness for Youtube . 
Middle school orientation . Need I say more ? 
Home mythbusters with the boys to determine if coffee creamer really is flammable . Yes , we did get it to burn a little with effort but not impressive at all . They were just happy I let them play with matches . 
New pet < PROPFEMALE > , you are sooo cute but kindly unhook your claws and stop eating my t-shirt . Also stop walking across the laptop . 
Whew ! Kayaked yesterday with my sweetheart and then up at 6 a.m. for 1st day of school today . 
is wondering how it will be tomorrow watching the < PROPMALE > game with three 12 yr old boys . 
My mom had a heart cath this a.m. and they didn't find any blockages . So no stents or surgery needed . 
There are advantages to being shy . I gave an hour long presentation today without inhaling . If I'm gonna keep doing this I probably need to learn to breathe though ! Fainting would be so unprofessional ! 
Not only am I having to re-learn middle school math , its gifted middle school math . I'm feeling distinctly un-gifted at the moment . 
I went to Sports Authority in < PROPMALE > today . The salesman told me I didn't need new shoes , just insoles . I can't remember a salesman doing that before ever . I did buy insoles where before I was \just looking\ " at shoes and not ready to buy yet . " 
< PROPFIRST > just made lasagne . Friday he made red < PROPFEMALE > cake . I think we may have a future chef . For some reason my weight reached a plateau and I can't imagine why ! 
Need some zip and excitement to my life . So I took a knitting class earlier tonight . The kids are giving me a hard time about it for some reason ! 
looking forward to learning stuff with my mom tomorrow . 
Great day with my mom at a domestic violence conference . Yeah , I know it doesn't sound fun but we're weird . Besides I'm happy to be learning how to help others and no longer experiencing it myself . There was a lot of info about the response of the faith community . 
Found our lost kitten . < PROPFIRST > would have been heartbroken . Whew ! I think our cranky old < PROPFEMALE > Stripes chased her away . So we've got Stripes on the back deck . Bad < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Polk Meth Summit this Thursday , Oct 7 at GA NW Tech in Rockmart . Anybody interested in becoming educated about meth ? Let me know and I'll give you the details . 
Why oh why did I send hubby to the dermatologist the week before \prom\ " ? He had lazer treatments on a couple of his toes . So we may not be cutting the rug a lot tonight !!! Maybe I should have had a chemical peel of my face just to make it complete . LOL " 
Mmmm . . . mutsu apple my favorite . Just back from the Apple Festival in Ellijay . Now if I can keep from eating the fritters I bought for the twins till they come back . 
I figured out where all the room in my brain came from . I totally deleted 7th grade math -- actually pretty much any math . And yet he still asks for my help . 
managed to convince the boys the Chiaha Festival will be fun ( and promised a trip to game stop to spend their allowance afterwards ) . 
is ready for < PROPFIRST > to get over bronchitis and asthma . I can tell he's really sick because he has no appetite and goes to bed early ! 
No more coughing in this house . I mean it ! 
thinks the learning curve on a droid isn't bad . . . if you're not trying to answer it for the 1st time when you're child's school or pediatrician is calling . 
is one day away from 2 teenage boys in the house ! 
\Defend the Bible I would just as soon defend a lion . Just turn the Bible loose . It will defend itself . \ " - < PROPFIRST > H . Spurgeon\ 
< PROPFIRST > has an appointment with a pediatric pulmonologist tomorrow . We are tired of him being sick . 
Good news from the pulmonologist . < PROPFIRST>'s lung function tests and xrays actually look pretty good . She thinks reflux is what is causing the asthma to be worse . I suspect the same is true for < PROPFIRST > . So now we have a direction to go in and maybe we can manage them better . 
My parents are my heroes . Talk about the sandwich generation . They spent the week helping care for sick grandkids and then zipped down to Tifton to go to a dinner with my grandmother . 
Is it a mixed blessing when your 13 year old loses his voice ? 
trying to figure out how to read a book on adult ADHD and knit at the same time . 
Oh no , I broke my resolution not to shop on Black Friday and bought something . Now I can't poke fun at people :( 
It seems like just yesterday the twins were 2 and stomping on my plastic \unbreakable\ " ornaments and smashing them . " 
Could use prayers for an \unspoken\ " request . Don't you just hate those ? " 
needs wisdom and has none . . . but I know who does ! 
is trying to figure out how to get Christmas stuff out of the attic since < PROPMALE > is working this weekend . 
Tired . Just back from conference w teachers . They were very nice . Now I just have to get a 13 y.o. to do mountains of make-up work . 
My ride home from my mom's . We started sliding until I could get a tire on the grass . We got stuck @ the last 2 giant hills before my house and I didn't want to try to get around the other cars . The boys and I ended up parking it and walking the last 1/2 mile . Goood to be home !! 
Polk Co Schools closed too ! The boys are so relieved . 
< PROPFIRST > has bronchitis again . How does this happen ? Last year he wasn't sick at all . 
< PROPFIRST > has a fever of 101 . I guess I won't be frosting christmas cookies with him today after all :( 
Would like to thank < PROPFIRST > for secretly changing my ringtone . I woke up to the phone blaring a Mr. Hanky < PROPFIRST > tmas song . 
Yay , internet is working again on my phone . Now to get back out in the snow ! 
I knew that bisquick in the back of the pantry would come in handy . 
Thinking the technician who is supposed to come fix the DSL to won't make it up our hill if he is coming @all . 
Is not happy that < PROPMALE > is headed to Atlanta . Hmm ... snow & ice and driving a gas tanker . Not my idea of fun !! 
Thinks a husband repairing walls and painting is very attractive ! 
Is confused & befuddled but thankful for a God who never sleeps . He knows exactly what's going on . But it sure would be nice if he'd clue me in ! 
No , I haven't been abducted by aliens ( even tho I'm from < PROPMALE > ) . Some things just don't work for my usual snappy status update . 
I was trying out a belly dancing move on Zumba for Xbox Kinect and our dog Padme was staring at me . So my son < PROPFIRST > said , \Don't look Padme . There are some things you just don't need to see !! \ " . . . And she's back ! " 
Yay for husbands who bring home subway ! 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day and Happy 8th Anniversary to the love of my life ! I'm looking forward to spending the rest of our lives together . You are so wonderful , so sweet . . . and the best looking man in Polk County . I love you ! 
Going to play < PROPFEMALE > pong wiht < PROPFIRST > . 
Speaking tomorrow -- twice !! Anybody seen The < PROPMALE>'s Speech ? LOL It's kind of like that only instead of a speech impediment , I have words that just leave me . I don't know where they go . They just leave . Stupid words ! 
Strep throat . Bleah ! That means no baby < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow and maybe no church , but there are some things I just don't want to share ! 
Great quote from ADHD expert Dr. < PROPFIRST > Barkley about trying to shape our kids’ personalities—“We need to realize that we are shepherds , not engineers of sheep . ” 
Thinks before you become a parent you should have to face the Kobayashi Maru test . 
Oh my poor hungry hubby . He ate his salad about 2 hours ago and just now discovered I had put a plate in the microwave for him of \real food\ " . He was so excited . " 
Stepping out there , Lord , and whether I soar or go splat on the rocks below you're with me ( but if it's all the same to you , I prefer soaring to splatting ! ) 
Sibling war ! Copy and paste this if you are the smartest of your siblings . If this stands for one hour without your brothers or sisters protesting it , it's completely true . 
Eating Taco Casa sopapillas ! Mmmm . Uncle < PROPFIRST > and Aunt < PROPFEMALE > are visiting from t-t own and they brought them to me ! 
O.K. I sprung ahead . What more do you want from me ?? 
Are we sure it's not Friday , I mean are we really sure ? 
Just added another title to my list -- Milk referee . Yep , I oversee the amount of milk consumed by one kid at night so the other can have enough for his morning cereal . Really amused and glad I have kids and milk ( even if its a small amount ) . 
Just went to a wild game supper . Tastes like chicken ... Yeah really gamey chicken ! 
Please keep < PROPMALE>'s dad \Cotton\ " and their family in your prayers . They just diagnosed his wife < PROPFEMALE > with a brain tumor and are doing surgery Tuesday . " 
Anybody want a dog ? It has a white arrow on its chest and my kids named it Ang . I'm trying not to get suckered in . 
Dinner and a movie with my baby ! We've been too busy to date lately . 
Played with plants . . . um , I mean worked in the yard all day . I'm too tired to clean the house . So if anyone comes over , we'll be standing in the yard ! 
