Tonight will be bittersweet last day for < PROPFIRST > Frye . will miss her terribly but see great things for her on the horizon love ya most < PROPFIRST > . 

so just to let everyone know i will be starting to sell avon this next week . You can look at whats avaliable online at youravon.com/mrust however i ask that you not place an order there . Please send your choices to m email at k4lyons@yahoo.com and i will put them in after this first order i will give you a new website you can shop from . thanks everyone 
can i just say i want to go home to good old SICU 
T- < PROPFEMALE > us 2 hrs and 10 < PROPFEMALE > till launch see ya Utah 
black 
People need to understand that children with special needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure & it's not contagious . They only want what we all want : to be accepted . Most people probably won't copy and paste this . Will you do it and leave it on your status for at least an hour ? It's Special Education week , and this is in honor of all the kids who need a little extra help & understanding 
quitting smoking sucks sucks sucks 
woke up this afternoon and seem to have missed place my gall baldder yay let the healing begin 
PROMISE TO MY KID : I will stalk u , freak out on u , lecture u , drive u crazy , b your nightmare , embarrass u in front of your friends , hunt u down like a bloodhound until the day u understand why I do it . Then I will know you're a responsible adult . All ... because I love you . You will never find someone who loves you and cares about you more than your MOM 
all the unselfish moms out there who traded eyeliner for dark circles , \ 
Salon cuts for ponytails , Long showers for quick showers , Late nights \ 
for early mornings , Designer bags for diaper bags , and wouldn't change a\ 
thing . Lets see how many moms repost this . Moms who don't care about \ 
... whatever they gave up , instead ... LOVE what they ge ...... t in return . Repost \ 
this if your a mom and LOVE your kids 
my fun bithday activity today , laying a tile floor in my kitchen yay it is worth it though 
UHGG Back to work tonight after 5 off is so very very hard 
I thought getting married meant i never had to pump my own gas or change my own flat tires , Boy was i wrong i was informed whats the point of haveing a skill if you dont use it 
mess with me I can handle it ... mess with my child and I will bury u where nobody will find u !!! 
Playing rock band with my kiddo before he leaves for 4 months of basic training . Had to stop several times to go to the bedroom and cry .... im such a sap 
Heard from my soldier boy his biggest complaint ........... Its freakin hot here in < PROPFEMALE > ......... 
I love nights I get to work with my favorite peeps ... 
A daughter will hold your hand for awhile , but hold your heart for a lifetime . It's National Daughter's Week . If you have a daughter and love her with all your heart , copy and paste this to your profile 
I like it on the table 
Fake (+) (+) , Perfect ( o)(o ) , Perky (*)(*) , Cold (^) (^) , Grandma's \\./\\./ , Big ( o )( o ) , or small (.) (.) , Save them all ! Repost for Breast Cancer Awareness 
My parents were so MEAN to me when I was a kid ! They made me do chores , go to school . They gave me a curfew , made me get a job and work for the things I wanted . They insisted that I do my best at school and my job and take pride in my work . I grew up with morals , a good work ethic and .... respect for the law . I thank G ... od everyday for my MEAN parents ! LOVE YOU MOM AND DAD ! THANK YOU-Copy and paste if you agree 
There comes a time in life when you walk away from all the pointless drama and the people who create it . You surround yourself with people who make you laugh , forget the bad and focus on the good . Life is too short to be anything but happy !!!!!! Re-post if you agree , I totally agree !! 
your just jealous because i can trip over flat surfaces and you cant 
32665 
I hate it when plans go up in smoke 
34 hours till my Soldier boys is home so excited 
So , let me get this straight - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > might be getting his 8th divorce , ElizabethTaylor is possibly getting married for a 9th time , < PROPFEMALE > Spears had a 55 hour marriage . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > and Tiger Woods are screwing EVERYTHING , yet the idea of same-sex marriage is going to destroy the institution of marriage ? Repost to your < PROPFEMALE > if you agree - Proud to support equal rights for ALL 
4 more days till we move yay ................... 4 more days till we move please shoot me 
So we finally made it and are settleing in now the adventure begins 
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > , and to the REPUBLIC for which it stands , one nation under GOD , indivisible , with < PROPFEMALE > and JUSTICE for all !! I grew up reciting this every morning in school . We no longer do that for ... fear ... of OFFENDING SOMEONE !! Let's see how many < PROPFEMALE > NS will re-post this & not care about offending someone ... 
BEER 
This week we remember babies born sleeping or whom we have carried but never met , or those we have held but could not take home or the ones that came home but didn't stay . Make this your profile status if you or someone you know has suffered the loss of a baby . The majority won't do it , because unlike cancer , baby loss is still a taboo subject . Break the silence . In memory of all lost angels . 
Doesn't make much sense , does it ?? : Homeless go without eating . Elderly go without needed medicines . Mentally ill go without treatment . Troops go without proper equipment . Veterans go without benefits that were promised . Yet we donate billions to other countries before helping our own first . 1% will re-post and 99% won't!! Will you ? LETS GET HEALTHY FIRST THEN WE CAN HELP OTHERS !!! 
? If lilacs grow in heaven , Lord , then pick a bunch for me . Place them in my grandma's arms and tell her they're from me . Tell her that I love and miss her , and when she turns to smile , place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for a while . Copy and paste this if your Grandma is in heaven . ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Night Kiss 
I have curves , so I'm fat . If I wear makeup , I'm fake . If I like to get dressed up , I'm a hoochie . If I say what I think , I'm a bitch . If I cry sometimes , I'm a drama < PROPFEMALE > . If I have guy friends , I'm a slut . If I stand up for myself , I'm mouthy . Seems like you can't do anything now a days without being labeled ... So what , go ahead and label me , see if i give a sh ** . Repost this if your proud of who you are :) 
Hey ! Village Idiots picketing fallen soldiers ' funerals .... Yeah , I'm talking to you ! Do you know WHY you are allowed to do that ? BECAUSE THE DEAD SOLDIER YOU ARE TRASHING , GAVE HIS OR HER LIFE SO YOU WOULD HAVE THE FREEDOM TO EXPRESS YOUR STUPIDITY ! Feel free to copy and post-I did because I wasn't afraid to express my undying gratitude to every single service person past , present and future . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......! 
< PROPFIRST > SHEEN 47 , is all over the news because he's another celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 , < PROPFIRST > G . Stark , 22 are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . Honor THEM by re-posting this status . 
60 degrees and No rain so far its a great day 
? ? Cousins are often the first friends of your life . Cousins share your childhood memories . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ; even if you're not in regular contact .? ? Re-post this if you have some of the Greatest cousins in the world , even if you don't see each other very often .. :) 
Yay my < PROPFEMALE > comes home from the hospital today . It sucks not having him here 
Good Food Good Friends and BINGO !!!!! had a great night out 
Dear Mr. President , I hear you would like to freeze pay rates for military starting next year . Would you also consider cutting your own pay to save more money for our country ? While you're at it , lets cut down all congressman's pay too . If the people who risk their lives don't get an increase in pay , why should we raise pay for those who take no risks and reap the benefits ? REPOST if you support our troops 
Dear Congress : I took this job knowing I would never get < PROPMALE > . I've missed out on many holidays & spent them working . I may have to lay down my life or take one . My life expectancy is shorter than yours because of the stress . You think I'm overpaid & and won't pay me because you can't work together to keep our government running , but you will pay yourself ?? SHAMEFUL ! Post if you support our military 
We all live by our own choices . What we put out into the Universe will come back to us . So the next time your wondering \Why Me \ " . Look back at how you have treated the people in your life and you just might find your answer . " 
Family are like underpants !!!! Some crawl up your ass , some get a little sideways , some are your favorite , some are holy , some are cheap and just plain nasty , some of them are full of shit , some you don't know how you got them , and some actually cover your ass when u need ' em too ! \ Re-post if you agree " 
If you cross the North Korean border illegally , you get 12 years hard labor . If you cross the Afghanistan border illegally , you get shot . If you cross the U.S. border illegally you get : a job , a drivers license , a place to live , housing benefit , health care , education , child benefit , tax free business for 7yrs . Need I < PROPFEMALE > on ? 
Can I make a request ? Is anyone willing to post this and leave it on your status for at least 1 hour ? It is Special Education week & Autism Awareness Month , and this is in honor of all children made in a unique way 
Family isn't always blood . It's the people in your life who want you in theirs ; the ones who accept you for who you are . The ones who would do anything to see you smile , and who love you no matter what . ~ Re-post if you have at least one person like this in your life 
In honor of Mother's Day I'm trying to see how many of you are willing to change your profile picture to a picture of your mother and keep it there till May 9 . I did and so have several others . If you will and like this idea , please repost this as your status so everyone gets the word and see how many beautiful mothers we can get on FB . 
Westboro Baptist Church , we have a funeral you can protest . It's in Pakistan and we'll help you pack . The Patriot Guard promises not to bother you . ( borrowed ) 
< PROPMALE > 6lbs 9oz Ryne 7lbs < PROPFIRST > 6lbs 6oz < PROPFIRST > 6lbs 9oz 
I've carried a baby within my body . I've slept with a baby on my chest . I have kissed boo boos , mended broken hearts , been puked on and pooped on & spent sleepless nights in a rocking chair . But I wouldn't have it any other way . My body is far from magazine perfect , but when I look into the mirror I see a mom , and there is no greater honor or blessing . Make this your status if you're proud to be a MOM ??? 
So does this mean we are still on for Dec 21 2012 as the end of the world ? im just asking 
I have to say i miss the Drive-In in Utah 
Needing someone to talk to , how many would actually be there for you ? I can guarantee not even 1 of your Facebook friends will copy this status . If you would BE THERE FOR ME , set this as your status & see how many of us would be there for you ! ( I just did for 1 of my friends ) Let's try it out & see . Prove me wrong\ 
friend 
A normal person has 1,000 wishes . A SOLDIER only has one , to come home safe . I know 97% of you won't post this as your status , but the 3% that do are my friends . In honor of someone that died , a wounded warrior , or who is fighting ( or has fought ) for your freedom , please re-post in their honor 
This year's July has 5 fridays 5 saturdays and 5 sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is called money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese philosophy of Feng Shui . Those who read and do not copy will be without money . I am copying cause I'm not taking any chances . It's worth a try !!! 
How do you expect kids to listen to their parents when Tarzan lives half naked , < PROPFEMALE > comes home at midnight , Pinocchio lies all the time , Aladdin is the < PROPMALE > of thieves , Batman drives at 200 mph , Sleeping Beauty is lazy , and Snow White lives with 7 guys . We shouldn't be surprised when kids screw up , they get it from their story books !! Copy this on your wall if you laughed !! Thanks for the laugh 
???????????????? If You're Proud To Be An American Wave ???????????????? This Flag In Honor Of The Fallen Men ???????????????? And Women Who Served Our Country , ???????????????? And For Those Who Are Still Fighting ???????????????? THANK YOU AMERICAN HEROES !!!!! \ 
???????????????? Come Home Safe and Sound you are\ 
???????????????? missed by Many 
Working holidays is a double edged sword you cant participate in all the fun but you get a great paycheck . 
I get to see my Soldier boy today cant wait ! 
Damn kid missed his flight 
please pray for my friends there baby was born very early and needs all the help he can get 
< PROPFEMALE > Winehouse dead due to overdose ( all over the news ) What about Army Sgt < PROPFIRST > W . Koehler July 18 , 2011 ; Army Sgt < PROPFIRST > K . Mowery July 18 , 2011 ; Army Sgt < PROPMALE > A . Jones July 18 , 2011 ; Army Staff Sgt < PROPFIRST > M . < PROPFEMALE > July 19 , 2011 ; Army Sgt < PROPMALE > Molina July 19 , 2011- < PROPFEMALE > in Afghanista n ? How many will re-post this news ??? 
Instead of telling someone who rides a motorcycle how dangerous it is try looking twice before switching lanes , making turns , or pulling out of a drive way . Stay on your side of the road , especially in corners . Don't follow too closely . Keep your eyes on the road and off your cell phones . Give the riders this courtesy instead of your judgement . You can re-post if you are a biker or have a biker you care about 
Salary of the US President ................. $ 400,000 \ 
Salary of retired US Presidents ........... $ 180,000 \ 
Salary of House/Senate ..................... $ 174,000 \ 
Salary of Speaker of the House .......... $ 223,500 \ 
Salary of Majority/Minority Leaders .... $ 193,400 \ 
Average Salary of Soldier DEPLOYED IN IRAQ $ 38,000 \ 
I think we found where the cuts should be made ! If you agree ... RE-POST 
A fifteen year old girl holds hands with her one year old son , people call her a slut , no one know she was raped at 13 . People call another guy fat , they don't know that he has a serious disease that is causing him to be overweight . People call an old man ugly no one knew he had a serious injury to hie face while fighting for your country in the war . Re post this if you are against bullying and stererotyping . I\ll bet 89% of you won't " 
31 lost , 31 unwanted visits , 31 doors receive that dreaded knock , 31 families with shattered hearts , 31 pairs of boots lined up with rifles and dog tags and helmets , 31 comrades remembered and grieved for , 31 funeral services , 31 names on newly made grave markers , 31 empty places at the table , 31 souls who gave all , whose lives leave a void , so let's take 31 seconds to re-post this and pause to reflect on such a sacrifice as 31 gone forever 
puods ?? o ?? ?? s o ? ? u ?????? ? q ???? I ? sn ??? s ? no ? o ? ?? s ? d pu ? ? do ? ‘s ??? p ??? u ?? no ? ? I -- ? sod I ???? o ? uo ?? u ???? ?? d spu ???? ?? ? o ? u ?? ? oH 
Happy Birthday to my Mother that started a facebook < PROPFEMALE > and hasnt been on since I Love You Mama 
Thank you everyone for all the great birthday wishes the were all greatly appreciated and i hope all of you have had as wonderful a day as i had LoveYou all 
PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO THE FLAG OF THE UNITED STATES OF < PROPFEMALE > AND TO THE REPUBLIC FOR WHICH IT STANDS , ONE NATION UNDER GOD , INDIVISIBLE , WITH < PROPFEMALE > AND JUSTICE FOR ALL ! \ 
\ 
MY GENERATION GREW UP RECITING THIS EVERY MORNING IN SCHOOL WITH MY HAND ON MY HEART . THEY NO LONGER DO THAT FOR FEAR OF OFFENDING SOMEONE ! \ 
LET'S SEE HOW MANY < PROPFEMALE > NS WILL RE-POST THIS AND NOT CARE ABOUT OFFENDING SOMEONE !!!! 
Diabetes ... I am asking if everyone would put this as their status for 1 hour . I'm pretty sure I know the ones that will . Think of someone you know or love who has , or has had , diabetes . My wish is that in 2012 a cure will be found . Will you post this for 1 hour to honor those who have fought , or are fighting , diabetes 
It's Daughters ' Week ! If you have a beautiful Daughter that you\ 
love more than you can describe , copy and paste this to your\ 
status for a little while but hold her in your Heart for a Lifetime 
Im 12 weeks craving twix 
So the US Supreme Court has ruled that you have the right to protest military funerals . I invite you to start your protest in my front yard , and we can see if your first Amendment right ( freedom of speech ) is better than my Second Amendment right ( the right to keep and bear arms ) . Re-post if you feel the same . 
It's I love MY SISTERS week . If you have sisters who have made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you , watched you succeed , saw you stumble , cheered you on and kept you strong , post this . Sisters are friends forever . Put this on your status if you have amazing sisters ... 
Diabetes . . . I am asking that everyone post this as their status for 1 hour . Think of someone you know or love who has or has had diabetes . My wish is that in 2012 a cure will be found ..... Will you post it for 1 hour to honor those who have fought or are fighting diabetes 
We need to teach our daughters to distinguish between a man who flatters her and a man who compliments her .... a man who spends money on her and a man who invests in her .... a man who views her as property and a man who views her properly ..... a man who lusts after her and a man who loves her ..... a man who believes he is God's gift to women and a man who remembers a woman was God's gift to man . \ " , 2011-09-20 19:17:18 " 
Please do me a favour : please hover over my name here , wait for the box to load and then hover over the \Subscribe\ " link . Then uncheck the \ " Comments and likes\ " choice . I would rather my comments on friends ' posts not be made public . Thanks ** Then repost if you don't want your EVERY MOVE posted on the right for everyone to see ! :) i'll do the same for you if you want . just click \ " like . \ " \ 
It's Diabetes Awareness Month ! It isn't pink or sexy , it doesn't involve boobs , football players or cute shirts . It's about being grateful when you or you loved one wakes up in the morning . Its about 3am blood check , needles , low blood sugars , and the smell of insulin on your hands after changing a pump site or filling a syringe . Thats a diabetics LIFE . Repost if you are or you love someone with diabetes 
You’re a nurse ?? That’s cool , I wanted to do that when I was a kid . What do you make ? ” “WHAT DO I MAKE ?? I make holding your hand seem like the most important thing in the world when you’re scared . I can make your child breathe when they stop . I can help your father survive a heart attack . I make myself get out of bed at 5am to make sure your mother has the medicine she needs to live . I work all day to save the lives of strangers . I make my family wait for dinner until I know your family member is taken care of . I make myself skip lunch so that I can make sure that everything I did for your husband today is charted . I make myself work weekends and holidays because people dont just get sick Monday thru Friday . Today , I might save your life . I make a difference , what do you make ? ” REPOST if you are a nurse or you love a nurse 
I have so much going on in my life right now ... I need a blessing and can't afford to not pay it forward ... so here ya go ... Hey you ... yeah , I mean you . If you have taken a minute to read this ... God has seen YOU struggling with something . God says its over . A blessing is coming your way . If you believe in God send this message on , please don't ignore it , you are being tested . God is going to fix two things ( BIG ) tonight in your favor . If you believe in God drop everything and re-post it . I just did 
U DON'T HAVE TO SUPPORT THE WAR , SUPPORT OUR TROOPS WHO FIGHT #1 \ 
VETERAN'S DAY IS 11-11-11 , REMEMBER WHY WE HAVE THIS DAY ! THANK A SOLDIER WHO MADE IT HOME OR THE FAMILY OF ONE WHO DID NOT !!! DON'T FORGET OUR CURRENT SOLDIERS EITHER 
I would like to know whos bright idea it was to work a 16 hour shift last night ....... oh yeah mine . My body says we can no longer be friends . 
