This new years was fun . Played rock band all night . Im an expert guitarist . ( on the game ) . Made also new year resolutions that i can actually keep this year . :) 

Love is powerful beyond your most trustful dreams but it depends if that love is pure and true or filled with hatred to another . That is when love cannot soar and is lost in the mist of your nightmares ....... 
OMG !!!! < PROPFEMALE > was amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Im in england now and its goin good . Be back in july 4th .. Much love ... 
Im home !!!!! 
Starts school on the 17th .. nervous .. i have to make new friends ,, uGH 
At school .. Llove my friends !!! 
At school in the computer lab ... lol ... 
When i see the stars i wish upon the one i see first .. i wish for the one thing that will NEVER come true .. THE FAIRYTALE STORY ... * wishinguponastar * 
Everybody watch >>> the u-prep swag .. my new school .. 
Hanging in the bedroom being bored and now getting sleepy ... lmao . 
You muust see thiis viideo noow ! It'ss the besst onee ! winssen.com/115/ 
Dude this is makenzee .. im not sending those videos at all .... i dont know whats going on .... really im not sending these videos i dont know .. what happing .. im srry yall are getting made at me just dont open any videos from me cuz it anit me .. im not sending them .. im mad .. ugh . ///// HACKERS !! i hate them .. 
Dude this is makenzee .. im not sending those videos at all .... i dont know whats going on .... really im not sending these videos i dont know .. what happing .. im srry yall are getting made at me just dont open any videos from me cuz it anit me .. im not sending them .. im mad .. ugh . ///// HACKERS !! i hate them .. 
plz dont get mad at me im srry .. dont click any links that u think i m sending u otr there from me .. because its not me .. but hey i still love yall .... 
AGAIN dont click on any links i have sent u in th past .. i was hacaked but im pretty sure im not anymore .. Just dont click on any links from me from the past .. starin now it should just be me .. :) 
like usual i miss < PROPMALE > GA . For real . 
Maybe maybe i just might move back . to the one place i know i have ppl that love me . Nite to all my facebook friends :) 
Happy New year !!!!!! Feels great ! 
Well im officially 17 .. in Ga at this very moment .. Also i will be 17 here in Cali in 2 hours . Yip-ee . Another day older and still haven a blast . Lucky me . 
Im official 17 everywhere . Yeah ! Me ! anthor year older . :) 
so this is Mickayla Sulkis wishing my best friend Makenzee a very happy birthday !! <3 
Just finished a chem project which was a tiisse paper 6ft hot air balloon . Horrible . it look good though . And im spending time wit the my project partnes aka besite aka Bethanyy .. so yea peace . :D 
At Mickayla Sulkis house having a party ... :) haha . 
Correction im at Mickayla Sulkis house having a party and were on the phone with < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > Sentouktsi .. :) By the way i love his last name .. i cant even pronounce it .. :D 
Just got back from bowling .. me and Mickayla Sulkis .. It was intense .. 15$ for 3 hours of unlimited game time and shoe rental includeed .. So much bowling my hand are killing me ... HAHA , it was hecka fun ...!!! :) 
Going to bed cuz i have school tomorrow . and my life suckks\\ !!!!! oh well i will ( hopefully ) get over it . with the help of prolly my best friends . 
WEll homework sucks , this week is going to be ok actually and Dear < PROPFIRST > comes out on Friday .. anybody wanna go with ?? . :p . lol :) 
wat up ?!!!!!!!!! SAINTS WON ! SAINTS WON . 
Its been nice on this break of school of mine . Love it . Im chillaxin and having some super fun with the peeps .. :) 
Life is pretty ok . School sucks as usual . Family still loves me . About two weeks until Spring Break and im leaving to Vegas with Mickayla Sulkis . Hip Hip Hooray ! 
In las Vegas .... Having the time of my life with everybody and @Mickayla ... Whoo hoo !! 
Had a really GREAT AND FUN TIME at Hanne Rygge house today . My bestie Mickayla Sulkis was there and my other < PROPFIRST > Husbyn . We had a really fun time chillin by the pool and stuff . :] Great Saturday 
At < PROPFIRST > Husbyn b-day party . Going to have tons of fun . The rest of the people are coming in so . peace out . 
Monday- school , sucks . I officially have a case of senioritis and im not even a senior . WOW . 
Tuesday- school , alright- passed my chem final . Still have senioritis . I think its gettin worse . :) 
Talkin to my future husband .. < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > .... LOL jk .. Hes jus my best friend ..! :D 
i love my best friends new wife she is australian .. :D he has my approval .. LOL 
BABYSITTIN .. Money is money right ? lol 
In Craigsville , West < PROPFEMALE > .. Hanging with the grandparents .. workin at their restaurant .. Makin that money .. Relaxinn .. ( its summer . no homework or anything ) . LOVEIN IT ! Yea my life is good at this moment in time ... :D 
HEY !!! Well now finishing off my summer in < PROPMALE > , GA visiting friends ... :D for a whole week ! YAY ! 
Missin my peeps and this one person in GA ... So very much . :( 
Back in Cali . and im actually feelin quite alrite . But there is apart of me that is always goin to miss something someone or both at this moment in time where im not actually being busy . SO this summer made me think a whole lot more than school did . .. . 
Chillin . I have everything ready for school next week so im bored right now . Youtube browsing and found MarsRaps pretty kool white rapper . I like him . LOL . { s.n. I miss him alot more than you think (: } 
Including today there is only three days until school starts , summer ends . Ugh . Havin fun swimming this week and hanging out wit friends . :) { s.n. I dislike guys } 
School tomorrow . fun ! lol . First week was quite ok . A little tired but still life is good right now :) . { S.N. I have an ooVoo ! and él está mintiendo Ugh . } 
Today was nice . School was relaxing in a way . not much to do . Playing hide n seek with my lil 4yr old cousin and shes so small i couldnt find for like 20min . It was insane i thought i lost her . lol . :) { S.N. Missing him . and I have an ooVoo its zmak18 look me up } 
Well today at school was quite entertaining and boring at the same time . and tonight was fun ! ooVoo photo shoot with Mickayla Sulkis and < PROPFEMALE > BizarreCuppcake . (: { S.N. Wondering if he loves me ? & ECONOMICS SUCKS BALLS already !! } :) 
Hmmm . Homework . Dont.like.it . \You should have known the price of evil\ " .... ... .. . \ " TONIGHT . WE . DIE . YOUNG . \"" 
Serious Debate going on ... Comment below if you have an answer .. Why do guys like boobs so much ?? Guys please honestly . 
FML ... Its < PROPFEMALE > all month long then .. The one day I plan on having a pool party with some friends .. IT FKING RAINS ... then it goes back to < PROPFEMALE > the rest of the month . according tho the weather channel . UGH ! { s.n. It wont bring me down imma still have fun today . And El me amo } 
I love God . Today was relaxing and \cold\ " ... Tomorrow is going to be warm and fun . Minimum day ! :D { s.n. Its MY fault not his . Im done with this game . } " 
HmmMmm .. I think my life is a roller coaster with < PROPMALE > twists and turns and everything a wicked awesome roller coaster consists of . Yet I think im doing good , i haven't thrown up , gotton dizzy , mentally ill or died yet . So I guess I'm doing good so far right ? Right . { s.n. I have the most awesomest best friends in the world , they help me thorugh a lot . :) Love you yall ! } 
Welll ! this weekend was filled with sushi , superheroes , lottery tickets , books , clothes , hats , sunglasses , starbucks , applebees , notes through your self fone , and walking . This weekend was pretty exciting . :) But i still have today .. Wonder wats in store ? { s.n. UMMMMMM } 
todays saturday . :) i have nothing to do . :) My life is fun .... 
Finally got a < PROPMALE > to see INCEPTION .. It was an amazing movie . love it . a lot . \ 
{ s.n. \ Love is an irresistible < PROPFEMALE > to be irresistibly < PROPFEMALE > d\ " |Robert Frost|} " 
Hey guess wat ? I dont smoke , do drugs , or drink alcohol . Sorry if I'm not considered \cool\ " in your book because your wrong ... I am still the cool one . Thanks for caring ... (: " 
Wow . Im bored . I just liked 70 something pages . WOW . Im pathetic . Lol . Tomorrow is school though . YaY ! Finally something that isnt boring . :) Night FB ! 
Today has been amazing ! I feel joy . I feel genuinely happy . :D Things are better than they always seem to be you just have to look for the silver lining , there is always one no matter who says otherewise . (: 
A lot to do this week .. ugh . why must senior year be so exspensive i thought your financial trouble started freshman year of college ?.. Oh well one way or another i have to get through all this sh*t . lol . 
College Trip today .. YAY ! Relaxation and hanging with some friends plus you get to see some colleges . how awesome is that ?? :) (: 
Well , took the ACT this morning and did her part helping with the uprep rummage sale , now she is relaxing and drinking some hot coco , watching a movie , and texting . You have to love the rain and weekends . (: 
I am glad that it is finally the weekend , I can now relax and take a breather from school for two days and chill with the friends .. :) ha . Also I realized that I have been obsessively listening to the song Just the way you are by < PROPMALE > mars and it is one of my Favorite songs at the moment or more like for the next 7 months . lol :D 
I HATE THE FRIGGIN GAME \DIFFICULT\ " .. Whoever made that game should go die in a ditch . It makes me so frustrated . I cant get past the 10th level . UGH !!!. I am a person that doesnt give up so this game is extremely frustrating to me . I want to beat it but its so damn hard . I want to hurt somebody right now . UGH . ... { s.n. Three days of school this week . YAY ! } " 
Today is great . This week so far has been amazing . Tomorrow will be(hopefully ) awesomely fabulous . [ side quote . \The candyman can cause he mixes it with love \ 
Im thankful for God , my giant giant family , and all my friends that i have made in my whole existence of living . Happy THANKSGIVING Everyone . 
This weekend is going to be nice . Thanks heavens because I have been stressed . Tomorrow here I come ... .. . 
Chilling at Starbucks bout to go back to school . Exciting short day so far . :) (: 
Well , completed two finals yay ! Now studying for two more .. whoawho . Also i feel really behind in the whole its Christmas time and I need to start shopping for christmas presents . :D 
? 
Ok im not confused anymore . Everything is what I thought it was . Oh well . -_- 
I care I do care . My downfall is that I care . 
At starbucks ! Whoohoo ! Chilling with the peeps and doing some homework . Only have one more class today at 1:20 . :D Totally happy today ! Its a really good day . umm . yea . 
Word that describes my senior life right now : .......... 
i love men 
My birthday has been amazing < PROPFEMALE > far .. its not over yet ! :D Thanks you everyone for wishing a happy birthday so far . I love You all ! (: 
wild crazy orgies ;) normal friday night :) 
Well .. Lets just say this weekend was AWESOME ! Thank you everybody for the \happy birthday's\ " and love . I love yall dearly . <3 Sunday : rest (: " 
All i have to say . Its a good game . Steelers are going to win . Point blank period . 
Feliz día de San Valentín !!! May it be special and fun .. Shoot may it be relaxing or and boring because We have no school ! :) <3 
:) (: It is snowing at my house !!! yay .... thank you God , I love the snow . <3 
So far this weekend has been crazy but it ended great tonight ... So we wait for tomorrow and see what is store . :) 
Good day ... \ 
[ s.n. Hes a russian dork . I <3 him ] :) 
Boring friday :( .... Thats ok this week was alright and this weekend will be fun no matter if certain adults cant make the right decision . 
Nice day today :) [ s.n When you want to see somebody and you cant .. What do you do about it ? ] 
Cant seem to let go , go ahead push me away , i thought you cared .... Was i wrong this whole time , just a fool blinded by something good i saw in you , you were there . i was there , and now poof its gone , the light is no more just darkness surrounding the beaten , bruised , scarred heart . So the time has come to walk away and i dont .. Whats your next move ??.... 
Well ... Good news : I might be getting a car Bad news : my cousin just moved into my bedroom with me :/ so yea weekend was UGH . and WTF . [ s.n. He left a scar and a footprint on my heart . Why does it still hurt ? Its weird , I know i'm stronger than this ] 
Good day . I'm officially saying that Redding has bipolar weather . Loving life little by little . Still have hard decisions to make and i still miss him . lol . yup . yup . Kool . :) 
\To Live would be an awfully big adventure\ " \ 
At starbucks chillin :) its a good day today . 
Life is swell .. I love my cousin ;) ..... But jeez never thought my family would talk so much about me behind my back .. Wow . 
Got my prom dress ! Next up the shoes .. :) nightie night 
