I believe , in the end , what's most important to me is the KNOWING . I don't really give a shit if I'm wrong or right , I just want to know the truth . To see past all the lies , all the illusions , the misdirections and evasions , and KNOW , not just guess . Guessing is beginning to wear thin . 

Eventually , I'll stop being diplomatic and start dropping facts and the \ 
things I do know , and people will be cornered and defensive and \ 
aggressive ... but I bet they'll stop underestimating me . Maybe they'll \ 
just come out and be honest . But probably not . Meh . 
The problem I see with the honesty I seek is that most of the time people cannot be honest with themselves . I cannot rightfully expect them to be honest with me when they aren't even aware that they're decieving themselves . But I can hope , right ? 
Perception . A person's perception determines their reality . I don't know why I occasionally forget this , it never fails to cause me endless trouble when I do , and it's one of my fundamental beliefs ! To summarize the chain of thought : Those you love will probably never love you the way you love them , for one simple reason : their reality is different , thus their definition of love is different . 
Do not pretend conclusions are certain that are not demonstrated or demonstrable . 
Should you always do what you want to do ? No . Should you always do what you need to do ? Yes . Should you always do what you are FORCED to do ? HA ! Gotcha ! No one can ever force you to do something . In the end , you always have a choice : To do or not do that which you need/want/feel ... 
\When the storm breaks 
I wish I could remember how to fly . 
oKAY . uPDATE ON MY DAY . eVERYTHING JUST GOT super FUNNY . i JUST SPILLED THE ENTIRE BOX OF FUCKING CHERIOS , AND i CAN'T stop giggling ! wheee ! 
DOn't feel too good . Coming down off of the giggles I think . Suckage . 
Can't sleep . Stupid brain . 
ZOMG ! Fucking dishes were fucking disgusting . Rotten chicken fat , vegetables , and ramen anyone ? 
So it continues . The SFB has hopped gelatinous upon the Mass Effect train just to do it , even though her room smells like a pile of mayonnaise and dirty diapers that's been out in the sun for a few weeks , the sink is overflowing with dirty dishes , the kids were fed applesauce snack cups for breakfast , their laundry STILL hasn't been folded ... 
I feel like I woke up in filth Hell right now , and Sloth and Gluttony's \ 
reeking lust-child is mouth breathing while playing Mass Effect on the \ 
stinky couch . 
I wish heaven had a telephone so I could hear your voice again . I thought of you today , but that is nothing new . I thought of you yesterday and days before that too . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name . All I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake with which I'll never part . God has you in his arms , I have you in my heart . ~ Repost if you love someone in Heaven ~ 
People who use pity as a weapon are more than pathetic ; they are contemptible . 
Fatloser is reeking on the couch , kids are ZONING ( and I do mean zoning ) at their respective hand-held video game players , Tannis hadn't had his pill , she'd in the middle of talking to her friend on XBox Live , slurring her words ... maybe she's having a stroke . Well , I can hope ! 
One of my biggest pet-peeves is how people will PROVE something that they constantly deny , and yet you know that if you say something about it , they'll just deny it again , or worse , make up some LAME excuse . I am so done with today . 
Why tempt fate ? Sorry everyone , I'm not superstitious , but this year October has 5 Fridays , 5 Saturdays and 5 Sundays . This happens once every 823 years . This is money bags . So copy this to your status and money will arrive within 4 days . Based on Chinese Feng Shui . The one ... who .... does not copy , will be without money . I cannot let that person be ... me ... Copy within 11 < PROPFEMALE > . Good Luck 
I finally understand how painful love can be , how hopeless and lost it can make you feel when it's not returned the way you want it to be . I know love is complicated , and I try to have faith in my belief that True Love will never , ever be a bad thing . I finally understand ... and I wish to God I didn't . 
Why\ 
was I born with this ? Why do I have to < PROPFEMALE > the burden of it ? I don’t want it . \ 
I never have . All my life I have wished things were different . All my life I\ 
have wished I was born different , that I had something that would make me whole . 
But\ 
I don’t , and I never will . I have been ostracized , hurt , punished , \ 
pushed-aside , violated all because of an accident of birth . All because I am\ 
not what I am , but because I have something than no one will see past . 
I\ 
should never have been made to feel the hatred and disgust that I feel towards\ 
myself , but I have and I do . It hurts so much more when someone you love has\ 
said that they can and will love you regardless , and you believe them , and you\ 
are loyal and trusting and they betray you and change their mind , deciding that\ 
they cannot accept you . 
It\ 
hurts even more when they say they still accept you , but everything else that\ 
they do , whether behind your back or in front of your face , says loudly and\ 
clearly that they are rejecting you . Understand : this isn’t something they\ 
should be judged or condemned for . They are only human , and I will not condemn someone for the frailties that I myself bear . 
[ POKE ] me if you ever had a crush on me or still do ... [ LIKE ] This status if you think I am a good friend ... [ MESSAGE ] me if u ever wanted a relationship with me ... I wont tell anyone ... [ COMMENT ] on this if we have had good memories ... NOW LET'S SEE WHO'S BRAVE ENOUGH TO COPY THIS AND PUT ON THEIR STATUS ! I was brave enough !! Are you ? 
Never in my life have I wished to see behind the Veil to what lies beyond . Never in my life have I ever wanted anything but a peaceful mind . I didn’t ask for this , but I am punished for it none-the-less . I am hated and feared when I use it , and I am laughed at and underestimated and objectified when I don’t . I am so tired of knowing , but it is a part of me , and I can’t bury it . 
I intensly dislike being ambivalent , especially towards people . 
It's a terrible thing to find out that you do not/cannot live up to the expectations of someone you love ; it is even worse when you find out that you do not/cannot live up to the expectations you have of yourself . 
Wow , so I have no idea what happened , but apparently SOMEONE's bubble got busted , ' cause now she's even more irritable ! Can a videogame really be that important ?!? 
There are three key aspects of what makes a friend a friend : caring ( to be concerned or solicitous ; have though or regard ) , respect ( esteem for , or a sense of the worth or excellence of a person , a personal quality or ability , or something considered as a manifestation of a personal ability or quality ) , and devotion ( < PROPMALE > attachment to a cause , person , etc . ) . 
Fair-Weather Friend : One who is friendly , helpful , or available only when it is advantageous or convenient to be so . If you are only willing to devote time and effort to you friends when you need something or don't have anything else you'd rather do , guess what ? You're one of these . 
