good morning , love and abundance to all 

I , m trying to get caught up with all the hugs , I love you all ... 
My oldest son Koda and his awesome fiance are getting married on sat .. I , m < PROPFEMALE > excited and proud .. theyer growing up .. 
< PROPFIRST > , I had an awesome time with you and the girls , thankyou .. 
happy thanksgiving to all of you , remember to be grateful , for all the simple blessings that surround us .. 
even in the middle of chaos , there is joy .. a simple smile from your child , the sun coming out on a cold day .. a hug from a friend .. and damn do I need hugs , thank god I have friends . 
Happy new year everyone , i love you all ba safe !!!! 
I have internet again , happy happy , joy , joy .... 
Thankyou to all of you for my birthday wishes .. 
I had an awesome b-bay , spent it with good friends .. and made an awesome meal .. pot roast and crab .. tonight is T2 ... Cherbear and < PROPFEMALE > say they will join me ... anyone else ? 
my penis fell off in the car wash , gah ! 
ok , so funny story .... my son hacked my site .. yes I love penis , s ... but i don , t think I lost one .. by the way he , s dead meat .. gotta love being a perent of a 14 year old .. 
Happy Easter to all and have a blessed day .... Sondra and < PROPFIRST > .. 
I gotta feeling ... tonights gonna be a good good night ... I got a job !!!!! goodwill in the book dept .. how perfect ... life is amazing .. yay me !!! 
we , ve lost another one to the angels ... all of us Trino , s fans < PROPMALE > passed away .. doing what he loved . < PROPFIRST > found him at Trino , s this morning ... he will be missed .. I love you < PROPMALE > .. R.I.P. 
< PROPMALE > Peterson , s memorial will be held at the Church of Latter Day Saints 2730 Hurley Way Sacramento at 1:00 PM on Saturday May 8th 2010 . A celebration of < PROPMALE > , s life will be at T2 ( formally Trino , s ) at 1443 Fulton Ave Sacramento around 3:00 PM , it is a potluck so bring a dish if you please , Come help us celebrate !!!! We love you < PROPMALE > ... 
Update ... T2 ( formally Trinos ) Del , s pot luck will be held at T2 at 5:30 on Friday the 7 th 1433 Fulton ave , Come share your memories ... the memorial will still be held on Saturday 1:00 at the LDS church 2730 Hurley way .. 
Happy mothers day .... I have to work all day , Don , t get off untill 7 , but I know I , m blessed to have a job , so I , ll be there with bells on .. oh happy days . love you all 
This is < PROPFIRST > hacking my mom while she's at work to tell her Happy Mothers Day , <3 . I still have no idea when she gets off of work anyway , o-O . 
hey everyone , my lady Ms svannah Miller is deploying , she , s airforce , she has two well behaved dogs and they need a good home stout and Marlow are awesome , does , nt have to be the same home , They are well loved can any body help her out , she , s based at < PROPFIRST > now , You can go to my friends list and see photos of the dogs on her site ... 
Happy fathers too all .... please enjoy them .. I miss mine . 
spinach dip is made .. salami cream cheese roll ups .. check .. make up is on .. yes I , m wearing make up .. sons skinny jeans look awesome .. it , s off to the mapel room I go .. hi ho hi oh ... ready ladys ? 
happy 4 th everyone , i start work at 6 am this morning ... woo woo me . lol at least i get off early .. i love you all !! have a blessed and safe day .. < PROPFEMALE > ( mama ) 
Please leave me a message on here if anybody\ 
can give me a ride to Serenity's birthday party . I would appreciate it\ 
if someone could , I live near Trino's . I lost my phone so you cant \ 
call me so just leave me a message on here or on my wall . Also , Im getting a new phone in about 3-4 days so if you could leave your < PROPFIRST > on here Id appreciate it . Thankyou , Love\ 
you all ~ Mama . ~ Written by her son . 
its , an awesome be- you- tiful day , I LOVE ALL OF YOU !!!!! 
My son is 15 today , I , m very blessed with the most amazing , talented children , He , s playing his new guitar for me , and is damn good at it !!!! 
My son's a whore , he had sex with his dog !! 
I like vaginas 
did i say i was blessed ? mmm will he make it to 16 , now thats the ? 
My girl < PROPFEMALE > hagar , gets the reward for bringing back old memories , and giggles , . Do you remember giggling girls ? 
live , love and laugh , enjoy with all of your heart the people who are close to you , I have been blessed with the best , remember those who have gone home , and know they are always with us , I miss ya dad 
A night in with my son and gentleman , and he is a gentle man , smothered steak , you know one of mama , s .. meals . live music played by my awesome talented son < PROPFIRST > And I am blessed by the most incredible friends and family , Thank you all for being a part of my life , < PROPFEMALE > .. Mamaluvs you all . 
Lets\ 
see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friend \ 
list , as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not \ 
only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my \ 
friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your \ 
. status . I'll be watching to see who ...... really does < PROPFEMALE > family \ 
& friendship . Thank you for being a part of my life 
life is amazing , even when a song brings tears , i , m blessed with amazing friends and family , and an awesome support system , deep sigh .... new beginnings are only growth , even when letting go hurts , i , d rather hurt than feel nothing at all ... love ya 
i , m hooka .. ing too with 2 beautiful ladys .. life is good !!!! 
had an awesome family weekend , was blessed to see my brother erics kids and my new niece < PROPFEMALE > , ahhh so cute plus the added bonus of meeting my stepsons son < PROPFIRST > jr soooo handsome . i am one blessed woman . isn , t life grand !!!! 
happy thanksgiving , i , m blessed to have you all in my life !!!!!! going to my sons in turlock yay me !!!! 
Cheese 
as wise as i think myself to be , when i turn around i still meet me . when i love with heart and soul , i touch the core of humanity , i.m here to live not just exist , passion , joy , truth , love , i , d rather hurt than feel nothing at all , , just having a moment , love you ~ mama 
hi ho hi ho its off to work i go ... wheres my umbrela ? 
ARE WE READY LADYS ? official LADYS SPIRIT NITE IN !!!! We got the sangria gently brewing , margaritas and food that would make any woman tremble with delight , prepare to giggle until we pee our pants , EAT , PRAY AND , LOVE . MMMM POWER sinplicity equals brilliance !! 
smoked gouda with gooey melted brie on garlic bread sensous life is good with the ladys 
what an amaziing nite with my girls , laughter and joy , that touched us deep in our souls , perfection , feeling .. really , the pure smiles of just being togethr as woman in allowing flow and abundance to surround us . damn life is good .. lve you all gnite 
goodnight 
its too early , mom !!! i don , t wanna get up ! just sayin , have a blessed day , share a smile , giggle at least once . love you all 
came home last nite , made awesome spaggeti !!! watched Eat , pray , love a very me movie awesome !, went to sleep at 11:30 , woke up at 1:30 , 2:30 , have been awake since 3:30 it , s gonna be a very long day coffee anyone !! bring me starbucks please !!!! love you all 
its 34 degrees , that means it , s hella cold ... don , t wanna leave my bed , sometimes .. but only sometimes , i wish i had one of those sweaty men to cuddle up with , they make awesome heaters ! just sayin , love you all have an awesome day ! 
me my awesome roomate < PROPFEMALE > , and 5 people from work r going to t2 tonite , they wanna hear us sing , mamas gonna do her thing , lets show them how karaokes done !!! 
happy holidays , and < PROPFEMALE > christmas !!! i love you all ! 
I so enjoy how simple drama free my life is , I , m blessed with amazing family and friends , and coworkers , I , m cooking up a little orange curry cranberry chicken stirfry , mmmm the house smells great and I , m so grateful to have my computer fixed , I love you all , lets have an awesome year !! 
hi !!! 
do you really want to know ? I enjoy all of you , and i love stopping with my self , but sometimes .... i really miss you guys your all < PROPFEMALE > awesome !!! and you know who you are ... tee < PROPFEMALE > all of ya ..... MAmaluvs .... alot !!! 
cuddled in bed with my man , watching The Libertine , w/ < PROPFIRST > Depp eating cheese omelets , hash browns , large glass of milk , Life is ..... buttered all the way to the edges !!! ladys nite in .. with my girls ... and ( drum roll ) Mic and < PROPFEMALE > dropped off my christmas decorations thaxs you guys , could life b more fab !!!! 
Today is Barbie , s birthday , We are going to T2 , s ( formally know as trino , s ) we will giggle laugh and be hella silly please join us . leave all drama at home , we don , t have time for it , Bobbys coming in from the bay . It , s Ladys nite out I love you sis !!!!! 
thankyou to all , i havn , t made plans ... because me and my girls signed the lease on a house sooo ( drumroll ) , I , m getting my stuff out of storage for the first time in 2 1/2 years what a birthday presest !!! I need a dryer , and a double bed frame w/ headboard !!! i want off the floor , sleigh bed wuld be nice , hey I can dream , I love you all ! 
I said in my status I needed a double bed , nope i need a < PROPFEMALE > bed frame i love my mattress just need frame and headboard , hell a bedroom set would be awesome and the dryer , six kids 3 woman 1 house a must ! MAMA , s soooo EXCITE 
still moving , tonite is our first nite in the new house YAy !!! 
warning !!! i , m a legal licence , s driver again , isn , t life amazing !!!!! YAY ME !!!! 
