enough to let you go so I'm already gone ..... 

It doesnt matter where we take this road someones gotta go ! 
\CLOSER\ " nine inch nails NOW YOU KNOW ! " 
35 GOING ON 17 
Hope my Canadian Girl gets Better soon ! 
I can tell by the look in your eyes ! \504 boys & Mercedes \"" 
Gotta luv Tuesday morning snow runs ! 
BLAH ! 
Thinking \CLOSER\ " right about now ! " 
last night uh huh ! 
Be mindful of what you say and do , you may hurt your loved ones and not even know it , leaving scares that cannot be healed , spending the rest of your life with an emptiness , that you can never fix . Only over time , do you realize what has happened , and you know saying your sorry , will never heal the wounds you have inflicked . 
Sometimes you live your life thinking , things happen for a reason and they are better the way they have come to pass , untill someone points out something you never thought of , and it makes you wonder all over again . Never give up on your dreams , you never know when the stars wont be out tonight . 
Live each day the best you can . Be happy with what you have , and if you are so moved to cry for whar you are missing or wanting , but most of all do what you want to do , have regrets , because you never know what tomorrow will bring . :) 
They say that history repeats its self , so cant that be a good thing as well ? 
I need one of those \EASY\ " buttons from staples ! " 
Looks like nap time to me . 
If tomorrow never comes , how many regrets will you have ? 
My mind is on vacation , away from all the friggen snow ! 
Wondering if we will ever see the sun again ? 
The things that you want arent always yours to be had , it matters not if it makes you sad . It can be such a waste of time so why bother to < PROPMALE > , when you know in the end all you'll have left is a tear sliding down your face . But that's the way life goes its part of the game , but yet we still try knowing it will end the same . Just wanting to stop the voices and screams , and hoping to god not to wake from my dreams . 
Can a leopard change its spots , or is it doomed by fate ? 
Having goldfish syndrome today . 
There may not be stars in te sky tonight , but even with all the clouds I can still see the moonlight . 
Oh joy , I just love all this friggen snow ! 
\CLOSER\ " you know ! " 
How long can you live a dream ? 
WTF ? 
Thank you , words cant do justice for today , you saved me and you know it :) 
Jump , Then Fall ,,, 
Its hard to know where you are going unless you can remember where you've been . 
Ahhhhhh , what a wonderful day , over and over , and over , now time for some rest ! :) 
Sadness then what ? 
Standing on the tracks , waiting on the train . 
I like that boom boom boom ! 
Great mood all day ,,,, go figgure ! 
It's Clomplicated is just a nice way of saying It's Fuckered up ! 
RETRO \MASS MURDER MAKES ME HAPPY\ " have a good day ninjas " 
Click Click Bang ! 
I'm not crazy , Its the rest of the world that's fuckered up ! 
\WICKED GAMES \"" 
off to another sleepless night , fun 
Spring Cleaning , Cleaning out my head this week , finding all sorts of junk I dont need , some stuff I want to hold on to , and makeing room things yet to come . 
Yup everythings friggen wonderful ! 
Why can't we all goto Wonderland ? 
SCORE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol 
UGH ! 
Hmmmmmmm Thinking .......... 
How many of us really know all of the people on our friends list ? I mean personally know ? Here's a task for you . I want all of the people on my list to post how you met me . After you have completed this , repost this in your status box . You will be amazed , at how interesting this can really be !!!! I am very Honored to have met you and became your friend . 
Lithium Suckzes ! 
Nice day , need more like this one ! 
PUTS BOTH MIDDLE FINGERS UP , and all I can say right now is , \I JUST DONT GIVE A FUCK . \"" 
GO AHEAD PULL THAT TRIGGER , BUT YOU BEST NOT MISS 
HEY THERE KILLER HOW YA BEEN , YOUR ANGER IS SHOWING AS YOU START TO GRIN ! 
Hmmmmmm , Thinking Again ! Ouch It Hurts ! 
SOMETIMES YOU FEEL LIKE A NUT , SOMETIMES YOU ARE ! 
Life is too short to wake up with regrets . So love the people who treat you right . Pray for the one's who don't . Believe everything happens for a reason . If you get a second < PROPMALE > , grab it with both hands . If it changes your life , let it . Nobody said life would be easy , but God promised it would be worth it .... Post on your wall if you agree ! 
Is haveing a very fucking bad day ! nuff said 
don't , i need help 
\I believe that everything happens for a reason 
Hmmmmm Interesting .... 
Been an interesting last month , met the most amazing woman in < PROPFEMALE > . She's been really great to me , and for me . We've had alot of fun , and excited to see what the future will bring for us . Yep life is good ! 
It's been a long ass monday , blah ! 
Woke this morning thinking today is gonna be a better day , then the world slapped me in the face letting me know that , no it isn't :( 
Waiting for the day to get better , but its not . Went from sad , to sad and crying . But I think the crying is more due to the fact that I just sat on my left nut when sitting back down at my workbench , Ah what a great day , so glad its friday . 
Why is it when people say they are in rare form , they are talking about how they are are acting ? I think that if you were hit by a bus , and your spine was twisted around backwards and one of your arms was sticking threw your head THEN you infact would be in rare form ! 
Laugh now , cry later , Fuck the World , whew glad I got that out ! HATE ME NOW ! haha ! 
Blah :( 
Do you really know me ???? what's my full name ? age ? birthday ? nickname ? favourite colour ? bestfriend ? and eye colour ?. when you've answered me put this as your status and see who reallyknows you ... 
What a wonderful Monday morning , the flowers are chirping , and the birds are blooming , what more do you need . Ahhh life is good ! 
VODKA + ORANGE JUICE = THE WALLS ARE CLOSER THEN THEY APPEAR ! 
Happy Happy Happy ! lol 
t's\ 
hard to believe < PROPFEMALE > and I have only been together for 4 months now . \ 
It feels like much longer in a great way ! Sharing a lifetime of love , \ 
finally finding happiness ! 
Another Great WTF ? Day ! And the beat goes on ,,,, 
Lets Go Browns ! Hello 2010 season !!!!!! 
What a wonderful morning , got my tooth paste and preparation H mixed up , so now my lips are all puckered up , and my butt crack is minty fresh ! 
Ahhh , what a wonderful Monday morning , the shy is chirping , and the birds are all blue , so good to be back at work ! 
4 
Who has a bucket list ? and what do you have left on it ? 
3-2-1 , yeah 
sad day , poor little Hercules lost his battle ( and I do mean battle ) for life last night at 10:10 , he will be sadly missed , but I think he's in little dogie heaven now and his suffering has at least ended ,,, RIP little < PROPMALE > 
< PROPFEMALE > wanna say what ? why didnt you just tell me ? 
So , if its all my fault , what are you talking about ? cause I have o idea .... 
