38 hours 5 minutes o ' sleep ;P cant touch this 

misses the old call of duty 4 MW 
Decided that Live Feed is stalkerish .... 
ginseng with < PROPFEMALE > ... Xtra sweet 
Spartans . What is your profession ?!?! 
8-7 win for Paxon , mandrin aint got nuthin on us 
Needs something to do !!!!! 
ready to play lacrosse 
Eminem 
gettin a lil TI before bed 
If ya partyin ' at 30 somethin years old , aint nobody gonna come back home wit chew to ya momma's house . And with no education thats where ya gonna be 
Wants to play lacrosse actually not in goal 
I bleed , sir , but not killed 
8 days and twenty five minutes 
leaving the field with someone elses blood on your shirt shoulda won , but we didnt 
Amateurs practice till they get it right , professionals practice till they dont get it wrong ! 
52 minutes 
just got back to Duval 
Anyone need anything from < PROPMALE>'s Sporting Goods ? 
Work time 
Im awesome 
Bein singles got its perks but it does get boring ... 
To find some quality friends , you have to < PROPMALE > through some dicks first 
wants to swim laps .... 
grin and bare it 
is pondering life's mysteries 
sports banquet ... sounds like no fun 
Varsity lacrosse Rookie of the Year 
Alive 
I got a feelin ... 
Life sucks , then you die 
When i have a bad day , sometimes i take a pregnancy test just so i can say ... \at least im not pregnant \"" 
graduated and free 
Closing your ears won't shut truth's mouth 
2-1 how gay 
Need something to do ! Help me !!! 
Write me letters , all mail takes 7-10 days so save ur $ and embrace the snail mail !!! SR Carlson , Pierce MI/Ship 9 Div 302/Recruit Training Command/3415 Sailor Drive/Great Lakes , IL 60088-3515 
' s phone is on and capable of receiving texts and voice mails . ( PC has been hospitalized since Monday with Pneumonia and Pink Eye - your sentiments will mean more than ever ) . -SC 
Free from bootcamp let me know what's going on ! 
Kickin at A-school 
First actual day on facebook ( New computer ) . long time no talk to whats been goin on ?? 
need a tan ... 
Just passed final exam for A school 
