spent all day working on a project for her easiest class , hands down , and yet did not finish , it was just that boring . Thank god for hulu and many , many breaks ! 

I would say i don't want to plod through the inevitable blizzard tomorrow and deal with school , but the truth is that I am out of books ..... 
is hysterically laughing at her sister :p 
I HATE BEING SICK !!! 
I'm counting the minutes until this awful week ends ... just a thousand or so to go ! 
is listening to All-American Rejects and reading SHIVER : the one book in the Barnes and < PROPMALE > teen section not involving vampires . Hallelujah ! 
lmao ! my parents just made fun of mr. walker ! 
is already suffering from holiday overload . 
snow ..... please snow .... please snow ... this is new york , come on ..... please snow .... 
it snowed ! (a little . it was more like sleet , but still ! ) 
im dancing with myself , dancing with myself , well theres nothing to lose , and theres nothing to prove , and i'm dancing with myself ..... ( why is < PROPFIRST > idol randomly stuck in my head ! ) 
this isn't going to make sense to anyone else , but .... HAZELWOOD !!!!!!!!!!! excuse me while i rattle some chains .... 
THE COURIER IS FINALLY FINISHED !!! we'll be publishing soon ! 
The webster < PROPFIRST > thoughtpolice are trying to recruit me ! ( see ? i totally am reading 1984 ! ) 
every time i try to explain what happened to me today it sounds dirty . 
tomorrow is the beginning of a busy week ... maybe if i don't think about it will go away ... 
snow plows are ruining my life . if i get frostbite and/or hypothermia waiting for my bus in 20 degree weather and die , feel free to < PROPFEMALE > on my behalf 
everything is changing and yet stays the same 
swallowed in the sea ... 
my christmas pajamas are HUGE 
i don't want a lot for christmas , theres just one thing i need , i don't care about the presents , underneath the christmas tree .... < PROPFEMALE > christmas everybody ! 
I WON AN AWESOME FURRY HAT AND SIMPSON'S BOXERS FOR CHINESE CHRISTMAS !!! 
I FOUND ORIGINAL 60'S BEATLES PINS !!! THEY HAVE < PROPFIRST > LENNON'S FACE ON THEM AND THEY ARE FREAKING AWESOME !!! i totally live in the past ..... 
hanging out with becca tonight , eating awful cookies i made .... 
Celebrating 2011 by seeing Tron with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck and refusing to take off my 3D glasses . Ever . 
I am the clumsiest person alive ! do not challenge me on this , i can back it up ! 
i envy sleeping beauty right now ... being vulnerable to a spindle is kind of lame , but sleeping for 100+ years doesn't seem all that bad right now .... i'm just that tired . do you think colleges would accept my transcripts and letters of recommendation 100 years after they were made ? 
Worst . Day . Ever . 
my mom read my keuka admissions essay and started crying ..... : 0 
20 years from now I'm going to look back on my life and wonder how the hell people thought i was smart with all the weird , stupid , insane things I said and did 
before i graduate , i need to yell at all the annoying middle-schoolers who ride the late bus . ex . ) \SO YOU'RE THE REASON OUR GENERATION IS DOOMED !!!!! \"" 
i love how people try to use big words and then spell them COMPLETELY wrong !!!! 
why do I always feel more lost after I've passed through all the challenges ? 
i just got into a fight with my sibs over the plot of \Alvin and the Chipmunks : the Squeakwel\ " as we ate huge lopsided pancakes i made and my little brother sang excerpts from \ " Single Ladies . \ " LOL or FML ? haha ! " 
is kind of tired but still waiting for something else AWESOME to happen !!!! 
We only got 86,400 seconds in a day to turn it all around or to throw it all away , we gotta tell them that we love them while we gotta < PROPMALE > to say , gotta live like we're dying . -THE SCRIPT 
it takes PRODIGIOUS skill to burn bacon in a microwave while following the direction exactly .... ; b 
Before anyone asks , yes , i did cry during the Lovely Bones . It was just that good . and then I got into a massive fight with < PROPFEMALE > on the way home over who got to post it on Facebook first ! 
the word \fine\ " seems really descriptive today ... " 
I flipped out when i got home today because there was a big envelope from one of the schools I've applied to in my mailbox . but it was just this booklet thing about why Keuka is cool ( which I already have 3 of ) ........ lol 
One of my wishes for 2010 is that people will understand that people with disabilities do not have a disease ; people with disabilities are not looking for a cure but ACCEPTANCE ........ 93% of people won't copy and paste this , WILL YOU be one of the 7% that does and make this your status for at least a hour 
Seriously .... What type of person takes a CRIMINAL JUSTICE CLASS and then STEALS HANDCUFF KEYS from a retired STATE TROOPER !!?? 
my obsessive problem with books has a name ! it's called BIBLIOPHILIA and/or BIBLIOMANIA !!!! I'M A BIBLIOMANIAC !!!! this makes me so happy .... 
today was just a bad day and i'm really looking forward to the Chem midterm tomorrow ! if only i could focus on my notes ......... :( 
I am NOT a Malibu < PROPFEMALE > !!!!! just had a really weird awesome conversation with < PROPFEMALE > , aka the Korean < PROPFEMALE > ........................ 
Went out for breakfast with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > and then bought THREE NEW BOOKS AT BARNES AND < PROPMALE > !!!!!! 
today was boring and irritating , but at the end of the day , I DON'T HAVE TO SHOW UP AT < PROPFIRST > TOMORROW !!!!! 
all those people who claim that how you think about your life affect your happiness are lying . always thinking the glass is half full doesn't keep the bad things from happening . 
peanut butter and jelly sandwiches have become my life :P 
blah ...... :p 
My little sister , < PROPFEMALE > , just announced to the dinner table that she's changing her name to < PROPFIRST > Swift . Which pretty much sums up my family . 
< PROPMALE > ramsey seriously scares me .... 
I finally have a song I actually like stuck in my head and it somehow makes all these weird days near perfect . 
i just tried to straighten my hair , and now i can't go outside because my neighbors will either think i'm a lion or that i've been electrocuted . YAY SUPERBOWL !!! 
I have no coordination ! i fell * 3 * times today in one class alone , and i almost dropped a tub of butter on < PROPFIRST>'s head ! 
is it wrong that now whenever i walk past mr. < PROPMALE > i have this insane urge to pull out my phone and start texting , cackling madly as i do so ? :D 
i love flashlights . :) 
pancakes ? < PROPFEMALE > ? hanging out with friends and making plunge uniforms ? extra sleep ? saving 3 lives ? THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER !!!! 
i'm so excited/scared for the POLAR PLUNGE TOMORROW ! 
jumped into Lake Ontario today for the POLAR PLUNGE with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFEMALE > , and Becca-never before have I appreciated coffee , socks , and car heaters as much as I did today .... :) 
perfect first day of break : i did ABSOLUTELY nothing . 
hanging out with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFEMALE > :) 
I GOT ACCEPTED AT HOFSTRA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
awesome day ! i went to a scholarship awards ceremony at Keuka ($!) , < PROPMALE > out with my mom , bought a new hat , and now i'm going to go be crazy with < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Nothing is wrong with me , I just choose to do more valuable things with my time than watching movies that i already know the ending to . 
i don't react well to things changing but also when they don't change at all 
Today basically revolved around playing with legos and little kids . I also got backboarded . fun , interesting day . 
Wow , those 4th grade snow day superstitions actually work ! 
Note to self : when the power goes out at 11:00 at night , DON'T BE STUPID WITH CANDLES !!!! 
i only talk to you to be polite , why are you acting like we're friends !!!??? 
is unsuccessfully trying to write a poem for creative writing ( about being a non-human object ?!? ) while trying to think of how she can explain to < PROPFEMALE > that 2 weeks is not equal to 2 days . also , my senior project starts tomorrow . joy . 
i was going to write about how awful my day was , but as I started i remembered a quote from my favorite book that fit with the situation ... and somehow me being a dork made me feel better ! ( however , based on afterschool today , i may get straight A's and still not graduate ) . 
well if you wanted me to stay awake , maybe you should have made the class more interesting . 
10 and a half hours of sleep ! WOOT !!!! 
it feels like a wednesday to me . :P 
Someone save me from INCREDIBLY STUPID PEOPLE !!!!!!! 
Ahem ... if anybody feels like helping me graduate tomorrow after school , i'll be in room 61 with cookies , running a writing group . if you need help with writing an essay or something , or like just like writing creatively , this is for you . P.S. I can't cook , but i make REALLY GOOD cookies . 
at < PROPFEMALE > and dad's house ... every time i come here i realize i really haven't changed that much since i was little ... 10 years after my parents split , i still have a hidden < PROPFEMALE > to make a million dollars so i can afford to hook my dad up with a cleaning service . 
the rain is making me happy :) 
my adorable little cousin has yet to grow into his head . 
you know what ? i think i'll just teleport instead . 
if today hadn't been so awesomely , wonderfuly goregous , i would wish i lived in austraila . 
green < PROPFEMALE > is awesome 
Just got my final acceptance letter to BROCKPORT !!!!!! 
There must be something about Home Depot that just makes < PROPFEMALE > and I act crazy ... 
i worked in the greenhouse all day and i'm really tired , but i'm randomly happy too . 
You know that slightly crazy woman you run into at < PROPFEMALE>'s who randomly gives you gift certificates for free fries and tells you 5 different ways to get to the same place when you ask for directions ? Yeah , that's my mom :) 
< PROPFEMALE > looks like freaking Pebbles from the Flintstones . HILARIOUS !!!! 
when i woke up this morning , i found a spoon in my pillowcase from when everybody was praying for a snow day a few weeks ago . and then today i was weirdly giddy .... coincidence ? i think not ! 
is stealing awful breakfast pizza tomorrow . 
why the hell does GYM CLASS have to be so scary/life-threatening ? 
To everyone who has ever commented on my klutzy accident-proneness : turns out , it's genetic . My dad has a cut on his forehead because he walked into the bathroom door the other day . 
slowly . going . crazy . 
did not kill anyone today during driver's < PROPMALE > , accidentally OR on purpose . 
MIGHT secretly be a spy . maybe . you never know . 
is not a party girl and only dances crazy for awesome people 
< PROPMALE > out at the farm today with the best slightly-dysfunctional family in the world ! < PROPFEMALE > rode my pony and I < PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > , which was cool ! 
Shock ! Driver's < PROPMALE > wasn't that bad today ( even though i can't scan and i'm the only person in the car who understands directions ... ) ! And , even better , the body count still = 0 
is going to have nightmares about Zombies tonight 8 ( 
what ? no swimming in gym today ? oh well , guess I'll go stand outside in the rain instead . 
maybe just got a job ? 
is tired and dirty and has classic rock stuck in her head (: D ) ... the joys of working in a greenhouse . 
i had such a good day that i might have to stop writing emo poems for creative writing ..... ( also : I . Have . A JOB !!!!! ) :D 
suffered minor injuries while playing WATER POLO . No , I'm not joking . Yes , it was worth it . 
Break needs to hurry up , so I can avoid the type of day I just had ! ( last day of internship tomorrow . I can't believe I'm saying this , but I think I'm going to miss the kids , even the one who says he hates me ... well actually , never mind , i can live without him ... ) 
Kicking off Spring Break by babysitting the little monsters with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck . Then , tomorrow I visit Brockport ( again ) . 
Went to Brockport ( again ) and acted like a spaz with my mom . And then I bought a Brockport t-shirt , which for me is like a sign of commitment that says THIS IS WHERE I AM GOING TO SCHOOL !!!!! I FINALLY MADE A DECISION !!!! 
watching crime shows with my vampire sister < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck 
um , my phone is broken . if you have texted me at any time today after noon , it has not come through ... sorry . 
Ok , who wrote \I LOVE MADDY\ " all over my driveway ? " 
I'm at my dad's house .... which i think has cockroaches ... great , the kind of bugs you can't kill !!!! 
there is something really weird about canned Apple Juicy Juice .... I stayed up until 1 am last night , laughing about random stuff ( like Pokemon names ? ) with < PROPFEMALE > , and then had a strange dream involving flying and a Wegmans parking lot .... ( and now it's < PROPFEMALE>'s fifth birthday ) . 
It's the last day of break , and didn't really do any of the work I was supposed to .... I'm going to regret that decision ..... 
I hate mondays . ( Driver's < PROPMALE > body count = 0.5 . I scared my instructor half to death trying to parallel park for the first time . But everything else was PERFECT !!!! ) 
is taking a break from her Eportfolio .... I can't wait for Disney !!! I need to get away from every possible reminder of my senior project immediately !!! ( p.s. my phone is officially messed up . ) 
tonight is going to be a long night , and tomorrow is going to be a long day . I have to finish my reflections essay , then submit my portfolio .... 
first day of work today !! 
a kid threw up in the bounce house and I got bitched out by this one woman at a party , but you know what ? it wasn't that bad . 
is extremely dependent on caffeine this morning .... second day of work later . 
today was so bad that the high point was gym , for the first time ever in my life . wow . ( my driver's < PROPMALE > body count is honorarily back down to zero , because i'm not stupid and i actually know where i'm going ) . 
i now know for certain that i'm never going to be a cop , and i'm never going to be a crime scene investigator . and also that i don't like manniquins . 
So , according to < PROPFEMALE > Miller I am pregnant with the spawn of Satan who is also Jesus Christ's evil twin . Oh , and she's the godmother ! lol\ 
also , I aced my CPR part of the NOCTI , and my great-grandma is on facebook . this is the weirdest day ever ! 
if i hear that song on < PROPMALE>'s mix ONE MORE TIME , i am not liable for my actions . 
thinks there should be a group for < PROPMALE>'s bus 
last minute shopping with mom and < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck for FLorida clothes . Later , I'm going to < PROPFEMALE>'s to wait out the final hours before we leave tomorrow !!!! 
I'M BAAAAACK ! I'm sunburned , tired of drama , and clumsy as ever , but Florida was so much fun ! I can't wait to tell all the stories .... 
i REFUSE to move to Texas or to ever spend more than five minutes there ! It's way too big and dry and hot and plus they eat rattlesnakes ! Palies hate Texas !! 
i guess i have good intuition , which in my book is like a super awesome secret power !!!! 
my phone has officially been replaced ! The number is still 797-8622 , so text me so I can get everybody's number again . 
is a geek . :) 
I love that when I am stressing over senior project and I need someone to talk me off my drama < PROPFEMALE > ledge , I call someone who plays with matches and once ranted about how genes must have gladiator fights on top of kidneys . ( just kidding , i love you . ) 
is contemplating possible criminal behavior while preparing for her senior project speech . 
is writing her entire creative writing final on random stuff that somehow changed her childhood . :p \ 
( where can i like speaking in the third person ? ) 
trying to finish my creative writing final while ignoring the crime show my parents are watching . that's quite a big deal for me . 
I celebrated senior skip day by going to the Lilac festival with < PROPFEMALE > Tedesco and < PROPFEMALE > Marchand , and then eating an unbelievable amount of fried stuff . I don't think I've ever been so full , which is saying something . 
is being a rebel tonight and going to see IRON MAN 2 and eat dinner and ice cream with < PROPFEMALE > Miller and < PROPFEMALE > Piekunka ( when she finishes her homework ) instead of going to Ball ! \ 
ps < PROPFEMALE > is awesome and looks \risque \"-< PROPFEMALE > and her mom . " 
i'm sorry that i'm difficult when i'm tired . :p 
i think i've found what i want to do with my life :) 
I've officially lost all energy and ability to participate in high school . only 2-or so-weeks left !!! \ 
p.s. < PROPFEMALE > is now a robot . 
if anyone finds a crumpled-up piece of notebook paper covered with notes on an interview with Mr. < PROPMALE > in my handwriting , GIVE IT ! I can't seem to write this god damn article on him without it ! 
it was a pretty good day with a kind of lousy finish . but hey , i have coffee and books and my ipod is charging , so it's turning out good anyways ! 
i want chinese :p 
< PROPMALE > out at the lake all day , swimming and kayaking and talking and eating . Then it started to rain and we got to call 911 about an electrical fire .... 
since this is the third computer this week that is not working for me I figure I have a legitimate reason to not finish my economics homework ! 
the first thing I did when I got home yesterday was put on my grad dress , my gown , and my cap , and then just chilled around my house because IT'S FINALLY OVER !!!!! 
i cut off most of my hair , graduated from EMCC , had an ... interesting ... conversation with my friends , and got into an awesome , fantastic , really exciting program at Brockport ! yeah , its been a good 2 days . 
i worked all morning and afternoon , and then came home and watched the criminal justice video ..... oh my god , so funny ! 
today was a weird , slightly bipolar day ... i am almost completely sure the bird is out of the house though , so i will survive :P 
do i scare people when i ride rollercoasters ? :) 
can somebody talk to < PROPFEMALE > and explain that i am too nice to get sick before graduation ? please ? 
so , i'm supposed to be cleaning but instead i'm waiting for < PROPFEMALE > Miller to get out of work so we can go attack the plaza ..... 
I understood dirty humor by myself for once !!!!!!!! 
my little brother and sister admitted today that they will miss me when i go to college . 
technology drives me crazy 
I'm still in denial about graduation , and the ceremony is today . I'm probably going to undergo some type of realization as I'm walking in .... anyway , CONGRATULATIONS CLASS OF 2010 !!!! 
this is my first day as a high school grad ; i should do something earth-shaking . or , you know , i could watch movies and help find < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck a bathing suit ... it's a toss up . 
i need books and yet more caffeine ... 
trying to find a second job so I don't starve in college ..... hopefully i won't get scammed !!! :D 
zombies 
working today at three ... until then though , i am internally raging against whoever messed up my financial aid packet for the second time ... cheers ! :) 
my latest ambition : to be a rare , nice wealthy person . but only to people who deserve it !!!!!!! 
happy fourth everyone !!! im hanging out with my brother , watching < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland . 
today i'm going grad present shopping with < PROPFEMALE > Marchand and < PROPFEMALE > Tedesco , and then we're driving to South Bristol and swimming at < PROPMALE > Point !!!! 
hanging out in south bristol until tomorrow night , keeping an eye out for ' lake sharks ' . thanks , < PROPFEMALE > Tedesco 
< PROPFEMALE > Schoeck : \I AM NOT AN ARTIC ELF !!!!! \"" 
just found my 11th grade homemade yearbook , where i wrote all of these quotes from CJ and stuff on the back .... like < PROPFEMALE > telling < PROPFIRST > he was \gayer than a U-turn\ " and how < PROPFEMALE>'s favorite word was \ " dilema\ " ..... that and the rain made my day !!!! " 
i love my friends :) 
has a second job ( technincally ) :) 
In the future , I'm probably going to have long arguments about whether running around in a field , playing on a playground , and trying to seduce swans were actual events or just the fantastic results of sleep deprivation . 
freshman orientation tomorrow !!! 
just got back from Freshman Orientation , and I think even after one day , I'm already one of the strangest people on campus , which is fine by me . 
dorm shopping today with mom and < PROPFEMALE > 
i love that the fireworks were so awesome and loud last night that after a certain point you didn't even notice the stupid car alarm :) < PROPFEMALE>'s grad party today !!! 
i'm so getting a dog and naming it Plato . 
trying out my new laptop !!! 
i need to videotape < PROPFEMALE > and make a documentary , because otherwise i feel like noone can ever understand how strangely hilarious she really is . 
Going to Grassroots with Dad , who is finally buying goats ? 
Grassroots was AMAZING !!!! I'm going next year and every other year in the forseeable future . I have decided . 
the storm has passed ... nobody was hurt and there's some damage , but its beautiful today . 
i'm home from dad's ... a little disappointed that i didn't get to spend time with my sisters today , but there is a strong possibility of coffee later , so everything's good . :) 
i have a good feeling . about what ? i have no idea . :) 
my father has begun learning to use skype . there are no good possible outcomes to this situation . 
I have an on-campus job lined up , new books , and it's beautiful out today . :) 
sucessfully cooked something 
Skyping with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck makes me realize that I only got a sister so I could have someone who understood my sense of humor and could make use of my uncanny directional skills . 
i'm angry at Brockport . again . 
just went for a really long bike ride , and realized on the way that I have 23 days before I leave for college . 
suddenly i'm scared . 
it's only since the kids i babysit have started repeating what i say that i've realized how often i use the words \true\ " and \ " awesome \"." 
frustrated , but hey , I finally found out where my dorm is and who my roommate is !!! 
i am damn proud of the card i just made . 
going to beccas party soon , but until then i'm just hanging around . 
I just had the scariest , strangest dream ever . It was about my roommate . 
more weird dreams :p 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Maioli today !! I have no idea what we're going to do , but it shall be fun . 
hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > today because she is leaving me soon , but until then I'm babysitting the monsters , who just had a physical fight on the stairs . 
I ran over my own foot with a stroller this morning . :p 
So , it looks as if my roommate and I are going to get along , since it is turning out that we have a lot of stuff in common .... 
i really can't wait . 
This is probably going to sound strange to all of you Webster people , but I am going to go walk down the hill and pick some zucchini right now . 
Out of all the places I want to go and have been , I don't think anywhere can or will ever equal Canandaigua Lake . :) 
went to the lake , and then my cousin's wedding today with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck , where we were shamed by 50+ year-olds on the dance floor ..... 
just watched Aladdin with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck and TJ . 
I have Disney songs stuck in my head and it's all < PROPFEMALE>'s fault ! 
Strangely , I'm actually enjoying packing for college !!!! 
and our dreams will break the boundaries of our fears 
So apparently I need to get a hearing aid ? Hanging out at < PROPFEMALE>'s later ..... 
ran around in the rain with < PROPFEMALE > :p 
shopped with < PROPFEMALE > today , then drove to Dad's in a frighteningly messed-up car . Party tomorrow !! 
camped out last night and then went to the Grainery for breakfast :) 
I HAVE A PHONE AGAIN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the number is still 797-8622 , so please text me with < PROPFIRST > ! 
IT'S THE LAST DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Move-in Day at Brockport .... I'm so excited !!! 
hanging out in my dorm ... because i have one ! 
< PROPFEMALE > stuff . Global Village stuff . Overall , College stuff . :) 
is it possible to feel like something isn't working entirely but to also not want to go home ? 
i used my meal card for the first time today !!! GLOWFEST AND MIDNIGHT MOVIES LATER !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
went and saw the Expendables last night with my roommate ; it was so bad that I couldn't stop laughing !!! Classes start tomorrow , and i'm really excited !! 
FIRST DAY OF CLASSES !!!! 
hanging out in the library 
I'M HOME !!!! I just got back from lunch , and I should really work on my article , but I think I\m going to go call a friend . " 
wants ratatouille . and also her laptop . 
I HAVE A MOVIE REVIEW AND A BYLINE IN THE STYLUS !!!! 
Teacher : \NO PAPER CLIPS !!! \ " * throws my essay on the ground . *\ 
I've basically spent the entire weekend thus far feeling lucky that I am where I am :) 
construction makes lovely sounds at 7 am 
Yoga-Pilates ? 
I think the highlight of my day was when I dropped my pen on the desk-accidentally- and < PROPMALE > Allentopf told me I was \so brilliant . \ " I love < PROPFEMALE >." 
I made zucchini cake with emily ... it tasted strange .... 
I DO NOT LAUGH LIKE < PROPFEMALE > CLAUS . EVER . ( geez , < PROPFEMALE > Contestable ) . 
My day ended up consisting of only 20 minutes of classes-we took a quiz in my first one and the professor let us leave when we were done . then , aps was canceled ! I've got work later , but that's okay :) 
So , seeing the Last Exorcist was probably not the best idea for me , but hey , it only cost a dollar ! Walking to Wegmans today for much-needed food ! 
I made bad zucchini bread and went midnight bowling last night . Dressed as a pirate . 
I'm making coffee . It's the only way I'm going to survive this . 
today is pretty much the best day ever . collegewise . 
Tomorrow , we enter the period that I hated SO much when I was little : the month where < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck and I appear to only be a year apart . 
crazy busy . blah . 
i think i want to be a failed writer . journalism is too much work sometimes . :p ( just kidding . not about the work part , though . ) 
going to the goodwill with < PROPFEMALE > Tedesco today ... I really need clothes ... 
GRAPEFEST TODAY !!!! and then sleeping and homework ..... 
I'm hanging out in my dorm in my furry hat . Doing homework . Yay . 
I fell several times today , and also dropped a waffle , but then I TOTALLY OWNED A SOCIETY & CULTURE TEST so it was all worth it . :) 
just got ISHMAEL BEAH'S autograph ... but he was really tired , so I feel kind of bad ... 
Take a bite of my heart tonight 
is rooming with a criminal !!!! 
I zoned out for a minute in class and convinced myself that there was a cat face in the poster .... and when I awoke into reality , the creepy guy was staring at me . smiling . creepily . 
I really wish I wasn't Diabetic ... but hey , in 22 days I can sign up for the Donate Life program !! So I'm ok :) 
ok , NOW i understand ... that I like it under my chair 
Orange Crush , $2 . Small bag of < PROPFEMALE > Corn , $2 . Offering to act as a hypothetical hit woman , equal to whatever a gun , bullets , and a temporary suspension of humanity costs . Forgiveness .... pricless . 
Classes are over for the day ! I've got work later , and then I'm headed back to Webster ! 
so I'm pretty sure right now about what I DON'T want to do with my life . :p 
I'm clumsier than usual today ... 
keeps having really strange dreams .... 
So , tonight I have to write a play , study Japanese , learn some new characters , drink coffee , and try not to get distracted ....... \ 
WAIT , WE ARE INTERROGATING EMILY'S BOYFRIEND IN THE HALL ??? THAT'S WAY MORE IMPORTANT ! 
So I may have failed my Japanese midterm , but at least I'm lucky enough to have some people who have weird conversations with me and make me feel better about it ... :) 
hangin w/ < PROPFEMALE > who is the bestest !!!! 
It's a good day , but I wish I was better at talking to tattoo artists ... :p 
So , I'm at home , it's cold outside , I've discovered that watching suspenseful movies with my mom sucks , and I really have nothing to do . Will I take this opportunity to start the 5-page essay I have due Thursday ? \ 
Nope ! :p 
Starting my essay . I mean it this time . 
Interesting times in Brockport dining halls :p 
If anyone hears me randomly laughing , its okay . I'm just tired . :) 
I think I had a dream about walking and sleeping last night .... 
Tonight , we eat bread and butcher < PROPMALE > . :) 
Last night , < PROPMALE > Horror touched my hair , and then < PROPMALE > lost his microwaveable popcorn virginity . :) 
Karaoke tonight ! 
I don't care what anyone says , I just made myself the best freaking Halloween costume ever ! 
Today is a fantastic day :) and if something happens and I have to go the ER , at least I can accept medical treatment now ! See , there's a plus side to EVERYTHING ! 
i'm so tempted to just go to Hazen complaining of a weird stomach ache tomorrow , conveniently missing my Newswriting class .... 
going out to dinner at a mystery location with my family ... including < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck !!! 
Midnight Movies . In costume . Yes . 
TODAY'S MY TIME-WARP BIRTHDAY !!!! tarot cards , mythos cafe , and then I have an appointment at Pink Armadillo Tattoo Parlor ... :) 
Last night was interesting .... :) 
god damn public laundry room :p 
I found a book called \Sucking Witchcraft\ " in the library today . It seems symbolic . " 
Today , < PROPMALE > called me precious and said I liked bagels . :) 
I'm really out of it today ... I almost hit < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Farrell in the head with a hacky-sack , sent a very long text message to my grandparent's home phone , and then left them an equally long voicemail explaining that I now have a tattoo . Even better , I have a test next ! 
standing on the cold , wet sidewalk with one sock and no shoes , in your pajamas is not the best way to go about a fire drill at 3 a.m. Yelling at people who laugh at your one sock is . :) 
Making a toga out of a sheet is really fun ... :) 
I'd say it's been a good/interesting weekend :) 
Early < PROPFEMALE > Registration is the coolest thing ever to happen at 6 am . :) 
sick . had to happen sooner or later . :p 
it's a beautiful day . :p 
tI feel like I lost everything I own today . It got to the point where I actually suspected that people were taking my stuff to mess with me ( they weren't ) . But , good news , I GET TO SLEEP IN TOMORROW !!! 
I want to go to Vietnam now . Or Oxford . Or Vietnam . Or Oxford . 
Watching the Brockport Volleyball Tournament thingy . 
suffering under the delusion that it is totally fine to not start my homework for tomorrow until 9:30 pm . :) 
Some weird guy ate breakfast with me . It was strange . 
Strange things happen in the hallway , I guess . 
I really want to steal my roommate's afghan . It's incredibly tempting . 
Growing up means ... becoming everyone's therapist ? 
So , today in Japansese we had this discussion about whether you would use \ga arimasu\ " (used for nonliving things ) or \ " ga imasu\ " ( used for humans and animals ) when referring to zombies . \ 
Accidentally fell asleep in my dorm and missed the last Common Hour , thus not being able to view the banned video !!!!! \ 
< PROPMALE > Potter later though . :) 
Staking out < PROPMALE > Potter 7 . Eating my first trash plate . Learning how to pronounce Vietnamese names ( like drum sounds !!! ) . Partying with < PROPFEMALE > Contestable and Tung Nguyen ( and also < PROPFIRST > ) . Eating cold pizza . Trying to play pool . Swearing at < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > when they went easy on me . And then having my laptop start working again all by itself ..... \ 
I'd say this was a pretty good weekend :) 
If heaven and hell decide\ 
that they both are satisfied , \ 
and illuminate the \no's\ " on their vacancy signs 
My family totally forgot about me . They thought classes ended tomorrow . :p 
i swear , everyone changed something while i was gone , just to mess with me . \ 
( also , < PROPFEMALE > Miller is a wonderful shopping < PROPMALE > ) . 
There's nothing like your siblings jumping on you as you sleep to get you up to watch the holiday parade . :p Happy Thanksgiving everyone . 
Going to get a Christmas tree with my family . Yes , it is indeed only the day after Thanksgiving . :p 
Dear Facebook , \ 
I think I hate you . My font keeps doing weird things and I don't know why . So confused right now ... make it stop . 
Just tried to make coffee without putting anything but water into the machine ... why did those colleges accept me again ? 
I have now decided that the best days are the ones where you can find something beautiful in the ordinary :) 
The Good News : I am good at asking and giving directions in Japanese ! \ 
The Bad News : My partner ( obviously a guy ) had no idea what was going on . So I explained way more than I actually practiced . 
My draft research paper was completed AND submitted on time ! Which means that I am now going to eat cereal :) 
It's officially December . And it's snowing . Which means that WE ARE SO DECORATING ROOM 111 THIS WEEKEND !!!! 
I think work just killed music for me . 
trying to add on to the god damn play . 
getting ready to KILL , ANNIHILATE , and DESTROY (!!!) my < PROPFEMALE > presentation about Mesoamerican sacred caves this morning . Also trying to convince myself not to laugh when my group members talk about Moche funeral rites and whatnot ... 
I've got these habits that i cannot break , \ 
And as I'm older there is more at stake , \ 
Go ahead and call me fake , \ 
But these are the sins , the sins of my youth , \ 
I break habits just to fall in love , \ 
But I do it on designer drugs , \ 
You can call me dangerous , \ 
But these are the sins , the sins of my youth . :) 
went Christmas shopping with the roomie and < PROPFEMALE > Contestable .... then realized that I want to buy everyone a present . Literally everyone . 
just killed a centipede on my wall with a lot of support from < PROPFEMALE > ... 
Dear RA of mine , \ 
You know , music can cover up basically anything , if it's loud enough . 
trying to write about familiar things is hard , because there is way too much detail . 
You are so much sunshine to the square inch- Walt Whitman ( its on a magnet on our fridge ) . 
studying for the final test i forgot about would have been a good plan . :p 
melt your headaches , call it home . :) 
I'm preparing for exam week by doing essentially nothing ... :p 
i'm lying on my stomach on the floor , making christmas cards with RoseArt markers . I guess some things never ( ever ever ever ) change . 
I'm going to start studying Japanese now , as I've only been avoiding it all day . 
my boy builds coffins\ 
with hammers and nails\ 
he doesn't build ships \ 
he has no need for sails\ 
- < PROPFEMALE > + the machine 
trying to stay calm before my Japanese exam 
I just showed up for my japanese exam a 1/2 hour early . Somehow , this always happens :p 
drawing on everything :) 
I am now the proud owner of a < PROPFEMALE > cult ring . Be jealous . 
I could swear my house has grown new walls :p 
My youngest sister just asked me if I had FaceTime on my computer like my stepdad does . She said it was a website where you go on and see what everybody else is doing . \ 
Fair enough description . :p 
Today I rediscovered the only reason Webster is where life is worth living-my crazy , incredible friends . I guess I won't mind being home ... :P 
going out to be crazy with some lovely people for the non-lunar eclipse :) 
Babysitting after minor emergencies + 2 hours of sleep = the reason God created coffee <3 
I realize it's December , but I'd love to see a thunderstorm 
good times with < PROPFEMALE > Hanley tonight , in which I learned that Platform 9 3/4 is a real place :O 
The holidays with my family are the best . Today , my grandparents unofficially changed my name to that of a tv character and made inappropriate jokes about the card my sister gave them . I love it ! < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone ! 
\It seems that < PROPFEMALE > has taken a hand . \"- Casablanca with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck " 
babysitting < PROPFEMALE > today , and Chinese Christmas tomorrow ! 
When the day is boring , its nice to know that I have < PROPFEMALE > Marchand to listen to me complain and help support my caffeine habbit . :) 
I just won a < PROPMALE > the Martian figurine at Chinese Christmas . Also booze-flavored coffee . And because my roomie doesn't do facebook , I am now going to write her a cautionary email , because this shit is coming back to Brockport with me . :D 
\I exist as I am 
I just spent an entire day dancing strangely to classic rock and falling down stairs . Good times . :) 
New Years at the Farm !!!! ( feel free to make a redneck joke ) Happy Holidays everyone !!!! 
I think a fortune cookie just told me to stop being an ass and go live my life .... 
Snooki wrote a novel . Literature has officially died . 
I just learned how to train a dragon with < PROPFEMALE > Miller . And also that she and her sister think I'm weird . :p 
writing ( because if Snooki can , so can I !!!!!!! ) 
It has been a terrible day babysitting my siblings . Example : My brother just told me that he is going to run away because he \doesn't know who this family is anymore !!!! \"" 
having laptop issues .... 
making crazy plans :) 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck , \ 
Fine , I admit it . I'm afraid of knives . \ 
Love , \ 
your stubborn sister 
Yesterday , the dentist took one look at my x-rays and asked if I was clumsy . Apparently my bones show evidence of extensive childhood head trauma . \ 
Lucky guess . 
just watched a documentary with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck about how to become street thieves . moral of the movie : don't do this shit . You could be murdered . 
watching SVU with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck . I am way too fascinated with crime . 
Something has happened to my brain . I just realized that I'm due back at Brockport in a week , not two weeks ( YAY !! ) . And while I'm really excited , this means that I have to start packing ( no .... ) . 
I hate the hospital . 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Marchand and < PROPFEMALE > Tedesco last night for the last time before Spring Break .... now I'm beginning to pack and watching my stepdad experiment with pizza . 
BACK AT BROCKPORT !!! I've unpacked all my shit , put ( almost ) everything away , and got organized ( kind of ) . I washed my dishes . I was even nice to < PROPMALE > , though I don't understand how he was able to return for second semester .... \ 
If I'm lucky , this will all last about a week . :D 
ok , I'm really tired and damn cold , but if the past hour has been any indication , I am going to LOVE my new English class !!!! 
One day in a philosophy-based college course , and I'm already drinking black coffee and finding evidence to suggest that my life could be someone else's dream . This semester is going to be interesting . 
just found $10 mysteriously in my pocket :D \ 
but now I have to go to work :( 
It has been an awesome , strange night with my Delta/Mclean/Global Village friends . Yes , that was us you heard screaming with laughter , saw interpretive dancing/laughing in the lounge , and riding the elevator . You are totally invited next time . 
I just looked up the new astrology signs . I REFUSE TO ACCEPT THAT I AM A VIRGO !!!! 
Just finished serenading < PROPFEMALE > Miller through the phone for her birthday . I'm sorry if anyone else had to hear that . She wished for it , at least . \ 
Midnight Movie later !! 
Socialists have epic mustaches . 
I just made the most awesome fort with < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . And now we're going to eat junk food and watch < PROPFIRST > Hood : Men in Tights . Stop by to see the awesomeness . :D 
\Everyone has something they're good at 
Myth : Drama ends after high school . \ 
Truth : People just pretend to be more grown-up about it . \ 
Also , IT'S * swear word , swear word , swear word * COLD !!! ( I just remembered that I have family on here ... ) 
< PROPFEMALE > is immortalizing me and my room in her sketchbook . :D 
Today , I listened to a professor demonstrate how innapropriate the Old Testament is for children . I talked with < PROPFEMALE > Contestable about why suicide bombers would WANT 40 virgins . I found 8 new ways to insult people in < PROPMALE > . Then , I broke a washing machine . \ 
If today is any indication , the weekend is going to be pretty good . 
I am considering becoming a hermit . 
It's been a great night ... even though SOME people don't want to drive through a snowstorm so they can come home and go to their inaugural first college party , * cough , cough * < PROPFEMALE > ! * cough , cough * . Jeez .. :p 
It frustrates me to be having trouble with super basic Japanese when I can swear fluently in both English and German ... \ 
Super Bowl later ( no shit , it's been mentioned in everyone else's status today ) . I'll know who I'm supporting as soon as I figure out who the underdog is . 
my hair is getting medusa-like again . :p 
Dear Karma , \ 
You owe me . \ 
<3 Me 
interesting , fantastic , hilarious times with some of my favorite Global Villagers . 
< PROPMALE > Marulanda is making me smell his socks . 
my new name is < PROPFEMALE > Mayhem . :) 
So , the world is clearly in a terrible state . They just had to oust a dictator in Egypt , women have no rights in many parts of the world , and we are in the middle of an economic crisis . Plus , someone just stole my beat-up boots that had only sentimental value at a party . And I had to borrow these huge work boots from the guy who lived at the house . But the Polar Plunge is in 10 hours . I have hope . 
Just got back from the Polar Plunge !!! No cool bruises this year .... :p 
It's 1 am . I have class tomorrow . I probably should go to sleep . but I can't . I'm having an incredibly entertaining , rather honest conversation in room 106 . :D 
became a rival prostitute and then a doctor during one very interesting dinner ..... 
I'll keep my eyes fixed on the sun .... -Cage the Elephant , \Shake Me Down \"" 
dredging up memories for a human heritage freewrite to good music :) 
watching arguably the worst < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > movie ever ( which is saying something ) in a misguided attempt to ignore my homework . :) 
I made a friend . 
So this weekend was terrible , what with the freezing cold , traumatic driving conditions , and the losing of important objects .... but < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld's mom bought me a Happy Meal . I got a truck . Tomorrow's already got a great < PROPMALE > of being great . 
isolated in my room doing homework , while < PROPFEMALE > is off doing \RA Group Processing . \ " We agree that this could be a code for icebreaker-induced brainwashing . " 
Human Heritage has messed me up so much that I just constructed this tree-like diagram out of post-it notes and tape outlining my creative writing assignment . It's on the wall above my bed , and if it falls on me while I sleep it's going to scare me shitless . \ 
Someday , I shall look back on these days fondly . :p 
Conversations my family have about me while I'm gone :\ 
Shayla : \Where's < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE >?\" ( aka me)\ 
So , I think I just failed at writing . \ 
I love writing . I'm good at writing . \ 
At least it's Friday . 
Last night , I watched an amazing , traumatic movie , sobbed like an idiot , decided to be crazy , and then went out and played in the snow with some awesome friends . Today , I'm doing homework . Feel free to bother me :) 
Today was a very typical college day . I went to classes . Walked to Wegmans in the rain/snow . Worked . Went to a presentation from the Rochester Kink Club ( we thought it would be funny , but now < PROPFEMALE > is considering becoming a nun ) . Learned how to say \hooker\ " in Vietnamese ( < PROPFEMALE > ve ! ) . Read Freud . \ 
making coffee . this will either make me extremely happy and therefore unproductive , or will wake me up so I can finish/get started on my work . I'm hoping for the latter . 
writing my god damn philosophy paper . warning : if i see you tomorrow , I will probably make you read it . 
My plans for last night did not include running around Brockport at midnight , being encouraged and questioned by drunk people .... but that's what we did !! Gotta love college ! 
I love that every time the Mclean fire alarm goes off , the weather is terrible , its two in the morning , everyone DEFINITELY has better things going on ( sleep , movie , shower , etc ) , and I'm not wearing shoes . :p \ 
Every thing else is cool , though . 
Last night consisted of no sleep , laughter , terror , confusion , some crying , me hugging people , water fights , impromptu bonding , and intensely strange conversations . Oh , and ghosts . \ 
Let's do it again ! 
Just took my Japanese Midterm . \ 
Watashi wa Nihongo Testo o ii shimasendeshta . \ 
I think I just said that I didn't do so good . 
I love how we've had 5 fire alarms all year , 3 in the last week , and two tonight alone . Thanks Mclean !! 
Last night was interesting . Thanks < PROPMALE > . 
Home ! \ 
Oh wait , nothing happens here :p 
My brother just tried to convince me to take my road test by telling me about all the times Spongebob has failed to get his liscense . Then , he started renaming every brand of cereal we have in the house . \ 
I missed him :D 
So , joining stumbleupon was probably one of the best bad decisions I will make . I literally accomplish nothing now . 
I got an AMAZING internship today , based on the fact that my introductory letter apparently identified me as \a rare college student who is able to complete a sentence . \ " Thank Delta ! \ 
Had an interesting day at the mall with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck , but now I'm packing for Brockport ! And liking it , somehow . 
Back in Brockport !! I'm happy to be done with Spring Break , but I just realized that I have two essays and a test due this week , not to mention work .... also , that psychoanalysis essay I worked on all break ? Yeah , that's due NEXT WEEK . \ 
Things will resolve themselves somehow :p 
I could be frustrated with Mother Nature for being such a tease , angry at my Psych class for holding the Midterm during a very stressful week , or annoyed that I have to work today . But you know what ? I'm going to see the Lion < PROPMALE > off-Broadway tonight for $10 . Things are looking up . 
Lion < PROPMALE > was amazing . I may spend the rest of my life stalking Broadway . But first , lots of homework . 
I drank 3 cups of coffee at the International Festival ( which was awesome ) and now I'm trying to write my English essay . It's not going so well .... my room , however , looks pretty organized . 
So ..... my hair is now very short . As in , the shortest I have ever had my hair since I was two years old . In spite of once trying to cut my own hair , which was one of the worst ideas I have ever had . \ 
I do not know how I feel about this . 
It's 5 am . I have to be up in 2 hours to get ready to extoll the many virtues of Brockport . However , I still decided to stay up making interesting things out of < PROPMALE > with some people who probably won't let me live down some interesting things I said .... :D 
2:30 AM : \You want to have a meaningful conversation about BACON ??? Really ? \ " \ 
Having unexpected phone conversations with my parents is strange . \ 
But I have hats . And books . And interesting youtube videos . And I know some pretty awesome people . So the strangeness is evened out . 
Today was interesting ! I got my four-year plan worked out ( apparently I am totally free to go study Buddhism in Tibet if I so choose in 3 years ) , planned a peition with fellow frustrated Japanese students , paid my housing deposit , got caught up on assignments , and didn't have to work :D !!! and then my bamboo plant decided to commit suicide to prove a point .... :p 
Today was pretty good .... I just need to finish my psychoanalysis paper . Dreams are fun until you begin to realize what they mean . :p 
It's 3 am and I have finally finished my psychoanalysis essay . I think I actually reached a good conclusion about the message of the dream :O .... now I am going to go to bed and probably have another f*cked up dream ...... 
just had an AWESOME talk with my roommate about reading and stuff . It's the perfect end to a rather mundane day in my eccentric college life :p 
I would resolve to stop eating/hanging out with terrible people if it wasn't so freaking hilarious . \ 
( Laptop is broken .... secretly using my roommate's ) 
So , the listening script I wrote with < PROPFEMALE > for DCC 225 is secretly about winemaking . Why ? Because it can be done , and I also want to see how long it takes my professor to realize that it's about winemaking . :) Oh , the simple joys of college . 
I am tired , but content . The only things that could make me happier right now are some more sleep and a thunderstorm 
well , my life just got a lot more complicated .... 
I miss my laptop . Siting next to a guy playing a computer game in the library for an hour and a half ( CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK !!!!!! ) is definitely not the best way to get work done . 2 essays , a presentation , and super-compeitive registration still to come . :p 
I love philosophy :) 
I HAVE MY LAPTOP CORD BACK !! MY LAPTOP IS WORKING AGAIN !! I DON'T HAVE TO LIVE AT THE LIBRARY THIS WEEKEND !!! I CAN FINISH MY PAPER !! 
Finally getting to work on my paper .... :p 
So , laying/rolling around in the school fountain until 2 in the morning is not generally advised . But it's still fun ! \ 
Working on my essay , which is coincidentally due tomorrow . 
In the last 24 hours , I debated about religion , played with fire , watched drunk people run through signs and jump on tents , debated with said drunks about homelessness , tried to sleep outside , got too cold , asked my psych professor if she had penis envy , bought philosophy books , was attacked ( lovingly ) in Volunteers of < PROPFEMALE > ( < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck ) , and came home for the weekend . Life . Is . Good . 
Today was a good , mustache-making , annoying people in antique shops kind of day . 
Goo Goo Dolls/ BSG kind of quit on us , but hey , now I have time to write my movie analysis paper . Feel free to stop by my room and distract me !! 
\Do I dare \ 
All nighters make everything funnier 
I hate posting emo statuses . But 4:30 in the morning is worth an emo status . FIRE DETECTOR !!!! Nothing makes sense right now . 
NO MORE ALL NIGHTERS . I MEAN IT . ( Thanks to everyone who helped me get through today ) 
I just won 3 books at philosophy conference . My life seems pretty good right now :) \ 
P.s. if you got a weird statement/text message from me last night about how time is messed up or giant rabbits were going to get me , you should know that i get extremely and imaginatively paranoid while half asleep on quite a lot of caffeine and sugar . Sorry . 
All things considered , I think this weekend was worth the four hours of homework I just did . Minus losing my cell phone . But definitely including Philosophy Conference . :) 
\Only the person who risks is truly free \"- fortune cookie ticket I just randomly found on my dresser . " 
Dear < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld and < PROPMALE > Marulanda , \ 
ONE OF YOU changed my settings so that everything is in French . I don't speak French . The guilty one needs to come forth , change it back , and accept their punishment . But since its me , I'll probably just squint at you angrily and try to think of something that won't start up my hyperactive guilt complex . \ 
You suck . <3 , Maddy 
Today was a good , slightly depressing day ( I had to help people pack .... ) but you know what ? In about * 14 Hours * the lovely < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck is coming to visit me !! 
I could say something here about how awesome last night was , about how i hate presenting when I'm sick , about how much I LOVE being a < PROPFEMALE > , or about how the last week of classes begins in a few hours . But right now people are shooting off fireworks near the flag pole , and all I can think about is how ONE terrible person is dead . The problem is still very much alive and kicking . 
I'm sorry to everyone who heard me screaming and crying ... I was being made to face my issue with scary movies that really aren't scary to anyone else .... and now I'm too scared to leave < PROPMALE > Marulanda's room because I'm scared I will be possessed ..... 
If you just heard someone yelling in the hall over the deafening sounds of construction , it was ( probably ) me . Someone decided that today was a good day to annihilate the concrete on the other side of my wall right by my bed , so I'm finding it hard/impossible to write my essays , or watch Hulu , or talk to my roommate , or anything else fun or constructive .. 
I just finished my last english essay for the next 2 or 3 months ..... it feels strange . 
Just finished my last class of my freshman year !! I just have to wrap up an essay and then I'm going to < PROPMALE > the Port !!!! 
< PROPMALE > the Port wasn't quite as fun as I expected , but I still had a great night ... I'm so tired ... the only thing that keeps running through my head is that I have some damn wonderful friends 
This weekend , I waited in lines and talked to drunk people . I watched fireworks and went to the beach with some wonderful Deltas . I went to Walmart and bought a new hat . I stayed up late with friends , and then we all kind of fell asleep on my floor . I said goodbye to a friend and was given a bottle of holy water to protect me from demons . Thus ends my freshman year . I'm counting the days until we return . 
Today was kind of terrible , what with 2 friends leaving , failing tests , turning in essays late , and packing . But I guess that the fact that I'll miss this place so damn much is evidence of what a great year I had . I'm so lucky to have met so many great people and had such great times with them :D 
Making the most of an unbelievably beautiful day with < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld , who's leaving me soon , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , who's also leaving me soon , < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > Comden , < PROPFEMALE > Cryan , and < PROPMALE > Shields . 
Several wonderful people left today ... I'm kind of looking forward to going home tomorrow , just so I'll be that much closer to coming back . Thanks for a great year , Brockport !! Freshman year ends in about 12 hours ! 
I'M HOME !!!! \ 
.... meaning that tomorrow I start looking for a job and reading Marx ... yay . 
It's 1:30 in the morning , and I think I'd kill to sit on my atrociously weathered dorm floor , listening to stories about an Islamic secret agents while eating Swedish fish and cracking jokes about explicit Egyptian love poetry as only a < PROPFEMALE > can . :) 
I really don't handle staying up late very well ...... 
My brother has informed me that he is going to gather a crew so they can break dance in his elementary school's talent show . \ 
I don't mean to be unsupportive , but my extremely white little brother can't break dance . 
Dear Judeo Christian God , \ 
So , the Rapture is in three days , and I just thought I'd take the time to remind you that as you're choosing the few humans who will survive , diversity is key ! Sometimes Atheist Agnostics who like to quote Atheist Philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche ? WIN ! Their friends and family ? WIN ! Stupid/Terrible people who do stupid/terrible things in Your name ? NOT SO MUCH ! \ 
Best of luck ! <3 , Me 
Today was good . I got a babysitting job I'm ( oddly ) excited about , watching 2 boys and like 8 million animals- in other words , two things i missed in college . :D 
This morning I sat in a theater with < PROPFEMALE > Miller and 2 other random people and watched Thor . Twas Awesome . And then my day kind of got progressively worse . \ 
So .... I need new music . Any suggestions ? 
I just made myself a decen t-t asting dinner out of random things we had around the house . The Rapture is obviously true . Nice knowing you all . :p \ 
( While I don't actually believe in the Rapture , I find great amusement in the philosophical nature of the \what-if\ " of it all ) " 
3.41 GPA !!!! The world can end now ... I'm content :) 
I had a great time at the Lilac Festival today , despite sunburn , but all I can really think right now is that I want to go back to Brockport . Tonight , I got locked out of my house twice and was told be quiet several times more , just so I could talk to some people I miss ... If I were on campus , I could just walk across the quad and talk as loudly as I wanted . I think the better choice is clear here . 
Dear Residents of Webster , \ 
If you saw me spazzing on the side of 250 South today , everything's cool . I was just trying to save a crippled bird stuck in the road . Also , whoever waved to me- YOU TOTALLY KILLED IT ! \ 
Also , if it was your cat I swore at/accused of attempted murder , sorry . \ 
Um , internship starts tomorrow ! 
The first day of my internship went pretty well , and unless I get mugged by a homeless person it will probably continue in that fashion . 
< PROPFIRST > Camping has released a statement saying that the Rapture has , in fact , happened , it was just \spiritual\ " rather than \ " physical\ " . He now says that God is waiting until October 21st to release all the chaos and whatnot . \ 
< PROPMALE > out with < PROPFEMALE > Cryan this morning , briefly saw < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld , babysat , awkwardly ran into people in Wegmans ( of course ) , and then acted kind of riddiculous in a public park with people who are used to it :) 
Today , I somehow got into a conversation with the 8 year old I babysit about evolution , genetics , and the Big Bang theory . His younger brother came downstairs in the middle and , in the space of 5 minutes , told me that he loved me and \supposed\ " he liked me . \ 
I think my youngest sister is going to grow up to be a stalker . 
\If it makes you feel better 
I'm a strange , weird girl . I'm blunt , clumsy , and neurotic . I have odd , straightforward dreams and crazy ideas . I worry about becoming people who have hurt or angered me , and it scares me . \ 
But if you're in my life with no intention to change me and without worrying about image , I want you to know that I love you . And if you love me enough to say more than criticism and empty advice , don't let me let you leave . 
There's never a wish better than this , when you've only got a hundred years to live . 
Being home has taught me that even stupid things like laundry and subdivisions can be entertaining if you add either a stupid dog or a sibling <3 
Best moment of my night , so far : my stepdad runs by as my sister and I are walking and says \Hi girls ! Watch out for that creepy guy behind you ! \ " \ 
I had a really great adventures last night/today with some people I love . But then we found out that I'm not getting any financial aid next semester . At all . So I'm probably going to be still paying off loans when I have grandkids , or at least a really really really old dog . \ 
Gah . I'm going to listen to the Kooks and design my next tattoo until I feel better . I hope everybody else is good :p 
I just swam in probably unhealthy water and I'm damn tired . Finishing research for my internship that I saved until last minute and then passing out . Internship tomorrow . 
So , we have to do an awful lot of paperwork for this summer internship thing ..... I forgot it was this much .... is it going to be a late night ? I think so :p 
Today I had to explain to < PROPFEMALE > that a ) yes , my tattoo is still on my neck b ) yes , its permanent , c ) no , it will not go away even if I scrub it with water . Kids these days :p 
The power has been out for the last several hours and just came back on .... I spent a very dark few hours with my siblings , playing flashlight tag , telling stories , mostly successfully lighting candles , and talking in dark , scary voices about our neighbors with the loud generator . Stupid Suburbia . 
Appointment at Strong tomorrow . I am NOT excited . 
I realized today that next month is the 12th anniversary of my Diabetes diagnosis . Wow ... just wow . On the plus side , science has progressed enough that I can live this long and longer . On the negative , I need to finally get a handle on this :/ \ 
But overall , I'm thankful :) 
My weekend was pretty good : I had some adventures with < PROPFEMALE > Marchand and < PROPFEMALE > Tedesco . I went to Tilt with < PROPFEMALE > Hanley and had a gay guy tell me that he and I were the worst dancers in the club ( definite , unsarcastic highlight of the night ) . And I just finished talking with two people I miss about zombies and crack babies . Internship tomorrow ! 
I'm extremely ADD today , which is making this whole internship thing hard ... I've been swiveling in my chair from window to window for the last 20 minutes . Oh Mondays , you kill me . 
After a tough day being attacked by the kids I babysit , there's nothing better than being a suburban delinquent with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck , walking around talking loudly about atheism and rapping about Creation with strange hand gestures . :p 
More suburban delinquency tonight , but tomorrow I'm going to be a model teenage daughter in order to see some people I miss like the Brat Pack misses the 80s and polar bears will miss ice caps in a few decades ..... :p 
THE NY ASSEMBLY JUST PASSED A < PROPMALE > FOR GAY MARRIAGE ( for the fourth time ... ) AND IF ONE MORE SENATOR AGREES TO VOTE IN FAVOR OF THE < PROPMALE > , WE COULD ACTUALLY HAVE A , YOU KNOW , EQUAL STANDARD FOR MARRIAGE IN NY . Unfortunately , the last senator would have to be a Republican .... \ 
It's late and I'm spazzing about this ... 
It's kind of sad that the highlight of my day is now walking down my street at night , convincing my neighbors that < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck and I are crazy as we talk about Oedipus/Electra complexes , stupid English teachers , and analyze song lyrics :) 
I read this book once about Norse fortune-telling that essentially said that you will always get what you < PROPFEMALE > when you least expect it , so don't try to anticipate it . And they were right : everything < PROPMALE > , good or bad , seems to occur when I expected or at least considered the possibility of another result likely . \ 
In more logical news , I went to Darien Lake today ! 
Today , I thank my Dad for my taste in music . For teaching me about planting flowers , and ice fishing . For giving me an appreciation of stories and beautiful places , and 50% of my crazy hair genes . In spite of everything , I've learned so much from him . \ 
But I also thank my annoying siblings , who remind me that you don't have to have the same dad to love someone unconditionally . :) 
I had an great day at my internship ! I sent in a < PROPMALE > proposal , toured supportive housing , walked around downtown Rochester and survived in spite of my lack of city-involving skills , and to top it all off it was beautiful outside . Even better , my mentor told me that I was one of the most self-sufficient/best interns she's ever had ! 
Having my insulin pump , which helps keep me alive , quit on me at 2 in the morning is not fun . Being told by both FAFSA and Financial Aid that my family can totally feed 6 people AND pay my tuition without help is also not fun . \ 
Going to see friends ? Fun . Knowing I'll see two people I miss very much in about a week ? Awesome :) 
Today , I learned that having to fend off three children , each with some form of martial arts background , at once , without hurting them , is tough . There is a metaphor in there somewhere , probably . \ 
But it was a good day . 
I made banana pancakes for dinner while listening to < PROPFIRST > Johnson .... even though he seemed to like them , this still lead to my brother running around the living room , throwing pillows at me as I tried to hit him with a dish towel . \ 
They drive me crazy , but I love my family . 
I had a good day , but you know what would make it perfect ? If the Senate passed gay marriage tonight- they're voting !! \ 
Until the news comes , I'm going to < PROPFEMALE > out with one of my favorite people 
I read today that before they finally agreed to legalize equal marriage , our Senate also decided that now was a good time to increase tuition for SUNY and CUNY schools . This bummed me out for a while , but then I decided that if I ever climb out of the dark , gaping hole of debt and become a millionaire , I am creating a scholarship in my name . The only criteria will be that the canidate must obsessively love books . 
It's official ( again ): I am a caffeine addict . And my habit has me up at 3 in the morning listening to every song that comes to mind in a half-hearted attempt to calm myself down . 
My brother used to be afraid of mud . Today , he showed me up by going on every ride at Seabreeze and telling me that the name \Screaming Eagle\ " is a misnomer because the ride isn't scary enough to warrant screaming . \ 
I had a great , slightly disturbing day with < PROPFEMALE > Cryan ( DAMN IT < PROPFEMALE > I OWE YOU MONEY !! ) < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld , < PROPMALE > Wilfeard , and < PROPFEMALE>'s family . It got me ready to be back at Brockport :) \ 
Packing . 
LONG ISLAND :D 
I'm back from Long Island !!! I had an awesome time with < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld and her family , watching russian movies , swearing , swimming in the ocean , and being presented with hard evidence that EVERYTHING can be turned into a dirty joke . EVERYTHING . \ 
Now , I'm waiting for my family to get home so I can explain why I probably don't have a cell phone right now ... 
My reward for helping clean a bunch of stuff today ? The flashlight equivalent of a rape whistle to take back to Brockport with me . THANKS MOM !!! 
I think the highlight of my day was a grilled cheese sandwich . Why ? Because those things are awesome ! \ 
... I'm bored . Who is free this week ? 
I just saw < PROPFEMALE > Bachman's first presidential campaign video . In it , she says \I will not vote to increase the debt ceiling . \ " \ 
Breaking : < PROPFEMALE > Hanley is alive . It's just hard for her to contact people when she's in Poland going to mysterious \End of the World\ " presentations . " 
The sleeping children downstairs make it hard for me to make coffee . And I want some coffee . \ 
P.S. < PROPFIRST > Green , Amazon and < PROPFEMALE > Miller kind of made my day today :) 
It's kind of sad that the most normal part of my night was seeing Cars 2 with < PROPFEMALE > Miller ( which was actually a lot better than I expected ) . The rest of it was spent talking to my dog , because my house is creepy and quiet when no one else is home . :p 
Went to the Corn Hill Fest with < PROPFEMALE > Marchand and < PROPFEMALE > Tedesco , then came home and researched . Later , went and saw Super 8 , when I should have been researching . \ 
Damn you , procrastination . Internship tomorrow . 
This morning , the copy machine at my internship decided that the best way to torture me was to misprint over 300 pages of a very important < PROPMALE > for the YWCA . \ 
But coffee shops , walking , and movies with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck and Company made demonic technological encounters totally worth it . :) 
And now , a word from Shayla :\ 
\Why don't you call Daddy ' Daddy' ? \ " \ 
Today , I tried to write a Financial Aid appeal . Ten hours later , I have .... not even a paragraph . Some English major . \ 
But I found a bunch of music I didn't think I would like , but I do !!! That's good enough for me ! 
Our entire house gets really weird whenever my mom goes on Facebook . She's starts reading us statuses in which people have quoted Piglet , discovers a new button , and freaks out over someone she knew in high school :p it's actually quite entertaining . \ 
Writing that damn appeal letter . 
Finally finished the damn appeal letter ! And then I analyzed a dream . It made me miss having obnoxious conversations in the dining halls . \ 
Side note , I forgot the names of the dining halls for about 2 minutes . I can't wait to get back . 
My sister doesn't pronounce the \t\ " in peanuts 
\I like too many things and get all confused and hung-up running from one falling < PROPFEMALE > to another till I drop . This is the night 
Just finished talking to two members of my aberrant Brockport family : < PROPMALE > Marulanda , inevitably about sex , and < PROPFEMALE > Cryan , who taught me how to sign \piss off\ " in ASL :) " 
I have amazing friends who devise ways to make me check out their butts , assure me that they would hit on me if they were lesbian , and make dirty jokes about fruit . A lot . \ 
I'll see you all in a month :) 
My brother has just learned how to braid pieces of that plastic thread you use for boondogles , and he just gave me a super long one in Brockport's colors for me to bring back to college with me . I have no idea what the hell I'm going to do with it , but this is probably the most adorable thing he has done for me . :p 
The thing I remembered most today is that she once said \I'm 87 .... that's a good 
They're apparently releasing a third Paranormal Activity . Why ? \ 
Also , NO . 
< PROPFEMALE > Schoeck and I just found what is probably the only Vin Diesel movie without explosions . It was disappointing . \ 
Probably changing my hair tomorrow . 
I read about this study today which says that you are the truest to yourself and the least susceptible to peer pressure between the ages of 8-10 . \ 
.... I don't know about anyone else , but I was a pretty weird , spastic , socially awkward 8 year old . All I really did was read . I think my stepdad had me convinced that there were lepruchauns in our attic . \ 
Stupid science . 
It's midnight , but I really want to drink buckets and buckets of coffee , to be followed by a crazy trip to Walmart , and then end the night by sitting in a fountain . \ 
If you have no idea what I'm talking about , you really need to come to Brockport . 
My mom just had to explain to < PROPFEMALE > that humans , unlike birds , do not \lay\ " babies . " 
Today , I suceeded in teaching my dog a game where he chases my feet as I do the grapevine around the kitchen . This backfired on me when I tripped over the rug , hit my head against a chair , and he sat on me smugly . :p 
The bad way to start off a night is to learn that a band you were practically raised on is playing in Toronto , but the only way you can get there is by illegally sneaking over the border . \ 
The good way ? Hedgehogs . We may have a hedgehog soon :D 
Tonight I relived the 90s with < PROPFEMALE > Marchand , < PROPFEMALE > Tedesco , and < PROPFEMALE > Gosnell . But I think the night was summarized by < PROPFEMALE>'s words as she drove me home :\ 
\I just want you to know that I would never ACTUALLY pull a lesbian move on you .... unless we were both drunk and you consented !! \ " \ 
Today , I made pancakes from scratch , which was kind of out-of-character . I also learned that you should never let someone you're mad at know what your favorite food is . Bribery will ensue . :p 
The 5 year old I babysat tonight informed me that he , his brain , his blankets , his stuffed moose , and the stuffed moose's hat all liked me . And my hair . \ 
Meanwhile , his brother asked me to define \comatose\ " . \ 
I think I may have figured out something today . \ 
But more importantly , I have a cell phone again ! My number is still 585-797-8622 , so please text me < PROPFIRST > if you want to talk to me :) 
Remember how we took those tests in 4th grade and they gave us purple construction paper , because purple is supposed to be a very calming color ? Well , in a moment of extreme internship computer stress today , I saw a guy walk by wearing what seemed to be purple striped pajamas , with matching purple flipflops and sunglasses . \ 
It did NOT help . :p 
I just fought off internship stress by skyping with < PROPMALE > Marulanda . \ 
Me : \Seriously 
Going camping with three odd siblings , strange family friends , my parents , and our dog , who is still pretty convinced that rocks are edible . See you in 2 days . \ 
Oh , and < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld is getting our hedgehog this weekend :) 
I drove through Brockport this weekend- It looks exactly the same , but strangely empty . \ 
I just need to sell my soul to one of the lovely < PROPFEMALE > companies that have been sending me letters , wait 18 days , and then I'll be back ! \ 
Internship tomorrow . 
Going to Buffalo with < PROPFEMALE > Schoeck tomorrow to look at colleges ... which is weird , because not too long ago I was giving her every free t-shirt I ever got on a college tour so my decision wouldn't be influenced by the awesomeness of stuff you don't have to pay for . :p 
As we were driving to Buffalo today , I saw this huge black pickup truck with a bumper sticker that said \I'm not overcompensating . \ " \ 
two weeks until I can talk about random stuff ( odd fetishes ! bacon ! hooker names ! etc ! ) with some of my favorite people IN PERSON . :D 
I realized today that I didn't really unpack when I got back from college .... I just hid most of the boxes in the basement . \ 
But I've found the silver lining : it makes me happy that I quite clearly do not have OCD . 
Letzes Nacht war ficken verruckt . 
Explaining the science of thunderstorms to a 6-year old who thinks that lightening is going to hit her if she leaves the house gets you absolutely nowhere . Damn kids . 
Today was pretty good , but I'm willing to bet that tomorrow will be even better . :D 
Seeing < PROPFEMALE > Cryan and < PROPMALE > Marulanda today , combined with a very empty campus , make me very excited for next Thursday . I guess I should probably start packing .... 
When my brother isn't being a little jerk , he's pretty God damn adorable . 
Babysitting ate my life . Then it attacked its brother with a toy lightsaber . 
I just had my geek moment of the week when I found out that my Non-Western Aesthetics course is focusing on Japanese Hip Hop , tattoos , reggaeton , etc . I don't even listen to reggae , but I still danced around my house like a crazy person . YAY < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
\Not philosophers but fretsawyers and stamp collectors compose the backbone of society . \ " \ 
I'm not very good at this packing thing . \ 
But , on the other hand , I don't have to babysit children with martial arts backgrounds for at least a month !!! :D 
Packed all day , and then spent my last night with < PROPFEMALE > Tedesco , < PROPFEMALE > Marchand , and < PROPFEMALE > Gosnell . Last-minute packing tomorrow . \ 
It's weird though- last year this whole process felt a lot more significant . Now , I just can't wait to get back to school . :) 
The best thing about coming back to Brockport is feeling like I never left . \ 
The second best is having an honorary suitemate walk in and happily inform you that he is learning to speak Austrailian . :D 
Today I loudly sang Disney songs with a random collection of people in our common room , met our sixth roomate ( she's an exchange student from Kuwait ! ) , and made plans to break onto the Mortimer roof . Now , I'm in a perpetual caffeine high with < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld and < PROPFEMALE > Cryan , which may in fact be a residual high . \ 
In other words , I really really love this suite . :D 
Danced in foam , and then went to see this stunningly wonderful , tasteful , and low-budget film called .... Conan the Barbarian . I have never seen people dismembered and shit blown up more realistically . :p 
Classes start tomorrow , and I am actually excited because I don't have to get up until 9 and my first class is Creative Writing . I live a pretty good life :) 
My Creative Writing class was pretty awesome . My Philosophy class was amazing . And my Aesthetics professor threatened to separate my group twice-which shows nothing but promise for a great semester . \ 
And now a civil , non-critical phone conversation with my father ? I like today a lot . 
My suitemates got me bells to put on my wrists so that I can finally understand just how much I use my hands when I talk . So far , it only makes me dance a lot . 
Classes + fire alarm + stupid internet + Walmart adventures = tired , confused Maddy . \ 
Club Craze tomorrow !! 
I'm tired , I had a crazy day , and I'm dangerously low on caffeine . I apparently speak French with a Japanese accent . My friend made me watch a movie about demons , and now I have to do homework before class in about 7 hours . \ 
But < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld and < PROPMALE > Marulanda are the best honorary siblings I could ask for . So its worth it . 
The good news : I don't have a headache , I survived watching a horror movie , and I now know a lot more about < PROPFEMALE > and Colombian dances . \ 
The bad news : I acted riddiculously last night , and then promised my suitemates that they could mock me relentlessly today . The sooner they wake up , the sooner we can get this over with . 
I have been here a week , and I'm already having the weirdest conversations in this common room . \ 
Also , screw statistics : everyone here is crazy . 
Tonight , we had a guy from < PROPFEMALE > sit with us in the common room as we discussed Christian mythology and the weird traits of hedgehogs . When he left , he told us all that we were very smart . \ 
An hour before , I had watched these people shove the remnants of a meal into two empty soda bottles , while making an impressive number of related dirty jokes . \ 
You can fit a lot of stuff into a soda bottle . 
Two of my suitemates , including the one who possibly has mono , seem to have disappeared . A third-the modest one-has happily informed me of her plan to join a bathing party in Brevsk . I asked if this meant she would be naked in front of a bunch of people . She said she didn't know . \ 
I like living here . 
I had a good day . That is all . 
I think the best part about coming home is judging how much my family missed me by the actions of my youngest siblings and my dog . The brother and the dog missed me ; meanwhile , < PROPFEMALE > still refuses to put clothes on her Barbies . \ 
Driving to the Islands-area tomorrow . Lots of homework in the car . 
Driving soon ... I hope ? Be back Sunday . 
It was a long weekend . Good in some ways . Bad in others . I had to say goodbye to the warmest person I knew , but I also saw people I missed a lot . Then I came home and learned an Austrailian drinking song . Such is life :p 
I think the highlight of my day was being told that I can write a fairly decent beginning to a spy story in 10 minutes . Also , writing a self-obituary in Philosophy and including my fairly extensive knowledge of < PROPMALE > swear words . 
Tonight , I helped my suitemate cut her hair , watched Tangled , stabbed myself in the foot with a thumbtack , and learned that the real message of < PROPFEMALE > is that you should marry men who show up at your door claiming to have items you forgot at a party . :p \ 
I love my friends . 
Two out of three of my classes were cancelled today- but they were two of my favorite classes :p \ 
Hopefully writing tomorrow ! 
At the end of the day , there are some things that you can only do with your closest friends . \ 
P.S. Coca Cola Rice- a Colombian dish- I can now make it . I think . :) 
Last night was weird . Fun , but weird . 
I'm going out to find something beautiful . 
Today was not my favorite . 
It seems that multiple times every year , I end up walking to Trax in costume , completely sober , while drunk people yell at me . :p 
Try walking arm-in-arm with two other people when the one in the middle is demonstrating < PROPFEMALE > dancing steps . It's hard . \ 
I had a good day . 
Today , I learned that it is probably not a good idea to try out a tandem kayak for the first time with someone who has spent most of their life in a desert ... but it was still a lot of fun . 
The best moment of today , after stressing over where I want to go study abroad and accursed Statistics tests , was finally opening up the reviews of my creative writing submission .... and having a bunch of my classmates tell me that they really liked my piece . \ 
This is why I changed my < PROPMALE > :D 
Today , I had a British girl ask me if I was crazy , and a gay guy insinuate that he wants to be THE gay in mine and < PROPFEMALE > Distenfeld's lives . Then , he told us how we could become ordained ministers . \ 
Then , we talked about explosions and plastic surgery in Philosophy Club . It was a good day . 
