alright just tryin this out so we shall see how it goes :) 

tommorow is my birfday !!!! 
go go go go go shawty its my birfday , not gonna drink bacardi cause its my birfday and you know i dont give a lick cause its my birfday 
yall know it be my birfday 
i'm not crazy , crazy is talking to cats , and digging < PROPFEMALE > abdual 
ok screw gibson county . why are we the only school in gibson county that has to get up in negative temperatures in the morning and go to school ? Peabody , < PROPMALE > , < PROPMALE > , Humboldt are all closed because apparently their school officials actually care about their students more than getting a few more tax dollars . oh well wats a few hundred kids getting sick when you give yourself a nice big bonus huh ? 
how bout dem saints ? 
< PROPFIRST > Cammarata is slowly feeling his brain turn to mush by the apathy of summer lol and it feels great 
got the next couple days off not really sure what to do with all the free time :s 
well finally in florida after a nine hour wait in atlanta airport ...... grrrrr curse you < PROPFEMALE > lol but already went to the beach and having fun 
back in tennessee , good to be home but had fun in florida and miss pops 
ok so im sitting here watching an infomercial over Pos-T-Vac . for those of you who don't know , it is a penis pump for men with < PROPMALE > . I have learned 2 things .... 1 . I have now learned what the webster definition of Erictile Dysfunction is , and 2 . Medicare will cover a penis pump but not my contacts . grrrrrrr if you cant get your junk to work , then your probably to old to use it people 
Just got back from katies house < PROPMALE > out with her < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > . We broke katies bed then watched THUNDERPANTS !!!!!!!!! 
ok ive had a revalation ........ lava lamps are the coolest things ever invented ....... i mean seriously why am i just now witnessing this awesomeness 
doesnt want to move in the morning bleh 
doesnt really understand why they got rid of the old freecreditreport.com band 
Has just seen the light ........ sonic slushes are a gift from the heavens 
EVERYONE WAS WEARING FINGERLESS GLOVES !!!!!!! 
o dang\ 
wat is it dawg ? \ 
i forgot its mothers day\ 
didnt get a gift for her ? \ 
other plans got in the way 
Well got a little packin to do but tryin to enjoy my last day here im excited but a little sad im gonna miss everyone but ill be back alot so it wont be that bad 
just woke up lol more meetings and a class walkthrough today 
well i survived my first day of classes im pretty confident ill be able to make it 
got history at 2 then its back to gc , gonna go see the game later on tonight . 
just got a sudden urge to work out .............. im fixin to hit up the gym at < PROPFIRST > tommorow 
reading this thing for english ............. homework isnt fun 
got on facebook on my xbox 
soooooooo weeeeee pigs lol thats to all them volunqueers lol anyways just got off work thinkin bout hittin up some mw2 
At first i was afraid ....... i was petrified thinkin how i couldnt live without u by my side 
been an odd week kind of glad its almost over 
Everybody , if you are reading this go to the search bar and type in big < PROPMALE > and like his group cause he is awesome 
2 hrs of class then finally done 
i think i did good on that history test today , all i got left this week is a revision to my paper and fall break thank you jesus 
There are two things i hate in this world ...... people who are intollerant of other peoples cultures ........ and the dutch-nigel powers 
hey guys thanks for all the happy Birthdays lol 
Omg im at this general studies assembly it is stupid and boring 
had a good break , spent time with the family and ate some turkey , arkansas pulled the upset and now all i need is for the chargers to pull one out vs peyton 
Whoot whoot just finished my paper and feel like taking the rest of the night off lol 
reasons for arkansas's loss\ 
\ 
1 . Another stupid interception by < PROPFIRST > Mallet\ 
2 . 5 dropped passes\ 
3 . A porous defense\ 
4 . Questionable officiating\ 
5 . Inconsistent enforcement on NCAA rules . I applaud you NCAA for showing how biased you really are . It shows that making money is more important than following the stupid rules you \enforce \"." 
hey logan !!!!! \ 
i'm on your profile ! \ 
i changed your pic :) \ 
hope you love it :) \ 
also , hope you are safe\ 
and hope to see you soon !!!!! 
you had to upgrade to the new profile ... now go do it 
back in TN , had a great time in Florida ! got a couple days off then gotta get my nose back to the grindstone 
sittin here with < PROPFIRST > listening to her complain about not havin chicken nuggets and then correcting the grammar on my status 
is now addicted to the pawn stars game lol its pitiful 
what do ya'll think about egypt and what implications will it have on other states in that are such as < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > , and Iran ? 
I want you to comment on this status to say how you met me . But I want you to lie . That's right , just make stuff up . Then copy this to your status so I can do the same for you . 
lol just had to relive that terrible performance by the black eyed peas ................................ wow it was terrible 
lol just switched to pirate as my language and it is awesome lol 
really hate signing up for classes they should change it somehow either add more servers or split the time up 
