I have 4 OU v Baylor tickets available for this weekend if anyone is intrested . I would like face value $69 but willing to discuss best offer 

I have 4 OU v Baylor tickets for this weekend . I would like to get face value of $69 each but will discuss better offer 
Just got home from WW went to watch Dossannna play basketball Fairview/Woodward scrimmage . 
Just filled out the order for Senior announcements ; Listening to < PROPFIRST > give me instructions for Senior night this Friday at the football game . Terminally depressed 
Just finished the article for Sunday's Daily OK about Shattuck and also the CoachesAide article . Awesome ! 
Good Morning - It's going to be a wonderful day . 
I'm thankful for my husband and son . They keep me on my toes and love to aggravate . 
Well < PROPMALE > just came and informed me that on 12-21-2012 the sun will align with the center of the galaxy and that this only happens every 22000 yr and < PROPFIRST > chimed in that with the exact time the earth will end ! Cheerful fellows aren't they 
For family and friends Shattuck begins playoffs this week . We will be playing Thackerville this Friday at Shattuck . Good Luck Indians !!!! 
Today I am thankful for my santiy ! 
< PROPFIRST > just informed me he will be showing a pig and it arrived today ! Oh what fun ! I do draw the line at taking care of this animal-I think 5 dogs and a cat is enough :-) 
We named the pig Bacon ! Have to admit he is a little cute 
Today I'm thankful for peace beyond understanding , God's strength and grace at my weakest moments . 
Today I am thankful for the men and women that serve and have served our country . A big THANK YOU to our soldiers 
I have 4 tickets to the OU v Texas A&M game for sell if anyone is interested 
Today I'm thankful for the Fall weather ! 
Today I'm thankful for the many blessings in my life . 
I'm thinking of my Patric - tomorrow he would have been 16 . I know the angels will be singing happy birthday for me . I know he is thinking of us too . There was a single yellow < PROPFEMALE > on one of the bushes outside of my window this morning . Always take the time to look around see the signs . 
Happy Birthday Patric ! Forever in my heart & always on my mind XXOO . Mom 
Today I'm thankful for the people that have touched my life , the random acts of kindness , the compassion and support from friends and family . 
Today I am thankful that God continues to work on me ! I am definately a work in progress . 
Today I am thankful for family and friends , all are a source of inspiration and strenghth . Every joy shared and every crisis faced makes us stronger . 
Getting ready to head to OKC , taking < PROPMALE > for his treatment . Hope he will feel better afterward ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING , Sending blessings to all ! Now it is off to begin my cooking !! 
Consider it a sheer gift , friends , when tests and challenges come at you from all sides . You know that under pressure , your faithlife is forced into the open and shows its true colors . — < PROPFIRST > 1:23 MSG 
We can be thankful for the gifts we will never lose : love , joy , the assurance of God's grace and the nearness of heaven . 
If you don't know , as of today , Facebook will automatically index all your info on Google , which allows everyone to view it . To change this option , go to Settings --> Privacy Settings --> Search --> then UN-CLICK the box that says ' Allow indexing ' . Facebook kept this one quiet . Copy and paste onto your status for all 
THANK YOU !! Everyone for the birthday wishes !! I had an awesome day . My niece Lakota made cheese cake for me-yummy ! My nephews got me a box of < PROPFEMALE > pies-yummy ! I had a massage-excellent highly recommend < PROPFEMALE>' < PROPMALE > . < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > & Kambria took me out for dinner ; a Red < PROPFEMALE > Cake , I am very blessed with family and friends ! Lots of love to all !! God has given me the best gift with all of you in my life !!! 
I'm out to prove that 80% of my friends will repost , I hope I'm right ! Lets lift up His name and make a statement ! Sadly 97% of Facebook users will not repost this ... When Jesus died on the cross he was thinking of you . If you are one of the few 3 % , repost this message 
In Memory Patric Witschi Nov . 17 , 1993 - < PROPFIRST > . 8 , 2005 . Peace I leave with you ; my peace I give you . I do not give to you as the world gives . Do not let your hearts be troubled and do not be afraid . * < PROPFIRST > 14:27 . 
Today I thought about your handsome face and felt your excitement for life and your genuine happiness and I as your mother , realized that my dreams for you had come true . Please know how very much I love and miss you . 
Off to OKC taking < PROPMALE > to McBride clinic . 
< PROPMALE>'s treatments going well . Infusion treatments seem to be doing what they are supposed to . 
To all the mommies out there : Join the fun and repost ! What did your children weigh at birth ? < PROPFIRST > 7.7 lb ; Patric 6.0 lb 
IN MEMORY OF ALL THOSE BABIES BORN SLEEPING OR WE NEVER GOT TO MEET Put this as your status if you or somebody you know has suffered a BABY LOSS ??? the majority won't put it on , because unlike cancer , baby loss is a taboo ??? break the silence ??? In Memory of all the ~ Angel ~ Babies Gone- too soon but never forgotten ? 
IT'S TIME TO SHOW THE WORLD THAT MORE OF US SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THAN DON'T!!! IF YOU SUPPORT OUR TROOPS THEN PLEASE POST THIS ON YOUR STATUS AND LEAVE IT THERE FOR ONE HOUR !! AND IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS , THEN PLEASE FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM !!!! 
I ran over a surfer riding a motorcycle because I'm cool like that . 
When you LOSE A LOVED ONE , look for GODWINKS to mysteriously appear , providing reassurance you’re never alone . 
The ultimate meaning of compassion is love and grace . When we grasp what God’s love and grace have done for us , we cannot help but show compassion to others . — < PROPFEMALE > Walsh ( Life Is Tough But God Is Faithful ) 
Steadfast love surrounds those who trust in the Lord . — Psalm 32:10 NRSV In my life , I have been challenged to take an honest look at how much I trust God . 
This could be fun . Leave a one-word comment that you think best describes me using the THIRD letter of YOUR name . It can only be one word . No more than one word . Then copy and paste this post on your wall so I can leave a word about you 
If you have a SON who makes your life interesting and fun , has been a blessing in your life and generally makes life easier by being around , copy and paste this to your status . The world would not be the same without my son !! 
Feeling blue , our dog < PROPMALE > ran off yesterday ! < PROPFIRST > has had this dog since he was 8 , he is very upset and taking it hard . This happened north of Shattuck and back west at the Witschi homestead . If anyone sees him he is a brown Cheasepeak Retriever answers to < PROPMALE > very friendly , please let us know if you see him . Thanks 
< PROPMALE > has been found and returned safe and sound . Thanks everyone for your assistance . Great Big Thank You to < PROPFIRST > Callaway 
PLACE OF BIRTH ! Everyone please play ! You will find it interesting to know where your FB friends birth places are . Copy & paste this on your profile , then put your place of birth at the end of this sentence ......... Las Cruces , NM 
I don't suffer from stress . I'M A CARRIER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Life isn't like a box of chocolates , it's more like a jar of jalapenos ; you never know what's going to burn your butt ! 
I love deadlines . I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by . 
I don't have an attitude problem , you have a perception problem !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
My reality check bounced ! On the keyboard of life , always keep your finger on the escape key ! 
Please pray for < PROPMALE > Shipmen's family ! < PROPMALE > is the 7th grader from Arnett , that died this last weekend . His services are today . Shaw funeral home is taking donations to help with expenses . May God's grace and strength be with this family ! 
If your Dad is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Dad still with you , or if he is an Angel in Heaven looking over you , copy and paste this into your status and let everyone know you are proud of your dad I ? Love My Dad !!! I miss you everyday Dad ! 
God has a way of working that tends to fall outside the norm , and he needs people who trust him enough to go the distance , no matter bizarre or painful the game plan . This family will need all of our strengh and faith to see them through the days ahead . It is a long and painful journey but with the support of family and friends to guide and encourge may we be a buffer for their pain and sorrow . In Jesus name . Amen 
Two killed in wreck » Local News » The Woodward Newswoodwardnews . netWoodward , Okla . — Two people died and three others were hospitalized after a one-vehicle accident in < PROPFIRST > County Tuesday night . Jaxson < PROPFIRST > Hamaker , 11 , and Rydar < PROPFIRST > Hamakar , 9 , were pronounced dead ... 
My Prayer ... God of peace , fill my soul with the wonder of your grace . Let me not forget the cost of your love . Stir in me the constant and abiding memory of your redemptive grace . Thank you . In Jesus ' name I pray . Amen . 
I'm a confident to post this ! I just spoke with < PROPFEMALE > Hamaker-King about an hour ago . Jazz is alive !! They are going to start bringing her out of a coma , they have had her in a drug induced coma so she would not feel any pain - they are going to remove the breathing tube to see if she can breath on her own . All scans look good at this time . < PROPFEMALE > maybe released from ICU later this evening . 
Spoke with < PROPFEMALE > Hamaker at about 9:30 pm . < PROPFEMALE > is being released from ICU as soon as they have a bed for her , probably in the morning and they did have her up walking earlier this evening . They are going to start bringing Jazz out of coma this evening and tomorrow , she has several broken bones but all cat scans were clear . < PROPMALE>'s surgery on his leg will be tomorrow sometime . 
At one time or another , most of us raised an angry fist to fate and cursed the darkness . Each of these actions is about as equally effective . But to deny there is a God is something else altogether . To < PROPMALE > heaven of God is to < PROPMALE > ourselves of grace , hope , and future . How foolish indeed to forget that behind a Creation of wonder , order , variety , beauty , power , and pattern is the Creator . 
My Prayer ... O Lord God Almighty , Creator and Sustainer , thank you for not only being there , but being with us today . In Jesus name I pray . Amen . 
Just want to say how proud I am of my < PROPFIRST > , he went yesterday to take the written test for his Class A CDL . This is a 200+ test . He passed only missing 4 of the questions . There were people there taking the same test for 2nd and 3rd time . Great job for an 18yr . He is scheduled to take the driving test for next Tues . 
12:19 PM - Received message from < PROPFEMALE > ; < PROPMALE > is out of surgery and doing okay ; Jazzy in icu going to bodycast . < PROPFEMALE > in room 501 at Presbyterian . 
One thing the Gospels ( < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > , < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > ) make clear , Jesus ' death on the cross was no accident . Jesus knew the challenge that awaited him in Jerusalem and he walked into it to deliver us from the same fate . If only we will face our challenges with a faith that God will lead us to triumph beyond our pain ! 
My Prayer ... Holy God and Loving Father , thank you for your plan to cover my sin with your grace by the death of your Son . May I live today aware of his sacrifice and confident of his victory over sin and death , so my life may reflect your victory . In the name of Jesus , my precious Savior , I pray . Amen . 
Recieved wonderful news yesterday evening from < PROPFEMALE > Hamaker . < PROPMALE > has been released , Jazzy is stable and Jacky may be released Sun . Received a God Wink - Driving home from work the radio was playing < PROPFEMALE > Underwood's \Temporary Home\ " . RIP Ryder/Jaxon we will see you again someday . " 
My Prayer ... Thank you , Father , for your anguish and cost to forgive my sins by the blood of your Son . I refuse to take lightly the cost of my sin and will live for your < PROPFEMALE > in appreciation of your grace . In the name of him who sacrificed all for my salvation I pray . Amen . 
Received message from < PROPFEMALE > Hamaker-king that all Jazzy tubes removed and she is very responsive . Happy Easter to all and many blessings . 
Who endowed the heart with wisdom or gave understanding to the mind ? — Job 38:36 NIV 
New niece is LeighAnna < PROPFEMALE > Nix ; 7.15 lb ; head 14.25 ; chest 13 ; length 20.5 
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . -Herm Albright 
My Prayer ... O Lord , thank you for your steadfast and secure love . Thank you for the assurance that my future rests in your hands . Thank you for holding me in your protective grace . May I live today with confidence and joy knowing that no matter where I find myself , you are there to uphold and sustain me . For this grace , I thank you in Jesus ' name . Amen . 
by < PROPMALE > Lucado Goliaths still roam our world . Debt . Disaster . Dialysis . Danger . Deceit . Disease . Depression . Super-size challenges still swagger and strut , still pilfer sleep and embezzle peace and liposuction joy . But they can’t dominate you . You know how to deal with them . You face giants by facing God first . 
Shopping with neices for Prom dress and athletic banquet done very very thankful God blessed me with boys I'm exhausted :-) And I only thought < PROPFIRST > was a handful ! LOL 
My Prayer ... Abba Father , for the grace of your listening ear I thank you more than words can say . Through the authority of Jesus my brother and by the grace of your interceding Holy Spirit , I offer you my thanks and love this day . Amen . 
My Prayer ... Create in me , O Mighty God , a resolute and steadfast heart so that I might persevere with joy no matter what the difficulty . This I ask in the name of your faithful Son . Amen . 
When God thought of mother He must have laughed with satisfaction and framed it quickly so < PROPMALE > so deep so divine so full of soul power and beauty was the conception . \ 
- < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > Beecher 
My Prayer ... Father , I want to thank you for the women of character and grace , tenderness and fire , love and tenacity , who have helped shape my life -- those who have helped me find , follow , and faithfully serve you . I especially thank you for my mother and what she means to me . Please bless them . I ask this in Jesus ' name . Amen . 
My Prayer ... Great and Almighty God , Eternal Strength for all who call on your name , I apologize and ask your forgiveness for everything I've done and every word I've spoken that have hurt others in your family and brought a wound to the unity of your Church . Please bless my efforts as I seek less of my will , seek to live for your < PROPFEMALE > , and seek to encourage others . In the name of Jesus I pray . Amen . 
When you talk , do not say harmful things , but say what people need—words that will help others become stronger . — Ephesians 4:29 NCV 
Thank You Jesus for protecting < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > and that they all survived yesterday's head on collision . Thank you that their injuries weren't more serious . In Jesus Name Amen ! 
The brightest crowns that are worn in heaven have been tried and smelted and polished and glorified through the furnaces of tribulation . \ 
- < PROPMALE > Hubbel Chapin 
is not how many times you get knocked down ... is how many times you get back up again ! 
just stepped outside , closed her eyes , took a deep breath of fresh air , sipped her coffee , perfect morning ! What could go wrong ? crap ! forgot to put pants on ! 
drip , pop , sizzle , perkle perkle perkle , drip , pop , sizz ; I'm listening to the most beautiful sound in the morning , coffee brewing ! 
the day has begun ... get ready , get set ... wait a minute , I need more coffee :) 
Hope that all my teacher friends have a great 1st day back to school today ! And wishing you a great year :-) 
Today is a little harder than most , tears are heavy today . In honor of < PROPMALE > Cummings- A heart of gold stopped beating .. two shining eyes now at rest - Heaven gained an angel . From < PROPMALE > and I to the Cummings family we love you all so much and feel your loss as our own . Your are in our thoughts and prayers . RIP < PROPMALE > :( 
If we live , we live to the Lord : and if we die , we die to the Lord . So , whether we live or die , we belong to the Lord . — Romans 14:8 ( NIV ) Everything we have on earth is temporary except our love for the Lord Jesus , our praise of God through him , and our friends with whom we share that love and praise ! 
\The unfolding of your words gives light ; it gives understanding to the simple . \ " — Psalm 119:130 ( NIV " 
FRIDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL-Go Shattuck Indians !!!!!!!!!!! 
For some moments in life there are no words . ~ David Seltzer , < PROPMALE > Wonka and the Chocolate Factory . Happy 65th birthday Dad - I know the celebration in Heaven is grand , I love and miss you so very much , I know you are with us still , you are that gentle wind and whisper in my hear letting me know that everything will be okay . My gift of hugs and kissess will be delivered on the wings of angels . Love P . 
Awesome afternoon , got to see grand-daughter Dossanna hit her first ever out of the park home run . Had a great time !!! 
Hope .... rejoice in our suffering , suffering produces perserverance , preserverance character and character hope ... Romans 5:3 
For hearing my thoughts , understanding my dreams , and being my best friend , for filling my life with joy and loving me without end ... In sickness or health , better or worse , richer or poorer ... I do ... Happy 21st Anniversary to my husband < PROPMALE > . Just one lifetime won't be enough for us ! Love P . 
Please join < PROPFEMALE > Witschi for a Premier Designs Jewelry Show . The new 2010 Fall Line catalogs are here . Come shop half price trays . Items are marked down for less than 1/2 price . Please RSVP to < PROPFEMALE > ( email : pawitschi@msn.com ) Light refreshments will be provided . WHEN October 11 , 2010 TIME 5:00 PM WHERE < PROPFEMALE>'s Home 721 NW 1st St , Shattuck OK 
This is LOVE MY SISTER WEEK ! If you have a sister who has made you laugh , wiped your tears , hugged you tight , watched you succeed , saw you fail , cheered you on and kept you strong , tell her that you love her by reposting . Sisters are a promise that we will have a friend forever ! Post if you have an Amazing Sister ! Love you < PROPFEMALE > & < PROPFEMALE > 
KEEP IT GOING , Heavenly Father , walk through my home and take away all \ 
my worries and any illness ; watch over and heal my family . In Jesus \ 
name , Amen . If God comes first in your life , then stop what your doing \ 
and set this as your status . Watch what He'll do ! 
Heavenly Father ~ walk thru my home and take away all my worries and any illnesses .... Please watch over , protect , and heal my family in Jesus ' name .. Amen .. This is a very powerful prayer .... Stop what youre doin and set this as your status . Watch what He'll do for you .. 
IS A HANDFUL !!! Unfortunately most women won't re-post this . I'm strongwilled , independent & outspoken in a respectful way ! I make mistakes , I am sometimes out of control & at times hard to handle - but if you can't handle me at my worst then you sure as heck don't deserve me at my best . If you're a HANDFUL , then repost this on your status ! I dare you ! 
A good marriage is one which allows for change and growth in the individuals and in the way they express their love . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > S . < PROPMALE > 
I'm a little behind on posting what I'm thankful for this month- I'm thankful for my God , my family and friends . 
Thankful for this beautiful morning ; breakfast with < PROPFIRST > & < PROPMALE > ; now the solitude . 
The Internet is like alcohol in some sense . It accentuates what you would do anyway . If you want to be a loner , you can be more alone . If you want to connect , it makes it easier to connect . \ 
- < PROPFEMALE > Dyson 
Thankful for an Aunt that will mate my basket of socks =) 
Update on my Mom- She is doing okay , the orthopedist did not want to see her until Mon . when the swelling is down . So for now she is maintaining , gets up for short periods of time , takes her meds and goes back to bed . Thank you to everyone for your encouragement I have given her your messages and will keep you posted . 
Thank You to all that have checked on mom ; Sorry I haven't updated her status since Friday . I left and went to spend the wkend with my husband in OKC . I take mom to see Dr. < PROPFIRST > this afternoon , I will post and call everyone with an update this evening . 
Update on Mom : Everything went wonderful , Dr < PROPFIRST > put her in a sling and changed her pain med . It's a clean fx no surgery needed . She does have to keep shoulder immobile for next 3 wks then seeDr again/re-xray . She is to start using her forearm and hand he doesn't want the elbow getting stiff . He released her to return to work and other activities as tolerated . She is planning on returning to work on Mon . 
I can see you everywhere , your portrait fills the sky , I can feel you everywhere shining like the sun . \Happy 17th Birthday\ " Patric < PROPFIRST > Witschi 11/17/91-01/08/05 . I can only imagine the young man you woud be today . I love you and miss you so very much . XXOO " 
Going to be a grandma again in a few hours . < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFIRST > have been at hospital since 10:00 pm last night , checked in with him this morning at 4:00 am at 6:00 am she was at a 3 . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy & paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same . 
Today I'm celebrating the 45th anniversary of my escape from the womb ;-) I would like to thank my mother without whom my birthday would not have been possible ! ... Another year Wiser and a little more Fabulous ;-) 
Thank You everyone for the birthday wishes I had a great day ! Thank You ! 
Another year unfolds . New paths we have to tread . We wonder what life holds , in the brand new year ahead ? A new sunrise of Hope , Prosperity & Happiness .. A new beginning of Thoughts & Actions .. A new day of Energy , Strength & Ideas . My special wish for all is a blessing from God above to make this your happiest year filled with Joy , Peace & Love . HAPPY NEW YEAR MY FRIENDS ! 
I’m not perfect , you’re not perfect , nobody’s perfect . But , I'm ok and I'm on my way . 
I may not be the most beautiful or sexiest woman , nor do I have the perfect body . I may not be everybody ' s first choice , but I'm a great choice . I don't pretend to be someone I'm not , because I'm good at being me . I may not be proud of some things in my past , but I am proud of who I am today . So take me as I am , or watch me as I walk away . Post if you're proud of being you . Real women rock ! 
There is an alchemy in sorrow . It can be transmuted into wisdom , which , if it does not bring joy , can yet bring happiness . \ 
\ 
Parents think about their children day and night . Parents love their children in a way that they will never understand . Parents will be there for their children when no one else will . Parents would take a bullet , jump in front of a train or ask God to take them instead of their child . I know I would If you have a child you love as much as I love mine , post this as your status 
Love ' has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get - only with what you are expecting to give - which is everything . \ 
< PROPFEMALE > Hepburn 
??????????????? ??? ?? ?????????????????? \ 
? If you miss someone that's in heaven , put this as your status ! ? \ 
??????????????? ??? ?? ?????????????????? 
Never take the ones you love for granted . Forever isn't always as long as you might think . 
That sacrifice , Christ’s broken body , now calls us to be receive the crushing blows of life as a way for his fragrance to be released through us . Our crushed and drooping lives become a holy potpourri . Take a shattered heart , mix with a crushed spirit , intermingle with Christ’s oil of mercy , stir with his healing touch , and season with divine love . What a magnificent fragrance . -Patsy Clairmont ( All Cracked Up ) 
wants to be known as the person who could brighten your day , even when she couldn't brighten her own . 
banana 
