All I can say is WOW lol 

Mood pissed off had a good weekend but I can say is I didn't kno u was doin lik that u surprised me 
watching the whole sports world come down on lebron for no reason 
GO Yankees\ 
. 
Bored out of my mind 
watching the globetrotters on espn 
Remember the Titans 
Cant wait for the MLB all-star activities lol 
< PROPFIRST > Hart is Retarted 
Home run Derby starts in two hours cant wait for my tourney tommarow 
just waking up 
thinking about what's on my mind 
Really Annoyed With Life Right Now 
All i See is Graveyards , Poolhalls , And < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > 
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! IM Bored 
I'm on my new york shh hold my bag son ! 
DamnI Love Miami :] 
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! 
Future billionaire yea i gotta be on the list i got a runway in my pants cause models be on my d**k 
They Overdozin off my swgg put the whole got dam hood in rehab 
My Yankees are destroying the Angels 
Sometimes its u sometimes its me its always us one two one two forgive me ( Triple OG T . Rogers ) 
Nothin to do but watch baseball and i have no problem with that ! 
This jennifers body movie is crazy lol 
Man i feel like talking to my pops 
Start school shopping tommarow Yesssssssssssssss ! lol 
watching < PROPMALE > payne 
Ha Ha < PROPFIRST > just destroy that dude 
on the way to ATL school shopping 
LIFE IS A BEAUTIFUL THING 
Playing Wii Resort with my little cousins 
Enjoying my summer vacation and watching next Friday 
I'm feeling faded and x-rated its Mr nasty time 
watching repos dying laughing 
About to go watch the falcons training camp 
bout to hit downtown Atlanta time to get swag out lol 
damn this a ugly a ** baby eyes cocked like pistol 
like my status and I will tell u wat I think of u :) 
anybody else got skillman homeroom 
just had some of the best mini burgers ever 
bored out of mind somebody communicate with me lol 
dont u kno who i am im the juggernaut b*t*h 
charleston here I come 
passing summerville I'm back charleston west ash here I come 
Im back and settled in and now bored out of my mind 
Just got my ear pierced 
Real Worldddd 
< PROPFIRST > be jiggin < PROPFEMALE > he drunk lol 
Ready for school to start i am done with this summer lol 
anybody got skillman homeroom 
cooking dinner 
True Blood !!!!!!!!! 
we played on coach < PROPMALE>'s team like 3 or 4 years ago me you and < PROPFIRST > 
Dentist then got get a fresh cut 
Dentist then gotta get a fresh cut 
GTL supporting the GFF lol 
Well this sucks now i got to ride the school bus till september < PROPFEMALE > i get a car anybody wanna give me a ride to school tommarow i hate the bus lol 
Going to school had a good time at sertoma 
leavin miyabi's stuffed and sleeping happy bday mom lol 
True Blood ! 
you are boring me too death and ima already dead Ur boring back to death lol 
Dont know wat im going to do this weekend any suggestion or ideas ;) 
takers been sold out so I saw piranha 3-d that junk been live 
True Blood 
I Feel drained thanks school 
U are the best thing that i wish was mine .... 
i wanna ask you something so bad i just dont have the words to say it with 
Miami is straight draggin 
Winning isnt everything its the only thing ( < PROPMALE > Lombardi ) 
alright lets go floridaaaaaa ! 
Don't know how i feel yet my vision of u is murky 
Them Boise St jerseys are hard 
Jus got home from baseball practice and im tired 
bsaeball practice in an hour and a half and this apples and cinnmon oatmeal is so good ! 
Jus got home from church yawn work at 230 
just left my gam we lost but i went 1 for 3 but would rather hav won mount p on thursday 
On the way to mount p for my game i think im feeling a homerun ! 
when I see your face there's not a thing that I would change cause your amazing just the way u are 
just practiced from 9 to 12 man I'm tired but hey its Saturday ;) 
just left my game we came back and won in the bottom of the 7th ( walkoff ) i was 5 away from hitting a bomb out of west < PROPFEMALE > but i settled for a double 
Omg that grill cheese was so good lol 
just left my game we lost horribly but we just gotta play as a team lik I kno we can :/ 
grill cheese oh yes :) 
man I'm getting tired of losing . went 3 for 4 at wando south 
I got 132 friends online who wants to communicate lol :) 
Ok lets do this lol like my status an ine gon lie !!!! 
Life's good so im feelin great call me out of town shawty every week a different state 3 cell phones pennysylvania plates hold on hold on hold on hold on- Wiz 
Well Someone stole my ipod today so i hope who ever did it knows the password lol too bad im just gonna go buy another tomarrow its only 150 so good luck thief ha ha 
Really irriatated dont kno how i even gonna get to the fair tonight 
Bored sitten inside my dads store 
Gotta go Work for a couple hours then WIZ concert tonight 
Wiz is about to perform < PROPFIRST > GANG OR DIE HA HA 
Damn it feels good to be a < PROPFIRST > 
I like my p****y lil wetter my drinks a lil colder my girl a lil older with her hair past her shoulders like my weed a lil stronger my money lot longer if bloodin aint right then i couldnt be wronger ima bad motha f***a be very afraid -Weezy 
Just thinking about my life past present and future its been a hell of a ride but more to come ! 
Here we go INBOX me and i will answer to the best of my ability lol 
Hello people INbox im bored lol 
Q- Smash or pass ? \ 
A- Smash ! 
Q- Do u think im pretty ? \ 
A- Truthfully i think ur beautiful 
Really im gettin sleepy over cmon people INBOX Me keepum comin 
Q : TeeeeeJayyy do you love me ? Do you wanna give me money everyday for the rest of your life ? Do you think im pretty ? I think im pretty . But do you ? Are we bestfriends ? Do i annoy you ? Dont you think my hugs are the best ? Dont you ? Dont you ? hah ? Ohkayy I lovee youu TeeeeJayyyyy !!! A : yes i do , no money for u , yes i think ur pretty , um are we best friends idk maybe , u could step up ur hug game a little lol 
Q- wat was ur first impression when u first saw me\ 
A- Wow is girl is pretty 
Ok lets do it again INBOX me and ill answer 
Keep the questions coming 
Q- How did u become my granddaddy ? \ 
Y where u so surprised and fliped out when i told u hw old i wuz ?! \ 
A- i dont remember how i did , and i was surprised because u dont look like that age 
Lets go keep the questions coming INBOX 
Eating a grill chicken salad , and its so good lol 
The end to a crazy weekend saturday night changed my outlook on life forever but its all Good . 
I'M OUTCHA 
Im gettin real tired of certain people im just about start ignoring you , you'll see ! 
No matter how much I don't want to I gotta make some changes in my circle cause some people don't mean me no good 
Now im in ur house now im in ur soul now im everywhere that ur ipod goes , they say wat goes up must come down but dont let me fall ! B.o.B 
Bouta go eat thanksgiving dinner at my aunt's , just wanna thank god for this day and everybody i kno and hey ill be 16 in about 3 weeks life is good 
On < PROPFIRST > Island about to go fishing 
Just got finished fishing caught 2 spot tail basses 
Just bought my Wale ticket now I gotta buy something to wear 
Omg best night of my life im dancing with 23 year old woman right now ahhhhhhhhhhh ! 
Yes it is now proven this is officially the GREATEST night of my life for alot of different reasons I <3 Woman !!!!!!!! 
Henny for my niggaz champayne for hoes !!!! 
Aw man im tired bout to head in but bday in 4 days !!!!!! 
I'm tired but excited i turn 16 in a couple hours life is good !!!!! 
I wanna thank everybody for all my birthday wishes I got nuthin but love for yall 
R . I . P to my uncle < PROPFIRST > even though we never met we blood and thats makes us family i love u and i miss u Unc ( Rest in Peace ) 
Just got emails from washington , florida , and miami about baseball camps and visiting the facilities in the summer im exicited ! 
Off to this funeral R.i.p uncle < PROPFIRST > 
I think its time i settled down i think i want a girlfriend lol 
Wow man things got really messed up jus now i dont even kno wat to say 
I got a big headache man I HATE the Police 
jus drop my sister off in < PROPFEMALE > now I gotta drive back woo hoo lol 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everybody 
Welp doesnt look like im going to Atlanta 
Wats going on tonite hmu tryna hav some fun for new years 
I'm not ur daddy im ur grandpa !!!!! ha ha 
jersey shore oh yeah !!!!!!! 
Damn < PROPFIRST > jus steal off on < PROPFIRST > in the previews 
Wow Blind fury jus ripped that dude 
Wat to do today ? Thats is the question 
People say they understand me well they got the upper hand on me cause i dont even understand me ...... 
One day i want my own Nike BOOM campaign ! 
Finally my mom caved its time to get some tatoos 
Man im so HYPE for no reason right now lol 
Just finished volunteering at the orphanage in Orangeburg on the way home 
Well they jus found that guy dead in my neighborhood 
i Swear im about to snap in this house college hurry up 
Not going to the biggest game of the year 
Im so confused right now ....... 
on the block by myself went to jail one pillow case one bed no mattress u ever go night night nigga lol 
Well thanks rain my moring is ruined now i cant go take my test ....... this sucks 
Quick thought : < PROPFIRST > Brown is the truth 
well I can't see or send text messages so just call me if needed 
I enjoyed my < PROPFIRST>'s day it was pretty good ..... i think ima drivin to school tommarow no more waiting after track practice life's good !!!!! 
Off to < PROPFEMALE > beach tommarow for the game its gonna be < PROPFIRST > !!!!! lol 
Omg im bored tryna go to this game tonight hmu 
I swear only GOD knows why ......... 
Time for the all-star game 
BORED !!!.............. Hmu 
Gettin on that bus tommarow we finna be < PROPFIRST > goin to Lexington 
Time to go fishing 
Im tired of seein all this tar heel crap DUKE ALL DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Bored .... Tryna see wat ima today just gotta fresh cutt 
Hmm ready for school tommarow bored ...... hmu 
DUKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
She can < PROPMALE > she can sweep she can roll down to her knee lol 
just listen to < PROPMALE > miller new mixtape dis white boy go hard ha ha 
Tired just got home from track wat am i goin to do tonite my plans fell apart ....... 
Baby u can wear my hat ...... jus twist it to the back ... we drink ing out the bottle while u sittin on my lap # < PROPMALE > Miller 
Just had a cramp in both my legs at the same time thanks track practice lol 
At applebees and the waiter started telling my mom the drink specials and he looked at me too she was lik excuse me he's 16 and he was lik oh my bad lol ya boy movin up in the world 
There's not much i can say about Jimmer Fredette except did anybody just see him pull up and take A 40ft jumpshot hes the truth 
Today was .......... jus wow sittin at home bored wanted to go to the party but my curfew is 10 SMH 
< PROPFIRST > gang or let a squirrel hav babies in yo mout 
My mom just gave me the ok to get a tattoo so happy right now 
STREET LEGAL !!!!!!!! 
Bored got the whip hmu 
