In 2010 MAKE all your dreams come true , there is no big Secret , it is all up to you . Happy New Year to all those I know , those I will meet this year , and those I won't . Love . 

WOW !! 
Tomorrows Monday greatful to have a Job ! Not excited to get UP ! 
I wish I would have learnt to spell in school 
Going to work now , glad to have an income . 
Live with purpose ! 
It's Friday 
Good Day for a Nap ! 
Man it is Hot ! 
Go night Neverland ... 
Breathe deep the gathering gloom , watch lights fade from every room . Bedsitter people look back and lament , another day's useless energy spent . Impassioned lovers wrestle as one , lonely man cries for love and has none . Cold hearted orb rules the night 
Letting water out of the Pool to get ready to move . 
Time to go create more abundance . 
I Love you < PROPFEMALE > . See you later tonight when I get home . 
LIGHTS OUT !! 
Mostly moved into the new house , found computer and up and running again . 
Moving is a great weight lose program . 
Almost the weekend 
I wish all of you out there in FB land all of the best . 
Slept till 11:00 today , time off what to do , what to do ? 
Well it is time to go see the sandman . Good night . 
Another day an other dollar . 
Home at last from work , where is the bed ? 
I'm tired now , I think I'll go Home . 
A good restful Sunday 
Everything is beautiful . 
God works in mysterious ways . 
I wish that I had a job . But in today's world I have two , and I am grateful for that . 
Happy Birthday to My Little Wife . 
Going to watch am movie with the boys at home . 
I love slow Sundays 
I am so grateful for the abundant week that I am having this week . 
It's all about choices . 
It's all about choices , choose what works for you . 
I choose to go to bed now and have a great nights sleep . 
Money just keeps finding it's way to me . Thank you , thank you , thank you . 
Ya ! BYU !!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > my daughter had a baby boy yesterday . Way to go Kole ( Son-in-law ) 
Nothing to say !! 
I really like my new BlackBerry storm . I get FB updates all day long . 
Bed time Now !! 
Don't get to close , I am sick . 
ya BYU 
I am looking for a job if you know of something let me know . 
All Work and no FB makes < PROPMALE > a dull boy . 
Had everyone over for dinner . I was noisy buy fun . 
Good time to go to bed now . 
New picture because someone who loves me ask for it . This was a long time ago . 
Good hot bath this morning ... 
Just got home from getting the last thing , including a pizza for tonight . Hopefully home for the night now . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all , and to all a good night . 
Avatar the is the best movie I have ever seen . We went as a family . Hope everyone else had a great day . 
My little wife is amazing !!! Make chex mix be on FB and put up with me . I love you . 
Wishing everyone a better New Year in 2011 !! 
Look out world here I come ..... 
Just got back from the gym . Went with my best friend . Good work out . 
The day is over it has come to an end , it is time to say good night to all of my friends . 
Turn out the lights my friends and listen to the night . Listen till the morning sings and with it a new day sends . 
You know , You Know , It's off to work I go . It SUCKS It's Bad , but it's not the worst job I've ever had . 
Fixed < PROPFEMALE>'s car brakes . It is not easy in the cold , but now it is done and it is time for fun . 
Court is always fun !! 
Has anyone see the TV remote ... 
Starting Day 2 of the clease . 219.2 lbs . that's down more than 3 1/2 lbs . Been to the gym this morning and worked out for 40 < PROPFEMALE > . 
Day 3 Been to the gym . Down 3.5 lbs more today , new weight 216.4 lbs . 
If I could stand beside myself would I see me or maybe someone else . 
I need to go see my grand kids . 
Good workout at the gym , can't more my arms now . 
Sending Love and Joy to all on Valentines Day !! 
Good Day , Good Family , Good Kids , Good Wife , Good Life , Good Dinner , Good Night !! 
Down syndrome is not an illness because people with Down syndrome do not need medication to make them \better\ " . What they need is the right to be accepted by society the same as everyone else ... 93% of my friends will NOT copy this ... Will you be one of the 7% that does copy this and put it as your status ? ...... and le ... ave it ...... for at least one hour " 
Ok so I have been around for awhile , and it seems that the longer I am here the less I Know . 
Thanks to all for the Birthday wishes . It was a great day thanks to my wonderful wife , who I am very grateful for . 
If someone makes you feel bad and that was not their intention , who made you feel bad ? Them or yourself . Only you have the power to make yourself feel a certain way . 
To all my Farmville Friends . I am going to quit farming and get back to real life . I wish you all well . 
So I sprank Ahead this morning , now I'm ready to fall back into bed . Good night . 
For dinner it was , in a < PROPMALE > , GREEN !! Asparagus , spinich tortellini , toasted french bread with green garlic butter , lime coolaid , and green cupcakes . Thanks for the dinner and a life time of being with you , to my little wife < PROPFEMALE > . 
Happy Easter to all . Let peace fill your day , and this world . Amen . 
Had all the kids over for BBQ today , it was great . I love you all , look forward to doing it again . 
I tired , going to bed . 
Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today . - < PROPFIRST > Twain 
I like food and I can not lie , all you other brothers can't deny . 
Eating why to much today , but it is ok . I weighed in for the end of the golds gym 12 week challenge . Lost 20 lbs and 4% body fat in that time . Went from a 44 waist to a 40 . So I get to eat what I want and restart tomorrow . 
What a great day . 
is thinking about running through the house with scissors . :] 
Great day with the family , we went for a ride to Park City and just had a lot of fun together . 
Saving the world one banana at a time . 
Really loooong Day . 
The question is , what's on your mind ? I would have to have one for something to be on it . 
How you can see me ? 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United\ 
States of < PROPFEMALE > , and to the Republic for which it stands : one \ 
Nation under GOD , indivisible , With < PROPFEMALE > and Justice for all . REPOST\ 
IF YOU THINK OUR COUNTRY AND OUR FLAG DESERVE RESPECT ! Let's see \ 
how many < PROPFEMALE > ns will repost ? Thank you Troops ! 
Got Snow ? 
No katonka , ( thats buffalo for those who don't speak Indian ) . 
Grand kids are the greatest . 
BBQ + Favorit Shirt = < PROPFEMALE > does this come out or does it look ok anyway ? 
Happy Anniversary to my Little Wife , Can't imagine what my life would be like without you . Thanks for putting up with me for 28 years . I love you !! 
Happy Fathers Day to my Dad , you are a great example . 
What to write , what to write .... I got nothin ' . 
Ok , Ok I'm getting up . 
Your not the boss of me !! 
food is good 
I am married to the most amazing woman in the world , in some many ways . 
You are my favorite person in the world . 
No words . My oldest son < PROPMALE > was killed to day in a 4 wheeler accident hunting . I love you < PROPMALE > and will miss you . 
Thanks to everyone for your love and support over this past day . It has been a ruff one . Stay close to those you love . 
Services for My son < PROPMALE > Price are Thursday and Friday . Thursday the 9th a viewing from 6pm to 8pm , at Oplin Mortuary 494 South 300 East Pleasant Grove Utah . The Life Graduation will be on Friday the 10th at the Orem Northridge Stake Center 1674 North 200 West , Orem Utah . Viewing at 10 am . Ceremony starting at 11 am . Thank you everyone for you love and support . If you have any questions feel free to contact me . 
Services for My son \ 
< PROPMALE > Price are Thursday & Friday . Viewing Thursday from 6pm\ 
to 8pm , at Oplin Mortuary 494 South 300 East Pleasant Grove Utah . The \ 
Life Graduation will be on Friday the 10th at the Orem Northridge Stake \ 
Center 1674 North 200 West , Orem Utah . Viewing at 10 am . Ceremony \ 
starting at 11 am . Thank you everyone for you love and support . If you \ 
have any questions feel free to contact me . 
UN-APOLOGETICAMERICAN :\ 
\I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of < PROPFEMALE > and to\ 
Starting a new week . Last week was one long day . 
I love all of you 
I am missing < PROPMALE > tonight . I would have loved to have one of our late night talks . 
Time to go to work , bummed . 
Is looking forward to spending the weekend with Best friend in the world , < PROPFEMALE > . 
Out for the weekend with my < PROPFEMALE > . You all take care see you next week . 
Why am I up so late , I am tired ? 
Go Fish ! 
I can't believe that it has been 2 months ago today that < PROPMALE > left . Sometimes it feels like a lifetime ago and others like yesterday . I love you son . 
As I look at my life today , I ask just one question . \Where's The BEEF !! \"" 
In case anyone wants to know , I AM ... 
Hey ! I'm creating here . 
Thankful for Turkeys , everyone have a great day . 
Turkey , Grand kids , Nap ( 2hours ) , Pie . Now going to sit down and watch a movie , prefect day . 
Go GO GO BYU !!!! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , December 6 , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories . This is for a campaign against violence on children . Pass it on ... 
Let's see who is paying attention . Every single one of you are on my friends list as a result of a conscious decision . I wanted you there ! I am not only glad to count you as friends , but also family . Let's see who on my friends list actually pays attention . Copy & paste this as your status . I'll be watching to see who really does < PROPFEMALE > family & friendship . Thank you for being part of my life !! 
Peace on earth , good will to all men kind . 
Last day I have to work this week . YES ! 
Children today , so impatient . Can't even wait for they day the should be born . Welcome to the world Hallee newest Grand daughter born today at 3:14 , six weeks early but doing fine . Way to go baby momma Mckenna , I love you both . 
Crap ! Can't find the pixie dust and I have forgotten how to fly . 
The fastest way for me to get to a new-and-improved situation is to be at peace with my current situation . 
AOCDRNDICG TO RSCHEEARCH AT CMABRIGDE UINERVTISY , IT DSENO'T MTAETR WAHT OERDR THE LTTERES IN A WROD ARE , THE OLNY IPROAMTNT TIHNG IS TAHT THE FRSIT AND LSAT LTTEER BE IN THE RGHIT PCLAE . TIHS IS BCUSEAE THE HUAMN MNID DEOS NOT RAED ERVEY LTETER BY ISTLEF , BUT THE WROD AS A WLOHE . IF YOU CAN RAED TIHS , PSOT IT TO YUOR WLAL . ...... OLNY 55% OF PLEPOE CAN ! I was one of the 55 that could do it ! 
So I'm listening to music today and now I have a question . \Who did let the dogs out ? \"" 
I like the night life , I like to boogie . 
Does this thing work 
Best Sunday nap in a long time , took it with the newest grand-daughter . 
If you love me , comment on this status . \ 
If you think I'm a good friend , like this status . \ 
If you have ever had a crush on me , poke me . \ 
If you hate me , message me and tell me why . \ 
If your not scared , post this as your status 
Life is the journey not the destination . 
I am wishing that I could be home with the ones I love , but I am at work because I love them . 
If you can't control yourself you don't try to control me . This may help . Learn to control your < PROPFEMALE > to control me , then well will get along just fine . 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes , I felt very loved . 
WHO ARE YOU ? 
Be who you is >>> 
12 hrs at work today long , long , long day . 
What a world , what a world . 
Welcome to the first day of spring , be sure and wear your coat it's cool out there . 
What is Love ? Tell me what you think love is , not romantic love , real love . 
