Happy New Year ! 

\Common Cold\ " How Fun ... [ Cough Cough Wheeze ] " 
Feeling much better . Watching the storms , now ... 
This morning's rehearsal , at the church , caught the attention of this little guy . He cupped his hands around his eyes and peered into the gymatorium . Seeing me cleaning the glass and tending other things , he turned and asked ... \How much do we have to pay " 
Doh ! Intermittent internet ... 
Still recovering from last weeks cold . I hope to stop coughing soon . 
Great night so far at the Yellow Box ! 
Great series at the Yellow Box ! 
And now < PROPFIRST > Mays ??? WTF !??? 
Adding to my list of scare tactics . [ Evil laughter ... ] 
Don't sweat the petty things ... And don't pet the sweaty things . 
OK , my truck is going into the shop . Fixing a locked up brake , AC refresh , and other generic tune up stuff . 
LOL Looking forward to the book \You Need Wrists to do That ! \ " by < PROPMALE > S . " 
NOTE : I have not challenged anyone to anything on FB . At least within the past month or two . If an app says I did , I did not . I may have used some shovel-ware app . And now it's using my name to get you to play , also . I repeat ... I have NOT challenged you . 
Is wanting to devote more time to his skills , and restructure his resume / portfolio . 
Why are my friend suggestions crowded with people I never met ? I'm finding a few friends though ... 
Going to Texas for the weekend ! Leaving very early today ... 
Hypnotism- In Grapevine , Texas ... More on this later . 
is now a hypnotherapist . And I will gladly demonstrate this new skill when I have the < PROPMALE > ... 
Also listening to NPR broadcast of Newport Jazz Fest . Gonna be off to worship night , soon . 
Long day yesterday , lazy day today . Nice ! 
Meteor shower the next few nights . 
I don't know which amuses me more . An awful quiz that says I'm 100% evil , or friends that are trying to convince me that I'm not evil at all . LOL I didn't need a quiz to tell me that ! 
It's time to put on your 3D glasses ! ? Doo Lah Doo ? Doo Lah Doo ? Doo Lah Doo ? [ transition to groovy ] 
Thank God for friends ! 
Just got back from a long day at a business seminar . Dr. < PROPFIRST > Schuller , < PROPFIRST > Giuliani , < PROPMALE > Forbes , and Zig Ziglar , among others , spoke to us , live , about their secrets of successful leadership . And they called upon us to take action in these tough economic times . Very exciting ! 
Might have to school someone on the differences of pentacle and pentagram symbols . Symbol quiz shows my result as pentagram . But shows a pentacle symbol . 
I'm having another lapse in creativity . But this time shall quickly pass , also . 
Faboo ! Lazy Saturday . Yellow Box tomorrow . 
Procrastination is one of my favorite words ... When it comes to typing it , I feel like waiting and typing it later . 
Parents , the nut never falls far from the tree . Chances are great that your precious-little-nose picker is just as dumb as you are . If you can't handle your kids possibly learning something from the president ... How can you handle sending them to a school system that's considerably outdated ? 
Had a good time at CCC's 20 year celebration . Despite feeling lousy . I'm not a morning person at all ... And they made me throw away a perfectly good cup of coffee . Didn't they realize that's a hazard to their health ? 
Thanks for the Birthday wishes ! 
Here's the 401 on the Woody T.G.I.F promo .... If Woody gets 500,000 fans on FB , By Sept 30th , all his fans get a free burger . [ Sorry vegetarians . ;-P ] Add him as a friend , then register on his register tab to get a coupon when his fans hit that # . 
I don't have the million-dollar-idea ... But I have a million one-dollar-ideas ! 
- Insert something witty here . 
I'm going to get a haircut , soon . Any suggestions ? Styles ? 
Gonna get ready for CTJ and \To Write Love on Her Arms\ " event ... As far as I know I'm running lights tonight . " 
\You are God's masterpiece . \"" 
Got my haircut today . Looks good ! But I don't have any good pics , yet . 
Dock Dock < Guess the bad pun ... 
Congrats on the peace prize , Obama ! For all the good deeds people are over looking . 
Had fun at my brother < PROPMALE>'s and < PROPFEMALE>'s place . My neices are growing like weeds , and their hair color has changed ... LOL 
Crazy7 ! 
Just finished off a < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST>'s Gargantuan ... Didn't realize I was that hungry ! 
I'm a bit more privy to this ploy than you may know . People think they are helping , but its just drawing these two apart . For now , can we play a different game instead ? Parcheesi anyone ? 
Is watching \Dexter \"..." 
Remember , remember the fifth of November , The gunpowder treason and plot , I know of no reason Why the gunpowder treason Should ever be forgot ... 
Sorry for the late notice on this ... But there will be a lighting workshop of sorts in the Icon Theatre [ Naperville Yellow Box ] .... Friday after Artist Community at 7pm . Come if you want to learn about the lighting in the Icon Theatre . 
\Never settle for anything less than your dreams ! \"" 
Looks like I did good on video at the Yellow Box , this weekend . Even though < PROPMALE > Sutherland was trying to psych me out ... Pan left , no right , left , right , right , left ! LOL Thanks for keeping things interesting . 
All I know so far , from the check up , is that I got high blood pressure and a slow heart ... Just waiting for the blood work . 
Just heard back from the doctor ... Everything in the blood work seems to be normal . [ Except for glucose , which I knew allready . ] 
Cool day today ... Got to see < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Barncord stand on her \two legs\ " . Would have seen her walk on those prostheses ... But they needed more work . " 
My sleep patterns are crazy right now ... Going to sleep way too early , and getting up way too early . And I'm usualy a night owl . 
Cass just thought I said Penis za ! What ? Where's your mind at ? 
Did not get to take a nap . Cause I'm too awake ... It's gonna be a long day . Cutting tickets for Epic , then my \day job\ " tonight . " 
Glad that I had work off today . And that I could stay away from the Yellow Box ... I've been seeing a little too much of the church lately . 
In case you are wondering where I am ... Cause I'm not cleaning at the Yellow Box this morning . It's my parent's 34th anniversary . And we are all going out to celebrate . 
Had a good time at the show . But still had to nick-pick and critique it .... These habbits die hard . 
Fool me once , shame on you ... Fool me twice , shame on me ... Fool me three times- Aww Fudge ! 
Today I'm thankful , that I'm not a turkey ... Happy Thanksgiving ! 
Pork roast is cooking and it smells delicious . Food network is on in the background . Everyone is talking food online . And despite a slice of good pumpkin pie earlier ... I'm starving ! 
Going to be video mixing at the Yellow Box , tonight . See ya there ! 
I'm the computer geek in the fam ... Which means I'm sick of fixing them . 
Eating Pop Rocks ! I have not had theese in years ... 
put this on your < PROPFEMALE > if you know someone who has or has had cancer ..... Dear God I pray for the cure of cancer ..... 93% won't copy and paste this .... will you ? I did 
\Dexter\ " Season 4 finale ... No . No . WTF ?! Fing No ! " 
Going to be cameraman at the Yellow Box , tonight ... 
My cell phone will be \off\ " for a at least the rest of the week . " 
That's just great ... Got in a wreck , heading to work this morning . My truck has some damage to a non essential fender . But the other car ... OUCH ! That's gonna cost me . And I could not get away without getting a ticket for \going too fast for conditions \"." 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas , and Happy Holidays ! 
It's been a long evening ... And as I aproached my apartment , I would have hoped to hear a jolly St. < PROPMALE > exclaim \Merry Christmas ! And to all a good night ! \ " ... Instead I hear a child cry out \ " There is no < PROPFEMALE > Clause ! I Fing knew it ! \ " ... Good grief . " 
Been sick with a cold the past few days . Hope to be back to work in the morning . Ordered my new cell phone today ... So it should be here by the end of the year . 
Still sick ... Hit my alarm clock this morning and slept half the day away . For work , I got some explaining to do ... Probably will not make it to C the J tonite . 
Happy New Year ! And 01/01/11 ... I pretty much missed it . I was out of town . So I did not party , and I did not < PROPFEMALE > n get to work through it like I usually do . In fact I don't know if I < PROPFEMALE > r really celebrated a new years < PROPFEMALE > . I guess there's always next year . 
< PROPFEMALE > Fiuren is awesome ! Though i think that her sisters are hotter and told her so . I cannot figure out why my arm hurts so bad .... 
Just before Christmas I got into a wreck ... Since then , my truck started to wobble on the front end . Today , I had it serviced ... I worried that the shaking would be a < PROPMALE > problem and expensive . Thankfully , I just needed to replace a tire . The mechanic found that the tire was falling apart inside . 
I feel funny ... Do I look funny ? 
Getting ready to leave work with < PROPFEMALE > , Shes D . Jing the trip home with her music ... A little nervous about the hair song ... But < PROPFEMALE > is awesome and has the best taste in music ever , so it should be the most awesome car ride home ! I like horses ! 
Going to watch the last episode of \The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien\ " ... " 
About to go be tech at Celebrate the Journey , again . Winter Season begins ! 
Going to work ... Crossing my fingers that it's an \easy\ " day . " 
More work ... 
< PROPFIRST > 
Picked up some free 3D glasses for the Grammy's MJ tribute , tonight . [ RED / CYAN ] I'm a sucker for 3D stuff . 
IT'S BROTHER/SISTER WEEK !!! Everyone change your profile pic to a picture of you with your brother or sister or both ! Picture can be from when you were young or a current one ! Copy and paste this , and lets see how many people love their siblings !!!! 
C the J tonight ... 
I like when someone asks me to correct an audio problem ... Only to find that all the audio is panned right . Easy fix ! 
Had fun spending the night with the Egelands . Playing vidoeo games with \Jay\ " is a blast . Also stopped by an < PROPMALE > supply store to pick up a few drawing needs . " 
Happy < PROPFIRST>'s Day ! --- I was going to post this to most of my friends . But gave up after just a few ... lol 
OK V Day is over ... But that does not mean you should stop spreading the love . Love ya all ! [ Except for you ... You know what ya did ! GRRRR ] :D 
Mad crapper strikes again ! Someone is taking a dump on the men's room floor at the YB ... 
Sorry guys . It seems this \I ? Facebook\ " thing is sending notices to everyone about me checking relationships . Which I'm not . " 
< PROPFEMALE > Fiuren has a pain in the neck . And this time it's not me ... 
Another cool - awesome - random status update , coming soon ! 
If you are looking forward to that cool - awesome - random status update ... This is not it ! 
- facebook , will you please stop trying to \auto tag\ " and send my photos to an event < PROPFEMALE >..." 
Are we having fun yet ??? 
I'm sick , and down for the count . Stomache flu ... * GROAN * 
Feeling much better today . Just trying to get my energy back ... 
Great ... Now my dad and brother are sick . :( 
\Only children and imbiciles consider love to be a game . \"" 
Gotta remember that we all lose an hour tonight . Spring forward . 
Another sick day . Wishing the common cold was not as common .... 
A couple friends from Eureka Springs , AR , and their families are in need of prayer at this time ... The couple , to remain anonymous , have been attacked by a troubled individual . Both are last reported to be in critical condition . Thanks , and blessings to all of you . 
It's been a long day at the Yellow Box . 5 hr work shift at 8 in the morning . Then fixing and building platforms at 1 . Light op for C the J , 5:30 ... Back to painting , 8ish ... Home for dinner at 10:30 . G ' nite everybody ! 
Are we having fun , yet ? ;) 
I tried being myself . As usual , I stepped on a few toes . And I stuck my foot deep into my mouth . It's going to take some time to make amends . But at least , I will try . Unfortunately , I doubt I will ever get the same treatment from those that have harmed me . As it goes , I just gotta take it one day at a time . Thanks for your < PROPFEMALE > . 
Why so angry ? I really don't understand . There's been no fight , no war , no hidden agenda . Yet you create this notion in your head , that I'm the enemy . I'm sorry that you think this friendship had to end . But I don't know what else to be sorry for . 
Early this morning , I thought it was Teusday . I was so looking forward to tech work at Celebrate the Journey ( Yellow Box ) ... That was until I realised today was Monday . 
It's now Tuesday . And I'm not mistaken this time . 
Yesterday's adventure . I followed < PROPMALE > in my truck , to return our brother's car in < PROPMALE > , IL . Found out we had a flat on the truck just as we were about to leave < PROPMALE > . 20 minutes of changing the tire and taking care of other things , we were on the road again . Thank goodness for the people that pointed it out to us . 
My belt broke ... Dockery's britches falling down ! Falling down ... ???? 
Online , I find people I have met but failed to network with . I now wish I had networked more . Gotta learn the hard way , from my mistakes . 
It's hug an actor , tech , theatre geek day , today . And for those keeping count , seven more days ... 
Searching for info about what happened to my NorthArk drama professor , R.E. < PROPMALE > . All I see is that he retired in 2003 . 
5 More days ... Other friends at work get emotional when I tell them that I'm leaving on Friday . Getting laid-off sucks . But everything else is looking up . 
4 more days ... Yippie Kayeah __________ !!! [ That one is for < PROPFEMALE > Davidson ... ;) ] 
Three days ... Lamecore ! 
Two days ... Im running out of witty things to say ! ( Courtesy chuckle . Sigh ) 
Last day ... But it's not the end ... 
OK ... I'm taking this weekend off . I'm going to be away from church . I've been running errands all day and looking forward to a somewhat lazy evening . 
Double duty . Light board Op at C the J , and set the mix . Cause sound guy was late . We'll let him slide this time . After all , this is vo ... 
-volunteering at a church . 
Just realized that , due to some tech difficulties , his last status told part of the story and not all of the ... 
Watching American Idol Finale ... 
Overheard In The Live Truck - The American Idol Finale parties look like remotant parties . 
Seems like everyone in the Ozarks are floating the rivers today ... 
Girls ! ;-) Hey now Facebook , don't judge me ! You're the one with all the pictures ... 
Got drenched in \the storm of 2010\ " while running errands ... Had a minor computer problem this evening . So I ripped my computer apart and made things worse . Now I'm getting things back in order . " 
More computer problems . Yaaaa ! 
I would dare to say this computer is back in order .... But I don't wanna jinx myself . 
Friday was a long day ... Helping friends move , a wedding , then the reception . The reception ... Now that was a party ! I have more pics to upload , soon . 
Was not able to make it to church , today . Hope to be there tomorrow . And the wedding pics are taking much longer to upload than expected . 
Feeling a bit lethargic this morning . Must be the weather . [ Yawn ] 
Now\ 
slightly toasted . \ 
Spent hours swimming with J . \ 
Sunburn go away . 
Celebrate the Journey ( Yellow Box ) tonight . : \ 
Apprentice searching . \ 
C the J needs more tech crew . \ 
Ask us at tech booth . 
I gotta get out of this place ... Sometime this weekend . 
Faboo ! 
The Doc ' is in ... 
Children\ 
with Special Needs don't have an illness , so there is no cure and it's not\ 
contagious . They want what we all want - to be accepted . Most of you\ 
probably won't copy and paste this ... but will you do it and leave it on\ 
your status for at least an hour- HEY LOOK A SQUIRREL !!! OMGBBQ111 ! 
My weekly tech work at Celebrate the Journey ( Yellow Box ) , tonight ... And as usual , you are invited . Still looking for tech apprentice volunteers . 
My Face book is messed up right now . No messages , no chat , and random status messages from a week or two ago . 
Computer got a virus and XP won't boot ... Thankful for my Kubuntu dual boot . Trying to see what I can do from here . 
Listening to Lock , Stock & Barrel's album \Time's Up\ " . Very good country rock . You should check them out ! " 
Glad that I got to see my grandparents , yesterday . It's been a long time since I've last seen them . 
Finally fixed my computer , and have XP running . I could only do so much in Linux . Now I can finish some of these projects . 
Looks like I'm missing some files on my backup disks . FUDGE ! Except I didn't say fudge ... 
I'm slated to give my testimony at Celebrate the Journey on Tuesday , September 7th 7PM . Icon Theatre , Yellow Box . - Speaking of theatre ... I'm interviewing for a tech position with a theatre group in Naperville , Tomorrow . Knock on wood ! 
Taking today to recover from the sunburn I got yesterday . Tech geeks should not be out in the sun that long . The interview went well . I hope to join the crew of Storefront Shakespeare very soon . 
Just watched the finale of \Persons Unknown\ " . Our favorite show of the summer . It's about some abducted people being dropped into a social experiment while being watched by a \ " big brother\ " group . The last episode made my head hurt . Then we switched to Big Brother . They are all wearing sock puppets as punishment . Puppets ! :-D " 
I'm wondering how many posts will happen if I sync all of my accounts together . 
Listening to some of my favorite music this morning . < PROPFEMALE > Haltigan and the Hooligans , Dilana , Sideshow Tramps , Wolfgang < PROPMALE > , and a few more . 
Woke up to find my computer dead . The CPU fan seized . Got a new fan . So far it's working better than the last . Computers ... It's one thing or another . 
Another year older ... 
For\ 
those few that are about to wish me a happy birthday ... You are still \ 
invited to come witness my testimony tonight . 7pm at the Yellow Box . 
Labels are for soup cans ... ;-) 
If ya got a money making event post from me , I did not send it . I repeat , I did not send it ! 
IMPORTANT : FaceBook Worm propagating thru FaceBook events ... Remove and delete anything about making money and free macbooks that ya got . That's the worm / virus . 
You are not as worthless as people label you .. Shed the labels that have been maliciously sent your way . Labels are for soup cans ! 
C the J tonight ... Which reminds me I've got some light fixing to do . Our memory < PROPFEMALE > is a mess . 
Sometimes , I wonder if I should remind people that I'm no psychiatrist . And other times , I wonder if I should < PROPMALE > these people . Listening is something I do well ... 
Last night was opening night . I forgot how performing continuously for a few hours at night makes ya feel < PROPMALE > over the next day . Having fun , though . 
Today only ! Sunday 10 / 03 ... Save $5 on Midnight Massacre Haunted House admission when you mention my name at the box office ! 
Tonight only , you can save $5 on admission at Midnight Massacre Haunted House . That's $15 Admission . No fliers to print ... Just tell them that Dock sent ya ! 
It's one busy week . 
Some \last minute\ " audio editing ... " 
What a day ... My new headset broke while I was editing audio . It just crumbled and fell off of my head . Finally got the editing done using another headset . Soon I'll be heading out to haunt this wicked fun-house . I will be out of town for a gig tomorrow . 
We performed a big show , Friday . The audience was very excited . We freaked their freak . Some encore magic was performed . Birthday Girl said it was the best magic show she had ever seen . Laffalooza Family Entertainment Productions Book Laffalooza Magic Theatre for your event or party . 
Will be creeping people out at Midnight Massacre Haunted House ... I know , I creep people out all the time . But at least it's socially acceptable there . 
Come see what haunts the halls of Midnight Massacre Haunted House ... \ 
[ These shameless plugs will end soon . ] 
- For the haunt , I've been letting my fingernails grow . [ And some of ya know that I've been wearing nail polish . ] Last night I broke a nail . So , I clipped them all to help obscure the broken nail . The < PROPFEMALE > broken piece , that is still hanging there , is quite annoying though . 
Happy Halloween ! It's the last night to visit Midnight Massacre Haunted House ... 
It's a new season ... Time for my next projects ... 
Has been drinking copious amounts of hot cocoa ... 
Random thought while tearing open a sweetener packet . Polaroid put out a notice that you should not \ ? shake it like a Polaroid photo ? \ " . Because shaking their photos can cause defects in the image . Maybe the song should have been shake it like a sweetener packet . No . It does not have the same ring to it ... " 
If I knew MySpace would delete all of the comments on my profile . I would have tried to figure out a way to back them up . 
In the middle of site designing . Hope to post a sneak peek soon . 
Have a Happy Thanksgiving , everyone ! It looks like I will be going to my brother's for dinner , tomorrow . 
Thanksgiving part two . No , not left overs . The meal my Mom did not get to cook yesterday ... 
Looks like I will own this smart phone by next week . 
celebrate the journey at YB tonight . 
I've been quite lethargic , today . Must be the weather . 
Change\ 
your profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal is to \ 
not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight \ 
against child abuse ! Copy & paste to your status to invite your \ 
friends to do the same :) 
Now that it's the 6th ... I'm changing my profile pic to a cartoon character costume from my childhood . 
Now that I've upgraded my profile , I decided to change my relationship setting back to single . it did not take long for the online dating adds to show . I'm not interested in finding a mate thru an online dating service . 
Happy and safe Holidays to all of you ! 
Just got back home from watching TRON 3D . 
Well that was an interesting three-hour tour . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas ! 
Facebook a little buggy right now . What else is new ? 
Pay it forward 2011 : I promise to send something handmade to the first 5 people who leave a comment here . However , to be eligible , you must repost this status , offering the same thing to 5 other people . The rules are that it must be handmade by you and it must be sent to your 5 people sometime in 2011 . Ready , set , GO ! 
Time is going by fast , today . 
Since this year seemed to have a rough start . My new year officially starts this week . 
I believe we are still looking for a performance location for Storefront Shakespeare ... Anyone know of a location near Naperville that can negotiate with the company , or a short term lease ? Please let us know . 
I really don't mind people stealing my status updates . Even those people who don't talk to me or never comment 1 status . That's fine . Just a warning though , I lick every status before posting . So , have fun with that .. [ LOL I stole this from < PROPFEMALE > Davidson . ] 
Attending my Mother's high school reunion with my parrents . 
I can help ze bears ... I knows kungs-fooling-you . I killz with my bear hands ! 
Well that was something ... :-P 
Just visited MySpace to see what dire straits it was in . Everybody is talking about facebook on there . 
My truck was not covered in snow due to the wind . So I do not need to scrape much snow off . However , it can not get anywhere soon . Because it is surrounded by 2-3 ft of snow . 
Got the truck moved ... So I should be able to get around now . 
< PROPMALE>'s World ! Party time ! Excellent ! 
I can't say anything or THEY will find me ... 
Tech week rehearsals ... Need I say more ? 
Storefront Shakespeare Opening night for \As You Like It\ " Bollywood Style ! Located at the Yellow Box in Naperville . Tickets $10 ... " 
Oops , the website went down . Server change ! Bah ! 
Happy Singles Awareness Day ... [ The markup on < PROPFEMALE > ends tomorrow . ] 
Caught the cold , yesterday . Waiting for my friends to get back so I can go home and rest . havinglungsfullasnot'snotfunatall blargh stupid scourge . 
Tonight is industry night for \As You Like It\ " ... 8pm\ 
Windows keeps crashing today . I'm on Ubuntu at the moment investigating the cause . It's either my net phone or the firefox beta I've been running . Looks like hardware driver troubles . 
Sitting five feet from an air compressor with a flat tire . It's not my night ... 
Japan had a < PROPMALE > earthquake tonight . I'm perplexed cause I'm having < PROPFEMALE > vu . Like I heard about the earthquake early Thursday or something . Maybe a premonition . Lots of live heart-wrenching footage right now . 
Feel like I lost an hour somewhere ... Well ? What else is new ? 
About to be going to Celebrate the Journey ( Yellow Box ) ... For tech crew . Service is at 7pm . 
I don't get out much ... I need to fix that . 
Unflattering picture week , already ? It will be up there soon . 
Faulty driver leading to an OS repair = no fun ... Well , maybe a little . 
Now our internet is on the < PROPMALE > . But we have that covered for now . ;-) 
If you get a post that someone likes a certain Italian video . They did not . Seems to be a bug going around . 
Late night snack ... PB&J on toast ! Yum ! ?? Peanut Butter Jelly ! Peanut Butter Jelly ! ?? 
Internet is still on the < PROPMALE > ... Glad I have free WiFi from the McD's , next door ... 
You can't fool me that easily ... You're calling me with a recording that requests me to call you back ??? This call is not as important as the recording claims . 
Got a lot to do tomorrow . The 31st ... Going to be launching the beta of a big project on Friday . More on that , after I catch some ZzZzZzs .... 
I was just outside for a bit ... Practicing some cloud busting . If ya notice any of the small clouds slowly vanishing , let me know . ;) 
I consider my friends to be family . \ 
Reply : \But Dock 
