Happy New Year to everyone !! 

rockband !! 
All that I'm after is a life full of laughter , as long as I'm laughing with you 
:-) & hearts ; 
goin to the Y ! Hopefull will get a good tan today 8-) 
Finally Friday !!!! Work til 6 .. fireworks later !! wooo 
no work , enjoying the sunshine , fireworks later .... lovin friday !! 
metropark fireworks !!! :-) 
Happy 4th of July !! :-p 
still sick :-/ ... prolly napping all day 
wants to go up north 
hittin up wyandotte street fair with sis for a bit :-p 
i love naps :) 
packing for camping this weekend !! 
workin til 11 .. then goin camping in the morn for the weekenddd !! :-D 
< PROPMALE > county fair ! :) 
bonfire tonight with my favorite peeps :) 
work , then bdubs later ! 
day not off to good start :-( 
dentist , workout , errands ... then who knows ! 
laying out 8-) 
wish school was over already lol 
ouuuttt ! 
with my love :) .. then going to a corn maze later with some sweet ppl ! :-p 
gym time ! 
soooo sleepy 
work til 6 then hangin with my man :) 
You make me smile like the sun Fall out of bed , sing like bird Dizzy in my head , spin like a record Crazy on a Sunday night You make me dance like a fool Forget how to breathe Shine like gold , buzz like a < PROPFEMALE > Just the thought of you can drive me wild Ohh , you make me smile 
going to cook an amaazaaazing dinner :-) 
cousin's wedding reception 
gym , runnin a few errands , writing a paper , then working 3-6 ... bussssy day ! 
is my 22nd birthday !!! :-O :-D woooo im gettin old :-p 
thanks everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes ! :-] 
studying the night awayyy :( 
out to lunch with my grams :) 
showering after a good sweaty workout :-p ... then trying to start writing my 9 paragraph paper thats due tomorrow .. fun stuff 
school , work , then time with my man :) 
pumpkin carving ! :) 
work til 6 , getting ready then going to a halloween party !! :-) 
watchin napolean dynamite haha and homeworkin it :-p 
homework , of course 
workout , library , work 
called into work early today .. there til 6 :-p .. then workout and relaxin :) 
relaxinggg ... i love sundays :) 
working 9-6 
going to see new < PROPFEMALE > tonight !!! 
I am so thankful to share the day with all the amazing , wonderful people in my life :) Happy Thanksgiving ! 
feeling exhausted from sickness :( ... ugggh 
its snowinggg ! :) 
two tests today .. yuckkkk :/ 
shower , scrapbooking , and watching elf :) 
last final today !!! wooooo :) 
i love sleeping in and not worrying about h/w class or anything to do with school right now :) 
baking christmas cookies :) 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS :) 
movies , then new years party tonight at my aunts :-) 
Wishing everyone a happy , healthy new year ! 
white and pink ! :-P 
being lazy :-P its what sundays are for ! 
workout :) 
bootcamp class kicked my buuuutt ! so sore today :-/ 
hmmm i wonder what celebrity i look like lol ... 
hittin up gym for workout even tho im still soooo sore ... we'll see how that goes lol 
homework/cake boss :-P 
1 year !! :) so amazing & hearts ; 
relaxin and making a yummy lasagna dinner with my babes :) and having a delicious glass of strawberry wine ! :-P 
off to schooool , test today :-/ .. done at 12 then workout after ! 
Going to see Dear < PROPFIRST > tonight ! So excited ! :) 
Suuuuperbowl party ! 
facebook has changed things yet AGAIN ... geez 
doing p90x !!!! 
no class today !!! :) 
spending the day with my < PROPFIRST > :) 
siiiick :-/ 
i wanna get bettterrrr :( 
enjoying today :) 
lots to do todaaaay .. classes , running errands , workout , then homeworkin it :P 
doing homework all day . yuck . but at least i get to spend it with my love ! :) 
its such a beautiful day out i love it !!!!! 
dinner and hangin with my besties :) 
out to lunch with grams :) 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! :-) 
This beautiful weather and longer daylight makes me so happy !! :) 
I think I'm going to wear flip flops today , exciting ! 
Today is officially the first day of spring ! 
ohhhh TGIF !!!! 
Bra colors made FaceBook news BUT WILL THIS ? Let's support our FIREFIGHTERS , EMTS AND POLICE OFFICERS . If you support our FIREFIGHTERS , EMTS and POLICE OFFICERS then please post this on your status and leave it there for one hour . There should be no excuses from anyone !! This ... should appear in everyone's status !!!! ............... God bless our FIREFIGHTERS , EMTS and POLICE OFFICERS !! 
Its gonna be a GOOD friday ! 8-) 
Happy Easter !!! Spending the day with the fams :-) 
Bonfizzzire ! 
going to take an exammm :-/ , class , workout , and then hangin with my love :) hopin for another beautiful day today !!! 
Had a great Friday :) 
off to < PROPFIRST > for the day to see < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPMALE > show :) 
going for a bike ride and enjoying this sunshine 8-) 
laying out 8-) so maybe i'll get some color 
TGIF ! :) hittin up the gym the who knows ! 
long day at work , im exhausted !!! 
Make that 6-1 , heck yeah wings !!!! 
last 2 finals today then DONE !!!! SOOOO HAPPY :) 
ohhhh friday how i love you :) 
yay ! going to see my love :) 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommies out there ! :-P 
so excited for the hoedown this weekend :) 
hoedown tonight :) yeah yeah yeahhhh 
church , then hoedown all day 8-) 
working another loooong day ... :-/ im exhausted already ! 
Going to see Shrek 3 tonight haha wooo cz im cool like that 
< PROPFIRST > is da man ! 
going on a picnic with my love on this beauuuutiful day ! :-) 
Enjoying the last day of a really great weekend !! :-) 
I have the most amazing boyfriend and love him so much !!! :) 
had a great long weekend , although not long enough :( ... its back to work today 
Preschool graduation at work ! awww kinda sad :( 
going to Battle Creek for the day to help < PROPFEMALE > move into her new apartment !!! 
ohhhh its good to be friday !!! 
If I knew what I was doing , I'd be doing it right now . And I would be the best damn poet ; Silver words out of my mouth . My words might not be magic , But they cut straight to the truth . So if you need a lover and a friend , Baby , I'm in \ 
\ 
love that song ! 
Breakfast at IHOP ! :) Yummmm 
probably just having a relaxing day with the fam :-P .. but first gettin a good workout in cz I need some energyyyy 
going to see my love since he's back from camping ! yay ! :) 
Officially the first day of summer ! 8-) 
orientation at U of M Dearborn 
laying out in the sunshine 8-) 
working all day then babysitting ... at least its friday ! :-] 
Oh I love the way you Love the way you love Me , There's nowhere else I'd rather be oh to feel the way I feel with your arms around me . ? 
work until 6 then going to the metropark fireworks later :-) Looking forward to this long weekend ! 
Happy 4th of July !! :-P 
had such an awesome looong weekend :-) 
yuck , gonna be a hot day :/ .. wish i could be swimming !! 
so excited for the weekend !.. working til 6 , then dinner with the fam and going to see < PROPFEMALE > tomorrow ! :-) 
What a great weekend :) but I'm exhausted 
attempting to bake a pineapple upsidedown cake ... 
Be a best friend , tell the truth , and overuse I Love You . Go to work , do your best , don't outsmart your common sense . Never let your prayin ' knees get lazy and love like crazy 
If you have a wonderful man , who is perfect for you , who works hard & would do anything for you , that makes you laugh , that's your best friend , who you want to grow old with , who is your world & someone that you're thankful for every day , post as your status ? 
turned out to be such a beautiful day !! Although I'm staying inside and scrapbooking ! :-P 
gonna be an active day :) bike ride , gym , then swimming ! 
Life is so fragile , never take a day for granted and the time you have with the ones you love . ? 
going to see < PROPFIRST > st. cloud !!! then block party laterrrr :-) 
its been a looong couple of days ... watching a movie then passin out 
lunch at panera :) then hangin with my love ! 
going to attempt to play some ultimate frisbee ... 
EXHAUSTED . 
work this morning , workout , then relax time :) 
good quote from the inside of my dove chocolate wrapper : \Treating yourself is never wrong ! \ " :) " 
Just bought my first car today !!!!! :) 
working til 6 then babysitting .. 
lunch/dinner at Portofino with the girls ! :) 
Up north for the weekend ! :) 
so first thing I see in my room when I get home from a nice mini vaca is yet another bill .. to renew my license ... ahhh back to the real world ! but i guess that means my birthday is gettin close so thats always exciting ! :) 
working 6:30 to like 8 today ... wow gonna be a looong day :-/ ... 
It feels like fall today !!! :) Loveeee it ! 
renaissance festival !! :) 
I'm excited for halloween already :P 
time for bed , first day of class in the morn ! 
first day of classes at U of M-Dearborn ! Kind of excited :) 
ahhhh im sooo frusterated with trying to order cheap textbooks online .... does anyone know of any website that is cheap AND has free shipping ??? 
anyone want to buy an Ipod touch 8gb ?? its like new ! asking $150 
Ran my first 5k today ! Got 3rd place in my age group with 26 minutes , yay ! :) 
facebook is distracting me from homework 
homework on a saturday night ... kinda lame ! 
feeling sick :-/ .. and I'm so not going to be motivated to do my h/w today .. 
excited for this weekend :) especially because my birthday is tomorrow ! yay ! 
to the mall and < PROPFEMALE > tuesdays for din with < PROPMALE > and the bros :) 
going to a really lame required simulation for class from 9- 4:45 ... yeah because there is nothing I would rather do on a saturday !! and especially my birthday .. lol oh well , looking forward to going out later with everyone !! :) 
I'm engaged !!!! Best birthday and fiance ever :) :) :) 
Thank you so much to everyone for all the birthday wishes and congratulations !! :-) Had such an amazing weekend ! 
I like it on the floor 
< PROPFEMALE > excited for cedar point tomorrow !!!! :) 
I would say its a perfect day for cedar point !! :) 
spending the day with my sweetie ! :-) 
carving pumpkins and watching scary movies with my fiance ! :-) 
is :-D ! 
gym with < PROPFIRST > ! :) 
excited for today ! 
feels a little guilty for not voting today ... oops 
feeling worse today :-/ ... ugh ! I just wanna go back to bed and sleep all day 
feeling a lot better after doing some scrap booking and hanging with my love :) 
Happy 24th Birthday to my future hubby , < PROPMALE > Aguilera ! Love you ! & hearts ; :-) 
100.3 is starting to play christmas music today ! and im actually listening to it lol 
cooking fries for dinner and rice krispie treats with < PROPFIRST > and < PROPMALE > :) can't beat a meal like that ! 
going to see < PROPMALE > Potter at midnight ! 
tiramisu is delicious ! 
school all day :-( but at least its my only day this week ! 
My mouth is still completely numb from the dentist almost 4 hours ago !!! This is making me mad ... better be gone by tomorrow or I'm gonna < PROPFEMALE > 
Happy Thanksgiving ! :) 
exhausted from shopping last night/this morning :P ... yes I am crazy for going out there but it was worth it ! 
Just completed P90x ab ripper ! wooo hopefully I'll be feeling it tomorrow ! 
actually kinda liking the snow :) 
can't wait for this semester to endddd 
champagne 
accidentally upgraded to the \new look\ " of facebook and I'm not liking it " 
too much to do today but good thing I have an early start ! Going to the gym , pickin up check-woo !, classes , finishing up some christmas shopping , then homework time :P 
could this week get any more stressful ? 
if anyone is trying to get a hold of me in any way .. my phone is not working ! :/ 
I don't like this much snow ! 
I finally finished my 7 < PROPFEMALE > paper that I've been working on for the past 3 days !!! feels great !! but i'm not done just yet , still got more studying to do :-/ 
excited to go to an ugly christmas sweater party tonight :) 
Phone is working again ! 
actually hoping that i have classes tomorrow ! i just want to get finals over withhhh 
Last long day of school ! :-) and I really do mean looong ! won't be home til 9:00 :( 
\Do everything with love \"- quote from my dove chocolate wrapper :-) " 
\Take time to notice the color of the leaves changing\ " another dove chocolate quote :P haha ... but its too late for that !! " 
watching despicable me ! such a good movie , i want a little minion pet ! 
\Forget the rules and play by your heart\ " & hearts ; why are dove chocolate quotes my source for inspiration lately ? I just must be eating too much chocolate ... " 
get to go to another ugly christmas sweater party tonight ! yay ! :) but before then i need to take a moment to just breathe ! 
off work early , so just having a relaxing day doing laundry n such :-P 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas < PROPFEMALE > !!! :-) 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !!! Hope everyone has a safe , fun-filled holiday ! :) 
dinner and a movie ! 
I love my new elliptical ! 
new years parties later ! wooot can't wait :) 
Happy New Year ! 
Happy 6th Birthday to my godson Gaby ! :) 
good workout to start the day :) 
kickin some butt in wallyball tonight ! yeahhhh ! well probably the other way around ... lol 
ugh I can't believe I start classes again tomorrow :( so not ready to go back 
and so another semester begins ... and im so ready for it to be over already ! 
excited to see my besties this weekend :) 
sick of being sick ! 
gettin in my comfy gear and doing some scrap booking/homework :P 
ugh i just wanna get better :( 
school allll day then I finally get to see my love later :-) woohooo 
don't mind the snow when I can stay home :) 
wow why am I so tired ? Its 7 o ' clock and I'm ready for bed 
workin all day :P TGIF ! 
I'm kind of over this semester already . 
I feel so lucky :-) & hearts ; 
working from 6:30 - 3:30 , then babysitting 4:30 - 10:30 .. got a long day ahead of me but makin that cashhhh ! 
Happy 2 years to my best friend , soul mate , and future husband :-) I love you so much and could not be more thankful & hearts ; 
Ok , so where is the snow ? 
wish work was already closed for tomorrow so I wouldn't have to get up at 5:30 to find out ! 
nevermind , no work tomorrow ! yay ! 
going to thoroughly enjoy this snow day :-) I want to go sledding but I don't have a sled lol :( 
venturing out of the house ... hope the roads are better ! 
I found my wedding dress and I love it !!!!! 
trying to get some studying in , then super bowl party ! 
classes til 5:50 .. ugh not looking forward to this long day :-/ 
i think i just might go crazy with everything i have to do this week !!! 
workin out and h/w :P 
R . I . P little < PROPFEMALE > :-( 
Happy & hearts ; day ! 
sick of being sick !!! UGH ! 
it's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it's been or how far away they live , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy ... But you will ALWAYS love them . Re-post if you have at least 1 of these friends . They will know who they are 
just went to the doctors for the 3rd time this winter !! :-( Definitely a new record ... 
Seriously , TGIF !!!!!! 
guacamole and tostidos is where its at 
two tests today ... then its officially my spring break ! wooot ! 
Tired ! 
have absolutely nothing to do today , and I love it ! 
Beastly was such a good movie ! 
Ugh , back to the grind ... 
is stressing about schoooool bahhhh 
bow chicka wow wow 
so I was hoping we were gonna be done with snow for the year ... guess not !! :( 
doesn't like springing forward ! 
Happy St. < PROPFEMALE>'s Day ! Don't forget to wear your green :P 
gettin ready then ouuuut ! :) soooo glad its fridaaaaay 
doing laundry , got my paper done , gettin a good workout in , feelin pretty good ! 
just made myself some strawberry & PB French toast , was deeelicious ! hopefully it will be my great start to a great day b/c i got classes all day ... 
Apple 
gonna be a fun weekend ! :) 
PJ day at work today , my kind of day ! 
the weekend went by waaay to fast :( 
dinner at carabaa's with the girls :) 
can everyday be like today ???? out enjoying this weather ! 
if there is a random post from me on your wall , ignore it because i got some stupid fb virus thing .. grrrrrr 
going for a walk in this beautiful sunshine before I start homework ! 
just finished final portfolio for english class ! one down ! 
Going to see Rio ! will probably be the extent of my weekend lol cz after that its studying and writing a paper ... 
last day of classes !!!!!!! :D 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > is my girl ! 
loving the long weekend so far :) had a productive day shopping and cleaning ! 
Feliz Pascua ! 
ugh , so tired of rain ! 
extremely exhausted from this work week ! 
If french fries came from < PROPFEMALE > , then sonic tots must have come from awesome because they are awesome 
going for a run ! 
Enjoying my day off , perfect weather for it too ! and happy cinco de mayo ! :P 
Happy Mother's Day ! 
ohhhh monday ... 
holy hot ! 
busy day ! :) 
wedding date is finally official woohoo ! :-D 
I just saw my wedding dress on an episode of say yes to the dress :) pretty cool , and even cooler I paid A LOT less for mine ! 
working out and watching idol ! 
cant < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > both just win ?? 
yeah < PROPMALE > !!! :) wasn't gonna be disappointed with either , but all i gotta say is he better be at the hoedown next year ! 
HOT 
going to check out the island fest :P 
8-) 
working all day , hopefully will be cool inside ! 
I want coldstone ... 
so ready to be done with this summer class . 
So excited for the day ! Bridesmaids dress shopping with the girls , then < PROPFIRST > Swift tonight !!!!! :-D 
< PROPFIRST > Swift concert was AMAZING ! Got to see her from like 15 ft away ! 
work til 3:30 then home to study for exam tomorrow :( 
i love music , its just great . 
TGIF :) 
Spending my day writing a research paper .. oh what fun 
you're the best thing that's ever been mine 
Happy Father's Day ! 
I love nighttime thunderstorms :) 
studying the night away for my final tomorrow ... so glad this class will be over !!! 
are scrunchies really in style again ? 
had fun playing softball tonight first time after like 10 years ! Lol 
fireworks tonight at lake erie :) 
going swimming today :) 
Happy 4th of July !! Out on the boat with the girls today :-) 
had so much fun today on the boat ! Definitely got some sun :P 
soooo tired and burnt ... not feelin the work day today :-/ oh well , work til 3:30 then softball laterrr :) 
Got my new phone yaya ! 
Just went for a run before work , hope it will give me some energy to make it through the day ! 
SOOOOOOOOOO happy its finally the weekend !!! 
tooo hot todayy ... out to din for my sister's b-day ! 
prolly going swimming today :) 
very exhausting and interesting day at work .. 
i need a drink or two 
worked on the house today ! and im exhausted .. :-/ 
gettin an early start , workin on the house all day 
long day ... soooo exhausted it hurts 
is way excited for the weekend . One more day ! 
Yay for the weekenddd :) just relaxing to start ! 
working on the house , possibly pool , then softball games laterrr :P 
Relaxing around the house , not feeling to good 
going to catch some rays with < PROPFEMALE > D 8-) 
life is short , don't waste a minute of it ... 
pedicure and then shopping :-) gonna be a good day ! 
just read the weather report for today ... possibly tornadoes with strong storms .. eeek :-/ 
laying in a hammock enjoying this beautiful day :) 
annual dinner at portofinos with the girls :) 
ahhhh such a beautiful day ! :) 
jewelry party :) 
breakfast at Ihop with my man :) then running errandss 
Relaxing ! 
Just took a bike ride around basically the whole perimeter of Grosse Ile .. gonna feel that tomorrow 
Yeah Tigers ! 
takin ' on the preschoolers today .. 
really don't feel like starting classes tomorrow , goodbye summer :( 
first day of classes .. gonna be a very long day 
t'workin .. 
sooo glad its the weekend :) :) 
< PROPFEMALE>'s baby shower today ! :) 
work , then tigers game !! Please no rain today ... it would be great to see the sun ! 
so exhausted from a long workday but still squeezing in a workout then doing homework :( 
this has been a very long week , thank goodness its fridaaaaay :) 
facebook stop changing , dangit ! 
working til 6 .. then officially the weekend hecks yeah :) 
I have a new found appreciation of piano 
since I'm new to the whole piano music thing , does anyone know of any good pieces to listen to ? 
It's hard to explain to someone who has no clue . It's a daily struggle being in pain or feeling sick on the inside while you look fine on the outside . Please put this as your status for at least 1 hour if you or someone you know has an invisible illness ( PTSD , Anxiety , Bipolar , Depression , Diabetes , Lupus , Scleroderma , Fibromyalgia , MS , ME , Arthritis , Cancer , Heart Disease , Epilepsy , Autism , M.D. etc . ) \ Never judge what you don't understand . \"" 
finally home from working 2 jobs today .. woo fun stuff .. workin out then homework :-( 
school till 9 .. yay .. not :( at least its gettin closer to my bday weekend ! :) 
working til 6 possibly , gonna be a long day ! But excited to go out to Mongo's for dinner later ! :-) 
its my bday woot woot :) 
cake timeee then haunted hayride with my favorite peeps :) 
Had a great birthday , got to spend with my wonderful family , friends , and amazing fiance ! :-) Thank you to everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
heck yeah for the weekend :) 
i have to say , real steel was really good !! 
dinner and a movie with my fiance :) 
