Happy New Year everyone ! I hope that you had an amazing night , and that it will only be a start to a wonderful year to come . 

Ack ! College is killing me , and I haven't even started it yet ! 
I went to the beach today !! woot !! I had so much fun . my grandma and I had a day in galveston together . It was great ! 
just got last place in bunco ... do I really have that much of a not-life ??? 
I almost passed out in choir rehearsal today . This could mean one of two things ... either I'm not getting enough sleep , or the music is just sleep-inducing . I'm going with the latter . 
I've basically been accpeted to all of the colleges I've applied to ... crap ... now I have to pick one .... 
Woot ! I'm officially accepted into all of my colleges !!! UNT included !!! YES !!!! 
just watched about 6 movies in less than 16 hours ... is that healthy ? I know it's not a record or anything ... but it can't be good . 
is doing abso-freaking nothing ... it's spring break , and I'm stuck in the house all day , cleaning . ridiculous . * sigh * 
by the way , playing with a slinky is sadly very amusing . 
is eating ritz crackers ! :D but really wants a whataburger ! :( 
I think I burnt my oatmeal ... how is that possible ???? 
yay for having a competition yesterday , getting in after 11:00 PM , and the going to work at 6:00 AM . fml ...... it was a very bi-polar day . 
holy crap ... a long weekend . I don't think my system can take that much inaction ... I'm not used to it anymore . 
hey dickinson people ... do we have school tomorrow .......??????? 
give me a freakin ' note !!!!!!!! 
soooo .... why is my mom more obessed with me getting a date to prom than I am ??? 
my left arm , back , and chest got mutilated by my grandma's < PROPFEMALE > 10-pound dog ( if that ) , because he decided that it would be a great idea to crawl all over me while I was driving ... * sigh * 
sorry everyone ... all of these quizzes that I took decided to randomly select people to send invitations to ... my bad . 
is tired , confused , and deliriously happy . :P 
Does anyone else realize that Imogen Heap is in town this week , and that tickets are still on sale ??????? I wants to gooooooo !!!!!! 
watched the Labyrinth tonight ... remind me again why < PROPFIRST > Bowie decided to wear tights in that movie ....? 
Just saw Shrek 4 ! very funny ..... lmao ! 
soooo ... I might be going to AFA ... which means I'll have to wake up super early , and drive through < PROPMALE > traffic , and try to avoid getting myself killed for five weeks ... The only redeeming quality of this is the awesome music we'll be playing ... Is this really worth it ? I hope so . It looks like fun . :D 
just kicked butt at bunco !!! WHOOO !!! j/k .... :P 
going to see Iron Man 2 today !!!!! WOOT !!!!!!!!!!! :D 
< PROPFIRST > saved the tree frog !!!!!! Woot !!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D 
POKE me if you ever had a crush on me . LIKE \ 
this status if you think I'm a goodfriend . INBOX me if you ever \ 
wanted a relationship with me . COMMENT on this if we have good \ 
memories ... Now let's see who's brave enough to copy and paste this \ 
on their status . 
why do I feel so energetic at 1 in the morning ??? 
Time for sleep ... and then another wonderful day at AFA when I roll out of bed in about 6 or 7 hours . :D concert tomorrow ! woo Contrapunctus I !!!! :P 
I wish I could have an adventure ... \ 
\ 
( oy ... I've been reading too many books ... ) 
feels very stupid ... and very spent ... and VERY stupid ... :( 
So , DCI was awesome last night !!!! Go Cavaliers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D They were the most amaaazing thing I've ever seen . One of them in particular . ;) 
I can go the distance ! :D 
So ... I only realized last night that my birthday is next thursday ... I completely didn't even think about it ... what am I going to do ??? 
So ... I just looked at the list of birthdays coming up ... and I think almost every amazing person I know was born in August ... :D It's so awesome ! 
Why doesn't anyone write letters anymore ??? I would love to get a letter ... :D I love writing letters , too ! 
is tired .... and listening to my iPod on shuffle . Waaaay weird , since half of it is classical , and the rest is just random . 
hates tv 
Just got back from seeing the Expendables !!!!!! :D EPIC movie ... my obsession for throwing knives just skyrocketed . And by the way , It's because I'm smaller . :P 
Has been a member of the Spirit of < PROPMALE > for the past 2 days , and is loving every second of it ! Can't wait for tomorrow . It's going to be another awesome day !!! 
Turns out that today wasn't another awesome day ... I am officially sick , and in bed . :( College kids aren't supposed to get sick ! What the heck ??? However , I did meet my roommate today , and she's totally awesome ! So today isn't a lost cause . 
After an entire day of sitting around doing absolutely nothing , I'm still sick !!!! WTF ????? :( :( :( On a slightly happier note ... going on honors retreat tomorrow . Hopefully , I'll feel better in the morning , otherwise , I'm screwed . :D yay life . 
yay instant college food ....... :D chicken teriyaki . sort of . in 90 seconds . totally . 
3rd day of being an official college student . yay ? Audition results at 2:00 . Not nervous yet .... definitely will be later . :/ 
sleep time ... maybe . night night . 
A perfect beautiful rainy day . And I have every reason to just go outside and dance , and start forgetting . Because nothing washes the world away like raindrops . 
\But if my life is for rent\ 
Can't wait for this weekend ... already . The week has barely started . Lolz . 
There are certain moments in life when you realize that ... there's no going back . You can't undo things , or ask for a repeat . And you can't expect to be forgiven for every mistake that you make . But you can forgive yourself . And you can keep trying , and never ever stop living ... because that would be the worst mistake of all . 
\I've looked at love from both sides now\ 
I wish that I could see the stars in < PROPMALE > . 
Veeeeery fun night !!! :D Hopefully there are many more to come just like it , and maybe even better !!! I'm looooooving this ! 
AAAAAAHHH The pizza guy brought me sprite !!! NOOOO ! I needz caffeine !!!! :( :( :( 
I need winter to get here . Now . I need a reason to set things on fire . :D ( I mean like campfires , and marshmallows , and pinecones !!!!! ) 
is in need of an aloe plant , and some quiet time ... and a number of other random things that would be really nice right now ... like cold weather , and pretzel sticks . and my cat . I really miss my cat . 
Working on an Essay .... XD 
Is in need of a weekend of absolutely nothing ... and a trip to Europe . Or just someplace completely new .... 
finished that essay , turned it in , felt great about it , and NOW , when I actually have a nice weekend ahead , I'm getting sick !!!! WTF ???? 
yay for talking owls , and just overall amaaazing cuteness . looooooove it . 
went home for the weekend . my cat apparently got beaten up . :( she has this big black knot on her nose . but I still got to love on her , and she got to sleep on my head , so we were both happy . 
I can't believe < PROPFIRST > tried to give me his spot ! And now I'm sort of wishing that I had taken it when I had the < PROPMALE > , because sitting around doing nothing in practice AGAIN was driving me crazy , but I didn't want to die and get run over by not knowing what I was doing ... AAAHH ! Decisions , decisions ... 
So according to my horoscope , someone is going to ask me to marry them ..... XD bull **** 
You\ 
and I wake up in jail together ... Using only FOUR WORDS , what would \ 
you say to me ? If you make a comment you must put this in your status ! \ 
Fair is fair !! 
\hear the silence\ 
\You must have fallen from the sky\ 
I want to be a jazz vocalist !!!!!!! And I want to learn trumpet , clarinet , and saxophone . And I want to become amaaazing at piano ... Am I leaving anything out ? Oh yeah , I want to be a music teacher ... that is my < PROPMALE > after all ... 
\It takes no time to fall in love\ 
Just did some more decoration , but it STILL feels like something is missing in this room ..... :( Maybe I'm just homesick . 
Spent the entire day dozing , snacking on random things , and watching old Disney movies on youtube . Wow , I needed that . Oh , and I did dishes . :) So the day wasn't completely lost to laziness . 
Is still slightly high on oxygen from the breathing exercise we did in band today . Too much air = spazzy < PROPFEMALE > . Even spazzier than NORMAL !!! Weeeeeiiiiirrrd . 
Gah ! Why is money so difficult ? And why am I one of the few people that thinks it just shouldn't exist at all ? It's not necessary !!! 
Really doesn't want to do theory homework ......... :( 
Is in desperate need of a good roll down a very steep hill . 
Miyazaki Hayao , and all those affiliated with him : You Are Gods . 
is eating vanilla ice cream and drinking Tropical Punch Fuze .... Very strange combination . I'm also watching Sleeping Beauty on youtube . It's going to be a good night . 
Is tired , sunburned , and feeling a bit lost ... Random Miyazaki movie , here I come . Thank goodness for wonderful movies that always remind me why being alive is generally a good thing . 
Lazy day , today ? I think , YES ! 
Is helping < PROPFEMALE > with an essay that's due at midnight ... and I thought I was a procrastinator .... XD We're actually having fun though , and getting work done ... which is really weird for me . :D 
wishes the world always made as much sense as it did not even an hour ago . What would reality be like if it was always like that ? I don't think I would ever get tired of it . Not ever . 
Like my status and I'll tell you : 1 . Something I've learned about you from looking at your wall for 13 seconds . 2 . The color you remind me of . 3 . My first memory of you . 4 . The animal you remind me of . 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . 6 . My favorite thing about you .... 7 . Challenge you to repost this . 
So ... my 2:30 class got canceled . What in the world am I going to do for the rest of the day ??? 
Just got back from the longest football game of my life . XD I'm all for rain , but jeez ... Goodnight everybody , and GO COOGS !!! :D 
Needs a break . A long legitimate break . Isn't going to get one . Might be getting sick . Not good . 
Spirit on Stage this Friday !!! uhbands.com for tickets !!! BE THERE !!!!! GO COOGS ! 
Yay ! It's not muggy and disgusting today ! 
Had an amaaaaaaazing weekend , but it was exhausting , in a good way , and I surprisingly got a little homesick . XD 
Hmmm ... confusing but interesting and altogether fun night . :) 
Had no idea how amazing warm milk was until a week ago ... XD Where the heck have I been all these years ???? 
yummmm ... hot chocolate . ^_^ 
1 . \ 
Go to Google maps . 2 . Go to \Get Directions . \ " 3 . Type Japan as the \ 
Can't wait for the party tonight !! I love you < PROPFEMALE > Wittig !!! 
I wish for a person who is < PROPFIRST > Hisaishi , Hayao Miyazaki , and < PROPFIRST > Sinatra all rolled up into one . Can that person please come find me , and marry me ? Great , thanks . 
Is thinking about rainbow stars . 
Very long day .... In desperate need of sleep , but has to do homework instead . Curse you , procrastination !!! 
Is eating chicken noodle soup .... Feels at once nostalgic , and just plain lame . However , the fact that I'm eating it with a japanese soup spoon takes it from lame , to epic . 
There are so many different types of love , and in this world , they are used so interchangeably , to the point that it's disgraceful . But there are certain people in my life that I have absolutely no doubts about . I love them in every way , with every connotation , good and bad . 
Working on an essay that might kill me before I'm through . Socrates , Plato , Aristotle ! Oh my ! 
Alright , everyone is doing it , and it looks like fun . :D \ 
Ask me a question in a message , and I'll answer it in a status . \ 
* sigh * I have conformed .... 
Had coffee .... stupid stupid stupid . 
Why is it that the smallest things give me a mental , emotional , and physical breakdown all at once ? 
So , who all is going to the midnight showing tomorrow night ??? :D 
9 hour rehearsal/recording session tomorrow ... But hey , we get pizza !!! YES ! 
* sigh * I'm already listening to Christmas carols ... is that bad ? 
I'm just so tired ... so incredibly tired . 
Thanksgiving break ... now the real work begins . XD 
First day back at work ... I am NOT used to it anymore ... Craaaaap ! :( 
Hanging out at Dad's house for the end of Thanksgiving . Should be one heck of an ending to one heck of a day . 
Back in the dorm . Not sure how I feel about that . It feels like coming home in a very backwards way . 
Is maybe getting sick . :/ 
Woooowww ... I totally just sat on my laptop . XD 
IT'S\ 
LOVE MY SISTER week , if you have a sister who made you laugh , wiped \ 
your tears , hugged you cheered you on and kept you strong . Sisters are \ 
forever . If you have an amazing sister , put this on your status . I have 3 crazy little sisters , and I love them more than anything !! 
write a number from 1-500 and send it to my inbox and I'll put how a I feel about you in my status . ( looks kinda fun . why not ? ) 
#6 , you're a girl who knows how to party , and you're really easy to talk to . Sometimes , too easy . :P I'll never forget you , me , and Malibu . XD 
#69 , You're fun to talk to , and party with . You're pretty awesome . :) 
#18 , you're like family , and I miss you a ton !!! You're boy-crazy , and I love you for it !!! 
#429 , You are beautiful , and smart , and just damn-perfect . I love you so much , and miss you tons and tons ! You're one of my oldest , and best friends , and you're going to stay that way for the rest of our lives , babe ! 
#102188 , you're a kick-ass woman , who thinks of awesome nicknames . :D I miss you bunches , and can't wait to < PROPFEMALE > with you again ! 
#25 , I've known you longer than I've known anyone except for family , and I can't believe you've stuck around for this long . I love you . You're an amazing person , and I hope that I know you for the rest of my life . 
#23 Even when we haven't seen each other for months , I see you , and it's like no time has passed at all , and I love you for it . And for being such an amazing friend for all of these years . You and I ... just fit . That's never going to change . 
#666 You're crazy , and sometimes just plain silly , but I love you for it , and I'm glad that you're always there for me . Know that I'm always here for you , too . 
#84 , You are without a doubt my best friend , and I love you more than I love any other . I < PROPFEMALE > every moment that we've ever had together . You mean more to me than I could ever say , even in poetry . I'll never forget that hill , that fountain , those stars , that song . They are all imprinted permanently on my heart . As are you . In every detail . 
#071 , I remember that back in jr. high , there was a room in the back of the band hall , and you were almost always there , and I thought that you were really cool and mysterious and quiet . I remember really wanting to talk to you , but I think I was too shy to actually approach you ... You don't seem like the quiet type anymore , and I'm not shy in the least , so yay for random friendships that are years old ... :D 
#333 , I can still remember us singing Disney songs on the bus on the way home everyday from school ... and people would stare at us like we're crazy . Not much has changed at all . There just isn't a bus anymore . XD You're a wonderful person , with a beautiful heart , and a determination to match that will take you further than your wildest dreams . :D 
GAH ! Time to sleep . Goodnight everyone ! Pleasant dreams . :D 
met an amazing friend tonight ! I love college ! I get to meet so many interesting people , and we become best friends over the strangest things ... 
Going to the Museum of Fine Arts tonight ! :D ( I'm a nerd , I know ... ) 
I have a Christmas party to play at tonight ! OMG !! :D 
I love the Totally Awesome Quartet ... by the way ... that played music meant for a quintet , and OWNED ! :D Oh yeah . 
Had an amazing workout tonight . I forgot how much I love to dance . I may not do it well ... but I do it laughing , smiling , and just being me , and that's what counts . 
92 on my Pinao I final !! YES ! Now I just have Aural Skills hearing , then dictation , then my Theory I final ..... yay ... 
Meteor Shower ??? Really ? Why am I always the last one to know these things !!!??? 
Just won $20 playing bunco ! Woo ! :D What did you do tonight ??? I bet it wasn't that . 
Had an amazing night listening to great music , and finally getting my reality back in place . Having your best friend back in your life after a month of separation is the most amazing feeling ever . Suddenly , the world feels right , and it might not make any more sense than it did before ... but it doesn't have to , and that's the beauty of it . 
Looooong day at work , then spent a couple hours doing last minute christmas shopping , then came home and sat outside with my parents tending a fire , and it was actually really relaxed and nice ... all in all a pretty good night . 
Drama ... part of me hates it and part of me loves it , and neither of us really understand it , but boy are we getting good at dealing with it . < PROPFEMALE > Christmas . Gotta love the holidays . Everyone is even crazier . 
I just saw Black Swan ... my head exploded ... then got put back together ... then it just disappeared . Now , I'm sitting in my room wondering what the frack just happened ... 
I have a < PROPMALE > headache , and I think it's time to finally go to sleep . Hopefully , I'll wake up at a decent hour , but it's not likely . Goodnight ... or good morning ... whichever you prefer . 
* sigh * Why is fanfiction so fracking addictive ?? I have so many other books in my possession that I would love , but I can't take my eyes from the damn computer screen . Unfortunately , staring at the bright light for about 5 hours has given me a massive headache . I've finished two novels , and half of another one , in that time . Friends , I think I have a serious problem , and may be in need of some help ... XD Goodnight . 
Back from my dad's , work all week , and hopefully some plans to see very good old friends will come into fruition . No promises yet , but lots and lots of begging and pleading on my part ... :D 
Sooo ... got into a car accident today , and now no longer have a car . Don't freak . I'm fine . But life kinda sucks at the moment . I had hoped to be with so many old friends these next couple of weeks , and catch up , but now , I'll be lucky if I can get a ride to work . 
Has work at 6am ... kill me now . Oh , and has to fold the 3 baskets of laundry sitting on my bed before I can actually sleep .... * sigh * 
\Pretty women ... pretty women are a wonder ... \"" 
Is waaaaay excited for this semester !!! There are so many things to look forward to ! I'm so happy that I'll be singing again . I hadn't even realized how much I missed it , until someone told me I could do it again . Thank goodness for coincidence , and < PROPMALE > meetings that end up being the beginning of something wonderful . 
Just saw the latest Narnia movie , and it pissed me off to no end . It would have been a great movie ... if I had never read the book . Thankfully , I was with my best friend in the whole world , and that made the movie more than bearable . Now , I want to reread the series ! Again ... :D 
Hmm ... so I'm not a < PROPFIRST > anymore ??? * is thoroughly confused * Still , I kind of like what's said about the Cancer sign . It fits me , too . I honestly think that every sign would fit everyone if they really sat down to think about it . 
I hate and love it when I'm feeling a million emotions a once ... and all I can do is just lay there , staring at the ceiling , and feel them ... and try not to laugh and cry at the same time ... because it's not fair to all of the other emotions if you only allow yourself to react to some of them . 
finally starting to pack to move back to college .... procrastination much ?? I'm only moving in tomorrow night and everything ......... XD 
Craaaap ... time to get up and finish all of my packing before 3 , which is when I have to go to work . Then off to UH as soon as I get off of work . * sigh * It's going to be a long day . 
So , just got moved back in , and mostly settled . Now , to survive the semester ... Woot ! 
Audition today , then finished unpacking . It's good to be back . :) 
\Well you can't marry someone when you're ... in love with someone else . \ " ( this is the part where I giggle into my pillow ... )\ 
it's been a very ... random day ... but a pretty good one . had a nice nap in the middle , and now I'm so ready to watch a movie , and pass out . Then , class tomorrow !! :D 
Off to my next class . This should be good . :) :) :) 
Somehow suddenly exhausted ... but not the pass-out-and-sleep-for-hours exhausted . Just .... weary . I blame the full-moon . * glares at the sky * it's all your fault ..... 
Went to class this morning ... then slept all day after watching Pocahontas . I could get used to Fridays like this . 
Party tomorrow night ( technically tonight) ? Check . Cheesy and amazing musicals here and now ? Check . An awesome night with one of my best friends ? Hell yes !! 
Epic headache . This is just one of those nights , I guess . Life goes on . It always will . 
Today was a good day . Tomorrow will be better . Sometimes it feels like each day , we expand a little bit , and become bigger than we were ... on the inside , as a person . We learn , we grow , we change , every second . It's something to think about , anyway . 
Watched August Rush , then Underworld ( the uncut and unrated version ) , and then < PROPFIRST > Pan ( the newer version , which was actually a bit closer to the original than disney ever was ... ) . In short , did absolutely nothing . Random much ?? 
Saw < PROPFIRST > Herring , and laughed my arse off , then came home and watched the rest of Enchanted causing me to giggle like a love-struck school girl ... lots of laughter tonight . Tis a good thing . 
The Magic Flute ( courtesy of Moores School of Music !! ) was absolutely epic !!! Great job everyone . :D 
Walked down 3 flights of stairs in my nice warm fuzzy fleece jacket , expecting the cold and loving it ... then , opened the door , got smacked in the face by wet cold wind , and ran back up 3 flights of stairs to get my umbrella ... 
Soooo exhausted right now . Totally got my butt handed to me in martial arts tonight . I'm going to make it !!! Eyes on the goal !!! Rawr !!!! 
Laundry , with good old Dr. Who . Yes . 
Whys is it that the only class that gets canceled is the one that I really wanted to go to ??? :( 
Holy crap , I don't have school tomorrow ....... What am I going to do all day .....??? 
I have some of the most amazing friends in the world . No matter what , they're always there for me , whether I deserve it or not . I'm pretty damn lucky . No lie . 
Is tired . Came home , started to study a little , and was asleep before I knew what was happening . Ended up out for a solid 4 hours . That can't be healthy ... 
Soooo much crap to do before TMEA . I wish I had that innate ability to plan ahead ... and be organized . Unfortunately , my scatterbrain can't tell Saturday from Wednesday . 
Getting totally excited for TMEA !!!! I've gotten most of the things on my uber-long list done . Now , I just have to make it through the rest of this hectic night ... :D 
Back home for the night , in my old room . Went exploring , and found a few things ... Now I'm all kinds of nostalgic ... * sigh * 
TMEA is amazing , and Wind Ensemble was absolutely fantastic !!! Go Coogs !!! 
Sooo ... that was intense . So much music . After I get back from TMEA ... Irony much ? Anyway , gotta love friends that know their way around those parts of the music world that you ... just don't quite get yet . I'm getting there . 
Back home , and back to normality ... at least ... as normal as my life ever gets .. which it doesn't ... so scratch that . 
< PROPFIRST>'s Day : A day to rejoice in the ideals of love , and the perfect excuse to eat < PROPFEMALE > . And chocolate . Lots of chocolate . :) 
Felt like eating chocolate ice cream ... also have milk . And chocolate syrup . Soon to have chocolate milk . It's one of those days , I think ... 
Me and my friends are all freakin insane . Literally . We're just nuts . 
It's just been one of those days ... I should write reminders backwards on my forehead or something . 
Back at the dorm . Plans for the night ? Rehearsal , Homework , Laundry , and movies while doing laundry . Or reading . Not sure which yet . 
I know too many people ..... 
Yay for organization .... and amazing friends who ( unlike me ) know how to manipulate computer programs and files . 
Yaaay !!!! A+ on 2 vocal exams in a row !!! Who's awesome ??? Me , that's who !!! :D :D :D 
Gah ! I wish I wasn't such an obsessive coward about these things !!!! 
Strawberry 
i feel like i have something stuck in my mind . the way most people feel like they have something stuck in their teeth . like my brain ate something sticky , or with lots of small parts . like those little things in strawberries . whatever it is , i can't get it out . and it's keeping me awake . i need a brain-pick .... 
And now for a night of old Disney movies ... because I'm in in serious need of a reminder that despite everything , I'm still just a kid . And no matter how tired I get , or how old I feel ... Disney movies will remind me that my life has only just begun . 
Just made a playlist of over 100 songs to play while I'm sleeping . Thank goodness I have so many amazing soundtracks ... that have nice comforting soft songs . Though ... some of them are sad and make me cry . XD I'll take those off if I start crying in my sleep ... 
* sigh * my tea has gone cold . that's the last straw . I'm officially tired , and I give up for the night . Time to attempt sleep ... 
Tonight , there was sand on the floor of the dojo , and now , it's embedded in my feet . 
Politics make me incredibly angry ... Politics in general . And that makes me angry at myself , because that makes me no better , if not worse , than any politician . 
And now ... to find something to do until my rehearsal at 4pm ... 
Laundry day . And a rehearsal . Then , homework , and probably finish it off with a movie or something . Maybe a good book instead . Yeah , it's a good day . 
good night . to sleep at last . 
Alright , out of band early , so I can crack down on this essay ! Then , Midterm tomorrow , and Friday , then spring break !!! I've got this !!!! 
Gah ! This essay might kill me . One more go over , and it should be ready for Morrison ... god , I hope so ... 
* sigh * I hate health problems . 
This Spring Break is at once flying by , and dragging its heels , as if it can't make up its mind , or I can't . I can't tell which . Like so many years that have passed , not so long ago , yet it feels like a lifetime , and they were but the blink of an eye . 
exhausted . ate waaaay to many tasty crawfish at my grandparents house , and that was right after working outside for about 7 hours .... my stomach is sooo pissed . 
Last day of Spring Break . Been a roller coaster ride . Now , back to reality . More or less . 
is exhausted ....... 
strawberry 
Long day ... but a good one , I think . Other than the part where I almost fell down the stairs ... XD lots of quality time spent with my baby boys . :) I don't know what I would do without them . It's no fun being insane by yourself . 
suddenly extremely tired ... really want to go to martial arts ... but not sure how much use I would be when I feel like collapsing ... indecisiveness for the win . 
Another day dawns . Life goes on . Thanks goodness for good friends to enjoy it with . 
Just finished watching Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon . Is it sad that that movies still makes me cry after all these years ?? iTunes isn't working right now ... so ... more movies ? 
Painted my nails with my best friend tonight ... then proceeded to peel the paint off while eating ramen noodles and watching cowboy beebop at 2am , also with my best friend ( but he wasn't peeling the paint off ) . altogether , a great night . possibly the start of a tradition . 
Hmmm ... what to do until Floreat at 4 ??? 
Whoa ... no Floreat today . NOW what am I going to do ??? Watch Tarzan of course ! :) 
I have 4 friends that are Dragons in the Chinese Astrology sense . Do you have any idea how awesome that is ?? When I was a kid , I always though it would be so cool to know a Dragon . Now I know at least 4 . Epic . 
Busy day . Craaazy busy . This is my 5 minute pause , then back to running all over the world until after 8 tonight at least . By then ... Tangled ??? I hope so !!! 
Tangled came today !!! YEEEESSSS !!! :D 
I should be in bed , but I'm doing that thinking thing again . It's becoming a problem . 
Had something of an adventure last night with my best friend , and is just now getting up . We went to eat dinner , and it was great ! Then , we went to a place that we thought would be a nice little Jazz club , but turned out to be a ritzy restaurant . Then we got lost in < PROPMALE > trying to find a real Jazz club ... and eventually gave up , came home and watched a movie . Attempt to be spontaneous ? FAIL ! But in a fun way . :) 
Anyone ever seen Catch & Release ? Love that movie ... Great soundtrack . 
Everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , regardless of how long it has been or how far away they live and they don’t hold grudges . They understand that life is busy but you will ALWAYS love them . Repost if you have at least 1 of these friends , they will know who they are ! ? 
Chilling eating Saltine crackers , drinking root beer , and reading a book that I've loved since I first started reading ... < PROPFEMALE > Enchanted . ( Not the movie !!! The movie was awful in comparison . ) 
Listening to Owl City for the first time in months , I think . Still lovin it . :D 
