got soul but im not a soldier 

Wird Gefühle wählen , könnte nie über ihr erhalten , hat nichts geändert 
is back 
is feeling a bit unsure 
is whistling the tunes 
is feeling < PROPFEMALE > vu , i wish i could have < PROPFEMALE > vu on my < PROPFEMALE > vu 
needs a new status 
is bleeding profusely 
just might get shot today in inner city baltimore 
is yo yo ye ye homies 
is baking cookes 
is baking cookies 
has been thrown into a whole new pot of confusion 
has got a feeling , that tonights gonna be a good night , that tonights gonna be a good night , that tonights gonna be a good good night !! 
is ugh 
is finally feeling a moving on 
just got his classes for next year , text me yours ! 
its creeping closer , the reaction my change my reaction who knows how it shall go 
ugh this is pissing me off 
is just sitting 
in town for a whole week !! what is wrong with me ?? 
finally ... finally ... FINALLY a incredible < PROPMALE > Potter movie .... finally 
is 
god that was tiring 
is praying for rain 
is hulu ... yes 
is yep 
ugh awake too early !! 
it was raining , so naturally i went hiking today 
hmmm , communication would be nice 
is nuvole e lenzuila 
is eating gummi worms !! 
feels , nostalgicly sad 
SOCCER 
is close , mask time 
feels like ... people need to understand the situation 
is falling down , how to break the monotony ? 
lays , get your smile on 
we have our goals and were going for the carrot , lets get it on guys 
is feeling closer , but its never that easy 
6-0 win , one game down 
well that didnt go so well 
1-1-1 , ran the gambit this weekend 
has one false vision , one shaky one , and one that makes him feel ripped to pieces 
feels like hot butter every time their around 
soccer canceled again ! off to the gym i guess 
It is curious - curious that physical courage should be so common in the world , and moral courage so rare 
how is a good question , im liking the freak answer 
is sliding under the ice 
always feels like he's got an audience on one 
always feels like he's got an audience of one 
is off to hatisburg ms , three gueses why :) text if you wanna talk 
is fourth times the charm 
or not 
saw the future in science today , i hate it 
will dive before the week ends , i promise 
will be the future he was before the week ends 
ask me about the the red light 
driving has made riding horrible for me !! 
is TD ... happy 
god that was the never ending game 
must win by five in the morning 
didnt 
is the best laid plains fall at the feet of sickness 
is questioning the hate 
has got 21 guns ready to go 
love me tender love me sweet , never let me go . you have made my heart complete , and i love you so 
is feeling like days are decided by the mountains that are molehills 
will 
didnt haha 
should 
sex < PROPMALE > , well that was fun 
rain 
the top ten topple ! 
so much homework 
leg feels like its been hit by a freight train 
elephant love medley ! 
the enemie will fall onto our spears and bow in the dust of our cleats 
one one , it happens 
17-0 USC !!!! second quarter !! 
23-0 !!! 
here it goes here it goes again , here it goes again 
forgot how much he hates and loves to play in freezing rain 
5-1 , o were gonna be done by state cup 
is not updating his status 
the most bipolar show ever 
wont be there tonight guys , but it doesent matter , im not the show , go kill it and get that carrot 
fireflies fly like dreams 
they say you should measure your life not by the the number of breath's you take , but rather by the moments that take your breath away . 
11:52 top that 
all things pass in time 
pretty doesent win games , points do 
is ROAR !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
15 days 
is taking it personally 
you cant grow up withought doing it ! your voice wont change 
if only it was like in the movies 
im going to regret my ignoring of homework i have no doubt 
more water please 
interesting , very interesting 
character is doing whats right when nobody's looking 
sigh , always the wrong ones 
i should be used to it by now 
--- 000 --- --- 000 --- 
victory #1 in PK's! 
has had worse days 
Just shine on 
shining in darkness 
ELF ! 
UGH so many christmas decorations 
Pooh 
*(&^%^&)* 
pretzel mix and sumo , decorations and love songs 
WHAT IS ALL THE THE HUSTLE AND BUSTLE TODAY ??? 
tick tock tick tock 
and here ............. we ............... go ......... 
so .... i got a car 
shadow puppets 
misses his lights and his ladies 
needs to think of more creative status's 
this games over , i dont even know why im watching anymore 
wants some squab 
well , that was fun 
find me a hero , make the old fairytales come true !!! 
Nothing is worth more than this day . 
is 10 < PROPMALE > later so tired 
is gonna get MAD !!!! 
is having his soul ripped out by runaway children 
cant stop thinking about spoons ! 
is confused , very confused 
is the < PROPFEMALE > spark notes 
reeboot , successfull 
is back on line 
just when we was in the middle of the most colorful and precise WOOOOOOO ..... you 
has decided to become a wedding crasher 
thinks the people n trains n planes n cars n sounds i hate need to go to the minnesota strip 
is rolling like the stones 
is \SHE GONNA COME TROOPING OUT THE WOODS IN SOME HEELS WITH HER LOUI VITAN BAG !! \"" 
well done , just well done guys 
THATS RIGHT coffee and tears makes a show 
A dribble dribble dribble 
is having his soul sucked out by a vacum who smells like cats 
is getting .... worse .... all the time 
needs to think of better status's 
wants some mo cookies 
has decided that being sucked by the vaccum is worth it because of the vacuum's students 
is ... finished ...... with this project 
is getting better at pretending to care 
got soul and a snickers bar 
thinks .... the missouri compromise and nullification crisis need to die 
is cold , all day long 
is starting wierd week number 3456 
declares 
cause they got nothing on you baby ! nothing on you baby !! 
might not fail his spanish test , o never mind who am i kidding ! 
cant think of a new status 
has SO much work to do 
Socialism is a philosophy of failure , the creed of ignorance , and the gospel of envy , its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery . < PROPMALE > Churchill 
You have enemies ? Good . That means you’ve stood up for something , sometime in your life . 
All great things are simple , and many can be expressed in single words : freedom , justice , honor , duty , mercy , hope . 
“Never give in , never give in , never ; never ; never ; never - in nothing , great or small , large or petty - never give in except to convictions of honor and good sense” 
wants to go ice skating 
likes being < PROPMALE > skywalker 
deserved it , fair enough fair enough 
is typing 
is supremely ignoring my spanish 
needs an excuse not to go to bed on time tonight !!! anyone got one ?? 
is expecting the expected 
is expecting the unexpected the expected and everything else in order to not be mundane 
is learning lines SLOWLY 
is actually exited to go to school this week !! 
must return to normal life tomorow night 
must return to normal life tomorow , not night , just tomorow 
“Live with intention . Walk to the edge . Listen hard . Practice wellness . Play with abandon . Laugh . Choose with no regret . Appreciate your friends . Continue to learn . Do what you love . Live as if this is all there is . ” 
is rolling in the dough , the bread dough 
is just now starting homework . nice 
is unhappy 
is so tired !!! stupid spatulas 
has got so much to do 
anyone wanna help me out with the graphing part of the algebra 2 test tomorow ???? 
is having such repetivie thoughts 
believes its slightly raining 
has had the worst .... day ... ever 
* romeo/juliet * so close !!! aaaaa 
has been overun with a foul exhausting mood 
only one more !! this makes me so sad 
thanks to all the muse cast and crew , i learned so much and had a blast every minute . good luck to you all 
is worried for dr 
is popping my colla ! 
is bout to hit the wall 
is annoyed by hair inactivity 
is begginning the end 
should be studying 
is failing , miserably !!! 
needs happier status's 
is heading out , a day or two withought exams thankfully 
thats right , logged on in the wilderness 
is out of the wilderness 
prepares himself for annilation 
had the best exam day ever , amazing 
must pray for his fortunes to continue , and his plans to come to fruition . so mysterious !! 
you got something to SAY !!!??!?! 
is on the road again , it feels this differnt this time though 
is doing nothing as usual 
thinks its funny that the later it gets , the longer the chat list gets 
is preparing for falling and confusion 
had just another day , boring ride to gadsden then atlanta , no fun at six flags , and an uneventual ride back . dull 
is still reacting to that hour 
is waiting for nothing something 
is doing my thing , lights , as usual 
well , that went well- i knew i could do it ! - i told everyone but they didnt belive me 
is being ridiculous i have no doubt 
feels like he has been hit by a truck 
just recieved \the book \"" 
is UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhh 
is feeling better already , kill it immune system 
ghana goona get whuped 
a well 
Is signing off for the week . Ill be back 
Is . As said . Back 
is FRUSTRATED WITH NO PHONE SERVICE 
Has got service back !!! People should text me at like . 2 
Is 
says RELEASE THE MCKRACKEN 
is missin 
Is chillin like a villan 
is \ 
slightly happy 
is so exited about the next three days !! 
Givev me the love of an orchestra . Give me the love of an orchestra 
HE . CAME OUT OF NOWHERE 
is looking for goodbyes 
is ready for monday already 
is being stunted by the thunder 
Has bad luck apparently 
is pissed about tuesdays 
haha is thinking tomorow just might be awesome 
Was right . 
Knows he is not the only one staring at the computer furiously pressing the refresh button on asfa mail waiting for the dreaded list 
ANNOUNCEMENT\ 
cast list will not be posted tonight , for those of you who have not heard 
could call his day \ 
eventfull 
Is worried about not being worried 
PRECAL DEATH 
Is . 
is .... looking to the sixties 
wants it to be friday , now 
Is wagging his finger dissaprovingly 
had , the best night . promise 
is pondering 
wants mr slatton to know he has ..... the bubonic plauge as does , reportedly ... < PROPFIRST > cottle . 
is brioche 
thinks Babie Larson is the coolest person ever !!! 
Has been fooled by larson 
has decided to try playing golf 
toole , stop dicking around and get out of the water 
is fine , to everyone who wants to know , and i appreciate all the posts on my wall , i love all you guys\ 
all for one 
What a spectacluar week 
Is finally . Finally . Getting a haircut 
issssss shopping sorta 
wore a suit , flattened my hair , and yelled . senior scenes \ 
fin 
is off 
Thinks . It's pretty awesome that so many people wished me a happy birthday on facebook and in person . Thanks guys . Really 
is searching for setad 
has decided there must be a place much much much worse than hell , because only something that evil could have sent the next two weeks in my direction 
might have someone to thank 
can already feel the animosity , im so exited and i just cant hide it 
Approves of the upcoming \winter storm \"" 
I'm a diva ! But I'm striving to be more like < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > 
thought he couldnt get busier , he was wrong 
Well that's five hours ill never get back 
< PROPFIRST > is my hero ! < PROPFIRST > is my best friend ! < PROPMALE > is like a great uncle to me ! 
thinks if the audience at the state of the union stands in applause one more time , im going to throw a shoe at my tv 
thinks all asfa students should look at my awesome new photo album 
can < PROPFEMALE > the < PROPFEMALE > for you 
is .... home , yet still in an atlanta hotel room in my mind , or wishing so 
