So , finally trying it out . 

I'm in a restless mood . I want to give a speech , to yell , to excite and be excited . I want to mobilize , to inspire ! To Rebel - no - To Revolt ! 
Gah .. Nutcases , they're everywhere . 
Boring Saturday of boredom . 
Its like .. walls , ya know ? Fuck walls . Like , where is everybody ? I don't know , there's a wall there . 
Let's pretend we didn't see that . 
Sometimes I wish the universe would just ball it up and take a shot at me , this guerilla bullshit is getting old . 
Unimaginably bad things occur when people are allowed to overestimate their own importance . 
I thought you might say that . 
Hot weather fails a sad and lonely failure . 
... Because if there happened to be a reason , I wouldn't mind , I doubt anyone would , but instead all we have is some vague idea and the echos of each other's ramblings ... 
Locked my keys in the car so i took my three-ball flail to the window to get to work on time 
Looks like its going to be one of those ' easily agitated by the stupidity of the humans around me ' days . ... Deep breath ... 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... 
So bored ... Send help ... And booze 
... and besides that , who wouldn't love to know what people will say about us after we're dead ? I think we'd all be surprised , and perhaps , disappointed . 
I had a dream that I was barricaded in a house besieged by devil-worshipping cat-people . 
You've gotta be kidding me . Will we ever learn ? 
Check the note 
... 
Orwell told us the answer to that . He who controls the past controls the future and he who controls the present controls the past . 
Must .. not .. quit job . Deep breath . Are my eyes still crossed ? I learned today that no only can I talk to myself , but I can talk to myself and myself both at the same time . Wait , what time is it , Christmas , or Halloween ? Or .. Wait no , that must be toyestermorrowday . 
Pray cast a spell do a dance or burn a goat . What ever it is you do but for the love of sanity someone make it rain on me . 
The more I think , the more I feel like another < PROPMALE > . No , not that one , the other one . Et tu , Brute ? My fault , I should have known the deal . What's next ? The more I think , the more I let the illusion dissipate . The more I think , the more I realize this isn't the place for me anymore . 
This is poised to be a long , cold weekend . 
Oh god that was funny stuff . Why am I so reluctant when its turning out well more often ? 
and , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > . Ok , scratched . All ridiculousness aside , I feel like writing . And that's good , its been a while . 
Boring laundry day is boring . 
So I watched Mallrats again earlier and laughed my head off .. Should I be ashamed ? Anyway , the important part is , i realized I've been looking at Magic Eye puzzles the wrong way for my entire life ! Next time you see one , try to cross your eyes a bit instead of look through it , its completely inverted ! 
There are no lousy jobs , just lousy people who don't wish to do them . Repeat . Repeat . Repeat . 
Peace ? I hate the word , as I hate Hell , all Montagues , and thee . - Ephemeral is a better word , well , maybe ' better ' is the wrong word . Inconsequential , nonetheless . Even though , strife exists in a perceived form , so I guess I haven't convinced myself of this point to any great extent . That's too bad . Remember , Ice shatters just like glass . 
I'll let it be said in others ' words . Just go listen to your old Drowning Pool , Sinner CD . \All Over Me . \"" 
Alright then , the start of a new workweek , the start of a new day , the perfect time to shake it off , whatever it is . A time to remember that we are in charge of our selves , that we are responsible for our own happiness , a perfect opportunity for us to shape our lives as we would have them ! Remember , our goal is Joy . So with a steady hand , my friends , with purposeful steps and focused eyes , -carpe diem ! - 
And you know what wickedness is , and shame , and fear . There were days\ 
when you peered into yourself , into the secret places of your heart , \ 
and what you saw there made you faint with horror . 
Yes , we are criminals - Murderers - All three of us . We're in hell , my pets ; they never make mistakes , and people aren't damned for nothing . 
ungh , I hate it , being in an empty house . Someone amuse me . 
His name is < PROPFIRST > Paulson . 
Going to P-Town tonight . Should I be excited ? 
We're at < PROPFEMALE > Dog . WOOT 
Life should not be too closely regulated or too methodical ... There should be room for adventure . 
Conflict breeds resolution . No one stays in this valley by faking reality . 
< PROPMALE > Midas ? No , something worse , something much worse . Look at it , that's not gold , its entropy ! Something comes to mind , something about the road to hell ... 
How can we be certain that any decision in a Chaotic system will produce the desired positive results ? Damnable emotions , get thy beak from out my heart , and get thy form from off my door ! 
My mind will choose where my eyes will focus . I will not be led by instinct or emotion . 
Gah ! The silence is deafening . No bother , ill just have to make more noise >:) 
Waiting on my turn , getting new ink , Alea Iacta Est down my forearm . 
I just want to stop feeling . 
Ok , enough of that , haha . From this point -> Forward , right ? Alea Iacta Est ! Let's see what we can do to make our situations into dreams , into fantasies ! Let's see what we can do to experience JOY ! 
Remember what it means . This might be our most important holiday . Remember that it is not the Fourth of July , its Independence Day ! 
I wonder if there is a word for this . 
And it starts over . 
THE TROOOPERRR !!! 
Going to make this a good one . Let it begin ! 
And doused the phoenix during its fledgeling emergence , but i will not let it stop my ascent . I will prevail . 
From this point forward ! 
Silly kids . You make me smile though . 
Oderint dum metuant . Mwahaha ! 
snarl grumble . 
In and out of naps for hours . The dreams are sweet , and the Associated Press has never made me feel so guilty or warm . Yes , i want to play pool . 
Haha , manifest , plumage ! This is no time for a joke ! 
Im waiting on the punchline . 
The high reward for honor is cake . And we all know what the cake is , right ? 
Looking forward to camping . Weird , isnt it ? 
< PROPFEMALE > dog , then Oklahoma bound ! 
Watching other people fishing brings me just as much excitement as doing it myself . No , more , i guess , i am not asleep yet . The lake is ok , nature is cacophonic though . Having fun . 
Camping is over , back to tending matters at home . Strange things have happened . Looking forward to my next road trip . 
Am I crazy , or does that smell really really bad ? 
Seething is the word . Cowardice and malevolence run rampant , but remember to be cautious when fighting monsters , lest you become one . Right ? 
Bring me Solo and the wookie ! 
Nemo me impune lacessit . On my honor , there will be blood . 
Allowing myself one slip , one < PROPMALE > to do what feels good , instead of the most practical solution . To give whats asked , to meet a challenge . To vent wrath instead of choking it off . 
Courage is easy to display from a large distance away . Apparently its harder when your appointment nears . No fight for me this weekend , at least not with this guy . 
Taking the high road . Grumble . 
Yeah , twist it , brother . Its not ridiculous at all . 
Summer is almost over . Summer is almost over . Summer is almost over ... All we have to do is believe , right ? Hope ? 
A brand new day , and everything that entails . 
Newspapers , pool tables , dreams ... All the same sickening diversion , all the same tools of woe . And remember , it is all self-inflicted , haha . 
That was cold , < PROPFEMALE > Mab . You should be ashamed of yourself . 
Huh , bored already ... Sick or not , now im kinda wishing i had gone to work . 
Headed to Beaver for work . Beaver , really ? Oh well , never know what's in store . This could be fun ! 
Holy hell , im at the motel , and i forgot my blankets and towel back in borger . 
Beaver's pizza hut is boring , but there is something interesting here . Mwahahaha ! 
Its after three and i am neither sleepy nor drunk . Hum . 
The news wont sate what it doesnt know makes a villain of a head confused with blood and muscle in < PROPFEMALE > tales and dreams . You know ? 
< PROPFEMALE > Mab and i are gonna throw down . 
Haha , my whole life is an ARG . No one gets every clue , though . There needs to be an incentive . Ill wager every one of you thinks my babbling is nonsense ;) 
You seem to be missing the point . I guess that's a good thing , points can be sharp . Wouldn't want you to hurt yourself . 
You have had it wrong . Its really \Absinthe makes the heart grow fonder . \"" 
Hum , profundity and simplicity . Ah well , now i know why most people keep a social \circle\ " instead of the other thing . " 
Sometimes i wish i could swallow it . To believe in its beauty . To be amazed . To feel wonder . 
\I take a strange pleasure from saying things ... that i know i will later regret saying . \"" 
One countdown after another . 
As it goes away so quickly , i wait expectantly as it brings forth what others seem to want so badly . But its not what i want , and it cant make me forget . It cant make me happy . 
Good mood , hoping for a good weekend . What's going on ? 
At ten ' till nine i looked at my window and noted the dim , mystical dark blue glow of the night sky . I smiled at the confirmation . Winter is getting closer every day . 
A spark of the fire of life , the joy of existence , is back . I feel good today , powerful . In control . Sound the alarms , this one's going to be a verifiable conflagration ! Carpe Diem ! 
I have to go for a few sticks for the fire . First , i need to cast some stones , then ill need to pick up something sweet . When thats all over , we will see what happens next - hahahaaa ! 
With a fool no season spend , lest ye be counted has his friend ... 
The time to hesitate is through , no time to wallow in the mire . Try now , we can only lose , and our love become a funeral pyre . Come on , baby -- 
Not forced , not faked , not weak . Its almost foreign , this smile of mine . You should try it . 
Wasnt there like , a jar or something , right here .. Like five minutes ago ? 
Lets all go home early , i think we deserve a break . 
Is that code , Mr. Garcin ? The door is open , ya know . 
Ooh , i feel like singing . Or punching something . Think i'll just have a cigarette . 
Yeah , i am very ready for the weekend . 
I take that back , i'm ready for something much bigger than the weekend . 
Memento Mori , friends . Do something crazy , live your lives . 
We can only truly begin to appreciate our lives once we fully understand their insignificance . 
People talk about the dumbest shit at bars . How did these people even live to see drinking age ? 
Still no sleep , this week has been a wicked blast . But really , how did I end up in Perryton ? 
Awesome weekend so far , and it only halfway through . Plus , i'm not even to the best part ! 
Winding down , too bad . It was a joy , though , wasn't it ? 
Make the best of the new week , friends . Road less travelled and all of that :) 
This place feels like a jail cell after such an exciting weekend . Who turned on the suspense flick ? 
Ah , i do love to smile . I love having a reason to do so . Heading to Liberal in the morning , a month away will be interesting . 
Oh , its been a long time , Liberal my old friend . What surprises do you have stored for me ? 
... but my words get in my waaaaaay ... Sigh . 
Breathe it deep , loves . Savor it . 
Off work and bored , someone , lets go < PROPFEMALE > out . In Liberal - hahahaha ah , sigh . 
Burn , baby , burn . 
Yesterday I killed a snake , today I saved a rabbit . Tomorrow I'm hoping for a bear . 
26 hours without sleep so far .. Eight hours of work , then off for more fun , im aiming at 48 ;) 
I'd unravel every riddle for every individ'l in trouble , or in pain . My head I'd be scratchin ' while my ideas were hatchin ' ... 
So the thought just hit me in < PROPMALE > ... I wonder what percentage of my paycheck has gone to Monster Energy and Redbull for the last couple of weeks ? Haha 
So i have been giving country music another < PROPMALE > . I have been open minded , but really , these guys are f'n morons . I was writing better lyrics in < PROPMALE > high . 
Worker bees can leave even the drones can fly away the < PROPFEMALE > is their slave . 
I miss you guys . This little hotel room is getting to be a lonely place :P 
Hey , come do my laundry for me . 
We know smoking kills us , now shut the hell up about it . 
You are not a beautiful and unique butterfly . You are the same decomposing compost as everything else . We are the all-singing all-dancing crap of the world . 
Heading back to Borger today . Im going to miss the difference , but i'll be glad to be back home . 
Ah , Borger , it hasn't been long enough . I wonder what surprises you've cooked up for me in my absence ... 
Oh i do love the rain . 
its all routines and chaos . 
Squarely set within the confines of eternity . 
Walking up the down escalator . 
Want in one hand ... 
No est ad astra mollis e terris via . ... I wonder if i spelled all of that correctly .. Oh well . 
The shining < PROPFEMALE > of the shit-pile . 
The enormity escapes me , but the intensity confounds me . 
My mother has toiled and sacrificed for my siblings and I throughout our lives . Every day I remember what she has gone through , appreciate what she has done , and hope that it only gets easier . There have been trials , but her love for her children has been the unwavering source of motive power for her , and inspiration to me . Today is her birthday . Have a great one mom . I love you . 
Dude , fxck trains . 
Let only authorities be the victims of authority . 
The play has been cancelled . FML . 
Working in Perryton . Oh , the joy ! /Gag 
Perryton doesnt want to let go , almost died on the way out of town . Back wheel broke off . Awesome . Now im on the road between Waka and Spearman :( 
Oh yeah , Leader of the Pack . Should I howl ? I feel amazing today . Got the world under my boots , Carpe Diem ! 
Well constructed , but unstable . Integrity that causes breakdowns . Empathy that wants only apathy . Feelings that cry out for anesthetics . 
Egyahd ! Folgers tastes just as bad as I remember . Ah well , its caffiene , and that makes it a holy substance . Have a good day fellow coffeedrinkers . Screw the rest of you . ;) 
I feel like singing , but I can't think of any words that fit the situation . Im thinking something between the Hokey-Pokey and Enjoy The Silence . 
Seriously , im sure that this level of boredom must cause at least like , cancer or something . 
So i saw that a local rock band needs a vocalist , i get excited . Im at work so i get a friend to do the talking . Everything looks great , except they already broke up . Fail . 
WDIDW ? WWIS2B ? WISAD , WYRM ? 
Midnight Rodeo . You gotta be fuckin ' kidding me . 
Seriously , this bar is crap . I havent ever seen this many rednecks outside of a rodeo or a Wal-Mart . 
Fed my snake for the first time today . I think i might need therapy . 
First Halloween in a long time that i havent had anything to do . Maybe i should stop being such an A-hole to people ... ... ... Nah . 
Que sera sera . 
We dont need no water let the motha%#@&a burn ... 
Happy Guy Fawkes Day , everyone ! Lets all perform our own little rebellions today , carpe diem ! 
We're too young to know better , but frailty comes with age . So , we run towards armageddon while our legs still have the strength . 
Lesson learned too late #8 : The Classic Underachiever motif , while very romantic in high school , gets really crappy around your mid-20's . 
Well then , at least i dont feel bad anymore . Happy , confident , meticulous , merciless . ;) 
Idk why . Sometimes it just overwhelms me how utterly retarded Pascal's Wager is . I guess it just haunts me that people actually use it as an arguement . Stick to math , you idiot . 
What the hell ? Thunder and lightning all night long , i expected everything to be drenched . Not covered in snow .. O.o 
It already is fading so quickly , and it made everything seem so pure . Double the time , and it will be nothing but a bittersweet memory . 
Per mi se va ne la citta dolente ... 
It is my will which chooses , and the choice of my will is the only edict I must respect . 
Life is a treasure . Its all we have , enjoy it . I love life . 
I wonder what zebra jerky would taste like . 
Thinking about going to see my dad , who i havent seen in like four years , while i am in Perryton tonight . Not sure though . 
Scratch that . In place i say : No est ad astra mollis et terris via . 
This started as a blissful day , but then things went awry . Now theres just a flame of hate , and tears stinging my eyes . 
People say im a troubled boy / just because i like to destroy / all the things that bring idiots joy . / Whats wrong with a little destruction ? 
Morals do not reside in actions , but in intents . 
A wonderful time with my siblings , mother , and beautiful girlfriend , all of whom i respect , admire , and love - very much . This is why we are alive . Happy Thanksgiving , everyone . 
I have a cold . i am not happy about this . i intend to launch a full investigation . 
My ferret died :( 
Dear Hip-Hop , \ 
Choke . And die . \ 
Respectfully , \ 
- < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
May I have your attention , please ? Love . Thank you , that is all . 
Today makes me very , very sad that I dont have a computer anymore :( 
\Numbers game\ " spam = fail . " 
like an amputee in a fistfight . 
\ ... No . I am saying that I want you to light a fire so damn big that the Gods will notice us again ! \"" 
Despite all my rage ... 
Its sometimes difficult to pull off persona non grata status with a sense of dignity . I do a pretty darn good job of it , though , I think . 
\Nothin ' worse than a monster what thinks he's right with God . \"" 
Life is good . 
I would rather you think me corrupt than have to think myself a hypocrite . 
New self-imposed safety rule : No driving a real car for one half of an hour after playing < PROPFIRST > Kart Wii . 
Best things I heard at work yesterday :\ 
\He's as dumb in the head as a hog is in the ass ! \ " \ 
You ever experience those moments when you really really wish you had the mental power to make stuff burst into flames ? 
\People who for whatever reason don't want to see the truth can be acutely hostile to it and shrill in their denunciation of it . They frequently turn their venomous antagonism on whoever dares point out that truth . \"" 
\He who willfully turns from the truth commits treason to himself . \ " WR #10 " 
Working in Perryton . Smells like cow poo . 
Im still working in Perryton and word is stuck in my head . Much like a song , it keeps appearing , running through my head , and escaping my lips . The word ? Anathema . 
When did \safety\ " become synonymous with \ " jackassery \"?" 
I am a hedgehog . 
Working outside of Farnsworth today , and i cannot help feeling a slight uneasiness . i dont know why , its not like there are Evil Chicken Armies roving around out here ... 
I blew up the engine in my car on the way back from Perryton today . Yaaaaay . \ 
/wrist 
Remember , they cant beat you if you don't play according to their rules . 
Someday , i am going to kick 4am's ass . 
I want a job where i just be mean to people all day :( 
Casablanca , check . 
When the hell did \inbox\ " become a verb ? " 
Citizen Kane , check . 
There is like , no place to eat on a Sunday morning in Borger . I swear , TC , if I find you before I find breakfast , i really am going to kick your ass . 
So , in recap : Casablanca , 12 Angry Men , Citizen Kane , and All The President's Men . Any suggestions for what should be next ? 
I love this Cynics vs . Romantics stuff . 
I am working in Farnsworth , right , and I can't get over how much cooler this < PROPFEMALE > town would be with a huge statue of Professor < PROPMALE > Farnsworth set up overlooking the rooftops . 
What's better than coffee to wake you up in the morning ? A 110mph rush down backroads to get to work on time . 
I think all of these stray dogs in Farnsworth are conspiring against me . 
Load water . Spray water . Get covered in mud . Rinse off . Get covered in Mud . Rinse off . Get covered in Mud . Rinse off . Load water . Repeat . Day 30-something . 
Someone throw me a bone and tell me you also like black licorice . I am feeling very alone on the matter . 
Your life is your own ; rise up and live it ! 
Been listening to NPR and some Christian station all morning . Humans really are pathetic . From the ooze to the Arts i doubt our ancestors would have crawled through a million years of slime just for us to turn around and spit it back in their faces . Humans could be so < PROPMALE > , so productive , so happy ... 
I am pro-defense , anti-government , pro-choice , anti-welfare , anti-union , anti-corporate , pro-marriage equality , pro-assassination , anti-war , anti-marriage , pro-death penalty , anti-religion , anti-prohibition , pro-religious freedom ; and pro-noncontradiction . Vote for me ! 
Nobody likes a crybaby . 
Cross your fingers 
Reading Fight Club . I loved the movie , and Choke , and so far a lot of the narrator's dialogue looks to have been taken verbatim from the book . I think I am going to enjoy this . 
For true hope to thrive , false hope must be destroyed . 
I still sing the ABC's in my head when washing my hands . Sometimes , in a public restroom , someone will walk behind me and I will catch them giving me an odd look , and I realize i have been singing it aloud . 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > Wars with the French audio will ruin Darth Vader for you . 
This is the kind of morning that makes me wish I could whistle better . 
Heading to Midnight Rodeo . Here's to not learning lessons the first time ! 
So I quit my job , and am starting one that'll make more than double what I am used to . Best part ? No mud . /woot 
Found a great house , so I'm moving to Stinnett ! 
