Wish school was over . 

I was in court for six #$@ ! hours today . Because of an arrest way back on New Year's Day . In 2008 . 
Just watched < PROPMALE>'s Ladder . I was a little underwhelmed , thought it was going to be at least a little scary . 
Just finished a research paper . In about a month , I will be done with school for the foreseeable future ! 
I am now the owner of a titanium spork . 
I just got an A on the research paper I was worried about ! 
Done !!!!! With !!!!! School !!!!!!!! 
2010 , do me a favor and fuck off out of my kitchen ! 
just watched Avatar and District 9 ( a little overdue on that one ) . Both of them were pretty damn good . 
When I'm older , I want my friends to kick down my door if they don't hear from me for three days . 
And , where power and riches existed , so did corruption- especially since the Lord Ruler tended to police his nobility far less than he did the skaa . 
Just watched \Ink . \ " Incredible movie . " 
If I ever consider bidding the east side again , perhaps one of my friends would be good enough to take me in for a mental eval . Eleven months to go .... 
Bike repairs completed . Now if the rest of the lessons go more smoothly .... 
Good-bye , January ! You sucked like few other months before you . 
Sometimes being sick is better than being at work ! 
Another day in the Tenth Circle of Hell comes to an end ! Only 321 * to go ! 
Just watched Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog . Took me a little while to get into it , but it was actually pretty good ! 
Needed twice the usual dose of caffeine at work today . Daylight savings is no one's friend ! 
I haven't felt this good for a long time . 
is looking forward to not going to work for the next ten days . Maybe I can get my head back in the game after taking a break . 
just spent the day tearing out the carpet in < PROPFIRST>'s room . Vast improvement , but I think I might not quite have the < PROPFEMALE > of \vacationing . \"" 
Capsaicin is a better cure than medicine . 
Vodka is better than rum . 
Today , a grown man asked me to put him in < PROPMALE > care because he can't move out of his mom's house until God gives him a job . \ 
\ 
He better have one bitchin ' resume . 
I just cleaned < PROPFIRST>'s room with a snow shovel ! 
Tomorrow is the last day of \camp\ " for the kids . < PROPFIRST > & I are going to try to go see Inception while they're out . " 
< PROPFIRST > has jury duty ! 
Doctor says my MCL is sprained . At least it's getting better . 
Go see Inception . Damn good movie . 
< PROPFIRST > just got out of surgery , she needed a pin in her tibia . She's in recovery now , might have to stay overnight . 
didn't have to go to court today ! 
< PROPFIRST > is watching Twin Peaks . She just bought a DVD of the entire series .... I'd forgotten how weird this show is . 
Thanks , guys ! It was a pretty damn good day . Ridiculously busy , but good . 
So THIS is why my parents yelled at me so much when I was a teenager . I get it now ... 
They just sent out the seniority list , but what I really want is the bid schedule so the official countdown can begin ! 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxOTtVkFk2E 
Just finished setting up wifi . Is this what the 21st century looks like ? 
In court today , they wouldn't let me say where I was dispatched to because the judge considered that hearsay . 
55 
The bid did NOT go as planned , not even close . Good enough , though . 
Apparently , standard 45 lb weight bars are not weightless . 
It took about five minutes to get < PROPFIRST>'s license renewed on-line . Beats that hour that it took me ... 
People throwing pee at each other ... long day . 
Witnesses on call : the court's way of screwing up my day without paying me for it . 
Finally watched < PROPFIRST > Pilgrim vs . the World . Very funny movie , but I'm not sure that even I was ever geek enough to fully appreciate it . 
Goodbye , district two . Go to Hell ! 
Please copy and paste this into your status if you know someone , or have been affected by someone who needs a punch in the face . People who need a punch in the face affect the lives of many . There is still no known cure for people who need a punch in the face , except , a punch in the face . 99.99% of people won't re-post this . Why ? Because they probably need a punch in the face ! 
Tonight , I'm going to get drunk and read directives ! :) 
Should've just got drunk . Directives gave me a headache . 
The heater in my car doesn't work very well . Whenever it's this cold out , I have to roll the window down when I drive so that the window doesn't fog up . After about 20 minutes , I might be able to roll the window up . 
