I've got some business to attend to today . I'm gonna be one busy lady !!! 

Watching Food Network . Some the new shows are kind of silly ... 
Just got home from my son's football game . They lost by 1 touchdown , but they played GREAT !!! 
Watching < PROPFEMALE > and her friend watch a scary movie . Funny stuff ! It just ended and she said it is time to watch Disney ! 
Somebody needs to spike the water in East Texas . I really want to be an aunt !!! 
I got the yummiest welcome package from American Crafts today ! I can't wait to get that stuff in the store !!! 
Watching Arkansas beat S . Carolina .... not by choice though . I think I'm gonna go upstairs to scrap !! 
Getting ready to take < PROPMALE > to an end of season party for the Wrangler football team . It's time to wrap up all things football and focus on Bball now . 
All is good in my world . I'm not losing any sleep tonight . 
I'm not really understanding the point of the pokes ... 
I really don't want to be in Arkansas right now ! 
It can be very frustrating and hurtful with people jump to conclusions ! 
Just learned to make a kick booty pomgranate martini ... oh boy ! 
I have so much to do , I can't seem to organize my thought into something I can work with . So what do I do ? Go to FB . Geesh ... I think I need coffee ! 
About to kick back with a martini and watch movies with the family . 
Times , they are a changin ' ... 
Hopes < PROPMALE > picks Vienna and sends < PROPFEMALE > Mouse home !! 
I finally let my 15 yo son get a fb account and i'm freaking out a little . Am I over protective or what ? Actually I have been a little mental lately anyway . Somebody come save me ! 
Pondering life . I love how some things never change ! 
missing east Texas soooo much right now ! 
is finding it difficult to get and at ' em this morning . It's gonna be a good day though ! 
ok people ... would you please quit voting for < PROPFEMALE > ??? she can't freaking dance !!!! 
Im gonna win the lottory tonight . Y'all wait ' n see ! :) 
He's telling us this and he's tell us that , says it doesn't matter .... 
Why do I always have a typo ? 
I gotta learn to stay off of facebook when I have a show recorded . 
I think I have the most compassionate son in the world . He may have a big ego , but his heart is GIGANTIC ! :) 
I won , I won ! $5 ! See , I told ya . < PROPFEMALE > your nickle is in the mail . :p 
laundry , done . early dinner tonight then off to watch a naturals baseball game with the girls . gonna be a great night . :) 
Woo hoo !! Arkansas naturals beat the travelers ! Way to go boys !!! 
Rain , rain go away ! ( but hey , thanks for watering the lawn ) 
\ oh my poor Westley ! What have I done ? \"" 
is having way too much fun watching < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPMALE > play just dance on the wii ! great stuff ! 
Has a Killer freaking headache that just will not go away ! Uggghh ! 
I made a really awesome pot of chicken and dumplings tonight ! Not at all like the gunk I made for Aunt < PROPFEMALE > and Uncle < PROPMALE > . Why is it I always make crap when I cook for other people ? 
Well I'll be damned ... We had an earthquake today . 2.5 first ever for < PROPMALE > county Arkansas . The big one may be closer than we think ... 
There are children who read my posts so I am gonna be nice , but I am wondering ... How many times does a person have to defend themselves , or how many people does a person have to threaten ( pubically , I might add ) before that person realizes they are the real problem ? When you stop callenging the world around you , life gets so much easier . Let go of all that hate and anger and let love in ! 
I just added a new playlist of some of my faves right now . Mostly older stuff . I'm not really digging much of the new stuff lately . 
is wondering how my folks in Texas are doing the day after the party . I love you guys ! 
schwoo .... Cole is home from his FCA retreat ... Now I can breath again 
Happy Mother's Day to my beautiful Mommy !! Happy birthday to my Step-Dad ! I love you both !!! 
Why o why can't I go to sleep ?! Ugh ! 
ouchie ... 
How many folks do you know that have been invited to < PROPFEMALE > on the tour bus and then just eat pizza ( and drink water ) and watch the food network ? Yea , I may be the first . :D 
is thinking auto correct is playing games with her . 
Finally got my crawfish boil last night , but I had to say goodbuy to a couple of really great friends . I love you < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > . Best of luck with your new adventures ! Can't wait for Christams in July !! 
It is so quiet in the house this morning . Beautiful ! 
is no where near ready to go to bed . 
dum ditty dum ditty dum dum dum .... 
Bonefish + great friends = wonderful evening ! Thank you girls for a great time last night . I had so much fun ! 
You know you are a scrapper when you force your son to take a camera with him on the last day of school . I hope I get some good pics to work with . \) " 
First day of the summer at home with the kids all day ... running in and out ... needing this and that ... yelling my name ... fighting . *** SIGH *** I can do this . \) " 
The roast that has been cooking all day smells soooo good . I'm getting very hungry ! 
Thanks guys ! Ya'll are amazing and I love you all ! \ 
I was surprised with breakfast in bed . I have a couple of things to finish up this morning , then I am off to pick blueberries ! And the rest of the day I'm slummin ' it . I'm a lucky girl ! 
Thanks to everyone for all the wonderful b-day wishes yesterday . It was a great day ! 
Hates when you get up in the morning and the house still smells like last nights dinner . 
I've got something good a brewin ' ... 
At the moment , kind of bored I am . 
I wanta , really really really wanta zig a zig ah ! 
I want s'more!!! 
Just made what I am certain to be an amazing new friend ! Too bad we live so far apart , cause I'm thinking maybe we could tear this town up ! 
All I wanna do is zooma zoom zoom zoom and a boom boom ! 
Had a LARGE time this past week . VERY well worth the loss of sleep , sore muscles , a few inexplicable bruises and this insane neck pain .... but waking up in my own bed , walking outside at 10 am to 73 degrees and actually being able to get on the internet with lightening fast speed ..... SPLENDID ! 
I'm swearing off sodas . That means I need to find a new alcoholic beverage or drink the bourbon straight . I don't think I'm ready to do that . Any suggestions ? 
Y am I up at 5am with a bunch of crazy crap on my mind ? * sigh * Ima turn on some Ragweed and waller .... 
Dear facebook : cyber poking makes no sense and only serves to get on my nerves . \ 
Dear everyone else : If someone out there wants my attention , I don't care how stupid you sound .... SPEAK ! 
Day two of no soda has gone great ! It is easier than I expected it to be . Prolly cause I am so much more determined than I have been in the past . So now I'm about to try a little something with alcohol in it . I think I'm going with vodka tonight ... 
Inbox\ 
me and tell me something you have always wanted to say to me & I'll\ 
keep it between us !!!! Post this as your status and see what you get ... 
No cravings for soda , but dude I could sho use some oreo's n milk ! 
Uggh ! I feel like a crazed cat on red bull juggling hot potatoes while riding a unicycle across the atlantic . 
Question : I wonder if one knows how unintelligent one seems when one utters the word ' supposebly' ? Seriously folks ... supposedly . It really isn't hard . 
I think we all should be able to have exactly what we want , WHEN we want it . Dang it ! Frustration abounds !!! 
Gonna pack a picnic lunch , load up the jet ski and head to\ 
the lake ! Whoop ! 
Spent the day on the jet ski and gotta bit of a sunburn . I swear , SPF 100 won't protect this white girl !! Anywho ... Now we r off to the < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > concert at < PROPFIRST>'s . I'm afraid a sunburn and a crowded concert r not a good mix . 
So .... do you get ON a boat , or IN a boat ? 
CRAP ! This sunburn feels like it is getting worse . Could someone please follow me around with a spritzer ? Spritz , blow , repeat ....... 
My momma cracks me up !!! 
that's right that's what i said . \ 
\ 
that's the best thought i ever had . \ 
so what do you say ? \ 
we've got nothing to lose ..... 
I'm thinking , I wish I could wiggle my nose and dinner would be on the table . Where is < PROPFEMALE > when you need her ? 
I finally saw Valkyrie . It's a great movie . I \ 
highly recommend it . The only problem I have with it is I'm thinking \ 
Liam Neeson would have made a better < PROPMALE > Stauffenberg . 
I had such an amazing week reconnecting with old friends and making new ones . My heart is full of joy and my cup runneth over ! 
It feels really great to know what you want . But getting it is a whole other story . 
No bullsh*t here ! Not even one miniscule drop . 
Baiting a hook is not the most fun thing in the world , but watching my grandfather catch what he believes is his first fish in 20 years is so worth it ! 
Woohoo rain !!!! 
When you truly love another person , shouldn't it be unconditional ? If it weren't , very few of us would be loved . What a sad world that would be . Trust that when I let you into my heart , it is unconditional and I hope for the same love in return . That is the very least we all deserve . 
