HAPPYMUTHAFUGGINNEWYEARS !!! Have a good one the show must go on 

Ok so even though I'm supposed to be at work for a 12 hour shift that I'm not even sure the guarantee certainty of a break . I decided to keep up in good faith of old traditions to ... dun dun dun ... party . but it sucks I'm not with the crew ... its all alone again on new years . Cheers to me and me and my better half me . God I'm twisted dude 
W00t ! Fuggin twisted out the gourd ... this message has been brought to by budlight , high times , and liquid cocaine lol nuuuiiiiice ... holla at me I'm not shy ... send some messages 
Liquid Cocaine . 1 Part Goldschlager . 1 Part Jagermeister . 1 Part Bacardi 151 . Enjoy . Works by the shot or for u risk takers by the glass 
Ok let's do some simple math . Half hungover plus no sleep plus late for work because driver doesn't own an alarm clock ... equals a great fuggin day in the making ... 
Ok 5 more hours ... damn dude ... then I'm off til 4 tomorro 
Fuggin a . Partyd like a rockstar ... and slept like a speedfreak after the binge ... lmao 
Listen to the rain , \ 
Extinguish the pain , \ 
Listen to the thunder , \ 
Feel a growing hunger , \ 
Listen to the drops , \ 
They just can't be stopped , \ 
Wait for the end of the shower , \ 
Witness rebirth in the form of a flower ... 
Yay ... todays word is ... joint . Example sentence everybody pitched in on a joint effort to get done get high get gone 
Bout to clock in ... what wonders lie ahead ? 
Not a whole lot just figured I would see the extent of my new phone lol 
Not a whole lot at this second ... workin on turkeyday for reg pay ... total shit . 
Its 318 in the morning . I can't damn well sleep so I'm going to see what facebook has to offer . What the hell people ... be a friend.be sociable ... lol holla at me 
Well holy crap ... one too many later and my profile is updated rather nicely . Check me out add as a friend and bullshit with me 
Well ... I am sober again , but the party has only just begun . Always remember that . The show must go on . 
Dude , I'm rollin like Michelins ... feel good as a motherfucker bro ... thinkin crash time soon but holla at me lol 
Woke in a haze , live in a maze , no wonder I'm all the rage ... \ 
People love ya when u can't tell which is up or down ... damn them 
Dammit man . All wound on sparks and such and I realize ... work is only 8 hours away 
Working xmas < PROPFEMALE > for reg pay total bullshit but money nonetheless ... damn < PROPFEMALE > and its cutting corners 
Happy Holidays erryone . Enjoy and be safe . Don't do anything I wouldn't do ... leaves a world of opportunity for ya lol 
Ok seriously there is nothing on my mind right now ... its on christmas vacation to keave my body doing stupid shit 
And I can't seem to spell all of a sudden 
Damnit man . < PROPFEMALE > fuggin christmas fo all and to all a very twiztid new year lol I'm starti early since xmas was a letdown 
The roads suck the damn cold is nippy ... but my head is warm and my heart is fairly cheerful other than another holiday spent solo ... its not bad but its just nice to have that moment where u feel so alive because of your better half ... 
happiness can't be bought my ass ... it can be bought sold stolen bargaind traded etc ... just depends your choice of happiness(es ) ... lol 
Well I worked my slave ass schedule ... now I'm off til tomorro ... then 2 dayz away from my own personal hell 
Still doin my time in my personal frozen hell ... had to take five or sit in freezer to make this post . U decide what I done . Lmao waitin to get off and go jam 
Hmm ... Actually for a change I have managed to kill all the hustle and bustle in my life for a second ... its rather dull though don't you agree ? I mean after all is relaxed and the turmoil stops don't you think for one second that maybe you couldn't have it relax like this all the time . Lol hit me up 
Listenin 2 lamb of god tryin to wake up ... its like dammit man . 
Now I'm awake ... too bad I'm not awake ... that's what happens after too many dances with the devil ... it was nice while it lasted but all good things do end at one point or another ... just hope the next day unveils another good thing ... 
steps to happiness . Step one find a spot . Step two twist some < PROPFEMALE > la . Step three inhale cough and relax . Learned that from an older head ... awesome people 
Thumbing through photos of the past , I stop upon one here and one there ... just gazing , remembering better times ... god what I wouldn't do to go back and make things right ... and then other photos , I will say that I'm glad I changed ... the sharpie make up treatment is a forever constant reminder ... lol maybe I'm learning after all ... 
And for some reason I just can't fall asleep ... wtf man . I was told once stress does more harm to ya than speed does ... believe me it does ... 
300am is here and still awake . What misery must I endure for five minutes of peace 
Ok I'm alive again ... decided to join the land of the living for a bit . Hello world . Lmao 
Ok I'm like super tired too damn early ... this winter crap has to go ... hello 90 degrees . 
What a wonderful world ... the sun is failing to shine the birds have failed to sing and for some reason all my friends have families now ... wow maybe I'm destined to truly be alone . If so I better get on with the partying ... 
Dude . I'm so twisted . And hello world to you to lmao . 
Dammitman . Work was long ... god was it rough . Manager calls out I get stuck with main manager thinkin she was gettin out at 4 .... I get there at two ... 9 hours no break ... 2 < PROPFEMALE > smoke breaks ... and I was supposed to jam with some buddies ... wtf ... oh well I'm well on my way now ... time to go shower this funky pizza shit off me ... holla 
New Years Resolution ? Are you serious ?... I made it another year ... 2011 . Cheers to all the good friends , good times , and good money ... I'm down to see what kinda crazy stuff 2011 got to show ... maybe a better paycheck ... better guitfiddle stuff ... better life ... cheers again 
Ok before I crash , I bid you all goodnight . Happy F*cking New Years !!! Holla . Check me out 
Todays word is plastered . Lol that's exactly the way many of us will see the new years lol 
Well , I Sincerely think 2010 was an epic fail . Let's see what 2011 holds in store 
Wow . Workin new years < PROPFEMALE > and new years day ... to party or not that is the question ... 
Look at me baby , \ 
In shambles , in ruins , \ 
Why me ? \ 
I failed at all else ... \ 
What makes you think you can change me ... \ 
I'm hellbent and facing the barrel of a gun ... \ 
What can save me ? \ 
If you must plea with the executioner ... \ 
Then I want a good explanation . \ 
\ 
Lol sorry had to bring an old 1 back ... its called \fucking forget me\ " but it was one of those nights lol who likey likey lol " 
But great thing is I made it for 2011 and I think it really has to get better lol 
Well . I came . I partied . I Conquered . Next up a song for the lacking cells in my head . \Greatest hits\ " . Sublime lol " 
Ok so I found out that my mother sold my shit ... if you see a natural finished < PROPFIRST > vendetta a black and white ibanez knockoff its a baltimore and vox da 15 amp . Tell them to get it back to < PROPMALE > forth they are stolen ... if they don't like it too fucking bad how does receiving stolen property sound ? A word to my mother . your best bet is to leave me the fuck alone . You screwed up . Not me . 
I'm hungover ... god what a great feeling 
For sobriety has struck and its time to repent for the evils I unveiled 
Amends made . Thank god . 
Groceries ... I love food I just don't love obtaining it . 
Well , Do ya ever stop to think maybe time is going real fast ... of course you could be moving real slow . Just a thought . 
Now that I step back and take a deep breath and relax , the world seems a bit easier to take in small doses 
Life is a series of fixes ... We are all addicts . Constantly searching for that new kill , that next hit , that next 1000 dollar toy . We are all addicted . Get over it . We all have addictive personalities ... why do we strive to do better things ... addicted to it ... hmm 
My eyes are hazy , \ 
My thoughts are lazy , \ 
My heart is burnt , \ 
My hair all crazy , \ 
Let it burn , Let it Burn ... \ 
Bottles turn , Bottles turn ... \ 
Next day will be shitty for sure lol . 
Twisted Maybe ? 
Ballin . Its 420am Mcdonalds has breakfast . Waffle House offers piece within the inner glass while allowing you to observe the world ... its just fuckin amazing . Here's to many more waffle house nights . Cheers 
So is anyone out there lol 
Tell me , Did it ever occur to anyone that maybe there is a reason the planet went off the deep end while I was sleeping . Its miserable outside . And wow dude its just gotten out of hand ... why can't we all be friends ... hmm . 
So much misplaced rage , anger sprayed at random , I'm a loaded gun baby ... turn around and run . 
The weather outside is frightful the fire is merely a bunch of embers . The cold has sank in . 
Ok working on 6 hours left . God what fun lies ahead 
Well . Somehow I managed to fuck things up again ... ok and here's a toast to my hopelessness . Cheers 
Sometimes a divine wind must cross your path for you to realise your true < PROPFEMALE > ... I believe I have met with mine . I took a real hard slap in the face believe me it hurt . But I realise I fucked up so its time to move on . 
Ok , I just woke up ... fuck . I'm used to wakin up earlier than this but I had some issues and shit so now its been 2 in the afternoon or later wtf 
Ok so I have been taking a lot of me time here lately ... I guess its needed . I think I'm losin it tho lol on a real note 
So now I'm back awake ... been dozin in an out all day . God what a miserable day lol 
Ok its breakfast time playin guitfiddle it feels right jammin with the boys 
Seriously its too damn cold to do anything ... that's why I can't wait for the summer ... ppl hit me up bored here lol 
[ Behind the scenes . Let's leave it that way . ] Other than that I'm down to clown . 
Ok so its 6am ... still awake everyone thinks I'm krankd out my ass again and its just a wonderful white day ... lmao in some parts the white might not be so white lol . 
Its fuggin snowin again ... are ye serious ... I love the crystals just hate the cold ... its almost like a love hate relation ... I love the powdery stuff I just hate the 16 degrees that it brings with it ... 
So this is like 2 weeks of me being on another time frame ... and I swear to you all I'm not on any speed whatsoever . It would be nice because then I could explain this shit ... seriously . 
Seriously if I had millions to play with ... id sleep like a baby . And probably have fancy shit but it goes without saying id become a fat lazy fuck that never has to worry about money lol . Its amazing how a few honest words can tell a lot about a person 
Hmm , sleep is a wonderful commodity . Yes I said commodity . I get it in small bursts 
Absinthe ... juicy juice ... malibu ... jesus I'm fucked . 
Ah , a hangover I could live with . Absinthe n malibu lol . Its more like a head high than a hangover lol . Absinthe does taste like cough syrup tho ... robotrippin anyone lol 
So check it . Wierd night at work . I felt like everything around me was moving at half the speed of smell . Do you realize what goes through a bullets mind before impact ? Nothing . Which is exactly me tonight iz on autopilot . But definitely worth drinkin a lil drink and smokin a lil smoke lol it was impressive 
Staring down the barrel of a bottle , \ 
Smelling the wonderful snowfall , \ 
Inhaling the garden , \ 
Every day , Every way . \ 
Everyones elevated in their own way . \ 
So breath deeply friends , \ 
Tis a feast of magic and euphoria ahead ... 
Where's my intellectual heads at lol 
No seriously Where the heads at ... holla at me I don't care what kinda head you are . I thrive upon intellectual conversation I'm lackin for the day 
Ok so really I'm twisted well and about to crash send me a message post or something and I will get back to you . beep . good bye . 
K its crazy I'm awake now lol what up world 
Real talk . Shit day at work with a lot of unnecessary bullshit . After work was great . 90 proof peach schnapps and other commodities . Feel great but the hardest part is I go back to work in like 5 hours ... alriiight where are the mountains of speed when you need em ? Seriously everyone has needed a boost ... well , its my turn . 
The Jester has entered the room . 
A lil ' more happy is what we need . All this bullshit goin on in the world . Feel me ? 
No more locked doors ! 
Ok work in like 3 hours for 13 hours of my life that ill never get back but get reimbursed the meager rate of 7.25 an hour ... wow so american . Don't give me the shit of find another job . There ain't too much shit . Trust I walked this town for 8 months total out of the past 2 years . Ain't a damn thing . 
Ok lol work in 2 and a half hours I'm still pumpin up from yesterday ... yay ... strong coffee anyone 
Ok . Today = holy shit dude ... I'm barely alive . 
Money makes the world spin ... not to mention the imrpovements in ya girlfriend lmao 
Whatscrackalackinyo ? 
Ok so the roommates had heat on hot ... I woke out of a dead sleep covered in sweat ... this was no porno dream . I swear . Its really hot bro 
\Trust ... tis merely a fabrication ... thinking I won't get right . You are hella mistaken \"" 
Simple truth . People are going to hurt you its just a matter of where they stab you . 
Really interesting stuff here people . We got soldiers fighting for crude oil . We got police fighting this bogus war on drugs . Got politicians fighting over bullshit laws and provisions ... what words come up a lot in the mentioned ? War and fighting . < PROPFEMALE > is a warlike country ... its like the words fight and war give us a hard on ... 
Ok ... so I feel that for some reason I just can't shake old urges ... I try and try and try 
Ok so before I lay my head to rest , I want to leave you with these words . \If only I could live my life in a euphoric state all the time ... I might not accomplish must but I have felt peace and happiness " 
And a parting thought before I tumble to sleep ... why is it everytime I do right things never work out in my favour unless its a small thing then its me but if I do wrong I still don't fair that well ... maybe I'm just like everyone else .... misunderstood . lol 
Ok so for real I'm supahblowwd . its 3am noone is awake . Not at the hoose so erryone just gotta bear with me . It was time to enjoy myself .... and I have . 
So ya things are goin iight even though they is a few things that could hurry . 
Why is it for some fucked up reasoning that no matter what I do no matter how hard I try I can't seem to please all ... damnit why do I have to be me ? Can't do shit right and can't please anyone ... fuck em . Its my turn to shine . 
\Do you have excess drama in your life . Try Dramacodone . Available in small to excess dosages for all your drama needs . \"" 
Ah scalding hot shower to wash away the remnants of a bad night ... karma points . Remember good things happen to good people 
So I've eaten , showered , and shaved ... good impressions people . Always remember this ... behind the scenes work is forever lol I prefer to be like < PROPFEMALE > force in early 70s . unknown lol 
Ok so my phones now a 2.2 android ... bout time . save to sd . Great stuff 
No sleep + work 8 2 5 + strong coffee + full fledged partyyd out = gonna be a fun day in paradise babeh ... where my hardcore homiez at ? For real . the road to excess leads to great wealth of knowledge .... 
So I'm off work . Tired yet wired . Totally stoked to be able to put a few back with the broskis ... 
Now I'm awake and waitin for work ... played the guitbox . Broke the heavy string . I have a tattoo needle now lol 
Has had it up to here * points to ceiling * with all the bullshit ... can all the bullshitters take a day off for a change or are u guys like an all night seven eleven ? Jesus ... that's all I'm sayin . 
Ah about to crash been a lil under the weather today and arthritic as hell ... wtf cold weather can't u just go back where u came from ? 
Why can't life just stop for one damn second and just let me off for this go round ? I need a fucking break . A break from all the bullshit , all the bullshitters , all the bad situations , everything . I dearly mean everything . Just let me off for a bit 
Fuck fuck fuckity fuck fuck . Ya ever have those moments where just one fuck just won't cut it ? I mean like ya really got worked over or you really screw up or maybe its a combo of both ... I mean as before I need a break so these outbursts won't happen lol let the world stop and let's all hop off of it awhile . It'll . Do ya some good trust me 
Ok so I stepped off the map for a day ... < PROPFEMALE > me . Everything happens for a reason . Its has for centuries . 
Sitting alone in the dark , \ 
I heard a cry that sent a start , \ 
Venture to my place , \ 
Sit down in disconnection , \ 
The problem seems to be ... \ 
I can't look at my reflection . 
Tossing and turning , \ 
Midnight oil burning , \ 
All the love I found , \ 
All the happiness I've unwound , \ 
Scattered on the ground ... \ 
Self destruction so soon , \ 
My figure slowly swoons , \ 
Down to the ground ... again 
The question of the day .... WHAT HAPPENED ? lmao 
Lying alone in the pillows tonight , \ 
Way too well off , \ 
I asked for reprieve , \ 
I begged an answer , \ 
Tried so hard to understand ... \ 
It seems the other me was afraid of me ... \ 
What an animal ? What have I done ? \ 
It seems the answer was sent in mysterious ways ... 
Is Currently awaiting next shift in six and half hours lol work til 5 then a bbq baby 
Staring at the scattered reflections on the floor , \ 
An epiphany fell unto me ... \ 
The wine spilt so beautifully ... \ 
Making all the scattered reflections human again ... \ 
Unearthing a long fought battle ... \ 
Revealing the deepest of demons ... \ 
And a beckoning cry to fall on deaf ears ... 
Ok worked today and work in the am and try and waste some time ... sounds like a go to me . All systems cleared for takeoff lol 
Is in for a looooong night/day . Oh joy lol 
Ok so work is slow ... the weather is just gorgeous lol ... dammit man 
Money-(noun)- Prerequisite for stupidity . 
Well I'm one step closer to having my tax money but gotta update my drivers license ... wtf 
New license ... taxes done ... bills due ... what a great way to be waitin on my money lmao 
So ... got everything figured out and it seems its just a hassle to be waiting on funds from the irs ... 
Yay ... Money causes nothing but problems ... why in the fuck is everyone driven by something that changes people similar to the way < PROPFEMALE > meth changes people ... its sickening 
Actually at this point ... I'm merely ready to get smashed . Too much bullshit not enough actual real shit ... 
Falling awake again , \ 
Staring at the ceiling ... \ 
Dull throbbing in my head , \ 
What did I do ? \ 
Recollecting my recklessness , \ 
I look at me and see , \ 
Maybe things just aren't what they seem ... 
Sittin again trippin to tunes ... it makes life a lil easier to bear 
Mouth for war . Enough said . 
Awaiting funds . Awaiting move back in town . Awaiting for new futon and new guitfiddle lol 
Is shaken , not stirred . 
Giggity giggity goo . Nuff said 
Dammitman . It blows my mind . I'm awaiting til nearer the end of the month to move in with some homehz and have cheaper rent . But I also get the joys of being in a place I'm familiar with . And if I want . To piss off my back porch , to shoot some guns off , and enjoy country life again with being closerr to work lol 
Ok its 345 and I'm bout to crash . Farewell all and to all a good night . The show will start again in roughly 5 to 6 hours if I'm lucky 
Ok ... I got moved yay . I now live in mt < PROPFIRST > again hell yea 
Ok . < PROPFIRST>'s day is not my holiday . Give me some april showers ... the only thing good for me today is payday is in like 50 < PROPFEMALE > ... brewski bound . 
Ballin . I have officially christened me house . Am well partied and prepared for a day of relaxin . 
What do you do ? \ 
When all else fails , \ 
When all hope is gone , \ 
The long way home , \ 
If I could just remember where it is ... 
Nice . Day off . Found extra brews and woke up feelin great let's do this . 
One beer , two beer , three beer , more ... if I continue my debauchery I shall soon hit the floor . Lol 
Ok so I'm chillin on break . Guess I'm here for a bit 
And it seems the darkest times are falling .... where in the fuck is the silver lining ? 
Is totally relaxed .... la la la lol 
Late nite munchies .... drivin to the < PROPFEMALE > . Ballin its the fave place to get grub . Holla 
Damnit man ... its crazy . Its like I'm still too loud ... wtff . 
Wow , So I totally think I need a louder guitar amp ... I cranked this lil < PROPMALE > 15 wattr all the way and I was only mildly amused ... I need pain aggression and the ability to chunk my balls off ... god love those screamzzz .... they just awaken my soul lol unleashing a demon unlike my other self lol 
Daaammit man . Yesterday was fuggin awesome . Today ain't too bad 
It ain't too long before I leave my own personal hell ... tthen its back to the chill time at the crib . Just gotta make it out of this damn place ... 
The rush ... \ 
The exhilaration ... \ 
The heat ... \ 
In a kitchen with stagnant hot air .... god its miserable 
Off work ... Mind blown ... fuck yea mission accomplished , let's bring em home boys . lol 
Yay rain . Time to play . 
The rains and winds , \ 
The thunderclaps and streaks across the sky , \ 
It sends a peace to my heart , \ 
It warms my soul with every burst , \ 
Masking my tears , \ 
Watching the war in my head rage on ... 
Is Currently Moshing around the house listening to Laid to Rest by Lamb Of God ... Fuck Yes ! 
Twisted and Chill . I'm out this Biznitch . 
Ok , drop me a text . 6153189606 .... get at me 
Just bored , losing my mind . Everyone here is still asleep and I just wanna rock out with me cock out lol . So hit me up lol 
Listening to some < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > lol yes I'm in like an almost lovey mood lol 
My only Words of Wisdom is [ Radio Edit ] ... thank you kid rock for showing us that it is better to live uncensored and free than to be censored and repressed ... 
Work @ 4 . Flip those pizzas . Pull an all nighter work 8 2 8 and then wind out with more goin hard at it til I collapse ... YEEESSSSS ! Who's comin with me LMAO ;) 
And off work ... now the fun begins ... who's comin with me ?!?! Lmao 
Yay ... My Plans Are Rolling .... its like fucking epic ... 
T Minus 2 Hours til work . Breakfast . Nuff said . 
And the deed is done . I have not ceased to amaze even me ... the human body is such an amazing tool ... I partied and worked almost 13 hours ... and I'm still awake for the moment 
Still giving it fucking hell babeh !!! \ 
\The road to excess leads to the path of ultimate knowledge \"" 
The Beast Lives ... 
Ok so its 515 ... sleep is just not reachable I think imma get on the roof and watch the sun rise . 
So the sunrise was mediocre ... the freakishly out of nowhere hard rain , now that's a sight to behold from my rooftop . Had to change clothes lol 
Work . This heat is really fucking with me ... 
Yay , first smoke break ... gonna be a long night just to possibly go shoot tomorrow 
And the song stuck in my head .... korn ... coming undone 
So I'm off work for two days ... its time to get back to basics . 
You and I wake up in a psychiatric < PROPMALE > together . Using 4 words , what would you say to me ? Note : If you comment , you must copy and paste this to your status , so I may comment on yours as well .. Be a good sport and play along ... 4 words is harder than you think ......!! 
Everything for the day off is great sat on roof for a bit shot some cans ... today is primal instinct day lol 
So I'm waitin on dominoes .... what great fun lol 
My belly be full , time for after dinner mint :) 
Dammitman . I feel ... actually I'm comfortably numb . 
Iight , I have awaken back to this hell we all know as reality ... time to escape ... 
Chop me up , Break me down ... \ 
Line me up , Boil me down ... \ 
Snort me up , Smoke me down ... \ 
Open wide and enjoy the rush , \ 
Let me rock you , \ 
Let me roll you , \ 
Let me be your drug of choice ... 
So we be rollin to my fave time of the am here in about 10 < PROPFEMALE > , I'm thrilled lol 
The sun used to shine , \ 
The birds used to sing , \ 
Now all I hear is chaos , \ 
Now all I feel is pain ... \ 
The skies used to smile , \ 
The wind calmly blew , \ 
Now the blackened skies linger , \ 
Now my personality skewed ... \ 
Things have changed , \ 
Times have passed , \ 
The people mutate , \ 
The hope is gone ... \ 
Look at the floor , \ 
Where all my reflections stare back at me ... \ 
The blood stained imagery ... \ 
If only I didn't hate me for being me ... 
Waiting for tomorrow night .... * sigh*it never gets here quick .... 
Work , work , work ... that's whatitdo . 
So this is going to be a mothafucking bash for two days ... or better fuck yYES !! 
Whatitdo ? Get at me . 
Iight its 425 in the am . Work in 3 and half hours . 12 hours wish me luck :) 
The damage is done , \ 
The ashes be spread , \ 
The memories still vibrant ... \ 
Lessons learned , \ 
Agony incurred , \ 
But the peace will never die ... \ 
Coming back to earth , \ 
It feels so lonely , \ 
To soar angellic , \ 
And to fall with grace , \ 
Never ever lost my face ... \ 
To all and all , \ 
A very pleasureable night . 
Fallin With Style ! See ya at the bottom yo 
Well work is work and I will get off to work on some 151 .... tis a great night indeed 
So ... 151 n coke ... ballin 
I have enjoyed a Pina Colada or a few to the sunrise , felt the warmth of mother earth and know now that still have some divine quest I must partake in ... god knows what it actually consists of though . 
4 to Close . 8 to 8 . 4 to Close ... what a great 3 days starting tonight 
Let the brutal winds of destruction take aim at all that which is holy . Destroy the idols , Lay waste to the beliefs , and maybe free us from this hipocrisy .... amen . 
Well phase 2 of 3 ... I'm sore as fuck . Luckily my friends in lower places are beckoning for me to arrive ... 
OFF for the last hour and a half or better and a head dive into the pina coladas and other debauchery ... FUCK YES ! 
Hahaha . Midnight Madness for the win . 
Smoke Break ! Light em if ya got em ! 
Oh holy night ... a 48 hour period where I don't work ... Let the games begin ... 
Day off . House almost cleaned ... time for a treat 
Day 2 . Off . Dishes done and put away . Everything is neatly organized ... no wonder people askin me what I been up to . Lights are always on I drank for like 2 or 3 days now and the house looks great ... my thank you list ... ty < PROPMALE > ice , jagermeister , crown , cabo wabo , southern comfort , good < PROPMALE > , aaand all the other assortments of stuff I drank ... god what a chemical clusterfuck ... 
Ok house is clean ... I tweaked the fuck out . Holla at me lol hit my celly I wanna text n talk now lol 
Whatitdo ? 8 am and I'm still rockin ... the onlything I lack now is mopping the house . 2 big floors and a bathroom . rest was vacuumed . Btw happy st pattys day ! 
LET THE HEADS ROLL !!! 
Well I have discovered .... ingratefulness within the crows . Well the fucking ingrate better get that shit right soon . 
Relay 4 Life Tee Shirts on sale for 10$ . 3 different styles 
Things are not ok . Maybe one day it will be good again ... 
The Road to Excess Leads to the Path of Ultimate Wisdom 
Swerve On . Ill deal with the world tomorrow . 
So , I found this stray dog . She follows me all over . And treats me with nothing but absolute affection . God . Thank you I have my baby . 
Yay , today was great . Nothin but relaxation and s < PROPMALE > for < PROPMALE > 
So yea . The day was great the night was awesome now if only I could figure out where my better half is ... oh well I got inebriation feck it . 
Dammit man , I don't wanna leave my bed today 
Breaktime ... god what a tease . Now just to get out and sleep 
Goin to see pops and < PROPFEMALE > today . Then work with every < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > and < PROPMALE > around . Thank you big wheels .... 
Alone In My Blacklit Nightmare . \ 
The thunder rolls , The lightning strikes ... \ 
The world chaotic , The heavens so distant ... \ 
Stuck in the moment with the shadows ... 
Well , all good things must end ... too bad break was too short and too wet for me to enjoy . Oh well maybe next time 
Long Work , Short rest . Its so american . 
So sitting here , A thought came to me ... What would have happened if I had said yes the last time I was offered a visit from my friend .. god give me the strength 
Street Studied , People approved . 
Breaktime . Down Home Punch and the one the only ... the cowboys from hell ... let's fuckin hear it for pantera . Song . Hollow followed by Dom/Hollow live . 
Can't fucking sleep again ... long day ahead . Yay . 
After I stopped fighting my demons ... I had a serious conversation and found out a lot of our interests were the same ... yay lol 
I take it away , but I want more and more ... One Day I'm gonna lose the war .... 
Still Up . But the rain sounded wonderful had id only been able to grab some shut eye couldn't get comfortable 
Whoooaaaaa dude , don't wanna torque down too hard on it . 
Tired of being sick , and sick of being tired . But there is a reason for everything ... 
Awake . Sore as fuck yo . Workin out and rockin out . Time for some pantera ... I'm feeling Sandblasted Skin followed by Medicine Man lol 
Shit bruhh , 2 18 packs ... 30 some odd dollars . Beef jerky about 10 bucks , reuniting and chillin with the bros . That's fucking priceless bruhhh . 
Fuck mcdonalds . One bad burger ... and now my day is shot to hell ... thanks assholes . 
Ya better stay away from copperhead road ... lol 
Last night was amazing . Kc and JoJo was powerful stuff . Thanks B n Sav . Y'all definitely know whatitdo on some fun lol 
Off work , time to chill back like always do :) 
Look at this Man , So blessed with Inspiration . \ 
Look at this Soul , Still searching for salvation ... Thank you < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for being a big inspiration . 
< PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > today . Its my mellow day . And possibly train the vocals . 
Chillaxxin . 
Look at this man , So Blessed with Inspiration , \ 
Look at this soul , Still searching for salvation ... 
Laid my head to rest , \ 
The feeling before the sleep is the best , \ 
They sleep is the cousin of death , \ 
I welcome every second of peace blessed ... 
Shoot for the < PROPFEMALE > , even if you miss , you're still amongst those stars ... 
Work tonite ... not worked Wednesday in a year or so ... damn . 
Ok off til Friday ... 
Was Tweakin by myself one night that's when I wrote this tune , Didn't have no need for that bed in that hotel room .... 
Real Shit . Watching the smoke drift away from my cigarette , I now fully realize ... we are smoke in the wind ... some more potent than others lol 
Well , Here's to good times ! 
Aye , this the morning time ... what happened to the dark ? 
Felt a glow I haven't felt in awhile . Its nice :) 
And all good things end , the glow is gone ... same shit same empty bed different day . 
SoBlowwt . And now to lay here and lie awake all night ... 
Is Outta Herr . Later y'all . Peace Love n Chicken Greaze . 
Fuggit . I'm pretty twisted . Wished my cold bed wasn't so cold .... 
Tis was a beautiful night of debauchery ... word up to me broski who's now just left to see his lil girl 
\Skullfucking is neccessary ... \ " lmao thanks broski lol " 
Dreaming ... Always Dreaming ... 
So the damage done , the ashes laid to rest ... \ 
The hope and dreams still remain . \ 
The will to survive and thrive ... \ 
Forever shall I stay within your eyes ... 
Wow , Chillin chillin , txt me 
Rain , Rain , Stay today ... \ 
Mask up all this pain ... \ 
Tears blend with rain ... \ 
Faces lost in lights and sound ... 
Wow , I feel accomplished . The day just went fine for a change 
And If rhymes were Valiums id be comfortably numb ... ya know what id do , Id point that shit striaght up at the sky and shoot heaven on down for you . 
So a meltdown ... I pleaded for help ... now to see when the fucking cavlary arrive 
Omg .... so much stress .... so much drama ... its no wonder imma goddamned nutjob 
One good thing about music ... when it hits , you feel no pain ... 
So my room(Office ) is set up ever so nicely . Yay . The command center is ready and operational . 
Inhale so deeply , Exhale so softly ... \ 
Close my eyes , Envision better things ... \ 
Happy for a moment , Hurt for an enternity ... 
Lay my head to rest , Toss and turn the rest ... \ 
Hole where my heart used to be ... \ 
Voices telling me things .... \ 
For some reason I think I'm insane 
What do you do when even you don't know what is wrong with you ? 
Well , Its almost 5am ... I should be tired .... but no I'm too fucked up in the head to be normal .... wtf yo ? 
530 . Things are a weebit creepy . Been watchin shadows all night . Listening to the night . Omfg . I need serious help apparently . 
Is still the stuff that gives you leggz . 
Well Happy Head Day to all . Shits startin to look up tho 
Duuude ... today the world slowed way the fuck down ... 
Whatitdo ? I Smell Cash ... God I love that awful smell ... it keeps bills paid and habits fueled ... ya ever seen crackhead with no crack ? Its not pretty 
Chillin on the roof . Looking out into the beautiful skies and < PROPMALE > of s < PROPMALE > 
Just one moment of peace .... 60 fucking seconds that's all I want .... then I can return my miserable existence . 
Mr Nice Guy . God why is it when I do it I get the super slow shift ? 
\This is only softcore racism\ " convo with some buddies on mii character creation lol " 
And onto new horizons ... with the beer farts ... lmfao 
Well , Its a looooooong day . Got up errly started at the < PROPFEMALE > and got off at 5 . Done went to smithville and back now I'm up on my way to holla at the fam . 
Lemme find the punk bitch who wants me dead . I will give them a barrel of reasons ... disrespectful fucks . Opening pandoras box is never good ... 
So it was a good day . Fuck it I got robbed by < PROPFIRST > pesci .... damn wtf lol ya coulda asked for all the items ya took dipshit . 
Dammitman , what great weather aaaayyyyeee .... 
I Grew up in the shit , I Done the shit , And now I am the shit . Tru that . 
5 til close and I'm like whoa dude ... lol 
Dammitman , Off for an hour now and I'm finally relaxxd . Yes yes yes 
Long day Not feelin too great ... 
Feck . I really really want this damn congestion shit to leave me alone . 
Sitting amongst a neon sky , \ 
My heart has sank to no return ... \ 
Ties Broken , Old wounds opened ... \ 
I never wanted it to be like this ... \ 
But the decision was not left to me ... 
Be off about 3 ... What a fun life I lead ... 
Well , I'm here til 3am . Its nice lol 
Is discontent like an instrument with no one to play it , Know what I'm sayin bruh ? 
So the shit hit the fan ... And all the castles have crumbled . its time to move on and seek blue-er horizons . 
And so I'm awake .... good god what a flip flop on schedule 
Man . If only I could express in words adequately enough to illustrate the armageddon in my head .... 
And so I laid my head to rest , \ 
But the demons inside contest ... \ 
Voices , Noises , and sickness in my head ... \ 
If this shall continue , then all is lost for me ... \ 
So I laid my head to sleep , \ 
Yet another another demon to defeat .... 
Twisted thoughts in my head , \ 
Now I lay down to my bed ... \ 
Demons wandering , \ 
The other me pondering ... \ 
What wicked shall I unleash under the pale moonlight ? 
Good god .... I have flip flopped my schedule all around now 
Well , have you ever been angry enough to kill ... but hurt enough to die ... welcome to my life . 
Work at 8 ... and the war rages on in my head please just shoot me ... 
So ... I feel like death . I can't even stress it .... my fucking life got shot to shit by wasted souls ... why the fuck me . Why is it every time somethin is fixed someone goes fuckin it up again .... damn bastards can eat a < PROPMALE > . 
Maybe I will get back in my groove til then its time to hit a number 
So I spit in the face of sanity with one question ... What happens when you come down off life ... and I don't want no bs answers . 
Ok so imma walk the town and think about life ... have fun and honk at a niggeh . 
So I sit beside my pond with my flask and lefty .... I don't wanna feel anymore if its all just pain .... 
Inhale , exhale .... \ 
Its all the same to me .... \ 
Misery , pain , and agony ... \ 
They welcomed me long ago , \ 
And ever since I've felt so bent .... 
Fuck .... I'm blitzed . 
So duuuude , I got drunk as piss and walked the town til like 630am ... then crashed in my buddys < PROPFIRST > lmao yay me 
Well , the war inside my head rages on ... I've walked about 30 < PROPMALE > in the last 48 hours and have come to one conclusion .... maybe I don't need to be so go hard all the time ... I might wanna see our apocalypse , ya never know lmao 
[ Sitting in Cemetary ] \ 
Each stone a story , \ 
Peace found , \ 
Six feet really makes a difference .... 
Look at this man , So blessed with inspiration\ 
Look at this soul , Still searching for salvation ... \ 
Thank you < PROPFIRST > neville .... huge influence 
So its 630 again .... i work 5 to 2am then go at 920 tomorro for appt .... dammitman 
imma try and sleep .... maybe this wont be so damn bad 
Bottles and Cans , seeds and stems , will I ever change ? Guess it all depends ... feels like nothin ever went my way tellin myself it'll be ok .... thank you rehab lol 
Whatitdo ? Workin at the < PROPFEMALE > til 2 . Then appt at 920am ... ya ever get the feelin ya need sleep ? 
Stoking underneath the stars , \ 
The world is a universe away , \ 
The other me beckons ... 
... who are you kiddin and who are ya lyin to ? Best believe if they want they will find you ... 
Knows everyone can relate with stab wounds up and down their back ... not to mention the hole where my heart used to be ... 
If only you could see , \ 
Look into my soul ... \ 
Where'd it go ? \ 
It left me whenever you told me no ... 
If only words could describe my disease .... 
Motherfuck . I can't fuggin sleep . If only I can explain .... I want to sooo bad but you'll never understand .... 
Well , I think I have opened a can of worms bigger than shit . 
So , I talked to dad first time in like a decade .... god how the time has flown ... thanks dad 
Well , everything is goin right again . Yay ! 
So , what do you do when you feel you have lost all that gives you a glow ... all that made you feel alive . And now you're a wandering corpse ? Welcome to my existence ... 
\I'd like to roll myself up in my blanket ... and smoke my pillow goodnight \"- My Broski < PROPFIRST > " 
And so a shot and lefty for all my people ... holla at ya niggeh . you know what to do 
Breathe in , Breathe deep ... \ 
Look me in the face ... \ 
Breathe some life into me ... 
Ya kept on pushin , now I'm on that bullshit ... hello world and good fucking morning ... o wait this is like yesterday ... I been up all night lovely . close tonite ... 
A calm wind blowing , \ 
strong feelings growing , \ 
a storm is coming , \ 
and hell hath no fury , \ 
from the demons in me .... 
Fucking shit man . I rode backroads to rock island and mainway to town for work yay I'm half exhausted but still standing 
Well , God works in mysterious ways ... He brought my dad back to me , He showed me that pride is fucking useless , and to always be expecting the unexpected ... so now i just pray for the best ... now if only i could sleep .... 
One more thing , Why is it when you want something you cant fucking get it ... but when you dont want it ... its all the fuck around .... 
So I Laid down ... wtf . no sleep again if i were krankin i could understand but honestly i truly dont understand insomnia 
Iont respect money , I respect real niggas , want for money only getcha killed nigga .... 
Is the greatest thing since Methamphetamine . Nuff said 
So imma take my ass on a walk . man rep proceeds me as good time partyboy . Fuckin holla at a nigga . 
If only I had a hole in the head to match the one where the heart was ... I take it away ... but just want it more ... and then my heart is shattered . what a vicious cycle ... 2 things I'm addicted to and can't have none of it . 
And lovin is what I got so remember that ( and no cash is what I got so remember that ) lmao 
Is a White Trash Renegade ... lol 
Ok ... I was thinking ... look at the american flag the colors ... then look at the \ rules \ " they use to make Krank .... keep your fucking patriotism ... I'm just gonna kick it under my tree and watch the world speed ... I done my due and then some . " 
If you want somethin to play with go and find yoself a toy , baby my time is too expensive and I'm not a lil boy ... if you are serious don't play with my heart it makes me furious , but if u want me to love u then baby I will ... thank < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > again for setting the mood again 
War inside my head , I just want the world to stop for one fucking second ... let me off this bitch before I come unhinged ... 
Man , Had a pretty iight day yesterday ... had some bullshit moments .. but overall not bad . Today however is a blank < PROPFEMALE > . Kinda there's like 2 things I gotta take care of 
So Been Havin a Burritos Day , but I have been delving a little more with a pen n pad upon my demons ... time to clean out the closet , and rid some weight upon the shoulder . Prepare the bowl and shots . Its gonna be a long one . Wish me luck 
Wow ... Burritos Day . 
Hmm , What to do , What to do ? Umm ... well I got a few ideas 
Its 330 in the morning not a soul in sight ... citys lookin like a ghost town on a noon and summer night lol . Granted people tweal out about a storms iono why lol 
Dude ... where's my shit lmao wtf happened 
I should hit the haze ... I mean the hay lol just was watchin the beauty in natures fury ... and I'm in love lol ... 
I learned ... there's just somethings I can't have . But god does it suck 
Man , I hate it when i realize there is something im just not getting no matter the effort ... and motherfuck , it really really sucks . So , now to occupy my mind for a bit ... \ 
Text me ppl , im going to the eagles nest for awhile ... 
Thank you pepper , ya make my day better ... now for more wonderful music . 
Fuckin chill time bro , its time to grab some brews and my eagles nest 
Down at the pond ... tryin to sort everything out 
Each stone ... a story , a life . A home ... 
Do you know what it feels like put something to your head , but not have the balls to pull it ? after the event(s ) you are a corpse ... WELCOME TO MY LIFE WORLD . 
Ok , Ppl that run the night shift .... Text a nigga ... i am bored as piss with a lot o bullshit about lol txt me up listed number 
Get at me , Six One Five Three One Eight Nine Six Oh Six . Now there is no excuses ... I Spelled the thing out lol 
is trapped in a maze therefore i am amazing .... 
shit hit me up on the celly , 6153189606 . shit ask a question and ill answer that fucker lol 
Waitin on dad . Gonna have dinner and get caught up for 11 or years ... wish me luck . 
Id blow my brains out and die in ya arms .... thanks shady . Real shit bru . 
So yesterday was great and I got sleep ... just woke up from it ... wake up call at 420 lmao 
So yea . It was a great day . It just wasn't long enough ... I come from a fam of outdoor people . Its no wonder I want my house way the fuck off in the middle of nowhere . Cuz that's whatitdo . That's what I'm doin tuesday 
RezBall . chokin til the sunrise lol 
Been up since 4 , but I feel so great ... still gonna be a burritos day . Work 4 til somethin might be close 
Brain Damage . Ever since the day I was born . Brain Damage . Drugs what's they used to say I was on , say I < PROPFEMALE > knew which way I was going but everywhere I go they keep playin my song ... 
So work tonite thru Tuesday nite movin out to country again ... fuck it man I need my peace . Keep ya traffic . Ill know when u head my way lol that's the way I like it . 
Its really sad when my horoscope comes up and tells me tha same thing I been sayin awhile . I need to get outta town . Fuck town I wanna know when your comin my way . Ill take my low class livin . It doesn't require as many batteries ... 
Movin to the country . Gonna eat me a lot of peaches ... movin to the country gonna eat me a lot of peaches ... yay ! 
So I honestly figured it out ... If I keep working like I do ... ill be looking at a wheelchair ... I'm slowly killing myself for these fucks ... been doing it so long that's its a way of life ... ironic huh . U live sleep eat fuck and die . That's the cycle of this beautiful thing known as life ... Hahaha . 
Before i roll to bed , i just wanna let erryone know ..... that i still dont give a fuck HAAAHAA ! holla at me peeps , whatitdo ? you got my celly .... whether you know it or not lol use it i am bored and need people to bullshit with lol 
Before I put this gun to my < PROPFEMALE > and [ Bang ] and I woulda done anything for ya ... just to show ya how much I adored ya , but its over now . Its too late to save our ... love . but promise me you'll think of me everytime you lookin the sky and see a star [ ... ] 
OMG . I hate having to put on a face ... is that not lying ? Because I'm tired of lying to everyone ... 
Hell yeah . Been watchin fuckin brutal shit ... 1st it was blood out ... god I love the intro . Next was some dime time . And now ... its chill and pray for hazy eyes . 
Whatitdo ? So , Whats this about the grass is always greener on the other side ? I've always found it to be greener when its set on fire ;) 
So before i resign to my quarters , Here is a word from me ... Sleep well facebook , I am hoping sleep comes to me like it has for many ... 
Ok , Happy memorial day . God bless the troops ( fuck the politiks ) . And everyone is gettin into somethin ... I ain't lookin for nothin but good times bro . 
Look into these eyes , \ 
Get past all the fronts and lies ... \ 
Get to the core , \ 
Open a new door ... \ 
Look at the pain , \ 
I tried in vain ... \ 
Guess theres no hiding that im insane ... 
Chillin on memorial day . Btw be safe people . 
Look at this man , so blessed with inspiration ... \ 
Look at this soul , still searching for salvation ... 
So today I got my wish ... moved back to the country . Now to see the stars again . 
Yay , back in the country . I got my first wish now if everything else would just fall in place 
So , everything comes together ... for a minute in time I felt so goddamned happy I wanted to cry . Then just like clockwork it all seemed to crumble at my feet . Thank you life , for throwing such a pretty curveball ... btw out tha park bitches . fuck it man , this is nothin new . 
Well its a quarter til 4 , I'm laying here in my room . Freshly decorated until I decide to redo stuff lol ... but is anyone up 
Damn ... I'm just fuckin depressed today ... I have no clue why tho 
Has a hole where my heart used to be ... god why the fuck am I so depressed today .... 
Is so fucking glum he doesn't even know what to do with himself ... why . time to tell another lie ... put another face on ... fuck it that's what the world wants ... that's what they will get 
Well ... the < PROPFEMALE > is kickin ill be here til three so anyone still up when I get off ... twist one . Its been a will continue to be a long day 
So ... closing time finish my shit and then go home and debate what little life is still in me under the stars 
Damn , I'm blowwd ... eatin mnms ... yum lol 
Yay , a long day down and some beautiful downtime ahead for a nigga . Yes . yes . yes ! But its 5am .... I prolly need to wind down a lil bit so onto the drag racer game on the phone . Peace . 
Hmm , where in the fuck is my money tree ? 
Ahhh , I'm not tired but I don't know wtf is wrong with me ... put me out of my misery 
Off work . Now to find a drannk 
No Luche , No Drink-eh . Wow . Maybe its time for a change in life .... 
Been off work 30 minutes ... wtf these new hours really blow I'm watchin the sun come up ... 
9p to 4a . Man that's nuts my sleep schedule is all fucked . God . Send me a financial miracle so I can quit slowly killin myself in this grind . 
Well damn , its a long day gotta go to memorial and then the rest of this hot ass day is myne 
So , I feel the winds of change are coming ... not sure exactly what but its comin ... 
Ah the joys of barely living in my skin . And so on ... apparently my heart is still beating but I been dead along time ... when the fuck does the rebirth happen ? 
Song of the moment .... flying high again . Yay lol whatitdo people ? 
Dear corporate america , \ 
I would like to congtratulate you upon your happy fucking . Employees of all races . Creed . Gender . You really are indiscriminate whilst you bend us over and ram your corrupt cock into our already sore asses . \ 
Again thank you . \ 
Sincerely , \ 
Slave to the grind ... 
Aye , preparing for fathers day bonfire lol yay 
What happens when you see your demise headed right at you ? Most people get out the way .... I on the other hand stand strong awaiting .... that which does not kill me will make me that much stronger . 
Work tonite then bonfire tomorrow . Hell to tha yeahz . 
Dammitman , My face hurts ... Like bad enough i wanna remove the Jaw . It just fucking sucks i battle the phyiscal and mental anguish but still have to put on a face for all the fucks in the world 
Died years ago . Since then the corpse just went autopilot 
Well ... Took sleep meds ... and nothing its 728 in the morning and I still ain't out ... wtf 
Day off ... and so many possibles to do but so much I don't need to do ya feel meh ? 
Words Can Be Broken , So Can Bones ... Execute the mandate ! 
8p to 4a . Sounds jolly 
Work 5p-4a . On Break . Still 8 hours to go ... Damn 
Hey ! Check this out . I was searching for ways to make legit online money . Surveys , referrals , offers ... etc . it all adds up 
So chillin in the atmosphere yo . Its been a rough ride ... and still more to come ... but thankful is all I am . 
Damn , 5p to 2a . Holla nukkas . 
Love is evil , spell it backwards ill show ya . Nobody knows me I'm cold walk down this road all alone , its noones fault but my own . Its the path I've chosen to go . 
So I must be like a superasshole ... only if you deserve it and you have to really screww things up 
Off tomorrow . Now if I can go enjoy some mountain time and get the fuck outta town tomorro . 
Ya know ... Life just ain't as simple as it once was ... used to be what am I doin after school ? Now its what am I doing with my life .... wtf ppl 
So , the money palm is itchin hard .... come on lady luck . Ride Me Out . 
When all else has failed , Call on me ... \ 
When the pain is too much , Call on me ... \ 
When the tears soak deep , Call on me ... \ 
When I want to lay down and die ... What now ? 
There is a reason I'm all oout in the country now . Its quiet I don't hear a lot of shit and if I want I can chill under the stars with no interruptions 
To Soar angellic , To fall through the cracks ... \ 
To Feel nothing , To feel everything ... \ 
Released from my curse ... \ 
I Can't relenquish it ... 
Day off , work next three starrtin tomorrow . 4p 2 10p . 10p 2 4a sat . 5p 2 2a sun . What a weird schedule yo . 
God , < PROPMALE > me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change , courage to change the things I can , and the wisdom to know the difference . Amen . As well as thank you for the blessings bestowed unto me . amen 
Gnite Fb , tis the time of the sleep ... but alas , no comfort locked inside my own chains ... if only human emotions didn't come into play ... but then that kinda voids the term \living\ " .... don't ya think ? " 
Today was a good day , awaiting the camping trip . Tonite tho , tis time time chill and regroup and try and keep my head above the water financially 
Dude . Totally . 
Clownin dogg . I'm just serious lol 
Ok , So now after reading the current events ... I have lost hope in mankind . The world is in a downward spiral and all we can do is watch ... but this started along time ago with the high priests and traders . So , now what can you say when you look at the news and its so fuckin depressing you have to change the shit ? Reading the paper and having to flip the < PROPFEMALE > ? And I'm not goin on ... 2 much shit . But that's it in my rant 
Someone told me the other day to take a walk in their shoes . I politely responded \why certainly just to experience what's so bad about being normal . \"" 
Do you ever have those times where you are all pumped and shit , and then you realise that what you are getting pumped for is not what you wanna pump up for ? I recently started reevaluating my life . I said started , this ain't overnight shit . But I realise money isn't everything ( granted it does help make things flow easier ) . Good friends are forever . They will find you some how some way , Just pray its not too late . 
Man ... if only I could make people experience what I go through everyday ... they would OD trying to alleviate the pain ... so I guess I'm a stronger man than most . but even I need a break from it all 
Tis my time of the night . The wee hours ... for some reason I am damned to them ... wtf 
If ya tryin to chat with me , celly is 6153189606 . My fb chat thing ain't workin right gimme time and ill figure this shit up 
< PROPFEMALE > Light , < PROPFEMALE > Bright ... \ 
I wished upon a < PROPFEMALE > tonite , \ 
The little diamonds sparkled bright , \ 
The cool air set the mood of the night , \ 
And the orchestra of the night set things right ... 
Dcltft0k4\dptx " 
Fucking Yes ! I spent the last 2 days camping with my dad and uncle . Its like such a family reunion ... thanks dad , I had a fucking outstanding time , can't wait til next month ! 
Short shift , off tomorrow . Love it . holla at a niiggeh 
Somewhere in the vaseline ... I held up in the STP , my mind was racing , My feet were pacing .... and I just couldn't shake the fact eventually id have to come down from this cloud ... damn , lol 
So , I never realized how easy it was to screw my life all to shit ... and why the fuck does it have to be so hard to pick up the pieces and still have composure about myself ... 
Work til 2 ... but the fun never ends .... haaa eat it corporate america ... its time to suck myne . 
So I wished on my shooting < PROPFEMALE > , now to reap the benefits . YES ! Finally lol 
Txt me ppl 6153189606 
FB Chat messed up , if ya wanna chat wit a niggeh get me on the celly six one five three one eight nine six oh six 
So , Blessed be those who still work for the passion and pleasure , and when the day is done ... they play with tenfold the passion and pleasure ... amen 
Well , I finally hit my breaking point . Its time to take a sitdown and regather the pieces . Anyone know on some work ? And maybe a financial miracle or ten ... 
Anyone got a futon couch they don't want use or need anymore . I have a full size and a < PROPMALE > size mattress for trade for it if a trade is needed 
At some point in my life , I lost sight of what actually mattered , and after a few near death experiences and some very hard lessons to learn I now feel like there is an angel watchin over my stupid ass . 
So , the winds of change are blowing . Just is it for the better ? 
Somewhere along the lines , I became the bad guy ... the example for birth control ... the thing your parents warned you about .... when the fuck did it happen is what I want to know 
Is in such a vengeful rage that I'm better dead . 
The grass may not always be greener on the other side but it all burns the same ... so gnite world sleep well I'm izzout 
Fucked .... work til 2 then AWOL 2 days 
Off . Sore . could use a painkiller the size of my head ... all this in the pursuit of happiness ... 
So . OFF tomorrow and Tuesday . Literally I'm done for the week no more calling me in for the next two days 
OMFG . I'm sore but I can't fuggin sleep . Isn't this some bullshit . 
Destroy everything so a new life can begin ... thank you hatebreed 
Man . I used to like cats .... not anyfuckingmore . I smell ammonia all the goddamned time now ... and I can't make it melt . That's a tweaks punishment ... and then I get the < PROPFEMALE > of stepping in kitten piss ... what a great way to start the day ... fuck this shit 
So far , everything is starting to look up ... Provided I just open the doors a bit further ... 
Music is my Drug , Slacker is my Dealer . Work til afternoon , 5 at latest 
Chillin Chillin 
Got a machinehead ... 
So , work 5p-4a ... what a lovely nite ahead 
Rent , food , phone , blah blah blah ... it just seems like all I do is give my money away anymore ... there is no sanctity of life anymore there is no pursuit of happiness ... that epically fucking failed ... it all happened when I was able to vote , buy cigarettes , beer , and watch porn legally ... I would so trade with the dog ... because that's what I feel like ... a chained up pit whose been neglected by society ... its ok though ... 
Admired the stars ... it was so fuggin pretty . And I thought I had a break ... nope ... maybe when hell freezes over ... 
Just got off about 20 < PROPFEMALE > ago ... work at 10am . I'm not tired ... fuckingshitman . its ok though . Because imma sleep like a baby(too bad its a crack addicted baby ) 
Work in 5 hours ... I guess sleep will have to wait because I feel all < PROPMALE > off the gallons of caffeine consumed in the pursuit of money which in turn equals future happiness 
Work 11a-4p . Then its same tomorrow 
I felt the dew between my toes , \ 
The morning air so sweet , \ 
The calm before the storm as I know ... \ 
The gray red skies growing ominous , \ 
And awaiting for the rain to fall upon us ... 
Ha ... I slept my day off away literally ... went to bed finally at 11am slept til about 30 minutes ago ... fucking right . I have a feeling when I get older my body is going to hate me a lot more 
Fuck ... I miss my ride . I am hungry as piss wanting mcdonalds but oh yea ... I can't walk there ill get there at like 6 630 and make it back here by nine provided I don't pass out ... wtf . god I'm hungry 
30 more minutes ... then its beer thirty . Joint o clock . Pill ten . Whatever method neccessary for relaxation . Word to muh stoners . Tweaks , geeks , baseheads , alcoholics . Pill heads . All of y'all . I love y'all lmao 
Walkin on a cloud . erm . I mean under clouds lmao 
A long long walk into the black abyss , \ 
I came , I Saw , I Conquered , \ 
The process within beyond analysis , \ 
The weight of the world I shoulder ... \ 
When It all began to crumble ... \ 
My heart began to tumble , \ 
My spirits collided with the dirt ... \ 
But trials and tribulations come rebirth ... 
Break . Rebuild . Break . 
Watching the clones drive by ... 
You're Never Alone ... Walk With Me In Hell .... 
Another breath , another thank you ... \ 
Another day , another dream ... 
The beast lives again ... HaHa . ain't it lovely what happens when man becomes machine 
In my dreams , I found peace ... Little house with a white picket fence , acres to call my own , and someone ... keyword here ... Dreams . so far from reality . 
5 more days ... then I go campin with dad , uncles , bro on other side of tullahoma . I can't wait . I really can't wait . 
So , before I step back into my lil coma , I will say thank you for another day , another breath , and another smile . Thank you for another night , another tear , and another < PROPMALE > for peace . Thank you . 
Time to put the waders on ... Shits just got deep . 
Sometimes I ride , Get High , Find a place to park/ stare at the sky sit there wondering why I feel pain , I can't describe , as opposed to lettin it go I just hold it inside/ got tears behind my eyes I refuse to release , hatred in my heart , God forgive me please ... 
Counting the blessings laid unto thee , \ 
My heart flees at the things ... \ 
The faces , places , and realms beyond outer space ... \ 
A smile begins to grow , \ 
And my eyes will soon show ... \ 
How truly blessed I have and shall be ... 
So whilst my mind is open , \ 
I was sincerely hopin ' , \ 
That everything would be right ... \ 
A wish on a star , \ 
And smoke rings in the dark ... \ 
Reveal to me the feel of peace ... 
Ahh , camping . Inner peace comes out . 
Thank you dad . You have taken me back to when I was and still am your < PROPFEMALE > boy . campout in the backyard this time becuz of rain was definitely cool with me . Thanks 
So Gonna head back home bout 11am , but imma say one thing for the day . It was all well worth . I fished ( didn't catch shit ) but I also took time to enjoy the more peaceful side of things ... all the simplicity ... so intricate in the ways it baffles and befuddles me . But still amazing . Thanks to those involved . Thanks a million 
Watching the masses feed . Watching the stampede . Here lil hungry one . Here a scrap . Beg . 
The dawning of a new day , \ 
Time for old demons to play ... \ 
Anger and rage seemingly neverending , \ 
I'm finally done pretending ... \ 
Shattered reality hits the floor , \ 
A whole new beast was born ... \ 
When the poison bled from his veins ... \ 
Untamed and ruthless , \ 
Medicated comas faded out ... \ 
You woulda liked me better blowwd out . 
