gave in to < PROPFEMALE > and purchased a much anticipated new toy ! yeah im pretty stoked !! 

Its snowing buckets here in Korea ... Soon it will be raining oranges in Iowa city !!!! 
Still feeling hungover at 11PM is not cool .... thank goodness my sis does not have engagement parties every wkend or it would be the end of me ... great time tho and thanks to all that came out to help celebrate !! 
Shorted thru some old things in prep for the big move .... crazy how some great times fall out of mind and come close to forgotten but what really got me is how much different my path became with each individual step .... random thought of the night 
ABSOLUTELY HATES indecisive people who plan events weeks ahead of time just to cancel them two days before ( Not bad that happens ) , then reinstates the orginal plans twelve hours later ( lame but whateve ) just to recancel them again four hours after that ! 
Holy fucking shit am i really doing this .... im less than a month away and today is kinda a freakout day !! 
HP6 was great and had even better company ! Now off to bed for a full day of hearding the cattle at Adventureland and then closing the bar tommorow night so if in the NL area tommorow night stop out for a drink 
Just got my Visa Issuance number , only thing left is an interview at the consulate and off I go !! 
Great move today ingetting V-Mart ! Kept the two best pitching prospects on the team and picked up a guy that can protect against three of the Bosox biggest liabilities !!! Gonna miss Materson but hey gotta give up somthing ! 
has great friends and an awesome family !! 
6:00 am Depart Cedar Rapids ( CID ) Arrive Seoul ( ICN ) 3:05 pm +1 day Sat 8-Aug Duration : 19hr 5mn American Airlines 3570 Korean Air 32 Connect in < PROPFIRST > ( < PROPFIRST > -Fort Worth ) If evrything works out wednesday cross your fingers for me guys !! 
24hrs till Seoul and still trying to figure out what to pack .... baseball glove or extra pair of shoes , < PROPMALE > & cheese or comfy underware , hygiene supplies or porn .... how the heck does one pack a years worth of stuff into two bags ???? Damn it , this is only the beginning of my problems for the next year too !!! 
THANK YOU BEST BUY for the bullshit adaptor that you sold me .... yep I had my first mishap this morning as my alram clock got fried !! WHOLE apartment smells ! 
Heck of a Wildcat formation coming to Phili .... 
First day in the new job , wish me luck !! 
Where o where is my capitalone card ?! ahhhhhh 
HAHA- what a great day ; Med check done , internet hooked up , had a great Korean lunch i ordered all by myself and the night is still to unviel itself .... lets just hope this good day continues into the night and ends with a bang , hahha es la < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Gonna do the two step in itaewon ...... i just hope i make it home before 6:15 like i did last night 
I am going to really miss Hawk football and the extensive and glorious nature of tailgaiting this year .... blah 
?????? ?????? 
Is totally in the play-my-way-thu friday mood !! Hahah its been more than a minute since i've felt like that but yep its time to rock out with my hawk out ! 
today is one of those days i wish i was home 
wishes he had some rum to put in his coke this morning !!!!!! 11 
Hope Korea is ready foir me this weekend but is gonna get KRazy ! 
needs a curfew !! 
ahhh monday morning , I do not like you !! 
Wanna come over to myspace and twiitter my yahoo til i google all over your facebook ? 
Ha HA HAWKEYES !!! 
Will NEVER take another boat ride on the ocean again !! I dont know how fisherman do it .... is was pretty much the worst experience i have ever had in my entire life !! 
ohhh Im definitly in the mood to get into some trouble tonight !! C4 till 8AM ... yes that can be done and done well might i add ! And Congrats to what will soon be Mr. and Mrs Kreinbring .... a shout out to all my peeps back home live this celebration up right ya'll!!! 
was up at 7:30 on a Sunday and not PM either !! Feeling great and now time to emabark on a new adventure on Souf side of Korea 
had a great time with the first graders today !! I never realized how much i would miss working with the kiddos !!! Plus to add to the goodness of the day mom finally sent my first package ! Yea for a great Thursday !!! 
Freshly added to the bucket list ; a base jump from the New River Gorge Bridge in West < PROPFEMALE > 
LOVES HIS MAMA ! 
Who is interested in a Christmas mountain Trip to Phoenix Park in Pyeongchang , Gangwon-do for some boarding , skiing and other holiday fun ?? If your interested let me know and i can get you more precise details 
Welcome to South Korea , Mr. President ! 
Had a good run down the < PROPFEMALE > and a great non hungover workout , checking out the snowboard shop and hopefully finding a new pair of mittens soon .... and hopefully capping the day with a viewing of 2012 , looks dope so def hope to check it out tonight with my fav girl ... Good Morning Korea !! 
I AM SOOOOOOOOOO BORED !!! ABSENT ABSENT ABSENT 
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone ! Im thankful for ; a great and truely understanding family , the best friends anyone could ever ask for , true happiness and good health , the hawks having a great season , Bosox courting R . Holiday , and for God watching over me , as life has taken me through new challenges and experiences over the past few months 
1 hour till Turkey in my Belly . YEA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Raining Oranges in IC !!! HA HA Hawkeyes back in the BCS YEA !!! 
Sow an act , and you reap a habit ; sow a habit , and you reap a character ; sow a character , and you reap a < PROPFEMALE > 
Of all Christmases to miss .... the one where the brothers get Go Carts !!!! CRAP !!! 
Ok Im taking a vote and the next twelve hours will decide : Should I come home and If i do your stuck with me or should I stay and live out my Asian Adventure ? Time starts now 
R . I . P Mr. IPOD your were a great firend and will miss you very much ! Why do all of my Apple products die in Korea ?! WTF !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas !! 
Happy New Year Ya'll , I wish everyone safe and incredible celebrations !! 
Gotta love game day- a day to rock out with the hawk out !! 
Not bad Hawks .... B-town is representin ' all up in < PROPFEMALE > face < PROPFIRST > !! 
ORANGES HAVE NEVER TASTED < PROPFEMALE > GOOD !!!! 
Timing is my Nemesis 
BONK !!!! 
Seriously , I can really do without any more lemons .... please !!! 
??? ??? ???. 
\ Im gonna show my true dirty filthy f@*%ing side\ " haha Jersey Shore is the best thing since Springer ! " 
ALL up in < PROPFEMALE > FACE B- BLAN ... the rubber monkey aint got $#% on that busta !!! Ba ding ding ding yeah !!!! 
BORACAY !! Tropical Beaches on my mine t-minus 30 HAAH !! 
Dreaming of warm beaches and cool tropical drinks !! ahhh it cant get here soon enough !! 
THIS IS NOT A SUPER DAY !! KOREA SUCKS ...... SOMEONE PLEASE send me a COPY OF THE superbowl !! 
Beaches , Bikinis , and < PROPMALE > oze : Life is bout to be really good for the next 8 days , < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > racay WAtch OuT !!! Catch ya'll on the Flip !!! 
is curious what would happen if I shot a bottle rocket over the DMZ ? 
LOVE LOVES his litttle sister !!! Korea better watch out I got a dangerous new toy !!! 
Mondays ohh how I hate you !! 
At least the North Side has a Team . Way to represent Panthers !! 
I think they increase the speed at the batting cage since the winter close down .... i couldn't hit water if I fell out of a boat tonight .... better try it again < PROPMALE > 
Finally found a team to play on here in th ROK . Super duper stoked , however I only have 1 month to get my arm ready for the first game of the season 
So today Im missing home .... basically Im missing a bigass steak mashed potaotes , corn , dinner rolls , and a massive piece of chocolate cake , ok and the fam a bit too 
Holidays always make me think of home .... May God bless you all with a fantastic Easter as he has blessed me with good health , good food and a warm place to sleep . Now if he would have granted this gorgeous spring day with a little less wind , my jumper would have been totally on point and my legs wouldn't be feeling the burden of continuously taking it to the rack today :P 
BOSOX 1 : Yankoffs 0 , great start of 2010 season 
Beaches of Vietnam , < PROPFIRST > Kong , Jeju Island and perhaps a mud festival should keep me occupied this summer before I make the trip home ... ohh how im excited for the summer to get here !!! 
is wondering how I'm gonna pitch in two days considering the last time I even threw soft toss was 10 months ago FML !!!! 
Rain rain go away !!! I am really tired of wet socks , they are the absolute worstest in the world !!!!!!!! 
Iron Man 2 = Must See !!! 
What a fantastic day !!! Hopefully it was enough to give up a portion of my fastfood consumption and sttart the health kick my belly so needs ! haha RIIIITTEEE 
Who would have ever thought that a movie called Hot Tub Time MAchine would be funny as shit \\ 
is wondering why I thought a 5 mile run last night before bed was a good idea , SOOOOOOOOO tired today ahhhhh !!! 
Spring cleaning SUCKS !!!!!! 
Taco Tuesday is slowly killing me !!! 
A hater is as a hator does 
As everything is coming together , I am def getting super stoked for Vietnam !! 
Thanks everyone for all the BDAY thoughts and wishes , I had a great day and hope to catch up with all of you very soon !!! 
Is in search of a travel < PROPMALE > to hit up the < PROPFEMALE > triangle of China(Beijing , Xian , Shanghai ) and prolly could work in a few days in < PROPFIRST > Kong the last few weeks of August ...... any takers ? 
Ahh dragging myself through another monday ..... but a happy highlight is in two weeks I will be sitting on th beaches of Vietnam : ) 
< PROPFEMALE > Nordegren is the best con aritist in the history of con artists ... how does a supermodel turn nanny , take the bulk of the wealth from one of the greatest athletes in the world ...... She had ONE HECK OF A GAME PLAN !! 
Home ............. 
Off to Vietnam ..... if noone hears from me in about 10 days or so please send French and a bloodhound into the Jungles of the southwest region . Kind regards ! \ 
\ 
< PROPFIRST > 
finally back to Seoul and the first thing i see at 7AM is a drunkass man in a business suit stutter step about 6 feet and take a face plant .... man there is no place like Korea . bahahhahaha 
Beaches , Bikinis and all the booze in between : Ohh how I miss you already !! 
Dear Mother Nature , \ 
Would you please make the cloudy skies and thunderstorms go away for the weekend ? I know your trying to help and I really want mudfest to get dirrrtty but I can find a way to accomplish that on my own !! So if you would please bring out the sun and put away the damp , dreary skies it would be much appreciated !! \ 
Kind Regards , \ 
J 
Why can't Japan mass produce cleaning robots so I dont have to do it anymore ?? I hate picking up after myself !!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > on my brain !!!! 
Why can't getting a travel VIsa ever be @#$%ing simple ?!! Plus I get assualted by an ajumma on the subway today . What the hell !! 
Beijing ..... You are being warned JE Negus is on his way and bringin a USA sponsored wrecking ball !!! Gonna tear that place up 
Survived < PROPFEMALE > .... Barely 
I really don't know the difference between a hurricane and a typhoon but either way this #$%^ is wicked !!!! 
the flies are back , guess its time to take the trash out 
Needs to find some new and interesting places to visit here in Seoul and around abouts ... Any Suggestions or Ideas ? > ? 
Can this week please end ??!! Enough is enough I need a break from my life , AHHHH !!!! 
Wide Awake at 4AM .... Sweet !! I really hate getting sick BLAH :P 
“It is the soldier , not the reporter who has given us the freedom of the press . It is the soldier , not the poet , who has given us the freedom of speech . It is the soldier , not the campus organizer , who gives us the freedom to demonstrate . It is the soldier who salutes the flag , who serves beneath the flag , and whose coffin is draped by the flag , who allows the protester to burn the flag . \ " , 2010-11-11 06:59:37 " 
Planning for Cambodia , hmmmmmm ..... what to do , what to do ??? 
tanks , air force jets , formations , blackhawks , apaches , body armor , kevlar helmets , m16s , m4s , m203s , 240s , 249s , 50 cals , hellfire missiles , what ?!?!! we ready ! dont these countries know what the US does to ppl who try us ? le-go !! ~ ~ T-Maz in regards to North Korea's provocative behavior 
< PROPFIRST > Chatman is an Idiot ! 
Just COMPLETELY freeked out : So its 4AM here in Korea and I abruptly just got woken up by some idiot laying on the horn for 5 min(no overestimate either ) thinkin ' it was an emergency signal- needless to say some dumb drunk Korean just almost got killed when I confronted him : I thought we were having a &%$ #ing airraid or something : FYI it is very provocative times here in Korea FML ! my heart is still racing !! 
Screw < PROPFEMALE > and everything they represent , cheap worthless , overzealous , crude , nasty motherf&^%$ers ... If anything happens lockout Walmart and < PROPFEMALE>'s biggest piggy banks , show those red commie bastards what real power is and bring the rain ! Let it all BURN !!!!! 
Pretty much lovin ' the snow tonight 
Sometimes it gets hard to be motivated 
Great Day to be a BOSOX fan !!! All up in < PROPFEMALE > face Will < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFIRST > Northouse , < PROPFEMALE > Bray , and the rest of you sorry ass Yankoff fans !!!!!! 
is loving ' < PROPFEMALE > at the moment !!!!! 
is SOOO ready to peace out of this bitch ! 
ONly in COOREa would a < PROPMALE > naked 80+ old man feel the need to cop a feel of my arms and then my chest in the sauna closet . On a positive note he told me good with two thumbs up ! 
Tropics here I come !!!! I want to wish you all a < PROPFEMALE > christmas and a safe and enjoyable new year !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > is on my mind(april 30- May 10th ) , any of you fools got any travel advice and please save any retarded comments \ 
Also Gonna be in Europe May 11th- 31st with Devilo and Kreoger , so if your interested in an < PROPFEMALE > or Euro adventure let me know !!! Hope is well ya'll!!! 
Its time for 5 day weekend !!!! Yeah for the Lunar New Year !!! 
Now she is the definition of fine but I told her that her body looks better with mine 
