just finished preping for men's group 6:30 am at the coffee cup . I hope to see some of you there . 

I am on my way to see my brother in DC for Thanksgiving . 
I am thinking about bre4akfast at the Coffee Cup in the morning . I always look forward to it . Thanks all you guys who come and start my day off so well . 
I think I am heading to bed early tonight . I don't get that opportunity to often , and I think I will take advantage of this one . 
okay , 12 hours after leaving home ; go home now ? I am sure I could keep busy the rest of the evening . decisions decisions . The right to decide one's own schedule isn't always a blessing ! 
I think it is time to head home . It was an enjoyable day . Thanks < PROPMALE > for swinging a hammer along side me . I think tomorrow will be a day in my office . Not my favorite , but necessary . 
Ah an hour diversion away from my desk ... What a blessing getting my hands dirty can be . :) 
ugh . I must find a normal schedule . Driving until 5am while cost effective , has serriously altered my sleep schedule . oops ... 
Hey all who stalk me on facebook , I poped a fever when I got home today . It rages on 5 hours later . I covet your prayers . 
Being home sick is a bummer . I hope people have some fun on my behalf . 
I am at the doctor . I still have a fever , and they are going to do chest x-ray and take blood . Ugh day 4 of this , but tis okay get some good quiet time w/ God 
I just found out that what I have is Pneumonia . It was caught pretty early , Praise the Lord . 
I have started feeling better as of this morning . The Fever seems to be gone and now the cough medicine seems to stop the cough allowing me to sleep more restfully . 
So , skipping a dose of cough medicine is a bad idea , as is to much moving around to early . I am looking forward to being back to working speed . Thanks for everyone's prayers . Pneumonia go away . 
I am excited about the North vs . South game tonight . I don't know who I will root for , but I look forward to seeing friends there . I will be missing my small group friends however . I wish I could be in two places at once . 
Headed home .... Be back in 11 hours . 
My cough seems to be coming back :( 
Headed to the Son Shine Center for lunch . 
headed home ... wow ... it isn't even 5 yet . 
Food is on my mind ... I must go find some . 
I am ready to head home . I have a big day tomorrow , but I am looking forward to it . 
Headed to FAST ( Fellowship And Study Time ) I hope to see students there . 
I am about to head up to Shades State Park for a camping trip with the Youth Group at Maplewood . I am looking forward to spending time with my brothers . 
Wow , what a whirl wind of a work day . Is there such a thing as a reverse tornado ? Seems like the students of CSF managed to become one . Thanks so much for cleaning up the dirty hidden corners of the church building . 
is heading to FAST , oops , running late , good job < PROPFIRST > 
It is time for small group . Good thing we do lots of breaking of bread cause I am hungry . We have been reading C.S. < PROPFIRST>' The Screwtape Letters . Good times . You should join us . 
I had a great morning at Bible Study/Campus Life/Breakfast Club/YFC this morning at Otter Creek . I really need to figure out what that thing is called , but it is a great time . 5 dozen square doughnuts , and not one left over . We studied the friendship of < PROPMALE > and < PROPFIRST > from 1 < PROPFIRST > 20 . May we all try to build such honorable relationships . 
It has been a good day ... It started out at Otter Creek with Bible study , then a chapel service , lunch and a workout with a good friend , a productive day at the church ; all that and I still have small group to look forward to for a bit , and then I get to go back to Otter Creek for a live showing of < PROPFEMALE > in Wonderland ! Awesome day . 
This sure isn't feeling like a Friday . I don't know what Friday should feel like , or what day it does feel like , but what ever is going on , it doesn't seem to be Friday . Something seems to be missing . 
I am enjoying a simple day of house cleaning , but I am thankful it isn't an everyday ordeal . 
Anyone from Terre Haute with a CDL that can drive a school bus willing to spend Saturday December 11th taking students Ice Skating in Indianapolis with Youth For Christ and Maplewood Christian Church ? Leaving Terre Haute at 9:30 returning at 5:00 pm ? 
Headed to the Community Christian School's Christmas Program . Good thing I only need to walk down the hall ! 
I am about to head to Terre Haute North for Bible club ! 
Soon time to head to Indianapolis for Ice Skating and Shopping . Crazy I know . Pray for us . 
A question for the adults from the Children's Worship curriculum . . . \How can you help them ( students ) learn people's lives are affected by their responses to God ? \"" 
Small group tonight ! 
Can't get to sleep . My mind wont be still . Argh . 
Thinking about getting dinner before FAST at 7 . Does anyone have a suggestion ? 
And we are His witnesses to these things , and so also is the Holy Spirit whom God has given to those who obey Him . ” http://read.ly/Acts5.32.NKJV 
Praise God we had a warming last night that melted much of the ice off the trees and power-lines . Our power stayed on all night and the wood furnace is keeping the house nice and toasty . 
Headed to FAST . Looking forward to homework with students , and especially great Bible discussion . I hope to see many of you there . 
Questions for Sunday School . \ 
1 . What things get in the way of your relationship with God ? \ 
\ 
2 . What could be done to help remove those obstacles ? 
If your Dad was a hard working man and was your hero , loved you no matter what or was just the BEST DAD EVER , if you are blessed to still have your DAD or if he is an ANGEL in Heaven , paste this to your status and let everyone know you are PROUD of your Dad . You can replace a lot of people in life , but you only have one Dad . \ 
I love you ...... daddy ! 
Hanging out at Maplewood today . Come on over if you want . 
Neither shall he multiply wives for himself , lest his heart turn away ; nor shall he greatly multiply silver and gold for himself . http://bible.us/Deut17.17.NKJV 
Now when < PROPFIRST > had come to Antioch , I withstood him to his face , because he was to be blamed ; for before certain men came from < PROPFIRST > , he would eat with the Gentiles ; but when they came , he withdrew and separated himself , fearing those who were of the circumcision . And the rest of the Jews also played the hypocrite with him , so that even Barnabas was carried away with their hypocrisy . http://bible.us/Gal2.11.NKJV 
But the Scripture has confined all under sin , that the promise by faith in Jesus Christ might be given to those who believe . http://bible.us/Gal3.22.NKJV 
“This day the Lord your God commands you to observe these statutes and judgments ; therefore you shall be careful to observe them with all your heart and with all your soul . Today you have proclaimed the Lord to be your God , and that you will walk in His ways and keep His statutes , His commandments , and His judgments , and that you will obey His voice . Also today the Lord has proclaime http://bible.us/Deut26.16.NKJV 
< PROPMALE > was one hundred and twenty years old when he died . His eyes were not dim nor his natural vigor diminished . http://bible.us/Deut34.7.NKJV 
Maplewoods's VBS this year is Inside Out & Upside Down on Main Street from standard publishing starting June 13 . We will be putting some real effort into decorations . Anyone interested in using some of our resources when we are finished with them ? It would probably save you several hundred dollars and lots of man hours ... give me a call or send a message if you are . 
I am looking forward to small group tonight . We get to begin the RightNow the Mission of the Church Matters series . < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > kicks it off ... He is always challenging . 
But even if our gospel is veiled , it is veiled to those who are perishing , whose minds the god of this age has blinded , who do not believe , lest the light of the gospel of the < PROPFEMALE > of Christ , who is the image of God , should shine on them . http://bible.us/2Cor4.3.NKJV 
