New Year's resolution ... NO New Year's resolutions ! 

Okay < PROPFEMALE > , there's your pictures !!! 
Working on her resume ! 
Weekend is here ! No wait , I've had a weekend all week ! 
Had an AWESOME weekend with my family !!!! 
Packing up for the weekend !! Fun in the sun with friends !! 
Misses her best friend !! 
Not bad . Kids getting ready to go back to school soon . 
is going to pick up her sweety from the airport !!!! Yea !!! 
is sick of the constant drama !!! 
is FRUSTRATED !!!!!! 
just got both kids off to Homecoming , and am exhausted !! 
Thanks to all of my friends and family who voted on my photo . I won !!! :) 
Is weeping for her Michigan friends whose team got beat by the TWINS last night ! 
Thanks everyone for the birthday well wishes !! 
Can't wait for 5 oclock to get here ! 
is frustrated that everyone has seen < PROPMALE>'s interviews on national news stations except her :) 
It's FRIDAY !!!! Yay !! Weekend with my loved ones :) 
Updated profile picture !! Last pic was from 3 years ago lol !! This is me at the Wild - Coyotes game . 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all my family and friends !! ?? 
< PROPMALE > proposed , I said YES !!! What a great Christmas :) 
Thank you everyone for the well wishes !... I've been told by two 18 yr . olds that they are throwing my fiance a bachelor party ... I think I should be very scared !!! 
misses her kids :( 
My babies are coming home today !!! 
GO VIKES !!!! 
??? If you are a parent with the greatest kids on earth then copy and repost this and let's give our kids the recognition they need ! I love my kids . They may not be perfect but they are mine and I LOVE THEM UNCONDITIONALLY !!!??? 
Keep this going ... What was the No . 1 song on the day you were born ? Google the date and #1 billboard song ... Copy and paste with yours ............. I'm a believer- The Monkees 
One month from today , I marry my best friend ! Love you baby ! 
Date night ! WooHoo :) 
hopes her baby sister feels better soon ! 
Misses her fiance really really bad :( 
is ( according to her daughter ) a WOOTY ! 
I am currently unemployed , and still hate MONDAYS !!!!! 
I GOT A JOB !!!!! 
wants to thank everyone for the congrats on my new job ! Never thought I'd actually say \I get to go to work\ " ! Most of the time we say I have to go to work lol !! " 
If your mom is your hero , whether you are blessed to have your Mom still with you , or if she has gone to be with the Lord , copy and paste this with her name : < PROPFEMALE > Hasselbach ... I love you more MOM ~ your favorite :) 
Tonight will be a great night of fun memories , that is if I can remember tomorrow ! LOL !!! 
If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve . Because great men are few and far between , and I have one of them ? And I love & adore him !! 
Is getting very excited for tomorrow !!! 
Today is the big day ! I love you baby :) 
The wedding was perfect ! < PROPMALE > , I and our three kids at home on our four season porch . I am the luckiest girl in the world !!! ? < PROPMALE > I love you !? 
Happy birthday to my wonderful husband !!!! 
Job going good . Orientation is interesting , and informational ! 
Took our tour of the 6 clinics today . Thought I was going to die . The bus driver hit 12 curbs , we almost took out a school bus , and his door flew open while we were on the highway WTF ??? 
Off to Mexico for our Honeymoon !!!!!! < PROPFEMALE > skies , < PROPFIRST > beaches , and drinks with umbrellas .... HERE WE COME !! 
My babies come home today !!!!!! 
Having worked now for a month and a half , after being layed off for seven months , i've decided I don't like Mondays again !!! 
< PROPMALE > Ferguson was awesome last night . I laughed through the whole show . Great dinner and all out blast with friends . Thanks < PROPFEMALE > and Petey for the incredible night ! 
Is being driven crazy by all these kids !!! Oh and the < PROPFEMALE > . LOL ! 
Had a wonderful mother's day , and has the most terrific kids ! 
Wants to know what is the deal with the people in outdoor tubs on the Cialis commercials ? Bathing outdoors ... Really 
What do you call it when you have an apple canon , blow dart guns , 4 cop cars , an 82 yr . old grandma with beer goggles and a purple penis water bottle , and mix in the rest of our family ... ONE HELL OF A GRAD PARTY AT THE BOEHNE'S!!!! 
is HUNGRY !!... Need food :) 
Is tired of people yelling at her on the phone at work ... As if everything is my fault !!! Okay , done venting . Have a pleasant evening everyone :) 
Not so many yellers today ! Some very sweet little old ladies to talk to :) 
Just made guacamole !!!! YUM !!! 
It's Friday and I'm feelin no pain :) 
Only 5 more hours until we have another child turn 18 and have the option to boot them out of the house LOL !!!!! Only one more to go Muaaahaha ..... love ya kids :) 
Today I spend the day with my birthday girl ! 18 today !! Love you < PROPFIRST > !!! 
Just had lunch together , and now we're going to get tattoos !!! Love spending the day with my girl ! ( girls :) Rimma ) 
Today is going to be a GREAT day ! 
Missing my hubby ! 
6 months ago today I married the most incredible , kind and loving man ! I love you < PROPMALE > <3<3 
Weekend with friends ! Hope the weather complies ! 
Spending the day with my < PROPMALE > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
ONE MORE DAY !!!! 
Damn eight ball ! Oh well , maybe next week . Had a great night anyway :) 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes ! 
I'm off tomorrow , so Patron tonight ! 
Being a good listener can sometimes leave you drained ... But , can also make you so much more appreciative of what you have that others do not . I love my family , and am so grateful for them ! 
Get drunk and go naked ! 
Nice day for RELAXING !!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas to all of my friends and family . I love you all , and am blessed to have each and every one you in my life . May the new year bring good health , and happiness to you and yours ! 
My dear dear friend < PROPMALE > is having his third surgery this Thursday to remove a tumor on his brain . Everyone please pray for a speedy recovery , and strength to his family who are always by his side . 
My girl comes home tomorrow ! 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen 47 , is all over the news because he's a Celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy May 25 , are Soldiers who gave their lives this week w/ no media mention . Please Honor them by posting this as your status for a little while . May they rest in peace 
Spending the weekend relaxing with my wonderful husband ! 
Crazy quiet without the round heads here . 
Got my iPad2 today ! LOVE IT !! 
