Great team just a bad night .. We'll get em friday . love ya guys 

Its better to be told a hurtful truth than to be told a comforting lie . 
I've learned that maturity has more to do with what types of experiences you've had and what you've learned from them , rather than how many birthdays you've celebrated . 
someone here is lying .. 
whata cutie '' D 
What a great day :-) 
Surgery tomorrow :-| 
Okay , im tired of this couch . Come on dumb foot , work already . 
I can walk :-) 
Omg get a freakin life . 
I can not go to sleep . 
Why am i so freakin out of it today . 
I had a good night :) 
What a great night :) had a lot of fun with < PROPFIRST > and his family . 
What a bad day :( \ 
Why do people break into houses ? Find something better to do with your time . 
Tonight will be fun :) 
Fun night :D \ 
I didn't understand that freakin movie tho ... 
:D 
Had a great night :D 
Fun day :D 
Tonight will be fun !! :D 
Great night ;) 
Omg , stupid phone ! 
Today will be fun :D 
I wish i wasnt so freakin sensative sometimes ! 
One month ! :D 
What a great night ! 
Ya made a rebel of a careless mans careful daughter , you are the best thing that's ever been mine !! -taylor swift 
I wonder who you'd be today ? 
Nostradamus Effect is freakin scary . The world can't end m graduating year !! 
Going camping :D 
First day of school and my car gets hit :P . Just my luck lol 
Good day :) 
Aye < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > !! 
Oh man , four more days :) 
Tonight was fun :) 
Lil fitch 
What the heck ? I have no idea what that last post I wrote was . My bad lol 
I'm already tired of school :/ 
Pretty good night not gonna lie . 
Gonna sleep in ! 
It's all about tonight 
Two months 
Ugh I'm sick :( 
No school today , I feel like crap . 
Hope my granny can handle another surgery :/ she's been through < PROPFEMALE > much , I hope I'm as tough as her one day ! 
Fall just started and I'm already freezin my butt off . Whatthe heck 
Time for bed 
Is it really freakin monday . 
Best night in a long time ! :) 
Man I'm tired 
Omg , when are they just gonna stop this arguing in front of me :( 
Dont you hate when somebody says something to you and it hurts , even tho they probably weren't meaning it the way you took it . 
Holy cow im exhausted . 
Good night :-) 100% on all three tests tonight ! 
What the heck is the purpose of a gourd ? 
Time for more school :( 
Going to freakin grocery shop 
Im so happy im out of the desert . I love the rain :-) ! Reno on saturday baby ! 
Baby lets roll with it . :) 
Trust would be nice . 
Alright < PROPFEMALE > , im in bed . Lol . Goodnight . 
And im off to the joker and batman's wedding :) 
In reno :) 
Very fun weekend :) 
Its an aggravated assult in louisiana to bite someone with false teeth . Lol 
Grandma now knows the news :-| lol 
First year in my life that there's gonna be school on my birthday . Wat the heck 
I miss my best friend . Its still so weird not seeing that girl everyday :( 
Miss my mom 
Fun game :-) bedtime 
I am tired . Oh man , and have a gigantic headache . 
Whatever . 
Long day . One hour till more class . 
I cant sleep at all 
This is gonna be a very very long day . 
Is that a poverty ring ? Hahaha come on girl . 
I hydroplaned tonight and almost freakin wrecked earlier . Dang rain . 
This is way to early to be up doing clinicals 
I dont feel good at all :( 
And who cares if you disagree , you are not me , who made you < PROPMALE > of anything :) 
Raise your glass if you are wrong , in all the right ways ! 
Im sick of being sick . 
I dont understand the difficulty in just being respectful . 
Thank you fortune cookie :) 
Even on my weakest days , i get a little bit stronger :) 
I had fun today ! :) love my aunt < PROPFIRST > . 
School , then more clinicals tonight :( 
Like my status & I'll tell you : \ 
1 . Something I've learned about you by looking at your wall for 13 seconds . \ 
2 . The color you remind me of . \ 
3 . My first memory of you . \ 
4 . The animal you remind me of . \ 
... 5 . Ask something I've always wondered about you . \ 
6 . My favorite thing about you . \ 
7 . Give you a weird nickname . \ 
8 . Challenge you to post this . 
watching grey's anatomy <3 
This is crap . Its really time to grow up and think before you say things . 
My mom and grandma just got here ! Suprise :-) ! 
No school tomorrow :) 
Thank you everyone for the Happy Birthdays !!! You all rock :) 
Last night was pretty awesome :) I love my family ! 
Stupidity isn't a virus ... but it sure is spreadin ' like one ! 
You're stuck with me sucka !! Lol 
Learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . 
If I could write a letter to me ... 
A lot of things fall apart and break , but promises shouldn't be one of those things . Especially the ones to yourself .... :( 
Got my cna :) 
For every promise , there is price to pay . ~ Jim Rohn 
Where's < PROPMALE > when i need him ? 
On my way to salt lake for turkey day :) 
The stupid thing does have a power button . 
Watching nostradomus :) lol 
Hey you , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , i love you . You make me smile . 
Im sorry camren :( 
Lol so < PROPMALE > just complimented on my brown and orange hat . Hideous ! But apparently it looks good on me . Lol how dumb . 
WooHoo !!! Go olathe !! 
truck or help ? 
One of the worst days I've had . 
Man i have a HUGE headache 
Nosey freakin people really piss me off . 
Baby you're a firework , come on show em what you're worth :) 
This sucks :( 
Five months :) 
You drive me crazy half the time , the other half im only trying to let you know that what i feel is true , and im only me when im with you . 
Not a day goes by . 
`Try , try and try again , until you cant try any longer . And if that doesnt work you just spent a long time on something you just couldnt do . -stinky 
`(hey < PROPMALE > ) 
Goodnight :-) 
What a sweet boyfriend . He's painting my toenails 
Does anyone have Skype ? 
Six months <3 
Amazing day ! Happy half a year lol . :) 
Some people just never learn .. :-( 
Uhh , long day . And Im still trying to write a report for Child Growth and Development !! :( 
Oh man i am so sore . 
Im not feeling to good :( 
Im pretty sure I sold my car :D 
Going snowmobiling today :) 
So my hair got chopped off yesterday and i curled it today . Oh man . Way short . 
Dont you hate when somebody lies to you and you know for a fact they're doing it . 
I blew up my snowmobile today :P oh well . Happy 8 months yoseph . 
I sold my car ! 
Got my car :-) 
I had a nightmare . :-( so now instead of sleeping i report to facebook . What the heck 
On my way to Vegas :-) 
