Dear study guides , thanks for ruining my day , i officially hate you ! 

Allisons over :) Layin in bed creepin 
19 Days till Arizona :) 
17 Days till Arizona :) 
15 Days till Arizona :) 
14 Days till Arizona :) 
Goodbye ankeny , hello arizona :) 
Going to dinner at Old Town Tortilla Factory :) no clue what it is but should be good ! 
Pool is calling my name :) 
Home :) 
Don't text me , don't call me , don't message me , don't chat me , don't IM me , don't leave me a voicemail . I do not want to talk to you ! 
:) 
' cause i don't know how it gets better than this , you take my hand and drag me headfirst , fearless :) 
Done with Cheer Tryouts :) ! 
Texas <3 
I love you Texas <3 
2 hour nerf gun war with the cousins :) haha 
As we go on , We remember , All the times we , Had together , And as our lives change , From whatever , We will still be , Friends Forever <3 
Don't let someone become your everything , because when they walk out , you have nothing 
Hates homework with a passion ! 
Tylenol cold drousy = my best friend :) 
Stay Strong and Believe in Yourself :) i love you Shannon ! :) 
so i love it when i fall asleep outside ... ha 
\In your anger do not sin ; do not let the sun go down while you are still angry ... \ " Ephesians 5:26 " 
Hates Study Guides with a Passion !!! 
Laying Out :) 
Everybody needs Inspiration :) 
Going fishing tomorrow :) 
Loves it when she forgets to log out so people think you're on all night 
Dance recitals went great :) 
Scratch that .... 
In the end everything will be okay , if it's not okay , it's not the end .. 
Making chocolate covered strawberries with < PROPFEMALE > Ware :) 
Don't text me , don't call me , don't chat me , don't message me , don't email me , and don't leave me a voicemail . 
ECLIPSE PREMIERE :) 
Eclipse was AMAZING :) 
“Having a sister is like having a best friend you can’t get rid of . You know whatever you do , they’ll still be there . “ 
is out to eat with mama , dance , and then movie with < PROPFIRST > Delaney :) 
Golfingg with < PROPFIRST > Kuehl ! Ha never golfed , should be interesting :) 
Schedule ... anyone have ? \ 
1- Geometry : Featherstone\ 
2- Digital Images & Photo : Zuck\ 
3- Chorus : Cacciatore\ 
4- P.E. : Isaacson\ 
5- Study Hall : Morris\ 
6- French III : Lund\ 
7- Biology : Bach\ 
8- English 10/Western Civ : Asmussen\ 
Advisement- Hill 
Chicaaago sooon :) 
Home at Last ! 
has 2nd lunch ? who does that ?!! 
Locker 1446 and 2nd lunch ? 
Dancin at the Fair :) 
Farm <3 
23 Minutes in Hell ... read it 
is homework , i hate you with a passion ! 
Hawkeyes <3 
so definatley not looking forward to school tomorrow ... Last night was fun haha love homecoming group bonding :) 
ISU/UNI game ... GO PANTHERS :) 
Cedar Falls here we come :) Party Time !! 
I like it on the stairs 
Sometimes being completley disconnected from someone makes you appreciate them even more ... 
Every person has 1000 wishes . A cancer patient only has one : to get better . I know that 97% will not post this as their status , but I know that my friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or are still ......... fighting it !! ? 
people make mistakes , its what makes us human . we do things we regret but nobody is perfect , nor will anyone ever be . the best thing we can do is learn from our mistakes , and let them make us a better person . time heas all wounds , and piece by piece , the trust will come together again . God Forgives :) 
A man in history , named Jesus , had no servants , yet they called Him Master . Had no degree , yet they called Him Teacher . Had no medicines , yet they called Him Healer . He had no army , yet kings feared Him . He won no military battles , yet he conquered the world . He committed no crime , yet they crucified Him . He was buried ... in a tomb ..., yet He lives today . Repost if you believe this in your heart ! AMEN !!! 
And I hope you find it , what you're looking for , and I hope it's everything you dreamed your life could be and so much more . And I hope you're happy , wherever you are . I wanted you to know that , and nothing's gonna change that , and I hope you find it ... 
\Nothing that’s worthwhile is ever easy . Remember that . \ " \ 
ive never seen so many people on facebook in my life , sucks to be a freshman and younger :) 
Don't take life too seriously , nobody makes it out alive anyways :) 
is thankful :) i am blessed :) 
Stressed beyond belief ! 
Love life and life will love you back <3 
you just can't put an age limit on fun :) love my family <3 
another Pirates of the Caribbean movie ... yep my life's complete :) 
Going to < PROPFIRST>'s to play COD :) 
Foood = Love <3 
\I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean . Whenever one door closes I hope one more opens . Promise me that you'll give faith a fighting < PROPMALE > . And when you get the choice to sit it out or dance . I hope you dance ... I hope you dance <3 \"" 
Forgiveness is not accepting the past ; forgiveness is giving up hope that the past could be any different 
Loves Hockey <3 
Hates projects ! visual media and commercials are overrated ! 
Grounded on a Saturday night = watchin Sleeping Beauty and doing homework ... awesome 
Words with Friends is so addicting ! 
Storms :) 
Great job VA :) You're still #1 to me ! 
Prom :) 
