it is what it is ,... you cant change it ,... so live with it , accept it ! 

Forget about PAST Mistakes , Forget about Failures , Forget about everything ,... Except what you're going to do NOW !! 
God is great , Beer is good , and People are Crazy !!!!!!!!!! 
once in a while you get shown the light , in the strangest of places if you look at it right ! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING ! 
there's nothing like family !! 
Listen it's a good song ! 
First the money , then the smile , everything is for a while 
Where does it all begin now , where is it going to end . 
nothings ever built to last ! 
in a little district , in a neighborhood , people movin swift like they think they should 
you may hold some vision of truth , if truth can be found in a lie . maybe some grain of inspiration for a song that's deep inside 
Drinkin < PROPMALE > light & eatin chicharrones 
Oh yeah , and gotta have Sublime in the background !!!! 
should i turn myself in on monday ..????... im considerin it , get it the fuck over whats a month or two anyway right ! 
WHERE DOES IT ALL BEGIN NOW , WHERE IS IT GOIN TO END ?!?!?!?!?!?!?!! THATS THE FUCKIN QUESTION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Can I sail through the ocean's changin tide , can I handle the seasons of my life ??????? landslide 
She's always the head corner stone , the one that the builder refused to always be the head corner stone 
This train , is bound for < PROPFEMALE > . This train won't < PROPFEMALE > noone holy . This train is bound for < PROPFEMALE > , this train . 
Since when can you be told to come back tomorrow , when you're trying to turn yourself in ? 
Well , peace out for a lil while everybody ! it's off to the county in the morning ! When i get out nothing hangin over my head ! atleast not in cali that i know of !! lol 
FFFFUUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKK YYYYYEEEEESSSSSSSS . No Jail for me , Not this time !!!!!!!! today's a good day !! 
Sometimes shit just don't turn out the way u thought it would .. or should . You can bring a horse to the water but you can't make him drink . 
pretty pathetic i almost regret not going to jail 
You don't have to know what you're looking for , just make sure you start looking ! 
The Hangover is THE SHIT ! 
Props to my big bro , i know you aint got a facebook but somehow if you see this i just want to say that i've got mad respect for you and who you are !! I love you man !! 
Live and let die . But still love life . whats good 
An idle mind is the devils playground ! 
Black ? whats this all about ? 
HOLY SHIT , got scrappin this weekend and it boosted my confo . a lil bit cuz it's been a while and i got down just like i remember !! i don't know why but that just feels like true fuckin fun < PROPFEMALE > me !! good times , told ya i got yur back homie !!! 
i was playin zynga poker , and i was killin it . and i had most my money in my pocket but i had a flush on the table with 2 grand in , and 8 grand more ready to play with , talkin a lil shit , but all of the sudden my computer froze and when it came back all the money i had at the table was gone ?! sumone get mad at me winnin and talkin shit and somehow hack into my cash ?! lol that shits crazy . im bamboozled 
HOLY SHIT !! i think i finally have a job !! 
LOVE , from the way i've come to see it , is both an unexplainable feeling and combination of feelings . It can give you a feeling or sense of Passion , < PROPFEMALE > , Hope , Motivation , Self-Worth , Compassion , Humility , Honesty , Confidence , Ambition , Pride , and Respect . LOVE , I believe is both the reason i'm alive today , and the reason to keep living tomorrow . 
You have to have faith in something , something bigger and more powerful than yourself . Whatever it be in , that faith will give you meaning , that meaning will give you new perspective , and with the right perspective comes clarity . Only with clarity can you see your true path . 
R . I . P-Bill Gardner 
R . I . P-Bill Gardner . You'll be forever remembered ! 
Cuz everything is such a Bore !! Tonight i had a dream , don't make me sick . Saw you in your bedroom suckin someone else's < PROPMALE > . My goodness . lol that songs the shit ! 
Before I could Love myself , I had to be Comfortable with myself . 
Starting Today , I Will Worry About Nothing That I Can't Change . 
bout < PROPFEMALE > do sum mofuckin trailridin beeeeeitches !!!!!!!!!!!!! 
awwwwwwwwww fuuuuuuck i juss fucked < PROPFEMALE > shit up !!! i went down ONE time and ate shit !!!! wow tahts embarassing , and alil painful :( but gotta go back 2morrow im not gettin my ass kicked by a hill !!!!!!!!!! haha 
It is what it is , that's a fact , but you can change what it is . Only you have the power to do that . I AM A HEROIN ADDICT and I will always be one , but I have not used in seven monthsand in that seven months i've started to find myself . I have Hope again , I have Dreams again , I have a Real Future again . Anything is possibleand i'm a true believer of that . Love Yourself & Love Life . Good things will happen . 
Wut the fucks up people ??? Just chiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiill , lifes koo 
haha fuckin killin it bitches 
If she's someone you enjoy , you can trust , and that you feel . Then she's someone worth pursuing , what she gives you could be real . And the beauty does'nt hurt . 
fuckin nitro circus at the elsinore track 
Bout time < PROPFEMALE > go try out work with a broken back and shoulder !!! lol wish me luck 
im in love with red vines 
I had this smell today that reminded me of palm springs when i was a kid . its crazy how certain scents can bring back such a vivid memory 
Fuckin-a I hate broken bones , lol they make me feel boarderline useless 
I need another job , why can't i find another job 
The biggest changes come with time , but making smaller changes too , help that . 
straight up , i gotta find another job and get the fuck outta here . Hostal , depression central !! 
Im not a fighter but Bitch , i take care a my own . 
Fuck It 
It's great when I got a girl ... No girl ? It's all good i got Ganja Green 
Your heart's on the loose , you roll them sevens with nothing to lose . This aint no place for the weary kind . You called all your shots , shootin 8-ball at the corner truck stop . Somehow this do'nt feel like home anymore . 
I wanna hit the Ortegas today , but it's just a matter of gettin off my lazy ass and doin it 
2 days ' til I have 8 months from bein an active Junkie 
Hells yeah 8 months 
Finally back to work this mornin ! 
Bricen Conklin 
Since i've been gone from work , I guess someone in the place found out what GOOD MUSIC sounds like .... So im < PROPFEMALE > kin a shower and headin on back ! Happy Easter < PROPFEMALE > all !! 
HAHA Fuck IT Bitches 
Believe in where you're going , but remember where you're from ! 
Gettin off my lazy ass and makin sum eggs and potatoes 
Lookin like a very warm , nice day ! Think i'm gonna try that ortega trail that kicked my ass last time , lol 
Boredom is a biiiiitch 
Alright , no more boredom ! I'm fuckin done with boredom , it makes my mind go wild . Brother in law says he has sum paintin jobs for me , well i'm hittin his ass up manyana ! Go finish paintin his bathroom and what ever else he needs painted and see whats up on that shit ! 
A lil bit a paintin today , followed by my favorite food in the entire world !!! Hot & Cold Chicken tonight ! Stoked 
Got sum paintin done , gonna finish the house next week . Fuckin I actually really enjoy goin to my sis's and doin sum paintin for her ! She's the fam . so she knows i'll always help her out , any way i can !! Plus i got a bonus , get < PROPFEMALE > kick it with the Bro-in-law and just < PROPFEMALE > lk about real shit ! Get < PROPFEMALE > see < PROPFEMALE > ht he is a down ass mother fucker too ! He knows whats up ! when i live , i love it .... I fuckin have fun with it ! 
Gonna hit the neice up taday , chill by the pool and hopefully get sum kinda color on my pale ass lol 
Life continues < PROPFEMALE > just shake me up ! There are things that are out of my control , but they're things that hit me on such a deep personal level that I can't just go on with my life ! I feel an insane < PROPFEMALE > to everyting i can , til its no longer physically possible . Maybe a self-destrucictive trait , but a trait of mine none the less 
Chillin 
What the fuck < PROPFEMALE > do today 
Take the good with the bad , you got < PROPFEMALE > play witchur devil . < PROPFIRST>'s love helps < PROPFEMALE > ease all the pain I've felt , whoa-oh -K.M.K 
I wanna be forever young 
420 
Paintin Day 
Take what you know , combined it with what you want . That is your goal . Lmao , Fuck the world . You do you ! 
I wanna be completely free 
Damn i miss you < PROPFEMALE > 
Livin < PROPFEMALE > love life 
Quaker chewy peanut butter & chocolate chip granola bar = the shit 
Bomb ass omelette in my near future :) 
I don't mind bein at work when there's shit < PROPFEMALE > do . But when I just sit around cuz there is absolutely nothing to do . That definately shitty shit 
I think i gonna try eggs , hashbrowns , sausage , jalapenos , onions , and ham dumped in a bowl of chili . see if that excites the tastebuds ha 
hmmmmmm ...... What to do now ...... 
Around three hours ago , I said fuck chillin . This time i'm goin hikin , and good things happened ! 
It is really frickin hot today , like everywhere i go 
It's like I forgot how shitty bein sick is ! 
S < PROPFEMALE > rtin < PROPFEMALE > feel a lil better , hope it lasts 
If you got somethin to say , then say it . Hope it makes you feel better 
POT ROAST !!!!!!! WUT .... WUT ..... YEEEAAH 
This aint no funky reggae party , $5 at the door !!!!!! sublime will never ever get old ! 
Can't wait til morning !! Hikin it up 
Walkin to the hills , gonna take a lil hike 
Made it to the Highway , i'm happy with that 
I'm goin hikin atleast 2 times a week . I don't know why but I have anxiety problems . But when i'm climbin that hill , i'm not worried about shit except not fallin !! ha love it 
I love < PROPFIRST > In The Box Tacos 
Daaaanm !! my shoulders are burned 
People around you come and go , but you're stuck with yourself forever . So learn to enjoy it . 
you're not the boss a me now you're not the boss a me now you're not the boss a me now and you're not so biiiiiiiiiiiiig 
Coffee , Cigarette , C.M.T. , lol , morning ritual 
WoW , why can't I wake up ... Slow morning 
I'm craving Omelette !. 
Now i'm craving Nachos 
' s lovin the weather 
Cinco de mayo 
Back to sign up for this Labor Program again ... Hopefully I complete all my days before breakin anymore bones ! 
Eggs and potatoes - I fuckin lovem 
What's Next 
Aint no stoppin the youngsters , gettin it done 
How old are you , and how old do you feel ? 
I want to go to bed , but I don't at the same time 
Long day officially startin in an hour 
Happy mothers day to all the mothers 
Maybe not the most beautiful of gorgeous smiles , but a genuine one none the less . 
License possible ? 
peanut m&ms = the shit 
You make me smile 
I'm so bored , I wish 3 would just get here so I could go to work . work .. now that's boredom 
Finally bout 3 . Lmao . Aint done shit , but it's been a long half-day 
community service in the morning at the pet shelter .. 
There are times when more effort can be destructive , sometimes you just gotta let things roll 
When the wounds fade into scars 
is insanely tired 
I wanna do something but i'm in lazy mode 
Live and let live 
Pain fades . Endure the darkness , the light will be that much nicer . 
Ready for another day with the dogs 
How many changes can you make before you start compromising who you are 
Drop what you're doing , head to the coast , and forget about the world 
777 
Nothin like drunk karaoke 
R.I.P. - Aunt < PROPFEMALE > Forever Loved And Remembered 
Quit building from a broken base 
Fucked up visions in my head , i'm a fucked up kid is what they said . -mest 
Honesty and acceptance are two essential tools used in building bridges to contentment 
90 degrees at 9am , fuuuuuuck 
In the water ' til the sun sets , where it's at 
another fuckin burn cleanin the grill damnit 
Punkrock reggae tone , throw in a lil rap- you got one catchy poem 
No risk of burns no more . Menace Sports Bar and Grill- no longer 
Thinkin bout takin a hike .. 
So wipe the dirt off , or take your shirt off . and we should go hit the cantina we got word of . - d.h. 
Free expression with true intentions 
Todays mission , help a dog get adopted . 
What would we do without music ?! 
Blue , Brindle pit bull mastiff . badass breed mix ! 
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads actually bein dads ! 
MENACE SPORTS BAR AND GRILL - < PROPMALE > SALE , LAST DAY OPEN . HALF OFF CLOTHES . FOOD , DIRT CHEAP . DOLLAR DRAFTS , 5$ PITCHERS 
Made enough < PROPFEMALE > just say wheew !! 
Sometimes it's just not worth competing 
needs a haircut , but i dont wanna just buzz it all off again ... maybe a non-curly fro , ha fuck it 
Take a step back , soak it in . 
times change , minds rearrange . feels new but not unknown . 
One good thing about music ; when it hits , you feel no pain . - < PROPMALE > Marley 
There's nothin nicer than seein happy loved-ones 
He's not talkin shit , he's helpin you grow 
< PROPFEMALE > ! 
My focus will not stray 
One a the best days in a long time , and I don't even know why . Just a great day 
Got < PROPFEMALE > see the homie Charleeto while he's got his freedom , and it's 4th of july !! 
Be as good , at the least , as you promised yourself you would be 
Be a Dreamer 
I love dreams ... Even when you haven't seen someone in , what seems like forever ... In a dream , it could be like they were never gone 
Momma's taco's ..... Happiness ! 
Woke up and felt frickin weird . Not good , not bad , just weird 
Keep ya head up 
No more Sheriff's Labor program !!!!!!! **** the police 
Cravin tacos ! 
-One Love- 
Chicken and biscuits 
Just got done with a writin mish .. now gotta see wut up 
Even a smell can bring me back to a great time 
Inception . This movie I have to see . 
Last day of volunteering at the shelter for a month , the guy they hired instead of me is already taking a month vacation and i'll be coverin for him . Hopefully they'll see i'm even worth more when your payin me to do something . haha 
Life aint the best but it's definately goin in that direction . Thank you to everyone who gave me encouragement and stuck by me in my needing time ! 
Feels like a storm's about < PROPFEMALE > hit 
Lost alotta homies over the years due to ignorance and ego . Tryin to right as many wrongs as I can . 
Top Ramen never gets old 
Just heard a song with < PROPFEMALE > rappin Country Grammar to Sweet Home Alabama and I gotta admit it was pretty chill . haha 
is jealous of all u michiganders goin to Venetian ! 
Off chillin with the dogs 
Gotta start gettin more in shape , i'm feelin old 
Sometimes it's even hard to go forward with something you really want 
This is me , like it or not , this is me . 
Slooooopppyyy Joooooooooes 
I'm tired and don't wanna ride a bike to work :( 
Kinda cool that my wants and needs don't fight so much anymore 
If you can't have more fun with that person Sober rather than not , then it's not meant to be . 
Ate shit Hard yesterday on the bike , now my elbow and side are Hurtin :( 
No matter what you're doin , when you feel that cool breeze come through ; stop and just be still 
Had < PROPFEMALE > shave the head again , i'm just too lazy for hair 
No work tomorrow , got < PROPFEMALE > find somethin < PROPFEMALE > get into 
Confusion leads < PROPFEMALE > questions , but some questions don't deserve answers 
-One Heart- 
Time flies sometimes 
-Chillin- 
I do better when i don't try 
Live it up ! Shit's been fun 
1 Year . :) 
Change is the only constant in life 
Happy Loner 
I'm thinkin casino next weekend ... It's callin my name 
thinkin bout gettin a tat this weekend 
First time in Vegas and old enough to gamble ... and it was BadAss ! 
Above money and all possessions gained are the people and love you've found along the way . 
Fuck past mistakes , fuck all failures . Fuck everything except what you're going to do now ! 
The Office is my new favorite show 
Charges dropped , I knew that fucker wouldn't show ! 
I wish I knew where < PROPFEMALE > get a chicago dog around here .. Huge craving 
I hate it when no matter how long I lay there , I just can't fall asleep .. just pisses me off 
Two chicken pot pies with a broiled hamburger bun , drenched in tapatio ... Alot better than you might think ! 
Has anyone else noticed that when you recieve chips on zynga poker , the chips are never added to your chip count ? 
Beer can chicken = Bomb 
Love sayin Fuck It 
Livin it up , never given s fuck . Give me the keys i'm drunk and i've never driven the truck- but i smoked dope in the cab , stab you with the sharpest knife i can grab- come back the next week and reopen your scabs- Killer instinct runs in the blood . I calmed down now , i was heavy once into drugs . 
Lovin the rhyme but reason comes first 
Saw family I havn't seen in a very long time , and even tried some seafood that turned out delicious .. Twas a good day 
Just Livin 
shit gets crazy .. and i Love it !! 
dont give a fuck where ya from or anything ya say ya done - see ima rise like the sun , u gonna cry like the young - afta em im the next white boy at numba one 
im thinkin l.a. this weekend .. fuck it 
Anyone ever had a dream about someone you don't know and never even seen before ?! 
uhhhhhhhh , nah i got nothin 
a < PROPFEMALE > heads up is a days good luck and damn i love frosted flakes 
Enjoying doin nothin ! 
I forgot how much i love Trix ! 
Back when too much was just never enough 
YES ON PROP 19 
spicy chicken nuggets 
ckicken < PROPMALE > carbon tacos are the shit ! 
Life is an ongoing lesson with constant reevaluation 
- 13 - 23 - 11 - 87 - 
When will michigan let me get my Fucking license ?!? S < PROPFEMALE > rtin < PROPFEMALE > piss me off 
sooo many awesome songs lost over time 
thinkin bout gettin back into meetings 
Shitty day ! Think ima go bowlin 
Everyone have a happy thanksgiving , i'll be scoopin dog poop ... pretty shitty 
Off to my first meeting in a long long time 
Couldnt ask for a nicer day 
Crazy fuckin people 
< PROPFIRST>'s arrived and movin friday 
Work , My name is < PROPMALE > , Bomb-ass home made tacos with some brisk sweet tea .. I can say it was a good day ! haa 
KRS1 
Inception was pretty damn good but i think im'a have to watch it a couple more times to really get it . still a lil lost 
There is NO ache like a tooth ache ! First time i've ever looked forward to seein the dentist 
Playin it safe is boring and a waste 
< PROPMALE > Almighty - 1\ 
< PROPFIRST > Almighty - 0 
New mission-Find another job ! Asap 
Movin 2day ! 
The youth and elder agree ... God is bullshit , but have faith if it helps you live ! Love conquers all . 
Makin an appointment at the DMV is a fuckin joke . 3 calls later and still nothin . 15 minutes of my life i'll never get back 
Thanx for all the Birthday wishes ! 
Another day , another dime 
Shit tends < PROPFEMALE > happen the minute i give up 
The head-corner stone 
Beer is good 
FUCK Michigan ! 
Theres no answer to anything . The patterns you recognize are self-made . The only reasons are those you created . Life's short , have fun and dont trip . 
does anyone know if anywhere still sells chaco tacos 
drive slow homie 
Stater bros chili and a bag a fritos with a bottle a tapatio sittin on the side ... My tastebuds are jumpin . 
Let me forget about today until tomorrow . - < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > 
Just keep truckin on . 
The question to everyones answer is usually asked from within . - S.M.B 
Cuz i'm as free as a bird now and this bird you cannot change . L.S. 
Establish your goal . With all your time , pursue it . Feel yourself acting . Stop doubting , just do it . KRS One 
Livin on , Livin strong . A new life is in sight . The wrong way brought change that can make this shit right . 
haha fuckin crazy fools 
( 1/2 ) Part of the < PROPFEMALE > rights that needs to get re fuckin thought out ; \ anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law \ " . Can 
( 2/2 ) definatly . Will , not necessarily . 
