Happy 4th all ! 

< PROPMALE > Potter didn't disappoint ... I'd have sat through a few more hours of it lol 
Nickelback + Papa Roach = A rush of Rock to the head ... 
FACEBOOK EXPERIMENT- if you are reading this , whether we do or don't speak often , please post a comment of the first memory you have of you and me that pops in your head . When you've finished , post this paragraph on your own status ; you'll be surprised what people remember about you . 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes ! 
No one will ever know or care about the real you if you don't know who you are and what you want . Accept yourself . Love yourself . Change what you don't like about yourself . Because at the end of the day , if you want someone to love you , you need to love yourself first . How's that for a New Year's resolution ? 
< PROPFEMALE > 
Just saw < PROPFIRST > < PROPFIRST > in Outback ... 
How many drinks ...? 
Not enough . 
Still . 
Not good enough ..... 
Truth or Dare ? 
is home ... 
asks : If you could write a letter to yourself at 16 , what would you write ? 
sleep is overrated ... 
My poor car ... 
\Death is the road to awe ... \"" 
is working like a slave ... 
Ok , now to kill time until 11 ... 
is ready for Round 2 . 
The difference between bravery and stupidity is purpose ; the difference between genius and insanity is undeniable evidence . 
runs on Dunkin 
Evo 4G = Happiness 
Coffee ... * zombie groan * 
might pass out 
Say it ain't SNOW !? 
I give up . I really do . 
What's with all the < PROPFIRST > ? 
Overnights are so boring , and it's like 90 degrees in here . Quick ! Someone get me some Four Lokos ... cold ones . 
What I want and what I need are out of reach for me ... 
Good night , < PROPFEMALE > 
This poor lady begs my cab driver to jump her car . She's got 3 kids . the driver asks me if its okay , and I say yes . Then this ballsy cab driver looks at the woman and says \15 dollars ! \"" 
It's all wrong , isn't it ? 
\Bevins .... life is hard . \"" 
Migraine day is a very dangerous day . 
Censoring myself is pointless , ineffective , detrimental and quite frankly tiring . Time to piss some people off . 
Holy adventures , Batman ! 
This dream level is getting too real , no totem to help me out . I need a kick STAT 
Fear can crush your soul , if you let it . 
Bah humbug 
A billion walls for me to climb ... 
Mmmm ... tastes like home . 
is feeling nostalgic 
Hoping I get home before the blizzard ... 
Snow so high the cars can't move , and since we live on a dead end street no one has paved our road . We are quite literally snowed in . Had to climb out the bedroom window because there was so much snow the door wouldn't open . Sorry , boss lol 
Wide awake . Can't sleep . Work in the morning ... 
Running on 1 hour sleep is easier than it looks . 
I can do anything . 
\There's no need for a Plan B cause it distracts you from Plan A . \"" 
Time to nut up or shut up . 
What's the magic word ? Overtime . 
Absolutely amazing . 
It's hard to be the person you want to be , rather than the person you are ... 
So I know I'm late with this zodiac thing but apparently I'm no longer a Sagittarius , and that saddens me . This ' Ophiuchus ' better be a good thing , or I'm gonna be pissed . 
Either you're intentionally being an ass or you're just really incompetent . Try to make a firm decision one way or the other so I can take the proper course of action , or at least take the time to run your pathetic little schemes by someone with half a brain before you attempt to screw me over . You're not fooling anyone , and you're not accomplishing anything . But keep pushing me , and I'll push back . 
Respect is not something deserved or claimed ; it is only to be earned or lost . Respect that hasn't been earned is easily lost , but respect that has been lost is made all the harder to earn back . 
Hit the bottle like you mean it ... 
Aaaand he's here . Damn . Let's try a new strategy o_O 
It's poll time ! Air Force or Navy ? 
Some people are gonna be real pissed off if they make me a dispatcher . Are you ready ? Our supervisor is already asking if I want to cover the position . Hell yes . Be very afraid . 
Jesus , this kid is way to grown up for 10 years . Cook away , < PROPFEMALE > ! 
Teaching my dad to play PS3 might be the most entertaining thing I've ever done lol 
< PROPMALE > Hardy as Bane . < PROPFEMALE > Hathaway as Catwoman . And now < PROPFIRST > Gordon-Levitt has joined the cast . In 2012 , the Dark Knight will rise ! :) 
The plan was to drink until the pain over\ 
but what's worse , the pain or the hangover ? 
Anxiety is deadly . Does it really get better ? 
10 year olds are smarter than you'd think . 
Got to get my cool back ! 
Shakespeare said nature broke the mold when first it tried to make you , \ 
but I say molds were fashioned in attempts to recreate you . 
All it takes is a visit to my grandparents to remind me where home is . 
When it rains it pours , and I'm drowning 
Aaaand power outage #4 ... 
Ever had a really good day doing absolutely nothing ? 
Where's the Bacardi ? Yay me :) 
Oh no it's the 15 Cents commercial ! :) 
Need ... medication ... 
Epic and irresponsible . 
I want to be on < PROPFIRST > Sheen's level ... 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen is bound to the terrestrial dimension ? Ha ! And he calls himself a warlock ... 
is officially growing his hair out . 
Dear rubbernecking assholes , \ 
\ 
I hope you crash and die . Wait , that would just summon more of your kind . Damn . 
wants more . 
desires only to be made of stronger stuff . 
Sooooo high .... my shoes are scraping the sky ... 
is feeling good 
Stay thirsty , my friends . 
they're sharing a drink they call loneliness\ 
but it's better than drinking alone 
Every station on the radio was reading my mind this morning :) 
Today is my last day shift 
the more I write ... the more I write . :) 
Pour some sugar on me ! o_O 
A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies . 
Yeezy taught you too ? Wtf does he have a class or something ? 
Operation : < PROPFEMALE>'s Day Out is a go . Wish me luck . 
Mission Accomplished . 
Tires ... 
How many double shifts is too many ? 
How do you make a great day perfect ? Just add booze . :) 
Deer are creepy creatures . 
Korean food : Check and Mate . This list is getting smaller . 
To eat , or not to eat ? That is the question . 
falling asleep on the drive home ... time to blast the rap music & show off my mad skillz B ) 
3 days , this migraine has persisted . Guess I gotta be a druggie now . 
I love it when people hold me hostage in a conversation . It forces me to think up lots of creative ways of saying ' I don't want to talk to you ' without being offensive . 
God < PROPFIRST > Seagal , what happened to you ? You weren't < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > or < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > but you were a certifiable badass , once upon a time . \ 
My , how the mighty have fallen . 
Dark Knight feeling ... 
Today was great ^_^ 
Dinner for breakfast is not as enjoyable as breakfast for dinner . 
She pushed the button ... 
Sometimes , things work out . In the most mind numbingly complex , nail bitingly suspenseful way possible . Grrr . 
Frustrated ... 
Jeanninism #1 , on Cool Ranch Doritos . \ 
\It's Christmas ! On a CHIP ! \"" 
Hello darkness my old friend ... I've come to drink with you again ... 
Ugh what day is it ? They're all melding into one that's painfully long and familiar . 
Road Trip ! 
I love traveling . I have to do this more often ... 
