Happy New Year !!! 

Chi-town here I come !!!!!!!!!!!! 
< PROPFEMALE > was here :P 
< PROPFEMALE > vs . Godzilla ... SQUISH ! 
Happy New Year Everyone !!!! 
Happy Easter !! 
I'm freeeeeeeee ! No more APs !!!!!! 
Done !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 14 pages DoNE :) 
I need a break from chem studying 3 days straight AHhHH I hate finals ! Ideal Gas Law : V*P = n*R*T Make it stopppp ! 
Happy Bloomsday !!!! Go < PROPFIRST > < PROPFEMALE > ! 
You speak witchery ! - < PROPMALE > 
Sorry Ghana , I like you guys a lot , but .... GO USA ! I hope I can see some of the game during the weding 
Now that was a fun weding ! I lovemy family . 
Happy 4th of July ! 
No pancakes :( 
One day until England !!!! 
On the plane to London . See you guys in two weeks ! 
I believe that eating Spam at 5'clock in the morning should not be allowed . 
Leaving England :( 
I'm home :) 
If you are going to treat me like a petulant child , I may as well act like one . 
It was great , too bad it didn't last 
Got my Permit :) 
I feel sightly masochistic , so I'm going to listen to \Someday You Will Be Loved\ " by Death Cab for Cutie . Yay for putting salt in an open wound ! " 
Late August is such at tease , summer doesn't last . :( 
I can't sleep 
I got contacts :) 
Contacts are evil . 
Would have been nine months today , but it isn't :( 
School tomorrow , AP Bio summer work today ! :( 
I just got 3 pairs of pants for FREE ! 
Optimism : a mania for insting that all is well when things are going badly 
This paper is killing me ! Oh wait , I can use the word is , AHAH 
Why is my goldfish turning white ? 
I hate being sick :( 
I need to get out of this house I'm going crazy !!!! 
FiTrip Woot !!!!! 
Field Trip Wooot !!!! 
The Social Network was a terrific movie . Everyone with a facebookshould go see it . 
Good lucky to anyone taking the PSATs today ! 
One College down , eight to go ! 
Carpe Diem- Seize the Carp 
I hate it when plans fall through ! 
This is going to be an interesting election night 
California Über Allis ! < PROPFIRST > Brown is the Govenor of California , again ! 
Going to Chicago 
I am where God drinks coffee , The Divinty School Coffee Shop at the University of Chicago 
Back Home :) 
Happy Thanksgiving to all , even to you Candians that had thanksgiving more than a month ago :) 
Huge Gallagher , you are now my hero for life . 
My Hamlet paper is done !!!! WooT ! 
Full Ride to Fordham!!!!!' WOOT !!! 
My sister smells cow chips and then sells them as truffles . 
I was just looking at the cover of the new time magazine 
\The Great the Red Wall of China\ " - < PROPFEMALE > " 
