Finally on Facebook . What's up people ? 

is eating peanutbutter mms and watching videos on youtube . What an exciting life I lead . :) 
is hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > Oatman , < PROPMALE > Bown , and < PROPFIRST > Simmers . 
had such a CRAZY , good time last night !! Luv you guys !! :) 
will not be pushed around or disrepected by people who have attitude problems . Maybe thinking ahead and planning accordingly will alleviate unneccessary BS and stress in the futute . I am not a maid or a personal assistant to anyone . 
just got out of work . Let the weekend begin ! YEEEHAHH ! 
is home watching V . Good show . The aliens are coming ! Take me first ! 
is drinking the ususal morning coffee and getting ready for work . Exciting . Not . Well it should be a nice day after I get out . Hopefully . 
is going to Taco < PROPFEMALE > any minute . Yay !! Tacos , Tacos , Tacos !! With < PROPFEMALE > !! A little overly excited . I mean Tacos are no big deal right ? Wrong !! :) 
ate soooo many Tacos last night , my belly still hurts ! I overdosed on Tacos ! Today , I will just go to my job and really work off some of those extra Tacos . Oh , but it was soooo worth it ! Tacos , my true love ...... your lettuce , your cheese , your tomatoes and sour cream ! Oh and your seasoned beef takes me to places I have always dreamed of .... :) ~ 
wants to do something fun tonight ! Don't want to be alone . :( My gf is being kidnapped by her mother . UGGGHHH !!! 
is enjoying a Sunday morning cup of coffee . French Vanilla . Yumz !! Then , I am contemplating on waking < PROPFEMALE > up with me magic hands . ;) ~ 
wants no part of getting up for the day . Would love to take the day off . It's so rainy and dark outside . Just wanna stay in and sleep late , but gotta go to work . :( Thank goodness for Folgers French Vanilla .... 
is feeling energized and ready to take over the world ! HOO , HOO , HA , HA , HE , HE ...... Okay , okay , this obviously comes with an evil undertow , but who's with me ? Anyone ? We can bring evil and destruction to everyone ! Plus , it really fun being bad ! :) 
is going to see a play with < PROPFEMALE > tonight . Should be fun . :) On another note the V are back ! Yay !! Just got done watching the latest episode and like I said already , take me first !! I wanna go up in the big reptilian space ship ! I need to find out where I truly come from ! Take me to your , I mean , * my * leader !! hahahahahahahahaha .... 
is totally wiped out . Up all night . I am not feeling so hot , but I am going to suck it up and enjoy this beautiful weather we are having . :) Hopefuly having a good attitude works and I feel better sooner rather than later . Really . ' Cause I feel like KAKA ! 
is looking forward to getting outside today ! Feeling 100% better than yesterday , thank gawd . 
just had some of the craziest , hottest , most intoxicating orgasms ever in my life !!!! < PROPFEMALE > has the most gorgeous glow on her face !!!! Baby what you ad I have is purely magical .... :) ~ 
wants to wish everyone a Happy Easter ! 
Yay ! The Mets smack down the Marlins 7 to 1 on opening day ! 
is tired of being harassed by ignorant valley girl bitches ! You all are just jealous that I can hold it down the way I do . You are all vanilla to me . Like Coke when it goes flat ! Ya just got a problem ' cause I get your man looking at me more then he looks at you ! Guess what ? They don't like boring either ! Next time I gonna just throw down on a bitch . Then there won't be any misunderstandings or mistakes ! 
luvs this weather ! Makes me want summer to come that much faster . Just got off work and I wish it was Friday or something . I just wanna let loose , ya know ? 
had an awesome night playing kickball with < PROPFEMALE > Oatman , < PROPMALE > Simmers , < PROPFIRST > Lopardo , and many others ... and we kicked ass !! Yeah baby ! I actually made it to homeplate once ! Score ! And < PROPMALE>'s foot was on fire the whole night ! You sent that ball into space , man ! < PROPFEMALE > was on the other team . Sorry babelicious ! Next time I wanna be on your team , sweets ! :) ~ 
loves , loves , loves ,..... Sunday mornings . :) 
thinks my allergies <- :( tried and failed to get the best of me today . I just got to see someone that I haven't seen in a while ! It has been a great day ! So take that sh ! t ya damn crappy allergies ! 
may never find a reason to shine , but here and now this is the time . And I may never find the meaning of life , but for this moment I am fine . :) 
could use a hug . It has been a long week despite my effort to smile through it . The latest thing to happen ... I fell sooo hard and ripped up my knee and cut up my hands . Gonna take a nap and wake up when there isn't a bounty on my head . 
\Just shut up you whore and get in the van ! \ " quoted by none other than < PROPFEMALE > Oatman ! Gawd I just hope she was talking to me ! :) ROFL " 
is very sad right now . I just broke my favorite coffe cup . Damn :( 
is amazed how much my world has changed for the better in just one year ! It is definitely a special day for me . Even though there is still much to accomplish and some setbacks to navigate through , I am grateful to have this < PROPMALE > to live my life and to keep movin ' forward ! :) 
Your body feels soooo warm ! You're like a thermos ! .... I mean a furnace ! lmao 
is in a great mood ! It's Saturday , I am well rested , and it's gorgeous outside ! Spooning with my gf all morning doesn't hurt either ! :) Now we getting ready to go to Starbucks ! YAY !! I love Mocha Lates ! 
is sooo lucky I didn't fall off the < PROPFEMALE > picker at work . I wasn't wearing a belt , lost my footing , and I would have fallen about 15/20 feet ! It was real close to being an episode of Trauma in the ER . Scared the crap out of me ! WTF AM I RISKING MY LIFE FOR ?? A meager paycheck ? Need more $ for what I do ! I AM great at what I do , except that I almost died today !!! 
I love you , but I don't love your voice in the morning !! 
is so happy I'm gonna see my chihuahua , Homeslice tonight ! Yay ! 
is off to eat some Mexican food with < PROPFEMALE > Oatman , < PROPMALE > Wolf , and < PROPMALE > Sqela ! Go Burritos !! Nom , nom , nom , munch , munch , munch ..... :) ~ 
just got tickets to see Deadmau5 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 7-27-10 !!!!!!!!! Yeah !!!!!!!!!! 
is just waiting for < PROPFEMALE > to catch up with people who do not know how to treat people with the respcet that they deserve . Just because one is in a position of power , does not mean being condescending is a right that goes along with it . One can have power and be kind all at the same time . Ya get more positive results if you treat people like they're human . 
Wanna chill tonight but need a ride . So if anyone wants to < PROPFEMALE > out let me know . 
is more awesome than < PROPMALE > Wolf !!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL HAHAHAHAHAHA .......... 
Half < PROPFEMALE > tonight between 8 and 9 . Wanna go ? Just meet me up there . Cell it . :) 
A unicorn isn't a unicorn . It's a donkey with a plunger stuck to its head . 
What you do ? No one can decide . It's up to you . Who you are is what you choose . These times when the world falls apart make us who we are . 
is in a really GREAT MOOD !!! Hence , I ask this question .... How about you ? What's up ? How's things ? What's cookin' ? What's Shakin' ? What's happenin' ? What's GOIN ' DOWN !? .... :) ~ 
oooohhhh lllllaaaaaaa llllllaaaaaaa oooooooohhhhhh wwwweeeeeeeee !! * singing * :) ~ 
I am a LIZbian !! 
' Men Who Stare At Goats ' was THE MOST AWFUL movie I have EVER seen ! Hanging out with < PROPMALE > Sqela , and < PROPMALE > Wolf , was awesome though . You both were such gentlemen to me last night walking me to my door and all . Thanks guys . :) It was nice to meet their < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > too ! 
is sooo ready for the weekend ! TGIF !! Can't wait to see my baby graduate tomorrow ! Good times ahead ! Good times ! Very happy right now . :) 
Humbled and helpless , learnig to pray . Praying for visions to show me the way . Show me the way to forgive you and allow me to let it go . Allow me to be frogiven and show me the way to let go . 
is feeling the LOVE right now !! :) 
Jones Beach with my <3 < PROPFEMALE > today !! This makes me happy . :) 
We were at the beach for an hour when the clouds started rolling in and the wind started picking up . ALOT ! The wind took the beach ball away and we laughing our asses of trying to catch it ! We are now getting ready to see a movie tonight . Don't kow what yet . Hmmmm .... Any suggestions ? :) 
My neck , my back ...... yeah , just like dat ! :) ~ 
Any plans for tonite ? I'll be at happy hour at 4 so text it ! Before 4 fb it ! Wanna paint the town RED with my ppls ! :) 
had an awesome night with < PROPFEMALE > Oatman , < PROPFIRST > Ellington , < PROPMALE > Wolf , Kat ' Dragon ' Kehoe , < PROPMALE > Sqela , < PROPFIRST > Rye Ellington , < PROPFEMALE > Cusick and < PROPFIRST > Wright ! You guys are a blast ! When all of us get together , who knows what kind of funny shit will come out of people's mouths !! Definitely entertaining , that's fo sho ! * HUGS * all around ! 
just loves Sunday mornings with my babygirl ! It is the best feeling in the world when I open my eyes and the first thing I see is her smiling face . Especially when we get to stay in bed for as long as we want . :) Life is pretty damn good at the moment .... <3 <3 <3 <3 
is wondering how I am going to lose my muffin top by the end of June . Can a person live on just one apple a day and massive amounts of water for a week or two ?? I don't care . I am getting my six pack back by the end of this month no matter what the sacrafice !! 
is sick with a headcold . :( It is taking ALL of my energy away . I am laying low this week to be all better by Saturday . Hopefully . 
Buffalo Wings and Beer !! Thirsty Scholar !! TGIF !!! :) ~ 
Who's ever got pics from the party put ' em up !! Wanna see !! 
Ya never know how far this rabbit hole goes . My halo is being held up by my horns .... 
1 . Let the bodies hit the floor ! 2 . Let the bodies hit the floor ! 3 . Let the bodies hit the floor ! 4 . Let the bodies hit the floor ! 1 . Somethin's gotta give ! 2 . Somethin's gotta give ! 3 . Somethin's gotta give ! RRRRROOOOOOAAAAAARRRRRR !!!! 
Hudson St. between Abingdon Sq . & West 114th St. - Sunday , June 27th , 2010 from 11:00 AM - 7:00 PM . PrideFest 2010 ppls !! This is where I will be . Where will YOU be ? 
Bitches git nothin'!! ... or so I've been told ... I just love you and all your ways < PROPFEMALE > !! :) ~ 
Going to Pridefest today in NYC !! Happy Pride everyone !! Holla !! 
Since one year ago today , my beautiful girlfriend has brought love , warmth , and adventure into my life . What a special day this is .... :) 
just got home from a long hot day at work . It's over 100 degrees in that warehouse ! Driving a hi-lo while having to cope with heat exhaustion really isn't easy . I am glad to be home but only ' til tomorrow . Then I get to do it all over again :/ Wanna go swimming . Yeah , that would make me feel better .... Or maybe some ice cream . Chocolate . :) ~ 
< PROPFEMALE > and I are sssssssssssssssssssssssooooooooooooooooo bored . Plans anyone ?? 
is feelin ' rested and going to work 9 - 3 . I have pretty much slept the last two days ( besides having to go to work yesterday ) and I am glad I did . I feel like myself again . YAY !! Today is going to be a good day .... :) ~ 
Caramel is the new Chocolate ! Deluxe Whirlpool during the Summer Sizzle !! Yeah , baby , yeah !! 
Pillow wars with my evil demon woman last night and lost .... SOOOO TIRED !!! 
What a great year this has been being with my most favorite girl ! I cannot wait to celebrate but I have to go to work first . When I get home though it's on !! Hollywood Motel , here we come !! DO NOT DISTURB !! LOL :) <3 7/27/09 <3 
Good morning all ! Hope the weekend was good for everyone ! Going to work from 9-430 as usual . Hope it's not too hot in the warehouse today . Hahaha ..... who am I kidding ?? Anyway , leave some love . Catch y'all on the flip side !! :) ~ 
Feeling blue . Meh ....... :( It's all just getting me down . :( Hope for some strength and kind people to surround me ......... Sigh . 
Bored . Wanna do something .... anything . Get at me if ya wanna chill . If not I'll be seeing my imaginary friends through a big cloud .... :) 
Haven't heard boo from anyone lately . What , I got the cooties ? Don't like me anymore ? That's okay . I realize people come and go . Some faster than others .... Can't make ' em all happy . Gotta take care of me now . No more Ms. nice guy . If you are reading this and you are loyal , no worries . And if I am unhappy with you well .... you'll know . It was fun while it lasted . Peace . 
May have found new living quarters .... we'll see . I'm actually excited about this one . :) Third time is a charm , I guess . Lucky 3 ! Soon life will start to resemble normalcy . It's not FL , but for NOW and only now this is acceptable . 
New day , new possibilities .... :) Except for eating the most horrible pizza ever last night and feeling icky in my tummy , I am in pretty good spirits . Yeah I know , I'm a dork . Whatever ... :) Plans for tonight ?? Get at me !! 
My girl and her mom are on their way to Arkansas . Looks like it's just me and the cat for the next few days . What to do , what to do ? 
is in a big cloud ...... :) 
Well it's about time SOMETHING happened in my favor ... Went to BK today for lunch . I ordered 2 double cheeseburgers , a small fry , and a medium coke . It all came to $5.75 . I gave her $10.75 . She hands me $6 back AND when I checked my bag this is what was inside ... 2 double cheeseburgers FOUR ( 4 ) small fries and a LARGE coke . All for FOUR BUCKS !! YAY !! :) ~ Can't eat it all at once but now I have dinner for today too !! 
I am off of work tomorrow and lookin ' to bug the f@$k out !! It's been a long few days ... ( sigh ) If anyone wants to do somethin ' , get at me wit some plans . :) ~ I'm feelin ' wild and crazy !! I know it's Wednesday , but usually there seems to be somethin ' goin ' on during the week when I need to go to bed at a reasonable hour . For once I am free to do whatever ' til whenever ... :) 
is ECSTATIC !!!!! Got a REALLY GOOD job offer today !!!!! Scheduling an interview for Monday , baby !!!!! Hope I get it , hope I get it !!!!! This is so cool !!!!! Can you tell I'm a lil excited ??? Yes ??? Well , your damn correct !!!! Yeah baby , yeah !!!!! :) :) :) :) 
Moving day ! Lots to do ! Drinking some Folgers Coffee with French Vanilla .... aaaaahhhhhhhh . :) Is it supposed to rain today ?? This could put a kink on things ..... Oh well I will hope for the best in that it doesn't rain . 
Comin ' to ya LIVE from our new place ! YAY ! It's great ! Unpacking and settling in . Things are coming together really well I must say .... :) 
Got the job , got the job ggggggggggggooooooooooooottttttttttttt ttttttttttttthhhhhhhhhheeeeeeee jjjjjjjjjjooooooooooobbbbbbbbbbbbb !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :) LOL 
is thinking happy thoughts ... I feel so blessed . :) I am grateful and at peace . Better still , I am glad I have good people in my life to share it all with . Thanks to my friends and family for your much needed presence in my life . Couldn't have done all this without you . <3 
This will be the second time I have had something to say about Burger < PROPMALE > . ( Read my older posts . Don't fret . You'll find it .... ) Specifically the one on Patchouge-Holbrook Rd . How the F@*k are you gonna RUN OUT OF SALT !!!!!!!!! ' Nuff said ! :) 
Up at 5am Mon - Fri . UGH .... Time to bring home the bacon . :) 
It feels so good to sleep past noon ! Haven't done that in too long ! Drinking Folgers Coffee with chocolate/caramel creamer . MMMM ..... GOOD ! Love Sunday mornings ! 
YAY !!! I have internet again !!! Missed u FB !! :) ~ 
is feeling the pressure ..... Life moves so damn fast and it's quite the circus act just to keep up . Hope I can do this .... 
It's party time .... :) 
My kitchen window , living room outlet , and toilet are ALL FIXED thanks to my good < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > Sqela !! <3 I love you man !! <3 Thanks for all your help !! I can now live in my apt . like a human being . :) 
ME - Is that a monster in ur pocket or are u just happy to sse me ? < PROPMALE > - BOTH !!! I just thought this was one of the funniest things < PROPMALE > has ever said iin my presence !! LOL <3 U < PROPMALE > Sqela :) 
Goin ' out with my sweet < PROPFEMALE > girl tonight !! < PROPFEMALE > Oatman , you are SO HOT !! This is gonna be devilishly fun !! :) ~ MUAHAHAHAHAHA ......!!!! Happy Halloween !! 
Aaaahhhh ...... Folgers Coffee with milk , sugar , whipped cream and Hershey's Chocolate drizzle on top . Now THIS is the life !! Couldn't be happier . :) 
Myself and my lady are FREE TONIGHT !! Anyone wanna do something ?? We can be ready to go by 10 pm . What mischief can we get into ?? Get at me and let me know !! 
< PROPFEMALE > says that she's sorry for making y'all crazy this morning , < PROPFIRST > Paniagua , < PROPMALE > Sqela , and < PROPMALE > Wolf . She wanted y'all to know that she found her coat . I guess these things happen from time to time . 
I'm sooo GANGSTA , it hurts !! LOL It's okay . Really . You can laugh at me . I am .... :P 
Got the new < PROPFEMALE > bed this morning ..... I <3 <3 <3 it !! :) Now , I'm having a blast with my Ladybug , gettin ' ready to go to Buffalo Wild Wings ! This is gonna be a blast ! Can't wait ! 
Thanks for all the happy birthday wishes u guys ..... :) It really was a good one !! Now , it's back to reality . Meaning , I have have to do ALL the chores that I put off doing on the weekend . Fun . It's all good though . I have the time to get it done ( just not the will . LOL ) It has all been very much worth it !! Good times !! I gotta go clean stuff . 
¡¡Mujeres Son Las Que Mandan !! Just so ya know !! :) ~ 
Painkillers ...................................................................... 
I love my job ! I love my apartment ( for the most part) ! I love my girlfriend ! I love tbe tuna melt she just made me ! I DON'T love the cramps though ...... :( 
Drank too much coffee and I am really excited about going to the city tonight with my babelicious sweetheart , < PROPFEMALE > for some dinner and dancing !! Double dds baby !! Yeah !! LOL ( I know I'm retarded ... ) See you later < PROPFIRST > Ontibero !! :) ~ 
Another GLORIOUS Sunday morning ....... :) 
Hot Tub Tonite !! ' Nuff said !! 
In retrospect . Would I be here now , free if I didn't go through what I did ? If it didn't all come to a head at the time that it did ? I would still be lost . And the love I have in my life now would not have been experienced . It's funny . I couldn't imagine how my life could have been so different than what it was at that point . Well , it's different now . I am strong . And I choose to be free through the show of strength . 
Lookin ' for New Year's < PROPFEMALE > Plans ... Who's doing what ?? And maybe < PROPFEMALE > and I could tag along ...? :) <3 
Happy New Year and to all , a very good night !! :) ~ Peace . Love . Score !! ( I know I will ... ) LOL 
We're off to Mom's house for the night . Get to see my boy Homeslice !! He's my heart . :) And of course the rest of the gang . :) It'll be nice to see my mom too . TGIF from work tho . It's been a long week . YAY its the weekend !! 
I'm really running out of < PROPFEMALE > to be dealing with this .... 
Spent half the day in the hospital then back to work . Chemical burn in my one working eye . Lovely . Feeling like shit . Thanks again universe . Really need this one ... 
Sick . We haven't moved from our bed since Friday . :( 
Back to the land of the living today . Gettin ' ready for work . Hopefully the transition into the world is an easy one . Have a good day FB !! Show some <3 and I might just <3 u back . :) 
My ass is taking up all my pocket room .... damn it !! LOL Guess I am not bringing my phone with me tonight . I will be at ' 2 Soon ' & ' TDR ' Present : Something ! in Ronkonkama with < PROPFIRST > Paniagua , < PROPMALE > Sqela , and my honybun , < PROPFEMALE > Askme having an epic night . :) 
Too many princesses and not enough silver slippers ...... 
I love my new computer !! Just wanted to shout out < PROPMALE > Sqela and say thanks to him for helping me set it up . Damn this thing is fast ! Such a great x-mas present from my brother , < PROPFIRST > Owens . Thanks < PROPFIRST > !! :) 
If anyone is down , < PROPFEMALE > and I are having a chillfest at our apartment tonight . Come on over . Fun starts at 9 . Will be watching Inception at some point of the night , listening to music , and doing whatever else comes to mind . :) Open to suggestions for entertainment ... behave ppl !! 
One year of FB today ... :) 
My spirits are lifted and I feel renewed . I am grateful for the happiness and enjoyable moments in my life . :) I am lucky to have people that bring warmth to my heart every day . Much love . Much love . It's all good ..... :) 
I am going to < PROPFEMALE > with my mom today to see family that I haven't seen in years . Be back tomorrow . :) 
Anything going on tonight ?? Need plans and oh ... I'm flying solo . Now this should be interesting ... and hopefully fun . :) 
Feeling out of place and have a severe case of the f*ck its . \ I trIed so hard and got so far but in the end it doesn't even matter . \"" 
How is it that I go shopping for clothes and come home with only a pair of shorts and a shirt ?? I'm so picky or the stores just have shit on there racks . Idk ... I really need more clothes tho . Miss < PROPFEMALE > did quite well tho buying a weeks worth of clothes so I guess it wasn't a total loss . The shorts I got rock tho and I found out that I dropped two sizes in my waist . Happiness . :) 
