Waking up 3 hours late for school is cool :( 

Finished creative writing with 2 hours left :D 
Does today seem really long to anyone else ? 
We left all our backpacks in the back of lukes truck in the rain . Fml 
A little rainy . Practice was great . Just what i needed :) 
7 hours until weekend :D 
Weekend is getting closer :D 
Tonights going to be greatttt 
I want the summer here 
can't wait for june 10th ! 
Couldnt be happier 
Spending the whole day with my girl :) 
Tonights going to be another great one :D 
Hate when you know shits going to hit the fan before it happens 
Going to be a sick week :) 
It's really fucked up how some people treat little kids these days .. 
Going to be a longgg day . 
Sleeeeep . 
Waking up . Knowing you don't have to go to school . Best feeling ever . 
Watching avatar with the family tonight 
Red Hot and Boom . :) 
I hate < PROPMALE > Lesnar . 
Blowing up stuff tonight . :D 
what's there to do today ? 
Waking up early sucks . 
Bored 
Visiting the hospital today . 
Long day today .. 
Gym . Hospital . Then who knows ? 
Great day :D 
Senior pics then job interview :) 
Saturday morning tv just isn't what it used to be . Lol 
When did falling asleep start getting so hard . 
plans didn't work . what to dooo 
Going fishing soon :D 
Ren n stimpy . Yess . :D 
Does anyone know when we start school again ? 
Grown ups is great . Gym later , volunteer work , then maybe going fishing tonight . :D 
Whats there to do today ? 
Beach with the group to get tan ! :) 
gym . 
Cleaning is so boring . 
You just love turning the day around . 
Sleep ! 
Gauging my ears :D 
Going mudding later . 
Babysitting -_- 
I swear when kids get markers a sign points at me saying \draw here \"" 
haha i haven't been grounded in years . watching tv . text me 
Great whites are beast 
If anyone gets bored , there's a meteor shower after 2 tonight 
Hanging out with < PROPFEMALE > 
going to see bri with < PROPFIRST > (: 
Waking up early again isn't going to be fun . 
Time to buy school clothes and cut off my hair :D 
Last day of summer tomorrow . Make it count ! 
:D < PROPFIRST>'s run ! < PROPFEMALE > tired ... 
4 alarm clocks and my phone set . Hope this works ! 
Tomorrow is like the first day of school again . 
These classes are so damn long . 
Is tomorrow like a normal school day ? 
A7x is here in a month . :D Who's going ? 
5 schedule changes in 2 days . Awesome !... 
Blue day > silver day 
So much lightning 
Freshmen friday >:D 
Today is just great :) 
Putting up a new gate . Ugh . Got a new boat :D 
Back to the grind . 
today is wayyyy slow 
NEXT FRIDAY . UCF ARENA . SO READY :D 
Anyone want to chill tonight ? Text me 
playing n64 :p 
New phone :D lost most of my < PROPFIRST > . Text me so i get them back 4074860323 
Why do people go out of their way to annoy you -.- 
Open house was alright . Girlfriend's house :) 
Frustrated 
:o 
gummy bears are great . XD 
Amazing girlfriend . Amazing day . Life is good :D 
I'm sick of paint . -.- 
Waking up at 6 tomorrow . Beach house all weekend 
Anyone know the homework mr. Wolter gave us today ? 
Thanks for all the happy bdays :P 
Lame 
RIP < PROPFIRST > Seitz . You were a damn good friend and changed all of us . 
Fire rescue class for 5 hours x.x 
Come to sonnys tonight by redbug to eat from 5-8 and support the lake howell wrestling team . Thanksss :D 
Chorus concert at lake howell 
Willow (: 
Can finally start going to practice tomorrow (: gonna be a good season 
So not tired 
Nananananana 
People are way too lazy . 
