Hi ! :] 

Just keep swimming just keep swimming - < PROPFEMALE > 
Tiesto - Knock You Out [ Turn the bass up .... WAAAAAAY UP ! ] check out his new album kaleidoscope ! 
- Four Four Five - 
sitting , waiting , wishing . 
Just made myself some ramyun . Taking large strides to becoming a self sufficient man . OH YA ! 
There is a dancing gopher in my back yard . Dance chingoo Dance ! 
this great man once told me to give , then forget that i have given , then continue to give some more without ceasing and that everything after that would be perfect . 
2012 . MAD GOOD ! 
I liked Twilight and I'm looking forward to watch the second movie . YES I SAID IT ! 
koco is gonna cut my hair off when he comes to visit ! yay ! 
oh shoot ... its snowing ! 
Pay it forward ! <-- right Mitshi !? 
The moral question of whether you are lying or not is not settled by establishing the truth or falsity of what you say . In order to settle this question , we must know whether you intend your statement to mislead . 
CHANGE YOUR PROFILE PICTURE INTO YOUR FAVORITE POKEMON ! 
< PROPMALE > Klein|Euphoria - I smell MAD good ~ 
We cancelled GO for THIS ?! My Saturday feels soooo long without it ! Oh poor me ... :[ 
So I was chillin ' in a reclined position waiting for my dentist as he finished prepping . His ass was by my head . He farted . I was so shocked that I pretended it didn't happen . He farted again . I was speechless . I walked out of the office and walked around the corner when melting snow dripped off the roof and hit my head . It was bird poop . Good thing I was wearing a hat though ... Assholes ... 
Does anyone have the game Final Fantasy 9 ? Can I borrow it ? 
This is going to be a wonder filled year . :] Start the year 2010 off right by having a < PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! 
The year is about to end and a new year will soon begin . Good bye 2009 and hello 2010 . Aw I miss 2009 :\\ 
It's 2011 woo . I'm so happy that I got to eat rice today . 
Nilla wafers . 
I found raisins in the house ! Oh happy day ~ 
Does anyone play Monster < PROPMALE > Unite ? Will you be my friend and play with me ? 
Ballroom dancing is so much fun ! The samba is a bit weird but its actually pretty fun in an intense way . 
Oh shut up , I know you love sitting naked in your room after a nice shower too . Ya you ! 
I don't have any running water :[ Does anyone else have the same problem ? Hey , at least I have internet ! 
Yay I have water ! Oh how wonderful it felt to take a hot shower ~ 
The fairytale that YOU don't know about . 
Do you have a dog that bites his own nails to keep them short ? I DO ! Sometimes he pulls so hard that he farts . 
Good luck everyone at the BCSF and don't try to lose so bad ... to you know ... Jersey . 
So I've been called many things , but seriously the word that affected me the most was being called an ah juh shi . Hello ? Do I look like one ?! And the worst part was that the lady calling me an ah juh shi was probably twice my age . 
Good , its back to being < PROPFEMALE > . Oh , I can't wait until it gets a little warmer so I can take naps outside ! 
Ya , we should communicate more on FB . Well the longer the wait , the greater the satisfaction ! Sunday , here we come ! Weekdays I are no good for me :\\ I work at night so doing things in the evening is not the best idea for me :( Is there anything happening on Friday ? 
Oh boy , a response to a wall post through a FB notice . < PROPFIRST > you are one special guy ! I just announced it to the entire FB community ! 
When blowing your nose gets annoying , just stick a pair of tissues up your nose ! All the cool kids are doin ' it . 
I just had bul go gi and I couldn't taste anything . I really don't like it when my face is all congested due to a cold . 
Thanks again everyone . :] 
After service one Sunday I want to go karaoke ! Anyone wanna come ? Possibly next Sunday ? 
I hope you guys know that it's 90 degrees out . Why am I not at the beach ? 
So I had dirt inbetween my crack and when I blew my nose and checked out the harvest I found a lovely heart shaped boogie . Wonderful . :) 
There have been way too many Sundays lately without Lovin ' Life live and it feels like my soul has been deprived of food for way too long and is now emaciated . 
Oh boy oh boy ! Yay ! 
High five to God ! What a team player . 
Nyao ~ 
You know the ear < PROPMALE > headphones with the rubber tips that blocks out outside noise ? I love them ! I really don't like it when the rubber tip falls off and you can't find it because the < PROPMALE > s become useless . I can't believe I lost both < PROPMALE > s at the same time ! 
I watched a bird poop on my house . 
Everyone should fall in love with Kaskade and Late Night Alumni . YouTube them ! 
Inside the dryer lives a ferocious fabric eating monster . In order to keep this monster from eating everything made of fabric that comes into it's way , a sock is chosen to become an offering . I'm going to start strapping explosives to my socks . 
I really don't like it when my nipples get hard . Why is it so cold today ? 
Facebook you almost did a good job . Just a little more and we will have a dislike button ! 
Facebook you almost did a good job . Just a little more and we will have a dislike button ! Edit : Eh .. Nm ... I dono where that button went . I swear it was there ... 
There is something rumbling in my tummy . 
Birds are capable of performing advanced aerial maneuvers that allow them to fling poo onto the side of your house . My house is a victim . 
Lol I just drooled 
In my opinion , I believe this weather is perfect for a high speed police < PROPMALE > . I'm the one being < PROPMALE > d . \Tag ! You're It ! \"" 
The sun is still up and < PROPMALE > is tired . < PROPMALE > is going to sleep . < PROPMALE > will jump out of bed when most people are jumping into bed . < PROPMALE > can't wait until this Friday when this terrible sleep cycle ends . 
< PROPMALE > Spa sometime next week anyone ? 
I just made scrambled eggs for the first time ! Oh boy did it taste good ! And then I tried to fry several wieners . That didn't go too well . It started to burn . So I just threw it into the microwave . Because I'm such a highspeed chef , I decided to make some salmon teriyaki ! I got as far as getting the salmon on the fry pan . I realized that I didn't know how to make something teriyaki . Oh well , soy sauce is good enough . 
Halitophobia . 
If you haven't listened to Armin's A State of Trance 2010 go do it now . My ears are experiencing a new level of ecstasy ! 
I love love love you ! Yay ! 
Birthday suit . 
< PROPMALE > Sparks has nothing on me . 
Tell me why I sweat after taking a cold shower . Cold ! 
I like to fart in front of pretty girls :P I LOVE to call people while I poop and my favorite pas t-t ime is Farting :] 
October 14 . Just a few more weeks . 
I'm back ~ 
I'm on facebook via laptop , Droid and iTouch . Yay ! And the dork is proud of himself . 
Munching on a 5lb bar or Hershey's chocolate ! Allllll by myself ! 
So , lately I've been throwing an assortment of food in a tortilla wrap and calling it a burrito . Yum . 
Im bored so I opened up google maps on my handy dandy super phone to locate myself . To my surprise , the satellites have located me ... in Iceland . So much for only being off by a few hundred meters . 
Fantasy Fest at the Keys where the majority of the population is ... gay . 
Men in thongs ! My eyes ! 
:) 
Kid shows are better than adult shows . Go disney and < PROPMALE > ! 
So far the walking dead is good ! Catch it on amc ! 
I want a sea otter ! 
So there I was in a bathroom here in south < PROPFEMALE > . A man at a urinal turns around and his reaction to the sight of me was O.O gasp ! 
Yay I have successfully gotten fatter on my trip ! Hooray for love handles ~ 
Sometimes my stomach makes cute sounds when it is hungry . 
I feel like I should be flying a kite outside right now . 
So < PROPMALE > I just started watching < PROPMALE > and I like it . 
Strawberry ice cream is so yummy ! 
So I'm watching this movie called Rampage and all I can say is wtf . 
No matter how many times you watch Gundam , ITS SO FRIGGIN GOOD ! 
Chocolate is a boy's best friend . Or at least mine . 
does anyone play monster < PROPMALE > unite on psp and want to play with me :( 
Take this day to not just think about what you are grateful for but also act on it . Show the one you love by giving them a hug or sing them a song . Do what makes them happy . Happy Thanksgiving World :) 
Does anyone have a Wii that I can borrow for a bit ? 
I'm about to eat green tea pork cutlets . Wish me luck . 
Communitychannel is one of the most entertaining person to watch on youtube . 
Newest band on the playlist : Mayday Parade 
Hanamizuki 
Just finished watching < PROPFEMALE > Yori Dango Final the movie . It was .... pleasantly cute . :) Almost 3 hours long but well worth it . 
It's pokemon month . Uhhuh :) 
I don't understand why the world doesn't love trance . 
I just learned that the phrase \rule of thumb\ " is derived from an old English law which prohibited husbands from beating their wives with anything wider than their thumb . O.o " 
It seems that people are already bored of the number game . 
It's 4 am and I'm listening to 4am by kaskade ! good song check it out ! 
does anyone play lil pirates on their itouch/iphone ? 
SO MANY fun games are coming out ! Ahh I wanna be a geek again . < PROPFEMALE > vs Capcom 3 ! Tekken Tag 2 ! TEKKEN VS STREET FIGHTER ?! @# ! @# ! @# ! % ! % Ace Combat Assault Horizon !! How wonderful it feels to be a geek ! I'm only a part time geek though . 
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO apoiehfoiajoigjaewoiawie rjoiaewf Damn you < PROPFIRST > Zukerberg ! I didn't want to comply with your new fb profile layout .... super sad face .. 
Sometimes I walk into a room that has the lights on and then turn it off with the intention of turning on the lights . 
I just realized that there are 6 cars and owners in my house . I almost feel really < PROPMALE > . Or at least we present the image of being very wealthy to our neighbors . Nice . 
hebdomad . wtheck ?! 
What makes me feel like a badass ? My little brother doesn't really like it too much when I use his xbox while he is in his room . So what do I do ? When he leaves the house I sneak into his room and play . :) They've trained me well at the school for U.S. Cavalry . 
There is something very exciting about standing naked in your room .... with the blinds open . 
Cars 2 :) 
cars 2 and pirates 4 ! 
Cars 2 Pirates 4 Transformers 3 ! 2011 is going to be great ! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas World ! Tron was great ! Watch it . 
Soldiers are the shit . Hooah . 
I think it snowed last night . 
In Search of Sunrise 8 : South Africa . Go Pirate it . Too bad Tiesto isn't mixing ISOS anymore . Give it up for < PROPFIRST > Durand for doing a fantastic job representing ISOS ! 
Looking out my window , the serene view sparked my creative side and I decided to write a poem . I dedicate this to you world . \ 
\ 
\Snow fall from tree . \ " \ 
< PROPFEMALE > is truly the land of the free . In no other country can I imagine a person eating a mexican burrito , japanese chickent cutlets and tuna marinated in some delicious sweet asian sauce . 
My favorite kissing scene takes place in Pirates of the Caribbean 3 when Cpt . Barbosa weds Will and < PROPFEMALE > . 
