Traffic school is the most annoying thing ever . Especially now that the online schools must send you the results and not the DMV . Lesson learned take traffic school immediately not 3 days before due , otherwise you get to pay a butt load to have it overni 

San < PROPMALE > , the best cure for the Vegas hangovers ... 
I am in Australia .. Oh my freaking lord . It is A-mazing . love love love ... 
Please let it be known that I am going to be working in Australia officially ! I've got the Visa , the job , now I just need a freaking apartment .. Two down one to go ! 
One team , one dream , Melbourne Cup 2009 
Some nights are surreal , like tonight when I < PROPMALE > with the crew from < PROPMALE > Harper .. You know just an average night in < PROPFIRST > . What great people .. 
I am pretty excited to have a warm Christmas on the beach , surfing instead of skiing . Although , why is it that I am gone in Oz for one of the best winters in California in years .. how did this happen , this is as bad as the currency exchange . But , I will still be surfing on Christmas , without a wetsuit I might add .. 
Thinking about California and the cold and not missing it . lol suckas !!!! 
No Dad , no Dad , NO DAD THE KIWI'S DRIVE ON THE LEFT !!!!! Woohoo to making it to the hotel alive in NZ with Mom and Dad , but I think ill continue with the driving from now on . 
Big fat gorilla cock 
I'm going going back back to cali cali .. ! 
On my way to sonoma for g phi reunion so excited :o ) if anyone is up give me a shout so we can catch up ! 
Why , why , why does my mother want the hardest breakfast to make for Mothers day ? Why ??? 
Vegas trip anyone ? 
I just booked a flight to New York to see my beautiful < PROPFEMALE > !!! Oh my gosh I cant believe it ! 
Thank you everyone for all of the birthday wishes , I love you all and hope to see you all soon xxoo .. 
I like it on the kitchen table 
What goes down , must come up and oh man am I loving the up :D 
Ive seen more sun rises in the last 2 weeks than in the last 2 years . As far as I can tell thats the only benefit from waking up so damn early . 
You know you live in a hick town when you can look out your office window and see people on horse back . Yes it just happened , oh my . 
Why in the world did I ever think that I should give up coffee , I lasted a whole week . Good break . Back on the wagon and happy to be here . 
Wow Mammoth wow , so fabulous . Thanks UCSB ski team for letting me tag along on your awesome adventures ! 
