close out the world just for a moment 

wonders why adults choose to act like such children at times ... =\\ 
nothing changes if nothing changes 
there are two sides to every coin 
I love Halloween ! 
misses the days when winter break ( and summer break ) meant doing nothing but lounging and hanging with friends . damn you , work , damn you !! 
Oh , < PROPFEMALE > .... how did you do it ?? 
is grateful the weekend is here 
< wah wah wahhh > 
midterms + work = headache and exhaustion ... i think a vacation is in order soon . 
Isn't this supposed to be spring break ? /yawn 
May I walk in beauty ... 
sicky =( 
Good news is good :) 
Good news + finding out I'm seeing Steenie Weenie 2 days earlier than expected + remembering Good Friday is a half day = Happiness 
You know those dreams where you're running as hard and fast as you can , but you aren't getting anywhere ? That's how I feel ... someone told me the way to change that is to stop running and just start walking , then you'll start moving forward . slooowww down 
JFT 
is missing her short hair ... thinking it's time to chop it off again 
feels the need to do something spontaneous , rebellious and memorable . And definitely needs to laugh a whole lot while doing it . 
Six Flags ? oh yeah . 
sometimes you do all the right things at all the right times =) 
Thanks for all the b-day wishes =) 
aaaarrrrrggghhhhhhh !! I will try to live through this day only , and not tackle my whole life problem at once . I can do something for twelve hours that would appall me if I felt that I had to keep it up for a lifetime . 
Happy Earth Day ! 
bah ... waking up late is never a good thing 
serenity now ! 
crack is whack . 
school's over and summer's here ... that's enough to keep me smiling for a while 
is missing the innocence and fun of the past . 
can lead a horse to water , but can't make it drink . Damn stubborn horse .... 
Am I the only one who is STILL not used to the ridiculous weather patterns in NWI even though I've lived here my whole life ? Where the hell is summertime ?! 
what a small , small world it is 
Time for a new hairstyle .... lookin for any suggestions or volunteers to cut my hair 
sometimes i miss the things that are bad for me 
Music , the Zoo & Six Flags ... soooo glad it's Friday 
woohoo ! long weekend coming up 
misses Audelise !! 
Goodbye long hair !! 
\In nature there are neither rewards nor\ 
Thank you , < PROPFEMALE > Mikesell Kobza for taking a < PROPMALE > and cutting my hair this weekend --- it turned out great !! 
/yawn 
feelin ' groovy =) 
LOL sometimes all you can do is laugh at how utterly blind people can be . 
Just had a flashback of Livejournal ... crazy how intimate/dramatic/personal it was ... and how much time I used to spend learning the html codes to make my journal \cool and original \"" 
crazycrazycrazycrazy ! 
Ace of Hearts to < PROPFIRST > of Spades to < PROPFEMALE > of Hearts to Ace of Clubs . Very grateful . 
Hey , Ciaran Epley , < PROPFEMALE > Sievers Shearer , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > Heckman , < PROPFEMALE > C . Heckman , < PROPFEMALE > Sievers - are we going to see Eclipse over 4th of July weekend or what ?! 
Wear Sunscreen . Don’t worry about the future ; or worry , but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubblegum . 
VALPO YARD & PLANT SALE - Saturday 6/19 ( tomorrow ! ) - 409 < PROPMALE > St. Near Downtown . Come and stop by =) 
Miscommunication at it's best .... or worst ... either way ... it's a headache >.< 
oh so glad it's almost 5 . painful , painful Monday ! And KUDOS to all of you who work in customer service ! some people , yeesh ... 
anxiety ... 
aaand .... defeat . 
No one can be the only source of our happiness or sorrow . The gift of life is personally yours to enjoy or destroy , as each of us wishes . 
Flashback- Theory of Knowledge I & II with Mr. Hurdle . Best . Classes . Ever . 
9 days off of work . 9 days away from life's usual responsibilities . 9 days with a lovely family . woooooo I haven't had 9 days off since ... since .... since I don't even remember ! goodbye Valpo ! 
back home ... and it's monday ... < PROPFEMALE > . Had a WONDERFUL week off - family , sun , fireworks !, rollercoasters , puppies , the runt :D , driving , music , food , horseshoes , skeeter bites , softball , late nights , card games , drinking , talking , painting nails , doing hair , lotro , new friends ... whew . Sooo , when do I get another vacation ? =p 
oookay gotta stop slacking ... I think I should probably fill out my FAFSA for this semester , right ? I'm only , ohhh 4 months late =\\ 
Upgrading to a smartphone - never had one before . Any suggestions on which to get ? 
blah . 
get back to serenity 
wants to travel 
ugh ... when will enough be enough ? 
back to school tonight ... g'bye social life . g'bye sleep . g'bye summer . 
I get my new glasses today and I will be able to see again ! whoopwhoop ! 
needs another tattoo .... or 3 ... 
gets a lliiiiiiittle too angry sometimes . let it go , let it go 
you are only coming through in waves , your lips move , but i can't hear what you're saying ... 
if you wait too long for the perfect moment , the perfect moment will pass you by 
The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves , and not to twist them to fit our own image . Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them . 
Got a new smart phone woo woot !! 
boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy . I'm definitely in need of a vacation ! 
sometimes all you can do it let the music < PROPFEMALE > you through 
ordered the book , signed for it , paid for it ... now that it's in I need to show my ID in order to get it and no one can pick it up FOR me ? Have to drive for 45 minutes directly after work @ 5 in order to make it to my class back in Valpo by 6 . PNC bookstore , you suck . 
I hate when people at work take their anger and frustration out on me when they're stressed ... I wish they knew that being an asshole because of some cutoff that's coming up won't do anything but make both of our days worse . Workplace manners 101 anyone ? 
In the mood for a night of dim lights , red wine and Sigur Ros 
ahh , good dreams are ... good :) 
It requires less character to discover the faults of others than is does to tolerate them . \ 
- J . Petit Senn 
Research paper-any thoughts on the death penalty ? 
How many times does someone need to burn themselves before you stop being sympathetic ? 
Gorillaz 
when it rains , it pours . and today sucks . a lot . oh yin < PROPFEMALE > , sometimes I despise your dark side . 
has a taste for mexican food . 
wants to go to \PostSecret Live\ " at the College of DuPage on 10/5 " 
Fail 
Every waking moment is another < PROPMALE > to turn it all around . 
I like it on my chair 
I'm a nerd . yup . and since HoT , I miss my dr00d . lots ! 
Focus seems so far away today . Is it Thanksgiving yet , pls ? 
En route to see the Sievers , Shearers and Heplys ! Woowoo happy thanksgiving ! 
Zzzz 6 hours into driving ... 3 more to go . Time for some coffee and a midnight snack 
yes , I have been completely unproductive today . 
' It turns out wanting something doesn't make it real ' 
It's amazing how much drama a few adult women can create . feel as if i'm back in high school again 
Not sure whether to scream , cry or laugh right now . this moment too shall pass . 
Finals ... you're giving me ulcers 
crash and burn , crash and burn 
All of us could take a lesson from the weather . It pays no attention to criticism . 
Wait , they don't love you like I love you . 
I hate indiana drivers . 15 < PROPMALE > under the speed limit , seriously ? 
Religion is for people who are afraid they'll go to hell . Spirituality is for people who have been there . 
Hedgehog .... i want one 
My lungs are out of air , Yours are holding smoke , And it's been like that now for so long . \ 
I've seen people try to change , And I know it isn't easy , But nothin ' worth the time ever really is . \ 
And it's not too late , It's not too late for love . 
We cannot change our memories , but we can change their meaning and the power they have over us . 
Sooner or later , they just get too exhausted to care . 
lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies lies 
honestly , i must be dumb and/or blind , wtf have i been doing ? 
' We have no right to ask when sorrow comes , ' Why did this happen to me ? ' \ 
unless we ask the same question for every moment of happiness that comes our way . ' 
what a gigantic waste of time . 
