wishin i could get a nice bubbly pedicure .. but i spent too much $ this week . sadness . :,( 

gotta love manis & pedis !! feelin ' like a million bucks :) 
go rays !! 9-3 so far ! 
haha- make that 10-3 !! 
why is it when you're bored you just wanna spend money ? grrrr . 
IT IS FREAKING HAILING ICE CUBES OUTSIDE !! 
thinking about volunteering .. just gotta find the right cause ..... 
first day on the job ... SUCCESS !! :) yay ! 
i don't know why i feel the need to publicly admit this ( at least to ya'll ) but i just did a load of laundry and forgot to put the soap in .. ( dumbass ) .. i didn't even realize it until i was starting a 2nd load .. AFTER i put the 1st , non-soapy load in the 
chinese food leftovers- mmmmmmm :) 
a sweep , a shutout AND a 4 game winning streak ! GO RAYS !! 48-39 
if change is inevitable ... where's mine ? 
Post a comment with a memory of you and me . It can be anything you want . When you're finished , post this paragraph on your own status and you'll be surprised at what people remember about you !! This is fun and should be interesting :) 
meeting my chica < PROPFEMALE > for lunch :) then , workin on the internet biz- that's the only \J . O . B . \ " i actually enjoy doing anymore . " 
ok , nuff with the damn quizzes .. signing off ! nite ! 
wish it wasn't raaaiinniiiiinngg .... :p unless of course it was raining MONEY !! :D 
so if any ladies out there want to exercise at home and have brighthouse digital cable , check out channel 353 \Exercise TV\ " .. i did 3 \ " legs and buns\ " videos ( 30 < PROPFEMALE > workout ) and THEY WORK YOU OUT GOOD ! IT WAS BURNING ! and i'm sore 2day- haha . " 
bout to watch < PROPFEMALE>'s Best Dance Crew ! 2nite is the \beyonce challenge\ " .. should be interesting . " 
don't fight fire with fire . it really does no good what-so-ever . many times though , it's your impulse reaction and nothing else feels more fulfilling at the time . just don't let your words or actions burn too much . ( boy that sounds like a horoscope- haha ) enough jokes , i'm being serious . 
I AM SOOOOOOO EXCITED ABOUT MY B-DAY PARTY THIS WEEKEND !!! WE GON ' DO IT DIDDY STYLE ;) TONS OF PIX TO COME !!!! 
in ft . lauderdale bout to start gettin ready for my b-day party !!! yes , it's 6 and i won't be getting to the club til 11 but A GIRL CAN'T WAIT !! plus , i gotta make miracles w/ my hair . MIA HERE I COME !!! guess i'll have to skip the nap .. but i don't want to . hmm ... 
Thank you everyone for all the birthday wishes !!!! I'm having a really great time :) 
in the process of downloading pix from my cam and then posting on here .. but i drank some TheraFlu so i dunno how far i'll get . i have almost 200 pix . 
getting slllleeepppppyyyyy .... i'll have the pix up 2mor ... nite :) 
time for TheraFlu and the bed .. nite nite :) zzzzzzzzzz 
waiting for more birthday pix from everyone ... yeah , i'm impatient . :) 
is wishing for more excitement .. not drama , just excitement .. 
kayne's apology was not very believable to me ... too dramatic .. he paused like he was choked up but i didn't even hear it in his voice ... he couldn't even be a man and look up , u know how ppl look down when they lie ? still an asshole to me . take your time off kanye ... 
life is best enjoyed with company :) 
our daily monsoon came , right on time . be safe to all who has to drive in it ! 
goin to the Rays game tonight !! Boys , you BETTER win !! this is a b-day present from my mom :) 
Anyone out there a small business owner or know one personally ? 
i skipped dinner .. :( now i'm starving !!! gotta eat ( no , not checkers ) heh 
i missed going to the gym 2nite :,( 
after having my iPhonoe for almost a year , AT&T FINALLY got w/ the program and now allows me to send/receive PIX ( thru texts vs . email) !! so exciting , i feel like i got a whole new phone ! 
I HAVE TO WATCH THE ABDC FINALE ON A TV SCREEN THAT'S SMALLER THAN MY COMPUTER MONITOR !! AAAHHHH !!! this sucks . >_< 
it is SOOOO pretty outside !! probably because there's only 42% humidity vs . the normal 1000% . haha .. i love this time of year :) 
i need a hug 
made 2 websites last week .. they promote a product i sell for another business . they turned out nice ! ... check ' em out . :) http://www.butterfly--tattoos.net/ and http://www.tribal--tattoos.org/ 
i got such a pretty tan today !! yay- no burn !! 
my 16 year old cousin told me today that i look 22 , not 26 . what a sweet kid . 
It doesn't take me losing something to know what I have , which is why , by fault , I want to keep everything and everyone I care about close to me . :-/ 
Let's play the \I've learned ... \ " Game . I've learned that you shouldn't give all your love away ; you should keep a good amount of it for yourself . Now your turn . Complete the sentence & post . :) " 
buurrrrrrrr !!!!! it's chilly w/o the sun ! ( i am SUCH a florida girl- hahah ) 
You know , I've learned that however old or young you FEEL , is how old or young you'll look to others . 
got the hiccups ... they're starting to hurt ! who's thinkin bout me ? hehe- STOP already ! 
i hate it when i need attention ' n no one's giving it to me .. or having to occupy myself to get thru these solo times .. prolly the 2 crappiest parts abt growing up as an only child . grr . 
sweet tooth go away- don't make 2nite's crazy-hard yoga class be in vain ! 
time 4 the gym ..... 
itchin ' to go out 
the sky is absolutely breathtaking right now ! :) as i was < PROPFEMALE > gazing , i saw a shooting < PROPFEMALE > :) hope my wish comes true :) nite nite to those who are still up . zzzzzzz 
i wish i was doin somethin for halloween ... but it won't kill me if i don't . i don't even have a costume- haha . i can't even think of what i'd want to be ! oh well :) 
i dont like hostile environments- they disrupt my < PROPFIRST > 
man the gym was good- i think i'ma show off my legs this weekend ! hahah 
GOTTA GO TO BEEEEEDDDDDDDD !!!!!! nite nite 
i feel like a over-cooked NOODLE !!! ( went to a bootcamp class at the gym ) it was KILLER ! 
more is NOT always better . like for instance , too much teriyaki sauce in your stir fry :( uhhgggg 
is SO in the dancing mood right now- but when am i not ? lol !! 
time goes by too fast .. has anyone found a slo-mo button yet ? just a week ago i was visiting my bff , whom i already miss .. again . i seriously wish this world would slow down before it spins outta control . 
ohh how i wish ..... * daydreaming * 
i can't believe that after working 4 WEDDINGS this weekend , i actually watched 27 Dresses tonight ( well , the last hour ) . cute movie too - and i'm SO not a chick-flick kinda girl . 
i ordered new glasses today !! such a different look from my current ones . so excited to get ' em next week !! 
MY NEW GLASSES CAME TODAY ! THAT WAS QUICK !! 
getting sleepy .. nite nite .. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
going to the gym ... but my awesome spaghetti dinner made me full ' n sleepy ! :( oh well , gotta go anyway . 
is wishing the < PROPFEMALE > fashion show @ < PROPMALE>'s was more like $10 .. then i'd be there in a heartbeat . 
what a loooonnnggg day ... 
i am just BOUNCING OFF THE WALLS right now cuz i'm making money without having a \JOB\ " !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i * should * be sleeping cuz i have a busy and early day 2mor ( later 2day ) but i'm just SSSOOOOOOOO EXCITED !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AAHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! go me :) i'm SO blessed !!!!!!!!! " 
Hershey Kiss Mint Truffles are the BOOOOMMMBBB !!!!! mm mm MMM ! 
is upset her purse got stolen today ... :-/ but the f*cker didn't get my phone ( THANK YOU JESUS ! ) .. just my camera :( ' n iPod :( ' n Coach wristlet :( and $6 .. and all the plastic . ATTENTION < PROPFEMALE > - GO DO YOUR JOB NOW !! thank you :) i hope they're disappointed with the crap they got from me ... but i liked all my crap . the nerve of some people ... * sigh * ok i'm done here . 
if life were not random , it'd be boring . 
I'M SO TORN !!!! AHH !!! 
i barely slept this weekend ( who really sleeps in miami anyway ? ) & i was SO looking foward to catching up on my zzzs 2nite ... but that doesn't seem to be happening . i'm exhausted !... but my mind is racing . 
i choose high-quality over high-quantity :) 
late nite thoughts ... i love it when all the pieces start to click and all the seeds start to grow and everything just flooowwws together ... maybe this is forshadowing 2010 ? THAT'D be nice ! ~ goodnight ~ 
i got an unexpected check in the mail !!! i almost cried . now i can have christmas !!! thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you , thank you !!!!! 
BBUURRRRRRR !!!!! THIS ain't FLORIDA !!.. i gotta go more south . 
wishing i had a space heater ... for REAL , i'm not made for the cold . 
i love these shoes ... http://www.aldoshoes.com/us/women/pumps/peep-toe/75667600-mickolick/53 . 
how bad do u guys think the traffic will be on I-75 South towards Miami during the early afternoon on New Years < PROPFEMALE > ? Crazy ? 
late fees just URK ME !!! yes , it's my fault but DAMN , a $40 punishment ? damn ppl are lucky to get my minimum payment- sheez . you know how much money these creditors collect from late fees ??? .. so WHY is this country so in debt ? oh yeah , cuz my lates fees are paying the salaries of the CEOs ' n shit . greedy bastards . * sigh * sorry ya'll . 
off to the gym to get warm . i'm SO OVER this cold weather . 
i love and miss 90's r&b .. they just don't make music like they used to .. or am i just getting old ? 
just finished a job application .. time for b.e.d. finally . goooood nite . 
k , nuff w/ youtube .. going to BED !!!! goodnite 2 all !! 
need to go to bed !!! aahh .. such a night owl . 
trying to make myself a work schedule .. but i feel more like a teacher making lesson plans ... and my eyes and brains are crossing ! @ :-p 
time 4 bed .. finally . juju , go to bed too ;) 
so for this celebrity look-alike thing goin on ... i've been told i look like a WHOLE LOT of ladies and i don't know where to start .. < PROPFEMALE > biel , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > (?) , < PROPFEMALE > mcgowan , < PROPFEMALE > keys , uh .. < PROPFEMALE > WAY back in the day .. i dunno , i 4get the rest .. who do ya'll think ? 
bedtime .... 
is antsy 
\Build your kingdom before you find your king \"" 
is needing a change of scenery .. something tropical :) 
man i'm antsy tonight ... i wanna do something ... or just be in the company of someone . i bet it was the late workout that pumped me up . uuuhhhgg .... 
what happens when you treat a person the way you want to be treated ... but they don't get it ? we're all taught that cliche but sometimes we're so in tuned with ourselves that we miss the signals of others . i think paying more attention to those around us would serve all of us better . :) 
i just got a taste for an ice cream sandwich .. mm ..... this is not good . sweet tooth go away !! 
i love getting surprise packages in the mail . :) 
SOOOO proud of my daddy- he lost 45lb in 10 weeks !! still a lot to go but that's HUGE progress !!!! 
anybody have a remedy for sore lower back muscles ? 
wishin i could go to MIA 2mor :,( .. but i gotta wait til may .. 27(ish ) days and counting .... 
Happy Easter < PROPFEMALE > Day !! >:•3 
i need new pix ... but first i need a camera ... any suggestions ? 
i think i just heard steak ' n shake has a peach milkshake .... sounds yummy ! 
What happened to SUNdays ?!? :( 
Why do we do the things we know we shouldn't do but then NOT do the things we know we should ? There HAS to be a way around this . Trusting your intuition maybe & not letting that little devil on ur shoulder make the decision ? 
on the bookshelf or the back of the door ;) 
GO RAYS !!!!!!!!!! spankin them yanks !! TWICE ! I LOVE IT !!!! 
THIS IS A QUESTION FOR ALL THE LADIES : What do you do for yourself to make yourself feel sexy and beautiful ? Message me if you want to keep it private . THANKS ! 
There are no failures only results to identify what works for you and what does not work for you ... 
All that glitters isn't gold but sometimes the unpolished is . :) 
7 months without a camera is torture for me :( still looking for a replacement but not much luck . maybe i'm too picky ?.. no surprise there . hah ! 
Burn Notice at 9 ! yay ! 
I truly believe our spirits are as vast and limitless as the midnight sky . Care to see what's out there ? ( or in there ? ) 
If he respects himself , he respects all else . 
I don't wanna hear another vuvuzela again . Aahhh !! 
I hate when u find out that the ONLY way to do something is the way you DON'T want to do it ... even though you know it'll work . >:-p 
got a new hp mini .. I LOVE THIS THING !!! 
I thought I was waking up to sausage , gravy & biscuits ... turns out my nose was wrong . So I had to settle for Cheerios . That was a bit disappointing . :( 
video chatted for the 1st time 2nite .. yeah , i know .. where have i been ? just never had the need for a webcam and my hp mini has one built in .. it's pretty cool , definitely helps you stay connected with friends who have moved away . :) 
i actually made it to the gym 5 times this week ! .. now the hard part .. keeping this up ! but i'm feeling/ & seeing a difference already so maybe that will do it ?! one gold < PROPFEMALE > 4 me :) 
Can't sleep :( :( :( alarm will be going off in .. 5 hours . That's what happens when u go to bed at 5am on say , a Friday & have to get Up at 6am on Saturday . :( 
so sore from the gym yesterday ... never thought a lint roller would be such a good massager ! aahhh ........ 
i love it when i can complete one of those word puzzles in the backs of magazines- makes me feel so smart . unfoorrrtunately .. tonight was not one-a those nights . :-/ but i got close ! 
Back on top where we belong ! GO RAYS !!!!! 
Tonight is the night I completed a crossword puzzle . So smart- go me ! 8-) 
VERY productive day .. and another one coming tomorrow :) 
Feels good to have some order back in my life ! 
Who has Verizon Fios & how's the service ?.. I'm looking to switch ... 
follow me @kbfly9 on twitter ... not a big fan of twitter but facebook didn't have me at hello either .. but now i love it ! 
If you ever feel guilty about loving yourself , love the little kid inside you who is CRAVING love and affection . It puts a whole new spin on things . :) 
maybe the girl can cook but < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > has an ** irritating ** voice ... thank god her show is over ... no i wasn't watching it but i could hear it from the living room . now my ears are happy again . 
less than 2 weeks til i'm 27 .... man ... that sounds SO WEIRD . i still feel 22 .. 23 .. MAYBE 24 ? definitely NOT 27 tho . anyone with me on this ? 
YAY for the RAYS !!! took the series !! 
on the verge of chopping my bangs- myself .... do i do it ??? lemme google this first- hahah 
birthday spa day is set ... boy , i can not WAIT ! 
Happy Birthday to all my fellow Virgos !!!! :D 
i can braid cornrows !! pix to come ! 
something must be in the air- EVERYONE'S BREAKIN UP !! ( or havin issues ) .. smh , dang . 
the birthday girl is tired .. nite nite :) 
what a FREAKIN SWEET Rays game !! 
i've always thought of myself as expressive .. but lately i'm finding it hard to express myself . ???? it's quite frustrating . :( 
WTF !?!?!? and THAT'S why I HATE the f-ing Yankees ! Cheaters !!!!!!!!!!!!!! Drama < PROPFEMALE > f-ing jeter . F-ING CHEATERS !!!! 
And THAT'S why I LLOOOOVVEE the Rays !!! Fighters !!! 
YAAYY RAYS !!!! you don't come to the Trop , CHEAT , & get a W . WE run the Trop ! 
when you're in love , everything seems to fall into place .. and when you're not , nothing seems right . amazing how powerful love can be ... 
Wooo hooo !! Rays take the season series against the Skankees !! Niicceee !!! 
is trying out Facebook Ads . Has anyone tried them ? Any success ? 
HAPPY 50th BIRTHDAY TO MY MOM !!! She's still 40 something to me . Off to our pedicures ! 
\REPLAY ! REPLAY ! \ " IS RIGHT !!! GET WITH IT MLB !!! THE RAYS ARE SICK OF GETTING ROBBED !!!!!!!! " 
P.s. These asshole TBS announcers STILL suck at their jobs . Their SO biased !! I'm fired up man . 
Headed to wedding #1 of 5 for this weekend . Oh boy ! 
Yayy Rays are coming home !! 
Oh my god , I made it thru 5 weddings this weekend .. ALIVE !! crashing now ... & SLEEPING IN !!!! 
does anyone know how to fix some crappy car audio wiring ? i'm pretty sure my speakers are still good but they're making all kinds of static and popping like the wires are loose in my trunk . it's buggin me cuz i can't listen to my radio or CDs in the car . :( 
i just realized i had an apple for dinner ... busy night .. now i'm STARVING !!! 
How does an introvert live in such an extroverted world ? 
SO incredibly sore from monday's workout ... But ... I had to go back for more . Exercising sore muscles doesn't hurt * that * bad .. 
if you burn too many bridges , you will have no place left to go . ..... too bad i didn't think of that YEARS ago . :-/ 
Of COURSE it rains today ! I just got a carwash yesterday ! 
they say change is inevitable ...... i'm waaiitttiiinnnggg .... 
No < PROPFIRST > caliendo did NOT just out my girl Jenn !! I'm still a bit shocked . 
I can't believe it's ONLY 8:00 ! 
getting up at 4:30 A . M .. for a wedding .. that means , bed time already :( :( 
Being up for 21 hours makes me feel like I've crammed 3 days into 1 . Gooood nite ! 
< PROPFEMALE > should NOT have gone home tonight . What crap . She was the best dancer next to < PROPFEMALE > . Same thing happened to Mya last season ... I'm sensing a pattern here ... 
burn notice !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
\Engage others . Inspire all . Believe in You . \ " Thanks Dove :) " 
Just finished watching < PROPFIRST>'s Day on Thanksgiving haha . Love that movie :) 
anybody know a hypnotist .. or acupuncturist ? anybody ever had either services done , or know of someone who has ? 
I want to go to Gaither's Holiday Concert this year .. Anybody want to join ? 
< PROPFEMALE>'s Secret fashion show was SEXYYYY !!! 
Locked outside our house .. faaannnTAStic . 
Mom : \You're such a good little wrapper\ " \ 
Today , tomorrow , & forever ... Friends are always there . :) 
where could i work ? 
repost : \Silence is a girl's loudest cry \"" 
Ohh this rain is making me sssslllleeeeeepppyyyyy .... Zzzzzzz ... but no napping for me , yet . 
hates having to dissect and de-onionize her food :p 
is aiming for a bikini body this summer !!! makes me wanna go bikini shopping NOW ! .. but i still got some work to do . 
BUZZZIIIINNNNNN !! off excitement ( not alcohol ) .. but i have to * try * to sleep now .... 
it's a chipotle night . mmmm !! :) 
sniffles ... : - , ( 
this flu hit HARD today :( but i think the worst of it is over - THANK GOD ! 
< PROPFEMALE > minaj ' n eminem should NEVER do a song together ever again , eminem MURDERS her lryics- she needs to take lessons from him . 
With all the ways one could get a hold of someone , one may think that if they hadn't heard from that person ( like they normally do ) , something may be wrong ... I just hope I'M wrong . Although that won't help me sleep :( 
ok that was the SICKEST half-time show EVER !!! 
omg , i have GOT to get to bed - that 4:30 am alarm is going to go off any minute !!! aahhh !! 
look at me now .. fresher than a ... :) 
if i could , i think i would get a degree for everything ... psychology , music , dance , heck , ALL arts , nutrition , business , communications ... i want to know it ALL ! miss brainiac here . 
