So its a new year and it feels the same . 

life sucks when your as cool as me lol 
Dear friends and family ... I have a series problem !.. Im addicted to Vampire Wars !!! 
I hate being sick it sucks monkey balls !!! 
Love is a double sided blade . If you push to hard you risk hurting those you love . If you let it be push to hard you risk losing your self . Its only true when its pushed and pulled the same . 
Wtf i cant sleep to save my life !!! 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE !!! 
tattoo's are fun !!! I just got my second one and it tickled lol 
Why is every one i know making them selfs disney or cartoon network characters ? please some one tell me !!! WHY !!! LOL 
Change your Facebook profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , December 6 , there should be no human faces on Facebook , but a stash of memories . This is a campaign to eliminate violence against children . 
If love had a name it would be yours <3 
Ok people im a huge believer in True Love . But because of every thing that is going on in life right now . Part of me dosen't any more so if you would if you believe in true love comment on this status why you do please and thank you . 
I am nothing more then a man , doomed for the rest of the world to see , who was given wings just to fall , who had love walk on by , with out words even to speak , come and watch my soul fade from my eye's , for that is all what is left for this man , who stands before you now 
The last time i saw your face it was but a dream , I wish that dream was my life , So i could see your lovely eye's , Say the words i dream to speak , To my love to whom i dream , i dream of dreams in my dreams what is left of my love ? 
If things didnt suck every now and then . You wouldnt know what to be happy for . So if life was all ways good , you would never be happy . 
I know the meaning of christmas its the first seasons of lost ! lol 
Im never lost im exactly where im suposed to be . 
I think the ghost of Christmas past has cleaned my slate !!! 
< PROPFEMALE > CHRISTMAS EVERY ONE !!! 
I found some old year books and now i miss a lot of people ! 
Watching my fish staring at me as if they wanted to kill me . 
i'm a stupid bitch ......... FABU love 
Early one morning in the middle of the night , two dead boys showed up to fight , back to back they faced eachother , drawed their swords and shot eachother , a deaf policeman heard the noise , and came and killed the two dead boys , if you don't believe this lie is true , ask the blind man he saw it too . 
Love Is Music From The Heart And Soul . More You Play It Louder It Gets For All To Hear . If You Bottle It Up It Gets Lost Forever 
I have not sleeped yet and i just drunk two cups of COFFEE !!! ^_^ im good for the day ahead ! 
So im on 7 cups of coffee now and i have to say im doing a whole lot better now ( O_ < ) don't mind that its just my twitchy eye . lol 
I NEED SUGAR AND LOTS OF COFFEE !!! 
Another sleepless night -_- . zZ 
My A.D.D has A.D.D so it doesn't always bother me because its To busy chasing butterflies . 
I think im going to go for the record for most days staying up im on 3 all ready . does any one know what the world record for staying up is ? 
So i want to brake the world record for staying up . The record is 11 days or 264 hours . Now i just have 2 find a way to do it and not die . 
What happens in the front room stays in the front room !!! will and youtube lol 
A fact of life : After Monday and Tuesday even the calender says W.T.F 
Watching the State of the Union wondering if Obama knows what he's saying is B.S. or if he's just that ignorant . 
For those how love , love for life . For those how live , live to love . For those how hope , hope for love to live . 
You never know where lifes going to take you . so take life by the hand and show it where to go . 
If you could have any thing what would it be ? 
So this year is the year of the rabbit and I think it’s the year of the poor rabbit that became a lucky rabbits foot there is not winners . Just a poor footless rabit and a dumb ass with a unlucky foot on he's keys . 
So I now know why a < PROPFEMALE > is like a writing desk . The feather writing quill . 
10 year and Hollywood undead !!! Hell yes !!! I just got back from there show and loved it <3 
