To a Brand New Year .... and decade for that matter .... out with all that changed for the worse and on to changes for the better ! USA ! USA ! USA ! 

is wearing only one green sock and a Speedo , standing on his roof and brandishing a firearm ... 
is excited for the Highlands < PROPMALE > and Music fest today .... 
' s cell phone is likely sleeping with the fishes at the bottom of the Chesapeake Bay ...... getting a new one shipped by Friday ..... if you need to chat with me before that , call Cindee's phone or use Facebook ..... 
Rollin ' to Minneapolis .... land of lakes , butter and white people . Better pack a knife .... 
is back from Minneapolis . Didn't have to use his knife , but did use a bottle opener ..... several times . 
is guilty until proven innocent ..... 
is soothing the savage beast ... 
... misses the late 90's , when a 25% return on stock was a common gain .... oh , back in the day .... 
... hoping the McGregor account will land at EOB this month . 
is wire tapping the McGregors .... 
.... is having his cake and eating it , too ..... 
is kissing the sky ..... 
is the beneficiary of a very welcome technicality ..... 
is counting many blessings . 
is having Excel issues .... but has no issue with Excelling . 
Taco Night at the Sperry Crib .... YES !! 
knows the neighborhood , and talk is cheap when the story is good .... 
Cindee has come to conclusion that she wants to retire somewhere warm .... alas one kink in our plans is ironed out ..... 
GO RAIDERS !!!!!!........ straight to the bowels of humiliating defeat , that is .... 
now understands why McDaniels was hired ... but cannot understand ANY team that throws at Champ 16 times , and 2X in the final 10 seconds . I think I just heard < PROPMALE > Phillips brain come screeching to a halt . 
Favorite Bronco ? Is it still Champ ? < PROPMALE > ? DJ ? Dawkins ? ORTON ?? Cast your vote . < PROPMALE > ? < PROPFIRST > ? 
Here comes the sun ....... 
Alas , the doorbell finally quit ringing ..... damn freeloaders . 
... had to bail on my trip to London :( - BUT , will go next month instead for a longer stay ... :) Happy Thanksgiving to all ! 
World Cup 2010's Dark Horse .... Ivory Coast .... by luck of the draw and Portugal's struggles to even qualify ..... 
Thank you to ALL for the wonderful Birthday wishes :) 
10:15 on a Saturday night .... and the taps drips ... drip drip drip drip drip 
Lock up your daughter , lock up your wife . Lock up your back door and run for your life ..... the man is back in town . Name it . 
A slang term used to discreetly refer to a man's erection . The owner of the < PROPMALE > may or may not realize he's standing at attention - you can either try to save his dignity or point and laugh . The term is often used in the company of women or others that are not privy to its true meaning . 
Talk about LUCK ! Blackberry fell out of my pocket and BOUNCED OFF the rim of a FULL bucket of water , safely landing on the floor .... sweet ..... 
Chocolate Cadberry Eggs ... the square mans crack ..... 
Heal quickly , Jozy ..... we need you in the mix . 
USA ! USA ! USA ! Lightning Strikes Today ! 
Lesson 101 on how to score on Engerland .... AIM DIRECTLY AT THE KEEPER . 
World\ 
Cup , warm blanket , a fumbling English keeper .... Cindee is making \ 
pancake balls with chocolate chips for breakfast ..... the best of days ..... 
PROUD of the USA ! To overcome 2 blown calls , < PROPFEMALE > with England and keep steadfast compsure in spite of circumstance over the final 2 games ..... AMAZING . 
Today is a special day for the clan .... my newest nephew was born a few hours ago . In addition , it was 2 years ago to the date that I was attacked , mauled and subdued by a vicious cougar ; and I am still here to tell the tale .... 
dead battery in the ride ... c'mon baby charge .... 
is looking forward to the next Notre Dame shindig .... how cool is it to go to yet another ELEMENTARY school reunion ??? 
Very proud of my ass kicking wife for competing in the Rock and Roll Marathon today . She is doing the 1/2 race and is 3 < PROPMALE > in ...... 
< PROPMALE > Beck's rendition of God Save the Queen .... WTF ? 
Rapidly , the Rapids will score with Rapidity ..... 
In Copenhagen with my wonderful wife , first to dinner and then to the Globe < PROPFEMALE > Pub to watch < PROPFEMALE > rock Casbahs ..... 
Headed to Mile High to watch our beloved Broncos with my pops ..... will keep an eye out for illegal taping ..... 
Are there any Notary Public folks on my friend list ? Or ..... a kind referral to someone who is .....? 
Congratulations to my sister < PROPFEMALE > , who kicked ass and took all names at the weight loss challenge ! 1st Place , most pounds lost . BAM !! 
WOW .... Thank you to all for the wonderful birthday wishes ! :) 
V Cast Song ID ... the coolest app ever put on a phone . EVER . 
and ever ...... 
Does anyone have a good reco for < PROPMALE > based LASIK outfit ? Ophthalmologist preferred ..... 
