Hello Vegas ! 

doesn't like new Mexico so much . hehe . 
is happy for rain , but wishes her dog could < PROPFEMALE > an umbrella . 
AHHHHH !!!!!!!!!! I have internet !!!!! YAY YAYAY YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYYYYY !!!!!!!!!!!! 
Why do people at Wal-mart smell so funny ? 
YAY ! I finally posted wedding pics .... 8 months after the fact ... boy , am i on top of things or WHAT !?!? 
holy cow I think I might pop ! 
hungry . tired . Must i go on ? 
is SOOOOOOO excited for coast !!! YAY ! 
Oh yes . I do approve of the new photo uploading thingy . 
only 29(ish ) more days until I have a child .... thats wierd ... 
has a new baby girl , < PROPFEMALE > Tae . soooooo cute ! 
Happy happy !!! Joy joy ! I love having good easy days ... * sigh * 
I think it just now hit me that I am 20 years old ... I've been this way for almost 6 months ... and I JUST realized it ... wow . Wake up < PROPFEMALE > !!! 
stupid watermelon . So delicious , yet so painful ... I submit . 
< PROPFIRST > Hood ! Yay !!! There is something oddly fascinating about watching < PROPFIRST > Crowe kill people ... 
is watching < PROPFIRST > work on his truck ... He's so dreamy . lol 
I love good old fashioned Koinonia . It is good for the soul . :D 
SOOO SOOOOO SOOOOOOOOO excited to see my family . YAY !!!!!!!!! and < PROPFIRST > too . and maybe < PROPFIRST > ??? 
my two month old just growled at me ... 
Gr . Do I have to ? 
Aw the power of a pout ... 
Holy cow ... that was the longest four minutes of my LIFE !!!!! 
It's funny how when you have a bad day ... It goes all out BAD 
when you start with God you see man in his proper perspective 
I thought cold season was in Winter ... What's the deal ?!?! 
I love cookies ... they make my world sparkley . Yay 
107 degrees at 7:00 at night . that's special ... 
is soooo sick of washing dishes . Hands = pruny . yuck 
Kids Camp next week . That will be interesting . Excited to see how the Lord will work ! 
Awesome time at kids camp . So many prayers answered ! Now I'm in Idaho ! YAY ! 
Wow ! So glad today turned out way better than it started . Praise GOD !!! 
Road trip . Yay ! but I will miss my dear husband . * tear * 
I love you 
soooo tired . I think I'm going to fall asleep typinzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
Firefighter school was awesome ! God did a great work !!!! Glad to get some rest now though . 
so wants to eat a peice of super chocolatey cake ... yummmmm ! 
< PROPFEMALE > decided she can role today . My babys growing up so fast :( 
I love riding horses in the morning before it gets so hot I think I'll die 
loves today ! So pretty . :) 
is tired and dirty and wants Ice cream , and had quite a good day with my DARLING husband on his day off . yay 
My Computer is crashing !!!! I don't know what to do ... cry maybe ? I didn't back up any of my pics ... except the ones that are uploaded to facebook I spose . hahawaaaaaaaaaa ! :'( 
The days right before fall are always so perfect . I wish I could be outside every minute ! 
Man , it's hard to stop yourself from getting ahead of God . I just get so darn excitable ! 
Going camping tomorrow . spose'd to be cloudy , but no rain says the weather people . yay ! hope that happens ! I hate camping in the rain :/ 
Sometimes I really wish I could meet a certain person only so I could shove a large sock in his mouth . :) 
Heaven . Is . A wonderful place . Filled . With . < PROPFEMALE > and grace . And I wanna see my Saviors face cuz heaven is a wonderful place ! ( I wanna go there ) . hehe 
Waiting ... Waiting ... Waiting ... Will you come home already ???? Please ? :) 
Can't WAIT to get back my MAV ... how wonderful it will be to be able to drive again ! I think its been like 3 or 4 months ... yay for freedom !!! 
Soooo ... I washed AND dried my phone last night with my laundry ... Rest in pieces my poor little plastic piece of junk . :( 
As much as I LOVE the weather we're having ... There is something wrong when its 82 degrees in the middle of November 
I think a documentary on Faral Cats may be pretty profitable . It could be very low-budget seeing as how we have so many of the creatures roaming around our neighborhood ... Any interest ? 
< PROPFEMALE > got her first tooth . YAY ! 
I got my car back just in time to go christmas shopping . Now < PROPFIRST > doesn't have to take me to go pick out his presents . Though , I think he might have liked that :) 
is excited for the parade . Woo Hoo . 
Donated 4 big black trash bags of clothes today ... Three of which were full of < PROPFIRST>'s clothes ... Wow 
Yay ! I got a puppy ! 
I love how even though my baby is so sick she still gives me big smiles ! I am sooo blessed ! 
I'm thinkin ice skating sounds like fun right now 
So sad . All the fam has officially left and the holiday fun is over .... 
I love crock pots they're soooo easy ! 
Hey ! Anybody need baby formula ? Or know of someone who does ? I have 4 cans of it and a bunch of coupons that I'm never going to use and would much rather share than throw it away ... :) 
I love how < PROPFEMALE > points at everything with her little sausage fingers ! 
I'm sitting next to the christmas tree drinking hot cocoa ... Wondering , Does < PROPFIRST > seriously still want the tree in the living room ? Or is he just using that as an excuse to be lazy ? HMMMMMMM 
Just watched Grease . I had forgotten how risqué it was ! 
Thank you all for the birthday wishes ! Love ya ! 
I miss you ! 
