If you have a wonderful husband , fiancé or boyfriend that works hard to provide for you and would do anything just for you and your family , then repost this as your status to give the honest well behaved men out there the recognition that they deserve .... because great men are few and far between , and I have one ! -- My husband is wonderful and patient , Praise God . 

Hoping that this coming week turns out better than this weekend . We could use some cheering up around our house ! 
Thought of you with love today , but that is nothing new . I think of you in silence , I often speak your name , all I have are memories and a picture in a frame . Your memory is a keepsake with which i'll never part . God has you in his keeping , I have you in my heart ..... Repost if you have a loved one in heaven ? Always ........ love you and miss you every day !!! 
For my Savior , Jesus Christ , A new Facebook challenge ... I am out to prove that my friends will repost this , I hope I am right !!! Let's lift up His name and make a statement !! When Jesus died on the cross he died for YOU and ME . If you are not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ , copy and repost . I am not ashamed ! Thank You JESUS ! 
not up to much ... just living each day as best I can ! http://chatter.com/a/4zxl7?ref=nf 
A true friend doesn't care if you're broke , you're slightly mental at times , you can't keep a secret , your house is a mess , or your family is filled with crazies . . . they love you for who you are . A true friend can go along periods of time without speaking and never question their friendship . Repost if you are lucky en ... ough to have at least one . . . true friend . . . THANK GOD I DO :) 
Thank you for the birthday wishes from all of you !! They are greatly appreciated !!! 
Sitting at home , watching the world go by ... and as for now ... lotsa snow watching ! http://yearbook.com/a/ui8yt?ref=nf 
HUSBAND & WIFE WEEK : If you have a mate who is your best friend , who has been with you through thick and thin , who loves you even when you're at your worst , and whom you are PROUD to be married to , copy and paste this with the date you were married . July 24 , 2004 
It's been said that everlasting friends can go long periods of time without speaking and never question the friendship . These types of friends pick up like they just spoke yesterday , no matter how long it's been , how far away , and they don't hold grudges . They understand that life is busy ... But you will ALWAYS love them . Re-Post if you have at least 1 of these friends . They will know who they are !! 
