welcome to 2010 ! ????????????????? 

I finally gave in to facebook ... 
I have to write my 1st DBQ ! Help pease ! 
thanks for all the birthday wishes ! <3 
has homework but really doesn't wanna do it .... >,< 
????????????? 
????????? started over again somewhere .??????????? 
looking forward to eating mexican with my favorite class tomorrow . ^^ 
I often wonder about that of which I ponder , if such complex thinkings just might be unfathomable to anyone other than myself . 
I was thinking of taking my own path through the woods , but I think I'm lost ... So here's hoping I make a path worth following ^^ ; 
Don’t walk in front of me , I may not follow . Don’t walk behind me , I may not lead . Walk beside me , and we'll get there together . ? 
is so watching the < PROPFEMALE > Half Time Show during the Puppy Bowl ! XD 
ITS SNOWING !!!!!!! XD 
I made a snowman , but he broked . :( 
The real trouble with reality is that there’s no background music . (* insert sad music *) 
A train station is where the train stops . A bus station is where the bus stops . On my desk , I have a work station so this is where my work stops . Goodbye Physics !! 
wonder's why people warn against grabbing a tiger by the tail when its the other side you have to worry about . Y'know , the side that has teeth . ;p 
has finally finished the stupid ****** 2 month long physics project . and for once its not the night before its due . :D yay me ! 
You know your screwed when you take a break from AP homework to do Trig . > < 
has 7 projects , 4 of which are due this week . Me thinks this is bit unfair . :( And no , I didn't procrastinate ( much ) . So I'm off to bed before my brain dies . Night all ! 
Finally , done with five projects :) 
is taking the SAT tomorrow . Wish me luck ! 
gots a new phone . it is EPIC . * squee * 
last day of Grad testing , hoping today will be easy as the rest . Final Round : Social Studies ! Ganbatte Kudasai minasan ! 
So I'm going on a field trip tomorrow ! Yay ! My only regret is missing AP and Trig . Mrs. Reeves , don't kill me ! x.x 
i think I need to use the word epic more . epic is an awesome word . ^^ 
if I was the author of my life , and I had to use pen ... well , that would explain the sqiggly lines at least ... ^^ ; 
Got my SAT scores back . First total score of 1620 . :D 
is at the top 5% of her class . :) YAYZ ! 
I got bit by a rat today ... Its going to the snake next time . >:D 
Ugh ! They started Bleach over again ! It had finally caught back up to episode 160-somethin ' and now its back to ep . 1 . >:( 
AP Exam tomorrow morning ! X.X I'm gonna die !!!!!! \ 
But wish me luck anyways , becuz I might be unlucky enough of survive . And good luck to all those taking it too , I wish you luck as well . This is the part we all cram and somehow pass the exam , yes ? 
Report : AP Exam Terminated ; Status : Dead ; Action Plan : Postponed ; Loading New Plan ... \ 
Plan Found : SLEEP 
had an awesome time at Kaleidoscope today ! I'm is especially proud of my bestest friends < PROPMALE > Llamas and < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > ! You guys were amazing !! And the chorus and band in general was quite epic ! XD 
has heard something very awesome ! I'll let ya'll know tomorrow if it comes true ! ;) 
I never thought that it could happen ! <3 
Have to take a physics exam tomorrow ! Should of studied , didn't . Should study , but I probably won't . Anywayz ~ still in a giggly mood , hope I can get to sleep ! Night all ! 
been up since 4:30 this morning , and I've had to to deal little kids all day , time for night night ! 
I need therapy and I've got the sunburn to prove it . Did I mention I hate kids ? =/\ 
Anywayz ~ I get to take my Trig . test tomorrow . with a burnt face . the last day of school is going to be so much fun :s 
Woot . I am a senior . Fear me ! 
I hate ice cream trucks . :( 
Congratz to all my friends who graduated today ! Love you guyz !! <3 
I have all the answers in my head , now I just wish I could find them :( 
Got my report card today ~ A's & B's! 27.5 credits . Soooo close ! <3 
Its thundering !! T.T I don't like thunder ... 
Woot ! Had an awesome day doing nothing with one my bestest friends ! You're awesome < PROPMALE > ! ;) 
Feels lonely :( 
thinks ninjas are WAY better than spartans AND pirates =P 
I fear the day the gummi bear aliens will invade earth just to abduct our pandas D: 
Heading to Macon tomorrow , so I'll be out of the area for a while . Just thought I ' d let you know . ;) 
We are all weird , and life is weird too . When we find someone who's weirdness is compatible with ours , we fall into mutual weirdness and call it love <3 
Waah ! Its storming , and I'm scared ! Going to bed now !! 
Just finished reading Catcher in the Rye . It was good and all , but I feel like nothing happened . Can anyone enlighten me ? 
@.@ Wakarimasen !! 
Eatin at Mellow Mushroom ! ;) Muahahaha ! \\n 
Mmm ... watermelon ... :3 
I've been thinking ... why are we worried about aliens if they're searching for intelligent life ? Just say you're from < PROPFEMALE > , and you'll be perfectly safe . ;) 
Who here has heard of the Hamster Dance ?? 
< PROPMALE > Diggory was reincarnated as < PROPFIRST > Cullen ?? What the heck did he do to deserve that ? Thats just wrong . :( 
Twilight wouldn't be so annoying if I didn't have to deal with all the twitards . :P 
Why can't anyone read < PROPFEMALE>'s mind ? Well , you can't read an empty book , now can you ? 
Walls may have ears , but the windows have eyes ... 
I learned a new word ! Squirkling -- to shade using random curvy lines to create texture . We artists make up the best words ! <3 
So , I was thinking ... How can I know for certain that I'd lost my marbles ? In fact , for all I know , somebody coulda stole ' em . 
So I was thinking ... UGA ... Maybe ? 
College . Is . Annoying . And I'm not even there yet . :( 
I know I'm ranting , but it makes me feel better . :) Jasper = Sokka ? Now , who did that math ? 
Face , meet Pillow . Why hello , Pillow ! Fancy meeting you here ... * face-plant * 
Had an extremely awesome day with an even more awesome guy !! XD Thank you , < PROPFIRST > ! <3 
Headin ' to Athens for a UGA visit . Yeah , I can't believe I'm up this early either 
Arrived at UGA ... this place is huge ! ( and the signs are so small ... ) 
Just got home . UGA was amazing ! Right now its at the top of my list ( and I'm pretty picky :3 ) 
Yessssss !!! I passed the AP exam !!! XD I cant believe it , but I did it !!! 
I hate being on the road at this dark hour . I can't read . :( 
I have arrived at < PROPFIRST > College , and OMG it is so beautiful ! Every building looks like a castle ! \\n 
If only the price tag on college really didn't matter ... 
Who'd ever think I'd be babysitting in this lifetime ? 
I'm going to DIE . T-T 
Babysitting again . Any advice ? 
Day 4 of babysitting ... Lets hope today goes well . Wish me luck ! 
was playing hide and seek with facebook and sleep . Facebook won . But sleep wants a rematch . Lets give this another try . :) 
So I was thinking ... most people who like Twilight more than < PROPMALE > Potter must be illiterate . 
One day I want to meet a sane and intelligent Twilight fan , and ask them why they like it . Me thinks I'll be waiting a while . 
My head hurts ... :( 
I swear , the longer I spend with these kids , the faster my IQ is dropping . :( 
Last day of babysitting ! :D ... And now I shall die until morning . Night all ! 
Had an awesome day with < PROPMALE > and < PROPFEMALE > ! Love you guys !! <3 
What would you name a female black cat ? ( excluding the obvious : ) 
I wish , somehow , I could become the person everyone else seems to think I am , and be deserving of their love . 
So I was thinking ... how much bad luck do you get when a black cat crosses your path , and spills salt ... twice ? 
Starting the countdown for school . Time to wrap up homework and live up whats left of summer . This is going to be a very busy year , let's hope I can survive ! 
Trying out ideas for senior pictures , any suggestions ? ideas ? 
Heading to pictures ! I hope they go well . 
Done with pictures , finally ! 
I HATE not having intenet ! I feel so out of the loop . :( 
Anybody know when Open house starts on Sunday ? 
I wish I wasn't so afraid of storms , maybe then I could get some sleep . Well , I'm about to try anyway . Night ! 
Just read a really funny book ! 354 pages in under 24 hours when I probably should have been doing that homework that I haven't done yet ( but will have to , eventually , before tomorrow ) . 
I think I'm going to die this year . They're actually making us do stuff in P.E now ! For the whole class period ! ( And no more basketball or doing homework either . ) 
I hated school , but now I hate it even more because of the stupid state running things ! Oh , I can't wait to leave Burke county forever ! ( except to see Mrs. Reeves . ) 
Is it the weekend yet ? 
Stupid PE , making me walk like a cripple . :( 
Went to bed at 8 , got up about now , I think that's the most sleep I've had all week ! 
Watching people destroy their lives unknowingly is a great way to end the day , especially since they deserve it . Can't wait to see the end . :) 
' Bout to eat some chinese ! < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE>'s the best ! 
Woot ! Made it to Dahlonega ! Site of the first < PROPMALE > U.S gold rush and home of my favorite sister . ;) 
Going to finally see Toy Story 3 ! 
I think my pessimism and general cynicism is due to the fact that I have enough intelligence to continually notice the idiocy in the world around me . \ 
... Just sayin ' . 
Suuki ran away with my notecard .. :( I had to < PROPMALE > her around the house and then had to extract her from the abyss that is under my bed . Not cool . :( 
Nighty night ! 
Ow , my brain hurts . Never again ( after this assignment ) will I ever pick up Wuthering Heights again ! >.< 
Finally ! My internet was wonkered and hadn't been letting me get on facebook for the past few days ... I missed you peoples . 
\Suki ! What did I just tell you -!?\" BAM \ " Nevermind .. \"" 
Never knew how much I depended on electrcity ' til it was gone :( 
Thinks internet is fixed , for real this time . ( crosses fingers ) 
Why is Friday so close to Monday , but Monday so far from Friday ? 
Almost to the Museum ! XD 
Atomic explosions , rhinos , and a mustache . Yeah , Dali was pretty epic . 
Why can't eighteen just be another number ?? 
Remember , remember the fifth of November ... 
Thanks everybody for all the birthday wishes !!! I'm so lucky to have friends like ya'll!! 
I'm thinking early bedtime for me . Night all ! 
I think I made a good < PROPFIRST > Locke ... 
Lovin ' that fullmoon outside . :) 
A little disappointed with my SAT scores ... while my writing score went up , my overall score went down ( but only by 10pts ) . Not sure how I feel really , except I wish I did better . 
At Barnes & < PROPMALE > ! Thats right , be jealous . ;) 
Movie time ! ;) 
< PROPFEMALE > ... Unstoppable was pretty epic . :) 
Ugh , so . much . homework ... x.x 
Not liking going back to school , but even less liking that we're out on Friday . What are these people thinking ??? Mrs. Reeves , what are we going to do ? 
I'm starting to think that I've been stupid all my life but no one ever told me . 
My < PROPFEMALE > smells like Marshmallows .. :) 
What is that mysterious ticking noise ? 
Killing time at the mall ... 
Finally done with shopping ... Tiring but fun 
Playing DDR with my sister :) 
Is playing Scrabble with my sister , and currently losing ... 
Is playing with < PROPMALE > ! :D 
Who's staying up to watch the lunar eclipse tonight ? 
Just got my hair cut ! :D 
Is filling out scholarship applications ... Yay , fun time ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !!!! 
Is wishing for snow !! 
has finished book for AP Lit .. and is bored ... \\nRoByN 
Just finished a round of Monopoly ... ugh , my brain hurts . 
I don't wanna go back to school ! x.x 
Is ------ at a certain school system . Can't they do anything right ?! 
Has NO exams next week , and is extremely excited !! 
School is officially not going to happen tomorrow from what I've heard ... Don't know if I'm happy or not about this ... 
No school again tomorrow ?? This is not helping me with my procrastination ... 
Is battling evil momsters to save the world !! ... ( thank god there's a reset button .. ) 
Just when I thought everything was going really well , Reality decides to slap me in the face ... I'm not sure how much more I can take . 
Has decided to go to school tomorrow . Not happy about it but I'm not happy about quite a few things lately . Here's hoping that seeing some of my favorite people will cheer me up . 
Bored ... :( 
Well , one school down . Accepted into Brenau , but I don't think I'm going there ; still waiting on North < PROPFEMALE > and UGA ... 
Essays ... a necessary evil . 
Bored ... 
So much homework ... But what can I say , I did it to myself . :P 
Eww ... Its raining ... 
Why is college so expensive ?? 
Brenau is teasing me !! 
Watching the IBM challenge on Jeopardy ! ...... Don't laugh at me ... 
I don't know about ya'll but these colleges need to hurry up and tell me something before I end up in a crazy house . :( 
Country music , chocolate milk , and a poem . Don't mock me , I'm enjoying myself . :D 
\Guil :( to Ros ) ... ' Lick your toe and wave it around a bit . ' \ 
Victory ! Accepted at North < PROPFEMALE > ! Now if UGA will hurry up and say yay or nay , I can finally decide where I want go ! 
Wants June to hurry up and these scholarship deadlines to slow down ! :( 
Here's wishing all going to Literary tomorrow the best of luck ! I know you'll all astound the judges with your brilliance ! :D 
I took a nap at 4 , thinking I could take a short nap , but it turned into 4 hours ... 
I think I might be losing my voice :| 
Totally into my ' Modest Proposal ' ... I may have taken this too far ... >:D 
Going to bed at eight , to wake up at six ..? I'm not sure if I like this trade off ... 
Hmm .. Haven't even gotten there yet and I already want to change my < PROPMALE > . 
Officially Spring Break , but I'm still bored ... 
Doesn't like the weather ... Its the calm before the storm ! D: 
The storms freaking me out a bit , the dog is TOTALLY freaked , and the cat is freaked out by the dog ! And mama is sleeping it all away ... No fair !! 
