slayed a dragon today with turk ! 

Watching family guy and thinking about the simple things . Cant be any happier . 
Damn its cold on the roof . 
Taking Trix to the vet . 
its amazing how shity life can get when u add distance 
got to feel complete for about three hours :) 
wow .. longest wait of my life . 
What to do in the amazing town of Chesterville when ur bored .... oh yea NOTHING ! fml 
WAGING A WAR AGAINST BOREDOM !!! 
Carving some wicked pumpkins today :) 
\THIS IS AN OFFICIAL NOTICE THAT LIMEWIRE IS UNDER A COURT-ORDERED INJUNCTION TO STOP DISTRIBUTING AND SUPPORTING ITS FILE-SHARING SOFTWARE . DOWNLOADING OR SHARING COPYRIGHTED CONTENT WITHOUT AUTHORIZATION IS ILLEGAL . \ " fuck illigal i like free music . " 
what to do with all the free time ? 
Just tried to use my cell phone as the tvt remote ... duh 
I get to see < PROPFIRST > tomorrow :D couldnt be happier 
Finally figured out Killer Bunnies ! epic 
watching 1,000 ways to die . just think of all the stupid things u could put on ur tombstone . 
11 more days till my birthday ! 
Congratulations ! I have just severly cut my friends list and if you can read this then it means that I didn't think you were overtly borish , morally repulsive , mentally impotent or that I could simply remember having a convertation with you in the past year that went past the unremarkable small talk and wouldn't push you in front of a hoard of zombies to save my own life . :) 
likes the way < PROPMALE > McElderry talks on All Worked Up . lol 
off to wrk ... sigh . 
< PROPFIRST > is sick :( 
Bored out of my mind . 
another wonderful morning of waking up to mom screaming that she is going to kill everyone(including the dog ) b/c she cant find socks . Why the dog ! 
I honestly believe that any human being who would waste thier time watching something like Jersey Shore no longer deserves to live . There are alot of stupid thins on television but this is deffinatly in the top 3 . 
Looking at the weather channel it looks like what we got last night was just mother nature applying the lube to our assholes before she rapes us . Go ohio 
A sorrowful anouncment for all : Sampson < PROPMALE > Adkins is being put down today . 
im sickened by what ppl use God for . I just saw comercieals for 1 . a dating website and 2 . losing wieght that God supposedly \helped with\ " . Damn . Well in that case I'll be selling lemonade at an increased price of 600% profit and tell ppl that God made it . " 
Believes that < PROPMALE > Cage should NOT play in action movies as a \bad ass\ " . He not only is 47 but just doesnt have what it takes to pull off that role . Seeing him with a gun or doing \ " stunts\ " just makes me laugh . Thumbs down for Drive Angry ( another movie I will never go to see ) . " 
You know that the house is cold when you open a pepsi that you got from the shoe room and it is part ice .... :/ 
I just saw a life sized alcoholic < PROPMALE > bear with an asian porn addiction attempt to commit suicide on Supernatural . lol priceless 
Had a great weekend with < PROPFIRST > :D 
14 Wisconsin lawmakes flee the state to block anit-union bill . lol I wont feel sorry for < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > when all those pissed off ppl get thier hands on him . 
Does it make me a Tolkien nerd that I would rather watch Return of the < PROPMALE > than Hooters Dreamgirl ? 
Watching Lord of the Rings while playing Lord of the Rings online . Tolkien rules !!! 
I just got my hair cut at < PROPFEMALE>'s Hair Affair in Chesterville . It's a nice lil place and she does a great job for cheap :D Nice lady too 
Sigh ... rainy cold day . Time to delve into my library of books and lay under the covers till work . 
Woke up randomly about ten minutes ago . Did all the stuf I usually do when I wake up randomly and still cant go to sleep . This sucks :/ 
Just had the unpleasant experience of my cat Bumpy trying to put his head in my mouth to eat the chocolate I was eating . Thank God I was able to stop yawning . 
No phone and no $ till I get to Orrville so I'll enjoy my last day of cable , pack and work . 
Going to < PROPMALE > Adkins gaduation this weekend and moving into our new place by tuesday :D 
