is excited to have finally seen deaf people outside of class or pah club events . 

Loves the smell of rain 
so bored , need to burn 3 hours before my next final 
is happy that finals are finally over ( even though they were easy ) looking foward to the party on friday . 
not even 2 days into summer break and the boredom is already setting in 
dinner party was great . need to do it again sometime 
epic games comming out of EA for next year 
loves E3 , but wishes he wasn't so poor 
lolcats just ended my night on a high point . goodnight 
very busy weekend . the brainerd fireworks were great , and now i need to sleep for about 3 days 
Hello , my name is Inigo Montoya . You killed my father . Prepare to die . 
safely made it to illinois 
finally got some white castles . mmmmm tasty 
is jammin ' out to the goofy goober rock song 
is back in brainerd . will miss illinois a little , but very glad to be sleeping in my own bed tonight 
is glad he maxed out finnancial aid this semister . just spent 25$ on books after charging $500 through finnancial aid . stupid expensive computer books . $525 for 4 classes ... 
any ASL students want to meet up and practice before school starts ? 
anybody want to go see < PROPFIRST > pilgrim vs . the world tomorrow at 1:15 ? 
first day of school . had lots of fun . hope the rest of the week goes as well . 
the waning < PROPFEMALE > was really pretty . goodnight 
anybody want to walk around brainerd with me tomorrow ? 
had a nice walk around brainerd today . i think if the weather is nice next week i'll do it again in a different part of brainerd 
anyone want to join me walking around brainerd tomorrow ? 
i need to avoid the pet store in brainerd . it was very hard to resist bringing 1 or 3 of the cute animals home 
the only down side to cooking is having to clean up after you're finished 
i wake up this morning , and if finally looks like winter outside ... 
i know i will change my mind later but right now i have to say coffee is the best thing ever created . 
how many times do you need to do something stupid before you stop doing it ....? i will let you know when i stop . 
I almost wished i had walked to school this morning with the the way the roads were , and i only live 5 minutes from school . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon \ 
from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till \ 
Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse & copy \ 
& paste to your status to invite your friends to do the same ! 
procrastination ... my eternal partner ... how i DESPISE thee !! 
is looking foward to watching indiana jones this weekend . 
has a web cam and skype installed . feel free to add me . 
mmmmmm , ramen noodles 
Cousins are the 1st friends of your life . Cousins are there as childhood friends . No one will ever understand your crazy family like your cousins ... even if you don't talk much lately ...... Repost this if you have some of the best cousins in the world !! 
is glad to know the young men that post videos of themselves getting hit in the nuts will likely not be passing on their genes to the next generation . 
had a great time at northwest and thinks we should get together again soon 
had a great time with some friends in St. Cloud 
back in Brainerd !! and 10 days until school starts . 
thinks he needs more ASL practice before class starts 
is wondering what his ASL classmates are doing on saturday . 
There's a site called Spokeo.com that's a new online USA phone book w/personal info : pics you've posted on FB or web , your approx credit score , home value , income , age , etc . You can remove yourself ! Search for yourself on their site ( don't buy the access ) , copy that URL of your < PROPFEMALE > , and then go to the bottom of the < PROPFEMALE > and click on the PRIVACY button to remove yourself . Copy & repost so your FB friends are aware 
ok Minnesota , you are being too greedy . you can either have biting cold or snow . pick ONE !! 
bank said 42 degrees !!! that's a heat wave !!! it was so nice driving home , i rolled down my window 
just got back from an awesome silent weekend event . it was really great and now i'm tired . 
who love waiting until the last minute for a paper i had 3 weeks to work on ?? \ 
\ 
I do !!! 
oh coffee , most days you are an enemy , but today you are the sweetest ambrosia 
Today was ... An experience . I had a great time at MoA and a slightly interesting time driving 4 hours in this snowstorm . That's a long time to drive from the twin cities to brained . But even though it was slow we arrived safely and it wasn't too horrible of a ride . 
after waking up at 7:30 i'm surprised that tired only recently showed up in my mind 
to my friends : i'm close to reaching my limit on texting . so until the 11th of march i would prefer contact through an phone call or something here on facebook . thanks :) 
Had a great time bowling and really enjoyed getting to chat with a bunch of my friends . 
the play was awesome !! and it was really cool to see it interpreted . 
i'm so glad spring break is here , i needed a break from school . 
Hax0rs 
Had a great time at MoA with some friends :) . Now time to sleep for about a day or so . 
so , how is everyone's spring break going ? 
i'm surprisingly insightful , considering how stupid i am . 
so , they close the high school . but expect that all the PSEO students can still make it to the college .... 
YAY !! CLC is closed . i wish i knew that before i woke up this morning . 
We all have a thousand wishes . To be thinner , to be bigger , have more money , a cool car , a day off , a new phone , to date the person of your dreams . A cancer patient only has one wish : to kick cancer's ass . I know that 97% of you won't post this as your status , but my friends will be the 3% that do . In honor of someone who died , or is ... fighting cancer , or even had cancer , post this for at least one hour 
7 hours to write out my life story and translate it into ASL gloss for ASL 4 . of course i have only had all semester to work on it ... gatta love waiting until the last minute to finish things . 
wishes his brain would work long enough to get things accomplished 
i have never been high before , but I imagine it would be something like how i feel now . Rockstar punched is my new favorite drink . 
i seem to want to sign more when i'm hopped up on caffeine . 
