memetic thought : progress , writing , creativity . I really only feel productive when I'm writing with a black . 7 mm pilot g-2 pen . A pencil is far too vanilla for this crazy bastards taste . Its like astroglide with letters , they slip right in and out 

Feels as though he is finally communing with solitude , yay ! And yet I am on Facebook ... aww ... 
I wish there was a black and green interface with facebook . All this blue makes me nervous 
Is currently crazed and in need of oatmeal . Lonliness sucks ! 
requires an ample supply of photosensitive resists for future screen prints he has in mind , as well as cheap frames and a decent staple gun 
Found a new print configuration for an < PROPMALE > piece . yay ! 
I have found that I often stare at the download box , and secretly I keep hoping the download completes before the timer indicator said it should . I'm not sure why . 
Currently Reading Dreamweaver CS4 111/1064 ... Chapter 4 PHP and MySQL 220/637 ... Chapter 3 Headfirst Web Design -- Finished ! XHTML and CSS coding -- Finished ! only .... 8 more big books I need to buy . I can bludgeon people with these things at this point . 
Is expecting that half of the Dreamweaver book he's reading will be regarded as regurgitated data by his brain 
Needs to convert his two piece sleeve arrays ... not looking forward to that 
Needs something to do after work tonight 
Leaving work soon . Dreamweaver CS4 220/1000 pages ... done . Gone crazy ... back soon 
400/1000 pages of dreamweaver cs4 completed . Almost to server side applications . 
I am blitzed out in bejeweled . I think I won this week , and I will be intensly impressed if someone tops my score . 
Read Sun Tzu's < PROPMALE > of War again today . People get really cocky about having read these scrolls , and the associate interpreters of its meaning are equally annoying . Oh well , at least its done . 
Just got back from one hell of a first date ! Best part ... nothing disasteriffic happened this time ! 
The company has left me alone with an unsecured container of cooked applewood < PROPFEMALE > smoked bacon . This is most dangerous ... 
needs to rub someone , or be rubbed ... 
is trying to motivate himself to work on his master data key for his design program 
I started on the master key I've been afraid to work on . Now that Ive expanded it to contain all the BASE data I require , I may end my life half way though the calculations . Seriously , literally thousands of data inputs . After spending two hours on it today , I started visually measuring people up ... got funny looks for it . 
I saw something horrifying today ... I didn't think body fat could flow like that . I was proven wrong . It is a dreadfully true thing that you can't un-see anything in life . 
damn it ... I shouldn't go out but I want to . 
I am lurking at the Wilde Roast , and there is a new boy here I haven't seen before . Cute one ... Time for pattern work ! 
Found a way to block a mens thong in my pattern program ... not sure how I feel about this . 
know whats sad ? Im behind on my webcomics . Know whats awesome , Im behind on my webcomics ! more to read ! 
found boot leg Chinese penis enlargement pills in the hotel tonight . 
is contemplating drinking that Nano vapor I have sitting across the room and programming again . I will be wired all night if I do so ... but ... progress ! 
fuck everything 
Current forecast for the year : absolute evil with a < PROPMALE > of sinister intent . 
if 2010 werent bad enough , we're going to be facing the flurry of updates on 01-10-11 , 1 0-0 1-11 , 10-10-11 , 11-01-11 and 11-10-11 .... huzzah ... binary 
all work and no kink make < PROPMALE > a sadistic boy ... all work and no kink make < PROPMALE > a sadistic boy ... all work and no kink make < PROPMALE > a sadistic boy ... all work and no kink make < PROPMALE > a sadistic boy ... all work and no kink make < PROPMALE > a sadistic boy ... 
Accomplished something today . lesee ... 128 blocks that normally would have taken about 45 minutes for me to digitally scribe out each ... for all standard sizes in the clothing industry . 96 hours worth of traditional work scribed out in 30 minutes . I am feeling good right now ... 
Alright ... time to buckle down and do some sample data for a men's size 4 . I need to write a facebook app that collects peoples body measurements , this is getting supervillian-ish . 
I wish I could meet more people who enjoy a certain degree of vision in their lives . The world really does turn whether we want it to or not , but ... in all that is there not the possibility of seeing something more ? Is there not the possibility for others of a chosen goal that grants a good life and < PROPFEMALE > times ? I wonder if so many people really are the victims of the system they live in . 
The sports posts are a touch ridiculous ... Ack ... wierd night ... 
A note to all of you . While at a hotel , as true as it is that the sound of a credit card clicking on the desk will summon the deskperson from the depths of wherever , doing so will also instill fantasies of your death in their mind for the remainder of your stay . If you , in fact , want good things to happen to you , for this person has the keys to where you sleep , then do not do this thing . 
Dear whoever you are : Why do you think it is okay to poop on the second floor stairwell in my hotel ? It's not nice . Furthermore its not nice to make us make someone else go clean it up . Also , why would you do this thing two weekends in a row ? Whoever you are , you are a strange and damaged person . I know you have hobbies , but why is this one of them ? 
I feel like I somehow proved the existence of evil to someone last night . Unintentionally ... Ah well . Got my working data set done ! Yay ! 
When I think about you I update myself .... oooh ooh ooh 
One should not be able to smell someones cologne 3 tables away . 
Alright ... Im over farmvile now . I hit the grind to 40 fast , and Im proud of what I've done ... kind of . 
Urban Dictionary game 
Man , there are days when mayo tastes way too damn good . Take this as you will . 
Oh , today there was a strange exchange . I ran into a man I've had a boy crush on forever at the gym . Usually when I see him he's touting ridiculously large weights and sweating with that perfectly colored skin , grunting away . Today , I caught him as he was walking out of womens aerobics . Our eyes met , and he looked at me as if to say ... \Crap ! \ " He seemed almost defeated somehow . Boy crush remains however . " 
My brain is completely shot right now . 
Went to Hell's Kitchen a couple nights ago . The crypt-like atmosphere felt like a warm blanket . So now , I have a gym , and a fav restaurant that fits my persona . All I need is an industrial condo and I'm all set . 
Tonight I got a lot done , and still Im going crazy . 40 minutes left till I bolt for home ! 
I need someone to touch inappropriately ... often ... for extended periods of time . 
Ack ... need motivation to complete this ordering interface . My mind is wandering to dangerous places . 
I had a very disturbing question answered today . One of those things where < PROPFEMALE > starts to take shape . Nothing I really didn't know already , just a firm confirmation of a task ahead of me . Man I hate it when the signs coallesce ... 
I need test subjects ... for something in particular ... nothing alarming mind you . Just something ... oh yeah and they need to not need to see for certain periods of time . Men only please ... preferably clean ones . 
Oh the irony ... I joined a mens group for relationship stuff and what not and it turns out im the 666th member . I am not joking about this . 
Ack .. okay now to get subforms working properly 
Man I am angry for some reason right now , not sure why . 
is getting better at this . MUCH better at this . 
Huh , survey says tomorrow Ill be betrayed somehow . Lovely , let's see if it happens . 
guh ... men . 
So ... here we are ... back at the grind . Thought I met a nice guy recently . Kinda seems like nothings going to come of it . Damn it ! 
item compiler almost finished ... need gayness soon in some fashion ... 
Something kawaii this way comes ... yes . 
I am over stimulated , severely overstimulated . Get the paddle ! 
My fascination with symbolic anima never seems to fail to interrupt my day somehow ... in a good way . I wonder sometimes how so many people can accept so little and think that existence is just peachy . I was approached by an < PROPMALE > and design professor at my gym today and she made some rather st < PROPMALE > ling commentary on my tattooing . I honestly think now I'm walking the direction I should be . 
For those who did not see the post ... an anagram for my name is CLASHING OVARIES . To battle ! 
The fog has come to my hotel again ... I can barely see into the parking lot now . This ... is my world . I feel so at ease right now . 
< PROPFEMALE > shuffles ; on into the endless night ; beneath my senses . 
I swear to Cthullu ... if someone pinches me because of the green thing ... BAM solid boot up the ass . 
I am currently playing with a folding cube , it never stops folding ! This is a hand orgasm in action . 
So , I finally have a multipurpose studio set up where I am far less limited in what Im capable of . Needs a few more things , but my tools are out of my apartment now . Now I can set up my apartment for Asian minimalism combined with photo studio elements . Woo ! 
Huh , it seems the book of face is getting better at picking out random guys I would find attractive in different states who have no relationship to me through anyone I know . Creepy ... 
Strength ... its a funny thing and never really found in forms you'd expect . Most people couldn't really identify it if they saw it , yet still < PROPFEMALE > the concept . Funny that . 
Tonight , something very special happened for me . I got to see a pair of eyes that legitimately trusted me in every way , and were strong for me as I needed them to . He is someone that I cannot say I know the future for , but this ... this was a moment where time ceased to be , and for one gleaming moment I felt whole again . With this , a poem : Divine eyes teary , with thoughts held only for me , and warm arms wanting . 
Wow my mood turned sour today in a hurry . I need some kind of stimulation . 
A butterfly kiss is apparently defined by an action of batting your eyelashes at someone . I don't agree . In my eyes a butterfly kiss is one just barely dropped on the lips or skin that has almost no weight and leaves an emotional < PROPFIRST > rather than a physical one . It should be a testament to the senses I think , and the skill of the person giving it . I had practice at this recently ... 
I realized today that my mother has learned the horrors of the poke button on facebook . I really do damn myself from time to time don't I ? 
Gah , my stress just spiked . Im not sure why . 
I got let down by someone Ive had an interest in for a long time in a civil and polite way , telling me he had a boyfriend . My feelings are A : I want him more now B : I find that it would have been easier to hate him C : I want to find out if the boyfriend locks his deadbolt at night and D: I dont know how to process being actually treated civilly in such circumstances . 
Today I ran into this dumb little hottie at the gym , he hit on me hardcore . Great body , but dumb as a rock , and I legitimately felt bored despite my best intentions . Turned out I was right to feel so , not ten minutes later I was privy to observe him feel up three guys in the steam room , openly ! I can't help but wonder what creepy crawlies that boy contains . 
I require silk , and a loom 
My wierdness is at an all time high right now . How do normal people stay sane ? I just don't get it . 
Can't tell I'm bored tonight ... 
< PROPFEMALE > Girls gone Wild . A frightening concept . 
Purity of mind , clarity of thought , honor in purpose . I need to remember this for the next few hours . 
My mother owes me 5.00 , < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > came out . 
I have an idea for a chainmaile pattern generator . I kind of have the urge to start writing it , or should I stay on course and finish designing the generator that will create the pattern for my awesome chaps . Im not sure ... 
Why do I get sudden urges to listen to \Stuck in the middle with you . \"?" 
Gotta get my groove on for today . So much to do ... 
There is so much I want to do ... So many thousands of ideas floating around . To anyone out there who wants to be a p < PROPMALE > of my design core , let me know . It can be a communal effort to a greater < PROPMALE > . 
I just saw the 3 dimensional rendering of the face or jesus christ taken from the Shroud of Turin . Interesting to say the very least . The whole carbon dating problem because of the medieval preservation problem aside , the only thing I could say to myself was \mortality realized . \"" 
I am at a coffee shop , and they are hanging the new artwork for the coming month . I believe what I am seeing is a zombified < PROPMALE > Knotts as one of the pieces . and then of course the standard < PROPFEMALE > Hepburn bit . < PROPFEMALE > , we love you , but people use your face from Breakfast at < PROPFEMALE>'s too much . 
Ive determined it , I know what I want my next tattoo set to be . 
I have a new love in life , its emailsfromcrazypeople.com just holy wow , you cant make some of that stuff up . 
Ah yes , religious imagery everywhere ... my birthday must be approaching . Last year was good ... lets hope this year maintains it . 
Ah crickets I have no one to go out with tonight .... everyone is busy and or sick 
So ... guess who got stuck with extra hours on his birthday ??!?!? That's right me ! one11 ! 
My life is strange . My birthday : Get up , database work , then work , night auditor comes in , I have to stay late . As Im leaving I get a text from someone who needs me . I head out , and I find out something about him that I never let myself believe there was a possibility of . I spend the rest of the night being drunk on his scent ... 
I walk deliberately , and without regret into fate's hand . In my effort I can say truly that I am , and abandon all that would have me gazing back . This night , a wicked man meets the coming dusk , and is loved for it . 
bad omens in the air today . 
So ... tonight .... There is a meeting where they were doing ultra sound product testing . As the man ( gorgeous ) running it went in and out , he kept progressively losing articles of clothing , down to a pair of running shorts . He has nice calves and thighs , and I suddenly realized which product they were testing . It was the warming contact lubricant .... Greatest . Meeting . Ever . 
Beyond dusk is < PROPFEMALE > , and the incarnations of . From what I am now , sightless of the past , it will burn me as the rising sun comes . Yet , I have no fear . If I endure , the night will come again , and I will meet the crescent < PROPFEMALE > with my head held high . 
I wish I had someone to spend nights with that didn't involve drinking . It's a sad thing that I've never had a study < PROPMALE > in the entire time I was in college , at least no one who could keep up anyway . Now I study on my own , and it seems no one else has an interest . 
What an off morning ... 
Reservations Set for IML 2010 :) Happy happy ! 
Why is it that whenever I travel , in my offtime all I do is watch Law and Order ? On that note : I'm not sure I feel < PROPMALE > Goldblum is appropriate for the show . 
I am ... in a very isolated place . My time here is making me think about things , about what and who I want . How and why I want to love . What motivates me , what sets me apart . I know there's no going back now , and quite frankly ... that's finally okay . 
I severely question the late night commercials of Illinois , 1800 gaylive on the spike network ? onlinebootycall.com on A&E inbetween a nonstop marathon of Law and Order ? Trojan vibrations on every channel Ive come across ? I am slightly undone . 
I'm starting to like Ugly Americans \Gay Pride is necessary because it keeps the power grid running . \ " HA ! " 
So , thank you < PROPMALE > ! < PROPMALE > took my measurements last night ! 3 sets of them ! I finally understand . For those interested , the scale runs from roughly 1 to 9 . My upper body ( Chest , shoulders and back ) is roughly a size 5 . In length my legs and lower body runs sizes 8 - 9 , and my hips , waist and seat follow a size 4 . So I'm diminutive , with a lot of length but I actually fall into the realm of regular proportion . 
Alright , I can do this . Tomorrow : Finish up the leg sleeve pattern bases and the base block for my design , and pick up enough leather for the harnessing so I can start cutting strap . Then I'll need to dye the leather , and form it properly in anticipation for Saturday , where Ill then go and buy the full hide for the finished piece assuming the proto goes well , then assemble the entire suit and wear it to the eagle 
by the gods I hate eating alone . 
The real burden of true freedom is deciding where you really want to go , and how you'd really like going about getting there without your limitations guiding the way . Someone special to me learned that tonight . 
Is heading to Wilde Roast to do some conceptual Stuff . Avoiding to database work today , not in the right mood for it . Someone come and join me ! 
Just an FYI everyone , if they made a skin app for Grindr that made it look like the radar from \Aliens\ " that had the vicinity beep I would walk out and buy one right now . I want to be able to walk into the Saloon and scream \ " Game over man ! Game over ! \"" 
Guh ... one of the men at my gym should have the guts to say hi to me . Yes I am aware you are blatantly staring at my nakedness , good for you . Now make a goddamn move ! 
I just had an idea born in the pits of hell . Step 1 : Teach < PROPFIRST > to type ... well . Step 2 : Start a blog of our banter . Brilliant ! 
Today has been far too stressful . Got to tell a beautiful guy just how beautiful he was , at least there's that ... 
I am having some difficulty . There are things I have , and I have them in spades , but , I always hesitate by at least one step to use them under the fear that I would drive away others . I want to want for me , I want to be able to firmly say I want something in particular , but ... to this point I still am only for others . How , my friends and loved ones , do you come to want for yourself ? 
Diving knowledge is a dangerous thing , and often requires a touch of madness to accomplish it . 
So comes another night of pain and binding ! Yay ! 
Pain session complete ! I learned quite a bit from this one . Woo ! Time to celebrate ! 
I often wonder ... When it comes for standing up for what's right , I'm right there , and I won't move from it until I know I've been strong for someone , even if they don't see me do it . Can others honestly say the same ? I would like to see it .... 
PRIDE = going into the sun and being stood up . Not good eh ? However , got great conversation at LUSH with a really nice guy . Too bad he's taken . 
know what's awesome ? < PROPFEMALE > Red grapefruit . So awesome ... 
Doing what's right blows ... more often than not . However , doing it is really all I can do , I don't have the advantage of losing myself to anger . I sometimes wish I did . 
I am so tired of being so fated like this ... 
having a tan is over-rated . 
Betrayal is a funny thing . Really causes you to wake up about some things . 
Given the < PROPMALE > to have one question , with no consequence intended on how you get to that answer , what would it be ? 
I'll make a recommendation to all of you . Go read jump42.net . The entire thing ... every strip in th archive . I think practically everyone I know would get something out of it . 
Warrior without a war to fight .... 
From now on we will not be using the phrase \The straw that broke the camels back . \ " From now on please use the phrase \ " The leopard that punched the monkey's junk . \ " -- Thank you " 
In need of a thinktank , a design based one . People who actually enjoy the idea of a form based culminated accomplishment . Stagnation is the enemy of the mind , transformation is divine , anyone game ? 
Its a damn good feeling when your leathers have to be taken out a click after an excursion at the gym 
I've had to explain this recently ... again , so to vent I'll post it here . There's a difference between mastery and doing something well . Doing something well means understanding the action's properties and knowing the task through and through . Mastery is making that task a defining attribute of you , and using it to accomplish the impossible as though you've done it a thousand times before . 
I am thinking I understand what builds a symbol now . Years of meditating have granted a touch of insight . Woo ! 
Had a wonderful philosophy session with a boy this evening . It feels good to teach again , and furthermore something I believe in , on my terms . 
I require a white room with walls made of dry erase markerboards , a large number of post-its , a cup of sharpie and board markers and a design team . Structure ... you elusive bastard ... I will hunt you down . 
I keep seeing you there , waiting for your savior to come . I want to offer , but it would never be what you'd expect . Do you accept me for what I am , what I choose to be ? Do you acknowledge my love for you , my endless faith in you ? Every morning sealed with a good bye kiss , and every night a longing embrace to show my heart is yours . 
This morning I woke up to a set of interesting thoughts . I can't put them to words , but things seem simpler now , and I think I was reminded of a few concepts that I forgot mattered at all . Now to rehydrate . 
To my friends , no I do not like the state fair , yes I know Ill be spending the week alone , no Im not planning on changing my mind anytime soon . Thank you . 
nerd = sexy I have determined in my own special way 
Some of you will understand this , a lot of you won't . Last night I fell into a waking dream state for an undisclosed reason ... and I switched , for the first time in several years . Thing is , good things came of it for once , and I felt that it was okay for once to let certain barriers down . Good < PROPFEMALE > wins ! 
I require flaming red and orange leaves , an apricot compote over a cinnamon cardamon waffle , a BIG blanket , and a certain someone to cuddle up with . It needs to be the heart of fall right now . 
ZOMG so happy right now . Just dropped off this boy who has this bizarre effect on me , making me feel like everything's okay . It drives me crazy when I think about him , and everything seems to be going well ! Also helps that he is uncanny in his beauty . Good < PROPFEMALE > FTW ! 
Alright , the rotating bucky ball interface on google is too much fun 
I can handle people talking about religion , as a matter of fact there are many very spiritual Christians I enjoy talking to on a regular basis . However , the table next to me is playing the Bible ideology to an almost cult like status . Im starting to sweat a little . 
I have a new understanding of where to chew and lick . Today is a good day . 
Omigosh , the last seven days have been bliss . Gah , < PROPFIRST > is too damn pretty . Going to take him out for sushi this weekend . Also , mother ... return my call . You're invited . 
a little sad right now . 
Tonight is gear night and the boy is going with me ! Yay ! Also , about to head out to dinner with mother , woohoo ! 
Dear guy at the gym , yes I can lift more than you , its called correct form . Maybe if you set your fragile ego aside for ten to fifteen seconds you might be able to focus on how your body functions and not damage it every time you pull that precious 25 lbs of nothing . 
A note to all of you . When arguing with someone , its usually a good tactic to offer to draw them a diagram . It infers they can't make proper mental connections . Lends very well towards a net win due to an emotional outburst from the opposing viewpoint . 
I have absolute causal knowledge of everything pork related . La Place's bacon demon ... what a bitch . 
I am such an unbelievable ass . 
Such a fascinating world this is , governed by the infinite freedom of form and natural alignment of its inhabitants . I wonder ... can I go further ? 
Going out with the boy tonight . Gonna be good times . I should invite < PROPMALE > ... 
.... screw this ! To Barnes and < PROPMALE > ! 
\Adults are just complicated children who owe money . \"" 
Guest of the night : Blaring about the slowness of the internet while forcefully pushing a bible at my face . Thought of the moment \Please stop pushing Jesus at me lest I beat you with the book in your hands . \"" 
Thats the seventh cab Ive sent to the airport in 5 days . Woo ! 
There is nothing left . 
I've had better nights than tonight ... 
The 1 thing I miss about certain friendships Ive had in the past is the duality of minds towards a given task . What I miss most is someone being able to think as a mirror to myself . It really is only then that I am able to accomplish WONDEROUS things . Those friendships always faded when life took its course , and by that I mean they gave in to expectation , abandoning potential for lesser , more acceptable pleasures . 
Dear guest who damaged my elevator , if I find you , I will end you . Thank you . 
Distracted by human endeavors ... unfortunate . 
It satisfies me greatly that we approaching the Hallow season , time to go over some old treasures that occur here for me . 
Mastery is a funny thing , it is beautiful to those to look upon it . But to experience it is to understand pain , fear and madness . I guess this is why I am starting to crack , I have a much better idea of how to bring my dreams alive :) 
My life is weird ! People call at strange times ! 
This morning's feed is filled with a lot of posts about the half-braindead christianists and how much they suck . I'll go ahead and say it now . The more you gripe the more power you give them . Prove your way of life is ' better ' by doing what is right . That is what these nuts believe they are doing , and the only thing we can do is show them that blind hatred is a convenience of a simple mind . 
By the gods someone practice their neural plasticity . I should know better than to overhear other peoples conversations . 
You ... internet ... entertain me . 
Yeah , so trying not to despair right now ... not very good at it . 
I think there is very little < PROPMALE > of finding someone who's not afraid to explore the possibilities of the mind at this point . 
You know what's fun ? Watching people who absolutely nothing about computers make hand motions to try to describe how to accomplish a task involving cut and paste . 
I would kill for intelligent conversation tonight . 
In case anyone was wondering , I will now , and always will fight for my people . A certain someone mentioned ' grace ' today in regards to recent events . My grace is in what my father taught me , that is ... the Way of the Warrior . My methods seem strange , and my approach is unorthodox , but always remember my intent is for the good of us all . 
Something's gotta give ... and sometime soon . Not sure what the stress will do to me if this keeps up . 
I knew there was a reason I came to Wilde , holy mother of eye candy ... this boy is distracting me ... 
So , as it turns out I already have a valid , usable customer entry form from when I first started this work . This is most surprising . 
I dream of damascus ... 
God these metal working techniques are so unbelievable . I want a full forge and I want to be working in precious metals again . silver shakudo fusion metals ? oh hell yes . Lapis lazuli inlays hot damn yes , and acid etched bladework ? Don't talk dirty to me ... 
In one of those rare moments where I let my mask down out of pure disdain for someone , in a very dark manner . I scared the shit out of the poor boy , to the level of shivers . Not a particularly fun feeling ... 
Listening to < PROPFEMALE > ODonnell burn at the stake trying to defend her personal claims . 
Alright , so more than once today Ive seen articles posted about the alphabet soup our people are lumped into , GLBT . I do not identify with lesbians , bisexuals , or the transgendered ; that is correct , but I do acknowledge that we share the same persecution , the same bashings , and the same history of denial of rights . 
This data construct is so damn irregular ... composed of ridiculous representations of formulas .... there has to be to regulate it in a linear form ... and don't anyone dare suggest fiber . 
Need to remind myself ... I have a backup plan for this ... do not go crazy < PROPMALE > ... 
Stop with the photo memories ... not something I wanna look back on in many cases 
thank you < PROPFIRST > Novy , I officially wont be able to get Beakers Ode to Joy out of my head for the next five hours . 
OMFG Tanpopo's is open ! I never realized they reopened ! and for dinner now ! 
You know what's not fun ? Redefining ArcCos and ArcSin in vba . Its functioning now , but due to double constrictions my measurements may be 1x10^-12 cm off . I feel so inaccurate . 
This is most interesting , I think I just met the person claiming my persona on Recon . I think I may know him 
I am in need of a playmate 
Ye dark gods I will never spawn children 
It's strange when they call out to me , they want me to do things that are impossible ... and I find myself so willing to oblige . 
* sigh * I kinda wish someone would invite me out to something once in a while . 
I often wonder if people really understand the disciplines they so claim . If it is a real discipline , you breathe through it , succumb to it , and bind it to your being . More often than not , when I see something in action , it is not a discpline , it is just a thing the person does . If you want to do the impossible , there is always personal sacrifice , but your purpose in an endeavor should be beyond all that . 
On the verge ... of something wonderful . Inspire me damnit ! 
Know what's paralyzing ? Sheer boredom 
not good , 2 am post of Dayton v Emmer 44% dayton 43% emmer , 15k vote trailing difference . 92% precinct reporting . 
Dayton took it by just shy of 10k votes . At least that's over with 
Alright so ... a rather brilliant blues piano player ( also cute ) has appeared at Dunn Brothers on Washington for no reason at all ... Sweet dark lords ... his playing is incredible . 
scratch that , blues was good , experimental BAD 
Debating ... basic 1 inch sub division 4 graph paper or < PROPMALE > standard note for formula scratch work . The graph paper imposes a rather uncomfortable kerning with my architects draftsman's writing , however much easier to troubleshoot . The < PROPMALE > allows for ease of mistakes , and has a tight fit to my handwriting ... Decisions decisions . 
Right now , Im doing formulaic work to try and calculate the dimensions of the perfect pair of pants . In my efforts , I realized that I had reached a point where I was carefully considering the dimensions of the male crotch ... and of course , being me ... the dirty mind kicked in and I giggled out loud , with people around me wondering what about . I just might lose it when I reach the backside . 
Yes you're pretty ... now show me strength ... if you can . Or did you miss the point this entire time ? Possibly ! 
Its still so foreign , that feeling of unshackling my mind to allow ideas to flow without defaulting to a former shame or fear of failure . Getting there , but still so strange purposely NOT remembering something that is otherwise used for survival purposes . 
I hope Im not right about what I think Im right about . 
I would kill for good conversation right now . 
People I know keep ending up with boyfriends . Where do gay people go exactly that isn't a bar or hookup site to make these things happen ? 
This perpetual boredom is driving me insane . I fucking hate Sundays so goddamn much . 
Come on brain , stop arguing with yourself . There's work to be done ! 
Dear brainless idiot at my front desk , I am not now , nor will I this evening magically pull a 5 < PROPFEMALE > restaurant that delivers out of my ass for you to order from . I do not control what exists in this neighborhood , and furthermore I will not pay for it . For further inquiries please go fuck yourself . 
Hey < PROPFEMALE > Palin , go fuck yourself . 
Phenominally hot guy in hotel ... Only saw him in his suit until just now . Black and and short running shorts . Apparently he's inked top to bottom . Right now Im staring at my key machine and wondering ... \Should I find out how far down the ink goes ? \"" 
Wherever you are out there , let me entrance you ... I can show you something amazing , but I need you to find me . 
I am finding I am enjoying damnyouautocorrect.com quite a bit 
today = good < PROPFEMALE > 
Oops ! Made an error , silly brain ... don't do that to people ... its not nice . 
Dear Access , stop moving my tables around in my relational schema whenever I edit them . Thank you . 
Ritual and Faith , Consumption and Honor , Illusion and Knowledge , Binding and < PROPFEMALE > , Pain and Penance ... Yeah that'll work well . 
I am becoming addicted to Infected Mushroom music big time . 
So ... who's going to IML with me 2011 . I know its 6 months off , but I want to make this trip extra special . Also note people , I work in hospitality . Ask < PROPMALE > , I get rooms dirt cheap . 
The key to defeating those who strike back at the good you do is to prepare for their actions , then attempt to nullify , not defeat , theirs . It then seems to the common man to be an action of good works rather than useless aggression . 
Yay ! Gateway 2 integrity check is a success , along with the Gatelock process ! Im a total nerd but yay ! 
. And now I can unlock the gate I just learned how to lock ! Glee ! 
We , you , us , them , other , and self ... within the unfettered minds eye there is only all . It is too convenient to draw a line between people , too simple to ignore another because of an assumed difference . These differences are fabrications ... symbols used to somehow draw purpose from an existential dillema of what to do when all sits before you in a state of equality ... 
I was trying to think of why I have so much anxiety sitting at Caribou Coffee ... Then I realized the true horror of it all ... there are Christmas REMIXES playing constantly . 
Change your FB profile picture to a cartoon from your childhood . The goal ? To not see a human face on FB till Monday , December 6th . Join the fight against child abuse , copy & paste to your status and invite your friends to do the same 
I can't help but feel that were in the feudal < PROPFEMALE > of the internet . The < PROPFEMALE > of technique and schools of idea placed against one another in a desp < PROPFEMALE > te kill or be killed by association of group identity . From which , moving on we will see the idea of empire become stronger . It's implications will be fascinating ! 
I learned today that a cute little ( 5'7 ? ) < PROPFEMALE > blond guy with puppy eyes wearing nothing more than a pair of cotton black yoga pants attracts my eye more than the over sexed muscle head desperately drying a hole through his crotch in hopes of getting my attention . Seriously ... it's in the eyes . If I don't see a softness there I really don't care . 
Thats right straight couple , a coffee shop currently filled with gay men want to see you make out on the couches . Heaven forbid we hold hands anywhere populated by straight people . 
being untamed is difficult somedays ... 
About 2 inches of madagascar vanilla bean , apple < PROPFEMALE > , clove , 100% pure apple cider with a 6 year whiskey . Awesome hot toddy for me tonight . 
There is only so much \reality\ " that the human brain can rationalize . " 
Vash'j island of cataclysm = every fucking < PROPFEMALE > water < PROPFEMALE > combines in sheer want of not doing it . 
December 11th , 2010 . Exactly four years ago my father passed from this life . I miss him dearly , but I don't miss the suffering he endured for so long . Rest in peace papa Gervais . 
the eerie quiet brought on by the snow + the new Daft Punk Tron soundtrack is an oddly good pair . 
Everything I do in life should be accented with an exclamation point . It would be the only way to adequately reflect the intensity of which I do things . 
Proof that if the wierd happens it happens to me . \ 
( Answers phone ): < greets guest > how can I direct your call ? \ 
( screaming ): YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS !!! \ 
Me : Okay ma'am , which room are you calling from ? \ 
Lady : 506\ 
Me : ma'am , we only have four floors . \ 
Lady : IM NOT IN YOUR HOTEL , IM IN A HAMPTON IN NORTH CAROLINA . \ 
Me : ... 
For your entertainment . \ 
On the twelfth day of Christmas , \ 
my hotel threw at me \ 
Twelve heaters failing , \ 
Eleven pipes leaking , \ 
Ten doors a slamming , \ 
Nine rooms with bed bugs , \ 
Eight credit cards declining , \ 
Seven keys not working , \ 
Six gypsies stealing , \ 
Five calls at once , \ 
Four prostitutes , \ 
Three cheating husbands , \ 
Two lying bosses , \ 
And a crappy Christmas tree ! 
This night keeps getting better ! \ 
2 males come to check in , Male 1 and Male 2\ 
Male 2 runs to park the car\ 
Me : Can I get you anything ? \ 
Male 1 : ( in gay ) Oh no Im just waiting for him . \ 
Me : Oh , alright\ 
about four minutes pass\ 
Me . Can I get your checkin started ? \ 
Male 2 starts walking in\ 
Male 1 : Oh no , Ill just wait for my ... brother . \ 
Male 2 : ( Disgusted ) Oh so were brothers now ?! \ 
Ha ! 
Due to circumstances beyond my control , today I have acquired a rather severe fetish for a cute boy in designer boots , namely the cute boy I had an awesome first date with , which was completely impromptu . The date was going spelndidly and then I looked back while getting us dessert , saw the boots on him , and swooned ... hardcore . This was a good day . 
Something's writhing inside . It's a bad omen when this happens . Part of me has predicted something for someone else that I'm not going to enjoy fixing . I think tonight I'm going to shelve myself away until I figure out what it is . 
A thought has occurred to me . I want to find a way to enter < PROPFIRST > Perkins ' dreams and convince him the homosexual populace uses the heterosexual dead as vessels for our fiendish plot of world domination . It isn't too much of a stretch from what he already believes , albeit this would be far more entertaining . 
So this lack of being included in anything holiday related for the last three years is starting to get to me . Im happy I get to be part of my family , and that I see them when I do , but being such an outsider all the time during this part of the year is catching up . 
Haha , arrow of regret , I love it ! 
The entirety of what I do , where I belong in this world , and what I am exists just beyond where people can see , just out of sight , just out of mind . Ah , it is to dream that I can show others what's beyond the veil . Yet ... I am learning the terrible cost that is imposed by doing as much to those ingrained in this reality . Heh , what a terribly sadistic and brilliant act it will be . 
Smart move , facebook smart move .. 
Tonight's task : finish formula editor . 
run thru of the test block complete now for some tweaking ... 
It feels good to be sitting at my drawing table again 
Time to descend to the dark place ... any takers ? ;) 
The hotel is way too empty right now 
Alright , I just finished writing ALL of my graphics methods for the generator . I like the new format a lot . I made them much more compatible with other applications . Now to back up my work . 
damn it being dumped sucks . at least this one had the good graces to fucking tell me 
alright , so enough ice and wind to rip a flag off a flagpole , good to know 
IF you want me to design something extra special just for you , dont expect me to just give it away . So sick of this crap , yes I will do commission work , but damn it some people just need their asses kicked to do their end ... namely money and consulting time . 
Holy crap the writer is coded ! Yay ! now to put it through a test run ! 
There is no getting around how well balanced I feel right now . 
So crisis averted , moms okay and resting now . Ugh ... this morning could not have gone worse . 
Do you ever sit waiting for someone , anyone to come find you just to know they think about you ? Just to know you are remembered ? I do . 
So ... time to use a rather neglected part of my mind for a while . Time for a more unhinged awareness of things for a few hours . 
I found my whip makers manuscript ! 
So ... Trying to do what normal people do . this thing you all call relaxing eludes my understanding . i feel so unengaged ... 
To those who should be concerned : My warnings and predictions are always accurate , I say this with a particular pride . I give you these warnings and predictions so you can avoid a particular problem that I forsee for you . I often do this because I care , but if you do not listen the only person to blame is yourself . 
I am finding a lot of articles on how we are all deeply ashamed of whoever has been speaking in a violent political tone lately . A lot of it I agree with , however , a lot of the framing only highlights the problem without providing an answer as to how we go about that . A commission of censorship ? Even if you villify one , what recourse do you have against any future figures ? What consequence would you put upon them ? 
According to my moral testing , I am apparently incredibly impure . Sanctity means nothing to me it seems . Well , to some extent no , sanctity means nothing , but in many respects I have a very twisted faith . 
Lots of lingering feelings just got resolved what a good day 
Civil rights should be a priority for everyone , and the objective of fairness should always be in play . However , the ultimate ideal of equality comes from accepting that you are not more or less than anyone . In a state of equality there is no new ideaology , without conflict there is no drive to do . For peace create a arena of conflict that serves all by its nature , where the strengths of the few can be appreciated 
guh , Facebook you make me angry . 
For those of you who knows what this means , right now , this very second Im plaining down the handle wood for Vajra 
The handle is carved and set for its tail . A touch thicker than I anticipated , should work fine though ! 
I found my chaps patterns ! 
I did something unspeakably evil , the spicy mocha at Caribou ? Yeah i had them convert it into a dark chocolate cooler . This is so sinfully evil ... 
< PROPMALE > Blackwelder Well thank you < PROPMALE > , now Im raping the replay button for Massive Attack videos . I took me an entire freaking year to do it last time . 
It's been a while since I've been shot down from asking someone out because of my religious convictions . Nostalgic this is , and slightly ironic considering my day . 
I found the d clips I want ! 
I really want to be listening to Lycaeon right now . 
By Cthullu , I am so mindlessly bored right now . 
Know what Im bad at ? STARTING relationships . Know what Im good at ? SUSTAINING them 
I probably couldnt feel more hurt right now . Why do I try to do good ? Why bother ? I spend my time protecting others , even when I dont have to . I go to extra efforts just to make sure someone feels loved , safe and happy , and what do I get in return ? I am left alone . I am omitted from people's lives because I am ' strange ' . Im not sure what Im headed toward with this ... but I know it can't go on . 
Considering what occurred last night , I think Im going to go sink into meditation for a few hours . There is nothing wrong here , everything is as it should be . The strong ones are standing , the weaker ones are on the floor . Certainyl nothing .... scary . 
If ... it is a feeling in everyone , then there is a way to speak to everyone . There is a method , there is an idea which can be given . Oh but the cost ... what is the cost ? All things sitting equal before me . All philosophies leading to a singular way to be . How to get there , how to get there ? 
Not sure what I should do tonight . Last night blew hardcore , anyone up for something fun ? 
Hmmm , I am in serious need of facetime with someone tonight . 
As long as we sit passive before objects , they are not distinguished out of the vague blur that swallows them all . - < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > 
Huh new inspiration ... Disciples garb : chattering skull . God if i could pull this one off ... 
I am always torn between my disdain for the treatment of educators , and the distinct incompetence I see in the teaching method from many OF the educators . 
Ah the lightless black of ink . Ive very much missed it 
I think when I travel Im going to pay people entirely in 2 dollar bills . Because that is what someone wanted to do this evening . 
Tonight is the big night i sew my now very expensive chaps together lets all pray i but everything right 
Awesome sauce news final assembly for the chaps is tomorrow ! whats more , the cut frames my butt perfectly 
So ... had the opportunity to take the easy way out on the chaps and save some time . then I thought about it , the bling bling is worth it 
something's off , can't slip into mindspace today . It's a very lingering subtlety that's preventing it . Can't pin it down , can't grasp it . I wonder why ... 
the chaps ... they fit perfectly ! I am a winner ! I am wearing a LOT of leather right now . 
Alright chap project is finished , time to do summary notes and then design out the next step , the matching manteel 
alright ... for the next project it doesnt look like there's a way around it . I need to finish my software generator testing .. * cries a little * 
Dear guy at the gym , yes you're pretty , no I'm not about to move just to let you shift a whole 35lbs . I have a 280 lb pec fly to do , and Im going to sit here until its done . - Thank you . 
Alright Minnesota peeps . I just booked my reservation at the host hotel for IML 2011 . This WILL happen . 
omfg ... I love anchovies so goddamn much ... 
you know , Im not exactly sure how Im supposed to get any bigger than I already am . I press more weight than most body builders with little to no fatigue . Guh , genetic limits suck 
Damn it im weird , im sitting here geeking out over a new line of apothecary bottles at target . 
Manteel strapping tonight . I hope I can pull off this pattern , Ive got the main core broken down to six segments , and thats still not enough to capture the shape I want to see . Gotta break the mould for this one . 
Related and please discuss : \ 
Dark < PROPFEMALE > Red strapping on Black Leather with gun metal black findings ( black stitch ) \ 
or \ 
Black Tooled strapping on Black Leather with high polish nickel steel findings ( white stitch) ? \ 
\ 
Im completely torn on this . 
I want to go play somewhere tonight ... 
alright internet , entertain me for the next 4 hours before my weekend begins . 
\Is your bedroom a loveless pit of despair ? Is your dating life an endless montage of humiliation and shame ? Does < PROPFIRST>'s Day make you want to throttle yourself with your own intestinal track ? Then sign up for [ Insert dating service here ] and feel like there's a sliver of hope for < PROPFIRST>'s Day now ! \ " this is EVERY ad thrown at me on FB lately . " 
I cant wait until my next encounter with a religious zealot . I have so much more ammunition now ... 
it is determined , going to Bubbles after this 
alright ... dark apron time . 
Reading about the zimbardo experiment , sadism is an artform , let the real self confessed sadists run the show and i promise a much cleaner discipline set 
Today has been an incredibly exhausting day emotionally . I was blamed for something horrible that I did not do , and I feel like my relationship was damaged with someone else as a result . Trying to slip into meditation today was a futile effort . I understand that people are always suspicious of my unerrvingly peaceful exterior , but really ... there's nothing I want save good for others . 
less than 6 lbs to go . 
what people consider public indecency is very strange 
Im in debate over what I should wear with my new gloves to leather night tomorrow . Gloves + full arm sleeves or gloves + thick and heavy gauntlets . 
Yess ... We cannot keep secretss for sshit ... 
I wanna make a fetish bar for nerds and call it the Wyrm Tunnel . 
What the hell is wrong with me right now , all I want to do is physical training ... 
Who wants to help me design a mesh body sock ?!?! 
Today can suck it , I will spend my entire night inspiring despair and loveless angst to destroy the mood everyone seems to be in . 
Every time I see someone putting on chapstick Im reminded of the Buffalo < PROPMALE > dance scene from Silence of the Lambs , I imagine that person as him 
Slightly disturbed right now ... I stumbled on to something during meditation today that hit me sideways . Associated feelings : abandonment , something's left me , something I know was the right time to discard , but at the same time I feel some kind of lament for its passing . 
The Secret Ingredient of the Old Coca Cola\ 
Orange oil 20 drops\ 
Lemon oil 30 drops\ 
Nutmeg oil 10 drops\ 
Coriander oil 5 drops\ 
Neroli oil ( wtf ?? ) 10 drops\ 
Cinnamon oil 10 drops\ 
Suspend in 8 oz alcohol and use 2 oz per 5 gals of syrup 
Tonight is not fun , thank you @ < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > for handling the . evils of this morning 
I would like a way to turn my droid into a < PROPFEMALE > floating obsidian obelisk that floats uncomfortably close to people I talk to , app ? Maybe ? 
You know , I love the disney classics ... sleeping beauty being one of them . But < PROPFEMALE > has some < PROPMALE > body issues . Her waist is barely thicker than her neck . 
On principle alone I hate glee so much . 
Goddamn it ... I want to thinktank it up with someone so bad ... There are so many ideas that could be birthed . 
I think I may have hurt something today in a way I did not intend . The last few weeks ... there has been a special someone that has made me very happy , but ... I constantly perceive a very deep sadness from within , regardless of how much he tries to cover it . I keep trying to open the door to wonderfully happy things , but in one way or another he keeps pushing me back . I'm not sure what to do . 
Right .. so there has to.be something unhealthy about this . Listening to music , checking fb feeds , playing bakery story and with a new workout app while doing abs 
40% of life downloaded into phone . Internet have at thee 
Okay ... I get to look forward to a mind racking evening . For the love of the dark one , please work . 
Alright , So I weigh 186 now . Almost there . 
I think Im starting to bore a hole in our AGM's mind , I find him checking around to see where I am if the office gets too quiet . Heh , the constant suspicion of why Im not making noise is actually entertaining . 
Which I like to call , < PROPFEMALE > obics . Because her name is < PROPFEMALE > ! 
I am relatively convinced that Bakery Story is a statement about American consumerism 
Ah ... Ash Wednesday tomorrow ... I knew there had to be a reason for my anxiety . 
Physically disturbed right now ... I do not . understand why I am put through such strange tests in life . I am still . thankful for the time I was allotted 
Today : < PROPMALE > , this is pain ... Pain , < PROPMALE > ... Oh hey you two know each other ?! So glad we could reacquaint you . 
Just got out of balance training . I think I've come to a point where I can forget what im doing while still doing it 
Guh ... having someone seek me out would be nice . Solitude really only goes so far . 
I have rediscovered Immanuel Kant , this feels quite good . 
so emotionally drained right now . 
Apprehension about something . Not sure what yet . 
184 ! so damn close ! 
Yay for cardio days . The creepers are getting a little angst at the gym now that its warm out 
Right ... okay . So I have a tool now to make blocking easier . Only took two and a half hours to build it , but it will probably save me forty or fifty ... 
There is nothing more damning than genius . 
BOOYEAH ! My blocking interface works ! I can produce a fully customized piece in one click ! Beta is for a complete piece is done ! 
Alright so ... if I have everything correct my plate entries for my 2 piece sleeve blocks should be good to go . Managed to eliminate the need for take 4 measurements by simulating a construct for the shoulder using the half back , chest and scye measurements taken from the core . This will make life much easier . 
and now ... Im at a loss of what to do ... goddamn it I dont want to spend my saturday doing nothing but constructs . 
ye gods I feel like crap . 
For some reason ... the Korobushka hits the spot today . 
I have discovered my new nightmare . Collars . 
Ah there we go . Everything I own for 30 minutes on higher heat . I've reclaimed the gay fit I so enjoy in everything I wear . 
right so collars ... apparently the extension from the breakaway point on the pattern block becomes the z axis when it enters the collar pattern for proper alignment . for particularly high breakway points a larger standing axis should be used ... but hell ... at least I know how to process the theta configurations now . Accomplishment ! 
