Officially setting up the reef tank . This thing is gonna be sickkkk ... Also , my neighbor ironically and very luckily has a reverse osmosis and de-ionizer unit installed into his house , so I save $250 and don't have to buy my own . I can now get pure water for free whenever I want to . 

Ugh .... It's not crack , but it's just as expensive and addicting ! Looks like I'm gonna have to buy a water filter after all . Lights are gonna be a few hundred extra , I'm gonna need a couple hundred for a skimmer .... might as well spend a half K on a controller . Ah ... but what if I wanna put a sump under the tank ... Hmm ... yeah , I'll just sell my stuff for money . That'll work ... Huh ? I have an essay due tomorrow ? 
\How much longer is this going to take ? \ " \ 
Just added a ton of photos ..... those were fun picking through ... 
If I don't get on facebook tomorrow , it's because I broke my brother . 
... I think I lost my schedule 
I have now made it my quest to invalidate anything that I feel others follow and see fit , to take humanity , turn it inside out , and leave its rotting core in the open . I will shatter ancient maxims and make supposed geniuses appear stupid in my wake . 
The Most Beautiful Girl I've ever seen ... 
Would you risk everything you had for a person ? Would you make the ultimate sacrifice if you could ...? 
What should I do now ? \ 
If I sit back and wait , it might just turn out to be too late . \ 
But if I'm too early , it might fail and turn out a disaster ..... 
Heh . They should totally rename high school football games . People were just starting fights for the heck of it . I felt terrible though . I was probably the shortest kid there , and I only knew a few people , and I looked out for them . Intently . Despite looking terrible , feeling terrible , and being trampled on , I think it was worth it :) 
\The only test you truly can't study for is Divine Judgment . Live your life with no regrets\ " -Myself " 
Only one thing Matters now . 
Ha Ha !!! I laugh at all you people that play COD and have Xboxes ... 
How do you let someone know ... that you're dying inside ...? 
Awh ... I really don't know how it could get any worse for me :P I'm getting laid off from my job , the people I care most about won't talk to me ... I wonder what comes next ? :D 
Oh dear God I hope you're not talking about me ... 
Failed that AP Euro test . I'm pretty sure I did . I never expected to have to take school seriously and STUDY ! I'm probably the only one who doesn't study for anything in my classes , and I'm gonna have to if I don't wanna fail . 
The World That Was Transparent ..... 
If I ever get a Fennec ... :3 
Confused ... What have I\ 
done wrong ? What have I done AT ALL !?! I can't even live life honestly \ 
because I'm holding in all this emotion , all this hurt . My mask is \ 
broken . I can't hide it anymore . I just wish SOMEBODY would tell me what\ 
I've done wrong . Is love really that bad a sin ...? 
Game tonight ... 
That game was a COMPLETE waste of 4 hours ... 
Most people say love is like a double-edged sword . My love is a single-edged sword , but like an idiot , I always have the sharp edge pointed toward myself ... 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISz_M_tIT4s&feature=channel&fmt=22 
Man I don't even know what to put here anymore ... 
Yeah , I'm almost thinking about not going to TBS tomorrow . 
Wow . Mr. Stallings basically explained my entire life story , and he expects me to be able to just walk away from the problem ... I can't . I'm not ... strong enough . 
I won't walk away . For ten months ... For almost ten months I've pretty much dedicated my life for this . What does it all count for if I just turn around and leave ? As much as I try , I can't live life without thinking about her . It's like trying to wipe away paint with an eraser . Go ahead and try . Tell me how it works out for you . 
You know what ? I get it . I have for weeks . You don't like me . I just don't know why you couldn't tell me that instead of leaving me scratching my head in depression about why you ignore me . For ten months I've held everything in , and it took me just that long to realize what a waste it all was . I'm just done crying about what wasn't meant to be . I know I have to move on . But know this ... I will always love you . 
Totally thinking about changing my < PROPMALE > to programming or computer science . Or if I get to year two in culinary , I'll just have a double < PROPMALE > . 
Yeah , Forget Culinary . I'm going to be a computer geek when I grow up :P 
I puked my guts out on the bus and missed school . I feel terrible for the guys who sat around me . The worst part is probably going to be making up a test and several quizzes , and now I'm essentially two days behind in Algebra 2 because I was taken out early on Wednesday ... School's gonna be fun tomorrow . 
Ok . Yeah , that's really awesome guys ... Ignore all my messages and stuff . My gosh it feels like freaking < PROPFEMALE > vu all over again , except this time it's with EVERYBODY ELSE . 
And so I can conclude from experience that formspring is an evil place . Be careful about what goes up there . It could really mess with people ... 
Someday .... 
Won't be on the computer again until Friday night . 
I'm not afraid anymore . I've been through too much to be afraid . I really don't care if the whole world knows . For all the time I've lost that I should have put into school or my friends , I really don't care what I lose now ; I'm on a suicide mission . What's left to lose anyway ? 
Everytime I feel like I've resolved a problem , it just goes and blows up in my face again . Maybe I should aim for something with stability , like becoming a Zen Master or whatever . 
Everywhere I turn there's some kind of problem . When I turn away from one , another one just runs up and punches me in the face . I wish I could just close my eyes and make them all go away ... 
Fair was alright . Couldn't have been any better though . 
I'm done . I can't take it anymore . I just wanted to be your friend and somehow that makes me a stalker . My most personal feelings are a joke . Gosh you won't even look at me . What happened ? You laugh at me , and I'm struggling to figure out why . I'll never understand why you hate me so much because people are too busy laughing to tell me why . I just can't wait until the day your name puts a smile on my face ... 
I stayed awake thinking about you more than I slept . When I did sleep , I dreamt about you . When I dazed off at school , you were always on my mind . I wanted you , and only you . You were the world to me . I'd have given up everything for you , even life itself . Too bad it's taken me ten months just to realize you want nothing to do with me . I'm sorry , < PROPFEMALE > . Good luck finding another guy who loves you as much as I did . 
I have finally realized what is truly imporant in life . Mr. Stallings , it may have taken a while , but you have showed me the love of God , the only love I will ever need , and I have you to thank for that . God has given me the strength to break free of that which restrained me ; I can now enjoy my life the way it was meant to be † 
New Kicks :D 
????????????????????????? 
For the first time in literally months , I feel great . Skullcandy screwed up my headphone order , so they're sending it to me along with a whole bunch of other free stuff with first class shipping . I also got an 89 on an Algebra 2 test that almost everybody else failed . Yeah , I guess I could say I'm doing alright :P 
I am never eating THAT again . I don't know what it was , or when I ate it , but I know I'm never eating it again >.< 
843-801-2705 , same number as before . It's about time I got a new phone -.- 
Happy Thanksgiving everybody :D 
Science ... Just man's way of understanding how God works . Maybe that's why I like it so much :D 
Well this sucks ... 
Without God , man would destroy himself . For this reason , God instilled intelligence upon a select few to see that this does not happen . In return , the devil unleashed ignorance upon the world to balance this . Without intelligence , man then becomes primal . Without ignorance , man then becomes enlightened ; without man , however , the two create evil . 
Mr. Stallings has highlighted the most important issue in my life . I would rather be shot , stabbed , punched , and beaten rather than somebody I care about hurt me with words . However , even more painful than words is a lack of them ; silence is the most painful thing I can think of . If you didn't know you were killing me inside , now you know . You know my weakness ; please don't abuse it . 
Sick night with < PROPFIRST > McGregor . You're welcome back anytime , man . 
Question for anybody who cares to answer ... What are the best headphones ? 
Finally ... finished ... with the project ... O.o 
ugh ... -.- It's a vicious cycle , and it's happening all over again . 
stuck on another bus ... That's cool . I'll just sit here while nobody talks to me . Then I'll get home and ... probably do nothing . 
Time ... That final , ethereal dimension ... Time stops for nothing and nobody . I am no exception . I have often fallen victim to the wrath of Time , trapped within my own mind , exploring the errors of the universe ; these expeditions bred cynicism , and while I dwelled upon my own misery , that unforgivable temporal dimension continued to flow . I am now left ... With a terrible abyss ... that only somebody beautiful can fill . 
Tomorrow's gonna be funnnn . An AP Euro test followed immediately after by an Algebra II test ... Oh yeah . Sometimes I miss being a freshman -.- 
... The break is here , but what good is it all if the one thing I truly want for Christmas ... I can never have ...? 
Yesterday ... probably could not have gotten any worse . The tea was the most embarassing thing I have EVER done . We walked around aimlessly for the following four hours , then when we finally got home , I tried to sleep but I couldn't . I've basically been laying in bed for 18 hours . Then my dad came in and said we were all going to < PROPFEMALE > ... What fun . 
And ... I'm in < PROPFEMALE > . 
I'm back ! From ... < PROPFEMALE > . Ah nobody cares I was gone anyway ... :( 
I wonder .... What my parents are gonna get me for Christmas if I haven't really asked for anything yet . 
Happy Birthday , Jesus ! 
Worst Christmas ever ? Yeah I think so . 
And to finish my lovely Christmas holiday , I got sick for 4 hours and then threw up all over the bathroom . I spent about 22 hours in bed yesterday and I can't get out of it now . I'm sooo sore ... 
Easily ... The most awesome place I've ever been . 
Ohhh .... the haircut . I literally lost pounds of hair . It's gonna take a while to get used to this one ... 
I'm narrowing down my equipment options , and the total cost of it all . I'm going to need to drill my tank with a holesaw though if I want to set up a sump , which I'm gonna have to make completely by hand . To cover costs though , I'm selling anything I can get my hands on . This includes my video games .... However , if anybody wants to make an offer on them , tell me . I have friend discounts :D 
I just want to stop and forget it\ 
I don't want to imagine or feel it\ 
I just want to heal this broken heart of mine \ 
\ 
After my voice was swallowed up by the angry wind\ 
Something else emerged from my fears\ 
Can’t you remember it ? That sky of tears ... \ 
Before I am crushed by this mighty world\ 
I just want to say one thing- \ 
Don’t ever look at me again and think that it doesn’t sting\ 
Your pain is always with you . 
Algebra 2H test Tuesday ... This is by far the scariest thing I've faced all year ; even more intimidating than the Newspaper , the Position Paper , and the satire . I've really got my hands tied on this one . I'm gonna be studying all day and all night just to even pass this thing . Wish me luck , guys . 
Studying for the Algebra 2H exam of death ... Feel free to distract me by texting me :D 
Fastest animal in the Animal Kingdom : the Peregrine Falcon , capable of speeds of over 200 mph . And I though foxes were cool :P 
This is embarrassing ; I need my permit . I need a new profile pic too ... 
Oh , and I have some turtles that need a new home . I did my best with what I was given , so they're not in the best of shape . That's why they need a new owner to love them . I have 80 or so pictures of them laying around in my photos . Please help them find a better home :D 
Even broken clocks can tell the right time ... 
Undeniably smitten ? 
If only I could fast-forward to tomorrow ... It's been eating me alive since Sunday- I'll never make it . 
I try to drown my troubles in music , but they're awfully good swimmers and the songs aren't nearly deep enough . 
Again I am presented with a problem I have no control over ... All I can do is think about it . For me , it's just another test to see how long it takes for me to crack . 
And just like that , i'm on my own , like an eagle flying through a < PROPFIRST > . I can't give up . Though the path to the calm sea I search for is littered with bleeding winds and lightning , the serenity of the lagoon calls louder than the thunderheads . After all , what can quiet love ? 
I'm like a fox ; unlike most people , the longer I wait , the surer I am about something . 
Waiting !... Probably all I'm gonna do this weekend . Ah well , at least the week ends on a happy note :P 
I ... just had the best dream ever about the most beautiful person ever . I just hope it all comes true . 
I've found something .... brighter than the sun :) 
Tomorrow's a beautiful new day . I opened a 41 oz . bag of skittles after dinner . I'm getting eight hours of sleep tonight , twice more than yesterday's four . I may have failed that AP test by not studying , but I also might not have :D For once in literally an entire year , I feel optimism , and it feels wonderful . As of today , I strike down any cynicism that dares enter my path !!! 
Now hopefully , I can finally do it before next week . I refuse to wait another weekend :D 
You have to take the initiative ! The things you want done most ... they're not going to do themselves ! Go not where life takes you , but where you take your life . Seize what can be taken , because the regret of not doing something is far worse than the pain of failure . How will you know you didn't succeed until you try ? :D 
Oh wow ... that's the last time I taste the rainbow for a while ... 
Well , I played some video games last night for the first time in probably a month , and it just wasn't as fun as it used to be . Guess I've found better things to do . 
Pumped for Superbowl Sunday ! Even though all I'm gonna do is watch the commercials and stuff my face with food , at least it will make up for the terrible weather from yesterday . I mean seriously , why does the good weather have to be when we're inside all day ... 
Green Bay ! Takin ' care of business ! :D 
The Green Bay Packers ... Have won the Super Bowl ! Boo-yah ! 
Everything's great . Only one thing in the entire world could possibly make life any better ? 
I think I might stay home tomorrow . I may have caught something , the likes of which my immune system has not yet seen . If I really am sick , this will be the first time in a couple years . 
My antibodies ... they're like little ninjas : they killed off whatever I had overnight . However , they can't do squat about this massive headache from getting my braces repositioned . Seriously , people I don't know are being payed thousands of dollars to put metal in my mouth ; can't they at least make it hurt a little less ? 
SI Oyster Roast 
Explain to me this happiness , this amazing feeling , \ 
So unfounded by reason , but perfect in meaning . \ 
Why it messes with my head and plays with my mind , \ 
Why it teases my soul and makes me blind . \ 
It’s cold like the < PROPFEMALE > , and lighter than none , \ 
Yet Brighter than the stars and warmer than the sun . \ 
The greatest thing I’ve ever felt , this wonderful mystery \ 
What is this beautiful thing , glowing inside of me ? 
... It's amazing how quickly things can just completely turn on their heads . Yesterday I was the happiest and most hopeful guy in the world . Right now you can't POSSIBLY bring me lower . Why is a single sentence allowed to have this much power ... 
Went to bed at 7 yesterday and got up at 10 today . Got a bunch of new clothes and bought a $400 watch . Shadowed with awesome people at an awesome restaurant and stuffed my face with great food all day ... Today could have been awesome if yesterday never happened . 
Fog's rolling in ... 
That terrible , salty taste ... I'm finally beginning to grasp it , the irony of it all ... 
Tests in each class today ... Oh yeah . At least i'm getting my watch fixed today . This weekend doesn't look that bad either . 
Haha , great ... Those jewlers can't even figure out how the links unscrew on my watch ... And that will be the perfect ending to my awesome day -.- 
Beautiful weather , brilliant Sun . Just walked all over the beach , now I'm sitting back with some chips and salsa , enjoying the weather the best I can by myself . 
Weekend's thrashed . No bowling tonight either . On top of that , there's gonna beautiful weather , and now I got nobody to share it with . What should I do with all this free time ! Also , thank you Sullivan McElveen and < PROPFEMALE > Southern for coming on Sullivan's Island and not telling me :) 
Saturday BETTER make up for the crapiness of the weather today and tomorrow . 
Reality is like a wall ! You can choose to ignore it all you want , but in the end , it's still there , it's VERY painful to walk into , and it ain't going nowhere , no matter what you do ! 
... This weekend's more ruined than the last one . The weather tomorrow is going to be amazing , but I've talked to probably six people and everybody seems to be busy , so I will be spending it alone . On top of that , I left my Culinary Arts uniform in 4th block today so I can't go to the Chef's Feast on Sunday ! I wish I could just go to sleep right now , and wake up Monday morning and go to school ... 
My weekend is salvaged !!! I got my uniform ! See you guys at the Chef's Feast !! 
... Why . Why are my most personal secrets , the things I've done that are most important to me ... Why is something that only a few people should know about floating around like dust in the wind , like anybody's business ? 
Dude . Possibly the best night Ive ever had . Sullivan McElveen , Elisabeth Gevers , Chandler Hulsey , Brittney Jamison , Daniel Comen and < PROPFIRST > Reilly . If I didnt tag you , its not because I forgot , Its because I dont care . Ate the best food , < PROPMALE > with the coolest peeps , and cruised down the highway at 80 blasting tunes . Oh Yeah !! 
You are you , for sure you are the one . \ 
You’re amazing , no less brighter than the sun . \ 
There’s been none like you before and never will there be . \ 
So don’t don’t wilt , my lone flower . \ 
There’s no substitute anywhere , there is none . \ 
Up until now , from now on , and beyond \ 
Please don’t fade , my one , my only flower . 
Alright guys ! I'm an official beta tester for Firefox 4 !!! 
New watch , new hats , new glasses , new shoes , new belts , my permit , and a bunch of new clothes .... You may as well give me a pile of dirt , cause there's only one thing I want and all this stuff is meaningless . 
Sysco food show with < PROPFIRST > Bagley , < PROPFIRST > Byrd , < PROPFIRST > Bennet , Sullivan McElveen , Chandler Hulsey , < PROPFEMALE > < PROPMALE > , & < PROPFEMALE > Gevers . Wierd mushrooms , strange fat guys with all purpose cleaner , Gum that tasted like perfume , and so much food that I could hardly eat dinner 4 hours later . I took all those pictures too . 
Blue . 
Up on Melancholy Hill\ 
There's a plastic tree\ 
Are you here with me ? \ 
Just looking out out on the day of another dream ... \ 
Well you can't get what you want , but you can get me\ 
So let's up and see\ 
' Cause you are my medicine when you're close to me ... when you're close to me 
Dude !!! Ok , nobody lives on Sullivan's island , and there's nothing to do . If you're gonna be on the island this weekend , pleeease tell me so we can chill ! 
Fail of the day : Almost hit a biker who was wearing a reflective vest . 
Ugh ... bite me . 
It's midnight . It's pitch black outside , and the light still burns . I can hear through the walls . It can't get any quieter ; it's still too loud . I've thought all these same thoughts over in my head a thousand times , and I never get anywhere ; I can't make sense of it . It hurts . I hate this ... 
It's always with me . That fatal , damning piece of paper ... I don't need it to remind myself how , not for the first time , my life was turned completely on its head . It must be my fault , then . After all , it's not the first time I've aimed higher than I can reach , like a kid with a slingshot trying to hit the stars . After a month with nothing to move on to , what the hell am I supposed to be doing ? 
Let's go back . I want to start over , all the way from the beginning . If I could remember just one thing , it would be all the mistakes I've made . That way I would make sure I never messed up . Of course that's not possible , though . If I can't solve my problems and I can't erase them from happening , what should I do ? 
Don't know when or who with : just know I'm showing up at IOP tomorrow and walking around . I'm sick of SI . Nobody comes there . 
On IOP ! 
What a unique experience , and an almost complete waste of 6 hours . The only things I got out of that was some sun , $14 , and some foot pain . Walking from IOP all the way to my house sure was different . 
It's not like I don't know you anymore , it's like I never knew you in the first place . I just can't make the tiniest bit of sense out of you . There are so many questions I have that start with ' why ' . I thought and thought until it finally dawned on me that it's no use trying to answer them by myself . Who ... are you ? 
Ok , either my phone is retarded , or something else is up . I'm hoping it's the former , but I don't know for sure and it's REALLY ticking me off . 
Fleeing from something I can't escape , chasing something I'll never reach ... Forwards , backwards , no matter which direction I take , I can't make it . \ 
End it . I can't take it anymore . That goofy kid you used to know died . My mask is broken . 
If I could run , I would make it\ 
If I could fly , I’d never come back\ 
I aimed for those white , white clouds\ 
If I break through , I know I’ll make it , \ 
Break through to that blue , blue sky 
I'm confused . The weather in Charleston has turned to crap . I don't care how cold it gets , I am NOT wearing pants . I thought I was gonna take it easy next year , but I guess not . Mr. Crosswell hunted me down today in class and found out I was taking prob and stats next year . He made me sign up for honors pre cal ... This is dumb . I wanted to try all CP but I guess it's all honors next year instead ... 
What kind of messed up world do we live in ... I look around me and see a pothead in front of me , a cokehead beside me , and a drunk behind me . We are all self-deluded that because we want something , we will get it . Not the case . And when we don't get it ... Look what we do to ourselves . I wonder everyday how i'm not one of those people . 
Nothing's changed . After all that's happened , everything still feels the same . I hate this ... 
