I got accepted to the University of Wisconsin in < PROPFEMALE > ! Yay ! 

too many thoughts at once ... 
just went to a funeral ... i cried so much ... 
leaving tomorrow , won't get back until the 15th of next month , I will have no internet or free time to respond so i will not be responding to anything until i get back 
I'm finally back ! 
off to New Mexico ! how fun ! 
my astronomy group ditched ... now i have to do it all by myself 
today was not a good day , hopefully it will end well 
We won our soccer game 4-0 and I scored two goals ! 
only two more college apps ! and only two more weeks of school ! 
I got accepted to UNM ! ( Univeristy of New Mexico , in Albuqueruqe ) Yay ! 
I curse this neck of mine . I think I pinched a nerve or something in my neck , anyway , I can't move or turn my neck so I can't even bike to school because I can't turn to look for cars . But I'm coming block day even if it kills me , or my neck . 
Maui .... Hawai'i ..... YAY ! 
Prom ! 
Holy shift , look at that asymptote on that mother function ! :) 
I never knew that just one conversation could make me so close to someone . 
Graduating on Thursday at 4pm . Can't wait ! 
Going out of town for 4 days to my Grandma's for 4th of July . Yay ! 
I think Facebook hates me . I can't upload photos- only one at a time . Does anyone else have troubles uploading photos with this \new and improved\ " Facebook or is it just out to get me ? " 
Cass got Nersesian for Chemistry .... I feel so sorry and so happy at the same time . 
http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.com/2010/04/alot-is-better-than-you-at-everything.html 
The day before I leave for college 2000 < PROPMALE > away I get a letter for jury duty . I selected the option that I would be more than 80 < PROPMALE > away . I thought what nice timing these people have , not only on the day but also it's not even five months after I turned 18 . 
All moved into my dorm room ! A new life begins ! =) 
I start school tomorrow- now I am second guessing why I signed up for a 7:45 class ... 
Is there some reason why I would show up to an English discussion with two other people ? Am I missing something here ? 
I got up today and saw a squirrel outside my window . Wait , a squirrel ?! This is the tenth floor ! It's a super squirrel because it just climbed up the wall about 6 stories ! 
Watching my football team on t.v. and eating popcorn ... today is a good day . 
Have a bad cold , don't even want to leave the room today ... 
My morning sucked but at least I made up for it by taking a nap . 
Someone burnt popcorn on our floor , so the fire alarm went off .... that was fun .... 
Only one class today at 12 , I love Wednesdays . 
Obama is coming today ! 
I feel like banging my head against a wall ... I hate writing essays . >_< 
Everyone is going home for the weekend except me ! 
Homecoming game , already winning 14-0 at the end of the first quarter . 
I have spent over 16 hours in the last three days studying for today's test . I think I deserve 1 hour before the test to completely do nothing . 
\Like\ " my status and i'll tell you : 1 . Something ive learned about you \ 
I just lost the game . 
Rain + Wind = 1/2(wet pants ) 
Don't you just love having to go outside for a fire alarm in your pajamas ? Especially when it's cold and < PROPFEMALE > ? 
I <3 my friends ! 
Bleh . 
I bought a giant cookie to celebrate the total burnout of my mind from my second calc 2 midterm . 
96 on my test ! XD 
SNOW ! 
Change your facebook profile picture to a cartoon character from your childhood and invite your friends to do the same . Until Monday , Dec 6th of 2010 , there should be no human faces on facebook , but an invasion of memories ! This is for a campaign against violence on children . 
I hate the remainder theorem . 
A fortune for my friend , \Hope for the best but prepare for the worst . \ " \ 
Finally home ! After 12 hours of being on a plane or at an airport I finally made it home at 12:45 in the morning . 
Bring on the Rosebowl ! Go UW ! 
First day of class ... >_< I wanna go back to bed ! 
Gonna be cold tomorrow . Bring it on ! 
SNOW DAY !!!! NO SCHOOL !!! 
Someone tell me why I have to evacuate and walk down ten flights of stairs to the cold , < PROPFEMALE > , and snowy night at 10 just because someone burned some popcorn . 
Insane snowball fight in epic proportions . 
Just found $40 in my purse . My day is now so much better . 
Woo ! Go Packers ! 
What a crazy day . First the bus doesn't show up , then the taxi cab doesn't show up , and it takes me three hours to get home instead of 45 minutes . 
Sore throat ... this means I'm coming down with something ... 
I <3 my besties ! 
Had a great , relaxing weekend . But now the homework has piled up ! T_T 
I hate when I'm bored but I still don't want to do my homework . 
Spring break here I come ! 
Thunderstorm coming my way ! 
WAY too many things to do . 
I'm in such a hurry that I'm in a hurry to be in a hurry . This is way too stressful ; I'm on a thin line between panicking and gutting it out . 
WHY do I have a midterm on my birthday ? Just for that , I'm gonna ace it so hard that it will wish it was never on my birthday . 
Please tell me it is NOT snowing right now ... 
I HATE MONDAYS . 
