Tierd and need a nap !!! 

Sooooo tierd after staying up all night with a sick baby !!! 
Whats on my mind ??? I wish I could sleep for a whole night and not wake up . Just one night would get me back to normal !! 
Cooking dinner and ready for bed ! 
Getting ready to cook spaghetti and garlic bread !! YUMMY !!! :) 
I'm ready to go to bed already . Not sleeping that good since last Tuesday night ! 
Need to make lunch for the brats and get them down for a nap so I can take one !!! 
I'm up now and need to find something for dinner ! I need to go get diapers too ! 
Need to type 2 short essays for a job .... I thought I was out of school ?? 
Tierd and a little burned after playing at the beach today !! The kids loved it and Caleigh got a face full of sand 2 times !!! Poor baby ! 
Tired and need to go eat . Good night everyone on facebook . Luv u all ! 
Soooo , if its not one thing its another !!! Caleigh is teething < PROPMALE > , Connor is sick with some virus I'm thinking , any thing else ??? Bright side-job is looking up on the bright side . I will be getting a call for an interview !! Yeah me ! 
Job interview on Friday ! Soooo excited ! 
I am excited for my interview tomorrow and nervous at the same time ! Everybody wish me good luck cause I'm gonna need it !!! 
Whats wrong with me that I cant get a job ?? Just got the email saying Thanks for my time but they wont be needing me tcontinue with the interview process !! WTF ???? 
I am going to be optimistic . I need to find a job and I am good enough for a good job , so therefor I will get a good job !! 
Im just sitting here on the couch playing on the computer drinking a bottle of bomb ass wine !!! Feelin happy ! 
Just getting ready to go to bed !! Things are going good , but I still need a job !! 
Tierd and dealing with a diva who is crawling , teething , and wants to be able to see me ALL the time !!! 
So totally can not wait for New < PROPFEMALE > to come out in November !!! I need to read the book again though cause I need a refresher !!! 
Whats on my mind ??? HMMMM ..... maybe a nap !?!? Just have to get Caleigh to take one and Ill be good !! 
Well , I need a job and to win the lotto !!! Donations work too !!! LOL 
Wow its been a long time ! Looking for a job sucks ass !!! 
Yeah , finally picked up layaway .... Now to wrap all the crap !! 
well , took the test for the Hospital Police at ASH looney bin yesterday and I think it went well ! So excited !!! 
Well , still waiting to find out the results from my test ! They need to hurry the hell up with all that , I'm going crazy !! I hate waiting !! 
Added new pics for < PROPMALE > who want to see updated pics of the kids ! Still waiting for a response from the test . Starting to not be patient !!! 
For the Twilight freaks like me , New < PROPFEMALE > comes to DVD around March 20th and Eclipse comes out July 30th ! Yeah !!! Cant wait ! 
Well , I scored 94 on the test and am ranked 4th so when there is a position open and the 3 jerks in front of me dont get the job , I will get my < PROPMALE > ! Also , another interview that I had and didnt get the job ..... WHAT A FREAKIN SUPRISE !!!!!! SO PISSED . 
Its finally the weekend ! Yeah , my JUJU is comming to see me !!! Going to have some fun ! Its been so long since I have seen her ! Going to have some mudslides ! YUMMY !!!!! 
I miss my Juju ! Have a headache , going to be up late cause baby girl bumped her head and I need to stay up and keep an eye on her ! Shes not going to be a happy camper with me waking her up all night !!! 
So tired , getting ready to go to bed ! Great getting to see some people that I have not seen since like 8th grade , now my friends on facebook !! YAY !! Going to bed now , a little delirious from lack of sleep ! 
So , not so happy with how this last year flew by ... can't believe Caliegh is going to be 1 in a few weeks !!! :( Not to happy that I'm going to be 30 either . It still seems like I should only be 21 ( but not pregnant this time ! ) !!!!! 
Well , I guess I need to go to bed !! 1 load of laundry left to do , need to get ready this weekend for camping next weekend , need to go to Target to get stuff I forget every time I go there ..... its an ongoing problem . I get there and I forget everything !!! 
Too tierd for a Friday .... guess i'll have to drink some MUDSLIDES !!!! Yummy !! 
Ok .... getting ready for camping and getting ready to cook dinner . Yummy Tri Tip and steamed veggies !!!! 
Ok now Im ready for bed !! sooo tierd after being up all day ! NEED SLEEP ! 
Getting ready for bed now ! Need all the sleep I can get ! Its going to be a busy week getting ready for camping ! 
Kids had a ball camping ! Had an Easter egg hunt with all of the kids and they all loved it ! Home now ... in the middle of cleanning and doing laundry . Getting ready for Caleighs bday party on Sat ! Cant beleive she is going to be 1 already ! Time is flying by !!! So sad ... my baby is getting bigger !!! :( 
Well , Caleighs birthday was today and I am so sad she is 1 now .... at 6:59 this morning ! I dont have a baby anymore !! It was so much fun and she had a ball . Thank you to all who came to celebrate her birthday ! She says thank you for all the awsome toys and clothes !!! 
Well , two birthday parties this weekend and all of us r beat ! Im ready for bed and to sleep till tomorrow night it feels like ! Not going to happen though ... Im going to need some coffee in the morning . And to top it off , I NEED to clean . How is it that We can not be hope practically all weekend and my house is still a mess ??? I DONT GET IT !!! 
Finally back on the computer ! YEAH !!! Our dsl box went out , damn thing ! 
Thank you to everyone who wished me a happy birthday !!! My < PROPFEMALE > took me to breakfast !! Luv him !!! 
Having a drink and listening to some music and wanting to go to the club ! No tfair when you have kids !! I need a girl night before i get too old for one !!! HAHA !!! 
Well , Im so proud of my Chey ! She is doing better on her spelling tests !! Keep up the good work ! Have the day off tomorrow and dont know what Im going to do with myself !! Any thoughts ???? 
Ok so Chey got an award today at school for PE . She has run 2 3/4 of a mile and is the top of the girls for running ! ( Well her and 2 others are tied ! ) 2 times out running at 15 minutes a peice ! Thats better than me ! TGIF !!!! Gonna go home and have some drinks with my hubby ! 
Ok so crazy week , well day ! Raining and dealing with crazy toddlers who didnt want to listen to anyone !!! Cant wait till Tuesday .... 5 day weekend comming !! Yeah !!! 
So I gave Coco a bath and I had to wash her 3 times !! She was soooo dirty ! She is so nice and clean and soft now !!! She is luving sitting on my lap on the chair !!! 
So cant wait for Saturday !! ECLIPSE COMES OUT and I am sooooooooooo excited !! Going to get it and then watch all 3 !! Have my own little movie day and < PROPFIRST > is going to suffer through it !! HEHE ! Im evil !!! 
So , I watched eclipse on saturday ! It was awsome now I cant wait for the last 2 to come out ! It is going to be torture ! Cant wait for saturday now . Cheys bday party Is at 12 on saturday ! Going to be a busy day !! Cant wait to see everyone ! 
So excited to have a 2 week break from work . I get to spend time with the kids and my family !! < PROPFIRST > even gets to be home for a week too ! Yay !!! So excited for x-mas , even though Im not ready yet !!! HEHE !! 
So i just got done baking alllll day . Made some Neimen < PROPMALE > cookies ( OMG soooo freakin good ) , some toffee , and some < PROPFEMALE > cane cookies ! Had lots of fun but Im so tierd now !! Have so much to do tomorrow . Get my check , do some more xmas shopping , blah blah blah !!! At least I can take a nap if I want !!! 
Well , Christmas shopping is done ! Now all I need to do is wrap all the crap !!! Its going to be a long week !! Love you all ! Have some wrapping to go do !!! 
So I finished the rest of my shopping today , got my oil changed , went to the insurance company and got a report filed for the car to get fixed and I still have to wrap all of the presents !! At least Ill have a rental car while mine is getting fixed . It will be fun to have a new car for a little bit !! 
< PROPFEMALE > Christmas everyone !! I know I most likely wont be on tomorrow so everyone be safe and dont party too much ! If you do , STAY HOME !!! 
Well , Christmas is over and I spent my money today that < PROPFIRST > gave me !! Got 4 new pairs of pants and 2 new shirts ! Yeah !!! I finally threw away my pants with the hole in the crotch !!! 
Back to work and not liking it . I need more time to rest after visiting with all my family ! well I guess thats why Im going to bed alot and had a migrain on Monday ! Yeah , that wasnt fun .... 
So , back to work and my weekend wasnt long enough ! Well at least I have a 3 day weekend comming up this weekend !! Yeah for me !!! 
Middle of the week and Im tierd !! Is that because my children keep waking me up in the middle of the night and then I cant faall back to sleep ?? The would be a YES !!!! So , I got Jamba Juice this morning for me and the 2 younger one because we are stuffy . Gotta luv the coldbuster !! 
So im going to bed now . Long day . Took Chey to the Dr. cause she is sick too ! She got Zythromax so she is all better and ready for school tomorrow ! Connor gets to go back to school and he is so excited to see his DOODLE !! He did the happy dance today when he asked if he got to go to school tomorrow and I told him yes !! He is so sweet when hes not being a big butt !!! 
Ok , so another day down and 2 to go ! cant wait till this weekend ! I HOPEFULLY get to sleep in a little and I am goign to my works annual dinner benefit and auction . < PROPFIRST > cant go , but its ok . No sitter . It should be fun to < PROPFEMALE > out with some awsome teachers from work and some awsome parents too ! 
Ok , so week is almost over and Im so happy . Its been a long week of restless sleep and Caleigh crying in the middle of the night ! Thank God for Starbucks and a great job that keeps me busy !! Oh yeah , by the way , CALEIGH WENT PEE PEE IN THE POTTY YESTERDAY FOR THE FIRST TIME !!!!! YEAH CALEIGH ! She was so excited when it happened ! Mommy is so proud of her little girl !!! 
So its finally Friday and the dog is sick !!! Dont know what to do ! Cant afford the vet < PROPMALE > im going to have if i take her , but it could be serious . Im stuck !! Hope she gets better so i dont have to take her . Everything else is great though !! 
So , even though Im a COWBOYS FAN , Im glad the packers won and not the steelers . I would rather have the packers win in my stadium than the steelers get there 7th superbowl win there !! 
So tierd and dealing with a bratty kid who doesnt want to listen ! Luv my kids to death and wouldnt trade them for anything , but sometimes I just want to beat them !! Need to take a shower and go to bed !!! GOOD NIGHT !! 
So , I think im exhausted from this week already ! I need it to be Friday ! I want to sleep in and no more road work !!! Hope everyone else ahd a great week !! 
So its finally friday and Im ready to go home !!! Drama all day and the kids are crazy !! Mine that is ! Need it to be the weekend so that I can let them outside to play !! They need to drain their energy and prepare for a better week next week !!! 
Caleigh pulled the k button off my laptop and I couldnt get the damn thing on ! Couldnt find anything on the < PROPFEMALE > wesite to help , so I searched Bing and < PROPFEMALE > , found this little website called laptopkeys.com and they showed me how to fix it with a video ! So excited , I know how to fix the keys on my laptop now ! Yeah me , I dont need < PROPFIRST > to fix it for me ! ( Even though he tried to help with no luck ! ) 
Happy V-day to all ! Hope everyones is great ! Cant wait to get home and see my hubby , however short it may be !! Hope the kids are good today so that I dont need to yell at anyone later !! 
What a great end to a great day ....... doing dishes !!! HAHA ! Hope everyones day was absolutely great !! Luv everyone and goodnight ! 
So tierd I need a nap !! Think Im going to bed early tonight !! That is if the kids cooperate with me !! HAHA yeah right ! 
Soooo tierd and the 2 younger ones wont go to bed !! They are talking and kicking the beds while Im in my bed waiting for them to go to sleep !!! How does this happen after a LONG day at school ? They are there from 830-6 practically every day !! But not for long , within a few short weeks I will have an earlier schedule and be off by around 430 every day !!! YEAH !! 
Whats on my mind ?????? Not quite sure , maybe too much to deal with at one time ! Im tierd and cramping and just want to curl up and go to bed BUT I think the trucks on the freeway are shaking the wall and it is hittiing my bed and wiggin me out !!! Plus its raining and < PROPFEMALE > ! NOT a good night for some good sleep !!! 
So tierd , but TGIF !!! Have to close at work , but then I get to go home and sleep ! So tierd of grown people acting like children . Heard too much , seen too much , and Im just done with it !! 
Tierd and going to bed . A long day and not a long enough night ! Need to give Connor some childrens nyquil again for his stuffy nose and cough ! It worked last nigh .... lets see about tonight ! 
Does anybody know how hard it is to eat some eggs with tortillas when you are trying to do things on FB ?? Not very easy , Ill tell you that ! Dinner know at 830 after getting the kids off to bed and doing the dishes ! Not a very exciting night for me is it ? 
Whats a good home remedy to use to make you not pissed off when u r extremely pissed off ? And it cant be alcohol cause I cant use that at work ! I need something that works that I can use anywhere ! 
Hum < PROPFIRST > dum < PROPFIRST > dum ...... Not a good night sleep thanks to Connor ! Had to sleep with me and I cant sleep with him ! Hopefully tonight will be better ! Need to wash all of his bedding stuff though , so thats my chore when I get home ! 
Caleigh is sick , maybe an ear infection . She is super stuffy and when I put her to bed last night she said her ear hurt . Didnt sleep good either . That stwo nights of bad sleep for me ! How sad !! Oh well , thats what happens when you have kids ! Love them to death , even if they are sick and you have to stay up all night and take care of them !!! 
Well , took Caleigh to urgent care today after work and sat there forever , but at least she got seen . She has Bronchitis AGAIN !!! Just starting it though . Her ear was a little red , but they said it didnt look like an ear infection , just irritated . Maybe a slight sinus infection . Sooooo , She got zythromax and she will be better in the morning because it works miracles !!! 
So , did the dishes and now I need to go to bed ! So I heard it was supposed to snow this weekend ! That would be nice . I remember it snowed 3 years ago and it was so cool , but it didnt stick and that made me mad ! I want to play in the snow !!! 
So it snowed everywhere but here on Saturday ! So mad . The kids wanted to play in it , but that didnt happen . Well , off to bed now . Going to be so tierd tomorrow , but what else is new ! HAHA ! 
Well , off to bed soon ! Have a crazy week ahead . Chey is sick now , just a low fever of 100 and nothing else ! Whatever bug this is is just a pain in the ass ! Cant go to school with a fever and it is the first day of school she has missed all year ! Im pissed and she is mad that she cant be at school ! She loves it !! Oh well , we will see how things go over night and see if she gets to go tomorrow !! 
Well , had a good day . Got my Iphone 4 today on my lunch ! So excited . Been wanting one since they came out !! Hopefully Chey will be going to school tomorrow . I think she is better , just full of drama ! Maybe thats why she likes doing the plays at school with her teacher !! 
Well Chey missed school again today , but good news , I think she is going to school tomorrow ! Yeah !! No fever all day today ! Hopefully none tonight . That's when she has been getting them . 
Well figured out the problem with my phone and the internet . Just had to clear everything and turn it off then back on again . DUH !! Chey was back at school today and so excited ! Getting ready for bed now . Need to sleep and stop playing with the phone ! 
Well I'm getting off work in a little bit to go get my eyes checked and Cheys too ! So excited to get new contacts and glasses !! Great start to a great weekend ! HAve a great weekend everyone ! 
Still at my house ! Left this morning to go get a few things but that was it ! What a boring weekend ! Not really . Had some family over last night and BBQed !! It was yummy !! 
Im at work on my lunch and Im tired ! I need to get some sleeping pills ! I cannot sleep good lately and I dont know why !! I need to sleep about 10 hours WITHOUT waking up once ! Maybe Ill feel rested then ! 
So I'm at home trying to go to sleep and my oh so good son Connor won't go to sleep after getting in trouble for not listening ever since we got home ! Why does this always happen to me and when will it stop ?? Hopefully soon ? 
Going to bed now !! Hopefully going to sleep like I did last night ! Not much interruption !! 
So for anyone who wans to know , we are still here and we didnt fall into the ocean ! ( I mean California ! ) No HUGE tsunami here ! Just Japan . Central coast is all good ! My prayers are with all of the families in Japan and anyone who has families or friends there ! 
Another early morning ! Yeah for me !! Damn dog is puking again ! 
So freakin pissed . Thought my appt . was today to get fitted for my contacts , but it's not until April 15th ! Now I have to wait a month plus some to get new freakin contacts !! 
Yeah ! My week is almost over ! Tomorrow is St. Patties Day and I want a green beer damn it !! Didn't get one last year . :( I want one this year ! 
So glad it's Friday ! To bad I have to work for a little bit tomorrow . Oh well , it's only for an hour and a half . It's all good . Get to spend some time with some good people !! 
Went to work this morning . Had a fun time with a few families ! Ate dinner and almost done making my Neiman < PROPMALE > cookies !!! smells so good in my house right now !!! YUMMY !!!! 
So tired ! Need to go to bed and get some well deserved sleep ! Goodnight everyone ! 
I've been ready for bed since nap time ! I'm going to bed early . Rainy days make me sleepy !! 
So going to bed right now !! I'm exhausted from this rain and I am looking forward to this weekend ! Time with family and hopefully getting a haircut !! And probably more rain !! 
Sitting at home drinking a beer , had dinner , now spending time with the fam !!! Luv my Friday nights !! 
Daddy : What do you want for lunch ? \ 
Caleigh : Eat ! \ 
Daddy : What do you want to eat ? \ 
Caleigh : Lunch ! \ 
My baby is so funny !! 
Waiting till my homemade lasagna is done so I can eat it !! Smells so good in here !! Hopefully I'll have some leftovers for lunch tomorrow !! 
So going to bed now !! Had a long day and getting use to being at work at 8 in the morning . LOVING getting off at 4:30 ish !!! More time to spend with my hubby and kids !! 
So exhausted and don't know why ! Maybe allergies .... I thought I slept good last night but apparently not ! I'm going to bed as soon as Connor falls asleep ! HOPEFULLY soon !! 
Think I'm going to bad now ! Tired an irritated at the same time is not a good combo ! I have a feeling that I am going to be up a lot tonight because the wheels in my brain won't stop turning !! That sucks ! Well , bring on Friday !! 
So tired . Hardly any sleep last night between the three kids , and I'm NOT including Chey !! Yes < PROPFIRST > would be one of them ! < PROPFEMALE>'s birthday party , cleaning , shopping , and laundry took up the whole day today ! I'm ready for bed now ! 
Watching The Proposal right now !! I love it ! Makes me laugh !! Didn't get half of what I wanted to get done this weekend before Caleighs birthday , but I guess I'll deal with it later ! 
Hmmmmm , it's 9:30 and Connor is still awake ! Can we say STUBBORN !?!? I guess he'll be going to bed early tomorrow ! Sorry Ms. Gandy , hope u have fun with him tomorrow !! 
Finally some peace and quiet ! All kids asleep EXCEPT for Connor ..... Again ! Maybe he'll go to sleep BEFORE 9:45 tonight ! Who knows . Slept till almost 3:30 at school today ! 
So , I took Connor to the bathroom and got him back on bed and I ask him if I can sleep with him and he tells me no . I ask him why and he proceeds to tell me that I have my own bed ! All I have to say is that next time he wants to sleep in my bed , he is going to get the same response ! 
Time to spend some QUALITY time with < PROPFIRST > tonight !! It's his late night and after the kids go to bed , I get to have some \grown up\ " conversation !! " 
