feels scatter brained . 

is a terrible , terrible person , who wakes up at six in the afternoon . 
thinks the word ' palindrome ' should be a palindrome . Get on it people . 
looked at his friends statuses and noticed five people have lyrics for their status in a row . That's kind of intense . 
has no car until Friday . 
thinks somebody should pick him up since he is without a car . 
is driving with < PROPFIRST > to California in the morning . He'll be back in about a month . 
is on the road to CA . Goodbye . 
is in Asheville . This is gonna be a long trip . 
is still stuck in Arkansas , his phone charger is in Memphis , and he discovered that tire repair can cost up to four hundred dollars the hard way . 
drove thirteen hours today , he's now in Arizona . He'll be in LA tomorrow . 
is in LA . If you live here , I expect you to < PROPFEMALE > out with him soon . Or else . Omnipotent narrator has spoken . 
i'm in california and i am in love with the beautiful girl next door 
is restless . 
has internet for the first time in forever . Unfortunately it's gone again once I leave work . 
refers to these things as \irony \"." 
needs to sleep for once , but he's just so awful at it . 
xoC nairB 
is off of work today . So if any of you there Californian folk want to < PROPFEMALE > out , you know how to contact me . 
can't find his driver's license . This is a problem . 
is in a weird mood . 
feels like trash . 
is leaving for NC today . 
is on the road as he types this . He'll be in Chicago in about two hours . 26 hours of driving and counting . 
drove from Chicago back to Wilmington in one sitting . What a champ . 
accidentally a whole coca cola bottle . 
is watching Road Warrior at 4:30 in the morning . This probably makes him cooler than you . 
got a haircut , a job , and new pants all in one day . Rad . 
doesn't believe in sleep . 
is getting frustrated with facebook chat . Suddenly a new IM box will show up with a ten minute old IM from a person who's now offline . 
is going to work a double tomorrow , on his second day of work , on a busy Friday . It's slightly intimidating . 
can't find his phone charger . And that makes him angry . Angry like some kind of animal , some kind of animal who is angry . 
is enjoying the approximate five seconds he's having on break from work . 
is raging pretty hard at < PROPFIRST>'s internet , always cuttin ' off . Why , it's enough to make a white man angry . 
discovered how to legally buy a fox and keep it in his apartment . This is gonna be awesome . 
just noticed for the first time ever that his last name could also be taken as a dirty word . Thank you all for pointing that out . 
doesn't feel so hot . 
had a very strange night . 
thought Where the Wild Things Are was incredible . 
discovered his battery no longer charges and won't have a computer until it's fixed . Awesome . 
accidentally found a phone spam bot . Hilarity did not ensue . 
just found out he was a white person this whole time . Why didn't anybody tell him ? 
has had one of the strangest days of his life . 
for some reason smells vanilla extract . It's kinda weird . 
woke up to sixty eight notifications . 
really really really doesn't want to deal with the huge crowd for the midnight Twilight show at work . 
is in Chicago until Monday . He probably should have mentioned that earlier . 
hates airplanes so much . He really doesn't want to fly in the morning . 
returns home from Chicago . Fans line up around the street for a < PROPMALE > to see him . More news and developments on this at six . Back to you , < PROPMALE > . 
has decided to only update his status in the style of newspaper headlines . Critics speculate . 
realizes he has more time in a day to do things if he doesn't sleep , solves energy crisis . 
is tired of Holidays . 
Last day in town . Gonna go eat with my mom . After that , I wanna see as many people as I can . 
can't even think right now . 
finally cracked and got a twitter . Damn it all . 
really [ adjective]s [ noun]s . Seriously though . We should all just [ verb ] the [ noun ] out those [ explative ] [ noun]s . 
doesn't want to do anything . 
has an infected right ear , he suspects . 
is watching two of his friends play drums to one guitar . It's really intense how well it works . 
leaving for California in the morning . 
is in California . 
needs something crazy and unusual to do tonight . He has no car though , so there's that . 
hasn't seen anybody since coming to CA . Maybe not having a car is more of an issue than he thought . 
Driving to Mexico in about an hour . My phone won't work there , so I'll be off the map at this time tomorrow . 
is driving to Los < PROPFEMALE > now , stopping at the house , and then flying to Wilmington at nine o'clock . 
doesn't even know , man . 
misses high school and all the people he knew and talked to then . 
I hear all these crazy stories about how popular I apparently am . This confuses me because I've been a hermit for the last nine months , and I have seen no evidence of these stories . I think I have an alter-ego who runs around town pretending to be me . 
No more job , no more money . No more money , no more gas . No more gas , no more adventures . Well damn . 
My house is boring and I have no gas . Somebody < PROPFEMALE > out with me . 
My phone is officially broken . 
So I have terrible concept of time . I'm leaving for < PROPFEMALE > in the morning , I'll be back Monday . Also , my phone is broken for now , so if you can't reach me , you know why . 
BAM . FIXED MY PHONE BY MYSELF . I DON'T NEED YOU , SPRINT STORE . I AM A MAN AND I CAN FIX THINGS . 
I am bored . Somebody pick me up , text me , or be generally amusing in my direction . 
Fine , if nobody's gonna call me or pick me up , at least amuse me with this : http://www.formspring.me/invalidlitter 
Rooooonery , I am so rrrronery ! 
I HAVE NO PHONE . WHAT DO I DO . I FEEL NAKED . THIS IS WORSE THAN THE TIME I GOT STUCK IN AUNT GERTRUDE'S WINE CELLAR . 
Never relaxed , never relaxed , never relaxed . 
stranded . 
For the record : MY phone has been missing for days , I have no car and no money , if you want to find me , either message me here , or show up at my house at random . 
No phone . No gas . Today would be an awesome day for everybody to flock to my house . Just sayin ' . 
BORED BORED BORED BORED . 
Apply directly to the eyeballs . 
TACO CROSSANDWICH . 
slow show . 
Today has been terribly strange , and I just can't keep my footing . 
: The < PROPMALE > of internal overreactions . 
just turned in a an application at Blockbuster . Sawmill next . 
DAMMIT LASAGNA , THAT WAS A WHITE SHIRT . 
Had a terrible dream , and then when I woke up I coughed up blood . Seems like a promising start to a day . 
Today is < PROPFIRST>'s last day in town , and this makes me a sad dad . 
Somebody should come to CB and give me a ride to the show at Gravity around eight . 
I really wish my phone worked . 
Somebody give me a ride to JB's wedding . 
Rad , I have a ride to the wedding . 
Bad dreams all the time . 
The Pawn Shop won't buy my video games because they're too old . 
I'm just all out of sorts . 
I wish my phone worked . I feel like I'm going to have a lot of angry texts when I get it operational again . 
Well , my phone is missing again . So first I must get a new one , then I must call people , because I have some ' splaining to do . 
New phone . Hell yes . 
I have my music collection for the first time in four months . I have no words to describe how grateful I am to have it back . 
Every day is the same day . 
Bittersweet . 
I don't wanna pack , I don't wanna pack , I don't wanna pack . 
Friday : I plan to have a going away party , but I need a place to hold it . 
Nostalgia is the killer of creativity , but it's all that's on my mind . 
is watching The Lion < PROPMALE > for the first time in years . Everything is awesome . 
You know what I hate ? When you're bored and want to talk , but have absolutely nothing interesting to say . It's a terrible conundrum . 
But how long can you tread water ? 
Monday is the new projected day for me leaving . It isn't set in stone , it may be Sunday . Either way , this is my last weekend in North < PROPFEMALE > . 
Tonight , Gannon's house : My going away party/Sara < PROPMALE>'s birthday party . Be there , you square . 
So rad news . I'm still here . My dad will arrive in Wilmington tomorrow at 7am , and that's when I leave . 
Going to bed later than hoped . Goodnight , I'll miss you all . 
Done driving for the day . 
is in Tennessee , using the internet while his father drives . The future is awesome . 
Yukon , Oklahoma . 
Texas . 
New Mexico . 
People of California : I have a new phone since I was last here , so I don't have any of your < PROPFIRST > anymore . So , get in touch with me . 
I wanna get out of the house . I wish I had something to do . 
Just arrived in Las Vegas , which would be cool , if I was over twenty one and not here on business . 
Leaving Vegas . 
Back in Los < PROPFEMALE > . 
needs a haircut . 
< PROPMALE > CLEM IS MAKING COMICS AGAIN , AND I GET TO GO TO A FREE SHOW . HELL YES . 
Last night was awesome . Now , there are dogs in my office , trying to get between me and my work , what a strange dilemma . 
Dead end . I hate computer work so much right now . 
I wish more people used last.fm 
is stoked for the show tonight . 
Monday at the office . I hate Mondays at the office . But I love lasagna . 
might be going to Arizona for a month on a business trip . This means he doesn't get to see La Dispute with Envy or spend Halloween here . Man , I bet it would suck to be him . 
People of California , it is Friday and all I've done this week is work . I demand to know where festivities are ! 
I'M SO BORED I HAVE TO USE CAPSLOCK TO PROPERLY EXPRESS IT . 
Oh god < PROPMALE > Taco . Why did I eat two of your burritos ? This was a terrible idea . 
got a haircut . This means something , by god . This means something . 
You know what I miss ? < PROPMALE > Birdman : Attorney at Law . 
I keep getting event invites for things in North < PROPFEMALE > . It's kind of a bummer . 
Seein ' Gogol Bordello tomorrow . Hell yes . 
I need to get a Halloween costume ready . 
Man , waiting for work to end takes about ten times longer when you actually have exciting plans for a change . 
Off to see Gogol Bordello , beyond stoked . 
misses everybody . 
On my way to Chicago . 
I smell like a wood fire , and makes me really happy . It's my favorite smell in the world . 
just found out he will be able to make it to La Dispute with Envy and Touche Amore . He's trying really hard to not seem way over the top excited . 
is sitting an airplane to LA waiting for take-off . For some reason the plane smells of baby powder . How peculiar . 
Alright computer , I'm gonna have to ask you to quit being slow . 
BAM . PAYDAY . 
can already tell , today will go in slow motion until he gets to the show . 
Dammit , I loaned my copy of The Warriors to < PROPFIRST > years ago , and I can't watch it because he never gave it back . 
I hate ' < PROPFEMALE > , DMV . I hate ' < PROPFEMALE > so bad . 
The dates are set , I'll be in Wilmington December 21st to the 28th . 
I have less than a week . I need a cheap Halloween costume that doesn't suck . Ideas ? 
is a master at the < PROPMALE > of suddenly forgetting how to talk . 
My Halloween : Cleaning and being bored . Anticlimactic , right ? 
Bah humbug , Monday , bah humbug . 
Thanks to a conversation with Jheri I can't stop listening to Gobble Gobble and White Ring . 
is on the way to Arizona , after all the delays . 
Hooray . More hotels . 
Turns out I don't have to get fitted with a gas mask while I'm out here , which means I don't have to shave . No-shave-November is back on . 
HAY GUIZ , IT'S A BRITISH HOLIDAY TODAY . LET'S ALL QUOTE V FOR VENDETTA ON OUR STATUSES . 
It's really weird to think that I won't be a teenager in three days . I really like being a teenager . It's a lot more fun than being an adult . 
just\ 
found out that not only will he be in the middle of nowhere , AZ for his\ 
birthday , but he will be working too . Awesome , just awesome . 
Happy Birthday , Whoopi Goldberg . 
I just ate five pounds of potato and brisket . Literally five pounds . Why would I do that ? This was a terrible idea . 
I think about 75% of all my facebook friends took angst pills today . I've never seen so many badly written lyrics on my home < PROPFEMALE > at once . 
I want to turn in a legitimate resume at a low end job , I want the work history to say : Waffle House ( Six months ) , Carmike Cinema ( Nine months ) , Unemployed ( Seven years ) , Astronaut ( Two years ) . 
is super excited to see Black Swan tonight . 
Black Swan was incredible . 
I'm supposed to wake up in an hour for a flight . But then I figured , \Sleeping is for chumps . \ " And I don't want to be a chump . " 
I'm off to see True Grit . Anybody in Wilmington who wants to < PROPFEMALE > out after , call me . 
got his ticket changed . He will now be leaving Wilmington on the third , instead of tomorrow morning . 
Flight to LA is about to take off . It was great seeing the people I saw , I'll miss you all . 
is back in California . 
New way to feel like a no t-t errible-person when smoking around children : If a child sees you smoking , shout \I HATE BATMAN\ " at him . He'll be so pissed off at you for saying that that he'll never want to smoke or do anything to be like you . " 
is dressing as a woman in order to infiltrate a mafia scam and texting < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > about playing me in a based-on-a-true-story movie . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > uses a lot of smilie faces when talking about business . 
People of California : You are all terrible at answering your phones . I'm trying to get a group of people together for a bonfire and rad times at the beach . You should contact me if you're interested . 
The Forgetters show sold out , I am a sad panda . So close to seeing < PROPFIRST > Schwarzenbach , so close . 
I just found out that < PROPFIRST > Jaques died and that < PROPFIRST > Pratchett has alzheimers . My night just got soooo sad . 
The best thing about being single on Valentines : Saving money and laughing at those who think the holiday actually matters . 
A Freudian slip : When you say one thing but you mean your mother . 
If I were ever bitten by a zombie , my reaction would be to get naked immediately . Admit it , you'd be terrified if a nude zombie started charging you . 
Dear people of facebook : I live in California now . Please stop sending me event invitations for things in North < PROPFEMALE > . 
My boy Jheri Evans just put out a new track under the name Sushi Mane over at coyotegang.tumblr.com . Download it . Listen to it . Try not to touch yourself . No seriously , try not to touch yourself , your mom's right in the next room , and that could get awkward . 
Dear Citizens of California : I am bored and it is Saturday , what do ? 
Hipster : The new n-word for white people . 
It's Friday . Somebody point me in the direction of fun activity . 
Late on the netflix train , where to start ? 
Every time me ex girlfriend contacts me , I feel like attacking something . With a hammer . Yeah , probably with a hammer . 
A million dollars isn't cool . You know what's cool ? A < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > . 
I feel bad for telemarketers . I mean , you know they don't enjoy or want the job they have , and I'm sure they're sick of being hated and getting random \payback\ " pranks . " 
At five o'clock he realized that trying to sleep was futile , considering that he had to wake up at seven for work . 
Folks of Wilmington : I just booked my flight . I'll be back in town April 14th until the 22nd . 
Tired of itches , messy eating , and pedophile jokes . Shaving the ' stache off . 
Blew my nose , blood . Coughed , blood . Went to the bathroom , well you get the idea . I'm going to the doctor in the morning . Ugh , I feel like death . 
Dear Netflix : I do not pay for you so that you can freeze everytime I try to watch a movie for the last week or so . 
There are people saying that the Tsunami's happened because of < PROPFEMALE > Harbor , and everybody is shocked and surprised by it . I'm shocked and surprised that people are shocked and surprised . We should all know by now , EVERYTIME there is a < PROPMALE > disaster , there's a group of idiots who will find a terribly offensive way to attribute it to something unrelated . 
Let me start this from end to beginning , that way the story has a happy ending . 
First five friends , zombie invasion . < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > would be valuable until things get desperate , he'd sacrifice a dude . < PROPFIRST > < PROPMALE > would have common sense . < PROPFEMALE > Sheppard , good moral support . < PROPFIRST > Lanier is tall , so he'd be a scout , he could run if things go bad . < PROPFIRST > Allman would eat the last of the doritos , this will be his undoing . 
Does anybody else find it odd that < PROPFEMALE > rewards the worst and most ill-behaved children with one of the only flammable rocks ? \ 
\ 
I'm buying some fire insurance . 
It's St. < PROPFIRST>'s day , celebrate the traditional way , with alcoholism and domestic abuse ! Yeah ! 
It's No Lamborghini Day ! Good thing I stocked up on Lamborghini's yesterday . 
I've spent most of my afternoon watching Regular Show . This was a good choice . 
If I for some reason became a pimp , I would dress exceptionally white and nerdy , and I would ride a scooter . Everybody would be so confused as I rolled down the street , and suddenly all of these women start cowering . 
O < PROPMALE > < PROPFIRST > . I see that you finally have fast enough internet to load my videos . Well , guess we're going to shut the entire site down then . \ 
-Netflix . 
I'm bored and missing a bunch of friends from NC . Somebody give me a call . First caller wins a prize . ( Hint : The prize is a conversation . ) 
I've been so gravitationally challenged lately , the other day , I tripped and fell onto the ceiling . I was stuck up there for at least an hour . 
Feelin ' bittersweet . 
