Just when you think your out , they drag you back in ... 

Happy New Years everyone !!! Hope it's great !!! 
Stupid Facebook not letting me change my stupid profile picture ... 
just realized how much homework he has left D: > .... 
Martini = Done , time for arabic .... 
so much Homework , so little time , why do I procrastinate q-q . 
Why is it rather than being creative on my projects I need to do , I'm being more creative procrastinating ? 
?????????????? 
which teacher in the center is the most like Mr. Tumnus ? I'm thinking Mr. Hassam just because . 
Fuck we have school on Monday .... FUCK , we have school on monday and I've barely finished a thing .... fml ... 
I love how it is 9001 times easier to type in japanese than in arabic ... 
Looking at colleges on college board , actually found one that sounds promising that I can actually get into that has a < PROPMALE > I want . 
I hope Mrs. Martinez's pregnant < PROPFEMALE > rage doesn't come down and bite us in the ass , when the honors kids don't have their essays done cause no one remembered the prompt . 
Movers , Shakers , and Producers ; Me and my firends understand the future ; I see the strings that control the systems ; I can do anything with no assistance . 
I really don't want to go to school ... 
Oh Americans , why are we so ignorant on so many levels ? I'll tell you why : To make it easy to write an essay about ! 
I hate when people don't realize they're in the way on the train , or just stopped right in the middle of the people your conversating with on the train ... it is really annoying 
I'm proud of my self , I held up two different conversations with two different adults , pretty interesting what the commute home can hold in store . 
Norwalk , Norwalk , Norwalk , I mean I appreciate the 2 hour delay , but at that point why even bother ? Just give us the day off >_> . 
Omg I forgot , Tischer Sensei's class is cooking tomrrow :D !!!!!! Totally forgot we are making Yaki Udon ! 
Yay new computer , oh the internet doesn't work , oh we need a new wireless router , great ... 
When in doubt , go with your instincts , they are there for a reson you know :P . 
Sigh ... hate funky connections ... 
My new computer has internet access now :D !!! 
My life would be < PROPFEMALE > right now , if only the modem wou ld stop being stupid and knocking me off the internet and such , sigh , at least the computer even has internet : l . 
Your suddlties , they strangle me , I can't explain myself at all . And all the wants , and all the needs , I don't want to need at all .... 
Any other camp staffer's planning on going to the interview on January 2nd ? 
why can't it summer vacation already ? 
If life gives you lemons , and you try to make lemonade , unless life also gave you water and sugar , its still gonna suck . 
lol after 30 mins only 6 dispatch songs finished playing . 
Who's coming back to Camp Mattatuck 10' ? Need to know what we are working with :P ! 
Just one of those days ..... 
I'm ready for the beginning of the end of the beginning . 
No sleep tonight ? Maybe . 
Oh Iran I love you so much I could put a nuclear sanction on you , oh wait I did . Wait , what you don't have weapons and you aren't planing on making any . * Fuck I can't turn back now shit shit shit . * Well lets just pretend you do and put these sanctions on any sort of hope youhave fo making som srt of clean energy . 
So like definitely need to learn to not pocrastinate .... by college .... eh who am my kidding I do my best work under pressure >:D 
Soooooooo , Mexico and UK left , ready to rock it out . 
Norwalk please be merciful , at give us the day of , you know you don't want to come back either . 
How many people are doing last minute work for tomrrow , but procrastinating on facebook ? Pfft I know I am :P . 
How does one aquire so much contempt and hatred for one person , that just seeing said person makes you break out into rage ? 
Probably an all ngihter D: > . 
Wikipedia , saver of projects , doer of good deeds , spreading the mercy on all our souls by helping in the everlasting fight against the homework < PROPFEMALE > that loves to just ruin our lives . 
I really don't want school tomorrow , this week took forever as it is , interview on Saturday for camp staff 10 ' :P . 
Interviews tomorrow , probably gonna see < PROPFIRST > , Camp Staff 10 ' :D ! 
Unit elections are the pits , at least we are in second besides the chapter who has the actual vice chief of inductions ..... 
Christmas tree , de-trimmed . Mission Accomplished . 
Taking it one day at a time , hopefully these days start to go a little easier . 
Ugh double chem ... So not looking forward to school today ... 
Ugh no ones on from arabic ... Well , if one of you sees this , say if there was homework or not . Kthnksbye . 
What to do , what to do .... 
So bored , anyone want to do anything ? 
Why is it whenever I actually need people to be on facebook , they aren't : l . 
Why am I so incapable of studying , I'll sit down , then past that I have no clue what to do . 
I think I did pretty well on midterms today , wonder what awaits midterms : Day 2 . 
Just realized it's 3:55 , not 5:55 ... sigh I've been awake for no reason >_> . Sleep . 
Back from camping ... so cold ... so cold ... there are ice blocks where my toes used to be . ( someone will get it ) 
Done with chemistry , phycology tomorrow , so done with finals :P . Dry at home . 
had fun times with < PROPFIRST > , < PROPFEMALE > , and akum . Was epic win . < PROPFIRST > you are waaaaayyy too ridiculous at pokemon puzzle league , that was anlmost disgusting D: . 
Just got the best idea of how to study japanese ever . Apples to Apples in japnese . Omg that would be epic win to the > 9000 power . 
Everyone take international human rights , so it doesn't get cancled AGAIN . 
The saddest part of Avatar is that American's would do that , wouldn't they ? That general also needed to die a lot earlier .... 
Slacker Pride ! Just copied down every answer for math from the back of the book , I'm a cool kid . 
Why must I copy all of this section Mr. Meli , I swear if you continue this irrational behavior I just might have to break that social contract and form my own state , what do you think about that ? 
I hate having a shit ton of work .... 
Eww at new facebook ... 
Who else isn't coming tomorrow even if we don't ave a snow day ? 
Ugh why do people not have emails even in this day and age .... annoying ..... Guess I'm writing a letter . 
Writing a letter to my homestay because he has no email . Starting to wonder if I'm putting in too much info , anyone wanna proofread it tomorrow ? 
I'm bored now : l , wanna do somethign D: > . 
It figures ..... 
Tell me why adventure time is coming out on cartoon network ?! 
Oh what a tangled web we weave ... 
CAmping this weekend , should be fun , its so far away though D: > . 
Camping up at Camp pomperaug was awesome , had a great time . 
Eww school tomorrow , so tempted to play sick ... I mean I was out in the woods all weekend . 
Lol , tell me why I was looking up stuff on urbandictionary.com, and I looked up < PROPFIRST > , and in one of the ads it had a picture of a girl wearing a shirt that said : Bacon makes everything better . I guess all < PROPFIRST>'s love bacon that much . No doubt . 
Holy Shit , 5 birthdays on tuesday ? 
I love actually waking up when your body feels like it , sadly this is the last day of it for a while q-q . 
Just sent an email to his homestay , and got a letter from them , after sending a letter because I didn't know that < PROPFEMALE > had the email address the whole time , even though it wasn't on the paper , but nevertheless we're communicating ! 
Lol watching japanese final projects on youtube made me appreciate our program soooo much more xD . 
Why does rewriting this stupid arabic packet take so freaking long .... 
Lol science fair project looks 20x better than before . 
Still no school , best hosting week ever ! 
Still another day of no school , and a gawgeous day . Going on a hike then over to < PROPFIRST>'s to < PROPFEMALE > out . Thank god for making norwalks trees so susceptable to falling over and having all their power lines preculiarly close . 
Birthday was awesome , < PROPMALE > out in SoNo with < PROPFEMALE > , < PROPFIRST > , and then we all went and met up with < PROPFEMALE > for Avatar Imax . Was a good day , oh and did nothing in school thanks to Arabic , gotta love inschool field trips . 
Hair cut , feel a lot better now .. I hate having too much hair ... 
Facebook chat needs to learn how to not fail . 
It definitely has to be summer , like now ... now .... 
Bored ... I should stop being lazy and make plans ... 
Bored ... Looking at colleges : l . 
Facebook is definitely being Failbook atm ... 
Whoa , the father from < PROPMALE > Little is House , weird to see him ... caring ... 
This is not going to work out well ... 
Yay for probable all nighter ?? 
If arabic is going to force me to write 20 sentences in arabic after all that crap fine , I'm going to at least have fun with this .. 
I'm having way too much fun writing these arabic sentences .... 
Totally just served some chump in japanese on a video on Youtube , I hate ignorant dipwads .???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? Ur ?? U ?? Rite ?????????? ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? 
Ugh so over school right now , I'm in a summer state of mind , Mattatuck Staff 10 ' anyone ? 
Whoa I actually did my math homework .... 
Just got camp info in , Scoutcraft 10 ' , ( side note : I'm making more than I thought I would ) 
Why does everyone freak out about the SAT's so much , that was easy . The hardest part was my butt starting to hurt for sitting for too long . 
Omg , I just saw a commercial for the new Avatar : The Last Airbender live action movie I can't wait :O ! 
Ugh school needs to just be done with ... All too ready for it to be summer .... 
I feel like crap and I have no clue why bleh : l . 
Ugh I feel like garbage ..... 
Peptobismal seems to be abbysmal for me having the adverse affect on me .... 
Only ...... 14 more days in school for me !!!! So ready for summer camp ! 
Conclave this weekend , should be a blast ! 
Way too many people's birthday's today , therefore I will give a general HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!!!!!! too everyone whose birthday is today . 
Sigh most likely all nighter .... see how this goes .... 
I haven't even started my finals yet , and I'm ready for them to be over so I can go to camp .... 
Omg ... Math was so much easier than I thought it'd be thank god for no trig identities .... ugh World lit and Japanese tomorrow , while I have chemistry and civics the day after ... not good pairings ... 
Alright , ready to kill todays finals , now that I finally finished Snow Flower , good book , but so fucking long D: 
Let's start packing ....... now , oops I still have 2 more finals D:< ( rageragerageragerageragerageraaaaagggggeeeee !!!!!!! ) 
I AM DOOOOOONNNNNNNEEEEE WIIIIITTTTHHHHH FIIIINNNNAAALLLLLSSSSSS !!!!!!!!! LLLLLEEEETTTT'SSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ! 
I am so .... exhausted .... at least they don't have Lesbiand Biker Drills ( LBD's ) at home . 
Myscouting.com is fucking retarded .... I guess I'll just do the stupid little class when I get back , cause this isn't working out ..... 
So tired , but its over for now I suppose . 
So happy I found this , I was missing FFR so much : http://ffr.lightdarkness.net/FFR/ 
Tell me why buying a gallon of < PROPMALE > < PROPMALE > is like buying 2 cans of it ... 
Worst . Book . Ever . 
Half way done .... hopefully I don't fall asleep reading this for the 4th time today ..... 40 pages till chapter 5 : l . 
Well I can tell you one thing , all these Afrika petro-countries don't have enough petro-dollars for me to give a petro-shit about this book -.- . 90 ~ pages left 
I wonder if I can finish this book before I go to bed ..... probably not but worth a shot : l . 
Sorry about all of that ... 
Guys nobody touch those messages my facebook got hacked and those messages have trojans I believe , sorry about all this , idk how it happened ... 
Well I'm done with Untapped : The Rush for Africa's oil finally ..... starting Red < PROPFEMALE > Blues an equally thick book but a little more interesting , but about 100 pages longer I hope I can finish this all : l . 
All the books are done :DDDDDDDDD , now just to do a little bit for AP Japanese and then I'll officially be done , evn sooner than last year working till 2 am the day of to get chem essay done :D . 
Totally foudn the scholarship for me , going to work for the CIA xD 
Can anyone please reassure me that for AP CP we only had to read those 2 books ... please ..... 
Why didn't I do this earlier this is so easy that was like 400 characters in like 30mins ... 
well I guess I ought to get some sleep ..... R.I.P Summer 2010 ' :( 
Just found a new band I like :D , never even heard of them before this . Scouting for Girls . 
Fan freaking-tabulous . 
Sigh ..... gotta figure this all out .... 
Common App whoop whoop .... 
For a first draft I gotta say this college essay is pretty freaking sexy . 
stupid whore country game shut down on me when I was at 150 countries left with like 4 mins , left stupid whore game >_> . 
I swear my brain doesn't register netherlands as a country ... 
I love how the word to devaste is japanese is also the word they use for to troll . Just how badly do japanese take trolling ? 
totally couldn't think about a topic for the japanese essay .... soooooo I decided I'm goign to write about shoes . We'll see how this goes . 
Totally just wrote a story about shoes and how awesome they are for japanese class using these 12 words : true feelings , reliable , ability to concentrate , to compete , hope/wish , to encourage , to comfort , start/trigger/initial opportunity , to be spoiled , to be depressed , to spend time , and to be invited . I feel pretty damn accomplished . 
So tired , so want to go to sleep , so can't sleep . - . , WHY ! 
People are so ignorant I swear , it amazes me , it completely and utterly amazes me . I didn't know any single adult human being could know that little about something and have such a strong opinion . Hope for the human race = gone . 
So I totally am being forced to elangomat for the ..... 6th time . I haven't ever been to and ordeal where I wasn't elangomatting ... totally thought this was the first one I wouldn't , because I'm chapter chief , but that turned into the reason I am . Sigh . 
I'm about to go INTO THE WILD . No you can't come . 
Totally just watched all the Lord of the Rings because it was a marathon and I had nothing better to do , pretty awesome . 
I love < PROPFEMALE > . 
My research paper will totally blow all other's out of the water even if it is late , I don't care this paper won the game in comparison . 
5 day school weeks seem to take so long now .... 
I thought I was so sure , and then everything was flipped on its head . Now I don't which way is up , which is down . I don't know , don't know . 
Still hope . 
I'm really happy with this College Essay , hope it is as good as I feel it is . 
So my dad totally just won the lottery o_o , not the jackpot , but he did win o_o . 
This speech is killing me x.x .?????????????????? 
Stupid AP kids , going to bed all punctual and everything , not around to help a brother out . 
Facebook chat is retarded ..... 
If only there were 3 days in a weekend . 
So sick ... 
So sick .... but miso soup helps <3 .. 
So I'm really digging Ishmael ..... but I definitely need to read more of it ... cause at this point its saying that we have to let all the starving people die to save the world .__. , otherwise we'll just keep out living our means . Interested to see if there is a solution to this . 
Going to the < PROPMALE > mall , should be fun . 
Should be a fun weekend , if anything else , I'm not doing the online video chat thing today :P . 
Oh supplements , why must you have essays also . 
Almost done with lab report .. and its not even 2 AM :D 
I think you burn more calories trying to get the pomergranate stuff out of it than you get from it . 
Considering joining Crew , should be interesting . 
Not bad , but not to great either . 
every\ 
person has 1000 wishes . a cancer patient only has one : to get better . i\ 
know that 97% will not post this as their status , but i know that my \ 
friends will be one of the 3% and put this as their status , at least for\ 
an hour , in honor of those who died because of cancer or who are still \ 
... fighting 
Anyone have any idea what to put for our graduation date on common app ? 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnUfPQVOqpw&feature=aso 
Eww .... I need to find a CD player ..... 
Well got me a CD player , yay for 27 dollars more down the hole for a test .... 
SAT II's weren't too bad , if I didn't space out for one of the listenings on the Japanese one I totally would have gotten like an 800 . 
Anyone know the APCP website , the one I have written down won't work ... 
Omg I totally just finished that atwood's lab so happy ... 
Circular motion is harder than it seems .... 
Ugghhhhhh ....... 
Of course something has to go wrong , its like necessary ... 
WHERE THE FUCK IS IT !?!?!????!? 
im gayyy nd suckk dickk 
OH YESS ! Jus got daat < PROPMALE > ;) 
Almost done with the work AP packet :D . 
iPhone :DDDDD 
For APCP project we need to copy each article ? 
All nighter ? Maybe . 
Mexio you suck . < PROPFEMALE > to have more newpapers and be more important in the world . 
Quick nap ? I think I've earned it . * knocks out till 4 * 
Normal seep , how I have missed you . 
: I'm a total bum . <3 
Tell me why the piles of snow infront of my house are now taller than me ? 
No school again whaaaaattt !!! 
Gotta love how the statuses are automatically updating with the waves of calls coming in :) 
I don't even know . 
No school again >:D 
We are going to graduate in August at this rate . 
Might pull this one out of my ass , maybe . 
Into the Abyss ? 
Almost half way there ? 
Camp Staff 11' ? 
Time to simply wait . 
I found the speed of sound today everyone . Your welcome . 
Making a tower ? I bet you aren't . 
First decision back ..... and its an acceptance to Hofstra !! At least I can go somewhere now ! 
That fucking bus driver thought she was some hot shit trying to kick me off the bus because Bridgeport doesn't have school , needless to say , I got her supervisor on her ass , her fault for not believing me . And yes I damn sure got on that bus . 
Great , that was an amazing nap , but now my sleep cycle is going to be off for a week now -.- . 
March is going to suck . 
Random flan ? Ok then ! This is the best flan ever , and it was comepletely random , I have no clue where my dad pulls his cooking prowess from , but this is delicious ! 
Eagle Scout Project ...... APPROVED .... wait .... now I have to do it ...... 
< PROPFIRST > Sheen , is all over the news because he's a celebrity drug addict . While < PROPFIRST > Wilfahrt 31 , < PROPFIRST > Tabada 21 , < PROPMALE > Hizon 22 , Chauncy Mays 25 , and < PROPFIRST > Fahey Jr. 23 ( of Norwalk , CT ) are all soldiers who gave their lives this week with no media mention . These are just a few names - there are too many to mention in this space . Honor THEM by re-posting this status 
So like what train do we catch ... 
Sooooo , UMass all day ? 
I'm bout to go all sentimental on dat ass ! WATCH OUT ! 
??????????????????? 
Japan Bowl Status : Pretty good . 
< PROPFEMALE > 3 ~ hours of sleep ? 
Lol I'm so good at procrastinating it's not even f 
Guys I'd suggest you don't touch those links . Probably viruses , just saying . 
I don't know what to think of this at all , but very skeptical to say the least . 
Commissioner ... Really ? I didn't even apply for it , oh well I'll try not to butt dial 911 this year guys . 
Lol what's more awkward than sending completely random emails to people based on a 20 some odd questioned questionaire , asking if they'd like to live together . Nothing much . 
Getting sick of waking up this early to go to school to do essentially nothing . 
Has a roommate !!! /Sorelieved . 
To the beach !!! 
The Crusades can just take thier military failure and disappear back into history . 
OA Ordeal this weekend , should be fun ! 
Ugh I gotta stop knocking out like that .... 
Is officially a Brien McMahon Senior Classy 2011 graduate . 
Busy coming week , staff week at Mattatuck until Sunday , Sunday I have to go up to UMass for orientation , then come back to camp after for more staff week , lucky me . 
4 hours ... hope it's not raining like this up there .... 
shouldnt leave his FB up at work or we will do terrible terrible things to it 
At what point does politics become ideology and ideology become politics . At a time where someone could villanize the other group elected by the majority of the people on the sheer wing tips of political dogma I'm afraid that that point has already come . 
I don't know random reporter lady , exactly how deep in the Earth's atmosphere did this earthquake occur ? * troll face * 
Sooooooooooooo bored . T minus 7 days . 
This Hurricane crap is an obvious sign that it's time to go . 6 days ~ 
I dunno how , but still have power ! 
Bridgeport , it's been real .... ly boring , UMass here I come ! 
So nervous for this freaking placement exam , hope it all goes well and words come back naturally .... 
Back at my home away from home ( Bridgeport ) , wishing I was back at UMass ... 
2nd floor is so lonely , I need somebody to talk to or just something to do ... 
Being so bored on such a beautiful day should be a crime . Need to go somewhere .... 
Alright , plan of action found . Look up quotes until 1:45 . Return to Thatcher by 2 . Sleep till 5:30 . Return to Library by 5:50 ~ . Look for any more quotes until 6:30 . Write essay until 12:15 . Print by 12:30 . Go to Anthro for midterm at 1 . Go to Herter and turn in my paper . Success . 
Got a human in HvZ ! 
We got sooooooooooo many humans tonight !!! 
