here typing 

I'm here getting ready to shower 
thinking if I should get myself a digital camera , zune hd , or itouch 64gig 
off to bed only to awake to my last final 
F**king Cold !! 
bed for me 
OHHH SH*TTT SSASHA GOT ME THE BEST GIFT !! THANK YOU SASH !! 
goodnigh 
on the phone 
about to shower and hit up lehman for a book 
Here watching \TAKEN \"" 
gotta study a bit tired as hell hoping the \Holy Ghost\ " gives him more energy to make it . " 
here 
HAPPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY LIL BROTHER < PROPFIRST > WHO TURNED 11 TODAY I'M SO PROUD OF HIM !! 
is thinking maybe I should host a gaint Dodge get together lol 
laughing at lady snoring in her sleep 
running out home with a bowl of cheerios in one hand and the other with a textbook !! 
I walk only to question the path i walk yet I stil keeping going through all adversities without fail why ? Is because I lack fear or could it be one fools pride preventing him from turning back with their tail between their legs and start a knew ... as ponder I still walk down this path further and further ... and for what ... 
here in the libary 
Wtf is with everyone having a kid ?! Am I gonna have to go and adopt one lol 
hmm ... 
stepping out to take care of stuff 
All Hail PANCAKE DAY !! 50% off all pancakes 
If you've known me for long time or even a short one , what's one thing you could say about me or describe about me through knowing me ? ( bored ) 
home 
going to shower now and get it going today 
So today was my last day working in Parkslope and hello to 3rd ave for the first time in the bx 
I'm craving < PROPFEMALE > Bunches Oats 
listening to spanish music while doing my take home mid-term sigh 
my first day working the bronx 
laughing at how all this < PROPMALE > high classmates found him on FB 
should start a fight club !! 
needs to start going in the next room and uploading old school ablums 
need a hair cut and shape up 
just had steamed chicken with broccoli and white and it was awesome !! 
why am i up still !! 
walking to school for another exam 
I think I bombed on this exam 
so yea am I the only one tired of these kids wearing their pants half way down their ass !! I mean come on especially grown ups !! 
here eating SUBWAYS new buffalo chicken sandwich and I gotta say its greeeaaattt !! 
Just got my first ticket lol 
Am I the only who thinks the older we get the less sh*t wanna take !! Am right ppl ?! 
Am I the only who thinks the older we get the less sh*t wanna take from ppl !! Am right ppl ?! ( correct update thanks < PROPFIRST > ) 
just got home from watching Kick-Ass with the family 
running home to change for work 
off to bed 
On fb through my zune hd 
watching Dr. Oz 
