taste so good ... make you wanna slap yo mama ! 

< PROPFEMALE > sick .. all kinds of shit in my lungs .. 
Happy new years .. this sucks ... 
Blehhhhh 
having the ugliest voice ever . 
EWWWWW . So frustrated . BLEH . 
Watching Batman and < PROPFIRST > . What a lame day . 
B-day in like 15 days . WOOT WOOT . 
so bored . 
What the h ?! 
really want biscuits and gravy this morning . 
about to go get my boyfriend . 
i love cam-a-lam-a-ding-dong 
\There was a law enforcement officer in here looking for you the other day . \"" 
GARBAGE DAAAYYY ! 
Who's birthday is it ? Mine . The big tw o-o ne . Yes . Feliz cumpleanos a mi . 
kjflksdjflkdjsf eh 
Haven't been on in a while . Had 33 notifications . 
I'm watching Maury . Daytime TV is always a good time . 
I love that women need their men to take lie detector test to see if they are cheating .. Cause the panties in the car and hickies aren't saying enough . 
It's always weird having a stranger in my house . 
Sometimes .. I wish I didn't answer my phone . 
< PROPMALE > A . Barcelon is getting a mustache 
I love driving down the street and it starts to pour and then .... my windsheild wiper breaks .. I just love that feeling , knowing my windsheild wiper is broken , I have a donut tire and I need my oil changed . I've never been happier . 
I wish someone would show up at my door with some drank for me . 
My car no longer looks sad . 
I love my friends too .. But i'm a shitty one .. Whhhaaaa ? 
D ' : 
:D 
and in the words of < PROPMALE > A . Barcelon , \There is no need for that level of uglyness ... \"" 
sometimes .. some people drive me crazy . 
my eyes hurt .. I should have stopped at like two coats of mascara ? 
I guess I do nothing . I don't do laundry or make lunch or paint walls .. I sit around and do nothing .. I'm quite the catch . 
Tool Academy is sooooo funny .. This \Toolette\ " is so CRAZY ! " 
I want a dog .. 
Worst night of sleep in a long time . 
Running a fever is the worst .. 
now , how am i supposed to get home ? lol 
wyoming this week .. 
being in Wyoming is a nice change of scenery .. 
I really do like today . 
30 year old book of mormon ... 
\People keep talkin ' . Talkin ' ' bout people ... \"" 
I miss my las vegas friends soooo much 
The crazies . 
So bored . 
who would just love to pick me up and take me to the welfare place tomorrow ? I would love to be able to eat .. 
i miss my boyf .. i need him right now .. :( 
why are you so far away ?!!!?!?! 
indiana jones .. yummy 
who has seen my boyfriend ?? he is missing ? :( 
Ughh .. 
no one ever comments on my posts .. or < PROPFEMALE>'s either . 
why even bother ? 
Heavy Metal 2000 ... So weird .. 
Everythings good . 
someone humor me . 
Let me guess .. Something came up and you couldn't pick me up .. Nor could you call .. :( 
Stay away from me . I can almost guarantee that i'll bring out the worst in you . 
Since i'm a hobo .. I might as well go to the store looking the part . Maybe i'll get someone's pocket change to buy booze or cigarettes . 
Sing me a song that sends shivers down my spine . Sing me a song , I'll sing along . 
Can anything be more annoying than 14 year old brothers ? I need to get out of the house . 
someone come GET ME ! 
I really hate getting ready . Why can't my homelyness just be ok ? 
Mmm at friday nights . 
My Sister's Keeper ... SADDEST movie ever . 
i hate not having a phone at times . 
staring into the neighbors garage .. I don't think anything is going on in there . bummer . 
My f b is f'ed up . 
Lunch with Miss . Barcelon and her mini me . 
Wish I had a driver's license . A state I.D. will be good for now . 
How am I the only person in the WHOLE WIDE WORLD that has never ever once seen Starwars ?? 
Lafayette and < PROPMALE > are the best ever .. 
Friday night and NO < PROPFEMALE > to anything but stay at home . 
I wish someone would show up my door and hand me a double-double from in-n-out . 
Girls ' night with the sister tonight ? YEAH ! It's a win-win situation . 
.. red wine with every meal , and absinth after dinner ... 
I could watch Law & Order all day everyday . 
To Whom it May Concern :\ 
I'm sorry I picked up some groceries so it was less things you'd have to worry about tomorrow . When you do go back tomorrow for more , use your own money . My attendance for the camping trip ? I'm not going . 
We don't talk and visit anymore . I just wanted a little bit of your time . 
can't believe i'm up this morning .. i guess it's nice to be up at 7 am .. but when I couldn't fall asleep last night it really sucks .. 
i'm sick to my stomache .. 
Pretty sure someone snuck into my house this AM and tried to come into my room .. then left .. Thanks , Dad for leaving the garage door wide open . And thanks to the security cameras for being disconnected . 
I wish my id wasn't lost .. and I wish my new one would come already . 
I seriously want to take a pair of scissors to my hair .. UGHHHHH 
No id . No vehicle . No cigarettes . 
.... the fudge ?! 
I really love coming home and seeing my fam in a great mood .. HA ! These fools need to start habitualy drinking or something . 
I don't think I would do anything for a klondike bar . 
Wow .. such a happy family i have . EW 
I really need to work out .. 
I want to go on a date . 
Hmmm ... 
How long should I let my sister sit in the bathroom before I grab her some toilet paper ? 
I need a work out partner . And a partner to lay in the sun with . 
Had Blue < PROPFEMALE>'s < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFEMALE > .. So good . 
suuuuch a long day .. 
someone buy my a plane ticket out of here . 
So .. I feel like if I can't grow old with you , I don't want to do it at all . 
my bags are packed .. i'm sorry .. 
i've never hated myself more . 
Today is going to be a good day . 
I start work today ! 
My heart has never hurt so much .. 
No work tomorrow .. whaaaaa !? 
You've got your ball , you've got your chain . Tied to me tight , tie me up again .. 
For some reason the thought of eating makes me want to vomit . 
June 19th .. Please hurry up . 
ew .. why is my facebook saying i'm in a relationship ??! 
Tru tv . My love . 
Law & Order SVU . ATTN : < PROPMALE > . \ 
Why are you so hot ? \ 
Love , You're number one fan . AHHH 
I would like to be on a game show . Like Family Fued . 
belly-ache . 
The people on deal or no deal are so greedy .. Shoooot if i was offered 16,000 dollars .. I's take it . 
Oh I can alwasy be talked into having a drink . 
... Should be interesting .. 
ughhh ... so tired . 
ahhh a 32 oz to start the night right . 
It's ok that I felt like a boss last night . \I am a VERY big deal ... \"" 
I really do just love being harassed over something that happened , what .. 7 months ago ? I'm so glad that everyone acts like they are so perfect and have never done anything wrong . 
To Catch a Predator never gets old . 
If one more person asks me if i've seen the new xbox .. 
Sometimes .. I want to laugh at some people right in the face . 
Sometimes , some people are the rudest people on the planet . 
So mad that my Modest Mouse cd was stolen . 
It's ok that I have ghosts in my house . 
Soooooo funny people are . 
i feel so lost .. 
I'm a little upset that I threw out the second half of my sandwich .. The fudge was I thinking ?! 
Someone come get me tonight !!!!! 
soooooo interesting tonight was ... 
Why am I so in love with In-N-Out ? 
Sometimes i want to throw myself on the ground and cry .. I think i'll color my hair instead . 
Saw something on the news .. This man was married to his wife for 75 years ! 
AHHHHH .. So frustrated . 
bff time ?! 
I really enjoy coming home and the house alarm blarring in my ear . 
Brand New all night ... love it . 
the fudge ?! 
\I think i'm going to start taking singing lessons .. Then go on American Idol . \ " \ 
HACKED THE SHITTT OUT OF MY FRIENDS HAIR .. SOOOOO FUNNY 
I miss my best friend ! SOOOOOOOO much 
AHHHHHHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA 
Don't ever let me cut your hair when i've been drinking .. 
loves the smell of Hawaiian Tropic tanning lotion . 
\You're going to leave the house wearing that ? \ " AHHHHH " 
Decided that I really do want a phone .. < PROPFEMALE > im going to get one . 
AHHHHHH No phone AT ALL .. Sucks .. 
I really need to lay out tomorrow morning .. It's just sooooo hot . 
I wish someone would deliver food to me .. 
forgot it was friday .. 
No big deal that i'm going to see vampire weekend in september ? 
I must not have gotten the memo that i'm still 17 years old . Because I could have sworn that I was 21 .. 
i hate tonight . 
someone go have lunch with me tomorrow .. buy one get on free sandwiches !! huh ? huh ? 
I want to go to California .. 
I could be gone for two weeks straight and no one in my house would even notice .. 
I want to go back home .. Home is not Las Vegas .. 
the heat kills me . 
what the fudge ... direct tv sucks sometimes .. 
oh pbr . you sure make me smile . 
has anyone had chinese beer ? and is it good ? 
Watching TrueBlood . What the ...?! 
I hate thinking that there is no food in the house . Untill I open the fridge and realize that we have .. Avacados , tomatoes , cilantro , and jalepenos .. Ahh it's nice living in a hispanic family . 
I have a phone finally .. I feel like i'm part of civilization again .. 
:) 
so i can text .. I feel human again . 
ahhhhh @ my life right now . 
ahhhh @ lil < PROPMALE > . Oh weezy , you sure do make me laugh . 
\what if i had a friend that looked and dressed like uncle fester ? \"" 
I'm the same as I was when I six years old . And oh my god I feel so damn old ... 
fml 
so .. I saw the new twilight .. Lol 
I love when I get calls from \Unavailable\ " when like literally 5 people have my number .. " 
I feel like i just lifted the world off of my back .. Like I can finally relax again and be happy . :D 
\I need to color my eyebrows in . \ " ... \ " You should just get the lawn mower and fix them . \"" 
\when im gone and got dirt on my face ... Cause im six feet under ! \ " ohhh dad .. I want a book of all your ridiculous quotes .. " 
boulder city . Ah its too early . 
so my nine month old neice is in love with modest mouse .. Shes cool . 
I have a < PROPFIRST > McDonald scalp .. 
i HATE waking up this early .. Ew at life right now . 
this part of town creeps me out .. 
im just waiting for my manager to say the wrong thing to me today .. 
gee dad . Thanks for telling me that youre watching MY SISTERS BABY so that I can go out if i want to . I do what i want . And i have no < PROPFEMALE > to < PROPFEMALE > out with THEIR friends . 
criss angel is 43 . The fudge .. I didnt realize he was that old . 
wants frozen yogurt soooo bad . 
i love being able to pause my tv . 
SOOOOOO excited for my sister's birthday i am ! 
what do I wear to a mexican fiesta ? 
The week is sucking . The weekend should be nice ;D 
< PROPMALE > courts are shit . i'm really pissed off about this situation . 
Clorox 2 is my new favorite product . 
Mormy Kooki . Oh oh oh oh . 
LA ?!?! AHHHH 
sooo in love with my life i am . 
hahaaha chowder . Cartoon network makes me smile . 
i love it when you thug me baby . ? 
why are things so confusing sometimes ? 
I am so thrilled about where my life is going to go . I am so excited to start over again ! 
kiss me through da phone . 
< PROPFEMALE > Minaj , I can't understand you . 
I have the most ridiculous dreams every night of my life . I kind of love it . 
i would love to watch space jam right at this moment .. 
srop . Get over yourself . 
fml sometimes . 
\lets get our romp on tonight . \"" 
I just keep getting more and more annoyed with this situation . It really makes me mad . Are you kidding me right now ?! How rude some people are ! Ahhhhh ! 
Is it January yet ? 
i can not wait to get out of here ! :D 
can someone please tell me why im running around saying , \oh mylanta\ " like it's part of my everyday vocabulary ? " 
ew @ how i miss my boyfriend ... 
fml today .. 
sooo into ! 
the most tired human i will be at work today . Ew . 
SISTA SISTA GETS BACK TONIGHT . WOO . 
misses the boyf right now . 
ew , why do i have the best boyf !? 
laying in bed ... Sick . It bums me out . 
HEY EVERYONE ! DONT FORGET ABOUT MY SISTERS SUPRISE BIRTHDAY PARTY ON SUNDAY !! 
I love that my boyfriend calls me at 2:30 in the morning after i text him JUST because i had a bad dream . :D 
SIX O CLOCK AT MY HOUSE ! 
slkdfjklahgoierhguehvio ... That is all . 
I love my life . 
fml . What a strange turn of events . 
work is the craziest ever today .. 
I know its going to be a good day when i discover Canada Dry < PROPFEMALE > Ale is in our fridge . 
yeah , i worked for only four and a half hours today and now im dead . How lame . 
i really don't like getting into my dad's car and having to listen to < PROPFEMALE > braxton .. 
i can't wait to get to california and start all over again . Can it please be january yet ? 
I am sooo glad that I don't have children ... Projectile vomit , playing with computer cords , and sticking weird objects in their mouth .. Ohhh no thanks , not for me . 
i wish everytime i got a fountain pop , they had canada dry gingerale in the fountain machine .. 
If you throw me under the bus you better believe i'll pull you down with me . I don't think you know what you're dealing with ... 
this is the worst . 
fml .. 
if i didnt suddenly wake up at two am then was so rudely awaken at four am , i might have been in a better mood this morning . 
i really wish people could grow up and mind their own business .. Why are you so concerned about who im hooking up with or dating ... Dicks . 
i am probably the happiest human in the world .. \ 
Now if you excuse me , me and my boo thang are going to have the most amazing time together .. :D 
i am having the most annoying time right now ... I wish a had some drank ! 
i like how MY name is always on the tip of your tongues .. :) 
i die . 
ahhhhahahahaha . 
I don't care what anyone is saying . I love my life more and more everyday . 
i could sit in my room and listen to modest mouse for hours .. 
if i didn't hate my itunes right now .. 
I want a cat . And some frozen yogurt . 
lindo michoacan .. You complete me . 
its a very bittersweet day today ... 
And I miss you when you're around .. 
oh grilled cheese sandwich ... You made my day . 
my eyeball hurts . 
i hope this goes well .. 
< PROPFEMALE > ambrosia looks like a hammer head shark . 
I miss my most wonderful boyfriend on this day . 
street lurker . 
I need a savior lately . 
being fat ! 
i am so glad that i don't have feather pillows anymore . 
I really want an einstein bros . bagel right now . preferably cranberry . Mmmm 
\Who wants to die alone ? Thats not fun . Well .. I guess dying isn't fun anyway . \"" 
oh , you fancy huh ? 
what a day .. 
oh jeeze ... 
i literally am in such a < PROPMALE > matthews mood .. I don't even care right now . 
Sometimes I go and read old messages and I just laugh & laugh ! Oh , how happy I am NOW . :D 
I know that I shouldn't be annoyed by this ... But I am .. Really annoyed . 
\Did you like my new jeans ? \ " \ 
watching daytime talk shows really makes me feel better about my life . 
I sometimes forget about my love for Everytime I die's Hot Damn ! Then when I listen to it , i feel like im falling in love all over again . 
Listening to/watching my sister \beatbox\ " is literally the funniest thing I have ever experienced ! " 
i am the most excited human . 
fajitas .. mmm 
oh how I love my sister .. Two peas in a pod we are ! 
i hate having to walk home without my ipod .. 
I am starting to see what someone pointed out to me a million years ago . It sucks . 
there is nothing that i love morethan lurking the streets alone at midnight .. 
I'm actually enjoying this no drinking phase . 
why is it that when i start watching a lifetime movie i can't seem to quit . 
The day keeps sucking harder and harder . 
I want to go on a trip . & get tattooed . & color my hair ... I need a job .. 
\I made this New Years resolution for myself .. To go out and start dealing pot . \ " haaaahaha I love the people that go on < PROPFIRST > Springer ! " 
intervention .. so intense .. 
Somedays .. I miss Wyoming . 
Miss my burrfran . 
is enjoying the weather right about now . 
i want a smoothie . 
I wish I had a balcony attached to my room with a little table and chair and ash tray . 
I really don't LIKE watching scarry movies all by myself .. 
I will always love taking back sunday .. 
I was unaware that scenesters were still around .. 
I don't really LIKE Miller High Life .. But it was two for $2.00 .. 
A bunch of April babies .. A bunch of fools . 
oh gee . There is nothing that i love more than to be the only drunk one .. :/ 
ew ... Just ew ... 
ahhhhhhhh fml 
i think that i hate flying than when i watch movies where people are frequent flyers , it makes me miss traveling . 
feels like shit . 
not being able to sleep is the worst .. 
so i'm standing in line .. And the man behind me is literally like one inch away from my body . Do people not know anything about personel space ?! 
Life is what happens while you're making plans .. 
So .. Whenever I go somewhere and the employee has a name tag on , I call them by their name .. I don't see why this embarasses my sister .. Isn't that the point of a name tag ? 
Seriously , i can not watch the ASPCA commercials with the sad animals .. It literally makes me want to cry . 
\Lemme getcho bank card . \"" 
Damn , i forgot to take my vitamins .. 
Sooo exhausted lately .. :/ 
The cox communications commercials are my FAVORITE . Seriously . 
i get it .. I got it years ago .. Leave me alone about it already .. 
Brand New on repeat ? I will love < PROPFEMALE > untill the day that i die ! 
Literally just saw the FUNNIEST thing on our security cam playback ! Ahhhhhahahahahaha 
FML TODAY !! Ahhhhh ! 
i HATE walking alone .. 
are you kidding ?! 
i really need to quit drinking .. 
I love this Sunday HBO lineup .. :) 
i wish i was eating the most amazing breakfast right now .. 
cleaning chemicals give me the worst headaches . 
I have learned to kind of enjoy cleaning .. So when i finish , i get sad a little bit . 
My eleven month old niece's dancing makes my day . 
I always have some random baby thing in my room . Today it's little shoes and a chew toy . 
The people on Hoarders are NUTS !!! Absolutely nuts ! 
AHHHHHHH ! :/ 
Can't sleep . You'd think that having a memory foam mattress would help that .. 
misses her boyfriend today . 
ahhhh good times ! 
My hair looks terrible .. I need to color it .. Red hair and brown roots is not attractive . 
i have the weirdest dreams .. 
i'm so over have chronic headaches . this is so annying to me right now . 
The nicotine withdrawls are subsiding . Finally . Quitting smoking is a real drag . 
i'm no longer an alcohol drinker .. So i stick to root beer and going to bed early on weekends . 
BBQ with the fam .. Oh boy . 
OH ! I love these HBO Sundays . I will miss them ! 
This lifestyle is getting old . I need a place to call \home\ " for once . " 
Who is going to be my twin now ? :( 
gnarliest breakfast burrito .. Yesss ! 
who am i supposed to have twintelepathy with ? 
I feel fat & tired . And have a headache .. Fml . 
I wonder what my mug shot from two years ago looks like .. 
oh great , I hope i'm not getting sick . 
Ahhh worst week ever . I don't think i've ever NOT looked forward to the weekend . 
wow 
last night in town ... Would not have spent it any other way . 
Dear today , \ 
I HATE you for being here so fast . \ 
Can a year please come and go really quickly , thanks . 
nothing more annoying then men who wear suits or suit jackets ALL the time . 
OH ! It's cold . 
The kids in this town get out of school for HUNTING .. Really , hunting ? 
Seriously , too much coffee .. ew . 
Yeah , I just love walking ourside in the morning to 30 something degree temperatures .. Thanks , wyoming . 
\Move over Aquavista ! Reverse osmosis is where it's at ! \"" 
I really wish my sister or < PROPFIRST > were on chat so I could chat them up .. 
I'm not looking forward to my days starting at 3:00 AM !!! AHHHH ! 
I feel like I have a permanent headache .. seriously , this is annoying . 
Someone thought that I was 12 .. TWELVE ! Seriously ?! 
People in Wyoming really make me laugh .. 
Library ? 
I hate facebook . Some days . 
I could drink butter pecan friscanis everyday . :) they light up my life . 
\last was some malarky \"" 
Ew , why are the lights flickering ? Outside looks gnarly .. 
If this cold weather isn't the most annoying EVER ... I miss Las Vegas . 
I knew when I woke up this morning that today was not going to be my day . 
I'm upstairs in the office pretending to be working really hard on business stuff .. This job is pretty alright . Thanks mom for employing me . 
Dear Today , \ 
Please hurry up and be about over . I'm tired of you dragging on and on AAANNNNNDDD I still have to do the night deposits after we close !!! 
If I could have in n out right now I would be the happiest woman alive .. 
Seriously , who in Worland has a bedazzler that I can borrow ? 
Italian cream sodas everyday ? Sign me up ! 
I've had these jeans on for almost a week .. How dingy they are looking . 
I should become a flight attendant . 
I love how my mom thinks i'm the greatest at everything .. haha thanks mom . 
oh today .. 
\excuse me ? \"" 
So I heard the greatest thing today .. I just laugh and laugh and laugh ! 
the font on this comp is sao small .. 
so I heard that snow is coming .. Screw Wyoming .. 
If i could just sit here and play call of duty right now , work would be such a highlight . 
I sometimes sing to myself and forget that there are customers downstairs that can clearly hear me .. I tell myself that they like the entertainment .. 
I want some horchata .. 
No bread , no starch , no beer ... Dieting sucks . 
oh my goodness gracious .. 
I am so glad that it was 14 degrees outside when I left the house .. Thank you , Wyoming , for making my heart feel a little colder .. :/ 
I'm so glad that the bank teller didn't throw my money at me today . 
Snow , really ? Screw this season . 
Thats ok that I dream about a zombie apocolypse .... 
My brother is a strange human . 
Ayyyy ! 
i'm so glad it wasn't raining while i was walking to the shop . 
Wow , I haven't taken a test since I was like 18 years old .. 
Ughhhhhhhhhhh ! :) 
I feel like i'm about to have a panic attack ... 
I love my life . And I love pulled pork sandwiches .. AND pumpkin cheese cake .. 
I am dressed like a boy .. :/ 
I want to take a nap and it's only 10:27 .. 
I really like how I \installed the android application on my phone . \ " When did I get a phone that I installed this android app on ? " 
thanks for being below zero this morning ... BRRRRR ... I hate winter . 
is the most tired human . 
Vegas in < PROPFIRST > ? I'm stoked ! I miss my boyf ! :D 
Chocolate covered espresso/coffee beans today .. I hope they turn out well .. We are serving these to the public . 
13 below zero ?! Really ?!?! This is crap . 
Dear Microsoft Excel , \ 
You annoy me . 
I really want to get off early today .. 
Employee of the month ? Hell yeah ! :D 
All of this airport security screening stuff stresses me out . I have no idea why . 
Training .. \ 
Where do I even begin ?! 
i'm over this ... 
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush ? 
\Why are we the rudest humes ? \"" 
Yeah , i let my hair down .. It's ok that I'm a rebel . 
i'm alone .. at work .. and bored .. 
Oh boy . 
two doll hairs .. all gone . 
Wow 
I will admit that i'm the biggest douche in the world .. eh . 
screw work . i'm hungry . 
It's no big deal that me and my friends have nothing better to do than be the most legit private investigators .. 
If I could just live in a cave and never come out .. I would . 
ew , quite possibly getting a phone tomorrow .. 
Getting a cellular device freaks me out .. I don't want to became a slave to it . Oh , life . 
Oh the morning kills me when I'm up half the night trying to sleep . fml . 
There are certain customers that I want to say , \Get the hell out of here\ " to . " 
has taken part in modern technology . 
I am so glad that i experienced drunk texting at it's finest last night . What an interesting way to wake up . 
is so hungry . 
Movie niiiight 
i had the most amazing sandwich ever . 
CHRYSTINA BARCELONA ... 
I really like doing baskets .. 
Wow .. done early today ! 
#69 : I hate your guts . 
i need a nap .. 
people of wyoming ... 
my shoes are looking hag .. I really looking forward to getting new ones in the mail . 
House of 1000 corpses 
< PROPFIRST > Tashima at Coffee and Everything Wonderful just made me the best sandwich .. 
< PROPFEMALE > artois out of a wine glass .. stay classy . 
I have a class today .. Oh , these random things that I do .. 
So .. I guess i look haggard today .. I love people . 
I had such a good day today . Got some new shoes , my bench warrent was pulled , and I made banana bread . Life . It's so good right now . 
allergies ... give me a freaking break . 
I get my poor high-fiving skills from my mom . 
< PROPFEMALE > jolly tea ... legit .. 
Dear Mom , \ 
Please stop making the most delicious desserts at work . I'm going to get fat . 
shut up pooooooool 
this could be fun ... muhahaha ! 
my life , it makes me laugh . 
p . s .. i'm glad i left my facebook loged on . 
p . s .. ya'll need < PROPFEMALE > hide ya kids hide yo wife and hide ya FACEBOOK cuz they rapin errbody out here ! 
Dear < PROPMALE > .. You crack me up . Thanks for not logging out of my profile < PROPFEMALE > . 
Dear < PROPFIRST > was a stupid movie .. 
Road tripping it . And we're the three best friends ... 
White chocolate caramel breve .. probably the best thing i've ever had . 
What a strange moment . 
I went in the back room and cried for about two minutes .. I don't have any clue why . I'm glad that's over with . 
I had a dream that i was getting attacked by wolverine .. How stupid . 
I need to get my nails done again .. :/ 
Dear January tenth , please come by quickly . 
i want today to be over with already .. I want to just go home and lay in my bed and watch tv .. the tv that i DON'T have in my room ... ugh . 
kdjflkajsflkjzslkfjlksdjflkajsdlkjasdkfgaiuijkjfrueyhsdsnfguuasljfksdyofjdgt8jfclkdngooisjf ! That is how I feel at this exact moment ... pshh 
I think my elk tooth and my wishbone are missing .. 
Enough with this tomfoolery ... 
if today were going any slower .. it would be going backwards .. 
I'm glad that the Dr. Pepper canister thing exploded on me .. AND that this whole in the floor behind the counter is going to cause me to break my ankle . :) Oh , I live for this . 
Oh , netflix . I love you . 
The weather is something fierce . 
I leave on monday :) 
my birthday is coming up .. what a drag .. 
My body hurts .. Thanks Yoga . :) 
oh vegas , it feels good to be back .. :) 
< PROPFIRST>'s crab shack tonight .. DATE NIGHT ! 
Leaving today ... ugh . 
I am having the time of my life .. It's nice . 
Looking at furniture . :) 
Oh can today be over with already ?! Yeesh .. It's ONLY tuesday .. Oh mylanta . 
Jeeze , the dreams I have are taking a toll on my sleep .. I just love waking up at 3 am thinking a seriel killer is in my closet . 
Still don't understand the free-masons . 
Seriously ... Again with the dreams .. 
I like that it always looks like i'm giving the death stare .. I just can't see .. 
Nothing ever fails to shock me . 
Yoga tonight ! :D 
Whatevz ... You only wanted me for my pimp juice .. 
I want it to be Saturday Feb 12th at approx . 8-ish in the p.m. 
What in the world is my mom listening to ? 
Oh the excitment of Worland , Wyoming . :| 
I feel like I have a fun filled weekend up ahead . 
I like how < PROPFIRST > Brase \likes\ " all my statuses .. :D " 
\I wonder who will post about this on facebook first .. \ " AND WE HAVE A WINNER !!! I knew it ... Ahhhhhh " 
When it rains , it sure does pour . 
in the paper today ! :) and on the Radio tomorrow morning .. Jeeze .. 
The universe , I swear , is out to get me this week ... 
Mmmm bop .. 
Thanks everyone who wished me a happy birthday ! I love you all :) 
so i'm still at my place of employment .. all alone and it's creepy . 
i need a tv .. and a microwave .. and while i'm at it , a house . 
seriously ?! I better not be getting sick .. BLEHHHHHH 
I wish there wasn't a \Very long wait\ " for < PROPMALE > season 3 on netflix . " 
DUCK LA'ORANGE! 
It is so nice outside that I literally want to cry of excitment . 
When did I set my alarm to go off way earler than I need to ? I don't recall ever doing this .. 
Everyone I encounter is with child . What is going on ? Eeeek . 
Coffee and Everything Wonderful with < PROPFEMALE > < PROPFIRST > 
Ahhhhh its friday !!! 
needs a house ! 
i am in awe .. :( 
You made your bed and now you have to lay in it . 
The weekend is looking good so far ;) 
Oh allergies ! Wonderful day untill allergies kicked in ! 
Ahhhhh .. Never a dull moment I suppose . 
Misses the boyf . 
I just shouldn't bake .. D ' : 
Phone is off until Friday ... BUMMER . 
Super Natural . 
When someone POINTS out that you have a hole in the crotch of your pants .. it's a sign that you need to stop wearing them .. :( 
Some people just really disgust me ... Seriously . Having no phone is kind of nice btw .. :) 
I really hate that I can't see , or talk to my boyfriend .. 
When you're strange ... 
I really want today to be nice .. I'm so cold and I can't get warm , and i'm at work all alone for at least another hour .. How boring .. and cold . 
White chocolate , caramel breve ... YESSSS .. 
i'm trying to explain dubstep .. this is all I could say \Waawaawaa \"" 
I don't know about this weather . I DO know that i'm a little excited to get my phone turned back on this morning . :) 
Some man just called my work and asked me what the number to the Big-horn county c o-o p was .. Hmmm .. 
Apartment shopping .. :) 
I need to get out of here .. It's been too long already . 6 months is long enough . 
Oh mylanta . I need some drink . 
\You smell like a permanent . \"" 
If you're feeling froggy ... leap . 
I think Moraccan Heat Tea is my new favorite thing . 
Poached eggs ? Yes , please ! 
Today is a good day . 
We can dance untill we die .. 
Seriously ? 
I wish I had a picture of the face that < PROPFIRST > is making right now ... 
Having a new little neice or nephew today ! :) 
I wake up with a racing mind . Can't I ever just not think about EVERYTHING that could possibly go wrong ? 
Snow ? Really ? 
Just went on a nice little bike ride . :) 
I'm at work , not working ... on my day off .. Wow , i'm pretty exciting ! 
It's only Wednesday .. Oh my garsh . 
I saw you drivin ' ' round town with the girl i love and i'm like , forget you . 
It would be nice if my boyf was back . 
Looked at apartments ! :) 
