Any 2010 grads need senior pictures ? 

You gotta love a birthday that starts with waking up to homemade biscuits and chocolate gravy ! 
is getting her quarterly picture posting up and ready for facebook :) 
new year's eve ... a book and a teething baby . this concept might have made me sad 5 years ago , but i really like the baby and the book is a rare enjoyment . am i getting old ? 
is changing her status just for < PROPFEMALE > and < PROPFEMALE>'s amusement . 
is thinking that the month has arrived . Due in 26 days . I bet God gives us the baby on April Fool's Day just to make us laugh . :) 
Due date : 22 days away . 
Due date : 21 days away ... 
due date update : 15 days away ... 
Due date : 12 days . Awesome shower today , it was so exciting to receive so many beautiful baby things ! 
3 days until the baby is done . 
They told me the baby would arrive today ... still no stork . 
4 days after the due date , happily waiting ... and waiting ... and wondering girl or boy , boy or girl ? 
For those of you still wondering ... :) It is a boy ! < PROPFIRST > Brennan came on March 31st at 11:37 pm . So happy . 
has never been happier . 
is liking her new job . < PROPFIRST > and < PROPFIRST > are good employers . 
doesn't have time to post pictures everywhere ... if you'd like to see what we are up to - taylorsgrandadventure.blogspot.com - enjoy ! 
Time to edit wedding pictures ! 
i always wondered what had people up and on facebook at 2 in the morning . now i know ! they must all have killer tooth aches ! at least that is what has me searching for a distraction while i wait for the tylenol pm to kick in ... 
is trying to eat a bowl of cereal without < PROPFIRST > fishing in it ... 
has just installed the ' My Kids ' application 
is wondering if the my kids application will successfully turn my facebook account into < PROPFIRST>'s account instead ... 
ETA : June 25 , 2011 
Yes I am .... a water buffalo ... I like the colour pink :) 
Getting creative in 2011 ! I promise to send something handmade to the 1st 5 people who comment on this status . Within the year you will get your surprise . In order to be eligible , you MUST post this as your status and do the same for 5 others . 
New posts on our blog ! taylorsgrandadventure.blogspot.com 
< PROPFIRST > may not believe in naps anymore , but I do ! 
My gmail is on holiday - it didn't even call to say goodbye . It changed it's number and moved without letting me know . It changed the locks , locked the door , and threw away my key . Basically , I can't sign on to my email . Hope no one is writing me an important message ! 
